We Love You Melania! You are doing a Great Job!
What has she done? NOTHING THAT'S WHAT #NOTMYFLOTUS
Michelle Obama was putting in healthy food in the school's menu and taking out the junk food.
Sucks that all your grandkids have a racist meemaw
Ironic that your husband’s party won’t renew the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Family values? Not so much.
Capitalism my friend. If you need free stuff you can move to Venezuela, China, NK etc.
You have NO IDEA what chip is..one of the most successful bipartisan and efficient govt program that has enabled health for millions of kids
For you goverment is the answer. For me goverment is the problem.
Well as a taxpayer - I am sick of Trump going on golfing outings at our expense. He is funneling money back into his own pockets because he owns the courses. #TrumpCrimeFamily
You r not serious
I knew it. He spent all that time and money campaigning to get green fees. How could I not see through this devious plot? It must of been the last 8 years of Obama telling us how happy we should be that weakened my forensic skills.
Should be happy..delivered us from recession/depression the likes of which not seen since 29..sustained econ growth for 7 years..indisputabl
How about getting your husband to pressure congress to renew CHIP!
How about paying for your own insurance? Deadbeat
Potty mouth. If you like socialism so much move to Venezuela.
This is MY country comrade. Unlike the dotard donnie cult... I am not a traitor. I don't bow to money. My altar is in my room... Not in trump's pants.
My first thought, based on your response, was to write you off as an immature fool. But first I have to ask you if you earned the freedom of speech you seem so fond of or are you a freeloader?

Today is Jan. 20, 2018. Why are you retweeting old Tweets from Melania from Nov & Dec 2017? If you think this will distract us from what is going on right now (Gov shutdown, cheating Trump bribing former sex partner, collusion & money laundering with Russians) YOU ARE WRONG 
The man you married! How proud you MUST be!
On my way to @childrenshealth to read a #Christmas book and visit with some of the brave patients. Please keep all who are struggling with health issues in your thoughts & prayers this holiday season.
Like your husband and his mental health issues!?!?!?  My only thought on him is that he's arrested and out of office soon!!!!
As your husband's party moves to cut healthcare for those who need it most, I will keep them in my thoughts.
عاهرة بت عاهرة
Well, except poor kids. They can just die, right @FLOTUS. Fraud.
That is something admirable for you to do. It would also be admirable for you to stand up to your corrupt husband.
ديمقراطيه زائفه
القدس عاصمة فلسطين
Melania, your husband is killing the children, literally.  You want to help them?  Divorce the schmuck and start volunteering.  … No?  Nah, I didn’t think so.
You are so kind and compassionate! We are so blessed to have you as our first lady. Pray blessing and favor over you and your family @FLOTUS !!! 
Love  @FLOTUS! Our Christmas Angel.  I’ll never get tired of seeing this picture. 
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Be sure you find out how many of them lost their health insurance due to the cancellation of CHIPS.
Are you copying someone's P.R. again Melania. This time Hillary? What is it with you and other FLOTUS's work?
This means so much to those children. You are a lovely and caring FLOTUS.  We are blessed as a nation.
We are praying for them as so many will lose their healthcare. CHIP program is sending out letters informing parents their children will no  longer be covered.  Prayer won't heal them.  They need health care.
Trump is #1
Since they won't have health care I guess at least they can have our health thoughts. You're a disgrace.
#Complicit
Ouch Donald retweeting a month late? He must be trying to make up for this Stormy patch in your relationship....
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/980873029113835523 … explains please
Trump Health Dept removes breast cancer page from website on women's health
 http://hill.cm/ivFTxeL  

Rather than thoughts and prayers, affordable health care might be of greater merit
Not her job! Tell that to the Democ rats that messed up the health care system
Really? Thoughts and prayers and the reading of Christmas books? That isn't going to come close to repairing the damage your husband and his cohorts are doing to this country. Why don't you stay home and see if you can talk your hubs into doing something GOOD for this country?!?
Really? No proof just  tears. Must be awful to be so mad over nothing
Don't let #DentureDonald get hold of the book and read.
DO NOT RETWEET USING #DentureDonald https://twitter.com/thedailyshow/status/938626642519375872 …
What? She was a porn star who married for money and was allowed only one child to secure her financial future. She doesn't even live in WH
She was a porn star.
Didn't say film. Print porn. Photography. Porn model.
Arlene: you have no idea what you are talking about. She was never a porn star she was a model. If some of her photos offended you that's your problem. Quit spreading lies and frankly, STFU.
What does Melania think?
Well, don't read Dr. Suess because that seems to really trigger people. Keep up the good work.
Why you don t visit your Slovenija..Pridi malo z mozem sem da malo resite te slovenske probleme ,ker je katastrofa pri nas doma l.p fromSlovenija
Healthcare is a wonderful gift.
What a great thing to do! 
If you really care about children,  stand up to your husband and the other Republicans and demand outlaw of assault rifles and increase funding and overhaul of background checks!
Merry Christmas First Lady 
To what?
Dems, the most; they do not have even one concrete agenda for Americans and this Great Nation.
Obama saved this country and economy is roaring because of the Dems plan and the Dems Fed. CHIP is a bipartisan program.

Shame your husband removed healthcare to millions
when did healthcare become an entitlement?
It's a basic human right in great countries like England.
I am sure they are taking immigrants. If you're already a resident of said country, then don't concern
Keep up the wonderful work I am a veteran in Colorado springs as a medical refugee using cannabis oil treatment to cure my skin cancer the VA hospital is recording all my wonderful progress in 3 years here marijuana became my exit drug from opiates thank you
The Marijuana Case of the Century
rings kinda hollow when @realDonaldTrump and @GOP are trying to take health ins away from millions.....
Why don’t you give them the best gift of all.....Healthcare!

They didn't pass CHIP, they plan to cut Medicaid and teacher's can't write off the $250 they spend in school supplies. And Roy Moore likes little girls.
I am a snowflake, I don't understand what I'm saying but I'm saying it anyway, u spelled cat wrong, The cat
Oh believe me I do! And I also pray that medical coverage will be attainable once your husband is done destroying it!
Leave the first lady alone she has nothing to do with it just because you're jealous cause she's better looking than you smarter than you has more grace shall I go on?  Merry Christmas love go away

Deuteronomy 28:12-13
The Lord will open to you His good treasure, the heavens, to give the rain to your land in its season, and to bless all the work of your hand. You shall lend to many nations, but you shall not borrow. And the Lord will make you the head and not [1/2]
the tail; you shall be above only, and not be beneath, if you heed the commandments of the Lord your God, which I command you today, and are careful to observe them. [2/2]
Thank you for putting these on
Especially for all the kids losing their #CHIP coverage. Gonna be a hard road for those families. But a #Christmas book should do it. Good job.
Exactly. Tge government should not be solving all of our problems. If you can't afford to feed your kids you should just sell your iphone and electronics and get a job.
Yet you can afford the luxury of Netflix. Cancel it and pay for your own medical insurance.
It just goes to show you how out of touch you, and others (who dont have money issues) are that you think $8 a month is enough to buy insurance for a family of 3 as wel as cover all remaining balances. #SAD btw, Netflix is cheaper than cable- which is why we have it instead of tv
I have Netflix, hulu, WWENetwork and Playstation Vue instead of cable (Still cheaper). Also to be fair to Morgen, I'm not married nor do I have any kids. So I do have the luxury of having some disposable income. Now I do try to help society by buying my clothes at Salvation Army.
It just amazes me that anyone could think that for the cost of Netflix or Hulu, a family with a child with a disability could cover all their bills. We were homeless at one point and had a medical bankruptcy. And we both work. We pay taxes.
Thank you #God shines his light so bright on Us all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Key to one Any Nation is Truth we must give it to our children our word is all we own,with out it we are nothing #OneDay soon we will all see the truth it will win every time #MAGA Now

Safe travels! 
Love our #FirstFamily and our #FirstLady 
Quick... where are the barf bags?
Will your parents be visiting #thewhitehouse during the holidays?
Do you not read? It’s Christmas not holidays
We call it the holiday season over here. And by the way, I read exceptionally well...
Sorry but it was your president that created a fuss over calling it Christmas not holiday season. Maybe you missed those news stories
Hon, he's not my president. You seem unaware that #twitter is a global entity...
Are you also going to tell them that you live in a gold palace but soon they'll have no heathcare? Somebody had better tell them.
Mountain resistance how about you resist the urge to pick up the first lady why don't you climb a Mountain, and and jump off
That's pick on
Day #319 of the Hostage situation. First Skank (former Slovenian soft core porn model) off to read to children. See how far a little English can take you? Seasons Greetings!
Sick and http://nean.watch  out God is watching you
Nean??? Is that a thing?
Mean..
Moronic.
I don't need your pity, from a woman who can hardly string a sentence together. Step off. And I gave myself the name so, what is your problem?
BTW, MG, it's not PITY.  JOHN 3:16
I thank God for your heart and grace! Godspeed!
We have an accused child rapist and admitted sex predator as Potus and a porn star as First Lady. How great is that? US is laughing stock.
What a sweetheart
Do u read to your husband at nite...try it start with Genesis.....
So many good accomplishments! Thank you!
and fund CHIP!!


Demagoguery
Thank you to our sweet and caring First Lady.
Who wrote that
Keeping them in our thoughts and prayers doesn't work. Ya know what does? Access to affordable health care. Why do u not see this? #asshat #resist #DumpTrump
When will their CHIP insurance be reinstated?
Sending prayers
I hope these brave, struggling patients don’t lose their life savings due to lack of medical coverage.
Your are an inspiration to all Americans... even the haters....thus thats why they hate your family. My 13yr old loves you and everything you do ma'am.
MERRY CHRISTMAS
Best First Lady EVER!
Awwww how sweet!  Why don’t you volunteer your time and some gifts to homeless shelters.  God knows there are many that are in need this “Holiday Season!!”
Pray for them because the @POTUS and the Republicans have taken away their medical coverage! LORD only knows what will happen when the kids are on their own to pay for insurance coverage.
Thank you  First Lady Melania Trump. You will make the children very happy and it will make them feel better 
Safe travels!  Bless you!
Why don’t you all call your senators and congressmen and get them off their asses to fix CHIP?? It’s their fault!
God bless you and your beautiful family #ourfirstfamily #Godisgood
Kocham Stany Zjednoczone pod przywództwem Obecnego Prezydenta
Certainly not a fan of Trump but Merry Christmas to you and your family.
OK
Your grandfather...err..husband..is s sexual predator. You should be outraged. Free Melania
So proud to have you as our wonderful First Lady. You have brought honor and class back to the position. Thank you!
God bless all the sweet angels! Thank you for being such a heart warming FLOTUS! Sorry there are so many hateful & disrespectful people. They are the PROBLEM that we have today.
Didn’t know you could read.
Will you explain to them that your husband is stripping away their medical insurance and is okay with them dying?
Thank you.
Just stay home and read a book to diaper Donnie!
It would help. Children more if you spoke for them to Congress and to your husband
Thank you for all the good you are doing, Melania.  America loves you! Merry Christmas!
Ask your husband to reinstate the CHIPS program and save a life

And at the same time THE CHIP PROGRAM HAS NOT BEEN RENEWED! How Hypocrital and Phoney is This!? 
How’s that anti-bullying campaign going? Are you making any headway with your husband??
Teacher tip: This time, read the book to the children instead of yourself.
How did you get that gingerbread man emoji??
Thank You Mrs First Lady Melania,praying !
Great First Lady
She did not tweet this
And so many children and their families don’t have health insurance because of your selfish pig of a husband. But go read to them because that’s what they need, Melania. 
God bless you and the first family...Your husband is a brave man,and IS a great President.America is behind him all the way.
Thank you!
Thank you for bringing joy to these precious children.
How's that cyber bullying campaign going?
How about having your husband, @realDonaldTrump reinstate the CHIP program that he & the #GOP are dragging their feet on & is way past deadline? This is a healthcare program for poor U.S. children. Some of these kids are in the middle of cancer treatments.
How about U PAY for it MUREEEWEEEEN
Actually, we've already been paying for it out of our taxes since 1997. It's healthcare for low income children and even pregnant women.
And there will be millions more if the Tax bill get through with its attack on Health Care
Thank you for being a class act!
Class act? What other First Lady posed for a nude pictorial?
Oh God, you can't speak English and you cannot read. Those poor kids. You do know that people make fun of you when you read a book out loud
And I would bet a dollar she @FLOTUS is here illegally, she voted in our election too.
Your doing an awesome job as the First Lady!
I just want to say that you are a very classy First Lady!  Thank you for making a difference!
Get that bloated excuse of a husband to renew CHIP.
Madam First Lady, Melania, is an absolute treasure to the great USA. Merry Christmas to you, @realDonaldTrump and your family!! #MAGA
So glad to have a first lady with compassion in the Whitehouse!!!
Are you taking a translator? No one can understand your heavy accent!
It's just that your prayers are needed for the very people you spoke of struggling with health issues. Here in Canada we have universal health care.
Are any of them @MooreSenate ‘s type?
You are wasting The best year of your life with a ..... old man. There Isn’t money in the world that can buy time back. You are a beautiful person!!!! Think about it.
For y'all praising her where is your outrage about the CHIP program funding & the millions of sick children that may lose coverage soon? You constantly criticize Michelle Obama who fought for a whole lot of relevant issues & actually changed things? What does Melania fight for??
Its great to know that #christmas is being celebrated by the white house once again.

So proud to have you as our FLOTUS your an amazing role model for the United States!!!!!
Trump is #1
Her and her daughter's didn't eat that crap. Besides it's not the Government's job to force us to buy their insurance or lunches
Wear something nice
Veldig søt av deg,Melania 
Thank you so much.
You did a good job reading the story.
be sure to read how the Trumps stole  healthcare it’s a classic #chip #trumpstolehealthcare
maybe talk with your husband about having taken away healthcare (CHIP) for about 9 million children of working poor families?!  Or the 12 million that could lose it with the tax cut?! Just a a thought if you really cared.
Great thought and I'm sure she would agree. Let's see if 100 senators and 535 members of Congress put that in front of the POTUS for him to sign. I'm curious to see what all 635 people decide on. That's who makes this bill. POTUS signs if he agrees with the deal
So why don’t The Trumps give to help Children and Seniors who will be affected by the “Tax Cut for The Wealthy”.  Medicare will be slashed and Children will no longer have health care.  While your family personally benefits by millions of dollars.
It would help if your husband and his R would get healthcare for the children as a priority!
God Bless You Melania!
Oh good, you're learning to read.
How about we help take care of those who are sick instead of stopping their healthcare. Thoughts and prayers don’t pay medical bills
What will those brave patients and their families do without CHIP? Oops, not your problem since you’re just there for the photo op.
While your husband's tax bill cuts funds to children...wow
I  Grace Anne and thought you would love to hear her heart felt Silent Night. I  MY FLOTUS  https://www.facebook.com/pattiedeville/posts/10156061038164074 … 
Good job
Allah intikam alanların en büyüğüdür
Loving Human
Thank you. Melania!! We love you!!!
And then watch them lose their healthcare. God bless.

How can you look a dying child in the eyes after everything? Thoughts and prayers ARE NOT GOOD  ENOUGH! Shame on you Melania Trump!
I'm so sorry they keep putting you in front of a book when it's not really your wheelhouse....Your people need to come up with a different idea where you're more comfortable
I've heard that you're a smart woman. Parlando cinque lingue, lyubyashchaya mat', un voyageur du monde, etc..Surely you can see the hypocrisy in this tweet.. can't you?
Thank you for all you do..and with such grace and love..
Read one to #DentureDonald
God bless you @FLOTUS
Blonde
Bless you, Melanie!
But don’t keep them on insurance!
Such a Classy First Lady

Thank you 
Thank you Mrs. Trump!  My prayers are always with the sick.  God bless you and your family for all the good work you do
More and more will be struggling with health issues the longer hubby is in the White House. All year round, not just at the holidays. Do you have any influence at all? Prove that you care!

How about your husband stops trying to take coverage away from people?
Hoping your dear husband regains the power to speak. #ThoughtsAndPrayers
