Merry Christmas misyer President. And thank you for the tax cuts..we love yah in West Virginia!
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas to you and your family Together we will make America Great Again.
Why does your wife always look like she's being held hostage?
He does it better
Lying C*CKSUCKER  #IHateTrump #MerryResistmas
Great Again! Tired of Winning! #maga

Enjoy it loser, you won't be president next Xmas. #HappyHolidays #trumprussia #MuellerIsComingForYou
Despite the shiity fake tax cuts for only wealthy people....oh yea thanks
The Greatest gift of all Time is having you lead our great nation in such a time of need. When the world hears Merry Christmas it has Depth

You're going to jail.
Happy Holidays
#gofuckyourself
The “War on Christmas” is a false flag advanced by Evangelical Christian terrorists to manufacture a political issue for confrontation.  Trump’s use of this “nonissue-issue” is just a little red meat thrown to his base.  Doesn’t really work on “thinking America.”
That's hilarious
Merry Christmas to you and your family, Mr. President! 
Only you can make “merry Christmas“ sound like a threat.
Merry Christmas Mr. President!  Thanks for making Christmas great again!
Merry Christmas!
the Plastic Trumps. Baron got like a 0.3785 second spot? What the hell is wrong is wrong with you people? The government isnt on your back, and you arent any kind of american savior. Stop this fucking cultlike gaslighting. This is the most FAKE "greetings" I've ever seen. *gags*
President Obama and his family just send the loveliest photo and message 2 hrs AFTER this and already have 3 times the likes. Sad.
https://twitter.com/ASJBaloch/status/945349488171978757 …
Merry Christmas to the best President and first family our country has ever had!
Resign you schmuck!
We are Truly Blessed that you are Our President! God Bless you and Our First Lady ! We Love You both Thank You!
#I challenge the President of Trump I call me to America give me the height and live in the United States of America
Jealous?
On behalf of the Obama family, Merry Christmas! We wish you joy and peace this holiday season. 
Do something about 14th amendment! Why are we educating undocumented for free? Mexico has a great public school system ask a Mexican citizen

Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!

The Socialist #Mainstream
Media: White Man attacked
by #Illegal Alien and Racist
#Reporter      
Merry Christmas

@realDonaldTrump This video is very nice but I need to see your LOVE  for Veterans, in the form of Veterans Policy Changes for them & their families in the form of jobs, a living wage & definitive health care!
Here's a love moment!
This is not a new Bill for Veterans its a standard Bill that every President as signed since it was 1st enacted.... https://vetadvocates.org/obama-signs-va-reform-bill-into-law/ …
Meant: has
Merry Christmas, Mr. President
I see you have a bear on your name. Under Trump's policies, they"'ll soon be extinct. Say bye bye!
Obama had 1.2million likes on his Christmas Greeting. 
Now no one likes him
Yup Donalds popularity is shrinking by the day...
But you love him , he is your President! Happy new year
#NOTMYPRESIDENT 
MAGA...MY ATTORNEY GOT ARRESTED 
Wanted to keep you up to date; Obama's Christmas greeting is at 1.3 MILLION, why is yours only 186K?
Ya Right? At least Trumps is all legal and not illegal or undocumented!!!
The White House looked so much better when the Obama's were there. I guess money can't buy class.
I realize #Resistance basically means you're an idiot, but what the h*ll is wrong with the decorations? #muckingforons

Merry Christmas to the best President America has had in office for decades. A Christmas gift from Santa to the U.S. of A.
.

@BarackObama has said Merry Christmas every change he had.
Nothing has changed , except you MAKING FAKE NEWS.
Besides he did not make it...He exposed it!!!
Just stopping by to remind you that President Obama’s single Christmas tweet got more than ALL of yours put together. Have a #MuellerChristmas !!!
I call bullshit
Nah, add DJTs holiday post likes. Subtract from the million plus O’s racked up. It’s not BS, it’s math.
You realize people are still tweeting
How’s that working
Working pretty good. Proud of this president!
Pretty good? How many likes to President Obama’s tweet end up with compared to drump?
Why does that matter?
Even when his lies are in front your face, u will call it truth
Presented without a comment:  
I didnt eat anything, you on the other hand, wait, Why am I embarrassing myself tweeting to a Russian bot. Vladimir! Vladimir!, how are u comrade?
Ok comrade,  heil comrade Vladimir!! The takeover is almost, wait , we not in private message?
How much is Bot salary?
My goodness, she looks so miserable.
Don’t be jealous of this beautiful First Lady
Jealous of a face that will eventually look like this?! Girl Bye
That looks like your mother
That is all you got? WOW epic comeback... 
You gonna stalk now , I know it’s hard for you , losing and all that . Best get ready for 2020 happy new year snow flake . We wov you boo boo
Snicker ,melting !
Thanks for sharing

Make us great President Trump
Because the Democrats and lying Fake News Media and people like you. We are laughing right  now. Because of the crap u wrote. UnAmerican
You are ......just worthless.

#ImpeachTrump #Resist #removetrump #HappyNewYear

Thank you May God bless and protect you.
Thank you Sir. Merry Christmas to you and your Family.
We celebrate the miracle of Christmas...featuring a $15,000,000 tax cut for Trump...
Merry Christmas President Trump & family! Thank you for taking the job & trying to clean up such a mess from previous White House leaders, I appreciate you!!! God Bless the Trump family
TWEET HERE IF YOU THINK TRUMP SUCKS AND SHOULD RESIGN NOW!
We love you and appreciate all you have done.  
Just came here to point out that President Obama, a man no longer holding office who only occasionally tweets, got 1.2 million more likes on his Christmas tweet thank you did. Everyone hates you. Sad.

Wao..
Go away
Merry Christmas to you and your family,Mr Presidant !! God bless you and your dears !Thank you for this wonderful Christmas Video a lot!
#FireAndFury
MMGG WITH CHRISTUS AND THE JEWS :HAPPY NEW YEAR WITH THE PRESIDENT TRUMP AND MELANIE-THEY WISHED THE PEACE ON CHRISTUS ALL AROUND THE WORLD AND I BELEIVE ON THEM !! HE SWEARED ON THE HOLY BIBLIE, HE IS AMERICAN, JEW AND CHRISTIAN!! GOD BLESS AMERICA AND EUROPE!!
I hate you
Happy Holidays!
Carry on with overcoming Obama shortcomings
It can't be a Merry Christmas for you. #Baron is nowhere in sight. He must really hate you or he's really not your kid. That's why Melania keeps him away from you....
Imbecile
Thank You for allowing us to say Happy Holidays again!
Were we not allowed to say it before ? 
Thank you, Mr. President.
Great message! Merry Christmas to one and all
Ugh what a wasted presidency!! #Resist
Move
Yeah Trump! MOVE! The majority of Americans don’t want you here!! #resist
@realDonaldTrumplease thank you in the name of all of us in the universe.
Babu.  Gudiyattam
PRAISE the Lord!!!Thank you PRESIDENT TRUMP and our BEAUTIFUL FIRST LADY
So beautiful love all the decorations 
Thank you so much president trump
I've never seen a president have to make so many commercials on himself.  You really are a reality tv person aren't you?  And gosh darn it people love me 
Merry Christmas !
Obama was never trustworthy. Like, if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Also health Insurance will be much cheaper under my plan.
You should take up knitting
Holy Spirit bless u Christ Jesus bless you soo much amen.

كل تبن بس ، لعنة الله عليك لي يوم الدين
I love America
Your poor wife and youngest son. I feel so sorry for them.
Or u going 2 keep lie n to GOD and the WORLD
@POTUS
Thank you! Stay safe! Thank you for all you do!!
Save the contracts workers in the iraqi ministry of electricity
Merry piss off!
Merry Christmas! https://youtu.be/B0EyBOHfORg 
Thank u president Trump. MAGA!

Merry Christmas 
What a miserable, unhappy pair
Go fuck yourself! You sully the very words ‘Merry Christmas ‘
Obama had 1.3m like his family’s Christmas tweet. Yours only had 199
Is Ivanka blinking in Morse? G-E-T-M-E-A-W-A-Y-F-R-O-M-T-H-I-S-L-O-S-E-R-P-O-S ...
Marry Christmas to you and your family President Trump
Divorce this horrible person.
No thank you  we haven’t missed a thing your lies are disturbing and would rather you stay off of my tweets
Merry Resistance and Happy Blue Year!
Merry Christmas to u Mr.President
Happy Kwanzaa!!!
Merry Crisis
北极星
@Polaris198211
大陸人民高喊 「打倒共產黨」！ 高喊「共產黨下台！」 要革命推翻共產黨！ https://youtu.be/vmHEd_u5svM   来自 @YouTube
共产党的末日就要到来，众神与众生都要起来反抗这（邪教政权），现在还有谁想要和其合作？将来必遭天谴。
Thank you for everything you are doing for America Pres. Trump!

Love our First Lady !!! We are guso lucky!
Her beautt
Melania- blink twice if you need help
Not to you eshoul.
Two narcissists personified
HA!
"It’s so cold in DC Melania is actually cuddling up to Trump"!    
                                                                          ~ Lisa Martin

it looks like a hostage video... or someone hasn't been able to go to the bathroom in a really long time! 
Now say what you really mean, scum!!
Yikes
It’s just unreal to me how you bankrupt the American people and working class.
More looking forward to the Happy New Year part, when you'll be history!
donnie, how many people in you "great" America are uttering the name "Jesus" because they need help just to put food on the table while you and your trump family swim in billions of dollars much of it to be now gotten through the ridiculous tax bill that provides you even more?
You really are an insufferable squished up sandwich
you trump cracker
Happy New Year @realDonaldTrump, wishing you well is wishing a bright future to America
Looks like Ivanka got a hold of it and cheaped it out.
Hello sir
Merry CHRISTmas! We love you Trump family
Merry Christmas & Happy NY! Praying for yous! God Bless & MAGA!
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia
https://twitter.com/dovesrose5/status/945143144416464896 …
God blees all family ,trump
Thanks! My birthday too!
You even lie about golfing at your own golf club. I can only imagine how many strokes you shave off your real score. Maybe you should try bowling.
Tackiest couple ever. White House will need to be fumigated. @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump
Msorry Christmas , awesome video,  blessings  a lot, a great man President  Mr.Trump  and the First Ladie Melanie  Trump. With all my hearth.
Merry Christmas  not Msorry that is wrong, I don't  write M sorry, my apologies about it.
merry vain but your wife not.why
Why are Trump supporters more offended by 
“Happy Holidays”
than by
“Grab 'em by the Pussy”
The best First Family ever! White House is a power house finally because of the Trump Family!  Thanks for the extra Money, Stock Market and real change for the better!  Bless You!!
Thank you for putting Our Lord back in Christmas at the Whitehouse!  Merry Christmas!
You to trump
Happy yule!  Happy holidays! Joyous Kwanzaa! Happy Hannaka!
BREAKING NEWS! President Barack Obama has been named the "The Most Admired" man in America for the tenth year in a row. Well deserved! CONGRATULATIONS, Obama!
Thank you
i think the best christmas gift i received was seeing you embarrass yourself all year long.
Finally we can all say it!
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY, TOO.
please, before you cut the magnolia, ask if you have a good Mississippi gardener, maybe you know how to heal it   
All I wanted for Christmas was the separation of church and state.
HAPPY NEW YEARS
God bless you and your loved ones too. The video was beautiful! Thank you .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxu8uf8QCPU …
