Don’t forget Puerto Rico
Not sure where she omitted any city, state, or territory that was effected by the hurricane season... seems like you’re reading into this post and trying to make it a political issue.
It is a political issue. Do what you are supposed to!!
Which is why she’s calling for help from all of us to take the burrden off the government’s spending to help all of those effected. Not just Texas like everyone is trying to make this out to be.
How about her husband stop golfing every weekend and take THAT financial burden off the government in order that monies can be allocated to emergency services to help the people he's been elected to serve?!
Because BO never golfed or MO never took an entourage all over the world. Hypocrit.
Sage advice from our favorite soft core porn model.
Pay ur taxes then! 
Does that include Puerto Rico or are you continuing to ignore them?
বায়তুল মোকাদ্দাস মুলমানদের প্রথম কেবলা। মুসলমানদের পবিত্র ভুমি মোকাদ্দাসকে অবৈধ ইহুদিবাদী ইসরাইলের সাম্রাজ্যজ্যবাদীরা।ট্রাম্প কর্তৃক জেরুজালেমকে ইসরাইলের রাজধানী হিসেবে স্বীকৃতি দেয়া।এই অবস্থায় কোন মুসলমানের নিরব থাকা নয়। তাই জেরুজালেম রক্ষায় মুসলিম উম্মাহকে ঐক্যবদ্ধ হতে হবে
what about Puerto Rico - your husband has forgotten them because they are not WHITE enough for him. @SecondLady
She always looks so happy when she is not with her husband.
Apparently that's what you want to believe...
Good one
Here's a thought FLOTUS, maybe the support should come from the White House? The Mar a Lago budget would be a start. That would be a nice start to rebuilding hurricane damage.
We could have used the money @POTUS wastes on vacations and golfing every weekend!
Thank you @Flotus and @SecondLady ! You are two very special ladies leading by example.
Those of us who live in Texas will be fine. What about the people of Puerto Rico? What is the administration doing to help them? They need the help more than we do.
Tell ya bed partner......he has no idea!
Thank you Our Awesome 1st Lady.  May God bless you and President Trump in ALL things. Thank you for all you do.
Where IS Your OLD Husband on this Anyway, Ms. FLOTIS?
American Citizens of Puerto Rico are STILL DYING from a Mad Lady "Called" Maria!
Computerization proceeds. IBM is said to be a devil's company. What's wrong with convenience? I want you to read.
https://www.amazon.co.jp/dp/4760121587/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_tai_VIwlAb3HBN69H …
Oh for crying out loud! We have a tax payer funded system in place. It's called FEMA. The travesty is because your husband refuses to do his job and congress wants billionaires like you to pay less. Our donations can only go so far! #DoYourJob
What about California or the Northwest, devastated by wildfires?!
Can you explain this to your husband please?
What? Your husband could be helping victims, and cherry picks who he bothers with. Talk to him about Puerto Rico - let him know they are Americans. And get him to the doctor. I know he’s old, but he’s completely losing his marbles.
Thank you Melania.  So refreshing to see one member of your family thinking of others!!  Thank you
Put YOUR MONEY where your mouth is!
@tamcat186 you must truly be a miserable person; and why follow someone you obviously dislike. Seek help!
Dear Melania, donate the cost of one of your coats or dresses to the hurricane victims directly instead of just talking about and doing photo ops.
FYI the Trumps donated 1 million of their own money to hurricane victims
Got the receipts?  Wouldn't trust it other wise.
What will you and your Billionaire family be giving to the hurricane victims.  Start at home honey!
Don't forget about Puerto Rico and the USVI.
BEST FIRST LADY EVER
barf
Christmas blessings! Pray for and try to help those in need. We all can do some act of good will for our fellow human beings. What a beautiful First Lady she is through and through!
Love the card this year
You are being extremely rude and way too triggered.  Melania's among our greatest First Ladies. Word to the wise:  She's been suing people and news sources who defame her and she hasn't lost a single case yet:  https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10214897863781163&set=a.1646081352957.2090556.1264592706&type=3&theater …
Define greatest. Provide sources.
You mean like not being racist?
Is that the bar now?
Right greatest huh? What exactly has she done? Hides in the WH. Not holding up her promise of Internet bullies ( her husband & step kids still doing it) decorated the white house in white lights, umm oh ya there's those speeches she stole from Michelle. Yep greatest
As a show of good faith, why don't you give a percentage of the $K you spend on single fashion items? Give our Tax Paid Dollars.
Seeing their wonderful family we knew what we wonderful people they are.  Love breeds happi ness.
Puerto Rico needs help more
Melania TRUMP 
#GodBlessAmerica
Many of those still feeling the effects of hurricane season do so precisely because Donald Trump didn't do his job. Your husband has blood on his incompetent hands.
Replying to northierthanth...
you ARE WATCHING TO MUCH cnn FAKE NEWS 
IS TIME TO LISTEN TO THE REAL !!!
NEWS AT ALL TIMES !
RESPECT OUR GREATEST !
PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP 
THIS IS AN ORDER 
Idiot.
 RESPECT OUR !
 PRESIDENT  DONALD J. Trump 
 AT ALL TIMES 
GOD BLESS YOU !
 ALWAYS 
Millions of us will soon have no money to give - @realDonaldTrump is working hard to make sure it all gets funneled to the super-wealthy. We'll soon have no health coverage either.
That’s just because you aren’t taking personal responsibility for yourself
May you never meet all the #widows & #fatherless kids in America struggling, trying their best to barely make it. Civilian & military families alike. These are the forgotten women & children who we are called to help in distress.
Furthermore I work consistently with those charities in my county because I’ve Marines who have died and have participated in funerals and have seen the struggle. I’m not exactly sure what that has to do with cutting Obama care or tax reform
Can you define “personal responsibility” for me? The term gets tossed around but it isn’t clear what that means exactly? Like do I need to live on a farm and grow my own food, dig my own well, drill for resources, go to medical school to treat myself and family?
The way I was raised,  it means getting a job and taking care of myself and my family. My parents married very young, had 4 children before they were 25, bought a  home  and were not from wealthy families. My father worked several jobs & NEVER asked for a single handout.  Try it!
“From Russia with Love” 

Seriously why do you only have 4 followers? No pic? 

Cool story though, was this in the 50’s, and by 50’s I mean 1850’s?
She is very likely working and doesn’t have time to build a list of friends to tweet.  The world would be a better place with self sufficient people.  Not those that feel they are entitled.
Uh, how about your poor excuse of a husband and man do something to help.

The effects of the last Presidential election are still being felt & citizens need your help.  As Christmas & the New Year approach, I encourage you to lend your time volunteering to doing whatever is needed to get your husband to resign.
The feeling of the last Presidential Election is super great !!  YES!   God Bless our President Trump
Are you a smart woman? Are you a Dumb Woman?  Or do you simply not care about the truth?  This one picture tells the complete Fraud at the Sandy Hook on Dec 14, 2012 or whatever date they took this picture. What is wrong with this image?
We donated two trailers full of commercial furniture to help businesses get back on their feet thank you @MELANIATRUMP  you have a good heart and my wife Aidan Hines looks up to you keep it up your the best FLOTUS I have seen in my days.
What makes her the best? Any specifics?
Your wife looks up to a porn-star??  Wow!!
You wish you can have a girl as pretty as a model buy you can't, that is why you talk crap on boss people like Trump and I who have beautiful women, daughters and wive while yours are all beat. BTW idiot she ws a model not a porn star. @FLOTUS @therealDonaldTrump  @foxandfriends
Brandon, you are a brave patriot!  Remind me what Branch of the Military did you served in????????????????????????????????????
Got my answer. Blocking ur dumb a$$.
I'm sure this person knows all about philanthropy.....
Yup, totally has your back. 
You must be one of those people that own a private jet and a golf course....
I’m no Canadian but lived there for 12 years I liked it there. Healthcare was great  wish the US would get there shit together like Canada does everyone gets the same healthcare and pays the same taxes rich or poor
They forget to mention there are ONLY about 36 million in Canada, compared to 321 million "LEGAL" Americans, 1/2 of which are on some kind of government assistance.
Are you actually saying that there's 160 million people on social assistance? I'm calling bullshit on that one....
Welcome Präsident trump
My contect 
03331363939

Puerto Rico is still without power but you and your husband @POTUS are on vacation every weekend!!!
Your husband likes it "stormy" doesnt he?
WHY WONT YOUR NAZI HUSBAND  HELP??!  ITS HIS JOB 


Yeah I’m love
Then why aren't you in #PuertoRico?
Shouldn’t Puerto Rico try and help themselves first before their politicians give themselves millions in raises
You’re kidding, right?
You have done more than the Obama administration for people in trouble, God bless you and your family
Please provide specific details to back up your assertion.
Obama was golfing during Louisiana flood - fact
Trump hasn't done anything for Puerto Rico. And didn't Trump golf through every weekend?
Puerto Rico governor already said Trump helped them to the best extent, its the corrupt mayor who made truckers boycott so aid cannot b delivered, but then why will u care abt facts? Also Puerto Rico govt just gave 100 million $ in bonus to its employees when the ppl r suffering
Wrong, president Obama wasn't golfing during the flooding. The governor was kissing up to Drumpf to score points .
Another joker with 11 followers, how much is DNC paying u?
What did you do to help Prissy?
Love you

Did you give this same message to your husband, you know they guy who could be providing the most help? Instead of letting them drink poisoned water?


this is a real First Lady she gets it done helping America a wife a mom and leading ladies in everyday life as a role model
The best FLOTUS ever. Greetings from Slovenia.
 
                                                                                               .
WTF has she done. Please! Lol
How many foreign languages do you speak Kathryn ?
she could speak ten languages and be a morally vacant bitch. How many times does someone have to ask you a question?
You Joined tw on  October 2015 and have 17 followers ? You have to be a pearl and hate hurts you. You're going to get sick.
I see you have no answer, because she is a racist, vacant shell of a human being. Nothing to praise her for at all.
I’m glad you understand.

Hey Drew
Millions of Texans thank you!
Do they? An unverified person with 4K followers speaks for millions of Texans?
I own more real estate in Texas then you. I know when people have been hoodwinked. I don’t like morons like you with your Jesus and bullshit decimating the environment, taking away healthcare and women’s rights, or voting for a child predator. Fuck you.
I own single family homes. Provide affordable housing. It’s kinda my thing.
Yeah right. You’re an organic farm owner? And you’re a fucking Republican? What an oxymoron that is. Hahahaha
So glad your the First Lady. Your remarkable and do great things.
How about getting hubby to pay attention to Puerto Rico?
How about telling the officials in charge down in PR not to give themselves millions in bonuses
Jake your right if the dems in or hadn't given most of the supplies to there friends maybe the pr people might get something
I have to say u realky shouldnt b in our white house. This isnt russia. Its wrong
I encourage your husband to stop counting people at his rallies and go visit these areas, send money, food, water and supplies. That's what he's there for. He's the one who's supposed to lend financial support. You don't get this "President thing", do you?
Would have been better if your sexual assaulter, cheater husband had sent more help for Pueto Rico!  Their Christmas will still be without lights!  Shameful!! Disgusting!! #ImpeachTrump
Puerto Rico. Do more.
I encourage you and your husband to spend some time volunteering and providing help to those in need. And you can ask all of your rich friends to help out, too.
Ya watch that space !!!!
Hahaha

Thank you Mrs Trump for keeping the suffering people in your thoughts, prayers and action.

Melania..Why dont you get out there and volunteer?? Rather than living in your prison tower?
Where are you going to volunteer, my dear Lady?
@FLOTUS  been reading @MichelleObama scripted speeches lately...
#MAGA FLOTUS #1 you go Mrs. T.
Over a million Americans in Puerto Rico are still without power......
Your husband is tweeting about his TV habits.

Merry Christmas
What a classy First Lady,  and second lady!!!
Trump has done more for our country then your precious Obama.......I'm sure y'all don't work 7 days a week...if you work at all.......cry babies

What about Puerto Rico?
A little boy in Knoxville Tennessee needs your help.  He is being bullied shamelessly.  Please use this site to object to all the bullying that is going on at this school.  I know this cause is dear to your heart.  Please write something about bullying.

Why don't Trump help.
Lovely Ladies!  Thank you!
Lucky for those in need your man Donald is crafting a gigantic tax cut for billionaires and multi-national corporations while cutting social programs for the poor, elderly and students.  We can tell you care deeply.
Please help the people of Puerto Rico
Ok....

May GOD bless the Work of your hands!!!!

🕆🕆🕆

"Blessed is he who considers the poor..."
~Psalm 41:1
Melania,
I have lived in Washington most of my life, I am so proud to have you as our @FLOTUS.  #lovingfamily
What are you doing,?   Where work you spend the day?  A joke.  Married to that 
She is Proud of American People . hahahaha Shame Voters who Voted for a Porn Star to Become Thier so called First Lady
I could throw out some rolls of paper towels or toilet paper.  Let me know  whether Big Mac has it covered
What are you and POTUS45 doing personally to ensure that the people in Puerto Rico & the Virgin Islands recover from the hurricane.  Please ensure Americans that it is more than a false promise to act.
the whole should be doing more for p Rico
(link: https://youtu.be/p1wpUMLr-44 )
#thoughtsandprayers

Please R/T - #accusers should be trending... https://twitter.com/johnlundin/status/940262337629564929 …
Mrs Trump you should have some control of your hubby.Things are getting serious in this country, we need a president not a dictator .
Your no help.  You married the problem. If you're son needs a babysitter, call Roy Moore babysitting service free for those who are 15 and younger. 

Tell hubby to stop spending US tax dollars to go play at his resorts and maybe our government can do their job and help people in US and US territories. Unless he plans to speak with the president of US Virgin Islands again. 
Genocide in southern Cameroons by dictator Paul Biya.. Stop him now
Merry Christmas & God Bless you!!! You have reset the bar for First Ladies far above all the rest. Always be of good courage.
You're a billionaire. Pony up
#Melania
And you ask for volunteers for the hurricane areas? What Christmas do you think they are going to have, while the White House is stuffed with how many holiday trees?? So transparent!
Why don’t you and your husband go help out!
 
Especially Puerto Rico would be nice if your husband helped them like he did in Texas
Cut off illegal immigrants of all kind stop paying for everything and take care of Americans that are struggling. Maybe Americans won't be in such need. But by all means listen too our First and Second ladies.
Thank you darling lady.
Russian and Russia connection tax returns traitor treason
So are you going to spend Christmas in Porto Rico in half a house with no power.
How much PERSONAL financial support have you provided?  Tell us, please!
We need all soul's a life Mr,president
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @foxnation @foxandfriends what a dumb propaganda photo op.

You haven't even helped Puerto Rico!
How's Puerto Rico doing?
Help
Very good job.  Nice trousers،
Two lovely ladies, Karen Pence and Melania Trump. Doing well together!
Where did that million your husband promised to Harvry victims go?   What about Florida and Puerto Rico?  We can follow his example and say mean things and throw paper towels.   Kids learn by example.  How are they supposed to look up to a greedy self proclaimed “pussy grabber"?
Why can’t all of you Trump haters get real? That man was a billionaire LONG before he ever was the President. Period
Dear @Flotus...would you please follow me on here?! It would make me feel so proud!
How about calling the President of Puerto Rico or the President of the Virgin Islands.  I'm sure they would help 'yugely' and 'bigly'
What about those impacted by the fires in California? Why doesn’t California count?
We don’t want to read your husbands tweets we don’t want you to tweet either
How about a few less golf trips and donate that tax money to the relief efforts!!
Checkg g lo k.. m 22nd o
Give your money then.
What about Puerto Rico??
Have you said this to Donald?
Will you return to being an ESCORT after either Donald dies or he returns to NYC?
What are you doing and how much are you giving-- it will be another 5 million holiday for you all that's sick
How much has the Trump Dynasty given?
Please, have the decency to observe some judicious silence on a tragic situation which has not been helped st all by the Government.
What are you talking about
Hi Joe, It was not  intended for you.
Our church is helping a whole community. Their neighborhood is now prime real estate and their offers from FEMA averaged $4,000. They're living in horrible conditions. I hope you will look into this.
Yeah Hurricane Trump.
Melania so beautiful.
focus on what the Mr Trump's upto, he's distroying the world !!
Meanwhile SNL is mocking her for Christmas decoration....
السيدة الاولى في امريكا في قلب الحدث بالمساندة والدعم والمواساة .. تحية تقدير وتنويه
Can you encourage @POTUS and Congress to release the $ they earmarked for Hurricane relief?  That would be a big help.
https://www.gofundme.com/4rkfvps 
Puerto Rico still needs the help of our leadership
Önce bunu bir tıkla @FLOTUS'cığım 
https://twitter.com/M_Hz_As/status/940213459937124353 … Aferin. Şimdi bunu tıkla
https://twitter.com/M_Mesut_M/status/867717734729228292 …
(Fatih Yıldız'dan ses çıkmazsa @mrubin1971'e "Seni boşuna na mı besliyoruz ulan yavşak?" diye ÇIKIŞ, it azarlar gibi azarla onu)
Thanks for all you do for those who need it the most! God Blessings in CHRIST Jesus the reason for the Season!
So, I guess tRUMP didn't get anything done after all. Not surprising, SAD.
Yes, especially Puerto Rico
But your dumb ass Husband still gives himself an A+ for his response to Puerto Rico.   But you probably forgot about Puerto Rico yourself.
@MELANIATRUMP  @FLOTUS what about Puerto Rico it is part of USA TOO
MICHELLE DIE AND DONT LIVE SIKE BYE
It's a video and she's doing something good. Give her credit for going out and trying to help others instead of talking about her marriage and if she's happy. Her video literally had nothing to do with her marriage. Keep going First Lady Melania Trump!!!
I encourage you to continue to encourage the ultra wealthy families to do the right thing
Thank you for reminding Americans of this very stark reality!
Безродный пес путин блокирует компьютер и передать файлы не удается и вовсю обкрадывают  мою учетную запись почти все подарочные сертификаты деньги используя яндекс деньги под руководством главной ФэСБешной суки АБортникова которую под купила судья Назрановского района и тд
Но это пустяки сделаем через два дня. чем пукин глубже уходит он путается и загоняет себя в сеть откуда выкрутится не удастся
