GOOD LUCK DEALING WITH BREAST CANCER IF TRUMP TAKES YOUR HEALTH CARE AWAY.
I was diagnosed 10yrs ago in my 30’s. Had to fly back to Italy to get care. Mr Trump was not President then. Thank you. And please quiet.
1/2 Basically, my humble point was this: ACA is a failure.POTUS has not stripped anything that is worth keeping YET. I KNOW what “socialized
Yes! Exactly. ACA is NOT socialized medicine. I wouldn’t even not what to call it. Cuz affordable it is not 
“Took advantage”? I ll have you know that all the years I lived in Italy and paid taxes there to the tune of approx 54%, kinda “covered” me
What if I don't have insurance to go talk to my doctor? What if my doctor is at Planned Parenthood? Things aren't that simple out here!
Planned parenthood does not offer these services. I have called to compare pricing. Abortion services or birth control ONLY.
Not true, don't spread your lies about Planned Parenthood. They do offer Cancer screenings & Breast Exams #ImpeachTrumpNow
When people say "defund Planned Parenthood" what they really mean is "poor women don't get to have pap smears and mammograms."
PP doesn't do mammograms! Donated hundreds of thousands dollars to political campaigns, apparently they don't need funding!
I think this Fake News your fearless leader always talks about. Alternative Facts! #PlannedParentHood
Someone should put you in a box floatin’ down the river, grandma.
Like Moses?

No comparison!
TRUTH!
 THANK YOU @FLOTUS FOR EVERYTHING YOU ARE DOING GO HELP @POTUS TO #MAGA. WE LOVE & APPRECIATE YOU!!!
She needs more of these words of encouragement since media wishes to attack our classy hard working @FLOUS.
Most haters are on FLOTUS site w u trolls. In Europe, nudity NOT a big deal. People topless EVERYWHERE even newspapers.  Perfect body tho!!
YOU'RE A FREAK BLOCKING.  Adios pervert who spends his loser days filled w/ posting nude pics. Sick fetish or ANGRY bcuz u can't get chicks?
Did everyone notice it is Democrat voting Directors and Actors molesting and raping women.. Power hungry and controlling Democrats.. Democrats are a true Social Disease @realDonaldTrump
A lot more women would have that option if we invested in their health insurance with the #ACA
I'm a 12yr Survivor of Breast Cancer. I had it at 40 and a Long Family w/it, but we don't have the Cancer Gene. Drs said it's just a mystery
Thank you for all your work #FLOTUS !
It's also rescue a hostage prostitute month. Just say the word and we'll do what we can to free you #FLOTUS.
@FLOTUS your husband is starting a war. Can you go take his phone? Thank you #trumpTrainWreck #tweetwar #noKorea
Idiot liberal
WITH WHAT? @realDonaldTrump GUTTED ACA ON PURPOSE AND WANTS US TO DIE WITH HIS TRUMP DEATHCARE SO YOU RICH PEOPLE CAN GET TAX CUTS!
We love you so much Melania!
Ha ha I know after this picture she went to go wash her hands with acid.... 
And yet, the insurance companies will treat breast cancer as a pre-existing condition, and under the replican plan, we will die. Cruel.
Melania. Please remind our President that he has the right to comindere the goods already in the area of Puerto Rico. Wal-Mart & Containers.
If there's any one that should know about boobs, it's the dump family. They've all paid enough for them. And you've made a ton off yours.
My insurance wont pay $100  for genetic test 2 see if I have the gene. My mom had brst cancer my daughter test+for gene & had dbl masectomy
What happens when insurance won't cover the preexisting condition of breast cancer
CAUTION! 
Drs will recommend cutting off your breasts when you don't have breast cancer,usually as unnecessary as vaccines. Do research!
That is not true nor is it the standard of care.   The decision to do a double mastectomy is multifaceted.  Genetics, family history, lymph node status to name a few.  Conservative options are often tried first.  This also has nothing to do with vaccines.  Research fail.
Thank you for your opinions.
That was not an opinion. It is a fact. The surgeon went conservative, it didn’t work. They aren’t removing my breasts for the heck of it.They are doing it for my survival.  YOUR opinion is dangerous & minimizes the fight of every cancer patient.
Tiffany,I'm a breast cancer survivor & would not have the audacity to minimize the fight.But I also stand for truth. I'm warning those who do not have breast cancer to be weary of getting unnecessary surgery.I feel deeply for what you're going through. It changes you. I will pray
FYI,I don’t think u minimized it. My issue was with “the truth”.  I’d love to have a discussion...off the public forum.  I’m lucky my docs are fantastic.
Can you tell your husband to stop trying to start WWIII? Please let him know that his tweets upset people and scare us.
Well little girl, run go hide in your safe space with a Blankey
Are you planning to help out with the medical expenses that @POTUS and @GOP have forced to increase?
Yeah. Yours. 
Be right there!
I just did. Sunday dinner.

My first lady
#BreastCancerAwareness #Pinkribbon #fightcancer #prevention
Russian and Russia connection tax returns traitor,!
So are mammograms going to free and accessible everybody?
Do you expect doctors to work for free?
No of course not, but much preventative care does not have a copay under ACA more people had procedures, shots..cheaper in the longer run.
Awesome FLOTUS! A patriot, smart, sexy! Billion times better than the bloated fanged simian MOOCHelle!
Keep up the great work.
Who writes your tweets
@MELANIATRUMP  WHY are you retweeting OLD tweets?!
Ms FLOTUS, what about National bullying Awareness month. By the way whatever you do please start with your husband Trump
@RealLouisCarter
October is ALSO Liver Cancer Awareness Month. Thank you for recognizing breast cancer but please don't forget about liver cancer, too!
Can't afford it. Can't afford my health problems I have. My mom is dying from breast cancer and it's expensive for her WITH insurance. If I get it, I die much faster. #healthcareforall #stopthegenocideofchronicallyill
Thanks Mama @FLOTUS for caring enough to remind us
#breastcancerawareness 
is life! #MAGA
I did not know that. 12.5% of females...
You know what really helps ppl detect breast cancer early? Affordable/Free screening. Can’t believe you have the gall to tweet this.
I have offered many times to do it for free.

Of course I'm not a doctor. But, I've never let a little thing like that hold me back!

A box with a x in it? My phone doesn't pick up some emotes
Eye roll 
Ah!
#Obama wasn't interested in #universalhealthcare for #USA - so wet to keep blaming #trump
You've GOT to be aware of what he's #tweeting right now. He's on a roll and it ain't Cute-or nice. You're right by him #SHUTHIMDOWNGIRL
Po wittle snowflake.  Grow a pair!!!
Cancer preventative avoid GMO eat organic
...before getting implants
Thank you FLOTUS Melania!  I'm a breast cancer survivor, found on my annual screening mammography!
I love @FLOTUS ... whenever @realDonaldTrump is in town, he lets me take seconds. I don't mind the mess because i've always kind of been a cuck.
Jesus Christ wouldn't be allowed into US under this administration. Doesn't have the perigee, skills or money for Trumpty & his was poor.

What a great looking couple
While we're at it, can your husband's doctor help with his "cancer on the presidency?" #TrumpRussia
If you were not so sick you would see the good he has already done and still doing
Your husband wants to get rid of @PPact where we can get screened for breast cancer. #PlannedParenthood #IStandWithPP
Best 

First Lady 

Ever 

#MAGA
Bots in Macedonia still collecting Purim checks I see

@HisLoveEvang goin for third biopsy this month. Get yourself checked.. it could save your life.
You will be in my prayers
thank you...I will take comfort in you kindness and prayers
Thank you Melania
First Ornament that's why #IStandWithPP why did gop do nothing abt funding for community health centers & #CHIP ur out of touch #hypocrite
Healthy living works well. I focus on nutrition, exercise, sleep/rest, avoiding toxins, attitude and chiropractic care to promote health!
Then u r blessed.But don't be so quick2think it won't happen to u. Every woman I saw getting IV chemo was @ heathy weight one was 15 yrs old
Melania just want to let you know that women don't need you to remind us of the obvious. Come up with something original!
ya we do quit picking on her October is breast cancer awareness so EVERYONE is reminding woman quit being so petty
wow I don't swear or go to gutter but I might add you are not a nice person and what a potty mouth u represent ur party
I use my freedom of speech. Sign of intelligence. You know nothing about me.
Tell your Husband please to stop being so crazy with Puerto Rico tragedy and with dealing with North Korea!
Nobody wants a Nuclear War!!
Obamacare took my money for insurance cant afford to see doc
That’s the first decent thing you said since you’ve walked through the door congratulations

Please talk to your husband about early resigning.
Who wrote this for you?
Oh go away!
Think about all the patients who will lose their coverage under the bills your husband supports. Your tweet means nothing.
Nobody's going to have insurance to cover it
Go get “your “breast checked Flotus we don’t need” you “to tell us anything tell your bully to resign
Talk to your spouse about bullying women and world leaders. You have bigger fish to fry than breast cancer awareness!  Get real.
Thank you Flotus!!
Ya like we can afford that???
Can't do that without hospitals and power or phone lines in Puerto Rico. What do you suggest?

Twenty plus years breast cancer survivor! God is great! Please be aware! Early detection can save your life!
MASS SHOOTING in LAS VEGAS!!!

Yeah!! You nailed appropriate footwear on #island in #big water But white pants! Really ? White?!
¡hipócritas!
Why don't you talk to your sick husband, or is that a lie too. #useless
Quick before @POTUS  takes away your health insurance.
Thank you! For your support Smiles,
Carlie Gintoli- MsFlorida America
It's INTERNATIONAL BC awareness month. #getyourfactsstraight
It is also Down Syndrome month. Politicians could learn from these special people.  And the haters out there.
Please don’t be complicit in ripping healthcare away from millions of women and they will.
Isn't that what Medicade is for? I'm Canadian, but that's how I've been told it works. Either option is better than no option.
Prevention is better than cure. So Govt take proper steps to prevention. Public are like students need to care always my experience
@POTUS can we finally ban the civilian possession of assault rifles and other weapons of mass murder??? This is a ridiculous cycle!
So very important, us girls need to stick together
God. You lost yourself. Divorce him.
Thanks for tip. At any time ur mental health is compromised due to @POTUS and his risky politics, don’t wait for a specific month. Seek help
I'm surprised that @realDonaldTrump hasn't said he likes women with real breasts yet.
Everyone knows #TrumpIsLoyalToRussia
please talk to trump de dump a lump about the better cheep  health care now a tax cut for the rich low and middle income cut a joke ?????
SELF EXAM ALSO IMPORTANT. I found 2 cm lump. Aggressive brst cancer (TNBC). Only four mos past due 4 mammo. That is how fast it can happen!
MY WIFE HAS BREAST CANCER FLOTUS SHE HAD CHEMO AND PROTON RAD THERAPY ALREADY SHE IS A NURSE AT VA,AND LOVES HER VETS STILL WENT TO WORK TO
Thank God for Obama care
I heard that breast cancer is really expensive maybe your husband shouldn't try to take away people's healthcare
Why not talk about sex trafficking too! As a porn pro u should know a lot about the biz!!
Great reminder-God bless you @FLOTUS
What can you do @FLOTUS,  so all thoose who trusted OCA still have a doctor to ask...?
I know you wisely will act...
اسلام

https://youtu.be/Q9qmO68uMl0 
https://youtu.be/5Uc1pPsKt_s   PLEASE WATCH AND SPREAD THIS THANK YOU
I have lumps but no one will run tests cuz its possible related to my pregnancy runs thick in my family just to scared to kno i guess
Yes Mrs First Lady,Been a few years will do Gods Richest Blessings upon you and Your Family We Love  Ya
it is also respect life month!
Deport her now
RT @FLOTUS: Oct is Natl Breast Cancer Awarenizz Month. Please rap..
You are the best of trump. Don't change.
We can't. NONE OF US HAVE HEALTHCARE ANYMORE (not your fault, but true nevertheless).
Thanks you very much. 
It's very dangerous.
Must care about it.
This oct everyone should checkup abut it.
And to all the haters. 
Get over it.
 She still your first lady.
No way.  She's a joke.
If your husbands ego wins, breast cancer wins!

If only Health care covered Mammograms.
@POTUS Thank you so much FLOTUS for awareness to Breast Cancer. I'm a 5 yr survivor. God Bless you for your work as First Lady.
Thank you for your support and keeping breast cancer in the minds of us all
What doctor?  I got canceled b'cuz I made over 16000 over my 950 retirement income.
Thank you #FLOTUS. You doing so good as our first lady. You make us proud.
Oct is Natl Breast Cancer Awareness Month.  Please talk to your doctor about early detection & reducing your risk. #BreastCancerAwareness
Thank you melania
I was diagnosed 5 yrs ago. My OB/GYN sent letter in middle of treatment he won’t accept INS. Only Cash as Concierge Dr Obamacare just passed
GOOD job
You did nothing to #SaveCHIP today
https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/910918805257306112 …
https://twitter.com/EdanClay/status/910899313756311553 …
https://twitter.com/ifuaskmee/status/913902393728884736 …
Who's financially funding white nationalists? We found out – and there's more money in it than you realize. 
Stop sucking up with your innocuous tweets
So...How's your cyberbullying program coming along?
How? By enrolling in Repeal and Replace?
Assuming you have a doctor to speak too.....
Can't....my healthcare coverage is being decimated by that orange orangatang!
Please tell hubby to save America and resign. You know what an awful person he is.
Must suck if a woman doesn't have health insurance like you do.
Thank you First Lady!
Thank god I have ACA insurance to cover this!
hypocritical to fake your concern for others' health, then stand behind your husband who is trying to deny health care for millions
Yes! Thank u Flotus!
Does your husband know you are more popular than him? Asking for a friend
Ut.oh...
We don't have health care. Thanks to your hubby
I rushed to get my surgery done because I was afraid of losing my coverage.Melania, do u stay up late worrying about ur healthcare coverage?
Idiot liberal
That is why myself,my girlfriend and her mother and father relay every June in Muskegon,Michigan. I lost my grandmother to breast cancer
Please talk to your husband about not tweeting us into nuclear war
Why we are it, can you talk to Potus to stop the Balderdash tweets that might cause a very big war, something bigger than Breast Cancer? 
I normally go to Planned Parenthood for cancer testing because an OBGYN clinic charges hundreds of dollars. Why do u keep trying to defund??
She did not type this...wait @MichelleObama said this three years ago...
Thank you! I was diagnosed last September, it is a journey!
Classiest and most graceful FLOTUS ever...
With what medical! Completely or of touch!
LOL I like the tweets "thanking" the FLOTUS for all she does for us. They're comical. What does she do? What has she done?
Except for those "ingrates" in PR. They deserve cancer …if they survive long enough to rebuild the hospitals , right?
#BlinkTwiceMelania
Thank you, Melania Trump FLOTUS. you are inspiring and a blessing to all women and girls in our country and the world.
Or, for the millions without a regular provider, please go to the caring providers of family health care, @PPact
Do any of you tweeting on this string actually think FLOTUS posts her own tweet? That's her assistant's job.
To the person tweeting from @FLOTUS account: maintain some dignity and quit. Work anywhere else. The WH is a stink you’ll never wash off.

Let's start with removing fluoride and glyphosate s from our food and water.
MADNESS
How about we talk to our doctors about getting the #ImpeachTrump in the month of OCT! @SenSanders @SenWarren @ThePerezHilton @Andy
Thank you for trying to do something positive. Unfortunately, you messages are out shadowed by the rantings of @realDonaldTrump. Sad!
Tell your hubby to DO MORE than TWEET!
#Faker4MAGA #ImpeachTrumpNOW
You know admirals are still called Admiral even if they leave the sea years ago. Porn escort gold digging mail order bride mountaineer!
Talk to your husband about not taking health insurance away from millions of Americans
https://www.mediaite.com/online/chuck-schumer-describes-immigration-negotiations-at-wh-trump-said-ok-we-wont-do-the-wall/ … If this is true, let me assure you, we won't be voting for TRUMP. #ThirdPartyCandidate #Amnesty #DACA #TRUMP
And hope you have insurance...
جزاكي الله خيرا
How do you check yours....if they're fake blown up breasts??
You better hurry before they take your health care away.  God forbid you test positive!  Can you say pre-existing?
I was diagnosed 5 years ago. Thank you for this!
#SupportKurdistan
I once saw a Leftist complaining that the color pink was offensive because it referred to the color of a woman's genitalia.
Please talk to your husband about his vicious attacks on women and woman's right to choose! Do not defund Planned Parenthood.
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
Thanks. Call me. Spouse with Cancers Again.
Please switch to a whole foods plant based diet and regular exercise. Try healthcare instead of disease care.
She means while you still have insurance, which her husband will continue to try and take from you for 3 more years.
That’s funny bc I rely on PP for my breast exams and you and Don seem so intent on taking my access to care away 
It should be Chump brain day testing.He definitely needs to have his checked, that is if he has any brains.
What's the point when your husband is trying to take away our health care?
2-28-17 Newsweek: Donald Trump repealed an Obama regulation that prevented individuals with mental health conditions from buying firearms
Like you care
say no to all vaccines
Thank you for your care and kindness.
:)
My date for screening is Oct 2.  <3
