
So sorry you have dealt with nothing but attacks from the media and globalist interests. This is not the America I remember. I watch your husband trying to undo each of Alinsky's rules which the left has been working at for years. Thank you and @realDonaldTrump for everything.

https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F302724291592 …

Where can I get one or 10??
Find a T-shirt and hat company and have it monogrammed.
Melania, U R a better FLOTUS than your husband is POTUS, but we both know he's a horrible person & terrible President who's unfit 4 office. AND it appears he cheated on U with a PORN STAR! He's making a fool of U on a daily basis. U need 2 do what's best 4 U: divorce DJT!


#restart_is_the_biggest_opposition_in_iran #we_iranians_hate_mujahedin_e_khalgh
Really? Well sorry to tell you not for the US! You’re married to a lying cheat of a husband! I’m sure you’ve had plenty of STORMY WEATHER!
How dare you disrespect the first LADY! Where were your remarks about Obama and Michael? You know a perfect man or person? There isn't, we all sin! So do your uninformed research on the lying  democrats. Wld you like to hear CRAP everyday!  Your an atheist a Christian isnt nasty
What a moron you are . How dare we disrespect Melania , but you can can claim that Michelle Obama is a transvestite ? Don’t ever call yourself a Christian, please! You’re obviously a degenerate like your BLOTUS
You come off as a saint! I Don't look for naked pictures! Food for thought,everyone has a past or will continuing making one until we pass! Men talk locker room stuff if not spoke it they've thought it. Jesus died for all our sins,not one us above a sinful thought or spoken word!
I feel sorry for u if u think that kind of talk is normal, you must have some “great men “ in your life. & the ability to restrain oneself from saying everything that crosses ones mind is something most ppl master by the age of 6,apparently not trump or his supporters  tho 
It appears your husband paid off PORN STAR Stormy Daniels 2 cover up 'relationship' with her while married 2 U; more than a dozen women have accused DJT of inappropriate behaviour - what's it going 2 take 4 U 2 do what's best 4 U & country? Divorce DJT & tell Mueller EVERYTHING!
WOW, your name says it all! Saboteur. I Pray our Beautiful @FLOTUS blocked you & the rest of the spiteful people who just want to cause pain. You people are Really pitiful.
God bless you @MELANIATRUMP
You're Amazing! 
You just described her husband
Melania is a former porn star herself.  Lay down with dogs, expect to get up with fleas.
You're disgusting and spreading lies. GFYS.
oh my god.   Get out while you can.  You don’t deserve this abuse....no woman does.
But very humiliating

Your husband just jizzed
if Stormy got 100k for one night how much do you get? asking for a friend.

Felicidades
Stop making more of this photo. It is a fine photo.



Moochel had 21 assistanceHow many do you have,2?Took her mother e/where,with our money!Thy tried to keep these vacations for the next21years,friends tooPresident Trump ended tht!I dnt know why they think we owe them something. All they say is ME ME ME I ,I ,I

عجب کس خوبی هس ملینا
I bet that guy wouldn't cheat on you.

So, are you still with him for the money? You know lots of other dudes have money.... right? 

There HAS TO BE A REASON you're staying with him.  It's not LOVE either
Great year for you but how about all of the children who have been killed while your husband counts the money the NRA, among many others, is bribing him with. Your clan lacks any honor at all. You should take the Oozing Orange Pustule and all of his offspring back to Russia where
Wonder how much she’s getting paid to stay?
Last known photo of first lady smiling showing happiness since her cheating husband took office playing her for a fool with several high-paying prostitutes call girls models how does it feel to be played wife number 3
Deja a ese sucio..y ven a vivir conmigo..
Do you know the definition of hypocrisy?
This is not YOUR country. I feel for you.

Dear Melania Trump. I am 63 years old. You are the most beautiful, gracious and refined First Lady of my  life time. You are a woman of class and dignity. Please do not ever become disheartened or discouraged by those hateful shallow others. Proud to call you ours!.
Right on, “President” Can’t-keep-my-dick-in-my-pants
This is the happiest I’ve seen you, since becoming FLOTUS.  Sorry your husband is not a very nice man.   2018/2020, Vote 
You are an amazing First Lady.  Everyone loves you.  We are the lucky ones to have you.
What a beautiful smile & what respect this man is showing you! As your husband talks about helping VETs I hope you can teach him about #bullying and caring about VETs. He insults VETs all the time & that they are not heroes if caught, sad. Only time I have seen u smile in public!
He cheated on you while you were pregnant and you stay with him? That’s sad! Have some guts and leave! Otherwise you are just as bad!
Melania—LEAVE HIM NOW!! PLEASE! He is humiliating you!
If you don’t get a divorce after Trump admired to having extra marital affairs your are a fool. You deserve happiness and money won’t but it.
Will you pack your bags or are you just another Hooker?

Sounds like your husband sure enjoyed "meeting" porn stars. Life's too short, get a good divorce lawyer. No amount of money is worth enduring the humiliation this man is putting you through.
I bet you feel like a real champ, posting something like this to a woman who has absolutely nothing to do with her husband's situation. I hope someone treats you with the same "kindness" someday.
Brenda is from Canada.. not USA..furthermore sounds like she’s pent up for attention & more..! #jealousofflotus
What does it matter that she’s Canadian? They’re our strongest ally and went to war in the American debacles. Grow up.
Thank you, Melania. That awesome outfit you wore so well on the Inauguration Day was by far the most beautiful of any FLOTUS ever.
I so agree, she was absolutely stunning!
She is beautiful tragic figure betrayed just months after birthing him a handsome son and the pig dishonored her  I pray for her
While you're free to say whatever you like, I personally find your remarks not only inappropriate, but disingenuous as well.
But I’m guessing you have no problem with calling countries shitholes and talking about grabbing women by their genitals. Puhlease.
Actually I do find talking about grabbing women by their genitals  inappropriate as well. As to calling countries shitholes, I have a bigger problem w/people accepting allegations as fact. I'm not okay w/some1 using allegations & rumors to insult our @FLOTUS obviously you are.
trump cheated on his first two wives so pretty believable that he cheated on #3. Why else pay $130 in hush money? As for the shithole comment some people said he used shithouse instead. Same diff.
Trump is an idiot says John Kelly lol
You look stunning!
“Pussy got your tongue chomp?“
Wonderful moments....such as the moment your husband confirmed he fucked the porn star(s)?
Americans have no respect for your mentally ill husband because he has no respect for any of us

Our country is truly honored to have you as our First Lady.  You have restored class to this position.  America thanks you for all that you represent.
Yes, I agree. So happy for a God fearing woman in the White House.
Class and grace. So nice to have you in our White House supporting one of the best President's in my lifetime.
Step up the meds Susan

My sympathies r with u. Gotta be agonizing even being “connected” to that pig president, living with him must be nightmarish. 
Thank you for bringing and elegance and class back to the White House.
Did u look up the meaning of class?
They don’t need to look up those words when they’re code for “white.”
Neither could Michelle, but that didn’t stop her being called everything but a child of God, with most comments being directed at her race. I didn’t start this conversation about the hypocrisy of those who celebrate the presence of whiteness in the WH, but I’m all in for it.
I really hope at some point we can get back to not making everything about race. We are better then this.
You're a wee bit mean. 

I feel bad for you. Just wanted you to know. No wife should be humiliated like this.
I hope you enjoyed your Fox & Friends pre-tantrum shout out from your husband.
you light the way as we move forward today
grow it Bright through the nights
understand that your heart and compassion is one with all the heart lights faithfully being true you
Vaya al lugar donde crecen semillas de un árbol muy florido en Colombia y estas flores de un árbol argentino. Primera Dama Feliz cumpleaños.
@realDonaldTrump nothing you ever imagined when you were posing nude for magazines in your real native country, you trophy wife...
Darling- can’t you get Donny to stop lieing??? He is digging his own grave!!! STOP HIM MEL!! Love you honey- stay strong!! Hugs xx
We love you, your style, your poise, and your elegance. You are awesome
Dearest First Lady you and your husband have wonderful angel wings you are being of light   You are the homecoming. Now we jsut need the Americans to find their temples and cherish do some house keeping.  
Happy Birthday Melania. 
Classiest first lady for the US ever and that includes Jackie O
Happy Birthday! We Love you!  You are always in our prayers!
Happy Birthday Melania!
I am will be take mr trump to court for want he cause to me Melania trump 2074787336
Go home. You’re the worst first lady EVER.

his wife is suing him?
Girl, I feel so sorry for you. Leave him. You're better off without his hate. You deserve so much more.

how much do you enjoy your husband? you could be an example to all women by dumping him in front of the entire world. History books will love you instead of writing about your many humiliations.
Happy birthday Madam
Spank! @realDonaldTrump
Why are you taking Stormy's place as first lady???Immagrunt
Classy post Ray, you are a real credit to your family name. Go eat some more tide pods, and get back on the computer stooge. The world is waiting to see if you can get any dumber.
Divorce!
She only stays with Trump so she can be First Lady..everybody knows there is no love between this immigrant and Trump. Just wait how fast they divorce after that orange narcissistic douchebag's http://presidency.How  fast the next Mrs Trump will come..immigrant too ofc
Leave the actual polls in place and create an election strategy based on ongoing polls. From Mr. Jeong
And people are glad to meet a wonderful lady like you
Whatever you say Squint Eastwood.
Happy Birthday  to our FIRST LADY !!!
Happy Birthday first lady, you deserve to be treated well and with dignity and honor. No matter what,  you will be.
I don’t know u that much but happy birthday 
Happy Birthday!!!!   Many More Melania.  And thank you for everything.
Happy Birthday FLOTUS (Mrs. President)! We share the same date of Birth. But you are so much prettier than I am my lady.

Happy birthday! God bless you and give you a long life.
Happy Birthday First Lady Melania! Hope you had a wonderful day. God Bless you! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.

Happy Birthday FLOTUS!
Happy Birthday Melania!   You are the most beautiful First Lady ever inside & out.   God bless you
Happy birthday  to the beautiful First Lady!  I send you warmest wishes for a perfect day!
Happy Birthday,Melania!    You are one classy lady! We the people are proud to have you as FLOTUS! I hope you have a wonderful birthday! Sending much love  from my great state of Tennessee! #Maga #TrumpTrain

 A Very Happy & Blessed Birthday To Our Beautiful First Lady, Melania!  
#FLOTUSBirthday  ........
Happy Birthday!!
Isn't today your birthday? Happy Birthday
You are a classy lady. I had reservations at first. But I have really grown to like and admire you. Happy Birthday.
Happy birthday MelaniaHope it's one of the best- You are a breath of fresh air to our country, a perfect FLOTUSOne of the top most accomplished women in the world.
Happy Birthday! 
Happy birthday Mrs trump
Happy Birthday First Lady Melania. I really hope that you enjoy your special day.
Happy Birthday, Beautiful First Lady!
Happy Birthday to our Gracios First  Lady...
Happy Birthday First Lady!
Happy Birthday, Melania!  You are the best First Lady in my lifetime.  Thank you for all that you do to #MAGA.  We pray for you and your family's safety.  May God protect you and bless your family as we continue to fight against the forces of evil.  Together we win.
You probably won‘t read this, but: Happy Birthday to you  Wishing you strength, love and happyness. Warm regards from a  female. You are simply great  Corinne
Happy birthday you not have to be trapped in your miserable marriage with @realDonaldTrump you deserve better so many wonder man out here. Show women that you are strong enough to leave a toxic situation #FreeMelaniatrump
A very HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our amazing and wonderful @FLOTUS!!!
This has been a year filled with many wonderful moments. I’ve enjoyed the people I’ve been lucky enough to meet throughout our great country & the world!  
HELP US!!
Happy Birthday to the most elegant and beautiful FLOTUS this country has EVER had. Thank you for everything know that the Patriots have your back always.
Happy birthday melania
Happy birthday
HaY BIRTHDAY 
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday Mrs. Trump, a woman of beauty and grace. May God bless and keep you and your family.
Happy Birthday Mrs Trump!!
Happy Birthday our dearest 1st Lady best wishes and many blessings.
Happy Birthday Melania.
Grattis på födelsedagen Mrs Trump, vi älskar dig. Du är så vacker och fantastisk, ha en bra dag!
Happy Birthday First Lady Melania ! Enjoy 
Happy Birthday to a beautiful First Lady...
Happy Birthday Mrs Trump!!
Happy Birthday!
Yes happy birthday and your husband was to busy with Fox t.v. and stuffing his mouth with burgers to get you a present
But what do you get a woman who has everythong?
Please do Americans a favor put a pillow on his face and press
And a life time full of sadness & regret also
Keep up the great work Melania.
She’s done squat while in WH!  Lol
And so has Donald only thing gw did was drop Obama's executive orders. No wall, no new job nothing
She's come a long way. But whatever happened to her anti bullying campaign? I think she needs to focus on Donny boy and his hookers
The "First Lady" position has been terribly tainted during a time when women should be showing their strength, ability to communicate, and class.
Sadly Michelle Obama has been treated terribly. First African American First Lady treated like dirt by republicans.
Stay strong!  #freemelania
MELANIATRUMP mày là do thằng Bust cài vào phải không?cút đi.con http://xn--fea2c.biđĩ.bi ến.để cho usa yên đi.con đĩ.cút
Special Counsel Robert Mueller:

 A HERO
 Served in Vietnam
 Took a bullet in his leg while saving his fellow men
 After being shot, he continued to save more lives
 After recovering, he refused to go home, instead choosing to stay in Vietnam & fight for America
MUELLER: American Hero
@realDonaldTrump : American zero
And then you have to come home to him..I don’t know how you do it!!
But it has been a disaster for America.  Your husband is the worst president of all time.  Bigly.
Happy Birthday 
Happy birthday @melaniatrump, have a wonderful blessed day
Happy birthday, may the good lord grant you many more birthdays, and u continue to live a Blissful moment full of peace, joy, happiness and prosperity,  enjoy your occasion Madame first lady.
Happy Birthday Melania!
Happy birthday  Mrs. President hope you have a wonderful day! And I want to thank you again for the many wonderful things that you do each and every day as our first lady God bless you ma’am
26 Avril happy Birthday sorry for the late 
Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday Melania
Happy BIRTHDAY TO YOU ! Praying for you today and everyday!
I'm happy too. I'm glad
The only difference between you and your husband’s @realDonaldTrump other side women? He didn’t have you sign an NDA agreement. You’re obviously just in this marriage for the money. We already know there’s no sex. Why else would anyone in their right mind still be with him? LEAVE
I agree
You are an inspiration to our country and a most perfect flotus! I believe Jackie Kennedy would have loved you. You have much in common, she was also a marvelous 1st lady.

Maybe you’ll meet a nice man
Your fat hubby cheated on you and you just take it like a mail order bride. Sad....
Dear Mrs. Trump, our nations first lady. I am A mother of a 9 year old daughter that has been attacked on media through FB. Our Family is being attacked for our support of the president. The woman that comments is the wife of a dem councilman in our town.

An unsavory plaintiff for sure, but how does a respectable man get involved with such people? No judgment, no respect for his own wife and a botched hush money agreement. A very unpresidential mess on top of many more messes that are much more serious.
…
Really like yur photo with young USMC Officer. Yu should always have Marine Corp escorts when traveling. Their motto says it all,”
Semper Fidelius.” Always Faithful!
Dear Melania, Yoselyn Ortega was hired to protect two very young children in the USA as a caregiver and she failed the WORLD.  Please make your mission mine! I will help you!  To Protect Our Children on Earth! So many leadership failures globally to protect innocent children.
So much regulation imposed on us and our IRS taxes are onerous why not create an INTEGRITY questionnaire for predators who are perceived as a threat to our children.
It's not your country. You're an illegal w an anchor baby, committing chain migration. You need to go. I'm reporting you to ICE
What a gracious and loving woman God has blessed us with as our FLOTUS. So very proud of you and grateful for the sacrifices that you make on behalf of we, the people.  May His Blessings abundantly flow ceaselessly to you and yours every day of your life.
Bot 
Leave the ship before it's too late and take your parents back to the country....
The most beautiful American first lady, I respect you on our own efforts to pursue dreams, change destiny!
I am in the process of dreams, encountered difficulties, could you help me?
#metoo  @MELANIATRUMP https://twishort.com/iQRmc 
@FLOTUS good afternoon Ma’am. I am truly sorry for all the classless comments being directed at you and your family. You deserve better, not for being FLOTAS but because you are a lady. Just a shame the discourse we have now days.
First Lady Of Sex!
Cyberbullying? Clean up ur own house first me meaning ur perverted husband. U got to be kidding. Ur delusional. Who is going to listen to your dribble. Go back to ur country. U got here illegally anyway. First lady? Ur a joke
