Why are you @MELANIATRUMP soo classy!!
Thank you.  I hope the same for all. 
Hopefully in the new year your husband will be forced to resign due to the many sexual assaults. And hopefully you’ll finally be freed.
God's blessings to you and your family Mrs. Trump. You are a true asset to America. Thank you!
What makes her an asset?
FLOTUS is a huge asset,she emulates kindness,compassion,works on behalf of All honest respectful citizens, anti bullying, increased Reading for children, and so much more!
Anti-Bullying you have got to be kidding. What do you call bullying? I call it every time her husband opens his mouth
U need to close yours. Don't u know how to be nice???
There is no need to be nice when it comes to the liars in our Whitehouse.
If you are not speaking out against what is happening then you are part of the problem.
What are the lies and what's happening.
You're kidding right???
Thank you, you too.
May we have a Joyous Impeachment this year.
Thank you and the same to you!  You are my favorite First Lady and I’ve known several!
Happy New Year 2018 to you and your family First lady Melania . God bless America!!
There is no joy.  The joy has vanished. Your freak husband dispelled all joy.
To you and yours as well, dear @FLOTUS!
You too, Mrs Trump
You too Praying for you always.
Wzajemnie
Oh sure, he'll change the world with a tweet oneday and you'll be lucky to wake up the next morning.  Good grief, where do you people come from?  Other than American's deficient education system.
If you are not an American, we don't care what you think, Vlad.
Do you like Blue?  You should wear more Blue... 

You're going to be seeing a LOT more blue... get used to it!
Especially, the U.S. citizens who have no electricity or running water in Puerto Rico.  13 million Americans who will lose health care. And, let's not forget the millions of poor children who don't have CHIP. But, go on w/your bad self & that ugly ass dress you wore yesterday
#KajKurva
You too!
Happy New year Mam!
Love you Melania trop with you gros bisous hugs love you 
God bless and protect you and your beautiful family!
We pray for you and yours every day!
Love  you!!!!

Thank you and may God keep you and our President and your family in the palms of his hands. It’s wonderful to have a First Lady who is a lady and loves freedom. My favorite pic of you....
Love you FLOTUS
BTW- do you plan on actually doing anything this year? Because last year you really didn’t. That whole anti-bully campaign thing never worked out. Maybe you can ask Michelle for some ideas? Just a thought-
Thank you! Back at ya! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
You a gold digger
same to you babe
To you as well ma’am
Classy lady!
The same to you and your family. Thank you for laying down your lives for us. We love you!
You to Melania  you

You too!!!
You are a beautiful woman. It is mind boggling.that you would stay with a man that cheats on you right after you have his child. He has no values.
She knew who she married. She wanted money and lifestyle. That was enough for her. She did not expect him to be faithful.
Happy new year!! Love you @FLOTUS. Thank you for helping @POTUS #MAGA 
Best looking FLOTUS since Jackie O. for sure~
Delusional

I get it though Wendy... You look like an aged raisen thats molded like white dog sh.t in an uncleanly persons lawn. I guess if I looked like you, trailer park wendy whose obvi. Had a Reallll rough rode hard and put up wet drug life, I would be bitter and mad FLOTUS Also 
Zero integrity Melania.
jeesh. canadian trannys are rough
The most beautiful and intelligent Flotus Ever  #HappyNewYear
Yeah, the last FL had 2 Ivy-League degrees, and this one lied about have one degree, and was a stripper who married a pig to get a Green Card. Bar pretty low in your trailer park...
Ivy League degrees and not allowed to practice law...lol, what a joke Michelle was, more like a big hoax on America. @FLOTUS Melania is a FL to be proud of.
Melania is a whore. #HOETUS
Stop projecting your self
Bwwaahhaaa! Ohhh, snappy comeback! Imbecile.
I am not an Ivy League lawyer. So sorry to disappoint. Have another orangeade.
Calling Michelle a "joke" and saying we should be "proud" of Melania? The only joke about your tweet is you, Rebecca.  "Vasquez"? Do you chant "build that wall"?
You are complicit in what is being done to our nation.

Your family profiting off the office of President is appalling.

Your husband (the cyber bully) has spent ONE THIRD of his time at Trump properties.

#TrumpCrimeFamily
Butt hurt are you ,,, haha
Merania Trump san I'd  be respectively for your contribution to the  peaceful activitiesー〜  
Stormy at the WH!
Thank you, but not too happy here. While the state of California makes Pot legal and illegal aliens are now free to roam within the new sanctuary state, law-abiding citizens can’t buy ammo at Walmart.
what do you need it for? are you going hunting?
Your questions reveal how much of a willfully ignorant person you are. 
"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."
Are U “well regulated militia”? Do U need guns to protect yourself from the government? You seem to believe that the 2nd A gives U the right to kill people. You’re utterly wrong. I bet you think patriotism is racism too. U know what your most lethal weapon is? Education, try it!
Up through 1900, Congress provided “Arms” #2A manufactured for the army be made available to civilians as the Constitution mandates—“well regulated” #2A
The laws—
Did we have mass shootings and assault weapons back then, when this was written? How many victims of mass shootings this year alone?
Anyone concerned with mass "gun killings" should reject "gun control" outright as unconstitutional. Especially since during the first 80 years of the Twentieth Century alone, “governments” killed some 170 million people. Facilitated by "gun control”.
Tell that to the thousands upon thousands of people who lost loved ones to needles gun violence. And if you were educated, you wouldn’t need a gun to feel safe 
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump HELP us in #California we are in dire distress!  in extreme danger to life liberty and pursuit of happiness PLEASE  HELP!!!!!
Divine Intervention must strike. A simple choice between Good and Evil. 
California 2018.
the thought of being forced out of my state that has been my home for decades is really hitting home, I'm in the process of putting my house on the market very upsetting
Melania.......As I wrote on your husband's tweet.....GOD bless you,  President Trump, and Baron this Easter and everyday .......love from my family to yours.....MORGAN....Bonni and Bob.
And the same to you and Mr. President...
Melania, Don Jr and his wife are getting divorced .

You’d have so much respect and support from TENS of MILLIONS of men and especially WOMEN across the country if you filed too. 

#jussayin
Day # 344 of the hostage situation. First Skank (former Slovenian soft core porn model) Concludes her lavish, gold plated, hostage funded holiday festivities. Treasons Greetings!
She wished you a happy new Year?? What the hell!!??
Right? She totally started it! Come at me bro!!
Oooh fucking tough guy ,"BRO"
Yeah! Come at me bro!
Such a well thought out tweet! So christian conservative! Bravo!!
May the LORD Almighty bless you all.
Thank you Melania you are amazing keep the faith! Do listen to the negative news, stay positive. You and your husband are doing amazing things!
We will write a blog for your wishes and wish a mutual, dear Melania Trump.
Honestly I do not know sometimes why I post since I know people often write and manage these accounts. Talking to myself here...... Anyway you are looking beautiful - I like your hair up too.
Dearest Melania, Iam so sorry you have had to endure what that whore Stormy has put you through. Just know that we love and respect you and also our POTUS! He is not the same man, God is with him and you! You have no shame, we all respect you! 

Thank you my First Lady!!

We love you FLOTUS  You are fantastic please never stop !!!
Wishing you  a Happy Birthday as a wonderful mother and as our First Lady. May you be at the White House for many, many years to come. US needs President Trump as well as you to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
Melania can you strip for me
I wish you the same when you visit your husband in jail.
WONG AGAIN !!!

uck. witch be gone!
You are beautiful inside out, Melania, and America loves you and prays for you.
Oh we are so scared
Thank you @FLOTUS and the same to you and your family. Your New Years Eve gown was fabulous and you looked beautiful in it.
M Trump says so little knowing so few words in English.. so her laugh lines don’t show..here you can see the injectablesDon likes servants
Miss your just a ugly old lady and will never be as classy or pretty as our First Lady. You need a hug.
Such a wonderful @FLOTUS 
Such grace and class.
Class and grace??
@knowsey America is blessed to have a First Lady like you! May you have a blessed 2018!

Amen
Happy New Year 2018 keep up the good work and thanks for looking out for our military and veterans much needed
Wishing you and your family a joyous, healthy New Year.
Happy new year to you guogeus good to see you  bless you and president Trump may be a woman of valour,proverbs 30:12 ,pls read the Bible and pray always for your Husband the President of U S A
Thanks
Happy New Year to our most beautiful, gracious First Lady.
And to you and yours, as well. 
Thank you Mrs. TRUMP,the same to you and your Family,we are so fortunate to have such a beautiful,elegant  first Lady .

Thank you
Go look in a mirror. You are not even a First wife let alone a LADY. You can wish all you want but you will never be happy after marrying an old man for his money.
You still have the ability to save us all. Please.

Seriously, everyone in #TheResistance needs to UNFOLLOW @realDonaldTrump.
He counts every follower as a supporter even tho u are following him to mock him.…
Thank you first lady..May you and the president have a blessed new year as well.
May this be a better year for you and yours.
She should pee on him more maybe he’ll think twice about blowing up the planet
How's that cyberbullying campaign going? Hint: not well.  The tweet's coming from INSIDE THE HOUSE!
Slap a 72 hour hold on your crazy husband and we all may have a great year. Thanks in advance for helping out the country!
YOUR HUSBAND
tightly Isreal need progress ladies attention not mother's.until middle-east region map forward calmness declares prosperty and tender.
Any women could be a mother but not and women could be a lady you know that Flotus.-2018 greetings to you and your family-
Srecno novo leto 2018.
even the porn star Donnie did while you were married
apologize to @BarackObama for your #birther lies on national television
You would ignore me if you thought I was wrong.
Same to you Mrs. Trump
And to you and your wonderful family as well! Love you FOTUS!
Get out before the ship goes down #TrumpRussia #TrumpCriminalFamily #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrumpPenceNow
Sore Loser!
Have a Blessed New Year!
From Benghazi Libya to America People Happy New year ( 2018 ) .I hope for you to be happy forever 
We thank you for showing kindness and care. Blessings on you, love, more peace and comfort from America this year. God be with you.
Happy New Year's to you and yours
Lady Melania please fill that WHITE HOUSE with Republican Celebrities. It's time to put the REPUBLICAN's in HOLLYWOOD, NEW YORK, the music and film industries at the State Dinner's and show AMERICA! After all you will be there for 8 years! HEE HEE! I KNOW! Nolga
Wishing you and your family a glorious, peaceful and wonderful New Year! 
God Bless The Trump family.  God Bless America!
Nice to have a first lady I'm certain I could beat at arm wrestling. : )
HAHAHA
: )
I am sympathetic to your circumstance. Cooperate with Mueller and go down in history as a champion for democracy and an enemy of Trump's lies. Get that boy a dog already
Dear first lady, I mailed all of my work and proposals for protecting our children in our school systems in America both physically and mentally bringing crime and violence down and grades and unity in our schools up I can't wait for your response sincerely James Pennington,MAGA!
Best and happy wishres to you all from the white farming community in South Africa!
Where Trump was actually born.
#freeinternet4iran

Thx!
Happy New Year!
Stop the chemtrails please.   We're all breathing them including Baron.  Please help us!
Help Mr. Trump with CHIP!
Wishing everyone a Joyous, Healthy and Prosperous #NewYear2018! 
May God Bless you in the New Year @FLOTUS
Please start your anti bullying campaign with your husband. His actions and demeanor are putting Americans in danger. We are very frustrated and frightened by his behavior.
We Love You here in Washington

You too! Best FLOTUS ever 
Go back under your rock. You are an embarrassment.
And likewise to you and your beautiful family; Melanie; I pray for God to bless and protect the Trump family; and give wisdom to myPresident!#maga
Correction to previous tweet d/t autocorrect: Melania NOT Melanie!! I am so sorry
Your the most beautiful First Lady ever! God bless!!
must be very lonely sleeping in a separate bedroom as your husband huh  do you have a bold lock put on your bedroom door too ?
Wishing All A Happy New Years!  #ifat #ifatfans #HappyNewYears
TY. Likewise.
Does your husband really have a big button ? His hands say otherwise 
Thank you Mrs First Lady/Mrs Trump I hope you have the same  and please dont  let what  other   people get you down keep smiling
So turns out you are a Eastern European trophy wife play thing for a rich old fart...shocking...who would have guessed?
Thanks for bringing class and style back to the White House.
Wishing FLOTUS a most Blessed and Amazing New Year! God Bless you and your amazing Family 

Hey there First Lady Melanie Trump, I’m sure you’re husbands career and social habits are stressful for you, but you should know you are doing a great job keeping it stylish at the White House. Can’t wait to see the mark you leave on our nation when all is said and done. Good Job
2018&On PleasePray&HelpNobleWorldAlwPossessesGreatestLoveToGivePeace&ProsperityF/AllPeopleOfWorld.#LeftNoOneBehind.Please...

Wishing you & your family, HAPPY HEALTHY AND PEACEFUL NEW YEAR.
Happy New Year, blessings to you and your family.


21billion in profits your family just made on the tax bill quit embarrassing yourself with these statements that you don't  feel where's your conscience oh yeah you're a trump
Oh please shut up YOU FAKE GOOD FOR NOTHING AND HAVE DONE NOTHING EXCEPT SPEND AMERICAS MONEY
It's all about the money! The publisher just got the promo he needed to get it sold big! Sorry state of affairs!
I think that pink dress is ugly. How much did it cost taxpayers?
Same to you Melania and Happy Birthday to Eric.
HEY MELAINA HOW'S THE BULLYING CAMPAIGN COMING ALONG???
My pups and i wish you a blessed and safe 2018, we will be at the bridge in wpb every time you arrive and leave! We love you!
Happy new year
But only if you are a billionaire or a member of.the donor class
How can we have peace when your husband taunts Kim Jung Un about the nuclear button.
The same to You and your family.
Shame on you
Just so you know the difference
Thank you.  May you have a great and good year in 2018.
Have a blessed New Year to you and your family.
God's richest blessings to you, your husband and your family. Please know that many love you all and are praying for you to be safe and to know that many are always lifting you up to Jesus for His Peace and Strength and Protection. You are all very much appreciated.
Happy New Year dear first lady .
Melania: May you have a healthy , happy , New Year. So proud of your actions in the White House.

 Please review Prescriptions Insurance for cost of meds.  A lot of the elderly or disabled are having to make a decision daily -eat or buy meds.
She doesn't care.
#IranProtests
Hello Miss Trump. This is my idea for my prosperity in 2018.

FREE AND ONLY ONE DAY LEFT!

Prelude to Insanity (Darkness Rises Book 1)

The same to you and those around your life. .

How’s the Stable Genius doing today?
And to you. Og til alle i USA.
