congrats Betsy  so happy American education is going to get fixed. I have a daughter and nieces and nephews . #MAGA
so w/ vouchers you help the rich pay for private sch tuition--taking MORE $$ from poor people's public schools
ignorant democrat. Seriously like the school system is great now.  Give Betsy a chance. Omg. So tired of the whining
you racist GOPs seem to think experience matters less than wealth and the ability to suck up
lol  awe too bad you lost. Sit back and eat some popcorn. The next 4 years will be great.
we will see won't we. Keep an eye on the REAL statisticts not your lying leader's BS

you shouldn't be nominated to run a PTA. We are doomed.
Bought yourself a cabinet post huh?  So now the poor in public schools pay for it.
congratulations!
Nice!You bought yourself a cabinet post. Now the poor kids will really pay so yu can help rich pay for private sch.

http://Thankyou.Now  you can start educating all those democrats that have no brains!Goodluck !
yup, that's her....
you may want to start by tutoring your boss on the Constitution.  Not his strong suit. Neither is spelling
we are so proud & happy to have you transform the educational system with your Amway Values
Recruit 10 families to your Homeschool coop and you will get to reign over your very own Charter School! #AmwayEd
We need change in our education system ..  we need to teach business ownership & Capitalism
#mytaxmoney
how much money did you pay him off for that
he is just thanking you for the you money paid to buy his vote
@SenateDems The party that obstructed a great President & sells their votes for a bad joke who plagarized Vanita Gupta
@realDonaldTrump  
You should have never been nominated!!! You do NOT have my support!!!!
you should be ashamed
#resist any @realDonaldTrump policy or nominee . No to DeVos for Education.  Post to your wall and twitter.
GROSS
An example of somebody who is unqualified to run the role of Secretary of Education.
wow why r all you so fucking corrupt?No morals just all $ the rich need their own private island to go fuck themselves
I am not pleased. Just researched MI school FAIL performance w/ YOUR approach. NO to for-profit, scam-way charters!
if you really want to improve the educational system in this country, withdraw from nomination.
You, who are horribly unqualified for the position.
tells u money can buy a lot! U aren't fit for anything else otherwise
Don't hire the moving van yet. #notmypresident
#BetsyDeVos, you need to go to college and get an education. Start Amway University!
This tweet wasn't signed "- Betsy". Does that mean it was written by staff? How heartfelt is a delegated thank you?

MONEY SPEAKS LOUDLY DOESN'T IT? MUST BE NICE TO BE ABLE TO BRIBE A FUTURE PRESIDENT.
You are not qualified nor intelligent enough to serve our children. $ was your only qualifier. Continue your own education!
You must step down. You are clearly NOT qualified. Do the right thing.

did you single him out because it was the only one?
I watched your http://hearing.You  are completely unfit for the position & proved you know NOTHING about education.
Read the comments. If @SenSasse listens to his constituents-he will vote NO

.@BetsyDeVos @SenSasse I am sure the Senator is rethinking his support. UR really an embarrassment & I'm a Trump supporter #InaugurationDay
you're a shame for America, your family, education and basically the world. Get your ass destroyed by a Grizzli
did you pay him to say it? Sad!
Here in Wis.its freedom to choose schools. Im ashamed of my friends/family that dont support vouchers.

Please Mr. DeVos, do the right thing and allow someone truly qualified take this position. Only idiots think u belong.
This shouldn't be your first job.  You have less than zero experience to support public education.
After listening to your position yesterday, I would be terrified to let my Autistic child go to public school under your "reign"
#TreasonousReptiles
You corrupt %*#@&$ are the biggest threat and danger to honest Americans and their civil liberties! #Reptilians
Failed totally in the nomination hearing but her 200m donation will help. #GunsForGrizzlies
#StopTheirCorruption #WarAtHomeForOurCivilLiberties #Treason #Unholy #Unconscionable #Liars
could you not have tried to care about yoru position?

NO ONE supports you-you are a joke to the entire education community- to not even know about federal laws-??? #pathetic
my son is disabled - will you forget him?  Deem him unworthy of education. #IDEA
How much money will your corporate cronies make off of your privatization of public ed? Greed=evilness
You never taught a day in your life! You are totally clueless! A former teacher as head of Ed makes more sense.
#freecollege
Sad day for all of us who care about education  Went to public schools and U of Penn. Your thinking is scary.
Betsy, you are the worst possible choice for the position. Please leave Planet Earth immediately.
You did a great job at the hearing. Don't let them get you down.
HOW MUCH OF HER MONEY DID YOU TAKE ?
2 bad u wasted $200 mil buying this nomination,if you'd have earned a real ed from accredited school u might b smarter


Swamp payola. How swimingly chummy.
https://www.facebook.com/JusticeWriters/photos/a.744985628984229.1073741828.729272437222215/765294993619959/?type=3&theater …
how much did that senator get put in his coffers to buy adoration
You know you are not qualified, nor can this dept withstand your ideology. Drop out now.
If I had performed as badly at a job interview as you did at the hearings, I would withdraw my application. JUST EMBARRASSING!
What a clown show today!  I hear the circus is looking for some new talent!
You don't deserve the nomination https://www.facebook.com/senschumer/videos/10154989070084407/?hc_ref=NEWSFEED …

DO NOT SUPPORT YOU!
Sasse is a lame duck.
NO ONE WANTS YOU IN CHARGE OF EDUCATION BITCH
Kids killed by grizzlies:  0.    Kids killed by guns.  10,000.   GET A CLUE!  #STOPYOURLYING
Your only qualification besides being a GOP billionaire donor is your profound cluelessness about education in the US
Stop common core math
Make our system work
Instead of this crazy policy that run our system
Real chance to fix
Won't
.@BetsyDeVos when do you plan on learning about #IDEA and #SpecialEducation ? Very bad showing yesterday! Read Rowley Supreme ct decision!
You support guns in public schools. How in the world you expect support for that! #endgunviolence #nomore
Betsy, you are not qualified to lead Education. You are the antithesis of qualified. Plz go back to your foundation.
where you are, btw, listed as the VP on the 990, even tho you denied being involved. Shame!
if you had any intelligence you would step down. You are uniformed and don't deserve such an important role.
Your are a joke..you got the nominated because you have a lot of money...get real please
I look forward to seeing you destroy the public educstion system of the countty much like you did to Michigan.
Here's how I felt after Betsy DeVos Senate appearance today. #NeedGunsinSchoolsforGrizzlies
Will you be able to get my money back that I spent on Trump U?

no one that actually believes in education believes in you
when you privatize education, poor children suffer. But what do you know of that?
You had no real response to the questions re special education? Leave it up to the states, please don't destroy NCLB
President John Adams explained something you don't seem to understand.
You're answer to gun control in schools was bizarre. Just stick to peddling Amway crap, alright.
Are you kidding me with this? You are absolutely clueless. Are you embarrassed at all about your lack of knowledge?

Girl U are clueless! Please do US a favor and go somewhere and spend Ur money!
yet you want more kids shot to death by eliminating gun free schools? You aren't qualified to be dog catcher.
is the KISS of DEATH for PUBLIC SCHOOLS. @SenSasse DON'T SUPPORT DESTRUCTION OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND GENOCIDE OF COMMUNITIES.
PAY YOUR FINE!
still waiting for you to explain how your failing plans in Detroit will work any where else?
Whoever you paid to coach you on saying Senator & fake smiling... well overpaid. BIG FAIL....
You did a fine job tonight. I would be so ashamed if I were a Dem. putting those people in office. Take our Education to levels
You are THE most UNQUALIFIED candidate in the history of the Department of Education.
watching you speak - astounding how completely uneducated you are about education
Christofascist!
If you had not given $200 million to the Republican Party do you think you would be nominated to lead the Education Department?
wrote and developed reading tutoring program for low achievers in middle school. Can we get involved?
let's defund public education and Jesus can teach them!
Ugh, this is so sad for our children.
you need to go home with dump trump you don't care about black school bitch your rich just like the rest of your cronies go away
Explain to me how privatizing schools helps the poor. Go clutch your pearls somewhere else and let the pros deal with education
Ben, what a disappointment! #VoteNo

You're going to do GREAT today Betsy. Praying for you Madam Secretary :-)
Keep public education strong. I went to public in N Michigan, a debate champ in H.S. and college & prepped for success
Most parents of school kids despise you, dear. Go away
Keep your religion off our education.
We'd like your ethics paperwork to be PROPERLY completed. @SenSasse
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence #MakeAmericaSafeAgain #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Still waiting for my answer, DeVos!
What steps are you taking to make sure your investments won't pose a conflict of interest for you at the Department of Ed?
And your family ties to corrupt Blackwater - warmongering/profits? Devos/Prince veil lifted. Sell outs! SO SAD!
Sold out to $ worshipper, womanizer, bigot to push her Christian values on children. How noble of you Betsy! SELL OUT!
best wishes 4 ur hearing & thank u 4 helping make America great again!

CROOK!
NO ETHICS PAPERWORK & CLEARANCE NO HEARING. DO YOUR PAPERWORK BETSY
An atrocity!
Why are U.S. teachers observed 4 times per year? Academically advanced countries dont follow this. The system here is a mess 
Pay Ohio what you owe!!!!!!
Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Education Pick, Plays Hardball With Her Wealth https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/09/us/politics/betsy-devos-education-secretary.html?smid=fb-share …
Early Care and Education is vital to the infrastructure of our country I can help http://www.childrensparadise.com  #MAGA
I don't know anybody who supports you.
step away - you are not qualified
When you become the Dir Educ, will you work with other depts to reduce funding International Pgms & focus on USA?

Exactly my point. Affirmative Action has relegated merit. We're told diversity has "value" https://twitter.com/dac_mav/status/817786442835496962 …
God help the children of the United States. You only care about foisting your beliefs on others. We know what you are.
How much did you donate to the senators that are to confirm your nomination. What a ridiculous woman you are.
big congrats Ma.
what is your plan for the mounting student loan debt?
how will you ensure college is affordable for all?
what are you doing to ensure low income children have same educational opportunities as the rich?
You should remember to talk to teachers like myself that actually work inner city
Susan Wolfrum CCS
I fear for the future of our children if you are left in charge

https://twitter.com/callout4/status/809389110771220480 …
how old is the planet earth?
never taught a classroom a day in her life and she is in charge of the nations education!
I'm glad my children are out of school, that's all I can say. Your plan sucks, Betsy.
' #1 priority is to educate everybody about Amway & other MLM scams.
unqualified
Do you have a plan to stop the #Leftist brainwashing of our children?
Nice speech in MI.I am all 4 charter schools as long as teachers r highly respected as academically advanced countries
--- I have very high hopes for you. I hope you really shake things up and fix the Education Cartel
I'll be closing my classroom door & do what's best for my students.  Another unexperienced person will be in charge.
Another SHAMEFUL NOMINATION.  Give us someone with EXPERIENCE. Someone, as educators, we can trust.
You have no education background in educating our children. How, as an educator, and I supposed to have faith in you?
Here we go again! I have to take orders from someone that has NO EXPERIENCE IN THE PUBLIC EDUCATION CLASSROOM.Shameful
please dont forget the people on the front lines, the teachers.

1/4 kids w/ #visualprocessingdisorder (eyes not in sync) #lazyeye, #AtticusAct will help them
Keep your religion away from my child!
Will you both consider changing the student loan laws to allow bankruptcy in order to help students?
no support from public school teachers for anyone who hasn't set foot in a classroom!

please #stopcommoncore
BETSY, DIDN'T I JUST SEE YOU ON A STAYFREE MAXIPAD COMMERCIAL A FEW MIN AGO?
Congrats
u have very little support when u give private schools tax breaks U deplorable billionaire
Ever Taught?
