.@BetsyDeVos is a tireless champion of children and a worthy selection to serve as Secretary of Education. http://walberg.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=399207 …
I can't wait for my kids to learn to run a pyramid scheme like your family so excited!
WHY do ppl keep thinking its a great idea to put someone in charge of educ that has ZERO exp in it?
so have thousands of over worked, under paid teachers around the country, like me
is true that kids graduate and some can't read ....i dont see that privatization fixes that

a student? ThereRpublic school sys all over this country that provide exemplary pgs
How can U lead something of which Uhave no experience? Our MAIN trouble. Leaders who have no clue wt we do or need
D of E needs to be abolished and sent back to states
What is 2+2?
WRONG! The answer is 4.
@realDonaldTrump Not ALL public schools R bad.I taught impoverished kids decades.Received Pres Award at WH GHWBush
nothing about you is qualified. You're living off your family and husbands families money. You've proven nothing
Shout out to all the bears running around in the school houses!
My D7 was adopted via foster care. She was left w/ developmental trauma. Bec of IDEA, she is thriving in our local pub school.
I need help in Silver Springs Nv.  They've kicked my great grandson 9 yrs. old out of school twelve times.  Cowboy!
She could care less about all children.
you bought this support
Didnt she destroy public education in favor of private schools in Michigan?
YES & her schools R doing worse than public schools tRump ruining R country starting with education
she's ready to destroy public education. To keep the poor just the way you like them: ignorant and Catholic
This is #badcomedy at its finest. #unqualified #outoftouch #undeserving #crusherofworlds #crusherofdreams
you don't even know what IDEA is.  Money can't buy an education. #idiot
My son graduated public HS & is now attending & thriving at a top 30 college. He took 8 AP classes. You want to "fix" this?
@LouiseMensch @RepWalberg Except she believes in private schooling not public education! Amazing what donations get you!
She bought her job and probably walbers job too
How much did the Devos fam donate you U Mr Walberg? I noticed U were the only one she thanks for commenting.
I disagree, our students deserve better. We need someone who is qualified.
Really? Coming from a Congressman who never votes in support of public education or children with special needs?
appreciate you sending me you'reeee coordinates - for a slap fight
BS
how do? Besides school choice, what are you running on?!
tireless advocate for the corporate raiding of tax funding and subsequent destruction of PubEd
I think all of ur idiots that keep saying she's good should let her teach ur children
Please keep your tainted, unqualified hands away from destroying public education.

tirelessly working to destroy public education so all kids can go to shitty Christian schools
How much did you donate to his campaign?
she looked like a fool in her hearing not qualified, she gets an 'F'
Shame.
Ass-kissing all around I guess
:Grandaughter went to charter school on AZ. Focus on teaching curriculum not students.I am a teacher & know that needs fixing!
:The very best wishes as you take on greatest education system in history (that needs a bit of TLC!).
Um. Not.


about time some1 did something bout those grizzlies, yuge problem. Bigly bullies, I suggest some1 like Grizzly Adams to assist.
...wow..u republicans r such hypocrites...this lady doesn't even understand the public education system....
you mean a champion of rich white children?


She is devoted to protecting kids against grizzlies.  Grizzly kid deaths: 0.  Kid deaths by guns: 10,000
And doesn't have a braincell between her ears. Her "grizzlies" comment was at best IGNORANT. What an embarrassment!
Here's how I felt after Betsy DeVos Senate appearance today. #NeedGunsinSchoolsforGrizzlies
Are you a champion for children with disabilities? Your answers leave me thinking no. @BetsyDeVos @RepWalberg
HOW much did you contribute to his campaign!!??
Devos, kochs, etc buy our politicians to implement their ideas.  That doesn't sound like democracy to me.
congressman, how much money have you received from the Devos family??
I don't want my tax dollars paying for religion based schools of for profit schools.  Goes against Constitution.
U were great today! Those democrats seem so angry in 8 yrs they have done nothing for the school system for children! Ridiculous
Please get rid of common core it's hurting our children! Thank you!
How old do you believe the Earth is? @BetsyDeVos
she is no champion of children. She is against public schools and improving them. She wants to push kids around.YUCK
You cannot possibly lead public education if you care so little for our students. You should withdraw.
We used to leave the rights of black Americans to "the states" - that didn't work out too well, did it?
spinal bifida-traumatic brain injury-all left to "the states" - you don't explain why this is "better".
You are dismissing kids with blindness-deafness-autism-intellectual disability-learning disability-ADHD
Before IDEA, children with disabilities had no educational rights.
IDEA is civil rights legislation. We have equal rights for all. We don't leave equal rights up 2 the states!
what is the difference btw charter and public edu? Allowing teachers to teach their students, & less govt regs and interference.
do you realize that in charter schools in the UK are doing more harm than good
yes, but it is not enough.  Why not someone who actually taught.  So many wonderful teachers. She's too vague
I have so much respect for your work advocating for high quality education for all children!
No to #BitsyDevoid! We don't want your Cult!!!
Say no to #BitsyDevoid Stay away from the Children with your vooshoo Cult!!! Not fit to be Dog-Catcher
Plus she gives @GOP lots of money. #PublicSchoolRocks
Great: another christofascist in government
not even close. You should be ashamed of supporting her.
only white christian children in private schools
I'd be surprised if she knows how to spell 'Teacher'
Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Education Pick, Plays Hardball With Her Wealth https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/09/us/politics/betsy-devos-education-secretary.html?smid=fb-share …
Ha! More like a tireless homophobic asshat that is hell-bent on destroying our nation's educational system. Boo!
How much money did you donate to Walberg? Maybe a graph of who you own is appropriate ~
I don't know what you're taking ~ but nothing could be further from the truth....
as a inner city teacher that supports Trump, I understand the issues in the city schools
remember to talk with teachers like myself that work in the inner city. We can be helpful.
i think something that be great is school menu be free from gmo foods it should be healthy for kids "
Congrats Betsy! I am a US NASA STEM Fellow like to partner w/ the Dept to ensure quality math education http://themathour.weebly.com 

As an educator, I am concerned about someone who has never been an educator making decisions about my career.
I'm sure her donations to the republican party had NOTHING to do with her nomination. Sad day for science.
This woman is a rephrensible human being that should keep her fairytales OUT of the classroom. Disgusting decision.
unqualified
& @RepWalberg support sexual predator Trump http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/10/07/donald_trump_2005_tape_i_grab_women_by_the_pussy.html …
DEVOS is tireless when it comes to lobbying her fav politicians to foist crooked charters and vouchers on the public
Tireless champion for kids or for greedy "charter" schools?
I would offer my credentials to assit you!
Please help fix the failing foster care system
Congratulations from Deplorable in Louisiana!  My mother was an educator!
DeVos advocates Religion in schools, hers, which leads to bullying/torture of kids.
I guess Trump is the antithesis of King Midas.
awesome. Not.  Uggghh
Another non educator running the Education Dept? @realDonaldTrump continues to betray his supporters. #BuyersRemorse
.@BetsyDeVos Do U disavow your history of anti-Israel, pro-islam curriculum embedded in American children's education? &assoc. w/ACCESS????
:Is she anti-Israeli & pro-Muslim? Have not read that.
re:BetsyDevos? Yes.She backed curriculum w/indoctrination to Islam&associated anti-Israel lies-leftist drivel (RickPerrydid2)
:Not good!! Need to pass this along!! Cannot have this going on!!
Vouchers: Horrible results. Most charters not better. No accountability and transparency. Fraudulent and wasteful.

Betsy DeVos wouldn't step into a public school w/out surgical gloves & Blackwater battalion. Like making Capt Kangaroo head of Joint Chiefs
How can you make educational decisions for our COUNTRY and our children when you have never been a professional educator.
Professional union thugs in education don't give a rip about children & learning.
#1 education priority: teach people that most MLMs are scams, such as Amway and $HLF/Herbalife.
@doccigar @RepWalberg  CONGRATS FROM TENNESSEE...MAGA
WE R SCREMINAG NO COMMON CORE
Get back to school, stat.
Money obviously talks
Pay no attention to all > trolls! Once U  & Trump, provide then with a great education & job! They will be grateful!
end common core
Bush and Obama War Crimes Exposed—Trump Should Agree
If DJT picked you I will consider you a win to get rid of common core & put in charter schools Happy Thanksgiving
@NCCoastalRltr @RepWalberg Will you be able to direct the dept under drastic budget cuts?
Betsy's husband Dick's parents' foundation "donated $500,000 to NOM an anti-gay marriage organization
I wish you the best in your new role serving our children & our country! Thank you for all you've done and will do.
SO Happy for you and our Country!! Happy Thanksgiving!
Also impossible to bring a progressive alternative way in. Elder's were bitter. Change was impossible.
Was never good enough. In my private school, I had freedom and trust. And loved it!!! Stayed for 8 years.
I couldn't be myself. Was always being observed. Too many submissions. Worked 7 days a week basically.
