Congratulations! Would love to see a return to classical teaching methods. We need readers and critical thinkers!
lmaoooo. Kids today would love "classical teaching methods". Hahahahaha
The masses have been deprived of a true education.
nice line. Doesn't make any sense but nice line
Public education is a necessity, but there are far better options that should be more widely avail.
, @BetsyDeVos is an enemy of public education. If you think it's necessary you should not be happy.
I believe it's necessary. Not a supporter of it.
you believe it's necessary but don't support it? That doesn't make any sense
You've never actually worked in education. You are woefully unqualified.
This is a good thing.
being completely inexperienced in a new job is a good thing? Have you ever had a job interview?
Education administrators have failed. Time for an outsider.
maybe trump will continue that theme by making @GuyFieri the secretary of defense
I doubt it. Educ. is a good area to bring in an outsider.
congratulations good luck. Let's make real school choice a reality
we also need choice in law enforcement too. Competition will make cops better.
You curse and insult her, then tweet suggestions 
give your money to them instead of politicians then
not with you at the helm. Horrible choice. You're completely unqualified, ignorant, and clueless
according to Bernie you not the right pick and WE CAN ALL SEE CLEARLY WHY
Not if you privatize education...
potential or proficiency?
Can't wait to see great changes!  Take out common core, end MO school lunch program & implement school choice.
Let's start with you, shall we?
@RepHuizenga you're not a teacher. You never were. You're a fucking idiot that has no business near education.
I don't believe you know anything about my public school family..Sad...
Too bad you aren't a good example of "highest potential".
Adults are students too. Don't forget this.
You are a clueless billionaire fool.
Grizzly Lives Matter
Are you really aiming to help EVERY student? Especially targeted minorities?!  Why thank you! Lol @BetsyDeVos
every student? Even those that don't have pencils or better yet food to eat so that they are energized to learn?
Teachers r on the front lines daily and r the only ones  who know whats best4each http://child.Team  w/parents.Winnin combo
Except those left in Public Ed after you steal resources away for private gain! #OpposeBetsyDeVos #KeepPrivateEdPrivatelyFunded
. @BetsyDeVos I will support you because Trump chose you but you must know that we who elected Trump want Commoncore 100% Gone asap! #MAGA
that's called voting against your interests
Every person in America that 's community schools, supports Principals, Boards, Teachers, & loves Kids crying today #Sad @BetsyDeVos #TBATs
@Linda1746 but watch, charters don't take hold in the burbs, that's only for inner cities. Kills the teacher unions,
truly racist.  charter teachers are undertrained, under paid, without unions, resulting in high turnover, etc.
why do you hate children?
transformative
We do need change but for the better and that will NOT happen under @BetsyDeVos - our kids deserve so much better #holdthefloor #StopDeVos
Can't wait to see it happen!! Hurry, before my daughter goes to first grade!
That means you will work very hard for public education because not everyone is in your reality, right?
yes or no... IDEA is a FEDERAL LAW n shouldn't be a state discretion. Educate urself re Handicap Act, PL 94-142 , etc.
FOR CHILDREN TO FULFILL HIS/HER FULL POTENTIAL, THEY NEED PUBLIC SCHOOLS WITH REAL TEACHERS! CHARTER SCHOOLS WON'T WORK, BETSY!
#publicschools
TRANSLATION: We elitists can use taxpayers' money to pay for our children's private education with no accountability/oversight.
If you truly cared about our children and education system, you would not accept a position you are not fully qualified for.
.@ShawnMartin74 Dude, you have a lot of reading to do. Starting googling, you are in for a shock.
like many other areas in the United States, we are now at a critical impasse. Course correction or rooted ignorance? #HighHopes
unless they have a disability
Thousands of people are saying "no" when asked if DeVos should be confirmed:
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155009588466514&id=115763581513 …
'transformational change' ... right. I think you might need to go back to school and learn some better English skills.
@rharrisonfries @AliceLinahan @BriningAnna  Transformational change global corporate DEform buzz words.  Alarms and bells
I trust you will support public schools, not charter schools & homeschooling, & move to stop school vouchers, democracy killers.
You haven't researched her, have you?
Yes i have researched her @melrenshaw @betsydevos
Please share why she's a good choice.
I think she's a wretched choice!
My sincere apologies! Misconstrued.
My state, dominated by Republicans, has not worked with me (a parent.) Instead, they have defunded public education.
or their, because you support ALL children.....right?
And to make sure every grizzly bear lives in fear.
.@BetsyDeVos please define change that is *not* transformational.
You've made very clear that you don't feel poor kids HAVE potential. You actively work against any education that reaches them.
Potential to be a religious nut job like you?
what do you know about working
Wow. This is so well written. Did you finally hire a ghost writer?
Son w/autism graduated on 5th grade level! TX failed to provide sped services please help! Please don't allow TEA to b in charge
how can you do it fort the nation when you could not do it in Michigan. Look at the education of your state and fix it
as long as his or her parents are in the top 3%
If they are Rich like you! Isn't?
During your hearing, whenever anyone asked you tough question (real question) instead of really answering, you just smiled big.


#grizzlies come on man
by privatizing the educational system for profit
does that mean giving school the funding they actually need and not diverting funding to schools with ample resources already?
Change to ensure kids are safe against grizzlies.  Not guns.  DO THE MATH!  #STOPYOURLYING
I have opportunity to buy a home at 8 million. Just don't have the $
EVERY student, or just students without disabilities?
and DISABLED STUDENTS?
you have no business in the position you seek
your work in Michigan is a FAILURE
http://midwest.edtrust.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2013/10/The-Education-Trust-Midwest_Accountability-for-All-2016_February-11-2016.pdf …
these types of transformational changes you are responsible for? http://www.politico.com/story/2016/12/betsy-devos-michigan-school-experiment-232399 …
your ideas will devestate education for most children, it will change into a money making business ripe with segregation. shame!

@garyinlv01 ...and if we can't/don't at least we will enrich ourselves in the meantime.
For you it would only be those with money or could provide profit #children #education
how on earth do you plan on doing that Ms?
Big Worries About Betsy DeVos http://nyti.ms/2joDn6j 
Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Education Pick, Plays Hardball With Her Wealth https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/09/us/politics/betsy-devos-education-secretary.html?smid=fb-share …
Is it for white kids only? Wondering, because mine don't look white and on top of that they are frivolously gay I reckon.
That adheres to your right wing version of Christianity. Jesus would not support you!
would be great if kids learned about the Constitution, how Jamestown & pilgrims tried ~communism & failed; book 5000 Year Leap!
I also would like to see more choices for other kids to go to  a Christian school that's affordable, many families are unable
That also have learning disabilities, growing up it was so hard and I was picked on  a lot because I was different
I don't know if this is correct but , I myself having a learning disability,.
Would rather be in a school, with other students.
Please get the Marxism out of Ed. https://youtu.be/vLqHv0xgOlc 
have you attended public school? What's your educational background?
Private christian schools receiving federal dollars/vouchers will it open the doors to non believers protesting prayer/Bible etc
how?? EVERY is a big word
I am a US NASA Endeavor STEM Fellow/CEO of TTLC. We believe in choice. Spread the word and visit us at: https://www.gofundme.com/wz-quality-math-education-for-all …
Every student? Or just the ones enrolled in Charter or private schools. Public education is most important!
does that include teaching creationism and outlawing science in private unregulated religious schools? Education is not 4 profit
- good piece by Jason Riley in todays @WSJ -
We can disagree about things but can we agree she is deplorable. She's anti-black, anti-immigrant, anti-LGBT.
look forward to working with you.
@congbillposey you are the BEST person to shut down Carter's DOE. Reagan promised, couldn't deliver.
Love your use of the word TRANSFORMATIONAL. It is what has been lacking for all the years of the "reform" movement. Needed now!
you are in the thoughts and prayers of OneHope.    Gods Word Every Child
God bless you with strength to make this happen. I've lived near Newark NJ for 60 yrs. No REAL PROGRESS for children there. Sad.
are you a supporter of public education? There are reports that you favor vouchers and privatizing education.Could you clarify?
make sure you can separate church and state. Religion has no business in the public school system
assuming that we don't use actual science right?  #wearescrewed
Please stop them from teaching children to feel self pity ,guilt ,resentment and
 that America is bad ?
don't teach them creationism in science class then - it's like cutting their legs off and telling them to run
“I can’t imagine a worse pick”: Critics slam choice of Betsy DeVos to be secretary of education #deporable #crookedBetsy
Federal aid to education is unconstitutional - Pres. James Madison
(a) change is by definition transformational, (b) one's potential is by definition their highest. Revise and resubmit.
And is brainwashed
@campbell_brown yeah, sure. That's why you tried not to pay taxes for schools. Such a hypocrite.
New approaches are most important. For example the U.S. can learn very much from the Danish system: http://www.su.dk/english/ 
the think tank she funds is for abolition of child labor laws. She oh so cares for kids! https://goo.gl/DCfC2S 
@elmorephd . Hopefully they rethink mainstream and group students by ability.
-brilliant.  Yet another non-educator and someone who knows zero about public ed at the helm. Way2Go Prez elect.
KEY to achieving transformational change to ensure EVERY student has opportunity to fulfill his/her potential is COMPETITION!
@dutchgirlusa Thank you very much for the retweet! I've worked both public/non public sides - COMPETITION does work and makes great choices!
@whythedonald Ask why your state's public schools are underfunded, asking teachers to do more with less every year.
kids need access to structured literacy/OG. Teachers aren't trained and it has created a literacy crisis. #SayDyslexia
All I have left to be a teacher is my student teaching and they won't let me in bc of PARCC testing being tied to teacher eval's
the Helen DeVos hospital screens for dyslexia! Help those kids succeed by teaching the way they learn! @DDCalifornia @DyslexiaBarton #AB1369
please #saydyslexia 1 in 5 school kids suffer from it! Evidenced-based teaching works! This is how you transform schools!
I would love to see how this will effect minority children .....
we r excited to get good edu opps for our children. Neighbor teaches in Pvt. School has 8th Grd writing research papers!
Human das kapital. Time to deprivatize billionaires.
make dismantling & eliminating the Department of Education your top priority!

Exciting territory ahead for education!
get teacher imput on what that looks like. Were on the front lines every day. WE are the experts. Plz consult us!!!
@drrichswier
@drrichswier please commit to scraping common core !!!
. What qualifications does she have? Oh yeah, it's Bet$y DeVo$, a brilliant thinker on education.
#publiceducation
reach their potential through education. Success comes with hard work. They can now see a reward in potential jobs.
last tweet for the day :-) ... We need to teach how to create and invent, NOT how to be mindlessly dependant.
I have never taught a student or heard a student say I want to be a failure.  Not in our DNA. Let's see why schools fail.
Please, please don't rely on other so called "experts". Rely on your own competence. Weed out the bad ideas from the good ideas.
We are now at a critical impasse. Course correction or devastating ignorance?
sorry for bombarding you with tweets. I just hate seeing our intellectual decline & all the so called experts' claims & promises
the past 10 years in education has been a rise of technology devices in the classrooms and a decrease of intellectual activity
we need to teach our youth how technology works and to INVENT technology instead of being dependant on current technology.
Have you ever taught in a classroom?
what about your  "unreasonably high" number of low performing charter schools? https://goo.gl/Om0Pz2 
....* unless you're poor.
@edreform Congratulations @BetsyDeVos! I wish you all the best with your new assignment.
Hopefully you will get rid of common core
wait, who will look after the teachers if we focus on the kids?
I'm wiling to give you a chance but since u previously supported CC you'll need to prove to Trump supporters you can be trusted
We have two generations not prepared to govern America,young teachers never learned and thus cannot teach Am ideals
Together, we can make change by investing in our public education system not soul-sucking charter schools and vouchers
Really, transformational change?Your track record doesn't support that this change will benefit neediest kids.
Best wishes!  I hope "every student" includes our gifted students, especially those profoundly gifted ones.
As well as our gifted students with LDs such as dysgraphia and dyslexia.
Concur.  The LD and twice exceptional students can use a good advocate.  They have been overlooked.
Screening for giftedness needs to be fixed too. It's out of the box thinking, which is hard to measure with a test.
@rose10052 Best wishes for personal success and in efforts to #MAGA
Privatization of public education for profit under the guise of concern for underprivileged kids is disingenuous and immoral.
To me theres NOTHING more important than the education of our nations children. May god give you wisdom and direction.
That is the most Hollow statement. Spoken like a true politician.
Congratulations
@ReedRobertson Congratulations! Don't know you but I trust this team to pick the best & brightest.
I hope it's school choice with no strings attached.
http://nces.ed.gov/nationsreportcard/pdf/studies/2005456.pdf …
@transition2017 opportunity comes from family values and the community not from for profit education.
yes! Use public funds to finance schools that deny evolution and teach that the earth is 7000 years old! #Stupidplutocrats
@PoliticsK12 she means every child that's white and rich will have opportunity rest will be offered to corporate profiteers.
congratulations. Yes, every student deserves the opportunity to fulfill his or her highest potential. #saydyslexia
Congrats on becoming the next Sec. of Ed! Looking forward to transformational change and opportunity for students!
regardless of how bad your delusional lil mind wants to believe otherwise, evolution is why we are here pumpkin
Looking forward to you helping to make the educational system actually work for our children.. Glad UR against Common Core.
What do you mean by transformational change? Privatizing education!
@ArmorCavSpin Congrats Betsy. I hope one of your to-do's is to kill the horrible Michelle O's healthy kids school lunches.
@ArmorCavSpin
@ArmorCavSpin
Come Portland and spend a week in the title 1 school I work at. I bet you wouldn't come back for day 2.
GO AWAY!!!!
And key to this is excellent PUBLIC schools in every community.
guess if I had billions, I could buy my way onto the Supreme Court without practicing law!!
so, never worked in a school and there you are. Good work, you bought a position!
Charters/Vouchers not the answer. Largest charter chain in USA run by Islamic Gulen Movement. Wake up! #corrupt @KillingEdFilm
Stop with the gas lighting. You don't care about educating children. You want to line the pockets of your cronies. . @BetsyDeVos
State legislature need take more active roll in watching what goes on in Univ. Tennessee just shut down Diversity
@WOODTV very sad day for public schools
Look at lack of viewpoint diversity in Academia. Some have ratio of 40:1 Dem to Repub. Kids not get diverse ideas
@NedStanley Not looking for choice for choice sake Quality Choice! Equity likely not apart of this agenda!
I'm with you so is my daughter who hates common core please get rid of it.
Need make sure Catherine Lhamon at OCR is terminated immediately over illegal Dear Colleague letter
Congrats, in Office of Civil Rights need you bring in FIRE’s Robert Shibley, or maybe Prof. K.C. Johnson.
How do you plan to do that? Parent involvement is crucial to a student's success in school. Teachers and schools can do so much!
You have to END the Teachers Union...otherwise you're just spinning your wheels. Stop protecting BAD teachers.
Good luck & Godspeed!
All the best to you! Please help us bring about school choice!
@VetApologist Agreed! Remember there are some bad apples in the schools which must be removed.
What do you think of this appointment Dr. Perry?
@Rockprincess818 please do away wit "Common core" it's a disaster!
.@BetsyDeVos GOP @usedgov secs stopped #highered waste,fraud,abuse. Pls protect students v poor performing colleges.
#Trump#TrumpPence Good luck Betsy!!!! Let's #MAGA!!!!
