The status quo is currently 85% of students 17 y.o. graduated from H.S. Highest in nation so far. Go for it.
Grizzly lives matter!!!!
I have never seen a person more unqualified to hold a position in my life.  Recuse yourself.  Think of our youth!
stop over testing these kids and get back to the basics. I mean it worked for you and I. Why not our children
Will "gay-conversion" be part of the curriculum?  You've donated so much $ to them already you horrid, oppressive B/TCH!!!!!
you suck too
Have you visited public schools before making this estimation? Have you studied factors that cause inequity in schools? Do your research!
you're married to the CEO of a "multilevel marketing" (pyramid) scheme. I question all your decision making
How will taking $ from public educ produce positive change?!
the status quo would be a step up from you. #noexperience #200million
No, it's not. You should be the first to retroactively sue all of your grammar and literacy teachers. #ibeforeeexceptafterc
Thank you being a supporter of school choice! Congrats! :)
Public school: mismanaged funds for years. Why should I put my child in a for-decades broken system hoping for change?
well you must live in a bad area. Public schools I sent my kids to were excellent. Must be neighborhood
appointing a secretary of education whose previous most mentally demanding task was dressing herself is unacceptable.
trump teaching kids to name call is devastating, especially with mike pence 's @nra handing out guns like candy. Put gun safety on LAUSD CPS classroom curriculums. Children should not be name calling like trump does.
name that vision...go!
Only way to do that is get cluelesspoliticians out of education.When was the last time any of them were in the classroom? ?
do you ever go 2 disneyland? i'd love to see/ throw a turkey leg @ u there
Hang in there!!  They know not what they say- we want non-politicians in office-Welcome!
"perfect pick" supports voucher programs and charter schools along with common core education. none of em work
many don't have the financial resources to do so #debunked
We have a poverty crisis. Not an education crisis. Districts with money outperform the world. Poverty affects performance.
-People like you are not "acceptable" & have no right to "call the kettle black!"Must have passed the Tump grab test to get this
War on Children, War on Education must be stopped. No test ever taught child how to raise a good kid. @BetsyDeVos @PoliticsK12 @DianeRavitch
didn't know children raised other children, but ok
If you don't recognize the War on Children waged by the right, you're not paying attention.@hartsigns @BetsyDeVos @PoliticsK12 @DianeRavitch
Don't take away money from public schools.  If a parent decides on a school instead of public schools they have made a choice, they pay for the school themselves.   My taxes, I do not want my money to go to private schools
Students should have a relationship to agriculture & fashion things by hand to #MAGA, end #SocialJustice indoctrination
Agreed!  I hope for your confirmation...public education needsa true shake-up to truly help our children learn in classrooms!!
What's not acceptable is your nomination and your apparent ignorance of simple grammar #haveshame
Yeah, I agree. Who wants all kids to be accepted and supported so that they can live to their greatest potential? It's awful. :(
i am honored to say that i will visit the doc b/c of u
ur existence is unacceptable
"make American education great again" code for destroy public schools so that everyone will be ignorant
OH SHUT UP
Lets lift up the inner cities. We all need to participate the American dream. God's speed Ms. DeVos.
Status quo in education not OK, you're right. We must stop theft from public schools by voucher, boost teacher pay. @BetsyDeVos @PoliticsK12
.@EdDarrell .@BetsyDeVos .@PoliticsK12 Oh yes always throw more cash at failure Hope is not a strategy #fail
Tell us what business in history has fired its way to success. Pay cuts got good results for who?  @jmcwa1 @BetsyDeVos @PoliticsK12
You're not even there yet. How can you assess the status quo?
RU kidding?  Status Quo is well known to be abysmal failure.  New ideas needed.
Trump's proposals to gut education also not acceptable. You must choose to honor your oath, or support Trump. @BetsyDeVos @PoliticsK12
@realDonaldTrump @womensmarch @maddow Trump has as much vision as u.Public Edu is great until racist predators show up #Impeach
First order of business should be to get unions out of the classroom and implement performance-based pay and incentives.
The problem lies in how to achieve the mythical merit pay line. It's been tried many ways and all have been found invalid.
But why?
Bc what is it that you are going to measure merit with? How? That's why.
Admittedly, I do not know that I can answer that question.
Exactly. And neither has anyone else that has tried it. It sounds great, but isn't equitably achievable.
American education IS great. Underfunding public schools denies students their top choice, a good school close by. @BetsyDeVos @JohnJHarwood
If American education "IS great", why are we failing and behind other countries (yet spend more)?  @JohnJHarwood
We don't have parents that care about their kids or they can't help.
Vouchers and charters cannot help in such a situation, often do damage. @PatriceMolnar @BobbyM62 @JohnJHarwood
Definitely agree that vouchers do not help.
Where did you teach? Did you go into a public school? Unless you have been in class with struggling kids, you're not qualified!
Then you should know school vouchers don't work. Destroys property value of white households tied to all white schools
Did you seriously just write that?!
We hope you no longer support common core.
I have taught for 22 years and support Common Core. What have you taught?
why does someone need to teach to oppose common core?
because teachers have experience and know what common core actually is
Are you for or against Common Core?  I teach it and love it. More importantly, the kids thrive on it.
I'm leaning towards pro. Considering I'm a student myself, I've been too focused on assignments to notice any difference lol
I am 4th gen teacher, 22 yrs teaching.  Hate the idea of non-teacher (DeVos)  passing judgement on my job.
you keep saying the "status quo" right now the status quo is to graduate high school and to go to college.. isn't that good?
I hope you formulate your opinions and gather what you want to implement for our countries education system better.
i LOVE my kid's public school, with less $ because of vouchers, it would not be the same, it will be ruined for the rich..
I went to college as a millennial. I'm now 70K in student loan debt and underemployed because there are no jobs. Advice?
when was it great? you thinking before brown v board?
You won't get the opportunity.
Maybe it would help if Pres. Carnage hired someone who knew what they were doing.
Okay, so add 2+2 and give us an un-conservative answer... #NeverBalancedAbudgetSinceEver

I'd like to see your degree, oh I'm sorry I forgot you don't have one but we're putting you in charge of the nations education
She has a bachelor's degree from @CalvinCollege.
in what
business administration & political science
I'm sorry, can you tell me about your background in education?
Read about her decades of experience in education reform here:
So she runs PACs and she has no actual background in education but rather financial firms. For what I see, she wants voucher programs?
Yes, she is a huge advocate of #SchoolChoice through the policies of #school #vouchers and expanded #CharterSchools.
But let me ask you this, from an ethical standpoint, does $200 million donation dollars pay for a position in politics? Or just coincidence?
Look, I hate the influence of $ in politics. We need serious campaign-finance reform.
Spineless. Have a good day.
it would be even more of an honor and a privilege to watch you and your cohorts departing ceremony. hm, i'll wait.
No ma'am....you are not right for this job..you have no experience and you are not wanted!
i hope the senate grows some balls and rejects you. You're unqualified and your hearing was a clear fail. #bewarethebears
Since when is federal law only followed when there are federal dollars used? Laws should always be followed regardless of money.
LIAR LIAR LIAR  There hasn't been a worse choice for schools since Dolores Umbridge. I'd take her over you!!
He has a vision? LOL
what do you think would make education great again? What reform movements would you like to go back to?



...the president elect should invest in his own education first..since he sounds illiterate
You must have really wanted this. Swamp residency is expensive.
https://www.facebook.com/JusticeWriters/photos/a.744985628984229.1073741828.729272437222215/765294993619959/?type=3&theater …
I go to a public high school in St. Louis and I am getting a great education. You're whole idea of schools is a nightmare.
Privatizing schools will not make them better and low income children will suffer. Our schools need more government funding
does that mean enforcing IDEA?
With you in charge would you put you kids in public school then? Since they went to private school
Concerns about charter schools are the lack of oversight. and performance of ESL and minority students. How will you address?
But ur fighting 2 reestablish the status quo of US history by advocating a system that was born out of hatred for Brown v Board.
came to your page to see why so many say you are clueless to education. why is that? #lookingforanswers
What's acceptable? Guns in schools, lack of protection from sexual assault on college campuses & profit? How much $ is enuff 4 u
.@BetsyDeVos @realDonaldTrump NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS!!
does this mean you are going to make colleges affordable? Or give more money to help failing schools?
@ChadAMiller8 neither are you, mrs moneybags.
@LoverofAll777 with all best wishes for extraordinary results -Congratulations @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
GOD bless her for tolerating the insults from the ignorant left and working 4 free!#MAGA

YOU are NOT ACCEPTABLE
neither is your nomination.
that's great but maybe a person who's stepped foot in a public school in their life would be better suited
America needs 2B united again. No more adversarial two party system. The only way is an American education. Excellence & pride.
End COMMON CORE FAST!!
Big Worries About Betsy DeVos http://nyti.ms/2joDn6j 
Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Education Pick, Plays Hardball With Her Wealth https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/09/us/politics/betsy-devos-education-secretary.html?smid=fb-share …
Missouri schools far below national average. Graduate barely literate with horrible math skills. World-class fail.
ILL SAVE THIS TWEET FOR YOU,...REVISIT IT IN A YEAR
The status quo is acceptable because you are greedy Betsy!
TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!! NOT MY PRESIDENT!
See Betsy! You are a good thinker but a dirty one just like your fellow right wing thugs! UNION BUSTING!
Public education is working! Charter schools suck! Just another right wing tactic!
Betsy! You never taught in a classroom!
CEO"S are in charge of charter schools! Betsy knows herself that it is about the money! Betsy shame on you!
No you have never taught in a classroom and you have no clue of what it is to be a teacher!
You are greedy and evil!
we want someone with experience! Tell Your Senator to Vote NO for Betsy DeVos 
http://networkforpubliceducation.org/2016/11/tell-your-senator-to-vote-no-for-betsy-devos/ …
Have you taught school?  Don't tell me my job!  22 years veteran and successful Common Core teacher. Get an education.
@jasonrapert congratulations!  So happy we finally have a great leader on board!
We the People love you!
Any response to the book, Reign of Error? What does @DianeRavitch think of your plans?

@EricGreitens why not make the Public Schools equal no matter what zip code they are in?
You have a chance to make REAL improvements to our education system. Hoping you follow through. Good luck!
@EricGreitens Education isn't a thing one does to people.  It's a thing people do for themselves.  Enablement, not entitlement.
@EricGreitens lady you can kiss my ass along with all of your bought republican fellows
#1 priority is to educate people about Amway & other MLM scams:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6MwGeOm8iI …
the status quo of buying political clout is not acceptable.
Congrats on becoming our new Secretary of Education. We need changes. Please read link . http://twitdoc.com/6Y9P 
it's most of his supporters that are idiots and can't even process a complete sentence. Fix them first 
says a billionaire that has never attended a public school. Has never taught in a classroom. Doesn't have an education degree.
http://www.newswithviews.com/iserbyt/iserbyt115.htm …
U r going to rip it to shreds, ruin it for all commoners little miss rich girl.
UNESCO ED-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNeimlu9jxk …
#MAGA implies that America is not great now & that gov't, not citizenry, is what makes it great - message @GOP *used* to reject.
Totally agree.. shake up the system for the better as i cannot be any worse.
Keep Common Core the hell out of American schools.
what makes you qualified? You have no idea what your getting yourself into with Zero exp. Good luck you are going to need it.
Congratulations! My prayers is for God's wisdom, guidance, and understanding will help you to be successful in MAGA. God bless!
R U 4 or Against COMMON CORE?
best thing you could do, CLOSE the DOE let states control their own schools. STATES RIGHTS.
@GrandpaRiley be an advocate for their food it's not edible
buses are not safe when kids are being thrown in the floor from making a turn , no joke happens everywhere, safety so can learn
you are a great addition,too team Trump,God bless
you support the outing of gay children to their homophobic and bigoted parents, putting them at risk of abuse. UR A BAD PERSON.
I hope you take time to sit down and speak with a LARGE group of diverse PUBLIC school educators asap!
change is needed, but the answer is not vouchers or charter, it's a "strategic" plan to change things. Agreed about Common Core
Another privatization junkie who never worked a single day as a teacher or administrator and hopes to put religion in schools.
Are you planning on requiring the teaching of creationism in science classes?
congratulations!!  Let's #MAGA
you are a breath of fresh air to those of us who are fighting the good fight for students in Rhode Island!
an Anti-science, billionaire, big-$ GOP donor with zero professional experience in education. Good luck with that, USA.
I challenge your thinking that American education isn't already great I welcome you to my school to witness greatness.
1. You've never professionally worked in the public education system. 2. You're a member of the Christian Reformed Church.
. You won't be confirmed, as a phony Christian. Jesus would support public schools.  Christianity is a cloak for ur right wing bs
Impeach Trump
I am a public school teacher in TX and I implore you - do not destroy our public schools!!
yup another clueless billionaire  friend of Drumpf what could possibly go wrong 
Hillary won HUGE with teachers unions, with nearly or over 80% of them voting for her. Tump garnered only 20 % if that.
.@BetsyDeVos One more person who's never set foot in a classroom thinking she knows better. You don't. You know nothing about educating kids
Quick! Name 5 education theories. How many public schools have you taught in? How old is the Earth?
just like trump, you are not experienced enough for this job. What is going through your empty mind right now? #dumpDevos
when you say "great again" which period in the past do you think it was great?
religion must be removed form education for the good of the human race
Please make sure you leave science alone.
I heard you think public school teachers are overpaid. How did you earn your billions again?
Ugh by pushing creationism? I'd like to say I hope not but I bet so. Fucking unfortunate.
you poor silly lady.
@Grummz Isn't she that psycho Creationists from a few years back? How are people still educated like this? Maybe it wont matter.
Time to teach the kids some real facts like earth is flat & only a couple of K yo. It'll be terrific. It will. @realDonaldTrump
why is the word "public" missing when you refer to education? A great Public Education for all is needed!!
Congratulations! We are happy you are on board.  Happy Thanksgiving to you and you family.
, is this acceptable? You have no morals.
you are unqualified

I challenge you to cut the staff and the budget of DOE.  We'll be watching.
sucking money out of public schooling to subsidize private schools for the wealthy is not the answer @BetsyDeVos
You are not acceptable to those who value public education. Big money rules in this nation. Sad day for the rest of us.
True--need to raise teacher salaries, expand inquiry based education and cultivate critical thinking skills--
keep religion out of our schools. And don't play "Robin Hood".
congratulations! Looking forward to 2017! Praying for you!
congratulations on your appointment. I know you'll make a positive difference. God bless you.
Congratulations. Shake up the status quo. Give underprivileged groups a chance for better education.  #MAGA
thank you.
Lets get back to Reading, Writing and Arithmetic.
The Eaton County Republicans woukd be proud to have you for our Education Secretary! @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @migop @RNC
FINALLY! some hope for inner city students. the unions are corrupt & too powerful. put the children first!  good luck!!
How does one who has never attended a public school know what the status quo is?
KNEA and the NEA need to be dismantled. They are a huge disservice to special needs kids! I was at receiving end as a kid!
@Kaybirds] Ed is run by a homosexual male Obama hiree. They have a dick for a brain to get to those little boys.
congrats! :)
@Al_Baldasaro time to clear out all the worthless liberals who are brainwashing and making our kids dependent on govt to live
Trump just hired another lobbyist & being cheered. Her lobbying group has destroyed MI school system and she's thanked for it.
I agree my 10 year old grandson struggles with common core as his parents and me as we try to help him get rid of it soon please
@slo129 Please restate your position on Common Core.
PLEASE repeal & replace indoctrination &  dumbing down with ACTUAL education, & MAGA
#1 priority should be to educate people about MLM scams like Amway and $HLF/Herbalife.
@INFPforTrump thank you. I was very worried for my grandson
#1 priority should be to educate people about MLM scams like Amway and $HLF/Herbalife.
