put their children in terrible school district's. There is a lot of fraud, waste and abuse in poorly ran schools. Please addres
"their children"??  Another Trump supporter using grabbing pic off the internet. This is old
did you read my complete statement, 2 or 3 post. I am black and have honor students stuck in bad schools
where do you live?  There are many outlets. I'm with you on that fight. It's achievable
I was told by my son teacher that she had nothing more to teach him, he is N the 9th grade taking college class
if he's able to take college classes in 9th grade sounds like school is not the issue.
I pay for those extra classe, there is a better advance school he could go to, but I don't live in that dist.
I pray choice happens tho not sure it will be enforced for all. I'm in NYC & they're many outlets for this issue
please issue new History books, removing slavery from our history bk to make DEM look good is wrong.We didn't come here freely
who did that ? Link please

You might want to research & read bit more-no intention to take it out. And certainly not polit
being taught about Black America and Slavery.  Find a current History and read it.
Why are DEM so against equal rights  when it comes to school choice. As a blk mom with gifted children,my choice of schools
School choice that is funded by for profit charters is not choice it is an illusion.
Many Charters school are non-profit. Also many are started by minority groups. If there wasn't such a need 4 (1of2)
Are you an educator? It doesn't matter if they were started by the NAACP most charters are staffed w/new teachers
I work for DES, and we see a high request for change or choice within our educational system.The lack acct overwhel
By whom suburban parents, religious extremist because I have worked in urban schools for 16 yrs.
as a high school teacher, you have my support! Wishing you the best & praying for your success in this new role! #ForTheKids
She's never been a teacher actually..
I understand, but at this rate the way education had been going, I'll take my chances.  @bottlewater962
So this woman is the best that the right wing can come up with? 
Boy no wonder Nazis, KKK and hillbillies support trump..
Hmmm so your saying someone that spends their lifes work as an advocate, just can't cut it?
I love Costco. I shop there.  A lot.  Doesn't qualify me to have say in how the company is run
Please REMOVE NOW
not a point I was arguing.  Only speaking to credentials of @BetsyDeVos . She has none

do you stuff the turkey with blood money?? disgrace to America. how do you sleep selling out kids everywhere.
we the people will be watching close to every move you make in terms of education.
You should sit down with people who actually ATTENDED public schools to learn about what they have to offer.
How many years until you can run for president? I'm voting Elena - whatever year it is - 15 years from now. Go Elena!
I miss and love you 
Miss you and Love you too. Hope school is going well. 
Couldn't sleep last night so I'm designing your campaign slogan. Elena Schmitt 2032. "The direction we need" with a compass.
this is incredible it looks exactly like my first tattoo . I love you so much this made me so happy.
It will obviously need some tweaking but I remember that tattoo and so it seems perfect. So - there, be president now please.
horrid choice
I thinks she should just help Ivanka with childcare. Reform.
You're the best.
enjoyed watching you get schooled yesterday.
You're amazing
@realDonaldTrump @joanwalsh @JoyAnnReid

You shouldn't be allowed anywhere near a child.
I believe that you will be a disaster on American education
#freecollege
Grizzly Bears??????
IDEA is important & the law that gets ignored all the time Eternity is a long time don't sell your soul by hurting special needs
do you still support the line of the Action Institute on allowing child labour? Or not?
Betsey DeVos is a cult psychopath who should be standing trial for tax evasion & fraud.
DeVos think the states should decide how to enforce the Indiv. w/Disability Act for kids. This is beyond dangerous & ignorant...
@2020fight
If Americans are at all interested in justice being served;Devos for the Gallows
@clanghoff1 @thinkprogress 
*OMG!
No knowledge,
No skills,…
Could you plz do something about senior exhibition 

GRATE JOB YESTERDay I'm so proud of you!! Fuck bears!!

NO COMMON CORE
NO COMMOR CORE 
  NO COMMON CORE
NO COMMON CORE
   NO COMMON CORE 
NO COMMON CORE 
  NO COMMON CORE 
Common Core was an effort to turn "education" into _liberal indoctrination_, kill independent thought!
@xformed @eavesdropann @wisecc1 @BetsyDeVos  There is independent thought in America. That's why Trump was elected.
True! But leftists have had great success, training young people to be mindless parrots!
True and it will take time for them to lean to thin for themselves.
looking forward to you shutting tf up
@realDonaldTrump can Trump dress up as a bear? @MMFlint @billmaher
Back out now, you're embarrassing yourself.
Thank you Betsy and congratulations! I hope u will consider reinstating home economics, wood working + organic gardening in education.
still waiting.  Maybe your busy being made a,fool of on Capitol Hill today?
You are very boring.
PROFICENCY vs. GROWTH - you don't know the difference? MY GOD.
Good luck with your confirmation hearings Betsy! The usual circus the left puts on is sad and embarrassing, but it what they do.
SAVE THE CHILDREN from this ridiculous woman @BetsyDeVos , .@realDonaldTrump
Liberals - you need to watch the documentary Waiting for Superman
they know you will hold them accountable for bad education.  The American people supports you
Betsy - thank you for serving our country.  Don't worry about all the hateful liberals.  The union rats are squealing because
Stay strong and you will be blessed!  North Carolinans who matter are on your side!
: Senator Sanders is right --had you not donated 200 million dollars you would not have been nominated! Pathetic!
: super funny that you want to lead DoE but don't know difference between proficiency and growth! Pathetic entitled billionaire!
this is so sad. This is not America  what happened to drain the swamp. Holy
The bill to replace NCLB
is as bad as NCLB. Common sense is all but banned.
The work that is ahead of you needs to be met with no nonsense convictions. Establishment has destroyed and abandoned the kids



what's your position on evolution & the teaching of creation mythos is public science classrooms?

please don't monetize our children https://www.dissentmagazine.org/article/got-dough-how-billionaires-rule-our-schools …
You better start looking for your mouth filled with Trumps balls!
GET USED TO IT IF YOU GET APPOINTED! LOSER!
if you believe that guns should be in school to protect children why don't you have the backbone and courage to say so?
god is watching and how you treat the poor is how god will treat you

My god, never in my life have I seen someone so unqualified for a job. I'm speechless.
Welcome to our planet Betsy! Sure hope you can figure out this school thing.
.@BetsyDeVos
how are you going to be in charge of Education when you can't answer yes or no questions
hope you turn the academic system on its head it's about time
that was horrible! Guns have no place in schools, growth and proficiency are NOT the same thing!!
You got grilled today, showed me you are inept and don't know basic laws.
Listen to @SenWarren grill you on how you are unqualified you are to lead our children's education
Mam, I have to say, I've never seen a more unqualified individual for secretary of education. Please stay away from our schools.
you're not Qualified. You're not wanted. GO AWAY YOU PARASITE
Sen. Al Franken discovers Trump Education Secretary nominee Betsy DeVos doesn't know the difference between proficiency and growth. 
aren't you worried about the lions and tigers? Oh my!
when this is over you'll wish it never happened- you are an immoral political hack who was embarrassed today #DeVosHearing
you are not prepared to run this office. Your record in Michigan is dismal. Your passion is noted but is not enough.
should give a course in how to not answer questions
Stop trying to inject your Abrahamic mythologies into our schools! #unqualified #SecularAmerica
1000 questions are coming,how many votes 51?easy peasy pie.yes I hav a disability,u will find the best teachers I know itjoy.
you did as good as you could without making the teachers unions made.they pay for the elections of the board.God be with u 10000
DONT LET THEM GET TO YOU YOUR DOING A GREAT JOB MY FRIEND.
In face of adversity U must know that U are a chg agent & as such generate fear-to affect chg u must win over adversity #TX
You do not believe in equity when you donate money explicitly to groups who devote themselves to hate.
you couldn't even google education before the hearing? Honestly...
Betsy, please get rid of Common Core. Our children are being taught lies about our country and it's distroing love 4 our country
Senator Warren certainly schooled you today.  Your performance was pathetic. Oh, and where is your background homework?
Betsy dear, it's a good thing you are rich cause you are a BIMBO!!!
You're a wonderful choice, but you stay out of mine and @realDonaldTrump's golden shower parties.
shotguns kill grizzly bears not automatic weapons. Well they do but that's not the point.
-get smarter about education before taking the office.  Please don't do to the USA what you failed at in Mi. so miserably
third graders take tests longer than you sat for your "interview"
proficient means high test scores.  Growth means rising test scores.
how can you not know IDEA?  How can you say no to forcing federal money towards supporting IDEA.  CHRISTIAN?
Franken made a fool of you. Drop out now. Rt
hey got a name of a good conversion therapy for gays? I know you do...
Your challenge by implementing President Trump's vision will disrupt the unions and status quo.

haven't you done enough damage to the Detroit schools? Stay away from the rest of our schools!
quit you need to just quit let someone else have the job you can't handle it
Congratulations!!! 

I'd love for you to visit Jenison Public schools (in West MI). I can show you how public HS prepared me for success in college.
is why you must ReSearch BeFore supporting #AnyOne including @maxrafaelwaller on #AnyThing - think: #WhoEventuallyBenefitsAndHow
#BetsyDeVos: ReSearch BeFore supporting #AnyOne including @maxrafaelwaller on #AnyThing - think: #WhoEventuallyBenefitsAndHow
Did you stuff the turkey with the money your brother laundered?
could you be more clueless about education?
please break up tenure, let students choose, offer more skills classes, teach standardized testing in class if its so important
You have to be thinking to yourself, these people are making decisions in Washington, no wonder this country's screwed up.
If you had not given $200 million to the Republican Party do you think you would be nominated to lead the Education Department?
UNQUALIFIED. You couldn't even answer @alfranken basic questions about education policy.
al roasted you lady , absoluetly roasted you - just quit and walk away , clearly out of your league here
YOUR PURCHASE of your nomination is not seen as a victory for ALL American children.

No degrees in Education. A billionaire who is #unqualified @realdonaldtrump #TheResistance #Ω
Wants to take money from public schools and give to for profit schools.  Follow the dollars.  Look at her investments.
You will dismantle the foundation of our country & democracy. #HoraceMann
you are the end to public education and the the enlightenment of our civilian population. The basis of our founding fathers!!
tell that Jewish guy next to you nethenyahu must go to jail in Israel he just like trump putin all think they run the world
what kind of school your kids grand kids attend you tell me . Do they take school bus 
 You guys come up in here with talking pt
Please explain how youre qualified ??? I'll be waiting. So will millions of parents teachers admin and BOE
We want2 help. What can we do 2 support your efforts. we need 2 b as vocal and involved as the progressives. Time 2 serve
Hi Betsy,you are wonderful I heard you're history from the Radio nueva Vida CEO, he meet you're dad long time a go
please Betsy, titution free and school of choice even private  school's.
don't take government funding and try to ram your fantasyland religious garbage into our young minds, it's indoctrination!
Good Luck Today... Win one for the Good Guys (Girls) 
comrade, separation of church and state are part of your constitution. Not even Russia allow that.
#Questions4Betsy: 90% of kids attend public school; you have no experience. What qualifications do you have for the job?
You're a mess!
Pay your FINE. How much does it cost to b in trump's cabinet?
Will you get rid of common core like president elect promise he would do? The system is design to waste students time instead.
She supports it
I hope your holidays are always filled with turdloafs and dingleberry sauce. You are among the worst Americans.
Hello Mrs DeVos . My name is Sarah,I'm glad to try to know you. Haveuheard of Marva Collins?SarahdeeHartman@gmail.com8137140844
tank u ma'am for ur dedication to fixing the broken and corrupt public schools! Teachers don't teach anymore, they preach 4-$
please promote vocational education for those students that are so inclined. Way toomuch money spent on athletes who can't read
How can you justify your nomination when looking at Detroit  schools public and private, your programs, are a disaster?
this woman never has even been to a private school. Rich at birth. Always was in private school. Does not deserve this position
were watching... Your failed Michigan charter school plan is bad for America!
you are a disease Betsy - possibly the worst of a pack of terrible nominees - I hope you die soon
Pay the money you owe to the State of Ohio! Are you content to be a right wing, ignorant, low-life in your irresponsibility???
Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Education Pick, Plays Hardball With Her Wealth https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/09/us/politics/betsy-devos-education-secretary.html?smid=fb-share …
supporting this?
and you demonstrated that how . The facts please

How do you feel about providing education to all people?  Please explain how vouchers will help all people receive education?
Looking forward to the hidden agenda I http://guess.Help  whites avoid having to learn with minorities.No. shame your gain
stay in, do homemaker, not qualified for cabinet #MakingAmericaStupidAgain
CLICK ON THE LINK BELOW TO VIEW THIS FUNDRAISER
  https://www.youcaring.com/towncountrylutheranandchristianacademy-718696 …
A 1st Grader donated his Piggy Bank of $100
CLICK ON THE LINK BELOW TO VIEW THIS FUNDRAISER
  https://www.youcaring.com/towncountrylutheranandchristianacademy-718696 …

SAVE TOWN & COUNTRY LUTHERAN SCHOOL FROM CLOSING!!
maybe you need to consult with him with "the very good brain" because God knows his penis makes him smarter than you
still waiting
still waiting for an answer to my questions.  Wait.....maybe you have no answer?
and each kid will pay $30 for an amway bar and an energy drink, or buy more for $28 each and sell to their friends. #scamway
school lunches will be amway bars and energy drinks! All students will be an Amway "independent business owner" 
