screw the public school system. So over it. Such a joke.
You didn't graduate did you...
you MUST be a liberal...resorting to ad hominem attacks. Lol.
tweeting nonsense about pub schools being a disaster generally will get u attacked. Educated idiot. Protect ur kid foil hat lady.
awww....precious snowflake is triggered. I could care less what you think, darling.
It's "I couldn't care less."  Hope you're not teaching your bubble kid English!
My kids are extremely intelligent and very well educated. Ty very much! But I know how important it makes you feel to insult.
@Angelabasso5 @BetsyDeVos @Trump_Videos Celebrated ignorance!
Charmed ignorance at that! 
Common Core is insanity. Somebody made a killing on the curriculum & not 1 teacher we have likes it. #notafaneither
I told the school don't ask me to help with home work
we do need to support our parents more in understanding the concepts. This is why CC gets a bad name.
kids marked down for getting the right answer instead of the common core close answer is why
this is because we want students to have a deeper understanding than just a rote response.
but I have a deeper understanding. I teach why (I homeschool kiddo) and how but my way not cc
just for clarification are you sure you're not confusing curriculum with standards.
maybe. I've never seen the standards. Only exposure IS the curriculum which is implemented badly at times.
NO COMMON CORE FOR OUR CHILDREN!!
@RSBNetwork When Rove & Bush's give a big nod....we know it's BAD!
QUICK! CALL HIM A RACIST!
Thank you. Congratulations then. Also you should verify your acct so people know it's authentic. Lots of fake accts on Twitter.
thank you and have a great Thanksgiving
congratulations Madame Secretary. Welcome to DC
- You have fought every candidate in #MI who opposed CC. You fought CC repeal & replace bill in #MI. @realDonaldTrump betrayal.
she fought more funding eduction MI due change common core,which required replacing every book, test..
That's good -- I have personally experienced the failure of our school system thanks to COMMON CORE - it's a DISASTER!!
Please elaborate on your personal experience with CC.
Common Core Crap (as I refer to it) is DESTROYING the education of our children!
Perhaps his excuse for getting low ASVAB score?
@San_Frexit you better not be, the whole dept of Ed should be gotten rid of actually.
- She fought #CommonCore repeal & replace bill in #MI.  What's that tell you?
Horror-show Bill Kristol loves it, that tells me something too.
Reads like lip service, your response sounds political. It appears you are very much pro common core.
.@BetsyDeVos please get Planned Parenthood the hell out of our schools!!
@kfobbs 
http://www.adflegal.org/issues/sanctity-of-life/investigate-their-plan/key-issues/creating-customers …
via @AllianceDefends
Much better to have teens getting pregnant, right?
Planned Parenthood's goal is getting kids sexually active so they can sell abortions
@n_flores04 @BetsyDeVos @kfobbs @AllianceDefends
Limitation of intelligence always shows through when you have no experience in life whatsoever!
Study up on the testimonies of former PP employees who experienced it firsthand 
Thank god please stop forcing it on r kids it just makes them DUMB
Support public schools. See Benton Harbor for how school choice and vouchers destroy a school district. Fund public schools.
more money?  Must be a liberal.  We have the highest funding, yet schools fail our children overall.
Right, why teachers make less than garbage men and schools cant afford supplies or books.
The "State" uses $16,000 per student for education. I send my kids to Private school for less.

Of that $11,000 avg per child, less than 50% go to teachers. We, the people have zero say in it.
No it's $6k in my district and my superintendent does everything she can to afford our amazing tchrs.
.@BetsyDeVos #CommonCore has always been about data 
To end it you must end massive #datacollection it's built on

Betsy how much did you contribute to Trump in order to get this job? Pay to play?
Apparently you didn't contribute to Trumps campaign in an amount you needed to get an appointment? It's public info.
great so tell me how much she contributed. That is so kind of you to do that
Actually, she has donated "billions" to education across entire nation...so watch your mouth!
You tend to have a foul smelling mouth as well. Maybe you should reconsider what you type on the keyboard. Quit dribbling!
can you provide details as to why you believe Common Core does not provide high standards? I read you Q&A. No answers.
@charlescwcooke I want to support this but my concern is that you praise Mike Pence's views that have no classroom.
sorry Betsy could you reply about your views on Pence's creationism vs evolution curriculum? Thank you
@charlescwcooke Betsy, do you believe religious curricula like creationism ought to be introduced under your administration?
I should hope not. Indoctrination begins at home. Start that then here come the muslims.
I'm imagining a scenario where funding has conditions including creationist curriculum.
why would it not?  What's wrong with learning about creation??
not that I want in this conversation but a muslim would ask the same about his crap.
agreed  the curriculum should be fair and teach both not just evolution
@TakeThatDarwin @Outlawdriver_72 @CaraOriel @BetsyDeVos @charlescwcooke which do you suggest we teach? 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_creation_myths …
Genesis
DeVos 8 million in 7 months.  Questions during senate hearings were frighteningly revealing of your lack of knowledge
I'm not a proponent of "Common Core", but support a system of public education: K-12, 13-17, 17-20, 20-22. Free Education for all!!!!!
.@BetsyDeVos thanks for the clarification and good luck as Sect'y! Our children are our most precious resource
Why then do we allow the poorest to suffer because of their zipcode? Fund Public Schools.
Throwing cash at poorly performing schools who never fix issues is same problem up here in Canada w/ >
Maybe the issue isn't the schools, but economic inequality. Fix society first.
The parents are a huge issue, but being poor doesn't have anything to do with being a good parent.
Define "good parent." You are clueless. I've worked in 100% poverty school for 20 yrs. Good Parent is BS talk
Good parents are made by culture, not money. Our culture is being purposely wrecked by Marxists.
Foil hat removal time.
WOW. Way to take women's rights back 100 years #TitleIX
Common Core contains skills every individual needs to have in the 21st century. DOE must think about the future of all students.
So, did USDoE eliminate this abomination yet? If not, WHY? If so, WHEN?
How do you square your extreme Anti-Gay background with a public servant type of role?  Especially at a Federal level?
Was her Mother did not believe same sex marriage...NOT HER! take your racecard on down the road troll!
You may be an entrepreneur but HOW mathematically inclined are you? What's the highest math you have achieved?
Ben Carson is a surgeon who owns a home = HUD. You never attended public school = Sec of Education. Trump is an idiot.
@charlescwcooke Off course not. You're a billionaire heiress with time on ur hands to fuck things up for the rest of us. Enjoy!
you lose again
Bring back cursive too. And regular math. My granddaughter can't even add 25 and 25.  The liberals have dumbed our children
Give the math a chance. It's a new process but goes beyond algorithms so Ss can reach a deeper understanding.
NO the children can't add 25 and 25 in their heads. You have to be able to do that. Bring back cursive.
And how exactly will learning cursive help children do simple arithmetic? Bring back music, which has been proven to help learning math.
what does that have to do with the worst education trend Common Core? We are Americans! Not races etc
What is your source for this quote?
@justinamash so are you or have you been a teacher at the "tip of the spear"?
If not what where do you get your advice?
Please look at her life's work! You'll see it's dedicated to better Education and she Donated Billions!
Only if you define "better Education" = "increasing profits for shareholders of private schooling corporations"
@realdonaldtrump isn't draining the swamp, he's filling it with his own brand of 1% pond scum.
Betsy DeVos, a huge advocate for school privatization, admitting her family buys influence with campaign donations 
Woman has gifted billions of $ edcuation...If you have no solution..KEEP INSULTS TO YOURSELF!
YOU apparently DON'T live HERE in Michigan where she has ruined hundreds of schools!
NO BUT BROTHERS SPECIAL NEEDS SON WENT SCHOOL SHE PAID BUILD,,,,PUBLIC SCHOOL NOT TAKE HIM
Yeah hard 2 believe that, I have 2 special needs sons that have AMAZING schools.
@justinamash Then you are a fool who has never been in a public school. I've seen it in action and IT WORKS. #idiot
@alllibertynews @BetsyDeVos @justinamash , 2+2=5, dose'nt work, nor does revisionist history. You're wrong.
I've aided in these classroom. What you describe is NOT accurate. You're misinformed
, says the one onboard with this shit.
What are you talking about? Do you even know?
, 5 kids, battle common core indoctrination every day.
Agree with that. Two of my three kids have common core. Absolute nightmare.  @LynneGuire
Most parent who say that are mainly frustrated that they do not understand the newer learning processes.
with us educators and school districts before you destroy something so important and we all lose our jobs too. Thanks.
How about improving PUBLIC EDUCATION instead of encouraging privatization of it all education?
because anything "public" is worse than anything "private"
that's sad. Good education should be available for EVERYONE. Not just for those who "choose" it.
No, it shouldn't.  Public education funds are largely wasted on those who dont value the opportunity
wait?  You're saying education shouldn't be available to everyone? Are you a fan of how China does it?
no, Im saying choice of education makes it more effective. We have a babysitting warehouse system.
what makes you think charter schools (often run by business minds rather than educators) can fix our ed sys
because private biz is always better than public. Otherwise their $ stream goes away. Simple
that page couldn't have been more vague on your stances if my dog wrote it. I'd stop directing people to read it.
Hooray!! This is a new day, when our elected representatives answer us directly. Thank you! @BetsyDeVos
thank you for not supporting common core, PERIOD!  the sooner that common core is abolished, the better!
@seanspicer Wishing You the Best and Thank You for Helping Educate our Children and Grandchildren .
Thank you for clarifying this. I think you'll be great as the Education Secretary.....
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence Great Choice. Let's make Education and American great again.
@justinamash fund public schools
DEMOCRAPS GET OVER IT,When things get to much 4
yah, relax chill & singalong Mocha Latte Low Fat Grande
Hallelujah! God bless you and give you wisdom to turn the education system I the right direction.
Many want the DOE closed w/all education sent back to parents/local/state..what R your thoughts?

@jaketapper Neither are we.
so you were for it before you were against it. You must think we deplorable are really stupid
.
Mad at myself because I read a headline saying you were FOR Common Core. Should have dug in. Return education to communities!
.@BetsyDeVos Common Core standards were developed by the states, and Common Core was not forced upon states by the federal government.
.@BetsyDeVos President-Elect's campaign promise to abolish the Common Core is simply illogical.
thank you for clarifying
then get rid of it for good.  No "fixing".  We need to get US education back to the top of the global heap. #17thto1st
Will U #StopCommonCore as Prez-Elect @realDonaldTrump promised? 
"Choice" improves nothing if #CommonCore is the only choice.
YAY! Why anyone would want to make math harder is beyond me. Math is hard for lots of people. Make it easy so they can learn
USA needs a major over haul of the  major Left teachers and professors and bring in teachers that really each
glad to hear. Those choices are state things.
what do U say about those that says you want to privatize education for $
Awesome.
Good for you. You go girl. Be tough on their globalist sacreligious hypocritical  abhorrent perverse doctrine.  Saxe our kids!
Original vision of CCSS died long ago. Question still is how to ensure high academic standards for ALL.
Thanks I don't have young children in school but I know core is not good for our future leaders.
you need to be a fighter against it not just "not a supporter"
you were for it before you were against it before you were for it?
Things change...how many democrats voted for Trump!
Your stance does not say why don't you like common core. What experience do you have? #teachingindenver
How about dedicated her entire life and billions of her money for better education for our Nation...
Good Luck, America is rooting for you!
glad to hear you're not advocating for #CommonCore. Education is a local/state matter. Good luck!
Good. That's what I wanted to hear.
Most of those ranting against it have no idea what it is. They only know they are "supposed" to be against it.
.@BetsyDeVos Are you [still] on board of Jeb Bush's Common Core-supporting edu foundation? https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/01/why-school-choice-advocates-should-be-asking-hard-questions-of-trumps-education-pick-betsy-devos …
 #MAGA #dts
@MatStaver
@FLlovesTrump79 Don't have to read your stance we'll be watching it
link doesn't work. Not a great start to attention to detail.
how if it is  state ran
A must see: Charter Schools: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO) https://youtu.be/l_htSPGAY7I   via @YouTube
Many educators hate it too.
charter schools are a scam, Betsy will be able to setup the next fraudulent Trump "business"
What is your background in education?
trying to read your stance.  This is a dead link.
You are a liar--and a Marxist! Pro-Common Core Betsy DeVos as Education Secretary... Facts>>> http://alturl.com/mpdne 
@JackBPR Thank You Betsy This means allot ! Common Core has Destroyed Our Schools It all Started with No Child Left Behind Too!
Common Core is a socialist scheme set in motion long ago by saul alinsky. Its garbage and should be tossed out
absolutely thrilled about your continued service the the American Dream and beyond
what's the problem with national standards to level the playing field regardless of where you go to school?
I'm a grizzly killer
@disciple96 great to hear but, as a conservative educator, I'm still concerned about the dismantling of public ed....
As long as the department of education and teacher's union is against you, then you must be a good pick
great to hear!! Founders never thought Feds would control education! Let 50 states innovate as they please & compete!!
thank you, please eradicate ALL of it from the education system
Thank you for clarifying Betsy - please get Islam out of our schools and help bring America back in!  Thank you! #MAGA and GL2U
@JasonMillerinDC Congratulations. Looking forward to you assuming the position. Hoping for positive changes.
Duh. She's a charter school fanatic and loves the idea of public funding of faith-based partnerships.
do you intend to make the entire nation as terrible as your have helped to make the DPS?  or will that just be a bonus perk?
You are a liar---period.

http://blogs.edweek.org/edweek/campaign-k-12/2017/01/betsy_devos_on_common_core_civ.html …
who wrote this for you?? You're really really bad at answering questions on your own so I'm just curious
education choices.Because no one would like their own children educated their specific way.Everyone can understand
If we would have had them before, people wouldn't believe in fake news and not voted for trump.
great!
my 10 year old daughter is excited to see CC gone. Best of luck Betsy.
Thank you for clarifying. We don't want to teach to the lowest common denominator. Best of luck in your new role.
THANK GOD you do not support it!!Was  when I heard you didI have tons of pics of the INAPPROPRIATE & DUMBED DOWN curriculum

wanted to read your stance on Common Core,  but the page is down. Please post asap.
fund public schools, everyone deserves a quality education, not just those in certain zip codes.
May I also suggest you read the Constitution. Team you've chosen to work for seems to have neglected that.#separatechurch&state
so very excited to have you in this position! I know you are going to clean up the system! Your perfect for this YUGE task. 
also please teach more American History it's lovely to learn about world history but we need to master our own first
good to hear!
Here's the correct link:
@DougIbendahl If Jebra likes and endorses you, that's a problem. The Bush's and Romney are dead to the real Deplorables...
Betsy DeVos, Trump’s Education Pick, Plays Hardball With Her Wealth https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/09/us/politics/betsy-devos-education-secretary.html?smid=fb-share …
good work.
Whew, thanks for that clarification!
Decisions back to States. Raise US education levels. No more meditation & Chinese in K-8. Back to basics! @realDonaldTrump
thank goodness! No common core!!!
You are aware that the Repubes demanded it, correct?
@DineshDSouza hopefully you will slowly return education to the states and local city, towns. Where it belongs.
Will Evolution as "controversy " get My child a job in Silicon Valley?
Thank you for your honest approach to this job...It is people like you America will, no doubt, be Great again. Thank you!
Thanks for the Trumpian type update!  It's always better to deal Directly with your audience/supporters.Good luck&get us to #1
Thanks for your CC stance... it's your stance on public educators' pay that worries me HEAVILY.
time to get rid of common core!!!
U hv a bad reputation too which could ruin education altogether unless u remain open-minded but will you,...
Nothing on federalism or abolishing the US DoE. and then there's this: http://stopcommoncorenh.org/sccnh/2016/11/23/bad-news-on-trumps-u-s-secretary-of-ed-appointment/ …
Congratulations Secretary @BetsyDeVos
Please stop the liberal contolled education system's indoctrination & brainwashing of our children!
Of course. The GOP is anti-education. Privatization is putting tax dollars in ur friends pockets. GOP loves the poorly educated.
Me either.  I have been in accounting for almost 30 years and can't help my granddaughter with math.
thank god get rid of it
education begins and ends in the home. Teachings true effect is realized when the two work together.
thank you > God Bless
you need to talk to Bannon at Brietbart http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/11/23/trump-announces-gop-mega-donor-betsy-devos-education-secretary/ … God bless you Betsy - the fire works start now
Congratulations! Please save our children from the brainwashing they receive in school re:climate change, patriotism, history
I think the debate on school choice is just as important as the debate on abortion. I wish it got more attention.
Congratulations, @BetsyDeVos.
Ma'am, as a State Legislator in West Virginia, I'd like for you to know that I am very concerned about CC.
So explain away the $5.2M fine in Ohio for illegal campaign financing.
you did a great job today!
Then why do you sit on the board of FEE?
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Great news you don't support Common Core. Let's abolish it period.
Please help remove insane anti-white communists like Melissa Click from our schools:
so let the states choose not D.C correct?
The page is missing. :( I wanted to read it.
-yeh !!
what do you have in mind for special education?
Thank you.  We need to dispose of Common Core.
I'm more concerned that you have zero experience as an educator. #youreinoveryourhead
I want to know how @BetsyDeVos can explain anti-common core Michigan moms having to FIGHT her on Common Core. #CommonCore #2017
Great. God Bless you and have a Happy Thanksgiving.
thank you. I needed to hear that.
If Trump chose you I know you'll do a great job!
page not found- How do you plan to ensure that students/teachers/curricula nationwide are being held to appropriate standards?
your actions have spoken otherwise. Americans are going to be all over you.  Flip flopping is not going to be tolerated
Explain this.
is it true you are anti-gay?
Thank you. Common core is not an effective method. Thank you. We appreciate you.
Wishing you the best and congratulations on your nomination
@andersonDrLJA
Thanks for posting this Betsy and all RTer's I was worried it would be year 4 before we addressed it.
Happy to read that. Was about to tweet Trump to ask if still going to get rid of CCore & dismantle DOE with Devos??
Thank you for the clarification! That was my first ? when I saw the announcement. You will do a great job! Congrats to you!!
I think much disdain of CC is actually fear. To learn it, you may not have such strong negative thought & feelings re: CC
no, it's not there you "full stance" where tf is it?
From Spain (I'm an Acton friend long committed to educ) I wish you all the best in this new challenge that you are facing!!!!
don't need to. She's all about child labor:
Holy shit. Even after all we've seen the past few weeks, I still had to research that last RT before I could believe it. And.... holy shit. 
.@BetsyDeVos @DineshDSouza yes! THANK YOU!It has destroyed the confidence of parents,they feel helpless when it comes to helping their kids.
. @BetsyDeVos you may say you're not a supporter.. but your actions and money speak much louder than words.  Please act to stop CCSS.
. WOW @alfranken @SenSanders @elizabethforma her page was taken doan about common core?
Thats what I just posted Betsy! I doubt your anti-pub ed either. My wife's taught 25 yrs. Says common core most regressive ever.
Does your husband own charter schools??
since you don't know about growth vs proficiency, you wouldn't understand Common Core. Ask a teacher for help!
CONSERVATIVE TREASON: SELLING OUT YOUR CHILDREN
https://www.newswithviews.com/iserbyt/iserbyt120.htm … find charlotte iserbyt ask her for help.
Your thoughts on Common Core are right, it should be taken out, no one understands it and teachers don't know how to teach it
I'm Glad U were chosen! I'm so excited! We need to teach our kids Patriotism! Martha Washington, Love of Country
I hope you can hit the ground running, please "GET THINGS DONE" + "ASAP" + Our Edu System is now a brainwash machine for libs.
@sunnykcollins i am hopeful for our children's education under your leadership.My heros have always been my teachers they taught
A lot of generalities. Comments say more - answer them so we know "who you are"
