@SensiblySecular @BetsyDeVos @TMAtalks She doesnt have a clue
Don't you like choices in your life? - That's what parents want 4 kids.
Not at the expense of my tax dollars or another kid's education. @EdOptionsNow @Americandobette @Blob_Fish @BetsyDeVos @TMAtalks
what is your solution to the failed school system?  @Americandobette @Blob_Fish @BetsyDeVos @TMAtalks
What's your evidence that it is failed? @EdOptionsNow @Americandobette @Blob_Fish @BetsyDeVos @TMAtalks
Decrease literacy rates. Increased rate of suicide of minors. Kids r lost
Schools with mandatory attendance laws are day prisons. - And they are monopolies using govt force.
Thurgood Marshall would be horrified to see you in the cabinet.
Your tenure will be over soon enough.

... more meaningful if you've been visiting before... where did you make an appearance before your role today?
And what happens to all of those schools no one CHOOSES?
Sorry for all the misinformed rhetoric of the left.#SchoolChoice #ParentalChoice is new #CivilRights agenda. We'll win
so where's your research that it works?Studies show it widens the achievement gap. #oppositeofcivilrights
There won't be much school choice when you privatize education. You claim to want "equality", and all that will do
wow a charter school why not a true public school. Oh wait you do not support them.
finally, somebody let ur evil ass in their school. God will punish them when u collapse the education system 4 profit.
entrng school.pepl can b rude these days.pls do a good job be equal to peep who disag wit u.trump lang is reas pep r 3
is further create a divide between rich and poor. I would love for you to come to my classroom for a day.
Betsy, Betsy! Don't you realize these schools have no choice but to welcome. Careful, you're not getting too excited.
If you get a test answer wrong it is not tell them #alternativefacts works for POTUS why not on a test
Thurgood Marshall cries I heaven. He was the true reformer.
Mrs . Secretary i am a democrat an my kids all grad.i was a sing father of 5.let me apolg.4 protestr blkng u frm 1/2
what public schools did you speak at?
Very enlightening for a know-nothing
How do you feel about the other school? The one that blocked you because they know you bribed your way into office.
Betsy how long were you a teacher? What grade levels did you teach? What were your best moments as a teacher?
Going out on limb, but guessing Justice Marshall is rolling in grave since Segregation/Inequity Queen confirmed EdSec
school choice means choosing some to succeed and some to fail @ tax payers expenses. #elitism
Get out to the outstanding PUBLIC SCHLS IN U.S.! U r in a bubble of ignorance re: pub. educ. Very sad for our country!
Stop pretending that you really care about education . Its offensive to us.
do you even know who Thurgood Marshall is? Hint: he's not a grizzly bear.
Thurgood Marshall was educated in public schools. Your precious "school choice" will prevent future Marshalls.
Why don't you visit a public school?  Why are you afraid of us?
School choice is the second coming of "separate but equal." No thanks.
Whatever.....
what public schools will you visit? Important question since you have never been in one.
what type a stuff are you smoking it is time for a reality check flatten globes are you nuts
do teachers actually exist?
Oh my god! You actually spelled school correctly! You really are the best choice for education! Not.
no one welcomes you. You bought your position and now we have to deal with you. And we will
hope tha academy is re-think'n that decis'
She could care less about the kids in the photo...She would never invite them into her home
What happens when schools in low-income communities with diminished funds lose even more? #wealllose
As she bathed in Amway hand sanitizer anytime no one was looking.

will you be visiting public schools????
and you probably had no clue what they were talking about - just like your Senate hearings #paytoplay
#SchoolChoice is all you got. Pathetic. You know nothing else about education and care only for the privileged.
so predictable. #Incompetence
become an hero. Please asap
you shit in thurgood Marshall by even being here. Please become an hero.
r outcomes equals better schools.
where's your talks with a public school and all the good things they are doing...? Have you know heart or soul?
didn't type this, an aide did. Hers are signed -Betsy. nothing IMPORTANT or worthwhile was actually tweeted by 'The Idiot.'
That should be scary.
sad day for American children and teachers
For a secretary of education, your understanding of syntax pales in comparison to that of an average middle schooler.
let's see some visits to the Public schools of America.
You've got to learn some more exacting adjectives if you're going to pretend to be for education. UNQUALIFIED!
GO TO PUBLIC SCHOOLS & SPEAK! #NoOnDeVos
No! The American people are a majority, and they do not want Betsy DeVos.  $ does not=education
WATCH AMERICA SINK IN EDUCATION AS YOU TANK PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND ALL TEACHERS QUIT!!! YOU SHOULD BOW OUT NOW!!
Why are you yelling?!
Real teachers? I wonder.
This is not a public school, you carpetbagger.@BetsyDeVos @TMAtalks
Did you carry a gun in case of bears or rats or spiders? Can't be too careful.
@NDSS Why don't you believe children with #autism deserve an education?
That's the closest you've ever been to a school. You are a dishonest, disgusting, ignorant and dangerous woman.
Trying to make it look like you support public schools at the last minute will not make you suddenly qualified.
*cough cough* charter school.
https://www.publicschoolreview.com/blog/charter-schools-vs-traditional-public-schools-which-one-is-under-performing …
Why don't you come visit my school where I teach poor and special needs students to read?  What, you don't care?
you're pretty and seem like a nice lady, but during ur hearing, you didn't have a clue about public education! #sad
you're not about choice, you're about shoving your religion down desperate parents throats. Children deserve better
@intellwatch @TMAtalks go get em Betsy
@aliciagarza @peoplefor Thurgood Marshall would not like his name on this bad joke aka charter.A racist admin u $
unqualified, and sad choice. Please state your educational background in a classroom, as an administrator, or pub school student
we all know you never spent a day as a teacher, admin, or even student! You are as horrifying as your soon to be boss. Sad day
they welcomed you out of fear! For real! Know plenty at TMA. Behind your back they scoffed at you! REALLY!
So how does it feel to be the most disliked woman in America?
@womensmarch @WarrenBuffett Public education needs an advocate who cant write,spell & plagarized VanitaGupta #ExpelBet

Thurgood Marshall would be disgusted at the tyrannical nonsense in DC right now, and would voice his disdain
90% of parents choose their neighborhood schools, the ones you don't support, and want them to succeed. We love our schools.
You make terrible choices. You had to buy your way into power because your not qualified to do it on your own merits.
#SchoolsOfNOChoice for majority of children!
Is this the same DeVos who PLAGIARIZED her questionnaire for the Senate Committee?
stay far away from my kids school. I want them to look up to SMART intelligent women,
Not you
my childhood school in your state of MI is underfunded and failing because affluent students CHOOSE to leave district
#SchoolChoice let's those with the resources out of the failing system and locks the rest inside to burn.
Betsy was chose because with @POTUS she will get the job done.
I'll make sure my kids stay away from your brainwashing.  Scam artist!  Trump will be out soon and then the rest of you.
you are the stupidest cabinet appointment ever. You should be embarrassed over your hearings
Disgusting, illicit exploitation of African-American parents and children. SHAME. Devos: go home.

Hundreds of Blacks kids stuck in a failing school thank you!

you are unqualified and a fraud
Are you the English teacher? -Yes I are!
Did they teach you the difference between GROWTH and PROFICIENCY? Did you see any grizzly bears? #unqualified
Mr Marshall would despise everything you stand for
come to my school next! My students would love to show you what school of choice has done to their only choice #detroitstudents
of course a CHARTER school.
ATTN: VERY IMPORTANT. PLEASE READ.

https://www.facebook.com/notes/paul-howard/devos-the-future-of-education-in-america-part-1-devoid-of-qualification/1397666200296731 …

https://www.facebook.com/notes/paul-howard/devos-the-future-of-american-education-part-2-focus-on-her-family/1402291976500820 …
My head is still spinning from that stupid grizzly story you told!!!!! Wth were you thinking? Oh right, you weren't. You only think of $$$$
You are NOT FOR GOOD AND FAIR EDUCATION FOR ALL, You are for GOOD AND MORE $$$$$ for you, YOUR family and friends. NO PRIVATIZING. Be fair!
Look at me, I'm the captain. You are simply unqualified to lead the Education Department.
"teachers" or "faculty" are what we grown-ups call school leaders.
sure Jan
watch out for this grizzlies. #dumbbetty #mustdobetter
I'm with u @educationoption common core is putting money into the pockets of our dem congress. Time for real educ.
I hope they teach you something as you scare most educators!
What insight were you able to provide students at the T.M. Academy, regarding the future of quality education?
Even Conservatives are complaining about DeVos! That's how unqualified she is!
You're unqualified!
did you learn that Secretary of Education isn't for you? Go away!
I have taught at public, private and charter schools.  Nothing about you makes me proud to call you a leader.
How about going to a Public school and check them out! We have great public schools in California.
She is  not fit. Worse  than  a Grizzly.
School choice= what's good for the wealthy!   I challenge you to visit great public schools here!   #EverystudentEveryday
why don't you visit an inner city public school?
By chance is that a public school? Have u stepped foot in one of those?
how about stand up for pubic school teachers?!
I see @realDonaldTrump is loaning his adjectives to you.
you have no clue
And the people running things now have a clue? Open your eyes.
I didn't say they did. school choice isn't the "fix". My eyes are wide open. I live public Ed. Every. Day.
The offer stands: call me if u want me to explain the difference between growth and proficiency
Yes! She needs to go BACK to school snd leave education to REAL EDUCATORS!
Thought Donald was a GERMaphobe?
The writing, as well as the syntax and punctuation is on the proverbial wall.  Thanks, Amway.
teachers.  Produce lower test scores.  Have no standards for charter schools.  Dismantle literacy. Get richer.
You'll be nominated.  You'll bust unions.  Defund public schools. Make owners of charter schools rich (er). Hire unqualified
you are the worst.
Public schools do not support you, so you have to post pictures of you with private schools to make you feel better. #badchoice
we need to get you in the dept of education to turn things around
. HaHaHaa!
Resign yourself to a luck lustre and conflicted history lady. The USA deserves better
@peplamb @TMAtalks Looking forward to your confirmation, finally all kids will have a chance at a good education.
How? Please explain how? She's in it for profit. Have you not done your research in what she us trying to do. It's actually quite opposite
Profit? She's taking a salary of $1 dollar. People like you want to keep kids down.
Ih man, you really have not researched have yiu. Also, don't assume you know me. I can go on for days about this subject! Now, here we go..
and what did you speak about?
What R ur thoughts on special-education & IDEA laws? School staff needs more training on how 2 handle children w/ disabilities
#Loser no one cares about your thanks..
Will you be applying for an MAT program when you take office? Initial certification would be awesome.
Can you provide us with some insight into effective pedagogy based on your own experiences? Classroom-based action research?
How did you address issues of hunger? Cutting? Anxiety? How did you differentiate your instruction?
Go away!
What instructional strategies did you use? How did you assess their understanding?
stand firm, Betsy DeVos. Your value is far beyond the scope of Democrat politicians. God grant youcourage&tenacity.
DID YOU SEE ANY GRIZZLIES AT THE ACADEMY
Thanks Betty for your outreach.  In very blue CA and LA., Chargers are becoming more popular among parents
you need to come see a true trend setter. Jackson preparatory and early college. Charter school with a different philosophy!
There's a comma after the word "thanks." I learned that in public school.
So @BetsyDeVos , why are you so keen to state that the leaders you met with aren't the students' leaders? @TMAtalks #Unqualified
strong public schools make for a stronger America
they transfer the teachers and dont tell the next school that they r rapist,molesters,and abusers of children
im sure u know that schools take 4 yrs 2 fire teachers so they just transfer them even when there is abuse.UNIONS
PUBLIC EDUCATION. MERIT BASED PAY. #noDevos #NoDAPL #saveaca #nokxl #resist #indivisible #fascist #dictator #moron
ugh go away Betsy.
::  Wait.  You SPOKE?  In coherent sentences?  I call bullshit, Bets.
Betsy, I want you to bring USA citizens up to speed on drones. What HSs are doing AND college. Drones for security. Many skills neededRF,etc
I have utmost respect for TM and what this school does.  But, you need to learn about real word of public schools
Betsy, how do you plan on representing public education when you've never spent a day of your life actually involved?
You should come visit us @TMISMustangs You could hang out in my room for the day...I will get you a Dr. Pepper
time to admit you don't know shit about education go home. #novoteonDeVos
My grand daughter goes to Morey Montessori Public School Academy
Great charter school, thanks for your support Betsy DeVos
My nephew was there and loved the part where you tossed $100 bills in the air and watched the kids fight for them.
democratize access to private placement by reducing legal & financial barriers thru Special Education School Choice Vouchers
Nice try...enroll them in your pyramid scheme and go make some money.  You're out of your comfort zone.
