On @Medium | Sen. Alexander: “Senate should promptly confirm Betsy DeVos” http://buff.ly/2knfWin 
@Medium Why don't teachers agree with you? #PublicschoolProud
Because she is not about education at all. Devoss is about profit and spreading her pseudo Christian agenda
- because you didn't have enough money, you had to line your pockets with DeVos' dirty $$$$
Why? She has no qualifications at all to do that job.
schools are the biggest scam since religions pay no taxes. #notonethindime
you are truly the scum and blood-sucking creepy old men with cosmetic surgery, on the world's hate list. ugly, crusty, greedy.
No she shouldn't!
Obviously, Betsy you have not talked to a victim of sexual assault! My God help you! 
all of you are ridiculous.
They need an advocate! Not an unqualified person to "advocate" for them.  She would not have advocated for you.  (And you know why!)
The PBS. channel taught his grandkids,they'd be backwards as hell had he left it to her.
you are literally the worst.
OF COURSE TURTLE MCCONNELL AGREES! You PAID him enough to agree!
You ignored your own constituents- Parents Republican ones. Big money you sold out.
is the True Meaning of the Devil is Alive and He loves being Vile and Wicked
@Medium Our nation's kids will never get what they need under Betsy DeVos.
Old tired dinasour speaks
all of you are out of touch with reality.
but not an advocate for all kids, right? #ProtectTransKids
she admitted to having NO EXPERIENCE during the interviews. You're living under a rock

Mr. Rogers thought you were honest, he would roll over in his grave you lier.
However, my kids don't use the word shut up. It's rude.
Money talks and this isn't the teacher's union saying this. Your constituents are against.
@Medium U R all an embarrassment & the American youth does NOT support ur party's views.
Are you in to BLM
she is no advocate... just a rich useless person throwing money to get a job not qualified for
CLUELESS BETSY IS WOEFULLY UNQUALIFIED FOR THIS POSITION. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED ON THIS.
another mistake made you're on a roll to bring down America #NeverTheLessShePersisted
AND WE NEED TO GET RID OF SLIMEBALLS LIKE YOU. RUSSIAN TRAITOR
Now that you're old, your mine is wilting you don't care who receives quality education.
Two stupid asses do not make it right! We've been bamboozled!

Senator, I OPPOSE the confirmation of DeVos and I am your constituent.
also oppose one dime to fake education.  Nonpublic religious schools w alt-science. #notonethindime
how much stupidity can possibly fit in your gular sac?
Piece of work who bought her way into her position. Isn't that right GOP senators?
our nation's kids have real advocates, unfortunately none seem to be members of your party.
How much did she "donate" to you @SenateMajLdr ?????
We will persist!
I agree, you have no spine, and you have no principles. #GOPshame
@Medium and she made a foundation for you  right? Did she pay you?
turtle McConnell! You are a sexist toad not a leader.
y'all should be ashamed of yourselves. @BetsyDeVos doesn't even have a master's degree.
stop calling them kids! Children u idiots!
"...our nation's rich kids.." Fixed that for you.
Idiots.
McConnell, sucking on the tit that feeds his corrupt ass as usual.
Is there any other positions I can buy?
Our nation's kids need an advocate to protect them from @SenateMajLdr @BetsyDeVos @SenAlexander @usedgov
Mitch and his wife, like you, are on Team Vlad.
McConnell is an evil man, so nothing is says means much to many of us.
she is only an advocate for privileged kids. She wants to privatize education, you FOOLS! Was never even a teacher
why do you hate women Mitch?
and by "our nation's kids" you mean all kids right? Under that pesky IDEA? #ohright
Listen lady, paying the people who voted for you is hardly a vote of confidence.
.....u repugnants make me sick...party above people....i hope u dont get reelected...
.....but I guess secretary positions are up for sale to the highest bidder
....u wouldn't let this woman tutor ur kids let alone head rhe education dept
bought and paid for, we won't forget!
then find an advocate for them. You Mahe me believe in terms limits #Soulless
Maybe you should look to the countless of career educators for an advocates.
Hahaha...you mean rich kids need advocates? You're all morons. The rich get richer... #vomit
@Medium they are children, be respectful.
you sir are being warned: WE WILL #PERSIST
Another day, another Republican Nazi is born.
She is dangerous & unqualified. You put campaign donations from DeVos before education.
"Our nation's kids need need an advocate" & Devos conf soon are mutually exclusive.
#thisisspinaltap Money talks and money walks
Time to get people in off that have a backbone! Pay for play is all we have! #VoteThemOut
yes, we do need an advocate for our kids. Devos isn't it. Charters and vouchers don't work.
How possible if you ABOLISH the DOE? USA is ashamed of you all. http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/house/318310-gop-lawmaker-proposes-abolishing-department-of-education …
and the next action is removing you. A joke and a waste of space. You exemplify selfishness at the highest level.
She's literally the worst. Everyone will remember your role in all of this. #Complicit
How much money did she give you Mitch?  Oh, it is right here, $36,400.  Worth a vote eh?
you're literally the king of stupidity in the Republican Party. The world should strive to be the polar opposite of you.
horrible, disrespectful, corrupt leadership rep-ing this country's interests. #BeAshamedGOP
advocate? 
How much did she pay you? A prostitute is more qualified than DeVos.
@Medium no mitch. bought and paid for. you are all horrible and deserve zero support!
@realDonaldTrump completely unqualified another spot bought and paid for. Swamp filled to brim
bought and paid for with a high price tag
Mitch the turtle man prick.. been selling his voters will to the highest bidder 4 decades
You should be ashamed.  How much did your vote cost?
Mitch, lol. You're terrible.
Right, our nation's kids need an advocate for plagiarism in @usedgov.
Shame on you for supporting DeVos.  Highly unqualified.
@Medium We know how she "earned" those votes.
OUR nations publically educated kids. Make it happen Betsy!
RETIRE, fart dust.
It would be more convincing if Devos had any knowledge of the public school system whatsoever.
#VoteThemOut!
.@SenateMajLdr @BetsyDeVos @SenAlexander @usedgov Thank you, Senators, for standing up for Mrs. DeVos. Our students thank you, too!
how is she an advocate? She's a HORRIBLE choice!
Why, for what reason? What has Devos done that even qualifies her. You ALL sold out educaiton today!
@Medium Our children will suffer.  You all should be ashamed.
If they need an advocate why is she the choice for nomination? She won't advocate for all
Position was purchased.  What a horrible example for our nation's youth. Hang your heads.
you sold your vote! Shame on you! Money is the root the evil!
unqualified, no experience, no educational background experience! Shame on you!
I can hardly wait for be incoming, mandatory classes on the Bowling Green Massacre.
unqualified for the job! Shame on you!
hey turtle man why don't you crawl back into your shell
how much is she paying you to say that
No. Just stop. This Republican does not approve DeVos' confirmation. Anti-union jerk.
Glad to see your votes could be bought too. #nodems #noGOP #reallydraintheswamp
Is that "used gov"?
Because it would be silly to hire someone qualified for the job.
will that include my special needs children? I can't wait for 2018
Its good to know Republicans can be bought. I just wish I made enough money to buy one
you're all horrible people, horrible,  uneducated,  unqualified cockwaffles
I support choice, but she's not qualified. Donations and scared republicans got her job
They DO need an advocate!! Look at you McConnell! Agreeing with Democrats!
, you know she didn't know what IDEA was, right? And had many charter schools that failed??
why aren't you their advocate Mitch?
@SpeakerRyan Shameful. U owe an apology to all our amazing public school teachers.
@MadBarbi @SenAlexander @BetsyDeVos @usedgov Let's confirm Sessions and Gorsuch, too Stop the infantile behavior of the dems.
But she's not a supporter of public schools.  Have Repub no balls? How could they? Oh $$$
money can buy anything--including a Cabinet position. Shame on you!
all it took was $36,000 to get McConnell vote. Betsy got off cheap with you.
DeVos's not qualified. She's a partisan hack opposite to what the position needs.
you put another black mark in the history book. Not about education all about who gave the most money and De VOS did
our country needs advocates,not obstructionists & racists!#RepealAndReplacerepublicans !
McConnell is an embarrassment and an idiot if he thinks @BetsyDeVos Betsy DeFund is an advocate for kids!
expect for the fact that she is COMPLETELY UNQUALIFIED! You have proven that YOU hate America.  SAD!
You are the biggest sellout in US.  The bedrock of our country is public education. Shame!
think of special needs children...#shameful
Our nation's kids need a QUALIFIED ADVOCATE. YOU have failed them. #wewillremember #wevote
Why exactly? Can you please explain? #ItIsTimeToChangeTheSenate #terriblechoice #terribleleaders
@Medium lies lies. Invisible sky man in public schools is the goal. Boooo booooo.
which McConnell are you today sir. Do onto others.
You have no connection with public education, and neither does @BetsyDeVos.
Mitch, you're an embarrassment to the commonwealth of Kentucky and to this country.
Mitch, you're an embarrassment.
Our teachers are our kids' advocates. You've turned them into bottom line statistics. Shame
an advocate for paying of politicians? #lobbying
Lord knows they don't have it with teachers unions
advocate? You mean blood sucking leech
the most unqualified person to lead the nation's educational system
Then why didn't you pick an advocate?  Ms. Betsy isn't qualified to carry a pencil in the public schools.
Says failed Senate leader who is literally married 2 the administration & isn't independent
we saw 10s of thousands of advocates for our kids but only two republicans listened to them
You all will be voted out in 2018! Nail in the coffin!
@POTUS @mike_pence @realDonaldTrump  #KnowNothingPresident  @BetsyDeVos #KnowNothingEducationSecretary #RookiePublicServants
I want quality education for our children. Support Betsy and stop the dummy down effect.
Party over Country, 100%. Thanks for the $200 million, Betsy.
$200 million and you can buy the Republican Party. Democracy is dead in America.
