@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Funny that great teachers do not support you 
only union hack teachers oppse her
I am non union and do not support her.
so you admit to being a hack lol
I admit knowing how to spell the word "oppose"
how do you know you your truth is correct? Your opponents attack a typo lmao
how about I attack your reading comprehension instead?
You: only union hacks oppose
Me: I'm NON union and oppose
You: so hack?
ok teacher you only denied being union not a hack ergo your a non union hack damn our kids are in trouble
Wait, where did you teach again? Oh that's right....
just admit it you hate her because she has money
they hate her because she is a success and a woman instead of a failure
Really?  Have you seen what she did to MI schools?  Not a success.
Compared to what she had to work within the liberal lunacy obstructing actual education and critical thinking you are a prime example
But hey, data and facts.
Indoctrination is not education programming slaves for a 1 world order that cannot think unless told what to think
Education in this country is not perfect, but refusing to fund teachers and students is not the answer.  Constantly insisting on
When did you start supporting teachers? This is new.
when did she say she didn't support teachers. Teachers work at charter schools
support charter schools teachers? the average charter teacher lasts 5 yrs.thats it! They don't last the insanity
I helped start a charter school and I haven't seen an issue. Obama or Trump didn't have military exp.
I highly doubt it's 40 so I'd like to see the list of teachers since it's PUBLIC .
so your calling me a liar and you want me to help you?  The CEO of our school has spent 24 years in public schools
CEO HAHAHA . So it's for profit . How much did you make off the backs of kids doing nothing?
it's a non profit. You are aware that nonprofits have CEOs?  The level of ignorance is mind boggling
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov LOL

You tell striking to teacher to "serve the students." You know what isn't serving the students? Exhausted teachers who have 2-3 jobs to survive in overcrowded classrooms with constant pressure to teach to the test and then you come in and try to yank funding and support away!
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov what do you know about teaching? Anything?
@krassenstein
28m ago

The only reason Betsy DeVos has a job is because her brother, Erik Prince has apparently helped Trump set up back channels to Russia.  

Just like Trump appears to be an illegitimate President, Devos is a grossly illegitimate Secretary of Education
@DrDenaGrayson
Kirill Dmitriev — met w/Erik Prince in the #Seychelles to arrange a secret backchannel to #Russia has CLOSE ties w/Putin

Wife is BFFs w/Putin’s daughter which helped Dmitriev get his job running RDIF

“He is part of the (Putin) family”
https://www.ft.com/content/a5f0691c-2dae-11e8-9b4b-bc4b9f08f381 … …
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Please resign.

@BetsyDeVos @usedgov hey Betsy where'd you buy your teaching degree and certification from?
She steals your kids money and then uses them for her PR. @EndBestyDeVos @BetsyDeVos @reverserobinhood
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov 
haha what? What have you taught? Aside from you can buy political positions. #lovebuying
https://conservativedailypost.com/nations-report-card-released-students-probably-cant-read-it/ ….         PAY ATTENTION TO OUR KIDS !!!
How's all that support working out? MICHIGAN? Didn't even notice the mess of corruption @ the childrens expense. Won't be here. Too scary. Only blue ribbon schools are on your itinerary. Saw your interview. Embarrassing. Sad. Humiliating.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov
Do you even know what it means to support teachers??

@BetsyDeVos @usedgov you do not supporting teaching unless it's religious. Don't fool us
you've never tought a classroom so you don't say "we".. it's they. Glad to see education going somewhere 
sounds like your students should sue the school for neglected learning
Stop the radical leftist teaching this new fad of education bring back credible people and Civics .

"We love teaching" says the woman who never set foot in a classroom and bought her job.  Lame.
hey, who did she buy her job from?
@marcorubio  amongst others. To the tune of 100k
to think @realDonaldTrump criticized @HillaryClinton about pay-for-play
Seems your brother Erik and his buddies are, like you, passionate about children . . . but for them it's more about getting head from 12 YR OLD CHILDREN.  #FACT
She is the poster person of the century for wealth is a matter of luck & not anything else. STUPID is primarily not a matter of variables such as wealth, education or genetics. People protecting you & starting out with 10 million or more seems to be the most important variables.
You have no idea how much serving teachers already do.  There is a point where teachers have to stop giving themselves away.  Get out of education because you are too biased and political to touch education.  You aren't fooling real educators.
what good work?  what has she ever done thar was considered good work?
you can't be serious. Choice already exists. You can't bring something that is already there
additionally existed when there parents chose to live in an area with "failing schools"
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov I love my son's public school teachers. I support public school teachers. Ergo, I do NOT support you.
i hope your son can add and maybe read by age 20
Nice pit bull. My 4th grader is already working on algebra tyvm. Reading and writing above grade level too.
they don't look happy.  Hope you at least gave them an extra duty contract to stand next to you.
Troy,MI. We lost 96 of our best teachers due to a buyout. They quit. Gave up. They were under governmental pressure to puke up a blue ribbon status. Even the developmentally disabled ie: special ed. It was nothing short of horrible. Good for you
do you also support the low salaries teachers make???
I believe she thinks teachers are overpaid.
She has stated that.
You are the worst thing that could every happen to education. Every truly great teacher knows this. Stop pretending you care about any students except for those who are the children of the very rich. I'll be so happy when you are removed from office.
@BetsyDeVos  #ff ts @Mizter_A @vivettdukes @TheJLV @KipHottman @heidigasl @MDTOY2012 to see what public school looks like
Thank you for including me in this group! HONORED
Truly an honor indeed. We need to put together a chat
let's do it
will this b nation wide?
I have not intentionally visited under performing schools -Betsy Devos 
Claims she cares about students but does not care to visit schools that need the help.
You are doing NOTHING to help teachers or education! Such a disgrace!!!!

@BetsyDeVos how can you support something you know nothing about? #betsybear
You’ve seen great teachers? Surprising, since you focus on charters, which accept much less qualified teachers for less pay (profit margin, you know). There are amazing teachers working very hard in struggling urban schools. Letting you know, since visiting those is beneath you.
Dept. Of Education Fail: Teachers Lose Grants, Forced To Repay Thousands In Loans
Nope! You have not served OK educators and OK students. Time to support our teachers and kids.
What great support! Working against our unions and making sure our schools lose resources.
I think you meant to say you support great private school teachers. You show no support for our public schools!
Wow.  Hypocritical much?  You deride Oklahoma teachers for wanting more for their students and salary parity, yet do your very best to break down the educational system.  A system you have no working knowledge of because your background is not in education.
you should be using the hashtag we "love teachers" not "love teaching" because you don't know anything about that.

DeVos has not shown any support of teachers!  Actions speak louder than words.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Wish u stood up 4 ur beliefs on trans kids rights & not let be strong armed by men.
RU supporting PUBLIC SCHOOL teachers or only for profit charter teachers? @BadassTeachersA

https://youtu.be/2X76ORpe7Bw  ♡ when violence is allowed to happen to the body over and over and children self-harming is ignored I want to know how this was possible? Okay now I do & what to #DO? Fling it back at them & scream, #pe-ew you belong in a zoo. People's emotions an excuse!
Support public schools with more $ to budget the proper needs of the children. @BetsyDeVos, your agenda is transparent; take from the public, and give to only private.  
#despicable #resign
Would love to know how you and your department actually do anything for teachers or students? Please do something that helps our great teachers and students! You literally have done nothing but harm to this point...
I am glad DeVos can't speak or lie very well. She has never been in a "poor folks" school, not even a white one! Her policies segregated those gender identity folks & made college rape much easier than when she arrived. Her command of the facts is very limited & inspired protests
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov You are a fantastic leader and a true advocate for school children! We are #blessed to have you!!!! #MAGA
Can you elaborate on why you believe DeVos is a true advocate for school children? Tweet @AJStream for our show
Was also going to ask for substance to that s opinion of true leader and true advocate; however, got  classic Trumper response. You tried:)
Apparently you are unable to read.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Obama never served in the military but he was commander in chief (as is Trump). What's the difference?
Obama chose people with military experience for his cabinet for advice. Huge difference
Do any of your staff actually currently teach?
maybe you can volunteer your services...
I'd be happy to but our President has frozen civilian hiring.
i said "volunteer"
is that before or after I teach all day at my underfunded public school?
Betsy is moving toward privatization of education in the US: insatiable greed & moral flexibility" Winners are egotistical, arrogant & self-indulgent. profits for the 1% usurp educating the bottom 90%. Ivy League Business 101: Profits "winner takes all" mindset rationalizing.
Want to support teachers?  Protect children from the effects of poverty =  food programs, medical care,  libraries.  Pay for it by eliminating unnecessary testing.
Yet you slam against teachers in Oklahoma who are walking out to defend their students.  OK has a 4 day school week for lack of funds.  GET A CLUE!
https://youtu.be/wtHCbx8AlcE  ♡ this is that image thing so #HOW to ensure they are truthful. At the very least knowledgeable about their job, right? #WHY answer my questions?  I'm getting ready to blow which means crying kids & adults turning away #model #care https://youtu.be/Zc7uE5EJ8Po 
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Stay on the offense, Betsy! You are going to make education excellent again!
Hi. It already is. Except AFTER folks like her get through with it. Ask Michigan
you're a vile fucking racist, and you should be terminated from any position of power. immediately. you embarrass Michigan and the U.S.A.
Look into PUBLIC MAGNET schools which outperform charters! Students shouldnt be part of yr charter pyramid scheme!
how about paying teachers what they deserve if you really do care about them? Use some funds from ScamWay
Is this a public school?  You should be promoting those.  I'm sure it's not unless you wanted us to see a violation of church and state.
ED's mission is to promote student achievement and preparation for global competitiveness by fostering educational excellence and ensuring equal access. -- does the stupid bitch even know this?
You never taught a day in your life and it shows. Go to hell.
Liberal at @Stanford want to indoctrinate your kids in islam
@BetsyDeVosED Ban this atrocity http://pamelageller.com/2017/03/stanford-islamic-schools.html/ …
I just wrote to her.This is their plan to take over see Brigitte Gabriel's video abttheir plan.She is credible.
Kids  their public school where most can walk to, participate in & have neighborhood friends.Vouchers can't do that
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Thank you for serving. I hope you can lead education to more choice and options
I certainly hope for the best with her and assume she wants the best, but her policies..
don't align with best results for low income families. So, I am concerned.
I can appreciate your concern, but children need a education to fit them.
They definitely do! That's why I teach. Cutting out low income families isn't the answer.
Every study I seen supports vouchers and school choice.
Would you share those with me? What I've seen says different. I can share some info too, if you want!
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov WE? WE? Because I'd like to know exactly how many years you spent in the classroom teaching Mrs. DeVos.
I pray you're able to bring about real positive change to our education system. Our children need a better system.
See? The right woman for the job. Told ya.
.
pray that she brings prayer back to schools?
How many times do the Muslim kids have to pray? Loss of instructional time.
is this a serious question?
you've NEVER taught anything!  Get your degree, teach for at least 5 yes, then talk. #betsydevosed #unqualified
Or, defend children all of your life, & THEN become Secretary of Education... Oh, meet Betsy Devos.
http://defend.lol . meet the woman who paid for a power job.
Well, see? Paying for a power job  far better than paying for a blow job. My kinda girl.
.
rediculous comparison from a dirty old man.
Ha, dirty for NOT wanting a blow job? You really that dirty???
.
and not supporting privatization
So they let you in the school this time?
probably a private charter school
we all know you don't believe in public schools and those who teach in them
Betsy. Sure would like to see you tweet more grreart results!!
good job but PLEASE DON'T FORGET TO FUND ((ALL)) SCHOOLS throughout this great nation
What's it like to buy your way into a job that you're unqualified for and don't deserve?
LOL So true! ONLY REASON @BetsyDeVos got job- hubby OWN Spectrum Health and brother helped make Russia path! #WorstSwampEver
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov That is so sweet!
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Most DTdeplorables are to ignorant to realize this will hurt their kids too..79/53% sorrysomabithches
Betsy was much better as Jason's mom. Her role as education secretary has been poorly acted.
look into the US public schools teachers unions. These teachers unions have got to go. They're full of anarchy and communism Indoctrination
@BetsyDeVos cc @usedgov Glad 2 see u still use yr personal Twitter, but plz remind others u also have @BetsyDeVosED We must fix HigherEd
I'd just be glad to see our kids' PISA math scores break higher than 35th place (where they fell last year.)
Use some of your millions to hire people to do your job!
Why attack victims of sexual abuse. Why side with the attackers? Who are you. Who raised you
Your Twitter feed has more hate directed to you than the President.  That's something.  Only thing keeping you there is money you invested.
Exactly how many days did you spend as an educator at an institute of learning again?? "WE" my ass.
I feel for those who teach, and those who have school age children Betsey intends to screw over so she can have more money.

@BetsyDeVos @usedgov if you support teachers then why you trying to take away funding and encouraging charter schools?
Nice job on the budget, Bets! You really showed your love with that decision.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov wait till it becomes a requirement that you must be a Chef before you can run a restaurant
Boy oh boy all that money for those private schools you went to and look what a complete ignoramus you are.  Quit now.
"Just waiting to be told what to do"? Teachers know we don't have a minute in our day to wait. RESIGN!
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov come to my classroom, I implore you.  Watch me teach, let's have a conversation about what is needed
don't see how you can love teaching when you want to defund it. #actualteacher

ILLEGAL ALIENS SHOULD NOT B ABLE TO GET FINANCIAL AID OR BE GIVEN SPECIAL PREFERENCE INTO OUR COLLEGES.THE AMERICAN CHILDREN SHOULD COME 1ST
The kids did not like you today. No one does. Resign. You are not qualified in any way for the job just like your boss. Pathetic
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Demolish the DOE, and pls start really educating our children Betsy! You know!!!
You purchased your position, are clueless, and couldn't care less about the disenfranchised families/students in the USA. How do you sleep?
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov You aren't suppotee D.C. teachers; you criticized them with no cause.
"moderate republicans"strike another blow to  democracy,republicans maintain control @SenSanders and now  @EllisonCampaign
Do something, learn your job, help kids. Stop looking for photo ops or quit. Those HS kids in Florida chewed you up and spit you out. Do something!
all teachers or just charter / private / religious school teachers?
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov You need to advocate for getting the FAFSA tool on the IRS website up and running again NOW!

To think I was worried your brother was possibly connected to Maddox. Didn't connect him to you after that Breitbart interview. #Prince
Lmao she’s never even taught!
Only thing I'm saying is that it's obvious that @BetsyDeVos is not a good person. And if so not for our babies education.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Don't forget to support great students too: ALL STUDENTS #lgbtq #transrights #wejustneedtopee #lovewins
Please address the story in Orlando Sentinel-760K of tax payer $'s to Charters that closed. 
@BetsyDeVos We??? The only thing you've taught anyone, Betsy, is that you buy your way into leadership with no qualifications.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov teachers hate you.
drain that education #swamp, Betsy! We want you to succeed and bring God's words and wisdom to young, inquiring minds
This elitist Billionaire is heir daughter of an Amway founder. Her vision of education is a pyramid scheme where all the bottom dwellers pay up so people like DeVos can put her kids at Harvard while she buys world trips and big diamonds. Meanwhile she corrodes public education
Why hasn't @BetsyDeVos tweeted about her visit to Parkland FL's Stoneman Douglas High School?  Perhaps because it was a disaster? This pawn of corporate America got called out by the students for not speaking to them or answering their questions.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov - lies, lies and more lies.
We ?! From my understanding you've never taught anything a day in your life.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov How About Supporting Children and Children's Health . Support  #TransgenderKids #lgbtright

It took the Obama Admin years of negotiating & review so you & Trump just want to rip off all students that have loans like me! POS

English slang 101: When you purchase whores, you become a "John".
this is sweet and meaningless...how about some real substance and policy to improve stndards from K forward.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov https://www.propublica.org/article/alternative-education-using-charter-schools-hide-dropouts-and-game-system …
Oh Betsy, you are the poster child for why we need good public education. You should be embarassed and ashamed of your ignorance.

Sorry your feelings are hurt, Betsy. We have a few ideas for how you can feel better: 
 Protect Title IX & victims of campus sexual assault 
 Defend the civil rights of all students 
…
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Congratulations on your husband's family buying your Cabinet seat.
Oh, do you teach? (I just thought you bought an in through your bro and his back channel promise to the pres.)
but you won't support public schools, diversity, or science. #resist #fraud
Why do you love teaching? Oh I forgot you are not a teacher you just sell Amway - the original ponzu scheme.

Teachers would lose a $250 deduction for classroom materials under the GOP tax bill. http://blogs.edweek.org/edweek/teacherbeat/2017/11/under_gop_bill_teachers_would_lose_$250_tax_deduction_classroom_materials.html?cmp=soc-edit-tw … #GOPTaxPlan 
You should be taking a wilderness class to learn the proper way to protect yourself from a bear!
You are passionate about lining your own pockets and about Trumps racist agenda
How much did you pay these actors to act as teachers? Real teachers are too busy to take a picture like this.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov I #LoveTeaching but I don't love an Education Secretary who doesn't support public schools.
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov Did you lose your twit password?
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov How much did you pay those people to pose with you? IDEA learn what it means.
Teaching what? How to get away with rape? Dear God, help us through this nightmare!
You're a horrible person.
You have to know something about it first which it doesn't appear you do.
total #photoOp
Don't u own a co that collect s student loans ? Mmm conflict fing over students and yournot an educator
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov @FoxNews no Muslim prayer rooms in schools
@BetsyDeVos @usedgov So, it has come out today that a Russian private email server had contact with your company!
Be careful about the decisions you make regarding who “deserves” educational assistance. If you discriminate, you will be held accountable.
