Paying you way into the WH and shaking hands doesnt nothing
@KazmierskiR @usedgov Proud to have you. Please help our children.
You mean, like Trump was supposed to drain the swamp instead of filing it?  I'm really concerned people are being brainwashed.
Don't be concerned Jimmy.Dont be afraid.Draining the swamp doesn't mean you can't be successful and smart  CONT'
I agree, but Trump promised to drain the swamp and instead of it he's filled it with people who have conflicts of interest. SAD.
These people are wealthy people. Yes, they may had had holdings. They certainly didn't know they'd be picked for the Presidents cabinet CONT
Even Rome was not built in a day.  The swamp took decades to form, and it can't be drained overnight.  Support our President! #DrainTheSwamp
I support him completely.
I know you do!  Jimmy having some doubts, tho.. :)
Looking forward to you learning about education after buying yourself this position!
elections have consequences a conservative president gets to decide who runs the country now solong Libs
You still think Trump is a conservative? Bless your little heart.
Yep, she used gov for evil! 
Oh wait, it's @usedgov
@gfss_history we're all proud of the work you're doing to improve education
Please help me understand, if you are a Christian why are you allowing millions of people who have been defrauded by crooked schools to suffer from something so ungodly and unjust? I am not being facetious I really would like to know.

Americans want there schools back. Not a liberal agenda pushed on our kids.  Thank you for standing up 

Hey @BetsyDeVos he's almost as qualified as you are to be education secretary.  @usedgov
It's so easy to opine from under a rock.
You’d know. The rock you live under currently takes up the previously vacant space between your ears.
Ew
get rid of the bad ones..... find some people that want to make education great again
who would want to take pic with Dummy Ed!
Hi Betsy that is great pic exquisite look and lovely smile you have there
Just to let you know, we are all cheering for you out here. We are the majority of Americans. God bless and keep you!!
@sandersonforens Americans who do not value knowledge or education are cheering. Majority are JEERING!
Think you have the wrong Paul Sanderson :)
ROFL! possible :-) (sorry for the intrusion)
Clearly a ploy for some "brown" people to get some attention. WOW.
You and your family/ brother need to be locked up...
#UFT #Teachers #Teach #Paraprofessiionalscare It is all about our students #Students1st
for someone with great passion for public schools you seem very well disconnected
wow! you are standing near someone who is a Minority. Can't believe it.
still grateful you didn't become first lady of Michigan.
now we have parents running scared because of you wanting to end free lunches then you joked about it. No heart! #Ω
I call this "selfie with incompetence."
1st ass kisser 
Thank u! Vouchers give poor means 2 escape horror of liberal ed. =  Morally degenerate. Cultural Marxism very bad4kids.
Breath of fresh air!
We are so blessed you are serving. We want to volunteer! Tell us how to serve? #education
You bought the job to defund public education. You fool no one! You will answer to us!!!
Ignore crazies Madam Secretary U don't need 2 waste ur energy Besides it really seems to anger them more LOL
Oh look...another photo op!
# StopCommonCore in Ohio
u know she'll meme the shit outta that selfie! 
yeah, you bought each & every one of 'em
did you have to pay them to take a picture with you? Or just threaten their jobs.
this is photoshopped, right?
Great pic. Really shows the false narrative of racism well.
I just vommed in my mouth.
We Are Watching You!!!!! #PayToPlay #NotMyPresident
she showing you pics of the grizzly attack?
Beyond The Laces...inspiring children with many amazing athletes...join us..ty.
PR fluff we see through you
@AmelieBaldwin @usedgov Please get rid of Common Core and put discipline in schools again. Thank you!
Ty for tackling education!  Please be safe!
Wow! Two brown people...you are a winner...NOT
Have you EVER had a job that required at least 40 hrs a week? Expect 80 hr/wk. You are not up to this, oh pampered one
@AlexMimikosyaho @usedgov Happy Sumday! 
@shortman5427 @usedgov Putting our kids 1st is long overdue. Thank you 4 your personal sacrifice.
I think she's going to caption the photos with you: I'm with Stupid (with the arrow pointing to you Betsy)
glad you are now able to get to work and looking forward to what's ahead for our country and education.
#dontposewithBetsy #BetsyDeVos
Watch your back!
SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!
watch your back, leaks and back stabbed. Interview all again get rid of half or shut down that department.
.@BetsyDeVos @usedgov You know they all hate you right?

America's teachers are looking forward to your resignation.  Tomorrow would be good.  Today would be better.
she's covering her face with the phone because she's ashamed to be seen near you.
The dude was trying to get out of frame.
Realize; social media is usually prohibited in an academic environment until after hours.  Electronics too.
COME VISIT UTAH SO I CAN GET A SELFIE WITH YOU TOO!  ...along with all my students!
@joyceblake @usedgov Thank you for your service to our country. School choice and ending common core...Parents rejoice!
more lies
look into Dr Dance in Baltimore County Maryland he makes kids do homework but it is not counted in their grades stupid
Too bad about the DC school protesters, but remember what they did to any reformer over decades. #Cesspool #Corruption
@SunnyJL52 @usedgov 
@VeteransTake @usedgov  Thank you for helping our failed education system. #EndCommonCore #SchoolChoice
The DoE has drastically taken education down in this country. U.S., one time leader, now follows many countries
great attempt to feign diversity
http://foreverforwardprogress.blogspot.com/2017/02/betsy-devos-means-more-wealth.html?m=1 …
Excellent shot! Taking bets on if this selfie w/DeVos is ending up on this employee's dart board.
Be gone, foul thing!
we the public are looking forward to watching you go down in flames while not taking the school system with you.
she's going to photoshop your face. Get ready.
Our Dyslexic community would love to talk to you and tell you mom to mom what's happening to our DYSLEXIC kids
Watch out for the grizzlies, they might be up there posing threats, idiot!
Liar.
@Natalie_Page @usedgov if public schools are shutting down dialogue just do what you need to do & point out to them it's on them
Charter schools would drain funds from the neediest students. Were you serious about holding bake sales to raise that$?
I certainly hope they gave you a thorough orientation about life in an American public school.
Resign!
so you can fire them?  #NotQualified
what does it feel like to be drowning in a sea of piss YOU chose to buy your seat having no knowledge you will DROWN
used gov is right. education is constantly being fucked over and used.
Did you get a sense of what they paid for their @usedgov positions?  Was the price tag on your position fairly competitive?
And once you're gone, they'll be able to say w/out fear of retribution that the honor was all yours
They all swallowed their pride to not get up, walk out of meeting with U. Disgusted to be working for someone so unfit.
better start kissing their ass since they'll be doing your job ..Resign!!!
Did you bring a gun in case there's a grizzly bear?
The DeVos family has contributed to many campaigns and also to many charities. She didn't "buy" her position.
Fake smile!
Don't forget to meet real teachers. Ones who will be honest. I volunteer.
Come meet some public school teachers. We're looking forward to schooling you. 
You are an incompetent and unqualified zealot who purchased an appointment to the @usedgov  #shepurchased #shame
the staff are gonna run circles around you, and you have no clue.
I wonder how much she paid them to smile and look happy?
Congratulations on finding the ONE minority willing to take a photo with you.  I bet that was difficult.
RESIGN
join them or pay to be a part of them? Maybe a public school English classroom could teach you the difference.
keep up the fight against these leftists
She looks a bit pained in this staff person's selfie. Not used to being so close to the Great Unwashed hoi polloi
If she doesn't already know, she will soon find out how unqualified you are.
she hates you too
'lemme get this picture with an out of touch billionaire quick'
you should be ashame mrs grisly
she's probably taking that pic so she can turn you into a meme. #resist
is it true that something purchased is more gratifying than something EARNED? Just curious #boughtandpaidfor
how can it be an honor when you purchased your position, know NOTHING about education, don't care about kids-ur a fraud
please only let her take selfies for 4 years instead of shutting down public education
YOU PAID YOUR WAY IN!
SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!
They must be thrilled to be led by a person with no public ed experience who's spent her life tearing down their work.
unqualified
Congrats Sec DeVos pls help teachers to teach & not feed & clothe & socialize them acting as parent
*posts a picture with a non white person to show she's not racist despite the millions of $$ given to a racist administration*
That looks cozy and completely spontaneous. *cough*
every one of them is far more qualified than u are.  Vanity position for big donor. Hope u can at least listen & learn
hopefully they'll teach you something useful like the importance of public education.
watch out for the grizzly bears!
I will believe in you when you start listening to actual teachers. Who actually teach students. Who aren't rich.
... and then eliminating your department
what's the status of the White House's initiative:  Education Excellence for African Americans?
Oh look! You payed one of them enough to pose for a photo op!
There is no honor in a job that was bought.
you do know that in reality, they loathe you, right?
Tactical "smiling with POC" photo, check...
Hollow words from the staff tweeting for you
she went to public school.
Then keep them together and don't dismantle the DOE! #keepedupublic
looking forward to learning something about public schools so you can finally have qualifications other than money.....
you didn't join this team, you bought it. #GOPshame #biglyunqualified
too bad we don't share your enthusiasm
You're honored to join them, but they are outraged to join you.
and they look forward to blocking everything you want. People with actual experience can do their jobs.
So you can fire them when you dismantle the department? #fraud
and then firing you...
keep your religion out of our schools
Yeah, why don't you read up on policy while you're at it? After all, you've paid for it. ENJOY IT. #Fraud
Too many land mines and Trump haters in ED. Purge them or they will sabotage your efforts...
hey ethnic people, come pose with me!  Look happy or I'll have your jobs, heathens!
Don't be afraid to kick some ass, if need be
Please STOP CORRUPTION RIVERSIDE COUNTY SHERRIFS AND MENIFEE POLICE COVERED CRIMES AGAINST ME
Oh look! You found two! Yay!
please hire my wife and me. Our applications are on file with the transition team. Thanks. Peter and Debbie Zacharoff
Selfie with brown people. See she does care about the browns.
as an educator I felt relief for your appointment.  Fasten your seatbelt; your off to a journey like never before.

best team money can buy, right Betsy DeMillion?
Yoir job is not to take selfies. Get to work!
Betsy: So what are you doing there on that phone?
Woman: Spelling Betsy, I'm spelling. Those are words.

we are all looking forward to your replacement.
God bless you all
Before you try to gut them and gut programs for disadvantaged youth in the name of religious choice? Good times.
Watch out for grizzlies you brainiac!   Good job buying yourself a position!
My school is having career day on 3/27. Come by & tell our 1st gen students about how buying your way to the top works
maybe you should stop taking selfies and learn about the federal regulations
Is being the most hated woman in every single town/city across the entire nation depressing when you can buy friends?
