Poor grammar, blaming others... Off to a great start, Betsy!
What earlier error. Do any of you even know?

...and where's Betsy's poor grammar?
.
Yes, she wrote historical instead of historic. That's why she deleted tweet then apologized. Any other questions?
Oh, crime of crimes, glaringly exposing the gross desperation of the left that got LEFT. Certainly a HISTORIC day.
.
Definitely not the crime of crimes but if you want to lead the education department you should probably know the difference.
...or not. Absolute perfectionism leaves teachers, students, & administrators dazed. NOT good for human condition. Gives Hope.
.
People with imperfect resumes stay jobless. 1st day, 140 characters, oversees education - she needs to sound literate.
People with stuffy ""perfection"" aren't a good fit, so they don't get the job.
.
Already throwing your "inferiors" under the bus. You're perfect for this administration, @BetsyDeVos.
To err is human, to forgive divine. THAT is what speaks volumes for this administration.
.
divine administration? Could someone pointe to the verse in the Bible on pussy grabbing?
Ahh, the Bible. God gives women ovarian cancer, a real pussy grabber, by GOD HIMSELF.
.
Even innocent babies grab the pussy when they're born. In fact, they are all over that thing.

.
Yet YOUR clan marches in broad daylight with vagina hats, which is criminal, indecent exposure.
...indecent to thousands of young children watching, those that you failed to abort/mass-murder
That's what I say, WOW, a knockout. Amazing woman. Glad she has so many supporters. 

Oh, and Amway? American Way.
Stop trolling Shirl! You have Amway to buy.
Diamonds in the rough. What America is all about.
.
"Proof I don't actually write my own tweets!"
Blaming 'the help'
Only the staff members! I knew it! You slipped-up, lizard queen.
that staffer gonto a Charter School?
Fat finger and auto correct will get you every time.  So says the King of typos.  
Proof you're not fit for the job you bought for yourself.  DEMOCRACY NOT THEOCRACY!
typical blame the help you're supposed to be in charge. You're simply not competent and have never had to be accountable.
massive incompetence along with zero accountability it's the way these people have lived and it's how they'll govern
don't count on it.W/the way youDems are acting, Republicans will b running the show forA long time.  @BetsyDeVos

It's still wrong. Let's see how long it takes your team to figure out the error.
to bad you and ther prez are not human
Are you talking about the error that your staff made for 10 yrs? Way to through them under the bus!
noooo it was u and you are not qualified for that position. STOP RUNNING
so you had someone else do your work for you? Excellent educational practice right there.
Maybe it would help if you put some public school teachers on staff.
Did people really need proof that you employed humans? Is it because you are so horrible at your job that everyone assumed you used trained chimps? A trained chimp would be an upgrade if it replaced you.
.You want a good look at what u must change just look at Vineland NJ.The administration There says kids don't have to stand for
You had your staff tweet for you?? You've obviously never been in the trenches. Please withdraw. Do what's right for kids.
don't act like you don't use autocorrect on your phone either
It's not about using autocorrect or even the mistake itself. It's about having a staff member tweet for her.
- kind of the same way Obama had speech writers and read their work from a TelePrompTer??! #aghast
This has nothing to do with Obama. You're not quite grasping the point. Neither does Ms. DeVos.
Mrs.* DeVos I think is what you meant there?
only human though...
.@BetsyDeVos Way to throw a staffer under the bus. Maybe you don't yet appreciate the irony.
Also, note how she throws her staff under the bus! Imagine if teachers blamed the kids for failing the tests??
you don't get to make errors. Public school teachers proofread. Try it.
we get it.........
You're going to ruin the lives of an entire generation of kids because you gained a billion dollars from a pyramid scheme.
who's going to apologize for the error of putting you in the important position... still waiting...
you oversee them! Sloppy, careless, inexcusable!
All that money and such an inept staff.
Send your own damn tweets you elitist!  You havent even been sworn in!
Are they though, Betsy? Are they?
Graciously and selflessly blames staff.   Oh, am I supposed to read my own tweets in advance?  #Indivisible #ResistTrump
it's called fact check & spellcheckers
- proof you are not human
kys
So your staff members are human.  Are you?
Wow Besty you learn quick your first lesson was it blame it on someone else huh? That's not how we teach our children you twit!
is this real life can you be that dumb and disconnected ..you have no clue of what you're doing ..
nice! Throwing your staff under the bus. Still no confidence in you.
Yes, we all know that handling 140 characters is clearly beyond your mental capacity.
Oh, throwing your staff members under the bus already, Betsy Bear!!! That's like teachers blaming students for failing tests. ;)
Still have errors. What a shame
accontability has to be a foreign concept to this administration
Wait, did you send this tweet then, or have another staff member send it for you?
throw them under the bus. Our staff seems a lot of us do not have staff to blame. #RichPeopleProblems
Have you ever been a teacher?
"Everyone" redundant; anyone reading knows who they are. Get hard copy of "The Elements of Style." Purse-size read/reference.
did you hire them from one of your "excellent" schools?
maybe you should of went to public school.
You don't even write your own tweets?!? Jesus, you're a private citizen with staff, talk about out of touch...
you don't look at your own Tweets before you send them?
Can I apply for the job when you fire this staffer?  I have no experience and no qualifications but I have a good heart.
Still wondering how many days you taught in a classroom???
early error? Your birth?
we are watching you - awesome to see you already throwing someone under the bus.  Nice character 
Proud of you learning to deflect blame for your errors onto your staff - just like your boss Mrs Putin #TheResistance
Good thing it's not a standardized test.
blaming your staff. So nice. That's what a... NOOO!!! GRISLYYYY!!!
I am anxious to see how you turn our horrible education system around. Trump chose you for a reason. I trust his judgment.
No. Humans know how to spell; get better help. I worked in biz 35 yrs, inc educ mktg & priv tutoring 7 years. Wish I could help.
.@BetsyDeVos Actually...
Delete your account @BetsyDeVos
ummmm, i think you spelled robots wrong
Maybe you didn't personally tweet it, but even if so, it shows your massive inability to hire/manage competent people.
The only error was putting you in charge.
yes, but you're LITERALLY in the running to become the secretary of EDUCATION. English is your native language, get it together.
you used literally incorrectly.
No: Literally (word for word, not as an idiom or metaphor) in the running (in contention for).
"In the running" is an expression. Using "literally" changes the expression to it's "literal" meaning.
sadly if you look in the dictionary, "literally" now means "figuratively," no joke.
cookie, you don't get to make mistakes.
peer editing.I've got 25 4th graders to help edit your next tweet but that would be unacceptable to you bc public school kids.
""You're Fired"".
.
What kind of stupid bullshit is this? Apologizing for a grammar & usage issue with an incomplete sentence?
Blame it in the Staff!
I vote HELL NO!
the earlier error meaning your nomination for secretary of education or ...?
Way to throw your "staff" under the bus. The school bus.
half assed correction
the most cowardly response for so-called- Sec of Ed
Isn't your staff supposed to have good command of English language?
@cnn @ananavarro So these were not your tweets?  Why are they flowing out of your Twitter account. You will blame this on staff?
your staff members do your posting?  You blame others for your inability to write a sentence?   Sad
yoy wrote that tweet with all the errors!  Then blamed a staffer?  Class act girlfriend.
I am sure it is very difficult for a billionaire to get good help, hope you find better whilst ruining our educational system
That's OK Betsy! The only people getting their panties in a twist are little liberals.
no no, it's proof that you're trying to seem smarter than you are, minor errors are one thing, huge redundancies are another ~
Historical "blame it on 'the staff'........
does she do any of her own work? If she can't even tweet for herself, how can she be over education?
Your paper gets a F from this prof.
did you all go to Trump university?
Now as we grow in Christ we should not be blaming others for our mistakes, but instead take full responsibility.
nah. Not good enough. How about you not do what you're doing and leave the job to someone who knows what they're doing?
you sure?
thanks for the apology.  Your "staffers" probably didn't have the education that you had.  Is that what you are saying?
do not blame this shit on your staff #smh
maybee get Starf with a degrees in Inglesh. I'm availables!! :)
.@BetsyDeVos when you're in charge, staff errors are your errors. I still don't believe you didn't write it yourself, though. Sec of Ed? Sad
Human, for sure, and evidently in need of PUBLIC EDUCATION!
Without stupid people we would have no one to laugh at. Take the time and thank a stupid person for their contribution.
#Thanku
way to blame others for your inability to put together a grammatically correct sentence. Nice.
#Failedleadership  Are you really that isolated? Leaders take more than their fair share of the blame. #notqualified
Good help these days. Am I right?
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump - Betsy u are on The Denial Trump Train. Was your staff educated at your schools? Unqualified for sure.
still not quite right... try again
BS: you wrote that and we all know it.
Does Trump's staff make his tweets too? Impeach now!
Imagine how terrific it would have been to donate 20 million for scholarships instead of donating it to Trump. #betsydevos
wow, way to pass the buck. I guess "accountability" isn't a thing for you. Sad! LOL
if your staff or u make a mistake, never blame your team. This is what great leaders don't do. They just don't do it.
plenty of folks have made grammatical errors-you are the first I've seen blame someone else. You are not what our kids need.
so your staff tweets for you?  Terminate them immediately!!!!!
your going to ruin not only my education but the millions of kids out there your a terrible person and not fit for this position
Q: If you can't supervise grammar of a tweet, how are you qualified to run Ed Dept? A: You're not. #briberyisnotjobexperience
Yeah .the staff ..it had to be the staff.
the best part is that it's still wrong.
The true error is believing you are qualified for your job. Let's hope someone up the food chain corrects that one soon.
you're just like Trump. Blaming lack of grammar skills on staff. PATHETIC!!
presuming you haven't realised it's still incorrect?  #grammarfail
Yes! Good idea! Blame the staff!
@POTUS has been elected to a position a he's not qualified for, then gave @BetsyDeVos a job that she has no clue as what to do. #lost
you write goodly as an edmucator. Good luckli as Depatmant of Edmucatmion header.
proof you shouldn't be in charge of our nation's education. come on.
passing the blame.
Shame on you!
so blame it on someone else
"To err is human. To blame someone else is politics." Hubert H. Humphrey
Glad to see our leadership taking responsibility for their actions, instead of blaming other people.   Lol.
Of course... any error on YOUR Twitter page is the fault of a dummy staff servant @BetsyDeVos
It's still wrong. I notice you blame others for your mistakes. Is that what you learned in school?
Nice job being accountable. Shameful
You're still a disgrace. Have you figured out the difference between GROWTH and PROFICIENCY yet?
It was proof that you don't know how to hire or deal with competent education employees.
great leadership, throwing your staff members under the bus. #fail
.@BetsyDeVos Anybody trying to work for the DoE under Trump NOT an abject chucklehead?

or were victims of "school choice"
alternative grammar.
.@BetsyDeVos Own up, cupcake, YOU wrote that tweet. BTW, you use commas,way,too,much. If you get the job, our kids will suffer & you get $$$
Sec of Education. Just got an F in grammer.
true leader blame the staff
proof that you are not a valid candidate for DOE
1) and the products of an abysmal education system. thankfully, your hearing suggests that a lot of the undesirable poors ...
Yeah, the edited version is still full of errors... Bad start for the Madam of Education.
proof you don't read or write your own tweets. Shame.
Low key throwing the staff under the bus. Not a great 1st impression for the many people who didn't know your name a month ago.
haha....." not my mistake!"
humorous to hear libs decry grammatical miscue. Jake Tapper just used "historical" incorrectly twice in 5 minutes.
I didn't know he was running 4 Sec. Of Education.
No apologies needed, spell check has a mond of its own
Yes, teachers love it when admin throws them under the bus.   Sorry! It's someone else's fault though. 
lol that was past only human. That was idiot territory.
You're blaming your staff for this?  That is so low class.
Right. It was the staffers fault, of course.
nice.  Blame it on others.   Such leadership!
Proof you can pass off your error as a staff member. Weak.
I'm so sorry your unable to find good help.
You have a staff? Of 2nd graders? #TakeYourNameOutNow
i see what you did there. #alternativefacts
Suuuure. Your "staff members" right. Are you claiming your staff members are illiterate?
Nice try. So you either can't write or you can't manage. If someone actually is managing your twitter account and vapid posts.
blame it on your staff that's a new one. We know you're incompetent and will not stand by while you dismantle public education.
you are a billionaire, can you not afford a staff that is educated?
Easy to blame on others. Trying to figure out why you would have others tweet for you?
Nice. Party of personal responsibility blames the help. Just like loser republicans blame immigrants for their shitty choices.
Blame some one else. Very convenient.
so it was your staff's fault?  WTF Lady?  Go back to your cave. Please!!!!
@DBHnBuckhead it's okay
Proof that you aren't writing your own tweets? Or proof you're blaming someone else?
define: accountability.
nice. Blame others for your mistakes. #alternativefact

.@BetsyDevos

Don't deflect; reflect.
someone was talking into their phone is what it looks like to me got to be careful with evil liberal trolls.
Blaming staff members? Maybe you need to learn the meaning of "accountability"... I bet @timkaine can teach you the meaning!
shut up
or just uneducated. Maybe you should just get a new staff. Or not be in charge of education for an entire country !
Way to pass the buck! I can only imagine how supported your "human" staff feel right now... This looks bad on you, not them.
So it's okay to blame others for your failure to oversee your own Twitter account that 12 year olds have mastered. #Unqualified
Whatever. You bought your way into this position. Spell that.
Blaming staff members for sloppy writing and lack of proofreading is not leadership. #unprofessional
you are completely incompetent and should be sent back to public school. They can teach you proper English  #TrumpWorstPresident
.@BetsyDeVos - the children in this country deserve so much better than you. So. Much. Better.
Nice, pass the blame to some anonymous staffer. #helpusall
You mean errors? The fact that you were picked for an education position is pathetic. @BetsyDeVos
#Classless #Trump education appointee @BetsyDeVos blames her staff for her own ignorant mistake. She's gonna have to prove she's human.
you seem to miss the irony and importance of why it's not ok for YOU OR YOUR STAFF to show your lack of education
Already passing the blame onto someone else. God help our children.
