Our education system is primarily for creating Radicalized Democrats. Betsy DeVos brings that to an END !
well, right now the vote is 50 - 50 with 2 GOP Senators not voting for you. Don't quit your day job.
Michigan charter movement has NOT resulted in better education or gains for MI students, please explain?
You have a moral responsibility to our Children not to confirm this woman
We are all watching what you do very carefully. We have just about had it. Do not bring down education.
get rid of lame teachers would b a great start Stop rewriting our textbooks of the truth
such intolerance and awful behavior.if anyone doesn't agree with you they are attacked.
Yeah, yeah. Only for your millions. This Republican does not approve of you and thinks your are unfit.
You are not qualified. You helped destroy public education in Michigan. Get out
only quality you want is what the public buys from you  LEAVE PUBLIC ED ALONE
except those with special needs and those that are victims of sexual assault
u don't even know what that means
please tell me how you plan to fix budget cuts my district is already facing? Also explain IDEA! #notqualified
She bought her way in. One Richie helps another - screw the rest of us.
only the Christian students though, right?
Exit, pursued by a (grizzly) bear
It's ironic that you use the word "earn" considering you bought their support. Shameful.
You don't know anything about public education.
VILE WOMAN! U will B stopped!! U paid EVERYONE OFF, it's ILLEGAL! U will not get near our children!!!
DeVos first day at the office: "Um, can someone tell me what education is?" #Unqualified #PaytoPlay
As well as fighting to keep bears out of schools!
educators with much deeper knowledge and experience are ready willing and eager to work on this problem
you will never be my boss. You sicken me.
Actions speak louder than words.
I hope you never make to a position of running education in this country! It would be a disgrace and a sad day for education!
Congratulations! We look forward to your efforts to improve education at all levels!
if you really care about children and schools, withdraw from your nomination!!!!
BS pay for play and we know it.

http://trueviralnews.com/antigay-betsy-devos-education-reform-can-advance-gods-kingdom/ …
You are a slap in the face to American children.  Go back to your piles of money and leave us in peace.
@POTUS You don't have my support. You bought this job, Shame on you.
The costs of school choice:
such arrogance! You are willing to ruin our schools.
lies. Transgender students need equitable protections to ensure a safe environment to learn.
@GOP @SenAlexander empty words.. you don't know anything about edu system. Kids not here for your agenda #resist #dumpdevos
you can do anything when your family contributes some $200 million to right-wing causes.  Way to earn it!!

making calls for them to vote "No!"
I wish you the best! I'm excited that a change in leadership will give my grandson a better education!
You didn't earn it, you paid for it.
Step down. You're not qualified.
SPELL EDUCATION
when she diverts fed funding to charter/private state taxpayers have to make up the difference #StopDeVos
u r least qualified & worst possible choice. #BatteringRamBetsy #DastardlyDeVos
You should withdraw your name. The people don't want you there in case you hadn't noticed.
incredibly unqualified for this position.
That doesn't sound like a plan, but a rehearsed and regurgitated non-targeting answer
The kids need someone on their side! We're praying for your swift confirmation!
PLEASE stop sharia law TEACHING  in classrooms.
you're the worst thing that can happen to the US education system. Ignorant moron. @GOPHELP @SenAlexander
Boo boo Betsy devos get kicked out
It amazes me how for you have gotten in the process with nothing to offer public schools

America hates you. You're the worst thing that could happen to kids. Shame on u 4 throwing money around.
you don't have our support.  You bought your way in.
Good Luck Mrs. DeVos. WHEN you're finally confirmed you can get down to business. Unfortunate the games the other side plays.
Nice job on plagiarizing. Shocked that anyone thinks you're qualified. You are a Rich joke
well you paid for it I'm sure
You wouldn't know quality education if it smacked you in the face.
Interesting we didn't have so condemnation for prev Ed Sec who forced failing Common Core on our children
Withdraw your nomination, you fraud.
I have used a computer, maybe I should be appointed the CEO of IBM! #dumpdevos

You need to stay away from anything that has to do with educating our children.
not sure "earned" is the right word... perhaps "bought" ?#alternativefactsarenotfacts
they have never submitted research to peer reviewed scientific journals https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/01/30/us/politics/betsy-devos-neurocore-brain-centers.html …
You've not done it so far. First time for everything?
We know what Betsy Devos will do - profit from charter schools - Betsy only cares about money-lots of it
Your "staffer" made a mistake. Shouldn't it say, "honored to BUY your support"? Teachers get stuff done!
why don't you do the right thing and with draw!  Guess you BOUGHT this position!
your didn't EARN ANYTHING!! You bought your position! AMERICA WILL WATCH YOUR EVEY MOVE!
hmmm wonder why they will vote yes? It's not because she is qualified! @POTUS @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr
do you know what quality education even looks like? Seems you are not even aware of how schools work.
Do you even know what "quality education" means to the MAJORITY of Americans Mrs. DeVos?
1000's are against her confirmation. Are you listening to the people of the US? Vote NO!
How much does a cabinet position go for these days? A sick case of more money than brains.. makes women look bad.
Whose support are u thankful 4 @KellyannePolls @seanspicer @realDonaldTrump #StopDeVos #StopPresidentBannon #ImpeachTrump
if you get in, it was bought.  You did absolutely nothing to earn it and you are beyond unqualified.
Your donations don't qualify you for the position it should go to someone qualified not a rich donor
lies lies lies #equalaccountability
Please don't forget three VERY important letters: ALL. Everything rides on this.
Shame on you!!!
You bought your support.  We didn't give it.
Good luck! You have our full support!! @BetsyDeVos @GOPHELP @SenAlexander
Start by learning about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA).
and by earn, you mean purchase.
no I.D.E.A. about F.A.P.E

Hopefully my state representative keeps you out!!
Unless they are disabled or gay,lesbian, transgendered- right?
just like you did in Michigan? Then our public schools are in serious trouble. You're confirmation would be a disaster.
That is literally the polar opposite of what you stand for not to mention the complete lack of experience
Withdraw your nomination. You are not qualified!
all students? Keep your charter schools away from my child. Go away and spend your billions.
If you end up stealing this job remember the opposition & realize you have a lot to prove. You're under a micro scope.
if you had any integrity you'd withdraw.  You are clearly unqualified.
The best person to educate a child are the parents. Give control back to the parents. We stand with you.
And who is stopping you from homeschooling your children?
3/ For you, the job is a proud cherry. For kids and teachers, it's real life. Step down, please, 4/
you are the worst thing to happen to public education and ed in general ever. You shame education.
How much will the kick-back be from predatory lenders?Maybe you can buy a box of crayons for the kids.
@VP @BetsyDeVos @SenBobCorker @SenAlexander Draining the swamp to install water hazard on the 9th hole. You are ALL bought & sold #noDevos
Can you define quality? How much quality does $900K in Senate donations buy the average citizen?
PLEASE for good of country withdraw nomination. Too vital position to get via donations. US needs help & leadership in ed, not U
Shameful.
If you have any Honor you will not accept the position as you are unqualified. #noDevos
she is going to give public tax payer money to private schools and make all public even poorer.
Defend our children in public schools! Honor the protections in place for the disabled. Be better! 
You will be confirmed, God knows what passes for education today cannot stand.  Vouchers sent to parents.
Bull shit...you're for rich and it shows..poor don't stand a chance with you and there goes our public ed
You are a liar and a fraud @BetsyDeVos
As a mother of 3 children one in h.s. 1 in college 1 a public school teacher you are an embarrassment.
There is strength in standing together! So tired of the RINO senators.
You didn't "earn" anyone's support. You bought it.
I think you meant to say "honored to purchase your support" instead of having "earned" it.
step down
. @BetsyDeVos @GOPHELP @SenAlexander What's Russia have on #Trump?Russia has https://youtu.be/4aqibp-lPtk  You With USA or Russia? #URaTraitor
Good luck Betsy
UNQUALIFIED
With your charter plan that destroyed public schools? NO THANKS! Our children's future is not for sale!
betsy does not have my support or sendems.
you've already failed the transgendered population ... time to regroup on your misfortunes and lies.
Liar. U don't give a damn about poor folk or minorities or gay youth.
if you care about the future of America, you'll decline the nomination if given the opportunity.
No. Please. Step down. You might mean well but do you not see the millions that don't feel comfortable??
Lol you think you earned support? Don't be so delusional.
I am a highly qualified teacher! I feel that @BetsyDeVos should be qualified, too!!! #noDevos
You didn't EARN support, Betsy...you BOUGHT it. Sad!
You did not EARN anything.. YOU BOUGHT IT!
how does it feel to know you are incompetent for the job you bought?
@BrandonDavisUSA @GOPHELP @SenAlexander
Stay true to your principles! Choice for ALL! Not just rich white Democrats. Blacks too!
Texas Panhandle and South Plains have quality teachers and quality schools!  Why change what works?  #EverystudentEveryday
"Tweets are signed Betsy?"  Even the ones written by Obama staff?
Republicans are showing they will knuckle under by approving someone so unqualified. So disappointed
you know you should withdraw. It's the right thing to do. It's not too late. #integritymatters
Lady, you are uniquely  unqualified for this vital position. You are so painfully clueless...
earned? No. It was bought.
what a corrupt system,. Only money talks. No one cares about the KIDS. Shame on you all.
Lg $ donations doesn't equal knowledge on educational issues. School is for students not your profits.
don't forget to learn about plagiarism. It seems to have eluded you in the private school sector.
the Democrats cannot educate our children WHY? For fear of losing their position our government.
what about fighting for the students to of Detroit? Where are you helping students in your own state?
#DumpDevos
quality education for all students? Please don't make me laugh. You won't fight for anyone who actually needs help.
don't you mean "honored to buy your support"
WHY WHY WHY WE DO NOT WANT YOU STEP DOWN WITH DIGNITY NOBODY LIKES YOU
don't forget to copy, paste & then not cite sources.
God Bless you! Don't let the hate & serpent tongues of the Left bother you. Rise above!
Pay-to-play at its finest.  Hi my name is Betsy and I know nothing about education but I will do my....
Hope you get in there and flush the new age movement education format down the toilet.
Why does someone who doesn't believe in public education want to be in charge of public education? Simple. Dismantle it.
Is the quality of education will be same as your knowledge?
translation: quality education for straight white students without disabilities
can you actually just go home. #VoteNoDevos @SenJohnMcCain
UNQUALIFIED. Not wanted by the American people. Who are you there to represent?  The people.
Earned their support or bought it? Maybe if you had attended public school you'd know the difference.
I do not support you.
You'd tell a kid in your position to step away & do their homework. Try again when they've mastered the material. Please do that

you are awesome! Keep up the great work!
Pay to Play is wrong! She is NOT qualified and this is an outrage to our children! They deserve better!

if the people become smarter than you are meaning Radicalize Democrats lose their foothold of power n USA
Yeah and he will be ousted at the next election for it.
Devos totally clueless about the job.
- I for one am hoping that the senate and house come to their senses and do not allow this to happen!
.@BetsyDeVos @GOPHELP @SenAlexander very disappointed in my senators this week
Congratulations! I look forward to hearing how you will help our children. God bless you.
You are killing Christianity with your white supremacist views on education. Charter schools=segregation.
How does it feel to have bought your confirmation despite being so unqualified... and your first job too? @GOPHELP @SenAlexander
our children deserve better than Betsy DeVos #dumpdevos
watch out for those BEARS . You are not qualified you didn't even know IDEA is  fed mandate.. Really!!
, I think you meant to say "buy their support". Sec of Education & you're mixing up verbs. God help us. @GOPHELP @SenAlexander
