Also honored to screw education for the average American. Education belongs to the people who can pay for it,
That's exactly what #vouchers are meant to combat.
Will agree in principle. Opinion: Won't work in real world.
Not reAlly they don't cover the full cost and defund public schools.
I'd like to see doubling of school funding along w/ #school #voucher introduction. Need low class size
Lively discussion. But devil in details. What if all kids in one area want to go to one school?
That problem already occurs within public school districts.
You said people should be able to choose under voucher system. Who will decide under new system?
go back to Michigan please. America does not need you.
Those of us in Michigan would like her to go somewhere else.
One day Betsy will go to heaven. Will you?
Unlikely, but who know. I don't want to be part of any club that would have @BetsyDeVos as a member
So Andre would choose an eternity in a lake of fire with satan over heaven with Betsy. #Telling
Not really my choice. However, I doubt either exists so it's a moot point.
in your mind it's a moot point. Your soul will learn otherwise. Hope u do before it's too late
So your religion suggests you should support a classist who plans to destroy public education?
Glad you enjoyed it. Now, do the right thing and withdraw your nomination. Your lack of experience will hurt children.
what have those with "experience" accomplished ? How has ed system done under those so experienced that they couldn't fail?
A great deal has been accomplished in our public schools. There are more qualified candidates than Ms. DeVos.
more qualified if u want more of the same status quo. This was an anti status quo election. I think it's a good change.
This isn't about the status quo. It's about finding the best candidate. She is not. If you want to win, you hire the best.
those who don't want other parents to Choose a School for their kids are afraid the incoming kids will ruin their kids school
she doesn't think public, charter, and private schools w/ fed funsing need to be held to the same standard...
Cassidy actually makes a valid point. Standards is a good ? and who regulates them is next. Feds or States
We don't want you in charge of our children.  Step down, please.
please go home
please leave education alone. You are unqualified and have no idea what to do. Please do the right thing and remove yourself
Yeah, let's put Obama in there! NOT! I think she'll do!
who is asking for Obama?  I am simply asking for someone qualified with experience. Nice try though.
How about someone with actual teaching experience
yes please please please.
Hell, I could do better. I'm a public HS grad and taught in a public college
I'm a public hs grad, public college grad, and teach in a public middle school.
I know plenty who pulled their children from those horrid public schools n they r thriving in charter sch

What does that have do with anything. You really think Trump appointed her for the money?
yes
enjoy it. @realDonaldTrump and all the sleazeballs he brought along for the ride will be gone soon enough. #ResistTrump
You still got it wrong. "Historic" is a good try at proper grammar, but "hysterical" more correctly describes yesterday's events
really? Learn to spell in order to gain the trust of your people. #spellcheck #secretaryofeducation
@Italians4Trump I'm for you, Mrs. DeVos!! I've been an educator for 42 years. Don't back down!! We need you.

Even after you corrected the tweet, it's still grammatically incorrect. But please, tell us how to teach our kids...
@AnnCoulter @seanhannity @CLewandowski_ @IngrahamAngle Day 1 of the Big Letdown, on the path to the 1930's. TMMA!
I guess so...you paid enough for it!
Useless woman!
@realDonaldTrump 
How can you say want Idea to be in hands of the states? Children with disabilities need protection under law
My first time seeing this, and as a teacher, I'm cringing. Grammatically awful!

What a pathetic attempt to revise this woman's tweet. All you did was change what she wrote...  Tell me again what your doing with your life? Other than providing shitty revising tips to people light-years more accomplished than you ?

#LiberalismIsAMentalDisease
Since nobody else has paid any attention to your life changing editing skills, I figure I should reiterate the point I made earlier of conservatives crashing your wet dream when you wander too far out of your safe space.  Can't wait to see your next contribution
Besty I am so honor that he.pick you for school choice no more common core. And I am proud of our 45 President
"You are so HONOR that he.pick you" -did you go to one of Betsy Bear's private schools. Punctuation?#illiterate
it's genuinely too hard to tell anymore
as far as I can see, your level of education does not accomplish the standards someone in your position must have!
The words you were looking for in your deleted tweet was "hysterical" not "historical" and "of" not "for"
I hope you can improve your grammar before you're sworn in
This tweet has been corrected and needs to be signed by your parents.

"inauguration of" -- no capitalization. And you're the new Secretary of Education? Don't blame your staff.  It's your name on the tweet. smh
Still wrong
شفت المقابلة الشخصية مع لجنة قبول الوزراء، مهزلة
جداً.. وفي فيديوات ثانية لتكملة المقابلة.. هذه المرشحة لا تصلح على الإطلاق
on the bright side at least she knew how to spell "honored "
um, inauguration should not be captalized and an inauguration is a swearing-in. Secretary of Education?
The future of education looks bright with you at the helm! Hahahaha...breathing...hahahaha... #idiot
I had to see for myself. You sent this out and blamed staff for the errors? 
Holy shyt, we are fucked.
Just like #Trump she couldn't even take responsibility and had to blame her "staff" #greatrolemodels #wearescrewed
If your spelling is that bad, Then I guess that @realDonaldTrump  didn't hire you becuse of your knowledge. :D
You might want to take elementary grammar over Seems the education level of the Repugs is about the 3rd grade #pathetic #resist
your text has grammatical  errors

, you are a fraud.

seriously lol grammar check lady says it all

all english all the time
You have the intelligence of a peanut shell and you are the secretary of education...The world laughs at you.
do u even grammar?
what is historic about an old white rich guy being president?
so many errors...

And Trump wants you to head our children's education...

Nope
i cannot believe you jackals keep making poor Betsy delete and repost this tweet!
Ah, I die at this tweet!! Thank you!! Love your name, Mama!!
and I love His name #PraiseBeToGod #HeavensForBetsy #SchoolChoice #BearsGottaEatSomewhere #MAGA
Matthew 19:21-26 @nancyleeny @BetsyDeVos
the pinko Commie portion of Bible - obviously doctored by Marxist Martin Luther in 1492 #Facts
am fortunate grizzly bear - Jesus #Blessed me with many salmons - have passed through eye of needle too
Grizzlies are extinct in CA, largely due to greed for money. Going extinct in AK for similar reasons  @nancyleeny @BetsyDeVos
they didn't learn PROSPERITY BIBLE - teach a bear to fish, like park rangers at Yellowstone did for me
and you want to be the education secretary?
so happy for you, I have a story to tell you, would you send me you new work address please ma'am?
Guys, in all fairness, English is hard. Her Bear-safety awareness though...top notch!
Are you with your "life partner"?  As you referred to him him in a recent speech. Christians say "husband". Hmmm
You should be. You payed a lot for your cabinet nomination.
Woo Hoo! Praise God! You are blessed! You are rich! No body should find fault with that or your generosity.
I find @GrammarGirl podcasts to be both illuminating and entertaining. I HIGHLY recommend.
Thank you!
you're welcome! I love listening. Oddly, my trainer and I swap Grammar Girl tips between sets. Everyone needs grammar!
Why do you hate children?
People are so cruel! It's just the devil in them trying to destroy!
we are trying to protect our children and our future by pointing out that DeVos is Satan's hand maiden
That seems unnecessarily cruel to Satan.
sorry Joe, I figured if I used her vernacular it'd make sense
What exactly is so historic about it?
Trump to ban press from white house and gut the IC. That's historic!
it happened in the past?
Nope. Yesterday. Get used to more bans.
hahahahahaha you don't know what the past means!
aww you blocked me. Sad times
Inauguration literally *is* the swearing in ceremony. #PublicSchoolKid
please go home and lay on your piles of money
Bwahahahahahahahaha grammar 101
this is still improper English, even after you sandbagged your staff. You're really not making yourself very good.
#education fail. The edited version you reposted is also incorrect. #WHY #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
you paid enough $$$ to get there!

What a grammatical nightmare.
there, we fixed it for you. 
you have already failed
This fits on so many levels: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uusO0avni9w …
http://m.imgur.com/gallery/00vnS  ppl are watching
that tweet gets an F-
.@BetsyDeVos IT IS STILL INCORRECT. Please I'm begging you not to pursue this position! Do something else!!
I hope you don't become secretary. For profit schools are not the answer....please stay away from our children
We need guns to defend from gummy bears too.
Or gums at least.
You do at least know that you're not standing next to Donald Trump in this picture, right? 
*honered cc: @realDonaldTrump
#Moron
Proper grammar still escapes you. You want to head up Dept.of Ed? Oh, what's so historical about Drumpfenfurher's coronation?
sentence structure is still incorrect...just saying...
looks like you may need to use one of those vouchers and return to school yourself.
I understand you're not writing these tweets, per your profile declaration.  However, you want to run US education.    #Aleppo
Dear God in heaven, please give her another purpose in life!  NOT MY PRESIDENT... I've seen smarter cabinets at IKEA
so not qualified. #idiot
You would be devastating for our kids, especially those with special needs. You are a good advocate for rich kids though. I'll give you that

One would think. .
question is though Betsy, did they have a rifle on stand by for bear attacks like schools should have?
Nice fix after you deleted your grammatically incorrect one you over-matched buffoon.
The fear of God in schools has liberals quaking, it's against the Communist Manifesto. I pray for your nomination.

You are lacking in both proficiency and growth! Nice try blaming your staff.
Do not alter the pell. I have worked too hard in college to not graduate. W/O the pell I will have to drop out.

still wrong and it's making me crazy!
And you want to be captain of the grammar police?
yeah, still needs proofing.
Are you serious? Even I, Dutch guy, notice the grammar misstakes in your tweet. And you'll be the minister of education? #fail
Looks like someone needs a bit more educating.
@marcorubio 
Bought your way in. Fraud!!!

At least you tried to fix it after deleting the old tweet, but it's still wrong :D
You, the freaking king of the kingdom of Grammar Police.
She wants to be Secretary of EDUCATION. So, yes, grammar matters.
"proud to show the world how uneducated I am and how I don't know basic English."
smh and your going try to be the highest education official lol get it together please.
I see you corrected your grammar. Some education expert needed the internet to get it right
LOL. And she fixed it? How sad. @BardofLagrandil
still incorrect.
#Justsaying.....!

#Republican Elisabeth "#Betsy" DeVos, #UnitedStatesSecretaryofEducation
that was a mess.
Dear @BetsyDeVos, please go back to school. Grammar is a pillar of education! You must know this...right?
How many people in the empty stands?
god, are you kidding?
Glad to see you tried to fix this post, but there is still a grammar error. Maybe ask a 4th grade public school teacher to help?
She could also ask any fourth grade STUDENT for help!!
is this supposed to corrected???? And you want to be in charge of the schools that teach our children? OMFG
Make America more bester again!
The word is historic. Saying inauguration and swearing in ceremony is redundant  and was ceremony of, not for, the POTUS.  C-
Sad
Are you sure 'Inauguration' and 'swearing in' are different things?
It's obvious that u & ur rich kind want to privatize education as a gov funded way of getting white kids away from blacks/hisp.

Ladies and gentlemen, our US Education Secretary nominee @BetsyDeVos 
Ah...did you not realize how incredibly idiotic it looks for s SecEdu candidate to be unable to write a proper sentence?
educate yourself first
Still full of errors.  inauguration & swearing in= redundant. 'P' used in title ie President Trump, not 45th president.  NO!


inauguration doesn't need to be capitalized & also "inauguration" implies the "swearing-in ceremony," so the tweet is redundant
education huh?
I see you fixed "historical" but inauguration should be lower case & IT IS THE SAME THING as "swearing in ceremony" OF #45
. . .2. Neither president nor inauguration should be capitalized. Not titular. . .


that is the best color I've ever seen on anyone. 
of course-because he's giving you a position for which you're uniquely unqualified! Any actual teacher is more qualified than u!
Good thing Walmart is creating 10k jobs. That's about all kids will be skilled for after you're done with them.
Lol.
Your poor grammar hurts my brain.
You had the original corrected and still missed two errors.
your grammar is STILL incorrect.
jajaja, again the capital I, you failed twice, 
.@BetsyDeVos Please learn grammar. Public schools teach it. #alternatefacts
You teach what?

English. Do you speak it, Secretary of Education?
you are worse than Donald Trump.
you do know that the inauguration includes swearing in the president elect? It's not two separate events! God help our education
wishing you success.  Our schools need you.
#grabthembythepussy
You made one small correction but your tweet is still incorrect. See?
Almost hit that minimum word count! Mother and Father won't pull your tuition!

Now I feel really sorry for all the American kids trying to learn something. #TacticalFacePalm
Yes, you put "historic" but considering you're up for US Sec of Ed, you may want to buff up on grammar. #NeverMySecOfEd

There you go, Sweetpea.
there fixed it for you  -_-
Public school educated .....uhmmm u still got it wrong
You have no place in or near our schools' classrooms, or making decisions that affect those who do.
Still wrong.
Growth versus Achievement is the talk of the #education community. I watched your hearing. I was stunned.
definition of inauguration - a ceremonial induction into office - tweet redundant; OF not FOR - WOW
.@BetsyDeVos .@KellyannePolls I guess you might call this tweet "alternative grammar."
I think you need additional education on correct grammar.  #notveryintelligenttweet
still has mistakes.  "and swearing-in ceremony" is redundant.  and it's "of the 45th" not "for the 45th."  nice try.  #Unqualified
The country is pulling for your confirmation. You'll make our education system great again.
.@BetsyDeVos Do #alternativefacts also apply to grammar?
How is education going in MI?   How are reading scores?   Why do you think they dropped from 28th to 41st since 2003?  Thoughts?
You're hysterical!
Twitter...it's not for everybody.
Especially education czars that haven't mastered simple grammar.
And this moron in now in charge of your schools.
- how will you represent education if you can't compose a tweet using proper syntax?

wow. @usedgov . Thank you @POTUS @GOP .
@mrdavidduran @realDonaldTrump DeVos will help end the feds telling you how to teach our kids. That's the point. Be happy.
#grizzlies Your tweet is still grammatically incorrect. Please go back to your private school and get your money back.
Just remember your God is watching you.  
