She's going to do a great job. Sorry, edu union crybabies.
I love how yaw feel this has anything to do with unions. It's about monetizing education
it's about profits over people. It's about who can pay to play--like her!
they don't hear you though!!!
They don't listen. Want to destroy school choice, protect tenure.
paying teachers more money we can't afford will make better students? stupid.
it's not about school choice, it was never about choice. I actually never
I love this sign I saw on FB for @BetsyDeVos #resign #resist #Unqualified #paid4herjob
I'm asking you honestly why you think she is unqualified/incompetent

ok do you realize that a literal definition of being qualified for this position is irrelevant.
she is a PUBLIC SERVANT
she was so successful in business that she was chosen for this position bc our education system is financially ill
if we continue to fill public servant positions with people u feel are "qualified" the education system will fail
these "qualified" people have fucked our educ in America. We need someone to restructure our education system
still probably not a single competent teacher is willing to speak to you. I wonder why.
Because they're union hacks more worried about tenure than kids. That's why!
so you think private industry will fix the schools like they did the prison system?
Congratulations on connecting public education with prison system..
who are you to comment on the us public school system? Ever been?
And who are you to comment on the job which is 10 steps above your expertise?
Nice budget, smiley vampire.
EVERY SINGLE POST IS WITH BLACK PEOPLE?! #AllLivesMatter #AmericansAreDreamersToo #WhiteChildrenMatterToo #WhiteLivesMatter Too #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #WhiteGenocide #WhiteGuilt #racialProfiling #LiberalismIsaCancer #FedUp
All of the people pictured here are more qualified for your job than you are! That's gotta hurt.
why they fight #schoolchoice so MUCH. HELP- Stupid America - John Stossel Show
so happy you're having a great time for a job you paid for.
Keep melting snowflake
Winter is coming 

I'm sure they discussed  concerns for defunding of school programs and the need of money to run said programs , But did you listen 
DeVos and Trump cut 9 BILLION from education budget while Trump calls for GUNS for teachers. WHO will pay for the guns, training, ammunition, follow on training to maintain proficiency???????
hope you learned something.
imagine being able to retire, but going through the public humiliation just to destroy children's education
Yea ...Kinda makes you think that's not the reason she's there.
I don't think some people understand my comment. It's pro @BetsyDeVos . She's there to do good! 
she's there to strip mine public education and line her pockets
And you evidence for your outlandish claim is_________? nothing.
Detroit public schools
That's what I thought. Have a nice day with your divisive and hateful heart.
Interesting when people are of a different opinion, they are instantly declared divisive and hateful.. so shallow.
We need to raise the bar for public schools and prioritize vocational training. Shop class made my career.
As it did for many other under achievers
That is just not so, but of course that belief makes students who would excel in a vocation not go to vocational schoo
@EC_Kelley - you are correct and I apologize for that statement, it was mean spirited, birthed and fueled by my disgust of Betsy Devos
Believe me as a public educator in rural VA I hold know feelings of kindness toward Betsy DishizatVos but I have seen how Vocational education can help students & I see how that image keeps students from it. No hard feelings!  Hope you have a fantabulous weekend!
She fits right in with @realDonaldTrump Consider her lack of knowledge #paytoplaydevos #teachersagainstdevos
U must change how our HS Students r readied to enter workforce, by Junior yr. Students shouldn’t be taking class, but working...
I agree... totally


BTW we have decades of solid ED research on best practice. I've spent 20 years studying it. U might want to get reading.
ey @MoaninMary @SymoneDSanders @RealDLHughley ??
< She's full of pure unadulterated #BS @HUPrez17 @HowardU @SymoneDSanders @RealDLHughley
that would be a great university for you to destroy too
Betsy, u are another disgusting POS in this admin!
Sad that the money this teacher needs 1k$ Devos spends in a couple of hours
https://www.donorschoose.org/project/build-a-band/2286034/ …
we know that Omarosa put you up to this. This is probably the first time you even heard of Howard University.
Wow, Betsy in a room with African Americans. Make sure you get that picture and tweet it out as fast as you can! There is something about this woman I just can't stand. Maybe it's the ineptitude or just her empty head.
so like Donald Trump are you going to sit around tweeting information? To me that is not professional
hiding things is professional?
what did we do before Twitter? There are many ways to give information out in a professional way
has an excellent education program, maybe you should take some courses to prepare for the job you bought.
Step down already. You clearly have no clue about ANYTHING regarding education. Just a train wreck all around.
did they explain education to you?
$$$ where ever you can get it, even from poor students

hopefully you brought a pencil
@cnn Wondering when you are planning to divest yourself from Windquest Group, Neruocore, Amway, Stowe Co etc?

D- dog 
No ma'am, WE will not be deterred by YOU.
G- goat 


Secretary of education Betsy Devos spoke to me and only a hand full of students. She did not properly answer my only question. She did not sit down with any students and asked what we wanted. Douglas has 3,000…
you also forgot to tweet about how you were blocked from a DC school 
You are completely unqualified for your position and you know it. Also, those boots don't go with those pants... just sayin'
wow the liberals are frothing at the mouth. Too much fun watching them loose again and again 
Thirty seven flipped elections since trump took office. Also, “lose.”
did they tell you where the pencils are located?
Shill
Things got heated when Rep. @RosaDeLauro took Betsy DeVos to task on the Department of Education's potential plan to preempt state regulations on predatory student loan collectors 
THE ABSOLUTE WORSE THAT US EDU WHAT SO EVER! BUY IN WITH DADDYS MONEY! NOT KNOWLEDGE!
go get em Betsy
E- eagle 
please contribute to the HBCU. Penance for the destruction your about to administrate.

@POTUS Did POTUS give you permission to wear that pantsuit? Doesn't he want you dressed like a 50's housewife?
I would like to see your top priorities outlined in writing for public education.
You have to simplify your question for her to understand
Judas betrayed Jesus for 30 pieces of silver, how many did you get @HUPrez17

some leaders are born.
But, we can create them with smaller class sizes.

Everyone not just a few because you dont habe time.
She's not fit to step foot on our campus; shame on you for having her.
You took you lying fake smile to HOWARD?
This is awful, like watching a slomo train wreck in progress. How many students' futures will u destroy?
not as many as public 'education' did
#TheResistance
@gollum1419_g @BetsyDeVos @HUPrez17 @HowardU The scary thing is that DeVos might put that in your science textbook too.
haha I'm dying 
did you offer to donate as much money to HBCUs as you did to  line the Republican pockets that voted for you?
I don't accept random data from random people. Please link the report u got ur ranking from. P. S. Learned that in grad school.
Do you know why they have the best schools? The kids are disciplined......and smart....Everyone has different gifts!
you gave me a rank of 29 out of 30. I don't see that list in any of the links you gave me. And one was from 2006. Old much?
Besides I have taught at the college level and I see that students cannot write, nor do they want to read, math, pathetic.

check your bank account for a clue. It's a bit lighter.
check campaign accts of Dem members of senate. Lots of deposits from @AFTunion
Not even remotely the same thing.
you're right, it's worse.
Class dimisssed. You failed.
funny how same principle doesnt apply when its political view u agree w/
it's funny how you use the false equivalency of a union of some of the most dedicated
Must be humiliating to not even be able to get into a Public School for a photo opp w/o protestors blocking you.
What a shame. America is 29 out of 30 in developed countries. You should be so proud!!!!
did they give you a pencil?
RESIGN!
@HowardUhttp://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/02/06/radical-berkeley-anti-milo-protest-leader-no-regrets/
Cruella DeVille incarnated
Did they explain what Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs is? How about Bloom's Taxonomy? Educators know. Shouldn't you?
It does not 'advance the kingdom' to appropriate public funds for private religion.  We do it with hearts.
Please visit as many public schools as possible in the next 90 days. Listen to our teachers, administrators.
You desecrated the ground at Howard U by being there. Get UR low IQ out of D.C. a most noble, dignified, historic city.
Token "people of color" snapshot to show you're a person of the people. No doubt u have people of color in ur life, just not at ur table
stay strong don't be discouraged we have your back!
I see the photo ops have begun.
You are not a person of god, you are deceiving and a liar. don't belittle Christianity.
this pic looks like the beginning of something you see on PORNHUB!
Congrats on the +200 million dollars you and your family spent to get you in that room #blessed
U- suck
right, I'm sure you don't care about them. You are a billionaire who has no idea what it's like.
we look forward to seeing your plans for elem, MS & HS. Howard university doesn't need help. They got HUGE donors
So, what you're saying is that the first steps towards destroying the public education system has begun.
Too diverse!
My question is serious: Why do you want this position? Why do you want to destroy public schools?
Can't you afford a new face? Or, is that your new face?
Please come to the university I teach at so we can dance and give you the papers to #ResignImmediately

Thank you K-School students - brilliant question at end of video - brilliant protest! https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/9/29/1702700/-Betsy-DeVos-faces-absolutely-stunning-silent-protest-at-Harvard?detail=facebook …
Go home  you are unqualified , unethical and unwanted in our school system
Thank you for your service. We are with you. I  am embarrassed by the behavior of fellow Americans today in blocking your visit
enjoying the job you bought?
it's like having to choose between an imbecile driving the school bus or no school bus at all
please tell me YOU at least know who Frederick Douglass WAS.  #devos #howard #FrederickDouglas
nope pretty sure it lies with our President not knowing...not knowing a lot.
#Icare #publicschools #Teach #paraprofessionalscare #studentsmatter
Hopefully you were inspired to donate half your net worth to make a real difference. If so, you'll be okay, PLENTY of $$ left
#TrumpPlans2StealAllOIL #4PutinKleptocracy #Ww3Wrestling #TrumpPutin #HypeFight #WagWar2SilenceFBIspyMEDIA #Complicit #PutinUseUSA2WageWAR
remember when u attempted to enter a public school (possibly for the first time ever) today but was blocked? lol
skank
They didn't like you. Get a grip you patronizing lout.
Is that the rich lady who bought a bunch of Repub Senator's votes? #PaytoPlay is real.  RIP public schools.
I bet everyone here--except Betsy--knew how to spell W.E.B. Du Bois correctly.
OMG Betsy are those the first black people you've ever met? Good for you!!! How was it???
"Discussing how we can extract more from student loans, and lower the wage of teachers. Lets all get rich, fuck yall"
I'm very glad the protesters yelled SHAME at you. You will try to destroy public schools but we won't let you
was the $200 mil worth it?
get into the public schools-forget private and FIX the system
boo
Great photo opp. #BlackHistoryMonth
the ACE structure will keep students from getting bored or overwhelmed (spec ed needs).
yea great visit because everyone and anyone can get into Howard and pay for it
Don't pretend like you have black friends
don't you feel sad that your school visits are being cancelled? Just give up, you're not fit for this job
was this your first time at Howard?
resign
why don't you go and spend a week in an ESE classroom rather than taking down their website. #buyajobdevos
M- monkey 
Did you talk to them about all the amazing things Frederick Douglass is doing nowadays?
Remember the word my fellow democrat yelled at you? No? Here you go, Easy D, it was SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAMESHAME
resign
Slumming it @BetsyDeVos ? You are OUTRAGEOUS!! We see right through you! Don't mistake kindness for weakness!
Betsy- speak 2 SPED attnys in cali abt what public school is really like;bleach in feeding tube, sex abuse ex
Congratulations Ms DeVos, you have % of my support, so excited about the improvements you will bring to education
@realDonaldTrump there is 200 millions reasons you shouldn't be in that position but you are to stupid to see that #badpeople
@womensmarch I hope you choose to tweet about all your adventures as Edu Sec so we can all have a front seat to your failure
look at you getting you photo opp with minority students. Do you really think you are fooling anyone? #BetsyDeVos #MoneyTalks
K- kick
nobody wants you, why don't you become a NUN?
Bravo Betsy. Making America sukk bigly
They weren't there by choice.  Nobody would meet with you by choice.  Any plagiarizing today, M'am?
Student loans should be forgiven or at least 1/2 you can't have the American Dream with only $2 left after the monthly payment.
does this work on people?
Experiential training for leadership! Appreciate you! Blessings! Greg Taddeo
Building STEPS is excited about working with you. We are all passionate about quality education.

If you look closely at my commentary, you'll see I defend you: Both you & this girl are victims of unjustified Prejudice/Hatred.
@OMAROSA @HUPrez17 @HowardU  you ont be there long
so whats the deal pretend to care so one of Trumps companies can buy the property???

Did they help with the big words?
shame on you @BetsyDeVos  shame on you
i'm not sure everyone in this room is qualified betsy @BetsyDeVos
God, there's a fucking EMPTY CHAIR in the foreground, it's like she's trying to make it easier for you.
#blessed
Intelligent design in action.
Do something to stop the political brainwashing and political bullying. NOT OK! Why are teachers given so much power!! SCARY!
do better
We're blessed to have you on the job! You're going to help make our nations education great again!
you don't know what the Hell children need for school.  You have no idea of what children go through in public schools. Resign!
cause that w(h)ine party needs some cheese! Please know they don't speak for most of us.
Hey look everyone! It's a stupid!
don't mess with a mother and her kids! Resign #notmydaughter 
You were warned..and you left..Bravo Jefferson El parents #persist
