
lying liarsons gonna lie
That was a beautiful poem for a poor person. ~#BetsyDeVos
thanks Betsy! I really value that coming from such a soaring intellect as yourself ;)
Let's get to work sweety. You know what to do!!!
Congrats please watch your back
Congratulations and good luck! 
If you think you're bringing your faith to the public square-you better check the constitution you just swore an oath to!
Your POTUS has already shown you that the Constitution doesn't matter. ~#BetsyDeVos
Because of you now there will be more school shootings....You Christians crack me up with your 'obsession' of GUNS.
More school shootings of grizzly bears of course! ~#BetsyDeVos
how soon until you destroy education for the American people?
You can't destroy something that's already in tatters, dear. ~#BetsyDeVos
yup! Sounds exactly like something I'd expect from her. Maybe she can buy the students passing grades?
As long as they are rich, white Christians, I'll make sure they get pushed through. ~#BetsyDeVos
. Bravo.  Excellent comment.  I'm a MI parent and appalled at what had happened here.  Beware.
*has*
That's a great correction. I love good spelling and grammar. ~#BetsyDeVos
lol not with you at the helm
I'm outsourcing my position to the lowest bidder. I will just be doing photo ops and other appearances. ~#BetsyDeVos
Gotta admit, you hit the ground running. Your off to a good start. .. and congratulations!
You're right! I tweeted already! ~#BetsyDeVos
View the meeting tapes honestly then perhaps I'll take this as serious.
Betsy, could you make a video in your own words, explaining evolution by natural selection?
something about this post seems more than a little insincere.
good luck ma'am I have so much faith I pray you can change the direction to math social studies ect again,boces was good start.
Boces and money are my favorite subjects. ~#BetsyDeVos
you have no idea what she had to do as a child with cerebral palsy you are heartless and prove my point
I do what I can. ~#BetsyDeVos
we are all waiting for you to fail. Please prove us wrong
Look around you. You'll never know the difference. ~#BetsyDeVos
I think I meant PRIVATE education.
 ~#BetsyDeVos
PLEASE get rid of Common Core!!!!!!
@Italians4Trump thank you for putting your life on hold while trying to fix the education system of America.
please throw out common core. I'm home schooling to get away from the insanity of it.
So when can we start dismantling it? Get the FED out of Ed, give it back to the states!
So you want to remove Federal money from public schools?
I'd like to remove Federal Money from most things, give it back to the states and the people!
So no more federal income tax? I get your point, but I'd be concerned about poorer states getting left behind in education.
that was the framers intent, each state was an independent sovereign entity, the peoples of each state are responsible
That may have been the intent almost 250 years ago, but this is a much different world. That would hurts kids in poor states, IMO
so they move to richer states or their parents drive change in their state legislatures. What we're doing isn't working
Either would your suggestion, unfortunately. Life isn't that simple. Have a nice weekend.
I don't play ball, but I was contemplating buying partial ownership of a profitable team. ~#BetsyDeVos
for sale to the highest bidder
what a joke you're making of our children's education and their futures.
I am not a stand-up comedian. ~#BetsyDeVos

# I believe you will make a difference for the children Thank you
Public right?  It will stay public?
Public school will remain, but teachers unions won't be able to stop other options (charter, homeschooling).
Charters are no panacea, especially with disabled students
Nothing is a perfect solution to all, but for all, there will be a solution.
Congratulations excited for the future of all students
I'm particularly excited for the rich, white ones who love Jesus. ~#BetsyDeVos
I'm excited for the poor white ones that love Jesus too!
Indeed! Everyone has the right to marry rich. ~#BetsyDeVos
Or marry poor @BetsyDeeVos
exactly!

cite your source.
Unqualified to be in the position you bought
I'm outsourcing my position to the lowest bidder so don't worry. ~#BetsyDeVos
@syoka68 Please make it about the kids. Make learning fun again. Let teachers teach. Untie their hands.
Teachers can do whatever they want in public school. It's a free-for-all. ~#BetsyDeVos
your goals ruin public education.
You can't ruin something that was meant to be in ruins my dear. ~#BetsyDeVos
Education is not a business, it is an act of compassion and love.
Perspective is everything my dear. ~#BetsyDeVos
Be sure you do not promote any religion. There are concerns you have in the past. #edchat
based on the 'evidence' it takes more faith to believe in Man-made Global Warming and evolution than Almighy God.
well you're just cuckoo, aren't you?
As a teacher, I for one am really looking forward to any ideas, changes you put forward. Wishing you success in your new role.
I'm sure it will be first: get rid of your retirement. Second: lower your wage. Just brainstorming! 
wait, thought this was about the kiddos?  No, I see it's not. Not about your retirement. Its  about education!!!!!
If you have money, the world is your oyster. ~#BetsyDeVos
I love how the poor fall for the "will work for free" card as I align myself with other wealthy people. ~#BetsyDeVos
"Student -centric" means a new way for the DeVos family to sell out kids and get rich!!
We are with you! Students, teachers, parents and grandparents ! Let's get those kids motivated & excited about learning!
As a teacher, I'm not with her, no actual educator I know is. As a special needs mom, I am horrified.
If  u are "horrified" of educational change, then u do not have ur
students best interest in mind
We serve ALL students, regardless of ability and income level.  Private does not.
You should be ashamed of BUYING your way into your job. Your lack of experience will destroy this country's educational system
Sarah, you must first understand how this country works. ~#BetsyDeVos
And I'm sure you, with Mrs. DeVos, are going to tell us exactly how that is? I'm anxiously awaiting your response
Step one is to get wealthy. After you make it to that point, contact me.
Bankruptcy protections for students would go a long way toward that; and it would immediately hold accountable all involved.
That is a lot of mumbo jumbo you just said there. ~#BetsyDeVos
hmm; okay; pleasure; for a spoof, you're not very amusing. I thought ventriloquist dolls were at least funny?
For a human, you are not very good with punctuation.
Well done.  And goodbye.
How about NO Federal "Education" system. Return student loans to private institutions without the "progressive" regulations.
Yes, let's stop progress for poor kids and focus on the 1%. ~#BetsyDeVos
Your class warfare rhetoric is old news. Time to be truly progressive and return individual choice to schooling.
We'll see how that works out over the next four years. ~#BetsyDeVos
So let's defund it so we can push your extremist religious agenda. #NotMyPresident #VeteransAgainstTrump #YourPresidentIsAMoron
Aww it's Forrest !  Forrest Gump.   Not even that's a insult to Forrest
you sure enough shared your millions of dollars to the Republican senators who confirmed someone who's never been in public ed.
her family has shared millions for education & higher education too. Do a little research @BetsyDeVos
right like pushing her agenda in MI. Working so well for us...
good luck Betsy! As a Northwood University grad, I wish you the very best!!
Northwood is a scam, but thank you. ~#BetsyDeVos
My BBA from 1984 is no scam. Your 25 followers are a scam @BetsyDeVos
I've been on Twitter for minutes and I have more traction than you. Use your degree to do that math. ~#BetsyDeVos
you're a Bot. So that makes sense @BetsyDeVos
Yes, bots are so clever now that they construct sentences like this and tell you you're wrong. ~#BetsyDeVos
thanks, fake person. Coward  @BetsyDeVos
No one will help you here. ~#BetsyDeVos
.@BetsyDeVos maybe your students can read this chart
im' a produckt of the betsie devos's edukation' systum
ROSSIA SUPPORTS YOU PSYCHOLADY!! FOCK THE POOR!!! TRUMP AND PUTIN WILL FOCK THEM TOGETHER BUT ARE NOT GAY!!!
You're still going, huh? ~#BetsyDeVos
in terms of increasing the profits of unaffordable charter schools, you do appreciate
yes n the 2 hundred million
Betsy DeVil - I fixed your name for you 
do you hear what the world is saying about you? Seriously, you need to resign. Take Trump with you and move to a desert island.
Yeah, that worked out so well in DETROIT.  You are a liar and a con - you have found the perfect bunch to hang with!
how can you promote innovative student centered P.E when you have no clue how  public education works?
Student "Centric" is that a word?
maybe it's the new "alternative grammar"?
The New Alternative Grammer: make up words and definitions.
"We expect a return on investment." -BD EDUCATION IS NOT A COMMODITY  #ignorancekills #Resist #staywoke #
millions of us aren't blessed to be a 'billionaire' ;)
This is you.
Nothing like buying a seat to ruin public ed like you did in Mi.  You're truly the least qualified person to direct education. #moron
We've already done the typical "innovative" & the #'s suck!
R u or r u not advocating for effective ratios?
1:5 k-6
1:10 7-12
isn't that a state matter?
Hopefully you can stop these schools from drugging the children for money for their area. Over 4million have ben dru
try visiting & listening before talking. #PublicschoolProud
yet you have zero public education experience.  have you filled out FaFsa?  What public school did you attend? Your kids?
Take your millions and Russian server and go home.
Good luck, I know my local district needs it!!!!!
meanwhile,  you will Gut funding for Public Schools
They all hate you for not knowing a goddamn thing about your job.
You wouldn't know education if it bit you on your ignorant @$$!
Why don't you give the students some shitty amway crap.
No, thank YOU for supporting elite white people. ~#BetsyDeVos

can i have some monnnneyyy i wanna buy some school supplies. $200k would be good. lets see it, deep pockets! yo yo gimme dough b
Look to Finland!!
You share your money; you bought the votes. Every teacher, every educational staff member is watching every move you make.
keep your hands off our children.
God Bless you Betsy! May the Holy Spirit surround and guide you in all your day's! Jesus loves you for Loving his children!
Many heavenly Holy Ghosts to you, too! ~#BetsyDeVos
so you're going to treat students with disabilities and of low income families as your own?
you don't deserve to be amongst these dedicated educators.
You barely made confirmation.  Anything you present to real educators will be highly scrutinized.  Don't get too comfy, girl.
I'm not big on presentations. ~#BetsyDeVos
is that before or after they get rid of the Dept. of Education?
You are toxic to education. You bought your position, please go back to your country club immediately. Donate to charity!!
perhaps u should start educating yourself on what works& what doesn't.I challenge u to visit my public district school. #awesome
You're a walking nightmare.
what do you know about public education?
well Betsy, my first day usually includes handing out the ones I bought for every student.
already you're using the wrong terminology
in the Finland model.
hey Betsy, it's STUDENT CENTERED. Not centric. Take an English class to read/write/speak more better and stuff.
I want to know how you will innovate in a way that doesn't disproportionately benefit the wealthy.
Taking down IDEA info does not absolve you from the responsibility of overseeing FAPE.  Whether you like it or not, it's the law
I fail to see how removing info from ur gov website re #ChildrenWithDisabilities is productive to goal
Praying for you and your family #MAGA
Congrats on your nomination!
I'm confirmed, Denise, but thank you. ~#BetsyDeVos
by having it privatized and making gou and you lackeys $$$...we get it you goal is charters, $$$, and shut out those that need
how many rt's do I need to get for you to resign?
yeah, students in schools where you force religion on them?
Again...this is from someone who is OK with guns in schools because of the rampant Grizzly Bear problem! This is pathetic.
two spaces after the colon.
~~
I thought 2 spaces after the period, 1 space after colon & semicolon.
Danged public education.
What kind of animal puts 2 spaces after the period or a colon?
student-centric is not a word. you do not have the right to make up words, especially when the students mean nothing to you.
Now let's give vouchers to every legal child, let them take it to school of choice! Schools will compete for funds & get better!
This means that some teachers will come up short. Unable to do the job.
I am a huge fan of generic buzz words when talking about public schools! ~#BetsyDeVos
just keep your 'god' out of public schools. Kids already have enough to deal with without that crap.
The problem is your total lack of qualifications for the job you should've declined. You have NO BUSINESS criticising schools.
find your pencils at teacher supply stores, using your personal money, the way teachers across America do on a daily basis.
My kids love South Park. It's a bit to risque for someone as important and public as myself. ~#BetsyDeVos
Good luck I hope you fix a educational system where teacher's jobs are guaranteed but children getting a Good education isnt.
Bad schools will always have problems. ~#BetsyDeVos
you can do that by resigning.
The only secretary position you're qualified for is the one in which you get your boss some coffee.....and maybe not even that.
you are unqualified to hold that position and you are going to ruin everything you touch. Please just stay out of our way.
yes! Fuck those teachers! Don’t even mention them.
Your record of throwing money at policies that have destroyed public schools says otherwise. You are a fraud
Iowa just approved 1.1% funding. Public schools to cut teachers but let's be innovative....
Liar.
Actual competence and integrity, fail. Like a grizzly on a tightrope in a shark's mouth.
That money can buy?
better keep looking for that pencil.
Come see my public education classroom anytime! My students would love to share the amazing things we're learning together!
I'm not sure you know what a 'public education system' really is...having never actually been to one...
sell any public schools today Betsy?  Have you told rural America that they are screwed because of you
and a traitor also since you're siding with the Cheetoh Face Traitor!!
I just cant understand how someone like this is leading our schools. We deserve much better than homophobic lunatic. Go home and allow someone qualified to take over.  You are becoming americas most hated woman
I'd prefer the best.
what are your opinions and stances on the student loan debt situation currently
Student-centric public education system actually requires investing in students and teachers. Pay teachers more.
Yea it will be great the way you are making it harder for girls to prove they were raped.
Please don't teach creationism in science class.
You've made it clear you want our schools to be GOD-centric and we will fight you every step of the way.
Ms DeVos please do not do away with IDEA! Our children need this and it is something that is truly working!
Key word, "public" education. We want public schools not charter schools replacing them for money. Be sensible or u will quit.
don't you mean Betsy - centric? You are not wanted or needed in public service ( or as u do it "self-service")
That continues to incude rights for disabilities and LGBT, right? RRRRIGHT???
even the youngest of American students know you're an imbecile. Are you familiar with that word?  It means "a stupid person."
well that will be impossible with your views on vouchers. Education is for everyone not just your rich friends.
don't even think about trying to give Public Education money to your private schools!!!
Did you mean to say that you're going to privatize schools in order to make more billionaires like you richer?
what hubris!!! You have NO idea how to do that. Not a clue. Entitled wealth doesn't equal knowledge.
so does that mean you're sending Winnie the Pooh to schools so that the schools can fight him off Grizzly Lady!!
end Common Core !
NO JESUS in the schools I hope.
Honestly, how will you be able to do that when you have never been a teacher or even a parent of a public school student? #FAIL
since when?
Best public system publicly founded YES! Private, especially religious school system publicly founded- NEVER!
Most innovative...

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RGI7Cl_NU2U …
For all US students: http://firearminjuries.com/signup.php  [$13-] New 1st Responders
Good PR words but actions for your for-profit friends is what will count. Reality setting in with real people not your schills.
do the right thing and let someone more qualified have the SoE job... anybody w any qualificatios constitutes "more qualified"
I'm looking to outsource the position so no worries. ~#BetsyDeVos
u r the worst thing 2 happen 2 public ed.Maybe u should take those vouchers & fund yourself a college edu..
I'm embarrassed that you and your ignorance are going to be responsible for setting standards to educate our future
Yes!!! We need to get these young kids, THINKING again- problem solving,, pondering the universe, asking questions.
I will push for segregation. ~#BetsyDeVos
.@BetsyDeVos Innovative? Like ruining it? Keep your religion out of schools!! Freedom of religion means ALL religions, not just yours.
We're watching you, Betsy. Don't fuck it up. #pay4play
This rhetoric doesn't hide that you stand to profit from your position.
then do something other than stare blankly when ?s about education are asked of you. Get to work.
How much are my children worth? #NoonDeVos
It starts with looking at Nations like Israel ... where programming skills and Math ate high priority
Yes! Yes!! Yes!!!!
can u tell me where to find the IDEA website?
public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public. Public.
Congratulations!!! I know you will do a fantastic job! #TrumpTrain #MAGA
we're watching.
YOU ARE AN ABSOLUTE JOKEAND A POTENTIAL GRIZZLY 
You should write children's literature. ~#BetsyDeVos
if you're qualified for this job, come to my school and let teachers evaluate your pedagogy. Do you know what that means?
teachers buy pencils for their students everyday.  An educator would know that !!!
through Gods light and a basic monthly payment system your child can learn good and read good too
hungry children  heartless like your brother
