Did your staff tweet this and/or take the photo? Please withdraw. Kids deserve better.
please state your facts that kids will do better.
I said kids deserve better like a leader who knows something about educating children and existing policies and laws.
did Obama know anything about being a President.  Years ago you didn't need a degree to teach.
"Years ago" you didn't need a degree to practice law or medicine. Would you go to unlicensed attorney or doctor now?
I'm taliking 20years ago.
Twenty years ago you needed a license to teach. I got my license to teach over 30 years ago.
In the 70's which was over 20 years ago lol(sorry about that) you did not need to have a teaching degree.
it's simply amazing the seats and job offers you get when your family has donated over $200 million to the GOP.
She doesn't have to do any of this. Be a gentleman.
excuse me? She's got millions of her own money in private ed. Do some research she's completely unqualified.
unqualified, why? Facts?
if you can't be asked to Google or watch the hearings I'm not going to do it for you.
let's hear it.  Come on , I'm dying to hear it.
that's just it she doesn't have any qualifications for the job other then her family having money. Not one
define qualifications?
Hope you are confirmed quickly.
plz say ur kidding
about?
about being confirmed. She's clueless about education. R u a teacher? If so, you'd understand. Obviously u aren't. I am
what specifically don't you like or is it because she is a pro lifer
If u don't know what proficiency & growth is ur not qualified.  She didnt know what IDEA was! And she worked w schools?
so explain IDEA to me I was only the DOT for the largest Training command on the Navy.
if she worked so hard w schools, she would know this. I been teaching for 7 yrs and i know this.

So, when are you instituting the revival of the Hitler Youth parade?
America is in Big trouble
The ants go marching 2 by 2 hurrah, hurrah.  That's a school song. Did you know that?
How does it feel working for a gaggle of incompetent traitors? What did YOU know when you bought your position in the red White House?
Shh!  she is one
Watching people fight your confirmation is an incredible experience
Ah yes, as you sat in the enclosed, heated space, on your cushioned chair and pretended that you were just another citizen
move camera to the left all empty seats lmao oh also u suck
The seats are not as empty as your head lamatatan.
y is ur name wolverine tryna make up for someting anywho we know yall bitter
Okay... let's ask that question using regular English grammar.  Then I might have an answer for you.
Why would a dimwit loser Trump fan attempt to claim the mantle of Wolverine when he's clearly a snowflake?

Heh . . . we'll see for how long. I'll give it a week or two.
lol.  Keep dreaming.
Oh look, empty seats even inside the glass booth.
congratulations
it would be incredible to see u in an isis flick
So proud of our new POTUS & proud of you too! Support & prayers from a retired teacher in TX! You go Girl!
do you even know how detrimental Devos' education plans have been for the state of MI? Research then try again. Smh
Darn right...she's completely incompetent (THAT was better than bubble-headed bleached blonde)

// nice..
Lots of empty seats even in the prime bleacher spot in front of prez! Trump couldn't hire enough seat fillers!
GO ONLINE & SEE YOUR HOME WHERE STUDENTS FROM EVERYWHERE & PARENTS WILL BE WANTING DIRECT ANSWERS & NO BULLSHIT LIES AS YOU NORMALLY DO!!!! 
oh you mean the smallest showing in presidential history
45 would be so pissed at you for showing those empty bleachers
nice...you managed to get a shot of one of few places along the parade route where there were more than a handful on bleachers
empty
nice seats..bought and PAID for!
lots of empty space in those stands. Thank you for providing proof that the parade was a HUGE FAILURE
why is it so empty ?
it was probably incredible because you weren't overcrowded. Even from your view the amount of supporters is dismal.
But did you watch the Women's March - MUCH larger and MUCH more patriotic.
nice photo. please visit : https://www.collegepaperwritingservices.com 
looks pretty empty
as a student in public schools you are sickening. i will never support you.
You can't do the job! You are unqualified!
Let me guess Isabella, you are more qualified?  Keep paying your teacher union dues...
I am a doctor and a small business owner. And I have seen the Devos family's handiwork in GR. Shame on them!
so because her family has issues, she has issues? So if your uncle is in jail, you are a criminal too???
Did you watch her confirmation hearing? She is not qualified, lacks knowledge of basic issues.....
You are utterly and tragically unqualified for the job you seek.. Withdraw. Save face. ASAP.
seriously, this has to be the worst nomination in the history of mankind.
Yeah, in a sea of abysmally terrible nominations.
has 0 knowledge and 0 plan of action. Hey Betsy...did you google IDEA? No, not the word idea, the federal law.
Plus you had more than enough room to spread out
Keep telling yourself that. #maga
actually most of the SOE, including DeVos, had Bachelor degrees in political science.
looks kinda low energy for your investment. Losers. Sad!
Watching a damn parade "incredible??" What are you,.THREE YEARS OLD?? #dunce #corrupt #brownnoser #liar
and here's another photo
empty
lol at empty seats. #alternativefacts
can you tell me what colors those are?
Look at all the empty chairs.
Good to know there were plenty of seats to grab at last minute
most of them were protesters! I remember hearing alot of boo's when he rolled by #BritneyArmy #iHeartAwards #BestFanArmy
Never been to a parade before either, huh?
kinda sparce
Looks well attended 
why all the chairs empty boo?
https://www.facebook.com/notes/paul-howard/devos-the-future-of-education-in-america-part-1-devoid-of-qualification/1397666200296731 …
all four of you 
Nice being in a glass bubble, eh?

thanks for proving that Obama had a better attendance . And that means more people came to the parade the to Trumputins parade
the parade the next day was much bigger and better
Good thing was, there was plenty of space for you to move around.

Incredible, how? My public school Eng. teacher would've told u "incredible" is a weak adjective. #WordChoice #goodwritingmatters
we will not accept @BetsyDeVos as our secretary of education
Sorry people got the wrong date on the invitation... Don't worry, we will get the day right for the next inauguration ;)
Lots of empty space for that most attended event!!
Lots of empty seats there.
yes more people showed up than EVER BEFORE PERIOS @seanspicer
I bet it was HISTORICAL, or HISTORIC? hmmm.... YOU TELL US!
they didnt give you front row seats huh?..
please do America a favor and withdraw
parades are incredible aren't they?
Hey Bets, love the profile pic of you pretend working at a pottery barn. You are pathetic!!
Oh wow. Someone paid people 10 bucks each to stand in those bleachers.
What are your views on present public schools and how you will change them?I believe for 25 years the system has changed what do
another swamp monster.  BOYCOTT TIME!!!
unqualified and awkward.

Kings decision on ACICS is in need of being reviewed. Bad deal.. Many jobs and future labor force at risk #equalityineducation
empty stands
thx for the great pic. You can clearly see the spaced out ppl and how empty the bleachers are. Btw #Unqualified #dropout
Full house #alternativefacts
What am I even looking at?  The view your Twitter stunt double had from their lousy seat?
This must have been taken just before the massive crowds showed up...
I see no crowds #TrumpInauguration
Wow, it was even empty in the rich people seats!
thank you for being you and helping us solidify our homeschooling choice. transparency is everything, and girl you got it.
the real parade was your hearing

Watching the end of America, you mean.
There's even empty seats in the VIP section? Ouch.
Who wrote this one, Betsy? Does staff take your photos too?
stand down - unacceptable
you have no business being Sec. Of Education. You destroyed the schools in MI. My taxes aren't for private schools.
thought you might like some more help
The "friends and family" section, eh?
See any grizzly bears out there??!!
please step down. You are clearly unqualified.
awesome seats for a historic occasion!
did they move everyone in front of y'all to make the stands appear full?  Notice the empty bleachers on the left. Roflmfao
So how long until you screw over all the public schools?
do you read the three little bears story to your kids at night? Or is that to scary for them at night?
Where the thousands of ppl y'all claim attended?
OK, you got to play politician.. now withdraw and lets get someone qualified in there.
like Hillary ???
Yup.. totally qualified I stand corrected.
empty seats!
looks empty. Like Trump's Cabinet's souls.
nobody's there lolol
Small turnout. Sad!
#EmptyBleachers
Piss poor.
you give amway a bad name and that is saying a lot!!!
how utterly breathtaking #republidolt
Who cares if you were there you should be getting ready for congress to dill you on your new job
Detroit charter schools are a sham
hey Betsy, when is your comedy tour starting? I watched your confirmation and it was hilarious!

looks empty
I hope there weren't any grizzlies, apparently they're running rampant. #RepealAndReplaceTrump #alternativefacts
Remember when you used exceptionally poor grammar on that one tweet? You're incompetent and unfit to serve any office.
Please please repeal Dear Colleague letter and put in place due process for college accusers and accused. Please please help with this...
Was it nice having the streets to yourself? The next day sure filled up though, didn't it?
yet you don't find the #WomensMarch incredible? You know, being a woman and all?
must be nice that money can buy you such a fancy seat. not too bad ROI! #moneytalks
Plenty of seats available.
Wow, there is NOBODY there! Which is more than Chump deserved.
you should pick up a book.

wow there's about 50 people there #alternativefacts
the empty parade.
PLEASE! If you love your country, just go away! Don't ravage the entire educational system. One state is enough. 
did you see any bears?
Withdraw!
if u really cared about education, you should step away from the confirmation hearings. This isn't the job for you.
We're you armed in case of bear attack?
look at all the empty seats!
More like "#look at all them chickens" 
whats up with all the empty chairs??
That must have been nice to have that much space because at the Women's March I could barely move there were so many people.
crowds look small here too @realDonaldTrump
manifestly unqualified for EducationSecretary.
Even from the presidential viewing stand the crowd looks sparse.
the ppl in stands are waiting on their relatives to finish marching so they can go home

Neither apply in this case.
while the semicolon is just a break in a sentence that is stronger than a comma but not as final as a full stop
Simply put, the colon is used to provide a pause before introducing related information,
but you can only use a colon to join a main clause with a noun. That private school education isn't working that well for you.
Semicolons separate things. ... For example, you can use either a semicolon or a colon to join two main clauses,
Never use a colon after a sentence fragment.
The most important thing to remember about colons is that you only use them after statements that are complete sentences.
Use a semicolon between two independent clauses that are connected by conjunctive adverbs or transitional phrases.
WATCH OUT FOR THE BEARS BETSY
the next days parades were even better, and wayyyy more crowded!
good Lord girl!!!
so what are you gonna do for kids in public education?
this parade??
Worse attended parade EVER! #NOTQUALIFIED
all 3 people that attended?  So you can't write or count?  Do the children of USA a favor and step away.  You are unqualified
It must have been nice for the people who came to not be as squashed as at other inaugurations. Plenty of room to swing a cat.

nobody showed up hahaha
Was anyone else watching it? #haha #dumpytrumpywillsitonhiswall #dumpytrumpwillhaveagreatfall #trump # # #

The Women's March was AMAZING! No one likes Trump.
here's one for u.... conservative my ass!
does the @POTUS aka @realDonaldTrump know that you have posted this pic showing/confirming how few people were at inauguration?
please make collage affordable to all of our children !!
drop out. U r not qualified to tutor my 8 year old, let alone be in a prez cabinet. U r an embarrassment. #kidsrsmarterthanu
Why all the empty seats?
go get yourself an education woman. $$ cannot buy education. Not my Secretary of Education #nobetsydevos
That doesn't look like a lot of ppl.
I would like you to step down from the position you are seeking - you are not qualified. Please do this for our children.
thats a lot of empty seats out there
No way AMWAY!!!
Furthermore, your track record shows you ruined things in Michigan. Put on your track shoes and run
but I truly want to thank you for renewing my enthusiasm for homeschooling. I don't want you near my son :)
tbh they have bigger parades and crowds in the tiny town where I live.
Where's all the people? 
its empty, like that thing between your ears
Get used to the bullet proof glass girl, you're going to need it.
ignorant cunt
