how does "school choice" put parents in charge?
in turn schools deny troubled or children w/disabilities because the cost is not worth it &rating go down
you have to attend an accredited school to get a Pell Grant.
#schoolchoice means schools do the choosing and tax payers pay for unaccountable schools.
it's a national disgrace. Adults in this country use our schools a substitute parents
ok bud. U fell of the stupid tree and hit ever branch on way down
so your answer is to insult thise who disagree with you,  smart
yea well id the shoe fits bud
obviously you have not only participated in your local school district, I would argue you didn't in studies also
oh poor baby did i demoralize u with facts
you have yet to present any facts
ok which facts do u want Buddy wuddy
 so when was the last time you went to a public school in the hood??? Stop lying Betsy
expl explain to us how to measure the area of a circle Jeffery, explain the concept of the electoral college
a public school in the hood.
do their home work. Parents have a responsibility to see that they do
Betsy, while you're elated w/ bogus school choice forums, R U BLIND to t/ Sexual Predation of Girls/Women on college Campuses? YES you are
.@BetsyDeVos If we truly put kids first in MI, 80% of our charters wouldn’t be for-profit.
.@BetsyDeVos If our public schools can't currently afford pencils for their students, how will #SchoolChoice make our public schools better?

Together we should put together an amazing PUBLIC school system.
by scamming them?
You mean Evangelical Christian-Only children.  We haven't forgotten the millions of dollars you donated to "gay-conversion" therapy! B/tch!
You mean every corporation should have access to public school funds.
#SchoolChoice is code for discrimination on basis of economics
Including the rapists! (But not the students they raped - let’s just ignore them- they obviously don’t count, right @BetsyDeVos?)
our #schoolchoice does not include you
but are they going to get it?
How can you wade thru
thousands of pages of legislative garbage from Congress? End Common Core today.
Is this the only tweet you were able to produce ?
I ask u 2 address bullying. What can b done 2  train teachers n prof training 2 b required 2 teach against this. 2 stop this atmosphere!
Yes let's get a leader qualified to lead which is not you.
@Italians4Trump You are going to do GREAT things The this nations children - THANK YOU! 
you need a reality check!
- you're not fit to lead my children. You should be ashamed
That's the whole point of giving YOU the choice, Yvonne. You don't want choice...just crappy education? Gotcha.
how about I have no money to give? I rely on public school to be able to get a job and work.
what does quality education look like?!
https://www.facebook.com/prageru/videos/1495698620472989/ …
You have no business in this job. Born with a golden spoon and never had to go to public school, neither did your kids. QUIT NOW
Let me know when you are really to do so...
If all the schools were decent "choice" wouldn't be an issue.
Amen! Would love to join you in your efforts to bring fundamental change to Education in America.
you're obviously out of touch. She's nothing but trouble. I'd rather let my kids stay home....
define "quality" please, and explain how you will hold ALL schools accountable for equality and student progress.
what do gender pronouns have to do with literally anything?
ok 
for far too long our schools have become a job program, benefiting administrators and tenured underperforming staff. Stop this
you only care about rich kids, btw slow your roll the job isn't yours yet. 
Your a con artist and when people realize how much you plan on harming their children mark my words, they will come for you and there will be no one to turn to
If you truly care, you would not be taking so much from public schools! Hypocrite!!!
LOL
you are one of the worst nightmares our education system has ever seen. BTW please fund more #2 pencils & take 1 for yourself
There would be a standard of quality without religious and charter schools.  As a homeschooled person, I DO NOT recommend it.
.@BetsyDeVos How do you define “quality school”? Wish the HELP committee had asked you this.
If you agree that @BetsyDeVos should be confirmed without further delay, show your support at http://migop.org/stand-with-betsy … #StandWithBetsy

every child except those who are left behind.
how about shoring up ALL schools so ALL kids can get equal opportunities in their neighborhood schools????
how can we stop segregation of children with special I also needs?! Florida schools still doing this even today! Discrimination
#NoChildLeftBehind has left every child behind . Special needs require special needs. That is not discrimination.
I did not say self-contained room.  I said spec needs literally means spec needs & those needs should be met
Better become real familiar with those acronyms. I suggest a Google search to aid your study of IDEA.
Arne Duncan & John King could adhere to the same advice. Duncan decimated IDEA with regs & makes IEPs irrelevant with Common Core!
I've found IEPs to be > relevant w/common core (especially math). Some kiddos need one set method to solve probs.
Multiple methods often confuse kiddos w/ADHD and autism. Had to set guidelines in IEP for altering of tests to allow
for solving problems via traditional algorithms. Just a matter of pushing the advocating for your child in new ways.
they wouldn't need to choose if schools were properly funded in the first place.
You only care about so called White, christian, rich kids.  You live in a bubble. Have you ever gone to the projects?
Obviously! So fund the existing schools. Don't create new schools and leave the others to hang. #publicschoolmademe
agreed. does this include public schools?
yes they do deserve that which is why you should resign immediately.
Maybe you should work on making ALL schools quality so students don't have to be bussed elsewhere.
yes, Betsy, how do you propose to make sure EVERY student has access to a good education? Can't wait to hear actual plans.
Then improve public schools and you can start by ending the decades long destruction of them by the GOP.
you don't even believe in school wtf
what could wrong? You screwed up MI so why not this country
my wife teaches at a CA charter HS
Got the 'choice' scarf, OK health insurance would be better. #whyIMarch
here's an idea… Make the local public school where they live QUALITY!.... unbelievable
Which kids?  Somehow I don't think you mean mine, Madam.  Or anyone else self-made, living on less than 200K/year.
Can you smell your own hypocrisy, or have you gone nose blind? #febreze
"Access to a quality school"? Why not say ALL schools should be highest quality? True leaders inspire. #TryIt
How about we make ALL schools quality schools? Every child- no matter what socioeconomic status deserves a quality education.
you're vile.
Why not start with the option to have great public schools? They made me great - and every kid deserves the same chance.
how are you going to transport kids in poor communities to better schools... are you going to provide buses?
Please be Ed. Sec. for all public school students. School choice can't scale + vouchers don't work.
you really don't have a clue, do you?
the grammar in this tweet kills me
You're right. Every child does deserve access to a quality school. So how do we do that?
please look the reality of The Mckay Scholarship you spoke so highly of, you know not what you speak! It's worthless!
proud to shit on your prof image blown up on mi comp screen
OH MY! AND our children are not restricted now to be brainwashed of garbage in education! Pledge of allegiance is back!!
Stop the hyperbole and overuse of exclamations points. You're with the big dogs now and your posts look childish. Grow up.
Must have stricter reqs to become teacher & pay incentives to hire the best, so best & brightest are teaching our youth.
yes... Put Kids first. Invest in public schools and teachers rather than using deregulation to make your rich friends richer.
.@BetsyDeVos School choice is only possible if every school enforces IDEA law.
@JBaker31826004 We the people congratulate you
tell me why school is slowly killing me and my soul
Yet you can't describe what a quality school is....
yes, with your main goal being getting rid of PUBLIC EDUCATION - vouchers for private and religious schools- marches coming soon
you forgot a word.. you meant , lets put SOME kids first..
what are you going to do for kids from inner cities??? How many teachers are going to lose their jobs bc of you??? I'm watching
Step down.  Do what is best for American children. You have nothing of value to offer public education.
there's nothing wrong with supporting #SchoolChoice ; but not at the expense of funding and resources for our public schools
here's an idea: if you want children to have access to a quality education, start supporting public schools
then they sure as hell better hope you're not in charge. #DeVosWillRapeOurEducationSystem
How about quality public schools? And not just quality to those rich snobs who...
not only quality school but quality education learn the difference and learn growth vs progress
you won't put the kids first. You put $ first
alright Betsy show us what you got! Be better than your male counter parts
You only care about yourself. Grizzlies, what the fuck is wrong with you. This Republican does not approve of you.
I'm a long time educator and believe in quality education. Kids do come first
if we were putting our kids first, you wouldn't be our secretary of education.
"Every" or just the Christian ones?
proud to kill schools? What?
yes I hate high standards eduction too!!  It's crazy to give everyone a good edu., keep it for the rich!!!!
you lie. Kids are not first on your radar. How can you sleep at night?
NOBODY LIKES YOU!!!!!
I'll http://help.Www.quirkpencil.com . Hold a pencil correctly. I need a USA manufacture. #realdonaldtrump
@blueruby8 Congrats! #MAGA
// I support school..
*only rich children in private schools
Including special needs kids? Are private schools to hire special education teachers & teach our kids? Didn't think so.#NoMoney
Yes every kid does deserve quality and you are not even close to being it...... #hubrisfrommoney
Please share your method of measuring if  schools are quality - Or are all voucher schools automatically better than public?
So why were you selected?
Yes,put kids first-bring in someone who knows how education http://works.You  are not qualified. Please step down.
.@BetsyDeVos YES EVERY CHILD DESERVES A QUALITY EDUCATION. EVERY CHLD! Let's continue to make our schools better. You are not the right one!
celebrate on, 1%!  the rest of us will be celebrating every day kids in every day public schools
every child that wrote a check to Donald Trump!  YAY

YOU ARE A FARCE, BLACK MONEY BETTY. IMPEACH BANNON!
I Doubt there are very FEW families that have TRULY IMPACTED THE USA such manner that add significant USA LOYALTY & Eternal Hope
YES! Put children FIRST  and step away! Show our children we value them over $!! Tell those you bought that they can vote "NO"!
So you're going to recuse yourself so our children can have quality education? Thanks! #byefelicia
I agree. Now please honorably step aside and allow someone who is qualified to ensure children ARE put first
the only thing you want to do is put that imaginary magical person jesus first. He isn't real.
Pay Ohio the $5 million you owe it.
together we will not let you into office!
You mean one run for the president fit of billionaires?
Together, let's say conversion therapy works and rape is a choice. Now to have the holy book with the talking snake in schools
shouldn't we focus on making all schools better quality. Not all parents can travel to a better school due to financial strain.
That means special treatment for disabled children and proper respect for ALL religions present in each school.
why can't you say free? You just say quality and dance around the question.  You're a joke
all you talk about is choice. What are you going to do for public schools for those that chose that option? What is your plan?
the charter school system in Michigan is an embarrassment.
if you can write it in a tweet, why couldn't you say it in front of your peers at that hearing? 
Oh, Like America first...but not really the American people.  I am catching on.
let's make sure the people paying taxes have the choice of where their tax dollars goes. Wealthy people don't pay.
In public schools teachers are certified in what they teach. There are job descriptions. Where's your teaching certification?
Why not make all schools quality schools?
@SenateDems @womensmarch La.voucher schools r a bad joke.Religious charters w/no textbooks,no science, no arts& revised history
@SenateDems @WarrenBuffett Public education is hurting bcause of slime preying on selling garbageHurts teachers,communities,kids
Even those with disabilities?!  Answer the questions Betsy! I support Trump, not you!!
Including kids with special needs.  #imbuyingmycabinetposition
what about special needs kids like my son? Oh wait, nah they don't fit the Nazi Regime. Keep America white rich healthy!!
kids 1st but throw adults under the bus. ADULTS NEED TO TAKE CARE OF THEIR KIDS.KIDS GROW UP 2B adults. Ur BS MARKETING SUCKS
Support public education.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Support public education!
What does the word 'quality' mean? Can you rephrase your sentence so that the meaning is intelligible? An EdSecretary should.
you're a hack.
unless you have never attended a day of public school in your life #unqualified #outraged
"Every" child? Are you sure about that, Betty?
you'll ruin public education, you disgust me
This is bullshit and you know it. A voucher program would only defund already poor inner city schools & harm our most vulnerable
Tell me about IDEA again...
you want to destroy my children's school
by sending them to private school! Not everyone is rich like u
Curious if that is only non disabled students?
How is taking money away from schools putting students first?
@thewoman62 Well Kiddo lt look Luke We have two Rats in the Senate Sorry to Say 
Our POTUS has to rescind Obama's EO.  http://www.wbtv.com/story/34396759/guns-drugs-and-assaults-on-staff-rise-again-in-cms-while-crimeviolence-dips-in-nc?utm_content=buffera60f6&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer …
we don't all come to choice equally. What support do you propose for vulnerable families who are not equipped to choose?
Grandson has been thriving in home school (K-2) and now charter school. So grateful to have these choices!
let's have a debate because you don't understand school choice, IDEA, growth vs proficiency. You bought your job.
should I move my kids to a terrible school district and lower my mortgage since it'll all be the same anyways.
shut up
That needs to include the disabled kids you said DON'T deserve special treatment in your interview.
.@BetsyDeVos By "access to a quality school" we know you mean gov't paid religious school. #FillTheSwamp @SenateGOP #MidTermElections
Will you allow everyone to cheat? http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/betsy-devos-copied-statute-senate_us_5890af09e4b02772c4e94770 …?
how can somebody who doesn't even know the difference between growth and proficiency or IDEA be capable to put children 1st???
EVERY child, not just those who have parents who can make it happen. Put kids first by providing A+ education to ALL!
religion out of public schools.   You want to teach superstition instead of science not on My taxpayer dollars. #notonethindime
Save charter! OPA Chino, CA. School ranks high in county and state. Renewal denied due to personal vendetta of Superintendent!
Yes. Even children in public school. Without quality public education our nation will crumble. #EducationIsFundamental
#CHARTERSCHOOLSDISCRIMINATE #PUBLICSCHOOLSACCEPTALL
oh now you believe every child deserves quality? Why was that so hard to say in your confirmation hearing?
every child but those in special education right.  You have no I.D.E.A
you mean your personal interests first. @usedgov this woman is dangerous for the education system. Do not confirm.
but are you?
every kid deserves FREE access to a quality PUBLIC school..can't wait til you visit CPS 1 of the largest districts in the nation

then invest in more teachers, desks, basic supplies, paper, toilet paper, cleaner, soap, markers, building repairs & BOOKS!!!!
by quality you mean religious indoctrination.  Keep your god out of schools!  That's what church is for.
yep you sure do by increasing charter schools so you can get back your 200 mil. Learn what growth is before you testify again
Segregation is job #1, eh?
