just goes to show you definitely can sleep your way to the top
are you speaking from experience???
Probably. Most liberals were handed everything they have. They don't understand work
don't understand real struggle or work
You're logic makes no sense whatsoever. Liberals love gvt handouts.
such a shame
Socialism/big gvt isnt what this country was founded on.
u know nothing
Thank you Secretary DeVos for holding your head high and serving our children's best educational needs.
barf
2..clearly on what your position is & defend it. Objective discourse is key to understanding both sides.
and after you've looked into that, I'll show you what it was before 1/20. It was its own whole website
I'm finishing my degree in education in Dec after being out for 5 yrs and I can tell you that teachers are NOT happy. Scary!
If you're siding with any of DeVos' ideas then I fear for whatever kids you teach and pray you never get the chance
What do you know that I do not know?
I know that I would absolutely never let any child of mine ever learn from someone who shares the same views as a woman who wants to
you have no idea what you're doing, do you?
Didn't stop you
do you now who I am?
Seriously doubt your V. P. but either way you need to look up Acts 4:12 in the Bible.
I wrote the Acts, comrade. I look forward to @realDonaldTrump making Russia great again.
Something has to be great a first time before it can be great again.
without Russia, the Nazis would've win WWII. Learn your history, comrade.
Dear Ms.DeVos

I am the parent of 3 children attending public school in California.
I am very disturbed by the promotion of communism, anti Trump Rhetoric, Anti American and basically the promotion of the Democratic Parties platform using our public schools as a platform.
Your so incompetent that there is no words to describe it. In the worst case scenario, three years more and you are gone. That is ...If Donny is not impeached:))
What's your official channel called, "Empty Smile and Pointless Chatter"?
Their use to be Special Education teachers in Public Schools for the children with IDEA.
what conversation???? You've already declared yourself to be one of Don the Con's most corrupt officials.  You deny justice to young women RAPED on campus, deny funds to Oklahoma teachers who are facing a 4 day school week, and disgusting low wages.  WHAT IS WRONG With YOU?
Why don’t you keep yourself away from our education system you bought your way on to this one.
Why are you lumping Public School Vouchers and IDEA with Private Schools tuitions???
#FireBetsy #TimeToResign
You are a danger to every student in America. Here is a list of Obama accomplishments for everyone. Don't forget what leadership looks like:
Obama accomplishments for you to study: 1.
Named the most diverse cabinet that has ever served in the U.S. not that you care. Let's continue 
No one trusts your ability to do anything good for education.  No one.
When will you take on these corrupt unions that are putting our children at risk everyday?
You don’t seem to have a plan or even concrete ideas for solutions, except taking Federal funds away from school....
https://youtu.be/vCm6Gb9G8SU  ♡ sick of the carnival, knocking at #BetsyDeVos door. Pulled in all directions, know one knows #law for #specialneeds, can't be sure, but they are the only group repeatedly ignored (home/school cycles) that's #WHY I'm sharing shore-to-shore (a metaphor)
I have 20 years experience in higher education and I hold a doctorate in higher education. Let me help you.
prideful?
I have something to offer....
me too. Get rid of public schools
how is getting rid of public schools going to help anything?
government won't be indoctrinating your kids
that's exactly what the schools Devos supports are doing
no they already are. For secular humanism
All the words are spelled correctly. Who wrote this for you?
How would you know?
I love how the super rich love violence. Shows how you and your brother truly are. Violent, in mind and body. Americans don't need your brand of reality.  Please leave our great nation. Go away.
prove the value of charter schools by having them adhere to same accountability as public schools
So zero accountability instead of regularly applying to renew the charter?
So you aren't aware of standardized testing?
What consequences does a district school face for abysmal performance on tests? Charters get closed when they fail to teach.
and the public loses millions while investors get rich.
Most charters are nonprofit but if they can educate well for less than funding, ok by me! And they pay rent.
aye, but the landlords frequently own the charter. Then take public money, then shut down.
Frequenty? Let's see some data.
#SHAME #ShameOnYou


Sorry I said that you were incompetent. I am really sorry;  I meant no disrespect to incompetent people. They had enough, comparing with them is way too much for them to bare...
The second issue is IDEA federal dollars should be applied to children with disabilities of a certain age should go to any colleges and universities.
The absolute worst and least intelligent Secretary of education in U.S. history. And perhaps the dumbest person in Trump's entire cabnit.

I think you need to have a conversation with someone that knows what they’re doing so you can at least pretend that you do...
https://youtu.be/vCm6Gb9G8SU  ♡ sick of the carnival, knocking at #BetsyDeVos door. Pulled in all directions, know one knows #law for #specialneeds, can't be sure, but they are the only group repeatedly ignored (home/school cycles) that's #WHY I'm sharing shore-to-shore (a metaphor)
Did you just rescind rights for autistic children and adults :  what the hell is wrong with you !
Dept. Of Education Fail: Teachers Lose Grants, Forced To Repay Thousands In Loans

will you be as funny as @POTUS?
you forgot spellcheck! 
no reason to be rude!
Betsy DeVos outlines her own “Abstinence” Initiative!
You are horrible
I worked in the public schools for almost twenty years I support you 100% People should be proactive not reactive
Well now we know why our schools suffer. WOW.
Will you be talking about your work with the Action Institute and how you want to abolish compulsory education & minimum wage as well as reduce child labor laws ?

Federal Public School Dollars should go to other Public School because not everyone can afford a private Christian or boarding school tuitions.
Although a Republican, I can tell you that it would be an un-American request to ask our teachers to be sharpshooters as well as inspiring educators.
I'm thrilled that you are leading the agenda. New blood. New ideas. Great future for students, parents, teachers!
unless you have special needs....then you're kinda screwed
Like liberals!
huh?
sorry @Emilyann2708 I said I hope she doesn't take away from special needs!
I hope your brother is convicted as a war criminal. I hope they take every dime of your family’s blood money and put it in a general fund for all the families devastated by your greed. Your only qualification for breathing is the human decency your family lacks.  You are shameful
Betsy you may want to watch PBS News tonight. They are doing a segment on schools in Canada and how well they do. Instead of wasting money with private schools. Please watch.
Oh, by the way...America hates you. 
People only smile @BetsyDeVosED  because of your $$$.
You know that,  don't you,  Betsy?
https://twitter.com/kfhall0852/status/916849107074977792 … @gop
Betsy, the answer is "only a moron would hire you."

https://www.newyorker.com/humor/borowitz-report/devos-defends-trump-would-a-moron-hire-me …
trying to sneak into the #TrumpImpeachmentParty 
https://twitter.com/refurbsexbot/status/830083033894117377/photo/1pic.twitter.com/M4Cvz9c5xe 
No, she was blocked by BLM losers.
Please put forth a plan to DISSOLVE the Dept of Educ w/i a few years to return power to states & local communities
so local districts can further disenfranchise special needs students ~ yay!
NO.. you should resign
My thoughts exactly!
are there grizzlies there?
get rid of the welfare program called public schools
what's 9 + 10?
JC is an ISIS troll.
Parents that can afford private Christian schools and boarding schools, then, that is their privilege. Why are you putting our Federal Dollars for Public Schools into the hands of a private Christian Schools and boarding schools that cannot afford tuitions?
You are dealing with two different issues. First issue is Federal Public School Dollars should only be used for other Public School Dollars for elementary education.
What? What do you mean that it is not the Department of Education job to not address Federal Public School Vouchers going to private Christian schools?
Please resign. You’re a joke to this country.
In case no one told you today: you are worthless, don’t deserve to have your job, are destroying the US educational system, are woefully under-qualified, and are generally a bad person.  We all hate you.  Have a good day now!
I hope you don’t mind...
This Kate McKinnon impersonation of Betsy DeVos is very, very good. 

"I may not be very good on camera, but behind the…
Please dont... just go away!  Embarassing!!!!!

Talking about what? How clueless you truly are? Is that what you are wasting our money on?

Gun-trained teacher accidentally discharges firearm in Calif. classroom, injuring student
Ur nuttard..
Your depravity and corruption has no limits.  Your wealth will not wash off your corruption,  depraved you were born, and you will remain- not to mention your incompetence the world saw after your recent interview.
No amount of fake smiling will make up for your ignorance and negative policies. You are, quite simply, unfit to serve.
Join you?  I think no.
PortaPotty @potus will never fire Betsy DeVos as she has donated $200 million. And he will never fire @NRA due to their $30 million. White House officials alarmed at Betsy DeVos' '60 Minutes' performance
Why do we have people owing 700 thousand dollars on student loans that work at McDonald's ?  Something is wrong in America !!!
You're right, the old way isn't working, time to bring education into the 21st century.  I didn't think 60 minutes gave you a fair shot.
Resign.
What scares me the most about you is that you are only 60 years old? I really did think you were at least 75. Evil does not age well I guess.
Please, watch this important forum about how scientists and teachers want to implement mental health hygiene and emotional wellbeing and training to our youth and train parents and workforce as well.  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155438157607616&id=339188887615 …
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155441188362616&id=339188887615 …
Please just do us all a favor and resign you have no clue as to what you are doing.
If you want to know why you're so hated it's because your agenda to destroy public schools and secular education in general is so obvious. You are an odious person.
Great job Betsy!
Betsy is another dipper head without any understanding of the school system. Yet, T-rump the chump thinks she's doing great. I watched her interview in 60 minutes. it looked to me that the wheel is turning but the hamster in her head is dead.


Why bother!?... Have you seen this, 'cause you really should: https://www.facebook.com/TheOther98/videos/2321591891185109/ …
I try not to swear in forums like this but to you But-z DeVoid: F*** YOU and the wicked witch who conjured you out of her cauldron! You don't give a damn about any kids but your own... maybe?
Did you even go to school?  How embarrassed I felt for you on 60 minutes.  I know it’s hard for you to believe but being rich doesn’t make you smart!
The least experienced person to ever hold the position. What could you possibly have to say that would matter? #CriminalIncompetence @GOP #RichGetRicher

I had not seen a TV interview so cringe-inducing, since Sarah Palin saw Russia from her backyard.

I mean really folks, it’s not like DeVos was being asked to explain the…
Exactly what are we paying you For? You clearly know nothing about the position you were handed and continue to embarrass yourself and the country. Only under Trump can such a misguided, inept, incompetent you be qualified to operate more than a Kool aid stand serving kids.
#Kakistocracy #LookItUp
SECRETARY Dimwit, sir. https://twitter.com/stephenking/status/973211959163224064 …
Stay Strong Betsy!!! They don't want School Vouchers or open enrollment bc the teacher's unions rule all.  There is no thought about what is best for students, only the unions. That's why they are so adamantly against you. We are with you!
Godamn! What f'ing barrel's bottom did you slither out from under, shoe scum?
You need to step down and stop embarrassing yourself
#60Minutes
It's not a conversation when you don't follow back. I was following you.
Keep up the good work madame secretary!
You should be in jail next to your Dotard boss .
the fact that you won't  even consider talking about banning the sale of automatic high powered weapons in the USA is shameful and sickening.  $$$
Why don't you ask that question  to your former PRO-TERRORIST president, HUSEIN obama ?
Your brother is a POS and you are a fraud, you need to resign, You are a part of the russian collusion. Get out you scumbag
But you didn't want to hear from the kids at Parkland Betsy. At best, you're hypocrisy personified

Or you'll just run off in the middle of a press conference. Coward. #ResignDeVos
Five questions later blocks you.
You, madam, are a disgrace to your office and a danger to the future generations of our citizenry.
I you like teachers WHY would you advocate teachers carrying guns.  This administration is insane.  NO GUNS IN SCHOOLS! SHAME ON YOU!!!
Betsy when are you going to drop the Hammer on common core?  The Democratic Liberals have ruined our schools and spent decades dumbing down our children !  How is it that a rich America is so far behind other Nations in education?  Time to clean it up!!
Feds & DeVos have NO control over local choices of content like Common Core. America lags behind because it is NOT built to improve curriculum & instead depends on publishers. Why blame instead of focusing on the issue of HOW to improve with smooth transitions to benefit all?
Lying piece of crap!
Just resign already. No one respects you and you’ve done nothing to educate our children. Except for the rich, white ones. Is it because you’re racist?????
Good riddance!  #Boycott #AMWAY #ALTICOR and XE and Academi -
What? Was that even mentioned on 60 Minutes?
EARLY EDUCATION IN THE WILD WEST ONE ROOM CLASS ROOMS 6 YEARS OLD AND OLDER GUNS GALORE NO STUDENT EVER GOT SHOT NO TEACHERS EITHER THE WORKED FOR ROOM AND BOARD
Whitaker asks if she regrets the decision. “No,” says Lawrence. I wanted to forge my own path. I found what I wanted to do, and I didn’t want anything getting in the way of it. Friends, for many years, were not as important to me as my career, I mean, from the age of 14.”
I struggled through school. I never felt very smart. But her parents listened to Lawrence’s instincts. “I dropped out of middle school. I don’t technically have a GED or a diploma,” she says with a smile. “I am self-educated.”
Jennifer Lawrence: I don't regret dropping out of middle school 
Jennifer Lawrence is a lot of things but she’s not high school graduate Sunday’s episode of 60 Minutes, Lawrence, 27, opens up about her decision to forgo an education for a career in Hollywood.
The way to completely eliminate this high school shooting is eliminate high school. Reserve all colleges for the super smart. Dummies lkie me can go to work. like i did at 16 i'm 89 and had a wonderful life
It was not the gun it was not the kid that shot the students it was the school that drove the kid to do it. Too much school is bad for young people. School Deprives young people for 8 years from being a productive citizen.
In 1780, Marshall studied law by attending a series of Judge George Wythe's lectures at the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia—the only formal legal education that Marshall would receive.
chief justice Marshall was home-schooled by his father. He spent one year at Campbell Academy (founded by Reverend Archibald Campbell) in Westmoreland County, with future U.S. President James Monroe as his classmate.
Abraham Lincoln went to school when he was 10 years old had less than 12 months total education. Studied on his own from Law books he borrowed, to become a Lawyer, had about a year of grade school taken in fragments
I hear that grizzly friendly states are very excited about the opportunity of arming teachers. “We know we can take these bears out and,  we may be able to feed the students something special” way to go Betsy
There are no grizzly bears In Florida
I think you're pure brimstone!!!!
Will there be bears?

1/ On Wednesday I happened to have the TV on and saw the #ParklandShooting on the news from the moment in started. The last three days there's been numerous times where I've seen posts, videos, and interviews and I'm reduced to tears. There were brave kids, brave adults,
Why would I want to engage a vapid twit like you on important topics? You're a joke.
Hello, A concerned parent/educator here. I’d like to know:  Do you support gun control in the form of an assault weapons ban & mandatory registration/licensing? And if so/not, why?
America HATES you! It’s unanimous every time it comes up in any discussion I’ve witnessed.
Women are often told to "Smile" 
Today Talking to #ParklandStudentsSpeak your smile was glaringly inappropriate.
The only thing More Inappropriate was proposing Arming Teachers and having armed guards as a viable solution
Besides being expensive and ineffective 
Who pays?
*sigh* God, why did you curse me? I want(ed) to be born rich!
trump university education
Resign.  You are not worthy of your post and you are damaging our students through your incompetence and your bigotry.
No way.  You think it's pleasant??! Smiling?!??!!!!

...until I step down later this week as the shit really hits the fan. #BetsyDeBUNKED
Speak out against gun violence in school? Or no? Just CPAC

#devosisuseless
Try reading about "Beyond the Core..." a successful way to teach 1st graders how to solve 4th grade math problems. From reading 11-comma long numbers to finding the hypotenuse of a right triangle. Children can surprise you IF you teach instead of confuse them.
Dear Betsy DeVos how about an anonymous impromptu survey to every junior high high school and college asking them the question on the form who is the most likely in your school to pull off a violent attack
Now do you think guns belong in public schools? Parkland is on you as well
Please form a task force specifically to address school shootings. These are our kids and we don’t do anything to protect them! We must do it now! Medal detectors- armed guards and case managers in every school! Call me I’ll be on that task force. I am an RN CCM.
I will celebrate the day you resign!!!! You are Hurting our children!!!!
Please resign. Your budget screws our public system out of a billion to be diverted to private religious schools. How much money does your disgusting greedy Amay pyramid scheming family need? You and your brother need to go to prison. Degenerates.
You know nothing about education.  That is so obvious.  Do our children a favor and resign.
Your hands will have blood on them. You’ve set the bar for increased bullying and violence against trans students. For shame!

Gonna lock us out of there too unless we bow?
Pay to play
Why does education have to be politicized?  What is really being taught to our children that causes these attacks on such a great American?


Mrs. Devos; are there any ways to help public school teachers open up to quality education that isn’t #CommonCoreCrap and educate them on the beneficiaries of getting away from this failing system?
Title IX- It was a Title IX investigator who determined Nassar sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl during a medical appointment in his office at the school, a protection you really want to get rid of. You are shameful.
i am repulsed that the true Christian founding of our country has been systematically removed from our schools.
an accurate portrayal by a most proficient historian , William Federer , sheds the truth of our country and his teachings should be implemented in our schools IMMEDIATELY!

Betsy you are a lapdog to a proven racist. You are alike in that you were born rich. America and Michigan despises you. #devoslegacy
Suggestion: Offer inexpensive online college classes nationwide for under graduate classes with low cost test centers.  1. You will eliminate college debt for these students, 2. You will look like a champion for the poor, 3. You will remove the funds that propel the liberals

As corrupt as the come, I hope you’re investigated.
Please stop this nonsense: DREAM ACT DEADLINE
(American kids have dreams too.)
TO CLARIFY: Undergraduate California resident students may be eligible for a Cal Grant. In addition to filing the FAFSA or California Dream Act Application. 
============
Not fair that DACA kids get more than real Americans.
I hope #POTUS45 shuts California down of all federal funding! Who the hell does the Governor & other politicians of California think they are to openly defy the laws of this country? ESPECIALLY, after the death of Kate Steinle & the system that failed her for an illegal immigrant
Make this a talking point!

Get rid of common core. We need to use common sense. Why make a math problem in 10 steps when you can answer it easier in 2 steps. Makes no sense. Wasting time. What does it teach them?
Process -  our country lags behind every western democracy in math and science and you want short cuts.  Improve the CC - don’t dismiss it.
I was hoping to see you in this photo.  Next time, maybe?
Betsy Devos why did you accept this position? What were your true motives? What are you actually hoping 2 gain? It would be better to be honest, or simply quiet, than 2 lie with a smile. It's insulting 2 watch & listen 2 your repitious lies, acting insulted by our questions.
Talk policies not hate
No

GOP sneaks provision into tax bill to benefit one college favored by Republican billionaires http://bit.ly/2zUYqKF  

You are one strong women.  Keep up your good work, kids are being indoctrinated everyday in school.  I am Canadian, and we need you here!
Please go to Canada.
