You know you are scaring hell when the cockroaches go irrationally  screaming.  Their safe spaces are threatened.
Are you saying that people who oppose Trump should be worried?
Govt should not dictate how you spend your education dollars. Secular UNIONS are scared
So it's secularism that bothers you?
No. Totalitarianism.
That's pretty much what is happening now!
Explain.
Only Totalitarian Bigots fear DeVos and COMPETITION she will bring to break up MONOPOLY of thought in public schools!
Amen! COMPETITION via SCHOOL CHOICE will force crappy public schools to actual work FOR THE PEOPLE!
Glory to God the Satanic Left did not get its way!
#blocked by #Facebook, my child’s #custody taken away by #state because my #islam #critics and #PVV sympathy.

#USA #Netherlands #resist #identity #Trump #Wilders #Freedom

@ShiftStuff_LDN 
@JamesABaade 
@rdsanchezjr 
@TrumpDailyNewss 
@TruthSeeker____ 
@ChaelMontgomery
My child is also your family @BetsyDeVos

My ancestors DeVos emigrated to #America and my aunts name is also Betsy DeVos.

It’s your #european #family being treated like criminals because of factual describing #Islam.
Options are so important for parents of kids who are being bullied or tormented in a particular school.
LikeAmy other religion race color sexual orientation or gender beyon rich white christian male?
A local boy was continually called gay, his mom told the school and they did nothing- he ended up killing himself. Too bad no school choice.
Was he gay? Gay and trans kids will have exactly ZERO protection under the homophobic Devos. Nor other minorities & she'll defund pub schls.
Conservatives value respect for all kids.
That's hardly true conservatives have bullied other religions and LGBTQ+ people forever. Schools in conservative states let it happen .
I shouldn't say gays were bullied by everyone, but there was reason for them to stay in the closet. And it wasn't from fear of conservs
Please do the right thing and resign. Care more about children for once.
Boooooooooooooo @BetsyDeVos @usedgov
Comgrats and don't let the crazy libs get you down! We love you!! 
please. For the good of the country. Just don't do it.
if you defund public education, you will be public enemy number 1 to anyone who isn't white and rich. Awful pick.

@WillieGeist @usedgov Yes. Let's do. Hmmmmmmm.
All children? Or just the rich white christian children?
congrats on buying your new position!!  We always knew it wasn't going to be your qualifications landing you anywhere.
What will you do about all of the grizzly bears rampaging through US classrooms?
you are the most ignorant person ever to hold education post! Happy you were able to afford the position
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence Once again the Republicans do what's best for them and NOT for the children of America!!!
and make sure they all have shotguns to protect from the grizzles !
@SecretsBedard @usedgov School Choice NOW!!!
I would like one Devos supporter to pressent one fact of how she is qualified. Bought it. Just like "trump". Bad people
congratulations on your newly purchased position as Secretary of Education. Was it 200M USD? Hope you get great ROI!
I'm not sure she knows what ROI means 
I'm not sure she knows what "education" means!
Whacha gonna do w/ those disabled kids. U said that they don't deserve the same quality ed as others. Damned ADA!!!
КАКОЙ МУДАК!!!
Your confirmed nomination is an American horror story. Children will suffer the consequences of your ineptness.
You should be ashamed of yourself. You know you're unqualified and the majority didn't want you!
Postive changes for both K-12 and Post-Secondary Education.  Ignore the haters.
and they appreciate the bribes.
do us a favor and STEP DOWN! Just ask the people in your hometown - you're NOT qualified. Do it for EDUCATION!
Worst!!!
you are a joke
Your election is a shame on the education system
Says the woman who doesn't understand why the ADA has schooling requirements.  Screw your platitudes.
Congratulations Betsy DeVos on your confirmation! You beat the Liberals, GOP union$ recipients & MSM. ALL LOSERS! #ThankYouPence
Assuming your family doesn't have any kids with special needs. This should not have been a partisan vote. deserves better.
You're the worst possible person for the job.I feel we must hit rock bottom like an alcoholic before we can get better
We will not allow you to remove science from our schools and replace it with religious myth.
You are a lady & have a mother's love by how you help those who can't help themselves conservative change and Christ's
You are not a Christian! You're a evil money exchanger!  In today world you are know as a Christian terrorist!
time to come to public schools to see how we operate
I hope that you really mean that. You'll have a lot of people paying attention to your actions. My children matter!
We will scrutinize EVERY move you make. We will be louder than ever as you try to ruin our public schools.
ignore the Haters!
Yuck!
It's not an honor. You got in because of your $ and because Republicans serve only themselves.

Best Senate that money can buy, right?
Will you disarm @usedgov & stop them from raiding Americans' homes? @BetsyDeVos
#MAGA with high quality early care and education #ECE and after school tutoring works #InnovationAtEveryLevel
And appointment bought and paid for at the expense of American children.
Absolutely horrified by your appointment.
it's about winning for you? At the expense of our kids? Ur a class act 
do you honestly believe you're qualified to have this job? Do you think you'll improve the edu system for ALL students?
@POTUS @scottwalkerwtch UR experience = answer phones where hubby's money multiplies.  Size matters U can't do this!
Why is a Charter school In Detroit,Mi so different from a Charter School in Vancouver, Washington. We need to figure out why and fix it.
For ALL students? So DISABLED students are NOT ALL students? NO PROTECTION FOR THEM? You are a wicked witch! You are a HORRIBLE subhuman
#Disgraceful
You’re dummer than a box of rocks. The big greenback$$ are only thing that keep you here.
I you really want to improve options for students in school: No guns in schools, no AR-15's in our country, strong background checks, training and licensing for guns that must be renewed every 2 years.
Liar
Are you honoured to be the worst at your job in the history of the country?
Your interview with 60 Minutes reminded me of the Sarah Palin/Katie Couric interview, inept!
Still waiting for that improvement, Betsy.  Try visiting poor schools or failing schools.  Might give you some perspective.   Ironically, try EDUCATING yourself.  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #EpicFail
fuck you and your money.
now Jeremy, didn't you learn the golden rule in school? Now say you're sorry and go out and play.
bite me you condescending douchebag
I want inner city kids to have a choice, don't u?
let's ask Detroit how that worked out for them?
she doesn't want inner cities kids to have a choice by picking someone who's unfit for public education.
Well, that's where you're wrong. I you have kids, they're getting a raw deal. 29 out of 30 in the wrld.
congratulations on your deserved confirmation as @usedgov Secretary
Deserved how exactly?
I leave U w/ what thus said The Lord and I say to you i will be praying w/ & for @BetsyDeVos , @usedgov & the kids across this great country
And of course you mean white rich Christian straight cisgendered and privileged kids...
my daughter who has a deaf 3 year old told me you  said that special needs kids do not deserve any more help . True ?
big Trump supporter, but I hope you can explain what you meant !
how can you serve when you know nothing and lack ALL basic knowledge on how the ed system works? pray tell.
Please don't fuck up our future with your stupid Christian rhetoric.
While you're at it, the pathetic joke that is creationism does NOT belong in science labs.
if evolution is taught than creation should be also.
Creationism is NOT a scientific theory. It's goat-herders' guesswork.
I thought you said science was fact? What's theory

How did space, time, and matter all come together at once? Where's your science
Clinging on with your fingertips.
@IzzyOrtega @usedgov Go bring freedom back into education.
Freedom of what? To teach whatever you want? Fuck that. Teach truths and facts. Period.
Wow. You clearly don't like liberty. You decide the "facts" and impose your will on others. Tyrant.
I do not decide facts. The scientific method, mathematical logic and historical records do.
Creationisms does not fall under any of these categories. And don't say the bible is a historical record
all discussion of origin is rooted in both science and philosophy. All of them. Why disallow any theory?
There is NO credible scientific research that has provided evidence for a creationist theory.
that's actually false.
WHO wrote this? Not by you?
You are evil incarnate.
How? You have no idea. You are (as unbelievable as it is) more unqualified for your job than Orange POTUS.
finally hate and segregation touched our children.U been assigned by the devil and ur hate will not conquer
can't wait to learn how to protect myself from grizzly bears!!
Stop the Islam classes being taught . Fix the History books that have removed our heritage.  Fix the book scandal !
This is a Christian Nation, not Hindu or Chinese or Arab, .. Christians are persecuted & no Jews in Arab countries
OUTCOMES WILL IMPROVE IF YOU IMPLEMENT SCHOOL VOUCHERS SO POOR KIDS CAN GO TO CATHOLIC, CHRISTIAN SCHOOLS, ESCAPE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
Don't back down. Public education needs common sense approach #teachersforDevos
would love to chat w you for an article about teachers for trump. Could you email rebecca.klein@huffingtonpost.com?
sure thing
Please totally remove Common Core & any semblance out of schools THEN start demolishing Dept of Education.
Please get rid of the muslin stuff in schools and teach history the way we learned it.
you are NOT qualified, you bought your way in and you should be ASHAMED! I'm terrified for the future educational system.
The problem with education is simple:  Union dues for bad teachers are the same as for good teachers!!  (mic drop)
200 mil would have come a long way in the failing Michigan school system. Go back to Michigan!
SCHOOL CHOICE, Charter Schools, and Fix the broken public school system.
We're rooting for you
Not qualified.
good to know "pay for play" for billionaires is alive and thriving. Try not to screw things up to #bigly
u should as u aren't qualified except to open checkbook.
you must improve your knowledge of the education system first
u NEED to do right by those in school system. Bc u honestly were not impressive. You don't seem strong
Even the non-white, gay, transgender, disabled, poor Americans?  Prove it!
You are a horrible pick and remember you will be opposed by all of us. Get ready for a fight. You can't buy us! #resist
Resign.
@POTUS @scottwalkerwtch U went to whitey-baby schools have no degree my cats couldn't earn (1 is mentally deficient)
Twitter won't let me follow you!Take in all info to improve education.Throw out Bell curve.Internet type schools.
You want to improve things?  Start by making a public statement on how unqualified you are. #DumpDevos
Once again #Trump draining the swamp and filling it with highly unqualified billionaires.
Just don't screw it up. You are very unqualified for this position. Your wealth got you there. You are undeserving.
@Voix_Of_Reason @usedgov Congratulations I know you will have fresh ideas and help to a failed system Thank God
HUGE MISTAKE! Slap in the face to all public school teachers.
are you even friends with a teacher? Did you take a single education class? Work a teachers schedule? Give millions oh
@POTUS @scottwalkerwtch U think U R a smarty pants buying UR appointment. U can't be - never went 2 a real school
Congratulations we are thrilled to have you!
sis, you're unqualified for this job I just wanted to make sure that you understand this.
How does it feel to be widely recognized as the shittiest person ever to hold your job?  Before you've even started.
u bought ur job, now keep those grizzly bears out of our schools!
thankfully my kids are done with school hopefully when my grandkids are in school you will be a horrible memory.
I presume you're aware that Common Core was used by communist China to instill collective thinking! So is NEA in US!
by removing resources for the disabled kids?
drain the swamp
BETSY, PLEASE CONSIDER REINSTITUTION OF PHONICS, DO AWAY WITH COMMON CORE AND PUT HISTORY BOOKS BACK IN CLASS.
Dems wants to control everything. First it's energy then the lies of global warming, education now bathrooms.Just sick
Best government money can buy.

Good job uniting the country in its hatred and disgust for you. The silver spoon you grew up with has paid off, eh? Unqualified.
Ma'am you are an enemy of public schools and failure with charter schools. I hope you continue being ineffecive.
Shame on you.....you don't deserve the job. I wouldn't hire you for janitorial services or maybe AMWAY...products.
betsy u better not put restrictions/limit public schools. Millions of americas youth rely on it.
You bought the job $200million in donations to the GOP,zero experience with public schools, teaching or administration.
So worried for US students Betsy. Please keep your hands off the syllabus and just administer
You are the worst choice for Education your family bought your position and now the people will suffer!
will you call for equal accountability for charters (esp for-profits)? Enforce IDEA?
I only hope you are tough, the teachers unions waiting with baseball bats, that's the communist way to "succeed".
Why do you think you are the best choice for this position @BetsyDeVos? Did it bother you knowing you caused such division? #notenoughiguess
Now show the Left how wrong there were about what you can do. 
im' a produckt of the betsie devos's edukation' systum
Cool 
everyone knows you paid the GOP off
Please study IDEA.I have cliff notes if you need them. You want to see an uproar in education?I will fight for students/teachers
Thank you
Congratulation! Took them long enough. I would like to wish you lots of luck n good health n much success #MAGA
Hey Betsy, whole language vs phonics, what are your thoughts?
That would require *you* actually knowing what you're doing. Which you don't. Our VP & your are why you're in office.
Now do us all a favor and resign.  You have ZILCH experience. Nice you can buy a Cabinet seat for 8.5 million.  UGH.
@realDonaldTrump if she is gonna be so great let #TrumpleThinSkin put his kid in Public school under your watch!
options ha, , hopefully you can educate the people that put you in this office,  obviously low IQ
take the word "all" out of your comment for the trurh.
Diligence. Does that mean voting the way you were paid to vote? I'm unfamiliar with that definition.
are you going to RESSURECT trump U?
I'm honored**** not am
I homeschool my kids priv. N pub. Y do I pay school taxes when they homeschool... I encure extra costs ontop of taxes
What does it feel like knowing so many HATE you? 
Perhaps new, shorter handle: @SCOE or @SCOEUS avail. "Appreciate @SenateGOP diligence; honored..."; sure to read tweet.
Don't you dare do to America what you did to Detroit. All deeply concerned parents are watching your every move.
Options? You mean like having a webpage for children with disabilities? #Scrotus #secretaryofeducation
let's abolish the dept. Of education
by all you mean students with rich parents- the kids of your friends and colleagues correct?
would love to see vocational classes in High Schools again, auto shop, etc @CROWENATION2016 @usedgov
You do not deserve to serve in this position! You lack ANY experience in this area. This is a bad day for our country!!
GOOD FOR YOU, Miss DeVos. Make those damn liberals squirm. Liberals are USELESS
@irishamrep1 @usedgov You certainly have my support. Education has been hijacked by unions and tenure. It's time for change
A chance at an education, just like anyone else in this country. If you don't, then you're just as bad as @POTUS
And aren't the same one who believes disabled kids don't deserve an education, well I have some news for you
DILIGENCE TO GET YOUR APPOINTMENT OVERTURNED
Let's improve our public schools by fully funding those in high poverty areas. We know "choice" is conserve speak.
You are the WORST thing to ever happen to education in America. Couldn't you have bought another job?!?!
Best way to do that is for you to resign and let a qualified person lead
Can you please keep the religious people / pedophiles away from our children please.... Religion = Disease

enjoy the drop in graduation and student attendance. #noonelikesyou
If you truly mean that then resign.
Congrats on your appointment Sec. Devos.  I am a teacher and if I can ever be of service just shout. Best of luck.
perhaps your first task is to teach Donald reading comprehension. Ok baby steps. Reading first. No homeschooling though
first thing?  Fix student loans!  Please grant me a meeting for simple fixes!  http://Studentloanreforms.com 
#disaster
Why won't you visit a public school?  Why are you afraid of us?
Do you know the difference between options and outcomes?
All your money finally gave u a position that apparently gives u some status, but everyone knows how close the call was
congratulations on your missions to make education great again!
students need clean healthy learning environment with well educated & paid teachers #onlyoption
If you want to "improve options & outcomes for all US students" then resign. That's the ONLY way you can help.
