I hope you are confirmed as Secretary of Education tomorrow!
I would indeed do that over public schools any day!
@BetsyDeVos Unfortunately not everyone's schools are like yours. She's not opposed to successful public education either.
She is in fact specifically opposed to successful public schools. Look at speeches, donations.
If you like your public school you can keep your public school.
Her goal is to strip funding of public schools and divert to for profit schools. Your claim is wrong.
you are a religious zealot using "choice" as a guise to divert tax dollars to private & religious schools w/o accountability
@MaryBal57650553 Choice 4 women's right 2 choose how about choice 4 parents right 2 chose child's education?
also against tax dollars going to religious schools
clearly legitimate issue but at end of day isn't it parental choice what's best 4 their kid?
Yes. But good public schools should always be an option.
Public schools shall always be the option but if u have bad ones u want options
Does Mrs. DeVos know anything about public schools? #privateschool
DeVos knows not all public schools r good hence vouchers of choice
I choose to give my time and money to my local public school so that my daughter grows up with a diverse, educated community.
I can absolutely afford private school for her. But then I'd be turning by back on my community and my country.
So I work to strengthen public school so that we all benefit b/c public school protects the disabled and LGBT and non-Xian kids
Public schools, including free public charters are patriotic. Private school is selfish and insulating.
You have chosen private your whole life, for yourself and your kids. It doesn't serve the country to give money to private.
So how dare you call yourself patriotic and declare yourself qualified to be head of Education in this country.
Serving the public school starts with sending your own child there and working to fix everything that isn't working there.
If the school isn't good enough for my child, I fix the school! It's called equality. It's called working for the public good.
@willowgreen1 Seriously, Betsy. You could study the laws on how to educate disabled students. You had ample time, no excuses.
What impact, if any, do you think DeVos will have on public school special education programs? Tweet @AJStream for our show
Concerns that schools will not receive adequate funding under IDEA part B.
Can you elaborate on what IDEA part B is for our international audience?
IDEA stands for Individuals Disabilities Education Act.  Fed. Law that guarantees Free App. Public Education.
I will join you in support when you resign. I will support that.
Yes, let's celebrate your upcoming gutting of the educational system!!! #allchildrenleftbehind
I hope you see all the trolls as a badge of honor. You know you're doing something right when the liberals get this unhinged.
more about pissing off liberals than ensuring quality public education for every child?
Nice try. You're not about school choice. You're about financial reward and segregation. That is not education.
Think DeVos is using the "school choice" movement to mask a financial interest and intention for resegregation? Tweet @AJStream
100% yes. Our students with disabilities and minorities will suffer the most. Shameful.
if you fully fund public schools, put educators and parents in charge of education then there will be no need for #SchoolChoice
What impact have alternatives to publicly provided schools had on students and families? Tweet @AJStream for our show
will do
As if public schools don’t provide choice. Bull. Do your research so that you will no longer be unqualified for Ed Secretary. You have to steer parents to spend their money responsibly. That’s not gonna happen with private schools or vouchers.

Your idea is choice? CHOOSE what they can AFFORD. Poor get poor education & stay poor. Dems care. Reps only care about wealthy.

NO
Pushing your agenda on the backs of the least of these...hope you can sleep well
Bite me.
Mrs DeVos these christian schools you push.What do they teach ?
Exactly. What do they teach?
you seem to believe there are enough private schools to cover all students in the Country.
you are the last person on Earth that should have this job. You bought it. You are unqualified. Take your money and go home.
resign now. You'll never be respected by this admin and they've proven that already.
!!!!!!!! U
thanks
Ma'am, I hope you get on the cases nationwide of #Islam being taught--against SCOTUS ruling--in our schools. It'll take a while,but go 4 it!
#SchoolChoice is code for discrimination on basis of economics
text books in public schools, come to the hood one day and eat children's food and read their text books.
These are students who need the options most. Why should only the rich have choices?
you don't give a damn about poor kids
u do not know me. Nothing could be further from the truth. Giving poor children more options is genuine caring.
except those are not real options
It’s a choice not to die at school. The smirk on your face during the “listening meeting”
I choose to support public education.  I hope to see you supporting the schools .
Why is there no school choice here in Tennesse ? School has already started with no choice as usual.:(
if you don't want tax dollars to go toward abortion why should I be ok w/ my tax $ going to religious schools?
Equating abortion of a child with educating one? Rel. people also pay school taxes and without choice- they pay twice.
tax dollars to go to religious schools is = argument on tax dollars for abortion. That was my only point
Understood, but taking a life and helping a life seem really different objectives. Why would anyone not want the later?
we all have different views on life and death. What makes yours superior to mine? And who has the right to oppress others?
No one said superior, but when u choose death that is oppression. I will continue to value LIFE  over a culture of death.
You Support Public Schools, or she does?
I do she doesn't
What's wrong with School Choice? I'm a supporter of school choice! Best for the Student!
Okay First of all, statistics prove School Choice is better for students education wise. Especially Ghetto
so you think the kids in the ghetto are going to enroll in a better school and get in. Improve the school
@Italians4Trump @classypants808
And it's all her fault that the dems have allowed this in their controlled cities to start with?
you will NEVER get confirmed
Your idea of school choice is choosing Christian fundamentalist schools over public or non-denominational private schools 1/2
Private school's ok when they meet same standards as public school while observing "no establishment of religion" as defined by constitution

- how about National Police force choice, National Public Libray Choice, as taxpayer good for one good for all - get ready
Here we go! Trying to fix education like a privileged white woman who knows nothing about other ppl's real life problems.
why is there a were for this?
@JoshuaA06476254 congratulations Betsy on your nomination!
Congrats Betsy on your nomination. #MAGA
oh gee, you're in touch with social media holidays. Now I trust you with public schools. find pencils yet? STEP DOWN! @CNN
Exclamation points are overrated. Handy, small, guide (writers' basic bible of lang usage): The Elements of Style. Read it.
how bout just celebrating how much $$$ you and your cronies will make, privatizing schools like prisons. We won't be dumbed down
just remember that it's NOT about what YOU want... Let it be about what is BEST for America's #publicschool students.
elle va mener l'intelligence des États unis à son plus bas! C'est une regression et non une évolution!
comment une pleutre pareil, avec une intelligence qui ne va pas plus haut que sa bible, peut être ministre de l'éducation!!
I just hope for your personal safety and that law enforcement aggressively arrest those who threaten you.
many millions more don't have a choice. Most of us are in rural "Trump country". Don't funnel education funds away from us!
I'll join you when you say something kind about public school teachers, k?
is it true you landed this job only because you were a big donor to Donald Trump? No qualifications, like him?
I kind of hope you get eaten by a bear
Unfortunately, poor people Don't have a choice, only rich people, like you.
Nice try, Betsy. Many kids don't have a "choice". You're a rich, out of touch dilettante. Please resign!
you have no idea what you are doing.   So work very hard every day just like the millions of dedicated teachers do.  Learn fast!
I choose public education, but I hear you're taken that away
Still unqualified...even the secretaries at Dept of Ed are MORE QUALIFIED!  No offense to secretaries....
.@BetsyDeVos shame! #SchoolChoice is just a cover for defunding schools. I loved my public schools
keep Christianity out of schools ! Not everyone is Christian
choose what u want.  But don't u dare take tax $ away from public schools to fund charter/private schools.
choice doesn't work for all kids,taking taxes from public schools to give to private isn't smart if you truly care for kids
Oh puleeze, Betsy. What options do inner city kids have? No schools nearby. No buses. U r on a mission to destroy pub ed. Shame!
sure, the rich kids like yours get a choice, the poor kids get screwed.
school choice is critical but using state money to fund private school choice without the exact same accountability is abhorrent
keep MY TAX MONEY out of RELIGIOUS schools!
Why not organise a no shooting year?
my kid's choice is to go to a public school that will continue to work. Now? Who knows. She may not have a choice.
Please explain.
why don't you just fix the public school that we already have?!? There would not need to be a choice if we supported all.
every day, i will exercise my brain - imagining u in diff forms of pain
You further decimated Detroit schools. You have no shame.
no
every day millions of students come to school hungry, tired, abused.  What about them and their choice to come to MY classroom.
School choice doesn't help if brightest adults are not teachers! Must get brightest with strict reqs & pay to become teachers!
There is no such thing. Please dont make up alternative national holidays.
and look at all the corruption and wasted tax dollars that choice leads to. Bunch of rich guys scamming money off schools.
embarrassment to Michigan and now the United States
.@BetsyDeVos Except students with disabilities, who are not accepted by private schools.
Thank You... from Michigan.
celebrate the hard work of our dedicated teachers. Not all perfect, yet neither is the newest cabinet member, but she thinks so
and what about the schools that aren't considered "quality"? What happens to them? 
no. you are unqualified. period!
No teacher that I know joins you.  You are an utter embarrassment.  Volunteer at some inner city schools as then talk to us.
so funny that you're pro THIS choice, girl.
join me in mourning public education
Make ur first anncmt that we must first educate adults 2B respectful & not bully others. Children mirror adult behavior.
Guess these lucky students won't learn about " Conflicts of Interest"? As in lining your family's pockets w $$$$$$$$
you want funding without accountability. You can't and won't answer to this, because it's truth.
Jesus hates your guts and so does more than 50% of your country
you have 0 experience or knowledge of ur new position. U have the same qualifications as trump does running the country- none
please help homeschoolers with special needs services are horrible and we can't get service in Onslow County North Carolina
....And the horse you rode in on.  That's ending a sentence with a preposition. But still......
is going to be instrumental in the downfall of our country. If you can't get that through your thick skull, WE DONT LIKE YOU
'Choice' works great in a free market.  Please critically think if the education market is a good example of a free market.
oh wow... Did you write this one all by yourself?!
what about the students who only have one choice? Shouldn't we focus on making ALL SCHOOLS better???  #PublicSchools #Government
Charter schooling DOES NOT WORK, or haven't you read any empirical studies. You haven't, I don't know why I ask!
no
You're proof that the right to choose anything truly educational has been outlawed by President Bannon and his Orange puppet.
can we choose a school you're not involved with? I guess not now.
You are walking proof that our government is for sale. Your confirmation is a travesty, and you know it.
@JuanitaBerguson Congratulations! I look forward to the next 10 yrs. Sure will be a huge difference when schools compete.
Every day you steal tax $ to give to churches. That is all you do. DeVos: rich greedy fake Christian, never fit through needle.
@JuanitaBerguson Congratulations Madam Secretary!
@JuanitaBerguson please do away with standardized testing. It's harming our kids irreparably
You're the worst
Do they learn about being Pro Choice? I hope so.
no thanks betsy
Are you referring to profit week???
You make me nauseous. You ran your game in MI while I was raising my kids, your goal is  & jesus in school, make science a myth
// millions..
Why don't you teach for a little bit and then we can talk "school choice" - PUBLIC SCHOOL CHOICE!
I doubt you are Smarter than a 5th Grader.
Show me how voucher schools measure up to public schools. Where are the ever lovin' precious scores to back your love of them?
the majority of kids don't really get a choice.
you are the most ignorant person I have ever watched during you hearing! Embarrassing!!!
Selling out education to the greedy fingers of private businessmen is not the answer. You will create a generation of veggies.
No teacher in American supports you.  The people will protest your confirmation. #saynotoDeVos!
NO.  You are not representing poor, rural America! $ is not=to education.  Just say NO
It would be your DUTY to improve public education. Can you do that?!?! Do you even care??? #NoonDeVos
Your choice includes NO accountability.
Homeschool Mom and teacher for 40 years (not public).How can I help in NH?
You are a phony!
Betsy I want to know if you're for Common Core?
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT YOU STAND FOR? NO COMMON CORE!!!
whatever, you don't care. You wanted pay to play, and you didn't care where you played. Problem is, your game hurts our kids.
My Property Taxes are NOT for you to play with. Keep Public Schools without your Religion. #holdthefloor

Every day millions of Michigan kids attend crappy charter schools because of you. Do us a favor and withdraw.#StopDeVos
Yes. Rich people have that option. The poor and middle class DO NOT. You have no business in the office of Sec. of Education.
Further, transportation to non-public schools may be a major issue in rural areas (most of the country). Fix public schools 1st!
How could you have the audacity to believe you could be a good Secretary of Education?
What happened to separation of church and state? Don't choose pay2play @BetsyDeVos @GOP #holdthefloor #TheResistance #DeVosvote #noDevos
how is no choice a choice ?
Anyone with no understanding of IDEA has no business asking for this appointment. Shame on you.
School Choice is a white-washed version of bussing. It does not accomplish what you think it should.
School choice isn't a choice for all. Speak truthfully. Answer questions asked of you. Your actions @ hearings speak volumes.
Make the right school choice. Remove yourself as Education nominee.
Seriously… We don’t want YOU. That’s our choice. Your CHOICES would disenfranchise the majority of students.
What about student living with disabilities? Your statements indicate the burden of proof will be on the most vulnerable.
I bought my home in a neighborhood with top notch public schools. No vouchers/No school of choice #NoonDeVos #DeVosBlackOut
What EXACTLY do you mean by school's choice? Choices in mascot & glitter colors? Choice in fair funding or just your choices 
Only as long as you're paying for it.
Every day, millions of students are too poor to exercise some form of #SchoolChoice!
Amen. We need school choice to hold our public ed 2 acct via competition. Parents r smarter than DC.& teacher union bosses @ ed
For the rich every day is school choice day. Public secular education is foundation of democracy!
You don't have the slightest clue what life is like for regular people, do you?
watching you being put in charge of education , gives me great fear for my children...#youranembrassment
No way Betsy. You are NOT qualified to speak for students about school. Go away.

when you're rich everything is a choice. #NoonDeVos
Have you even been in a school that wasn't funded by the wealthy? Outside ur state? Talked to kids? Teachers?!
please leave our children alone. You know you are not qualified. If you actually care about education, you will withdraw.
how many ? You must mean the minority of children excercise their choice ....
you, K12 Inc and Pearson celebrating prospect of skyrocketing profits?
No they don't.
#choice to shoot #grizzlies is not a good #choice #VoteNoDevos @GOP the people have spoken #listen
You can invest your $ where you want- I take issue when you bet against US Pub Ed for personal gain. Unqualified, & @odds w US!
There are a 100 amazing school choices in every podunk town with a closed down factory and opioid problem. Duh.  Oh no wait...
Constitutional rights over child education belongs to Family! 14 amendment
Hahaha...  you're hilarious. I had no choice in the matter,  and especially not when I was shipped off to an evangelical school.
This just shows u r out of touch. Students shouldn't be deciding what school, it is their parents. We r not rich! #Resistance
School Choice = You funnelling $$ from taxpayers to further your religious agenda.
how about actually working on improving our public schools? What's wrong with that idea?
.@BetsyDeVos I'm celebrating #SchoolChoice by urging my senators to choose someone who is QUALIFIED for Secretary of Education, i.e. not you
crazy when you have money you have choices...#DumpDevos
NO NO NO
YOUR JOB IS TO FIX PUBLIC - PUBLIC - PUBLIC SCHOOLS! THAT'S WHAT TAX MONEY IS FOR!
how does it feel when millions of publicly educated people know ur incompetent? Trick question, depending on your intelligence.
only those who can afford it get a "choice"
@SenCapito Please tell your constituents how "school choice" would work in #WV.
Yeah, great: rich kids choose all the good schools, leaving poor kids the leavings. But a bunch of businesses get richer. Cool.
.@BetsyDeVos have you learned what IDEA is yet? You plagiarized answers to the committee. You never taught. You're not qualified. #NoDeVos
What happens to children who underperform at their school(s) of choice? COUNSELED OUT? SENT BACK? SAD! @SenSchumer @SenWarren
My Senators are voting against you bec U have zero knowledge of public schools & how successful they can & need to be.
#influencepeddler illegal practice of using one's influence in government to obtain favours or preferential treatment #jailher
Go home. My retired schoolteacher mother hates you and everything you stand for!
