Ralph is still more qualified than you. He went to a public school.
at the pencil store
Your lack of experience, competence, perspective, and education is incredibly frightening, as are your views on IDEA.
POTUS DJT AND TEAM  Making the Energizer Bunny look like A SLACKER.
At home. Go there. Stay there.
figured out growth vs proficiency yet?
just do you know, the opposition you experienced during the confirmation process is only the beginning #ResistTrump
You are an embarrassment.
@caitlinzemma - nothing gets me laughing more than jeopardizing education for millions of American children
just forget about them and retire. Safer from the grizzlies. #NotQualified #Resist
I shudder to think what my child's education will look like after you've ruined it like you ruined Michigan's schools.
It's called a desk drawer, Bets. Must be tough to find a pencil when you've only ever held a silver spoon.
congratulations Madam Secretary!!!
I have every confidence that you will do a fantastic job. Our schools are in trouble.
SAD
I bought all of the school supplies for 50+ 4th graders! Now our district is out of paper so I'm buying that too!
.@BetsyDeVos Will you provide the children of NYC with emergency Webex access tomorrow?
That's not my job. ~#BetsyDeVos
wow, you just admitted to being ill equipped for this job. Ask an actual teacher, they bring all that with them. #EducationWoes
maybe take a little field trip to walmart
go buy them like teachers do. They don't just magically appear because you want them .

Thats strange, you'd think $200,000,000.00 in political "contributions" would have bought you at least a pencil. You are hollow
talk about coming to class unprepared....

be careful, there might be Grizzlies lurking...
teachers usually have to buy them for their classroom. Guess you didn't know that? Shocker.
not in the thousands of public schools that can barely afford supplies. Looking forward to you cleaning that lil issue up.
she will privatize them and only wealthy families will be able to provide their children an education..
not if we make her life hell and she resigns. Know what wealthy people aren't used to? Hard work.
this tweet is garbage.
do you feel good taking time out of your day to do that
voicing my opinion on an open platform because you said something ignorant? Yes I do.
Congrats Betsy! You beat the teachers union!
if you beat unions you also beat the middle and working class! If you beat unions you help the rich!
Wait a minute! @BetsyDeVos
quick, give the grizzly a gun!
go get #DonaldTrump 's fucking pen. Surely you can't do much worse than he's doing with it
You can try and "get started" but we'll make sure your extremist agenda fails.
.@BetsyDeVos thanks for killing IDEA. That was a great first day, Betsy.
Buy them yourself. Like all teachers do.  #EducateDeVos
I'm so excited to hear you are pro-school choice and a Christian!  God bless your efforts to clean up the Ed. Dept!
Yes, wealthy Christian kids will prevail! ~#BetsyDeVos
Not at all. .. you're going to  have choices now, vouchers to attend good schools.
You DO know that taking $/students from pub schools introduces a death spiral, right? Funding tied to>
student # s, but fixed costs don't go away, so cuts follow, leading to more "choice" and so on, >
until pub schools shutter? Detroit was a test run for the nation. Students lose, communities lose>
no, I don't buy what you're selling regards that.  Public school are, and have been, failing for years.
A joke? Plenty of teachers that lack proper resources are asking the same questions. What are you going to do about it? @BetsyDeVos
Just think what 200 million could have done going to schools instead of the republican party.
God bless you & your family. May God protect you and make you wise in your new position.
May the Holy Ghost bless the bread you break, June. ~#BetsyDeVos
You're an asset to America! So happy to see your enthusiasm articulated in such a well educated manner. Thank you!
probably next to your bible and cross. Let's make America dumb and religious again right?
Betsy ignore these vile, miserable and angry liberals. Best of luck in your new position.
Look up vile and now realize that is you
oh good one. Great comeback. Lol
please put our children before the Unions!
Rich kids first and then everyone else can feed on the scraps! ~#BetsyDeVos
sure...because the system has been so successful for our inner city children.
Explain to me how funding works for inner city children in comparison with funding for middle class students?
If you're inner city, you get a life jacket in the middle of an ocean. Middle class gets a motorboat. ~#BetsyDeVos
how is that working in Detroit? I read that public schools still do better
Detroit is where artists are going so they can live in abandoned buildings and feel "cool." ~#BetsyDeVos
find them at the store.  As a teacher, we must buy our own.
that's a problem isn't it. Perhaps she will change that. More $ for schools, less for union bosses
unions aren't the issue. Nice try.
no not at all. They make half a million a year but that's not a problem. Sure.
Clearly you don't get out much then. Still living in your moms basement?
Can't wait to hear you're plans.  We need change/common sense.  Reading writing science math. Not social issues and gender ID
Maybe she can teach her supporters the correct use of the word "your" vs "you're"...
Lmfao.  A tweeter protectionist.  Glad you check all the auto corrects.  Must be nice to be so bored.
Check auto corrects? No, I read. You should try it some time.
someone is bitter inside. Dance it out.
Bitter? Nah, I'm thrilled that a completely unqualified person is in charge of public schools now.
Ed system is broken. Obviously all of the "qualified" predecessors couldn't get the job done.
depending on source, we are 14th or 24th in the rankings.  But spend most . Bad return on investment
you realize how NOT funny this is since most teachers buy their own supplies. But I bet you're gonna pink slip them anyway.
oh those poor teachers that have to buy supplies. So do mechanics, agriculturists, coal miners, entrepreneurs, etc!
We are talking about classroom supplies. Things kids use to learn. Pencils and paper.
I'm talking about tools, equipment used to protect lives, things used to produce food.
Agricultural subsidies exist. Trainee mechanics do not buy hundreds of $s of tools. Broken analogy.
also we have a combine that we use 3 weeks a year. $450,000. Gov didn't subsidize that purchase.
Farmers can have their tractors paid for when they are State or Federal employees.
if it wasn't for farmers there would not be pencils or paper.
Maybe you should be looking for a dictionary first
your appointment is a sacrilege to our great education system.
if you work in public education, go out and buy your own. Take to work. Repeat when they end up missing.
Oh, @BetsyDeVos, u don't get it. Ts buy pencils, just like other supplies, books, but since u've never been in pub sch u wouldn't know.
Stop joking about education. 
Remember that left and right disagree on everything, 
except how grossly unqualified you are.
NICE attempt at being funny De
Douch! Too bad You're too billionairey to know that lots of schools cant afford school supplies.
I DO like how its a picture of you walking away.....KEEP GOING and don't stop.  AMERICA KNOWS YOU ARE IGNORANT. #noDevos #resist
did you stage this photo before or after you were chased from a public school? Maybe if you'd just brought your own pencils...
Whoa look! Someone important! We have to bow down to a b*tch because of her PUBLIC position!
An attempt at levity, Betsy? I think most teachers who have 2buy their own supplies, supplies4 kids don't think it's very funny
I support you! Big changes mean big pushback from the status quo. You're going to do a great job for all our children! 
So sorry there are so many haters out there. I support you and wish you much success.
how about you find the dictionary first! 
start by fixing the spelling on W.E.B. Du Bois name on dept of  ed website  you do not deserve this job god help our children
Thanks for living up to our expectations
But lets start off easy, try finger paints
And for the love of G_d dont eat the paste
sorry, but one :) does not guarantee that people will laugh. ;)
probably in one of 98,817 American public schools you're about to destroy
1 day as an educator & you'd know to buy pencils for your job. #JesusChristWasAPoorTeacher to the poor. #James312 #1Timothy178
Pencils are located in Walmart, where most teachers can be found spending hundreds of dollars on supplies BEFORE our job begins
passionate about education? LMAO. And this tweet? You are a joke, a really really bad one too.
Where do you find some integrity you vote-buying fraud?
You use your wealth to destroy. You'll be outta there ASAP
C U Next Tuesday. #resign #unqualified #dirtymoney
I hope & pray that we can use common sense@the core of education and not these abstract concepts that require mental gymnastics.
Come get your damn .
are you making a joke out of how uneducated and unprepared for the job you are? Not funny
Get in car. Drive to store. Buy them like we the parents and teachers do because it's not in the school budget.

Next comes... tossing the embedded Marxist Feminists OUT! of the public school systems and universities.  They're TOXIC!
You go! Do the job you were meant to do.
the 200 million you gave to GOP didn't provide pencils to public school students - USG doesn't do pencils - get your own!!
https://www.google.com/amp/www.ibtimes.com/who-betsy-devos-brother-erik-princes-involvement-blackwater-chinese-money-laundering-2493834%3famp=1 …
in the words of that a$$ @realDonaldTrump you're a disaster. you should be ashamed taking this office. @CNNPolitics
usually pencils are on tables/desks...
and not in most public schools cause they don't have the money! Hope you and your immense wealth can find writing utensils!!
ask real teachers where they buy supplies using their own money then share with ur boss #stupid
thank you for your willingness to service all children of this country. God bless
: This is the single most ignorant, myopic, elitist thing you POSSIBLY could have Tweeted.
"WHERE DO I FIND THE PENCILS?!"
You are not for the FUTURE and our CHILDREN. You  are a White Nationalist like TRUMP.  U R a follower! U w/ Bring US BACKWARDS not 4 FUTURE!
I just read something that struck a fuckin nerve! Who the fuck hopes that om someone! Sorry for the language but curse that lame ass dude!
Test scores are low because these kids have been over loaded with to much information,(mindless stuff) because our government
Are you serious?
Hope the one you find has a good eraser. I have a feeling you're going to make a lot of mistakes.
out of the millions of dollars you gave @realDonaldTrump he couldn't give you just one?
my daughter wrote this in pen does that count?
I am sure millions of us would be happy to send her some seriously sharp pencil for sticking into some precise locations.
they are probably up the butts of all the Democratics
Up your ass?
And you are over our children's education???? Just goes to prove you are not prepared or capable of handling this position.
check with the teachers and parents. They pay for schools with taxes and then out of their pockets for the pencils!
you will need to ask one of the teachers who buy their own supplies.  Not only are you unqualified,  but also unprepared. #shame
Real teachers buy their own pencils .  #RESISTANCE
Right get an education about the education system as it is and get off your F reality pills.
Drumpf managed to get the F-35 dumbed down, now Ding Dong DeVos will dumb down our children. The republicans have their wish!!!!
Not in the slightest bit funny....

. Wow.Just wow.
please know there is an army of supporters lifting you up behind the scenes. Congratulations and take heart.
Do you really think that's FUNNY?? If you can't find pencils it's bc the school ran out, the kids don't have $ to buy supplies,

That's not the problem. The problem is that you know nothing - NOTHING about public schools. Not even how 2 drop off a kid
Better grab a lot of erasers to go with them for all the huge mistakes you're about to make.
spend your own  money to buy pencils, just like all teachers do.
you must be a constipated mathemetician
use questions that are not even found in the curriculum. If our kids are failing when tested but do well other wise, the system
Not so popular on Twitter Betsy .
day 1 of ANY school year & I've already spent my 1st check on school supplies. Day 1 for you and all you've bought is your job:(
Teacher's buy the pencils! Low Budget, No Money...
You find them in a store; don't you know that you have to buy them like all teachers.
U need to leave this position. U care nothing about ordinary people and their kids.
Almost! I care about elite people and their kids. ~#BetsyDeVos
Did they not teach punctuation at your fancy private schools?
check your desk.. and then resign. We need a competent educated leader and you are not that.
Welcome to the education world, YOU buy pencils, provide paper, and fundraise to give jackets/clothes/shoes to freezing students
At Walmart when they're on sale like every other teacher has to. ....oh...wait...
make sure you have a full supply of erasers. And a dictionary.
Just tell your personal shopper. They will buy them for you. All teachers have personal shoppers, you know. #CheckYourPrivilege
Stop taking vanity photos and do your job. And, hellooo, you have to BUY pencils
When you find the pencils, maybe you can find the IDEA web site for the disabled you had taken down???
Teachers in America buy their own. You should to ! What a joke you in charge of our kids education
I think the bears in Wyoming stole all the pencils.
did you check up your ass?
You need to be prepared when you show up for class!
er: crayons. So humiliating to be from Michigan!!!  Thank god for Michael Moore!!
YOU HAVE SOME BALLS JOKING LIKE THAT.  You could NEVER do what those men and women do in our schools, on a pittance mind you.
In the Valentines I send to class with my daughter, because the schools can't afford them.
great job Bettie Duvos
Mind yourself, DeVos. America is watching.
ask the students who can't afford them.  They aren't provided!
I guess you know by now how thoughtless your remark seems...
you probably can't find any because of all the budget cuts
you're the secretary of education how tf do you not know where to find pencils
Please put on a grizzly bear costume and go visit some schools.
To stupid of a comment to even deserve a reply! But of course having never been an educator how would you know:((
Here ya go 
just borrow them, like your borrowed answers for your ethics review. #copyandpaste
You've been handed everything on a silver platter AND you think you're cuteGet real. 
#DeVosNotQualified except for #DevosShame
I have pencils in my classroom, of which, I bought!
over $200M invested in the @GOP and zero school supplies? That's telling. #k12 #edchat
golden spoon in her mouth and yet she's looking for free pencils. #moneyhoarders
Mrs. Devos my wife is an educator and I see it first hand how messed up our school system is. I believe in you and stand by u!
they're at the store; public school teachers buy their own supplies. Didn't you know that?
- #DeVosIstBildung?
Idiot Idiot Idiot Idiot Idiot Idiot Idiot......... continue....... Worst mistake yet.....
why don't you quit?
For 30 years part of my paycheck went to a union that supported politicians and policies that I disagreed with. That must stop.
So many chicken shit poeple afraid of a little change that might actually work.
we praise GOD for you!!! The morons have ruined the young adults who embrace entitlement, U will turn things around. Praying 4U
DeVos EXEMPLIFIES entitlement. What is wrong with you?
