School vouchers violate separation of church and state. No federal funds should go to religious schools. #SchoolChoice
that seems rather short sighted...
Why is that? I'm somewhat on ok w/vouchers for low-income families, but needs to exclude religious schools. No tax money for that
oh you are thinking seperation of church and state was in the constitution...it wasnt.  It was in a letter wrote back and forth
There are several SCOTUS decisions that determined the founding father's intended the separation.
no.  The supreme court is an interpretation.  One of many that ppl through the years have accepted as law.  Their interpretation.
we don't want your radical right Dominionist agenda in our schools!! Your agenda destroys opportunity for all but the richest.
Yes we do. Common Core must be removed. We don't want homosexuality, Islam or the theory of evolution to mislead kids
public schools need to be overhauled
all the libs on here acting like the current system is great. I hope she takes a sledge to the whole damn thing.
@suzannemc1967 Congrats, Madam Secretary.

#PublicEducation
@mkues65  Betsy... please. Just. Don't.
FLORIDA FAMILIES DO NOT WANT YOU AS SEC OF EDUCATION! America DOES NOT WANT YOU either. This is unpatriotic, step down!
You should be stopped and will be stopped.
@NationalPTA @womensmarch @floridademocrat @ACLU  Florida just got screwed over & DeVos will b a disaster for this country.
When I think of educational achievement, the first thing that comes to mind IS Florida.
Turning public schools into warehouses for kids in poverty, kids with behaviors and disabilities is NOT the answer.
POVERTY IS THE PROBLEM HERE...not public education.  As you strip money away from public education, the outcome becomes worse.
Is that your plan..to eventually say, "These public schools are doing horrible.  Set us up for failure.  The Michigan Charter
Schools are FAILING.
I can not see the NEA supporting you in this position.
https://youtu.be/fam5wRXcoQE 
Davos is a 
#FascistTheocrat
Without her ethics paperwork or tax returns *we still don't know what stakes DeVos has in any for-profit charter companies*  #DumpDevos
Rich white woman. Only needs opinions, not an understanding of the issues in education. #thebadguys
You look pretty white to me Serene
you know what else is in florida? the ocean. go swim in it, infinitely
it certainly is a Blessing here. Parents have actual choices now.  Voices being heard.
You're a monster.
oh yeah, a women that has spent MILLIONS trying to help inter city kids...is a monster. What have YOU done?
Another one of the brain trust weighing in!!! How about fighting illiteracy, you???? Her: $$$ for propaganda isn't education!
Well, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?????? Your highness???
working with the DeVos foundation on education. How about you? Got a favorite issue to MAGA?  If so, get on the Trump Train!
I wouldn't get on the drumpf or De Vos train for anything in the world. He hates women and she supports him!!!!!
Oh Susan, then sit and bitch while the rest of us move forward with Education reform. Name calling, doesn't get the work done.
Just want to know if Betsy & her bro r starting to teach Russian yet as she disassembles the education system? Update pls?? Happy it up!
@usedgov More GOP facts pulled straight from th GOP butt.
DeVoss math.
agreed-- but that's NOT about DeVoss.
still trying to dress up privatization as the answer for the poor when it is just another scheme to make money for the rich.
we support you!
hope funding & charter school funding won't hurt public schools.Failing schools need to be saved, Lure students to pull up grade
@Maria4America Congratulations.
My wife is a Principal at Eisenberg Elementary in Las Vegas. You have our total support

The kids in this country don't deserve this unqualified trash.
Yes, shit schools run by the likes of a @BetsyDeVos .  Kids don't deserve THAT!!
Christian hypocrisy! Her brother is a notorious mercenary -Paid Killer!
I know! There's a Putin connection too...this is a GIANT rat's nest.

Do away with Common Core. We're sick of godless men trying to teach our children about homosexuality, Islam and evolution. Lies.
What about them are "lies"?
The theory evolution is a lie because we all know God created men and the universe but teachers deny it
There is no evidence to suggest that God created men. The evidence supports human evolution.
The fool says in his heart "there is no God".
"The numpty thinks fairy-tales are true"
Florida is kind of known for sketchy choices. No pay for play when it comes to our kids!
thank goodness for a wonderful superintendent of Miami dade schools. He at least protects their Public school education
School vouchers aren't helping kids and their families-what are you gaining from this? This is just awful!
What about the families and students who aren't chosen? What about the social reproduction?

Hopefully they choose to go to schools outside of the Grizzly Zone.
if only you were being tapped to lead the department of Private School choice and not Public Education. IDEA. #unqualified
Menace!
not qualified in any way! Do us all a favor and respectfully decline the position. Donations to the RNC does not qualify you!
I Reject school choice!!!!! Unless all schools benefiting follow dame rules!!!
Thank you DeVos. Choice is right.
@TheOneTruth_ Me also couldn't help notice you got the idea from a Simpson's episode. Could you put Krusty Burgers in schools?
@TheOneTruth_ Oy, Bessie DeGross. I agree wit you. Bears is a serious problem. I saw each school needs a 50. Cal rifle. For bear
I thought you wanted to leave things up to the states? FL voters clearly showed they didn't want vouchers when they voted.
how will Yo manage all the madrasses that Orin
you seriously don't have a clue.
go Betsy! Bring the education system to its knees
you're a horrible person and a fraud
Oh,are those more of your failing Charter schools  that you make $ from! Not every child can go to a private school
I am so afraid for the future of our country. Please withdraw. Do the right thing.
Your political donations can't buy you a Cabinet position. You are unbelievable unqualified to run the Dept. of Education.
don't trust billionaires like you. Your bottom line is $, indoctrination. Use your $ to establish private schools, not mine.
A Secretary of  Dept. of Education should be at minimum a Master Teacher with Advance Degrees! Just Saying # SMDH
(3) in case u haven't noticed states r broke! Financl burden 2families will b devastating Given anythought 2 that?#SchoolChoice
good job keep up the great work u do
how's your brother? Kill any civilians today?
THANK YOU BETSY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(2) property taxes will increase by the thousands per home cuz that's how schools are funded at the local level. #SchoolChoice
(1) defunding public schools will hurt special needs children who benefit from govt subsidies. #SchoolChoice
SPED kids reach potential at private schools when public ones can't/won't do the job.  Paying $25,000 a year right now 
Thanks.  Wishing you the best in your soon to be new job.
I have called, emailed, and tweeted to my senators to tell them that you are a bad choice for American children.
You are horribly unqualified. You should be ashamed of yourself for even thinking you can run public education.
#SchoolChoice and your agenda are meant to line your pockets. go back to Michigan. you're not qualified for anything.
You go girl.  Florida resident for Trump.
And Congratulations! to you Ma'am. I was delighted to hear of your appointment. Best of luck to you!
Anyone who thinks deities belong in the classroom should move to Vatican City and stop tweeting.Have a bad day.
you're the Sarah Palin of education.
You are not qualified to have ANY position with ANY aspect of the public schools in this country.
How DARE you take money out of the public school system! This will absolutely harm poor communities. But you don't care, do you?
The obvious question here:
"How do you live with yourself?"
Betsy, we look forward to your confirmation. Good Luck and God Bless you! Fixing our schools is not always more $
Florida Grizzly Bears!!!!
what abt when the choices in a city/town aren't up to par? Easy for you, as a white privileged elite w unlimited choices,to say.
People like you are destroying America, and it's kids, it's future!
; School Choice is just a scam by bigots to revitalize school segregation. Choice is no substitute for school value!
Charter schools need to be held to the same standards for testing.
@tomesimpson School choice is a good thing. Why don't the rich Democrats like Obama want others to have same choices they do?
You're fired.
@PolitiBunny 
This tweet is the equivalent of spiking the football after a TD. Gotta love it.
- why couldn't you say the words "equal accountability", betsy??
The schools you prefer have lower standards than our PUBLIC SCHOOLS! Our kids deserve BETTER schools! #DeVos PAID to Play!
Lady you need to go back to school 
"Historic" not "Historical"
Public, Private, whatever..
Might look into a tutor even
The internet will be keeping track of your progress. Good Luck!
you need to watch John Oliver's show on Charter schools so you understand what works and what doesn't.
@ThatConservativ Betsy We Believe in you Thank you 
just in case you decide to change the tweet ... here's a screenshot so that you can prove to us that you deserve this job.
... of correct language and grammar. <sarcasm>Perhaps some public education would have helped </sarcasm>
does anyone spell check your words? It's okay for us "common people" to make mistakes. You are supposed to be the shining beacon
yes I love the idea of school choice so every kids can find the right and best  school for them and don't have to settle
Yeah that's not exactly how it's gonna work buddy!!  This is gonna hurt the public schools and that's the goal
So tired of Dems opposing #SchoolChoice & propping up teacher's unions while sending their own kids to schools of their choice. @BetsyDeVos
#CryAboutIt
Evidence @BetsyDeVos is against public schools.
please end common core  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inM8WTBT1lg&sns=tw … via @youtube
I hope that some of those school choices are Christian school choices.Parents would like that choice. But many can't afford it.
The opportunity that worked out so well in Michigan.
How dare you even sit for hearings to be considered for an important position in EDUCATION? You have never educated anyone.
What about content choice? Home educators want gov't out of our home schools.  Protect parent's rights #DumpCommonCore
Detroit charter schools are a sham
@marcorubio @edvotes As a retired public school teacher Fl... I do not feel you have qualifications to lead our children 

Should private schools receiving public taxpayer money have to teach real science? No #AlternativeFacts #evolutionNOTcreation
How do you address the loss of local taxpayer voice in expenditure decisions by private schools receiving school vouchers?
Why shouldn't all schools (public, private, charter) all be held to the same accountability standards?
keeping the poorest uneducated! Congratulations to all white supremacists like you.
you really should learn to spell
Florida schools are terrible. It's because people like you pull money and students out and put money into private schools.
opportunities*
my classroom door is open if you ever want to visit a public high school.
The State of Florida has had 338 failed charter schools. That's a clear statistic to be proud of.
wait ... you spelled "congrats to wealthy Florida families" wrong ...

school choice hurts those most in need of help. Visit a public school and see teachers doing amazing things.
but do you get that schools suffer when school of choice is in play?
No fed $$$ to parochial schools if they aren't willing to be held to evidence-based educational standards and don't discriminate
you mean the rich Florida families, the poor will be less educated than ever, so sad....
We want someone who will make our schools better! Not someone whose answer is send students to a different school! #imnotwithher
Florida families aren't celebrating
Are you going to blame a staffer for the grammatical error in this post, too?
You have no idea how the public education system works. Please stop before you ruin the lives of millions of children.
Why not improve and fix our current schools?
That's why we do not want you.  You know nothing about schools, just making money.
you are a nightmare!
thank you for fighting for parents & kids, we need school choice/  vouchers
school choice is legalized segregation. Shameful.
When they choose, do they pick between grizzly bears and no grizzly bears?
yeah can't wait to see those 5k vouchers for 15k schools another big wet kiss to the rich, you are really special 
your "school choice"! I want my kids and grandchildren to be intelligent and educated! Not "smart" like u & #DictatorDrumpf !
If they vote you in, which I doubt, I will be on you everyday until you quit. You and Rick Scott are uneducated and evil.
What about Betsy is evil?
school choice = welfare for wealthy & segregation. Obviously knowledge about ed not a requirement 4 your office. SAD! #NotMySOE
my son a straight A kid getting an excellent education @MDCPS & learning about love and differences. Charters wrote him off @ 4
Yeah, there are so many grizzly bears in Florida.
you are responsible for the destruction of the public education system in michigan. you are UNQUALIFIED
Seems you base nothing on evidence!Truly shameful!
You have no place in Education-please stay in Grand Rapids and leave our public schools & teachers out of your Christian agenda.
What's the difference between growth & proficiency? Withdraw, for the sake of millions of children. You are unqualified.
OMG.  Your passion does not equal competence.  Poverty and accountability need to be addressed first.
Look behind you! It's a bear!!!
if you have any respect for this countries wishes, resign now. You have no ability to do this job.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvXJnukCFoo …
you're actually going to accept the nomination and you are completely CLUELESS? You should be ashamed of yourself. My God!

idiot
#MoneyOutIntegrityIn and what about profiteering makes a billionaire qualified to help our children #yourefired
you are a joke and a fool.
Wishing you all our best from my entire family. Congrats
and guns to defend children against bears? In urban environments where are you going to see a bear?!
you know nothing of my field of study and yet you're poised to take the helm?
what about future research into the field grants that the education dept gives to educational specialists?
what about title 1 funding? What about college affordability program laws for income restricted people's?
it will exasperate it. You've no background in education, but you've got billions to spend on campaigns.
pulling away funds from public schools that struggle to pay for charter schools will NOT solve the problem.
and drag the education world down with it. This isn't some monied game for billionaires to play, this is the FUTURE.
do you even know what an IEP is? Without googling it? Charter schools are the next great bubble. They're going to fail
charter schools and voucher programs are not going to cover the millions of children who have an IEP.
Florida who has the worst education in the country to begin with right? Lady you cannot be the education secretary.

what about kids that don't have vested parents to CHOOSE for them !!???

let me guess....you think public school teachers are overpaid, don't work hard, and don't have enough students?(cont)
in the 1998-99 school year, I taught public high school with 6 classes of 6 different courses, my first and only year, (cont)
Love, support, and prayers for your confirmation!!
Im honestly terrified that you were nominated to lead our children. #Unqualified
so they should get free public money?   Nothing in life is truly free, sweetheart. You said it yourself.
what a train wreck.
What did you do to help the families in Flint?
watch out for potential grizzlies
you don't give a shit about all kids, only well off.
yea another chance to divide communities using state tax dollars. way to go Florida. #SavePublicEd
Your hearing made your ignorance of public education painfully obvious. #NotDevos
200 million you n your family have given to reps over the years. You're a billionaire. You gave Trump 2.7 million for this job!!
I am NOT paying taxes for rich kids to go to private schools. While mine are neglected by you!!
You've never been to a public school or your kids. You want to cut $ to public n give to 4 profit n private schools.
https://youtu.be/JXFoYIAlUVE 
A great day for the children. Hope you can give all children the opportunity to escape failing schools.
one suggestion: year long schoolsthink it's timeunions will b toughbut we need change.
Keep your religion and privilege off our educational system.
congrats to uretired educator/schoolpsych:30yrsdo not need 4400 employees in dept of ed in D.C.
And sorry for the other children who have had funds drawn away from their schools so Betsy's friends can profit...
Shouldnt "Making America Great again" include making all schools world class, not just shuffling students around?
