so happy I could help pay for your preX condition and multiple surgeries while you plan to take our insurance away from us. maybe when...
you get out of surgery and recover, you'll actually have a heart and stop hurting Arkansans for party politics. maybe.
Thank President Obama for your surgery, the kind, authentic leader the GOP tried to undermine & obstruct at every turn simply for his color.
Oh yes.  The GOP is very racist.  Oh please!  Try another tactic because that one is damned old!  Obama is a failure!!!
If Obama "failed" to pass legislation would greatly benefited average americans, it was because the GOP blocked at ever turn. Wake up.
"greatly benefited average Americans" wow, Nancy actually believes ACA was a success. Smdh
You people have your head in the sand.  Millions of Americans got HC under ACA, and many are thankful they had it or they'd be dead.
Bet you feel lucky to have health insurance... imagine if you didn't
Taxpayer funded health care must be nice
His job is tax funded, so naturally his benefits would be too. A BENEFIT of being EMPLOYED is receiving health insurance. You should try it
Emails Reveal GOP Senator Lobbied For Mexican Foreign Workers On Behalf Of Friend
Now that you're better, how are you gonna address all the blacks in Ar concerning our racist President standing with those who hate them?
Why doesn't this senator have an R  or D listed anywhere? Rino? Democrats? Not sure what this clown is.

They found a heart?!?!? HOW?? I am pretty sure I pulled that our and replaced it with 30 pieces of cold hard silver years ago. Weird??

Prayers for your recovery. When you come back, it's time to #impeachTrump
Why isn't it in Spanish?
I pray for your speedy recovery.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Prayers for a successful procedure and full recovery.  Rest up, we need your advocacy on ag issues in the Senate.
And deny health insurance from others while you enjoy what the taxpayers provide YOU? NICE!
Be safe and stay healthy.  We need everyone if Congress is to pass bipartisan legislation helping Americans.


Prayers and best wishes for a swift recovery.
Isn't healthcare nice?' Then why did you. It's to take it away
RT NAME THEM -

May God bless you with a speedy recovery, Senator
Stacey and I will be praying for you!
Support the President no if ands or buts!
My bad. Have no words for you except really mean ones.
Be well.
Not your constituent or a Republican but my prayers for you &your family that all goes well & a speedy recovery
Guess Arkansas doesn't have a good enough hospital for you. Why don't you do like the others should a quite so maybe we can get someone else
Think of all the people who wouldn't get your treatment if there was 50 votes.
Prayers for you, Senator. Great visiting with you in DC over the last month. Thank you for representing Arkansas well.
Good luck. As you recover, please think about how lifetime caps & high risk pools for pre-ex cond. should be avoided for constituents.
God's Grace Sen Boozman
Prayers for a speedy recovery
Yes, get this taken care of before you return to take way helpless other Americans insurance.
#YASSSS
Our Thoughts and Prayers are with You Senator Boozman! Wishing You to have a Speedy Recovery~GODSPEED   ~
Could have been typed and sent out to each constituent.  Instead it's hand written and will possibly be read by a max of 24% of the people.
I'm definitely not a fan, nor a supporter but I wish you the best on this and will pray for a good outcome on your health issue.
Get well!
You are in our prayers!!!
#Hypocrite - you voted against others getting the treatment you currently receive.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/22/us/politics/senate-health-care-whip-count.html …
Good thing you have healthcare huh?  #ACA saves lives.  Also, talk to @DrEsselstyn  - he can help you avoid future heart surgeries.
I'm sending prayers but I'm not from AR. I feel like the others who posed Many of us can't afford procedures because of OC Think about that!
Pre-Existing Condition? Additional surgeries? Constant Monitoring? WOW good thing U didn't vote against ACA huh? OH YEAH YOU DID!!!!
Best of luck to you, wish you felt the same about us.
good thing you have health insurance.
No shame. #ACA
But your constituents aren't entitled to the same care?
When you write your note apologizing for voting to deprive millions of the care you're getting, I'll listen.
I won't.
I hope you get the same care you voted that your "fellow Arkansans" should get during the Senate healthcare vote last month. #Receipts
Post your receipt so we can see that a real American pays for their own healthcare!
So happy that he has good insurance.
Maybe, you will allow other Americans the same healthcare you get thru Congress, or offer a single payer or fix ACA. We deserve less than u?
Glad you can do this without the worry of cost.....the rest of ALL of us can only dream (around the headaches)
P.S. Exactly how did you think this particular tweet would be received by the way? Just curious of the thought process pre-tweet ya know.
Good luck with your procedure, hypocrite.
You are in our prayers, Senator.
Best wishes Senator. Get well soon
Dear Senator,I am wishing you a speedy recovery having had a similar experience.As you recover,I want to thank you for supporting Americorp!
Prayers for health and recovery.
Prayers from Reed/Mueller Family. Shannon and I coming to D.C. In Oct. hope we get another chance to visit. Speedy Recovery
You're in our prayers. Best wishes for a successful surgery and a quick and full recovery.
hope you have good health insurance and no one is trying to take it away from you, john!
We are praying for a successful outcome and speedy recovery.
I sincerely wish you the best, and I sincerely hope you will uphold your oath to the Constitution when you get back.
Prayers to you and your family, appreciate your service and hope all goes well.
Prayers for a speedy recovery!
#COUNTRYBEFOREPARTY #MIDTERMS
Glad you have insurance and got to see your doctor, I'm still waiting on a VA appointment.

Get well, Senator. Arkansans count on you to make sure that everyone has access to healthcare.
Good to know you have insurance....
I hope you get hooked on opioids! Can you pass a drug screen Boozman? You should be tested before you return to represent me!
Best wishes to you John
I'm healthy, why should I have to pay for your surgery for this preexisting condition? Just another leech on the rest of us.
Whatever your illness, you better get well and back to work. Senate failure is not an option!
You'll do great @JohnBoozman!  May God bless you with a quick recovery!  Thank you for all that you do for our great state of Arkansas.
Remember this day when you consider repealing ACA. Everyone deserves+has right to proper healthcare. Don't take it away for billionaires.
No way!  It's not up to the rest of us to pay for your piss poor life decisions! No insurance at your job? Get one that does!!!
Get well soon!
Glad you were able to personally make sure you have great healthcare pd for by hard working Americans. You've the power to return the favor
He won't.
It's nice to have health insurance to pay for these surgeries, right? I helped pay for it, so the last you can do is not take away mine.
Good luck Senator.
So you have health insurance & it will be covered. That must be a huge relief for you and your family
Good luck with that. You voted to take away MY health insurance. Karma you bought and paid for grifter.
Good luck w the taxpayer sponsored surgery you work to deprive others from having. #SaveACA
Prayers for recovery and great health!
Imagine when it's over you owe $20,000 and it's been 14 years with a open workman's comp   Case and you get no help.
Insurance is rather helpful in a situation like this. I don't think they do aortic surgeries in ER's or free clinics.
Praying God's hands on the surgeon. And His blessings on you and your family.
We're glad you have health insurance.
I wonder if that number includes those who will drop it rather than paying the sky high premiums and deductibles??  YES!  Liberals lie!
You have great insurance Senator. Mine is crap, but hope you get well soon.
Best wishes.
Praying for a successful surgery and quick recovery!
You had that transformative health care experience in 2014 but voted to deprive your constituents of similar care in 2017. Shame.
Praying for you sir.
You misspelled paying.
Get well soon senator
thank goodness you have ACA w/majority of premium paid by tax payers.
His salary does not qualify for tax payer subsidies.
Wrong. Congress/staff receive 72% percent federal subsidies. They pay 28% thru pre-tax payroll ded.
cite your source
you're welcome.
GAO source, not fake news
Used 2believe libs just brainwashed beyond rational thinking....now I see they're just not intelligent enough to distinguish truth vs fake
Some have souls while others cast theirs to the wind.
Get well soon Senator
Best of luck, Senator!
Well wishes and hope you have a speedy recovery Senator Boozman
Even though I hate your politics I wish you the best. When you return please help others have the same great healthcare you do.
Take all the time you need cuz you aren't doing anything effective anyway.  
Best of luck to ya & congrats for having health insurance!
Get well soon! It's good you had healthcare which allowed the 1st surgery, this final surgery and, most importantly, the checkups inbetween
Prayers for a speedy recovery
Prayers for speedy recovery john
Praying for a successful procedure, Senator.
Maybe your torn aorta caused you to vote "yes" on the healthcare MTP.
@senrobportman
Best wishes on a successful surgery and speedy recovery Senator.
Please come back healthy and ready to take on an unstable president.  U know something is seriously wrong.  B a hero.
Too bad #TrumpCare would not cover this. Why did you try to take healthcare from millions of Americans?
