Actually, I think if you polled them today, you'd find a very different answer.
Yep. This poll was this weekend! Solid 52% of Arkansans WITH LANDLINES oppose.
So...what is that...100 people? No one has landlines anymore :-(
Not true in rural America. I can't use my cell phone in the home I grew up.
Then there are 97 other people that were polled...all I'm saying is that this is not a very large population...wish it was.
It was a poll of 517 people. Polling data sets are usually not that big and extrapolated
Please completely repeal, that's the representation I want to see! #RedNationRising
Same to ya! Have a great day
President Obama and the Democrats lied, if you like you're doctor & insurance you can keep them. Neither were true for me. Repeal the ACA.
Obamacare was not forced upon anybody. There were hearings. Town Halls, the President himself took QUESTIONS on it (would you believe that?)
but NOW it's forced on EVERYBODY, required to buy or pay a fine, many choose the fine because it's cheaper than insurance
The ACA is working in AR for thousands of Arkansans. I have yet to see the 'repairing'. Repairing suggests 'better'.You/GOP want to repeal.
Nope. Sorry sir. ACA has helped many acquire insurance for the first time! They are thankful to be able to go to the dr!
Obamacare has been terrible for me and my family!
And many other families have suffered under obamacare, many have seen premium increases and lost coverage #RedNationRising
Thank you for your vote tonight, If the Dems allow you to vote!
Stop this mad rush. Have real conversations with those whose views differ from yours. Work across the aisle. You can be the hero we need.
I wouldn't hold your breath
I know 
Because NO democrat will work with a republican while Trump is president, name a democrat who has voted against their party this year
Exactly, I am against this extreme partisanship. It is the real problem.
Shame on America - boiling factory farmed chicken alive is torture! Why are there no laws against this in USA?
how do U know what Arkansans want? U refuse to listen to us!
Obamacare saved my premature twins and my life. You are not representing me or my family.
Doesn't stop your from taking govt supported health care, does it John?  Not what ark sent you to wash for. Repeal and replace boozman.
This Arkansan is calling on you NOT to repeal. ACA has been successful in our state. We're counting on you not to mess up what is working.
Remember the people who voted for you WANT repeal, or vote against it and lose those votes #RedNationRising
That system already exists. I call it the free market. REPEAL AND STOP!
Absolutely, full repeal like your voters wanted when we voted for you! #RedNationRising
"Obamacare is not sustainable". Well, that's bc the GOP and POTUS are actively undermining it!! It's on YOU! And this is on you too. Shame.
& Trump care is in NO WAY "quality healthcare" for ANYONE. Much less every American. There are just no words for this ridiculousness.
Wow @hannahwheels87, ACA is not healthcare it's insurance sales, trumpcare is insurance sales too, only not forced on all
Correction-Arkansans are calling for the ACA to remain, and fixed where it needs. You are listening to insurance lobby, not Arkansans. #ACA
Bully, who throws a friend under the bus? Only mean and selfish people like trump
Please save our healthcare, and you will demonstrate to your constituents and our people that it is our people you value.
Stop flailing at the ACA and get to work on something that matters, like infrastructure, education and SINGLE PAYER HEALTHCARE.
this is a complete lie and you sir, are a coward.
Orly? Which Arkansans? How many of us do you listen to? The poor ones? Or the ones with the lobby money? The ones you pick and choose?
You raised American flag higher ,by doing this fantastic job for the benefits of your people .
So have a plan, a comment period, an actual bill before voting to proceed. You accomplish nothing for constituents this way. Shame on you.
Today you chose political pressure over my life. Pitiful
For your work I will provide 30 pieces of silver, as promised.  You may collect it from your master's boot when you are done licking it.
@JohnBoozman Will you demand ALL health care rules, new or old, apply to Senate and all government employees?
According to the BC/BS employees and the medical people I have canvassed, this does not represent the majority of Arkansans. SAD!
John when is your 24 hour shift? I'm gonna need you to take one. Jack is 11,  he needs to be fed, diapered, bathed when are you open? #ACA
Also send over a couple of interns, they can help.
Sycophant 2 mcconnell. Sad you do not listen to Arkansans who need healthcare. UR actions responsible for 200k Arkansans who may lose care.
More of the same standard repeal and replace. What exactly did those 6000 calls a week ask for? My guess? Not to repeal or replace.
Your statement was made with a party line vote and not the voice of the people of this state. Unless you're replacing with the plan you get!
Your office said 6000 calls a week- that's what they receive. That's why we couldn't get a new statement from you, and here we have more of
We know your staff manages your twitter account and we hope they have the decency to tell you what we think of you and share our concerns
Today's employers avoid benefits by only giving 35 hours. Rich big business should get Tax break 2 take care of its people. Ins  retire med
Don't kid yourself, people want healthcare. I thought your party was about responsibility? Don't remove the mandate that everyone pay 4 HC
Fix ACA, do the right thing for Arkansas, not yourself!  We will remember this when you want our votes!
You are part of the problem, your not listening!  Leave ACA alone, NO REPEAL!!!  Your from a state that relies on medicaid
So you never considered it from the start, no matter who it saved. Thanks for showing your true colors. You need to be voted out.
Rich should pay more taxes. They won't miss it. Feds  tahe care of working poor. State manages Medicaid few 7 yrs and have 2 vote 2 debate
Tha majority of your constituents do not support this. Fix #Obamacare, don't repeal it.
NO u r not listening to Arkansan's!  This is the worst thing u have done to AR! Shame on u!
How much money have insurance companies given you? I am curious how much citizens of Arkansas need to raise to buy your vote?
No longer want to hear you refer to yourself as "pro-life" anymore. Obviously you want 22 million Americans to die.
U have hurt Arkansans that put trust in u to do what's best for us, not the GOP!!!! U will soon see & regret this decision!
Disgraceful! Repeal a plan for millions with no replacement that's even close to covering the majority!! Ur only agenda is GOP not Arkansans
You're not representing this Arkansan. I like you better when you're silent.
You don't even know what you're voting on aside from the fact that it would take healthcare from millions of Americans - shame on you!
http://www.gallup.com/poll/203501/kentucky-arkansas-post-largest-drops-uninsured-rates.aspx … You reversed this progress
All these sons of whores need to be subject to recall.
Special place in hell for you John. Repeal this. 
Just wait until we get a new Congress and start passing bills that hit Fed pensions, retirement, and health benefits hard. Games begin
You can't wash it off.
When Republicans force Obamacare to be not sustainable by voting to repeal it 60 times they can't then complain about its unsustainability.
You lie with a straight face. GOP plans will require our poverty or my wife living a life of pain! We will remember #FixTheACA

You will take away insurance from the good people of #Arkansas so you & your rich friends get a huge tax break. People will die.
Ugh!!! Fix the ACA. It's working for 32+ million people.
Disappointed in you. I'll prove it at the polls.
Rest assured, if you don't deliver on health care for "every American," you will be voted out of office.
This is 100% lies and you are a traitor.
#BoozmanIsACoward
The process leading up to the vote today has been nothing short of shameful. Your rhetoric is tired and helps no-one but the GOP.
Shame on you!
I hope you were listening to Senator John McCain...
Do you have any idea of what your constituents have to say about that? When were you home last?
be ensured that you lost my vote with your vote against ACA. It's shameful that you bowed to the pressure from our disgraceful president.
Thank you!
A signal to the 12%?, because to the rest of us it is a signal that you are in the grips of big corporations, pharma,and other creepy people
This is Levi. He is an Arkansan. He has autism. He needs the ACA. Please have a heart and reconsider what you are doing.
And what will those who have to have iit do? Some of our people had insurance for.the first time and now won't.
I and my daughter have terminal diseases. You just moved our death forward. I hope the Lord has mercy on you.  I hope the AR voters won't
If not, you will loose your seat!!!
you mean lobbyist have been calling.
The government has no business in healthcare. Let the FREE do it job
The Arkansas I speak with have gotten over the initial NO WAY sponsored by Republicans.  It has been 7 years--talk with people not peers.
This is a lie.
You keep this narrative and you will disappoint the citizens of this st. U did nothing today that will help achieve a better quality of life
Excellent
Thank you! Obamacare was a disaster. Let's fix this!
Your partisan effort needs bipartisan and constituent support. Put your states needs before your party's!
Disgusting!!
Please vote for full repeal. Do not bail out the insurance companies
And not ALL Arkansans are asking for a repeal.
What we need to know is what YOU are forcing on us!!
U care nothing for arkansans,  only your party.  You're a disaster for this state.
Many won't face the fact many of the "lost" insured are those not wanting it. What good is ACA insurance if you can't afford the deductible?
I couldn't afford it! I don't want repeal & replace! It keeps insurance companies from charging us outrageous prices! Single payer only!
You know better.
The process was flawed. No public hearings. When and where was your last town hall (not by telephone)? A vote without time to read the bill.
I pay for my insurance. I don't get subsidies. And I'm angry at insurance companies for price gouging, not at Obamacare for trying to help.
Well said!
2022 #Guilty50
The ONLY Arkansans I know of that want to repeal the ACA are you, Tom Cotton and French Hill. Are you going to take in some of the elderly?
Don't leave out Steve Womack.
Can we have your same healthcare plan?

I urge you to vote NO. As constituent & as an American.  This Bill will kill thousands. Some of them right here in Arkansas.
I live in NWA and you sir are wrong. And voting with your party above your state and it's people. You are putting lives of Arkansans at risk
Thank you!
The longer it takes for everyone to sober up to the facts stated herein & act under THESE 12 Principles, the Worse Trump/GOP Damage will be:
The longer it takes for everyone to sober up to the facts stated herein & act under THESE 12 Principles, the Worse Trump/GOP Damage will be:
It wasn't a bad system. The #GOP delayed and stopped key parts of the #ACA which in turn hurt 38 of 3000+ counties, but it works in most.
head!
I have RA and purchase insurance directly through my provider w/o tax credits or subsidies. I need the ability to cont to purchase ins.
How much will you make off of #TrumpCare?
John Bozoman.
