How long are we going to have to hear about Trump Russia. Still haven't found anything!Comey is gone bc he covered up the truth. Get a clue!
Oh dear. Seek help.
I'm good, thanks.
No you're not sweetie. 

How did you like the photos of Trump smiling and shaking hands with the Russians??
It's called diplomacy
The democrats are behind these lies.
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
What about Hillary's ties to russia , selling them uranium. Maybe they will use it to bomb us . your more like McCain that stand for dems.
There has been no evidence relating to Russia and Trump. It's been ongoing since July. It's a witch hunt. Comey should have chgd Hillary.
As a constituent, I ask that you do everything possible to expose Pres. Trump's lies, threats, etc. The US deserves better!
Where were you over the lies of the past 8 yrs.
Americans know why Comey was fired. He didn't do his job!
Nope. He WAS doing his job & you cult followers didn't want him exposing your cult leader. Fake christians. Seek help.
If he did Hillary would have been indicted, he chose politics above duty.
Nope. She didn't do anything wrong. Your dumba$$ potus tweets from a gawddamn unsecured cell phone. Hypocrite, have several seats.
very decent of you to not follow blind leadership, proud that you were respectful of mr comey
Why waste tax money, this Russia thing is just like the birth certificate a way to keep the populace stirred up.
I voted for u: No connection! Comey lied,covered up. bad guy!
Nope. 45 is the bad guy. Use your brain. Oh wait.
You are right Senator Bozeman. We have lost faith in many things. I, for example have lost faith in your failure to respond to my contacts
Country before party,  Senator.
Tick tock
It's time for Congress to force a special prosecutor
Guarding the rule of law against encroachments from Trump should be ur highest priority
So you really want to lose your seat? How dare you side with the liberals who wanted Comey fired - at least until @PONTUS fired him!
@TomCottonAR plan on anything regarding this?
Integrity? Seriously? These statement really has me questioning my vote for you. Love the call for investigation, where was it with H.C.?
Umm. Hillary was investigated ad nauseum & nothing found. You're a hypocrite.

Thank you  . I'm from the other side of the aisle but appreciate your courage in demanding explanation. Please convince @SenTomCotton follow
It has been explained, been investigated since last year, nothing. Leave alone and build the wall.
It's time to put the political BS on hold. I hope you're sincere about finding the truth.
The truth is out there, more liberal bs, crying about there loss, blaming others besides a corrupt candidate.
Actions speak louder than words and they tell fewer lies. If what you say and what you do aren't the same thing, Arkansans can't trust you.
You simply refuse to see past your allegiance to your party.
You people calling doe a prosecutor to investigate nothing, lol, you are putting corrupt political party over country, but that is a liberal
#countrybeforeparty #IndependentInvestigationNow
We deserve a full investigation of the Clintons . their life of crime all the murders and cocaine the brought into arkansas.
Also, independent investigation of #Trumprussia. There is no other way.
Thank you. There is more to this story. Please convince your fellow AR senator that this is important.
It was the right decision. Move on.
Oh no. We will NEVER move on. There's more of us than them. South Korea 2.0. #ImpeachTrump
Please follow through and demand a special prosecutor!
Insist on a spec pros NOT current asst. AG.  Rep us by action NOT the status quo and collecting your pay and benefits.
I'm glad you have faith in the FBI, but we need an independent investigation and prosecutor. This is too fishy.
Thank you
Now, we lack confidence in your confidence.
Thanks for having the guts to at least make a statement unlike the rest of AR delegation. You are right we deserve a detailed explanation.
THANK YOU, SIR 
nice statement. meaningless w/o action. time to honor your oath of office and insist upon #SpecialProsecutor + #IndependentInvestigation
we have lost faith in YOU to put your country ahead of your party! you MUST do what's right for the sake of history. McConnell told you...
to ignore calls of #SpecialProsecutor - that one was not needed. we'll never get the truth w/o one. you KNOW this! you can't fire the...
person investigating you in the middle of investigation! this is your nice "public face". you're old enough to remember Saturday Night...
Massacre. whatever your private face is telling you, which must be what we're all feeling, listen to it! and turn on your fax machine!
These United States get the federal government we deserve. Whose fault is it? Look in the mirror.
you forgot the words "independent prosecutor" in your statement.  Stand with America, not with just your party!
I've lost faith in you.
It's as if you are reading this from a card handed to you by the GOP!  Empty words!  You are but a minion of Trump and by proxy, Putin!!
Picking up his paycheck and rolling in his benefit package. Life is good for JB.
We lost faith in YOU a long time ago.  WE don't believe the Senate will investigate - you will bow and kiss the ring of the Orange Leader!
I urge you to fight for an Independent Prosecutor with the Trump Russia probe. It's the only non-partisan way.
I have spent a large part of my career teaching in AR. Our nation is slipping into constitutional crisis. GOP congress must stop this. Help!
Put your "full confidence" behind a real investigation. This is important. How you respond is important.
You would not be saying this if Hillary had won and fired him.
Where's your OUTRAGE, John?  Our democracy is in GREAT PERIL!!  I demand you call for impeachment proceedings to begin!  #MAGA #Trumptrain
Agreed, lots of folks in AR have questions
Then we can investigate you next Boozman and your connection to big money in Arkansas right?
I wonder where Mr. Cotton's statement is?  Oh wait... he is a rubber stamp kinda guy!
This is a good start, but your next actions are being watched closely by your constituents.  Time for an independent investigation.
Surprisingly, I agree with you. Thank you for asking for clarity. Our country deserves a complete investigation. We are worn out!
What actions will you take to back up your pretty words? All talk; no action = unacceptable. Start with INDEPENDENT investigation please.
You better do your part, Senator.
While you "have full faith in [your] colleagues" your constituents do not! Senate had its chance. Demand an independent investigation now!
I have little to no faith in JB. When has he EVER stood for anything other than status quo. Even his claim to fame - veterans - pathetic.
Sorry but all of u need to look at what Trump is doing and ask yourself Why! Not just blindly follow him. This man will make the GOP FALL!
A "Full Explanation" may be Impossible without #SpecialProsecutor since @SpeakerRyan nor @McConnellPress seem interested in The Constitution
Agreed. We need a full explanation. Waiting for it!  (From Searcy). What about affordable care?
What's more important, your party or your country? Your actions will make your decision obvious.
Thank you for your statement. Please put your country over your party & lead the call for an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia.
Independent Investigation and Special Prosecutor is the only way to settle this.People should want it. If theres nothing there whats to lose
We have lost faith because we are constantly being lied to and misled.
We need an independent investigation, and we need it now!
@KARK4News Our democracy is at stake.  Please put our country over partisanship.  We need an independent prosecutor.
When will you call for an independent investigation and a special prosecutor? Do what's right for America, not Russia.
TY. I hope you will follow thru on this. An independent investigation is only way to get 2  truth. I've completely lost faith in our gov.
Speak!! 
Please support the appointment of an Independent Prosecutor, Americans are frightened and are losing trust in our system of Checks/Balances.
This is better than some statements. Now is a great time to be remembered as a Patriot by calling for a  #SpecialProsecutor
I'm not always in agreement with you, Senator, but I thank-you for publicly releasing this statement.
Good talk until you Act & out Country ahead of party your words are Hollow
My trust in gov from top throughout was gone long before Comey & I don't know him personally, lost all respect for him over HRC, jail her
Hey Senator can you talk to McCain? He has swallowed a bitter pill and it's stuck in his throat.
Fantastic! When are you calling to appoint a special prosecutor to oversee the ongoing investigation of Russian involvement?
Remember last October 2016  when Valarie Jarrett Chief advisor to President wanted Former President Obama to fire James Comey???
So your full endorsement of a independent investigation should be forthcoming shortly.
Finally a Senator who is using his head.
So you'll be demanding a special prosecutor then, Senator.
