Support those who have pre-existing conditions!
Please vote NO for the people u r elected to protect! Please listen to Arkansans not the Repulican party! This plan will hurt too many!!
Just repeal and reinstate what we had before O'care and get government out of health care business period.
SenJohnBoozman I know U have many constituents w different views on the HealthCareBill sir I hope U will align w the POTUS & pass the HCB.
#FullRepeal! Say NO to Universal Healthcare! USA is too big for socialized medicine for all. Stand #UnitedForFreedom! #KeepThePromise!

#FullRepeal #unitedforfreedom 
When you take away health care from my elderly mom that will cause the theory of relativity! #TomthetraitorCotton #shepaidalready
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
#KeepThePromise of #FullRepeal on socialized healthcare. #StopTheTaxation   #UnitedForFreedom
Yes! Keep fighting for "affordable healthcare for EVERY American!" Let's fix the ACA! No repeal!
Isn't taking away peoples' insurance violating the Hippocratic Oath you took as a doctor to "do no harm"
1.  Call it what it is:  Massive tax cut for the rich.  2.  Hold a real Town Hall if you want to hear from constituents.  3.  Fix ACA
@KARK4News @Shirley71743729 Freedom Caucus is winning the PR war, Normally Arkansans are center right, pls more information!!
@KARK4News @Shirley71743729  Its hard to know what the plan is,Most of what I hear is bad, Need info from other Sen. FC is loud
Please serve Arkansans and the people of our nation. VOTE NO ! Tax cuts for the wealthy and benefit cuts for the poor is obscene.
Make Dems explain why they support price fixing & collusion in drug, insurance industries, legal since 1945. Support free market!  Pls RT
Sitting on the fence can be painful.  Pls vote NO!  Work with dems on bipartisan solution.
Vote no..protect our health care.
Vote no if no protection against coverage caps or alterations to existing Essential Benefits is included in the bill.
As a retired Arkansan who would see my insurance premiums drastically raised, I am VERY concerned.  I think the cuts too deep.  Modify bill!
The senate's bill is inhumane. Advanced countries have universal healthcare.
Senator Boozman, how does this health care bill represent America when it cuts $374 billion from it and cuts Medicaid for the poor?
Senator John Boozman does not care about his Arkansas constituents who cannot afford health insurance and are on Medicaid.
Senator from Arkansas, there are elderly people who cannot pay 5x in premiums to insurance companies which this Trumpcare  bill is allowing.
The time for your self glorification is near the End, #countrybeforeparty,# midtermscomingsoon,
you could have fixed the ACA, instead of voting to repeal 57 times, where was the replacement plan Then? Right ,there never was
Thanks for chatting with us today! #iwork4aha
~Twenty percent of rural hospitals depend on Medicaid patients. If they are turned away, that means loss of jobs and closing of the hospital
Thank you for listening. Here's the opinion of a top medical journal you probably subscribe to:
This nonsense is going to kill people. Thought you were pro life?
please vote no!
Vote no
Listen to Arkansans. Vote no on the senate health care bill. We are your constituents.
Don't pass another entitlement! Everybody talks about 22 mil that won't have HC, how about the rest 300 plus million??
Let's fix healthcare then we might be able to come up with a decent health care bill.
Please work with Rand Paul and President Trump please
Save our health care! We are depending on you!
Please don't misunderstand me Obamacare is a disaster. Just get the govt. out of healthcare. This just isn't the right bill
Vote no unless the subsidies to the insurance companies are removed
Should be spending time and money improving ACA
Please vote no!
We need to move a single payer model.
Let me translate: idk what I'm supposed to do, let me wait until ol' Mitch decides for me.
Easy John vote against it!! It is a non people piece of legislation! Is that where you are at?
shame on you!! Trumpcare is/would be terrible.
22 million lose healthcare because of republicans! Shamed on you!
Why don't you try to work with Democrats and repair Obamacare?
Partisan politics will ruin our country.
The GOP proposed HEALTHCARE BILL is horrendous! Have the courage to VOTE NO on it. Do NOT allow insurance companies to inflict more damage!
Enough of the madness.  Be a hero!  Support #healthcareforall.
you crack me up. Can't believe u would even consider this bill
Thank you for your time today!
Vote no, plain and simple. It is a bad bill.
Personally, I would rather see Obamacare crash & burn and see govt removed from the market, but I doubt It will happen
Vote No! We are self employed AR family. I have preexisting condition. I could die without ins. Vote No or you're looking at your last term!
ambition has made @SenTomCotton blind & deaf. please dont do this. blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy. vote no.
how can you start by saying aca has failed when your current plan makes the aca look flawless. think about your own eye clients.
Lots of rural constituents will lose.  Are they more important than Koch bros?
so sad, ppl hold signs that say boozman at rallies, we pray for these guys, and they spit in our face -
Read my statement. I have no confidence that you will ever put Arkansas people above your stupid devotion to voting party first. Tool.
I have one thing to say, Obama Care it's not a failure, it could have been fixed with Amendment! Not a crappy Bill like this!
Please vote NO on the Health care bill.  My son will lose his insurance without medicaid.  My husband may not be able to retire at 62.  NO!!
Vote NO for the Senate Healthcare Bill, VOTE YES for The People. CoSponsor a Senate variation of HR676 today!! Show US you care!!
You ever look at the pokerstars debate why the fbi has the right to say I can't play online poker there's five other gambling sites
vote no. The only fix to Obamacare you should push is single payer.
Vote NO on this bill. It hurts our most vulnerable!! It's not in the best interest of citizens that you are supposed to be representing!
Vote no for Arkansas. This bill will crush so many in our state. Do the right thing and stand up for us!
Please do not vote to kill my son with slow and painful death.
where did your facebook page go did you get scared?
vote no
When republicans write a bill the working people and very poor get hurt &I only for a rich mans tax cut! REPUBLICANS ARE EVIL
Next you republicans will just start killing the poor for the rich!
Please vote no! Many Good Republicans in AR need medicaid and ARKids for grandma and handicapped children.
How involved are medical doctors in this process?  As a common-sense conservative, I know they are THE experts and should be consulted.
This bill will lead directly to Arkansans dying needlessly. I urge you to vote NO.
GOOD NEWS!!
@SenateMajLdr just delayed the vote on AHCA until after July 4th recess.
Because LACK OF VOTES
Be a real conservative and follow Rand Paul's ideas. Get the gov out of folks lives!
This is not a solution to fix the ACA. Actually FIX it instead of trying to repeal & replace w something that kicks 22,000,000 off care.
In Arkansas, Obamacare has been in large part a success.  Maybe you should use Arkansas as an example to fix it instead of sacrificing us!
NO!! The harm would fall on the most vulnerable in our state: children, poor, elderly and disabled. We deserve and can do better than this.
BRCA: drafted without input from patients and docs #stopthebill
Frame the statement w/ our systems broken, neglect to mention the corporate bill being proposed is worse, barely mention CBO report. Figures
Awful plan hurting the most vulnerable in our state and country. No brainer to vote no with a side of disgust.
Unless there is a major medical event I am paying almost 100% out of pocket as deductibles are so high. FSA cap is well below my deductible
the CBO needs to re score Obama care as it is now vs the current Trump health bill. Government need to be out of the healthcare business
Pretty vague on your stance, but this is NOT a bill you should vote yes on. Actual lives are at stake, please vote NO. #saveourhealthcare
Share these comments with Tom Cotton!
Please do not vote for this, Arkansans and the American people deserve better!
#ThisBillKills
Don't vote for this! And before you go any further, PUT SOME WOMEN ON THE COMMITTEE!!!!  GEEZ!  One more thing - DON'T VOTE FOR THIS BILL!!!
1 in 4 kids and seniors in Garland Co. are at or below the poverty level. This bill hurts our rural children & elderly. Do the right thing.
We are here in your office letting you know Vote NO
Make those Parkinson's patients get a job! Right senator?
We have premiums we can't afford. Providers are bailing fast. Soon none of us will have insurance. Vote yes then keep working on it!
Twitter bot
@steffirhea @sandorae @JohnBoozman Your ignorance is showing!
For 8 years you yelled Repeal/Replace Obamacare.  How is it you don't already have a REASONABLE/AFFORDABLE health care bill in place?!
Please DO NOT vote for this.
They have had 7 years.  You're being lied to.
Obamacare has major problems, however this bill seems to be worse. The idea is to fix ACA or replace w something better. This is not it.
So a non-statement statement?

What we have is bad and what we are planning to pass is worse, so I'll wait and hide in the meantime
