This will really help me.. taking away healthcare from a cancer patient. Rot in hell "senator "
This only hurts Americans
@OZRKIndivisibleir is correct. You sir are only toting the party line.  The People of Ark will speak with their votes in 2018. The voters got medical pot to become law. That means anything is possible. Even while living in a GOP state.
Republicans control both houses. So why didn't you use the legislative process & make fixes rather make healthcare impossible for so many?
trumpcare - brought to u by ArGOP
More fallout: Arkansas approves double-digit rate hikes. 
BCBS: 8% -> 14%
Centene: 10% -> 21%
QualChoice: 9% -> 25%
…
at least you are plainly letting us know, that we can all go to hell as far as you care. In govt only to make urslef rich, not public servic
Will POTUS' action in any way affect your ability to have great healthcare?
It’s does neither.  And you know it.
This does not help my family, nor does it help most Arkansas families.
Russian sanction have yet to be implemented despite vote, 98-2. Where is your protest? Your vote was only for show? Theater?
We will just refer to you as 'mr temp' from now on.  #voteboozeout
Big mistake. People in AR will wake up and get rid you you. What have YOU accomplished other than doing what you were told?
You mean you applaud killing poor people.
Unsustainable? Have you seen our military? Sure vote for big defense contractors, but the rest of us can fuck ourselves?
Party line over people's lives. You , sir are an embarrassment to the people you claim to represent...
He's in need of help for senile dementia
"Mr. President, you need to sign it" - @VP to Trump as he walks out without signing the executive order he was just announcing 
Narcissism + Dementia = 45
The sad thing is, despite evidence to the contrary, you believe this B.S. Your mistake that others will pay for.
You know this isn't true. If you don't you should resign.
Choice to choose poor coverage, fraudulent policies-just like the old days befire the ACA. @JohnBoozman you are a disgrace to ARKANSAS.
Ark ranks #49. Senator boozman thinks thats too high.
Ark population ~ 3 Mil.  @JohnBoozman thinks that too much.
The voters applaud him as well since congress can't get anything done
I might add with the negative replies from others...they are forgetting the people who are suffering because of ACA. #workingamericans
Interested to learn how you, as an Arkansan working American, suffered because of ACA.  So few examples of this.
How do you stand to look in the mirror?
Of course it's unsustainable The GOP has made sure of that. Don't confuse sabotage with prophecy. They aren't even close.
John glad you are out of your coma and decided to actually say something. Even if it is moronic and Trump like idiocy.
I will gladly and always vote against you. This does not help Arkansas.
With this you lost me and my wife's vote.  Without insurance she will slowly die.
I am so sorry for y'alls situation. I truly hope that something changes asap and allows your wife to be well cared for.
You just lost my vote. Thousands of Arkansas people depend on ACA for insurance. Trump doesn't care about them. Apparently you don't either.
I am bringing my 3 year old to your office when she can't get her coordinated care at the ACH. Shame on you and the rest of your party.
You are nothing but a puppet for the GOP. You have no original ideas, no free thoughts. You jut do whatever they tell you. #Pathetic
ARE YOU DRUNK?
Why are Medicare Part D RX costs so much higher than private insurance? My med costs went from  $55 to over $500 HELP!
#Obamacare is still the law and I expect you to honor it in every way.
You have zero credibility John; You complain when Obama issued these and yet here you are applauding Trump for doing the same. Do your job.
It's unsustainable only because of Trump's sabotage.  Shame on you for supporting what will hurt so many Arkansans.
Thank you for keeping truth and American values visible to everyone. I appreciate Arkansas Elected Legislators in the US Congress.
Visible to everyone? Have you not read every other tweeted response to Boozman's empty words?
You may be ingratiating yourself with the current administration, but history will show you for the tool you are. #shameless
Despicable action that will devastate millions of Americans. Fix ACA. Don’t destroy.
Thank you, @JohnBoozman. My kids will be thrilled when Trump's sabotage renders our Silver plan unaffordable. Always CHIP, though? Oh, wait.
Medicare For All is the only way to go
Your noise is brown.
Its all yours now you own it
#countrybeforeparty,
talked to any Service industry employees lately,  most have insurance for the first time ever. I want the same care you have Senator!!!!!!!!
Thank God P. Trump took action many of  family can't /will not seek treatment due to $$$ out of pocket/deductable costs. OCare HARMED!!
What a crock of lies... I will have my say with y’all in November
Train to people who need insurance the most!!!
Uneducated fools!!
How will your constituents pay for healthcare? How are they to plan when you end subsidies weeks before open enrollment? What's wrong with u
So fix it instead of taking away healthcare from people. Would you give up your government paid healthcare???
sigh
Nope.
Yeah, let's destroy the bed rock of the legislation and watch it fail rather than fixing it. Political gain supersedes working families.
Hey i tell you what, if u want to impress us man up like corker has. If shut the heck up
Your a joke as well
We need health savings accounts-- NOW!
I call bullshit.
You don't know much about how insurance works. Nor does your staff.
What Trump did was put in place the very thing that will de-stablize the marketplace. Catastrophic plans will drain healthy people from it.
Omg!!! You're an idiot too  you will own this along with the rest of you're party.  Wth are you people thinking?! Oh, that's right you act
I am sorry to hear your position. 45's actions just shift costs around. They won't bring costs down.
1/ THREAD: Trump’s signing his EO tomorrow. Here’s how it can destroy the Individual Market: http://acasignups.net/17/10/10/how-trumps-executive-order-could-destroy-individual-market-numbers … #ACASabotage
Instead of letting potus destroy the ACA, you and the rest of the Senate should try and repair it instead of saying it's in a death spiral.
Shame on you, sir. As your constituent, I couldn't be more disappointed.
we will all remember this come election time!! There is a plan (ACA) that is in place & guess what if u fix it-u could help millions
ya if fuks would trying to care ur corpoate cronies in breaking this ctry to make money #lies
Man, you would. If you stayed in AR you’d know how bad we need Ocare
Show me any evidence that this will bring down costs
...unsustainable and will, ultimately, cause many American citizens to be without healthcare or choice. Do the RIGHT THING, senators!
Senator, you and @SenTomCotton only care about your self-interests and your parties' pockets -- your lack of action and blind support is...
Who are you writing to?  Your donors?  The average Arkansan?  Tea Party?  It’s a shame @SenTomCotton and you continue to fail us. #arpx


Give us the same insurance as YOU have! But you really don't give a fuck!!
You’re a shill. Do what you are told by the party.  You don’t care about the people.  You are out next election so plunder away.
Your party has done everything possible to hurt the ACA. Obstructionists.  Healthcare is not for corps to make profit. How’s your plan?
Do you also applaud him making impossible to register in some states? Tell all the story not what just sounds good for republicans
With the Pres. and GOP sabotaging ACA premiums will skyrocket, unless you want to buy a cheap insurance plan that will cover nothing.
I respectfully disagree Sir.
Wow again, senator. If you & @gop colleagues would have worked to REPAIR things, people would be better protected. Now you're ruining lives.
Bull.  Obamacare is being deliberately sabotaged by trump.  The only reason this is being done is because it is associated with Obama.
AMEN
I find it funny that when President Obama “used his pen”, the GOP lost its collective mind, but apparently now it’s okay.
Do your job! Protect your constituents and our constitution!  #ImpeachTrumpNow  #SaveACA
Arkansas’ approach to the Affordable Care Act is considered top notch across the country. You must do better Sen.!
The WH admits the exec order will  premiums,   taxpayer costs, & screw those unsubsidized with pre-existing conditions. John approves.
You are extremely wrong but thanks for making it easier for me to know whom not to vote for 
You applaud his seizure of Congress' CONSTITUTIONAL power. Do you realize the precedent that is being set? You bashed Obama for less.
FYI -the proposed order is full of propaganda, lacks details, and saturated with sabotage. No applause for any of you hacks that support it.
Yeah, I guess it doesn't matter--your monkey boss is going to blow us up, anyway.
You know what the American people would applaud - you out of office! Why do you seem to take such pride in hurting your fellow citizens?
@POTUS is unsustainable as is his death care & taxes for the rich. I applaud the PRESS & AMERICANS for taking action to bring down the clown
The republicans and the white house are deliberately sabotaging the ACA. Your complicit in people losing their health insurance!
ACA was a stop gap to mend an already horrible broken for profit system.
Everything T and GOP have done has made US HC worse.
Shameful.
"... so let's actively destabilize it and kill poor people." You forgot that part.
Good job, Boozy. You're not on my shit list, like other losers... #MAGA
