YOU ARE A COWARD!  Voting for bill that would take insurance away from 16 million Americans and raise rates by 20%. Start working with DEMS!
last night's bill was NOT a solution. it was an attack on people that YOU voted for! shame on you for being a petty partisan hack.
thank God @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins & @SenateDems protected millions, incl my son, from your depraved indifference!
.@JohnBoozman is my senator and he needs to hear this. He won't listen to me. (I voted for HC (health care) --Thanks
unfortunately he's my senator too. he doesn't listen to any of us. 
Maybe if you cut back on your lavish lifestyle and possibly consider halting funding for new projects that don't relate to infrastructure.
Just one of the followers!! Somebody else will have to solve!
How are you planning on doing that?
Here is an idea. Work with your colleagues across the aisle. Working together gets things done. Just ask anyone who is NOT a politician.
You sir are no John McCain. 
https://youtu.be/Nyy6SPmbqJo 
Actually do something to bring the cost down 2/2. Everyone working in a hospital must be in hospital network, have Hospitals publish prices.
Please try a combination of private and public options. Let sickest, poorest, oldest high risk join Congress/Fed Employee group for Ins.
Thankful for John McCains courage to do no harm!
Calling theirs obama care and calling yours freedom care shows that you think the masses are stupid. Freedom to die?
Thank you, repealing OC then taking down false state borders, competition drives down cost, shop for best policy #FreeMarket
And what was your last vote regarding Obamacare?
Again, the MAJORITY of Arkansans are AGAINST repealing the ACA. What about that don't you understand? We want a bipartisan fix to the ACA.
Repealing healthcare is not the answer the answer is controlling the rising premiums that insurance charges and the excessive RX costs
I agree, the Congress should also work together, put aside the rheteric. We NEED lower premiums, Drug costs & Co-pays
Person that answers your phone - tells us what you want & to think. NOT WHAT WE WANT you to know from us. Senator of Ark. 2018 Elections 
Thank you @SenatorCollins 
Thank you @lisamurkowski 
Thank you Sen.McCain
LOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Actually do something to bring the cost down.  Take profit out of healthcare, negotiate with pharmaceuticals to bring drug prices down. 1/2
Fix what we have!!! You are not listening to the majority of the people in Arkansas
Your YES vote on skinny repeal reveals how radical right and dangerous you are to the health security of Arkansans.  Shame!  Shame! Shame!
When will GOP refer 2 r healthcare as the ACA?  Not once did they call their disastrous bills Trumpcare. Disrespectful 2 the nation.
Here is an idea. Work w/ the democrats. #SinglePayerNow .
in the 7 years, should have been working on the plan that would help all, time to talk to the other side and put country before party
So you're going to focus on the real problem.... regulating out of control greedy insurance companies?
The only real solution is single-payer, universal healthcare.
I applaud your efforts.  Just make sure it's not a government run healthcare replacement or I'll be reconsidering my vote.
Arkansans now realize u have no desire to vote in our BEST INTERESTS only GOP's. That bill would have devastated hundreds of thousands on AR
Ur form letter sent to me stated u would do what's right for Healthcare. Nope u just want to tout the party line. That was an awful vote
How about, provide these families, you and your colleagues seem so concerned about, with the same health coverage all of you have.
i HOPE the voters of Arkansas fire you and Cotton both!!!! I'm doing my part when I vote in the future.
Wordsmithing attempts will not help. We will NOT forget you voted for bills that would forgo health care for thousands and actually > costs.
Boo on you for voting for the skinny repeal. How do your constituents feel about that?
Why dont you guys lusten to the American people? The majority want you to fix the ACA not repeal it.  Work with Dems and insurance companies
The bill you voted yes on last night would have INCREASED premiums 20% NEXT YEAR. How is that relief from skyrocketing costs?
Then put pressure on your peers to repeal the thing like was promised. Don't throw up your hands.
And for the love of god, please stop blaming everybody else. Work the problem and find a solution. If u need help tweet me.
Well maybe you should of done that 1st. Ask the governor s, ask the people, pull the insurance companies in. Just don't hide
Work towards new leadership. McConnell has to go.
Arks will continue to work towards a solution to provide relief to our families from senators like you. You lost ur credibility & our votes!
...so your solution was to vote for a bill that raises premiums 20% every year? How does that make ANY sense??
GOP let us down
You and Senator Cotton are too eager to take healthcare away from millions in order to give tax breaks to the most wealthy.
ACA brought and still brings my family's healthcare costs down.
How about a workmans comp case that's been open for 15 years
It's been time to work together for the last 8 years. How about some action to back up your rhetoric?
Paid premiums to BCBS of Ark for 20+ years, When The company I worked for closed BCBS would not sell me Insurance. Obamacare changed that.
Your kind of help was going to kill us. Maybe you should sit this one out.
Work for the #PublicOption which would make big ins compete and bring down prices.
Sir, this is a multifaceted issue. Please consider all aspects before voting for change.  You represent ALL Arkansans. #arpx #Indivisible
Try watching this. Understand the problem. Then we can fix it together!
Senator, repealing is not in the best interest of our state. Even our governor thinks that. Fix and Improve should be your goal. Thank you.
You can't continue to work toward a solution until you actually start. You haven't done that. Get busy or get out.
all you're are doing with these BS lying statements is fanning the flames of the Resistance! Thank you! ArGOP is going down!
Barack Obama did that 7 years ago but you and your racist pals sabotaged it at every turn and now every body knows.
What about opening up availability of ins providers? Ex: Natural and Chinese Medicine coverage. Maybe catastrophic combined with holistic?
Disappointed that your vote was to take insurance away from millions
Every solution you've voted for, per the CBO, would raise premiums by 20%+ immediately. Time to stop blindly obeying Mitch & the GOP.
If it were not for Medicare abuse this would be a no brainer. It's got be policed.
I LOVE my Obama Care(s)
Are you sad you're not getting a fat bonus?
