This is your president, you're a supporter of a racist bigot who courts nazis. I don't believe your words for 1 second! You own it!
That's a pitifully safe comment Senator.
Be sure to remind yourself of this when you have the chance to work across the aisle in the Senate...
You've enabled everything that went on. Your party of hatred has done nothing for the past 8 years but spew vitriol and sew division. It's
past time to stand up and do something. Sickening what this @GOP has become, or maybe it's exactly what you've wanted.
Tell that to the guy you worship as your president
Equally unacceptable: Failure to specify: white supremacists as bad actors.We're compelled to specify as our president didn't. It's on him.
It means nothing. I complained about being called a nigger; by AHP Chief Burks. Boozman wouldn't address the issue. He still has a job.
Unless you publicly tell @realDonaldTrump where you stand your words are hollow.
Please impeach
Great words. Really pretty. Now WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT??? #25Amendment #ImpeachDonaldTrump #FireBannonMillerGorka #25thAmendment
Are you just as incapable of calling them NAZIs and White Supremacists? Condemn them, by name.
That's it? You can't name the perpetrators either?#AltRight #Nazis #WhiteSupremacists #domesticterrorism
well boozman...you have been exposed as a swamprat by daily caller..taking sides with buddy for mexican slave labor...tick tock..out you go!
Denouncing white supremacists is not enough. Denounce the president. Say his name. #impeach
Not good enough! The voters are waiting for you to take a stronger stand, join the @GOP and DENOUNCE @realDonaldTrump support of Racism!

Tell that to @jasonrapert he is the biggest BIGOT of all
Ni. I won't be working with white supremacists and Nazis.
Are you serious? What aid wrong with you? Useless senator
This was terrorism, plain and simple. Call it what it is.
John, you are better than this. Call these racists out by what they are, white supremacists.
Sir, the pictures with your interns show you only hire whites. Your party is mostly white. Work together means be inclusive with all.
Not enough, Senator. We do not work with terrorists and murderers. You just picked your side. #HeatherHeyer #Charlottesville #Flip2018
Gonna need you to specifically mention white supremacy, otherwise you're empowering the bigotry you say you denounce.
Don't just denounce "violence and hatred;" denounce white supremacy too!
Isis tries 2 wipe out history by destroying what they don't like We can't follow them We need 2 accept our history good or bad & improve
Hold trump accountable for promoting hate in his speeches and tweets.  Your tweet is just passing on the real issue - trumps talk
Condemn the ones responsible. Say their name.
Then meet with your constituents!! How can you "Work together" if you are "missing?"
Please specify that white supremacy is bad so that your constituents dont misinterpret what you mean by "bigotry"
Call it what it is: Alt-right terrorism #WhiteSupremacists. Reference @marcorubio
yet it's rampant in our @WhiteHouse - there are literal Nazis working for @POTUS and you seem oblivious because of party politics!
also, what do you mean "we solve our problems by working together"? did you feel that way when 12 of your colleagues locked themselves...
in a room, absent other input, as they wrote a bill to strip millions - incl ~300,000 Arkansans - of health insurance? you're a hypocrite.
Senator, racism & bigotry is when you don't hire someone named Jamal or rent an apt. to the Chongs. This is terrorism. #Saythewords
Can't say white supremacists can you, coward
*white supremacy
Thanks. Now get to work and #impeachTrump
It would be appropriate if your President agreed with you on that.  Why doesn't it bother you that he doesn't?
What? I can barely hear ye. Where was your voice the last 18 months while the vile man in WH was spewing hate and fear
How's that philosophy working out in WASHINGTON? I'll wait for your answer
Now we do that in Arkansas, but where were the outcrys when there were BLM riots and leftists terrorists wearing masks, burning, etc
What's it like to be a faceless bot that spreads nonsense without any accountability?
Thank you! But you still have a lot to get me to like you again after your votes for the Trumpdon'tcare Bill
And you get paid (too much) to say absolutely nothing of substance? Please step down.
Denounce @realDonaldTrump for his weak statements and his weakness as a President!

#Charlottesville  #WhiteSupremacy march on eve of Unite the Right protest fulfills 8 #JDCpredictions https://jdcpredictions.blogspot.com/2017/08/aug1117-pertaining-to-candlestick-or.html … 
if you can't call it what it is .. don't say anything. White ISIS killed a person, injuring 12 others. White supremacy = GOP.
BLM=domestic terrorists according to your thought process.
Whose leaders have openly and loudly advocated for the murder of LEOs nationwide.  Former POTUS openly supported them.  #DoubleStandards
Where was the news coverage and condemnations for left-wing violent protests that have occurred in the past year?
Thank you Senator! Please keep up the good work in DC on behalf of Arkansas
