This will be your downfall and one of the reasons Arkansas will turn blue. #UniteBlue #Impeach45
So you think Syria and Nicaragua have it all figured out and the rest of the world are idiots? #cluelessgop #elections2018
Arkansas could be on the front line of clean energy jobs. Your support of Trump and his antiquated dinosaur policies is embarrassing
Thank you! The Paris climate agreement was a terrible mistake.
Yes!  We stand with Syria and Nicaragua.  United in stupidity.
Ah yes, cause cause spending trillions of dollars to maybe lower the earths climate by 3/10ths of a degree  in 100 years is smart. NOT.
Sure, lets sit back & let the rest of the world innovate and invest in new green technologies. We'll just keep 50k people mining coal. #Dumb
Actually America has been increasing new innovative solutions WITHOUT the Paris climate agreement. Do you know that America has reduced
Emissions by 17% over the last couple years and will probably continue to reduce by 17% in the next couple years? Did you know that China is
The number one producer of CO2 emissions & are the number one country that's killing the coral reefs? Except in the Paris climate agreement
China isn't required to reduce their emissions AT ALL? They should be leading in CO2 reduction, since they are the leading country in CO2
#ParisAgreement isn't a bad deal for the USA, just a small minority of corporate interests. Please don't pretend to represent all of us!
You are complicit in weakening this country and endangering its citizens. Try to sleep well.
Falsehood:  "a clean exit from the Paris climate accord will not take away the United States’ seat at the table in future discussions,"
Good for you
3 things we should all agree on healthcare and food for children and take care of the planet. Why can't you support any of these concepts.
You would not steal from me, why would you use the government to steal from me?
How is the government stealing from you?
522 days until you and @TomCottonAR are out of a job.
You sir are fraud & disgrace to oaths u swore & AR 
McConnell says jump & u ask how high/how much? As in  $ it takes to buy your support!
$281 thousand from Exxon. He was one of the cheapest of the bunch as well.
And Exxon wanted to stay in. Something smells here. President must have promised him cabinet position. Can't get anybody else to join team.
shame on you your hands and pockets are covered in blood and oil- pathetic - climate change is real. EVERY MOMENT
This extreme short sightedness will haunt you as we retreat from meaningful global leadership.
Snooze! U dont even KNOW about the agreement. U R just GOING ALONG... U R VOTED OUT!! hows that GOV Healthcare we gave working 4 U? SAD!!
Now, get tax reform and repeal ACA
America deserves better
How long must one support poor decisions by the WH and party lines before conscientious, values, ethics take over
I seem to appear you do not care about seniors, children, the working middle class and now the planet.
Get your nose out of Trump's ass and have some regard for our nation and world.  We join Syria and Nicaragua - that makes you proud?
called your office in Little Rock and the man who answered was rude when I voiced my objection. Nice to see how your voters are treated.
This simply means that you will not have my support or my vote when you come up for re-election. I am ashamed that you represent my state.
I don't understand how you can be so completely unaware
You should be hanging your head in Shame
John I am ashamed that you just follow blindly
Can't lead when you don't play.  So Senator how do you propose slowing down global warming?  Or you don't believe in facts!
So this means you'll stay within your own state borders, have all inbred offspring netered/spayed at birth, and leave human beings alone
Can't wait to tweet you goodbye
You are an embarrassment
Clean energy is the future ... now we will be left behind!! How can you be SO shortsighted w/ our economy & our planet??  #ShameOnYou
Two more votes lost.
Did Exxon write that for you?
@JohnBoozman Hi John! In U.S. obviously have a problem with freedom of speech: https://twitter.com/VMozghovyi/status/823610114565427201 … Please, turn off censorship!
@Microsoft 
@BillGates 
@MasonMorfit 
@satyanadella #Microsoft Corporation Board of…

NO Nukes...are you kidding ?? They're still trying to figure out where to put wastewater from the little plant of 70's outside Fayetteville
Hey better start boozing Boozman you'll be voted out of office.
John Boozman, Arkansas
Oil & gas: $147,930, Coal: $2,000Total: $149,930
Looking forward to you supporting all those alt-energy sources you cited...

Nevermind. For #GOP it's party > country, apparently.
You disgust us!
Shame on you!!!!
how are you a member of Environment Committee w/statement like that? just bc your next election isn't until 2022, don't think we'll forget.
He is complacent and counts on good ole boy razorback nation $. Has accomplished zero during time in office.
Amen! Boozman has been about as worthless as those teats on the Razorback boar!
You have chosen the wrong side of History. 

You are seriously mis-informed, uneducated and short-sighted. 
I will work hard to replace you.
It only took God 6 days to make the earth, we might as well do whatever the hell we want to it. He can make another one easy enough.
We need to stand together and vote these GOP backward thinkers out of our state!
Shame on you for this short-sited and egocentric decision. You have let down our country, planet and future generations.
Don't you care what kind of planet you grandchildren inherit?   We should be leaders in the Paris accord, instead we are an embarrassment.
You've now lost 2 votes from this house & will do everything within my power to insure you never again sit in that office!
I 2nd that motion!
Your support is appreciated by all American Patriots. Our money  will be better spent here at home
What air do you breathe? Money spent on who? Trump and his Florida visits?

 
Another faceless, random bot. Does the Boozman campaign pay for this fake support?
Too many hardened hearts. Thanks John I appreciate your steady, solid leadership. Leave the senate before you're 80. It's getting ridiculous
Leave wuickly!
Lost my vote.
You fail to understand that our economy will mean nothing if life is no longer sustainable. I wish I were being alarmist there, but I'm not.
Shame on you.
When you think Boozman, think TRUMP.  Same person.  Any side that allies us with Syria and Nicaragua can't be good.  You are a fool.
to be fair, Nicaragua didn't sign bc it wasn't strong enough & Syria is in middle of civil war. we aren't going to be great, we'll be last.
You & your official statement are mistaken. You are shortsighted w/respect to the needs of our economy & future generations. No Vision!
Yeah. And what is your position on affordable care?  Arkansans first. 72143
are you & @SenTomCotton competing to see who is worse for arkansas?  U might have taken the lead with this one...

Agreed! Now, focus on implementing the rest of his agenda!
You are dead wrong.
Elections are soon. Hope our planet is still alive.  When your constituents along the MS River are flooded, will you still support?
STRONGLY disagree , and, I vote in Arkansas
@JohnBoozman can’t wait to vote against you yet again
Guess you hate the world and your grandkids more than I imagined. Are you, Cotton and Womack in some race to see who can kill us first?
you can add @RepFrenchHill to that list and make it a 4 elephant race.
It's like you and Cotton are competing to see who can release the most out of touch with reality statement today. #turrible
I would ask that the President and members of Congress put in writing what they plan to do to achieve those goals. An actual plan, not words
Blah blah blah all I know is you don't give a rat's ass for the effects of climate change on AR farmers or the rest of us for that matter.
I used to respect you. And now you've lost my vote. Sad. So blinded by party ideology you've forgotten how to think for yourself.
He's forgotten the Hippocratic Oath he took as a doctor.I guess campaign donations override that.

Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.

As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the  #ParisAgreement withdrawal.
A good leader decision
Clean air and a healthy climate doesn't belong to any one country. And now it belongs to none.
Thank you Senator John Boozman for standing behind @POTUS.  Resident of Rogers, AR.
God I can't wait to vote you out.
who are you? are the one of 100 who has stood by and let the media and democrats attack our president? if not why dont we know who you are?
