The President reached out to Democrats, Joe and you all gave him the finger.  Working together is working together...not against.
The president has offered no viable solutions to the problem. He still thinks it's simple
It's not the President's responsibility.  It's Congress' problem. They have the power of the purse, not Trump.  Something Obama didn't get.
Too bad they've been sabotaging it for the last 6 years
That's the problem with a 2 party systems.  Boths sides sabotage each other.  Dems are doing it now.
Yes, both parties need to work on this bill.  It should not me a tax cut bill for the 1% and a health care cut for ones on medicaid.
#HR676 Healthcare For All Act
#EliminateFuckingPenaltyFeesForACA FUCKING BRILLIANT!
Senator Donnelly, I am a constituent as is my disabled wife.  The GOP cutbacks will devastate our family.  Please fight with all your might.
Don't be an obstructionist
Absolutely!! Keep up the good work and vote no:)
Just think how much more affordable it would be if there was no government involvement in healthcare!
And insurance companies were left to run things so they made as much profit as possible and provide as little care as possible
Put people to work and have them pay for their insurance! No more free rides!
Medicaid pays for kids, the disabled and the elderly. Hope you have a spare room for when your relatives get kicked out of the nursing home.
We need real health care reform, not more disastrous tax cuts for the rich.  Vote NO on the BCRA, and tell Todd Young to vote no, too!
Joe is a clown like the rest of his party. Obama care is a mess. He doesn't know the details of healthcare. He just follows. NOT a leader.
How many meetings with @POTUS or @GOP have you scheduled?
You're definitely not going to have a job. We're going to unseat you. Just watch! You don't speak for Hoosiers. #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you, Joe
Ummm. Joe- This is the internet. A simple search will show ObamaCare was collapsiing BEFORE the election.
The Republicans have been undermining the bill since 2010 in congress not to mention governors that put politics over people
Let's try single payer or Medicare for all until y'all get your shit together.
Medicare IS not single payer it only cover 80 percent the other 20 percent is by private companies who can charge whatever they want
At least trump is doing something while you watch ACA blow up
He was one who forced Obamacare down our throats.  We need to term limit Donnelly.  Throw the Obamacare SOB out.
Thanks Joe!
Then do it! Stop being an obstructionist.
you get all your talking points from Sanders and Warren don't even bother to run in 2018 you will get no support from real Hoosiers
Medicare for all!
Pressure the healthcare businesses. Make them explain how they can justify charging unaffordable amounts for the services they provide.
Review hospitals use of surplus incomeChange non profit rule so those funds must be used to lower COSTS!
Just lost the only provider that would cover me. Self employed are screwed in IN. Work on that Joe.
Then speak with POTUS about your concerns. Come to the table with Republicans & Democrats to solve the healthcare issue. Stop criticisms.
Thank you for your decency. It's nice to know there is a humane voice from this state.
You might remind Senator Young that the proposed Medicaid cuts will be kicking in right as he will be seeking a second term.
might want to remind young Todd.
Fight for Hoosiers and vote NO to this healthcare bill.
Thank you! Please forth plans to reduce pharm and health costs. Transferring costs to sick fixes nothing.
Get jacked, Joe. You voted for the mess we have and exempted youself
It's sounds like a bunch of political bullshit. if you are actually against trump care, say it.
We're counting on you, Joe, to stand up and speak out for Hoosiers. Thanks for taking a bold step here.
Keep standing up against cruelty. The rich don't need another tax break!
Indiana voter!  What system?!? Us workers to pay for non working people to have insurance, and don't forget we pay for yours too, Get 2 work
Why not make in mandatory that anyone who provides employee plans must participate in the ACA? If not, then they cannot sell in IN.
I'm proud of your message and your fight. We need to work harder to educate all Indiana residents about what this resolution really means.
Thank you for voting down this bill, it may be the only thing you vote 4 that is unconstitutional.
@SenDonnelly Hardworking Hoosiers Voted for the Admin and the real change. Not the pseudo change offered by you, Schumer & Pelosi
Thank you for that. Yes the administration should stop undermining the ACA. No repeal know replace. Fix some problems, sure.
So how best to fight this? Sen Young isn't listening. No hearings, no input. So wrong.
Don't have to undermine it Joe, Dems created a colossal failure on their own.
If that's true then why do you support obamacare? It's a total train wreck.
I hope you can convince Indiana's junior Senator to agree with you.
Hold the line, Senator. Stop Trumpcare!
Keep fighting the good fight for us. Thank you.
#Obamacare was passed "because of the stupidity of the American voter" according to it's architect and has never worked. You own this
