What will be your response?
this is a temporary ban for 7 countries PO listed, and Sen. Schumer wanted to stop refugees from Syria 2 years ago now he cries
stand up and fight for truth and ALL of America
step it up senator..weak, "fraidy cat" statement
Thank you for standing up for Hoosier hospitality and American values. Please continue to help keep America what she has always been. Free.
Lest you forget.. IN supports Trump's agenda.
More people died in #chicago last night than #detained at #airports.  Which #LibDem cares????  #nobannowall #yesbanyeswall #turmp #maga
I AM FROM FORT WAYNE AND I HOPE YOU ABSTAIN FROM VOTING ON DEVOS FOR SOE
Get off Twitter and do something! #MuslimBan
make us safe Joe. Make us great
thank you for speaking out against the EO! From Fort Wayne
is this it? That's your only response to an EO that seems to have no basis in law or reality? What's your reaction to the NSC?
do better Joe! It's not time for political calculus. Your actions will win you reelection, not your timidity on twitter.
Thank you!
Please work against this executive order!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Donnelly, for standing up for what is right.
Why would anyone in another country help USA military when fascist Trump will not help them flee to USA for their safety?
not all of your constituents wants you to oppose the cabinet picks and maybe not the SCOTUS pick.
You need to get on board or you won't be rep IN much longer. Stop protecting the corrupt establishment & protect IN! #Traitor
Don't become a political wind sock if your worried about 2018 progressives watching every vote. Politics are not for the weak.
Thank you!
please please make sure someone vets Bannon. How can they not have Intell @ meetings. Not normal
:calls himself a Democrat? 1/13 dem's Just voted w/GOP defeat bill would hv<cost meds+voted for Pompeo>CIA=now THIS
be firm. We need strong leadership to fight this. Please be there for us.
Thank you, Senator.  Now please take action.
Not a very BOLD statement coming from a #Democrat who's been in office for a while! AND with #election coming up!
closing border while working on improved vetting methods from known terrorist states is unpatriotic?
@UniteBlue #StopPresidentBannon
Hoosiers are counting on you to defend the Constitution and stand up to racism!
As a Hoosier now living in NYC, I'm proud to see you standing up and speaking out against the immigration ban. Thank you!
President Trump is making America a unifed Nation so all you Liberals stop bucking the systrm.
thank you.
You need to get informed rather than listening to CNN.  What is your position on term limits
Thank you!
Thank you for speaking out.
.@SenDonnelly DO SOMETHING! Speak LOUDER! Hoosiers demand the unconstitutional actions STOP. NOW! #NoBanNoWall #StopPresidentBannon
Thank you sir for representing us now and in the future.
@FoxNews & @MSNBC.  Take @CoryBooker & @SenWarren lead and push back. Fight for your values which are the values we voted for.
politics be damned. This is about democracy. We want to see your name in @nytimes and @washingtonpost. We want you on @CNN..
Thank you Senator! This order alienates our allies, emboldens ISIS, disrupts families and hurts vetted US permanent residents.
we support you still and believe your heart is in the right place but now we demand that more be done about it...
and take action then you pull them people behind you. The once quiet electorate. People who installed you in the first place.
with the rest being your dem supporters. That majority will push against you if you play this weak. However, is you stand up..
hard right Hoosiers any how. You already lost that vote. However, they are not the majority. Most are independent/undecided..
checks and balances matter. So use that authority. Don't back down to threats. Polarization tells us you won't sway..
Proud to have voted for you! We need everyone in the Senate to fight this right now.
Senate may be the only line of defense in times where is seems orders from judicial branch may be ignored.
you still have our support so please do what we hired you for. In a seat 1 of 100 every voice is heard. Do not back down.
The people are not subjects of our leaders. You are our voice and we are being louder than you right now. Doing your job.
now more than ever. We see when the right thing is done. Never forget, that in the whole nation, YOU ARE THE MAJORITY.
MAKE A STATEMENT. Cooperate when it will benefit constituents but not under threat of reelection battle. We pay attention..
. @SenDonnelly done anything or just tweeted about it?
Then stand up and #resist Dont approve any more of Trumps cabinet appt! Stand up 4 the ppl U represent #NoBanNoWall
upcoming reelection or not. Hoosiers will vote with a patriot who did the right thing. Regardless of what color our state went
fight the travel ban. Fight ACA repeal. Fight tyrannical EOs. Fight for workers. Reject Sessions. Reject Devos. Reject Puzder.
I, and my local union, have supported you but quiet tweets solve nothing. More action and make your statements heard.
thank you senator for opposing! Please continue to stand up for the " majority" of the American voters!
We already know that. We are the laughingstock of the world.
will you be at the airport standing up 4 those this affects or do you believe a tweet is enough? My vote depends on your answer
The order makes immigrant friends and neighbors decidedly UNSAFE. Plz speak out for IN more loudly and harshly against this ban
thank you for the update and speaking up. Please work with your Republican colleagues to reject Trump's executive order.
Thank you for this statement. Please speak out; we hoosiers have got your back.
please do not speak as if we are a monolithic group and all agree with you.
please put actions behind your words. Stand up to this!
Please - you need to speak this LOUDLY!!!!!
is allowing Muslims from some countries and blocking all faiths from terror torn countries un-American?
Please apply vigor to your wise stance by actively resisting nasty edicts.
so please stop executive orders! You were elected to write laws... not Trump.
Thank you, Senator. But what is the plan of action moving forward!? Complacency will only mean this continues to happen
thank you for speaking against this. Please continue to fight it.
Thank you.  The EO goes against everything America stands for.
This Indianapolis voter thanks you, Senator! Please do whatever is in your power to fight discrimination in all forms.
you can do better than a tepid statement. Also stop approving Trump's malevolent cabinet. #NoBanNoWall
so what are you going to do to help stop this mess from spreading?
then what are you actually going to *do* about it?
thank you do much for this statement! Keep it up!
.@SenDonnelly that is an encouraging stance. Eager to hear what action you might take and what others can do to help.
what are you doing about it Senator?
Enough! Shut them down.
I know! Vote to approve a few more of his cabinet appointments! That'll teach him!
I appreciate your speaking out against this.  However, I don't believe this is in strong enough terms.  This is despicable.
thank you! I was concerned our reps would follow Trump & Pence. Stand up against #MuslimBan be loud!!
please do what's right.  Fight this.  This is not who we are as a nation.
That sounds dandy. What are you actually going to do about it!? Words aren't enough anymore.
stop this ban!!!
Thank you
We need your leadership, Joe!
this is awesome! Thank you for taking a stand.
.@SenDonnelly Great to hear. What are you doing about it? Hoosiers are watching!
Then would you please stand up against it.
thank you. Stand up for American Values. STAND UP now against Trump.
Thank you for standing up and denouncing the un-American stance taken by POTUS. Please do even more of it, more vocally.
i'm not a big fan of republicans but i'm glad you're almost saying that the #MuslimBan is unconstitutional, evil, and wrong
please fight for us! STAND UP for what is right! Stop Trump from destroying our country!
Thank you, Joe, now get to work to fix it!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for speaking out against @realDonaldTrump immigration ban. Will you introduce legislation to counteract his order?
Please do something about it.
Thank you, Senator. Are you going to do anything about it?
Please speak out directly to POTUS!
what can be done to nullify that executive order?
do something!!!!!
Dan Coats was all for executive orders banning refugees
THEN DO SOMETHING!!!!!!!
We agree with you. Now get in there and kick some ass.
Thank you! I looked for the same American value and concern for safety from @SenToddYoung  Sane (fearful) folks need patriots!
Thank you for your stance @SenDonnelly. Hold this regime's feet to the fire. Muster the ranks and lead them.
Thank you!
you need to say and do more. Unacceptable! #MuslimBan #RefugeeBan
as your constituent I'd like to say thank you for your statement.
So what are you doing to fight it??
So what the hell are you doing about it @SenDonnelly ??
(2/2) The executive order that was signed yesterday by President Trump is not one of those ways. -Joe
Thank you for these statements. #MuslimBan
Please, stand up to him!
Thank you for saying so. How do we stop the insanity?
illegals need rigorous process especially those  from countries that seek to do us harm. We must protect our citizens first!
you said you wanted to work with Pres all I see from you is liberal pushback
You need to stand up and unequivocally state that you are against the #MuslimBan . Anything less is unacceptable
Temporarily banning immigration is a good idea because of the terrorist strikes here in the U.S. I support President Trump.
That's great, Joe?  What are you doing TODAY, right now to stop this?? And voting for the interests of big pharma isn't it.
Thank you for speaking out against horrific EO. Keep doing so and have the courage to take action on behalf of compassion.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator. The religious preference is the most horrifying part of the EO. This is not who we are or what we stand for
we NEED you, and your Dem and GOP brother and sister Senators to ACT NOW to stop this unqualified monster. Wk 1 has sucked!
PLEASE make your voice heard and find other like minded Senators to fight with you!!
Thank you. This administration is a train wreck. PLEASE use your position to save us from this insanity.
can you lead your proud fellow Hoosiers against this tyrant? What do we do, Mr. Donelly?
Yes, thanks. And please pay attention to the number of people who are agreeing vs disagreeing and represent accordingly.
then start standing up to this fascist!
Thank you Senator Donnelly, from IN-8!  I very much appreciate you speaking up today.
Thank you, @SenDonnelly Is there anything Congress can do to assist the people with valid visas and green cards now in limbo at our airports
thank you Senator. We have to stop this madness perpetrated by this man.
This Hoosier thanks you!
please keep it up Senator Donnelly! Raise your voice in the Senate.
Then fight it Joe! Stand up to him! You are there to fight for us! #Matt25:40!
thank you Senator Donnelly
Thank you! I am proud to know you!
what will you do senator???

Instead of sharing false memes u could do research & see it was repealed in the 1800s
Thank you, Senator... you have support here.
then do something to stop all of this insanity!
Will you fight the #MuslimBan Senator? Speak up in the Senate? On television? In Indiana? What will you DO?
Thank you Joe! You rock!
Thank you Sen Donnelly. It's important for moderates like you to stand up. People are literally stranded at airports right now.
