Disgusting that too many people have to purchase insurance they can't afford. Otherwise  Dems have IRS drop the hammer on them. #Shame
Make the healthcare bill less taxing to us Hoosiers by abolishing funds to PP for abortions, offering contraceptives with taxpayer funding.
now you put me on the same level as the veterans administration where our vets are dieing waiting to see a doctor.
In your socialist rhetoric you failed to want input from the taxpayers. Maybe you should think about us for once.
Thanks for voting no. #NoTrumpCare
Thank you, Joe. Proud you're my Senator!
I will not vote for you ever again. Get on the agenda of Trump or get voted out!!!!! Mad middle class female!
Joe Donnelly is a Bum, #AnyoneButJoein2018
This thing should have never been enacted to begin with. At very least it should be repealed regardless of what, if anything replaces it.
The Republican as a whole don't see the harm they are doing to save them selves some taxes.
We must eliminate this mess and allow the free market to thrive @SenDonnelly.  Hoosiers thrive on strong business, not because gov makes it.
as part of a fed gov that is way to big,your health care coverage will become a disaster,just like welfare,ssn that is bankrupt.ect.
So instead of being a Maverick like another Senator, you voted 4 the terrible status quo & remained partisan.  OCare must go!  Sad!  Thanks!
Explain how forcing 350,000+ Hoosiers to lose insurance and gutting Medicaid is a good thing?  Support ACA, and it will work.
letting people make a choice is not forcing them to do anything all Donnelly cares about is big insurance money
Thanks, @SenDonnelly!
Amen Those people on medicaid who can work should be dropped
This entire statement is fluff words. No substance. Typical DC politicking...
Thank you Senator for being a voice for the people.  Please fix the ACA or provide a public option.  #fixtheaca
Thank you, Senator. As we commend senators McCain, Murkowski, and Collins, let's remember that all 48 Democratic senators held firm too
Senator as a physician and Hoosier I want to personally thank you for your courage. We've got your back too. Thank you!

If Schumer continues to be an obstructionist, you take the first step to work with Republicans. Draft a healthcare plan that helps everyone.
When Obamacare collapses, we will remember you, Joe.
80,000 Hoosiers will lose their insurance this year. Thank you Joe Great Job...Party before Hoosiers!     Messer for Senate!!
Which amendments did you offer in your bid to work with the GOP?  None. Find solutions or shut up!
Voting against you in November
Thank you. Happy to support you in 2018 and help however I can!
Thanks, @SenDonnelly, for showing leadership, compassion.
Thank you!!! 
Thank you @SenDonnelly for continuing to fight for Hoosier families!
you have never once worked together you let Indiana down again your a party line hack following Sanders down the road to unemployment
Thank you for your vote last night. That took courage. Now let's work across the aisle to #FixACA
Appreciated how loud your "No" was tonight, Joe. Thank you.
Me, too! Loud and clear...just like @SenToddYoung 's 'aye'. #HoosiersRWatching
Excellent statement. This issue should be above political sides and should aim to  improve our healthcare system. Period. Thank U for vote.
Words cannot express how I so dislike ur stand against Hoosiers and support failing Obama Care. If u have no ideas support those who do.
Let's work together: end congressional ACA waivers.  When you and your staffs are on Obamacare plans you will know what it's like out here.
Thank you!
bipartisan doesn't mean always siding with Chuck Schumer Joe
THANK YOU Senator.  Just signed up to help in 2018.  This madness HAS TO STOP.
Thank you, Senator! This bill didn't solve anything.
Sir, you have our undying support!  THANK YOU!
Thank you Senator Donnelly.
Thank you, Sen. Donnelly! You listened to your constituents unlike @SenToddYoung. Your morals and ethics are appreciated.
Thanks Joe!!!
Ignorance playing to the masses. Let Scaramucci educate you
.@Scaramucci: "Whether it's repeal and replace or repeal and delay," we are moving to "freer system" of health care 
Hey, #Indiana, join me in thanking @SenDonnelly for protecting #HoosierHealthcare!
I still don't trust him
Thank Sen Joe Donnelly for voting no and stopping republicans from PASSING The Skinny Repeal. Get some sleep you deserve it
Thank you, Senator.
Thanks, Joe
Thank you Joe.
Unlike the harm being done now because of the Dems and Obama Care
I've been a wobbly supporter due to our differences on repro rights. Those persist, but your ACA votes have turned my support rock solid.
Thank you. Hoosiers spoke out. I'm glad at least you listened.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you for protecting the Indiana lives that you represent!
No surprise by Joe's vote, he is there to represent his party not Hoosiers. Total Chuck Schumer yes man...
Thank you, Joe. Thank you so much.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you
Thank you!
Sounds great as long as I don't have to pay for it you take enough of my paycheck
Thank you so much for caring about Hoosiers last night!  You have my vote and support.
Thank you!
@SenToddYoung You 2 have worked together before - pls do so again on this. Address the items mentioned in this statement to repair the ACA.
Thank you for standing up for Hoosiers, Senator!
Party Tool @SenToddYoung voted YES to rip healthcare  from people for a fucking TAX BREAK! If @RepLukeMesser gets into senate guess his vote
Thank you, Joe!! I will remember how you fought for us come election time!  
Classy.
Thank you. Now to keep the administration from gutting the ACA. Go get em.
While I'm glad you voted that way, we need #SinglePayerNow. It's the only way.
Ty sir!
Thank you!
Thank you for voting No.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you senator. You have my vote in the next election
Thank you for standing up and protecting health care for Hoosiers, Senator Donnelly.
God bless you for everything you've done for Hoosiers this week. Thank you, thank you! Won't forget it!
Just fix the ACA. Starting over is stupid. Expand Medicaid and no more opt outs for states. Part of the problem. It must be uniform to work.
thank you senator, this is what Hoosiers want.
Thank you!
Thanks, Joe!
Thank you for your vote.

Thank you!!!
Thank you for your vote Senator!
Thank you. I will be donating, vote banking, knocking on doors, and voting for you in 18.
me too!
Thank you, Sir!
It's like the people are waking up to the paper tiger who is our President. If only the @GOP decided #EnoughIsEnough with this guy.
