You forget just how widely popular Trump was in the state you represent. Democrats crossed over to vote for him!
Also, do you believe that everyone in the world has a positive right to enter our country?
@Juniper2082 We are holding all accountable that do not stop this man.
@dansturn_rage  our new cry Don't forget 2018 is coming! We the people won't forget!
I'm predicting 6 months. I still believe there are some Americans that happen to be Republican. #impeach #resist
Count me as one.  The people who are gonna stop this strongman are indeed us #republicansforhillary.
Thank you Dan ! I knew they were out there . Real Americans. #Doitforourcountry #impeach #TheResistance
Please stop the illegal and unconstitutional ban on immigrants. Why is there no ban on countries with business ties to Drumpf?
YOU will be voted out @SenDonnelly! TAKE A STAND and stop tip-toeing!!
Joe doesn't know the Constitution and what is lawful for Mr. Trump to do. As a Senator his education is lacking.
@SenDonnelly  Puts the profits of @EliLillyCo  ahead of the needs of the people he represents. Good luck in 2018. #JusticeDemocrats
"our values"? *Anything* that keeps my daughter from being killed by a foreign terrorist is a good idea. #DontHate #Repatriate
THANK YOU.
There is no Muslim ban stop being ignorant!!!!
If so, where is this right in the Constitution?
Do you think that mass rape is consistent with our values? Check out what's going on in Europe with the "refugees"?
as a constiuent from St. Joe County, thank you for this statement and follow through!
Thank you @SenDonnelly from one of your constituents.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!
Please continue to stand up to this sociopath who is trashing our Constitution and our American values.
thank you for standing up and not supporting ban
kudos
More people died in #chicago last night than #detained at #airports.  Which #LibDem cares????  #nobannowall #yesbanyeswall #turmp #maga
Thank you for standing on the right side of history!
Thank you for opposing the ban! #NoBanNoWall
As one of your constituents, I am proud of you for fighting back on this issue. Keep pushing. Our democracy is in the balance.
Thank you for opposing Trump's Muslim ban. You did the right thing!
thank you. This #MuslimBan is cruel.
Thanks for leading!
Thank you for opposing the Muslim ban. I'm proud to have you as my Senator on this issue!
Sp impeach Trump Please
Thank you!
thank you. I become a Hoosier next month, and I support your opposition of the #MuslimBan
If there is a way to impeach Trump, I hope you will support that. He is not conducive to American values.
That is what President Trump is trying to. Get on board. Thanks
#resist this man. He is a megalomaniac.
Thank you Senator Donnelly, I was afraid you would kiss up to Pense and make our state shake their heads #nomuslinban
As a long time resident of Indiana I am proud to support my Democratic Senator.
THANK YOU!!!! Your actions shore up my faith in our country.
Thank you for opposing the ban on immigrants. Unconstitutional. Wrong. Mean.
Thank you for speaking out!
Thank you Senator Donnelly. It's great to show the world that not all Hoosiers are intolerant.
Thank you for standing up for refugees!
thank you for your opposition to this EO and #MuslimBan
Thank you for standing up to our values, let alone our constitution.  We must continue to battle adversity, and dictatorship.
Your statement is sounding very weak. The New York judge found Trump's executive order ILLEGAL. No outrage or empathy?
You're so right. He's endangering this country, not protecting it. Not to mention violating the Constitution, another danger.
Thank you @SenDonnelly for standing up to Trump's tyranny.
speak those values loudly and clearly. Be bold, be a leader!  This is a good start.
I voted for you and I expect you to hold him accountable for that EO.
Joe...you're a buffoon sir.
Please work to do that! Hold POTUS accountable! Fight for our freedoms! Work w/colleagues to stop future EO overreach! TY!
trump cannot be this impulsive. This is an American travesty
Why are you voting for ANY of Trump's cabinet?
Impeach @realDonaldTrump @POTUS before it's too late.
Please Senator Donnelly, make our Hoosier voices heard! We are a nation of immigrants. This EO is UnAmerican!
thank you, Senator for speaking out against a hateful exec order blocking lawful and vetted immigrants to enter the US
damnit Joe, tell these folks,"im mad as hell and im mot going to take it anymore!"  I voted for you.  Do something about this!
Thanks.  We're nation of immigrants must find a way to make our country safe while staying true to values #resist #NoBanNoWall
please then offer your brilliant word
patriotism does not equal racism @POTUS @VP #notmySenator #BuildTheWall #MAGA #taxpayer
I Agree. I also agree that the Executive Order signed yesterday is not one of those ways #IN05
(1/2) We can make our country even safer and do so in a way that is consistent with our values. -Joe
So get Congress to DO SOMETHING
#illegalimmigrant killed 2 innocent women in Louisville Oct '16 never caught...those values? @POTUS @VP #BuildTheWall #MAGA
So when are you going to call for extreme vetting of terrorists buying assault weapons?

#TheResistance is watching.
Problem is Dem values have place America in the mess we have today. 8 yrs and nothing fixed, many cases worst!
Aunt murdered by an #illegalimmigrant found 11 yrs later living comfortably in CA. To whose values are you referring? @POTUS
I disagree, along with security issue we should make sure that our veterans and citizens are cared for. limited resources.#MAGA
Thank you for making a statement for what's right! Hoosiers needed to hear this!
Thank you Joe! You rock!
Stand and be counted!
