Very disappointed
How can you support a tax plan that will be nothing but a windfall for the top 1%?
Did Trump/Putin offer u some shares of Rosneft, or u just down for screwing most Americans for Mercer $$$?
GOP #GoldBullionTaxBreak --u r siding w rampant inequality & #PoliteHate
No honor for this President. Shameful!
Please be careful! Fight for Seniors
Remind him that his "base" is not Goldman Sach cronies & tax loophole artists. Perhaps 'new' reform means he'll disclose  taxes and own up?
All of you people claiming this plan is bad for middle-class should read it before speaking. Your clueless about it's content.
This tax plan is all about middle-class you better support it or start look for new employment.
Not an "honor" to stand with an individual who should be removed from office.
We'll remember this garbage move of yours come '18 primary. #complicit #dontdoitJoe #dino #dontnormalizenazis You don't want to be #VichyJoe
Just remember how easy he is to manipulate and that he tends to fixate on the last thing said to him. Good luck!
Seriously.  Stop the third person.
Care to elaborate on this? “It’s an honor to welcome President Trump to Indiana"
Let's Go to the speech and  #TakeAKnee !
Please distance yourself from this dangerous man. No good - for your prospects or Indiana - will come from a connection.
The tax cut proposal by the Rs, including @realDonaldTrump accomplish none of your goals. Tax cut for 1%, raise tax rate on lowest earners.
The Rs want to fund their tax cut by cutting SS & Medicare. How do folks in Indiana feel about their SS being cut? You're being used.
Get on the Trump Train
Boo hiss!
It saddens me that you feel you must stand on the same stage with that individual.
Honored?! Joe, are you not paying attention to what this 'thing' is doing?! He's an embarrassment to our country and deserves no honor
Trump is a disgrace but you have to do what you have to do. Thanks for holding your nose and doing your job Joe.
Hey Joe, sure cutting taxes for millionaires always work,,,, for them. 
An honor,,, give me a break, he's a con man at best. Not my Pres.
Will you point out to Trump that R tax plan does none of the highlighted things?
The #trumptax plan will enrich the rich and screw others.
Continue to stand for the people Senator Donnelly! #Indiana!
That’s Joe’s problem
Are you going to vote for the bill to help us Hoosiers or are you going to follow Chuck Schumer and turn your back on us AGAIN?
Seniors (fxd inc.)NEED MAJOR TaxCut! MCR takes increase. INCOME <$45,000 Shouldn't pay Inc Tx. Lower IRA/Annuity distrbution Tx. NEED COLA!
You are #complicit. Not sure you will survive in 2018. You help him give massive tax cuts to the wealthy in exchange for.... ?? Nothing.
Like everything about this statement except for the word honor. I'm not the least bit pleased that horrible man is coming to INDIANA.
Shame on you
Don’t you dare cave to that buffoon. Hold to these principles.
@N_Indiana_DSA @SoInd_DSA unopposed? Really?
I bet you secretly wanted to vote for trumpcare. DINO
No way.. joe is an obstructionist! He best change sides
And what will you do, Senator, when the tax bill that is actually proposed is exactly the opposite of what you believe it should be?
While people in Puerto Rico are suffering.
An Honor?  NoNoNo. Do not do that, Joe!  Don't support this catastrophe!
This is desperation b/c you know you're in a bod position in 18 election. Should have stepped aside and let somebody run who has a chance.
The  is a trickster, liar, buffoon, narcissistic psychopath.  He wants to manipulate his puppets, don't fall for it!
As a Hoosier and voter, I am opposed to you dignifying that twat or the shit tax plan.
Gross
Please throw up on him.
Don't fall for his bullshit!
I'll definitely be sure to stand up my 'Dump Joe' signs on a busy county road very soon.
Can you please tell him that we don't agree with any of his ideas as his only intent is to create more personal wealth while costing the middle class taxpayer more and not doing anything for lower class America?
An honor? Don't pretend this is normal. My children are watching you and your support of a President who grabs pussies & calls people SOBs.
Why. Why Joe. Standing by Trump won’t get any republicans to vote for you in 2018. John Doe (R) will get those votes.
And you *know* his tax reform bill won’t do any of the (reasonable, moderate) things you ask for!
Careful Joe......  none of us trust trump a bit!
Really?? Maybe hope for you yet?? Let’s see !
I'll give you a dollar if you push him down the stairs
Problem is the top one percent will get $35,000 tax cuts for every $1 middle class gets. What is needed is an elimination of all deductions.
You'll be judged by your reaction to what Trump says while in IN. I know you are walking a fine line in this red state, but don't back down
So your against the cut for the top bracket then?
An honor?!? You can't be serious. There is nothing honorable about that man. Bad, horrible, awful decision on your part to use the term.
You should be working on impeaching 45, gross negligence and treason but keep sucking his and Pences dicks, Nancy will show u  how
Primary Joe Donnelly
I hope this is your last term....
Agree or disagree, I'm glad you're there representing Indiana when the president shows up. Thanks for being a "grown up"
Oh dear god- really?
Don't.
SHAME ON YOU!!!!!  He is trying to take Away 1st Amendment Rights!!!  He is Unstable!!  How Dare you Stand Anywhere Near Him!!!
He will try to screw us all. An honor? Please don't make me sick!
I am So Angry I am Shaking!!!  How DARE he honor that Megalomaniac!!!  Joe May Not be my man!!  STOOGE!!!
No surprise here: GOP’s tax plan cuts taxes for millionaires and does so at the expense of everyone else.
Corporate Tax Cuts Don’t Create Jobs, They Enrich CEOs | The Nation
A Wealthy Capitalist on Why Money Doesn't Trickle Down http://bit.ly/2u9C4Bf  via @BillMoyersHQ
Trickle-down economics is the greatest broken promise of our lifetime | Alex Andreou
Trump budget replicates disastrous Kansas approach. This won’t end well.
How Minnesota's governor performed an economic miracle by raising tax on the rich and increasing minimum wage
Reverse-Trump Tax Policies Lead To Economic Boom in Sweden
Trump is a clueless #Dotard. Does he even read these bills? Trump speaking is a joke.
When are we going to get a primary?
That’s polite and all, but an honor?
Joe Joe Joe. It's this shit right here. Doesn't help that DINO rep. Stop
#HealthcareForAll
There is no reason to be giving Trump your support. You legitimize him, for what? It's just tax cuts for the rich. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/09/25/trumps-tax-reform-looks-like-tax-cuts-for-the-rich/?utm_term=.1013761e1fa2 …
Joe, it's not an honor for this Hoosier.
Tax proposals need to benefit workers & middle, but also raise more revenue overall, add some brackets at the top, & tax wealth more.
We are neglecting problems, (climate), and creating new ones, (education), because GOP wants to strangle government. It's a trend we...
should reverse. Ignoring climate is proving to be very expensive, and will only become more so. Fires, floods, stronger hurricanes. More $
The GOP's tax plan is unfair to low and middle income families. Please make sure that any tax reform is not just a giveaway to the rich.
Trump has to figure how to raise tax on lower income to make up for $ BILLION shortage if Graham-Cassidy doesn't go thru



Complicit. This president embarrasses us every day. There is no honor.

