So vote against proceeding to open debate to improve HC? Makes no sense imo
It's partisan to improve health care? Dems obstructed everything either get on board for Americans or stop complaining

Never 

Lol ok I can take it but let's agree to disagree
Thank you!  Keep fighting our healthcare.
Fighting for healthcare??? But won't give yes vote to discuss bill that could repeal bill that was never discussed or read before passing?
are you talking about obamacare? that bill was discussed and read and litigated over a year before passing. nice try though.
town halls, news events, obama even had a GOP town hall to talk about it. on air. numerous amendments by GOP. passed 2x in both houses.
Conservatives lie, it's what they do, always. #GOPlies #GOPcrimes
Thank you for being the one senator from Indiana who believes ALL Hoosiers deserve affordable healthcare. #TYshouldbeashamed
States aren't making any progress on providing "affordable" healthcare. Because Obamacare is a failure. Premiums, deductibles way up!
Repeal Obamacare! It's a mandate from we the people.
Thank you!!
I wish more Senators on both sides were more like you
Can you talk some sense into @SenToddYoung
Obamacare is on you sir. You own it and you've chosen to go down with it.
Thank you!
7 yrs ago your party made it a partisan process,to jam Ocare through.at the expense of http://taxpayers.now  you tax & spend libs complain
Jam it through? After two years of hearings and debates and amendments? Stop watching Fox news.
You must have conveniently forgotten you must vote on it before you can read it that is jammed through one year after Obama got elected
Thank you from my sister who is too busy taking care of central Indiana's neediest as a mental health counsellor to thank you herself.
#NoRepeal #FixACA
Please fight on. We need you.
Really?  Maybe you should try this AHC!! Oh no you have your own special insurance, I bet you don't have to fight to have surgeries done!!!!
You don't stand for this Hoosier!
Thank you Joe at least one of our Senators stands by the people of this state.
Thank you for representing Indiana's most vulnerable -- our sick, elderly, disabled, and our children. God bless you.
Thank you for voting no on ACA. Single payer only way to go. Taking profit out of health insurance biz is only rational approach!!!
Disappointed that u don't want to fix it and not even debate the issue
We the people see Joe. Messer for senate.  Time to campaign. Dems destroyed this country
you couldn't even vote to continue discussions Joe your in no way bipartisan you do whatever Sanders and Warren tell you to do
You need to stand with our president! 
No negotiating with hypocrites, no changes to ACA, unless single payer. Keep fighting, no compromise.
I did not see you vote to proceed with the new healthcare; you are not representing IN when you do not@vote yes for proceeding!
if you vote to repeal AFA, bend over and kiss your a.. bye bye.  You and every other rep. who show their evil intent.
LET ME ZIP UP MY ZIPPER AND YOU CAN FIGHT FOR AIR. YOU PASSED THAT OBAMA GARBAGE/ NOW WERE GONNA TAKE IT APART.
You have to be invited to do your job? Grow a set and step up anf force the discussion. Stop making excuses.
Thank you Sen. Donnelly for standing up for Hoosiers against the McConnell monstrosity.
Thanks for standing up to the new style bullies in Washington.  Please remember that most (educated) people stand behind you.
MY senator. Thank you!
Thank you for listening to your constituents Senator Donnelly and for the returned email. It is appreciated as an Alzheimer's advocate. 
Thank you
Thank you Joe! It would be devastating fir millions of Americans if that bill passed.
Thank you for listening to your fellow Hoosiers by voting "NO" @SenDonnelly
so many Soros paid trolls hope you do your research when believing these tweets 
As you retweet "someone" with no avatar and 0 followers. God, you're ridiculous.
common core can't read? Better look again unless you are a typical libtard who knowingly lies
This crazy woman literally gets her news from a site that says Sandy Hook was a hoax and Hillary runs child sex ring. You're insane, lady!
stop watching MSM it's rotting your brain do some research/critical thinking...oh I forgot common core sorry
You think Sandy Hook was faked by the government. You belong in an institution. And you appear to be a middle aged woman - enough w/ emojis.
Sandy Hook WAS faked by the government.  Maturity is acceptance of facts.
Your tin foil is on too tight. Seek help.
Thank you. The Patient Protection And Affordable Care Act may not be perfect, but it's been so important for so many.
Keep fighting for us.
Thank you for fighting for us.
A vote against a motion to proceed is really a vote for ObamaCare. Bye, won't be seeing you after 2018.
So glad to hear it! I called this evening and left two voicemails but it seems Sen. Donnelly is on the ball about this 
He's in last years of his term
Thank you for listening to us and for fighting to protect our healthcare!
Why would anyone in their right mind turn to the party that gave us failing ObamaCare w/o bipartisan support? #PartyMan #VoteHimOut
Thank you. I don't want to go back to insurance that doesn't really cover anything. #healthcare
You do not represent Indiana or Indiana values. You tow the chuck Schumer resist and obstruct line to the bitter end!
I appreciate your fight, Joe. Keep it alive.
Thank you. We will remember during election time.
Good. Thank you for doing your job.
Thank you, Joe. Proud you're my senator.
Thank you,  Senator Donnelly.
Remember the last democrat to represent Indiana in the senate? He couldn't even run for reelection because of his record. You're next.
Thank you!!
Can't wait to vote against you!
Thank you for continuing to fight! You are the best representative I have in either house of Congress and I am proud of that fact.
Thank you Joe for fighting for us. I wish @SenToddYoung cared about ALL Hoosiers having healthcare instead of caving into big donors.
Your up for re election and you didn't stand up for your constituents. Time for you to go away.
Joe, Hoosiers won't stand for those kind of votes. Obama Joe!
Thank you Joe. It's nice to have a Senator to represent us. @SenToddYoung
Love you, Joe!
Thank you.
Thank you Senator!
Not a good way to get re elected> Shame on you! Towing the party line against the wishes & best interest of USA citizens!!
Thank you.
Are you really this ignorant or are you playing some kind of game. They have no regard for the lives of millions of Americans. Fight them!!!
Who is more popular in Indiana Donnelly or Bayh?
But wait, I thought he was "BiPartisan Joe"?  You mean he only votes the Democratic Line?
I think it's really smart to not debate improvements to healthcare & not bring forward any fresh ideas. Good for you Joe you-just obstruct.
Thank you for your vote!
Thank you for representing us as usual.
THANK YOU. Other comments must be from people who don't need Medicaid. It's literally life and death for me and Repubs couldn't care less.
I don't need medicaid, but I know it's needed and a repeal affects all with insurance!
So true, Mary.
Please keep fighting! thank you on behalf of my patients.
Your days are #'d joey.
YOUR A FOLLOWER OF CHRIST???  You have got to be Kidding??  You don't even have a clue who Jesus was!!!
Thank you
we need all the help we can get it's a sad day in America
Thank you for listening to the voters instead of big donors.
While his family uses Mexican Labor to gain more Wealth
Thank you Senator Donnelly.  Thank you for listening.  Thank you for replying to my letters.  Thank you for standing up for your people.
I just called your office to express my thanks for your vote
Thank you Joe.  Keep fighting!
Thank you!
