You give amnesty, more will come looking for amnesty! STOP GIVING OUR COUNTRY AWAY!
Where is @SenToddYoung's statement to work on a bipartisan immigration policy? #DefendDACA
Obama made and illegal executive decision in 2016.  To influence the election.
Since when is anyone above the law
If you want my hoosier vote, you'll need to back ready up with action.
you voted against it in the house, @SenDonnelly.
"On the one hand blah, on the other hand blah - how's my base vote looking?"
If my house was foreclosed on and I raised my kids there, does that mean that they can stay? NO! They would have to leave! #ENDDACA
Please support #DACA Our faith leaders support DACA, and our @DisciplesNews denominational headquarters is in Indiana.  #DreamAct  Thanks!
Proof that supporting rule of law doesn't mean checking your compassion at the door. Thank you, Senator Joe!
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Thank you, Senator Donnelly for standing up for #DACA; proud to be a Hoosier knowing that we recognize our immigrant communities
We do support our immigrant communities - our LEGAL IMMIGRANT communities.
Good for you Joe  
If a man and his 12 year old child broke into your home, you'd hVe him Arrested. If a man and his 12 year old son illegally enter nothing
Protect these kids.
You voted against the DREAM Act in 2010. I expect you to speak loudly and clearly on your new position!
Thank you! Please find a fair and compassionate approach. Fix the immigration system in a bipartisan way.
Voting you out Joe, did you not notice the election results last year?  Citizens are tired of the illegal acts by Obama, time to go Joe.
Send them back to witch they came
How can you bash immigrants when you don't even know proper English? You used witch for which and the word that you should've used is where
Didn't you vote AGAINST DACA? Change in tune with those midterms coming up? #SaveDACA
Just braining storming here: rather than deport 800K residents, it is better to "deport" just two people - Sessions and Mr T.
Thank you for your statement in support of #DACA. We must protect our friends and neighbors!
Correct me if I'm wrong but as a House of Rep, didn't u vote against #DACA and now u want to #DefendaDACA  & #DacaDreamers?? #DoesntAddUp
Many conservatives are too politically blind to see ending DACA will harm the economy of their home districts.  Deport Mrs. Trump!
Harm the economy? NEGATIVE. Opens jobs & welfare money for actual CITIZENS
Thank you!  I don't understand why anyone is adhesions this.
Probably has something to do with the fact they broke the law.
Does this mean you support the #DreamAct? I hope so.
Thank you!
I don't know why half of our congressional body obsess w/DACA Dreamers, while not caring about American dreams?  22% Amcn live below poverty
So many issues form O's admn, Lynch, Comey, IRS, unmasking, & Wassermans criminal IT Tech sharing secrets.  But U only have time for DACA?
Go talk to your Senator. Joe works for Hoosiers.
I did, directly; email and letter.  He responded with a pre written, left wing, political dissertation.  He is a Swamp dweller, works for $$
Y does Congress continue to allow Pharma to hold a monopoly against Medicare.  I wrote U, U danced around question.  Y don't U fix?  SWAMPER
Don't recall U ever taking action 2 make a permanent congressional, answer 2  this problem?  Now, Hill loses & DACA is dear to heart?  BS!
Dens and DACA is nothing more than buying votes.  You use compassion to shame conservatives but the evidence of your intention is clear.
Calif, 11 counties had more votes cast than voters of voting age, 143%.  Where do U think those votes came from?  We're not stupid!
Not a single conservative believes you R more compassionate than we R.  The Dem issue, salvaging illegal votes from those indebted by DACA!
It is time to return to our rule of law and especially our Constitution.  U took oath to uphold those values, not pander 4 illegal votes.
70K unaccompanied minors cross our border annually.  Where are the parents?  Who broke their family?  They did!  O has a agency for 70K too!
According 2 O, we shld shelter kids brought here as minors, then give amnesty 2 parents 2 maintain the family unit? Then what grandparents?
Joe is a Swamp Dweller.  He repeatedly dodges direct questions in correspondence.  Vote him out in 2018.  No time 4 citizens, only illegals!
No answer about Medicare being monopolized by Drug Industry, but U have plenty of time 4 illegals?  We want DACA to end, then put a wall up!
Joe, emailed U re: drug monopoly against Medicare (Med Mod Act) and when will U fix it?  U totally ducked the question.  Does Pharma own U?
Then write the damn legislation instead of just complaining!! Lead by example or retire!!
I do think it's time he gets voted out. Any ideas who is running against him next year?
I agree!
Yes. By all means let's reward those that break the law. Why are laws just for Legal Americans?
Can we count on you? You had a chance to support DREAM Act in 2010 & voted no! Your record supporting Hoosier immigrants is spotty at best.
This is a slap in the face to all of us who followed every single law and regulation to get here legally.
I support, one bill at a time, not bills tied to one another that only bog down congress and turn into political fights. #onebillatatime.
Agreed.
Thank you
You do know you wont win re election if this happen Joe
Thanks @SenDonnelly for protecting young people who have grown up in America
Thank you for standing behind our #DREAMERS #DefendDACA
As long as parents leave and zero crimes would the only way to start a conversation

Yes!!
The only reason elites want illegal labor is to skirt american laws and drive down labor ... we have seen this before. pure oligarchy greed
Indiana is not their home, it is where they live thanks to their illegal parents. start them on citizenship path or send them back.
Thanks @SenDonnelly #HoosierHospitality @joerdelehanty
This begs the question: Then why haven't you done anything about it before now?!? Congress is the worst.. happy to sit back and collect $$$.
Thank you. As your constituent, I support the Dream Act as a replacement to DACA.
This is great, but do you have a specific plan that will prevent the repeal of DACA?
Thank you Joe #DefendDREAMers
Please educate people on what #DACA is & who #dacakids are. They took a chance, paid their fees & taxes, work, learn, & serve the USA 
Thank you, Joe. Please do that for these kids who have no home but America.
u can be up to 32 to sign up for DOCA. big corp isn't interested in "kids"
Try standing up for citizens and legal immigrants.  No daca no amnesty ever.
Do you realize that if your forbears had to jump thru the hoops immigrants have to jump thru today, you probably wouldn't be here *legally*?

B/c that's what my community wants. We will get that path towards citizenship. And it's gonna happen from pressure below. #ForTheMany 
There already is a path to citizenship. Follow it.
Oh you're right! Why didn't I think of that? All those 11 million people are just too lazy to do so b/c obviously there's a path! 
Not lazy, they just tried to cut in line before the people that were doing it the legal way.
Yes. Going through El Salvador, Honduras & Mexico risking literally your life, risking being rapped, etc is cutting in line. Gotcha 
Horrible things happen to illegal immigrants. They're taken advantage of. We need to cleanup & make the legal immigration process better.
Nope
Please support #DACA.
punish those who hire illegals they know what they are doing
Democrats and their corporate donors won't be happy until every job is filled by a low wage illegal immigrant #VoteThemOut #mexicojoe
The "illegals" aren't taking jobs.  Everyone else is passing on them.
Read Adiós America
Agreed!
Thats the plan. DACA should not have been an executive order. If you want it to be a law, let congress solve it
Thanks Joe! Kicking people out of the country who have lived here since childhood and done nothing wrong is monstrous.
wrong u can be 32 to get doca and not pay into welfare system a corporate scam
I think that if an illegal brings a kid here and the kid ends up alone, then US shld take him in. If here with parent he leaves with parent.
Thank you. I hope you will urge your other colleagues in the Senate and House to do the same.
