Thank you, Senator Donnelly!  @SenToddYoung's comment is an act of cowardice.
Absolutely right, Joe! Thank you!
Politics as usual. Had Hillary been president and fired Comey you would be singing praises.
And you?
Thank you and please push for a independent investigation and a special prosecutor now! #indivisiblehoosiers
What steps are you taking personally to ensure a special prosecutor is assigned?
thank you, Senator
A wise and sensible statement.
Thx joe
Thank you!
Good start. Now study this: 
https://justicedemocrats.com/Platform 
Absolutely agree.
Thank you, Senator Donnelly, for calling for a #SpecialProsecutor to protect our system of #ChecksAndBalances.
CC:@SenCoryGardner
Cmon Joe, join Schatz and declare a full blown constitutional crisis.  Please Joe, do it.  You owe it to Indianana.
Senate Republicans should not confirm any Trump pick for FBI Director until an independent prosecutor is appointed on Russia.
Do the right thing Joe - continue to demand an independent investigation w/special prosecutor!
Thank you!!! Russian interference in our election and possible collusion by Americans is a national security issue. Needs staffing/funding
Come on Joe that's ridiculous and what are we investigating everybody said there's been no proof for almost a year
You're slowly re-earning my vote after some of those cabinet votes. Keep the heat on trump, keep your senate seat.
Leftist 2016:  FIRE COMEY!
Obama: No!
Trump 2017:  I'll do it!
Leftist:  WATERGATE

Ring any bells Joe?
Thank you @SenDonnelly. Please fight to make this happen. This is our democracy at stake.
Now that is real courage. Our democracy is in jeopardy. Keep working for US.
Independent investigation! Yes! Please push for this.
As an IN resident and US citizen, I ask you to support your words with action. The American people demand and deserve it. cc: @SenToddYoung
As an Indiana voter I want to know more about why Hillary and her cronies are in jail!  Russia didn't interfere, We as voters woke up!!!
Shut up. Hillary is not the president. Ffs. I seriously doubt you live in Indiana or even the USA for that matter.
Thought special prosecutors were appointed when a crime is identified? Other than internal security leaks what crime has been committed?
Thank you Senator!!
I support your position 100%.  Anything less than a special prosecutor appointment will result in a compromised republic.
Propose an Independent Investigator.
Our family agrees with Pres Trump.
#liars #fakenews #NoPCFACHISTS
Couldn't agree more.
Independent investigation and special prosecutor is long overdue. Country over party
I agree with you joe.
We need a special prosecutor asap #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Thank you, Senator! The republic needs the truth, and only a truly independent investigation can give us the truth we need.
Thanks, Joe, for defending our democracy!
He should have been fired on Trump's first day.
Drain the Swamp!
Thank you for representing your constituents Sen. Donnelly.
Fake outrage. Comey was an obama hold-over. So long james. And you're next, joey.
Thank you!
Thank you senator!
@Propublica Please see Sen Donnelly's statement above.
Thank you.
We the American people deserves answers #POTUSTrump #FBIDirector #JamesComey
Thank you Sen Donnelly.
Keep up the pressure, and thank you!
Please, please, please work on getting rid of this train wreck we call POTUS #ComeyFiring #TheResistance #SpecialProsecutor
only now when it supports youre narrative can it happen
You could not overstate this.
Please pursue truth
UHG - just in time for political points, Joe? Waited to see what other Sen's had to say first?
Thank you, Senator Donnelly. @SenToddYoung Bueller? Bueller??
Special prosecutor. Now!
Appreciate it Joe
You'd better believe it, Joe!!!
Thank you, Senator.  We need an independent investigation & special prosecutor now!
Thank you Senator Donnelly! Follow through !
We do need a special prosecutor now! I'm tired of all the stalling. It seems our president thinks this is a kingdom and he is the king.
#JamesComey please support the assignment of an independent commission. This is so obvious. You're too close.
Shocking almost word for word what senator Schumer said. Apparently this is the party line. Joe you are a hack.
Thank you!
I am unhappy and deeply concerned regarding the firing of James Comey.
Could it be because treason would seriously jeopardize him, his cabinet and your parties political futures....hmmmm?
Can you please make that happen? Don't just talk about it- do it!
Independent investigation! We need Sam Irvin!!    Seriously, he needs to be impeached.
One would think so, but I wouldn't bet the farm on it.
You shall be next. #MAGA
Thank you, sir. I definitely agree.
Yes, on the special prosecutor. Raise your voice, Joe. We stand behind you 100%.  #IndivisibleHoosiers
Thanks Sen! This is an American issue, not a partisan one.
Yes!!!
Sir, Comey was dirty. He is not alone in the FBI. The investigation is not compromised.  I think that Sessions and the 2nd in command will d
Senator you have to stand up for Hoosier's and put an end to this joke of a presidency.it's clear what's going on here
Thank you, Senator Donnelly!!!
Like you called for a special prosecutor for HRC emails & foundation? I can't wait to vote you out!
Hero up, Joe.
Amen
Agreed,  no other investigation will ever be accepted by the American people. I will be monitoring your actions on this matter.
Thank you SenDonnelly!!!
Special Prosecutor now! Clearly an attempt to cover up #trumprussia
Joes got to go!!  Trumps draining the swamp, Indiana is not for the Nazi/Dems, Joe, renounce and become Rep or go
Trump is the swamp, and he is the one affiliated with Nazi's, for example Gorka
Thank you, Senator Donnelly for representing your constituents.
Thank you. Please keep fighting to make this happen.
kick that Dictator wanna be out of office, PLEASE!!!
Thank you! Now scream it to the rooftops and knock on every door on the Hill insisting on a Special Prosecutor!
Thank you Senator
Yes. The only remaining acceptable course of action is a special prosecutor, along with a bipartisan select committee.
start working on your GOP buddies, Joe.
You mean the ones who din't respond to constituents?
If they try to appoint a loyalist as the new Director then the powder keg gets lit. What form of government is this?
Now, if he would just have a town hall...
