Perhaps, you just committed 'Political Suicide'...see you in 2020 when I will do my best to see you lose your seat to an opposing Democrat!
Actually, I'll see you even earlier than that! How about 2018, you're gone!
Republicans have all 3 branches because they stuck together for 8 years. Dems is everyone for themselves. Donnelly is all about Donnelly
So disappointed in you; thought we could trust you. Here in Kokomo a local Attorney is running  for your seat, so him or Dem in the primary.
Part of your job as a DEM is to fight against Repugnican malfeasance + nihilism, NOT empower it.Ya need to do more research on Gorsuch.
Remember, we WILL vote you out for going against our best interests.  #Resizt
@GorsuchFacts very disappointing

Neil Gorsuch Speech at Trump Hotel Raises Ethical Questions https://nyti.ms/2v54GIq 
Eine andere Antwort hätte ich auch nicht akzeptiert.
... party traitor
I guess republicans can walk all over you!
Joe, thanks 4 acknowledging ur support for Gorsuch. Now we r letting u know, we will do everything in our power to make this ur last term.
You can still vote No tomorrow. You can protect your constituents. Please reconsider. 
#StopGorsuch
So disappointed in your decision.
Good choice. This is a judge who rules by the constitution which is fair to everyone. Judging emotionally leads to potential
discrimination
Pathetic sold out. You will not be reelected, regardless.
Mongolism...will be on the court
In the 19th and 20th centuries, people with Down syndrome were widely considered, by eugenicists, to be among the “unfit.”
mongolism is a weird ass racist eugenics word
Gorsuch is an origianlist, and everyone who understands the dynamic nature of the Constitution knows why this is problematic. You've failed.
Tay, @NRA is running TV ads in Indianapolis. That scares the Senator from Indiana Joe is worried about 2018
He has more to worry about now! Faithful Dems who trusted him to do the right thing will not forget 2018.
Shame. On. You.
Using the zero votes you have for Indiana's Senator as a New Yorker?
An Indiana D has to be a moderate to win. Really, so does an R. Donnelly has his seat because Rs primaried center-right Lugar w/Tea Partier.
I understand your point. 2018 will be an extraordinary year, however. We need to take chances and be on the right side of history.
Gorsuch is actually a big stare decisis guy - meaning he believes the Court shouldn't overturn its past self. That's a big deal.
And I'm not necessarily supportive of a primary. I just don't see this as helping him or liberal causes in what will be a good year for Dems
I try to keep big picture view. A Dem counts toward a majority, toward committees. Cabinet, SCOTUS and ACA reconciliation have shone a
Please reconsider!
You should NOT vote for him since you weren't able to vote for Obama's choice
thank you! He will make a great justice.
Sen Joe Donnelly thank U4 supporting the nomination of Judge Gorsuch! He's a good judge. I think he will see only the Law while on SCOTUS
As one of your constituents, I'm deeply disappointed. This will be an easy vote to remember when your primary comes around.
Traitors to USA. Changing rules to suit party over country. Shame on you. Shouldve at least voted on GARLAND. Gorsuch Illegitimate.
Gorsuch a BAD PICK,do  not support your wish to nominate him nor use of sneaky nuclear act to get him. Choose another or we'll vote u out.
Trump (an illegitimate president in office with the help of Russia) must be stopped from making ANY major changes to our gov't or judiciary.
Thankyou for doing the right thing. It takes courage in this environment to do that. You will retain your Senate seat for this.
High School kids are punished for this type of plagiarism.  Supreme Court Justice should be held to a higher standard than a cheating child.
This is not surprising. You're a DINO who has always been willing to sell out women.
Boo! I don't care how "consistently" you have said anything. Gorsuch is on the wrong side of history - and so are you!
Have you read his papers? Where is dark money? Don't sell us out to GORSUCH!
Excellent ex of serving the constituents of the state that you serve!  Keep up the great work!  Senator Lugar supported Kagen for scotus.
You vote yes I'll vote no 2018
@Sen_JoeManchin @SenatorHeitkamp RETHINK your support for Gorsuch. Your constituents do NOT agree and will remember your vote!
Disappointed in you, Senator.
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_58d6b3cce4b0c0980ac0e6b5 …?
You are WRONG!
You're a coward who's going to vote for an anti-civil rights, anti-labor Supreme Justice because you think it'll get you re-elected
Vote NO!
Thank you Sen Donnelly! You may just have earned my vote come 2018! More bipartisan will help increase that chance! Tired of playing sides!
You do not serve the people.
So sad to see that a candidate I believed in & voted for only cares about conservatives & men. Indiana lawmakers are a disgrace.
say it ain't so Joe! You piss me off so much, all the time I will never vote for you again.
You are a traitor to the people!
Boo! Boo! Shame on you!
Pls Sen Donnelly say no to Gorsich and his awlful decision making. He is not fair to American people, only corporations.

Phillip Anschutz(Heritage Foundation/Federalist Society/Coachella/HangoutMusicFest) Atty Gorsuch

Russian-Jew, Shaul Zislin(Hangout Alabama) 
I do believe Gorsuch is the best man for the very important *lifetime* appointment to the SCOTUS and urge you to reconsider your support.
You disappoint me Joe, they stole the Obama nomination and should be blocked even if is only symbolically.
You are out of your mind Joe!..I see you have fallen to the dark side..might as well move to ND with Heidi.
I am incredibly disappointed in my senator. I have supported him and volunteered on his campaigns in the past. Not again.
Which position in the administration has @POTUS @realDonaldTrump offered Donnelly?
ARE YOU GOING TO BE A DEM? OR A REPUB? DON'TRUN ON DEMOCRATIC TICKET IF YOU'RE VOTING W. REPUBS. I VOTED FOR YOU TO BE A DEMOCRAT..NOT REPUB
He was nominated by an illegitimate prez under FBI investigation. Vote for Gorsuch & I will contribute to your next opponent. #noprobenorobe
THANK YOU!!!
Joe please change your vote. Has the dark money entered into your pockets?
Let me reiterate what others have said. I am a constituent. Vote no on Gorsuch or support the filibuster. Don't betray us.
SAD!
That's why I voted straight republican with the exception of you sir.
Unfortunately Gorsuch seems to value corperation and institutions more than individuals.
I called your office Friday and asked you to join filibuster. Please listen to your constituents and reconsider your position.
What about the law of human compassion for that truck driver? He evaded the questions &was devoid of human compassion
TRAITOR. Hope you're voted out. I don't even care if a Republican beats you; you're a traitor to the Democratic Party & constituents anyway.
Coward and a traitor to modern society. In the "good old days", to quote your good friend Trump, there was only one thing we did to traitors
Note a good choice. No votes for you from me.
just let those republicans bully you on every turn and you are sure to win..... looooser!
I dont think you have one good comment Senator. Pity your nect election...unless you're. Hoping the Russians will help you!
Gorsuch is an absolutist and orginalist and is NOT a moderate Republican #fillibuster
So the DNC gave gave ya the thumbs up to vote for him. Looking at a tight race for reelection, huh?
  if you are wondering ... yes l, we will remember this in 2018 when you are up for re-election.
Very disappointing!  The last thing we need is another conservative judge & one who's record shows will side with business over workers.
Gorsuch is bad for America. Vote No. He's for corps and will hurt the people. Stand w/the Dems, be united. Nuclear option4 us.
I hope you're primaried
Democrats need to get rid of Donnelly and run a candidate who can stand up to corp. money and stand for workers.  #stolenseat
TRAITOR.
WTF? Have they got #Russian #kompromat on you from #DNC hack? HOW CAN YOU PROCEED on #Gorsuch w/ @WhiteHouse under CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION?
Terrible choice.   Merrick garland issue alone compels you to stand with your dem brothers and sisters in opposition.   Very disappointing.
Appreciate your going high when GOP gles low. Still, would be nice to exact some retribution for Garland fiasco.
If I lived in IN I'd invest in your opponent. I may do that anyway as I'm a neighbor. Gorsuch is anti-women, workers, disabled. Shame on you
Shame on you. He is NOT qualified to be be fair to us "little" people. He's for the big corporations only. I'm tired to Dems like you.
We will remember your decision and you will remember ours come November 2018.
Do you know Merrick Garland?! If not I can send you a link to #educateyourself
I believe the nomination belonged  to President Obama and not Donald trump. You represent me and I would like you to vote no.
What are you thinking? How can we trust that Gorsuch isn't being placed by PUTIN? We can't! #trumpTREASON #complicit #nextelection
The interesting part of this tweet is all of the dummycrat responses. Why do they have so much free time.. entitlements from working class.
You don't deserve a dime of Democratic donors' money- you're a Demo-fraud selling out the people to enrich the 1% just like every Republican
And I love that you think a judge who consistently rules for corporations over people and against those with disabilities is "qualified".
Thanks for rewarding GOP for refusing to hold a hearing on Merrick Garland. I am sure they won't try THAT again with tough guys like you
Oh wait....you are rolling over and letting them steal the seat with no repercussions. Nominated by POTUS under FBI investigation no less!!!
Really disappointing
FBI knows Trump is Putin's puppet. 
Trump helped Russian mob w/money laundering. 
GOP & you are rewarding his treason.
Excellent. Ty
Thank you for your support of Neil Gorsuch. I see you are a man who is in charge.
NO! NO! No! You're supposed to be a Dem. Run on Repub ticket next time! 46176
Thank you, Senator. #Blessings 
A victory for cowardice. You're going to lose the general in 2018, but you could have at least gone down fighting for your constituents.
Of course you will. Does McConnell have you on speed dial? Why even bother being a Dem, Joe? Primaries are coming and we are watching.
How can you possibly overlook the real Gorsuch in favor of the Gorsuch who is talked up by the GOP? You know better than this, Senator.
Thank you Senator Donnelly for stepping across the aisle and not playing partisan politics!
You disgust me. This Supreme Court pick is horrible. But if you were anything other than a white man, you would know that. Shame on you.
Does this mean you'll be runni g as a Republican in 18?
I think you may find yourself on the wrong side of history, bub.
Sooooo disappointed you support this ideologue. Wolf in sheep's clothing. Just like the Trumper.
Guess we should call you "Traitor Joe"?
I just ripped up my check to you and your campaign.  This is wrong.
Bowed to the ad pressure I see. Hope this gains your reelection some votes because as a real constituent, you've lost mine.  #gorsuch
NO PROBE-NO ROBE! What's the rush? A lifelong appt is NOT urgent. A majority of American voters agree.Time to re-evaluate career options?
And Joe will lose his seat in 2018.
Another corrupt Democrat in the pocket of big corps. Did you forget about Merrick Garland? You will be voted out next election! #StopGorsuch
SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME SHAME ON YOU
He will rule in favor of big business. You will lose all Dem support in Indiana. You will be done as a politician. Is it really worth it?
If Dems want to win votes and fix the US, they need to fight for the rights of its people. #NoOnGorsuch
TRAITOR! Disgusting DINO!
You are a coward, sir, and have lost my respect, and now i will do everything i can to make you a 1 term senator.
so very disappointed with your vote on this issue
You are an embarrassment to our nation. I am ashamed of you.
Gorsuch has poor Dem priorities record. Plz reconsider. ALSO, w/ DT under investigation, should he really b able to nom a lifetime position?
OUTRAGEOUS THAT YOU WOULD.... BYE BYE .... VOTE HIM OUT OF OFFICE!!!!!
Thanks for letting us know where you stand.  As a Illinois resident, will contribute and work for your primary opponent!
This is disappointing. Dems should supports civil, workers rights, LGBTQ rights, and people over big business. Defend your Hoosiers! Vote NO
You're hiding cowardice behind fake integrity. The Republicans have not been fighting fair - you have not taken a stand to ensure they will,
Apparently you are perfectly okay with Republican hypocrisy. That''s disappointing. Hopefully your opponent will have a backbone.
Complete bullshit!This guy only cares about his rich friends!Horrible person,not a man for the people!
Indiana Democrats didn't vote for you so you'd go to DC & cave to republican pressure. I'm very upset & disappointed by your poor decision.
Hey I smell another  #CORRUPT Senator,  what do they have on you? Stand with your PARTY and vote no on GORSUCH.
Gorsuch values include putting corporations before people & ruling against the disabled. This is a lifetime appointment he DOES NOT deserve!
WOW so someone at the whitehouse threatened you and you believe they have more power than your constituents lmao
I guess you didn't actually carefully review. His extreme interpretation of the law will erode human rights. Can't wait to see u voted out!!
What a disgrace. Well there goes your job!
Senator Donnelly, PLEASE reconsider your stance and vote NO for Gorusch.
(2) A party that assumes power thru election tainted by foreign influence, treason & @FBI investigation shd not appt supreme ct justices.
Reasons you should not support this lifetime appt: (1) appt is by the very @GOP that refused to give a hearing to a democratic nominee;
thank you for doing the right thing instead of following Schumer down the rabbit hole
SHAME ON YOU SENATOR.
Hope you lose your seat . Bootlicker.
Very disappointed Joe.
This is shameful.  See you in 2018 (democrats remember). #primary #resist #resisttrump #EqualRights
Repeal & Replace @SenDonnelly
R u trying to ruin us?! He was turned down for one job! We don't need that! GOP already holds Congress & WH! We need a Dem SCOTUS!
You need to vote NO. Filibuster the bastard. #wethepeople will remember this. #notmypresident #impeach
Please reconsider. Vote no.
You have lost my vote for your re- election. You are starting to show you have no respect for the people. At least explain your choice.
I respect you taking an independent position on such a polarized decision. But I have to express my disappointment in your conclusion.
As somebody who worked on your first congressional campaign in 2004 I have always believed that you are a person of integrity and reason.
I just do not understand your rationale for confirming Neil Gorsuch.
Sellout!
Vote for him, and you will lose the Democrats in Indiana. TRAITOR!
you're gonna lose reelection
Do NOT support this nomination. No vote until independent investigation done. This is a stolen seat and POTUS under investigation.
Extremely disappointing. Does this support true American values? The Dem party? Compassion over corporations? #ByeByeSenDonnelly #shame
You will end up on the wrong side of history w/ your vote for Gorsuch. Garland was upstanding too. DT will be gone & GOP will jump ship.
Thank You! #Gorsuch will uphold The #Constitution & Laws of the Land! He is a man of Character&Integrity!
Vote No on Gorsuch-don't let DT pick legacy for decades when he'll be impeached. GOP wants this done & then they'll break from DT just watch
Thank you Sir!
And You will be voted out. You are betraying Americans & Democrats. You have been Brainwashed by Trump/Hitler.
Please do not do this. Gorsuch votes against women's rights. He will take us back 50 yrs of progress. I marched to avoid this. Please.
How do you know that since he didn't answer questions. Also, Merrick Garland is also a qualified jurist.
Kokomo will remember this Joe.  You came to my house years ago and put a sign in my yard. NOT ANYMORE!
Reasons to block Gorsuch:

1. Merrick Garland
2. His record
3. Refusal to answer qs
4. Trump/Russia
5. 5-4 SCOTUS
Thank You
Gorsuch is bad for labor.  He is projected to be on the #SCOTUS until 2050.  Please don't turn your back on labor!!  Vote NO on #gorsuch!!
Say it ain't so Joe!
Mark my words: you will lose your seat.
Appalling decision to support such a prejudiced candidate. Shameful. #orangebuffoon
No, no, no, no to Neil, join your caucus and filabuster!!!!!!?
