Joe you need to watch your step in your voting. Indiana voted for Pres.Trump and his agenda. Work and vote, or your fire.
As one of your constituents, and a voter, I thank you for this!
thank you for your commitment to education! #devos would be devastating to public education! We need an educator at the helm!
boo,  will work against you in 2018.  Indiana is not  a progressive state yet.
And this is one of many reasons you will be voted out. Enjoy it while it lasts.
So you lied about working with the new Pres You could be on your way out Sen Donnelly
Can you work on getting @SenToddYoung to make a united front for IN & vote no on both DeVos & Sessions?
Oh, I know. He's been bought & paid for, but it's important to keep up the pressure.
I am calling every day! I can tell you Donnelly's staff is much more informed and polite.
I call regularly, too, and I've noticed the same thing.
#CarryOnLibs every day you push more and more moderates and independents to #TrumpTrain #LoveYourHate #PoliticiansAreAWaste 
Pls ask  @SenatorSessions to comment on Trump's tweet re: "so called" Judge Robart, esp as Atty Gen nom & having voted for him.
@mgroppe hope he does his own research and represents all Hoosiers not just progressives.
thank you Senator!
You don't want to vote for a Rep who prosecuted the racist Democrat KKK for murdering Black human beings
sorry to hear you are going to vote against Jeff Sessions. Also sorry to say that will cause me to vote against you in 2018.
@TishLiddell better let @SenToddYoung  he voted to confirm and he will not get re elected. We the people vote so man up!!
Thanks, Joe!
You sure are not representing Indiana residents.
Thank you so much #Sessions
IN voted for Trump. Reasons so lame and false. Just voting with Dem. The Party of riots, fake news, destruction, and division
This is inexcusable. I urge you to support Sen. Sessions for AG.
4 votes in this house is unable to vote for @SenDonnelly
Donnelly was the first democrat I voted for in 20 years, but it won't happen again. 3 votes against in this house.
Donnelly doesn't represent Hoosiers he is Chuck Schumer yes man, we need to start now to have him defeated in 18.
.@SenDonnelly Sessions has done an excellent job in the Senate for years. Your vote is very partisan and petty.
Indiana overwhelmingly voted for Trump, and Joe's trying to ensure we overwhelmingly vote against him in '18.
Wake Up Joe..... Senator.
@Rojas5Rojas Thank- you for your service sir!
you voted to repeal law prohibiting mentally ill from buying a gun-hopefully one will not shoot up IN school like Newtown.
WRONG MOVE>  YOU ARE LYING ABOUT SESSIONS AND YOU KNOW IT. YOU DON'T REPRESENT HOOSIERS AND YOU SUCK UP TO PELOSI AND SCHUMER.
Well, sure Joe, because we know you represent the modern democrat party, not Hoosiers. So, just say it next time.
hope u lose next election for being a racist
SHAME ON YOU, Joe. I'm voting against you. Even Murdock could have done better.
I am among the many Indiana voters opposed to Sessions' nomination, and I thank you for listening to your constituency!
thank you!  Wish we could get @SenToddYoung to do the same.
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK YOUR DOING BY SIDING WITH THE http://DEMOCRATES.VOTE  FOR SEN DONNELLY
@SenToddYoung IN voter here, Thanks Joe!  I will NOT vote to re-elect if either of u vote 4 Sessions, Gorsuch or DeVos!!!
Thank you Senator Donnelly! 
the people of Indiana are watching Democrat Pty and J. Donnelly.  2018 is going to be a great year for Repubs! Defeat Joe D!
2 years and counting.... Then Joe Donnelly will be out of a job.  Would start polishing up on those resume skills now!
where was this concern for upholding the Constitution and law during the last eight years?
You are an obstructionist and not representing the state of Indiana
Thank you, Senator!
you are Chuck Schumer's little yes man! Voting against you ASAP!
it's ok, keep playing games because we're going to fire you in 2 years!
Thank you for standing up for the rights of all Americans; women, LGBTQ community, people of color and religious diversity.
so sad to see this. At the same time anxious for the next election cycle so we can replace senator D
Thank you. -father and Hoosier :)
SHAME ON YOU DONNELLY. YOUR DAYS IN DC WILL END NEXT YR WHEN WE VOTE YOU OUT!!! SHAME ON YOU!!!!! A HOOSIER!!!
Thank you, @SenDonnelly
I respectfully disagree with your decision to not support @jeffsessions for AG. Indiana is watching and will remember this
, Then enjoy your term because there WONT be another!
Thank you!
Thank you!!!
Thank you Joe! There are some disturbing connections between him and white nationalists.
, 2 voters in Newburgh will be actively campaigning against you in two years.
thank you!!!!
but you crossed party lines to repeal the EPA stream protection act? Why?
Thank you for voting the right way. You're doing the right thing. We don't even  know if we have a Legitimate President.
I will remember this in 2018. You will be voted out.
Thank you, Senator. This constituent stands with you. Sessions is the worst possible pick for AG.
thank you for approaching these decisions thoughtfully and recognizing a bad idea when you see one.
Once again showing where his real loyalties lie - with his fellow extreme Democrats in the senate and NOT with Hoosiers.
thank you! Now Indiana doesn't  have to worry about you getting re-elected.
Go, Joe! Keep that bigot out of that position.
support you and your fight for our Constitution. Please work with your colleagues to try to corral this dangerous admin.
Thank you for opposition to Sen. Sessions' appt.
Thank you, Senator!
THANK YOU
We see now this was a Lie...
Thank you, @SenDonnelly. The nominee's record on civil rights is a disgrace.
really Joe? You voted to overturn the Stream Protection Rule? WHY?  How much money do you make off coal mining?  Please #resist
bad move Joe
@MMcFaddenWNDU ..good bye Joe, 2018 is around the corner
Thank you for your principled vote.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Donnelly. Continue to fight for what is right for all of Indiana's constituents, and I will support you.
5 I want to know how to doc your pay for not showing up for work...most of us would get fired for protesting work!
That was the weekend.
pls ask @SenToddYoung to respond to his constituents re Devos and Sessions.  We deserve an answer from him
thanks Senator Donnelly
is a man of integrity.
thank you for doing your job.
thank you, Senator! 
Thank you Sen. Donnelly! @SenToddYoung, take note. This is how you do it, not by selling out.
Thank you Senator Donnelly
What's the real reason, Joe, you are withholding your support of Sen. Sessions as A.G.?
your phillibustering like all the other left senators! Goodbye in 2018 this is a republican state we're our vp is from
thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
How about Gorsuch?  You filibustering?
You rock Joe!! Good to have you on our side!! Go Hoosiers! Go Irish!!
Thank you Sen. Donnelly!
Thank you for representing us here in South Bend!!!
way to go Joe!
Thank you! Civil rights are important! #StopSessions
THANK YOU!
Thank you for voting no on Senator Sessions.
Thank you!
@morinap thank you!
thank you Joe.
Well you're up for re-election in next year in the first state to be called for Trump ... good luck; you're gonna need it
With folks like t-bone representing the dems 2018 will be a slam dunk! 
Thank you!!!!
Thank you! His civil rights record scares me and I'm glad you agree that he's not good for our country.
, Trump & Bannon are shredding Constitution, have grossly destabilized country, & destabilizing planet rapidly. Please #IMPEACH.
Disappointed you do not support Sen. Sessions'. Sessions' record of protecting civil rights throughout his career is honorable!
Thank you
THANK YOU!
Way to go, Joe! @SenToddYoung Are you watching? This is how it's done, you sell out.
here's an Indiana Senator who is a one term defector
@WSBT help protect education and kids with disabilities. Don't let them take away my son's rights #autismawareness
@WSBT DeVos is completely unqualified. How anyone with a brain would vote her in is beyond common sense
Thank you for sharing your assessment. I'm surprised, truly. After Secretaries Holder and Lynch my Hoosier values say Sessions
thank you for your stand!
Great choice!
Please reconsider his short learning curve. We need people that can hit the ground running.
Thank you. Keep it up! Fight!
Well done, Senator!  Thank you for taking a bold stand. Now, co-sponsor S. 54 and prevent a Muslim registry!
Thank you!
What are the facts Senator? If widespread feelings are guiding your vote, you have lost mine in 2018. #OneTerm
THANK YOU!! Keep up the great work and keep representing your voters! We've got your back. #resist  @SenToddYoung take note.
Thank you
partisan choice while serving a very Red state.
Nope. Sessions is a racist ideologue who will not enforce our laws. It's not a partisan issue.
thank you.
Thank you Senator ď
thank you for this Joe!
Thank you.
thank you Joe!
thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!!!
Our last two AG had such great respect for law enforcement /s.  Did you vote for Lynch?
Thank you Senator Donnelly!  I'm proud to have voted for you!
Thank you.
The 3 registered voters in this house are proud to have you representing us in Washington. THANK YOU.
Thank you!
keep fighting the good fight Joe! We are behind you
Thank you Senator!
Thank you very much. I left a message with your office yesterday, but want to repeat: you are doing a great job for IN.
Thank you Senator Donnelly!
thank you for standing up for what is right!
