, I am one of your constituents, did you call Lynch and ask her to recuse herself? I am disgusted w/your party.
I use to be a Democrat, but the Democrat party turned me off after Reagan left office. Hope you do what is right for OUR state.
, As you know Indiana is predominantly a red state. Aren't you up for re-election this Fall?
Thanks, Joe.
WH ditched Flynn for lying. Using their argument it doesn't matter if there was collusion with the Russians. It's the lying.
You are officially "tied" to the seditious, treasonous Democrat party undermining our democracy. Start looking for a new job.
That's a good start but an independent investigation still needs to happen.
Sessions needs to resign. Lied under oath.
do you consider AG Sessions to have perjured himself? Should he be asked to resign?
Your right
vote for sessions to RESIGN
Come on Senator Donnelly. Are you trying to look good to the Democratics.  Don't like your methods. Will remember in future.
We supported President Trump and We support Jeff Sessions get on board or get voted out 2018
put on the pressure regarding Russian connections of the President. Something is really off.
Not enough Joe. He needs to resign. He violated the law and he's a racist bigot.
should call for his resignation. Lying under oath should put him in jail not in office.
- A thorough investigation is what the folks deserve...and beyond what was conducted into the tarmac meeting of our former AG
Should not our President also explain any knowledge of these relationships with Russia during his campaign?
he has unlike Lynch.  Where was your outrage there Senator?  At less least someone has scruples. Just more partisan politics.
As a constituent, stop blaming Russia for voters choices and investigate illegal surveillance of american citizens by NSA/CIA.
Joe with all the Russian hacking investigations you're doing, you will investigate CIA hacking right? Wikileaks revelation.
Did you ask AG Lynch to recuse herself from @HillaryClinton investigations after she met with Bill Clinton? #EqualJustice
reason number 213 why I won't vote for you again, following a false narrative without investigating it first...so sad!!
Although AG has recused himself from this investigation, you were wrong to insist on this.Every story in press said no evidence
I would like to know what's going to be done about the DHS hacking our voting system?
Recuse is not enough. He lied under oath.  NO more double standard.  Had this been an Obama AG... Can you imagine.  Enough...
good job Senator! Now keep at it! There is much more to this story! #treasonishactions
What a witch hunt. Trump's approval ratings too high? We are more upset with Lynch's meeting with Clinton on the tarmac.
thanks
no more endless witch hunts pleaseWe are wasting BIG tax dollars chasing nonsense.  Hoosiers need jobs not drama.
4 people died in Benghazi and Hillery said what makes the difference and she's still not in jail Sessions did his job as a Sen.
With all due respect, you should have called for his resignation, and you should have voted against Ben Carson. I'm very disappointed in you
Thanks Joe. This is what it means to stand up for America. We need an independent Bipartisan Investigation of Trump & Russia.
recusal is NOT enough-resign or be fired  He can not lead justice department when he needs to be investigated #FireSessions
you just don't get it Joe. You represent Indiana not just Indy.
That's a start. #persist
I think he should also resign as AG. How can we trust him? #SessionsMustResign
Man of integrity!
Super happy about that Mr D. Keep up the good progressive works!!!
Thank you for taking this position on behalf of fellow Hoosiers and the American people. #Russia
Thank you for this, but please call on him to RESIGN.
A good start. Push for independent investigation.
Please stay on this. Thank you for your leadership.
You need to call for his resignation for perjury!
good first step but I think he needs to resign!
suggest you not put yourself out front on this, or get caught up in this ridiculous hysteria- just a thought from an IN voter
The only "lawful" thing to do
Thank you Senator
Thank you, Senator Donnelly. This is without a doubt one of the most pressing issues we are facing today!
thank you, Joe. Now let's get a real independent investigation, shall we?
Good job Joe!
in fairness to you. All are playing party politics. You are better than that and a good man. Speak up as our Sr. Senator
can anyone retreat similar comments concerning Hillary and Benghazi?  How about concern about Russia & Crimea?  Seen nothing
Thank You!
you need to call for his resignation!!!  He lied under OATH to Congress!!!
He should resign!
Thanks, Joe! He should resign, but this is a step in the right direction.
Thank you Senator. At what point though, does Sessions' perjury warrant resignation? Too many russian connections in this WH!
Thank you, Joe.
he is guilty of purjory period if he was normal Joe schmo he'd be doing jail time send the old racist out and disbarred
he lied under oath this adminstration is dirty investigate trump and the whole cabinet
