are you did was waste taxpayer time and money help us-not hurt-put his team in place
Good! Means she won't repeat what isn't working-your logic is so off!
Thank you for not selling out America's children! @DearbornCtyDems @INDems
Thank you for standing for our country!
Shame on Joe.
why did you vote yes on #MikePompeo? If you don't obstruct @POTUS, we can find someone who will. #midterms
apparently the story that a 3rd Republican was convinced to vote against DeVos was more fake news.
why joe it isn't working very good the way it is now we need to fix education with new ideas
RU kidding me?? Do you know anything about our state and charter schools? HUGE failure!
Thanks for your vote. I asked @SenToddYoung why he would vote for someone as unqualified as her. No response.
that POS isn't even having his phones answered
one more reason to see you fired
thank you for voting no to DeVos. Hoosiers will remember how its Senators feel about education for our kids!
Thank you Senator Donnelly for doing the right thing.
...which is why you will be voted out in 2018 Joe (Evan Bye-Bye).
NOT a smart vote!
thank you for standing up! Keep voting NO!! We will remember.
contrary to Jill's tweet, your 2018 re-election won't happen- you will lose
you are stalling all cabinet members and being difficult just like the rest of your cronies.
Thank you. It didn't work, but I will remember you did the right thing.
Plz Quit Rubber stamping the Demobrat's agenda. We need good people in cabinet to accomplish MAGA if you want reelected.
Why do you oppose children escaping the garbage schools they're stuck in? #SchoolChoice @SenDonnelly
#ICYMI: Joe voted against Betsy DeVos’ nomination. He spoke on the Senate floor last night about his opposition. 
. Joe, were counting on you to block the filling of this swamp. Do whatever it takes. You have my vote.
thank you Senator. Respect
thank you for all your hard work opposing Trump's radical agenda!
Thank You Senator Donnelly for fighting for our children, I support your resistance 100% and offer my help at election time
thank you!!!!
Thank you, Joe, good to know some reps still have integrity, unlike @SenToddYoung !!!
Hope you're opposing Sessions, too. Dems need to get scrappy and fight the GOP. Get your hands dirty. It's a dirty fight.
a huge thank you to Sen Donnelly for having our best interests at heart.  Don't stop Joe!  We need you
Thank you for listening to us.
thank you for voting with your intelligence. Now it looks like you'll have to do more work on behalf of all Americans
You'd better do the same for every trump nomination including Gorsuch if you expect us Dems to support your reelection
Thank you for your courage.
Thank you for doing what was right. Please keep fighting!
THANK YOU!!!
thank you for doing the right thing and being a true Hoosier unlike @SenToddYoung
thank you for voting against her.
Thank you for your vote.
Thank you for fighting for us!
thank you, Senator Donnelly, for supporting your constituents.
I also must say, I am deeply disappointed in your colleague Senator Young on a number of fronts with this particular nominee.
I truly appreciate your vote and voice. I am proud that you are my Senator.
Thank you, Senator for a great effort. Keep up the fight. We are with you.
Thank you Senator for fighting for our children.
I am unhappy that you voted against Betsy DeVos. I know she will bring a new approach to education for America's children.
Yes by putting all of the education$ into private schools and leaving the rest to fend for themselves. Why is this good?
thank you
You like cookies? Can I bake you some cookies? I mean, you'll get campaign $ but also can I show support with homemade food?
Thank you Senator Donnelly for listening to your constituents.  We will be there to vote for you in 2018!
@MMcFaddenWNDU ..great to see Joe and the liberal snowflakes lose
Our children are the only losers here.
...not even close to being true.  The old way wasn't working, it's time for a change
thank you Senator !
thank you!!! #NoonDeVos
Joe, Thank you for trying to guarantee that all children receive a Free and Appropriate Public Education.
Thank you so much Mr. Donnelly!
thank you for your vote
very disappointed, expected more Hoosier backbone from you, u just caved
Thank you for opposing that blatant pay-for-play deconstructionist ideologue. #resist #DeVosvote
Thank you for your vote & your speech last night on the floor of the Senate. You made us proud, Joe.  Keep bringing it!
#ICYM I'm an Indiana voter.
needs to get on board with Senate basics, like allowing a president his choice of cabinet picks without grandstanding.
That's really not how this works.
@ALTUSNPS @SenateDems @SenSanders
Thank you, Senator, for voting with your heart and ours. We will remember.
THANK YOU
thanks for fighting for IN kids!  @SenToddYoung & @VP embarrassed our country. Thanks for being a leader!
thank you. 
thanks for trying
joe stop working against the president u r being such a disappointment
thank you
current education failing on most reasonable metrics. How can anyone defend the status quo? Sen Don just towing party line.
Thanks for your efforts.
thank you!!!!!
I've helped several Democrats with elections (sadly Bayh didn't make it) 2/2. I'll help in 2018 #actionsintodeeds
count on me 2018 to help with campaign in southern Indiana 1/2
So proud of you, Joe!
thank you
Thank you sir!
you did a great job and I am grateful for your effort
Thanks.
TY @SenDonnelly Watched your speech on cspan & it was great. Fellow Hoosiers' letters were v moving. Wish our other senator had listened too
Thank you for trying, Senator.
Libtard
Thank you for your vote no on DeVos and your integrity to demand that the citizens' employees be qualified.
Thank you, Senator Donnelly for standing up for what's right!  I wish @ToddYoungIN had done the same!
If we lost this one we don't have a chance in hell on any others. Time for a strategy team
Thank you for voting against this rich unqualified individual. Equal standards for all schools.
Thank you. This was very disheartening that politics were put ahead of our children.
I don't even have kids & I'm terrified of what she's going to do. Thanks for the NO VOTE. At least you have a spine.
thank you for listening to your constituents!
Thank you! Please vote against Pruitt as well!
thank you for opposing her. You will continue to have my support.
Thank you, Senator. Please keep resisting.
Thank you for standing up for our kids and showing true Hoosier values.
I appreciate your forthrightness when you decide to cast a nay vote. Letters from the folks are powerful. Please share W/Devos
Thanks for trying.
@marybschneider The first flipped Senate seat in 2018
Thanks for your vote.  Nice to have at least 50 Senators who are not for sale.
Thank you for voting in favor of our nation's children and their right to a free appropriate public education.
i see you didn't announce the other 5 you voted for
Agreed! 100% 
 almost every single Democrat is a corporatist sellout! The only thing that will save us now #JusticeDemocrats
I think he has to be strategic, we need him to keep his seat in '18
Thank you Senator Donnelly!!
Thank you Joe!
Thank you, Senator!!
thank you. 2018 will go down so blue!!
Thank you, sir.  Keep fighting for us, stay strong. Love trumps hate, always 
big mistake loud few will give you kudos just know that u& Dems lost a big part of ur base! Unions and I/we will vote against u
and yet she is our Secretary of Education? Get with the program Joe!
Thank you Senator! You have my continued support.
enjoy your time now because I will fight to not have you re elected!
Why? He voted against an obviously incompetent person who is totally unqualified for the job. (That's good)
Just keep saying No, Joe. We got your back!
thank you!  too bad more of your republican colleagues listened to their party instead of their constituents
Thank you senator
Thank you!
really wish you guys had been able to get one more
