thank you Joe, she'll RUIN our schools education system by taking away money from Public to give to Christian charter schools.
charter schools are by definition public and not Christian
Chad you're not fooling me or Mr DonnellY you're pushing your religious agenda for the bible in public schools #SHAME
whoa, calm down. Charter schools are not religious. Nothing I said pushes anything. Are we a little sensitive?
Chad, does pctemple stand for Pastor Christian Temple or Politically Correct Temple Stop pushing your religious views
name a religious view i@have pushed or a name I have called you or an accusation I've made against you. Yet you deride me.
Don't use reverse psychology BS to throw blame on me & make me the bad guy. I'm standing up for beliefs against bigots like Devos.
seriously. Oh well. Not able to have a real conversation so I'm gone. I'll go elsewhere.
And in a couple of years we will be voting against Donnelly. The teachers union money means more to Donnelly than our children.
Respectfully, have you watched DeVos confirmation hearings? She has never attended a public school or worked in a public ed..
That is reason enough to confirm her. She is obviously better educated as a result and I want our cjhildren to have that same opportunity
She has business and political science degrees. "Better" education doesn't cut it. Has to be the right education and experience.
Education experience sure has not worked so far
I'm a pilot with 10 years of experience flying airplanes. Which of us would you rather have flying a plane you're on?
I doubt you really are, and it would not matter. No comparison here - our children are not airplanes
I am. Search for yourself. I'm the only licensed pilot named Justin Gould in the US: https://amsrvs.registry.faa.gov/airmeninquiry/ 
this is too bad.
Thank you Sen. Donnelly. Time to stop the influx of stupid appointees.
a little rough to call her stupid, don't you think? Really?
Senator Young's support of DeVos is highly improper given Amway's $37,100 contribution to his campaign.
We support Betsy DeVos and so should you. She supports quality government schools and more ed choices for families!
Thank you!
Thank you!
thank you, Senator! 
thank you!
I am a retired teacher & Hoosier. THANK YOU for worrying about our Indiana children & the nation's children.
Surprise Trump with a YES vote. Stop making enemies. Are you a Hoosier or are you a Democrat? Represent Indiana! #IndianaFirst
Thank you!
, come on @SenToddYoung .... Join your fellow Hoosier and do the right thing. #StopDeVos
thank you
Thank you for your vote against Betsy DeVos' confirmation!
Thank you Joe!
@rogueUSedgov @YouTube Thank you!
@rogueUSedgov thanks for supporting the American education system, our children deserve better #noDevos
Thank you for voting against Betsy Devos. Please encourage Trump to nominate a more qualified person for Education Secretary.
Your vote against Betsy equals my vote against you.
thank you! There are many teachers/teacher leaders with the expertise that would be better qualified for this position.
thank you for pledging to vote against DeVos!
Thank you and same should be done for Sessions.
Thank you!
.@SenDonnelly .@YouTube And yet, he voted in favor of the other 4 cabinet picks. #SpinelessJoe  With leaders like him who needs the Gestapo?
Thank you, Joe!!
Thank you, Senator! Thank you for taking a stand for our future.
Thank you! A concerned educator!!
Enjoy your job while you have it Joe... you are gone in 2 years.
thank you for opposing Ms. DeVos for Education.
Thank you for committing to vote against Betsy DeVos' confirmation!
@sen joe Donnelly needs to vote AGAINST ALL TRUMP GOON PICS.It's proven #exxon bribed SEN already to pass #tillerson #Resisting
@JonHuberWVPE @YouTube thank you Joe!
Thank you!!
Thank You  There is an anti-DeVos protest in Holland Mi this weekend
#DeVosHearing #devos vote 1/31 #StopDeVos @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker #TN
Thank you keep up the good work.
Thank you VERY much for voting against DeVos, Senator Donnelly!
Thank you for supporting our public schools!  Please continue to fight for our students!
Thank you!
Thank God. Thank you for listening to the people and the facts.
Joe, you need to vote against Sessions too.
I agree! Thank you for putting students first by voting no to Betsy DeVos.
Thank you, Senator Donnelly!
I've tried calling your office. No answer, voice mail is full. Are you avoiding your constituents?
thank you for standing up for kids!
FINALLY a vote I agree with! DeVos is incompetent & will harm public educ irrevocably.

Will you also vote NO on Sessions?
Good!!! what the fuck is wrong with some of the other Democratic senators that approved the other horrendous cabinet picks?!
Thank you! Please discuss with our Jr senator @SenToddYoung
THANK YOU!!!
thank you Senator !
THANK YOU!
Thank you! FINALLY A SENATOR WITH A SPINE!!!!
good DeVos is corrupt not good for education

Thank you!
Thank you Sen. Donnelly glad to see you stand up for our children!
many thanks to you for voting against #BetsyDeVos !
Thank you for standing up for public education and kids!
THANK YOU, Senator, for standing for what's best for our kids.
Thank you for standing up for our kids!
thank you!
good call!
thank you for having a spine
Thankyou for your NO vote on Betsy DeVos, sir!
@Network4pubEd thanks
thank you sen donnelly. My son has special needs.  Devos would be disastrous.
THANK YOU!!!
Yes! Thank you, Senator!
thanks Joe - smart decision
Thank you, please stand up against the new regime. We do not need anymore unqualified people in powerful positions. 
Thank you, Senator Donnelly.  Betsy DeVos is clearly unqualified to lead the Department of Education in charge of public education.
thank you ! She is clearly unqualified for the job!!
Thank you
Thank you, Senator!!! A voice of reason.
- Thank you for standing up for education. @SenToddYoung - will you do the same? #PreservePublicEd
Young is a freshman senator trying to make alliances in DC. He'll vote party line ALL THE WAY!
Thank you!
thank you, Joe! Now let's talk about Pruitt. #RejectPruitt
thank you!!!
well....ain't you a little jerk?
Thank you! Please do not confirm Sessions, Price, Mnuchin, or Mulroney! Sad when Perry appears to be the sane one!
Good! Keep it up!
thank you Senator!
Way to go, Joe!
Guess there was no money in this one, eh?
THANK YOU! Any GOP counterparts on the fence that should be contacted?
thank you for protecting our schools and our children. There is a better choice than DeVos.
please reconsider your decision. Indiana residents need choice and the teachers union needs less power.
Thank you for standing up for our PUBLIC schools and PUBLIC school children #SupportPublicEd
Thank You Sir!!
Thank you for standing up for us!
THANK YOU for voting against Betsy DeVos! We need stronger public schools, not weaker ones!
, thank you.
thank you, our children thank you
Thank you, Senator! This is the right choice for our children and our country!
@wvpe @YouTube Thanks!
@indystar @YouTube That's a good call. Worst Trump appointment.
Thank you Sen. Donnelly. Education is too important too entrust to someone so unqualified. cc @SenToddYoung
Glad to hear it!
But spectacularly unqualified Ben Carson gets your vote? I could've sworn Democrats said they were going to fight this time?
Ben Carson isn't qualified to run a Holiday Inn, much less Housing & Urban Development.
thank you!!
Way to stand up for ALL Hoosier children!
You sir, will be voted out because of this
Thank you for protecting our kids and their right to a public education. #imwithJoe
Joe, this might be a good move, but it's not enough.  You need to reject all of them, not just the women!
As a business man w/25 years volunteering in public schools we need change. Way too many great teachers are tired.
Thank you, @SenDonnelly! You're doing the right thing. Fight for our students!
I strongly disagree. Please use Hoosier common sense and do not play politics with this issue.
thank you!
Thank you for not supporting Betsy DeVos!! 
Thank You!
THANK YOU, Senator!! In committee hearings, DeVos demonstrated a shocking lack of knowledge and experience.
THANK YOU. I cannot express enough how happy I am to hear you're not supporting the DeVos nomination.
keep it up Joe and you'll be voted out next election. Clown.
You have no idea how happy this makes me! You are my hero!
@MMcFaddenWNDU ...he'll be voted out next time around
thank you Senator. Devos was a horrible choice for Secretary of Education.
THANK YOU for hearing your constituents.  Please apply the same lens to Sessions, Tillerman, et al.
Thank You
From every teacher on the planet, thank you - thank you - thank you.
Thank you Mr. Donnelly!
Thank you so much for standing up for children and public education
Please fight like hell on behalf of your constituents! Crazy times call for a Hoosier Dem-of all places-to lead the way
thank you!
Thank you for opposing @BetsyDeVos She is wrong for our schools!
Great decision, @SenDonnelly. We have your back. These appointees are not business as usual. Be vigilant and push back if not qualified.
THANK YOU, SENATOR! And vote against Jeff Sessions as well!
thank you sir!!!!
Thank you for voting against DeVos. Our kids deserve better.
Thank you, Senator
you are showing your true colors now and the people of Indiana will not forget
#resist
we will vote against him next time
Thank you!!
Thank you
Good call. Thank you, @SenDonnelly
Awesome! Keep it up! We're all depending on you!
Thank you, Senator Donnelly!! @INDems
thank you for voting NO to Devos for education!!! #keepmovingforward
thanks......you are making the right choic
Thank you Joe! So pleased with your decision!
.@SenDonnelly bad decision
THANK YOU!
thank you!  Protect our schools! Please protect our disabled students, as well!
Thank you! Stand strong!
Thank you for listening to your constituents! Please also "NO" votes for Tillerson, Sessions & Price. Grave ethics concerns!
THANK YOU for announcing your intention to vote against the confirmation of Betsy DeVos.
Thank you. Now vote against all other cabinet picks, and filibuster any Supreme Court nominee.
Thank you!!
Unfortunately, I doubt it will make any difference. To be honest, I'm not sure how he could vote for ANY of his nominees so far
so you believe a child’s education is dependent upon the zip code they are born in? If only she had been a community organizer
thank you, Senator!!

what is your opinion on how dept of ed allows colleges to handle sexual assault? #DueProcess for ALL
Of course he will vote aganst her he is a dem..
Thank you, Joe!
THANK YOU!  (Now, lobby your colleagues, please.)
tks for understanding who unqualified DeVos is . She didn't understand growth vs proficiency or kids w/disabilities
what a puke he is anyway
@indystar @YouTube where's this cross the aisle you touted so highly
thank you for your commitment to public education !  Betsy DeVos is definitely not the right choice.
Thank you, Senator! Public education needs more advocates such as yourself!
thank you!!
Thanks, Senator.
@indystar @YouTube I would say that DeVoss is the least suited candidate ever for public office. But we have Trump.....
Thank You Senator Donnelly!
STOP DEVOS!!! PLEASE!!
Thank you @SenDonnelly for listening to the people.
THANK YOU!!!!!  We appreciate you standing up for the children and educators!
THANK YOU!
Thank you! Please block Trump's Supreme Court nominees too. And his Labor Secretary pick.
Let me point out, you do not then get Hillary's picks. That ship has sunk.
Thank you!
THANK YOU.
thanks for voting against #BetsyDeVos
