Hilarious that trump is now threatening you. When is congress going to come together as squash the cockroach that is trump??
It is going to happen. No doubt about it. People see Trump for who he is. A con, racist, bully who lies nonstop.
Difficult to walk middle of road. We Hoosiers voted for Trump. You might think of supporting him if you want to return to Congress!
Senator Donnelly has an army of warriors behind him right now. He is supported. Not Trump.
Then why were u on Air Force 1 w infamous con-man Putin conspirator?
The tax bill outlined today will help retirees and middle class! If you are for us than vote for it!  Quit resisting @realDonaldTrump
lol Joe - we'll see how much your constituents like you if you don't vote for Tax Reform... #MAGA is coming!
MAGATS aren't doing well. All the losing.
The great people of Indiana stand with President Trump! 
We must elect a (R) Senator in 2018- no more Chuck Schumer allies like Donnelly!
Trump and his small racist base will not dictate to decent citizens. His historically low approval rating speaks to how well he is doing.
Keep believing polls-
It worked well in 2016
She won popular. He won electoral with a lot of help from Russia. Times have changed. He's proven to be a racist liar.
For Joe!!  Flew in to Indy and Flew Back to D.C. WITH new Bud Thug Trump!!
Great assessment. Tnx, Senator, for articulating a clear understanding for Indiana & a positive way forward on this complex national issue!
Indiana must see what the Republicans are doing. Please vote for Senator Donnelly, he is for the Middle Class, tax cut for the rich.
Vote him out
Thank you! We are thankful for you!
Being that the so called tax reform we put forth by the Republicans,you can assume it will benefit the common little or not at all.
Sen Donnelly Great words.  I only hope your actions reflect them.
I know u won't be conned by lil don, They definitely will campaign vs you, tax give away for the rich...Where'$ closing carried interest?
.@SenDonnelly Tx Senator 4 questioning $2.2 Trillion Deficit 4 #CorporateTaxCut & #DeathTaxRepeal http://www.crfb.org/blogs/big-6-tax-framework-could-cost-22-trillion#.Wc0md8GjXGd.twitter … … @budgethawks
Please just say No to Trump's boondoggle:
Be sure to vote for sanctuary cities and run the state into bankruptcy due to an over expansive welfare programs.
This tax bill is worse than the healthcare bill.  It's for the Rich not the Middle Class.
support the tax bill. If you do not support it then you work for schumer and he is an idiot.
Yes! Thanks for the good work!
Stand your ground Joe! Don't let that Orange buffoon intimidate you! I'm with you!
Remember,,,, Trickle down does not work. It's a fact. It's easy to prove.
Remember- need to educate 70% electorate that voted for the values/char/ignorance of issues displayed by DTrump. They watch FOX Misinfo News
Thank you, Senator Donnelly!
Stand up for us, Senator Donnelly. We're counting on you. Thank you.
fellow Hoosiers will hold you to task in filling in the gaps (in our best interest) as @realDonaldTrump mentioned in speech earlier on Wed.
Does your mouth hurt from talking out both sides of it?
If @SenDonnelly supports Trump’s tax plan to benefit rich over middle class, then he should be kicked out of Dem Party. #NoDINO #Resist
24% of income last year went to the top 1%. Please don’t bankrupt the government to benefit the rich
The tax plan is con job by fantastic con artists.  Just do what you know is right Senator Donnelly.
Senator, thanks for your continued focus on bipartisan work for WELL thought out legislation. Threats from POTUS are beneath the office
About that plane ride...should never have done it. Predictably, Trump used you as a willing foil.
Tell the truth Joe.  You work for Joe and only Joe.
The only thing obvious is, this tax reform will be a huge give away to the wealthy and super rich, and to corporations.
The nay sayers truly do not understand tax reform. As usual they play the race card. Typical Democrat response
Thank you. Stay Strong. Do the Right Thing. Don't be Scared of Trump.
Thanks Joe. Keep up the good fight!
Be a Democrat for once. I remember your lack of support for Obama. [You fake Democrat!]
Don't trust #TaxReform bill, they will blow up the deficit while cutting taxes only for the RICH. #KeepAMT #KeepIheritanceTax They are low.
Stay strong and true to yourself Senator.  Do not let Trump bully you. We need you to support the middle and low income Hoosiers!
Better pound pavement hard after today's photo op and national pub..or this will be your last hurrah..path to @GOP votes not through @POTUS.
Thank you Sen Donnelly this administration is nothing but a complete disaster that needs to be taken down.We're with you
Thank you for what you do! Stay strong, do whats right for everyone, and look far beyond pointless threats from bullies.
I believe Newt before you
NEWT: Chuck Schumer trying to break down debt is like an alcoholic explaining the next beer could be a problem!

Newt LOVES Trump #TaxReform 
You got this, Joe!  This Hoosier backs you.
you work for hoosiers?! wow how insightful. ever consider we (your "bosses") prefer to keep more of our own money...
how does lowering taxes for top tax bracket help anyone? the problem here isn't the details, it's the whole framework #TrumpTaxScam
I trust you'll do what is best for us. Hold strong to your beliefs. You are right.
You're done Joe
Remember that trickle down economics has never worked, and cutting taxes will either result in bigger deficits or cutting programs.
This Hoosier is behind you Joe! Thank you for all you do for our great state!
You have had a chance to cure the ills of the Obama administration but instead you were led by Crying Chuck. You will not be reelected.
Well put
Translates to, Schumer's schmo Joe Donnelly will vote against the tax plan!
Hold his feet to the fire, Joe.
Thank you, Joe!
No, But You Welcome that Psychotic!!  You were there which makes you Look Guilty as Sin! Shame On You for Making him look like legitimate!!
Thank you!
I support President Trumps Tax Reform-Get it done!
Thank you. Why did you go with Ttump today? All he did was use you and put you in the spot light on supporting his tax break for the 1%
Senator Donnelly.  With all due respect,  don't cave in, or fall for bullying and false promises on the back of middle class and the poor.
Thank you, Senator!
Do what is right when It  helps ALL & not just the rich! Don't let a bully sway your honest vote!
Thank you Joe!
YES! You're the man.  Run for president? 
There goes Joe-for-the-People setting everything up to obstruct for (some) the people of Indiana. #ResistJoeResistAway
We NEED tax reform Senator. Please don’t let this great opportunity slip by. Do it!!
We stand with Donnelly!
Stand tough, Joe. A plane ride is just a plane ride. Hoosiers need you.
@Indivisible8IN @IND_Hoosiers
Good. Now keep this in mind too
NEW: Republicans agree to raise the lowest individual tax rate from 10 to 12 percent https://www.axios.com/republicans-agree-to-raise-bottom-tax-rate-double-standard-deduction-2489774626.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=textlong&utm_term=politics …
But, with the added deductions the effective rate is way less than 10%.
Hold the line, Senator. Do not vote to give millionaires and big business more breaks.
Don’t repeal estate tax and do NOT reduce top tax bracket.
Congress is not supposed to be a rubber stamp for the president.
Can't afford tax cuts for people that don't need it
Joe, we should be concerned with rich people keeping too much money, but NEVER audit the Fed. Reserve. I admire selective accountability.
Thank you, Senator Donnelly.
From a proud constituent....  U da man!
Hold fast. Be strong.
Flat tax everyone shares
Time for Joe Donnelly to be defeated in 2018-
Along with other liberal frauds like @clairecmc !
Thank you Joe!
now how did I know you would be against the tax bill. Oh yah Schummer and pelosi told you to. you do not work for me.
Compromise work it out all you hi paid congress people
Good for you Joe. Tell that bozo trump and his cult to bring it on. I think there are enough sensible people in Indiana to see thru the bs.
thank you!

Thanks, Joe, as always I appreciate what you do.
No tax cuts for millionaires. Period.
We need more of you in the Senate. If we could have 100 of you and @SenJohnMcCain, we could solve lots of problems.
Thank you!! Please champion equity, not "fairness" in tax reform.
Go Joe!
Tax cuts mean trillion dollar revenueloss for US. What gets cutvto make up for the loss? Education? Healthcare? FEMA?  The WALL?

Will not reduce medicare premiums will go up
