Prayers do nothing to prevent this happening - legislation does
How much did this tweet cost? About $13k? 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/ …
Exactly! So disappointing.
Responsible gun control legislation will save lives. Most industrialized countries have stricter gun control laws fewer firearm fatalities.
Where's the legislative response?
@SenToddYoung Please protect the people, not the guns.  NRA is going to pump millions $$ into Congress. #protect people, not guns.
Todd has taken tens of thousands of $ from the @NRA. The NRA and Todd are silent about the Las Vegas terrorism b/c of that #bloodmoney
You received nearly $14,000 from the NRA. Put that blood money to good use, and pass meaningful gun control legislation.
Joe it's very disappointing to learn you accepted a 13,900 donation from the NRA. Very disheartening.
okay praying over, PASS GUN REGULATION NOW PLEASE
don't be bought by the NRA or you won't be buying my vote
What is your plan to reduce mass shootings?  We need action now.
Blood money from the NRA! Shame! Will be closely watching your votes. The sane people in IN are done with the violence!
Joe, what are you going to do to fix the problem?
$13,000 from the NRA? Embarrassing. Please protect us with stronger gun legislation and vote no for SHARE act.
The blood on your hands is still warm.
Do all you can to change gun laws - full background checks, no silencers, no assault guns!  Prayers not enough!
We will remember these numbers in your reelection run.
Take action senator, do something to prevent the next one. #sensibleguncontrol
It's time to quit talking and act. No sensible firearm owner I know is opposed to universal background checks. It's time to implement them.
You took nearly 14K from the NRA, do the right thing, vote for tougher gun laws, unless your vote is already bought?? #need actionnotprayers
Joe my man! Look, we don't want your prayers we want your action. Stop taking $$ from @NRA and start doing your J O B to protect Americans.
Prayers have proved to save 0 lives in mass shootings. Donate your @NRA $$ to @Everytown

"First you pray for the hungry. Then you feed the hungry. That's how prayer works." Pope Francis
Now do something about gun control! #GunControlNow
Joe, tell us what you are going to do to try to prevent future mass shootings, please.  #stopNRA #EndGunViolence #GunControlNow
You can't play the "man in the middle" role on this anymore.
"First you pray for the hungry. Then you feed the hungry. That's how prayer works." Pope Francis
Take a stand against the #NRA— return their donations and donate to victims
Another hypocrite. Taking money from the worst. #NRABloodMoney
Senator, return the money you got from NRA. It is Blood money
CONGRESS NEEDS TO ACT LIKE SOME STATE HAVE!PUTTING RULES & REGULATIONS! PUTTING SILENCERS IS STUPID!HEARING shots SAVED LIvES!
How much money have you accepted from the NRA?

Please stop accepting donations from the NRA. https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/ …

Please be a leader for sensible gun laws! No automatic or semi automatic guns should be on our streets. There should be caps on ammo. #NOW
It's past time for gun control.

Alright, but what are you doing to pass common sense gun legislation in this country? Thoughts and prayers are nice but where's your action?
This!!!
@WSBTJoe good attempt, however it just seems you are A.W.O.L from any attempt to observe TIME IS NOW TO UNITE US WE are hurting

Now what are you going to do?
A policy initiative to make sure this never happens again would be very good right now
Prayers are nice, but don’t use the sovereignty of a god as an excuse. You are in a position to impact for good. What are your actions?

Your cowardice to act cannot be whitewashed by thoughts and prayers.None of this ends unless we do something to stop it. 
 @ChrisMurphyCT

Such a bold and brave statement. As witnessed, reactive prayers are helping us avoid similar tragedies. Thanks for doing your part. /s
He Isn't Doing His Part he is trumps!!
You need to lead the charge on sane gun controls. The time is now. Do it.

Remember that you voted against an assault weapons ban in 2013. One of the few in your party. How's that sit with you today?
You got this, Sen. You seem like a high character guy and I believe you and other high character people can work on common sense legislation
Not True!!  Read this!!
but you wont stop automatic semi auto gun sales

Past time to pass much better regulations on guns. "A well regulated militia....."
Prayers and thoughts aren't stopping all the "angry white man terrorism" we continue to experience @SenDonnelly, and now you add silencers?
@SenDonnelly you're riding the fence to get reelected in 2018, we need someone who has balls to rep Hoosiers in DC not join in the mayhem
Here's an eye opening chart for you Joe.

Your prayers do nothing!! Unlike the other times when I contacted you, now you need to act on sensible gun laws!
Once you're done praying, act. What will you do to prevent the next massacre?
This!!!!
You were elected to protect Americans not pray for them. You and the rest of Congress need to act now and fix the gun problem.
Enough with the thoughts and prayers. Congress needs to do its damn job and fight this problem.

So....what are you going to do about this?
This!!!!
But the 2nd amendment is sacrosanct huh Joe?
How many mass shootings of Americans will be enough? Justifying the need for weapons that can kill and injure hundreds of people in minutes?
We want Washington to do something. Your thoughts and prayers are nice but it hasn't solved the issue. We're being killed. We need ACTION!

Joe, I  going to need you get on board with some gun control, I know that my fellow Hoosiers can be convinced that regulations helps.
He is a Liar!!!
There is nothing in your statement about talking about gun control. Now is the time that we should start this. Be that guy,  Joe.

Indiana has very few gun buying restrictions
that is a wonderful thing.

More actions. Praying hasn't stopped a shooting yet. Actions just might. Protect us.
I saw a bumper sticker: "Nothing Fails Like Prayer."  Can't prove it.  But it's all we get from our "government." Time for a "Hail Mary."
