Major wins for Republicans. GOP. Grumpy Old People. You are laughable.
Notice how none of your supporters aren't commenting?  Because they don't understand.They just march in lock-step to the party
Really bc I was in DC when you guys shut the government down...
@McConnellPress by saying no to everything denying an Obama Justice.
if @realDonaldTrump does not divest congress MUST impeach him or you are not following your sworn oath
@McConnellPress 

Will Putin be coming to the inauguration?
@realDonaldTrump All you've done is obstruct.  I'll give Trump as much respect as you gave Obama. #Congress #TrumpTransition
absurd. You have been a joke and the worst Congress in 200 years. You are underestimating the intelligence of your audience.
the last 3 congresses have been the least productive in history.  You are as delusional as your president elect.
@McConnellPress 
And decided to block our 1st black president on everything
Remember the majority doesn't support you--only the FBI and foreign leaders do.  Really want to pat yourself on the back?
no you didn't. You obstructed for 8 yrs and crippled our govt. in addition tolying and fomenting hate against anyone not white
Liar. Liar. Liar. And we will find the evidence we need to charge you with colluding with a nation under sanctions. A felony.
Name one...All I saw was obstruction & playing partisan politics because you couldn't ALWAYS get your way.Big ole babies.
don't you have a klan rally to attend to? Trust me, you've already done enough.
recessions, this one's on steroids. hope it only takes 3 yrs, hope you're still alive to see it. I'd like to
@McConnellPress please stand up for the people of America. Investigate Trump
Excuse me, but we will decide if it's a win for us, not you.
No we lose. And so will you when the public sees what you clowns do with power.
@McConnellPress you Re a waste of space and you do no care about the people
America burns. Repub Congress will now create The Greater than Great Depression, as all piss-ons create
@McConnellPress the president elect is a traitor and you say nothing, why?
If you have to try to convince us how wonderful you are...you aren't.
@McConnellPress. This is what you produced.
No, it hasn't. The GOP is a clusterfuck of traitors, bigots, liars and thieves and you should all be up on charges.
@McConnellPress why not a win for the nation? Be a real leader, be a patriot. Probe Russian hacking for real. #growaspine
you mean did absolutely fucking nothing?
Major wins for YOUR people sir. You have put party over country for 8 years. We've had enough.
wow!!! Everybody hates you. Congratulations!!
: Wrong.  You:Do nothing. You: , obstructionist. You born without chin or spine. You: out to rob the citizens of US.
@McConnellPress mcconnel Russian traitor,licker of trumps little tiny goose stepping boots. We know who wears the pants mitch
we want tax relief we are not slaves.
Is our new Sec of Transportation really a Chi-Com sleeper agent?
Most Do Nothing Congress ever,Ever.
Blaming BO for 8yrs of roadblocks led by YOU, but claim wins anyway?  You needed Russia & #kkk to keep Rs afloat. Sleep well.
you are delusional and continue to insult my intelligence
Ask for an independent body to invstgt. Russian hack. Act like you're not a traitor.
.
Senator.
I have a new name for you.
Mitch Marco, McCain. .
The three Stooges.
114 hasn't done Shit.
Do right by Americans stop sitting on your hands Help all Americans finally or resign...  We fed up w the Senate
retirement will be the BEST win for America!
Your indictment for treason would be a major win for the American people.
"Ask not what your country can do for you. Ask what can you do for PUTIN!"
Are you one of those "Dreamers"?
2.84 mil more chose the Dem agenda. Reagan believed in compromise. Yet you...
so you and the RINO Ryan are going to fight PEOTUS on tax cuts and other bills that will help Americans!? Watching
you are useless Mitch.
can you please not play into the fake news about Russia hack?

NY Times admits in middle of article that the CIA found no hard evidence of any Russian hacking: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/11/us/politics/cia-judgment-intelligence-russia-hacking-evidence.html …
please tell us what these major wins are?
@McConnellPress
Under Sec of State Hillary, Putin: acquired 20% of US uranium, invaded Crimea, approval rating hit 80%. But Putin wanted Hillary to lose.
I guess that's why you have a 14% approval rating, correct?
when this c bag says "American people" he means he and his buddies pocketbooks
You an wife are only out for yourselves. Not Americans
Good for you comrade!  Putin is so please, i'm sure.
@McConnellPress like what?  Tell me just one that benefited us
You should make sure Pres Elect Trump gets all of his appointees approved first vote. I know you are smarter than Harry Reid
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Get rid of Obamacare Jan 21 2017. Do NOT go against @realDonaldTrump you would be going against We the People!
investigate hacking.  That would be not a win but a start
Birtherism, 'you lie,' secret muslim, etc. Now you support 'grab 'em by the pussy.' How can you claim the moral high ground?
not really...
You failed to #DoYourJob and we have an even  number on SCOTUS.  You also removed military from civilian control.
Yes Comrade ,All is well,,nothing to worry about.
You wanna prize? What should frighten every American is what the 115th is going to do.
Good thing to take stock of your successes before your upcoming indictment.
PhRMA greatest victories against American ppl has been preventing Medicare from negotiating drug prices.fix it
Your craven collusion with Trump and his Russian friends has been noted by the American people.  Shameful!
KY voters supported Trump by a landslide. & the Russian thing is laughable.
So I assume you have some hard evidence that contradicts the CIA? Trump tweets don't count.
They never said the Russian did it. MSM spun it that way though.
remember @SenateMajLdr, congress does NOT represent ALL AMERICANS! Just your party, the wealthy, bigots, haters.
President Elect Trump will make an excellent president. Please stop the misleading "Russians interfered in the election" BS.
I don't think so turtle man , nothing happen with @GOP majorities in 4 years
What happened? Congress voted for term limits?
and hopefully you will work for the people and not for The lobbyist
Better not block those Trump tax cuts or those Trump immigration fixes. We will Boehner you in a heartbeat.
You are a traitor. Move to Russia.
Move and never come back,They can send you to Siberia.
