Just got the letter today....15.7% increase in healthcare premiums for 2017. Where is my $2,500.00?
Yeah is very sad when you say people lose healthcare when you're doing everything you can to take it away .!! #U. B . ASS
Turtle still doesn't have a clue
More have insurance in spite of you and those that have lost it because of you.
And you still Don't support #Trump2016.   Please don't call yourself a Republican.
Your Tweets show a complete lack of awareness.  You are the problem & are not capable of affecting a solution.  #timetoretire
Do your job,maybe more people would be working.
republicans destroy the middle class thanks
@SenateGOP The American people do not think this is a laughing matter.
That is really sick humor for a MajLdr of the US Senate. No wonder Congress approval ratings are so low.
Millions of people are affected by a hung Supreme Court. Also no laughing matter. You are a hypocrite. #DoYourJob #WeNeedNine
Failed leadership in the Senate isn't working either.
why not get off your a$$ and improve it then? Too busy fundraising to get any work done? What about SCOTUS?
If you had done your job v. obstruct the end result could have been better.  ACA a good first step. Help or get out of way!
Your going to Loose the Senate with 7yrs of obstruction! Power & greed is not good. Supposed to work for the US People.
@SenateGOP Then why is the number of un-insured Americans the lowest its ever been?
Then do something
amazing how you say these lies when your own state has benefitted so well under obamacare.You just changed the name to confuse
@SenateGOP what's is really no laughing matter, is that you sat on our asses for eight years fighting against the president.
Losing healthcare #ByDesign the fact YOU din't know this would happen + didn't stop it make YOU a big part of the problem!
And #MitchMcConnell as a Majority leader punted on resolving Obamacare issues so don't come crying to us.
u want yur Dr. u keep yur Dr. Big lie. McConnell a coward, with control both house & Senate, u hav no guts to stop Obama
WELL, Thanks to your lack of SPINE and WILL! You did not stand up when it CounTED!
so why didn't more of you guys back Ted Cruz when he was on the senate floor fighting it tooth and nail?
@SenateGOP With Obamacare there's only one provider. If there were more choices I wouldn't be opposed.
@Coondawg68 10 seconds after the election these ass-hats need to be put on Obamacare so we can all share the joke.
Americans losing healthcare due to Capitalism, Corporate Greed of insurance companies
Obama & his advisors who believed we are "to stupid" to know the ACA won't work, continue to  believe that & lie about results
Yeah sit there and do nothing but complain, why not a "bright" #GOP idea for a change!
No due to the #GOP sitting on their hands and doing nothing so they can blame others ... obstructionist!
Not as many that was able to gain access to healthcare !! "The needs of many out weigh the needs of one" !!
.@SenateMajLdr not cool that leader of Senate still has no idea what #AffordableCareAct actually does - or just continues to lie about it
Only failures are old Republican senators who don't have a clue.  #GOP @GOP @SenateGOP
.@SenateMajLdr blatant lie from a disgusting liar. Not one American lost ability to get health Ins, millions gained ability to get coverage
We the People r not now & never hav been a priority of u or the establishment. Time 4 u 2 just retire or b voted out! Liars!
So your plan to replace it would be? Easy to throw stones, how about offering solutions.
I was really impressed with your passionate defense of the better plan you proposed and worked for over the last 7 ... OOPS
We already know that. Why are you supporting Obama's illegal changes to the FATCA laws? U r supposed 2 uphold the constitution
dont believe anything that comes from you
more people have insurance than ever before.  Everybody deserves healthcare
@SenateGOP it's sure easy to blame someone else
@SenateGOP Why do you think we want Trump? You people didn't stop him from doing what he's done to us!!!! Impeach him!!
@SenateGOP Removing millions finally covered is no laughing matter either. You can't fix Medicare or VA. There's the rub.
Cannot stress often enough that the inspiration for #Obamacare was Republican plan in 90s. No wonder it sucks.
uninsured rate has fallen. I'm sure Kentucky has benefited a lot from the law.
#DoYourJob
@SenateGOP the number of uninsured's dropped dramatically. your comment is bullshit. 
Also regarding #SCOTUS:  #DoYourJob
@SenateGOP yeah..thanks for stopping it. Trump resonates because you and yours are cowards.
I thought the program expanded healthcare to millions, someone is lying.
@SenateGOP 
Obama care should be scrapped, but not as bad as the Obama sponsorship of Islamic take over of America.
@SenateGOP you betrayed the country a while ago. Gonna block you now!
.@SenateMajLdr Annnnndddddd.... you're wrong.  Again.
Stop lying, Mitch. You sound more like Trump every day
What great ideas do you have to fix America's broken HealthCare? What's the Great Republican Replacement Plan? "crickets"
u should see the fees and horseshit!
