@SenateGOP what does defunding PP have to do with fighting Zika??
YOU put ideological, unrelated concerns in front of fighting Zika. No one believes you.
Why does America even allow bills to have unrelated riders attached to them? It's letting Mitch's "children" fuck up congress
GOP put a clean bill up for vote & stop playing games
NO. You and yours are the partisan hacks. Confederate flags more important than people. We hear you loud & clear.
..Pass a clean bill..We all know the Republicans are putting your agenda before the health of this Nation. Quit playing.
remove the GOP agenda from the bills so they can pass, it's obvious what you are doing. you are not fooling anyone
please resign!
Which poison pill amendments did your crazy right wing tack on to make the funding impossible?
#PlannedParenthood funding
Were you planning on adopting a child with half a head?
I'm tired of no raise in pension you give yourselves raises but leave us out. 3 years no raise in pension and VA disability ?
Perhaps we could vote on Zika funding ONLY and not all the crap you try to sneak in with it? No? Why?
If you actually wanted the bill to pass, maybe stop attaching poison-pill riders to it #ratfucking #ditchmitch
you think the public is stupid enough to believe there were no strings attached? Quit playing games joker! #DoYourJob
Orwell would love you. Projection there. #PassACleanBill Stop with the poison  pills. #DoYourJob

No, New York Times, Democrats didn't block Zika funding—Republicans poisoned it http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/09/07/1567556/-No-New-York-Times-Democrats-didn-t-block-Zika-funding-Republicans-poisoned-it …
use 50% rule like the dems. Screw their political holdout.
GOP is blocking passage with unrelated agenda items in the bill
what else is in the bills?
@McConnellPress
@McConnellPress Then why don't you just put a clean bill forward and cut the crap? A Florida Republican.
.@SenateMajLdr Why don't you govern for the people instead of your party. Zika is a disease not a political party.
You soulless man, I would like to know what the Zika virus has to do with Planned Parenthood and the Confederate Flag. #shame
stop trying to defund PP. What does one thing have to do with the other? #washingtongridlocksucks
WRONG! You added other unwarranted items to the bill that create political turmoil! @SenateGOP sucks! #Zika #Senate #Fail
Hypocrite! Is the Republican bill clean? Who is really playing the politics game?
.@SenateMajLdr, you Republicans control both houses of Congress.  Stop blaming the minority for YOUR failure to pass legislation.
you are the most partisan do nothing senator yet.
@SenateGOP yeah but look at what the #GOP is trying to attach to these bills? That’s right
you didn't have a problem blocking everything when the GOP was in the minority. quit whining. # termlimits
stop them by changing the rules of the senate. DEM did it for Obamacare, do it for the Zika virus and the VA. Get some balls
they won't if you remove the plannedpoo parenthood and confederate flag issues. They don't belong there anyway.
fly that confederate flag proudly!  It was so important that you added it to #ZikaFunding bill.  True colors?  #DoYourJob
You and your party is crap. Put in a CLEAN BILL and stop adding all this other shit. People will die.
aren't the republicans the house majority?
pass it without them, you have a majority.  #DoYourJob
plenty of politics on both sides.  If they won't work on this, try holding SCJ nominee hearings and voting up or down #DYJ!
would planned parent have anything to do with it?  Clean bill will pass.  Stop the games.  #DYJ
do we have 9th justice yet? #DoYourJob
@senatorreid  @SpeakerRyan  @NancyPelosi  No, you can lie and act surprised, but it is very FAKE! DO YOUR JOB - CLEAN THE BILL
Stop putting poison pills and bring a clean bill!
This is our health we are talking about!
Stop playing games!
Gimme a break.  Drop the crap outta the bill and it passes easily.  You caused this playing politics as usual
Did you take campaign funds from Mylan Epipen mfr lobbyists?
@SenateGOP total BS. Put up a clean bill and stop adding other stuff - your tweet is what's wrong with the system
@McConnellPress Shame on you McConnell - Maternal Deaths in TX have doubled since 2010 thanks to defunding PP.  Not politics.
@SenateGOP If only those bills were only about the topics you mention and not loaded with anti-woman riders...
.@SenateMajLdr How much unrelated BS was in the bill? Defunding PP shouldn't be in the bill.  Get a clean funding bill, and they'll agree.
Time to stop blaming & start acting like adults. Talk, deal, comprimise #DOYOURJOB! @BenSasse this is what I was taking about.
idiots
B.S. You padded the legislation!   Stop playing politics and work it out. You are suppose to work for us NOT against PBO
Get some guts and tell the ppl how Dems want money for planned parenthood to do abortions on infected babies.DO YOUR JOB MAN!
U've been n the senate how long? U hold a majority since how long? Pitiful leader, pitiful lies. #TermLimitsForCongress
what's the real reason for this Mitch?  What else is included in the bill?  You are a terrible senator. Need term limits
The democrats, especially their leader @SenHarryReid are immoral.
BUSHY CRIMINAL , NUFF SAID .
TRUMP: America First.  DEMOCRATS: Democrats first #SeeTheDifference
@TreyGowdy2016 @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence Ok, so what can the public do, this is ridiculous and demeaning to our military.
planned parenthood and confederate flag have what to do with Zika?  This is a serious questions sir.
@SenateGOP what else is in the bill that you aren't saying is in there?  Tax cuts for your donors? The nra? Oil execs?
So turtle face are you getting the message from the reply 2 your tweet? If not the message is you are an incompetent lying POS
No Mr. McConnell, GET rid of the provisions. The GOP, Party of Provisions.
guarantee if you put up a clean bill, It'll pass. If you aren't making it political, you'll do just that.
tell the confederate congress the civil war is over take down the confederate flag & join the USA
You are a damn #filthy #coward! I am so sick of this fake posturing and trying to manipulate low information voters! #Disgrace
@SenateGOP quit adding defunding planned parenthood to Bill....period
McWaddle is selling a lie.
Why is this not a crime?
I bet if Hillary gave this spin.
There'd be fire stoking for that sin.
Democrats? Are you inserting crap again into a clean Zika bill?

Some will never learn...
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Need a lil media coverage on that ? Hello media ?
@SenateGOP WOW! LOOK AT ALL THE SUPPORT YOU'VE GOTTEN W/ THIS TWEET! #UNITEBLUE
@SenateGOP Know what? Blow me! Confederate flags? Planned Parenthood? STOP WITH THE PETTY BULLSHIT! Clean funding bill NOW!
@SenateGOP Mitch "DO Nothing" McConnell is going to bring you a truth...and just like Donald Trump, it will not be "THE" TRUTH
@StormyRose78 How many f'ing #PoisonPills did you #Thugs put in the "Legislation"..??
Playing politics is holding zika funding hostage for partisan purposes. Despicable.
Tell us why Dems R filibustering could it be that U rats inserted lots of pork in the bills U rats are so dishonest
#DoYourJob
All you have to do is drop the poison pill, but you won't and it's going to catch up with you.
@SenateGOP do a clean bill and stop playing. U guys had a 7wk taxpayer vac.
If Obama can "find" $500M to give to the UN for a climate change program, he can find that much or more for Zika programs.
Confederate flags and defunding planned Parenthood has WHAT to do with Zika, Senator? Pass a clean bill!
@SenateGOP so just like you GOP dolts do w/ the failed TRILLION $ #warondrugs?
the @GOP has blocked almost a dozen Veterans bills that were put up by @TheDemocrats. You have no right to complain
@SenateGOP Just call Obama, he can use EXEC orders to fund it... The State Dept. can get Cash whenever needed as well...
You will soon be Senate Minority Ldr Yerle.
Cut the crap and send a clean bill to the floor! No defunding of Planned Parenthood! How's your 7 week paid vacation BTW?
Then drop the riders you keep hiding in these bills!!
The GOP puts so many admendments to the bills they can't pass them.. Why can't the GOP pass a clean bill? We need a new Leader
No, u did. Put forward a clean bill
Tell us what Republicans snuck into the bill Senator that shouldn't be there so we know why. DO YOUR JOB!!!
这都是民主党的老把戏啦。又不玩了一次，轻车熟路去应对。还有几个月我们就拿回白宫，可不能松劲啊。一鼓作气国会白宫全收，这是我的目的。
I agree,,,shut down government, ,,please take your toys and go home and retire
You're a liar & incompetent leader.
Mitch, you know that's a false statement .  Nice try
No, that would be YOU, Mitch, and the @SenateGOP who refuse to bring a clean bill to the floor.

How was your 7-week vacation?
