Let's face it.  YOU'VE failed.
Face it, the GOP has failed...to do anything remotely useful in the last 8 years.
Yippe! GOP is happy that a program to help people has failed. GOP offers no alternative. Mitch says "SUCK IT" America!
let's face it you failed
Cheap shot BTW "racist" does not mean I do not agree with you!
Now it means I don't have an argument to counter your opinion.
Sorry I overreacted out of frustration. McConnell continues to be an obstructionist.
No prob, lesson learned dems rammed that POS bill thru with no interest in giving the other side a say. In real life does that ever work?
WRONG.Remove it & you condemn me & up to 20 Million others.  Trying to break Hilter/Stalin's death total?
so quick to say obamacare didn't work. Pretty sure senate doesn't work. Appoint supreme  court justice. That's your job.
: Spare me worst Republican ever. You don't give a flying F about the people or you would have backed Cruz. @CNN
No, YOU'VE failed w/your 8yrs of racist obstructionism of our 1st Black POTUS. Sore losing GOP piece of . #DoYourJob
yeah, since when have you cared at all about the American people. all you care about is your bottom line. Parasite!
Did anyone tell Trump .. here he is saying the opposite https://youtu.be/3tzlpArJVgs 
you are a failure. Perhaps the biggest one ever. Remove yourself frm office and go awayI hate you with every fiber of my being
Not as bigly as you have failed as a 'leader'
@McConnellPress @CNN Nope hasn't failed me- works good foolish old man
Face it, you fail the country every single day you're in office.
McConnell, YOU let Obamacare pass and now have the audacity to ask us for votes?  REALLY?
it's better than anything you guys did for USA people!
Sir you are the one that has failed, please resign save what's left of your dignity..
You failed, Mitch.  You failed to do your job.  Vote for POTUS's nominee for the Supreme Court!
thanks to you sir,. We should claw back your health care, and we should all have the same privilege that you do,
No in reality you have failed the people in this country.  You have also elected a man who only caters to white people.
You have failed the American people with all your obstructions. the country will never unite.
u had 6 yrs to offer options-  u couldn't even agree among yourselves nor did u get 1 plan scored by CBO
imagine if you would have stood with @SenTedCruz when he was fighting to stop it.
when elected officials refuse to do the jobs they are elected to do, they are not obstructionists, they are traitors!
@SenatorReid Face it-the GOP has wasted  8 yrs squawking repeal while doing nothing to improve the ACA! DOYOURJOB!
Why didn't you proactively work to defund Obamacare?
no you've failed! Failed to provide a better alternative, heck any alternative.  out u go like stale goods!
@McConnellPress @CNN Obamacare has helped our small business get affordable coverage. No it hasn't failed.
Nope once again our illustrious, intelligent, hard working Senate Leader is LYING to the American people
It has not failed people who were uninsurable due to pre-exisiting & chronic illnesses. Rather than criticize, cooperate.
So Mr. McConnell, how come you funded it for 7 years knowing it was a loser?
Your a do nothing RINO!
You have not made ONE accurate claim about ACA. Ever.
face it. Congress has failed to do the one job they are supposed to. Vet the Supreme Court nominee. Terrible.
And by failure, you mean people who COULD NOT GET INSURANCE due to preexisting conditions have coverage?
@McConnellPress @CNN You are the biggest failure ever.Your Obstruction built DT.Why do you think Pubs are sick of you?
Don't toot your horn too much, you and Speaker Ryan have done little if nothing to stop it! Just like everything else!
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
You need to go.  You've done nothing for the last 8 years but obstruct the functioning of our democracy.
no! Check with CBO Mitch
naw, man
You are a lying pr*ck. Only 2 mil people will have premium cost rise but offset by increase in subsidies
#DoYourJob .#weneednine
@McConnellPress @CNN no the Congress has failed to help people that now can get insurance. @Gopal is part of the problem!
you're 100# right!
Only the parts inserted by GOP are failing b/c GOP didn't want single payer.  FLUCK THE GOP.
And you have a better idea. Nope.
Failed parts r those inserted by GOP instead of giving us single-payer. GOP worked hard to cripple ASA.FU
and you keep making sure it gets funded W/ your friends over in the house!
.@SenateMajLdr It failed @CNN? They can afford private ins. I'm sure you'll explain how Congress weakened ACA & contributed to the problem
Face it....you have failed.
You must be so proud because it was more important to you to see it fail than for Americans to have health coverage @CNN
Face it you have failed
What plan for insuring EVERYBODY affordably does @GOP offer? Give us SPECIFICS!!!
where ya been Mitch?
Scientists release picture of a Mitch Mcconnel - a rare species of Senator who hibernates for months during bad news cycles  @SenateMajLdr 
You did your best to break it and now complain that it's broken? Do your JOB and fix it.
so have you.

Next...

#NewLeaderWanted
Face it...you're soon to be Min. Ldr. Yertle.
