
Nixon would've fixed the #ACA Reagan would've fixed the #ACA What calls itself Republican today is a fashy nihilist cult, not Conservatism
he has returned hope to Americans in general. except the corrupt, they are hopeless.
Such bunk.  Coal industry is dead.  Solar is in. Oh wait you get money from coal business.  Didn't you cut their health care promise?
To the clueless turtle, congratulations on bringing back jobs that are going away because of evolution.  We need solar not coal
Hope for a dying industry is false hope. We need to lead these workers to the future of energy where jobs are plentiful.
As always, you continue to lead with lies that will only end up hurting the people you represent.
For crying out loud ! Coal jobs are not coming back! Come one people, wake up!
WE THE PEOPLE "CHOSE THEN ELECTED" PRES-TRUMP. WE R TAKING NAMES OF EVERY R-POLITICIAN WHO REFUSES 2 COME OUT PUBLICLY
DEFENDING > > >>>
Please start working on bringing back jobs in the dial-up Internet industry. Broadband and fast Internet has destroyed this market
Excuse me while I go laugh into my covfefe...

Bullshit. Lie, lies and more lies.
You like the so-called president are an embarrassment to this country. #Disgrace #25thamendmentnow
DJT may have returned hope to uber rich coal INDUSTRIALISTS, but coal workers and those living nearby are still toast. @mcconnellpress
can Obama not be stopped from visiting other countries leaders and dinegrating our president?  Korea 2 days ago. "US is  without leadership"
JFC. 
Thank God for President Trump.  Keeping his promises to coal country #coalisking
Do your job with healthcare!!!! Obamacare is not working!!!
Please retire

WE WILL KICK EVERY 1-OF U OUT WHEN U COME UP 4 RE-ELECTION AND REPLACE U WITH ANOTHER BUSINESSMAN ! ! ! THIS IS YOUR-CHOICE. . .
#25thAmendmentNow
Yay for black lung
False Hope.
Well sen.Mitch MCConnell wants to distroy AFC Healthcare because Black Presdi Obama pass it for all USA with preconditio
Mitch. What the hell happened to you?  Trump, Russia, taking people's Insurance, cutting Medicaid. Great Legacy. Wow.
HE KEPT HIS WORD...YOU KEEP YOURS...REPEAL O'CARE NOW!!!  OR PAY THE PRICE @ THE BALLOT BOX...REPEAL IT!
Just another Lie.

SURE....??? YOUR WELCOME....???
AND SUPPORTING OUR PRESIDENT. HERE IS OUR PROMISE 2 EVERY REPUB
IF WE DO NOT SEE U PUBLICLY DEFENDING & SUPPORTING OUR PRES WE
PROMISE > >>
Coal is dead.  So is the health care you promised.  You only support company's that make money & risking their employees.
fantasy la la land that coal will come back....come on!  we all know it has to be replaced with wind and solar!
BLACK LUNG
Or do more people die because of lack of safeguards so no longer need employment and can't vote you out?
Trumps the only republican I have any respect for. Shameful the BS going on in congress
Coal will never come back. Why tell people it will? It is nasty and hazardous to people's health. Drooping Dawg.
Need to focus on clean and renewable energy and train workers for those or other industries.  Coal is dirty fuel & needs to be left behind.
Mr McConnell, I am reaching out to this entire administration and asking that tonight while you brush your teeth to look in the mirror
Are you proud of who you see? Do you really believe what Mr Trump is doing is right?
You are no better or different than any of your constituents, you brush your teeth and towel dry your mouth and look up like me
When I look up I am proud of who I am and what I do, I know my dad is proud, is yours? Do you really like who you see?
Please look at yourself and think everyone out there brushing their teeth just like you, you cant believe this is ok
what this president is doing to our country. I know you believe in a better country than this,so please tonight..
think of me think of all of us out there looking in our mirrors just like you...
Stop lying and stop distracting. We know you're up to cheating again, Mitch...
Soon parents won't have to worry about encouraging their kids to stay in school a get a decent job - just send them off to the pits again.
Oh and while he's at it maybe we should try to replace as many traffic signals as we can with coppers or signal people.
Now if he can just rid us of all those modern garbage trucks across America which are making garbage men a thing of the past.

Sen.REPEAL OBAMACARE ASAP! NO HOLIDAY RECESS! SEN SASSE HAS IT RIGHT! REPEAL NOW, THEN LATER REPLACE! THE GOP WILL BE GONE IF NOT. 3rd Party
What about renewable energy? Coal will run out
That hope is temporary and you know it. You always said Obamacare was a job killer, it wasn't. Your bill will be a job AND human killer.
Thanks to Allison lenders on grimes for protecting my private information, a Kentuckian I'm proud of
Good luck with that, Sparky.
YOUR HOME STATE #Kentucky
Lie
Clearly, your definition of "hope" is "the promise of an antiquated fuel source that won't be worth its weight."  

You.  Are.  A.  Fool.
Simple majority! No summer recess!
COAL is dead, only the ignorant believe the lies u deliver to distract the people from the real issues. VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE
Don't worry, Mitch, your heath bill will kill them.  How do you sleep at night being such a selfish liar?
i sorry but it is just a pipe dream..the black death was yesterdays energy source
Need to not take august recess and get to work like the rest of us that have to work 5 and 6 days a week, get trump agenda going
The coal industry is going the way of blacksmiths.
Ignorant people believe this bullshit! Coal industry is dead!
Dear Mitch we are not making Net worth, $22.5 million but have dire needs Health care  help All USA Southern  & forgotten & All PLEASE !
You are stealing the hope from the people, while you create an America for the rich only!  What does it take to have you listen
Trump then lifted the sanctions off Russia to pay back
Trump couldn't get any loans here in the U S so Trump went the Russians to get him in the Presidential
McConnell you to impeach Trump then worry about healthcare system Trump laundry money through the Russians an you know it
In 7 years McConnell still doesn't have a workable #Trumpcare plan.

So what will they do?

Repeal ONLY and screw you bigger.

Enjoy!
Bottom line Health care sucked b4 2010, however, after 2010 it became non-existent! Dems own that! GOP can't resuscitate what Dems KILLED!
Dear Russian Trolls:
They past 8 yrs, all you did was obstructed everything
Why do you keep sending false hope to you people in KY? Work with Dems, they know about healthcare.
TrumpCare has removed hope from the millions who will lose healthcare, but returned hope to 6 people working in a coal mine.
Next up:  the floppy disc and wringer washer industries! So many lost jobs!
#COAL please watch National Geographic's "From the Ashes" the truth not Alternative Facts
#coal the dishonesty of this article is shameful.educate to get healthier jobs,better access to health care
#coal how?details?by taking away ACA? preexisting conditions and already reached lifetime caps.aid opioid
No jobs, no salaries, no benefits but they always have "hope".  Faith in a con man billionaire who lies, cheats and steals.  Cool? not.
Moving our nation backwards I have given hope to Kentucky's Quill Pen Industry which has seen a significant drop over the years.
really?
You need to do right by us & support @realDonaldTrump. Get stuff done like the wall & immigration reform & healthcare. It's time to do right
Subsidize Telsas huge mine for batteries. Huge carbon footprint so the electrodes feel good driving their energbunnies
Shame on all of you !! Elections coming do nothing congress. Swoosh !!
you are destroying america
What, by saying and doing nothing.
Full REPEAL NOW, replace later!   It's what YOU PROMISED!!!
Coal is not coming back and stop trying to take people's healthcare from them. Expand Medicare for all.
Explains Y "stay silent on sexism" @SenMajLdr McConnell won't denounce @realdonaldtrump's attack on @morningmika. Politics ahead of decency.
That is ridiculous. Most coal jobs are automated. Is he bring back horse & buggy jobs, too?
What a phony ass story and you should be a shamed McConnell why not shot for renewable energy coal is obsolete
Trump has also brought embarrassment to this country...
Awesome! Is Blockbuster coming back next? I saved my member card.
Please explain how this is good. Coal is dirty and we have so many cleaner options. Does GOP just bury their heads? #ClimateChange
Yes especially Mitchh McConnell in his turtle shell he is as big of a liar as the president these jobs will never cone back like it once was
That's all it is, fake hope. McConnell you should be ashamed of continuing support Trump. I hope he takes U down with him and Ryan. Cowards.
Thanks for  killing the air dumpy,
Hope for coal? Who aspires to work in a coal mine? Bring them jobs oppprtunities that won't threaten their life
Why you tell lies, not one coal minor more working today and the minors really don't want to go back into the mine they just want a job
I think you mean, "false hope".
What a joke
He's a savage. No hope only despair as long as he is in WH.
Which will be DASHED in short order.
http://www.courier-journal.com/story/opinion/contributors/2017/05/09/healthcare-miners-and-families-secured-sen-mitch-mcconnell/312927001/ …
I just got off work from my coal mining job. Coal sales are up big time. Coal is mined and burned clean.  #Maga
They will never get coal jobs back
Only for them to have their hopes dashed by reality.
Trump has returned hope to the Fuller Brush salesmen.
What hope we don't want to be another China with smog so bad you can't see. And the heath care you denied them.
Coal is DEAD
Liar, machines do most of the coal mining. Wake up, it's 2017.

Watch "From the Ashes."
hope is not jobs! talk talk talk
This is a lie coal is dead as will the miners be when they no longer have healthcare because of YOU
You do realize that there are few buyers for your precious coal. Even Trump is pushing for nat gas to export, not coal. Why do you lie to KY
There is no such thing as CLEAN SAFE COAL Energy....
Is Photomat next?
he's deceived,  duped and bamboozled -- use your dictionary.
What is wrong with people do you have no soul. He has not changed  and you stand by him so ashamed of you guys. Just disgusting
...but the coal industry museum uses solar energy.
At least talk about solar and wind, or will you risk losing support from your dark money donors?
Cool to see the hand of the free market reverse course and extend the reach of the fed to save old jobs and slow growth within clean energy
Future in coal? Dinosaurs next?
How's that, exactly? He's aiming to yank their healthcare away and has brought them nothing but the promise of dirtier air and water.
WOW MARY! YOUR PRESIDENT BARRY, YOUR HEALTHCARE! LIAR LIAR. YOUR DIRTY WATER, YOUR DIRTY AIR! YOUR LYING PRESIDENT, JUST LIKE YOU MARY!
False hope
Hope does not equal jobs and talk is cheap. Solar is the future which brings good jobs, safer jobs and clean air. Kentuckian deserve better.
Everybody incl coal executives know that regulations are not what is killing coal-be smarter to bring NEW industry to coal country #GOPLIES
What..... charCOAL briquettes! Kingsford must LOVE you! Summer is BBQ season!
False hope is the most hurtful Kind
Coal is going down the tubes. Please stop lying to those poor (literal and figurative) people.

Good one..............
