Because why? Oh right, you filibustered every single nomination
Bullshit! #GOP is focused on party agenda/doing bidding of #POTUS under investigation vs. country/Americans! You'll pay price in 2018!

Its looking more and more every day that the Democrats have absolutely NO intent on representing Democracy. The People just don't matter
So true.  They do not care about this country or its people. Sad.
Please just slip and fall in the shower. At your age it'll make America truly great again.
And they learned just as you will, what goes around comes around.
Bullshit.
Republicans changed the constitution to gain more power for repubs.
Hmm...maybe if you actually worked WITH President Obama and the Democrats, you know, did your job, extreme options wouldn't have been chosen
Yes, after a period of unprecedented obstruction of President Obama’s nominees. You have no high ground on this issue.
How does he sleep at night?
I don’t know. It makes me so frustrated.
It makes me sick to my stomach
Often, silence is a better option than stupidity. Mr. McConnell, you can't justify childish power-grabs by blaming others. If you feel
you've made the right decision, own it; don't try to fool the masses by saying, "but they started it". You're not 12 years old.
Enjoy your last moments in the sun. You will NEVER hold your seat again if you "go nuclear". Never.
Ha!  Dems are making fools of themselves
Sure Penny. Senate Republicans illustrating the height of hypocrisy and I'm the fool. OK.
Ok.  Glad you get it.
Thanks for coming back weeks later with that inane reply. I get it. Sarcasm is lost on the uneducated.
That didn't involve seating a USSC justice How convenient you forgot to mention that bit. You cried about tradition Obama's last year. Irony
You know, and I know, that's not quite the whole story. A compromise was reached which the right agreed to. Then broke the agreement.
Because you tried to block every nomination there was by @POTUS44 you hypocrite!  You're a loser!
Ur so comfortable being an obstructionist & have no idea what to do in the drivers seat. u made this bed last year when u refused Garland.
Hey Jeff.... Can you tell me, specifically, what Obama did that made your life, or this country better, stronger, safer, or more proud?
Don't invoke Reid. He's gone. Don't blame the Dems, YOU did this. Your legacy is complete. You broke what you could. Go away now, old man.
Yeah, and they were equally f-ed up as you are for your actions.  Pathetic excuse for "leadership"
You should follow the same advice we give @realDonaldTrump , STOP TWEETING! You are embarrassing yourself. The hypocrisy is laughable!
GOP style- If you don'\t win-change the rules
You know what Turtleman? We know. We all know what YOU did to Obama, we will not forget, your days in office are numbered you tw@t.
Again, hypocrisy much, McConnell? #RepublicanHypocrisyInAction
Since you obstructed Merrick Garland, you're not one to talk
You're really trying to spin. Feel better?
Shame on you for degrading our constitution!
You are lying.  Your use of the nuclear option is NOT THE SAME as what Dems used in 2013. Theirs excluded Supreme Court nominees.
But the Dem nuclear option did not apply to nominees for the Supreme Court!!!  Only for lower court judges.


Merrick Garland
Still doesn't excuse GOP dragging their feet with President Obama's pick.
#shameonyou!
So be it sir....Let them have it!!
But you did not give a chance fo4 Obama's pic jackass MF
May it screw your party over in the future!
At the time THEY weren't under the influence of a hostile foreign nation & an illegitimate POTUS 's
Your time in the Senate is limited
You're just trash.

All day, every day, you are an embarrassment to the #UnitedStates on a global level.
Quit the hypocritical whining and just go away!
HUBRIS
@McConnellPress loud town halls in your future!!
This is why the American people are fed up with both parties. It's all about your egos/power plays. So much for representing the people.
For lower courts, and due to the unprecedented number of REPUBLICAN filibusters in appointing judges. #howsoonweforget
You are a disappointment.  Few senators have discredited the integrity of office as much as you have. #LoveLetterToMcConnell
No one is buying this nonsense. Enjoy your parties final months of majority. It will come to an end.
Yeah, good luck with that. It will come back to bite you in the ass.
Hypocrite.  Hypocrite.  Hypocrite.  Kentucky deserves better, the USA deserves better.
Don't even. There's no moral high ground for you. Go look in the mirror to find the problem. #SanctimoniousHypocrite
If Mitch McConnell changes. Mitch McConnell changes the rules.
The common theme between the 2 events was that (D)s were willing to listen, (R) mafia wanted their way or nothing. Same shit, different day.
@McConnellPress no Mitch you did. GOP couldve selected new candidate but took the bully way out w nuclear option. Karma's a..
Idiot!
You are Senate Majority Leader in name only because you are NO LEADER.
NOT the same. It was done ONLY for lower courts and government positions. It EXCLUDED for Supreme Court justices. Not the same, hypocrite.
You are the MOST partisan person I have every encountered.  You were horrific to Obama and the world will not forget.
You mean sorta like refusing to vote on Merrick Garland at all?  Congratulations on stealing the SCOTUS seat.  I HATE YOU!
After you blocked 82 appointments
Merrick Garland
You mean like that time you said a president couldn't nominate a judge in his last year when it had been done before? You are so full of bs
You have turned American Democracy into a dictatorship,You shall reap what you sow for what you did to Garland & for ur scotus pick!
How come we only hear this statement from you?  Fake news again?  You republicans are good at that
and now you did the same thing to the SCOTUS nominees. Congratulations, you are what you despise. . Be comfortable with your shittyness
After you filibustered all of the nominees at an unprecedented level.  SHAME!
It doesn't look good for Democrats. Using the Nuke just exactly what Democrats used during OB's presidency. Careful when U change the rules
Shame on you.
Because Republicans blocked almost every Obama appointment. Memories are long, payback is coming. #NuclearOption
Senate Republicans, lead by you, filibustered federal judicial nominees requiring 250+ cloture votes. #whatdidyouexpect #nomorelies
Two wrongs does not make one right.  SCOTUS is too important for political purpose.  Please work in a bipartisan way.
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
Use nuclear option
Two wrongs don't make it right.  Grow up - and be a leader - not the schoolyard bully who changes the rule for his favor.
mitch mcconnell is such a joke. can't believe he got elected even once. The man has zero intelligence and even less morality. #trumpslapdog
Two wrongs don't make a right! Two wrongs don't make a right! Two wrongs don't make a right! Two wrongs don't make a right! You are WRONG!!!
Using nuclear opt for Supreme Court nom, next is legislation... when does it end. You ALL are spiraling out of control!
NO, @GOP DID IT FIRST.
#MerrickGarland
You will be remembered for betraying your nation in service of a convicted Russian collaborator, @POTUS . Your name will be a curse B.Arnold
You have got to be the biggest coward in the senate
Not for a SCOTUS nominee. Scope and context is important, not that you care about anything other than maximizing your portfolio.
Because of this. Your party does nothing but obstruct. Hypocrite!
No pointing blame elsewhere today - McConnell has got to go. Anybody who would change rules rather than follow them has weakened our system.
they did it first!  so, that makes it right?
And the American people decided twice that Obama should be able to nominate Supreme Court Judges #OwnIt #NuclearOption is yours now
They took that approach due to your unprecedented and wholly partisan blocking of Obama's nominees. Look in the mirror for blame Senator
And after obstructing and not holding a hearing for #MerrickGarland if you had any morals you would hold a hearing for #MerrickGarland
You can say it all you like, but the truth remains the same. You caused this and this is your legacy. I hope you enjoy it.
You changed the ground rules with #MerrickGarland now you are tearing the house down to get ur way. This'll come back to bite u by and by.
not for lifetime ones. Hypocrite!
Own what your party is doing. No more blame gaming. Corruption. Lies. Collusion. Russia. The GOP needs a cleanse.
But not for high courts! I did this and you are way off!!!
LIES
This is the Supreme Court. Do you follow ANY of the laws and rules in place? NO until we KNOW the results of investigation!
Yeah they did Mitch for judges not being confirmed for the Supreme Court. More lies from PRICK Repubs!!
You are a true bottom feeder-
Karma is a b*tch, McConnell. You reap what you sow.
Do the same thing  and make them squeal like the spoiled babies that they are. Go back to a safe space and suckle a sugar tit.
You cannot charge you changing the rules on the Democrats you BIG LIAR.  You will go down for this move against the people.  We see  you!!
That's a lie
bullshit! We are still waiting for a hearing on #MerrickGarland that was unprecedented that you wouldn't give him a hearing!
End this soap opera!!!
Do you even get surprised at your own bullshit?
STOLEN SEAT, STOLEN SEAT, STOLEN SEAT!!!
You will be know as the man that destroyed the US Senate. #hypocrite No one has ever not let a Pres. nominee have a hearing before, but you!
Go see a therapist.  Bad behavior is bad behavior. Own your RACIST behavior. Quit deflecting like a 5 yr old.  #StolenSeat
you sure do tweet a lot.  Ever stop to do any real work than spew lies and propaganda on Twitter?
Remember Garland.
You effectively filibustered Merrick Garland for almost a YEAR, and now you're indignant over a Democratic filibuster. SHAME on YOU.
Dems only do it to protect citizens, @Gop OTOH does it to take away rights from citizens. SEE THE DIFFERENCE??
by the way history will remember that you refused to vote on Garland and we will never forget what you did in stealing a supreme court seat
so we can can do it back to ya nothing you can do about we will stack the court with progressives and all you can do is sit there
Again, you fail to provide context. And, you always act like you're better than the Dems. Maybe you should actually ACT BETTER.
and guess what mitch it was a mistake it came back to bite my party in the butt later I cant wait till we control everything again in 2020
Yes and you said it was not in the best interest of the country. So now that it serves your interest you are for it #hypocrite
SATs a great deal about what a poor choice Trump made with Gorsuch
No! You changed the rules when you decided to prevent Merrick Garland from having a hearing!
Turtles can write?
You are such a hypocrite, all you & Republican senators ever did was obstruct Obama.What's up with Gorsuch refusing to meet female Senators?
LIAR
Only after GOP stalled everything out of spite.  You are not a leader, you are a crooked evil man. History will show you as   Worst Sml ever
And why did they do that Mitch?

Hope you mark this day once you're 'senate MINORITY leader' again...
What would you have done if NONE of your @POTUS appointments would be allowed? And @POTUS44 nominees were actually qualified for the posts.
I guess you are senile because you dont remember, not for #SCOTUS, & you were blocking appointments of lower court judges.
Republicans decided to “change the ground rules” for handling judicial nominations #MerrickGarland
And why?Who met during both Obama inaugurations VOWING to OBSTRUCT his administration at every turn?WHO?U! #NoNuclearOption Fix what U BROKE
You blocked EVERY SINGLE nomination in 2013
You're insane. You tanked the federal court system by using 1/2 the filibusters EVER against Obama alone ... #liar #2018
No old buddy you and the Republicans are changing the rules
How about this time when yourepeal and replace Obamacare that the house and the senate  has to use it as well.
So two wrongs make a right? That explains a lot of your behavior. #mtpol

Better yet...Schumer needs a legacy too! So instead of *Reid Option* , use *Schumer Option* all equates to *Nuclear Option*
GO NUCLEAR
Totally different circumstances
It is rude to blame others for your own unwillingness to compromise. It's unchristian to lead w/o compassion for colleagues or constituents.
no, u decided that when u denied the hearings for Garland. This rest solely on your shoulders. If yo decide to change the rules, YOU own it!
They were wrong to do that, but understand the govt was at a standstill bc of reps. You doing it now,will prove 2 wrongs don't make a right
