I am very disappointed in you Sen McConnell! You stepped all over our Democracy to get this guy in!
Breaking the rules to change the rules is un-American. -Mitch McConnel, 2013
I just hope the majority leader thinks about his legacy, the future of his party, and... -Mitch McConnell, 2013
...most importantly, the future of our country before he acts. -Mitch McConnell, 2013. 
A man of principles..flexible principles.
What happened to drain the swamp?
Where's Mitch's bluster? He goes nuclear & then clams up-what a coward

We Shall remember your actions in 2018 expect major losses in 2018! #Resist
Russians have plans for us for 2018 and 2020 -- THIS is what McConnell s/b focusing on.
What kind of "honorable" man wants a Supreme Court seat that was stolen because of a) stolen election and b) stolen from Garland? Honorable?
No players here R honorable. Job is tainted cause POTUS under inves., swollen seat,  voter 4 big business.  Vote Mitch if he goes nucleur
If I could vote Mitch out, I would, but my Cong. & Senators are awesome. I resent that McConnell has power over ME but I can't vote him out.
I have the same issue here in Georgia one who is sick and the other a political Ambitious, narcissistic... oh my goodness!
Senate, Congress?
We have a special election to replace Tom Price and we w/brains are very hopeful - Jon Ossoff!
I hope he wins. It seems hopeful.
We are working on it Sally he's not in my district but is in my daughters and throughout the state people are supportive and working 4 HOPE!
need to get rid of voting machines
So was Garlund except he had bipartisan support. #disgrace #ForgetCommonSense
You lying dog!!! We are going to vote you and the rest of your Repub traitors out of office
You have completely ruined our government. How anyone has continued voting you into office? You are not for the people.
mitch you are as scummy as they come
Mitch needs to go. He is not for America he is for his own power. His last term!
sociopath McConnell destroys senate, does not care about anything other than his donors.  Teasing his followers coal is coming back #NoWay
Strike 1, Gorsuch supported Apartheid   
Strike 2 said all women are schemers 4 maternity leave.
Strike 3 fired frozen black truck driver.
& you're extraordinarily unqualified to be in office or be an American. You allowed someone who believes women do not have rights to SCOTUS
So well-qualified that you and President Bannon are forever linked to stealing this seat.
So is Garland!
The man who presided over the demise of the Senate
Kentucky should be ashamed of you!
World's biggest hypocrite-A true anti-American. When the Repubs are swept from Congress you'll be Majority Leader no longer. Chew on that!
"Breaking the rules to change the rules is un-American. I just hope the majority leader thinks about his legacy,"....Mitch McConnell 2013
Coward!! you refuse to listen to your fellow senators. No majority means there's a problem. Why can't you work out issues? U r a big bully
And  tom price would be trumps catheter
History will judge you Mitch. You're power hungry & betrayed our Constitution changing the rules to win seat. Shame on you, not serving us.
You are a poor excuse for a man. You lack honor, integrity and dignity. Liar & hypocrite.
Mitch, you are a traitor and a thief, for now and forever.
THANKS for getting Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation to the Supreme Court. Great job.
Disgusting to force him in and steal the seat. You are a shameful unAmerican man. #loser
How tf do u have the nerve to say this? U r as corrupt as the others #fartface #russiagate #investigatemitch #CORRUPTION #fuckGOP
payback's a son of a gun
During the Obama administration all time fillerbusting record and also a turtle-looking turtle
Is that official GOP policy now? When you can't win by the established rules, just cheat and change them? #gorsuch
.@McConnellPress Wouldn't give Obama's nominee a fair hearing but changes rules to push thru a SCJustice who couldn't get 60 votes. Sad.
Silly Turtle.. You do realize you used the Trump card on something you didn't have to. What goes around WILL come around.
A shameful act, but then again, Mcconnel has no shame
So was Merritt Garland. And he wasnt nom'd by a criminal. Proving yourself just another liar cheat and fraud representing your filthy party
So since McConnell changed the rules to get his way for the USSC nominee, We will now change how the electoral college works to get our way.
Congratulations on getting Gorsuch confirmed! Though using the "Nuclear Option" was a risky move, the Dumb Dems made it's use necessary!.
Lying duplicitous vile and a lack of character
The Dems were fairer to your guy then you were to the other guy
@mitchmcconnell_ @GOP @SenateGOP YOU ARE THE BIGGEST THREAT TO OUR DEMOCRACY!
Crook.
You know what karma is? Your a thief and it will catch up to u sooner or later it always does, the devil gets paid
You are a horrible man with no integrity.
You must have no mirrors in your house. I don't know how you can stand to look at yourself. Do you ever feel shame? Little pathetic man...
If he's so qualified why'd you have to lower the bar and change the rules to get him confirmed
You are the worst senate president ever. What a hyprocrite!. This is a very sad day for America, the us senate and the supreme court!
So was Obama's choice. You will reap what you sow! 2018 can't come fast enough!!!
This is a stolen seat. This is a stolen seat. This is a stolen seat. This is a stolen seat. This is a stolen seat. This is a stolen seat.
you wrote history today. You are a cheater and traitor.
Mitch, you & Rep STOLE Obama's Supreme Court Justice PICK! You've fu**ed our Democracy & believe me, Rep will lose seats in 2018 & 2020 @gop
I wish I could vote you OUT Mitch! You should be OUSTED for your actions! Rethuglicans will pay for your actions yesterday!
SHAME ON YOU ALL!!!   You will never be forgiven for this!!
How can you claim that, he denied a woman with cancer on doctors orders to stay home during flue outbreak, is that christian or republican?
Judge Garland was "extraordinarily well-qualified" also.  Senator you're a GD hypocrite and most people hate Congress due to bastards like U
@McConnellPress Why we should give too cents what McConnell says, 35 years in office and his state is the poorest, most drug infested pos:)
YOUR legacy will be hateful. YOU will be a black mark in history. YOU should feel shame for such vengeance. #UNChristian
Today, YOU broke our history, our government. YOU & your peers will go down in history as DESTROYING 3 branches of government! FOUGHT FOR!
.@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts @SenateMajLdr you are wrong and going nuclear was wrong. Downfall of our republic is on your shoulders
I agree but don't go nuclear option let it go to prove a point that dems won't accept any trump nominee when they refuse the next nominee
You never won anything as a kid and bigger kids took your lunch everyday in school.  This is your revenge.  Sad....weak old man
'Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.' Thomas Jefferson would be appalled by your actions, Mitch.
Gorsuch has some politically motivated decisions. He's not a constitutionalist. Merrick Garland deserved a hearing and a vote.
Gorsuch might be well qualified but you, Mitch, are not.  Step down for the good of the country.
Stop this vote, US citizens deserve better - thus is not the time to get even
Gorsuch is almost as terrible a person as you are Senator.  You couldn't get the votes, so you changed the rules. You're an EMBARRASSMENT!!!
the Rational is you are a child and should have already approved @POTUS44 nomination
You stupid stupid f**k.

McConnell, you're what's known politically as a "slack-cunted slattern".  In case you didn't know.
foolish and short sighted. people have had it and the changes are coming
1/you and repubs could have made some gesture in these troubled times, to the tens millions who won pop vote, with a centrist scotus pick. .
gerrymandering, obstruction, voter suppression, hypocrisy, cheating, vote rigging trump, war in iraq,, bank  economic melt downs, = republis
No he is not. You should be ashamed of yourself and your actions. SHAME SHAME SHAME!!!
so was Garland you partisan hack.
well qualified is not the issue.
You and your GOP cohorts are THIEFS!  SHAME, SHAME, SHAME ON YOU!!!  Party over common sense.  BAD!!!!!

CIA knew earlier than we thought that Russia was acting to help Trump. Mitch McConnell obstructed efforts to warn us https://nyti.ms/2oODv2Q 
You were a rock star today.
So was Merrick Garland-he rated a hearing. #Cheaters
You are an evil man and history will not look kindly on your destroying the USA.
Change the candidate, not the rules, embicile.
Fool!
please inform Senator McConnell that he is a giant sack of lying shit. Thank you 
You are a true ass. How could you stoop to such low levels?  A white, old fart lording over the masses. You should be ashamed.
So was Merrick Garland.
partisan nuclear option is purely partisan & an unacceptable change!!!


Great job today. Proud of all of the Republicans who stood up to the Democrat obstructionism.
The laws that have been changed just reflect all the tearing down of democracy. It shows who the government cares about and it's not us poor
you have singlehandedly destroyed the institution of the Senate.  Shame.
PLEASE RESIGN.....YOU ARE TOO OLD AND NEED TO GO.  WAITING FOR YOU TO RESIGN. WE NEED LESS OLD CRUSTY WHITE MEN IN THE SENATE. GO!!
So was Merrick Garland, but u wouldn't give him any hearings! You're an unbelievable ass!
So was Merrick Garland. Remember how you weren't going to confirm anyone under Clinton either? #Turtleman
You sir do not care about this country. You are a traitor, a liar, and a fraud. All you care about is making this country a 1 party system.
after yr nuclear option, starting a prayer group to pray for your immediate death.
Thank you for going nuclear. It's nice to see the GOP have some strength for a change. Let's keep it going, please, Sir.
How does it feel to have sold  out america to russia?
divided country more shame on you and http://GOP.party  and corporations before ppl
You will go down as the person who destroyed the Senate. Despicable
You blocked a rightful candidate then changed the rules to get yours in. Did you think we would all forget? #shame #NuclearOption #SCOTUS
Disgusting
Iu can fool yourself in thinking we opposed to Trump
& not Gorsuch'. Wrong don't like Gorsuch' b/c of his ideology. Read his book & olonions
Gorsuch may be qualified but you are not.
