You don’t tell the truth.
What a liar!
So make it work
Tax teform has NEVER helped incr wages, increase jobs, or save pensions. Never has! Never will! So @SenMajLdr shutup! Blood is on ur hands!
@GinniRometty @IBM contributes to Sen. McConnell allows  Foreclosure scam. #LockHimUp @realDonaldTrump https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/04/ibm_illegally_bleeding_mortgages/?mt=1506001930694 … … … … … …
#RepealObamacare the @GOP promised for 7 years #getitdone
So true
Blah blah blah ..show us action !
The GOP plan does nothing to change that except to increase taxes for millions. #FactFreeGOP #GOPLies #PathologicalLiar
How about tax return that doesn't help the POTUS so much?
LIAR. The past decade under OBAMA has seen steady growth after GOP policies and deregulation nearly caused a global economic meltdown.
Oh, Mitch. Good luck trying to convince us that champagne tax reform will help us beer drinkers.
Wrong! Americans have suffered through GOP lead Senate & House, and now the most disgraceful Administration in history. GOP has screwed us!
All due to GOP backed Neoliberal Trickle-Down Economics. You, your sociopathic party & the Dems are the reasons for all that suffering.
You throw the word NAZI around like it means nothing.  You nothing more than a Snowflake generation are a clueless lot.  Wake the hell up .
And the .@GOP response has been to weaken worker protections, campaign against minimum wage increases, engage in union busting, and make it easier for companies to screw over consumers.

GOP tax reform is about giving tax cuts to the rich. That's it.
Your tax cuts won't help the middle class. They will help the top 2% like @realDonaldTrump
All as a result of republican economic policies. But you would never own up to the disaster of the bush Great Recession.

Trump and Republicans want a big tax cut for the wealthy, claiming the gains will trickle down to the middle-class. Don't fall for it. 
Just like your supporters. 
#resignnow
Pass tax reform of DESTROY THE Republician Party
Americans have suffered enough - taxing the lower and middle class so the rich can get richer seems to be the only thing @GOP knows
And for that, we thank YOU! One term President coming up!
Your tax cut will further retract the economy. TAX CUTS ON THE RICH ARE A REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH. The @GOP are criminals.
Yea WE hv suffered & U ppl in t houses R more than partly responsible 4 it! I'll believe it when I see t new tax reform th will help US! 
How would this stiff know dat?
It was already on the right track before our current disaster-in-chief got elected. You've lied about it so long you believe your own BS.
From the economist:  Assessing Donald Trump’s plans for tax reform http://econ.st/2kpICIr 
Need to get your facts strait Schwartz.  Typical response full of misinformation from President Trump haters.

Don't stab middle class in the back Don't eliminate the deductions of local taxes and interest on mortgages
We have also suffered under Obamacare and you gave us a big fat zero. Why don’t you step aside and let a real leader take over
Yea after all that deregulation the dems and the republicans worked together on. it almost seems like both parties like corporations better
Americans have suffered enough from your NRA buyoff
What a shame “We The People” can’t do like you & all of your political comrades & just VOTE ourselves a raise. US gov needs overhaul more so
And you!  We have suffered through the Mitch McConnell era as well.
You are so full of it I wonder you can stand the scent of self.
Stop diminishing the accomplishments of prior Presidencies.Send a message of innovative tax reform to promote a higher economic potential!
hmmm it's been a trickle down economy since 1980. You guys own it.
If you want to help Americans get divorced from the NRA & enact Common Sense Gun Control Law before the next mass murder
Oh, please! Save it for the mirror! Everyone knows your tax reform Benefits your Donor Friends in the TOP ONE PERCENT!
don't think you will be able to pass TAX REFORM just like You Failed Passing Health Care. IF you can't lead, #RetireMitch
Just more lies from u sir!
Mitch get to work and pass the tax bill.
Welcome to the Kansas tax plan. Expect all government services to be underfunded. It's a feature, not a bug.
#BananaRepublicans
#Corrupt
You keep on spinnin' . You & that lyin' Ryan.
Half page now
Write bill that gives majority of savings to lower and middle class, then we will believe you care about KY voter economic opportunities
And how will giving tax breaks to the rich help the poor and middle class? Trickle down economics do not work.
No thanks to you. President Obama saved America from a huge recession.
Get the NRA out of politicians pockets first.
Mitch I think its time to sit down with POTUS & change the voting rules in the senate so we can get the agenda passed. please read this
So give a tax break to the wealthy? That’s trickle down lies, Senator, and you know it! Stop with the #GOPLies
MM... CarpetbaggingThief is clueless. #ImpeachTrump #resist
Do not buy a word u say. Your legislating is a #Koch fueled backslapping to all working folks & poor & women. #gohomeMitch #retire
How about Americans suffering under trickle down? Why not policies to help real movers of the economy - middle and learner income earners.
And this bill will perpetuate those things. Still working for corporations not the American people.
Cut Congress pay. Work for the people and not power or self interest! #leadershipfailure
Gee Mitch...by browsing through people's comments, it seems no one is buying your BS about tax reform. Everyone knows your a Koch sucker.
Maybe Trump can throw a few Russian propaganda bots your way. They can help you sell your policies that only help your corporate overlords.

The economy is growing according to @POTUS so let's see if you can demand a progressive tax schedule that supports growth of middle class
Only when we have republicans in office
So to fix this you give 80% of the tax cuts to those making $900,000+ ? You can keep your postcard  #TaxPlan
all for your wealthy bakish bribers
Yep. Well 7 or 8 anti-Trump senators won't allow to pass ANYTHING. We'll have to wait until we replace them.
Americans are suffering through a malignant pussy grabbing dictator and piss poor congressional leadership.
That's not about taxes, it's about too much power over us by employers!
Does Kansas serve as a good example?
Who are you kidding, your tax plan hikes taxes on the middle class and poor while giving a tax cut to the rich and corporations!
If this "tax reform" passes we will all suffer because @gop plans to gut Medicaid and line pockets of the 1%..    sure that sounds great
#18Voter Civil War to flip Congress of all rhino's who don't put America 1st,Total Repeal/Replace,TaxReform,Wall build,&18 budget by 31Oct17
We've suffered through gun violence that you don't care about bcz you and most of the @gop take blood $ from NRA. Shame Shame Shame on U!
McConnell I'm still wondering why you and all the people in there or not doing something to get Trump out of office
Thank goodness the House and Senate never had that problem! Maybe all Americans need is their own set of lobbyists to foot their individual life styles! You know, just like you guys! I’ve spoken with many experts and they all agree! You know it and I know it, everyone knows it!
And none of those things will be solved by your tax plan. *smacks forehead*
You want get it through because you don't have the guts!
Thanks Obama!
The only problem are people like McCain and other rinos not wanting to give Trump a victory.
Then why does your tax plan only benefit the wealthy? Your plan raises taxes on the middle class...
Do it already!! Knock the shit off!!!
We’ve also had to suffer through your terrible representation. Can’t wait to vote you into retirement.
All getting worse while you were in office. Maybe it’s because you put party before country.
SO GET ON BOARD THE TRUMP TRAIN!
Fuck you traitor. You and the GOP are largely responsible for the stagnation so don't act like you're trying to help.
GBush1 called it...Voodoo...Voooodooooooo
#Nov4ItBegins
Old man retire your sad a....
When did you start caring for the least among us?
I think I can do without the 1% tax cut to prevent the top 1% from getting an 8% tax cut. I like me some math. 
You shouldn’t have a paycheck, you don’t deserve a paycheck and we ALL WISH YOU WOULD RETIRE. You’re in the NRA’s and every other pocket.
Stagnant paychecks? SIGNIFICANTLY LOWER paychecks after doubled health insurance premiums my friend! Something YOU know NOTHING about!
You should resign in shame for causing it.
Thank the Republicans. They have been the architects of stagnant wages, precarious work, and Wall Street-ransacked retirement funds.
And it's all your fault!
We've suffered thru you and a no good congress.

We suffered through increased health insurance premiums & deductibles for the past 7 years but you don't give a damn about that.
Are you out of your mind??? Tax reform is the LEAST OF OUR PROBLEMS right now!!! Stop pushing your windfall tax bonus to upper 2% & WAKE UP!
Lying sack of 
GOP tax plan is actually cutting Medicare and Medicaid. That's how Republicans pay for tax breaks for 1%.
McFail--go away. This country is tired of your blah blah blah.
Your fault dude.
Well your idea for #taxreform seems to give MORE to Those With More Than Enough#TWMTE & less to Those Without Enough This is #Outrageous
That will not happen with current proposed plan. It is a sham to call it such, when it overwhelmingly benefits the rich. #TELLTHETRUTH

No 4th bracket
Omgosh you're a real Fraud...have you ever kept a promise to help the average American? No you have NOT.
Stop bringing in cheap labor
Mitch, Old Boy, the middle class has been decimated during your time in the senate. You deserve that 18% approval rating.
Because of Bush’s war which you fully supported
That’s because of YOU AND YOUR CRAVEN POLICIES. You and the @GOP are at war with the American people.
Are you on crack? I mean, we don't have the needed fingers and toes to count your failures. Here is the last one. You are there, see?
A lie a day is the #MitchMcConnell way
yep thats me, you all up there are pretty useless. balance the damn budget.i'm tired of paying 41% of my income for yall to buy votes with.
Mr. mconnell how many times have you robbed Medicare ? Your vote have shown you to be a liar
I haven't had an increase in 30 years, living paycheck to paycheck. BA degree
All true but can you deliver?
And you want to make it worse!
If u had not block Obama bills just maybe we would be in a better position.U give to rich and they send it off shore banks.
What are you even talking about? Seriously, what? Has your paycheck been stagnant 10 years? Any of your colleagues? Who's has?
What we’ve suffered through is enough of you being NRA’s bitch while Americans are slaughtered with weapons of war.  #BanAssaultWeapons
We're also getting slaughtered in the streets. How about gun control legislation or are you simply an NRA puppet? #GunControl
I agree......let's get it done,
Do your job ! WORK

Stop campaigning !

Stop lying !

Support our President!

Stop trying to sell me propaganda !
Then do your job! Rally your troops!We don't need convincing, It's your colleagues on the Hill. Get this done! Stop looking so incompetent!
The super rich have suffered through soaring net worths, lack of steady tax cuts & retirement that seems to have already started. #taxreform
Any budget that makes cuts to Medicare or Social Security can get you prayed out of office. J.C.
Lies.
Americans have been slaughtered by @NRA lobbying.  You have blood money on your hands.  How DARE you change the subject! #GunControlNow
Every time I do a reply I shake my head.What is the use of debating you. You know what you are.We know what you are. Does your kids.God does
#unionmade #unionjobs
Americans have suffered your existence.
GIVING MORE TAX CUTS FOR WEALTHY WILL NOT HELP THE ECONOMY!
Retirement wasnt slipping away you let Sotoero BHO steal it all.
We're now suffering throughout an incompetent Congress. We would like you to slip further away. Like prison.
#ImpeachTrump #actlikeyouworkhere #guncontrolnow #45isadisgrace
How about the time before, under Pres Bush (W) when the whole economy tanked?  That was pretty scarry too.
#FUCKTHERICH #FUCKTHEELITE #FUCKTRUMP
Waiting for you? You done talking?

...and you're helping with their misery.
And most of that is the fault of the GOP!!!!!
Thanks to the Republicans.
Ur so full of shit! Resign old man ur a failure resign @SenateMajLdr
You guys blew up the economy 10 yrs ago. Now you want to blow up the national debt with tax cuts for the wealthy. Hands off the economy!
Your tax cuts will not affect those people and you know it.
Americans have suffered through @GOP control of the Senate with your "leadership". A turtle should not be in charge of the Senate!
All because of guys like you, corrupt GOP stoogies who care more about lobbyists and lining your pockets than the American public
It will get worse with you people in charge.Raise minimum wage ,support unions that pay higher wages .you and the GOP are  liars
Oh, just stick it Mitch- no one believes ur lying mouth anymore. U could careless about us or this country outside of your personal interest
Do your research it's on the right track
Tax break for the middle class and do not make it small peanuts. People are smarter than this. Tax break for all but the middle needs it now
Repeal ObamaCare and Cut Spending.  Want Smaller GOV
Is that what you did, taking bribes from the NRA and Putin to offset your $194,000.00 salary? Out of touch much?
Sen. McConnell, your tax reform will not help as it benefits the rich not the rest of us. Increasing the minimum wage to $15/hour will help.
Are you seriously ill Senator or just plain stupid.  we are on to you anr yours.  NO MORE!  Take your worthless lazy rich ass home2kentucky
We need tax reform.  Get it done
And you're going to change this?? Ha ha save it.
You know the problem, but I'm not sure you understand the cause. Why not seek advice from someone other than Trump, or other politician.
You & your wife are #drug smuggling criminals! You & the #Republicans can't even get healthcare right... we don't want your kinda help
You said you block everything the last President tried maybe you should be killed since 2008 was a bad year thanks to Bush outsourced jobs.
Your tax scam is a joke. Americans are not as stupid as trump supporters. We know this will increase the deficit and only help the rich
Because of you and your buddies...koch brothers
Why don't I feel warm & fuzzy when I read this? Could it be that I have no faith in congress? It's obvious you think a tax cut is the answer
