#HellNOtoGorsuch! #No60noSCOTUS! Only hypocrite is YOU!  #McConnellkillsdemocracy!
This is rich, coming from your office. Shameful how "leaders" look like children more and more each day. #sad
@HouseDemocrats you all are an embarrassment and reason for any democrats that haven't already left to run to the side that protects USA!
Mitch McConnell is the very definition of hypocrisy. Please stop. Just stop.
You are such an elitist & hypocrite. Don't  like the rules so you change them. The process has no integrity now. Your democracy is a joke
Your full of it! You've removed all trust in our, YES OUR, Senate. You & the house have killed the government. #NoTrust #checks&balances
IN 2018 YOU DEMOCRATS WILL BE CLEANED OUT LIKE THE RATS AND DEEP STATE U R. PAY ATTENTION WE ALSO WILL START TEARING DOWN UR POWER AT STATE.
That's right. Nuke on Obamacare
@SenateGOP Changing the Senate rules is Republican Hypocrisy.
@SenateGOP Remember this in 2018.
McConnell, you are not a great American.  Changed my Party because of YOU
@SenateGOP @SenatorSchumer is the #WalkingDeadNegan character of the Senate n his mouth is Lucille 4 those that don't listen
You and your cronies are the hypocrats. 1st dark day in our nation 45 election 2nd one today lead by you  #shameonyou
You're definitely the expert on hypocrisy. You've elevated it to a new level.
I forgot we have a tit for tat system of government here. Both sides are wrong the American ppl are at a loss.
Oh no, no, no. This is all on the GOP. It will come back to haunt you. We will not forget. #FlipCongress2018
You are a liar and that smile will be gone shortly watch as you lose allot of seats @TomPerez @IndivisibleTeam
#MerrickGarland
tell WHOLE story. go back to Bork. tell about Republicans that didn't vote for him. tell about GOP conduct throughout Obama & Clinton terms.
Only hypocrite around here is you McConnell. And Americans will vote you out. Your corrupt.
#republicanhypocrite #BlameRepublicans Merrick Garland was owed a hearing and a vote. #doyourjob
You don't speak for me. You better believe I vote. Start planning your retirement now.
The republicans are now officially a "crime organization", not a political party. Fascism is here!
@SenateGOP ##NoRecess
@SenateMajLdr is a threat to the American people. All Americans should denounce this effort to consolidate power to a few extremists.
@SenateGOP 2-&-a-Half Minutes of Democrats Being Hypocritical http://goo.gl/zIHcr5  via @DavidRutz
You are all going to be looking for jobs in 2018 and 2020 the American people gave you your chance to govern and you failed miserably
MCConnell said his only GOAL WAS TO MAKE OBAMA A 1 TERM PRESIDENT. HE NEVER WORKED WITH SENATE DEMS. WATCH YOUR OWN HIS OWN ON YOU TUBE!!
Not for Supreme Court!
Yes, but you actually pressed the button... have you no decency?
@SenateGOP You are the party of hypocrisy!! You stole this seat and you had to change the rules to get it. SCUM & CROOKS!
@SenateDems no matter how you play this OLD MAN, GOP MADE THIS DECISION. Your responsibility now and forever. Heavy price will bite u in ass
Mitch pulls this crap and calls it leadership, but now calls his own tactics "hypocrisy"???...the ironic merry-go-round makes America weep.
Obstructionist!
You are a hypocrite because you wouldn't hold hearings on Garland!!! You are the worst Senate Majority Leader in the history of the US
Americans will remember your tactics come Election Day.  Play by the rules or go home
Democrats have become very corrupt.
Enjoy your jobs while you have them. You're all going to get voted out when your time comes.
We are on to your BS. SCITUS appointees are for life: no nuclear option!
#MerrickGarland
Really? You who obstructed all of Obama's decisions regardless how beneficial to the American people? You're one of America's sleaziest reps
Warren...about as intelligent as Maxine Waters.
I give up on the GOP to do anything. Grossly incompetent and scared to death of the democrats
#TrumpsPuppet
Pot, meet kettle
NO!  If he can't get 60 votes, it's not the time nor the person.
you should be ashamed of yourselves for the way you completely overlook the American people.
REPUBLICAN LIE REPUBLICAN B S .
I only see your personal hypocrisy.. U didn't let vote happen last year you should be blocked thus yr.  good for goose, good for gander.
Yawn . . . 
To change the rules that have governed us for eons is just plain childish. I can't have MY way so I'll change the rules. Shameful!
@gop McConell sandbagged Obama's qualified SC nominee. Now he wants to railroad through a big business biased law breaking candidate. NO NO
Hypocrisy is the middle name of @GOP you can't have it both ways. Gorsuch can't be confirmed if he's willing to break copy rite laws.

When you justify murder by saying the other side committed assault.
Mitch is one tough old bird. He's determined for #gorsuch . I hope you guys love America this much to fight for peace and prosperity.
Following THROUGH would go FAR to erase the stench of 1995.
No more stalling...go nuclear...get Gorsuch confirmed now!!!
@SenateGOP If Gorsuch wasn't nominated by a president WHO'S UNDER INVESTIGATION he probably would've gotten the votes
@GOP will forever be remembered in history part they Played in #TrumpRussia! to pay back Obama! #TainedScotus 4 Tainted Potus @SenateDems
Nope. Not buying your propaganda...
Dem petulance will cost them more seats in 2018. Unfortunately, Democracy has been weakened originating with Reed.
@SenateMajLdr does not know hypocrisy then.  Taking away a presidents right to appoint a member to Supreme Court. That's garlands seat
garland would never be confirmed as the reps had 52 seats
Should have had at least a vote or a chance.
Time for @SenateGOP to stop being polite as @SenateDems are never going to be productive. GOP in charge - do whatever you need to #MAGA.
@SenateGOP - what's NOT SAID is that GOP did the SAME, but WORSE
And let me just say that Garland wasn't even considered by the Senate.
Ur done! You have set our @POTUS up.
I know your memory is not what it was, but you started this when you refused to do your job and even meet with judge Garland. Hypocrite!
just remember Mitch changing the rules for a nom who can't even get 60+ Senate votes will come back to bite you in the ass...#Demsturn
Pull the Obama trick! Vote in the middle of the night and get her done!!
@SenateDems STOP being such hypocrites pls. Harry Reid created this monster. Embrace D suck! @ABC @CBSNews #confirmGorsuch
@GOP Hypocrisy: abdicating the Senate's consitutional duty to advise and consent. MERRICK GARLAND!
CHEATERS!
Biden rule rules. Quoting a great political philosopher "elections have consequences!"
If you have to cheat and change the rules to get a nominee confirmed that means you have a very poor candidate. #Gorsuchfilibuster
