You should be ashamed of the damage you have done to congress and our country. Where are checks & balances??!!
Only way u can win is to cheat.great example  for my kids Republicans  are the immoral  majority.
thank you senator McConnell

Typical partisan Republican parlor tricks... Never worth the trouble that Republicans create. Garland was first
Tearing apart my Country.Aren't you proud?
Thank you, thank you, thank you Sen. McConnell!  You fought the good fight.  This will affect generations.
What fight? Obstructionist for Garland. Change rules for Gorsuch.
Your behavior during the confirmation process shows an astounding lack of integrity, much like your refusal to even consider Garland.
"we shouldn't appoint any SC Justice during the last year of any president's  term."  Joe Biden
Excellent work! U r the Man!
Ok Turtle Head! No will remember you when ur gone!!
U sold your integrity because of your hatred for a black president even after he's no longer in office. Your legacy will show you kindly.
The Senate is weaker. The Supreme Court is discredited.
get over it, snowflake, he's just following Harry Reid's playbook.
Mitch needs to go. He is not for America he is for his own power. His last term!
It's never worth not listening to the people you serve.
When your role in the #trumprussia collusion is fully known, your political legacy will only be known as an historic disgrace. #rawpower
your 75 right? Thank God you'll be gone soon. I wish stroke or an heart attack would do it's job more often
,
Libtards on their way out!
Got my popcorn ready for the 2018 riots when they lose more seats!
Can't wait!
right there with you.  MAGA!
You are a petty awful man
You are as CORRUPT ans EVIL as the come! You NEED to go , assole!
Cheated
"Breaking the rules to change the rules is un-American. I just hope the majority leader thinks about his legacy...."Mitch McConnell 2013
He doesn't care. He's a PoS pathological liar. I hope he gets what he deserves. These people prove that there is no god.
Your legacy is cemented now. I hope you live long enough to see the court packed with liberal ideologues. You're a fool.
It was worth the fight! Thank you.
When will Senator McConnell stop masking his dastardly deeds as problems caused by the Democrats?
We the People of the United States will not forget what you and the GOP did.  2018 will find many of you out of office. #RESISTANCE
There's a special place in Hell reserved just for you.
That's not a fight. That's the cowardly way out. You and your constituents should be ashamed of you.

What fight?  Sit, wait, change rules, vote.  Weak, little, small man.
I hope your around when the democrats appoint a super left wing to balance this out.
What "fight"?  

You moved the goalposts.  
A disgrace.   You celebrate because these republican senators broke 200 yr tradition to get what they want ANYTHING
You didn't fight. You changed the rules when you saw you weren't getting your way.
There is a special place in hell for McConnell.  Anxiously awaiting his demise so i can shit on his grave# NukeMcConnell
I wish he'd see these, especially yours. The press office probably won't show it to him.  
Good luck
Thanks Mitch, middle class gets screwed again by GOP!
Fight?  How about stolen?  How about your sleezy Power before Country way of leading? You are unworthy of your position. You are despicable
Do you really believe you won't be remembered for the sleazy partisan criminal who abused your position to destroy the integrity of Senate?
Hope you wife is enjoying her job.
You sold out America
YOU DIDN'T FIGHT...YOU CHEATED!
What would you have done to install a judge who ISN'T a liar and a plagiarist??  None of those in GOP.
Says the term limit poster boy. #taxfattenedjackass
Thank you for following through on your promises
I hope you think it is worth it when you lose your job and when the Dems do the same thing to gop
The people of Kentucky, and the entire nation, deserve better. For shame!
You &ur blatant disrespect2the working ppl will cost many republicans reelection in2018.Ppl are now paying attn&there R consequences4actions
Senate is now the house how pathetic for you vote you out
I hope so cause you will now turn the tide. Vote you out
That's how Mitch looked when he got 1.9 million from Koch Bros to keep denying Global Warming is Real
How does it feel to pull off an armed robbery and need no getaway car? *spit* History will show you for what you are. How about those miners
You won't be sayin that come re-election time. Hope it was worth your career going down the toilet. ..after all, politicians are full of it
Getting what you want regardless of your scruples or technique is always worth it, eh?
McConnells scruples are driven by SELFISH GREED....
So you win. You're still the most unethical, immoral, lying hypocritical steaming pile of excrement to ever plop on the senate floor.
Since you used the "Nuclear Option" to confirm Gorsuch, Justice Ginsburg will probably hang onto her SC seat until her brain turns to mush!
It is so worth the fight!!! Generations to come, SO worth all the bs to get this one done.
Just like you did when you said you would block anything Obama did!  Pat yourself on the back! You are worthless.
You kept your promise to your donors. Didn't bother listening to constituents.
We won't forget this.
What fight? You cheated. You are complicit w/ RU agenda. Cheater, criminal & traitor. Well done.
History will not be kind to you sir!
You know where you can put that thumb
