History will remember your spineless submission to this administration. Your "values" are laughable in light of your actions. #PuertoRico
The "role" you can play is grant  #StatehoodForPR , then have @SpeakerRyan pass a large #disaster #Funding #bill then stop lying.
Did you Blame them for throwing a budget out of whack? Your whack president did. Texas too? Embarrassed by 45
More money these people will squander without a care in the world. They are bankrupt already.  Help without accountability very smart.
Racist? Ignorant? Ill informed? Or all of the above?
They need more then all these meetings  VP meeting with them to they need help people with medical issues are in danger with no treatment
Did you toss them paper towels?
...and the reason you waited a good full week to acknowledge the disaster?
Have you talked to the NRA yet about some common sense gun control 
Retire please!
Moving at the speed of a turtle.
A little late are you not?


how about debt relief to college student who can not refi their loans Mitch.

tax payer monies
Well......Any chance of compensating for our back-slapping, self interested, buffoon of a President.  He is ripping this country apart
Yes Mitch: $$$ is needed in PR!! You and your BFFs The Rich White Republicans are going to have to actually give OUR money Our PR in Crisis
The Senate can leave them and us alone.  This is an excellent way for you to help.

Would tht b the usual, none @ all. Let's talk about murder, mayhem, & #GunControlNow #NRAownsGOP #NRAGunCartel #NRAisATerroristOrganization
Status on tax reform? No vote yet? No movement?
Please don't tell them where you're from...we have enough image problems with Bevins. No need to embarrass us any further.
U have my sympathies. Lived n NE KY 4 10 yrs. Loved it. Parents &grandparents all raised there. Minus a few, beautiful state, beautiful ppl
How about some relief from the disaster called the US Senate?
PELICAN POUCH CHIN MCCONNELL dedicate your time to the health care bill instead of worrying about the flood waters!
Just throw paper towels at them. Just like the guy you voted for. You're an embarrassment to this country.
Sad Organization effort
Did you listen to their concerns & needs, or did you follow the lead of our Idiot-in-Chief & tell them how great you are? #hypocrite #liar
Talk talk talk talk talk talk talk
Who came up with the idea to have our President throw paper towels out to the observers like they were signed baseball Season! Embarrassing
But what did you actually accomplish?
POTUS I think its time to sit down with Mitch & change the voting rules in the senate so we can get the agenda passed. please read this
This is all you do. Talk. Pass a bill!
Oh, suddenly the GOP cares about #PuertoRico and #VirginIslands ! Why didn't relief get there sooner? Too early to discuss delayed response?
OMG broken record. Trump started before the storm hit. You're listening to bias and using your personal prejudice to spout falsities
Had Obama or Hillary been in office FEMA/military would have been there the next day after the hurricane! not a week later
None of this nonsense by these ass hats in Congress or the house will ever stop until you get the money out of politics.
A little late....
If automatic weapons are illegal to own or do you modified to have one it should make a difference how it is modified
The intent of the law that bans fully automatic weapons or modifying one to be fully automatic should extend to bump stocks
To say now isn’t the time to discuss gun reform is cowardly. #NoMore
How 'bout you find a way to unseat the clown in office?
And sadly you made them come to you old man - how pathetic YOU can’t even go to both places to see it all live!
You mean you are thinking of actually working for a change?
Did you throw paper towels at them.
Your good at talk.  Hope they don't depend on you to get anything done.
Shut up!
Did you apologize to them for the rude comments made by the @POTUS you support? How will your tax cuts for the 1% help them?
Photo ops don't fool us. You are a cold, callous and petty man. The only thing that has saved us is that you are ineffective.
Retire, please just retire! Now!
Not time to politicize Las Vegas? It was a war zone and it's not time to talk? Is the NRA that far up your *ss?
Well, since you can’t manage anything else, maybe this will work out.
Too little, too late Turtle Man. You REPUGNANTCONS have no sense of urgency, do you? You’re all pretty pathetic. I call it The Trump Effect!
McConnell is unfit for office.  Vote this filth out of office!
Do us ALL a favor and retire back into your shell.
And you won't do shit about it will you? Please, you've lost every semblance of a leader. Photo-ops don't mean shit, actions do.
Don't break your budget. The money is need for Trump and his swamp crawling pack of criminals.
Way to be on top of things! #ALittleLate?
Shut up.
Bully for you, were they happy.  I doubt it.
and Trump tossed paper towels, unbelievable
What the hell took so long?
Does PR have an
automatic weapons ban?
Finally..better late than never ,i guess
I hope you were nicer than Trump and promised help, not whine about the budget!

Oh? Forgot about this?
Here's one way: make them states
Repeal the Jones act
But did you throw paper towels at them and tell them to have a nice day all while asking them to compliment you? Cause @realDonaldTrump did!
What took you only 2 weeks?
the Donster,Donny, Don, Donatalo
Paul Ryan agreed to be Leader but made it clear his family time came first. He's living up to his promise. You didn't promise anything.Ditto
Why do you always look so scared and confused?
Seriously?! The senate can enact emergency funding and get the national guard down there to rebuild infrastructure. Just do it
You better get Puerto Rico in the Virgin Islands as much as you give Texas and Florida
Bet they were wowed to hear you, a failure.
I hope u didn't insult them like that orange ass faux president. He was disgraceful & embarrassing. U need to stop him. This is on YOU!
"The role Senate can play"?  GIVE THEM FOOD TO EAT, CLEAN WATER TO DRINK AND MONEY TO REBUILD!
You're so special.
Ususually you irritate me with your partisan politics, but I sure wish the GOP would shut DJT down!
Really? You're responsible for Doltard J Trump. Do something, he's #UnfitToLead
It's nice to have such meetings 2 weeks after the event.  Shows that you all care.
Let me Educate you Puerto Rico is American.American Lives should not have a Budget .We the People owns that Budget,Not Trump INC
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Puerto Rico is American.Calling the Budget in front of Americans PR "Whack" is Buffoonery. Comparing Dead to Dead?
Senate didn't play a role to prevent them from going into debt and clean up the corruption? What about the bacllog of bills & confirmations
It only takes you 2 weeks to get around to doing this.  What kind of "Leader" are you?   Really time to retire and drink at home now.
CAN or WILL play???? You GOP and your word play #resist
What about gun control?
Did you call Trump to tell him he's a heartless imbecile who needs a geography lesson?
Ask your @POTUS what role you need to play and then play it!!!!!!
You need to get rid of the filibuster don't be part of the swamp the house is rolling you need to or get out-of-the-way. MAGA
Your president is the devil

We're you in PR or the VI's?  Then shut up
Did you insult people too? I mean you love DJT so much - I'm so you wanna be just like donny
And I hope you were more statesman-like than @POTUS 
How many on your staff are millennial liberals? Just wondering cause there’s bound to be a reason you are so out of touch.
You are despised by D’s AND R’s. Some might take the hint.
Is this like ‘re-elect me- I will repeal Obamacare’?
DO YOUR JOB. The time for common sense gun control legislation is now. #TheTimeIsNow
How are @POTUS 200 judicial nominees ever going to be confirmed at the current rate? Is that purposeful?
Lots of tweets lately. Usually, communication is a 2 way street.
Funny that when citizens call your senate office no one answers, nor are we allowed to leave a Message. What are you afraid of hearing?
Let us know when you actually do something.
I know...how about telling your leader not to start by telling U.S. Citizens they've thrown his "budget out of whack."  #Disgraceful
18% approval rating of Kentuckians. In the private sector, people get fired for that.
I wish you would meet with your speech writer to write a resignation speech.
Well aren't you something? Actually doing your job?
Help them with as much urgency as you helped Texas and Florida.
Better late than never
let me guess: "give us money"
*** R E S I G N ***
Start by telling the @POTUS to shut up about the budget and fix it!
Mitch, glad you made the Herculean effort of traveling to a table in you office. Well done!  #DidNothing
so Sen. Leader McConnell, did you proceed POTUS Trump to undermine his efforts? Or really there to  help? I wonder
There's a solid white pillar separating you and them. Man, Fellini couldn't have set up that shot better!
2 weeks after if happened, 2 weeks! Seriously you guys could not be more awful!
The GOP & POTUS are reacting too late for PR & USVI or are deflecting from the call for gun control & safety because you love NRA'S money
Way to get right on that Mitch. Tick Tock Mitchy. Tick Tock.
You mean like on the ACA Repeal and Tax Reform? Good luck!
2 weeks in and you are finally meeting with them? Another 2 weeks and you may fall about spending some money to help
The Senatorial paychecks and per diem should be diverted to individuals in Puerto Rico and USVI.

Oxfam has decided it must get involved bc US is doing such a horrible job. Oxfam normally only helps third world countries. #NOTNORMAL
You're part of the legislature what could you do? You can't do anything for the American people.
Here's my suggestion, Mitch,  isolate Trump from governance.
You mean to say that you are so out of touch that you don't know, can't even imagine, what they need?
SAVE MONEY AND CUT CONGRESS' PAY!
Make them a state!
VOTE NO ON CONCEAL & CARRY ACROSS STATE LINES.STATES HAVE THE RIGHT TO PUT IN STRICTER GUN LAWS IN THEIR STATE
This should have been done several days ago.  You get no credit for this.
Did that discussion include you telling them how you're gonna screw them over? Don't pretend you plan to do anything real.
Thanks for making this your priority.  I am disappointed that @POTUS continues to blame others and appreciate you taking responsibility.
They nor mitch have done what they should for years. Sabotage the  ppl is their motto
You work in geological time, right?
Glad you could respond so quickly
Why not give lead to President?
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/914274708509614080 …
Can you explain why #TrumpTaxScam looks like a tax cut for the rich?
Here, based on prior Tax Policy Ctr estimates, is what I'd ballpark as the 10-yr revenue cost, and the avg. benefit for millionaires.  5/ 
2 weeks after the tragedy! They are Americans also not just #POC you ignore! #WhitePrivilege on display. You don't know your role, leader?
Results? More talk or more ACTION?
Your GOP colleagues said this just months after Putin dangled $4 mil in front of Trump #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
Try impeaching POTUS for treason?
Of course you included @CarmenYulinCruz , right?

Two weeks late.

Just worry about Tax Reform - get something done for "We The People" Get It Done
Dr. Sanjay Gupta's dire warning on Puerto Rico


Don't promise them more than $50 billion dollars .. which is 10% of what they actually need.
You FAILED my fellow Americas in PR you putz. They are suffering and dying due to GOP racist regime. You should all be in prison.
Maybe start impeachment against trump. Then give us healthcare and reinstate assault weapon ban. But, you won't so...
Afraid of a terrorist attack? Want to ban immigration?
Just get troops there to start delivering food and water!
Did you tell Donnie how you plan to 
Grift millions from contracts for infrastructure
With your wife's Vulcan options/stocks?
How about gun control, have your NRA donors sent memo telling you NOT to talk about it now? These mass shootings are happening on your watch
97% of Republicans want better gun control! How much is the NRA paying you to ignore them! Now IS the time to talk about it!
No bail out with tax payers money! Mayor must resign and apologize to the President!
And.....


The @SenateGOP plays no role. You're useless.  All words and no action. #TermLimits
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Quit playing and work! SEND MORE MILITARY TODAY TO HELP WITH DISTRIBUTION OF FOOD, WATER, GAS. MEDICINE.
