YOUR A COWARD AND A LIAR MCCONNELL!
It hasn't hurt the people i/KY who got access to healthcare for the 1st time i/their LIVES! Maybe you should read stats once in a while.
Why be afraid of terrorists killing us when we have Trumpuppet and GOP with AHCA? You are evil.
The ACA is NOT hurting citizens. The Republicans who want their insurance but don't want it for the poorer folks are the evil ones.
Taking 440k from insurance companies only helps you
AARP IS AGAINST YOUR BILL

COMPLETE BULLSHIT!
NO! YOU hurt people you represent since you care more about MONEY THAT YOU GET than you do about the people. 
so now you'll go beyond hurt to killing them. #HealthCareBill
And yet for millions of people it had saved their lives. Hope Trumpcare helps poor/mid-class as much as it will the 1%
No, it wont, it is a cruel evil bill
RESIGN MITCH! And any other REPUBS that support this!
Not true for most Americans...
and your fellow Kentuckians want Obamacare to be saved
It does not help that congress and the president are doing all they can to sabotage the program. Try fixing it not kill it.
you and congress are hurting americans.Shame On You!!!!
AmericanVOTERS will REMEMBER who took AWAY their HealthCare McConnell!
He has his and is soon to get more so mitch could care less
Get govt out of healthcare!!!   Do nothing but REPEAL as PROMISED!!!
Right, the rich people you represent!
While you were entertained by the biggest buffoon, #MitchMcConnell was drafting a bill to strip you from health benefits.
You have never represented any people, not even from your state. Your proposed bill is a disaster and should be put into debate. @SenSchumer
Good answer Senator. Very clear and convincing answer. Do you represent more than special interest and businesses?
Not as much as your bill will.
Why were there only men allowed to work on writing this bill in Secret???????
No it hasn't. Trumpcare will kill us.
No. The GOP has continued to hurt people - those you "represent" as well as the millions of us lucky enough not to live in your shit state.
How?  Facts please!
Your legislation will hurt MILLIONS of poor and medically vulnerable people. Republicans do not care about these people. Shame on you. Shame
You lyin sos, McConnell you gop robbers are soon to b gone...
I hope your bill goes down
Because of you and your Republican colleagues
No the defunding of the ACA you have been doing is hurting Americans!
You're making it worse. I'm shocked and saddened by your behavior. One day your grandchildren will read about what you've done to the US.
Senator! Please mention Pilosi said you have to vote before you see it. The Obamacare scam!!!
Just like he wants? He whined and whined and whined when they had 6+ months to approve ACA. 150 Repub amendments later they passed it.
U publicly complained about ACA secrecy, now go behind closed doors with a few wealthy white men to decide nation's healthcare. HYPOCRITE!!
Because you and @realDonaldTrump have stopped following the ACA law by withdrawing support, funding and not enforcing mandate!
You are a hypocrite and a liar.
Republicans never proposed a healthcare plan in 50 yrs, what makes you think you can "fix" the Affordable Health Care Act in a few weeks
True, if the people you represent own insurance companies. Motto - Every dollar denied is a dollar earned
You are a traitor to your country. You will be remembered as an evil and divisive man.
YOU WILL HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS FROM YOUR DECEITFUL DESPICABLE ACT IN TAKING HEALTHCARE FROM THOSE WHO NEED IT MOST.
YOUR A LIAR. YOUR PLAN KILLS THE ELDERLY AND POOR. BUT WHAT DO YOU CARE? WHILE YOUR COUNTING YOUR MILLIONS YOU MADE OF YOUR REPEALING OB CAR
MCCONNELL NEEDS TO GO. ACTS LIKE A DICTATOR DESTROYING DEMOCRACY USING UNDERHANDED MEANS. VOTE OUT GOP SUPPORTING GOP HC BILL. TRUMP PUPPETS
McConnell/GOP destroying democratic process &rewriting constitutional rules 4 rich agenda. Party over people. NO lives matter W GOP HC bill.
GOP out of touch! Over 74% of Americans fr BOTH parties want 2 keep ACA in place.U R arbitrarily deciding fate undercover! No transparency
After listening 4 YEARS 2MitchMcConnell scream ObamaCare was passed too quickly without bipartisanship - the audacity of GOP is breathtaking
He's an ass. Destroying and re-writing democracy to pass out of touch agenda.
&NOBODY is confused that it's theGOP responsible 4SABOTAGING ACA Becs of GOP arrogance & willful BS in destroying ObamaCare4Politics
Proof in the putting: let's see your bill. Let's see how many in the commonwealth have coverage. And let's look at your donors. Why hide?
#showusthebill stop degrading and start telling us why the people should support this bill. Don't trust #trumpcare
misrepresent
Let's get this done!
You are hurting Americans not showing a health care bill. Not letting anyone to read it. You are an SOB
I think Mitch McConnell hurts America every day by going along with Trump. For shame...
You really believe the crap you spew?
Yo Mitch - Show us the bill!  If #AHCA is so good why you afraid to show the #Dems?  Something #smells #fishy - the fish rots from the head!
McConnell care WILL kill people!
How can any of you sleep at night, knowing that the repeal will take insurance away from millions- and give tax cuts to rich. It's evil
Keep the abortion language in the new plan. U have a moral responsibility as a christian to prevent the slaughter of little babies.
Who might 'those people' be?  It certainly isn't ordinary, hardworking Americans.  It's the Oligarchs who line your campaign pockets.
No. Obamacare has saved lives. You will destroy them.
You work for us - either put up or shut up! Show us this bill and stop worrying about your damned summer vacation!
The people you represent? Who?  The rich?
sen. mccatksiil hads a plan...just make it so we can buy the same insurance as you..with you subsidies
Will the Senate bill be virtually the same as Obamacare.  Is why waste the time.  Americans will know and vote accordingly.  Example GA 8th
Obamacare saved us $12K/yr in premiums. Every.Year. As tiny business owners, we can't afford your crap AHCA plans.
If you were really proud of your healthcare bill, you would present to American people with time for amendments & hearings. Hold a HEARING
Fake news!!! I lived in Ky and had to have ACA, thank god it was available.    Thanks to Gov Beshear! McC RESIGN!
We're also real individual market consumers. O'care was a godsend. AHCA is beyond a nightmare. #CravenGOP
You guys just can't seem to average more than 7 likes, huh? Must be because most people aren't idiots.
It's the heartless republicans who are purposefully disrupting the health insurance market causing Obamacare's problems.
Not as much as you do
#ShowUsTheBill
Health care consumers spend their time and money on scavenger hunts to find best prices. Impossible if you have a family and kids.  It's BS!

Health care in America is the BIGGEST SCAM EVER. Only the politicians,  medical industry and Pharma win that game.
Nope. It saves lives. GOP for wealthcare not healthcare. Americans will die. GOP death panels. Immoral
McConnell has done tremendous damage to this country. #CravenGOP
Shouting lies don't make them truth, Mitch. You've obstructed/undermined the ACA at every step. You're about to kill millions for a tax cut.
Repubcare will fail. It will not stop escalating costs or the insatiable appetite for profit.Your little tax cuts will be void. You lie.
What's ur plan turtle 
Not like the secret plans to gut it, leaving millions w/o coverage so the uber rich can benefit! Shame on Mitch McConnell!
NO,   GREEDY INSURANCE Company CEOs  and YOU. And tomorrow is YOUR TURN to screw millions MORE Americans...
No it hasn't, but you just keep saying that, Mitch.

http://fuckyoumitchmcconnell.com/   #Beware I hear, #DesperatePeopleDoDesperateThings Millions -will not idly stand by if, they can't Help their child
LIAR! #ShowUSTHEBILL #DeathBill #TaxR4theRich! There r Millions of people that know your lying &THEY WILL NOT LET U THEIVES.GET AWAY w THIS
You liar
PROVE IT @SenateMajLdr You can't, because it has no basis in fact!  Your #1 goal is to enrich yourself and the 1% and screw the rest of us!
Get it done now.
Your Should do more Better no Snake Sneaky 
This is no excuse to impose even more pain on people - You should be trying to fix the problem not make it worse. #GOPLIES #KillTheBill
NO your lies your sneaky ways your gREED your deals under the table youR Cahoots with Russia is What Hurts The People
Your hypocrisy you giving cuts to the billionaires you destroying our clean water you destroying the chances for first time buyers
Nice to see you go public about SOME things.

So... health care bill? Sometime this century?
