
Well, he DID kill Trumpcare, so yes. Welcome back, Senator McCain!






Are you still pleased he came back?
Vote America not party or Trump
Oh. Like the democrats did? Haha
I have insurance under Obamacare thanks to democrats! Now the republicans will take it away! So disgusted in our Repub leaders!
Fear is what helped GOP get it passed @MaryDePenning1 Obamacare has helped far more than it hurt its not failing Trump propaganda
No. It's failing. If we can't get a new health care bill passed, then we'll just have to let Obamacare die out. It was designed to fail.
Fish wish you hadn't killed the health-care bill single-handedly


Today's history lesson: the KKK was democrat through and through. They also opposed ending slavery. You should be proud.
Just look at the traitorous, lying, family you put in the WH. Have you no shame? How long before you denounce him. You are a coward.
He just screwed the American people!











Thank you Sen McCain!  We are all pleased you came back.
Quit playing grab ass with other senators..u have been epic waste so far....REPEAL..an tax reform
After your bout with cancer McCain , HOW in the world could you come back to vote yo take healthcare away from millions??????????!
This will be @SenJohnMcCain legacy. He showed the nation who he is today with his vote.
Yeah. a backstabber#!
Sounds like birds of the feather flock together!  Is this the SWAMP?




Retire McConnel and take McCain with you. 7 years of promises and when time comes nothing!? Please both retire!
How did that work out?
He needs to retire
Nobody but RINOs was happy to see him back.  We knew his cancer made him unfit to vote and yet again we the people got screwed by RINOs
How'd his return work out for you and your five chins, Mitch?
He needs to go away, he is bad for America !!!
@McConnellPress Still feeling that way, Mitch?
.@SenateMajLdr ask @SenJohnMcCain how much his hospital/treatment & meds would cost if he didn't have (taxpayer funded) insurance!
Well that didn't work!!
McCain needs to start searching for his replacement - IF he really puts what is best for America above his own ego. Actions speak.
@McConnellPress American voters won't the WALL,up to u & Ryan to push For it.
Yeah, thanks to free healthcare he can vote to take everyone else's away.
Get rid of Obama care..it destroying this country...
You guys need fix healthcare or look for new job next year..
McCain is a stooge that needs to retire.
Time to put Eliminate  so called low cost Obama care pork barrel fake  Médical coverage 
Yeah right, you are just as disingenuous as Trump and Pence.
Wish my 78-year-old mom on hospice had been given the chance to go to the Mayo Clinic.

When is she going to sing I'VE WRITTEN A LETTER TO DADDY? https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/890289152054280192 …
Yeah, now McCain has a pre-existing condition!  Remember that boys! #NoTrumpCare
That's so great Mitch U got JM 2 kill our healthcare after receiving high quality care himself. Exactly when was it you stopped caring Mitch
Now we can get back to screwing those that need help so our rich supporters can make more money and keep us in power. #gop
high respect for Sen McCain making the extra efforts to show up and vote yes!
John McCain said yesterday that the Senate "is getting nothing done". That's your legacy Mitch.
I would not wish a brain tumor on anyone.  However,  I am praying that your polio reactivates.
I wish you could follow the example of John McCain. But you just don't have it in you.
It's easier to summon your demon masters when you have a full coven..
You liberals would still be at home in bed looking for a hand out for disability, that is the drain on healthcare
God bless you sir!
I liked your work in Hannibal .
He has brain cancer.. and all you care about is getting him there to cast a vote in your favor. #KillTheBill
Mccain sucks,  and the rest of the establishment R's and D's suck too. You guys care more about yourselves then you do the American people.
Hopefully he will greatly disappoint you

Can we get the same healthcare we pay for u to have?
No of course not! Then they might have to wait in line. It's a zero sum game and it's great cause only the rich have access to it
Please move to remove Senator Collins from any committees. If she wants to play alone let her be outside cutting her publicity

You do not work..have done nothing including supporting the President
You just wanted his vote but I am thinking you did not get it! Loser.

http://www.thedailybeast.com/before-trumpcare-a-free-clinic-saved-mitch-mcconnells-life … @SenJohnMcCain
Can't wait for 2018. You are all out
Remember what Trump said about McCain. You are all two faced to each other and the American people. #ImpeachTrump
Mitch nor John no longer speaks for The American people.  They are pretending. https://youtu.be/zm2PvnM7Vds 
“Money in his left hand & in his right he has strings that run all over town” Your legacy Mitch.
Now you have nowhere to go. WE will cut the strings from your fingers in the mid-terms, Mitch, & John.  15Mos 1 wk 4days to go.
And your sad sad vote against the people
And he told you that your behavior is NOT okay. Bipartisan You POS!
Did you listen to him scolding you and the American members of congress?  Start reaching across the isle Mitch or you'll have a revolt.
Good thing @SenJohnMcCain has an excellent #HealthCare plan. What about the rest of our citizens? #MedicareForAll makes the most sense.
NO WE AREN'T!  JUST SAYING!
Not happy you're hack. RINO and traitor. The people know about you, all of you.
Sen McCaine sent you a message on the senate floor. You'd be wise to heed him & not cow tail to Trump!
The rest of the welcome greeting: Please get cured before I take away the medical benefits.
Today was a good day. Vote te passed. Republicans did something right and whining left wing sheep are whining like little babies
Republicans need to repeal Obamacare as promised years ago. Voters are watching. Voters promised to drain swamp. Keep your promise or wewill
So ironic, McCain rushed back to vote for a bill which will prevent most people from having the very cancer surgery he had!
Step down @SenateMajLdr you do nothing but stab @POTUS in the back. You have no spine

Kick Mitch out of office
He won't be there long and should surrender his seat so someone can perform at Optimum
Treason Turtle is at it again! Killing poor people then slithering back to safety! 

Now if we only had a vengeful God.
BLACKMAIL THE VOTE


FYI > When you 1st ran for Senate way back when your platform included affordable healthcare for all.
@SenateMajLdr @McConnellPress
Another disgrace Mitch.   Go back into the cave from which you sprung
Sen, I hate to say it but you need to bring the senate republicans together and stand beside President Trump. You will loose election if not
If he collapsed to the floor after his yes vote you & scummy GOP would simply step over his body on the way to the champagne room.
War hero @SenJohnMcCain paves way for tax cuts for billionaires and millions off health care. All for conman @POTUS @SenatorCollins @MSNBC
I hope he votes against all your shitty legislation.
Hey "turtle head" he flew in here to help you out now let him go home and heal up a minute...
Lmao, turtle head
This is who you are hurting with your ridiculous healthcare bill, McCain will get treated but not this poor baby


yeah and I bet McCain's speech pissed you off- what work in bipartisan fashion? you are incapable
Ditto McConnell. Get to work & pass significant legislation! You've had 8 yrs & 6 mos! Taxpayers are paying your salary, benefits and perks!
Please stop insulting the American public by saying getting back to work because you never do anything except go to parties and pontificate
So how about returning to regular order like John McCain requested! Start functioning again!
Shame on you
Sen McConnell what's wrong with you? Where's your compassion for the millions without healthcare. Shame on you. God is not pleased with you.
We will be so glad when McConnell is voted out of the government. He has accepted launder money from Russian oligarch
Ya, ready to go and destroy countless lives. 
Very fortunate for Sen. McCain that he has great health insurance. Sen. McConnell-have a backbone---Fix the ACA and call it whatever u want.
You sir are the lowest form of life I can think of, you need to use the same health care you give your constituents. Shame on you.
What work? All we've seen is him getting in the way of positive change. @potus #maga #deplorables
God I'm glad you are not my senator.  But you are bringing the USA down. You are a lizard person.
Because you all like to FUCK the American People!! Welcome back, for a time!
Turkey Neck.  LMFAO
Two tweets with not a hell of a lot of love for you. Is there a pattern here?
Kind of a vote yes then tell you to F.O.
You are an obstructionist con man & McCain's complicity is disappointing-we already know you have no conscience
McConnell knew McCain would vote yes.
Ugh... the ugly turtle rears its head. Please... someone vote that ass out.
After REPEAL, do this:  Cap and grandfather Medicaid.  Recipients get vouchers (dignity) 50% from State gov 50% from Federal.
Thanks for your leadership, moving @NRSC to act like a majority for a moment at least.
You are just a prize.
Your the worst low life around.  You need to retire!!

Will you listen to what McCain said? We want HC that is Fair Balanced without hurting "we the people"
So thankful for Sen.MCain! His speach was right on the mark! Hopefully all the Sen. can work to pass a better HCare Bill.
Retire X 2
leader McConnell, that's funny, more like a follower
Not if he isnt going to vote on repealing ACA just replace him
PENCE PRESIDENT will be BETTER for UNITED States?
Not really. Retire already!
you should listen to him.  You trying to help Trump bypass senate to stop investigation is a disgrace.
Go back to your shell
Sen. McCain...perhaps you can battle your brain cancer with the treatment you just consigned millions of Americans to.  NONE.
At least @SenJohnMcCain has Fed Coverage to get better with.  The rest of us will end up with no coverage.
Support Trump or get the hell out
Thank you, Senator McCain for your drive and dedication 4 Americans hurting with all of Obamacare!  Prayers are with you and your family.
#saveACA
He really shot down your bill today
Heed his words 2 work in bipartisan manner; nothing else works 4 American people. WE WANT U TO WORK TOGETHER... 
#Obamacare #HealthCareVote
What a True Patriot and Need to get to Armed services bill
You and McCain Need to step down you have been working against AMERICAN
RINOS need to go. All of them. America needs men of moral character.
Oh come on! He is sick
Mitch's yappy lapdog is all bark but no bite
Back to work with the most broken group in Congress. Great!
Discuss the Hill Burton Act of '46 providing free health care to the poor in exchange for mortgage forgiveness of medical facility debt !
nothing like getting brain cancer, having great insurance, and voting to take insurance away from 22M

Well not all of us
Where is your plan old man? You've had 9 years to work on a healthcare plan and you still have nothing. Some leader! Sad!
Great he has health care that I pay for! Talk about entitlement!
