
Get Trumps appointees IN, Don't RECESS at ALL UNTIL THAT IS DONE..It's YOUR JOB! Stop letting dems run the senate!
@johnmccain2016 needs to be censured. He's got dementia  or something and needs to hang it upl An embarrassment to ALL of us
McConnell is a coward and a con like Trump. Silence and complicit
, I am so mad at you good for nothing RINO's that I could just spit.
, Now that Kentucky coal miners got what they wanted, are you going to just say screw you to the rest of the country?
You Mitch McConnell SUCK!
need corporate tax reform now. Trump plan will work. One bill for corporate tax reform. What is hard about that. MAGA
respond respectfully and not as misogynist to your constituents.
too bad you chose to disgrace your constituents sad!
Dear Kentucky,  vote this old RINO out!   This Country needs fixing.  He needs to go.
I heard every time a Rep. screws over a poor person their neck gets a little jowlier! You must be highly regarded in the GOP
Trump has entered into a paranoid delusional space.  How long are you going to put up with this seriously disturbed man?
Special Prosecutor must be appointed to investigate Trump's ties to Russia and hacking.
when are you starting the SCOTUS appointment hearings...we need trump appointee confirmed ASAP
What a pathetic individual & wouldn't be surprised if a closet racist. Needs a life if this was his proudest moment:
..  result is $931.00. I paid my taxes every year and supported myself.  I'm a senior citizen now and ill. Don't let me down.
The ACHA scares the crap out of me. I have COPD and my medicine is expensive. I've worked hard my whole life and the end...
Dear Sen Rich McConnell, Please Please help me. I'm disabled and live on $931.00 a month. Please stick up for me and others.
hey you fool start backing TRUMP. you're nothing
Time for U 2 step up & FIGHT! The founders would be shocked w UR silence- the failing of America will rest on UR shoulders!!
Time to Do Some Work.  We've had enough Foot Dragging and Game Playing.
. Learn that women are a hell of a lot stronger than you. Dems. don't have the #s now but we are getting there with your help
Thank you for supporting Pres Trump's nominees! Working Americans are anxious to get country on the Right Track! #MAGA
That's an awfully short track bc they don't get the struggles or mindset of an average working American.
Pres Trump will bring them to it. He's bringing in Reagan advisors for mtg as 2 how they were successful.
Bring them to what?
To what avg Working America needs! Keep up.
so you know who are "avg  American workers"
The producers & backbone of America who Hillary called Deplorables. The Forgotten Men & Women.
- nah Hillary called (half) of Trump Supporters deplorables (based on actions)
The GOP is a bunch of accomplices of Trump. He denigrated the ctry  insulted all, uncivilized, shame of USA 
Impeach Trump
there is a reason ppl are fed up with Washington and you are one of the reasons.  You didn't compromise in eight years.
How do I obtain six tickets to see President Trump at Freedom Hall?  Please reply to my E-mail j_bennett76@att.net Thank you
, You need to get to work on repealing/replacing Obamacare and getting our taxes lowered our our country is going to go down.
KY, poster child for the ACA, 200% of uninsured covered, 500,000. Now you Mitch are putting them in the streets to die, nice
REally, what BS. He is despised, hated and taking health care from all. Proud, but his name on the wall of shame. Despicable
Accusation without Evidence - Republican and Communist Way
Be prepared for the revelation that Trump and cronies took money from the Russian government for his campaign
Tax payers pay electric, etc., Senate to operate, and DemocRATS are stealing from us.  It is called "Theft of Services."
u will b found by history2be on wrong side of issues; uhave outdated perspectives&have outlasted ur congressional usefulness
the party of so called Patriots has become the party of Russian collaborators and traitors to the American people. NO SHAME
DEMAND Sessions RESIGN for lying to Congress NOW or suffer complicity in this crime. He lied to TWO SENATORS: WHY?
Please fix Obamacare and don't repeal it. Please remember your duty to the American people and not just think of your wallet
KY is rated the best State in the Union to make the ACA work for the people, Kynect, 500,000 insured yet you trash US!!
We want investigation into 45's ties to #Russia Demand #TaxReturns now. #DoYourJob And stop working to make the rich richer.
Shame on you! Rescinding coal waste regulations? Waste ponds leaking into ground water and rivers with no responsibilities

There are hundreds of nominees to be confirmed. Why is the Senate on vacation AGAIN!
It appears a lot of the American people want you out... Looks like your doing too much.
YEAH! 'Cause he damn sure won't face you in a Town Hall! Just a wormy ole' coward. Yellow as the sun.
Those people in Covington did not vote for you -- the never will. Repeal #ACA Support #Immigration reform Sen. Cotton & #tax
How dare he 2stand by what was done 2our country, what kind of fraud is this?He is letting Trump/Russia dictate 2us.
His idea of conservative is corruption, our country & people deserve better. Ask him 2investigate Trump&RUSSIA connection
He wants 2take your Medicare& SS away. This bozo doen't care about middle class, time 2wake up.
His lies are costing our country health care, bancroptacy of hospitals& job lost affiliated with pour AC&all healthcare
People keep pushing him,he lied 2his constitutes about Obama care, he told them they can keep their AC,not OC, it's a same
how can you sleep at night for supporting this white supremacist administration
you disgust me- the way that you laughed at that woman u had handcuffed at your luncheon for asking for answers
"Thank you" my ass.  You're ignoring people and their pleas for help.  SHAME.  ON.  YOU.  You will be forever judged.
So he thinks Obama got to set policy when he (McConnell) was one to set the8 year roadblock. Fair?
The Senator needs to lose his job.  His clear arrogance and deaf ear is ridiculous.
only thing to solve the problems is term limits. And end your run in congress
As one of the "losers", I am home....and still VERY CONCERNED about making policy beneficial to the ENTIRE planet!
Today we will not and shall not   entertain the insane people like Mitch- Replace and repeal hm for re-election 30 years
Independent investigation into the WH and Trump is needed now. What is your part in Russiagate, Mitch?

But will you read them? Will you heed them? You work for the people, yet act only for the Republican party in destroying us.
Why are you having a paid luncheon instead of meeting with your constituents today? Are you afraid?  You should be.
LIKE HE EVEN CARES.


I visited your website. found a spelling error. If you can't spell it, should I believe you can create it? #gimmeabreak
Too busy dodging constitutent phone calls to investigate #trumprussia links? #russiagate #putingate #TrumpTaxReturns
So much incredible BS, you give us thanks...no help
#fliphimonhisback
I don't think anyone is interested in emails anymore. They are pissed and your office needs to hear from those who elected u
.@McConnellPress unless you're a loser. Then you can just go home.
please tell the truth about Kentucky coal! Please tell the truth about cheap coal from South America
this old fart needs 2 retire.won the election? My ass.it was rigged.maybe a heart attack can retire him
and nevertheless she persisted and we will continue. Thanks for the slogan.
Perhaps you could actually meet with constituents.  Gee, what a good idea.
nice that you have altrrnative site 4 http://complaints.now  if you can get your senators to take calls that would b great.
Mitch's comment that winner get to make policy. Only the policy the people want you work for us. #Asshats
Sorry Mitch.  The "losers" will not just shut up and go away.  They will persist.
calling is more effective. Now do your job
You sabotage Obama so are you now sabotaging the investigation and have no time for your telephone calls.
just tried to call the Washington number and you cannot leave a message.  An answering machine answers.  Pretty
willing to forgive taking illegal foreign campaign contributions from proRussia Ukraine source if you get Trump impeached!!
Half the Senate is out globe trotting and getting NOTHING done again.  What the hell is your problem?
Why is the entire Senate out on junkets for 10 days when we don't have our cabinet filled, health care or tax relief?
coward!! Face your constituents you abscess!! TRAITOR!!!
you know this man should not be president of United States!Yet you and your colleagues don't do anything to stop him! WHY?
you  should be a shamed of yourself! Now we got a crazy man in the White House and you let him walk all over you! GROW A SET
I have no respect for you sir! The way you treated the 44th president! Why was that Senator? Was it the Color of his skin?
I'd rather call him the cuck that he is right here

McConnell his own kind of scumbag. Nothing would be better than for you to be prosecuted. http://ln.is/bipartisanreport.com/kr58P …
You do not love this country,  if you support the insanity.
holiday is monday.y so many pol.taking off.senate get off your butts and produce !!!!
leave President Trump alone, we like his tweets and if you were paying attention you would know they are fewer now.
Thank you for slavishly bowing to big oil instead of remembering your DUTY to serve the U.S. people. You are DESPICABLE!
This is NOT over. I now call you Senator Bannon.
Please tell Senator McConnell that I heard Pruitt got confirmed due to his forced vote and that I think he is DESPICABLE!
,@McConnellPress #WeThePeople are demanding the #GOP #Saveourworld offer #45 a #FMLA, @VP and @SpeakerRyan can finish w/out him. #Doyourjob
We would like him to hold a public meeting.  Stop hiding!
this is a lie. I have called daily for "2" years. The answering machine never takes a message. Lie, Lie, Lie

made a new rule last year when he blockaded President Obama's Supreme Court nominee.
No new confirmations during a presidential campaign. Now that popular vote loser Donald Trump is back on the campaign trail
DO YOUR JOB OR "SIT DOWN"
it's started. You mccain & grahm are starting to lead and It's not to late. we need to get pence in the Oval office asap.
we the people are sick of the Senate not supporting Pres Trump when are you going to start listening You wife's in this
you need to sober up. Grow up and give Merrill Garland a chance.  You stole his seat.  You are no Christian in my book.
We won't stop. We will continue to call until he does his job & investigates WH corruption/Russia ties. #impeachment
You need to investigate Trumps security team for lying like you do
I live in Kentucky start doing your job stand up to the president. Were tired of your nonsense. If it were Obama you would
Kentuckians, don't let McConnell whitewash the Trump/Puttin administration. Ask for an independent investigation.
You aren't doing your job as an American! Shame on you!
DO YOUR JOB INVESTIGATE, DO YOUR JOB, MITCH

WATCH: The question that everyone should be asking. 
UP OR DOWN VOTE? REALLY? YOU SORRY ASS HYPOCRITE.  America hates you, your party, your POTUS, and we can not WAIT till '18
"To sin by silence, when we should protest makes cowards out of men." ~ Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Country before all else, Senator. NOT president. Remember that!
The fake news is cranked up, stand strong with President Trump, Cabinet needs to be in place, keep up the good work

What is wrong with you and the Repubs...The ALT-RIGHT
is coming out of the woodwork...SHAME..SHAME..!!
http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/cover_story/2016/10/was_a_server_registered_to_the_trump_organization_communicating_with_russia.html?wpsrc=sh_all_dt_tw_top … @SenJohnMcCain  How long will it take @GOP to protect America from Trump and Putin? @maddow
.  ditch Mitch.
And just so you know, this is NOT 1955 anymore and women are NOT going back into the kitchen..unless of course THEY want to.
Mitch, If you have a bit of dignity, resign immediately! #russianhacking #Russia #russiagate
Mitch McConnell you've got to pick another career. I'm praying for you to please resign.
Congrats on coining the rallying cry "Nevertheless, she persisted."  It will forever be part of your legacy.
GOP are a bunch of cowards for not standing up to Trump. #cowards
