@VP #Trumpcare , FIRESIDE CHAT to the nation next week from the Oval Office, Graham,Cassidy, Pence ,Price & POTUS, PRIME TIME! Q&A !! #MAGA
No comment.
Mean while in Puerto Rico the us continues to screw them over
R u gettin ready to screw over poor ppl with the New version of Trump Deathcare.
And, you did not respond to the Nazis.
Mitch! I didn’t know you were Mexican!!
Hypocrites!
SenMcConnell many of the Jewish Faith will be among those hurt by the GrahamCassidy Ins. Prop. that will take insurance away from 30mill.ppl
Thank you sir!

Disgusting.
It will be happy when you are no longer ruining this great nation of ours!
Mitch McConnell: the man who took Senate precedent & tradition, and skid marked all over it.
"...now I've got to get back to my obsession of repealing the #ACA for no good reason."
#SaveACA

Like you really believe that. Racist! Traitor! @realDonaldTrump supporter! VOTE NO ON THE #deathbill
How about holding public hearings on the latest GOP death (aka healthcare) bill? Because as one who does observe, your words are hollow.
I would like to add my blessings and well wishes along with you/#MAGA
Ky's original Turtle Man giving the #ACA cash to  the #2 "east coast con man" Snakey @GovMattBevin, keeps that Swampy Koch water flowing
SAVE ACA!!!   IMPEACH tRUMP INSTEAD!!!
What did you do look that up? Hippocrate
Merrick Garland
Eat shit get that phrase out your mouth you’re a disgrace to this nation and you look like Gary Oldman from Hannibal

Your a bad person
My year would be better if I weren't so scared I won't afford health insurance next year- for the first time in my life. No Graham Cassidy
Stop the PR AND SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT! Repeal and replace O CARE!
#DrainTheSwamp
To name celebrators "those"  shows such a lack of care and respect.  This tweet is heartless

@potus @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity No vacation for Congress until obama's HMO hellcare is REVOKED! Ban imported generics & SHUT DOWN PBAs!
Yeah, but don't wish them good healthcare or you'll look like a liar. Who do you work for? #trumpcareKILLS
This is one sick republican. Call her out. #AllLivesSplatter.  Republicans have become  sick perverted useless people
Happy new year
Repeal Amd replace nothing less!
How do you keep winning elections...
Thank you. Act like we do and look out for the disabled and those with pre existing conditions
On behalf of all Jewish people, ! And on behalf of all Americans, 
You need to celebrate Yom Kippur and atone.
Ditch Mitch!
guess trump says jump you say how high master with graham belittling you with Cassidy.
Except to those whose health coverage will be taken away by you. May they die in poverty.
Pandering the Jewish vote. How sad.

Thanks for killing people to feed your greed!  There's a warm place waiting for you!
You supported an anti Semite for president.
Will you tweet a positive statement at the next Islam holiday?
Maybe take the word "leader" off your handle, bub. "Bitchboy McConnell" is 1000 times more accurate.
Shame on you Mitch McConnell you take healthcare from millions just so a Russian loving traitor can sign a bill. How do you sleep at night?
Thank you. Now get to work on the trump agenda
Hey, you're a liar.
Why? Because they donate to you? Yeah. Thought so. Two state solution - screw the stream of money
Shut up
You forget to tell people to also enjoy their healthcare while they still have it. Since you are trying to take it away. #yousuck #caremore
You mean am the NeoCon Zionist... C'mon leader, there's always an agenda...
You're trying to rip health insurance from millions. And you're failing, thank God
"Meanwhile I, a human turtle with no soul, is busy working on ripping away your healthcare"
Did not write this yourself. For sure didn't even know what the words mean
Your continued pandering and lies are just a smokescreen that only the truly foolish believe. We know what you’re up to.
This is meaningless as the GOP tries again take healthcare away from >30M Americans
Lying phony crook please do something besides trying to take away health care
complicit
as you destroy healthcare for the American people. Shameful given your A1 government health insurance paid for by us.
Are turtles kosher? Asking for a friend...

Graham-Cassidy could turn a red electoral map blue: http://slate.me/2wzsr0W  
Stick it up your Trumpcare
Get your head out of Trumps butt and do your job you were elected to do in case you forgot its to support constitution and America
He wishes Happy New Year,before screwing Americans by taking health insurance away!Will ur preexisting conditions be covered? #NoRepeal
They wouldn't even let Mitch stay in the military. #courtmarshaled
Coming from anyone else......but not you.
Build the wall, Mitch!
Since your support of the healthcare bill is a death sentence to many people, I fail to see how they'll have a Happy New Year.
My brother got stuck with O-care now he has a shitty plan high deductibles rising premiums. I lost a good doc. Thanks Obama you lied
I'm sure that just rolled off your good-ole-boy tongue.

Seems you celebrate the Talmud/Goyim Doctrines also, your viewers need be aware of truth  http://www.talmudunmasked.com/chapter8.htm 
Got to say, you are good at this sort of thing. A master, in fact.
Every time I see Mitch's Twitter picture, I puke.
Stay out of our holiday you miserable person
Do you know how to say "we are trying to screw the country with our shit-health care bill" in Hebrew?
But you will support the nazi sypathizer in the white house.
Oh puhleeze, Mumbles! You don't give a damn about anyone.
Thanks. It'll be really happy as we face higher premiums due to your rush to pass #GrahamCassidy w/o CBO score, debate, input, Rot in Hell!
You are willing to KILL Americans for Koch ? #Trump supporters, of course you are!  Not #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Happy new year while you screw us all with that #trumpcare bill. Shame on you.
You have no moral or ethical right to wish us Happy Jewish Ney Year.
And to celebrate drop the health care bill now.
Allah akbar and mozel tov.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Shut up
גיין באַרען זיך
Thanks Mitch, when can we expect those new PatriotMissile brigades that #Rouge1 promised, before or after nix deal with Iran. Before I hope!

Enjoy the year while it lasts friends; the #turtle wants to take away healthcare & you might be in his sights #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
If the immortal healthcare bill you are pushing passes, Congress & their families need to get it to prove how great it is. @LindseyGrahamSC
Here's hoping Americans have decent healthcare this coming year we won't with the Cassidy and Graham ridiculous bill
Happy new year! Before the day of atonement arrives, i plan to bankrupt 32M people!
gfy
@lutherstrange will not win. He is a #swampmuppet. ROY MOORE IS ALABAMAS choice for senator
Obama Care saved my life. You wish to end it. You and your cronies wish to commit mass genocide. Your doing what Hitler did to ur people.
Sorry Mitch but that won't get you votes
, I hope your new year is as bitter as hyssop.
L’Shanah Tovah to all those celebrating #RoshHashanah. Happy New Year.
Longing that the day will arrive soon when we will dance on your grave #ACASavesLives
I hope you spoke with Manafort on the phone.
WHORE! TRUMP WHORE!
Having racist spineless leader willing to steal peoples healthcare, wishing Jews a happy new year takes chutzpah.
Wishing people with pre_existing conditions a Happy New Year when they may not see the end of the year due to GOP greed is pitiful...
You are a complete Putz
RT if you want the GOP to give up it's attempt to pass Cassidy-Graham
You mean... Happy New Year without health care if you have a pre-existing condition. Right "polio boy that was saved by Medicaid"?

How dare you wish well to anyone when YOU are ripping healthcare from millions. Stop your LYING!



You're a terrible person @SenateMajLdr! you have no business wishing a happy Jewish new year to us, after you mock us w/this healthcare bill
Don't worry. It was actually a staff member.

Ur health take away bill will kill & cause many others suffering. Ur an embarrassment2 http://America.GOP  =Greed Over People party
Wipe the smile off your face
Why don't you show you care for KY constituents & repeal BOCare & lower taxes or resign? You embarrass your state.
L’Shanah Tovah to all those celebrating #RoshHashanah. Happy New Year.

#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Thanks are you still going to take away there healthcare for no reason?
Thx Mitch nice of u right before u & your friends ensure childhood cancer survivors can't get coverage. Let's have a cup of coffee to chat

Disgraceful.
Ditch Mitch he's corrupt

I can't imagine there's a Jew in existence who cares what you think.
thank you
"Unless you need Healthcare, then Ef you" - @SenateMajLdr
Congrats on posting the most insincere tweet of the year.
Thanks, Mitch
You need to hold public hearing on the new proposed HC so WE can decide if WE like it....remember, YOU WORK FOR US!
No, Mitch works for the Kochs and other lobbyists and corporate donors. He's senile and sometimes forgets who he is SUPPOSED to work for.
Sad, but true.  They could care less about us.
Trump and Russia’s Puppet. Your Not Cheap #followthemoney
Like your post! We would like to invite you to see a cartoon about Trump.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
Do u work?
There will be millions not entered in the book of life thanks to this health care bill.
Obamacare is dead.
Stop, you dont care
You can no longer turn a blind eye to POTUS' incompetence. You must #ImpeachTrump.
