Absolutely wrong.  This is a time for GOP leaders to pass commonsense gun laws.  Refusal to do so will lead to more senseless shootings.
How about a law + severe criminal punishment that just outlaws assault rifles? Ppl don't need nor should have them.
ZERO reason- period.
Unfortunately that's not true.


Why don't you allow a vote on banning high capacity magazines?
People start making their own mags that jam up and self explode their guns. Less safe for them, more safe for others
I'm  pretty OK with a future in which the Stephen Paddocks of the world have their mags explode in their faces, sparing the rest of us
and for you, it's more profitable than 99.999% of Americans will ever have, right?
Is is shocking and tragic when u cash ur check? U are just as responsible!
How would you know?
Have you paid NRA back yet?How much do u owe?I’m sorry about ur stolen soul,but it is  policy not to negotiate with terrorists.Im sure God will understand.
#MASA
If it's too early to talk about gun control  in this case can we talk about Newtown or Orlando yet?
Really? Is it shocking? Fuck you. Quit taking NRA money and selling our souls. You should be ashamed.
@SenSasse Time to immediately outlaw bump stocks.Then pass more strict gun laws. 33,000 Americans per year are killed by guns
#GunControlNow
Tread lightly with new anti #2A Bills.
You are tragic. Resign.
Stick your prayers where the sun doesn’t shine. Pass gun control. We used to have an assault weapons ban. Bring it back.
What's really shocking is you continuing to be a mouthpiece for @NRA . Americans want common sense gun laws. DO YOUR JOB! 
Absolutely. And liability insurance should be required for gun ownership. The insurance companies would stop those that shouldn't have guns.
Indeed, as health insurance companies r oftentimes excellent @ stopping people from getting recommended care. (I don't disagree necessarily)
What insurance companies do that @GOP/NRA hate is accumulate statistics. Statistics the GOP block.
2016 donations
To RNC :
NRA.     $3,200,000
Nat Shoot / Sports Foundation $1,750,000
Nat  Assn for Gun Rights $409,323
Once again, u choose not to say or do anything regarding our draft dodging pig of a prez. R u so castrated that u can no longer find balls?
Maybe you will listen to what the families say then?
The survivors and family members of mass shootings have a message for the leaders of our nation. 
I agree.  What’s happening in Washington DC is shocking, tragic, and for Americans, it’s devastating.  You’re a whore, trump is a criminal.
So, clearly time to do something? Let's see some actual leadership to support your "leader" title.
Start with this something you can control: 
  -ban bump stocks
  -don't allow armor piercing bullets
We don't need thoughts & prayers.
Not just families- tragic 4 AMERICA #FOOL
@jidk1187 can you believe..whimps putting out these sorry azz tweets. ACTION  speaks louder than these weak azz tweets!
#BoyBye
#gross negligence @GOP
not too soon2 act. We stand in hour long lines at TSA & take our shoes off/surrender liquids due 2 9-11. We didn't dream that.
Time to talk is NOW
NO modify guns to shoot 90 Rounds in 9.43 seconds
It’s not possible for 58 GUNNED down, to TALK
nor 49 Killed FL
You & GOP congress have put unburdened
pressure & work on @LVMPD 
Looking up Serial #’s on 47 Guns in 4 states;
page by page-NO DATA BASE
Hell is waiting for you.
Now is the time to talk about gun control!
So get off your lazy ass and do something.  Stop accepting NRA money.  Pass gun legislation.
https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=63b_1507062726 …
They are doing the job they were elected to do. It is that simple.
Not shocking at all. What is shocking is that you won't support responsible #GunContolNow
#boycottkoch

There is more we can do, and we need to do it. Love to my hometown. #VegasStrong 
Yes, it is. Shame on you.
#BloodOnYourHands #LasVegas SHAME ON YOU @NRA @GOP @FoxNews http://EVERY.WESTERN.COUNTRY .DOES.BETTER.THAN.USA
Plus Louisville Ky is one of the most violent places in the US 
You literally had a shooting at 3pm during the Pegasus parade and nothing...
Hey there, one of your KY constituents here. You ready to stand up to the NRA? Gonna give back their money or push gun control? #LasVegas
"for the families, it's devastating. For me, my NRA checks and stocks in gun companies just went up."
Need angry react
Mitch climb out of the NRA's bed.
When is the time Mitch to talk about GUN CONTROL?  Try explaining that to the 58 families!
Mitch: your distraction that the shooting is Politicized! Meanwhile you and your Rich White Republican Pals arte getting paid by the NRA.
You've taken $1.2m from the NRA and you claimto care about the Las Vegas victims?  Stop taking blood money! Change the laws!  Do something!
Here's what's going to be devastating: "over 40 percent of gunshot victims lack insurance to pay for their care."
When is the right time to talk about reforming gun laws? How about Nov. 1st? Too soon? December 1st? Not yet? Wait for another massacre?
Now IS the time to talk legislation.  It might not have happened if u would have done it years ago when you should have.  To hell with NRA.
And it's NEVER time to discuss banning mass murder equipment, the gun industry makes it so, the NRA makes it so,  big money makes it so!
Does it make you sorry you took so much money from the NRA? Fucking hypocrite. You've blood on your hands.
DO YOUR FUCKING JOB #GunContolNow
Assault weapons should be banned
Now is the time, Mitch
And you intend to do nothing about it. YOU, sir, are politicizing this tragedy & don't give a damn about your fellow Americans.

Solutions to mass murders by armed gunmen: major gun control legislation & voting you out of office. You are complicit in this
This is a direct result of your leadership & unquestioning support of lethal NRA policies. You have blood on your hands.
For EVERY American it's devastating, you soulless dolt. It's not shocking b/c you're a huge pussy who blows the @NRA. Get your act together.
@realDonaldTrump wow, u should have brought MAGA hats to PR & autographed them. U r useless & an embarrassment.
Save your prayers and actually DO Something to make a difference! This is the last chance to save your soul.
Considering how much $ the NRA has given you...do u feel at all responsible?  Any other American would...
NOT shocking when we know NRA bribes GOP 2 make weapons of mass destruction ez 2 get. Profit over American people.
Isaiah 1:15
And YOU sir are beholden to the NRA. Why can't we have some common sense gun laws? Why? #BloodOnYourHands Get your shit together!
Same thing you said about Orlando, every other gun tragedy. Prayers. How about you stop taking bribes from NRA and fix the gun problem.
Got a lot of $ from the NRA eh? ‘Thoughts and prayers' — and fistfuls of NRA money: Why America can't control guns
Prayer is for things you can't change. You are complicit in the ongoing mass murder of Americans. Take action. Don't hide in your shell.
@SenateMajLdr $1,262,189 is the number that's going around as what you've taken from the NRA. Too high, too low, or just right?
This is a moment for action. Stop being dragged around by the NRA so they can make$$ U r being complicit in murder Americans deserves better
No assault weapons or conversion kits,no silencers,no armour piercing bullets. We are sick of excuses.Prayers don't keep us alive
Stop being such a coward & pass common sense gun control laws. Your words are empty & do not save lives. No one needs a semiautomatic gun.
We came really close to losing some close friend yesterday, work for the American people not the gun lobby !
But since the gun lobby contributes a lot to your campaigns, it kind of okay right? Certainly not devastating enough to do anything about.
NRA gifted you $922K in 2014 so you're prob just gunna keep your piehole shut huh? #NRAKills
This is the time to stop praying and start acting. What will it take for you to stop selling your soul to the NRA and #DoYourJob ?

BS adjectives Mitch. The NRA gives you a ton of money. You're not going to do anything to stop future tragedies. #boughtbytheNRA
We are not goung away this time.  Do your job. Gun legislation,  chip! You going to kick the can until the next shooting? Disgusting.
You are bought and paid for. How do you even look in the mirror?
Don’t shed croc tears, do something. You say it’s too soon? It’s 3 yrs since Newtown. Trump’s right, you can’t get anything done.
U say now is not the time to politicize gun control. If not now, when? Days after a shooting? Weeks? Months? Years? When IS a good time 4 u?
And your refusal 2discuss anything having 2do with the role of guns is disgusting. You keep kicking the can down the road & never do squat
Let's vote on silencers, armour piercing bullets,
100 magazines, anything The NRA wants? You are not a leader but a COWARD
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/02/opinion/gun-control-vegas-shooting.html …
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/nra-donations/ …
2.   Sen. Mitch McConnell (R)$26,300
Save your breath you’re a hypocrite. You’ve done nothing to ban assault weapons. #BloodOnYourHands
#GunContolNow
And as much as you hope the gun narrative will go away, it won't. The best thing Trump gave to America is the exposure of corruption of #GOP
As a constituent, Mitch, from Irvington, KY, THE TIME IS NOW TO TALK ABOUT RESPONSIBLE GUN LAWS. Talking about gun control is not political.
However, we should all be prepared to die! #amirite
$26,300 is the NRA contribution to your re-election! Hypocrite! Support sensible gun control legislation! Actions speak louder than words!
Please do something about the neverending gun violence in our country. We can't take this anymore.
How do you look at yourself in the mirror or sleep at night knowing you are complicit in these crimes due to your lack of action?
Here's a thought, use your position to DO something instead of using NRA $ to get elected and making excuses WHY nothing can be done.
It’s never too premature to discuss how we can save American lives from gunfire.  It’s actually too late for the victims in the #LasVegasShooting
you are the worst public servant of all time. Inept. You are everything that is wrong with this country. Seriously.
YOU are responsible for all 59 deaths for supporting NRA's agenda. #mcconnelltakesbloodmoney
NOW is the time to honor the victims of Las Vegas, waiting is a dishonor. We need comprehensive gun control, we need action NOW!!!
Then do something to keep it from happening again. #partyovercountry
Premature to talk about gun control?  The time for action is now.
You don't want to talk about gun control right after a mass shooting or in between, so stop being so disingenuous. Hypocrite.
Over 270 "mass" shootings this year. Which day is ok to discuss solutions? Are some mass murders or murderers better than others? Coward.
It IS time to talk about gun control. How many years has it been since Sandy Hook?  You said it wasn't time then. Well, it's time NOW!
Tragedy is saying it's too soon to talk ab "solutions" (your word) to violence. You're the f^^king fed govt! How can solutions be too early?

We will talk about gun control, now. @Reuters @ProPublica @WSJ
You are deeply in bed with the #NRA - it seems yet again, you are very hypocritical Mitchie! #corruptGOP
Shame on you,shame on you,4 saying now is not the time 2 debate about gunlaws,to stop senseless killing of innocent people! #GunControlNow
It's time to ban semiautomatic weapons. Do it
Please remove Leader from your handle. More like chump. Trump's Chump.
And your party are the enablers for this evil people
But then again there would be no money to line your pockets.
Gun violence proves prayer is useless.  Republicans pray after every mass shooting but nothing changes. Time to try something new
Shocking, huh? The NRA sure loves you, a devoted employee! No need for the hypocrisy.
#guncontrol
Like you really give a sh*t
Then do something, you monster! Stop living in the pockets of the NRA! YOU have blood on your hands. YOU are responsible for this!
Also, the fact you see this time as inappropriate is because you see everything with political eyes, not humanitarian ones.
Thank you Senator for doing nothing. The 2nd amendment guarantees our right to an ever increasing body count, just as the founders intended
Thank you for your fearless continued support of mass slaughter & indiscriminate murder across our great nation. It does not go unnoticed.
No, this is the moment to stop the insanity with guns.  Just like the country did with DUII laws, and texting while driving laws and, and...
WHEN IS THE "RIGHT TIME" TO DISCUSS GUN REGULATIONS?? How many people have to DIE for @GOP to increase gun control?60 KILLED? 100 KILLED?
Curious. When is it time to discuss guns and policies that will reduce mass murder in this country? Perhaps we can schedule it at least?
Vote out all the Republicans in the pocket of the gun lobby.  Forget the prayers.  Get rid of the guns.
Maybe if it were your loved ones gunned down, it might be the time to discuss tougher gun laws. I hope all that NRA money, helps wash the blood of the innocent of your greedy, criminal hands...
NO, IT IS PREDICTABLE.  You are in the pocket of the gun lobby.  You are all murderers. Gun control now.

The NRA has given you $26,300. So forgive me if I find your statement cynical and hollow.
@realDonaldTrump signs bill revoking Obama-era gun checks for mentally ill. #LasVegas #GunControlNow 
DJT called Las Vegas shooter insane yet you sent bill to enable mentally ill to buy guns.  DJT signed.  MAD!!!
So maybe stop whoring for the NRA and put some policies in place that protect the 78% of Americans who don't own guns
Take your hand out of the NRA pockets and promote gun control.  If other countries can do it, why can't the greatest country on earth do it?

Thoughts & prayers from Mitch. How nice. You don't want to talk about saving lives. You want NRA money instead. #GUNviolence is your legacy
You don't really care do you? If you did you would tell the NRA to stuff it and introduce legislation to curb #GUNviolence .
Yes it is.  Extremely shocking and sad and tragic.  It's time to close the loopholes allowing people to buy guns with no background checks.
What are you going to do about it?
Any comment on the president having reversed the ban on mentally ill people getting guns?
How much money does the @NRA give you? Until the answer is zero you are beholden to your masters, not the people. #shame #LasVagasShooting

We're NOT helpless. Here are some measures most Americans support that could help stop future mass shootings. Pass it on. (h/t @sangerkatz) 
How much do you get from the @NRA to turn a blind eye to people being mowed down in a hail of bullets? DO SOMETHING! #SendBackTheBloodMoney
I would argue this was expected & inevitable. Stop being surprised. Stop praising responders to create heroes from a tragedy. Do something!
& your only response was redundant, repetitive AND repetitious  It was also weak, soft and flaccid. Much like what you're "packing" I'm sure
Blood on your hands.
Now is the time to discuss gun control.
how many extra dead + injured from conversion kits.
SILENCERS NEXT?   More N.R.A. DEATHS
Bet those NRA dollars really keep you warm at night though right??? #Complicit
How will you and the Senate prevent other gun-caused tragedies. Stop sending prayers, and start passing legislation that will protect us.
Perhaps if you had been there, you would have known the horrors faced by the people in Las Vegas. Perhaps you would care.
Imagine if he used a silencer, like the ones the NRA wants legal.  We need sensible gun control NOW to avoid future tragedies for Americans
You've done nothing to stop this. Prayers are not enough.
If feel thins way, then do something. Except the history indicates you won't. You do not care.
Please sir stop the madness - take these guns out of peoples hands if you do not you are complicit in this evil
Can you please explain exactly WHEN we can expect Congress to take action? This is ridiculous and unacceptable. Do. Your. Job.
NRA spent more than $30 mill to help elect @POTUS including more than $19 mill attacking Democrat, Hillary Clinton.This is on you/your party
You take part responsibility for allowing the NRA to run you. You have blood on your hands.
Another inappropriate time to discuss the issue, huh? Save your thoughts, prayers and hypocrisy.  Shame on you and GOP.
Not like you'll do a damn thing about it. You're complicit with American gun violence. Coward. Hopes & prayers...
Then please pass sensible gun control laws. We shouldn’t have to live in fear like this.
This is EXACTLY the time to talk about gun legislation. Try getting the NRA out of your wallet
You could have prevented it by passing legislation after #SandyHook #GunControlNow #LasVegasMassacre #URComplicit
You need to sit this one out you complicit creep. You posed the legislation that made this possible. We don't need your fake "Oh my God" now
Mitch - any comment on the $26k in donations you accepted from the NRA?
Isn't it, though? And just think! The over $55K the NRA gave YOU helped it happen! "Shocking," "tragic," and "devastating" is such bullshit coming from you. I hope you're not able to sleep for a long, long time.
This is a moment for you to make sure it stops happening. Save your prayers, sir.
Now is exactly the time to discuss common sense gun control. Not one citizen needs semi-automatic high capacity cartridge weapons.
Jesus has had enough of your prayers. He's answered yours by telling you to work on gun control.
1/2 And it won't stay in Vegas w/o REAL gun prohibitions! NO private sales from anywhere anytime. NO intetnet sales. #StopGunViolence
Thanks to you we’re NUMBER ONE!!

No it isn't shocking. It is the outcome of years of pandering to the NRA lobby, who cares not about people but about money.
Yes, and it’s high time you actually do something more than just thinking about it. #gunregulationnow #takeaction #GunSenseNow
Then get cracking on #GunControlNow
This loser said today re: Vegas massacre:  "I think it's premature to be discussing legislative solutions." What IS it that you DO, exactly?
