Knock knock @SenateMajLdr - there are 23 hate groups identified in #Kentucky by @splcenter. They aren't coming, they're here. #WeAreKy
Sold is an anti-Christian hate group.  Why do they have millions of$$ stashed in off shore accounts?
Sold? Or the SPLC?  Seems people who see splc as a hate group is offended by their research.
I'm offended and outraged that they include a multitude of groups simply because they believe in orthodox Christian teachings.
Elaborate on the orthodox Christian teachings... which ones
Marriage for one. The value of human life. That all children have an unalienable right to both a mom and a dad.
When those teachings actively oppress rights of others, it seems rather hateful and spiteful. Probably why they are labeled a hate group.
You deny that children have the right to both a mother and a father?
Good. Now let's remove the inspiration for this hate from the white house!
Then you had better tell this to YOUR president and call him out BY NAME#still a coward
He called out all hate groups apparently you must belong to ANTIFA so you didn't like that!
Even if I were a member, I can look in the mirror and know I didn't kill anyone with my car
I never assaulted Obama supporters either but I have been attacked for supporting our POTUS and our country. There are sick people out there
And i was called unamerican and told to love it or leave it because I didn't support the war in Vietnam nor the war in Iraq.
I think people should listen to Charles Barkley who said he walked by them and never even thought about them. Live your life
You cite Charles Barkley, who spit on fans in Philly? What a role model
I am from Philly and if you know Philly fans at all they are out of control! Philly fans threw poop at the Blackhawks when they won
Then call out Trump specially instead of dodging true morality

NEW POLL: McConnell's approval rating plummets to 18 percent in Kentucky http://hill.cm/3REFv2t  
Wow. No calling out ALL violence since you said nothing about antifa and BLM thugs!!! Try again
Condemn the hate speech directed at our president! REMOVE @MariaChappelleN. Let her be the example America needs to stop this insanity!
You not calling out Antifa as a Mariist Anarchist Group and BLM for being racist hate group, is appalling. We are watching.

my democrats followers love that he is my mentor

Use Trump's name and words.  Trump is an embarrassment 2 this country and most Americans don't want him as President. When is enough enough?
Not enough. Impeach or you are complicit.
When do you plan to condemn ANTIFA or BLM?? Coward!
Past time to take Cheeto out of office.  His meltdown in front of the world goes beyond embarrassing!  Impeach now!
Cuck
Say his name Mitch. Say @realDonaldTrump we as Americans can not and will not tolerate this. You are spineless. Hope the agenda is worth it.
You and paul Ryan need to have meeting and do something about this mess. Shame on you
Too little to late. GOP leader and congressional al GOP leader need to have joint press conference denouncing Trump shit yesterday,
Trump is captaining the GOP titanic, get in a GOP lifeboat or GOP in 2018 is toast in mid terms. Get your life vest now for US citizens,
When are you guys going to impeach Trump?
To ignore the leftist hate groups & lump peaceful protestors who had a permit with Nazis, White Supremacists, etc.  is reprehensible!
If you meant ANY of this, you would have stood up to trump long age. Hypocrite.
the problem is as long as you support trump you own this your party owns this and your soul owns this impeachment is your salvation ........
Senator McConnell, thank you for this!
IMO, it's time for all of elected officials to call out the POTUS for emboldening those groups with his statements on Tuesday.
Wasn't this your Democrat buddy? It was you that memorialized him in the Senate Hall.
Deeds not words. DO something. Twitter handle says 'senate majority leader'. Still waiting. (Crickets)
Our president disagrees. Please stand up and be a hero by impeaching him.
The people voted for DJT & his agenda not congresses!  Get it done or get out America needs tax cuts badly! Stop fighting the voters!

Lame...u r afraid to call out Trump!!..& ur wife continues to work for him...shame on both of us...doesn't surprise me


What difference GOP from DNC in KY...nothing, we didn't elect Reps to implement the Dem agenda...they will all go down
Good speech, tell me was it in front of a confederate flag like the one you did years ago #whatisahipocrite
You're still good with tax breaks for us rich guys though right?
Betcha you take money from Soros and are happy the racist groups in the left did what they did
Another spineless rino what about BLM and george Soros documented hater of Israel and the Jewish people no better than the kkk
Which means what, exactly?  Are you proposing to selectively cancel 1st Amendment rights for unpopular groups?  Come out and say it if so.
You are the Senate Majority Leader! Do something ! Put your money where your mouth is. #ImpeachTrumpNow
trying to do catch up are we.  You waited to see how the rest of repubs reacted before you jumped in.  Shame on you.
Nice passive aggressive behavior. You're probably breathing a sigh of relief that the target is off your incompetent back. Grow a pair.
Your weak comments put you on the wrong side of History. @realDonaldTrump  is morally unfit for office. #impeach
Are you going to let them take down monuments to Washington and Lincoln and Jefferson. Stop being a coward. Defend the President
Call the president out by NAME
Statements are not enough. You have the power to put wheels in motion to end this disastrous chapter in American history. USE IT.
so you twisted presidents words. Disgrace! Im voting with democrats. You are no different. You should stand by @POTUS > you make me sick!
Don't vote Democrat, vote out the RINO's.
This is what Liberals have done for our people in this country.
Listen Mr. DO YOUR JOB! BREAK FROM THIS PRESIDENT OR YOU WILL GO DOWN WITH THE SINKINK SHIP! @SpeakerRyan THIS GOES FOR YOU TOO @GOP
@SenateMajLdr's wife, @SecElaineChao, Torn betweentwo lovers, feelin' like a fool& Breakin' all the rules!"
In Spanish, they say “Dime con quién andas y te diré quién eres” - “Tell me with whom you walk and I will tell you who you are.”

Words are cheap. Do Something! #ImpeachTrump #FireBannon
Awesome, thanks for not doing a goddamned thing five days after the fact. Lose your agenda for a minute, this matters to the US. #useless
Mention trump by name or go away. No straddling.
Please say this loudly over & over. This Lexington resident needs this unequivocal condemnation to let bigots know they have no home here.
Call out Trump by name for *not* unequivocally condemning hate groups. To protect Lexington & all of KY you need to condemn Trump's actions.
I rarely agree with the Senator but I must commend his patriotic and heroic stance on hate and bigotry.  Thank you!
Your statement seems to say we need to stand against Trump? He condones it.
"We all have a responsibility to stand against hate and violence, wherever it raises its evil head." Trump reared his evil head, what now?
"We can have no tolerance for an ideology of racial hatred"... I agree. But we have a president that doesn't. Now what?
Mitch, grow some manhood and denounce Trumps comments...are you afraid?

What is wrong with you people? DJT condemned all violence racism & bigotry on all sides. You must live in the twilight zone!
So now it's just business as usual?  Statements don't change anything anymore
Your words are cheap! Do something, or risk being associated with the white nationalists in office!
Spare us. These are lies. You still support Trump. #ImpeachTrump #WednesdayWisdom #Russiagate #Treason
Too little too late  trump, bannon, miller and gorka have to go
Beware y'all are pushing real Americans an bad people to stand together to preserve history
How about you denounce the damn president!
I think all those in public leadership positions do not support hate groups only that someones words have to be twisted to sound different
You and rest of cowards in Congress stayed whimpering in the corner when Barrack O was destroying this country.  #MAGA
Thank you Sen. McConnell. Hate has no place in America.
And McConnell still supports Trump as leader. Just another "Grab 'em by the pussy" day at the GOP.
The longer you keep @realDonaldTrump  and his Admin in office. The more the world and America sees you as siding with #Nazis. #ImpeachTrump
Thank you. Disavowing these groups should not be difficult for all Americans. The what-aboutism does not change the need to denounce them.
Libtards #BlackLivesMatter and #Antifa going around destroying property too! Why won't you #RINOS acknowledge that?! @POTUS is right!
The American people want you to oppose the words of Trump. You are taking the path of a coward
All this Thanks @MayerJimGray for starting this by trying to get your 2 minutes of fame. You stand and guard the people. Just a tool.
Mayor Jim Gray will ruin Lexington
The @GOP needs to REMOVE #Trump from office by any means necessary ASAP. He is the #1 supporter of hatred & bigotry & a danger to us all.
That's laughable. Did you say this when Obama had BLM and the Muslim Brotherhood in the WH Pres Trump condemned the hate groups and violence
BLM and Nazis are not the same. KKK BLM not the same. Are you a birther too?
Too little, too late. You condoned racism when you nominated Trump. #ImpeachTheClown
I miss the days of brave patriots who had the courage to inspire & enlighten an entire nation. We're stuck with traitors..for now. #Vote2018
It's really to bad that McConnell cannot demonstrate being a real American as he ignores condemning Trump for his AltRight neo-Nazi support.

As one of your constituents, I agree and expect a similarly worded statement next AntiFa and BLM rally. Condemn hate on both sides.
Mitch's wife was beaming at Trump yesterday. Disloyal and creepy.
Geisha
This is NOT enough. You need to speak TRUMP's NAME. You need to IMPEACH him. NOW.
McConnell and Trump are the same. Don't let him tell you otherwise just because he keeps his racist talk in code
See how easy this was @realDonaldTrump ?
Don isn't shy in calling you out by name, Mitch. We all know who you're talking about. Say his name: Donald John Trump. Be brave for once.
Why is this ok? How will you fix it?
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Nice words. Now is the time for action. Fire Bannon. #ImpeachTrump. Bring respect, decency and American values back to the GOP.
President Trump has done nothing to me impeached so keep on dreaming delusional crazy lady. He didn't condone hate groups.
Yet you won't condemn the titular head of your party for fueling the flames of #racism #Antisemitism DO IT MITCH The world is watching
Who is condoning antisemitism? You seem to be confused. Ivanka Trump and her children are Jewish so don't even try and claim it's her Father
How about speaking about your esteemed leader?
