Simple solution: DACA PPL should use next 6 mos. to get citizenship paperwork registered or be DEPORTED. After that end it!
Do you understand how DACA works?

They have no legal path to citizenship.

Guidelines here:
Additionally, those whose DACA status expires 6 months from now and later are NOT allowed to apply for renewal at all.
DACA = Unconstitutional law deferring deportation of illegal immigrant. You R right the renewals end. The scam
I have mixed opinions on the constitutionality, and will leave that for the attorneys.
But congress didn't act so Obama put a band aid on it
Did he? Or did he just pour salt on the existing wound?
He gave the stuck humans a short term option, and poured salt on congress to sort it out, IMHO. 
They haven't acted.
Pretty clear, Congress has No creativity or original thoughts! They need 2 listen 2 constituents!
That's cute how you think trump has a legislative proposal.

How long has congress been debating this issue?

Where's your bipartisan plan?
Americans are NOT for DACA! WE are going to vote y'all OUT!
@McConnellPress no deal without mandatory E-verify for all employers
That's about as empty a statement can be
Disagree.  Nuanced but strong. No use of Pres title;.  Insisted back to"strong border security";  DACA will be DISCUSSED rather than is part
You suck Support Donald Trump 100% on all issues or We The a People will vote you out! Period end of subject!
his agenda is what needs to get accomplished quickly for our nation to right itself, in that all American citizens can stand tall proud and
Why did you wait seven years?
get rid of the 60 vote threshold or well get rid of u! You've been useless! We DON'T WANT DACA & 800,000 lawbreakers & their families @potus
flourish with our families and friends, the American dream!!!!
Did the politicians own their in procrastination in this problem by their greed for self and not the overwhelming  problem, MITCH.
The founders did not intend for. Monopolizing their seats for decades. It was  not intended  to turn back in the feudal system that we beat.
KILL DOCA NOW!!
You're an idiot.
DRAIN THE SWAMP
how about showing leadership and not arrogance and finally do away with the filibuster, get things done. grow some balls
Weak. So much power and such weakness. It's crazy
DACA IS NOT A LAW BARRY SOETORO MUSLIMS SAID MANY TIMES IT WAS ILLEGAL. WE HAVE LAWS THAT DAY DEPORT ALL ILLEGAL ALIENS THAT INCLUDES DACA
Work on issues? Are you serious? 290 Bills Senate ignores! Resign if you can't get the job done. You won't need to worry about 2020. Ousted!
You & govt officials republicans & democrats need to help DACA kids earn their citizenship. Our ancestors came here from other countries.
Your statement says nothing. Do you actually have an idea on this? You are waiting for trump? Trump doesn't make laws. Figure it out.
Turtle McMitchnell offering nothing of value again.  Thank you Kentucky for giving us this hack.
I can guarantee you alot of us from Kentucky feel the same way. If it wasn't for the coal miners & the poor rural communities he would lose.
#McConnelling Working Very Hard To Say Absolutely Nothing At All.
"I stand before you, to stand behind you, to tell you somethingI knownothing about"#McConnelling
Why does it seem like McConnell never says anything in his 'statements'?
Exactly my thoughts...lol...sigh..
Ditch Mitch! Asks Trump to stop "Drain the swamp" he can't hire good peeps. Good peeps who love will work for peanuts, its you!
If only I lived in your state...u would not be my senator.  AMERICA LAST..DACA FIRST.
Fake Republican. Fake American.
I applaud and thank you for your service thru the years, however this great country of ours has new leadership and  an agenda that the
We have an immigration emergency,  600,000 of them and only 6 states with immigration judges with 33 near retirement, disgusting.
@realDonaldTrump When will the DACA parents be deported? Any amnesty is unacceptable. 1986 we were PROMISED "NO MORE AMNESTY, EVER".
Look like a wait strategy, how about putting your own together.
majority of America agrees and stands behind with 100%!  President Trump @realDonaldTrump has this country's best interest in mind and
with a congressional leader that can move our agenda along at the speed of Trump!!!!!
then at least do your patriotic duty for this awesome nation and get the hell out of the of the way so the American people can usher in anew
at the speed of Trump!!!  If you can not adhere to the new voices of change and action that loudly and proudly proclaimed this last november
Mr McConnell @SenateMajLdr please just DO YOUR JOB!  And do it quickly!  America has voted and now demands the entire body of Congress move
How can we believe anything that comes out of your mouth?
Your words are meaningless
Hey Princess, get out of bed get to work, stop the drama be a leader work with DT, tax cuts by Thanksgiving, Small business H insurance help
Mitch I would hope you are working on an immigration plan as well. It must include e verify.
Just a reminder,McConnell is a national hero for defending SCOTUS from liberal control.DJT's most important act (Gorsuch)resulted.MAGA!
REMOVE THE FILIBUSTER and GET IT DONE. #BuildTheWall
OH PLEASE!! Your so full of you know what. Do nothing #McConnell deep state elitist!!
"Border security" minus a "border wall" does not equal any type of lasting "border security".
I am extremely concerned that you continue to say you support "border security" and seem to be unwilling to say that support the wall.
Support the president! That's what the American people and the republicans wants.
I don't trust you to do what you say. Support Trump!
Leading from behind again? Typical.
MCConnell quit working for the left and Soros and give your Senate the 51 member vote, your not working for the people.
Put DECA back on Congress, let them deside, they let Obama do this.
DACA should be delayed until ACA repealed, replaced, border wall, tax reform, stronger military
No one cares what your position is. It's over. Resign
All you can do is roll your eyes at this rhino buffoon! Mitch McConnell is probably the biggest swamp monster out of the bunch!
the statement got cutoff (see screenshot)
I am so sick of these politicians roundabout statements they give us without specific answers to tough questions. Evasive to the core!
Damn it Mitch, shut the f up and pass bills Trump can sign.  Every thing else is a waste of time and energy.  Turn off the CNN or fox mica.
Get the budget passed with the wall funding, increased security, before any "go ahead" signs are given to illegals. 1000 per/day is not ok.
Really Mitch. This what we are paying you for - NOTHING just like this and other empty statements and getting nothing done.
Do not trust you!
NOTHING you OR the Dems. say will shake my support for OUR PRESIDENT.  #BuildTheWall
#AmnestyDon - if you support DREAMERS you are a TRAITOR
Don't hold your breath, he thinks he's an idea man, not a specifics kind of guy. Why not pass single payer healthcare while you wait?
There is NOTHING you can say,tweet, write- that is believable. You have openly betrayed voters on Obamacare repeal, tax cuts, wall, and more
Drain the Swamp!!!!
Before DACA

E-Verrify
RAISE Act
WALL

@POTUS @VP @GOP
Where's the wall?
The fate of 800,000 DACA youngsters, who must show they have no criminal history to qualify, has NOTHING to do with border security.
In other words, you'll make sure to screw all us citizens. Geez #VoteAllIncumbentsOut
Kind of lame response. don't see anything in the pipeline with this attitude
ShldCitizens feelunreasonable 4desiring 1stPriority?
WhyLaws, if emotions r allowed2 dilute consequences?
#DACA
http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/immigration/326272-most-illegal-aliens-routinely-commit-felonies?amp …
President Obama thinks you look mighty glum. Too bad...
NO WALL
So @realDonaldTrump must do YOUR job TOO?
You're really whacking t/ball back to @POTUS?
Is it not THE JOB of #Congress to draft legislation?
You can say it Mitch, come on say it with me.... THE WALL...We will fund THE WALL.
Karma is a bitch. God does not like ugly & you're ugly literally & figuratively @maddow @realDonaldTrump @Lawrence
In other words, you want amnesty for ILLEGAL aliens. @realDonaldTrump = @BarackObama = @HillaryClinton = @BillClinton = @JebBush = McConnell
Well I guess it is a statement.  Not a position or information.  But it is words.
Too small to read. You know what they say about the small print!
I dont know... clumping human lives with a wall seems like holding life hostage for brick
Translation: #statusquo you #RINOS need to go away. You are of no help, only #Obstruction courses in your veins
If the GOP gives a free pass to the illegals without stricter border requirements I hold the GOP leaders responsible!
Do your job. Healthcare. Taxes. Wall. Or get out. We the people are onto you.
You are NOT honest.  You are a tool of the Chamber of Commerce who wants cheap foreign labor and open borders.
Sounds nice now do something about it. Less talk and more action. If I remember correctly, YOU lost the healthcare vote by 1 vote. Fix that.
Of course you all want to take care of illegals before Americans get out already
once again Mitch, your spine of Steel and Strong conviction to justice show all Americans what it means to be MajLdr. FU
Breaking news: @realDonaldTrump could care less what you want. You're unpopular with your own party and president #EpicFail
This is not a statement on where you stand this is swamp spew.

Political B.S
Geezus, STOP it already, what a half ass excuse/statement!  Get your sh*t together and DO something or RESIGN!  Is that clear enough for you
Get your asses to work!! Republicans are a complete embarrassment!! And I hope to God you guys get your act together,TAX REFRM,REPEAL,DACA &
Repeal Obamacare don't need to replace just repeal that shit,Our government officials need to keep their hands out of the cookie jar,WORK!!
Pssssst! Mitch! You're irrelevant. FYI
Do your damn job or retire! Get on board with the president or leave.Its congress job to fix DACA not Trumps,congress is the biggest joke!
Gotta say after you obstructing Obama's agenda for 8 yrs it's fun to see Trump making your life hell. Karma is a bitch.
Respectfully when will u get it ,WE the people are in charge via our VOTE WE are requesting you respect that as congress days of not r over
Stop trying to circumvent the 140 character limit, defeats the purpose of Twitter. If you can't condense it, it's not worth reading
Sad when there was a different  President, you wouldn't do shit on our immigration problems.

Too busy writing the obstruction book.
2018..2018..2018..2018
You're not going to get any legislative proposal from Trump. He is waiting for you to do it in the next 6 months, remember?
To pass DACA b4 repealing ACA. Is a slap in the face of every GOP voter. We are hurting.
#CompleteRepealOfObamacare 
#Borderwall #LowerTaxes
WAKE UP #SWAMPMONSTER NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOU  @SenateMajLdr You have proven to be a #rino and soon #Irrelevant #EnoughIsEnough @greggutfeld
In other words Mealy Mouth won't lift a finger to get GOP positions outlined. That needs to be replaced
We need simple majority!
Should of been done a long time ago
We're watching to see if the American people will be stabbed in the back again. Nice statement but actions speak louder. Secure borders!
Keep those in the military&send the rest packing.  Amnesty will only send a bad message & is unfair to those who are in line to become legal
Sen McConnell- 2 amnesty yay votes and 30 years of lies on getting tough on border security in between
Pathetic trump troll bot!
Looks like trump might be a Democrat after all. We can't stop laughing. I hope you enjoy the next few years. Chuck and Nancy send regards.
Why is Sessions and DOJ keeping FBI  agents from testifying on verifying  the Comey testimony if DT is innocent? Trump is innocent, right?
Build the wall.  U am so sick of u people and now the president had given up and is working with the dem. U are destroying our party
Mitch McConnell is a hypocrite
what a http://moron.Read  under Trump after wanting daca,how repubs feel.Millions against it.Make ILLEGALS legal..suicide instantly
Ahh.... the spinning of words. What the GOP is BEST at.
NO BORDER WALL BUT YOU WILL HER THE DACA
You too you freakin lier



"State's Rights "if I stand on the US Border in AZ I don't want to see a wall I want to see the world!are we NORTH KOREA
Feel left out you were not invited to the party?? When will you realize you are @potus whipping boy? Try serving your constituents not him
Get things DONE! Or watch the STUPID DEMS GLOAT over YOUR FAILURES while THEY MAKE DEALS WITH TRUMP!
Election is soon coming so take heed Mitch! Just in case you don't know it!!!
You know what the voters voted for. Defend this country.
Why don't you do your job and come up with one Get it passed and let the President sign it into law I know it easier to let him do your job!
We, the people, have lost confidence in Congress!
You kids better get it in gear, do actual work for American citizens.
#NoAmnesty Deport ALL illegals & ENFORCE OUR LAWS! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump won the election based on those PROMISES!
#EndDACA We look forward to congress working for #USA citizens.  #LawAndOrder #America1st
Where are our tax cuts, 
repeal bamacare?!?
@SpeakerRyan  Perhaps you should be concerned with a statement on helping save our democracy and constitution! Normalization not the answer!
@SpeakerRyan Another thought: what are you doing to provide public visability to the Kobach Agency voter suppression/fraud/data mining work?
Wow! Quite a statement.Better take a break. Don't overuse the old noodle. 
DO NOT VOTE FOR AMNESTY. Wall/Border Security/RaiseACT/no amnesty 4 relatives, those w/o Jobs or Criminal Record, no Sanctuaries FIRST!!!

How do we secure our border when Presidents Reagan-Obama can rescind American protection/sovereignty with a pen stroke?THE WALL IS NECESSARY
Your statement says nothing of value.
...empty words. Just do your job and pass #RepealandReplace and #TaxReform
Nobody cares what McConnell has to say. He's worthless & has done nothing but fight against this POTUS since day one
Build the wall, Mitch!
Wow that is a powerful statement speaker !!!
You & @SpeakerRyan should CENSOR anyone who lies about facts like NancyPelosi & ChuckSchumer just DID. FedUP with LIARS in Congress/govt
He has already spoken. Of course then he reneged, then he agreed again. So good luck getting something in writing.

MITCH give the ppl THE WALL
Any statement on repealing Obamacare?
Will Border security be another failure of yours?
The Art of saying nothing in 10 words or more!
It's not up to @POTUS to create legislation. If u need direction then schedule a lunch meeting and if u still can't figure it out RETIRE
Tweet of the day award 
The only thing citizens want is a pathway to deportion for these Deliberate Amnesty for Criminals and Aliens parasites.
Maybe you. Not most of decent citizens.
#DrainTheSwamp
NO D.O.C.A. or anything even close. The Illegals were , are and always will be "ILLEGAL". We The People DEMAND that you Enforce "Our Laws"!
Ditch Mitch! As an act of obstructing justice & thwarting his President, he told POTUS to NOT drain the swamp. To MAGA we must Ditch Mitch.
Mitch likes 2 bitch about r Pres, doin opposite of what POTUS says. Ppl want that swamp 2 drain - Mitch said no - How insane?! DITCH MITCH
Fix it ,build the freaking wall and start reporting illegals
Just one question. Who is in charge on the Hill, Republicans or Democrats because it's hard to tell?   @SpeakerRyan

That's what I meant. They have a small window to get things done & they're blowing a golden opportunity by allowing D's to control things.
Make it happen. You neee to lead bring a strong law to the table and pass it. It's on you and Ryan. You better listen.
Back OUR PRESIDENT 
Sad turtle says #what
Do your job. Wall funding. Immigration reform.
