so did u suk trump or ur wife 4 her to get a position?
"Little procedural complaints?" regarding rushing the hearings for Trump's nominees. What?

we the people want an independant investigations into Russian interference and connections to trump,we can get nasty&ugly too
How can you look the American people in the eye and spout lies?  Your standards change constantly based on pure partisanship

"procedural complaints"...??!rreeaallly...try "policy adherence"...-thAt's what's missing.
You wrote these rules. Stick to them.
So you continue to lie.  Arsenic wouldn't kill the bug that has grown inside you.
Crooked McConnell! Trump's cabinet picks haven't been vetted by Ethics Committee. You must delay hearings! Disrepectful!
@SenSchumer agree you must delay, 30 hours on floor for each nominee!!  We cannot let people in with conflicts!

@McConnellPress @FaceTheNation @jdickerson @CBSNews
McConnell you are a terrible human being, obstructing for 8 yrs.
too bad
let's terminate your health benefits now and replace it with what and when you have for the AFA replacement you come up with.
Lying through your teeth.
.@SenateMajLdr Why are repubs moving forward with confirmation hearings without proper vetting?
it's a whole different type  (s) that needs vetting to ban them from entering.Trump's choices willthe US as he does
Saw u LIE re u approving DEM caminet as if u didn't have docs. YOU DID. Demand it of Trump
never underestimate the power of a pissed off electorate McConnell we will rise,we will march,can make it ugly
yes we saw your hypocritical bullshit.
Great, talk about this.
I will be tuning in to watch your reptilian self spew lies. Not.
Spewing lies and hatred. And talking abt taking healthcare away from 30k people.

You sound reasonable on surface. In fact, you're a cold, greedy manipulative sociopath.
HYPOCRITE!!!
Stop whining about the Dem.
Talk about how proud you were to obstruct Obama and now whine about obstruction. You LIAR!
Do you read your twitter replies? Or listen at all your constituents? Your agenda is NOT what the American people want!
I hope your grandchildren get a preexisting illness
@McConnellPress You are a terrible man.  You have been seen for your lack of understanding what the people want. We will fight
I am a constituent and expect you to hold the upcoming nominees to your own requirements herein.

I'm glad I missed it.
When will the mines reopen?
There's a swamp in Washington alright. It's fed by the sewer in the Senate. Hypocrite!
I'm trying hard but I can't think of a lower form of life crawling in the sewers.
hyp·o·crite
ˈhipəˌkrit/
noun
Mitch McConnell
Woe to you, teachers of the law, you hypocrites! How will you escape condemned to hell?
you need to sue the surgeon who attached the colostomy bag to your chin
Why,......so you can lie like a damn dog, that's what you always do.
you blocked hearings on Russian interference and Trump gives your wife a job. You are a hack
u r an embarrassment.  I never trust anyone without an upper lip
Where I will lie, tell voters to grow up, and support the man who gave my wife a new job.
You're an incredible hypocrite devoid of any ethics. The swamp swallowed your soul.
why don't you follow your 2009 vetting criteria? No jamming nominees down our throats!
racist old white man
Mitch McConnell ignoring cabinet confirmation procedure he demanded in 2009 
https://thinkprogress.org/mitch-mcconnell-confirmation-ethics-hypocrisy-2c75b671d694#.5z9icmxsp …
which makes you more proud, your hypocrisy on supreme Court or your Russian conflict of interest?
Re. Ethic background reports: "grow up" to Dems for wanting typical, important background checks. You are an embarrassment to America
you're a monster.
probably should have stayed Home: doesn't believe in ethics or health care. Retire old man
You will be live what about those you steal health insurance from.Supporter of immoral Russian collaborator have u no shame
What the hell is going on with this?Now you don't want to do with Trump ethics clearances?
@SpeakerRyan Why have standards for Presidential appointments changed so much since 2009? #GOPHypocrisy
world class hypocrite politician
Hey, turtle, Karma is going to bite you on the backside after the Trump Recession hits.
demand the trump appointments be properly vetted
 SLOW DOWN THE HEARINGS
....and it was typical McConnell sleaze...no one was impressed...

Dems will give Trump's swamp just as much consideration as U gave Garland! SCREW U & TRUMP. We will resist all of ur lies & BS
Remember when you wrote this letter on proper vetting before hearings? #trump #hypocrite #cabinet #conflictofinterest
YOU&YOUR PARTY ARE THE FACE OF EVIL.ALL U KNOW IS TO GET YOU&YOUR CRONIES RICHER&TAKE AWAY AS MUCH AS YOU CAN FROM POOR PEOPLE
@McConnellPress @FaceTheNation @jdickerson @CBSNews

 https://m.facebook.com/groups/440069516194173?view=permalink&id=604844906383299 …
why do u want such quick confirmations? What is there 2 hide? Hurry up for grifters? Mooch
Can't compare from 8 years ago.  Obama was't in bed with the Russians.  #DoYourJob #Ethics
please STOP ATTACKING WOMEN & LGBTQ! Do your job & fully vet cabinet. R u Putin's puppet, too? #ResistTrump #IstandwithPP
https://twitter.com/mimibayposhmark/status/818171654568378368 …
he needs to be voted out
get your shit 2gether w/ OGE. Obama's team move thru swift bc did the WORK. U want a free pass bc ur All White? @FaceTheNation
let's not pretend to be surprised when trump appointments you refused to have vetted prove to be corrupt.
I wish I could b in the studio w/ a basket of rotten !
A process in place forever...vet these nominees!!!
Vet the nominees properly...what is the GOP thinking?We need this done for protection of U.S.!!
.@senatemajldr Considering you've done nothing to restore #VotingRightsAct,I can see why you want @JeffSessions confirmed.#StopSessions
Mitch is a hypocrite
I can't believe you put the blame for the cabinet nominees failure to submit to OGE on Dem
should we just chaulk this up to senility or the fact that you're a hypocrite?
we remember you implemented a plan to block everything President Obama did. You grow up.
 Ur a #traitor!!Looking forward to #TreasonTrials ! U sold ur country to #Russia @FaceTheNation @jdickerson @CBSNews
The alarm bells are ringing Mitch and we're on to you all.  Dissent  and working together is how we'll fight.
McConnell is such a loser. Blocks Obamas judicial nominees and now whines even before Trump is inaugurated. #bigbaby. #TheResistance
And show the world how pathetic you are.
Your 2009 letter to Sen Reid: https://twitter.com/NormEisen/status/818068447716409345/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw …
Arbitrarily applying rules and procedures is unfair and unjust -- your words and actions are causing irreversible damage.
Inexcusable to confirm cab members w/o background investigations. U said opposite 2009.
How does it feel with everyone knowing you are corrupt immoral unethical? GOP is destroying our democracy. #GOPlies #TPGOPEG
This ongoing war between the reps & dems is threatening to eradicate ethics! Shame on you!
Not sore losers. Not losers at all- HRC received 3 million more votes. Won't let you scam the @OfficeGovEthics.
You are a traitor!! Obama's appointments weren't Russian stoolies. I SUPPORT RESISTANCE!!
is a damn liar. OGE paperwork is not all completed. Stop lying. Your out next election. @FaceTheNation @jdickerson @CBSNews
2/ @SenateMajLdr Please stop asking US to bear your lies re: #russianhacking denial. That is on YOU & #GOP. @FaceTheNation @jdickerson
It's not about frustration but due diligence, conflict of interest and competency.
remember this??
explain why you think you and your party is above ethics vetting!
sweetie, don't be like that. Vet nominees& don't lie: dems gained more seats in this elec
1/ @SenateMajLdr It takes a completely hollowed- out soul to go on TV & tell #Dems to "grow up." @FaceTheNation @jdickerson @CBSNews
Democratic Cabinet appts did not have ethical questions. Repubs have cornered that market
You've been after Obamacare for 7 years, and STILL no replacement?? You sit on your brains
Senator McConnell, we the people EXPECT you to live up to your own standards.
Mitch McConnell to Reid in 2009: nominee "financial disclosures must be complete... prior 2hearing being scheduled." 
HYPOCRITE!!!!! You truly have no shame. https://thinkprogress.org/mitch-mcconnell-confirmation-ethics-hypocrisy-2c75b671d694#.qfm12anu2 …
You are an awful man......and you will go down as the worst Leader in history!
you will lie and media will let you.
Your cover photo says it all. You care about big office and trappings of power. That's it. disgrace to your office.
will you answer what will happen with healthcare?? What are you doing?
I hope you stick to your statement on ethics paperwork and cabinet confirmations
Great. Maybe you can explain to the American ppl. why the trump nominees aren't vetted
looks like it hurts for you to smile, turtle.
Talk about how all picks won't clear Ethics Comm due to your scheduling. Shame!!
the dems should give Trump nominees as much consideration as U gave Garland. Nothing more.
.@SenateMajLdr  Why are you moving forward with confirmation hearings without proper vetting?
Watched @SenateMajLdr  on @FaceTheNation Yes, we should treat this poor excuse of a senator with same disrespect he showed to Pres Obama
You must think the public are amnesiacs if you are claiming that you worked w/Obama!
given the proven #russianhacking, cramming thru cabinet w/out ethic vetting irresponsible
Mitch McConnell to Reid in 2009: nominee "financial disclosures must be complete... prior 2hearing being scheduled."
hypocrite  alert 
You are dismantling democracy.  May you reap what you've sown. We will fight for our USA
we need to make sure you will not win reelection!
Could you ta on this?
u work for US history will remember u not what WE stand for we're not as stupid as u think
u are  hypocrit sat on SCOTUS  turn around say ppl wont let dems do same disgusting
@McConnellPress @FaceTheNation @jdickerson @CBSNews You are my sen. what happened to ethics and cabinet picks. #shadyMcConnell
to discuss being a vindictive, racist obstructionist I assume? Also you resemble a turtle
Face The Nation? Amazed you can even face yourself.
Nah, you're dead to me.
McConnell is as repulsive as he is ugly

U said "One of my proudest moments” was when I told Obama “you will not fill this supreme Court vacancy”.
be sure 2 wear ur best shell.  I just signed up 4  the Affordable Care Act. What's ur plan
Great!!!
PRACTICE WISDOM!!!
I hope they ask you about Supreme Court hypocrisy and why you pandered to coal miners
why no vetting by @OfficeGovEthics ? tryna screw the American People there Mitch
@McConnellPress @FaceTheNation @jdickerson @CBSNews who cares what you say. Hypocrite
@McConnellPress @FaceTheNation @jdickerson @CBSNews. Glad you warned us.

This is ridiculous. @realDonaldTrump’s noms can’t drag their feet on ethics paperwork while their Senate friends try to run out the clock.
to the Supreme Court. Now U R crying about the Dems blocking the Rep 1.
U R a hypocrite. U refused to confirm Obama's choice of M Garland...
Explain trying to kill Planned Parenthood which already is forbidden from using fed $ for abortions? Hate women?
we demand full ethics review of each and every nominee!
will you be discussing what an enormous hypocrite you are?#gopcoward #yougiveturtlesabadname
You have never been Live in your life. u do something for a change in stead of complain.
The people have a RIGHT to view the hearings for Cabinet members.STOP  trying to hide them. Reschedule so citizens can view.
Senate hearings, without full vetting of nominees by the OGE  first, shows a disregard for Americans and invites corruption.
What will you argue about 26 million losing insurance. Just soul-less bastard? Russian whore?
Astonishing that most of your brethren got eaten by birds halfway across the beach and YOU were the one that made it.
who cares! no one wants to listen to your sorry obstructing a*s I won;t be watching!
Will you be addressing the rush to skip Ethics Vetting of the #CriminalCabinet ?
Do your job. Vet all Cabinet appointees thoroughly.
@MMFlint please push for answers to this mr moore. Ethics office needs to do job
Answer this letter from the Ethics office if not asked press not doing job #politics
Treat Americans with respect. You serve us, not vice versa. Vet before confirming.
Vet before confirming.
@SenWarren thought "The GOP respects the Constitution-- they'll keep an eye on DJT." How naive I was. Vet before confirming.
Who cares, ur a traitor
Ask about Russian hacking and why ethics reviews for nominees are incomplete.
No confirmation hearings until Trump picks are vetted for conflicts of interest!
let's hope they question you on pushing cabinet hearings to avoid vetting.
You must laugh your ass off when you try to do things.
