LMAO he says they'll have enough I swear three think we're stupid trump does the same thing we can read Dammit
Not unless it is approved.  Can the Wall and move the funds to PR to help AMERICAN citizens
You should impose a surcharge this year to cover the cost
“this is a deal where most of the benefits go to the wealthy and large corporations.” @GOP lies. #TaxReform @Washingtonpost
Kentucky needs a real leader. Unfortunately, your state voters like to be deceived, used, and I assume some like to be grabbed by the ****y.
Just make sure it's monitored properly and money goes where it's actually needed and not some politicians pocket.
http://pieceofnews.com/?p=1873 
“where the rich make out like bandits is the lower tax rate on small business income” says @ABC #TaxReform
Go away Mitch.  Like you care, right.
Lier
Republicans redistribution of wealth has hurt this nation. Stop the deceit.
 Your agenda is bad for our future
You sucks!
And what riders have you slipped in, Mitch? Conditions? What are you trying to sneak past Americans?
From chair freylinghuysen
Which means nothing. Mitch doesn't ask for anything that help anyone without requiring something in return.
Oh , don't we know that ! Slip in a Ryder that would not pass otherwise
Pass the bill to ban devices that allow semi-automatic weapons to mimic illegal automatic weapons. Let’s pass this bill!
Even @USATODAY says that @realdonaldtrump and @GOP “tax reform” is nothing more than a tax cut for the 1%. #TaxReform
Hey Mitch how come your wife took SEVEN private jets for govt travel?  Will she pay taxpayers back for that?  Will you?
The bodies in Vegas haven't been buried DO SOMETHING America is turning into a killing field NRA supports terrorism
Is NOW the time to start talking about sensible gun control measures?
Fair & Simple: ban Bump Stock sales. If the guy who shot Scalise had had one of these, you'd be short a lot of votes in corrupt GOP quorums.
Very good. It is not time to cut taxes, build a ridiculous wall, weaken #Healthcare. It IS time for #ComprehensiveGunRegistration & registry
Just disappear Ole McConnell. You lie too much to believe anything you say. Why is Obamacare still here after 7 years of promises to repeal?
Do something constructive re guns and pull the country together about 1 subject. No sales to mentally ill - background checks at gun shows.
U killed #CBOscore B4 voting. What does yr America look like? U r creating dystopia 4 all but the richest. U need to go asap #deplorable
I don't think we've ever had an honest congress in the USA, but this GOP Comgress has to be by far the worst!
Bump Stocks are total bullshit, all AR7's become machine guns total failure of our Senate to allow that crap!! FIX THIS BEFORE TAX CUTS
NOW IS THE TIME TO DISCUSS GUN LAWS YOU FUCKING IDIOT.

Well if u didn’t try to cut taxes for the rich & subsidize Israel and others, and keep increasing our bloated military, you’d have plenty.
Mitch is for Mitch. F Mitch
GOP still plans to vote on NRA-backed legislation that eases gun restrictions. When you are burning in hell remember Matthew 11:20-21
There is nothing spewed from your mouth that is for the good of Americans. What else is included? Funding for CHIP? #UglyManUglySoul
Enema of the state.
You must keep the Senate in session for 16 hour days until all backlog of Bills are passed and @POTUS nominees confirmed! Dems will fold!
When you took money from the @NRA you caused all of this. Shame on you!
Most Americans see you clearly. You have consistently been more corrupt than the illegitimate president. Your actions are anti American
the @GOP needs critical support, you guys can't even pass gas
no..
The TOOL has spoken.
#GunReform #GunContolNow
When are you and paul Ryan going to start backing the president
Yes mcconnell more schoolmaster resources economic master republican
Rumor true, govt-break, HC-take, Gore-suck unjust make, gun control fake, you ask staff chief "What'd the MORON do now?" daily for 7 mos?
White House request to Congress:
$12.8B for FEMA Disaster Relief Fund
$576.5M for Wildfire Reco
$16B for Nat'l Flood Ins Program debt relief
You lie!


Good.  Now work on this you NRA tool:  Clamp down on guns!!!!
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Better late than never?  Now, #CHIP funding for kids? #SensibleGunLaws ? A budget that doesn't screw poor and middle class? #UnfitToLead

@realDonaldTrump Tell @SpeakerRyan that his wife's plan is NOT AMERICAS plan. Explain to Ryan that he works for Americans not wife's friends
@realDonaldTrump Tell @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan to shut up and listen to ppl who understand Taxes. NO 4th bracket.CHANGE N CONGRESS 2018






What's in it ,see no text on this funding ?
Thanks Mitch.
No brainer. Goes without saying!

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
GOP GO HOME!
Is this why you are so reluctant to stand up to trump?  Why won’t younimpeach him on incompetence? Does Russia own you too?


@McConnellPress why can't you retire already? You are universally HATED by everyday Americans who need        representation!

But kids, oh who cares about kids right? 
#FundCHIP
Best take it from the Mexican Border Wall fund, we don't want that wall anyway.
Can we get @SenBobCorker to sign a defamation / “gag” agreement and accept his notice of retirement like 10/1/01. HE HAS AN AX TO GRIND.
Probably be better if you had not cut it in the first place, you miserable POS
We need #GunReform now.
