@GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #25thAmmendmentNow for @realDonaldTrump #NoH8 #TrumpIsAKiller #RESISTANCE
Who has he killed??? Do tell....


@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  Trump needs to bring back real ethics to congress and make them quit selling the congress to the highest bidder.
Trump is a walking ethics violation.
Have you reported his violations to the @FBI or @DOJgov I'm sure they want to know what ethics violations you speak of. Be specific
His finances are already the subject of an ongoing special counsel investigation.
His finances were earned before he was @POTUS he has taken no salary.
Republicans finally have the House, Senate & Presidency but resist the President & we the American people. You Closet Democraps need to go!
Now is time for all of you and your colleagues to remind yourselves about why you collect taxes and who and what you are serving with them
That's easy. Themselves & their wealthy donors of course.
Let's hope that isn't true..Gov collects taxes for the collective good, not for the benefit of some who might decide to share their largess
Its been 3 decades -  you've had 3 decades to rethink #taxreform
You had 7 years to plan #FullRepeal of Obamacare which you promised to do.
Perhaps its time to move aside & let the next generation take the lead in regard issues that will impact their grandchildren. Its their turn
Congress with No Term Limits is not much better than a Nation under Dictatorship. We need fresh eyes & a quicker pace. Thx for your service.
We need Senators to put friendship, commradary, traditional Senate protocol aside. Put the Nation above RHIP Policy @marcorubio @tedcruz
@JOMainEvent Yeah, u yelled REPEAL for 7 years and didn't do anything for that either so....... enjoy it BC u will be gone!!!!
We've been waiting,watching 4 50years.Democrats and republicans have lied to us about tax reform.All you've done is made millions miserable!
YEAH?  DON'T THINK ABOUT IT, DO IT!!  AND DO IT BIG!!  BETTER YET, MOVE ASIDE!!
And it will be 3 more decades if we don't throw the incumbents out in 2018.
I am sure Wouk will fail to lead just like on Obamacare. Time to repeal and replace @SenateMajLdr
Can't EXPECT YOU to accomplish anything on taxes.
Tax reform should not give tax cuts to the rich. When rich get tax cuts, the poor get stuck paying higher taxes. The poor need the break.
CONGRESS IS IN SESSION EVERY YEAR. WHAT'S WITH THE ONCE-IN-A-GENERATION NONSENSE?!
They recess so often they hardly have time to preen for Fox News let alone do tax reform.
BUT ALL THOSE POST OFFICES TO NAME!
I don't remember anyone complaining there was no tax reform in the Obama administration. Only Immigrant Reform.
And it' is all due to the efforts of our POTUS Trump...what has congress doing before that...oh right...ryan's omnibus plan for illegals!
And do nothing like you did with O'care.  Support our President you self-serving, pompous, windbag
I hear you and the Other Rinos will reject Trump's Plan. Stop Lying to the People! Your Not Respected. Resign !
Once in a generation opportunity to give everything to your corporate masters the Koch Brothers, aye Mitch?  How proud you must feel 
instead of behaving like the unpatriotic undermining left,  grow up sit dn with POTUS & do your job - no excuses & no blaming
Don't let the BULLY in chief (Trump) boss you around like that ! Stand UP to him
Yeah Mitch so you don't have to pay taxes on your corrupt millions
Pepperidge farm remembers.
The Regan tax reforms busted the real estate boom resulting in sinking property prices, lower investment incentives, and job losses.
"Cuz Everybody hurts.....Some---Times" -R.E.M. ;-)
Hope you have better luck than you did with health care plan. 7 years and you still had nothing usable. Better get to work immediately.
All I see is a need to rethink you. You make it hard to remember how corrupt Hillary was.
We are sick of the non leadership. Past Trump's agenda or go home
The posturing and bullshit offered by Coyotes. Have you taken money from Soros too? You know, like Kasich and McCain?
You make me feel ashamed to be from KY, get off your ass and back our president!
Of course the Pres has "excessive expectations". In the REAL WORLD it's RESULTS that matter!
You haven't passed shit all year so what is the freaking announcement for?
You failed, intentionally.  Step aside and take Ryan with you.
Throw it out!
Start over.
Close all loopholes.
Flat tax.
Sales tax. 
Only deduction: gifts to legal charities. 
#MAGA
Like when you fundamentally thought to win back repub control of congress campaigning on ACA repeal and voters see NO RESULTS. #TermLimits
I wouldnt be employed long at all if I had the production of Congress and the Senate. People r finally holding you accountable election time
Than get it done or get the f**k out of the way. We The People have spoken. Get on board wit Pres. Trump's agenda, or b replaced
Time to go you corrupt politicians! You have done nothing for the American people! @realDonaldTrump hold them accountable!
Just get it done @SenateMajLdr
You're not able to pass anything but gas. She should've resigned yrs ago
How about starting with the unrealistic expectation of doing what you said you'd do for the last 7 years, Mitch?!
McCain, Collins & McCaskill should have committee assignments ended. If they can't be part of the team, take them off the committees.
The income tax has driven people to divorce, bankruptcy and even suicide. Isn't it time to end it and the suffering it's caused?
Don't just rethink it - you better overhaul it for the good of the American people who gave the GOP the majority and a President to DO IT!
Going to betray Trump yet again? You guys deserve NO vacation until you get your act together for the American people not just yourself
You have been in office for 3 decades & have failed our party. Shame is too good for you. Get out of @realDonaldTrump way
#DitchMitch2020
Rethink it? No DO it. Enough excuses. Get your damn job done
Believe when I see it! Obstructionist! REPEAL OBAMACARE, TAX REFORM, BUILD THE WALL!
Hogs. Can we get some hogs in the swamp?
Get It Done or resign. You set the time table for legislative actions-fail-now we're the ones being unrealistic in our expectations? Go Now
Hey, imbeciles handling the boss's Twitter: Hope you are accurately conveying to him how angry he's made Trump voters at the @GOP.
And you have been there that long.  What does that say about what you have done in that time you succubus?  DC swamp rats.
Wow.  You act as though you hadn't given it a thought all that time...kinda like obamacare repeal.
HELL YOU CANT EVEN GET OFF THE POT ! YOU'VE SHIT YOURSELF & DINT EVEN KNOW IT! WITH U LEADING, IT WILL BE ANOTHER 3 DECADES . WAY TO GO
Rethink it ? Just redo it . Geeeech.....
Will that be in this lifetime?
Your roll as the Speaker is ineffective, worthless and clearly a failure.   Step up or get out of the way.
don't rethink it do it for God's sake, low and slow does not get the job done
Read the feed. You and your party are irrelevant.
Once in a LIFETIME 2 FCK The PPL Isnt that What You Mean?
You are not the man to make it happen. Leave and don't come back.
No tax freebies to the rich at the expense of Middle Class...while at it, What we have/pay in taxes now is OK if Medicare for all ..
Corporatocratic Religious Zealots should not be touching Tax Reform, for their Flood Up Economics model to get even more entrenched.
And do nothing, just like AHC and all the open position confirmations. Your only accomplishment has been VACATION!!!
You want home. You couldn't stay just once and work on it. You need the money from your drug people back home.
It's not once in a generation you tool. Congress could work on it any time you like.
I feel like you will mess this up just like you did #RepealAndReplace Let me guess, only passes if you get break #killingthemiddleclass
How about legislation to set term limits for politicians who campaign for one thing only to vote for another? #termlimits #youneedtobefired
"Once in a generation" and you RINOS have done ZERO!
Yeah cut it !!

Do something.
where is our repeal? wall funding? anything going on in senate ??
I hope you do more than think about it.
Help the young working class and make student loan interest as deductible as morgage interest! @realDonaldTrump
McConnell following Koch Bros instructions to convince Americans they will benefit from tax cuts to Wealthy 
VOTE MCCONNELL OUT
Why? Because Trump wants a better tax plan! Congress has done nothing but want to tell Trump how to lead. Totally stupid & pathetic!
FLAT TAX ON REAL TIME PURCHASES NO FILING EXCEPT BY BUSINESSES. EVERYONE PAYS including WHORES ILLEGALS TOURISTS IMMIGRANTS anyone in USA.
Then you should fundamentally think about helping the American people by repealing Obamacare or use it for yourself @ pay 4 it by yourself !
Yep, so I hope it's realized that real Americans are tired of this BS. The GOP stumbles w/ ineptitude & a disconnect from real Americans.
Thinking for u seems a prob. Ripping off the Amer tax payer with stupid walls and ignoring threats to our democratic ideals -that's a prob.
Your tax reform is a tax relief for the Rich. You are out to destroy the MdClass and Poor.
Good luck.  It could be a good thing for America but I'm certain under your leadership it will favor the rich at the middle class expense.
your idea of #taxreform ~ take from the low & middle income people & line your pockets & those of your rich friends #resist Republican lies
You will fail at this too. At best you pass another round of Bush tax cuts no real code reform #taxreform
Do your job and get it accomplished.
Can't get it done without repel of Obamacares pork. Repel/Stop don't replace with GOP pork plan. Move the matching grant to states GOP WINS
Support Mo Brooks! All you do is promise when it doesn't count. And fail when it does!
THE FAIR TAX !!!
I just don't trust your thinking
We need a tax cut right now! The working taxpayers are slaves right now because of the obama years! We must have cuts to be free of that!
@SenateGOP Hello?!?! #TaxReform must happen in 2017, no ifs, ands, or buts. "Rethink" isn't enough.
And the if you don't start supporting our president and stop protecting Muller with this Witch Hunt we will rise against you and vote U out
AFTER THE LAST BIG VOTE,
IM SURE U CAN GET 51?
I KNOW RINO MCCAIN IS OUT,
AND I WOULDNT COUNT ON LINDSAY!
COLLINS & MURKOWSKI?
VOTE EM OUT
TheGOP used their sameFAILED plan of lower taxes on1% & rollback regulations during GWBush.  It led to ECONOMIC collapse & AmericanRecession
RESIGN
You failed as Majority Leader. Please step down.
Than do it
UR a sick human being. U don't care about any1 but U. No healthcare, no tax breaks 4 working folks. #VoteTheGopOut U make me SICK
We don't believe you Really INTEND TO HELP IF YOU DO ANYTHING FOR AMERICANS Paying the Bills for All the Earmarks of OUR MONEY you chose
As a Republican I'm so disappointed in the @SenateGOP. Get health care done and keep your promise & tired of hearing about Russia. #POTUS

Retired Marine @AmyMcGrathKY has launched her campaign to take back Kentucky's 6th District from the #GOP. #KYPol 
You've had 3 decades to fundamentally rethink it. JUST DO IT.
Do it?  You can't possibly think that this bunch of idiots is going to get anything done before a bunch of them get tossed in 2018.
You mean screw the poor and middle class?
Well @senatemajldr and @SenateGOP make it actually happen unlike the failed #healthcarebill  #MAGA #gop #America.
Don't give the farm away to the top 1% reagan tried that crap in the eighties and destroyed the economy and debt all at once trickle down 
You Never Trumpes will not do it now you are Liars You hate Trump n that's all that matters to you. NOT AMERICA NOT OUR LIVES NOTHING LIES
Cut taxes for the lower income people!! Not the wealthy and corporations!! That means people who make less than 300k/yr.  Thank you!!
Your inability to effect tax reform is because Corp America owns you, Mitch!
https://americansfortaxfairness.org/tax-fairness-briefing-booklet/fact-sheet-corporate-tax-rates/ …    How is this for inconvenient truths
We do not believe a word out of your mouths.
Sir, your inability to reform the tax code is a lobby problem. An elitist problem.  Corp tax code is lowest its ever been over last 60yrs.
My, my. You seem to not only be rethinking an issue as old as time itself, but fundamentally so. I didn't think you could chew gum and walk.
well stop talking about it and get on it-become doers not talkers
Republicans can't get there tax breaks from HC  so on to tax reform 4 a bigger tax breaks 4 us hard working congress members and our friends
U people can't handle the complexity of healthcare and u think u can "rethink" the tax codes. 
Maybe you should stop wasting so much time on TV complaining & get to work. You have committees, what have they been doing the last 29 yr?
You're a fraud McConnell and everyone knows it.
Yeah? Any reason you haven't been talking about this like 3 years ago? 10?
You are a once-in-a-generation failure.
Then REPEAL Obamacare!!!
This is our once in a generation chance to witness your actions. KY is watching Senator. Bevin has already proven himself!
It's about time! We need to make higher tax brackets and close the loopholes. Get rid of the SS max that makes it a regressive tax.
I'm sick of paying for the rich to play. Why don't u guys start with trade? Not something big money wants? #votethemout
Not if you're the one doing the rethinking...Every policy you craft is divisive, partisan, and only benefit Corporations like Blackstone

Why r we waiting. Cancel ur damn vacation and get the job done. Congress needs to start supporting our President!
Leading us down the path of failure once again.
Clearly, you & Ryan have lost the public's confidence and trust to do the right thing. Swamp leader, not senate majority leader.
...And btw, when Trump tweets, he usually backs it all up with action. He's doing his part, do yours! If you fail Americans again, resign.
Some items don't need to be rethought like deductions for medical and property tax. These last 2 yrs of individual tax rates are killing us
Too many GOP have too many exploitable encumbrances. I doubt anything worthwhile or that Dems can't simply break will ever be accomplished.
Not just fundamentally rethink it, but to change it. Problem-the ever growing extinct Rhinos seem to be allergic to change & ignore voters!
And you have been there for all off them so why now?
You said the same thing about health care, and nothing of value happened.  Should we the people expect the same outcome with tax reform?
How about you fundamentally rethink Obamacare. Give us the LIBERTY and FREEDOM to choose our own healthcare. #SWAMPMASTER McConnell
Time to stop elected Congress' abuse of power 2 promote/protect their personal gain, against Constitution! Congress not working 4 Americans!
Ya think thats why we voted for Republicans?
Yes I agree. Lower Taxes for us rich people, higher for he workers. They can not afford to fly 1st class anyhow, so they dont need that much
We need to raise taxes on #Oligarchs and fund an infrastructure renovation, that will spur the economy.
#SelfServatives
#Corrupt
#Resist
Tax reform does not equal tax cuts. Stop trying to cater to the rich at the expense of the rest of us.
Sen McConnell, "rethinking" tax reform is not sufficient.
#TaxReform
30 years with no tax reform? Bullshit. You mean 30 years without tax cuts for the wealthy. Your days in that office are numbered. 2018
MAGA
DON'T RETHINK IT REDO IT!
But instead of "fundamentally rethink", you're going to lead the Senate to tweak a couple tax rates and enlarge a few exemptions. #FairTax
Let's hope it's not another health care repeal debacle
Let me guess... Tax breaks for the rich...
One and done!
Let's rethink having you as a Senator.

Grow back the goatee and run your #KFC right.

ARE YOU #LIBERAL?

Take test!
I won't hold my breath.
Get it DONE Sir! Americans r totally sick of politicians and their lies!
Rs should at least attempt to work with Ds to reform tax code. Partison politics is destroying the country.
Now make it happen! Get John McCain in check! You both need to earn your money! Or are you going on break?
Do your job and get something done for our president and the American people
#DitchMitch
Time you and all Senate support the President Trump Agenda that he won the vote on.  Senate has been failing miserably including McCain.
NOT RETHINK, DO! Do your job & be strong doing it. What is wrong with u. Be frack n strong...Be a frack n leader, be stronger.
1.6billion of American tax money will be going to build #trumpwall. The middle class pays for wall the wealthy get the breaks. Thanks!
Taks social scurity out of the general fund and back in a lock box, that's the ppl's $, not yours. Tax the rich at the pre-Ronald Reagan %.
So will be holding off from letting Senate take 5wks off until Tax reform,Ocare repealed&replaced,2018 budget ready Sept 1st&infrastructure
Your generation is finished in politics.
You've been in office a long time. I think you've $ucked enough up. Get out!
The last tax reform collapsed the middle class. Give us our $ back...TAX THE RICH! Then, pass single payer HC. 
Be ethical!!!
Been over 24 hours since you mentioned repeal & replace. Finally realized you can't come up with anything better? Only took 7 years.
We want Obamacare repealed. There's a majority in the House and Senate. America wants Trump's agenda enacted.
Actually second-in-a generation for you if you voted on tax reform of 1986. (Sworn in 1/3/85) Please do your best work to get it right, sir.
ACTIONS not words will get our attention.
And you'll probably screw this one up too, just like our once in a lifetime chance to be rid of Ocare.
