Ya'll go ahead and pass that #Trumpcare just so you can give DJT a W. #TurnCongressBlue2018
Your constituents R either ignorant or are as narcissistic as U. You've not helped education in the least. U need to retire
You turtle faced hypocrite. Where's your outrage at @realDonaldTrump using executive orders instead of legislation. #DumpTeaOP
don't frgt bout the coal ash that can be dumped into rvrs & methane leaks frm wells on pub land thus wasting $ & hurting env't
Do you do anything but bash Obama?You sound just like drumpf.What the hell is wrong with you? Get busy w/ your "great plans!"
you voted for DeVoes you twit. This is how much you give a $hit about schools
Yeah, about your "turn our kids into idiots" GOP voucher plan? I'll just leave this here.
Do you actually believe this bullshit?  Do you think WE actually believe this bullshit?!?
The only thing the GOP knows about high standards is how to obstruct them.
you're a fucking nuts old racist who looks like gary oldman in Hannibal
Don't you mean...
CRAP?
@SpeakerRyan 
Nice job raising my rates so I can't afford health ins.
Greedy bastiges
#resist
riiigght
In 2020; your age, votes, or your own healthcare plan killing you; either way, you need to go! We can MAGA if you leave!
Public schools are accountable to federal and state mandates. Charters, private, and cyber schools are not.
By putting DeVos in charge? Are you one of those opiate abusers in Washington that we keep hearing about?
Republicans NEED Americans to remain ignorant! So, DeVos was appointed to DUMB DOWN generations of school children
The dumbing down of America. Go away old man.

Now if we could just find a picture of him eating turtle soup! We'd know he feeds off his very own family, too.


By putting Ancient Bronze Age texts in schools to be taught as fact ?

you are going to destroy education in the country. Learned in school the best way to control the masses is keep them ignorant.
Yeah beating epileptic children because they have a seizure which YOU call "acting out".
The high standards of states like Kentucky? Okie-dokie.
you're kidding right? You men will destroy everything sacred to survival.
how does it feel to screw innocent children? I'll be smiling when u get yours
What have you been smoking?  Wipe that awful smile off your face.....We The People have eyes on your self interests.
repeal obamacare now keep your promises to us we need you now to step up and be an American not a politician
You know as much about high standards as Betsy DeVos knows about education.
unqualified to be a dog walker 
Under devos, our kids will be so dumb, they won't know that mcconnell-care is a stupid plan!
for your evrn more overreaching. Your toast
All U repugs hate the poor. Don't U think maybe bc U made them that way? Middle class has 2 bear tax burdens 4 all the elitist billionaires
Oh yes. U & ur pals are ruining public education. Betsy hates public schools. High standards? Not from GOP! Collapse coming!
TRUMPNOCARE = DEATH PANELS  #GOPMURDERS
You make me sick. Physically. sick. High standards? By whose measure?
IF NO ONE IS WATCHING, HOW WILL WE KNOW IF YOUR SO-CALLED "HIGH" STANDARDS WORK FOR OUR CHILDREN?????
Speaking of overreach, wasn't @POTUS saying something about grabbing women's genitals?
The only thing over reaching is you
wealthcare trumpcare is indirect genocide
shoving big spending bills down our throats . Bills you drew up in secret
McConnel is the Grim Reaper of the middle class.
too bad we can't hold the @GOP  to a high standard.  We are all screwed.
Please resign. You're the 2nd most disingenuous politician in DC after DONNIE DARKO.
Treason or mere incompetence?

http://crooksandliars.com/2016/12/mitch-mcconnell-squelched-disclosure …
quick expand it and penalties
Keep them dumbs they'll always vote GOP, right, Turtle?  Trump+Russia-deal with it, Turtle! Save our country; don't destroy it
we're watching you very closely. You will be held accountable for your actions.  Can't wait to wipe that smirk off your face.
how can you pretend to know what 'high standards' are when you're a benchmark stick lying on the ground ?  Repugnant #PERIOD
So you want to move past somebody's "overreaching regulation" by...enforcing standards? Do you listen to yourself? Ever?
Do you even care that no one wants your plans??? Any of them??
Trans rights are human rights.
It's a scam to screw low income kids and fatten your pockets. You don't get much lower than hurting kids for money.
@hughhewitt Oh yeah, THAT OBAMA ADMINISTRATION was ALL ABOUT inhibiting EDUCATION, huh? Such BS!
umm...you do know who you passed for Sec. of Ed., right?  Standards are going to drop drastically.
Seriously???   I taught public school for 37 years and we held our students to unbelievably high standards. Sad!!
After you voted for DeVos, I don't want to hear anything from you about "our schools".
: #Senate #Obama: In the Energy & Commerce Committee, A bill of health for care, caring, & caring [[_]] @AmerMedicalAssn #UNSC
With a gun in case there are bears.
As usual you are a liar like Trump, Bush era regulations and with DeVos, she doesn't believe in equal regulations for Charters
@hughhewitt Thanks Mitch. Now, can you provide your leadership towards clearing up this little Russian thingy? Maybe?
KY, the poster child for the ACA, 200% of uninsured covered, 500,000. Now you Mitch are putting them in the streets to die!
Yes Ms DeVos is doing a good job keeping the Grizzlies out of school.
@McConnellPress Mitch Ryan bill is not what we voted  for
You do mean To ensure our schools are NOT held to any standards. That's okay we are accustomed to interpreting your lies.
shame on  you- taxpayers PAY YOUR healthcare. If u repeal tanning tax 600 million dollars in debt but give tanners a tax break
IF only that were true but no it doesn't. @hughhewitt
yeah, by getting rid of history per Devos.
@McConnellPress You know what politicians suck at?

Knowing how to educate our kids.

Stay the hell out of my school.
be specific. What over reach regs are you talking about. So sick of your general blanketing cheerleading. State the facts
@McConnellPress   I guess if you want to hold schools to high standards you shouldn't have approved Betsy DeVos ' appointment
Funny how quick politicians are to throw teachers under the bus. Do your own job and Let them do theirs!!!
and they will get their asses handed to them in 18
@hughhewitt hey Mitch--please just retire. You are out of touch with TODAY. Btw, so is DeVos. She will b a monumental failure.
you grieve the Lord Jesus with your lies
you old drag queen, time for you to come out of the closest and retire
The #SenateGOP needs to actually do the right thing for once in their lives!
How you ask?  Two words.  Just two words.
Magic.  
Beans.
Mitch be sure to add mandatory E-Verify in the CRA legislation!  It's time companies stop hiring illegals!
Tweek healthcare & get rid of "Obama" care Repeal & relace! Listen 2 Paul
speaking of overreaching, ur @POTUS is becoming a literal PIMP in china! Conservative my ass!

your use Obama's name to promote hate. Shows your heart is dark and ugly!
: you said: Things happen in  political center. If the President will meet us in the center, there are things we can accomplish
You can stop now Mitch...your wife got her job.
WHY DO U HATE OBAMA SO MUCH...WHAT HAS HE DONE TO U PERSONALLY .. U R PROTECTING A VERY UNBALANCED MAN..
TRUMP.. SHAMEFUL!!
What is CRA?
overreach by Obama? Hold on I can't catch my breath
YAY!!! When are we including the "slaves as immigrants" and "HBCUs as school choice" in the curriculum?
Do you even know graduation statistics?

Despite the labor market being out of reach of simple high school graduates
Quit with Obama bashing BS Start to get something constructive done instead
How does it feel to be the most hated man in America,  after @realDonaldTrump @PRyan @SpeakerRyan you #unAmericanPOS
@McConnellPress yeah, maybe hillbillies in Kentucky can finally figure out why you're their Senator
get in your rocking chair and rock your senility away
you really don't know do you? U are just regurgitating the talking point brief in front of you again #notmyrepublicanparty
Who's high standards?  Want to look at Denmark? Sweden? Germany?
Just Watching the way the Congress works you guy's should be ashamed of yourselves. Know wonder
please how can you do that, if the education head is a big ignorant! Ridiculous!
do you listen or feel any sense of accountability to your constituents?  #mitchhasprivilegedinsurance. #0accountability 
Do u even know what you're talking about? You're so out of touch. KENTUCKY DO UR JOB! Get rid of this profiteering hypocrite.
Your paper lacks substance and evidence. Please make the proper corrections and return for credit. Thanks -Your Teacher
you are delusional

@gop have so much #Obama envy it's ridiculous. Move forward & stop living in the past.  Do something about @realDonaldTrump
You're not fooling anyone. The GOP is doing all it can to create a modern feudal state with the rich at the top. Shame!
and my family comes from Kentucky so I can say that.
by ruining government agencies? How is undermining the DOE ensuring high standards? Guess that makes since in Kentucky.
Mitch your racism is showing through again.
Good thing your party likes the poorly educated.
You are joking, right? I sure hope so, Bozo!
this is nothing more then malice .. your place in history will be very bad
private schools for the rich and the white, public for everyone else
are you kidding? You don't have kids in public school.  Don't interfere with your joke of a Sec of Ed
You will FAIL!
Aren't you supposed to be investigating something?
No thanks to your bill things will get worse than they already are for majority USA kids
by taking away their funding and giving it to the private sector. Yep, that'll help.
didnt congress(you too) & president Obama just pass the ESSA act? But    Obama? Your lies & half/twisted truths r appalling
have you even read the standards? Trusting states maintain high standards is laughable
You just want to keep people dumb so they will keep voting for the likes of you!
YEAH, by abolishing the "No Kid Hungry Act" ... good job Ahole!
hahahaha why not tell the truth? You want to segregate schools again. It's the evangelical agenda and you are racist.
RyanCare 0.5 poor replacement with deeply flawed foundation.Why throw baby out with bathwater? Build on ACA or give universal.
By high standards you mean no standards.
most hated senator. U work 4 big business...obstructionist
You have no business talking about high standards. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
Koch Bro BIG $$$$$
"And crushing student debt."
Quick question Mitch. Where does your state rank in education? Follow up question. Do you think creationism should be taught?
Makes ABSOLUTELY 0 sense If you are removing regulation, what mechanism are you using to uphold high standards
no regulations doesn't mean high standards, it actually means zero standards.
@PattyMurray @MariaCantwell Not as long as Devos is there! 
@McConnellPress concentrate on your boss and Russia. We want President Obama back instead of that lunatic. Vote you out
Speaking of schools -- what did YOU do to protect the children of @sandyhook? Oh. Nothing. That's right.
8 yrs and this crap no leadership here
the only thing you are worried about is cutting funding for schools and putting it towards our military
You mean discriminating against Americans?High standards, really?You elected a sexual predator wroking with Putin.No standards
.@SenateMajLdr with @BetsyDeVosED in charge, there will be NO standards.
Quit berating Obama, and see if you can come up with one bill that actually is intended to help Americans and not fat cats.
@GOP They haven't done a positive thing for America.  They've just gotten better at phuking us.
How can anyone take the GOP seriously. They have sold out the working class for decades.
You're just awful
Leave our schools alone - do you guys have to destroy everything in your path?
nothing but @GOP propaganda and BS. You should be investigating #Trumprussia #DoYourJob
Oh yeah, our schools are being dissolved. How do u live with yourself?  I once thought u were half way intelligent.  No more.
who writes this stuff?  Your actions speak so much louder than your words.  Yay for the 1%.  U shall reap what you have sown.
