another BS lie you're probably talking about George Washington and no one is putting their hand in my pocket, #Unrustworthy
how about taking NRA money out of your pocket and you doing your job for a change.
Says Washington to its wealthy campaign donors.
As of 2016. List of McConnell's biggest donors http://courier-journal.com/story/news/pol …
More money out of our pocket and into the 1%. Simple. #taxreform
Breaking news Mitch-- yours means yours and your mega rich donors-- not mine.  Seriously-- lol

Trump and Republicans want a big tax cut for the wealthy, claiming the gains will trickle down to the middle-class. Don't fall for it. 
Even if I'm not a millionaire? Not likely.
#PathologicalLiar Just plain lies. #FactFreeGOP continue with #GOPLies to fool public. Plan is a tax increase for all but the rich.
The only way money is coming out of Washington's pockets is to throw out the lobbyists. I think we all know how that's not going to happen.
No, you think Americans are gullible enough to buy that BS  w/ trump chosen by the electoral college.Not happening.
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
rob from the poor give to the rich, I thought you were against the redistribution of wealth, One way #GOP
http://You.Lie.You .Are.A.Liar. We the People don't need tax cuts for billionaires and corporations. 
I have a bad feeling that they are onto you. Not quite as many fish swallowing the hook at present. Perhaps more enticing bait?
Sounds great
You're full of it- tax breaks for the wealthy
??? In lying about your nationality??  In the pockets of planned parenthood???   Don't leave us hanging #Fakeahontos where?
A swamp leader claiming to drain the swamp? Step aside McConnell, we need new leadership in the Senate.
Another #GOP lie.Shame on you, Mitch. You lie almost as much as Trump.
#RepealtheDickeyAmendment Grow a pair and stand up to the NRA
This is no time to talk taxes with 59 DEAD Americans in LV morgue. We MUST talk #GunControl FIRST. Business as usual: DISRESPECTS DECEASED.
#GunControl isn't the answer. Sorry but you will never get the guns out of the criminals hands by taking all our guns away! Never!
Maybe so. But you know that gun control is a prelude to gun removal. I agree with not allowing Bump Stalks, and better background checks.
Viejo pendejo
More money in your rich buddies pockets.
Yet somehow, the rich get richer.
It really isn't, though, is it?
We don't need anything more simple than the 1040EZ. What we do need is for you to quit taking money from the NRA. Your hands are bloody
At least the top 1%. Experts already agree this plan will end up costing the middle class.
What comes out of your mouth & what U end up doing 2us R 2 different things!

Idol flying darkness
Raise tax China  helping hurricane
Yes it is get it done and the guy in California and Ny in million dollar homes can pay it or move. If this fails your party fails 50 votes
Liar.  The only people that get more are wealthy and NOT CREATING JOBS now.
When you say "YOURS" you mean lobbies, I understand.
Your tax plan guarantees a tax increase to the mid to upper middle class, huge tax cuts to the rich. You're helping Who? Can't spin this.
It's pretty simple when it comes to gun reform, human rights, gender pay, etc etc etc and we see where you are on most of that...sooo.....
The rich get richer and the poor get screwed over more? 
Please stop telling that Lie!
"And by 'yours' we are talking about the rich people"
YOU ARE LIARS! You want to take money from the middle class and give it to the wealthy and cut Medicare.
Sure. 
It's pretty simple...all you do is lie.
Oh my God are you funny ! LMAO
Translation: We want to take more money out of your pocket and give it to corporations and the 1%.
Get TRUMP'S Tax Returns! Then we can talk about tax reforms.

@alfranken @amyklobuchar @RepTomEmmer
What's simple is that you want to tax the middle class MORE, and tax yourself & your billionaire friends LESS. So we lose again, Turtle-boy.
My pocket?  I do not think my income qualifies for your rich, elite tax cut.

It is pretty simple @GOP dusts off old Bush W lies & then cuts taxes for their wealthy owners! You lie like a trump!
#GOP #liestoldontwitter
This must be directed to the wealthy.
NOT WHEN CUTS ALL GO TO THE RICH SLASHING MONEY FOR CHIP FOR KIDS,SOCIAL SECURITY,MEDICARE,MEDICAID!
Well get off your ass, shut up, and get it done!!!
Yo Swamp Dweller :  It's not your money.  Its our money.  Spend less.  Much Less.
Yes, simply, as per how you see it. Cut taxes for the rich & businesses - screw everyone else.
Merrick Garland

hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Admit, you hate us.
MR. LEADER, I GUESS YOU DON'T WANT A MILITARY BUILD-UP AND A NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE REHAB & REBUILD THEN?  YOUR RATIONALE IS CONVOLUTED!
Absolutely ZERO people believe your bullshit, Mitch/GOP.
The debt and deficit are too complicated to bother with, I guess.
"Yours" ?? Was this suppose to be a DM to your donors? Let me help @Wallmart @kochie_online @CKinstitute  @SAdelson
You're lying.
#loveletterstotherich
You said that about healthcare?! Do something
It's pretty simple when it comes to GOP tax reform: GIVE TO RICH WHITE 1%-er's AND MAKE LOWER AND MIDDLE CLASS FOOT THE BILL
Liar liar pants on fire 
Liar
You don't believe this in the slightest...
You're not going to get it done this year. You can get guns off our streets sooner, stop taking bribe money to let people kill each other.
That is funny because every analysis shows costs rising on lower and middle class but "YUGE" breaks for you, your colleagues and your president.
Do you think people are so uninformed they believe you? Every tweet of yours is loaded full of corruption. #liars #greed

Today is #October5; 4 days since #massshooting killed 59 and injured 500+.  #Mitch what are you doing to make #USA safer?  #NRA #LasVegas
Is NOW the time to start talking about sensible gun control measures?
Explicitly define "yours"
Just do it stop talking about it, the Dems are worthless when will you realize this
And how much is the reduction in funding going to cost us
*Yours= the already filthy rich people who don't need it & end up giving it back to you. Where are the DETAILS so we can prove u r a liar? 
very simple you want to give the super wealthy and yourself a HUGE tax cut!!!!!!
Why should Washington DC get any? Let the States support the Federal Government and the local Citizens can figure out how to fund the State.
You mean "put more in yours*" any educated person has read it. You may fool your uneducated base, but not all Americans are cult followers
liar

You lie 
Lier
Republicans redistribution of wealth has hurt this nation. Stop the deceit.
 Your agenda is bad for our future
 Rinse & repeat #emptyGOPpromises
SURE U DO!
The GOP is toast comes 2018!
Here we go again talk Talk Talk Talk!
That would be hilarious if it didn’t show a complete lack of sense.
That's such a lie.. since when does the HOP want to take money OUT OF Washington? That's laughable
What are you waiting for? DO IT!
You sir are a fucking liar. The "tax plan" redistributes from all of the poor and most mid class into the pockets of billionaires.
And A LOT More If Your Wealthy
It should be simple. @POTUS should fire IRS Chief Koskinen first. Then ALL those making less than $300k should get tax cut.
STOP ROBBING THE TILL, GOP DO THE WORLD A FAVOR. http://pjunkie1.blogspot.com 


Is your lofty perch so high you do not see the pain and anguish in your own streets? Does your greed have such a hold on you?
lie lie lie lie lie lie
How is meaningful tax reform going to be simple?  Americans are NOT morons as the GOP would like them to be.
@McConnellPress Top 1% don't need a tax cut.  Come on now,  get real turtle!
Does it means that Senators and Congressman salaries will be set at a minimum and capped at a maximum amount?
you mean more money for the wealthy
@GOP We're just cattle to you, aren't we? Lead us to the slaughter, because lining your pockets is more important than our lives.
Aha, whoever has the most money will receive the most benefits.
And Trump says tax proposal won’t benefit him. HA !
I'd like to think you're just out of touch. But your history belies your intentions as insidious and self-serving.
More money if you are a rich guy. Pennies for the chumps.
You want to take benefits from the middle class and give #oligarchs tax cuts.
#MinistryOfTruth
#SelfServatives
#BananaRepublicans
#Resist
Bullshit slogan.  Should be, "We want to give the rich another tax break so they can contribute to my election campaign."
Liar liar pants on fire  how does your garden grow?
BS!
Excellent ---Health Care
But do you mean it - you guys didn’t mean Repeal and we will payback in midterms
What good is tax reform if you don't control spending we need a balanced budget amendment you have proven you can't balance a check book sir
It is pretty simple
GOP is out to screw America out of TRILLIONS & Just add it to the debt. It's ok if rich white guys get the $$$. GOP sux
You are the man
Not until we see the details asshole!
Liar. ‘Nough said.
2.5million in Russia money for you, yet you tried robbing citizens their healthcare so now you’re going at reducing taxes to the rich. Evil.
As long as you’re super rich. Right Mitch?
Ya right.   Why so much for the wealthy.
Righhhht.
How about 1) full business deductions for educators. Current max decision $250. 2) full tax section on student loan interest.
Trickle down does not work

Bawhaha! Oh, you were serious about more money in our pockets?? Hahaha, LMAO!
Lies resign please
It's pretty simple, say NO TO THE @NRA.
A robust economy needs robust biz climate - stimulate private job and investment producers, don't pander to libs as tax cuts to lower classes produces nothing. Jobs!
Liar! Liar! Liar!
Of course they would have to clock out for breaks, meet quota, & pass quality control to earn their $7.25 per hour tax break
That doesn't justify your means.  Making the rich richer on the backs of the rest.  Trickle down economics is voodoo.  Never works.
Just imagine the Koch brothers could wash donated clothes for the salvation army & earn a $7.25 tax break per hour of service
This way the callous haughty greedy gluttonous are allowed a chance to mingle with less fortunate & lower their taxes by $7.25 per hour
Oh Mitch. Who makes these graphics for you?
How about giving wealthy people an incentive by basing tax cuts on community service- say for ever 40hrs of com serv we allow $290 tax cut?
And by that you mean yours. And the NRAs. Because one things for sure you don't give a crap about people
not really, when more goes to wealthy
You mean take more services from the people and give more monery to the rich
I'm with you @SenateMajLdr and @realDonaldTrump . I'm supporting your #TaxReform package. Thank you for looking out for the middle class!
Pity that poster is only meant for billionaires. 

Kills me how the GOP underestimate the middle class who do the real work around here.
THEN WHY ARE U FIGHTING @realDonaldTrump MITCH? UR STALLING 290+ HOUSE BILLS & NIXING H/C BILL, ADDING NOTHING BUT BIG GOVT.GO HOME, JERK MM
@POTUS is taking money from taxpayers to pay for his excessive golf outings at his resorts. Don't talk about tax reform helping Americans
It s very simple, he s full of
No, it's not simple: your current plan RAISES many middle-class taxes.
Let's start with cutting your salary turtleface Mitch. You don't represent us.
It is pretty simple to be prolife. Ban bump fire stocks, bullet cartridges that hold more than 12 bullets. A license and test needed drive
Pretty simple when it comes to #guncontol
                                       
Wow! We can finally agree on something Turtle Mcturtle.  It is pretty simple. Tax reform means more money for the already rich. HELL NO!!!
Don't make laugh
Yea, tax breaks for the wealthy.
I see u brainiacs have decided to sell this drivel by touting simplicity. U r not fit to sell used cars! #taxthericj #goHomeMitch #GOPlies
Liar! You care nothing 4 the average American. All u do creates pain & hardship. Your words r hollow. Yr deeds are cruel. #go HomeMitch
Coming from a #simpleton, that’s about right.
...with the aging population and the government debt equivalent to 106.1 % of GDP. What are you trying to stick to your kids and grand kids?
Just what do you think you're doing with your tax thing here. You know the federal government is going to need more money than ever before..
Seems you made a typo there, you meant, "take money out of your pocket and give it to the extremely rich."
Bullshit. Then cut your pay!
Poor guy, desperately trying to pass any legislation.
well good. so no reason not to get it done!
You got that almost right @SenateMajLdr  You want to give us crust crumbs while y'all get the whole pie.

Bullshit, Mitch.
That is such baloney. A third of the middle class will have taxes go up while Uber rich people save billions.
Now, why don't I believe you?
I’d actually prefer to have a functioning government than live in a country like Somalia: no #taxes, no #government

