Really Mitchy... Like how you try to silence @elizabethforma . Still she PERSISTED. You are the worst. King HYPOCRITE.
Hypocrite. No wonder your approval rating is c.21%.
Sen McConnell. It seems u are heartless and deceptive in your deeds. Just know u and the people u are responsible for will reap what U sow.
So you condemn the Islamophobia inherent to the #MarchAgainstSharia, or do you prefer pretty #GOP lies to protecting Muslim constituents?
We need open Senate debates on GOP health care bill. Senate Democrats have not seen anything so can't answer questions. You report to us.
How can this be legal.
@GOP maneuvered thru legal system to make this a 51 vote bill instead of 60. They're not legally req. to conduct hearings. Hugely unethical!
Ethics doesn't seem to concern the @GOP
No pardon if found guilty for the POTUS any cabinet official or any other co-conspirator.
Mitch I would advice you to get your Healthcare Bill voted on or you are going to have some problems with elections!
Then you should object to crazy Trump's attack on the press, shades of Hitler and physical attack on reporters.  No. You put him Congress.
You care about democracy?!
So is our 2nd Amend! W/O we can't defend the other rights! You need to shut down the treasonous Dems when they demand gun control measures!
Mitch is pro democracy, too! And Nazis were bad!

Correct. We will speak up against you and your treason against this country.
What do you know about "faith", sir? Legislating in secret to fill your pockets while hurting sick/elderly/poor/vets, is not "faith".
So is passing a bill for tax reform and O'care R&R. Get it done THIS YEAR, or become minority party AGAIN.
You only want the 1st amendment for you and your #complicit party. When it comes to those who protest you, you ignore or belittle them. #Sad
we are a republic not a Democracy!
So is the amendment about being a traitor but it didn't stop you.
Heading up the den of thieves with a puffy smile
Why don't you honor our party and get something done... We are pathetic
Tell that to Facebook, Twitter, & Conservative internet sites that routinely censor blogs by Americans who are critical of bad politicians!
Supporting and pushing and passing the presidents agenda is your obligation Senator. Obliging the MAN who gave two majorities and national.
First # 1 in that order. Respected and not abused.
Hahaha funny how you want to say this when you defend the shit storm that is being brought down upon this country. Hypocrite.
Let's talk about healthcare and how we want what you have. You have the best healthcare available and you want to take ours away.Disgraceful
Then you agree @realDonaldTrump blocking others on social media is a 1st amendment violation.
First Amendment does not include allowing a majority to oppress a minority based on the majorities religious beliefs
Quick question, Mr. Mcconnell, Why is is what the founding fathers said is so important to hold true EXCEPT separation of church & state?
You are right.....so why are you so opposed to it?
So is separation from church and state.
Let's all stand with our President. Why let the left intimidate and abuse our rights?
So is a backbone
Merrick Garland
To bad you don't know what it is.
Why are you denying debate and amendments on health care
How ironic that you shut up @SenWarren then? #NeverthelessShePersisted

Don't act like anything America was founded on matters to you when you're literally going around changing laws just to pass harmful bills!!!
Agreed. But we want to know the details about the healthcare bill you are secretly crafting.
You cannot behave as you have and do in office and assume to lecture anyone on the Constitution, Mr. McConnell. Read the Preamble. Resign.
So is the separation of church and state. #lasttermmitch
But what about lying, willfully misleading? At what point do we prosecute the media for shoddy work if nothing else?
Need to nail Lynch HRC and Clinton Foundation next.
Will you remember that when people speak up about you when they realize who you are really ?
Tell that to #CNN
Trying to fast track a health vote without hearings, CBO score, or citizen-stakeholder input? Are you out of your mind? #resisttrumpcare
You're like the Devil telling people it's bad to hurt others while beating others w/a whip. Your constituents are blind
Hello Senator McConnell, 
How RU awake this late? A full day of rape n pilfering th poorest. 
U MUST B XHAUSTD.
PLS REMEMBR,  U COULD RESIGN
@SenateMajLdr @POTUS better bring Trump up to speed on that! Ask him about our constitution! I'm sure he will Tweet something brilliant!
OMG. I agree with u. This must be a trick because King Trump would like to regulate it.
That's rich coming from you.
How would you know constitution breaker?
Then why does our current president have so much to stay in and out word hatred of the press?
Better remember that part about the government not endorsing a religion.
Do you understand the First Amendment, sirrah? It protects us from the federal government -- you know, disgraces such as yourself.
You have deflied the constitution
But only if you can use it & not allow others to. The hypocrisy is just staggering. All religions need freedom to worship. Poor Christians!
Yes, and it says we have separation of church and state, so stop pushing your religious views into law.
And any fool can see the graft and pay backs to the GOP so deny or change
Yes, the Rich get huge cuts and that includes members of the GOP (like Cruz with 2 million take on selling out to fossil fuel)
Uh-huh...sure. How's your wife's new job? #quidproquo
IF you really believe that the. STOP SPITTING ON THE CONSTITUTION
You sir are the start of Trumps brand of communism. Or prove otherwise.who gets the payout for the loss of healthcare,
Trump is replacing democracy with his brand of communist activity and you are part of the complicity. Hiding deals from the American people
You are replacing freedom with Trumps tyranny, all the GOP replacing the environment protection, removing healthcare, removing speech
A person needs to be blind not to see what is happening Trumps people replacing all in charge of high positions, no check and balance.
There is no real legal system anymore, they are dismantling the United States government for their greed
A honest government without a GOP bought and paid is probably as important
It is. Remind those #faithandfreedomcoalition people about that. They seek to stifle all those who do not agree with them.
The GOP left democracy behind and made a communist party of themselves
What are you hiding and how much damage to the people I feel like I live in Russia already with you lying GOP
You are unethical!
I'm glad you believe God will judge you. Have fun burning in Hell. I'll grab the marshmallows 
Yes but religion is not part of the constitution so keep that crap out of it.
Since when do you care about our democracy.  You should retire.
Want to explain this mitch you better run ....FBI Notified After Sen. McConnell Exposed In $2.5M Money Funnel Connected To Putin-uncovered .
@realDonaldTrump & @GOP are about destroying speech/thought that doesn't align w/their mindset to destroy all except the 1% #Liars
what year is it?  Oh yeah the year of our Lord, tell me again how 2000 years of calendaring based on Christianity makes us persecuted?
REALLY THEN WHY DON'T YOU TELL THE PRESIDENT AND SESSIONS THAT?
No question about it.  Pity most courts in the U.S. don't necessarily agree with you.
Tell that to friggin trump
So is the 25th Amendment. So lets get on with it.
Why does @realDonaldTrump want to take it away from us then? Love Jasper #notfoolinganyfish #refishtance #makeamericaswimagain
If you are for open debate why is health car reform being discussed behind closed doors? #leadershiphypocracy
You do understand that the first amendment was written by men who were terrified of the impact of religion on gov. not vice versa, right?
Your pants are on fire again!
Resign. #GOPobstruction
Oh, pleeaase.
Is that why and others in your party shut down Dem senators when u don't like what they are saying in a hearing?  Hypocrisy at its finest.
If you truly believe that, then why are you trying to hard to keep people from these freedoms by suppressing the vote?  #hypocrite
I thoughtTrump threw the constitutiin out. Just like he's thrown democracy out the window.
Your job is to listen to the voice of America.  Stop backdoor deals that hurt poor people. No to #CHOICEAct
if Dems try to shutdown the gov, then Mitch should go nuclear to pass all legation w/ no holds or delays. this will force the Dems to work..
PLZ get to work and blow out the inertia in the Senate. Act  for the American people or resign.
Agreed. The rest of the Constitution is pretty important too. Do your job.
them please ask the orange one to stop disparaging the press
Don't forget 1st Amendment includes no national religion while protecting journalists and muslims which potus needs to learn.
And Trumps appts are necessary to drain the swamp. Unless you are part of it. 2018 !!!!
Please pass a health care that gov does not control family. Doctor orientayed I pay what  I want premiums low now you guys forget
Many Americans in debt pay check to pay check
Democrats want democracy to fail. They only want criminals, deviants, noncontributors, & those sworn to destroy our country to have a voice
Which is why we should absolutely separate church doctrines from government. Our citizens deserve a more stable foundation than fairy tales.
Quick, go tell your "precedent." He isn't a YUGE believer in freedom of the press. #hypocrite #hypocrisy #DoYouEvenHearYourself?
So why are you destroying it?
So is trust and I don't trust one thing about you
You campaigning now? lol Glad you have that belief.
Christians have been duped by both parties but especially the Republican party.  The Church has been harmed and the cause of Christ demeaned
Is this a hate group?
Any hearings or debate on the health care bill?  Will it be a midnight vote?
History will remember U as fully complicit in the corruption and dishonesty that wounded, or killed, what the Founders began
You're not really one to be lecturing on following the constitution.
That should apply 2 everyone! How does ostracizing an entire religion equal freedom for everyone? U mean freedom to agree with conservatives
You would do well to remember that!!!!!!!
You're right about that hardcore Mitch
If the 1st amendment is important, why is  comrade trump trying to find out how to dismantle it?
Including this amendment of freedom of the press
Here ya go..SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE!! Keep religion out of our government.
So are these:
No Obama-Care Repeal!
No Balanced Budget!
No Border Wall!
No Tax Reform!
No Republicans in 2018!
Get It Done!
@realdonaldtrump attacks the First Amendment EVERY SINGLE DAY by discrediting free, peer-reviewed press. You need to call this behavior out!
Have you actually read the first amendment?
& if left up 2 GOP it would only apply 2 ppl who look like u
But there is no one else who looks like a turtle with a restraining order from the local elementary school.
Better tell that to Trump
Why you want to move forward when you sat on your ass 8 years until Russia help steal and interfered in our election ( Traitor to America ).
You are correct. And so I'm exercising my 1st amendment right .....you suck.
Yet the @POTUS attacks on free press continue unabated and you hide in your shell, Mitch.
Yes it is!!!
Only when it's in YOUR favor.
Please remind your boss.
Apologies shouldn't be enough for you to still seat this abusive candidate in Congress.

#NotTheEnemy
Jackass!
Only if used honorably! Not the way the GOP fascists want to use it!
Just do what you're were elected to do.   Move agenda or big changes coming.
Just trying to justify your lying, Turtle. #GOPlies #GOPcrimes
Дональд, возвращаюсь к матери России.  У нас ваши любимые продукты (KFC) и Fox Поцелуи, Влад.  PS. проститутки ждут, чтобы пописать на вас
Rich coming from a guy who supports a president who wants to open #libellaws and who regularly undermines trust in the #freepress.
Trust is earned.  Once lost by dishonesty and dishonor it's almost impossible to get back.  Press didn't lose trust, they gave it away.
They gave it away by reporting facts with sources corroborated by numerous other well established outlets with their own sources?
That's pretty funny coming from the Party of LIES and FAKE News!
And yet your #fuhrer is attacking a #FreePress daily.   And a member of #Congress in your party @GOP physically attacked a reporter.
So you will come out against the many protest restriction laws trying to get passed in GOP strongholds?
Come on Mitch...enough of the tweeting.  You're beginning to sound like Drumpf!
Hmmm. Sounds like you are trying to justify an assault on freedom of religion. Just a hunch.
You just don't happen to care for it
Well maybe you should tell that to the guy in the white house
Yes. Yes it is. But that's true even when people are saying things you don't agree with.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Not letting them in the country?
So then why do you persist in supporting a president that shits all over it, hmm?
#ROTFLMAO #Goon
Could you whisper that thought to @POTUS?
Thanks for vindicating Comey!
An election free from the interference of a foreign adversary is essential to our democracy. Sadly, you & the GOP let us down in 2016.
Got proof?  Any evidence?  Anything verifiable that can be corroborated?  Accusations without corroborated and verifiable evidence are lies.
What the shit? DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT. #TheResistance
