Will you discuss how proud you were to prevent Merrick Garland from being considered?
darkness looms
Thank you @SenateMajLdr for going nuclear!!!
Looking forward It McConnell receiving Karma.
Same here. Great things@will happen for him then based on karma 
You mean to discuss how the immature GOP cheated/changed the rules to get their way. What a vile way to do business!
You have no shame, and neither he.  You both know this is a corrupted process and a stolen seat!
We're Proud of you standing up to Dems & using nuclear option. It's a new world & DEMS have no scruples. Reps need to learn street fighting!
Dems no scruples??? . Wow.
--RIP GOP.
You & the @SenateGOP will rue the day you crossed this line. Your name will become a swear. #PityTheRepublic #NationOverParty
Cowards
@McConnellPress @hughhewitt Your nuclear option will go down in history as the day the Senate and Constitution died.
Pot (you) calls kettle (Dems) black! Shame on you!
You should be joining a team that evaluates whether you are a death eater or not. #deatheaterMcConnel
How exciting for you!  Be sure you 2 kids speak about your Judge Garland farce.
Thank you sen mcconnell please take care if pres.trump.!!!!! We will get you new blood
in senate next year.  Bill nelson gone
Nothing to discuss. Done listening to you. You lead your group wherever the hell you think it should go. The GOP is a gang and you a member.
Oh shut up! Sick of #diarrheamouth
You are a pathetic leader.  Vote all Republican deplorables out!!
2018 Mitch! Can't wait!!! GOP will be the minority again in the house and senate, mark my words. BIGLY MISTAKE
VOTE HIM OUT VOTE HIM OUT how can he have a job with 14% approval rating
I hope senate .house are writing bills to no spouses  of former pres to run for pres. And  back to our wh.!!!
obama likes power. 
Always party and the corp's that own you over country.  You're  a real patriot...like Benny Arnold.
I, and my wallet and my loud voice will be there in 2018 to watch you go home!!!!!
Choosing party over country.
What is there to discuss Addison you turned the @ussenate into the more expensive version of house to get through a pick
Hope you don't make it to morning.
If only the "good die young" then McConnell will live to be 500 - he is that evil.
YOU DID NOT REPRESENT THE PEOPLE AS WAS YOUR JOB TO DO.  YOU REPRESENTED YOURSELF.  YOU MUST GO.
great gorsuch can let some more truck drivers choose between freezing to death or their jobs.
Mitch, put on your big boy pants and assume responsibility for what you have wrought. A sad day for democracy.
YOU LOST THE POPULAR VOTE BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER SCALIA'S DEATH, YET YOU WEASELED YOUR CORPORATE JUSTICE IN WITH PAINSTAKING SUBVERSION.
#MerrickGarland#MerrickGarland#MerrickGarland#MerrickGarland#MerrickGarland#MerrickGarland#MerrickGarland #stolenseat #mitchlies
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/06/us/trump-russia-cia-john-brennan.html … Treason is #PartyBeforeCountry. HOW DARE YOU!
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/06/us/trump-russia-cia-john-brennan.html … Why would a treasonous GOP stands for Group of Putin supporters. #Shame #PartyBeforeCountry is treason.
You have single-handedly RUINED the Senate. You will go down in history as the OBSTRUCTIONIST of the Century resp for Senate's ruin
It's about time you did what you said you would and mustered up some courage after bending over for Obama for eight years. Good job!
Stolen seat bought and paid for #GorsuchNomination #NoGorsuch
On state run media?
What do your constituents have to say, Mitch?
RESIGN.
People can choose iphones or health insurance but @GOP has NO CHOICE but to cheat again & change the rules??
I wish I lived in Kentucky so I could vote against you in 2018.
Your 7 years of being obstructionist lead to this point. Plus Gorsuch is too far right & for companies to be on the court, but u won't admit
Party over country #partyovercountry #republicanscum #downwithconservatives #shame
SHAME IN YOU. Putting Russia's pick for Sup. Crt nominated by illigetimate pres. picked by Russia. NO SUPREME C. VOTE WITH ILLIGETIMATE TMP.
You and the rest of the gop are traitors, to you oath of office. When you die there will be a celebration. Everyone will cheer.

Yeah "discuss" it, sure.  We get the code word.
The south lost for a reason and you'll lose again… @SenateMajLdr
#FascismNeverEndsWellForTheFascists
You are the cause of all the govt. problems we're seeing NOW. U should be thrown out of office for sabotaging the years Obama was in office.
Will you be addressing his plagiarism? Don't forget.
You found your place in history,  the worst leader,  whose lack of integrity and concern for US  constitution burned himself and his party.
U mean discuss how u stole the seat of scotus! U chose party over country & u know it! YOU SUCK OUT LOUD!
That figures. Hugh Hewitt is just as repulsive as you. Do you still like boys? People in Ky say you like boys
Great job!  Get on with the people's work
What could possibly go wrong with a cruise missile attack against Bashar al-Assad? Perhaps you will instead enlighten us in that regard.
Excellent job senator. Amidst a sea of communist hate, the majority of this country thanks you.
Will you talk about the #StolenSeat from #Garland? #hypocrisy
Party over country. We will remember.
Give them time to draw you a picture send you home with some cue cards too. Well aren't you a happy camper
I'm reading all these critical post about McConnell. All words reveal anger. YOU BETTER GET OUT ON STREETS & PROTEST. THEN VOTE IN 2018!!!
I'll be anywhere else, you hypocrite
Time to retire!
You are useless.
Hugh, if you are really a serious journalists & true American, you WILL target the true consequence of this very unpopular decision.
u mean u r going to discuss how to further destroy this country ya that's what u r doing #vote2108 and u r out
You make Kentucky shameful.
We need to use this option every time ,we need it..Thank you Sir!
I can't even stand to drink Kentucky Bourbon any longer. I'm going Tequilas. You can drink Russian Vodka. Imported and free.
I'm so disgusted w you.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
I hope you'll better use your time discussing Syria and leave the Gorsuch fight for another day. Things change so fast
Hey McConnell did the press inform you about the strikes in #Syria ?? Because if he did not inform you are #DONE
Acutally, you won't be talking about that anymore
Shame on u & the GOP. Going nuclear for a bad nom by a historically unpopular POTUS under FBI investigation. History will not be kind to u.
Your legacy as an obstructionist and destroyer of the check and balances in our democracy is set in stone.
Thanks for the warning.
Get this done and get Gorsuch on the bench. Our President demands everyone to do their best. How can anyone not respect our President.
Stay strong, Senator!!!!
Be sure to bring some lettuce to snack upon Turtle Man! 
#turtle #turtleman #healthysnack
Congrats on your perm legacy of being unamerican anti democracy and total failure of a human being.
Who cares?
Thank you for leading the GOP forward again to destroying our democracy today. Again #failtogovern #cheater #Trumpsties #ignorerussia
Thank you @SenateMajLdr.
I dont have anything against Gorsuch but I find your hypocrisy appalling.
And also discussing your craven hypocrisy and how you destroyed the Senate?
DISGRACEFUL!!
Your party POTUS just got US in another war and all you can think about is gloating over destroying the Senate?
You're acting like Republicans will have the Senate majority forever. Your deplorable tactics are NOT going unnoticed and you'll regret them
@hughhewitt @JoeNBC @Lawrence @KeithOlbermann Well Leader I hope your also going to discuss Trump pending impeachment.
You and your cronies are making this world the least safe it has ever been!  Stop the madness!  Start Impeachment proceedings!
U have lost ur mind. U really hate this country & it shows. U need to move to Russia. U do not represent the majority just ur own interests.
You are an embarrassment to our state. You are corrupt. You orchestrated stealing a SCOTUS seat. How do you live w/ yourself?
You're a disappointment to this country
And the World.
Commit seppuku @SenateMajLdr and I might tune in. Get @hughhewitt to join you and I guarantee it. #scotus #Gorsuch
I'll be joining @hughhewitt tomorrow morning to discuss Judge #Gorsuch's nomination to #SCOTUS.
It is a shame that you didn't listen to the people's wish and you chgd the rules not the nominee.
Will you be discussing 23,000 miners to lose health care and pension? Keep the Promise! 24 days! Keep the Promise!
November 6th 2018: 33 senate seats will be up for reelection. If @SenateGOP won't listen to their constituents VOTE THEM ALL OUT! #RIPSenate
DISGRACE.
The BOGUS SCOTUS
SCREW U AND THE RED NECKS U RODE IN ON!
2018, Mitch. 2018.
can't wait.
Great job w/Gorsuch. Now continue the good work--stop wasting blood and treasure on warmongering & nation building.  Put America 1st
You are worse than T*ump
@SenMajLeader Am ple sent u to D.C. to do what is best for the country and its people. Nuclear option not best!
YOUR OBSTRUCTIONIST TACTICS WORKED! YOU STOLE A SCOTUS. LET'S SEE HOW THAT WORKS IN FUTURE.  REMEMBER WHEN THE SENATE WAS THE "UPPER HOUSE"
you should be ashamed impotent turtle
Please discuss optic neurosis. That's how you wiggled out of Vietnam.  We all know the other version of that story...   ring a ?
Great move! Should make a majority rule on everything. Get back to constitutional basics. Screw the 2/3 requirement. #MAGA
This is our country - "We the People" and we will not let you destroy it.  We are better than that.  You have sold out to Koch Bros. #2018
Thank you. Enough grandstanding. Lots of work to be done to turn our Gov around; eliminate corruption & #MAGA too!
If Judge Gorsuch is unable to become a SCJ the way our forefathers of OUR Constitution intended, isn't that just plain old cheating? 
Again the GOP changes forever the landscape of the Senate.  What happened to "Compromise" the heart of democracy? Is THIS making USA Great?!
senator McConnell does not start many fights but he sure does finish them.
You're a disgusting hypocrite & a stain on U.S. History. #theresistance #WeSeeYou #YouCantHide #VoteThemOut
Will you be discussing how the GOP have broken the senate and yet still feel victimized by it and blame Democrats, taking 0 responsibility?
keep daddy happy he might take your coal away

You even make John McCain look extremely Patriotic and wise.
Fully support the rules change to get Judge Gorsuch's nomination. Thank you!!
Only the GOP alone can pick and confirm a SC nominee. That is what has been decided today and last yr w/ Garland.
You really think you have strengthen our country? Mitch you have done this for yourself and cronies,on YOUR distortion of reality
Today you chose party over country and the people will NOT forget
Legacy: Majority Hypocrite & Senior Scoundrel. Fired the shot that brought down the good ole party.
Lying cheating thief!  #Trumprussia
What's there to discuss your party is full of people that doesn't care about the future just what you can get how quick
Who is your tatoo artist.
