So when are you changing to 51 so things can get done?
Be prepared to bring repeal vote back up as soon as McCain's replacement arrives.
I'm honestly embarrassed to have you representing my state
#Healthcare Freedom Act leaves consumers at the mercy of insurance companies. We'll be free to avoid healthcare treatment due 2 cost!
Flexibility to states... lies - States won't be able to afford it!
Easy: 1st make healthcare a human right, 2nd cut funding from the military industrial complex. See how easy that was?!
And, when you are, you're gonna wish like hell you had insurance, unless you're a millionaire. Even then U might B in trouble. #healthcare
Stop being so shady.  Americans do not want this.
Americans want O'CARE repealed!
Actually they don't. Majority of Americans want it fixed.
Majority of those paying or being fined, don't want it. The rest are on Medicaid and think they are going to lose it.
That's not true whatsoever.
3-now everyone is convinced their death is imminent without it and that's not true.
Taking away peoples insurance causes people to die
No one is taking it away.  You have to understand.  I'm not going to argue but I will explain.
OPEN MARKET ACROSS STATE LINES!! allow competition. I'm a NURSE not able to afford so called healthcare & certainly not O'careless care!!
You are breaking America, @SenateMajLdr.  You and Trump will be tied together, forever, on the darkest pages of history.
How do you get to lump Trump in with this!
Because it's touted as Trumpcare, he's the leader of the party, and he threw a goddamned kegger in the Rose Garden when the House passed it.
He wanted them to encourage them to complete the process. They failed! Legislators need to do their job!
He needs to do his job too. So far, nothing -- except chaos of his own making. 2017 @gop and trump will go down in history as a low point
Are you really aware of all the actions that have actually been performed? Or only what you see on the fake news? I doubt you could do beter
Please gather Repubs to repeal and replace HCA!  You were elected to do this!  Negotiate with the 3 dissenters!
It was your own flawed views that put you into this mess. You sabotaged the ACA and make up a lie to make you the hero. But facts will win.
No!
And removes millions from healthcare. You forgot that part.
It's access to insurance. And that leads to healthcare.
It's competition that lower prices. But of course  socialism ideologies don't understand that.
I don't want private interests with motives for profit running every aspect of healthcare. That raises costs too.
And it sweeps health care right from under the feet of millions of Americans.
History will remember you as an anti-democratic scoundrel who stole people's health care like a thief in the night.
No Scott, trouble is all McConnell is, he is a card carrying Democrat.
Uh.... what?!
Huh? lets cut education some more, it produces humerous dumbasses like this! #Annoyed
Annoyed <-- I am not part of this thread.  You are just engaged in spamming.
Whoever is carless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Bologna! It was a bad bill! Not good for the people you are supposed to represent. Did you forget that? Did you forget who pays you?
Support the President or u & rest of loser repubs r out!
#RetireMcConnell TIME FOR A FRESH START #StepDownMcConnell #WeWantCruz #CruzForMajorityLeader #MAGA #AmericaFirst @SenTedCruz 
202-224-3121
The core pillars of Obamacare have made life much better for my family. I don't want to go back to the "flexibility" we had before.
Do you pay for it or is it Medicaid?
I have fought ins for 25 yrs for cov for my daughter.  O'CARE made my life even more of a pure hell.
I don't care
LIAR!!!!!!!
Let all of congress and staff have Medicare instead of current subsidies.
Not happening Spineless Mitch.
Why can't you see that we don't want this?! What's wrong with U?! Are you crazy?! Cut it out, & do some real work ! That goes 4 U 2 #trump
Stop trying to pass crappy legislation so you can say you did "something" ... like kid who does fast, sloppy work on an essay in school.
...on the bus, copied from a friend. No personal experience on this, of course...
With all due respect, you need to retire. You are failing America, that includes republicans too.
Nah. He needs to retire. No respect given. He's a POS that is ruining lives.
It takes healthcare away from 16 million people! Do you call that freedom? I call that disgusting! People matter! Obviously not to you!
Thanks for ridiculous answer that is just a hashtag. If you find real words let me know.
This bill is evidence you don't care about Americans, it proves you care only about your political career. #KillTheBillDontKillUs
This is an embarrassment to America, the greatest country in the world.
Healthcare is a human right.
There is not a Senator in Congress that does not have health insurance, and now you rip it away from millions of Americans.
We won't stand down. We will keep fighting. We won't quit until you give up.
#IStandWithPP and with every American and every Woman who gets their healthcare from them.
It steals basic health care from millions of Americans and creates a caste system of poor people being unable to obtain medical treatment.
If #Obamacare is so bad, why isnt anyone holding rallies to #abolishit
don't give up on repeal.  #obamacarehurts
Stop lying that is not TRUE - STOP STOP STOP
U R a failure. If the Democrats were in the same position as republicans, I guarantee they would not have failed to repeal.
Flexibility to take poor folks healthcare and give it to RICH FUCKS as a tax break? WTF is wrong w U? You tried 5X to F us and failed QUIT!
Another bad idea bites the dust, but you keep on trying...
45 won't let healthcare go bc it's all about the money. Wants those tax cuts to the rich rolled back.  Stand up for the little American
How many health plans will you pull out of right field. FIX ACA!  Stop trying to please trump and start working for the American people .
And makes it so insurance is so expensive nobody can afford it
Wrong. You are all politics, all the time. Remember your obstructionist strategy. That's not patriotism or leadership. Unamerican

But does nothing to fix the problems in the marketplace
New flexibility? How can you even utter these lies? What kind of person steals healthcare from disabled and calls it flexibilities? Fraud!
"Byrd made clear if rules-change proposal were filibustered, He would invoke powers...to force a vote.  Byrd never had to carry out threat.
HCFA is neither healthcare or freedom.  It will hurt ppl.  Lv healthcare alone. Fix the ACA. Don't let ppl die while you tinker in the dark.
Stop It!
You NEED to Change the filibuster and make it a simple Majority, if NOT you NEED TO STEP DOWN!  WE WANT YOU OUT!!!!
All politicians get Obamacare!!
2Many Vacas 4Congress!
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan DON'T STOP Repeal/Replace #Obamacare #ACA!
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/891397134662193152 …
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance, they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. They are laughing at R's. MAKE CHANGE!
Still happy you supported @realDonaldTrump, you bozo?  Worst president ever
You seriously need to contemplate your true motives and what your purpose is for being in government.
80 times. Let that sink in. 80x you and your loser friends have tried to ram this thing down our throats w/o success. Give it up, buttercup.
Look up the definition of insurance.  It "spreads the risk" just like auto, life, homeowners. The base you're pandering to are idiots.
Stop wasting our time and money.  What about N Korea, Russian meddling, the idiot in the WH?  Infrastructure, budget, the idiot in the WH?
Why do you want to destroy #America? Does Russia have a peepee tape on you as well? #coward #liar #bigdonorrep #traitor
No, you #liar, there's no #Freedom in what you propose. Your plan boots millions off insurance & makes care unaffordable for the sick. #vile
You lost. Deal with  it!
BS your bill does nothing but empower the insurance companies
AFTER a crash & want insur co's to pay claim! Totally unworkable. Need univ HC that all pay into based on income.
Lack of universal mandate is not econom feasible. Can't let ppl wait INTIL they are sick to get insurance. Like letting drivers buy insur
Just let obamacare collapse and go back to state  government don't need to be Healthcare provider's
You are the core problem with America! Until you are in the grave with your other self indulging buddies America will only get worse.
How did that ACA repeal work out for ya, Mitch?
These are your constituents.  Hopefully, next time you run their dreams (and mine) will come true.
https://youtu.be/-4QfHdcMeEc 

You lost, Mitch.
McCain is a hero.  Go back to regular order.  You were played.  Open Government!!!!
It's CLEAR that this is NOT what the American people want. Why do you & @SpeakerRyan keep fighting for it? Help fix what's already there!
Demand All Congressmen & Senators have OBAMACARE. Demand it! Otherwise they will NEVER CARE about Americans! Republicans are SPINELESS!!
What is so damn hard,open markets,Medicaid back to states,no plan parent funding,pre existing clause! Also cut the fat out of Medicaid!
HUH!?
McCain made McConnell look like a Fool!
Lie
It raised rates, stopped coverage for pre-existing conditions in other words a complete abomination designed to hurt and kill Americans
Regards to the Kochs
You sir failed to lead. You should resign as majority leader.






Your horrible plan FAILED, your behind closed door plan backfired.  Time to RESIGN
Laughing my ass off ..you will be remembered as a total jerk
Stop ok. Just stop. You have shown you have zero concern about what average Americans need. Must be nice over there in obtuse town #jackass
Force McCain to resign due to his mental instability due to brain cancer.
Conservatives need to clean out the GOP of undermining libs. This is a disgrace, that all of us will end up paying for, one way or another.
Your politics are destroying this country. You need to find another line of work. You have no clue how to put country before party. Grow up!
Shut up McConnell. Give it up. Fix Obamacare with the democrats and move on.
Does it pay for all the funerals for the 16 million ppl youd be "helping" to die faster? #Annoyed
Are you sure you are a Republican?
FIFY→#FreedomFROMHealthcareAct #FridayFeeling #FF  #tcot #p2 #FreePalestine-ya-dumb-son-of-a-bitch #FailureFriday
The #Healthcare Freedom Act repeals core pillars of #Obamacare and provides significant new flexibility to both states & consumers
Senator McCain publicly embarrassed the entire party and in particular party leadership. What a loyal friend of 40+ years, huh?
You're a liar!  Why don't you and your colleagues sign up for it???  HUH?
Shame on you for your craven attempts to strip 23-36 mil Americans of their healthcare all to pay back your donors with a huge tax cut.
Yes, if by flexibility you mean no healthcare for 23+ mil Americans. "Access" means 0 if you can't afford it. Sure, I 'can' buy an NFL team.
It smelled worse than the swamp you're part of! As a KY resident, proud to see you go down in flames. Some legislator you are!
Leader McConnell, It is time to work with others, not just the one sided, no peeking, underhanded way you and others are going about this.
It was a awful bill and u know it,stop working for the rich and start caring about America again,
aww you couldn't play dirty like w/SCOTUS appointment & lost you pathetic old . Time for you to retire
He needs a Waaaahhhmbulance
You're cute.
#Turtlefails
Rubbish! You are punishing the poor Sir
Your speech after the bizarre vote was magnificent. One of the strangest things I have ever seen. Don't try to figure it out - no one can.
I'm proud of u Senator McConnell. I watched the whole thing & u did ur best. No matter what happens, you know that. God Bless u & ur Family
Ha!  You've spent 7 years trying to repeal and failed. Now your the majority, and you still failed. Stick with just saying no to everything
You are now officially a failed senate return power back to state gov like the founders created
YOU FAILED
#wewantsinglepayer
Loser haha!
Full Repeal now
With luck Mr Trump will veto sanctions. Meanwhile take your Senate and go home, stay home and please don't come back
McConnell stop letting Schumer run the senate. He makes repubs look like fools like cowards like paid off cowards #FireMcCain n #FireCollins
You mean it proposes to repeal because it has not passed the Senate or the House, nor is signed by @POTUS. Action speaks louder than words.
We don't need flexibility for insurance provider but flexibility to have good Healthcare which is a different thing.
Thank you to the three Senators who voted for the love of human beings. Not corp. pocket books.
More lies.
"If the people who wrote this bill were proud of it, they wouldn’t be forcing this vote in the dead of night." -- Mitch McConnell, 2009 
KILLER
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4739512/amp/Couple-commit-suicide-health-care-costs.html …
Thanks, Senator, but we don't want that.
hmmm - and tax cuts for the rich and makes another 16 million uninsured. Do you EVER have a moment of shame with your lies?
TREACHERY. BETRAYAL. NO MORAL COURAGE. It's time to resign! Let someone else lead! Americans can't move on. #MCCONNELL
Hey Mitch, Hitler called. He says you're failing bigly at killing off millions of Americans.
You guys with freedom in every name. Act as if you have been there.
It's trumpcare, changing the name doesn't make it better
The big question is how many American citizens does it throw out on the street without health coverage?
Mitch you are a special kind of evil#and we American will work hard to repeal the GOP 2018 and 2020#thanks for the ammo
You disgusting old man. I wish I could be there when you meet your maker...it's not going to end well for you. #karma
TRUMP'S LOSER HEALTH CARE FAIL
The Republican Party has let the American people down
Govt should stay out of the Healthcare business.
No. It didn't. Glad it's DOA.
that is such rhetoric.  ur statement is just a string of meaningless words. that whack repeal didn't pass. what's in place is better period!
FOR GOD'S SAKES SAVE AMERICANS, QUIT GIVING ILLEGAL IMIGRANTS ENTITLEMENTS!!
MIDDLE CLASS TAXPAYERS CANNOT AFFORD!!
NON PROFITS CAN
After 8 years of GOP bs,  look at what is happening now. You created a monster and destroyed the system that helped you. Now what???
Yes!! Freedom from "health" and "care". What we've been wanting all along!  so happy u were defeated last night
And it failed miserably because you tried to cut corners during the process. You've failed and I couldn't be happier. Play by the rules.
Time to fix it
Another garbage bill fails. You have done NOTHING to help your constituents.
BS. You're a sham of a Senator - the MAJORITY of Americans want you to FIX the ACA - NOT REPEAL. Thank God for McCain, Collins and Murkowski
Yeah where over 20m will b left without healthcare.thank god 4 3 republicans.who saw past this shame by you n fellow liar Ryan

Today I finally got the chance to quote President Trump on the Senate floor on how Australia's health care system is better than ours. 
If @SenMajLdr wasn't ruining our country this would be funny.
You're insanely obsessed with being failures at healthcare. Move on! Do your job! LET IT GO!
#FIXACA
#McConnellsoldhissoul
#BigpharmaownsUS
Stop drinking the Kool-Aid and just let the ACA continue to insure millions. We have bigger fish to fry
Please stop trying to destroy our country. We won't let you win.
Dr Umbher along w/approx 400 Dr's are providing affordable #Healthcare to their patients. Free Market, Capitalism is what works. #FullRepeal
While taking away healthcare for those that need it most.
bullsh*t
Don't forget the huge tax cuts to millionaires/billionaires and the shit tons of money you'll be given for hurting millions of Americans
#Obamacare was rammed down our throats! It'll collapse forcing #Obstructionist @SenateDems & @SenateDems come to the table. They Own O'Care!
I salute Senator John McCain
#RepealGOP
Premiums will skyrocket and consumers will have less and less choice under YOUR 'repeal' plan. Isn't that what you are trying to 'prevent'?
