Funny that some of those vacancies are only there because you obstructed President Obama's nominations.
Republicans have enough of a majority to confirm without a single Democrat vote and you still can't get anything done. #sad #weak
Yep. Mitch, better think of someone else to blame.
No need to blame. Dems refuse to even try to work together, so kill the filibuster and get it done anyway.
Oh, honey, you litteraly have no idea what you're talking about.
Democrats have been trying to work together while republicans draft bills in secret.
Group 1 discusses their plan, Group 2 discusses their plan. The two come together and take the best of both to accomplish things. IT WORKS.
Except republicans won't acknowledge democrats right now
U've destroyed any credibility the GOP had! The sooner ur gone the better 4 the USA!
Need some new young CONSERVATIVES to take this and run with it.  TERM LIMITS
1)Actually, I think we need seasoned/experienced ppl in govt. Age is a number. The cumulative of how ppl live their lives is what's the most
Agreed to a point.  People who are raised in Faith and KNOW OUR TRUE HISTORY from the Founders, young or Old will do the RIGHT things.
Damn Mitch as it sits right now you have only 56 Retweets, and 253 comments that are not favorable. Delete your account, and resign.
The horrid games he played by going along with Reid and Obama are costing him now. No followers trust him.  Resign.
Oh right and you were the perfect angel when it came to #obama's nominees. #hypocrite #worstmajorityleaderever
All one needed to work for Obama was to be ILLEGALLY HERE, MUSLIM, or well known CROOK.  Some of his were all three.  JOKE POTUS OBAMA.
And your next statement is #RussianCollusion is a hoax! 
No, it's REAL alright.  But the ONLY evidence found Screams KILLED and her Snot wads were the ONLY ones doing any Colluding.  Just wait .
Exactly right. KILL THE FILIBUSTER and let's get the BEST things DONE. No more Mr Nice guy. Do it with them or do it without them, but do it
Says the guy who led the historic obstruction of Obama's Supreme Court nominee. Real rich coming from you.
the Biden Rule, dearie.
your own guy.
Live it, love it.
Own guy? I'm registered declined to state. Behavior was bad regardless. Nice try tho.
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/23/us/politics/joe-biden-argued-for-delaying-supreme-court-picks-in-1992.html …

how about that...
Sorry—did I stutter? "Behavior is bad regardless." Lemme kno—happy to explain how rationally assessing things works.
Rationally assessing that what's good for the gander is good for the goose.
So simple. So easy.  Think about it, try to understand it. NBD.
Lol...wut. I said something was bad, you told me another politician did it. Original point/comment still stands.
So you don't agree with the Biden rule ?
Lie in the bed that you made Mr. Speaker
SO HAVE SOME REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT
Seems like you and the rest of the Republicans are doing the same thing!!!Pass Trumps and our agenda! Golden Opportunity right now.
Bro you raged out on Garland nomination. You don't get to whine just because you're tasting your own hatred.
The king of obstruction is complaining about getting a taste if his own medicine. Maybe POTIS should try nominating qualified applicants.
YOU'RE calling democrats obstructionists? You're a huge hypocrite. Remember @POTUS44 @BarackObama?
You are a part of the swamp that needs to be drained.
Change the rules that they're using to obstruct!!
The constitution is a good read, man. You should check it out, some time.
Taking a page out of dear Donny's book, I see: whine & lie to distract from the next atrocity on the horizon. You're up to no good.
You haven't resigned yet? I guess you've decided to just stay on and continue being spectacularly ineffective.
From the asshole that would do anything to make sure @BarackObama was a one-term president. THAT failed, too, by the way.
I'm sorry--I could have sworn McCain, Collins and Murkowski were the obstructionists? Nice spin
Way to go, Democrats!!!
With your weak-ass help.  Thank you......
In your right mind, review regrets of passing Trumps folks Now.

#whinylittleMITCH #MERRICKGARLAND #DemocracyNOTHypocrisy #FUCKMITCH
Amen
Dems desperately trying to cover their corruption.  Pull your party together 4America and vote 51. Only after passed get vacations
Duh. Who would trust this guy to pick anyone good?!? He has a BAD record of choosing appropriate people! In any job!
He clearly does not "hire the best people"
The democrats stick together, whether it's good or bad for the USA, they don't care.  It's about the party.  The republicans? Weaklings.

You refuse to honor your people. Obstruction, what. Ask your fellow Reps why they are hiding from the people that elected them. Old Fart.
Please support America and our President Trump no vacations til agenda passed
Your right in there with them knucklehead!
@SenJohnMcCain #Senate @SpeakerRyan Listen"AMERICA"is talking NKorea could be Nuke war &you 3 BOZOS are giving our Cmd-n-Chief Guff, STOPIT
Yes, & Republicans continue their historic obstruction of Trumps agenda. We the people will remember at election time!
You wrote the book on obstructing. Looks like the Dems learned it from you Gramps.
Well time for bulldozer!
Insanity
maybe if you could get your own party as organized and in step as the Dims you wouldn't have these problems.
You do have a majority, ya know
But don't you have a majority?????
Yeah… Democrats obstruct substandard nominees while @POTUS obstructs justice (with a little help from friends like you). I choose the Dems.
You're a dinosaur who has no place in politics. Your healthcare repeal failure was  such a treasure. The look on your face was priceless.
.@SenateMajLdr You are the MAJORITY. Your days of blaming Dems & Obama are over. You now own ALL that happens!! Sad! @POTUS
You mean those unqualified people that continue to be put up with you cheering for them as if you want a govt run by clowns.
Oh stop it!!!
They wouldn't choose to vote no if he picked someone that was qualified & was country over party. That is not obstructing that is PROTECTING
Just like you obstructed Obama's nomination of SCOTUS?  Don't talk out of two sides of your mouth, Mitch.
Learned from the professional obstructionists
Considering your historic obstruction of Obama's SCOTUS nominee, you are the last person who should be whining about judicial nominees.
YOU NEED TO STEP DOWN WITH PAUL RYAN,BOTH OF YOU HAVE BEEN LYING TO THE PPL FOR YEARS AND IF U DONT STEP DOWN YOU WILL BE UNSEATED

Nice to know but what are you and the Repubs doing about it? You guys need a massive shot of testosterone. Why do Dems always beat U?
McConnell. Did nothing but obstruct for 8 years. He's nothing but a career establishment arrogant salesman like Ryan. What a joke
Just shut up after making your number one goal making Obama a one-term Potus, you old fool!
#FuckYou #MitchTheBitch! #JustResign you #PARTISANHACK!
After the Rep's EIGHT YEARS of obstruction!!  And refusal to hold vote on Sup Crt Justice!! Hypocrite!!
Nobody wants to hear you, of all people, talk about obstruction. #hypocrite
What we need from you, Mitch McConnell is dedication and cooperation with our President. Get Obamacare repealed now. We are hurting out here
Ummm, no I would say that to sorry ass republicians did that when Pres Obama was in office. That's exactl y what you GET! HAHAHAHAH
You should be used to it soon to be former Senator From Kentucky.
Pot, meet Kettle.
Obstruction= Merrick Garland
No Republican Leadership continue their historical ineffective leadership! Resign
No, Dems plus McConnell not wanting to stop filibuster! Vote these backstabbers out! Time to get things done in congress!
Their patriotic duty 
You are a historic failure and will be remembered for obstructing American progress, perhaps enabling Russian influence....
Of the 165 formally nominated only 3 have completed their aplication, 3 awaiting approval, 357 not nominated https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/ …
All of this on his own. No support from an old weak Republican party. I would think you would learn from the Dems, the rules have changed.
Really, there appears to be no action at all coming out of the Republican Party. No repeal of Obamacare. It appears that Trump has to do
Republican Senate appears to be very weak. No action on Bill Clinton & Loretta Lynch meeting at Phoenix Airport. No action on Hillary emails
, And you are trying to rob Americans of Healthcare which seems much worse than blocking corruption.  I hope your district votes you out!
You spent 8 yrs blocking everything from Obama. Even ideas you supported originally. You are an example a failed leadership.
WE THE PEOPLE PROMISE 2 - - >> REPEAL & REPLACE <<  EVERY REPUB. - U HAVE OUR PROMISE 2 REPLACE EVERY REP-AND REPLACE W/ ANOTHER BUSINESSMAN
WE THE PEOPLE R DONE W/ REPUB-LYING-BETRAYERS OF OUR BELOVED PRESIDENT = COME OUT PUBLICLY DEFEND TRUMP - PASS HIS AGENDA'S
OR WE > > >>>
Like Merrick Garland? C'mon man!
And you continue your historic bullying backstabbing lying to Kentuckians and Americans
NOT ANY DIFFERENT THAN GOP!
Well, you made history by denying Merrick Garland a hearing for a year.
7 years of NO HEALTH PLANNING!
Awww.....you sad, Mr. Turtle??

Gop as bad as the democrats!
Not ONE @gop hv mentioned the FAKE RUSSIA DOSSIER get on camera demand an apology the media lied every day FOR a year she thinks its funny
Classy Women for Trump is both an oxymoron and flatly impossible, by definition.
Suppprt our @POTUS but know the GOP is a farce
Yet u REFUSE TO DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT  have a nice long August Vacation while we THE middle class WORK our ass off to live paycheck2paycheck
Two words: Merrick Garland. So take your "historic obstruction" and put it where the sun don't shine, Mr. Turtle J. Hypocrite.
McConnell it seems, would rather cry about obstruction than do something about it.  Let me tell him this. WE DON'T BUY IT!!!
Excuse me, but which obstructionist party in control of HOUSE/SENATE/WH! Ur inability 2 govern is on @GOP & nothing 2 do w/@TheDemocrats
Merrick Garland.
Mitch, you obstructed for 8 years and bragged about it. Your fuzzy connection with truth hasn't changed since you were a campus pol at UofL.
Merrick Garland
If it were true, then you taught the opposition well.
Leader?  Of who or what?  Ur a mean, nasty, evil, vindictive, little person who uses the system to enrich only Urself.  #resign #olewaxyface
Doesn't GOP stand for Great Obstructionist Party? #ReplaceMitch #ReplacePOTUS #ReplaceGOP #MerrickGarlandStillWaiting
Are you f--king kidding me with this tweet? Merrick Garland, remember him? #ReplaceGOP #ReplaceMitch #RestoreIntegrity #ReplacePOTUS
You're no damn leader . U let them walk all over u
Of DT's 16 nominees to the federal district & circuit courts most from Federalist Society. #NoNewsom
Change the rules of Senate. 51 is a majority, get bills on floor & Vote Presidents Agenda or step aside. 56 approved @POTUS vs 256 Obama 8/1
@McConnellPress @POTUS you are weak.  Rs control it all.
Karma. It's a bitch Mitch!
The fact that you can accuse anybody of "obstruction" is mind blowing. You R the definition of that word. You cost us a Supreme Court seat.
LOL- I guess they are just following your lead from the last 8 years!
Merrick?
OK. What are you doing about? You do have a majority of the votes in the Senate, do you not?
Yes and you sir are leader of the Senate so we place a lot of the failure on your shoulders!!
DO WHAT @Senator Graham said! Give The $$ in block grants to the states 
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul @tedcruz @JeffSharlet @JeffFlake DO WHAT @Senator Graham said! Give The $$ in block grants to the states 
Do us all a favor and drop dead. #RIPGOP
Maybe if the @GOP backed a sane man, they wouldn't seem so sketchy. Remember you've pulled this too...
Did someone wipe your mind of the past 8 years. Seriously.
Are any more obstructive than U were for 8 years since day 1 of Obama? Sen. Jeff Flake "My party is in denial about Trump."ONE honest Repub
Says the Historic Obstructionist! Give up, Mitch, you own this whole mess, top to bottom.
What a hypocrite! U are the king of obstruction! Every nominee must be throughly vetted because GOP + trump lie + would sell us to Russia.
How many jobs are empty because there are no nominees? Apoint QUALIFIED people
This all Republican fault. You can have a bigger majority if u get rid of 60 rule
Do not let them! Change the senate rules so that they cannot do these things! Get a spine and do it! Prez TRUMP needs your help! MAGA!
Why don't you remove the 60 majority rule?
Well the GOP needs to get their act together and fix healthcare.  GOP won in Nov so act like winners and support our President. MAGA 
For goodness sake, use the nuclear option or face the consequences.  You WILL be voted out.
We think you are a powerless leader. Please step down.
No they dont
You, Mr. McConnell, are a disgrace to this country.
A mature professional would find a way to deal with disagreements, instead of airing your grievances on Twitter, you cry baby hypocrite.
Okay, you did the same thing to Obama. What did you expect to happen?
Mitch its time to fight these forces. Be bold, attack and defeat the forces that attack this nation! We're with u if you dont shrink back!
Pot meet kettle.
Nonsense you are the majority leader! Act like it!
#resist
Your obstruction of justice will go down in history. You have tied your legacy to @realDonaldTrump & it will be far from glorious. #treason
Where are the sanctions on Russia  and why aren't they signed. Democrats aren't your problem. Your president is your problem.
Merrick Garland
Pot calling kettle black??
W liked of @BetsyDeVosED et al, "historic" definitely applies. Lives at stake. Wouldn't want any less in response to unprecedented quality
You're like a demented broken record. You do know the definition of insanity don't you?
Dear Mitch -- we know what you are, so knock this off. 

Sincerely,
A Frustrated and Weary Nation.
The #PartyOfNo means no patriotism, no eithics, no regard for anything but their own power. Stay the hell out of my repro life & marriage
You know, it's hard to confirm more village idiots who are not experienced, have conflicts, and who don't complete their paperwork on time.
Mitch, you need to shut up. HAVE U SEEN THIS FOOL'S NOMINEES???? HORRIBLE!. U obstructed for EIGHT years, so just shut up. U r done!
Aren't you nice. Get a set of balls and get it done.
.@SenateMajLdr  LIAR. @POTUS HISTORICALLY LAZY nominating candidates. MANY don't want ANY PART OF #TrumpRussia TREASON. Mitch SO UNPOPULAR!
And you helped!!
Historic obstruction was what U,GOP did to Obama!  Now Ur getting taste to own meds. America not stand for GOP hurting poor, give to rich!
Wonder who they learned that from?
e. @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCa
Along with Senate Republicans!
Stop spreading more incivility.  Be a better leader for ALL the people. #TimeForSinglePayer Listen to the Catholic Nuns. #NunsOnTheBus
Do you puke a little when you say stuff like this?
You set the pattern.  #MerrickGarland #GOPhypocrisy
3 fingers pointed back, dude.
Tough, too bad. If you can't take it-leave. ALways remember Merrick Garland. Start worrying about the reality show in WH. What a disgrace.
Can't we change the rules? This has gone on long enough!
You are a most horrible little man starting with what you tried to do to President Obama! Your heart is black, no pun intended.
Perhaps if @POTUS stopped imitating (or stopped BEING) a Russian collaborator and a law breaking criminal (Emoluments) things would change.
You should ask Justice Garland to look into this for you.  I'm sure he'd be willing to help.
Do you think anyone believes your drivel?
On how you lie so easily.  Tell me did you have to go to school to be such a smooth liar.  Hear that?  That is sound of being out soon!
#DitchMitch your number one job stated by you was to obstruct anything President Obama did. @GOP has the house & senate. Only YOU to blame.
