Moving beyond compassion & health. Talking healthcare away from Americans is always wrong, not matter how you spin it.
You still have Healthcare. Don't know what you're even spouting this nonsense for
I support free mental health se vices for anyone sick enough to have "Deplorable" in their names.
You can't stick someone in a military situation when they don't know if they're a male or female. If they can't determine that, very risky
Any evidence to support that claim?
Here's one to the contrary by retired military men who served through both liberal & conservative administrations:
@CNN is #fakenews. Nothing to believeryone from them. They obviously don't talk to the inner states of America
This was written by 2 retired military leaders who served under both parties. The world is changing. Trump will not help yr grandkids. Read.
Thanks for nothing!!!
And yet you have repeatedly FAILED to provide something better. Talk is cheap.
So do something constructive that EXPANDS coverage for Americans! You only want to give tax breaks to your overlords!  #EvilTurtleFace 
I want a liberalized healthcare system. They profit too much and the tax payer should not be on the hook. There must be winners and losers
So, not for profit healthcare that is affordable & quality driven? YES!
Lol. Nice! Current system is unfair to consumers & providers Hm what other biz arrangement has this kind of set up? We pay protection $! 
REPEAL OBAMA CARE NOW
Passing the buck, Kicking the can, DOES NOTHING TO HELP OUR COUNTRY. If cannot make things happen we need then move aside for others
Universal healthcare is the right thing to do! #SinglePayerNow #HealthcareForAll
Just 12% of Americans support the Senate Republican health care plan, a new USA TODAY/Suffolk University Poll finds...
so a full repeal will fix Obamacare? You need to go back to school you don't fix something by getting rid of it
FIXING ACA IS THE RIGHT THING TO DO!, YOU RAVING LUNATIC. YOU & THAT CRAP U RUN WITH MAKE BENEDICT ARNOLD LOOK LIKE AUDIE MURPHY.
How can you vote to repeal healthcare for USA. Obamacare/ACA is a step to what all other industrialized nations do very successfully

Call the ACA Trumpcare and provide a national single payer option
Kicking 30 million Americans off health insurance to give the ultra wealthy a tax cut is the WRONG thing to do.
No it's not. The right thing is to make healthcare better for everyone. You're failing miserably at that.
Any Rep without the balls to go after the real law breakers that are breaking laws in open needs to be primaried and replaced
What th right thing to do is to investigate D. W. Shultz and the real criminals that have been ignored because republicans have been scared

Why not fix the"failure's" of Obamacare?
You are evil.
McConnell is not a statesman or a leader. We need somebody that can get the job done. Step down for the good of our country.
Mr. Pennypacker

So you are going to repeal AFA with a worse plan to replace it?  Wow!
Here is my plan McConnell ! STATE TO STATE MEDICARE/MEDCAID each state pays for an take care of its ppl only !
The party failed. 1984 redux. You will lose both houses in 2118 unless you get this done. I'm going to re-register as an independent. Ugh!
BULLSHIT ! There is no failure's in #OBAMACARE ! @JohnMcCain told sen. McConnell plan was an is #BROKEN an not worth his vote ! #RETIRE !
If Obama care didn't work in your state, it's only because republican senators sabotaged it. I feel bad for your constituents.
Why ignore the successes of The Affordable Care Act? Why not do the people the service of preserving the good and fixing the bad?

CONGRESS,SUBPOENA ALL AMERICAN'S WHO VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP OR STOP RUSSIAN WITCH HUNT
Moving out of your job would be far better...hmm...maybe not, UR replacement might be far worse.  #EAEWO   &'s Wide Open.
Uh...looks like Ur bill is more of a failure---not even out of the gate and failing.
Vote to KEEP THE ACA.  Stop trying to take away healthcare from millions of Americans.
End the Circus and send the elephants home.
Repeal Obummer care or GET OUT
MAKING HUGH PROFITS ON THE PAIN AND SUFFERING OF OTHERS IS EVIL. THE HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY MAKES NOTHING. IT SHOULD B A SELFLESS SERVICE! NOT.
Moving you out of office is the only movement we want!  You are the failure along with your Brown Shirt leader T.  #resignnow
Moving on from the failures of the #GOP is definitely the right thing to do! #UniversalHealthCare for all!!
We must get the repeal before moving on.
President Bush said cut off the head of the snake and it dies. Repeal ObamaCare and it dies. Then everyone will work together again.
I think we should move beyond you..
Must keep up the pressure. Belief Cruz amendment added to a repeal and replace in 20 months would PASS
Something is wrong with you in the head. Seek help!
I hope he drops dead...lets vote in new pepl that aren't in the swamp!
Put your ego,obsession to win,hatred for dems,love for tax breaks for wealthy &do right thing.Don't repeal ACA/sabotage by withholding funds
Make it mandatory that Congress has to live under obamacare. That will get the ball rolling. Live like we have to.
Americans have suffered too long being forced to buy an unaffordable unuasable product that cost too much with deductibles to high to use
Stealing $800 billion is not the answer it hurts America, and will get Republicans voted out of office! Repair not repeal!!!!

what about the failures of you in the Senate & as majldr? #LYING #GOPSCUM
So very very heartless!!
What's heartless?
Moving on from something should only be toward something BETTER. You are pushing WORSE.
#KillTheBill
#GOPLIES

So fix what is broke and let 32 million Americans keep their insurance.
The 32 million are the ones that DON'T HAVE TO HAVE insurance if they don't want it. Unlike when Obama was forcing everyone to be insured
Sorry, you are correct - the sick and elderly don't need healthcare.

You're sabotaging it. It's not failing. People will die, and you don't care. Up yours.
