You forgot to add the Flynn investigation, the tax outline serving the wealthy and Trumps poor approval ratings.
you are looking at the wrong polls...Bet u did that before
Look how long it is taking to make this happen. Pathetic McConnell. GOP appear weak on getting things done. Get rid of 60 votes.
Itch what an important tweet. You are all over the his except what is the Deputy's name. Nice job again for the itch. Clap hands together
Mitch, I hope the new and improved Seretary of the USDA will enforce Truth in label laws. Especially laws regarding Omega 3 claims
Old useless Mitch is a lier and a thief.
Do you want a participation trophy or what? you turtle-faced buffoon
Just what we need a climate change denier in the USDA. How many billions will that cost the agriculture industry?
Digusting vile liar
What important business has it taken up this is just usial new president stuff
A pretty dispicable record of acheivement for YOUR first 100 days! If GOP doesn't GET WITH IT they won't be in the majority much longer!
if Dems try to shutdown the gov, then Mitch should go nuclear to pass all legation w/ no holds or delays. this will force the Dems to work
Snowflakes go fly a kite and melt down.  You will make america great again.  We will not hear your negativity.  What a peacefull endind
We are proud of all your hard work
Pass a bill for gosh sakes
And remove sanctions that protect the people of the country as well as the animals. Oh yeah. Big whoop.
The American people are suffering as the corrupt @GOP swamp gets bigger, meanwhile @realDonaldTrump golfing costs skyrocket. #RetireTurtle
How do you sleep at night, fool!
More swamp creatures!
Ignore! We already have the pitch forks to remove as soon as he's impeached
that is great - now what about Russia?  Where are we on the Russia investigation?
Having fun burning the country to the ground? When your ass is in the ground there'll be nationwide festivities.
Thank you, it would be nice if our Government would work with our @POTUS Americans voted for him. #AmericaFirst 
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Thank you!
Resign. #GOPobstruction
Hey Mitch, did you check to see if these losers were Russian sleeper agents?  Apparently you have been forgetting to do that.
Are they crooked like you?
Cool. The flaming hand basket en route to Hell just keeps speeding along.
So? What's your point? This administration only has about 500 vacancies requiring confirmation left to fill. Are you saying right on track?

Merrick Garland
keep going Mitch, let's get it done
When are you going to have an independent investigation of #Trumprussia?  Or are you compromised too? How much $ have you taken from Russia?
Wow that's big
Get those Corp taxes down 15% @SenateMajLdr senate @GOP DON'T SCREW THIS UP!!!
About Time!
You need to tweet MORE to keep America informed
Any relation to Jimbo?
The #Senate has also:

Obstructed investigations into possible #TrumpRussia treason. Thanks, @SenatorBurr!

Which should matter more, Mitch?
Oh the idiots in our country never seem to amaze me. Still on Russia.  @Norman_Outdoors @MKANTONIO1 @Kimmie091577 @CB618444 @SouthernerAm_I
Republicans are liars, we all know that now, it's a non issue anymore
Benghazi Lies #SusanRice  Clinton's What difference does it make!Obama's Video Lie/Benghazi.Tired of all lies.We deserve Truth#FakeNews
Mitch McConnell: Sad Legacy of Obstruction, Corruption and Enemy Collusion. ,,,,, "Nevertheless she "PERSISTED" Sad, Sad little man
Why don't you worry about #TrumpRussia? #Russiagate #PutinWhiteHouse #ComradeTrump
rushing things is never a good thing mitch. russian things on the other hand
Don't forget you blew up the senate rules last week. Well done Mitchell.
try not to have the usda bring back mad cow disease
how do THEY hate America?...
