Americans deserve better than what you in the Senate are doing, & what happened in the House.  Fix what's wrong w/ACA & be done.
SOOOO REPEAL IT!!! NO GOV HEALTHCARE..WE DON'T WANT VA CARE FOR ALL.....REPEAL O'CARE NOW!
Stop lying - that would be better. Fix Obamacare - do not replace. That would be better.
https://youtu.be/IVdz3Jij_zk  We need to repeal and replace Congress health Care NOW
We deserve to all have affordable health care.  We don't deserve politicians that sell their citizens to Koch brothers & other groups.
Just repeal let the free market replace #justrepeal
Americans want affordable decent healthcare and well paying jobs we are not going to get that with #trumpcare #mitchdontcare
Repeal Ocare - Do NOT replace.  Prevent our country from becoming more socialist.  Please!!!  Use Rand Paul's ideas.
Americans Deserve Better Than #Trumpcare Better than #BCRA!
So...repeal it like you promised.
On April 27th 1990, Senator Mitch McConnell introduced the American Health Care for All Act ...
1/
@heraldleader @nytimes @cnn @Morning_Joe
Mitch suffered life-threatening polio as a child. Mitch McConnell's parents faced ruinous Bankruptcy. 

2/
President Franklin D. Roosevelt's Helping-Hand-Government-for-the-People-and-by-the-People stepped in to help. 

3/
See: 

A. https://www.congress.gov/bill/101st-congress/senate-bill/2535/cosponsors … 

B. https://youtu.be/F7g3NAEOU4k 

Comments?
Stop the Trump Health Care bill, it's not about "health care"!
single payer is a slam dunk with these treasonous pinko commie gop cowards. Its what's next that is important. free pot for all. go libs
Health Ins was 110% better before Obamacare, so why replace it? Why not kill the bill & let it go back to the way it was?
We deserve better is right! We deserve a real government, all of you take your pensions and retire!! Don't you think you did enough damage?
They deserve politicians that care about them & not money going into their campaign.  We deserve someone who thinks about the poor & sick.
Americans deserve better than Mitch McConnell and the corrupt @gop. #ImpeachTrumpPence #FakeHero #TrumpIsFakeNews
https://youtu.be/GdXmZdiLjbw  We need to repeal and replace your health care
Repeal. No Federal healthcare please
Mitch it's not #Obamacare it's the ACA
Yes we do, so stop trying to use the Ocare format! Repeal that crap and open free market insurance & allow to cross state lines!! #Repeal
#Congress & @POTUS #Trump won on #FullRepeal Of #ObamaCare. #GOP LOSES The #Senate If U Persist w/ #RepealAndReplace!

#RepealObamaCare NOW
McConnel is a ass how do the people of Ky allow him to remain in Wash.Dc

Mitch McConnell plans to "bribe" senators to pass GOP’s deadly health care repeal

http://shareblue.com/mitch-mcconnell-plans-to-bribe-senators-to-pass-gops-deadly-health-care-repeal/ ……
Easy fix, don't give tax breaks to the Riches. They don't need, like you they have millions, so help the uninsured NO medicare cuts
Then Repeal Obamacare. Oh I forgot your favorite mantra: Big Gov Good, True freedom bad!  Isn't that's what you really believe?
All Congress should be on same #healthcare as us.  If it's good enough for Americans, it's good enough for you.
You're trying to open a lemonade stand that sells piss! Why? You'll never have to drink any of it, will you?
We don't need another Obamacare. Repeal only & markets will open and b competitive if allowed to cross state lines. We don't need big Govt.
Maybe.  But it isn't the Republican plan which is even worse.  If salaries had kept up with economy, it'd be different. Do the right thing.
Then do something about it.  You will be voted out if you don't deliver on Trump's agenda to put America first.  Reps need to come together
My daughter & her husband each have a $16,000.00 deductible. She's having a baby & he has cancer $32,000.00. Is ridiculous.
Mitch join American people. You and your Chinese Wife join us on the same plan. You can push it through or will Kock Bros & Heritage allow?
U mention that it isn't easy #MAGA, is it? But it was EASY 4 Congress 2 Allow Democrats 2 "DESTROY WHAT MADE AMERICA GREAT" #DWMAG! Fix This
All Congress must be on the same healthcare. If it's good enough for Americans, it's good enough for you.
Please REPEAL we want better! We can wait for it! Listen to The AMERICAN PEOPLE & PRESIDENT! HOLD OFF! REPEAL NOW PLEASE! DO RIGHT BY US!!!
AMERICANS WANT IT DONE RIGHT! REPEAL LIKE WE WANTED! WE CAN WAIT FOR BETTER INSTEAD OF RUSH JOB THAT IS GOING TO SUCK! DO WHAT PRESIDENT ASK
Repeal Obamma Care now!
AMERICANS WANT REPEAL LIKE PROMISED! WE CAN WAIT FOR BETTER INSTEAD OF RUSH JOB JAMMED IN OUR FACES! PLEASE LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE & PRESIDENT
REPEAL OBAMACARE AS PROMISED! YOU are holding onto it! Either repeal completely or GET OUT OF THE WAY!
True statement...what are Republicans doing . Us deplorables deserve better.
Get off your asses and get it done. No excuses !!!!!
CONGRESS SWEET MEDICAL PERKS:
SEN MCCONNELL's MEDICAL PERKS:
CONGRESS SWEET MEDICAL PERKS:
BIG HIKES TRUMPS FAULT
AMERICANS DESERVE BETTER THAN YOU SENATOR WITH ALL DUE RESPECT. YOU ARE THE SINGLE MOST OBSTACLE TO BIPARTISAN GOVERNMENT, SADLY!
Yes, we do. We want you to REPEAL ObamaCare. Why do you think we put Republicans back in power six years ago? DO YOUR JOB!!!
We deserve better than #RIP Republican Insurance Program. We deserve so much more than you. Stop hurting the American people.
You people are pathetic. Vacation, no healthcare bill. I've been w/o insurance for months. What could be more urgent? Your vacay, I guess.
Dems not interested in working with GOP?? How quickly we forget: “McConnell had warned both".. ."their futures...would be much dimmer" if
Why not hold a Townhall and find out if they agree with you. Oh wait, you NEVER hold townhalls. You don't want to hear what Americans think.
In luxury and soft, effortless ease, or to the deification of a warped and twisted sentimentality."
and this without regard to whether the loss is due to the growth of a heartless and all-absorbing commercialism, to prolonged indulgence
From T Roosevelt:  On virtue: "No nation deserves to exist if it permits itself to lose the stern and virile virtues;
Vote for repeal today.
You are going to bankrupt my business.  I will have to decide between bankruptcy and going to the emergency room if I have heart attack
Under your plan I would have to sell my house to afford 1 year of heath insurance.  $114,000 a year in premiums.
I don't make $9500 a month.  I can't pay $9500 premium if I don't make that much money
I can only give you every penny I make I can't give you more.  Oh, you want me to sell my house to pay for premiums
When my premium is higher than what I make how do you expect me to pay.  At least under ACA my premium was less than my income
Individual health insurance premiums need to be lower than a person's income.  Why are setting premium rates higher than a person's income
Then give us better, not this turd you and those 11 other senators rolled together with your hind legs.
New CBO report provides even worse news for Senate GOP health plan
Hurt Americans!  It SAVED LIVES! This bill of yours will destroy lives - how can you live with such lies&be aChristian
Americans deserve better than @SenMajLdr McConnell silence on @realDonaldTrump's undignified, outrageous & sexist tweets toward @morningmika
They detest what your trying to you thief
YOU MUST REALLY LIKE TO BE HATED
Obamacare can be fixed. But you want to give tax breaks to billionaires,  on the backs of grandmas.
History will judge you and will not be kind to you McConnell.
Get it done. No more excuses.
RID US OF THE FILIBUSTER NOW! MAJORITY RULES, YOU HAVE THE POWER & WE KNOW IT.
What is good about tRump plan?
Americans deserve better than an ineffective government.
We deserve better than you...
Senator, you got Gorsech in, now get the two immigration bills passed!!! Please.
NO AMERICANS DESERVE BETTER THAN MITCH McCONNELL U OLD BAG OF A MAN.
Stop acting like u care 4 people-really not sure how u sleep at night!This isn't a healthcare bill. Call it what it is...a Tax Cut! #FixACA
It was a grand place to build upon without Repub undermining.
we sure as hell deserve better then trumpcare
No Americans deserve better than lying senators who are not listening to 83% who want to keep the ACA, preserve Medicaid and Medicare
America deserves better than you!  Wake up Kentucky!
We deserve better than you
Baby, no. Come home. Take a day or two off. And then we'll discuss this like adults. Your tweeting lk the president right now; unacceptable
Why does Senate GOP revised HC reform bill add a provision requiring those with a 63 day or more break in coverage to wait 6 months? Crazy!

We deserve better than TrumpCare! As a business owner >50. TrumpCare will ruin my business by multiplying already obscene premiums. Fix ACA!
Thanks to your sabotage
No Deal on Health Care.....NO VACATION or BREAKS!  Lock them down until they got something they agree on.  GET IT DONE!!!
Your plan doesn't help out the people who need it. But helps out the rich, the very people who you really work for.
#savemedicaid #donoharm
America deserves better than you and Trump! You both need to grow up and open your eyes ! You are ruining America!
Americans deserve better than you trying to pass a bill in secret that will throw 24 million people off of vital healthcare
Why are ins cos losing $ even w/higher premiums? Answer: Obamacare made it impossible for insurers to predict costs.
We do deserve better than what the republicans are proposing.I'm not rich enough for tax breaks
Work with Democrats and fix it. When will you get over trying to gauge Pres. Obama.? Grow up.  Protect real people.
America deserves better than bought, career politicians.
are you going to hold a town hall?or hide?
we deserve better get some women to the table.we need people with heart not just the need for more $$ in pockets
we deserve better. Retire. Need someone to work with both sides
we deserve better. Work with the other side to come up with better plan.hurting the children,veterans schools
Americans deserve better than Donald Trump, and yet, we are stuck with him.
@realDonaldTrump is only the zit that emerges from the infection.  Most of the problem is below the surface starting w people like McConnell
We definitely deserve more than a tax break for the rich on the backs of the middle class or poor for that matter. EAT SHOT SENATOR!!
Americans voters stated clearly in the only poll that counts in November 2016 that Obamacare is killing citizens and needs to be buried.
We deserve better than you and your catering to the wealthy and big business. Shame on you!
Americans deserve better than you and this terrible healthcare bill negotiated in a back room by old white guys who don't care about us.
Americans deserve better than you and this sleazy GOP!
I agree & also deserve better than the closet 13 bill you tried to jam through other day. We deserve for our leaders to work for all of us.
Americans deserve better Than #BHCA
WE DESERVE BETTER THAN WHAT YOU ARE PROPOSING...SHAME ON YOU
GOP is a study in #FailureToLead
Americans deserve better than  @realDonaldTrump
Your chin is a pre-existing condition
We've got to get this passed. Because of Obamacare premiums have gone up. Get this fixed now.
Great, then improve rather than gut it.
Govt. Has No Business With HealthCare! How in the hell this became political? Is beyond STUPID! Socialized Medicine! Give me a break! Repeal
America deserves better, impeach this vile pig! 
American's deserve better than our "President".  Disgusting, degrading, and the epitome of "Ugly American".
The ACA saves lives!  Repair and strengthen the ACA.
And better then what we have now. Americans are mad at this nonsense you bill stinks and so does your boss. He is disgusting.
Mitch, Mitch, Mitch. 83% of Americans DO NOT WANT your TrumpCare tax cut. Stop blaming Obama and fix the problem you've had 7 years to solve
I hope that wasn't from a NBC poll lol
America deserves Better than YOU and the treasonous GOP!!
Start passing bills. I am tired of your grandstanding! Get some work done damn it! Use nuclear options on everything!
