we will no longer pay for your top medical care too costly. To save money you join us with your new plan
100% would like you to make health care MORE affordable and available. Your plan does not do that. It will push premiums up.
GOP-STYLE HEALTHCARE IS WHAT DID NOT WORK FOR AMERICANS IN THE FIRST PLACE.  MONEY BEFORE PEOPLE.
.@SenateMajLdr you mean your rich friends are ready for a change. I #readthebill
Where did you get this?  Breitbart News?
Now that's an #alternativefact
So are you Sir. YOU are THE SWAMP MONSTER
You're the biggest disaster I see! Haven't screwed enough Americans yet? How do you sleep at night? #noconscience
So stop talking and change it
What part of the word CHANE do you not understand? it doesn't mean to eliminate. it means to CHANGE.... you demented old bat.
Is Donald Trump your Tweet writer? SAD!
.@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan the truth: 32mil will lose healthcare, 20k+ will prob die, Medicare will be in worse shape & the rich get richer
-  have you really asked the people who use ACA?  You're a jerk.
.@SenateMajLdr Yeah, like lower premiums, not lousier protections.
um, your info graphic supports the notion of changing. I don't see anything about repeal or replace. we need #ACA
also, your point says CHANGING not repeal and replace, in case you didn't know...
it's like you have to keep repeating the same lie to convince yourself of this. Wow.
because YOUR party broke it!You took out risk corridors, take responsibility YOU did this. NOW ur making it worse!
, don't CHANGE it. Get rid of it.
No... the word you're looking for is REPEALING Obamacare!!  I think we should repeal & replace you, too!
this chart is complete bullshit, a lot like you.
and another lie
I change my shoes to match my outfit--But if I cannot find a pair of shoes that matches-I don't go out in the street barefoot.
TRUMPCARE IS MONEYCARE FOR BILLIONAIRES. IT IS NOT HEALTHCARE FOR PEOPLE.  DON'T LET THE MASSIVE @GOP LIES FOOL YOU.
Well, they want it expanded. But just do what you promised and bring all the money back to the top. I need a 5th beach house. @SenateMajLdr
LIE
this is an easy fix- just give the American people the same coverage you have at the same cost! #Obamacare
Change means fix it, not trash it. #dotherightthing #realpplneedhealthcare #representlikeyouarepaidtodo
no change, just kill it. No more word games. Kill it!
The change We the People want is universal healthcare, NOT your GOP windfall plan for the insurance industry!
GOP obstruction to real health care with t-Rump care is the real disaster.  Vote out GOP. 2018 is coming #indivisible
You are clueless. Shut up! @senatemajldr
Give up your insurance! I don't want my taxes to cover your health expenses.
No we are not. I want to keep Planned Parenthood, Medicaid.  Rich CEOs get tax breaks? $4k not enough for elderly.
That change would be seeing you removed from office.
liar
check out your own plan turkey neck
Well... Except for 500,000 of your constituents.
wrong! 20 million disagree with you. You didn't learn anything from your townhall did you? Telling America lies is not ur job!
This is bs spin. Turtle Man needs to go away next term election.
@GOP has been a disaster in their lies of #repealobamacare
we are ready for a change alright.  Country before party.  Change your job.  Get out.  YOU are what's wrong in DC.
ACA could be tweaked a little to make it even better. 80% is inflated. Get ready for the fallout from poor replacement option.
I would check a current poll.
You lied to Kentuckians. You led them to believe Obamacare was different than the ACA. Don't deny it. It was purposeful deceit
Yes, we want to CHANGE it, not get rid of. You dudes might want to reflect on your negligence on this issue. YOU. NEGLIGENT.
I love my Obamacare! TrumpCare just doesn't cut it.
what a huge liar! Is this the #republicanparty mantra Just lie about everything looks ke voters will believe it? #vote2018
what 80 % of population are you polling
so you are going to give tax breaks to millionaires but charge the elderly more..
66% of Americans want independent probe of Russia-Trump antics. Was Trump funneling campaign money to his own accounts?
we love our ACA in Ky. You're out of touch with your constituents. Ditch Mitch
Liar. Maybe 80 percent of GOP. It's helped your state immensely. But you probably don't give a shit.
Fake polls Fake people Not real.
Yet you haven't made a case for why the federal govt should even be in this space
WRONG!
absolute disaster=30 million got healthcare, 1000's of lives saved thanks to Obama, at least he DID something, u sat for 10yr
A better word would be fixing. What you are now offering is the true disaster.
You & GOP made it a disaster.There's a thing called Continuous Improvement you might want to look into. It's a simple concept
@McConnellPress I've had aca for 2 yrs- it works for me- YOU LIED
@McConnellPress Liar- you will be accountable for ppl dying- how do you look your kids in the face EVIL
LIES
You obviously don't read your own twitter feed, you senile baby. Do you remember when u used to care about us?  #VoteThemOut
.@SenateMajLdr I'm pretty sure they want improvements not the complete gutting you are trying to get away with. You are truly shameless!
Great job.
From a man that has insurance, that the struggling pay for.
A change would be nice; do you plan to retire soon? #Resistance
You, sir are the real disaster - surely your last term in office. DRAIN THE SWAMP
@GOP @SenateMajLdr @FBI @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump 
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #RESIST
Wrong again Mitch. You keep telling yourself that but it's not true. You will deprive 500000 in Ky of food affordable care
we don't want ryancare either. You either repeal it totally and replace it! @realDonaldTrump
but 80% love ACA?
it really sure you have listened to the American people - have you ??
WHO are you talking to?
Private health insurance & no bulk purchases of prescription meds r the disaster. Get us universal health care like the world.
Since when is change = kill?
change implies reform rather than repeal- lmao u can't even understand ur own bullshit statistics
Now let us see what you do nothing RINOS get done and if it is a good plan considering the differences in the GOP.
you are a jerk & a hypocrite, the American people demand to have the same healthcare and savings plan you have in the #Senate
Sorry Mitch you are full of it. You repubs prevented the medicaid expansion. How much is this new plan going to cost under cbo
a graphic doesn't change what is proposed is bad for people bad for the economy.
and the Horrible Care Act proposed is less coverage for more money. The only ones to benefit are insurance company CEOs.
lies.
are you sure your stats are correct? I just asked 10 of my friends and they all want it to stay as is.
They won't if you start calling it by it's real name. American people deserve the same level of coverage that we afford you!
ACA repeal gives each of the 400 richest Americans a $7 million tax cut. Stealing HC from the poor to give handouts to rich.
You are a liar. You are at war with the American people. It is the Government, allied with the Insurance Industry, against the rest of us.
Well there's an outright lie.
80%? According to what sources? I see you're now on the fake news ban wagon. Ready to give up ur gov't funded insurance?
my family has benefited from Obamacare.
You area LIAR & an A**. How is YOUR FREE Healthcare working for you old man? Can't we see how much that is costing taxpayers?
Exactly. The majority want the ACA fixed NOT GUTTED.
Only 37% want repeal and replace. The rest want to keep ACA but with changes. Your chart is misleading at best. #TrumpCare
Most of those 80% want it changed to single payer. The rest are morons.
fixing would have been better than your proposed disaster
Of course we do. We will always want better and cheaper healthcare. That does not mean it is a disaster currently.
Not just a change, a #repeal. A #FullRepeal
I call Bullshit on that... wait until they get GOP's replacement rammed thru w/o being scored. The change will be devastating.
But, the rich will get richer, the poor poorer, and healthcare prices will still go up. Health Care should NEVER be for-profit
They did till they realized it was Affordable Care Act. Right, Traitor Mitch?
change <> repeal.  Buy yourself a dictionary.
let's not forget it's the disaster you created.
I guess you have not held any town hall meetings lately.  Listen to your constituents. Do your job.
I don't believe you.  Where did you get that statistic,  it's not cited.?
you know what's a real disaster? The GOP allowing this crazy Russian puppet president to destroy our country
can everyone Google #citizensunited please a see what a s bag ol Mitch McConnell is
@realDonaldTrump just because the Donald says something or because you make a sign, it doesn't make it true.
same thing can be said about your leadership in the Senate !! #TermLimits
maybe cus that's something you've sold, the #ACA on the other hand is not perfect & COULD b improved, BUT IT WORKS. #Obamacare
LOL Liar. You are a crook. #TermLimits #citizensunited you sold the people out over corporations.
change is 1 thing. 2 make it worse is another @realdonaldtrump @potus @sendategop
Yes-Look at your own meme-CHANGING-not abandoning. Those words are not synonymous. Look it up!   @Indivisible_KY3 we need you!
Keep telling yourself that so you can sleep at night
Yes they are.  When will impeachment of @realDonaldTrump take place?
This is false!
CHANGING it yes--nobody said anything about gutting it.
Mitch, that is total and you know it. You just want to funnel to your owners in the 1%. @Thom_Hartmann @normangoldman
Mitch, that is total and you know it. You just want to funnel to your owners in the 1%. @SMShow @frangeladuo
you are the disaster. Yes we need a change.
@McConnellPress  absolute disaster is what you and your Koch Bro buddies are about to do to our Earth/environment.
where did you pull that one from, you're so pathetic, must be watching tv with Trump
4. I bet I can guess, and I bet the people who elect you can too #swampthing
NOT TRUE! What poll proves this? Stop exaggerating and do your job. Your job is NOT to B.S. the public for political gain.
Absolutely, Must be done as soon as POSSIBLE ! So we can move on to tax reform etc.
3. The question is who do you work for? Your constituents or the GOP, DJT, and all those corps who pay $ to your campaign?
you sabotaged it for politics and money
You are the disaster and a liar.
1. Purposely misleading. 76% of REPUBLICANS feel ACA needs to be changed.
CHANGING OBAMACARE.  Not repealing it and putting in dogshitcare. @SenateMajLdr
Why not change it into the same government healthcare you, your family, and your colleagues enjoy?
we sure don't mean tax cuts to the rich and leaving millions without health insurance.
I guarantee more Americans favor changing Congress significantly.
KKK
How do you tell if @SenateMajLdr is lying? His lips are moving. Old joke but so true in this case. When r his district voters gong to get it
change NOT replace-back to the drawing board @GOP!
you re a disgrace. Resogn before you're voted out. The POS repeal bill would throw millions off insurance and you know it.
the change I favor is getting rid of Trump and Republican leadership...how dare you say this is better for people?
Perhaps the 80% is how many KY would like to Repeal & Replace YOU! Use current stats- even Fox News used CNN poll.
Keep up the good work!  Thank you!
It's important to note that 63% want to keep #obamacare #aca So why is replacing so important? @SenateMajLdr
#Obamacare has been an absolute disaster and the American people are ready for a change. 
To quote your Gallup poll, that is! http://www.gallup.com/poll/198158/americans-changes-affordable-care-act.aspx … @SenateMajLdr
It's important to note that 63% want to keep #obamacare #aca So why is replacing so important? @SenateMajLdr https://twitter.com/senatemajldr/status/839135332289363968 …
Yes, they want more coverage for less $, not the reverse @senrobportman
Get our government out of our healthcare
You must get your data from Putin. You do nothing but lie.
not by the GOP bill that's for sure
You first! Try living without healthcare or any kind of health insurance! Also, CALL IT THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT YOU CORRUPT 
but all u r doing is changing the name.  Subsidy to tax credit. Mandate to universal coverage.  This is worse than Obamacare.
ALTERATIVE FACTS.
Sorry This looks like Obamacare 2.0. Needs work.
Go Away!!
so you tweeted it a little to make it worse. Nice going!
@McConnellPress Also, voting in 2 days with no hearings? Not cool.
@McConnellPress That's a very old statistic - when people didn't realize the ACA was ObamaCare. Majority now want it kept.
so youre giving us disaster 2.0?? #IDIOT #NEOCON #RINO
#Fakenews sad
what you're doing is a disaster. Should have tweaked Obamacare to be better, not destroy it. You break it YOU OWN IT
as with anything, yes, it can be improved. No need to dismantle the whole thing just because GOP has been ignoring for 20 yrs.
Not your change.
Wrong, just wrong, Sad
Oh, Turtle---I don't think the findings mean what you thing.  We want to IMPROVE the ACA; not abolish it.  Get a clue!
remember change is NOT destruction.80% want changed not destroyed. Only the malevolent or ignorant want it destroyed.
Yr pie chart is A BIG FAT LIE. You were so busy condescending to your contituents at the town hall that you refused to listen.
McConnell, acting as trumps mini-me, tells the most vulnerable of our citizens that they don't get proper healthcare.
Has not been a disaster for millions. But those millions are not millionaires so they don't count, right?
lies.
It's actually your party that has been a disaster for this country. How do you even sleep at night?
