don't call your self a Christian. Tax cut for the millionaire and kill all the children that have preexisting conditions.
Democrats would work with you to fix this but YOU don't want that. You're hubris will kill millions. Shame on you, Godless man!
you are cutting help for public health. Opioid,Zika and all the epidemics. For tax cuts to the top 1 percent of the rich
Reduces taxes, deficit, AND HEALTHCARE. #NoTrumpCare It's NOT a healthcare bill, it's a transfer of tax$ from poor to rich.
you keep winning because of jerry mendering. destroying the country nationally and internationally just for the party
It also reduces the number of people that benefit and it also gives wealthy people a tax gift.
I CANT WAIT TO DONATE TO YOUR NEXT OPPONENT, REPUB OR DEM! Wonderful crap sandwich bill ahole!! #GreatestAmericanLoser <-- Mitch McConnell
you want life time caps,no help for drug abuse,mental abuse,You will kill people
LIE Tax break to millionaire.prolife but you want life time caps.a child in ICU will hit the life time cap and DIE
#1 You lie. #2 You are responsible for the Jr. High drama in the White House. He is unfit & you don't care. Lowest moment in Kentucky today.
pass bills to give guns to crazy but take away their mental health care.
Talk to your constituents and see what they say!!
Hope Turtle enjoys his last year as a US Senator.He will never be re-elected after all the Shit hes pulled under Trump.Hope it was worth it.
Why can't Obamacare be completely repealed?
MAGA=. MAKE AMERICA GAG AGAIN is more like it Grandma.

It does ZERO TO LOWER Premiums!!
You are WRONG! Zero would be better. It will increase premiums for elderly, Rural areas and very sick.
Read what you wrote! My comment implies premiums wouldn't go down. We agree
Yes, I I understood, just amplifying your comment. Thanks.
BULLSHIT.
That's a  lie and no matter how many ways you try to convince us of that, we know the truth and u should do better 4 your constituents
You're the #GreatestAmericanLoser! 8 years to put the CHITTY bill together and you produce the biggest crap sandwich!
Will TurtCare cover the Amnesia Virus that hit Donny's camp &the current admin @ the WH? Or is it a Pre-existing condition?
You sir are a murderer.  Twenty-nine million with diabetes. Seventy-five million have high blood pressure. Being over 50 is a pre condition.
And I'm retiring with a disabled wife. Another victim of the Turtle.
Now you're just making stuff up. You read a different CBO report. GOP care sucks, according to economists, doctors, and most of USA.
If people would read details they would know our medical hospitals and most Americans agree. But they need that tax cut. Re-election #1
It also reduces availability, quality,options for many people, and any insurance at all for many.
The only thing it will do is line your pockets and leave the lower class with no insurance. Aren't you proud?
Interesting poll results:
Is universal healthcare a constitutional right?
Yes, it is a right - 3%
No, it is not a right -- 89%
Maybe -- 8%
put women into the meetings to help this bill have a heart
have hearings like Obama did. You are doing this bill with a couple of selfish men in close doors.
what happens to my son with a preexisting condition once he becomes an adult.?
On top of the many lies the GOP puts out I can't get over your refusal to meet with March of dimes. After they almost cured u of polio.
You LIE
what is going to happen to the elderly.
grow up take away that stupid smirk and work with the other side to come up with a bill that works.
...BS BS BS BS BS BS
Damn Mitch did that government funded polio care rob you of a conscience? You lie as badly as Trump.

It increases deductibles, cuts off disabled children, and the only ones getting a tax cut are those asshole in congress
LMFAO. Selective much? #evil
your bill gives health care industry CEO's giant raises....they don't need raises, but Americans ALL need healthcare...single payer!!
Delayed? Get your act together or resign!
Wrong - we the CBO report!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I would suggest when you tweak it..change the part where you murder disabled Americans. #GOPDeathCare 
#HealthcareNotWealthcare
MORE LIES from the most corrupt administration in American history. #CorruptGOP #DitchMitch
We need price transparency in health care. Prices are essential to a functioning marketplace. Impossible in the US. Crony capitalism.
It does all these "great things" bc you take away money from people health services.  You are robbing Medicaid to give money to your friends
are you kidding me or outright lying? the gop healthcare bill will cost some 23 millions their coverage and reduce taxes for the very rich!
Hey, Turtleman!  FOAD!
Why can't GOP stand together and get this done. We will lose so many seats if GOP doesn't keep its promises.
I think think of forms of bacteria that have a better sense of morality than you and your cohorts in crime.  Karma please do your thing.
Mitch McConnell, it raises premiums, lowers quality of care and kicks off MILLIONS. U are a pathological liar like TRUMP. #monster
Ur job is easy. All u have to do is type whatever fantasy comes to mind.
you're the actual worst.
You are clueless and Americans are not stupid! This bill takes insurance away from millions! How can you look at yourself in the mirror?
GREEDY BOTTOM FEEDERS
How is

As someone who benefited from these programs as a child with polio, how can you gut them today? #MarchofDimes
ENTITLEMENT. these clowns actually think all benefits r  going to "undeserving, lazy black &  brown pple who want free stuff from th gov't."
.McConnellPress what CBO report did you read? Would you give up your plan & join Trumpcare? Why did you make yourself exempt? SAD!
At the cost of 22 million American lives.
**reduces premiums, deficit, middle class, taxes
No it does not this bill is digusting vote you guys out out out
Liar !!! What a shameful man you have become!!!!! 
You might want to remember what it is like to be sick!!!!!!!!!
The Senate health bill reduces premiums to $0 for the 22 million Americans likely to lose their insurance coverage.
Your bill sucks.  You care nothing about the American people.  Time for you to step down!
Is going to be fun in 2018 and 2020 to vote these crooked lying Republicans out of office.
You are a horrible evil human. Working in secret; refusing to meet with healthcare stakeholders.#NoTrumpCare #HellerVotesNo
How can you sleep at night?
Yes this will turn it blue then ne won't sleep at night. What a bully!
Now what, Turtle? Going to kill the 22 million yourself?
RESIST !!!!!!
Huge tax breaks for insurance companies and pharmaceutical.   22 million more without healthcare.  DEATH CARE BILL !!!
YOU'RE a LYING HYPOCRITE! And I hope whn your buddy Trump goes down he takes YOU with him! LEAVE MY HEALTHCARE ALONE! Aren't YOU RICH ENOUGH
Lies lies and more lies
Not true
How about giving us Americans your health care...and you can have the shity one
How do you reconcile your faith and call yourself a Christian?  Liar,  murderer, and rapist of Americans is more like it.
Also the number of people with insurance.
Too bad about the increase in death, right?
How about Congress? You try having what we get, you'll change your mind quick
Bullshit. This bill is the death knell for the lower and middle classes. Financial@and literal death. It's practically genocide.
SHAME ON YOU McCONNELL. You are a despicable man and you better hope you never have a chronic medical condition.  You know better.
McConnell it's time you and your cold heart gets out of Washington.
McConnell is one of the WORST Senators ever elected. Why is McConnell's wife allowed to work in Trumps Cabinet ? CONFLICT OF INTEREST !!
Yes it does because they will all be dead from lack of medical care.
No, Sir. You are killing the sick & the poor, putting decent healthcare out of reach. Shame on you & any GOP yes vote. #CBOSCORE  #CBO
And coverage for 22 million of your fellow Americans.
I can see why those 6 republicans would have a problem with this.  Just vote it in...
It's so good, House and Senate will change their insurance plans to match. All politicians will switch to private insurance market
Need flash: McConnell-care has death panels, shortens life spans, increases misery, cuts taxes on the rich and inc coal jobs. ThnxCommander
REPEAL & REPLACE MITCH McCONNELL! #RepealAndReplace #RepealAndReplaceMcConnell #RepealAndReplaceMitch #GOPkillsAmericans
YES PLEASE
Kill People, Mains, Mutilates people's lives, babies, children, elderly, etc. Act human, not like an animal
How convenient to leave out the 22 mil more uninsured and the medical community not endorsing it
Oh Duke of Death, now you're just making up stories. Maybe that's true for 3-4 people, but the poor & eldery, not so much. It hurts too many
Serious consequences when you remove them from existing healthcare. Orange sphincter just wants a WIN. He doesn't care what's in the bill. 
No surprise Mitch, YOUR self serving  bill sucks as bad as your love of the Coal Industry donor $$$...
CBO:  senate health bill reduces affordable care for the most vulnerable Americans.  I call bullshit.
so pass it.  we cant move forward staying where we are. thanks
Why did you have the handicapped people roughed up for? They only wanted to talk healthcare. Couldn't look them in the eye's and say truth!
Bullshit.
INCREASING deductibles, selling junk policies will make premiums go down. Only u consider 250k middle class.
Remember what "Middle Class" is America!  250,000 a year.  Millions are going to lose health care.  And most Americans will not see tax cuts
And kicks 20 million people off of health insurance. So much for being "pro life". Hypocrites!
Yes it does all those things by having 22 million people uninsured
Now that is FAKE NEWS. Tweet should be GOP wants to kick 22m ppl off healthcare to give tax break to top 1%
Stop....this is Horrifying for America.
Somehow I don't believe you.
Sen. McConnell lies, lies, lies, lies, and lies again. While Americans die.
You will be killing people with this bill. Despicable.
If CBO is right about 22 million losing health coverage under Senate plan, who comprises that 22 mil? Illegals? Those who ruined own health?
Odd that's not what I read!  You must be reading the fantasy book of DT's.  You have no heart or soul!  Get out of office now.
Wow ! What a lying piece of 
Reduces taxes on wealthy, throws 22 million off Medicaid. 

Does it require equal coverage for those w pre existing?
Hm?

Please be honest.
I don't want benefits at the expense of my parents. I will be their age someday!
Alternate facts! Retired, fixed income, senior with pre-existing condition. Should I just go ahead and die?
Wrong. It rips Healthcare from Us while providing a tax cut to the wealthy. Deceitful. Endangering lives for Greed. #GOPdeathBill

GOT THAT RIGHT
I believe Mitch has TURTLE BRAIN.  what a joke.  Mitch should keep a better eye on his father n law.
WHY NOT INCOME BASED HEALTHCARE?. AFFORDABLE 4 ALL AMERICANS AS PROMISED. RICH &POOR PAY SAME % of income = AFFORDABLE CARE.
that's EXACTLY what I've been saying! It's so obvious! Everyone, no loopholes for wealth, pays the same! 5%, 7%?
49 million will be without insurance and all so the rich can get a tax break. Mitch McConnell needs to be voted out of office.
Bring back public hangings!
can I chose the first 3?
Yes.
ok: DT, MM, PR (don't want to be accused of treason!)!
Toss in MP while you're at it.
Excellent! Now pass the damn thing!
Middle class tax reduction?Ha Ha UR TRUMPCARE IS A TAX CUT 4 THE TOP 400 RICH FAMILIES IN THE US TO THE TUNE OF $7MILLION A FUC***G YEAR.
What happened to your oath of #FullRepeal? "Ripping #Ocare out by its roots." You are NO better than the Democrats....you're both liars!
People will die from your health care bill. Elderly will be kicked out of nursing homes.Kids won't have coverage. Womens needs won't  be met
DEFICIT REDUCTION OFF THE BACKS OF DISABLED,SICK,OLD&POOR!
It's no mystery Democrat plan is probably,most likely,maybe better only it's location.
U lyin POS.PREMIUM REDUCTION BASED ON HORSESH** COVERAGE.
ALL  IN FAVOR OF 1% SUPER RICH AND SCREWS THE MIDDLE CLASS.. HAVE THE @GOP AND THAT THUG @realDonaldTrump  TO THANK FOR THIS
And kicks 22 million people off of insurance. You are absolutely heartless
And leaves them without health care that they can afford.  Seems like you left this part out
Jeremiah: "praise the Lord, for he has rescued the poor from the power of the rich.." hope that you too will help the poor as the Lord did?
Reality: Senate bill endangers the weakest, cuts taxes for the wealthy and guts Planned Parenthood, which is exactly what you wanted. Gross
Yeah.  Alternate facts here.  Go to he!!.
Nope kicks 22 million off insurance
1 Prem red eaten up by less credits
2 Deficit reduction only if you don't give $$ to someone else
3 Tax reduction favor exclusively wealthy
Bullshit
