union payoff ny Taxpayers to get WVA Senator ote Joe M
Such a small part of the population.  I hope the new AHCA protects benefits for all. Otherwise ... hypocrisy abounds.
What about mine?
Absolutely unacceptable you vote for a certain subset of Americans (coal miners) to get guaranteed healthcare and not ALL Americans!!!
Focus on training coal miners in the renewable industry, that way they'll have jobs well into the future, not just till coal is obsolete
You have no business taking credit for this
Yeah while you are busy stripping healthcare from everyone else.
Absolutely disgusting that you support guaranteed healthcare for a subset of Americans but not for all
You can help coal miners by teaching them to work on solar and wind energy.
Wow, didn't you use it as leverage to get one of the GOP's pet projects thru? Always the spin master
@rushlimbaugh @seanhannity @LouDobbs @realDonaldTrump Please start sending Tweets to Mitch to change rules back to 51% and #MAGA NOW!
DISGUSTING how you support a subset of Americans getting guaranteed healthcare but not for all!
But black lung disease is pre-existing and corrupt @GOP don't allow that. You are one lying hypocrite
How about job training since theirs is obsolete!
So, if I understand, only coal minors and politicians deserve healthcare?
Umm you didn't do this stop taking the credit for someone else's work!
Now that coal mining is almost obsolete you pretend to care about their health.
And what about the rest of us? Why do miners get insurance? Isn't that BIG Government interference?
You sir are a liar!
You never wanted to appeal Obamacare. You are a phony who will say anything to get elected. YOU ARE THE SWAMP!
What coal miners?
Arby's employs more people than the coal mining business.
My great grandfather was in the whale oil industry, when are you going to bring those jobs back? Maybe revitalize the asbestos industry
How you ppl lie. You'll cut their hearts out if you can and you know it. I believe only one word you utter. "Yuh"
So you admit #ACA is the best.
The REAL losers in 2017: The Republican Party. 2018 is not very far away.
U r a HACK !!!
What a minuscule accomplishment.
Keep Gov out of health. Not your job!
All 35 -  dirty energy.  You must not have any children or grandchildren as you don't care about the Earth!
What about your war on renewable energy??? Or your war on breathable air???
Who did the fighting, Mitch?  Bet it wasn't you.
But it's totally fine if people with pre-existing conditions don't. Interesting.
Start small.   now let Obama care alone.  If miners can have health care so should all Americans
If only you could dedicate some of your energy to building a future for them and their children...
Sen McConnell cannot possibly believe in Hell after that string of lies. He opposed extending benefits in December, even w/ shutdown threat.
You know there are more workers in this country besides coal miners.
How about Health Care for ALL Americans?
You weren't fighting Drmoctats; just greedy Republicans on the payroll of Corporate Interests who thought they could get away with this
I see you got something out of the deal to take home nuclear option needed
MCCONNELL DIDNT DO SHIT!! The DEMOCRATS got you health care!!
Awesome! Now let's apply the same principle to every Americans' healthcare #SinglePayer
Mitch why has it so long to help the miners, you are truly worthless
Too bad their jobs have an expiration date.
Mitch stop with the lying!You want to repeal ACA now you are pretending you care. Pressure from constituents& @Sen_JoeManchin made it happen
Time to go home Mitch! Chuck's in charge here!
Does this mean I am paying for their healthcare? Why is that fair?
Nice that you all care so much for miners, but you show a cruel disregard for many of the rest of us. Why is that? @SpeakerRyan
How about the 500,000 people that have lost their retail jobs? Why are a few coal miners more important?
If coal mining is so dangerous they need special health benefits, maybe try to build safer jobs options?
Coal is an old technology.  Coals life cycle is over. You need to look at new clean technology such a solar , wind, etc.
Sure they will... #GOP is full of crap.
Protecting your constituents but not protecting Americans who gave YOU & @GOP massive victories nation wide. That's sick psycho DC... #MAGA
Great-What about my #healthcare ?What about #FullRepeal #Obamacare ?What about nuking the filibuster?What about Promises Made Promises Kept?
Another sign of your immortality.  You want to keep them working in an unhealthy environment but you want to make sure they have healthcare?
You're a traitor. Resign now.
Wait, didn't you block that while Obama was in office?
Thanks to the persistence of the Democrats. You would've swept them right off the bargaining table, let's be clear about that. CORRUPTION.
Why did you fund sanctuary cities and planned parenthood?
Yes they will all have jobs producing energy nobody wants and black lung that They won't have insurance to cure
Wonderful! Now focus on building the wall!!!
sadly this will be believed. no convincing ignorant  #trumpers of the truth. the only way to defeat stupidity is #powerInNumbers
I'm so frustrated with GOP leadership I could scream!! We put you in charge of all 3 branches and yet you always cave in. DNC wins!!! 2018!!
Only your state believes U care about anybody but yourself. Its so obvious you're working on getting re-elected. Gullible are U constituents
Thank all those opioids....
How about a comprehensive health care bill that benefits All families and All workers #NoMoreGames
Thanks to Bernie Sanders who started this fight MONTHS AGO!
Actually you asshats were using healthcare for miners as a bargaining chip. Your boy Mick just bragged about it.
Trump's budget director brags that the Trump administration held miners' health care in limbo to extract concessions from Democrats 
Mine work is like holding on to an old pair of shoes pointless. Time to educate on new energy and give them a leg up! Invest in future
You and @SpeakerRyan sold us out and I will do everything I can to vote the @GOP out. No difference with a Dem. Majority.
Turtle-man
You didn't fight for them you used them as leverage against the Dems.
You sir are a liar. You delayed the miner's health care resolution as bargaining chip! You now seek to take credit,  Corrupt, Cover-up !
Need to have a one on one with Lindsey Graham. He is now a voice for Dems.
Good.  And rest of the Country?  You've admitted this is a costly and high risk job - then STOP USE OF COAL.
Truth is YOU were going to let this deadline to help Miner's pass and only acted when issue embarrassed you B/C of news coverage
But you've gotten rid of safety regulations and any healthcare for coal miners should be paid for by the coal companies.
@SpeakerRyan Too bad Ur budget bill doesn't fight to keep promises 2 Nov. Voters. #DefundPP #BuildThatWall #defundsancturaycities FedUpVoter
Is this bill on: Betacongress@gov?
Old man you don't give a shit about people it's your party that is uppermost in your tiny mind. We vote and you lose. We persist!
Why is Obamacare still here? You promised Repeal and Replace if you had both chambers of Congress and the WH. You have it but we get nothing
Glad for this, Senator.  What about protections for pre-existing conditions for the rest of America? Are you cherry picking?
So, why are their benefits more important than the benefits for the rest of us? #CorruptBastard
We KNOW that u did not fight a LONG time for coal miners. U have never fought for any of us. WE ARE NOT STUPID like u think. 
Bot your doing McConnell
It's public record that u have not fought for mine worker pensions & healthcare. Some Dems & Reps in KY worked together without ur support.
#BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall  #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall
AMEN... nailed it, THANKS
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Shouldn't you also let them know you didn't support their healthcare. It was the other Senator? A Democrat?!
Build the WALL  !!
But Sen. McConnell - a half-man, half-tortoise - would then be unable to leave the US. He would be in a turtle-like enclosure.
This is something that could have been added to the #ACA over the past 7 years.  you have been playing politics with Miners Health. #resign
huh, so you mean I am losing investment money??? Ho hum there goes the yacht??? #burnblair
Thank you, @SenateDems

No thanks to you
Yeah, because coal is going to make a big comeback right? What a crock of shit. It doesn't bother you to lie right to these miners faces?
Mitch what was your contributions to this?  Absolutely nothing right?  Hey good job on #merrickgarland SCOTUS hearings as well.  #noleader

Thank you.
Why does only a subset of Americans get healthcare benefits?! Why not ALL Americans? Please explain to taxpayers.
Great. How about everyone else in the country? They deserve healthcare too.
God u r so behind.
You should give credit where it's due—to Democrat @Sen_JoeManchin, who lead a lonely fight on behalf of miners.
That should have been done a long time ago and You should have seen it was done
Merrick Garland
Good God give it up. You lost, it's over. Tweet this to Hilary over and over again.
U better start supporting the wall, repealing ACA, and standing up to Dems idle threats....shutting down govn is fine w us...stand strong!
Like you did anything to help them? What a joke
Complicit Corrupt McConnell, dirty from head to toe
Don't forget FILTHY RICH too
what if they have preexisting condition like black lung mitch can you pinky swear they will be covered
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/855795334169059328 …
Putin interfering with our elections, seems to be permanent also

#Trumprussia

The only 2016 @POTUS agenda item U've accomplished is SCOTUS, failed in everything else. REVOKE FILIBUSTER RULE AND PASS @POTUS AGENDA !!!!
Thank you Democrats for getting this done for the mine workers.

Verified : you're a slithering lying snake and a traitor
You're protecting a corrupt and dangerous president
All while you are trying to take away the healthcare of millions of others. #NoTrumpCare  #ACA
