no she's not. please don't talk to us like we're idiots.
as long as they are not special needs or have learning disabilities.  No I.D.E.A about what F.A.P.E is.
I do not believe this to be true!
are you fucking kidding me bro??
Only time will tell!
that's a lie.

and I'm committed to building an atomic car. Wishin' ain't fishin' douche!
is that why to silenced Coretta Scott King? You are shamful.

Just going to leave this right here.   
Devos is a joke. GOP could not offer one salient point regarding her qualifications. Disgusting. You do not have a mandate.
Is that 
Satire?
Um, she just bought her position. I think everyone is aware she is completely unqualified. #obvious
Do your grandkids go to public school? shame...shame...shame....
corrections she was confirmed to mess up the education of the children
her position was bought with campaign donations. Very corrupt. Sad.

.@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov DeVos bought her seat. You, sir, lie.  #NeverNormalizeTrump #DeVosIsIncompetent
how does it feel to just appoint the most unqualified education secretary ever, but the richest $$
Exactly how much did that unqualified cow pay u for ur vote? Wait for  next election. U r done.
NO SHE'S NOT.
Stop the SWAMP, NO more millionaires! Real people, real qualifications! REAL INTERVIEWS! #resist
Hey @McConnellPress!
How cool! DeVos gave you lots of money and you voted for her. 
Thanks for showing us what corruption looks like.
true true true

Nonsense. Kill the department with this incompetent. Shame on you!
DeVos is a rich contributor to your corrupt government. Guns for grizzly bears?
.@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov You are on the wrong side of history. God help us all. #letlizspeak #NEVERNORMALIZETRUMP
Mcconnell, turkey neck, you have just cost millions of poor kids a good education thru public schools-
she gave you all hundreds of thousands of reasons to vote for her. #CORRUPTION
She is supremely unfit for the job. She bought the position and, Mitch, is a liar and obstructionist
liar!
NO SHE IS'NT. I was a teacher and have followed her hearings.
let Senator Warren speak.
I call bullshit! Paying $50k per head for confirmation in a gov position is called bribery!
No justification for allowing this position to clearly be bought and paid for.She is beyond unqualified
This is a joke right? Betsy is the most unqualified person for a cabinet position EVER!
DeVos is clearly unqualified and seeks to monetize U.S. children and their education. Terrible choice!
A deplorable lie. For shame.
DeVos IS UNQUALIFIED SHE BOUGHT HER POSITION 
YOU SOLD OUT THE COUNTRY

GOP if CORRUPT. We will remember that you chose power and politics over children.
If she were committed to that, she would resign immediately.
You are not working for the people Cabbage Patch Grandpa.  Leave
epic fail. Devos is not good for education
how much did she pay you old man .
http://time.com/4663497/coretta-scott-king-letter-warren-senate-sessions/ …
Actually no.  She is committed to robbing taxpayers of their money and to dismantling democracy.
#LIE
Stop selling this BS she as no clue about education-she can't even put her own words together. IDIOT
Betsy DeVos may be okay person but she is unqualified to lead education. Appears totally ignorant.
good to know good ole fashion values like bribery and cronyism define our democracy today
DeVos bought her position. You all know she is UNQUALIFIED. #shameonyou
Yes, every school will be safe from grizzly bears. Some mascots betters hide. #resist
and she's even going to l earn to read!! yippee!
even though she is not an educator, has never written educ policy and has no governing experience.
yea she's clearly not qualified for the position, doesn't support our public education system #fail
Kentucky please vote this pain in the ass out next round
Liar! Illiterate Devos PAID to have a cabinet position!
Committment ≠ Ability
based on what experience or intelligence?! #disgrace
So messed up! Stop doing horrible things in the name of your party! What is going on is wrong & u know it! Trump is a liar!
Sessions does not care about ALL Americans; Warren is right!
bullshit.  Keep the poor uneducated.   That's her MO.  SHAME ON YOU ALL!
devos is a demon just like you. How much did you get for your soul turtle man


She's an uneducated billionaire who will dumb down American. You need to be FIRED. God help your soul.
She's even more unqualified than @realDonaldTrump is for prez.
is NOT qualified and bought this position. Disgraceful. Will you get richer from private schools??
NO, SHE IS LOOKING FOR MONEY AND A FUNDAMENTAL RELIGIOUS AGENDA AND SO ARE YOU. WE ARE WOKE.
She is way too dumb to be Secretary of Education.  Republicans hate kids!  U went 4 Amway!
You are hypocrite Mitch McConnel. You need to retire.
is a joke. As an educator, I am appalled. But don't worry, I see who voted for her and will keep that in mind.
McConnell has no BALLS!


Fascism enabler.
No she isn't and you know this. Money talks. Follow the money.
don't insult the American people. She bought that position and you were well paid! #RepublicanDisgrace
Mitch not even in the top ten. Cheap date. Sad!
you're delusional if you believe that!
what a joke?!?  What did she pay you to say that?
enjoy that check she cut you...you have no shame
DeVos is corrupt & clueless re education. Nice to see she has a friend in you, though. #shame #sellout
Another swamp nominee.  Maybe if she invested that $200 million in education instead of GOP coffers.
Betsy DeVoss  is a corrupt , counterfeit christian whose as mean as they come. Just like you
What a joke!!!
what future? that my son can't get ahead educationally? cause that's what's going to happen.
hmmm, house turned in bill to eliminate DOE.  shameful. today we guaranteed our race to stupidity.
Nice try, but you we know you were bought for $36,400
This woman sucks.  She will not know what to do.  She is too dumb!
really??
she is only interested in pushing her views down our throats.
keep lies coming!
Seriously? You are supposed to Work for the people.
SHAME ON YOUR GREED. She is a billionaire that has NO place in GOVERNMENT!
There goes our American public school system.  You should be ashamed of yourself.
delete your account
are u living in a parallel universe..no she won't,no experience,shame on u guys
she bought her seat--she'll be head of a department she doesn't even believe in.  No nothing!!!

it's his wife


and prayer back in classroom. Not against in church & need with this crew.

BS she only cares about making education for profit You are a disgrace to this country
I understand politics & that @BetsyDeVos donated the GOP a lot of money but was it worth selling out our children's future?
Did you listen to your voters??? Who are you supposed to represent?  DeVos was a 'No' vote!
how much has she donated to each senator that voted for her.  GOP has become the party of hate and evil
pay to play. Drain the swamp!!!
what a joke the GOP has become.  Run some polls and see how much your hated.   HATED
Betsy has no qualifications except $$$. You have no ethics.
How? Does she have any ideas other than extracting the money and replacing it with Jesus?
I'm a teacher in Kentucky and this is BULL!! SHE IS NOT QUALIFIED! SHE BOUGHT YOUR VOTE! Disgusting!!
You're nuts. She'll attempt to make it over as failing charter schools that suck up all available cash.
holding you to it!
Assuring that Republican children will be far dumber and less-educated than those of the past. So sad.
based on what do you say this? All the evidence I see points towards epic failure
History will judge what you have done today.  I hope it will be kind to you. #TheResistance
you should be ashamed of yourself . America is watching u put self before country.  Rise up and RESIST
Lying isn't a good look for you.
only concerned re their seat in Congress.  Afraid of Trump and base
you are all disgraceful
Please stop lying without shame. It's disgusting.
you have no balls McConnell. No balls to do what's right. No balls to come out of the closet



should be ashamed. I am for u all and won't forget
LIES.
Devos=disaster. Remember the voters in our state? The poorly educated ones due to a broken system, they thank you. #resist
YOU ARE $$$ HUNGRY FOOLS
bull pucky.   It's politics you care nothing about our kids or our citizens
only got position by paying you and the rest of the Congress
You know that whole statement is crap!
Truly laughable
shame on you!
Remember that every time you see ppl from Lee, Owsley, and Mercer counties, McConnell.
bullshit! #DumpDeVos
NO!  She is NOT qualified!  Please, for once, listen to America? #NoOnDeVos
Should say,  Committed to destroying our system so that every child will attend her for profit school.
literally are you high
Pathological LIAR
I hope when Mitch voted he was thinking about what was best for EDU in this country including the students in Estill County
Bullshit.
Are you kidding? She didn't even KNOW abt fed law protecting disabled kids. This dumb pick is on you.
- you guys are the ultimate sellouts. I don't know how you sleep at night. Shame on you and the GOP.
will never vote for you people again shame on you
How much is her family contributing  to @GOPSenate? Are those her qualifications?
#DitchMitch!  #Openly campaigning against Mitch every chance I get.  $ over the children!  #/shame!
@Bets DeVos @use reason to work against the maj  Senate leader support of DeVos & silence of warren Warren
fake news.  Put your people first before your party. Dark $ buys cabinet post!!! No
LIAR
No.
No she hasn't.
