Maybe you guys should start participating in the LAW! You can't or won't come up with a better plan. If you could you would have! #simple
At least @SenateGOP had the honesty to put the statement in quotes, since the whole "death spiral" thing isn't true.
Everything they said can be better perfected within the Existing Law. There's no reason 4 repeal/replace, and they ALL know it. #Politics
So U then ask yourself why are they doing this? Just to get rid of the name that they tapped Obamacare? Because Trump wants his name on it?
The GOP wants to cut taxes and protections. They're interested in protecting insurers/donors. They aren't really interested in healthcare.
The @GOP has never been interested in HC for the American people. 
They want to just throw any bill together & claim repeal/replace victory.
About that.
What a bunch of non achievers! You have 8 years for ALL of @GOP to agree all together on a health plan and you have nothing. Pathetic!
Obamacare is still surviving. Trumpcare is already DEAD! @realDonaldTrump @EVERYONEisLAUGHINGatYOU
.@SenateGOP If you don't get your act together & discipline your rogue members YOU will be in an election death-spiral. @SenateMajLdr sucks
Wasting years to decades of Americans lives with your incompetence High cost of Living,taxing everything.49% Americans die broke.Is Criminal
I'm very upset with backstabbing republicans I won't vote for another one of you if you don't start backing Trump!
And you're determined to make it worse. #2018isComing #ThePeopleAreWatching #GodisWatching #GOPCareKills #LoveThyNeighbor
So THAT'S why you want to throw 23 million Americans off their health insurance and give a huge tax cut to millionaires.
Actually, millionaires will have their taxes increased. Only 10mil are currently on ACA. Not a scintilla of truth in your tweet.
Only the rich will get a tax cut from Trumpcare&Trump supports it! 24 Million will lose insurance!!The GOP & Trump doesn't care about us!
The GOP WILL BE IN A DEAT SPIRAL IF U DONT FIGHT HARDER FOR TRUMP ..U WILL PAY  IN 2018 TRUMP VOTERS WILL SIT OUT THE ELECTION
God, I miss that man. Pres.Obama was SMART, compassionate, classy & smooth.  Unlike Trump, McConnell and lil boy Ryan. Come back to usOBAMA
I agree. Let's see you get rid of it.
7 to 9 years to research and come up with solution and nothing. Don't look back in history to see Laws passed that made healthcare expensive
Quit blamingand start fixing
We are dying because of Obamacare .. when you sleep at night think about us who are sick and can't get a doctor to take this crap ..
#FullRepeal  get the government out of my healthcare
SOOO DO YOUR JOB..ELETIST SWAMP THING!!
Just remember, it's Trumps fault!
He lied
LEAD, FOLLOW, OR GET OUT OF THE WAY!
And yet it's business as usual! No worries for you swampers since obama gave Congress/Staff 72% subsidy for Obamacare. This is Criminal!
As Republicans keep saying REPLACE we will be stuck w/ Oshitnocare. Get your heads out of your asses & get rid of that Unconstitutional mess
ALL LIES. Pappy McConnell is trying his best to lie his way out of the hole he's dug himself into with his stupidity. Stop stealing ACA $$'s

STOP WITH THE REPLACEMENT SHIT!!! WE VOTED REPUBLICANS IN TO RESTORE OUR OLD SYSTEM AND MAKE THAT SYSTEM BETTER!! NOT REPLACE SHIT SHOWS
By not having anything in 7 to 9 years wasted time. You validate the comments below mine. Why in God's name do we pay you executive salaries
Corporate greed and no protections against corporate greed and price fixing caused premiums to go up
.@GOPLeader YOUall have some set of balls 2say @POTUS is applying undue pressure to get health reform. WTF were u doing 8 yrs?Learn to work
2/ good, affordable,accessible health care for all,even for those with pre existing conditions. Not to give the super rich more tax breaks!!
1/Potus is increasing destabilization with his tweets re:not paying subsidies. You are making it worse by not doing what you owe the people

Then get something done about it tired of all the talk, action get something passed or sit down and shut up
McCain let us down completely! Give him the boot from all committees that he is on! He is not a republican at all! Get it done! Force him!
ENOUGH!! t to work  w/ DEMS FIX!!
So do something about it. We're tired of hearing about the problem without solutions. We hired you to solve the problem, do your jobs.
Perhaps u shld stop actively sabotaging the law, in contravention of YOUR F*CKING OATH OF OFFICE. Just a thought. You break it, you own it.
You. Had. SEVEN. Years.
Maybe it's the pillow you're holding down on its face.
That's a lie and you know it. Shane on you.
Death spiral created by Trump & GOP THREATENING collapse. Try bipartisan approach. Fix ACA vs ripping h/care away from millions for tax cuts
The approval for repeal of ACA was 18%. What part of that math don't you understand? Geesus.
You are nothing short of liars, cheats and theives. You swore to uphold the law of the land. DO YOUR JOB.  Vote em out 2018.
And you want to give insurance companies the option to bring back pre-existing condition exclusions & lifetime caps. That's not health care!
But you want the option of cheap insurance that doesn't really insure people.
That's bull, and you know it. More importantly, the American people know it,
Stop already. The American ppl have spoken. Bipartisan committee to fix ACA is what we want.
Bull $hit! We know who the saboteurs are and it is YOU @GOP. Back off. Take the loss and work with @TheDemocrats
This is from 2016 but still applicable.
This is propaganda. Tell the truth. 1/5 of the ACA is under performing. That is not a death spiral.
Why did you take away 60 majority vote. What an injustice. With DEMS calling themselves REPUBLICANS you will never achieve 51 majority.
So why are crybaby dems saying it's all President Trump or GOPs fault?
Republicans had 7+ years to put a plan together-based on fear, you put a plan together in a week that didn't protect the people.
45 won't let healthcare go bc it's all about the money. Wants those tax cuts to the rich rolled back. Work for little American MOVE ON
ACA will only fail if you force that by withholding subsidies for insures. Please work for the American people and fix ACA.
64 percent said they wanted to keep Obamacare, either "entirely as is" or after fixing "problem areas." Get it?
Trump's agenda and Turkey necks sgenda is to get rid of everything Obama did whether it's good for us or not
Stop lying ... ?The republicans are sabotaging it on purpose to try to make it fail
Then fix it. Take your 'ideas' and put them to good use. Don't let it fail or 2018 will be a very sad year for GOP
If Obamacare fails, the GOP will be in a death spiral in 2018
Get the budget passed & go back to work on healthcare. If I accomplished so little it would be dereliction of duty for me. @HouseGOP
That goes for the Dems, too. They are hurting working Americans who need decent healthcare for their families.
Keep lying. We all know the biggest threat to Obamacare is the WH actively sabotaging it. Hope you run again so I can vote against you!
It's Republicans who are in a death spiral.  Let's speed it up!
You should be ashamed of yourself! Like children, "it's their fault" You can all kiss your seats goodbye if you don't work for the 99% vs 1%
Perhaps next time you guys will listen to the American people and not Wall Street and the insurance industry.. feel so sorry for you....
@SenateGOP lies bc their voters believe anything they hear on the talking screen, even when they have insurance through ACA. #followthemoney
And your inability to keep your promise of a full repeal will cost you at the ballot box in 2018 and beyond. Primary you ALL.
My God, you liars still don't get it, do you. Let's hope the GOP is in a death spiral.
All politicians be immediately placed on Obamacare including John McCain!! Sign order now!
You the GOP are failures. You are the swamp. You lied to millions of your voters and have failed millions of Americans. @SenJohnThune
Without a doubt, you are a liar. All that comes out of your mouth is a lie and your mother would wash your mouth out with soap. Liar.
The people have spoken. Trumpcare, would be worse. YOU'd get the millions in tax credit. Nice try but you should of worked  w/ Schumer.

The ACA is fine. It would work better if you people stopped trying to sabotage it. And, together w/Dems, you could improve it even more.
@SenateMajLdr You & yr buds have sabotaged it every step of the way. As healthcare pro, I'm appalled at your actions & POS bill!
Thanks tothe Washington Wimps Americans will continue to suffer.
You spelled "Conservative Republicans" wrong...
And sadly you can't find anything better even after 8 years to do so, sad. And @potus is throwing the @SenateGOP,  @HouseGOP umder the train
Repeal it
@lajacks13 ..Affordable Care Act was rejected and impeded because it gave Americans better healthcare. Now stop whining and fix what U broke
REPEAL THE REPUBLICANS
Lies.
Lies, lies,http://lies.You  have sabotaged O care. Ive gone from a Repub to hating the party of lies and no values.NEVER REPUB AGAIN
When you speak it's like watching the toilet overflow after a #2!
The only real solution is to vote out all incumbents and replace with newbies not entrenched in party politics. We the people STAND UP!
Don't forget those of us who don't want Govt ran healthcare....they can't run current Govt agency as is due to all the corruption allowed!
It's simple Mitch. Obamacare is fundamentally good and it can be made better. Get out of the way and let the grown ups work.
Just spitballing but, maybe you can come up with fix after lunch today and ram it through tonight?
"Health Care Freedom Act"? Freedom to suffer, freedom to go without medications, freedom to go bankrupt from medical bills & freedom to die!
"THe #GOP is in a death spiral. It's led to wealthier senators, higher taxes, and fewer options for people in this country."
Lie, lie, lie, lie, fail. This is no way to try to govern.
Because of your sabotage. Black Guy is gone. Voters won't be bamboozled by your B.S. anymore. Sad.
No the GOP tried 2 create death spiral by taking ACA away now fix it. Require all ins co 2 participate =lower costs for all
We know this! You know this! REPEAL! If u really need to do something, cover those who can't afford it. Not Everyone.
The insurance companies operate on a profit margin. Until it's regulated, healthcare will continue to be fucking expensive.
Obamacare, greatest con forced on Americans. Let dems take ownership of its failure & refusal to work w/republicans to provide alternatives
WRONG!
Let die move onto TAX RELIEF!!!!!!!!
you're all cowards, and would rather suck at the party teat than do the right thing and risk not getting elected again.
lie.
Dishonest.  Disloyal.  Republican party in 2017.
Those without insurance are surely on a "death spiral".

@SenateMajLdr You don't get to blame Democrats. #YouOWNthis... you own this Mitch McConnell you want create a new narrative. 
Good job undermining the system,  Guess you want to see millions die so you can win.  Good Job, hope you feel good about this.
Such a hypocrite
Please present a viable solution that serves all Americans. Remember your oath of office. Politics aside. Fix healthcare COSTS not insurance
Too bad you never tried to act like a statesman- but John Macain will always be remembered as one.  Karma is amazing-better change yours
And yet everyone I know is better cared for than ever...what am I missing?
Thats a fake news lie that only  misinformed ignorant people are dumb enough to believe!
Well, just tack all of us onto the Senate and Representatives Insurance Policies. We'll take that!
IMPORTANT. CBO finds repeal bill will drive up premium 20% higher EVERY SINGLE YEAR.

Not just once. EVERY year.

Too bad that in 7 years you never came up with a way to amend it to be better for all Americans.
#GOPDeathSpiralContinues
https://youtu.be/p5ZkdHImCuQ   Well what a bummer to have to send this to describe our US Senate
Serious point: after tonight no Rep will be able to complain that Dems are abusing process, ramming thru legislation when they win control
Lol Well its actually looking like ur plan is in a death spiral. How many times did u guys try to pass ur garbage health care? Had 7 years.
You tanked the ACA with no actual plan. That seems to be working as well as the @WH right about now.
Then get off your asses & get it done! BTW please take off the exemption for Congress, all of you. You don't work hard enough for it!

2 reasons why @GOP is doing this:
#1 A Black man helped pass the ACA
#2 Fat cats aren't quite so fat anymore
I'M PERFECTLY HAPPY WITH MY OBAMACARE! UR PLAN WILL JACK MINE AND EVERYONE ELSE'S CARE WAY UP! DON'T USE MY HARD EARNED TAXES USED ON A WALL
Did anyone hear the political heresy from @LindseyGrahamSC this evening. As far as I'm concerned he just wrote his political obituary.
Lie
The millions of Americans covered under Obamacare will be in a death spiral if your bill passes. But, why would you care?
McConnell is a douche, the leader of douches.
STOP IT!! YOU'RE LYING!!! stop trying to strip away affordable health care for millions - we really need it!! pls try to give a damn!!!
no It's not the #ACA would be fine if you would work with Dems to fix the problems
But whatever you are offering is simply a fraud, said by one of yours.

Lies lies lies
That is a bald-faced lie.
We voted you guys in to Repeal and to pass #MAGA agenda. instead we get a bunch of spineless flip flopping cowards and never trump cucks 
Pass the bill.
You and the GOP have sabotaged the American health care http://system.GOP  Voting on skinny bill&trading American's health 4 a tax cut.
Promise Americans You Will Not Make A #SocialistHealthcare Because Voters Will Never Be Forced To Pay #HoldInsuranceAccountable #EndACA now
@SenateMajLdr @SenJohnThune #trumpdeathcare will cost  those who need  quality of health care. #MakingAmerica sick again
Please do not kill us.  Do not pass this bill.
CBO says your plan takes away coverage from millions and raises premiums and deductibles for millions more. That's. Not. Better.
Not true my family thrives and lives off Obama Care!!!!
Then do something about it.

The former administration had its own weaknesses as well.
ACTUALLY OLD WHITE MEN, 
IT'S U N SO CALLD GOP THAT R N DEATH SPIRAL. ..
U OWN TRUMP, FAMILY N RUSSIAN TERRORST ATTACKS! UR
FINALLY XPOSED!!
REMEMBER: A vote for a Republican's a vote for a selfish greedy incompetent Kleptocrat who wants you to suffer & die
Time to remove the @GOP racist, misogynistic, oligarchy party over ppl platform from Congress. We need honest, 21st century thinking 4 US.
.@SenateGOP Yeah, and you haven't done a damn thing to repeal it. You are USELESS. We elected you for a mission and you've failed us.
How about you guys fix it instead of just tweeting about it?
VOTE NO!
McConnell is singlehandedly destroying the Senate as an American institution. He can bring the Senate back to regular order. Sad! 
this is a complete LIE.  Please don't stoop to Trump's level.  The American people deserve the TRUTH.
Right, "7yrs ago Dems.. imposed Obamacare"
2017 GOP imposes Trumpcare. Millions will suffer with no insurance. @GOP are #corrupt #voteoutGOP
If your windshield gets covered with a layer of bugs, do you Repeal and Replace them? NO! JUST REPEAL! WE DONT WANT OBAMACARE REPLACED
@SenateMajLdr democrats lying skinny repeal will leave 16 million with no insurance, keep up good work on to full repeal
Vote for repeal (skinny or other) and the GOP will be politcally dead for decades! FIX the ACA! #NoRepeal
Thanks to the @GOP party, which would rather see it fail than to help American citizens they swore to represent. SAD!
The truth...?
Michael Steele: "Yes, GOP will own ObamaCare failure" http://hill.cm/sQROaYM  
Hey I think repeal and replace is a great idea for leader McConnell.. repeal and replace him he is weak
AARP! Says vote no a Yes will be told to their 33+M members
https://youtu.be/_UiSMyyj-Ac  https://youtu.be/tbU3zdAgiX8    https://youtu.be/Td4RHvyAFsM 
https://youtu.be/tbU3zdAgiX8   WE are mandated to pay tax for your insurance and Fed employee insurance.. Free us of that you S.O.B.S.
You keep saying the same thing over and over and over.  Fix the damn thing already.  Your repetition isn't convincing us.
I fear @SenateGOP may be in a death sprial as well.  Beyond disappointed in the bunch of . . . trying to clean up language, so will end now.
