Another 1% enabler, Mitch? You vile partisan hack, how is the U.S. reformation into a serf state coming? Shame to you!
Is he also going to lie in his confirmation, also a racist and also doesn't believe in equality?
#Senate #congress Get off your and do more them that!!! Go to work for our #potus!! Dead beats..
You need to support the President and the border wall or you will loose everything next election.
There is NO choice anymore! YOU MUST do NUCLEAR on Legislation! Dems being TOLD to NOT Vote and then SanFran Judges blocking POTUS eo's.
Considering the poor job the AG is doing this doesn't inspire confidence.
Common Mitch your he republican majority leader I mean it's your job to make sure it was done a while ago
GO TO WORK McConnell or next time your ass will be voted out!!!!
Did GOP know about Flynn & his Russian association & nonetheless chose not 2 investigate further, instead nominated him 2 a post? Shame boys
it's about time! You need to get the lead out so our President can do his magic. Get out of his way,but most of all HELP HIM! #BuildTheWall
Defund Santuary Cities and defund Berkley, they do not follow Constitution or represent this country.
Your an embarrassment to KY.
how about ypu do your job and appoint special independent counsel to investigate #Trumprussia #russiagate or r u part of it & hiding? resist
Maybe one day, you'll get around to an actual issue you can be passionate about, instead of elections and appointments.
You are dangerously out of touch.
Use your voice!

#TrumpRussiaCoverup 

Call your Representatives
Demand Answers

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

#Thisisnotnormal
Your candidate.
Time you go behind and supported @POTUS
the senate needs to wake up & do something-someone needs to fight for whats right & quit goofin off!!!
To help with criminal activities Sessions doesn't gave time to commit himself??  #resist #riseup
Turtle . You are a joke
First the Wall Money?  Now Another Lefty Ahole Judge in SF blocking another EO from Trump! Must do NUCLEAR on Legislation or nothing done.
Old coward hypocrite GOP going down
Are you on course to #ImpeachTrump yet?  Because that would be when you actually start doing your job, Turtleneck...
Impeach Trump for what??
another one connected tho Russian, next your be confirming putin himself
So your going to fill @jeffsessions replacement, it's about time!
And that took a 100 days?  Time to move on the @POTUS Agenda
Any word when #MerrickGarland will be confirmed?
Great!! Another piece of scum added to the "leadership" of this country.
Great! But the  pace of confirmations is an embarrassment to GOP! Dems moved much faster when they had power!
And you are proud of what? That the president is reaching his 100 day point, and you all went on vacay w/o all his cabinet confirmed?
The senate Republicans are on track to do whatever you and the Dear Leader tell them to do, Turtle-Boy.
Is HE the person that will finally investigate Russia?
Are you on track to pass the Miners Protection Act? 23,000 to lose health care and pension. 3days!
Hopefully he has a little firmer grasp of contemporary law than Jeff Sessions does.
Can't get any worse then Sessions
#lockflynnup #impeach45 #ryanmustgo
Unconfirmed Sessions please he's evil and mean oh so are you
Mcconell, get Trump under control   Stop his twittering. He is leading us to a war
Is he a Koch $$$ Global Warming denier too?
finally a President who sees our "real" enemies... Canada, you should be so very proud supporting this President
Thank u keep it going!
Let's finish the job on Healthcare!
If the democrats will not come along, make it known
About Time!!
#Attaboy @SenateMajLdr
GET @Potus FUNDING to construct the WALL. If the Dems want to shut down the government (all 8-9% of them) LET THEM. It's on THEM. PROTECT US
Daaa Dems can't shut it down.  That's a Ted Cruz speciality...
Appoint a Special Prosecutor. Trump admin hiding Flynn info,Page guilty of collusion.Trump & Family laundered Russian Oligarch $.Country 1st
THE SENATE IS NOT ON TRACK WITH ANYTHING THAT IS IMPORTANT FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.  LOSER.
RUSSIA,RUSSIA, RUSSIA  DO YOUR JOB!!!!
Thank you to give us information
You are on track to the big house, puppet
When are you going to start working for the American people instead of for the party? You're a hypocritical, selfish, partisan hack
Nailed IT! Thanks
Wow , you guys are moving at a breakneck pace. Only 200 more appointees to go. If any of us worked at your pace we'd be fired by now.
Repubs intimidated by shutdown threat when in minority. Repub's intimidated by shutdown threat when in majority.Why vote for repubs?
When is the last time you can honestly say you did your job Mitch?
Well he did get his ridiculous COAL INDUSTRY back,  & The other day he tweeted he got 25 mil for all his DRUG HAPPY constituents .... wow
Well finally something 4 which u get n attaboy Hopefully he can reign n Peanut KKK Sessions by splaining 2 him treating ALL citizens da same
Maybe he will appoint an independent special investigator for Trump-Russia. You sure as hell aren't since you're crooked as hell
Is the #Senate on track to investigate Russian infiltration of our government?  If not, why not? #TrumpRussiaCoverup
$$$$$$  & more $$$
All out to screw America
How about an independent committee into Trump/Russia collusion, seeing as though the GOP are acting like you've all been compromised
In the mean time Obamacare stays in place. Gee thanks!
Keep up and speed up the good work.
Why aren't you fulfilling your duty as a check & balance on the executive branch,turtle...trump has many conflicts of interest & emoluments
The senate should have already gone down tract & confirmed ALL of Trump's cabinet. We the people aren't happy this process takes so long
Another Guy to protect your corrupt business interests? Or your Wifes? I know you want to stay out of jail over the Russian Connections?
Mitch McConnell: Sad Legacy of Obstruction and Corruption. ,,,,, "Nevertheless she "PERSISTED" Sad Sad little man
Rock on Leader McConnell!  You're the man!  Getting things done!  I love it!
For a Ph D, your not too bright.  Are you a Global Warming denier too?
All outstanding confirmations should be completed this week ! You need to MAKE THINGS HAPPEN!!
TERM LIMITS YOU OLD COOT
Will he start prosecuting you for obstruction?
Why are you dragging your feet on confirming all of #Potus45 nominees? What's going on with tax reform? 
You know we hate you right!?!
You are as evil as your eyes show.
@GOPSenate 
It's almost  days after Trump was sworn in.
And % of Trump's cabinet is still NOT confirmed !
Why ?
This is WRONG folks !
Stop patting yourself on the back and get results for the USA! It's time to get behind POTUS. Do your job and pass the bills?
Senator, many in America are looking to you to lead the entire Congress with working with WH to get something done. You are America's hope.
On TRACK to do something?? The house has sent over 200 bills to the Senate since Jan. You and the Senate must get things done for the   USA!
Another good work. Now let's get rid of this 60 vote cloture rule. There is no good reason for its existence. It will not be reciprocated.
Meanwhile WH filled with traitors!
Anything less than your resignation for the Supreme Court stunt that u pulled don't matter to me, u r considered a Russian lover & supporter
How's the investigation into an enemy Foreign Power owning our Fed Government?
What should be on track is the Trump/Russia investigation...Do your job and stop obstructing the investigation.
The people will not let you get by with your involvement in  #Russiagate! There will be justice for your #corruption! #ImpeachTrump
Why don't you get on track to appoint a bi-partisan select committee to investigate the Russia interference in the 2016 election? RU guilty?
Lefty loons have nothing but dead Russia Russia Russia narrative. Winning!
Ya POLLUTION, Global Warming, Climate Change all winning thanks to Mitch and his Koch Bro money.
Did the check from Moscow clear the bank?
And you're on track to be the biggest failure in #senate history  Clown  #TermLimits
You need to get the funding for the wall we have to do it somehow back your president do with the voters want to build that wall cut Taxes
The rebuilding of the American Gestapo continues.
Get it done.  Health care and Taxes Mitch!
Merrick Garland
Keep up the domestic terror old man.  Your witless greed is destroying America.  Your name will forever be associated with her final demise
Another bigot?
Disgusting
And why in HELL has this taken so long. Can't you Jack-Wagons do more than 1 thing at a time
Certainly hope that he is smarter than THE PERJURER
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Is this another crazy person who took money from Russia?
Investigate Trump & Russia...stop supporting a possible traitor. Stop hurting the country to push your agenda!!! #LastTerm
Senate moving way toooo slow. Need to keep up with POTUS, never make it in real world.
Kentucky people are the ones killing our Democracy, when they vote for you every time you run. Thank God, I'm a sane Kentuckian!
Fund the wall like was promised to us.
Maybe they've learned they have NO OTHER CHOICE because we own Congress!  LMAO!! 
Good to know Senate actually working. When will Burr investigate #Trumprussia? Independent Commission needed ASAP.
Another patsy there to block Russian collusion with the Republican Party to destroy America? #TrumpTreason Trump/Russia #resist
Is he willing to investigate trump/Russia connections?  You & the other coward repubs won't.  Party over country serves you better, right?
Is he going to LIE to the senate like the AG Sessions did?  You confirm LIARS don't you?
TRANSLATION: The #Senate is on track to confirm another incompetent fascist white supremacist… #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
The #Senate is on track to confirm Rod Rosenstein to be Deputy Attorney General.
I sure he was picked to help cover up Russia hacking
About time.

You need to reform the Senate.  Absolutely ridiculous how long these confirmations take.

Ridiculous & dysfunctional
Hope he investigates the heck out of #Trumprussia. BTW did you take any Russian money Mitch?
2 years ago Mitch got 1.9 million from Koch Bros... he's good....
Total sellout.

@Thom_Hartmann listeners have known this for a long time @GOP now ran by @Koch_Industries 
@SenMajLeader now admits
 http://www.politicususa.com/2014/08/27/leaked-audio-tape-mitch-mcconnell-admits-koch-brothers-running-republican-party.html …
Time to kick it into gear & stop procrastinating. If GOP won't rule Dems would love to. Its all they know. Now get some spine Mitch
Have you been getting my messages? #trumprussia
#RESIST
Why are you helping cover up #trumprussia?
We need the wall and tax cuts! Get to work. You guys take too much time off! Work right s should be like our president!
You remind me of my grand father
Good. His first task should be 2 appoint #SpecialProsecutor on #TrumpRussia since u & @GOP refuse 2 protect our democracy & nat. security.
Money launderer. #TrumpRussia 
Slow down, Mitch! Moving this fast after eight years of inactivity could be dangerous. You should at least stretch a bit first.
Is the new deputy AG as mixed up with Russia as Sessions and the rest of #teamKompromat? Asking for a friend.
@All100Senators Very dedicated individual is what I see when doing background success.  Wishing you success deserve it!
Don't worry his 1.9 mil from Koch plus God knows how much from ridiculous COAL industry. I'm  sure Mitch has quite a nice overseas nest egg
You got your Supreme Court justice, can you please start the impeachment proceedings now?
The #Senate is also obstructing a #TrumpRussia investigation into possible treason.

You should be ashamed of yourself all day, every day.
In all my 50 years I've never seen such poor actions from government. @POTUS should have had cabinet before now
Now; I definitely agree with you! The Liberals & Dems are the Obstructionist Party along with Pathetic @SpeakerRyan. Yes I am a Conservative

#fundtheWall or shut down the government. R's are in charge. Stop letting Dems rule. Get a backbone n fight You want r vote in 18 n 20 fight
You should be on track to resign so we can all get to the bottom of #Trumprussia
did you tell him the rules he has to live by? Like everything he does, needs to be cleared by you and Drumph?
Why Mitch McConnell is sabotaging Russia investigation–dark money trail leads right to him–Blavatnikis pals with Putin crony Vekselberg
Yet one more bad idea ,wow
The senate is on track to allow democracy in the US to die. Thanks in large part to you.
is he a racist hack hating on islands too mitch just asking
Hit is ridiculous that it's taken nearly 100 days to get all Trumps appointments confirmed. Same with holdout on Wall funding.
Try doing something good for all Americans, start earning your paycheck, worthless Senator
They need one because little twerp Jeff Sessions lied to Congress and should be in Jail.
Resign. #GOPobstruction
Found a new job yet?
and how is the senate coming on the investigation into Russian interference with our democracy? 

#Clown
Do you think you will serve time in prison?
No but he will retire after 2018 when Democrats win the majority in the Senate with a nuclear option to veto all of Donald's SCOTUS picks.
"...did ya' have to change any RULES this time, Mitch?... <snicker>"
Whatever you say you Russian collaborator
Time to Repeal and Replace the @GOP 
Lap dog!
TRAITOR
Independent investigation into Trump-Russia
Independent investigation into Trump-Russia
Independent investigation into Trump-Russia
Yawn.
Hey goats are cute.
