
Instead of giving 60 percent of new tax cuts to the richest Americans, we should expand the EITC to make up for decades of wage stagnation. 
GAME ON....TILL THE END...
Not okay. Not okay #Cville2dc We must fight for the very soul of democracy here in this country http://www.cville2dc.us  Join us #Impeach45
HRC STILL not POTUS
Your "fearless leader" just told 15,000 transgender servicemen & women their services are no longer needed.   When will you #ImpeachTrump
I agree - their services are NOT needed in combat.  Go home and do your nails.
no one liked your tweet Dave Bass. Something tells  me you've never seen combat?  Perhaps now is your chance?  Please go!
... concentrate on COMBAT, not sexuality. Get your head straight. As far as playing the "peer pressure" card, I care about truth, not likes.
@SenJohnMcCain Might want to ask someone who's been in war.


Not if you're one of the troops, or their families!
...remove trump and his regime. He's unfit to serve! He's also very dangerous! NPDs are capable of mass destruction that Congress 2/3

Ok you win, this is hands down the best tweet I've ever seen describing @SenateMajLdr
Not if Establishment republicans and McMaster can help it
Is there such a thing as "winning" in Afghanistan? Our troop die but for what?
How so?

A white supremacist government at the top. Is this okay. America says no. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #Cville2DC #Impearch45
Should Mitch McConnell Step Down?
Yes96.23% (3,424)
No3.77% (134)

Pardoning Arpaio sends a message that does nothing to protect US from the Russians!
It is your job to do something about trump!  He is destroyering our nation.  DO SOMETHING ... IMPEACH TRUMP for the sake of democracy!!

Really? And what kind of national interests r protected in Iran & Afghanistan?
agreed.
Bc of 0'care my friend's husband is dying from cancer. Unlike the insurance he LOST due to 0-care,it would not cover what he needed.REPEAL!
What's it like to serve a man who keeps throwing you under the bus?
"National Security" - is this codespeak for the CIA creating coups and wars and drug biz to keep the military busy?  Nahhh... couldn't be.
Our country is nearly gone. Country before power. He can only go as far as YOU let him.
STOP THIS
#25thamendment
I hope you make right decision about Wall. 
If Trump can not get Mexico to pay for it, NO wall.
He should pay for it himself! No more LIES!
Nope. Winning does that. Get your politics out of the way and we could actually finish this
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ …
We want our wall!
Really? When are the McConnell and Trump families headed over there, since they know how to fix everything.
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule & go to a simple majority, which the Dems would do, they are just wasting time!
Republicans are waiting...,.,.,,,......
No it don't, it protects quarterly earnings for your donors in the Military industrial complex, and helps terrorists with recruiting.
You need to support trump on n nafta that is why he was elected follow our agenda not yours and your donors u guys were selling us out
But- as a Republican shouldn't you start thinking that God is sending you a message. To save millions of people.
I get it its exciting to think of all those defense contracts & your cut. I have no $ so I understand that need.
No u protecting a bunch of Herion poppie fields GET out of Afganistan! You can't get Healthcare passed
I hope Trump destroys your party.
Stop being such a coward, and stand up to @realDonaldTrump.
Incompetent Senate!!

Mitch Mcconnell was elected to push TRUMP's Agenda through but instead he's working w/MSM to UNDERMINE Trump at every turn! SICK!

…
And how many parents of dead soldiers have you talked to? Or the parents of the soldiers who will be going?
You think we all went Republican for u and ur party?  WRONG! We went to support Trump and OUR ADGENDA.  We will leave if U don't follow!

Like Paul Ryan and most of this generation of Republicans, McConnell will be defined by his enabling of and support for Trump. https://twitter.com/danpfeiffer/status/900444756290830336 …
As a republican I WILL NEVER send one cent to the party again you are a failure To Trumps agenda only PRIMARY candidates get my support.

You have 18% approval in Ky, you NEED TO STEP DOWN NOW, Rand Paul would get Trump's agenda passed!

Who's going to protect the USA from @POTUS and bad Republicans
I hope u like being M. Leader b/c u will lose it if u dont stop filibuster. U need2 pass Trump agenda or lose leadership!Dems will do it '18
Blow filibuster up. The democrats would do it in a second and will do it in 2018 if they win and they will win if u dont pass Trumps agenda!
Flake is a globalist, property of George Soros, and a true Democrat. He will be ousted next year.

Big get for Kelli Ward: @seanhannity just endorsed her on his radio show, "I warmly offer you my endorsement and my support."
If Republicans won't do it then (D) nd 2 come together now more than ever!2018 (D) can control the House & #ImpeachTrump (D) nd 2 VOTE 2018!
ROFLMFAO! I have been a democrat for 35 years, this party is toast
I think you should be the first to go on over there and risk your life for your country.

Pro-Trump @GreatAmericaPAC just reported a $20k expenditure for Flake challenger Kelli Ward—its 1st IE this yr for anyone but Trump himself 
We support Trump....you should too.
Remove McConnell from office.@GOP stabs their voters in the back.
There are steps you can take but, if you all sit on your hands the outcome will be on you. He can't help himself...You can. Help the USA.
To protect us we need to remove Trump. As a bright man what are you waiting for? We have a Volitile situation with this man who is unstable.
If you do not follow Nancy Pelosi's tweets, you need to do so. Her tweets are destructive, hostile, inflammatory & inappropriate. Censure!
Please continue to support the Pres! The support in Congress has been dismal at best and downright hateful at its worst. Shameful.
Thank you for standing with Pres. Trump. I pray that your combined effort can bring the two of you to a closer working relationship.
quit being a traitor!
McConnell- Trump is DIVIDING the country with his hate rhetoric- you must get him OUT- he's unfit
Please pass the Great America Trump Agenda now. That will impress us and restore confidence in congress 
You need to support trump on n nafta that is why he was elected follow our agenda not yours and your donors u guys were selling us out
You know I don't like you. But 45's presence is America's greatest national security threat at present. His chaos gives cover for theirs.
Yes it does! & YOU & Congress Repubs need to get on board w/ POTUS' agenda-it is what Amer.Peo. want! Stop obstructing now!
35%-- Where did you trumpsters get your degrees? Trump University? YOU ARE NOT THE MAJORITY! #DumpTrump #DumbDonald #DumbSupporters
We didnt need to be there during the last Repub president & we don't need more troops now. Failed repub agenda
How about declaring a WAR? Do your job!!
Send YOUR family then! #NoMoreWar
You need to stop threatening the president.
And rooting out Fascists and Neo Nazi's at home protects America's National Security Interests as well, no?
You mean Trump is RIGHT
Your @POTUS is gonna #PardonJoeArpaio , so #IMPEACHMENTNOW ?
And you who never went there should go. All of you spineleds cowards who never shouldered a rifle.all of you
So your out trashing trump again I hear with your 18 percent approval rating. You really are a rino hack.
If you don't get a backbone you'll be sending them to Syria, Packistan, North Korea and Iran.
Ditch Mitch!!
Step down as leader of the Senate. You have failed. Allow someone who might succeed a chance.
You have failed as leader of the Senate. Have some self respect. Step down and allow someone who can be successful to become leader.
Mitch, how in the hell did you make $24 million dollars on a salary of less than $200k??  We want answers!!
The answer is obvious.  They are all bought and paid for.  That's why they are traitors to our President and the country.
Bullshit. You're trying to get Afaganistans precious resources. You're all liars. Drumpf wants USA buddy's to mine there. You know it's true

Wow! You lick those boots Mitch. 
You lick them shiny clean.
I supported troops in Afghanistan in the 90s for what the Taliban did to their women. I hoped we get to Sudan and stop slavery. But Obama 
You'll pay for a war but not for poor or unemployed people to have healthcare you look like Gary Oldman in Hannibal after pigs ate his face
I pay to protect my family and country.
A state department with experience should have been consulted. Trump gutted it and you stayed silent.
I hope your tweetes are facts not just said to pacify the people. The future of the Republican Party is at stake so support the President !
The ONLY reason the U.S is in those countries is because of OIL!! It's "We The People's" $$ you casually spend over seas in ways U shouldn't
DUMP McCONNELL
Volunteer, draft dodger...
No, it protects you and others investments in the war industries.
Elites like you never mind war bc it doesn't affect you one little bit.
But but but...trump said he would defeat ISIS in 30 days and not get involved in foreign conflicts? FLIP FLOP!
great you and P Ryan should pack your bags and go "over there"
You woke again.... go pat donnies nuts

Let's cut taxes for the rich so working Americans can pay for and fight in the eternal war #TaxReform

why are you guys still on vacation? call back early .. you have too much work 2 do .. get into fray n support potus n his agenda
McConnell you,McCain, Graham, Ryan Must Go.  You do Not represent the GOP.
That’s far from certain. A counter argument is that our presence there creates terrorists.
Does it, though? Does it really?
Ditch Mitch
#CensureTrump #Censure
It's the unspecified number of troops being put in harm's way for an unspecified objective who are stepping up to the plate, big time https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/899831073642774528 …
Nazi sympathizer
Bullshit just bullshit ~ just means the rich get richer off more dead and wounded GI's~I was in Vietnam~look at it today after we lost
Agreed, terrorist have to go no matter where they are. We can't let them attack us or our allies.
What? Don gave you back you're Twitter access?

When you turn your head, YOU'RE JUST AS GUILTY. YOU NEED TO BE OUT!!
45* IS a national security risk, but you are happy to ignore him for some kickbacks. #Impeach45 #YourLastTerm
Mitch is a piece of 
That's no lie.
Great. How are YOU protecting us from AMERICAN. NAZI's!?!?
And uses up alot of resourses, American soldiers, and alot of money,draining our econmy.

Less collusion with Russia would do that, too but you don't seem to mind that.
And how has that really been working for us? It has not, just the war profiteers. They continental to roll through history, grinding bones.
@POTUS @VP national security interests ^^
MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY and more MONEY ^^
Lie after lie after lie after lie and more lie´s !!
A decade and a half isn't enough deaths and costs?
Thanks Obama !
You need a better aid.
No I see them as exactly the same. Hate groups that are dangerous to the people who don't agree with them.
Antifa and nazis.
How the pendulum swings 
http://thehill.com/policy/defense/215789-mcconnell-supports-administrations-afghanistan-drawdown-plan …
We  you #FakeNews
yes. unfortunately, but that is the only way. shit or get off the pot.
Wow, going all in looking for "Trending"?
Getting rid of you and your paid off cronies, is a national security interest!
What about healthcare? Is that not a national security interest?
Repeal obamacare, until you do that shut up.
Nope. It's a never ending money pit, and none of our business.

Insanity from a #TreasonTurtle. #TrumpResign #ImpeachTrump
@SenateMajLdr then how about most of the 911 bombers having come from Saudi Arabia and taking flight classes @teterboro NJ what's doin there

45 insults you,  you praise him. See where this is going??
Just resign then. Without the ACA, millions would be without healthcare coverage.
and yet you opposed obama. Need audio video reminder turtle head?
How? You and your orange buddy are a disgrace!
Might as well get really comfy then because we will be there forever.
Rhino!!!
You mean, oil
A girl was killed on a US street by a Nazi  Trump's own damm son met with the Russians. Call him out. Your Silence is disgraceful
@realDonaldTrump @PressSec And we've only spent $850 billion so far!
Russian Traitor
You misspelled national $ecurity intere$t$.
Removing you from a leadership role also supports our national security interest. Will you step down from majority leader please?
Mr McConnell, I am the Honey Badger and I challenge you to debate me. I am campaigning for term limits and plan to run for president.

NO,WE WANT OUT!
Nope this:
Bingo! And a transparent effort to change the subject from Charlottesville and Russia without saying much of anything. A Potemkin war policy https://twitter.com/djrothkopf/status/899809269306011648 …
Mitch, such a brown noser. Trump is r biggest threat 2 national security. Alt right terrorists aka Trump supporters. #ImpeachTrump
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
IMPEACH45
100 % support American troops all over 
You support, & knew about,  puppet who committed election fraud. Not a majority President. You lie
Need to do more than maintain forces in #Afghanistan -- must win.
Senator McConnell our National Security largest threat is the racist unfit President & the SPINELESS GOP Congress that continues 2 ALLOW it!
