Your fellows in the Sen had free speech sharing wheelchair bound Americans hauled out of their chairs and arrested. You have no right! I4u
"Leader"...

If this is so, then please, join the resistance and get this fascist dictator wannabe out of office! #25thAdmendmentNow
So, "Stand up for free speech" means the alleged president can say what he wants, true or not, on his twitter rants?
Time should be spent working on #1 job in which elected; like more in session time. Books? Another 'income' for Fat Cats! NOT impressed.
Opiate addiction kills Americans every day. How can we turn our backs on the addicted people who were duped and victimized by big pharma?
Then why yesterday, were you having people that were speaking freely, ripped from their wheelchairs and drug out of your office and arrested
Yup
Mcconell's legacy, abusing the disabled, kiling the free press, ushering in an Autocracy with a clown for a king. History will not be kind,
God, shall be the Judge. I continue to prayfor your soul and the souls of all sad, fearfilled, weak willed legislators in Jesus name.Peace
My heart has called me as a Catholic to recite The Rosary (full of prayers) beginning today and each day til we get Health Care.  Pray w/me
I wish you well, but please, after prayer, call your Congress people and make your views known.
Thank you for your involvement.      Peace
And it's exactly as #weak and #delusional as I would've expected.
When are you going to publish "Some (white) People are More Equal Than Others"?
You are an evil man,I hope karma comes around x1000 for all the horrible things you've done. #immoral #unamerican #unchristian #PoorKY
That is funny considering u won't meet with ur constituents & allow us to voice our free speech against ur evil plans. Yeah, ur an expert. 
O'CARE IS NOT POPULAR...REPEAL IT!!!!
Chinless, lying f*ckwipe.
Remember that freedom of speech DOES NOT mean freedom from consequences.....  Most ppl tend to confuse the two.....
Why don't you STAND UP For TRUTH! QUIT LYING To Your Constituents!!! TELL THEM how U R STEALING THEIR MEDICAID 4 RICH 1% TAX BREAKS! #RIP 
You know... except when it's an uppity woman Senator or something...

Next: "Stand up for freely sharing legislation WITH COLLEAGUES. Shame on you.
There's free speech & then there's lies, conspiracy theories & just plain hate speech. 
trump attacks free speech &the press on a every day.
If passed will Senators&Congressmen be put on the revised health bill cheaper, stripped-down plans too? That's only fair. #ACA PROTECT IT
Why?  You don't support others who have that right
This lowlife keeps believing we r idiots.
He is supported by big $. They keep him in ofc. Like any disease he+ scum need 2 b wiped out.
Funny that, because you sure seem to have a problem with women having free speech.
Yay for a fifth-grade dissertation. Now, how about you get on to voting no on the new health care bill.
I rather watch senior citizens fuck!!!
Why don't you stand up for those of us who have relied on Obamacare's benefits to not go bankrupt
Yay!!!  Free Speech!!!  And what about health care for seniors vets kids and pre-existings???  I'm still waiting Mitchy.  helloooooo????????
Blah blah blah.
Wow that's great! Have you considered publishing the full HEALTHCARE BILL? Hard to exercise the right to free speech about a mystery bill
You are the most ruthless person in Congress.
What for??
Oh we will remember how you enabled FakeNews to become a part of American Democracy.  McConnell will be an UGLY stain of Evil on our HX.
YAY
McConnell also just published "How to kill 42,000 Americans every year to fund $765BILLION TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH ONLY, INCLUDING ME."
By free speech he means tax cuts for the one percent
Along with a massive tax cut for the one percent that kills people
MCCONNELL STANDS UP FOR MURDERING 42,000 AMERICANS PER YEAR TO FUND $ 765BILLION IN TAX CUTS FOR RICH ONLY, INCLUDING HIM
How come u obstructed @BarackObama's free speech 2 tell American public a/b #TrumpRussia? U threatened the Dems & now the US is comprised.


I just made toast. I just ate an apple. I just ruined the American way of life.
And what do you use the book for? Toilet Paper in your Kentucky OUT HOUSE back home on the horse farm?
Free speech. You're a liar just like Trump. I hope you go down with him.
big whoop
If they couldn't "stand" just arrest them?
Lol! What a hypocrite.
Except for disabled people who are angry that you are sentencing them to die. #disgraceful #sleazy #MitchOwnsThis #VoteHimOut #Wealthcare
You will fail with your planned genocide against poor, sick and disabled Americans because Revolution is coming. You'll be the prime target.
Is that why the disabled protestors were dragged out of their wheelchairs outside your office?

The only free speech you support is your own

U$ NPD Greedy One Percent @GOP neoliberal, neocon, plutophile... tyrants inspire treason. U$ GOPolitics are the actual enemy of US Freedoms. 
What a load of hogwash. Tell that to the crazy president who refuses audio or video in the White House - unless it's .@RT_com
That's adorable given you dragged people from their wheelchairs for voicing their concerns
So how come you don't chastise trump for all that he is doing to try to shut down/shut out all media that publish stories critical of him?
Except if they are in wheelchairs outside your office.
Thief and liar bought and paid for
Gop lies
You lack even the tiniest sliver of integrity after that grotesque display with the protesters in wheelchairs last week. Just stop talking.
Horrible excuse for a human being
This is so stupid and cynical that it makes me want to be against free speech.

The March of Dimes helped McConnell recover from childhood polio.

They oppose his health care bill.…
is that why you didn't INVITE ONE DEMOCRATE to your Committee on healthcare?  Not one woman? You are a joke!
Oh brother
Didn't you have polio as a child and America took care of you?
Just another rich want to be richer at the expense of American people jackass.
"Not popular" isn't a synonym for "reprehensible."
How you sleep at night is a mystery you horrible excuse of a human being.  Have you no shame you money grubbing  excuse of a rep of the US ?
@POTUS talks about "the dead carcass of Obamacare.”  If you pass #BetterCare, which doesn't activate until 2020, you still own that carcass.
Don't you mean, "Stand Up TO Free Speech"?
Good, then listen when the people speak. Even if you can afford insurance, 1 serious accident or illness will take it away. No to your plan
so that means Depp is good? Y'all gonna leave him alone?
Why are you against AHCA when a prog helped you as a child?  Shouldn't you be supporting it and paying it forward http://www.snopes.com/mitch-mcconnell-polio-government-healthcare/ …
Except @SenWarren ?
What a POS
Remove coverage for Erectile dysfunction from the cruel , inhumane so called "Trump doesn't give a fuck" healthcare bill.
Like those disabled reporters you had removed. You only believe the Constitution is for you and not for critics
Remember when u had polio as a kid and March of dimes helped you? Now u won't meet with them? Are you the devil?
How is your in-laws drug business going? You still getting a nice cut?
You're insane, aren't you??? You know, everything you say and do publicly is RECORDED??? And hauling off disabled protestors? FREE SPEECH???
Interesting choice of words considering no one could 'stand' when they were using their right to FREE speech. #ADAP

Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#mitchcarekills
"FREE SPEECH" FOR THE ELITE WHO BUY IT, RIGHT??
#STOPCITIZENSUNITED
McConnell you'll b leaving congress severely tarnished & hopefully you're sued so ppl can get money back for services not rendered.
Stop raising Americas taxes Mr OConnell signed America.
Mcconnell care will raise Kentuckys taxes. Insurance will go iup 900 percent! You will lose your insurance and Dr.
YOU suppress free http://speech.You 've managed to wrangle a cush job for your wife,undermined the Constitution,screwed ppl of Kentucky
Mitch is a multi millionaire...its more important for him to get tax breaks for super rich vs making sure ppl get good health care.
You only stand for lining your pockets and killing the poor. #KillerGOP #GreedOverPeople #BreakingAmerica
Mr. Trump does not believe in Free Speech!
Coming from you that is the most ridiculous thing I've heard today.
This is rich, considering u r a southern Baptist (aka religious nut job). Yep, sBaps are against dancing, and they embrace the KKK. Love it!
Hey you're lucky you can still stand up, thanks to free health care!
You flee from constituents. You hide from protestors. You're no free speech advocate. You're a coward.
Shouldn't you have called it, "Stand up for Billionaires"? It's where you're especially adept.
catch polio, garbage man
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
except in your office, then the handicapped get carried out in handcuffs.  what would you do to the non handicapped protesting-shoot them?

Friday: You hid. Missed opportunity to  acknowledge humanity/courage of scared handicapped ACHA protesters .
Take a long hard look at your mean self in the mirror - the image of hatred authored by you is indelible
Aren't you the coward that just had disabled people arrested for peaceably gathering?
How you don't choke on your own hypocrisy is amazing to me. Your office LITERALLY dragged people out of wheelchairs for protesting
Remember when you had polio Mitch?
Who are you standing up for? The women in Congress you have silenced? Remember "nevertheless she persisted," you jackass?
You're a hypocrite with a crooked tongue who had done nothing to stop Trump's attacks on free speech & freedom of the press.
Have you shared this with @elizabethforma ???
You don't believe in free speech otherwise you wouldn't have thrown out the disabled who were standing up for free speech.  #LiarLiar
For shits n giggles, sir - please make that your last words before we hang you for treason...
By free speech, they mean the Koch brothers using inherited wealth to  undermine democracy and force outdated, failed ideas on Americans.
Wasn't there a MEMBER you silenced.  You lie!
Great. Maybe now actually stand up for that right.
Gee Mitch, does that apply to non Republicans as well?
What a frigging hypocrite you are!




Like this kind of free speech?
Well aren't you a special kind of hypocrite..does it include Russia and did they donate to your book? I'm sure they helped..ur campaign
LIKE WHEN YOU TOLD THE PUBLIC ABOUT RUSSIA TRYING TO ELECT TRUMP.  YOU ARE DESPICABLE.
Liar Russian puppet#Russia money#fake American#American killer#blood on your hands comrade
Your office won't even clear messages so ppl can leave any bc u know we hate you and you don't serve the ppl
He is such a hypocrite
This is what we think of Mitch
Mitch all you do is shut people up
You had those disabled people arrested
You told @SenWarren to basically shut up on the senate floor
So what kind of free speech do you back?
It's ok though free speech will be your end come election time!
REALLY, then STOP twitter, google, facebook & the rest of those Liberal Anti-American PIGS from Violating FREE SPEECH... HOW ABOUT THAT?
Right, except when expressed by people in wheelchairs who are begging for their health insurance. Then you round them up, kick them out.
I just wrote, Americans stand up to turtles who smell like a rat
