Just watched. Your looking the other way is disgusting, not to mention devoid of any charisma whatsoever. Also, ur record for KY is pathetic
Tell all the stories u want. You alone are responsible for the SCOTUS mess. And that will be your one and only mention in the history books.
What you going to say when @chucktodd asks you about #MerrickGarland - provide a non-answer like you always do Clown?
Mitch lied of course. Said Democrats wouldn't have confirmed Republican nominee if the shoe had been on the other foot. They would have.
Well, they would have at least voted on the nominee.
That was a waste of time Mr. McConnell. Especially when chuck is so hard of hearing he had to ask the same question..twice.

McConnell was absolutely embarrassing with Todd. Had no answers and desperately tried to Lie his way around refusing Garland as scotus nom
.@MeetThePress @chucktodd
He has sold out his state and the American people.
@SenateMajLdr @chucktodd Wow, you are seriously out of touch w/ the American people.
Surprised he didn't choke on and drop dead from all the BS that he spewed. Such a hypocritical Toad
Pat yourself on the back for being brave, MTP!!!  Grow a pair and defy the worst President to ever sit in the Oval!! RESIST.  VOTE!!!!!!
His time is up, he's got to go...
Hope Turtle can stay awake that long
McConnell is the worst kind of unrepentant sinner. He has damned his eternal soul with his anti-American, Anti-Christian actions.
You couldn't answer chuck w a shred of logic. Did u forget about Green Eggs & Ham? How do u expect 2rewrite history w ur record?
That was fun.
Nuclear option now. Tell Schumer to "Harry his Reid and Pelosi his Obama!"
@SenMajLeader Watched your dissembling on @MeetThePress YOU did the ultimate filibuster w Merrick Garland. #despicable p.s. Your Constituent
He laughs when he doesn'the want to answer. He unilaterally filibustered Judge Garland and refused to give him a vote - up or down.
Reminder: Bush 43 was not elected to office. The election was won by Al Gore 
!
@SenateMajLdr @chucktodd 
Watch your back in that snake pit ...
Couldn't you get anyone else?
Won't be WATCHING CHUCK THIS WEEK.
God bless Mitch for going on the left wing stations! They will never agree with the real right side of the issue, left to the end! Fake News
Why couldn't U answer Mr. Todd's question regarding last year's SCOTUS nominee? Even I understood what he was asking!
Enjoyed your interview, Senator! Thanks for explaining the precedent re: SC Judges in election years.

#MAGA #WomenForTrump
#YOUWORKFORUS
@SenateMajLdr needs to go!!
McConnell is nothing but a suck up to #45. Says let's talk about what DT is doing, not Russia.  Ok, how's his golf game?
I Demand You Investigate #WhoStoleAddisonsChin
Grill him on coal as DOA and the 1 million illiterate workers in his state!
@SenateMajLdr @chucktodd be tough! Don't let them get to you
Lets see how many ways you have to avoid making a single declarative statement. You owe the country much more than you've given us so far.
Since he won't answer his constituents, can you ask him about Internet privacy and why he wants to take it from us?
Guess I won't be watching Meet The Press this Sunday.  Mitch makes me sick to my stomach with his purely partisan shit. He looks like 
Another chance for you to spew bigotry, hatred, and lies.  You're a national disgrace.  We can see you and hear you #GOPLiesMatter.
We don't watch fake news McConnell
Gonna have Mitch on to repeat his "ACA is collapsing" lies, his "we railroaded Garland to get Gorsuch" garbage? Better call him out.
will the treasonous scum on Meet the press still interview the globalist puppet traitor @SenateMajLdr after he is removed and PROSECUTED!
MITCH MCCONNELL NEEDS TO BE IN JAIL .
Oh joy! Suck fest 2017
Make sure to bring your last shred of credibility.
@SenateMajLdr @chucktodd DEAR Mr. McConnell, why go on biased leftist attack shows? You won't recruit or change anyone.
Hmmmmmm:
Kick his ASS Chuck Todd! Love your show!
Oh for the love of god you better drill him for his extreme hypocrisy regarding the Supreme Court. If u don't SHAME ON YOU
Church did. He couldn't provide an answer for not bringing up a vote for Garland. Smh
Tune in to see Mitch burble nonsense as he pretends he isn't complicit in propping up a treasonous liar as president.
@SenateMajLdr as a weak chickenshit who sold out the country and his soul to a #putinpuppet #Trumprussia
How your Wife likes the new job Trump has BOUGHT you for?
Here is one SOB I can just barely tolerate.  Declaring he would make it his job to endure Pres Obama was a one term president.  Then Garland
Just saw your hokey commercial w- Chuckie. Sorry to break it to you but Chuckie is FAR from fair. He bleeds DNC blue. He's a political hack
Oh THIS is going to be good.
You are a braver person than I.  I couldn't sit there with him without choking him.  He is pure evil.
Good God, man! Can't you get anyone else? I watch every Sunday, but not this one. @SenateMajLdr McConnell is a moral eunuch & repugnant.
Is he bringing some of that sweet sweet cocaine his family deals in? Oh I'm sorry gis wife's family
Can you ask him what he can claim he has actually done for the people of Kentucky?  I am curious. I think he has forgotten who he works for.
Thanks for warning me I'll pass!
Ask him where guns to mentally ill and internet privacy, going to war in Somalia, relaxing ROE in bombings was in DT 100 Day contract?
oh boy, can't wait. Not interested. How about interviewing someone who will stand up to #agentOrange the grabber
Ask him if he wants his internet history sold to anyone and used for whatever? Or his families history ect as people are raising money to do
Lied saying Obama's nominees confirmed "faster than President (George W.) Bush was at the same time in his second term." [July 18th, 2013]
Ask him about Pruitt and him lying about guess what Private email use to congress OK bar investigating as it did happen!
So we'll get to see him lie on live TV. Can't wait to see if he actually answers the question asked or answers the question in his head.
Sigh, if I must, but he seems like yet another do nothing but block kinda guy, tired of that on both sides
Mr. Hypocrite himself 8 yrs of Obstruction and Not Working At All w/ OUR President.#Disgrace to himself his Family State. #Time2GoMitch!
I guess I can sleep in. The turtle man makes me sleepy thinking about him. He should remove the box of rocks from his mouth before he talks
I'm a faithful watcher but I draw the line at Mitch.
I just cannot stand this man. He seems to have an evil soul.
Can't stand that SOB
This should be a real treat.
