I agree. We need to put our forces in the US Capitol and White House to move all of you terrorist out.
Denounce Antifa
Already have. They promote their cause through violence and I do not, nor will I ever consider that as a correct means of protest.
Trump is a Russian mole surrounded by his collaborators. Plus a racist . Save America from this tragedy MARCH. http://www.cville2dc.us 
So then, Mitch, what are you and the rest of Congress going to do about the white militias across our country?!?
Denounce antifa
They are not the problem... the Neo Nazis are the problem.
Antifa is not problem. They were the ones at Berkeley beating people up. They were the cause of that girl getting run over she was one
Antifa is not the problem?? There would be no problems without Antifa.  The ones trying to start some race war that nobody but them want
Armed white people yelling antisemetic hate speach & and chanting nazi slogans IS, without a doubt, the problem in America.
Antifa is armed white people
Here's a good place to start... In your backyard.
Or on your college campuses or where peaceful citizens gather for thier first amendment rights. Denounce Antifa
So are you going to fund research into white supremacy groups then?
He should denounce antifa
The terrorists are those who live in our country who believe that this should be a white only nation. What kind of American are you?
Correct, including DOMESTIC TERRORIST! 
Or do they not count?
Denounce antifa
Nah. We ALL should be against fascism.
Please OUTLAW ANTIFA & BLM. Present a bill to have these hate groups condemned.
Declare Black Lives Matter,calling for the murder policemen/women & Antifa,who are planning to create a country within the US#TerroristsOrg.

The president took white supremacists off of terrorist watch how could you talk about terrorism? You look like gary Oldman from Hannibal
Especially when Antifa commits crimes where peaceful citizens gather for thier first amendment rights
We cannot permit terrorists organizations to train, recruit and plot domestic terrorists via blessings of the POTUS. #25 thamendmentNOW
You talking about Antifa?  I agree they must be stopped
@SpeakerRyan @GOP
You stand by and allow the pardon of a racist sheriff, you don't defend our country against the trump attacks on our freedoms, you put party
are you talking about ANTIFA??
Then do something about the 200+ white supremacists and neo-nazis in America!
Denounce Antifa
True! You'll be enacting gun control laws and monitoring American white supremacists then? #domesticterrorists
Guns are a right. The second right USA citizens ever had. It IS a right. 2nd amendment. Will you ask for Constitution to be destroyed? Lol
Then do YOUR job. DEPORT ALL illegals. End DACA. Build the wall.  Abolish the IRS. Do what we VOTED you in to do.
I've seen video of ISIS training camps in USA & wondered, why is Obom administration arresting/deporting these terrorists?

Instead of giving 60 percent of new tax cuts to the richest Americans, we should expand the EITC to make up for decades of wage stagnation. 
before country, you allow our constitution to be ravaged without a challenge. You are a person with power who refuses to stand up for the US
Let's take care of the Russian mole first. Plus White Supremacist.  Join us to save the country. http://www.cville2dc.us  #cville2dc #Remove
Do you denounce Antifa?  They are a terroristic group in USA. Do you denounce them?  It needs to be known!!!
But its ok if they are in the WH ???
Why don't you look for something to obstruct, which is the one thing you do well?
BRING THE THRASH TO JUSTICE! STOP THEIR PLOTTING SCAMMING & CHEATING!
Then support our president who is trying to save this country. Kentucky is fed up. 2020 McConnell 2020
This is a terrorist
Trump was wrong to pardon controversial sheriff, Ryan says - Reuters
Why worry about OVER THERE when you have American terrorist in the top white house job contradicting US laws?
This guy (snake) ^^^^ is abdicating his responsibility to the USA and threatening Republicans who talk about impeachment of the NAZI.

We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
What about all of the Alt-Right organizations Trump panders to with his #ArpaioPardon and his dog whistles, and throwing down WP constantly.
What about #HurricaneTrump and his destructive #ArpaioPardon His support for NAZIS, his wild spending on hisself?
So where is your oversight of the white supremacists in this country? Why do you protect POTUS? We know why. Russia.
#MuellerIsComing
You are the terrorist if you let trump continue
And yet, you leave that terrorist in the White House systematically destroying the USA.  Why don't you love your country?  IMPEACH him now!

Mitch McConnell made $24 million in six years on a $193,400 annual government salary.

I'm sure there's a reasonable explanation. 
Agreed. How do we apply this to our domestic terrorists: Neo-nazis, KKK, etc. ?
18% McConnell leading GOP over the cliff after the DNC. We know what you are up to and the money won't save you.
Hmmmm. And yet, you accepted big $ from Russia. Now we understand your silence and complicity.
You let them do it in Kentucky.... kkk, white supremacists, white nationals....
I wish your--and I emphasize "your"--president agreed. What do YOU think about NeoNazis and White Supremacists?
You mean White Supremist KKK and your other buddies?
U  want people to believe that u had NO IDEA that John McCain was going to vote no for the skinny HC Bill? You knew & had zero problem
U  have no desire for our Pres agenda to go thru! It's amazing, BHO never had a budget, he just spent money and u just sat & did nothing
We  FINALLY have a Pres w the balls to actually limit immigration & ENFORCE the law! A wall severely LIMITS DRUGS from entering the US
And yet Jeff Flake scoffs at a wall? The wall is NOT campaign rhetoric. Don't u care about drugs, u guys are clueless.  Flake is F_ed!!
So u have known McCain for 25 years and u couldn't convince him? GOP voters give u all a 17% app rating, they know u want to obstruct
Obama spent trillions, never Worried about budget reconciliation or any of that BS but our Pres can't get a F' ING wall built. Just leave!!!
If I was the Pres I wouldn't sign anything that u sent to him unless it was exactly what he wanted. Corp tax rate & repatriation of $
GOP Senators are so in cahoots w the Dems to obstruct that u won't even get a tax cut approved to help this economy. U all should be ashamed
But okay for #DomesticTerrorists to be radicalized at 'political' churches?
What about funding those groups? Like this guy...https://twitter.com/sandraopines/status/900402902895874048 …
Why not? You refuse to even fund right wing terrorists here in America, who kill many more Americans then any Muslim has.
Fund investigations to identify & protect us from these domestic terrorists before you worry about Afghans, 90% of whom never heard of 9/11
U R A charlatan   Give me no pleasure to say that.
You mean like Kentucky and Tennessee?
http://Look.you  can't even control your own Santuary Cities! Such a hypocrite! Follow Trump Period!
but its OK for neo Nazis and the KKK to do it
Do you mean like the Muslim terrorist camps here in America? Or do you just want other countries do benefit from America the Worlds police?
Resign leaker traitor.
Are you speaking out against Antifa? They train, recruit & plot in US right now! "Become Ungovernable" "My Heroes Kill Cops" they say.
You think we all went Republican for u and ur party?  WRONG! We went to support Trump and OUR ADGENDA.  We will leave if U don't follow!
If the US cannot permit Terrorist the. Why are you still support a POTUS that endorses domestic terrorism?

Get rid of the Filibuster Rule, so Republicans can move forward with President Trump's agenda.
Show the Radical Islamic Terrorists #fireandfury 
declare BLM, Antifa, KKK, #DomesticTerrorists groups, once and for all! @realDonaldTrump
Work with Potus. We want his agenda not yours.
Ignoring POTUS call 4 change is 2 ignore the needs and desires of the people who elected him. Our system created 4 peaceful co-existence!
Nor should they be able to do the same from territories governed by Pakistan!
There is No Better Time than NOW...Start the #Impeachment.   Stop this Embarrassing time in the History of America.. #GOPisSPINELESS

GOP May you never live down what you have allowed to take place in this country . This, is ALL yours. @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan https://twitter.com/afp/status/900319584653365250 …
Wall would do wonders Texas ag 600,000 crimes and 124000 murderers committed by illegals .if lose of life not significant.court ,jails taxes

Big get for Kelli Ward: @seanhannity just endorsed her on his radio show, "I warmly offer you my endorsement and my support."
US can't permit this president to destroy our nation.  Please take action
It's #ISIS, you #RINO!  Only liberals refer to it as ISIL.
like Alabama?

"ungoverned sanctuaries?"  Oh, you mean the hundreds of Sanctuary Cities throughout our Grand Land we call America? Shut those cities down!
what about terrorist organizations in this country, like the ones @POTUS refuses to stand up to? #WhiteSupremacy #Amendment25 #ImpeachTrump
Alliance of Civilizations is the cover name for one of the deadliest terrorist groups not banned in U.S.
Thenbring Sheik Galani to justice as he is buying land & establish.Jihad training camps across the U.S. Ban AllianceofCivilizations from UN.
Ban Alliance of Civilizations cover name for terrorist group from U.S.KSM high level in this group B4 arrest.KSM Trial not revealed to date.
Why haven't you protected more Trump clan from SC and justice says Trump.  You have done much already to help Russian sponsored POTUS.
Oh wait! At first I Thought you meant #Antifa terrorists or those 22 ISIS camps in US
Why aren't Afghanistan & Pakistan on Trumps Muslim Ban? You're words 8 years ago re: not working w/Obama helped put USA in Trumps hands #Sad
You mean like Antifa & BLM?
Who feels safe with McConnell leading anything.  Just a bunch of talk. You Have Never followed through with your promises...sad
Antifa is a terrorist group!! Shut them down!!
#ImpeachHimNow
Dude, terrorists don't need to plot against us. The @GOP is destroying America from within. If that was your plan, great job! #ImpeachTrump
So why do you & Repub Congress allow this National Terrorist-Trump- to dismantle our Country? Unfit does not seem to be a priority with You!
Better start supporting Trump.
Senator McConnell just keep protecting us from the president. Hopefully he'll be gone soon stay the course
Trump is the greatest threat to the security of our country.
Ky cannot allow useless Representatives to remain in office. Not like you've not had enough time.
Ditch Mitch!
Yea because the FBI has proven that even if we know who the terrorists are, congress allows them to roam free because of civil rights laws
Why are we allowing Muslim training camps here in the US?
@McConnellPress  you can be cooperative and work with POTUS IF you want...on behalf of our country.
Think about it
Does that mean that you are opposed to Antifa operations in Chicago?
Read a book on US history. Or watch Charlie Wilson's War. We invented the Taliban and Al Qaeda.
U.S cries about illegals crossing U.S borders then turns around & invades other countries borders chasing OIL saying they hunt 4 terrorists
But that's exactly wh U hv bn allowing by thwarting everything RPres has bn trying 2do since taking office! UR t problem!Not t dimsOrMsm YOU
Does that include the KKK, anti-semites, and neo-fascists?
Then you should step down.................
Ungoverned Sanctuaries
= your senate or just say   US
Yup & can't put up with your ineffectiveness either
Oh like your White Supremacist buddies? What ungoverned sanctuaries? This makes no sense.
Time for you to retire, Buddy. Read. Writing. Wall.
And the US cannot permit a Senate that can't even pass gas without a 30 day debate. Get to work Majority Vacationer.
How about stop calling everything terrorism and get out of Congress if you're a pants shitter? Stop scaring your constituents. #shame
Something else we cannot permit - you and trump to be in government a minute longer.
That means attacking  & destroying them on Pakistani soil.
Someone tell them in Minnesota that "no go zones" in America need to go now
Just governed sanctuaries .... like Saudi Arabia.
Aside from flopping on everything he's said the last 8 yrs, Trump's speech outlined NO specific plan. And you blindly endorse it.
Hallow threats....
Talk, Talk, Talk, Time To Do, Do, Do & Vote, Vote,, Vote, Pass A Bill & Get Somethings Done For a Change,! We True Americans are Sick of you
McConnell you,McCain, Graham, Ryan Must Go.  You do Not represent the GOP.
Ungoverned? You mean like the Washington Swamp? Is that a Sanctuary for the ungoverned or the un-able-to-govern?

So you want us to occupy the Middle East and Africa?
The US cannot move forward w/the way you're herding the GOP
Get off your arse and get to work. Bring #RepealACA, #taxreform , #infrastructure bills to POTUS desk! Don't deflect your responsibility!
What about the alt left domestic terrorists??  ANTIFA?  Where's your outcry for that hateful violent group??
Like Nazis in KY?
Ok Mitch. The 'all talk,no do man'. Make it happen big guy
Russia does, any thought on that?
Interesting about face for Repubs who did nothing but criticize Pres Obama.
what happened to reducing America's presence in the world? Are we the world police again? Or did they find new oil in Afgan?
#CensureTrump #Censure
It's the unspecified number of troops being put in harm's way for an unspecified objective who are stepping up to the plate, big time https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/899831073642774528 …
We CANNOT allow them anything ungoverned or not...hence the word, "TERRORIST" McConnell your days in senate are numbered #voteout
pass a health bill or time to ditch Mitch & establ Reb
Except for nazis though right?
Aren't you the reason we are an ungoverned sanctuary?
Talk, talk, talk. What did you do to investigate Benghazi, fast and furious, IRS, emails, pay to play? NOTHING. Failed leadership. Empty
What about local terrorism like KKK. We cannot allow the President to agree with KKK and give them power. Start at home.
1st step you have to admit the problem. Racism, domestic terrorists, and the president you'll chose!!  You must drink,  your delusional.
...particularly those in the KKK and other domestic terrorism groups.
Oh yeah, the KKK votes Republican.
Sucking up into good graces again are we?
What about the terrorist organizations, such as neo-Nazis & the KKK in the US.  Apparently, your ok with them.
But it's ok to allow Neo Nazis, White Supremacist and white nationalist to do so here  in America? You lack moral courage.
Afghanistan, the one 'legitimate' war (no 'yellow cake' stories). Boomerang own goal; Refused to extradite Bin Laden post 9/11. Hold/fix.
The US cannot permit terrorist organizations to train, recruit and plot^^
KKK? Nazi´s? Alt-Right? @POTUS ? @VP ? they got a permit ??^^
Keep the munitions rolling and the dollars flowing huh?
You should check in your home state with militias.
Maybe if you didn't kill so many civilians first- they might trust us to help
Like antifa?
Go away.
SO, you're banning Muslim Jihad Training Camps ( in over 33 states ),
black lives matter, Louis Farrakhan's groups, KKK, Skinheads,etc. GOOD
Really Mitch. get this right ONE TIME...IT IS ISIS and NOT ISIL.  Oh that's right you liked OBAMA more than our new POTUS.  STILL ISIS!!
You need to keep a personal dialogue with the president and don't give attention to thre three stooges Collins. Flake and McCain
So stop it. If you have a spine, you can do it! Who is paying you to do nothing? Soros?
At last Senator, you and I agree on something once more. It's been a while, glad to see you back in the fold.
Yeah, McConnell. We couldn't let the damn commie pinko's spread across http://S.E.Asia  in 1960 either. How did we do in Vietnam?
How about you strip the blank check to Afghanistan and give up the losing war. We have overstayed our welcome.
Wow, going all in looking for "Trending"?
nor police intire plant with ground troops Afghan cost =  to paying evey taxpayer $140,000.00 each waste of money.  gov above 30mls station
Pakistan and Iran is that what you're needing to say? Spit it out!!
Amen! Let's start with the nazis and klansmen at home, ok?
Does Trump provide knee pads with these Fluffer jobs?
I believe people who want to take millions off of their healthcare is modern terrorism... what can we about you Mr. 18%
What abt home grown terrorists fueled by trumps rhetoric?
What about Mexico?
"The US cannot permit"?  It's an international joke right now, thanks to the incompetent, unhinged "leader" your RNC chose. #GOPfail
US citizens cannot allow congressmen to blatantly lie to get elected, then blame the Prez for calling you out for your lies & incompetence.
But according to you we can continue a war that we have absolutely NO hope of ever winning. Needless lives continue to be lost and WE PAY.
Cyber security  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp NeoNazis , militia, white supremers etal
