My father and his 4 brothers served in WWII.  One brother was lost.  May God bless them and the USA
Yes. Like my father. You soil all he fought for.
Nothing changes the fact that you're bad leader that promotes rich white people only. U need to retire & let a just person take over
if you remembered you would be impeaching #Potus right now. You profane the names of veterans when you speak them so shut up!!
You have no right to speak unless you know the pain and you don't none of you will ever know it as you never served in the military
And look how you repaid them, you shameful obstructionist.  Remember Mitch, you could have done something good.  Wrong side of history.

.@SenateMajLdr
Idea: resign; replace w/non-corrupt, E.Q. & compassion >50% of a human; you go back to this in public
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/05/24/mitch-mcconnell-obamacare-repeal-senate-votes-238779 … 
This smug man really thinks he is going 2B able 2get away w blaming his evil behavior wTrump on 'Democrats'. GOP prove they underestimateUSA
Rolling in their graves with the likes of you in the Senate. Party over Country makes you a traitor
McConnell no where to be found 
Bad for America
We know who didn't serve!
Mitch McConnell will go down in History as truly one of the most evil and dark politicians who enabled so much devastation.
So stop trying to take their medical care and kill more.
If you value veteran lives, PROVIDE FOR THEM.
When will u start to put our country ahead of partisan politics?Your silence on Trump's horrific leadership shows us your lack of integrity.

Fuck off.
Devout Christians....in some  altered reality.
Veterans are mainly working class, these are the people you will destroy with your policies, don't be a hypocrite!
If you honor the fallen soo much why do you continue to send them to die in an unwinnable war for the wealthy and oil interests?
No today they are rolling in their grave with shame.  Mitch, Shame on you for betraying them
A reason time to reflect: Senator, At what point did you decide to sell out your country?
& how are you defending our great nation? sending coal miners underground to their eventual death & taking away their healthcare! #GOPSCUM
Our nation will also remember those of you who have betrayed it.
your overdue death will be celebrated one day...by ONE HUNDRED MILLION CHEERING VOICES. miserable treasonous slimeball, you wasted your life
Mitch you are bullshit. Nothing more
#Complicit
...for Exxon.
Lovely parade sponsored by Halliburton the troops are asking What have you done forme lately
Go back to DC and do your damned job.

2010- Alito: Obama lies about Citizens United letting in foreign money
2016- McConnell rakes in $2.5 Mil from Russia
http://bipartisanreport.com/2017/05/27/mitch-mcconnell-implicated-in-widespread-putinukraine-money-funnel-fbi-notified/ … 

Today we see you as the traitor you are. Going thru the motions while you take millions from putin backed businessmen subverting democracy

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell 
Too bad you honor their memory by PROTECTING A TRAITOR.
That's nice to remember out fallen soldiers, but you forget how you cheated many out of heath care.
Stand firm against Trump's attempts to turn the Senate into the House! He is o my interested in himself, not America.
Never Forget 

McConnell FULLY SUPPORTS Trump praising

 Dictators who MURDER & RAPE Citizens
  on Allies who DIED defending the US
YOU need to defend it too!  Country over politics and party.  Man up!
Trump disresected our closest allies,
Yes let's remember the poor choices you have made resulting in there death.
Be a Patriot today, Sen McConnell. Stop being complicit in your lack of basic principles in support of DEMOCRACY and our NATO allies.
Tamper our expectations!!!
Your fired !!!
POTUS We/you won the election GET Ryan and McConnell to do the job we elected YOU for or replace them!
Aaaand unfortunately for you, our nation will do its level best to forget you.
Beautiful honorarium! Thanks!
@SenateMajLdr shows NO respect for democracy, equality. Gerrymandered into one-party control,following a juvenile, dishonest @POTUS DISGRACE
Remember them when they die and why they die @GOP. Mostly died keeping the rich & wealthy~rich & wealthy. U CUT FUNDING ON VETS! SHAME ON U!
So, you are concerned about veterans' benefits@ then, Mitch?  Put OUR $$$
where your mouth is!
We are one nation.  Let us unite in justice, peace, humanity, dignity.  Put country over party payouts.
The Koch's aren't gonna pay you forever Mitch! Neither is Russia! Forget retirement Mitch! You'll be in jail with ur buddies Drumpf, Ryan...
You are a #traitor to the US
You accepted dirty money from Russia
#FromRussiaWithLove 
#resign


I agree with you on this subject.
 But you are still a dick
Horrified to think that our vets died so Communism could take over @WH and alienate allies for $. Shame on you @GOP
They did this country a great service, unlike you. Squashing the Constitution is unAmerican and they would roll over in their graves
Your onanistic hatred of 1st black president consumes you; no time to honor Portland men who died defending others from white US terrorist.
I'm sick of you allowing @SenJohnMcCain to take over the party. He will cost you the majority in a little over a year if you don't stop him.
Tell us about your discharge. Three different stories and one rumor. After shaking your limp waisted hand, I believe the rumor.
Where is your Confederate Flag
And what have you ever done for them? Besides let them die in V.A.'s.
I imagine you whimpishly laughing while reading these responses & counting your lobbyist $$$. You sir know nothing of duty or honour.
The one thing you and I can agree upon.
It sure would be nice if I can say the same for you someday ! How about putting some of the mind to work FOR our liberty

But everyday we rise up and fight you and your horrid policies. Take care of our Vets. trump is #SCROTUS
Finally a tweet from you that I can agree with and applaud. And it isn't whining about ACA.  Job well done
McConnell"s got a lot of nerve remembering Vets when he is allowing Putin's Puppet destroy our country. McConnell is a Russian traitor.
Sen Mitch McConnell, the man who broke America: http://wapo.st/2nU1WuL  #resist!
only for the @GOP to destroy our democracy
Turning a blind eye to the Trump swamp is shameless! Where is Repub. leadership & moral integrity? Missing in inaction!
McConnell is a disgrace, he has no right to mention our fallen heroes
The Republicans back Traitor Trump knowing he is leaking to Russia and endangering our military. They are complicit in Trump's crimes.
Mitch supports TraitorTrump who leaks Classified Information endangering our military and our security.Trump will keep doing it for Russian
The Republican party is now the party of traitors liars and thugs.
How much money did you and your wife get from Russian sponsored groups.
The Republican Party has become The Party of Hypocrites.
Something you know nothing about. Nothing you do is for this country. How's that Russian bank roll?
You had John Sherman Cooper cover for your eyes instead of using eye drops while others went to Vietnam. Disgraceful con-artist.
Tell us again how you dodged the draft.
Our once great nation. You and your Rep Old White Men's club has put our nation in Putin's hands--soon you will kill us by removing he care
Too bad you avoided the military and didn't give your life for your country
Time for you to honor COUNTRY over Corrupt Republican Party!
Ironic that as we honor those who gave all this #MemorialDay17 that the leader of the free world is now the German Chancellor.
and you are destroying what they fought for? Why?
Please stand up for our democracy regardless of foreign efforts to undermine and influence the core principles of democracy.
And what was your role, other than voting for war. Resign, turtle.
Today, I remember that comments like this seem self-serving from you, since you generally care nothing about THE American people.
grateful to our soldiers? U don't see the irony in ur undermining the very CORE of what they fight for w ur support of the traitor in th WH?
And yet you are the biggest coward for staying silent as DJT destroys democracy from within. #bravo
You dishonor the fallen men each and every day.
How about not cutting Vets benefits to remember the fallen and their survivors.
We honor those who died for our freedom!  Now you must honor the freedom they fought for and not follow T blindly off the cliff! #RESIST
It isn't blindly when he's complicit. McConnell is the ORIGINAL Trump.
Our nation also remembers the GOP senators that are derelict in their duties to protect this great nation that these people died for.
Repay them by making sure they have decent jobs and benefits waiting for them back home.
and the many who returned Gravely injured
Do justice to their sacrifice and follow President Trumps lead. He is a business man, we are 20 trillion in DEBT. Do you understand me?
You don't understand yourself. Your comment is unbelievably wrong.
Defending our country! Something that you and your partners don't do
And comment on the two military heroes slain by a domestic neo nazi terrorist?  Where and why were YOU radicalized Mitch?
It's always nice when 1 of the guys that created so many veterans says something nice then goes and suckles at the teet of the war industry
Still no comment on the veterans who died defending American values against white supremacists who support @POTUS and Republican Party
On this, we agree. Please do what you can to fix the VA and address their mental health needs
@realDonaldTrump wonderful speech all America loves you
No, the majority of America despises Trump and his supporters. Your comment is wrong and irrelevant to the tweet,
Mitch no one cares to hear from you!
How are your rolling eyes doing after the Vietnam War??? You emanate the words Chicken and Creep.
Too little, too late sir. YOU have allowed our country to be destroyed by Russia and the money they put in your pockets NEVER WILL BELIEVE U
Please don't call him sir. He does not deserve it. @SenateMajLdr is a pathetic traitor to USA.
i was being very sarcastic, I agree w you
Do not let their sacrifice be in vain - we must fight for our democracy in their honor #TrumpRussia
Honor them by colluding with Russia, cutting social security and VA benefits while shitting on free press and true democracy.

Nicely done.
You continue to show how much you "respect" our fallen soldiers by defacating on the Constitution! Wise up, pull your weight with Russiagate
You personally have done more to destroy America and our democracy than people know.  You don't deserve to live in this country.
While we send them to war, bring them back home, and don't provide the care the need. After care for veterans is part of the price of war.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?


The majority fell defending corporations, not the nation because of corrupt politicians like you.
Like you care! Oh, did they have money? Then you'd care
What about those who served but not fallen? Shouldn't they be saluted and remembered? Your statement is disrespectful of them.
Hollow words from someone who puts party over country and wants to gut veterans benefits. Bet you are guilty of collusion with Russia too.
And how you are so desperately trying to destroy the freedoms for which they fought?  You really should be ashamed!
Cant wait for your impeachment too #Obstruction is #Treason #SpinelessGOP
An honorable shout out to all those who didn't use the bone spur excuse
So you want to cut their food access and healthcare.  Hypocrisy at it's finest.
It is a shame you are not defending our country from Russia. You are a traitor to our country. You should be behind bars 4 treason
#resist
Your words are meaningless when you are willing to risk our country for Putin. #shameonyou #TrumpRussia #JaredRussia #Treason
Who are rolling over in their graves because of what you are doing to the country they died to defend. Shame on you
Please remember them when you vote to cut their healthcare, housing, & education.
Please remember when your impotent inaction leads to war
Executive and both houses and accomplished nothing. Trump has done all he can without you. We are stunned that you do not cooperate at all
Plus, America has had it with you.
Done.
If you don't get trump's agenda done that means you are hiding behind the filibuster. The voters are enraged that they gave you the
Sir, get to work.
Please get trump's agenda done. End the filibuster. The filibuster will be ended by the democrats soon anyway.

