Also thanks for screwing out of a straight Obamacare repeal.
How bout repealing Obamacare..even though @SenJohnMcCain voted no at last minute prob after gettin $$$$ from schumer n pelosi #draintheswamp

Term limits.
Sirs, the people will not stand a healthcare repeal. You've seen the polls. Nobody wants this.  We want impeachment!
Now let's pass Cassidy/Graham help hard working Americans who own small business, we are forgotten
Build the wall
Are you kidding me
Hes a swamp monster and at best an obstructionist whos made millions off of "public service"
before you love it or hate it, GO READ IT!
Kissing ass won't help you. The man has principle and there is NOTHING you can threaten him with.  You are impotent, but everyone knows.
Who cares about a strong Military if we can't be free. Obamacare is Socialism. Socialism is not freedom. Why a strong Military? Slavery?
Please tell us where you are going to get the money McCain.
It doesn't matter how obama care started it matters how you end it.  Americans will have to live with what you do.  Please work together!
Now provide the leadership to fix healthcare.   Force this past September so democrats and republicans can fix it.  Doesn't matter how it
Thank you Senator McCain, but please ignore Trump's puppet and vote no on repeal and replace - we need YOU!
Birds of a Feather stick together as Traitors.

When he goes off the rail again quill you bust him from committee leadership? Oh, and his budget too!
I sincerely hope John McCain doesn't fall for your sneakiness. I'd like to think he has more smarts.
How about mcain get out of the senate.
You will not destroy lives by taking away healthcare. The turtle is evil. The GOP is evil. You will become obsolete by 2018
Senator McCain pls protect Americans-reject removing access 2 affordable healthcare. U fought 4 us as a soldier. Now do it as a statesman
Repeal Obamacare NOW
Thank you Sen McCain for defeating bill to deny health care to millions!  Now U need to do it again!

So you passed something. Lay off healthcare now!
You are both traitors to the GOP base and to the USA! How you look at yourselves in the mirror is beyond me
You can be replaced too. You guys #GOP are playing Russian roulette . Fix #ACA. Not repeal.@SenJohnMcCain pls do what's right counting on U
John McCain is a traitor a thorn in the side of Rep party he's a menace that needs to be removed immediately #Resign!!!
PASS TAX CUTS!  Do Something!  So sick of you guys!
Consider an editor for your tweets
"Who said money makes the world go 'round?
They just didn't know
Murder runs the globe"
Endorse single payer. Then you will fullfil the Trump promise; great healthcare at lower cost that includes everybody. End Ins companies.
Let's not and say we did.
Your the worst leader ever and nothing more than a failure which proves you are not conservative :
https://www.senateconservatives.com/post/3616 
If only you could strengthen our educationally and spellingly while realizing our militarily is strong enough. #GetYourPrioritiesStraight.
Cut the military and spend the money to help the people.
#SelfServatives
#BananaRepublicans
#KochPuppets
#Corrupt
#Oligarchy
#Kleptocracy
Time to vote you both out. I'm tired so the same crap different day.
Did you thank him for the Dossier too? Get Grassley to bypass blue slip delays for great Conservative judges appointed by @realDonaldTrump !
Now let's pass the repeal and replace of Ocare!!...you think you can do that big man???
If you have not passed the defense bill,  how did McCain make the military stronger? By stopping repeal of Obmacare? No?  Hmmmm?
McConnell we have your number!  Resign now you RINO!
I noticed the Senate passed the defense bill, but not a corresponding funding bill. Are you planning on having a budget?
Misspelled "military."
Both are do nothing rino's thinking about changing parties at least the Dems are loyal!
#KillTheBill the Cassidy-Graham will not make American great, wrong again!
now let's do your jobs and REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE , and pass tax reform, seven years!!!??? that's pathetic
Joseph is a paid Russian Troll
delusional Obummer
CHICKENHAWK!
GOP is working for #warprofiteers not #veterans.
@SenJohnMcCain Graham-Cassidy bill will remove close to 2 million vets off of Medicaid. I don't think that was your intention. Couldn't be!
Hope you can thank him for other things as well. Hope he works for the citizens of this country instead of carrying a grudge.
Strange way to thank one man
Who is your audience? Are you trying to rally a few Senators or reach millions of voters. Think about your message and it's delivery
We can not afford to spend more on unnecessary wars. Stop the war mongoring. Time to spend on the USA.
and vote down this deplorable health bill. @GOP is trying to screw America again just to get a win. Deplorable party politics.
Why are you so eager to pass this? What did you stick on it that doesn't belong there?
The two of you must be kidding, right. I'm so ashamed of the both of you. The military certainly doesn't need help from the likes of you.
Please don't harm millions of Americans by yanking their healthcare -
Thanks Sen McCain you traitor! You launched the dossier & screwed the American people by voting AGAINST Repealing obozocare. Loser!!
Drain The Swamp!!!!
If ur going 2 thank McCain 4 something, thank him for his RIDICULOUS act at the vote 4 repeal/replace. WE certainly thank him...4 NOTHING!
And Mitch you can go with him... DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Thank you John now please retire and go away
Hey Mitch, we don't like you and we ESPECIALLY don't like McCain.
Why weren't U and Senator McCain screaming on the Sunday shows last 8 years! Obama dismantled military and what about rules of engagement!
Losers
Why bother when all the people they are fighting for will be dead due to the horrific health care bill being pushed now.
Militarily? What dat?
And repeal and replace Obamacare and reform tax structure!
REPEAL AND REPLACE RINO mcconnell @SenateMajLdr time for a change!
And please stop the gutting of HC for my daughter and millions of others. Please.. She now has pre existing condition & will be uninsurable
You have a unique opportunity that you are squandering. Support Trump and pass all his agenda. Now!
You both are in the category of weak leaders and I sincerely hope you are replaced in the next election. Shameful exhibition of loyalty.
Please be there for us when you vote on health care. #ProtectOurCare
NDAA is Anti-American
You've used an adverb incorrectly in place of a noun. Kentucky deserves better. Would @SenWarren make such a mistake?

#nightclasses
hows you new found wealth your net worth grew 30% over night must be nice while Americans try to make ends meat from your treason ur fired S
No need 2/rush defense bill-Tax Cut impact? Senate shld 1st see how AZ Senator is voting re @LindseyGrahamSC's healthcare bill @POTUS @WSJ
The miitary does Not need rebuilding!  The $600B given to the military each yr needs to be managed a whole lot better.  That's the rebuild.
REMINDER: The Republican agenda tell us they only care about stealing and hoarding money and their stomachs… #NDAA
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your leadership in helping to strengthen our militarily. Now let's pass the defense bill. #NDAA 
Don't Hold Your Damn Breath!! Shit Go Ahead... 
What's our "militarily"? Time to vote NO on graham Cassidy.
Too bad he didn't do his damn job for #repealobamacare. Get taxes done, and don't mess that up. Voters spoke loudly with votes. LISTEN TO US

Songbird McCain needs to sing the swan song NOW!
He just wants you to help take healthcare away from millions. Buttering you up!
We have our eye on you, Mitch, and it's about #GrahamCassidy and don't you forget it old man.
Militarily?
Now lets keep Americans healthy and stop messing with ACA. GRAHAM CASSIDY will KILL my son & many of ur constituents
Build the wall and fix health care. Don't you get it. Or step down and get out of the way.
You & McCain both need to retire
Strengthen our militarily? I don't know why people think Republicans are intellectually challenged.
You should try to have the devotion that you have for him to the conservative agenda
Now show us you can lead on Healthcare Sen McCain. Support Americans not atrocity graham bill
You are trying too hard to prop him up as a Republican when we all know he is a Democrat working for the Democrats.
work on infrastructure...or nothing will be left of some of the states here that are getting pummeled by all these hurricanes...
Maybe if you hadnt cut it on the first place Mitch. Just to screw Obama. Remember 2013?
Huh? We got you cornered and you will be voted out you  are a fraud #DrainTheSwamp
Now, if you can only get McCain to stop lying about Obamacare.  Why should we trust anything McCain says about the military or anything?
Taxes and Healthcare Mitch! Taxes and Healthcare Mitch! Taxes and Healthcare Mitch! Taxes and Healthcare Mitch! Taxes and Healthcare Mitch!
McCain will tank it, because he is a traitor to America
Yes but now that he is dying they will try to turn #mccain into a saint. Thankfully we have very long memories. May he rot in hell.
Yet @GOP disses @SenJohnMcCain when he tries to strengthen our #Healthcare by asking #Congress to return to regular order?!? #FixTheACA
You would like to get everything passed, that's why you're kissing McCain's ass.
.Oh pls stop patting  yourselves on the back. You and McCain are the problem we see through your phony attempts of being for Wethepeople
Both of you should be in JAIL...
or~at the very least~UNEMPLOYED!!
#DrainTheSwamp

#DrainTheSwamp
#DrainTheSwamp
#DrainTheSwamp This is so true!
#DrainTheSwamp
#DrainTheSwamp

#DrainTheSwamp
#DrainTheSwamp
#DrainTheSwamp
#DrainTheSwamp #MAGA



How about getting a healthcare bill passed instead of using lame excuses of why it's not done.
Yeah let's get that done and let's get Healthcare done this week
#FraudSenate Jihad John McHammad never met a war that didn't make him moist.  McCONnell is a #DeepState enabler and a putz #DrainTheSwamp
Support @POTUS
Better yet you two felons. PASS REPEAL AND REPLACE!!!!!!
The best and only good thing u two old farts can do is RETIRE
THE VETERANS BENNIFITS ARE SCEWED UP;EVERY VETERAN SHOULD RECIEVE THE SAME.NO INTEREST ON VETERAN MORTGAGES; AND NO TAXS EITHER !
Why don't you asked him to pass the healthcare bill first.
Are you kissing his ass for the bullshit healthcare bill you are trying to pass. ?
Thanks for nothing - what about Obamacare & taxes #slowroll
Both of you should step down retire or whatever. Because neither of you are good republicans
McCain is a traitor why should he be thanked for doing his job. He needs to retire
Screw Traitor John McCain...
@jonfavs @jonlovett @danpfeiffer deal with the devil?
Oh no, thank you, Senator McCain't - 
Oh no, thank you, Leader McConnell,
Oh, thank you, Senator McCain't 
Oh, thank you, Leader McConnell
You get nothing turtle boy
You're on twitter? You're more corrupt than the pretender to the throne. We see you. We see the donations to you. History will no be kind.
Mccain needs to be removed, for interfering in the elections. Isn't undermining the gov. Sedition?
You two are Fools McConnel. The voting Republican working class is sick of you and your buddies. Change is coming in 2018.
If he receives any calls on an Iphone, don't let him take the call.
English much Mitch?
You'r so fired clown. Term limits needed for career clown politicians.
Uhhh, you're catching trump's "dumb." Never knew that was contagious
And stop the disaster that is GrahamCassidy. GOP will not survive midterms if this terrible bill is allowed to pass.
This is the best the Maj Leader can come up with? He can compliment failing Senator McCain but doesnt support the people who elected him.
Don't thank McCain he's is a complete waste of taxpayers $$$ and defiantly not a so called hero! Figure it out America
Useless leader IMHO
How about the two of you ride off into the sunset together?
And the healthcare bill. People are really fed up with the establishment and John McCain. He damaged his legacy!
You just don't get it Mitch, he has too many Dem friends and let's not forget SOROS
I would MUCH rather pass this AND healthcare, but that won't happen...
"Our militarily"? #grammarcheck Our "militarily" is large enough.  Compensating for something?
Give me a Break, Trump is helping to strengthen our military. You suck up to this guy so much.
The jig is up, Sen McConnell. You are a major "swamp creature" trying to kill Trump's agenda.
Yeah u give him what he wants, but he ignores what u wanted.  Yeah, he's terrific.
Hey what about pass repeal and replace
John McCain is a LOSER! He needs to resign or go to jail over that fake Russian Dossier. Mueller is using OUR taxpayer $ on this farce #MAGA
John McCain is a traitor to America. Both of you need to support our President





