thanks Capitan Obvious
NOW is the time to talk #guncontrol
The Awan Brothers and Debbie Wasserman Schultz! The spy ring!
Oh, sorry, didn't know you were a bot
IT IS LITERALLY YOUR JOB TO POLITICIZE GUN CONTROL.

I got you ya ol fool.

Talking NOW is appropriate, and you're totally inappropriate.
Let's talk about WHY you keep wanting to push the conversation away...
RIGHT NOW.
Talking now is sane and just.
Not talking is strange and suspicious. And frankly, dismissive and offensive.
Thank us by submitting your resignation letter.
Is this McCain and Graham's company?
McConnell is unfit for office.  VOTE THIS FILTH OUT OF OFFICE!

Mitch and Trump, sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g
#Israel is a terrorist state. This is false advertising. Could you be any more corrupted.
Would you please demonstrate to American public exactly HOW and WHY Israel is "our greatest ally in the Middle East"? Facts please, not BS
Mitch: WE have a Problem In USA with GUNS.Legislate for GUN CONTROL&Stop all your WS distractions while U get richer from The NRA payoffs.
no foreign country can count on US after blotus has insulted every country except RUSSIA!
#GunContolNow
Isn't Israel our only ally in the Middle East?  That's like saying your only brother is your favorite brother.  It means nothing.
Guns going out and drugs coming in?
It's NEVER too early to to talk about #GunReform. It's cowardice to avoid it in order to appease the NRA.

In what war did Israel fight at America’s side? Why does America spend more on Israel defense than Israel? We’re being played.
How did Israel become an ally. Was it because after WW2 America propped up Israel on Palestinian land?
You're no leader
The carnival clown visits  Puerto Rico to comfort its citizens
This thrice traitorous POS needs to die in prison.

@housegop @senatedems @senategop @Hillaryh4444Hos
OMG, this tweet got over 100 likes.  Must be your donors, right?
At rate @POTUS is going, #Israel may be our only ally... Nah, he'll probably piss it off too!  Trump better @netanyahu stays in power! YUK!
Why? How? To what end?
Hard work. Hmmmm.  You could learn a lot from him.
Just prettiest and most Republican, remember, he who insults Egypt is foolish.
RESIGN You BUM !!!

Hey 
Trump administration weighing executive order on welfare: report - The Hill
https://apple.news/ANEHU5jfUQZGtiSRqExXSPQ …
Netanyahu is a 
trouble maker...
Just like your POTUS...

NRA OWNS YOU MITCH
I thought it was the house of Saud
No they won’t
We can't afford Healthcare for all, but Israel can, thanks to the big fat welfare check they get from US.
God blesses those who bless Israel... Israel. America. Jews and Christians that serve Yahweh. 10 tribes of Israel & 2 tribes of Judah #MAGA

STOP the "it's not the right time to talk about gun control" bit said after every shooting. NOW is the time for you to DO YOUR JOB.
Give me a few billions and I will be your friend too
@POTUS  yOU WONT FIX YOUR IMAGE BY CUDDLING  >>> up to popular political idea's.
They are an oppressive regime and their human rights record is atrocious. The US is complicit in the abuse of the Palestinian people
Because we like apartheid regimes.
Then why does the #MAGA mob chant "The Jews Will Not Replace Us"?
Its odd when you say that and yet the potus calls neo nazi's, who like to burn jews in ovens, "good people".

We're NOT helpless. Here are some measures most Americans support that could help stop future mass shootings. Pass it on. (h/t @sangerkatz) 
When will Jared Kuchner secure peace in the Middle East? 

Great no wonder this world is so screwed up. Our gov't supports Israel with our tax dollars while they kill Palestinians.
...for as long as they are paying you.
Mitch, please retire. Neither Washington nor Ky want you in politics any more. You're done.
Israel is a terrorist state. In violation of international laws
You really earned this pathetic and undignified end to your career
#Israel is an apartheid state and the US needs to stop giving the $8 million a day to terrorize the Palestinian people.
Talk about anything but the Vegas massacre....talk about anything but the Vegas massacre...talk about....
And you're welcome Israel, for the $35 billion we give to you each and every year so we don't have to help our country's poor.
Post anything but don’t mention this. #straighttohell



Hey Mitch and Bibi, I am not sure if I like him. He was arrogant with me...

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”

