Freedom Act?? Freedom to die without insurance?
Until Democrats take a stand against aborting a million babies a year, they can just shut up about the Republicans "killing people."
Republicans R pro birth. GOP doesn't give a damn about the child once it is born. Death penalty , Ripping away health care proves it.
Well that shut them up! Works every time! #GOPsilence
I'm so tired of these hysterical melodramatic liberals talking about millions of people dying. Pple will die is if we don't repeal! Fact!
So you have to ask yourself, will more people die WITH insurance or WITHOUT...hmmmmmm #RepairandImprove
I havde Obamacare. I CANNOT USE IT ANYWHERE! So until you actually HAVE TO LIVE WITH IT??  You should shut up!  REPEAL THIS CRAP!
You are not what #OURFOUNDINGFATHERS ENVISAGED. Trying to pass a bill without any PUBLIC SCRUTINY OR DEBATE.
Why not.. the Dems did it with Obamacare
Actually, that's far from the truth! It took 1yr+, hundreds of amendments and many public debates. Can you tell me what's in this bill?
I have a VERY WELL DEVELOPED UNDERSTANDING. Ok, tell me what MIPS/MACRA are & effect on treatment, reimbursement and outcomes?
http://Bullshit.You 're trying to sneak this monstrosity through and you don't give a damn who it hurts or kills.Shame!
#SkinnyRepeal
Vote NO!  A YES VOTE BETRAYS MILLIONS OF AMERICANS!
Quit lying to the #American people! This bill will destroy lives! #VoteNoOnTrumpcare
Liar liar liar.
DO YOUR DAMN JOB!!!!! YOU ALL PROMISED TO REPEAL!!!! DOOOOOOO IT ALREADY!!!!!!
Senator McConnell, We expect #FullRepeal that means Gov't out #FreeMarketOptions IN  
#UnitedForFreedom
St. JUDE we want JUSTICE against those who want to endanger health of children , elderly, your previous poor, all for sake of a tax break.
Buzz off thug
Let Ins CO's sell in all states! Free Market! Liberty for all. Stop whoring for state Pimps & say No to Socialist Republicans @JohnKasich
Mitch, get back working on #FullRepeal Ocare Step 1.  We need leadership!
You are sabotaging the ACA!! You're only interested in repealing Obamacare!! You could care less how many Americans you hurt!!
Why don't you stop trying to destroy it and work to strengthen the ACA for the few it hurt instead of putting millions at risk of death?
You're an embarrassment to this country!
#SenateSucks
#NottobeTrusted
please just fucking stop
Oh ya...what happened the @GOP Is failing America and Americans, quit making excuses #notmytaxdollars for failing socialist healthcare 
Such cynical garbage — "skinny repeal" and "freedom". Freedom to go bankrupt and die? Does the GOP have any integrity left? #fixACA
Shame on you.Hope every life lost or ruined 4 your power trip sits on your conscious if u have 1.May you never have a restful night's sleep.
You've single handedly ruined the United States Senate. The worlds most deliberative body. You made it a joke. Shame on you! #skinnyrepeal
#Senate passes #Obamacare repeal, #PlannedParenthood defunding bill, putting Republicans on record
Passing a #HealthCare with out the input of: Doctors, Hospitals, Healthcare experts, Clinics, etc. Is so wrong in some many ways
The Dems did it.. what's changed

Pelosi: we don't know what's in it let's pass it so we can read what's in it
That was fake news at its worst.  Something taken out of context.  A great Repub and lobbyists trick.  Congress is corrupt, change it!

Vote blue you people stink. Blue will the way we will turn this around
Repeal. You need to get your s### together. We are feed up with your disloyalty to our president.
No u were not trying to give us something http://better.You  never once,since election wanted to work with Dems.
U want the divide,U encourage violence & U let Russia go unpunished
MY SUGGESTION FIRST WRITE THE BILL !IN A BIPARTISAN WAY !THEN REPEAL! WHAT HARM CAN HAPPEN !FOR ANOTHER 6 MONTHS TO A YEAR TILL YOU HAVEABIL
Freedom Act? As in freedom from healthcare? You are a piece of work.
You've lied every step of the way. Don't expect anyone to start believing you now. You are a lousy leader & a desperate evil man.
Man, the look on your face when McCain voted NO. I've never seen an elderly turtle look so sad.
Then we can vote on getting you out of office, for harming our Democratic processes and dereliction of your oath. You work for us. Not 45
And the 16 million of your fellow American will be left with nothing. #liar

First of all it's lose, not loose. Employers will not longer have to offer insurance so many will lose it through work. Premiums will go up
20% more EVERY year so many will not be able to afford it. States can request waivers which will affect even more people.
Serious point: after tonight no Rep will be able to complain that Dems are abusing process, ramming thru legislation when they win control
2018 will be a referendum on the harm that the Republican Party needlessly inflicted on millions of people by sabotaging their health care.
You and the other senators don't deserve vacation. Pathetic.
Shame on you. May you forever be remembered as the man that used every dirty trick to kill America's, so rich and greedy will pay less taxes
In the mean time, you throw 22 million off of healthcare.... LIAR!  KILLER!!
You really want THIS as your legacy, Mitch? You think THIS is gonna make your grandkids proud to be your offspring?
IF the DC reps were *really* looking out for We the People you would all vote for 100% repeal. U know, like U did during previous regime?
 #russianpuppet #traitor
You are the one doing the damage, you don't care because you have the best healthcare our money can buy, for life, what's up with that?

people lost homes and 401ks regularly pre aca and you never gave a crap, why now @GOP ??
@VP @SpeakerRyan Tonight the people spoke via their elected officials. The vast majority want to keep the ACA & make changes, not yank it.
You four, w/a handful of other soulless ghouls wanted to crush it, along w/the lives of the most vulnerable. You lying, hypocrites lost.
Blah blah blah...
Why didn't YOU involve Dr.'s, hospitals, healthcare orgs? You wanted to take sole credit for the victory & now you get it for the loss!
U are literally trying 2 kill me,my family & my grandkids. You seem to think we r anti2nd;we are pissed off liberals that will confront you.
You are a sick person who needs help.  Please seek it.  You have better coverage than you want to give Americans.
Hey Mitch! Care to opine on how this went for you? Just curious...No? Oh, ok, carry on then...
Never underestimate the power of Trump support! All have, and all where wrong!
Where have you been? Three Republicans got your tongue, Turtle?

What happened?
You caused the damage in the first place Cecil, #rancidpenis
OC is a total disaster with lack of choice, high deductibles & premiums.  Let's not forget campaign promises to R&R OC.  Amer des better.
Mitch McFacepunchable is the most despicable weasel in Washington.
Sorry turtle. You lose.
You're Fired!
U WILL NOT LIE UR WAY OUT OF THIS ONE
Sadly, you guys can't get anything done.
#epicfail McConnell. You lose.
you and your cohorts will fail every time. Spiteful old men!!!  Your day  is over, move out of the way.
Sounds like a winner. Let me know when it passes. #MAGA
Nice to see you crying that you won't get to fuck over the country. Poor, sad turtle-demon.
Adding Freedom to terrible bills doesn't make it right. You wanna pull the wools over people's eyes by using CATCHWORDS.
Mitch, the secrecy and chicanery hasn't worked! Why not try passing a bill the way the Senate was designed to work? Just saying.
You, senator, have done more damage to America than Obamacare ever has or will. Can't stand it that a black man did better can ya?
I just wanted POTUS to go on TV for an hour and explain the bill like Obama did. He had no idea what was in it. Just wanted a win screw us.
freedom from healthcare.. you're brilliant. and by brilliant I mean criminally negligent. 
#HealthcareBill  #SilentMajority #waiting #if it doesn't #pass #revolt against  #demonstrate #hospitals #government #rape us #stop #mandate
Time to stop blaming the Dems and start trying to work together.
Goodafternoon liar. You lied to Americans. Should be ashamed. Let America down liar.  Have a great day liar.
I'm sure this represents some of your contituents. They almost lost their Medicaid because of you/Ryan/@POTUS
Trump wants to "let Obamacare implode" while some GOP lawmakers are now calling for bipartisan effort to #MakeACABetter. Should Republicans:
@SenateMajLdr it's time you punish the Traitor @SenJohnMcCain and strip him of his chairmanship & throw him out of the @GOP
I need to know more about this.
You are causing damage. There is no justification for Senate process on this health care bill.Millions of people’s healthcare is on the line
@McConnellPress @POTUS GOP WILL PAY IN 2018. You will be Repealed&Replaced as Majority Leader. @SenatorCollins @SenCapito

You don't speak for America !   Only for your own interests...
End Ocare now - we the people will not bailout the health insurance companies anymore.  Try again with repeal legislation of OCare this WK.

HI I'M MITCH MCCONNELL. I'M NOT A LEADER BUT I PLAY ONE IN DC!
(I'm a heartless selfish bastard who shouldn't be anywhere near government!)
Now....resign.
But YOU HAVE NO PLAN. YOU HAVE NO PLAN. YOU HAVE NO PLAN. YOU HAVE NO PLAN. HOW CAN U REPEAL WHEN YOU HAVE NO PLAN. YOU HAVE NO PLAN?
Ripping health care from millions of Americans is not damage control, stop being trumps baby Man
Get it done!  The American people want free market solutions & choice not Govt controlling their lives!  Stand strong & FIGHT!!
Don't trust the House! Please come up with a real plan and then take a vote on something ppl believe in and can support.
No passing will show the american people you and your party are failed! Please step down if it is another fail ^^ THANK YOU ^^
You people and your fake Obamacare damage BS.  The ACA gave health insurance to millions.
Undo it's "damage" by raising premiums and insuring 16 M less? Oh the damage the taxes did to your billionaire donors bank accounts.
Yeah freedom to get hosed ! You are damaging us more than anyone - evil troll
Yet, you can't offer a better plan nor work with dems. You can't actually govern alone.
had free health care not saved your life we would never be in this situation in the first place. Truly monstrous. Shameful. Disgraceful.
Damage? To what?
Get bent
How's yet more failure feel?  Now your crying about it on the Senate floor and blaming others.  Resign if you feel so bad.
Heckuva Job, Twatwaddle!
Get Back In Your Shell!!!
Watching your attempt @ dismantling #obamacare over and over is incredible. How many times do you want to realise how much you suck?
WORK ON BIPARTISAN FIXES TO ACA
 #SaveACA #FixACA #SaveMedicaid #enoughisenough 
#TheResistance
Drain the swamp! We will remember in '18 & '20. Impotent!
Stop trying to kill poor people, none of you are even subtle about how little you care about other human beings. go away forever.
Are you #BoredWithWinning yet? #MAGA
you are no leader! #SkinnyRepeal fails! You need to RESIGN!
If TrumpCare passes, its historic failures will be the lowlight of the least popular @POTUS in history.
Perhaps we need a new leader as you seem to be unable to lead the senate republicans
House is gonna pass as is. U voted Y on a very bad bill that less than 15% Americans approve. You are in the pockets of billionaires #shame
Now perhaps you will begin to listen to the people who pay for your salary and YOUR health insurance.
No.
I don't believe you! You and so many other phonies have lied to us for years! REPEAL NOW!
there's more people in the world who need affordable health care than greedy rich people #MAGA
Lie
Watching you lie and lecture the people in the senate who did the real work of providing healthcare for the people of the USA.
Freedom Act? LOL.
How do either of you look in the mirror?
8 fucking years to make a plan and it's still shit, most punchable man in America right now

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
You're a disgrace. Utterly in the pockets of donors & lobbyists. How have you got so rich being a senator? Your fall will be epic and swift.
What is wrong with you, Mr. Turtle? Nobody is buying what you're selling. You are doing more damage than just leaving the ACA as it is.
Hahahhahhaha. Loser! You are such a noob with this governing thing. 
Repeal majority of Koch owned egregious, detrimental republicans. POTUS is psychotic & republicans will destroy health care

ObamaCare saved my husband's life! The GOP plan will cause his death and/or our financial ruin! This is for party and a "win" only. Shameful
Time to remove Murkowski from Interior #DumpMurkowski
The house is going to rubber stamp this monstrosity and you know it.  Will you like this process when you're in the minority?
If you weren't secretive & spent a year developing a plan & held town halls, you wouldn't be a loser. POTUS44 can show you how it's done
Very grateful for ACA and Medicaid. My granddaughter was 3 pounds when she was born. Now she is healthy, smart and a wonder woman.

"If the people who wrote this bill were proud of it, they wouldn’t be forcing this vote in the dead of night." -- Mitch McConnell, 2009
You go out of your way to exclude the Democrats at every turn, and then blame them for a plan you wrote in secret that has 13% approval?
You are the ones damaging the nation. Soulless vampires, driven by racism and greed.
You broke the ACA.  This mess is YOUR FAULT.
Long live Obama's Legacy, weasels.
lawlawlawlawlawlawlawl
I say we repeal your healthcare old man
Sir, by standing up to bullying & misogynist behavior @lisamurkowski elevated GOP, you'd be well served to include her & @SenatorCollins.
I think if you got into a rowboat on the east coast and just started rowing toward the horizon, that would be great.
The GOP isn't even close to having any plan or consensus.  Why should the American people trust you with the entire healthcare system?
How did this go?
Both Senate and House should take ZERO vacation in August to do people's business: pass Kate's & immig law, progress tax cuts, etc!  Morons!

YOU ARE A MONSTER.
TIL not letting thousands die = "damage"
