Wow! You have really redefined fiscal responsibility
Balloons the deficit by $1.5 trillion! Strange you fail to mention that. While giving tax cuts to corporations and the 1%!!
GOP Plan lies: Destroys the environment, New World Order, legal racism, Favors 1%, deregulation, Act 10, high cost of health care, Poverty!!
And provided enough money to give away to the wealthy. Why not
Guts #Medicare, the health insurance that accompanies Social Security. Apparently #House & #Senate do not understand that!
Cuts Medicaid which will destroy Special Needs families.
Such bulls..t


Saves Mitch McConnell & other millionaires millions
Adds billions to the national deficit
Shows what greedy hypocrites theGOP truly is
Screws the American people. Again....
We know this plan reduces the social safety net & hurts the elderly & sick. What a sad society that would prioritize that way.
Liar! The budget proposed will massively increase the deficit and hurt the working poor and the middle class

You lie
Mitch, the bitch of the 1%.
Lies lies lies yeah
"Reins in"meaning take medicare & medicaid money away & give billion $$ tax breaks to rich. Great budget!
Adds 2.3 Trillion to the nat’l deficit
Ends food stamps
Gives billionaires MILLIONS. Who’s running against this guy in 2020? Anyone?
How do you think any of that is true from this budget?
Destroys Medicare and Medicaid!
It doesn’t hurt poor people, does it?
#gopbudget cuts social security
Enriches 1%
FUCKING LIAR
You are so out of touch with reality. You are helping destroy America!

Tax cuts for the wealthy, tax increases for the middle class, reductions to Medicare and Medicaid spending, increases to the budget deficit.
$1.5 trillion over 10 years in debt-financed tax cuts, busting earlier Republican pledges of strict fiscal discipline
The smell your bullshit makes me throw up every time.
And gives big boost to the wealthy and big business.
The only solution is to #taxtherich and tax them heavily.
And gives more $ to your wealthy friends
Of Harry Reid jammed this budget through you'd be having a mental breakdown
You are full of lies
Sure got you Tweeting daily Do Not Let this Bully scare you, he just a real Piece of Crap! @realDonaldTrump Cannot Lead, Cannot tell truth!
Mitch’s budget also:
+ benefits the super wealthy
+ hurts working families
+ makes the Koch Brothers happy
+ increases the national debt
Now if it could just get rid of you and your poor excuse for a job.
delete this
You lying sorry excuse for s man.
Rein in #trump
Steals from the working poor, grossly inflates the deficit, benefits the rich and corporations who then make contributions to you. #liar
#gofuckyourself #ufuckingtool
Dangling a tax cut for the middle class like you've actually accomplished something for the  people and not your owners
Wait until people realize all we need to do is vote out all incumbents and remove your pensions and benefit packages
And your taking a pay cut?
Senator. I have absolutely zero confidence in you!!!
Bullshit. You cut Medicare and Medicaid. You’re monsters.
And we’re supposed to believe YOU? RINO!
Gutting Medicare & Medicaid to give tax cuts to the very wealthy, you SHOULD be ashamed but you have no shame...#HealthcareIsLife #Crooks
Your #budget delivers fiscal irresponsibility and
 lies
 lies 
 more lies

good job
Takes money away from Medicare
guess u don't want to talk abt gutting of medicare & medicaid to pay for ur rich donors tax breaks. & u probably don't want to talk DEFICIT.
The words responsibility, protects, and complies gives up the goat here, Mitch. Next time try words that aren't so antithetical. #budgetlies
You also told us how wonderful your healthcare plan was good too. How many lies are you going to tell.
@GOP = fiscal cliff #GreatRecession #housingcrash #toobigtofail You don't know what you are doing ....
By the way you’re pathetic makeover/ life changeover was ridiculed by Rush!
Lies lies lies! It helps billionaires like everything the GOP does!
Exhibit I've-lost-track
Stop lying Mr. McTurtle-head!
Nope. Just stop this nonsense @SenateMajLdr
"I am a liar.  It does none of those things.  It only helps wealthy people like me"--Senator Mitch McConnell
When the @GOP says "protect social security" they mean make so you'll get it much later and receive only pennies on the dollar to give rich people tax cuts.


GOP budget cuts Medicare to fund tax cuts for rich. #Notonepenny
bad 4 our people, BAD 4 USA, Good 4 Special Interest & 1%, Mitch tell the truth to the American People, u sold ur soul!

You’re leaving something out aren’t you?
D. None of the above.
You forgot (helps our wealthy buddies & corporations while screwing the middle class yet again. You’re bad for “We The People”. Retire now!
This budget guts our Social Safety Net for all middle class & poor voters & gives it all to wealth billionaires.
Nope! 
#fakenews #lies you can cut taxes and increase #military $$ w/o cutting EVERYTHING else out. Militrary is 1/3 the budget!!
.@SenateMajLdr Might as well be Nero...fiddling and complicit.
Do u no how 2
tell the truth? Deficit 
INCREASES. 80% benefit 2 wealthy. $ from Medicaid, Medicare,education, environment , women's issues.
THANK YOU...WE NEED FISCAL RESPONSIBILITY...OUR STAGGER DEBT IS ENOUGH TO MAKE ME VOMIT
#Trutlesoup, if you were really worried about spending, you wouldn't have signed off tens of billions more for foreign wars. -_-'
It cuts Medicare & Medicaid to pave the way for the Tax Reform Plan to give huge tax cuts to rich. You do Kentuckians and all Americans a grave disservice. Party& Donors over country as always. I am deeply disappointed (But not at all surprised). #TAKECAREOFTHERICH
Does YOUR tax plan rein in gov spending 4defense? Taxes shld benefit everybody in the areas of health care&education. I HATE paying for war.
BULLSHIT. IT GIVES 2000 taxpayers millions of saving while the rest of is pick up the tab.
NO, the people DON'T support GOP budget. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Really? What about the trillion dollar cuts to Medicare? You are so full of shit that the stench announces your pending arrival in miles.
If you don't PASS TAX REFORM FIX HEALTHCARE AND BUILD THE WALL. YOU NEED TO BE FIRED FOR NOT DOING YOUR JOB IMMEDIATELY
I feel like McConnell's unsubstantiated claims that budget really is good for all,  is like trump telling us TrumpU was not a scam.
It seems since Trump has taken office more is being spent by him and cabinet members on frivolous travel at expense and GOP does nothing!
Increase tax on middle class to give rich a tax cut, trickle down economics have never worked middle class no money to spend economy dies
So this is why you want to pass a tax cut to the top 5% and corporations that threatens to make National Debt larger? #NoCorporateWelfare
Protects SS lmfao coming from a party that has stole from it how many times and doesn’t want to pay back money the GOP used to fund wars
“Delivers fiscal responsibility” aka “fuck the middle class and the poor, so we can give more tax breaks for the rich.”
Lies
Lies
Lies
Gives the Koches theirvoay iff st the expense of working American people. We know we're being screwed here.
Do it and QUIT holding back
I’ve watched members of the congress lie to us for decades. All the members of congress have lied to us for so long they believe themselves.
Devastates Medicare and Medicaid however!
When will Congress do something about the out of control debt & spending? https://twitter.com/Federalists_USA/status/915303645591171072 …
You LIE 
You’re #UNTRUSTWORTHY
I’ll bet it doesn’t
Please stop posting your bullshit.   Disengenuous at best unscrupulous at worst.   My money's on the later.  U2 @POTUS.

Build the wall
I'm tossing out the BS flag.
Make friends with @SenSanders. Do right by the people, the real people.
Republicans have never afforded USA fiscal responsibility. GOP always blows up Econ & DEMS always fix it.
Leader, It is time for you to discipline Trump hater McCain, remove him from  Cte. Chairs. His latest about SF in Niger his sanity
Sir, I'm sorry but no one trusts you. You have lost credibility and as much as that hurts... It's the truth.
"Our budget will take from the little people and give it to our rich white friends" - McConnell translation
Does it reduce military spending?
Doesn’t use surplus to pay down deficit
 cuts Medicare to pay for tax cuts for rich people like me

Adds a ton of tax burden to the middle class 
Gives a boatload of money to the wealthy

Fixed it for you

Fail
More lies.
and guts healthcare to pay for cuts for the rich
NO
CUT CUT CUT CUT THE GOVERNMENT WE DO NOT WANT YOUR PROGRAMS! STOP MAKING ME PAY FOR OTHER PEOPLE.
And is a huge boon to the ultra rich, doing nothing for those suffering except cutting Medicaid.
#MAGA #trump #tax #health .@TexasGOP .@GOP .@JohnCornyn .@SenTedCruz
I love how GOPers say they’ll “protect” Soc Security when they mean they’ll CUT it.
And you'll use it to slam health care
Just because you use check marks instead of bullet points does not make such statements true.
You still have not reauthorized children’s health insurance. Shameful. Think about someone besides yourself and your own pockets.
More for the rich, that's all you and your Christian cronies care about
does the budget balance or have any allocation to redeem any outstanding debt??
Quit lying. When was last time you supported something for middle class?
How about reigning in the illegitimate buffoons spending? How many golf trips? The 250k NFL stunt. Cabinet flying on our dime. Start there.
Increases federal deficit by $1.2 TRILLION. TRILLION WITH A “T”.
Spending on Medicaid and Medicare protects social security how? Spending cuts take a cut in your pay cut donor money to candidates cut trips
And you support an immoral, lying president at the cost of your own soul.
Well quit talking and get the budget bill passed!
BULL SHIT!
Lies

Fake news
Alternative facts 

What the rest of Amerika calls lies. 

Sad
Those red checkmarks totally distract me from how shitty of a person you are, Mitch. 

It's really not.
Your budget is a #failure !
#NoOneCares !! #TrumpRussia
How about reigning in government corruption? @FBI @TheJusticeDept
Lies and u know it, just as dishonest & heartless as yr healthcare debacle. #taxtherich.
Now that is beyond funny!
Dear Mitch McConnell & Paul Ryan: 
My healthcare premiums and tax will increase. I’m a single mom, these policies will hurt us in ways you cannot fathom.
Your so full of shit McConnell! There isn't one single anaylsis of the GOP plan that substanicates your claim!


Don't forget the main objective: CUTS TAXES ON THE RICHEST PEOPLE IN AMERICA. Can't wait for their additional wealth to trickle down.
‘Your’ #budget is a massive gift for the ultra wealthy of America and chicken feed for everyone else. LIES, LIES & MORE LIES.
Liar
That’s fine.  Our vote in 2018, 2020 will also deliver fiscal responsibility regarding congressional seats!   Enjoy your last remaining time

 Sticks it to middle class Americans

Thanks Dear Leader
Oh! Now I feel better! So glad you provided all that detail!
...and what about medicare?  I notice you do not mention medicare in this tweet?
Liar
Why are you supporting Trump's lies?  Government spending is a matter of helping our nation.  No tax breaks for the wealthy!  Cut Congress $
hurts medicaid, raises the deficit, etc....................
You are a sell out.  You lack integrity.  Integrity, where your inside and outside match.  You are shameful.  Republican?  No.
What about Medicare Medical,both of which are crucial to the wellbeing of our citizens?  Stop avoiding theses issues or resign NOW.
LOL, SERIOUSLY WHAT DO TURTLES KNOW ABOUT BUDGETS??!! 
Also guts Medicaid & Medicare + ensures GOP funding for upcoming elections. Sounds like it's win-win for you, but what about rest of us???
Keep telling yourself that.  #RichGetRicher
Racist

  Increases already bloated military budget
  Cuts Medicare,
  Screws millions of Americans, to make the Donor$ happy
Bloated Military
Gutted services for the most vulnerable
Fat kickbacks to billionaire donors, balanced against the working class.
Get rid of #AMT
Yup that trickle down crap sure works old man
Excellent tweet.
Is this before or after the proposed tax cuts for the wealthy (aka yourself, your colleagues, and your donors).

If it doesn't cover these things then a tax cut is out of the question. Because trickle down doesn't work & these programs will be important
Does it renew the CHIP program? These are the important things. If these things aren't covered then you're not keeping America safe.

#4 Check yourself out at the door, Mitch.
