This jacket fits you and your @Republicans perfectly. This jacket says everything about your tax reform.
Why don't you switch to DEMOCRAT
Senator McConnell would be great to go to the fair tax act seriously push for the fair tax act
YA, PEOPLE, TAX REFORM FOR THE RICH.That is who this golden turkey is beholden to The Koch Brothers and the 1%.
HE DOESN'T GIVE A LICK ABOUT THE PEOPLE OF KY. Don't believe his BS!!
Speaking of taxes, have you seen #TrumpTaxes yet? Do you know how much he owes to #Russia?
Trump just tweeted about highest stock market and many more jobs, etc. Economy is growing fine. When you mess with it, it will tank!

Remember who you work for and it isn't the corporations!
We need to see Trump's tax returns first. How else can we know how he will personally benefit?
Right! Now Calculate the Dollars correctly & fairly And the Economy will Grow!
Killing the baby boomers to give tax cuts to the buffones you work might make a few people angry to say the least
McConnell sucks, Ryan sucks! Both are Trumps  He doesn't even like them but they still pucker up to him
Make the economy grow for who? The drug companies, the insurance companies, the Koch Brothers and their conference! You are slime!
I see you two are cranking up your next batch of lies. Guess what? Most of us know the tax cuts only help your rich donors. Trickle up econ.
I think I speak for the majority when I say "we are done with you"
All you have ever done with your buddies is find ways to get rich while dismantling America's values...@POTUS  are through.#ImpeachTrump
Koch Brothers prepare pivot to Tax Reform! Read this McConnell parrots their words https://twitter.com/wtfnanetwork/status/890572097541615616 …
Koch is a slaver. He wants this country to be his slave. No  words are strong enough to describe this hateful man and brothers and sisters
Anything McConnell supports will hurt the average citizen as he has been bought and paid for by Corporations and Russian money. Vote em out!
90% on the rich and corporations along with stopping the tax cuts on dividens and capital gains
NO TRUMP TAX RETURNS-
NO TAX REFORM

Americans WANT TO KNOW how it will profit the trump family empire and Russia, FIRST!
#TaxReform
So u can make the rich, richer?
I thought it was repealing Obamacare. Oh, yeah, you couldn't get that done.
This Independent wants to know if your #TaxReform will benefit regular folks like me & my family? A few decades ago I would be middle class.
Senator McConnell you are in the pocket of the wealthy
So get it done. The Senate is holding everything back.
So wrong.  People need to feel secure about their health + the health of their loved ones -- you totally screwed it up.  #ImpeachTrump
#FullRepeal of Obamacare is MORE important. @SenateMajLdr stands with Democrats
Repealing Obamacare, its onerous fines and mandates, bringing premiums and deductibles back down, would help the economy tremendously!
If I were not doing my job I would not have a job, much less be granted a vacation!!! Stay in Washington and DO YOUR DARN JOB!!!!
No getting the Russian traitor out of The White House is 1st priority.
Press @realDonaldTrump to sign the Sanctions bill. Nothing for anyone without that business done.
No tax reform without 10 years of IRS long forms released from Trump. We need transparency.
MEDICARE FOR ALL
How about showing POTUS taxes as an example of tax needing reform. You can bet your reform could start there.
If you let Trump sabotage healthcare markets we will swarm you! There will be no tax reform, no nothing! Fix it. Serve! Our will. NOT YOURS!
The taxpayers demand action on this! We are being robbed by obamacare and high taxes at every paycheck! No cuts since 2001! Help us! MAGA!
Just to remind all of you, TALK IS CHEAP. ITS ACTIONS THAT COUNT.  That's what the voters will remember in November
Your health care benefit should be the same as the taxpayers. No exemptions. The people are fed up. Bring all majority to 51.
You need to cancel august recess and get health care done, then tax reform. You all have enough recesses and we don't.
You and the rest of the cowards in the @gop folded on repealing OCare. We will not forget in 2018, 2020, 2022. Days are numbered
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10215044216685587&id=1435398287&refid=7&_ft_=top_level_post_id.10215044216685587&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
You folded to false murder accusations on healthcare but can handle accusations of robbing the poor and padding the debt to help the rich?
@SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Please do not fund a wall we do not need! #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
MCConnell idea of 'improving the economy' is make billionaires like Trump even richer and the rest of us poorer
Now that's just downright dog doo doo
Top 1%, in terms of income, got 85% of income growth btw 2009 and 2013. In 15 states, top 1% captured all income growth during same period.
Are you going to do that behind close doors. Or man up and work with dems. Because in 2020 you're fired
McConnell and Ryan, there's a team nothing good can come from. In 2018  you guys you guys are gone. Maybe sooner then later with your boss.
This conservative has lost complete hope in the GOP. The party is a miserable failure. You'll fail spectacularly. You're all useless.
Make corporations pay what they used to when America thrived. 30%.
Have you no shame?
You have no courage to stand up to a bully.
You are an embarrassment.
@SpeakerRyan #taxreform please work in a bipartisan way.
Thought healthcare was
May for those that are rich. The rest of us would rather not get a net tax increase
Go away.
No confidence u can get it done.
If you get this through it will be an important single action.
You mean TAX CUTS FOR RICH FUCKS? Try it assholes, The USA will make you accountable for this shitstorm of partisan greed and fuckery. NOWAY
When will you learn trickle down not only doesn't work--- it's bad, except for 2%.
I thought it was ACA.
@SpeakerRyan
You wouldn't know how to grow an economy GOP has ONLY screwed the economy for the last 30yrs. YOU GOT NOTHING! GIVE UP! RESIGN!
Giving more money to the wealthy does NOT grow our economy. You've proven that time again again.
Stop talking and DO something. So sick of you both betraying our President.
grow your wealthiest & Putin
We all saw how GOPs tax reform helped Kansas plummet. @EricGreitens is going to do the same with MO. Your reform is to help the rich only!
To line ALL of your pockets, amirite? #TrickeDownFailed #Morons #DERP #Dictators #TURTLEPOWER!
Do it in bipartisan way or it goes nowhere. Do it with 51 vs. 60 and you are no better than Trump as he continues to upend our constitution
Given the ballooning deficit, how can you consider lowering taxes, especially on the wealthy, who don't deserve or need it?
@SpeakerRyan it'll never happen the GOP is ridiculously incompetent of doing anything for this country follow trumps lead !!!
Whatever happened to the fair tax? people don't understand it does not mean it's not a good idea. I can explain it.
Why don't we get Trumps tax statements
Really? You think it's more important than health care?
So now we can expect days of these pablum tweets since you f#%d up healthcare?  Can't wait!
Reagan's trickle down economics and the laffer curve are proven failures for middle America yet you want to revisit them again. Mistake
You need to retire.  U too old to take to twitter and u too old to lead the Senate
Repealing and replacing Congress so we can impeach a tyrant in the White House is the most important step America will take.

If you think Obama care turned out bad for you, wait till you get into tax reform. I suggest you retire now.  You won't get out alive.
Bla bla bla bla bla bla bla.  That's all we hear.
Now don't you forget to give all the rich people real good tax breaks on the backs of middle America whose voice you are trying to surpress
COME ON AND PROVE IT! SHOW US YOUR PROOF, JUST LIKE YOUR DEVASTATING HEALTH CARE FIASCO!!! WE'RE NOT STUPID AND YOU'RE DOING DOWN!!!
NO IT'S NOT! IT'S THE SINGLE MOST DEVASTATING ACTION TO OUR COUNTRY! THE ONLY ONES WHO WILL BENEFIT ARE THE 1%!!! NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!!!
Make sure your tax reform benefits struggling Americans, as well as middle class Americans. No loop holes for the 1%. They have enough!
Of course it is now since you screwed up Obamacare
Get it done then!!
Yeah, good luck, LIAR. No one trusts you on taxes any more than on ACA. You will never help your rich friends get richer. We are onto you.
The biggest taxes wexarevdc
Show it to us and "we" will let you know.
Retire while you're behind.
Then, of course, giving all that money to the rich. Only thing your reform does is make the rich richer, the poor poorer, no middle class.
GOO tax reform: take student loans away from poor so they can't go to college, removing any grants or aid for poor and middle class....
As long as it doesn't hurt me or my family. I'm not rich. So, if you plan in taking my money and giving it to the rich I will raise hell.
#Reagan 's tax cuts didn't even work. It was massive deficit spending during #Reagan years that stimulated growth #TrickleDown doesn't work
If you have 1.6 billion for a useless wall, you never need one more dollar from me.
No, repealing Obamacare and taking us off the road to socialized medicine slavery was the most important action you could take.
No trust re healthcare, no trust on tax reform. You only help the rich. WHEN ARE YOU UP FOR RE-ELECTION? Replace Ryan and McConnell #VOTE

How are you going to get tax reform when ACA  can't be passed!!!
DO IT!!!  No excuses!
I cannot tell you how disgusted I am by your lying, subversive agenda against the American people. We want you out of leadership and office.
Try bipartisanship this time.
It is about time that Republicans in congress repeals Obamacare and starts something good for US Citizens only!!!!!!
that's coz u hit a dead end with #Obamacare couldn't give  ur rich friends the tax breaks u promised them. try it we ll stop u #Obstruction
Joint Statement on Trump's removal from office is what the country needs.  Wait much longer, and we will be at war with multiple countries.
Is McCain going to sink that ship too? Good grief, did he vote for Obama in 2008?
Please don't stop on healthcare reform! We in the middle class are suffering under Obamacare!
When I see it I'll believe it! Sad situation and we're paying for it!
After @SenJohnMcCain's stunt ~ invoke the #NuclearOption

He's a #democRAT

#WolfInSheepsClothing

https://youtu.be/TUVYYiRIuE4 

#DrainTheSwamp
Sen you are failing the American people with healthcare! Take away Congress's exemption from Obamacare! Let them live with it. Hah
Vengeful Donald Trump is now trying to wipe out the Republicans in the midterms all by himself. Civil war in the @gop (govt of Putin)
The single most important action we can take is throwing McConnell and Ryan out of office.
Something that important needs Dems & #gop to work TOGETHER! Both parties have good ideas & compromise on both sides will make a great bill.
How is the Kentucky coal industry; health deductibles, flipping plans restarting out of pocket costs: we carried you, you flunked
Very skeptical of you leading that charge Mr McConnell . 

We can't afford to waist any more time.
Yes! We must get millionaires & corporatns 2 pay their share since they're sure not creatng jobs Not in USA anyway Use taxes 4 infrastructr
Oh like third times a charm.  Hasn't worked before
No,healthcare access is. Growing economy need healthy workers earning enough to pay taxes.
Tax reform, which mostly benefits big business, won't grow the economy, just the income of the big businesses which gets pocketed at the top
Omigod......you both are such jokes! I'm actually shocked that the Senate hasn't gotten rid of Mitchy yet! Worthless.....
You two couldn't legislate your way out of a paper bag if your nations medical economy depended upon it. RINO.
You mean to make the rich richer
Replacing obstructionist GOP members is the best way to improve U.S. economy & int'l standing.  Impeach now.
You need to step down as the head trickster and close your mouth. You have done a great deal of damage to our senate and government.
After you failed to carry out your party's single most preached legislative agenda #RepealandReplace #FailureFriday @GOP @SenMajLdr
Now how about you do some actual work that will promote our economy, business, and government instead of being sniveling little babies
You lied & are no leader-support President Trump's repeal of Obamacare or resign
Please get something done!!!
Sick..all you care about is yourself. You lie as bad as Trump. You are not an honorable man.
Not going to hold my breath. The Senate betrayed and failed America on Obamacare repeal. Shame on you!
You'll manager to mess that up too. #nowinning
I don't believe you!
Check with President Obama- he grew the economy - GOP seeks to destroy it.
Talk's cheap - get this done! You're losing credibility.
Hope u do better on this one
What happened with health care. What an embarrassment !!
Pass Healthcare. I need it NOW!!!!!
Except all you want is corporate welfare and to reduce estate tax for the extremely wealthy. Hard pass.
Help the rich
Well, yes, inless the GOP is doing it 
@SpeakerRyan If it wouldn't be a typical GOP plan of giving to big business & wealthy while hurting middle class, great-but...
The devil is in the details
Leader McConnell?  Leader of what? Smh
When I read joint statement I thought to see members of minority party & independents. How many Senators going behind closed doors for this?
Yes!  But your tax reform will not do that, except the part about the deficit going up.
You can't just tack"reform"onto sabotage attempts
Corporations and the wealthy are awash in cash. Tax cuts buy them more property, resources, control, and further shut out the middle class
The most important action you can take is invest in #Education, #Research, #Infrastructure to create jobs of the future and grow opportunity
Wrong! Repeal Obamacare liars!!!
How about repealing Obamacare. People might have some money to spend. That would probably help
Garbage bill.
Be honest Turtleman, you mean tax cuts for billionaires is the single most important action.
@SpeakerRyan I thought Obamacare was single most important? It is 1/6 of our total economy. #SenateHealthCareBill #failure
Other than healthcare? Oh, I see, move on.
How about stopping the Republican-induced hemorrhaging first?  Trickle down economics has twice been proven to not work.
Do your damn job and get that madman out of out Oval Office.
Nonsense. Voodoo economics doesn't work.
The Bully-in-chief clearly does not agree without ACA repeal and replace. Be careful leaders. Watch your backs.
