Population of Kentucky: 4.5 million or so. Approx 6500 have coal jobs? Kentucky's no longer a coal state. Give it up.
There are more yoga instructors in the US than coal workers
Yes we need more pollution of our air and waters for an industry that is dying!!!
What is your big jealousy of Obama?  Where does it come from?
28 year olds are getting black lung disease again because of lack of unions.

Another worthless politician...
How about support for industry for the future - solar, wind. News flash - coal isn’t coming back.
They don't care. Their goal is to kill as many of us as possible
Disgusting, all of them. #resist
Hey Mitch... How do they hurt the dying coal industry?  Are you even aware of renewable energy ?
@EPA Thank you Pres Richard Nixon for caring more about our well being than our current admin. $hame!!!
The only thing harmed by anti-coal legislation is your wallet. Encourage and train renewable jobs like a responsible human being that cares.
How's your investment portfolio? How big can you inflate that carbon bubble b4 it bursts? But ur oil insiders will tell u just when to sell.
Coal is failing. And so is your administration. There are more people employed in renewable energy sector then coal. #Yourelivinginthepast
Pukefest of the good ol' boys patting each other on the back.. 
It was always my dream that my son could grow up in the richest country on earth,unable to pay for college, with a 19th century job , treating his black lung at a barber for a surgeon because he can’t get healthcare #MAGA #TaxReformScam
Another shill
You and the rest of the members of Trunmp’s swamp are pro-cancer, Pro envrnmntal destruction
How about those lost Blockbuster jobs? Can we get those back? 
I’m sure they’d like to bring back Betamax manufacturing jobs.
So what natural gas has done in your precious coal while you made political hay out of it for those gullible enough to believe you...it worked too
Oh shut up McConnell, your pockets are filed with coal money #TermLimits #RenewableEnergy
Thanx REALITY for confirming coal jobs won't be coming back & Trump & McConnell are lying to U & Scott Pruitt is a Wolf in @EPA hen house!
At some point will any of you care that you are killing people with your greed? How is your greed, gluttony, and wrath going?
Oh yes THANK YOU!
Next you will try to bring back nuclear-let’s bury all that nuclear waste in Your back yard-coal dust in YOUR water supply/air supply
Coal plants make people sick with air/water pollution. Coal is our past-stop trying to save it and create jobs with new energy
the anti-coal regs were harmful 2 the American people's HEALTH! Giving pple CANCER. U think we're stupid & don't know how coal pollutes?
You do realize that if you have grandchildren your approach will leave them living in a world w dirty air & dirty water. Brownie nose boy
Total 170k coal jobs but vastly more in clean energy.  Coal museum uses solar.  Dragging us back to past-will fall further behind #idiots
Does the brown easily wash off your nose or does Trump make you wear it all day so you never forget your place? Grow a pair/be a man-
I want you to stop lying to the American people re: Regulating Toxic Chemicals The @EPA has to be held accountable. Our lives matter @GOP
@LizBowmanEPA @POTUS @EPAScottPruitt (2) less cancer causing natural resources.
@LizBowmanEPA @POTUS @EPAScottPruitt Coal is dead. Start looking ahead- build a sustainable/profitable economy with cleaner 1
There is a simple solution vote out the Republicans. Conservatives are by definition averse to change they are backwards looking & thinking.
#BlackLungsMatter
COAL....IS GONE...GET OVER IT....THE FUTURE IS IN GREEN ENERGY JOBS...LIARS....
poor coal
Coal - LMFAO! Bring back horses and carriages too!
You. Lying. Turtle.
You're a fucking tool
It's the Environmental PROTECTION Agency, you dimwits!  Not the Environmental PROFIT Agency!
Coal has aged out!  Just like you @SenateMahLdr  Time to dump BOTH!
Coal mines are run by a few people and machines now you twits! There are NO coal jobs anymore!
#ClimateChangeIsReal
One of the stupidest, most evil things I have ever read.
Coal makes no economic sense at this time in history.  You must know that. You are harming the country.
Energy producers in the US have already made their goals loud & clear. NatGas is the New Coal, whether you like it or not.Coal is DEAD here.
And btw, the Green Revolution is Bigger than all of you so if you think history will look well upon your backward ideas, I have horse 1/
Shame on you.
You are all being paid to run a democracy, this isn't how democracy works.
Oh, thank you for pumping more coal pollution into our air and water! Woo friggin hoo!
Because nothing says 'the future' like burning more #$%&&% coal like it's the 19th century.
Air pollution is the leading cause of premature death globally according to the Lancet
This is not about jobs! Very few people have coal jobs compared to clean energy jobs. All you care about and not the environment.
And how bout re-opening those VCR factories?!?!
The coal industry is dead and for good reason - quit trying to save an antique and damaging industry. Think renewable!
Do not call yourself Leader.......you are Our Representative!
Make America cough again
Lol, coal jobs aren't coming back. Come out from under the bridge!
Nothing but a bunch of old rich idiots who are clueless, clean energy is the future but keep licking Trumps ass
Dude seriously you looked neutered up there next to @realDonaldTrump ... it kinda made me feel sorry for you...and I’m a flaming liberal.
You will be getting coal from Santa Claus.
So when does #OBAMACARE get repealed? OOPS, I think you #GOP traitors think we got over that. Nope, we did not.
Jobs are great but everyone will be too sick to work because of the pollution and they won't be able to afford medical treatment - good job!
You’re on the wrong side of history and your grandchildren will pay the price
Where the fuck are all of the @GOP and Trump disciples comments?
We only have so much water to go around and allowing companies to pollute it is unacceptable by citizens and our environment.
What jerkheads u all are!!! Citizens across our country continue living on bottled water from #coalash contamination and u guys are happy?
We don't want to go back to a time when young men got black lung disease working in coal mines. We want them working in clean energy!
We don't want to go back to miners trapped in collapses. We want those workers retrained to work in solar and wind energy!
News flash ..... Coal isn't coming back because WE won't allow it to! Research NC contaminated water! Coal is the problem & so are you!
While you rejoice over this disgraceful deal, NC will keep fighting for safe water & air! Have you ever seen a coal ash pit?
Here's your sign! #coalashneighbors
Let me help you understand coal!Once coal is burned you get toxic ash & then it's dumped in unlined pits near homes=910 days on bottled H20
Reminds me of Hillary's statement (own goal): 'So what if a few coal miners jobs are lost' (lost votes). Export Coal & make clean burn techs
You know, full well, Pruitt's leadership is based on propping up outdated industry. GET CURRENT!
All three of you should be held criminally liable for contributing to the destruction of our planet.
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendmentNow
#ClimateChange denial, double down on pesticides, mining, drilling against the law- hazarding health.
President Obama's agreements with rest of the world concerning diplomacy, climate, health-public good.
concerned? #SantaRosa, #PuertoRico, #USVI, #Alaska #salmon #noDAPL need transition to #Solar #Wind
you are unlawful in your disservice to the health and safety of American people, air and water.
EPA created to protect human health/ environment by enforcing regulations based on laws passed by you.
cough, cough, cough
Mitch it must really Suck to be you, dealing with the Corrupt #Morons , Putin's Puppet, and that #Perv in the WH. #MakeRussiaGreatAgain 

The War-On-Coal is over!
& coal lost. TX shuts down 3 coal-fired plants for economic reasons. Move over @EPAScottPruitt 21st century is here

He's not there to create jobs, He's there to protect the ENVIRONMENT you outdated oblivious melting turtle
Murderer.
When are you going. To RETIRE so we can pass good bills
Yeah, coal is soooo cool. Way cooler than solar powered products.
Coal jobs not coming back you liar! MTR destroys streams and ends tourism to KY. Coal miners retraining. ALL in API's pocket. Kids' future?
your environmental destruction is stunning. Coal is 19th Century and allowing an open pit mine in pristine fish spawning area was special.
YES, thank you @realDonaldTrump
A job you should have done..... what happened.

Drink up and cough
You 3 need to get your heads out of Murray Coal's ass & listen to the American people; majority want #CleanEnergy
Next we can save the telegraph and pony express jobs! Thanks, Trump! Gee willikers!
Right!  Who needs clean air to breathe or clean water to drink
You know the coal jobs are never coming back but yet you lie to folks and tell them they are. You're a sick twisted horrible person.
As the east floods and west burns this is what you do? The few historians that remember you will mark you as partisan fools.
How is it protecting the environment if you undo the regulations that govern major polluters? How do you think that's OK?
http://pieceofnews.com/?p=1873 
Regulations are there to protect workers and the public. Repealing regulations is #MakingAmericaPolluted #FactFreeGOP #GOPLies #Repubtard
Yeah, can't wait to snort in all that quality coal dust.
Your very welcome! I did what you were incapable of doing!
Those of us who breath regular air wish to protest. I plan myself to vote straight ANYONE BUT THE GOP candidate from now on!
Incredibly short-sighted. We are ceding our potential as an energy leader to China thanks to the likes of your ass-kissing

Between his misuse of public funds and rejection of science, Scott Pruitt needs to take a one-way flight out of D.C. http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/investigation-expands-epas-scott-pruitt …
I am shocked and dismayed that @EPAScottPruitt would retweet this. The ONLY job of the EPA is to protect the Environment, not support coal.
Yay! Thank you for repealing the regulations that will create very, very few jobs if any by all analyses!  You are on the way to damaging the lungs of generations to come!  Great job!
Will do immeasurable damage to the environment...
This is what harmful looks like. Selling our kids future for a few pieces of gold.
Your soul is like coal.Why are you so intent on killing everyone & everything around you?You cannot believe in the greater good. Revolting.
The generational harms you visit on the globe and subsequent generations are immoral and unconscionable. Your greed is vulgar and shameful.
Coal is a precious commodity. Why do we exploit it like it isn’t
Startup new, better & more plentiful job opportunities in upgrading outdated nuclear & coal plants. Or invest in grid-electricity storage..
Mr. Pruitt. God has put you in a unique position for your time on this planet. Quite literally a steward of the Earth. Don't forget that.
We are waiting for the new rule you are required to do under the endangerment finding. Delay is not acceptable.
There's this thing called the internet....
Cough Cough Cough, I kinda like clean air,  don't you?
Another one that never passed basic science in school...
Do you really think we are all ignorant in WV ASTHMA is on the rise , global warming and dirty air helped,
antigens are in the air longer!
Stand down mcconnell & act on #climatechange NOW. Bring #cleanenergy jobs 2 Kentucky-NOT coal! Stop being nincompoops>Put #PeopleOverProfits
When the last tree is cut, the last fish is caught, the last river is polluted, too late you will realize your money won't save you.

Harmful? Ever hear of Black Lung. Coal Miners don’t have a chance.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump 4 destroying the creation @TheGoodGodAbove gave us 2 care 4 by nominating an idiot 2 the EPA. Y r u all clueless
I am the great granddaughter of a WV coal miner and this is utter nonsense. Fossil fuels are as archaic as you are in government! Move over!
Hmm don’t you need to breathe too? you breathe the same air as Obama. He was trying to save you too from black lung and other pollutants
Kentucky re-elected him & he’s misleading the coal workers & their families about the future of coal.
Harmful as your brain on twitter
That was a rhetorical question...go breathe Napa Valley wineries, and feel closer to coal and ash.  Then tell us why rolling back health is+
I pray God transfers you off the planet he cares for so deeply.
You don't care about coal workers or their families. It's all about keeping money in your pockets.  You should be ashamed!
Your greed and willful ignorance are astounding.
Thank you @POTUS for killings the jobs of 1000s of fisher men
You're a traitor to our country and and a sellout to K street.
Oh to be old and not care about the future of this planet.
GWB acknowledged human-caused global warming was real in 2001. Sometimes reason people think you're stupid is b/c you're actually stupid.
Yeah, never mind about the environment ...just think about lining ur pockets w favors n profits.  Ur all disgusting.  Karma’s watching you.
Your incompetency is threatening millions of lives at stake in lieu to repealing anti coal industry which is risking people's health idiots!
Do you understand the nature of this agency? Clue - Environmental PROTECTION Agency. Why are you hell bent on destroying it. #Deplorable
Yes all those automated coal jobs are safe. Thank God.
Am certain your grandchildren will think otherwise.
SHAME ON EVERY LAST ONE OF YOU FOSSIL FUEL WHORES
History will show your grandchildren who were the architects of the world eco disaster
Just light urself a smoke 
How about we just strip mine all of Kentucky? How about pouring toxins into 100% KY waterways?  Why RU the lap poodle for @EPAScottPruitt ?
FOOLS.
Look! A fossil talking about outdated fossil fuels! 
You will be repealed & replaced.
How do you get the taste out of your mouth after kissing so many asses? I am sure you will be compensated highly for your deeds.
You & the GOP are complicit in raping & killing this planet-generations to come will pay the price for your disastrous policies. Disgusting
Coal is not the answer. Wake up and move America to responsible energy sources.
Coal is dead and you know it. Natural gas is cheaper & cleaner. You just have a deep need to undo everything Obama did for some reason...
Obama didn’t take jobs you moron the decline was well underway due to tech investment & lack of need.

Best US direction #RenewableEnergy
Please be bold with actions for the people!
