This aged fast 
So they just want to wait another 2 years to screw millions of Americans over.. still not okay. #Healthcare #BadHealthcareIdeas
mitchturkeyjowlsGohome. el stupid
My thoughts exactly Mike Rundle  DRAIN THE SEWER
I certainly hope you have the balls to do this. The question is why not sooner?
They've had SEVEN YEARS. They just want to rob their citizens of the health care they've a right to expect.
they are evil criminals.
No changes since 2015, Mitch? Try LISTENING to the American people. The Republicans are getting an EARFUL even while you turn a deaf ear!
Turn on your TV Mitch.  Read newspapers. Search the web. WALK the halls of the Capitol building and SEE the protesters. WAKE UP!
The vast majority of Americans hate YOUR bill, & hate what you stand for, Mitch. You are empty.

Mitch, you are just a racist old queen!
Edit: "My statement on an upcoming vote to kick 32 million off insurance and watch them slowly die"
Well then this a lose lose for the spineless senate F'D if u do F'D if you don't
Could you be anymore hateful and irresponsible?

Not on your life you ps of, you will not do this. Americans are tired of your destructive behaviour. Obamacare stays, no more games
There's a special place in Hell for you, Mitch. 
Had the Kochs led you to believe they could keep that from happening?
Will the new bill cover your facial reconstruction?
Do this at your party's peril. We will not forget at the polls. The only reason to repeal is vengeance. Fix it, don't nix it.
Only  if u r replacing w single payer. Otherwise we stay protesting everywhere
 #theresistance #NOFASCISTUSA #Trumprussia #ImpeachTrump
Thanks for your work in guaranteeing the eventual passage of Medicare for All!
Great job pal 
Why are so many of you GOPs so morally reprehensible?  You & Ryan especially.

So you are letting the American public suffer/panic knowing they are not going to have health care. NOT AMERICAN, CRUEL!

Dear.@SenatorCollins.@SenCapito:
WOMEN banking on you to REJECT THE "MEAN" & ANTI-WOMAN #AHCA #TheResistance #CNN #MSNBC 
What's it like, being so evil?
He can't even get evilness right. Where's the mustache? The monocle? He's just a pathetic turtle man.
Republicans are a spectacular failure.  You've destroyed your selfish, racist, bigoted party of wealth boot-lickers with your "leadership".
We are grateful and proud Americans.
Leader McConnell? Ha
Can we repeal your job in the Senate and then replace you with someone who’s not an evil party-before-country snake?
It is time for McConnell to go. #ResignMcConnell
Hasn't he finished melting yet?

That is so funny!
Bad, I know. 

the similarities are astounding #repealandreplacetrump #RepealAndReplaceCongress #GOP #MitchMcConnell #PaulRyan
So what is it like to live without a soul?
Kentucky !! Time to vote him OUT.  Get some backbone voters!  He wants to all sick and poor.!  He's for the rich people, that's it.
Repeal now with no replacement, and you guarantee a Dem majority in 2018. You will be handing us the biggest platform ever.
Yeah, right. Good luck with that.
Is it hard being such an awful human being or does it just come naturally for you?
I wish he, Cult45 & GOP lost sleep the way mothers like I do with a child with life threatening illness. But they probably sleep just fine.
You do realize it is in yours and your child's best interest to repeal and replace asap, right? ACA is not sustainable or workable.
You do realize that GOP are trying to get rid of coverage for pre-existing conditions which will help NO ONE. repeat NO ONE.
If I had a car accident could I go get insurance after the fact? Pre-existing conditions can never work. Ever! It's a ridiculous idea.
What if an insurance company refused to give YOU insurance because you had survived cancer?
The only acceptable pre-existing condition law would be if you have maintained insurance they cannot drop you.
What if through no fault of your own, you lost your job & couldn't pay the premium & got canceled? That happened to a lot people in 2008.
Keep your hands off ins & quit playing games!As if you or 1/2 your klan could be trusted to do anything in 2 yrs!! Leave it alone & fix it!
You had eight fucking years to think up a replacement to Obamacare. What makes you think another two will suddenly make you not a moron?

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
EPIC FAILURE
NO AUGUST RECESS
TAX REFORM NOW
For shame. You disgust me.
Guess you and the @SenateGOP don't care about re election
I despise you turtle.
No need to repeal or replace. Just vote to negotiate drug prices. You're the hero and the deficit is gone in an instant.
Obamacare is drowning on its own, so do what voters put u there to do, REPEAL Obamacare! Then its both parties responsibility to replace.
If you do this, I will make it my life mission to make sure you are never reelected.
Ignorant trump voters have been paying for others since Medicaid was created. middle class has been hurt the most
You will be senate minority leader if you don't repeal this crap
@momofmonday
Saw this earlier. Didn't share one saying he was bribing bc it looked fake. Just watching the five I missed earlier, they lost 2 more reps
Yeah-I don't know if he was or not, but think that was past practices, so they assumed?? This is finally doing what they all said they'd do.
What an unbelievable lack of leadership.  You guys squawked for close to 8yrs. Just proved that even w/ a majority y'all are impotent.
You're only good at obstructing, never legislating or improving anyone's lives.
Are you Making Backroom Deals with Senate?  Why not #Repeal Now #Replace later. Stop The bribes and trickery!

Your day will come. You will pay for your greed and being a traitor. #McConnellIsATraitor
The @GOP just wants to watch the country burn at this point, huh? Is that your goal!?! If so, wasn't selecting @realDonaldTrump enough?
Amen!
Look at the polling. Americans want ACA fixes, not a repeal. Work with your colleagues across the aisle. Collins wants to, McCain as well.
And how's that working out for ya?
It'll get worse!
They are repealing Medicaid also. Don't trust them poor will be cut off Medicaid
you're a craven political monster.  #Obamacare is a lot more popular than you will ever be.
You do know that the majority of Americans including Republicans want the ACA, wgen then ran on repeal most thought Obama care wasnt the ACA
Even your own Fox news proves you wrong.
How much does a soul go for these days?
Who is buying him though? Hospitals, doctors, insurance companies, the elderly, anyone with a pre-existing condition... All against it.
Koch brothers?
Confirmed they are against it... In fact they vowed millions to GOPers who voted AGAINST the House bill.
We DON'T want ACA repealed!!
No one wants this...but by all means, keep wasting our time.  It only makes us more eager to end your career.
Your party controls the WH, the House, and the Senate, and you couldn't get this done? SAD! #ResignMcConnell
Is there a rule that says we can only have one system?  I'm ready for win/win thinking.  Congress is supposed to be LEADERS..
Just stop froggie
Typical RepubliKlan Taliban move can't pass a terrible health care bill so repeal a bill because it reminds you how great Obama was
PERFECT
Confused once said, go to bed with smile on face wake up with frown in Hell where you belong. Fake Christian, fake human being. 
PRICELESS
Repealitnow

Opinion: Trump and Republicans treat their voters like morons http://wapo.st/2uCTNz0 
Dear Mitch and your minions: why do you hate us so much? Signed, America
What are you afraid of? Did you take Russian help also?
"... Statement on Upcoming Vote to Impeach President Trump" ... fixed your typo.
You will kill people, primarily the people who voted for @realDonaldTrump and who can't afford health care without the ACA. Well done, sir!
U failed #WeThePeople re: #OBAMAcare  #RepealAndReplace
Am hopeful now.  We'll see what happens.
Would like to see Medicare trashed soon.
You are a failure.
We want #SinglePayer
So the bill to repeal a failure was a failure?
Congratulations on becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy.  The people who changed #ACA the most but can't pass a replacement will be replaced.
You are bad at governing and bad at representing the interests of your constituents and the needs of our nation. Please retire.

Give us the House OK, give us the Senate Ok, give us the White House and we can get things done OK. When are you going to DO YOUR JOB?

Move Quickly @McConnellPress - American Working Caste won't Tolerate Failure. Get the 2015 Health Care Bill up for Vote. CC'd @julieblue917
Why is literally everything that comes out of your mouth a lie or unabashed hippocrasy, Cecil the turtle?
Get out of senate and go back to harassing Bugs Bunny, Cecil.
Geez… give it up! What part of "no" don't you understand?
Repeal & Replace that Chin & that Chao Chao
Live footage of reptilian @SenateMajLdr:
2009: We'll undo it if we win the House
2013: ...if we win the Senate
2015: ...if we win the POTUS
Liars. Cruz was right.
You couldn't do it in 7 years with 3 tries. What makes you think in 2 years you will find the solution? You'll be in prison soon enough, 
Have you seen the polls? Have you met w/your constituents that make less than $40k/year? You are tone deaf to what's happening. Shame.

what an uncaring piece of work you are!
I WILL NOT FORGET WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO AMERICANS>
#termlimitsforgeezers
What happened in your life to make you such a vile, hateful man? Your greed/ need for power override doing what is best for America.
From my understanding of your HC system & flaws and from our previous discussions, I really think you guys need to start from scratch!
In other words, we are stripping health care because we can't do anything else.
Not happy with replacement. Need to listen to Rand Paul. BTW what happened to national competition among insurers and tort reform??
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59519811e4b0f078efd98440/amp?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …
What possible good comes from doing this? How does that benefit Americans? It doesn't work for anyone
#ObamaStillRunninIt #ALLTheGOPCanSuckIt
Isis aren't the only thugs using human shields to extort concessions.
"Leader" McConnell? You wouldn't even know how to spell it more less what is required of one. Ass Clown through and through.
#RepealDeezNuts


constituants the better and more superior you feel. We dealt with your sort in our continents 75 years ago. We KNOW ALL ABOUT IT ANS WATCH
If Republicans want to keep their voters, they better keep their promises  !
Sir, we don't want statements, empty words. Words, no evidence, no results is rhetoric-BS. The ppl demand results NOW! No pork. We r 
And we'll make sure you fail there, too.
Registered Republican Voter here: if U don't currently have a plan U can pass don't repeal. You will end up with a lesser plan & voted out
This man is like the @michaelgove of our uk .. a bit thick, massive failure and does what the people that give money tell him..

Gotta love a party that says vote for us to repeal Obamacare, but if we repeal Obamacare people won't vote for us. 
#scam
If only it was "I took a shit on the American people and I resign"
Your overwhelming racism is showing and your ultimate hatred for Obama is clear. More about erasing his legacy then helping America! GIVE UP
You can pickup the body parts, Mitch.

#TrumpCare 4.0 is Dead.
@LisaMurkowski
@SenatorCollins
@SenCapito .. Bravo!
My statement on an upcoming vote to repeal #Obamacare 
Didn't your twitname used to be "Mitch McConnell"? "Leader" McConnell is insecure; the man who must proclaim "I am king!" is never the king.
PATHETIC. That's my statement as to your statement and your efforts. #Pathetic #GOP #norepeal
Give it up, dude. It's a loser.
I guess it's much easier to say "NO" to Pres. Obama for 8 years than it is to govern on your own. You had 7 years to develop an alternative.
I know u r trying. I will add you to my prayer list! Stay strong!
The CBO was even more brutal on repeal only. Let's see you weasel out of this one
CBO/JCT on REPEAL bill without REPLACE:
+32M uninsured
+*100%* premiums 
Tough break, Yertle.
You are an embarrassment.  You have failed as a Leader.  TIME FOR YOU TO STEP DOWN!!
You are sick.
Vile man. Murderer by any other name.
The GOP has had 8 years to come up with something. They had nothing. Now they want to repeal but not for 2 years? Why do we believe them?
You are truly trying to weaken the GOP aren't you? You must be secretly paid by the Dems to make mid-terms easier to win. If so, Thank you
@SenateMajLdr It is pretty sad that you are adamant about doing something that will hurt 80% of Kentuckians.
GOP had 7 years to get their act together and still can’t what’s 2 more years 
Going to do!
Just repeal ACA now u lazy bums, grandfather Medicaid, medicare now at 62 one plan with one w/o pre existing. Get bids from Ins. Co.
Repeal or Resign @SenateMajLdr you've been a spineless leader for years and you bet your ass I'm voting against you in the primaries.
So what do the 18 mill who will lose coverage over that span do? 
You want millions to possibly die so you can blame a black guy? 
Come on.
So easy, just work together or you republicans have another trick up your sleeve
Snake oil salesman! Wish we weren't paying for YOUR healthcare and salary. U R dead weight, pork...etc.
#cruelGOP  #meanMcConnell #FixWhatWeHave #saveACA
#NeverRepeal 
#NeverRepeal 
#NeverRepeal 
#NeverRepeal 
#NeverRepeal 
#NeverRepeal 
#NeverRepeal 
#NeverRepeal 
#NeverRepeal 
#NeverRepeal
You're the absolute worst kind of person. Get over yourself & realize that the US doesn't want to repeal the ACA. FIX IT!
Hasn't this already failed? Why not try and fix the issues, and quit trying to give billionaires more money?
Repeal ALL  taxes and penalties. Provide govt. funding for high risk and pre-exist. How difficult can that be? Really!
What the frick took you so long
You are a cruel man!
Mitch, I can help out if needed. Just give me a call.
But Dear Leader, you promised you would Repeal and Replace. Did you lie? Are you not as clever as you think? Just retire for the good of USA
Liberals are the lying 
U r a disaster. Do the country a favor n step down n allow a real leader to take over.
Offer Congress healthcare like McCaskell's idea or go universal!
Are you forgetting that you represent actual people?
You need to go! Shameful what you are doing to millions of Americans like me whose Rheumatoid Arthritis treatment is covered by ACA. SHAME
#ImpeachMcConnell
Have you any shame, morality or decency whatsoever? No. #Trumpcare
REPEAL REPUBLICANS
You're everything wrong with this country, it's leadership and politics in general. Such petty small time thinking you possess. Grow up #sad
My statement,  HC is not about deal w/insurance to line your pockets.  It's about US, (cont) http://tl.gd/nnv0vs 

Right 
Why don't you do a favor to America and Reading!!! You failed!!!
Your hatred for Obama is pathological. Stop it - take a breath, and do something that make sense. Ripping hc from millions is murder.

This bill has passed the test of ALL THREE BRANCHES OF THE GOVERNMENT.  What's your problem?
@realDonaldTrump it's time to start threatening a primary against @SenatorCollins , rally the troops around a repeal and piece meal replace.
Stop worrying about the press and just do something...anything!
your repeal effort was just about as successful as making the Great Barack Obama a one term president. face it you lost big time
Let us know when you decide to FIX what is broke instead of just writing your own crap 
Shame-fracking-ful. Calling on Kentuckians. You guys know what to do.
You had 7 years to come up with a plan. Why do you think you can come up with one in 2 more years? Hopefully you'll be voted out of office.

@SenateGOP M. McConnell is showing utter disdain for America! Time to show some spine and vote against this abominable bill.
You constantly and consistently attempt to take away health care from the country's most vulnerable.
You want to repeal without putting anything else in place? 7 years... you had 7 years to come up with a new plan. What have you been doing?
The only thing that needs to be repealed around here is your tenure as Majority Leader. We are over your party before country mentality.
You would simply be holding Americans hostage till 2019, then you'll force a desperate, bad, last-minute bill down their throats. Be honest
We voted in a @gop majority to get rid of this piece of garbage and replace it with a free market solution.  Get to work and get it done!
It's a good law, Brent.

Do I get your endorsement to mount my challenge in Kentucky? #RepealAndReplaceMitchMcConnell
YOU & @SpeakerRyan ARE TERRIBLE TOGETHER 100% . GROW A SET, GET THE OTHERS ON NOW! @POTUS HAS DONE ENOUGH. 8 yrs, NOTHING! 
Your God will be so proud of how you care for your fellow man
Cowards- so it kicks in after mid-terms? We need relief now premiums in @BCBSIL going to $30,000.00 in Fen 2018
How desperate can you be? Get over it. You're all talk and no plan.
Dead turtle alert!  Comrade.  You'll look so good in an orange neon jumpsuit.  You've pissed everybody off, and burnt all your bridges.
You realize you don't have to tow Trump's line. The lying is ridiculous. We see you and your party for what you are. Happy 2018!
I think your statement misplaced the word "failure." It belongs next to "repeal," not "Obamacare."
Instead of trying to derail it from the start, if the GOP gave the ACA the support it deserves, it would be a bigger success than it is now.
