Oh yeah, Putin SHOULD be able to give ya his rubles on a postcard!
I agree with your statement.
Unfortunately it’s contrary to your bill / actions.
I agree with your statement but it doesn't coincide with the proposed tax reform.  I  don't want to cut taxes & further increase the debt.
They should but ur #TaxReform raises taxes on 30% of the middle-class while giving massive tax cuts to 1% wealthiest. Didn't work in Kansas.
They will be, take a look!
That’s why I vote for Democrats.
Why are you selling 'uge! tax cuts for those that can afford accountants to find deductions, while giving only a few hundred to most?
Get rid of #AMT
How about Insurance Plan s for everybody?
Ha. I’ve been watching politics long enough to know long gone are the days the GOP does anything for the middle class other then lip service
You sir are the definition of insanity doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result, not with the insanity of Trump!!!!!!
You mean more money for the rich and any jobs would dry up. Jerk.
Ok let's make taxes lower, simpler and fairer for the middle class and leave the taxes on the wealthy where the are now.
Middle class workers will not be given a tax break with the formula presented.  Working poor and elderly will be hit hard.
They should be fairer for middle class. surprised you admit that in light of your support for slashing taxes on your billionaire donors.
This has nothing to do with the middle class and everything to do with the upper class.
~ These companies lobbied awhile ago to finally get "food stamps" in their stores. They all want a piece of the $800 billion "grocery pie".
I'll believe it when I see it. So far Republicans have done nothing. Trump has been doing what he can..by himself. Americans are not happy.
Yes but unfortunately it's not in this bill
Yes, they should be.  Too bad you'll never implement that.  Youll only lower taxes for your greedy rich friends.
Then do it
Why didn't you do this nine years, we would be better off now, doing it now will not help me.
Like you care about the middle and lower class. Take your bs somewhere else.
they should be. But they aren't under your plan. Your only helping the 1%'ers, not the rest of us. Trickle down DOES NOT WORK!
The mkt. is up so the rich have better profits why haven't wages gone up?  What would a tax cut for 1% do to increase wages then?

And much higher for the wealthy!!
Stop lying to people. We are sick and tired of your lies. #sad #liar
We know you are with Trump. I will wait and see but doubt tax reform happens
Should be? Don't you know?
Yes but your proposal will affect millions on Medicare and Medicaid to give your wifes drug dealing family a tax break, Not the middle class
Then why are your endorsing a plan that makes taxes higher and less fair for middle class workers? Because you don't care about them.
What about healthcare? Hypocrisy.
You're right, too bad they won't be under your plan. #Annoyed
AGRRED you bill lowers for rich and corps, TELL US FACTS not your @GOP talk track. This bill is terrible for middle class run the numbers
Yet, your plan is a gift to your donors at the expense of these very people. You're a liar, a hypocrite and a coward. Not even  effective
Your tax policy is #wealthcare destroying Medicaid and Medicare. Stop lying to us.
Then why are 80% of the cuts going to benefit only the top 1%?
Yes they should, but that's not your plan, is it? #Liar #MitchLies #GOPShame
You lie. Being simple does not mean fair. It means you're eliminating important tax relief for poor & middle class. #resist
He didn't say simple= fair. He wants both
You don't give a shit about us.  How did you make your Millions?  Insider trading like #price and #collins
All classes, if your into that socialist stupidity
Your plan does none of this.
Than you should put together real reform that isn't favoring the  1% and shafting everyone else Millions & Billionaires don't need relief
Throw in some of that snake  in the Grassley oil and you gots a deal. @ChuckGrassley
Alex, I’ll take...”Things that a filthy rich guy says to get more tax cuts” for $100.
You could care less about anybody but yourself. Your record speaks for itself. You should be ashamed, but then you have to have a heart....
The absolute best tax reform for the middle class and the upper and lower classes too is the tax reform pictured here:

BUT U AREN'T. U r lowering the upper class and the middle class will have to make it up. Trickle down does not work & u know it. Give it up!

So why haven't you come up with a tax plan that does that?
You know, and we know, that your plan raises taxes for the middle class.
Lyin Mitch
"Taxes should be lower, simpler and fairer for nobody. My rich white friends need more money" - McConnell translation
But not more breaks for the extremely wealthy
Does it matter?   You've done nothing.  Zero.
on the other hand, fuck the poor. amirite?
And you should be smarter, more clever and WAY TF more hardworking.  #resign
Why, why, that’s brilliant...& you are too weak to make it happen...you are the ruin of the GOP...
Except you're not helping the middle class worker; you're helping your financial backers, overlords & cronies #DitchMitch #TaxReform
If that is the case, then don't lower taxes for the rich.
"Should" be, but Mitch has no intentions of doing that. #tricks
@McConnellPress U lie Birch, sorry Mitch!
If only you had the balls to do it.
Stop with the simpler and address the fairer, which your plan is not addressing. Unless, of course, you are In Trump’s tax bracket!
So not True . Do you really believe the American middle class are so ignorant that they don’t realize what your plan means for them?
Yes, agreed. But this plan doesn't do that. Back to the drawing board. This time try a bipartisan approach.
Should be - could be - would be -> but you're in charge
You look like such a nice OLD, OLD grandpa.  The devil uses many disguises.
So.... Mitch McConnell is the devil because he wants lower taxes for the middle class?    ooookay then.
And what does that have anything to do with how good of a grandfather the man is, Cynthia?
NOTHING.  His grandpa looks are deceiving. He's such an evil person with a grandpaish face.  When you're owned by the Koch Brothers, etc.
Liar liar liar
You sound like a bright woman. Don't just repeat catches phrases... explain to us why lower taxes for the middle class would be a bad thing.
How much are the Coke Brothers giving you to push this unto us?????
You can stand next to @POTUS and sleep at night? And you believe that lying tweet you just made?  You 2 can meet in hell.
For the LEAST TAXED people in the developed world?
Then why the hell are you and other Republicans trying to raise them ?!? #TaxReform
You do know you are the senate majority leader don’t you?
Then why do you support tax cuts for the super rich?
I agree.  Now #SheriffofNottingham why are you lowering taxes on the rich?
Taxes should be lower, simpler and fairer for middle class workers. But first, we're cutting taxes again for the super rich. #TaxReform
Yes they should but you and the GOP won’t do it....only care about yourselves
Fund #CHIP
Day 18: Still no progress on the Children's Health Insurance Program https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/10/18/1707837/-Day-18-Still-no-progress-on-the-Children-s-Health-Insurance-Program …
Looks like you’re following orders getting tax tweets out frequently.
"Should be".... but not under your horrid plan!
Agree. When is the vote?
Your tax bill = not lower or fairer to middle class.  Simple maybe.
I make 27g a year & under your plan my tax goes up 10%.My insurance will go up 30% bc of Trump refusing to pay Ins. Co. Plz stop hurting us
He doesnt care about US,  unless
you're the US with millions or billions of dollars.
Why would 1%ers put money back into US  jobs when they get a better return buying Senators or creating offshore jobs?
don’t forget about the rich Mich.  They’re the ones you really like to help.
Yes it should. So why are you making it lower and simpler for the wealthy. Isn’t that unfair to the middle class.
But your plan does no such thing. It only rewards your wealthy investors, so they have even more to invest in favorable legislation.
Let's raise taxes on US senators. The highest rate is for the wealthiest senators and those with leadership positions. Try to balance things out fairly.
That’s right but your plan won’t do that
Liar liar pants on fire!
Wishful thinking
Fairer?  Really?  Obviously your Tweeterer needs an English class. Oh wait. KY. No taxes for good education.
But taxes for the wealthiest should NOT be lower.  You are misleading people because you need Koch Brothers money. Shame!
They should, but your plan delivers tax cuts to millionaires and slams us
It’s time for Congress to pass #ProGrowth policies and #TaxReform that allows America to prosper  #MakeAmericaProsperousAgain
So make sure you get it passed Don’t sit on your hands like you have for most of the time you’re been there
The tax reform your promoting benefits the very wealthy- not the middle class.  No buying what you're peddling. #impeachnow #draingopswamp
Damn, u need to wipe ur mouth. After that lunch with 45. All u do is spam his tax plan for the rich. Hope u took knee pads with u
What About for The Poor. You feel no hunger or shelter from the cold. You're Rich. The poor in jail because they have no $$
This didn't work in the 80's. Half the cuts were reversed by Regan himself. Then Daddy Bush, then Clinton. Your plan is  and its PROVEN
Get it done Mitch!
Mitch, contrary to this statement of yours, America is smarter than that & you.
Then you need to find a better plan. You hurt people who don't line your pockets with big $$$$.
@Senate @Congress @SpeakerRyan @SenMcConnell Taxes Should Be Lower For Middle Classes & Poorer... But Will They Be?
Stop just stop. This is for you & the rich. So stop.
Except the middle class will pay more. Do you research what you write?
Sounds good, Mr McConnell.  But, I won't believe you until we see an actual bill and the numbers are crunched.
Yes they should! So why are you giving a tax break to the rich and taking from the poor and middle class? Devil incarnate.
BS. I would get a 5% tax cut while my sister, who is middle class ($40-$80k) would not. Such a liar.
You really suck at this twitter thing....and I don't believe your lying face. TAX CUTS...MY ASS!
#ImpeachTrump
Repetition because you have no influence. Senate needs to find a new minority leader by the look of things.

We’ll believe it IF we see it, with all the numbers and services being cut.
No shit?
That’s not what your tax plan does, it’s a giveaway to the very wealthy while you kill people by defunding healthcare. #SavetheACA #Murderer
Agree with all of that! Too bad the current bill does none of that and saddles the middle class with paying for tax cuts for the wealthy.
and this bill you're pushing doesn't do it
Are you really there? . You have lost the confidence of your party. They critically think about issues. You can’t deliver the votes anymore
yes they should but let's get rid of the estate tax first ( sarcasm)
with jobs moving to Mexico or Over seas the taxes for the middle class workers my not work after all.
Bla bla bla bla bla then why aren’t they?
a 25% pay cut.. or, you levy a 15% tax rate across the board?
and lower middle class will pay the cost? no.. I'm tired of getting fucked by you 1% bastards.. how about congress, and the senate take
You are the worst most partisan leader ever
You have never cared abt the middle class.  What's in it for you to say this?  You are a broken leader....please step down.
You’ve trotted out some golden oldies for  your tax appeal. They are still INACCURATE and LIES! You forgot to mention that it gives more money to wealthy Republican donors and you. 
Scant on substance.
Lies!
Yes but that won't happen
Agreed - once we dump YurtleTheMurderTurtle (and Koch addict) this country can get back on the path to greatness.
Looking for a windfall Mitch???
If you can't convince vulnerable Dems to vote with you then change 60 vote to 51. It's the right thing to do. Come on Mitch, it's time.
Your proposal doesn't do any of that. Come up with a real solution
Tax reduction and reform will and should be for ALL. Yes the wealthy( who pay most in taxes) & middle class have to Benefit from  tax bill.
You don’t care about middle class
And no tax breaks for the top 2%! They do not need any tax breaks at all, including the estate tax repeal.
Yes they should. And how much will they do down?  Will you ever tell?
They should be but your plan increases tax for middle class, cuts Medicare and gives tax break to the upper 1%
You talk way too much for one who acts so infrequently
All the Way down to the County Levels & State Levels Too! States are sucking These Folks Dry as they can; Taxing Almost the Air they Breath


How does it feel that 45 is running the country and you can’t get anything done. Years of ur Sevice and he diminishes it
You lie.  #GOP has never been for middle class or the poor


I hope you’re up for this. It’s a lot of work.

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
Not what  republicans do...they give money to rich & starve govt to screw every one else. You are a liar & conman Mitch
Exactly. Why then is your tax proposal a tax cut for the wealthy?
Yet your tax plan is designed to give breaks to corporations and the wealthy. No thanks, Mitch. You're doing a terrible job.


Taxes should be lower, simpler and fairer for middle-class workers. Why, then, do you support a tax plan that helps the 1% on our expense?
Great, now write a plan that does exactly that. Not the POS that’s being hoisted by that give your benefactors a gob of money #liar
You LIE! GOP want to take from the Middle & poor to give to the rich. #VoteGOPout
true -This plan would give me a 5% tax cut, while my sister who makes far less than I do wouldn't benefit at all. I don't need a tax cut!
So why are you tax cut going to the filthy rich?
Shut up turtle. Go find a rock to sun yourself on.
Too bad you don't follow your own advise.  Frikin turtle..
Men without integrity and compassion plus liars are unacceptable untrustworthy leaders.
Your plan *RAISES* taxes on most middle class Americans, as you know perfectly well.
But the poor get poorer.
Well then y is GOP proposing a bill that benefits wealthy, & not the *middle class*???

Makes NO sense - contradicts what u’re saying
Very Fair for the millionaires who will save millions of dollars
So then why are you working so hard to cut the taxes of your wealthy overload donors? Aren’t they rich enough? FOCUS!!! #hypocrite #liar
Overlord. Stupid spellcheck. - ed.
Really. 

https://therationalist2017.com/2017/10/18/why-tax-cuts-wont-generate-as-much-economic-growth-as-trump-says/amp/ …
