Alternatively, it's because  @POTUS is nominating ...nontraditional... candidates who don't complete their vetting...
they submitted all required information.
support for your assertion? Here's a contrary citation:
Republicans will probably rectify this by defunding pbs....
look, the certification was in hand.  If some reporter wants to say it does not it exist, ..
Ethics Office Hasn’t Gotten Financial Disclosures From All Trump Nominees
if you are referring to tax returns they are not required
No. We weren't. Read.
"We the People" will not sell the White House to Wall Street! Do your job and stop being a hypocrite!
we the people elected pres trump
Uhhh, nooooo, we didn't. The electoral college did.
.am citizens did..popular votes - dead people - multiple time voters - non citizens voters - ineligible citizens who voted
There is not one shred of evidence outside of conspiracy theories to support you. Do your homework
Mitch, 8 years of GOP obstruction AND a slew of unqualified Cab nominees is why there are fewer confirmations #ownit
Obama acted on his own.  He felt no need for congress
Check the records on that, particularly Mitch's refusal to uphold the constitution in 08 + 12
Obama violated the constitution nearly nonstop
Thats not accurate. Do your research. Don't rely on Fox News
2/2. I watched Senate oversight committees and sworn testimony given to them.
BOO HOO!
When you nominate unqualified people like @BetsyDeVos , no choice but to block
She"volunteered" in a public school, could not verbalized difference btwn IDEA and ADA, least educated nom.
can you verbalized things?
That's a godsend considering @POTUS is a traitor & UNFIT.
KARMA ! They didn't even go though vetting process, no background checks, taxes ! 
failed to watch the committee hearings?  All information submitted to proper department
.@SenateMajLdr of course he does. U guys were assclowns for 8 yrs obstructing everything u could. Thx for the precedent. #hypocrite #Senate
@POTUS U have sold yr soul to  & forever chained to El Cheeto. BAD!  #TrumpLeaks #TrumpRussia #InstantKarma
@McConnellPress @POTUS Do you literally not grasp that you did the EXACT same thing not one year ago? #Irony
Thanks to Republican obstruction we have an even number of Supreme Court Justices. #Trumpcaneatabagofbutts
@McConnellPress @POTUS #TBT not obstruction, due dilligence aka YOUR JOB, you know, so this doesnt happen #flynnresigns
its called karma
Democrats are doing their job because your POTUS nominated the least qualified cabinet in history
democrats wouldn't know qualified if it smacked them in the head. #insane
ok buddy
Umm seriously? Clinton and Kennedy grabbed more pussy as a POTUS then Trump ever will!
Clinton was accused of forcing himself on several women
@McConnellPress @POTUS  Extreme Dem obstruction? You hypocritical partisan hack!
Aww. Poor @POTUS! It is a shame he didn't nominate folks with fewer ethical challenges.
@McConnellPress @POTUS  should have qualified picks then.I thought he wanted to #draintheswamp not add bigger crocs #obstruct
thanks to unqualified appointments supported by shameless lackeys. You should have torn up this list of appointment
you are one to talk MR obstructionist. If there were any nominees worth the job might be different. Your wife's was bought.
Nominees were a little slow to self-report on ethics vetting, no? http://apps.npr.org/documents/document.html?id=3255189-Response-to-Senators-Schumer-and-Warren-Schumer …
no.  Secretary of education completed the paperwork on 1.4.2017 per sen record
That's one.
it's the only Senate committee hearing I listened to in its entirety.
And afterwards, did you believe she was capable and qualified for the job?
I hope they do way with the dept of education.  Its unconstitutional.
"away"
"It's"
must be charter school education
he chilled the free exercise of the vote by black citizens
thnx 2 extreme GOP obstruction of Obama GOP boyos sat on their asses for 8 yrs & did virtually nothing but bitch
no room to talk. NONE!   I try not to hate anyone, but you are just despicable, sir.
so despicable that as an atheist, I hope God does in fact exist so that you have to answer to him for your crap
mostly because they bought there jobs and you are a #tool
hypocrite. The GOP refused to confirm Obama nominees throughout the 8 yrs. Get over yourself. You're lying.
Thanks to #Drumpf being a racist who allows a white supremacist to run the country he has nominated unqualified people
#alternativefacts aka #thisisnottrue
Says the person who made it his mission to oppose anything Obama did. You hypocritical donkey's behind.
Your tweets are like the Voice of Democracy broadcasts, except the opposite.
@McConnellPress @POTUS thanks to poor nominees, you mean
Due to extreme Republican obstruction, the 112th, 113th, & 114th congresses were among the worst and most hated congresses. 
omg! SHUT UP!!! You spent the past 8 years obstructing President Obama. So bend over, buddy. Now it's your turn!
What you view as Democratic obstruction others view as a defense against tyranny. Galations 6. You swore an oath, sir.
And he's still doing more than any of them. He's treating US as a business. They run it as a bus so Y shouldn't he?
@McConnellPress @POTUS Democrats are  other obstruction. They are doing their job.  Why isn't the gop. Unqualified candidates
factually incorrect.
With THIS @POTUS , thats a good thing.
We've been obstructed by the GOP for 8 years! We will resist this corp. give-away til you're all gone!!
you guys forgot how you blocked Obama. How does it feel to be on the other end? It sucks, doesn't it?
@McConnellPress @POTUS #letlizspeak Republicans remember what you are doing to our country-you did not win the majority vote
@McConnellPress @POTUS Good#letlizspeak
@McConnellPress 
I WASN'T SENDING THIS..BUT AFTER U TREATED @SenWarren & DEMOCRATS SO BADLY.. I FOUND IT APROPOS #letlizspeak
Not sure how you sleep at night.  You must know you are a liar.
@McConnellPress @POTUS
That is ur fault!
correction....thanks to the choices he has made. pick some competent and truthful nominees and they will be confirmed quickly
remember the 8 years you spent obstructing @BarackObama on EVERYTHING? Quoting one of your own: 'YOU LIE!'
Oh shut up. Who do you think you're kidding?
Democratic Senators are doing their job!
@McConnellPress @POTUS You liar. You held up Obama's far longer.
Um, because he's nominated several unqualified (DeVos) and hateful (Sessions) nominees.
@McConnellPress @POTUS Last nite I went to bed in USA, I woke up in USSR. We lost freedom of speech!
When he appoints decent people, he will get timely approvals.  Let's try draining the swamp for real!
IF you ask me he has too many
What about the obstruction you all did for the  last 8 years? You can do it , but no one else can?
Crybaby.  Merrick Garland!
Seems you prevented previous POTUS from nominating a justice. Stop whining.
...and none that are qualified.
.conflicts of interest galore, but you Republicans don't care...you've changed/cheated the game. .
GOOD!! They are massively ill-suited to their roles.
thanks to unqualified, poorly vetted cabinet officials, you mean. Die already.
Says the man who obstructed the SCOTUS nominee last year.
Because everyone he  wants is an unqualified danger to the American people.
Thank God for small favors. This is a disgusting cabinet full of backward, unqualified fascists!
These nominees are ideologically extreme and vastly underqualified. Let democracy work, sir.
you're not one to speak of *obstruction*
his picks are so unqualified & antithetical to the posts they're nominated for!
the dems seems to have your playbook
Where is the ethics paperwork. They are unqualified. Mnuchin profited from Maddoff. Sessions blocked black votes.
Where are all their ethics papers? If they were qualified, perhaps they would have been confirmed with a fight.
Thank you Democrats for trying to save our nation!!!
knows alcoholics blame others for THEIR mistakes! Guess Mitch is an alkie as well....the issue is quality of nominees!
Perhaps you should ask #presidentbannon what he thinks the problem is with @realDonaldTrump's cabinet picks. #clueless
Did you do this yourself or does one of your staff handle tweets?
Oh stop!  You shutdown the entire government!
burst into flame you worthlesswhore
For a candidate who elected without popular mandate, and who has such a horrible approval rating, I'd say, "Not bad!"
Thank god, because each official the lunatics in the GOP nominate is worse than the last. Have some standards.
hypocrites! You vowed to obstruct Obama. You obstructed Garland. Shameful, disgraceful Anti-American bigots.
As opposed to Republican obstruction for Obama's Supreme Court nominee?
@McConnellPress @POTUS you need to step down. You have no clue.
@McConnellPress @POTUS you fail to realize the majority of us are not Republican. Get off your high horse.
Yes! Thank you, Democrats!
thanks to trump's incompetence, we have least qualified potus & cabinet ever.
Maybe Trumpy should have chosen wisely!
You have absolutely NO RIGHT to complain about obstructionism.  You blocked Obama at every turn. Why? Cuz he's black.
you MM are master of obstruction. You wrote the book. #LetLizSpeak
Wait for the next President to fill this position. And by the way, the present nominee is Merrick Garland.
maybe because  they are all extremely problematic and shouldn't be confirmed?
#mitchthebitch
Picks were terrible...
Mitch McConnell = EXTREME OBSTRUCTIONIST.
Maybe if the #GOP made BETTER choices it wouldn't be so...
Cry me a river will ya?
every little delay helps limit the damage.
No, that's because Twitler has FIRED them all. State Department? Pull head from butt, sir. #Resist
thank goodness for that! Should we mention that y'all never even started the proces to confirm Merrick Garland??? 
@McConnellPress @POTUS maybe if he would have nominated credible people. Betsy DeVos most unqualified person in history.
I salute the Democratic Party!
@McConnellPress @POTUS 

What about your obstruction of President Obama?  That was acceptable???
thank god for the democrats! And shame on you!
@McConnellPress Pitiful a Majority leader who obstructed President Obama for 8 yrs is now complaining about Dems using ur plan
@McConnellPress @POTUS Merritt garland
You are the last person to be able to complain about obstruction. That's a short memory, Senator.
This is the worst group of nominees ever.  Historic, in fact.
POTUS-YOU mean the national embarrassment?
Maybe if they'd filled in their ethics questionnaires and been vetted by POTUS you'd be able to go faster.
hey pot, there's the kettle over there. Like we forget the extreme republican obstruction.
thx 2 GOP,Everything Obama tried was BLOCKED @Impeach_D_Trump @Trump_Regrets @trumpbigregrets @KimberlyPekula @KeithOlbermann
Oh how quickly you've forgotten...you wrote the book on obstruction. Just retire you fossil.
Great! They are doing what we voted them to do.
that would be due to extreme stupidity of POTUS nominations
Or because he took forever nominating people and then you tried to block ethics evaluations dragging out the process.
#McConnellHypocrite Total hypocrite and biggest obstructionist ever.
obstruction?  Really?  Give me a fucking break.
https://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/obama-has-waited-longer-for-cabinet-confirmations-than-any-other-recent-president/ … liar
GOOD!!!
is it possible they are the worst, least qualified, unethical, dishonest nominees in modern history Mitchster?
@McConnellPress @POTUS you can also thank him for his racist, elitist, inexperienced choices, bunch of fumbling idiots.
@McConnellPress @POTUS did you think we haven't been watching for the past 8 yrs. most obstructive GOP in history.
Hypocrite.   You disgust me.
If Dems are obstructing, I guess you taught them well.  Shameful.  Both of you.  America's disgrace.
sir,the man you follow w such devotion brings the worse in people n u must b on to his dirty secret to defend him so.
Thank you Democrats for not selling our children's future to the highest #DeVos bidder.
And thanks to corrupt @GOP he has completely unqualified, compromised ones who are dismantling our country as we speak.
you need to stop tweeting. Especially with the woe is us approach. #Disgraceful #Shameless
Where's that 9th SC justice?
that's because they are rich cronies that have a selfish agenda, Dems are trying to save the world from POTUS and you.
.@SenateMajLdr @POTUS Maybe if his picks weren't so inappropriate and unqualified they'd go faster. Ever think of that?
OR! If this administration had actually turned in names & paperwork. what a liar @SenateMajLdr is. @POTUS
Oh @SenateMajLdr and @POTUS are total liars and con men. Bad for the country.
But why did you allow that?
T'is so because they are Wall Street Billionaires & unqualified Hacks! If HRC had done this u would be screaming from the roof
You wrote the playbook on obstructionism. So, get off your shetland pony, little men.
@McConnellPress @POTUS instead he waited till last minute to sell the positions and try to hide their problems.
@McConnellPress @POTUS 
Dear True Obstructionist: ideology aside, Your Prez could have  made reasonable appt's on time...
IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH!! good for the Democrats for standing up to American Values..
You do recall your role when Obama was POTUS, right? Hypocrite.
he could have also picked people remotely qualified for the job instead of #cashncarrywhitehouse  #cabinet4sale
You are unbelievable.
Maybe nominating qualified people would speed the process up.
Taking a page from your playbook, hypocrite. Didn't you and your recalcitrant cadre shut down the Government? Hmm?
So it's time to go NUCLEAR .@seanhannity
I'm disgusted with all you GOP
U have made u're bed
Now sleep in the mess YOU HAVE MADE
U disrespected ALL AMERICANS
Or thanks to the inexperienced candidates he's presented.....
good key trumps nut cars out
Keep pushing them through ..  thumbs up!
@McConnellPress @POTUS how is this different than 9months on a Supreme Court justice? Stop being a hypocrite and liar.
how can you say "extreme obstruction" with a straight face?
remember that u are a public servant & work for the people, not just the rich. The US people do not support these picks
if he nominated people who were qualified and could remember the names of their departments, maybe they'd get through.
Sir, he made bad choices. It's not the Dems.  It's POTUS. Surely you see this. So many better choices.  Let's talk.
