with tax breaks for the rich and no health insurance for the poor #CorruptGOP
so tell me... in the new AHCA, what exactly is the tax break % for the rich and who does it affect?
1. a tax break for insurance company executives making over $500,000 per year & since they make millions
Sev taxes would be repealed at end of this yr-include taxes on health insurers, pharm. and med.device manuf.
well I'll answer. It's 1%. Is your goal expanding affordable insurance or hurting CEOs?
is your goal to save CEO's some money by killing poor people?
I forgot about all the bodies in the streets pre-ACA days though so you win...
nice job avoiding my question. Yes, more people died by not having health insurance pre-ACA.
Your replacement plan has tax breaks for the wealthy and will result in millions being uninsured. That's your promise?
you can't be fixed either, and need to be voted out, comrade

#Trumprussia
god, where have you been. Obamas own Intel chief admitted no ties between Russia and Trump 2 days ago.
Some anti-Trump #conservative #women no longer feel welcome in the GOP. #trump @SenateMajLdr
more people jumped from Dem to GOP in the last election. Explain.
We need UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE!! Dont burden small businesses!!!

Not so far. It isn,t better 
a 30 % premium surcharge, prove no gap in creditable coverage for 63 continuous days during the 12 mths preceding coverage
it's still the same damn policy! Get rid of government healthcare. It should be our choice! We are not responsible for others!
#RepealAndReplace is a shitty slogan. Repeal. Replace? What are you talking about???
Promised to screw more of us is more like it. Shame on you! What's the price of a soul these days?
@McConnellPress Your f-ing over middle class and poor americans #pay your own damn heathcare.
Oh yeah Turtle Boy @SenateMajLdr. You promised BFD. You are empty...bankrupt. just f*ck the poor and mid class and give the rich a tax break
New bill should be called PutinCare because he is more responsible for it than the GOP
We think it's terrible. We'll call it #TrumpCare @realDonaldTrump or #GOPCare  @GOP
#swampcare has a nice ring to it also
You're a LIAR! You hated Obama from the moment he became the nominee! You did everything in your power to OBSTRUCT him!
maybe next time, try replacing it with something that doesn't suck. Better yet, leave it alone.
Speaking of disasters...anything you're associated w/ is a disaster for all Americans except your rich buddies. #nosoul
You have no intention of replacement. Stop lying.
Keep this promise.
One more thing. Is there a provision in your healthcare plan to cover the removal of jowls? #trumpClownShow
Replace it with something better!!
McConnell is not someone that can be fixed or saved. We have to impeach and replace.
either you are drunk tweeting  from Pelosi's pool party or your at the bar with boehner.
Come ON, Mitch. "Obamacare" is a REPUBLICAN plan offered in '96. You've had SIX YEARS to "replace" YOUR OWN PLAN!
it's actually a copy of Hillary's failed plan from the 90's.
The "ACA" was first offered by the Dole campaign. It was enacted in Mass as "Romneycare" 20 years later.
@Stopcnnlies  NO 26 YR OLD SHOULD B ON PARENTS INS-24 BETTER-22 BEST! 22 FOR MY PARENTS W US 4 KIDS-SAME 4 US WITH OUR KIDS!!
ACA covers about 1.5 mil people when you take out Medicare expansion and previously insured
You're offering us junk insurance with curtailed services and caps, while giving rich a huge tax break. No thanks.
why don't tepeal and replace your Congressional health care benefit and join the people with this 'great' plan #noguts
. You are a monster...can sombody PLEASE vote him out already?
It's Obamacare with a few tweaks. A very weak alternative.
you certainly are not. You're a greedy politician screwing over your constituents
you're not fixing healthcare making it worse
HEALTHCARE AMERICAN-STYLE IS NOT HEALTHCARE AT ALL:  IT IS MONEY-CARE FOR PROFITEERS ONLY.  WE ARE WATCHING YOU.
#RyanCare is #DOA. @AARP and analysts agree that millions will suffer.
the Republicans in congress are not listening to their constituents.
This is a COBRA insurance mandate. 30% increase in premiums if not. Most cant afford Cobra. So ppl die cuz they have none
You are not listening to millions of voting constituents who need AHC to survive.
Why do you get premium healthcare and we have to give up our iPhones to afford healthcare for us? #trumpClownShow
what you're doing is suicide! ACA is more popular then you believe! People will remember at reelection, they'll remember you!
Repeal and Replace the Orange Man
Your plan stinks !
no you're not. We Constitutionalists and Conservatives don't believe you and your fellow sellout RINOS.
give us your insurance and you take ours. THEN talk to us. Get your head out of you wallet
oh and psst,  you had how long to come up with a new plan? Morons. All of you.
You're completely lost and have absolutely no idea what you're doing. You must have really hated Obama.
How about this.  Let's switch health insurance for one year. You take mine and I'll take yours.  Sounds fabulous to me.
Another LIAR and FOOL who doesn't FACT CHECK before tweeting his fake alternative facts because he doesn't know what truth is
National Healthcare.  Invest in the American People!  Canada style
watch out for the secret sauce.
balance the budget! focus on getting rid of national debt! invest in schools &infrastructure! End war on drugs& mandatory min!
are you out of your mind! Read some of these tweets!! Fix it you can tax some people and pay for some healthcare.
you are choosing party over country    Disgusting
you are nothing that can be fixed or saved...well maybe fixed.
no you promised a small portion of America.  Leave the ACA alone!
and@GOP We promise to vote you all out of office. We will keep that promise. We promise!
and people will #die and go broke and be uninsured and the rich get #tax breaks you are a shill to your corporate owners
Americans don't want repeal anymore. Figure it out before we #vote you OUT
"Promise" NOT Accepted! Stop undermining ACA! MORE VOTERS DEMANDED U KEEP IT! 3.5 M more votes! U have no mandate to repeal!
Con job. Why do repubs hate the poor?
#CBO score needed. Follow #regularorder for #RepealandReplace
@realDonaldTrump you both could have been heros and introduced universal healthcare
@Lawrence @JoeNBC Your bill will not pass and we the people will not let you. If you do. 2018 your out of leadership.
Guess you haven't heard.  People like ACA, like health insurance much more than they like/care about your promises. SURPRISE!!
not according to what America has seen..Tax breaks for ins CEOs?
, you put a new coat of paint on Obamacare and you called it repeal and replace.this is the " US chamber of Commerce care."
when are you going to feed Hannibal Lecter to the pigs?
you also promised to defend and support the constitution then reneged by not giving Judge Garland a hearing. Derelict of duty.
If you cared about America or even Ky, you would #FixAndSave, not #RepealAndReplace
proposed plan will still drive prices up... Only solution is to have a single payer system where everyone is covered
You had Years to complain about the ACA and now you're just starting to get your thoughts down? What incompetent fools.
#repealobamacare as promised and voted on several times!!! We don't want @GOP version of Obamacare !!!!!  #teaparty #pjnet
and ppl in ur state that had trouble will be out of any healthcare and hope they will vote U OUT! U do not listen.
Right, and you told us in KY you would represent us in Congress but that's a bad joke that we need to get fixed soon!
you don't represent a majority of Americans. 2018 is coming and you are through!
And how many of the poor, elderly, or disabled will lose part if not all of their coverage?
Just repeal it... The current replacement plan stinks!!!
@twright55 sorry Mitch just changing the name and wording isn't repeal and replace..your new plan is a joke..#followRand
Thanks Mitch!  Nobody really wants healthcare anyway!
Thanks Mitch!  We know you guys are looking out for us real Americans, just like Trump, our working class hero!
Contrary to your beliefs, the majority of Americans didn't ask for this promise. This is simply a republican grudge match. Sad
promise a vetting of merrick garland
promised us what exactly? You lie, and avoid the devil in the details. Tax breaks for the rich again? Fraud.
The ACA was given historical level hearings. The gop health care bill DESERVES SAME SCRUTINY! NO MORE LIES
Vote out gop!
keep trying. it ain't going to sell.
repainting is not replacing
Why would you promise to keep your Kentucky voters sick?
When many low income voters lose their insurance  - it's  on Republicans!
Moms say if you change "Americans" to "insurers" you can make a true statement. #momsplaining
Moms demand @SenateMajLdr explain how this fixes healthcare expenses for people who aren't in top 1%?  Did you read the plan? #momsplaining
You should quit. You're not good at your job anymore.
This is complete bs. I have no confidence in you and your party
blablablabla! Pure BS!
You want t repeal to give the 1% the sweet tax breaks
fraud
no you're not, Senator.  Your nibbling around the edges of the existing law and repackaging as your own.  No govt. healthcare.
#Trumpcare #Trumpcare You own it now
Trump said coverage for all. Your killing people.
@McConnellPress Obama lite, with a higher cost to the national debt isn't something to be proud of Mitch!
@POTUS US falls in best country ranking b/c of a__holes like you two
Proving once again that you love your party instead of your country. You lost your way long ago. Sold your soul.
Last I checked, ACA wasn't on a single ballet last year! Stop acting like it was! There is NO ACA replacement mandate!
just b/c u promised it doesn't mean you have ANY MANDATE to gut the plan more voting Americans support! #UnamericanRepublican
@McConnellPress you will be held accountable for your HATE for the poor-
LIAR! #UnamericanRepublican the only place ACA fails r where U Republicans eroded it and U know it! Traitor to poor Americans!
So you haven't worked in 8yrs. GOP should have button up bill??how do u explain that.U&gop are trying& lieing to Americans
Then, you need to meet with Lee, Cruz, Rand Paul and house freedom caucus. They have what we want.
We will all remember your and your supporters actions at next election.  We have awakened.
Full repeal first. Follow Rands Lead. Poverty should not be comfortable. The truly poor should get medicaid in states
complain, complain, complain. Good or bad, ppl will find something to grumble about. Been going on since the time of Moses
Mitch as a former Kentuckian I just can't trust anything you're for, we the tax payers want what our employees (Congress) has!
I'll accept #RepealAndReplace if you drop your senate plan and replace with GOP plan. You wrote the bill. Now use it yourself.
trump is not a president who can be fixed or saved; resist and Impeach.
Generally the assumption for something being replaced is that it's being replaced with something better.
then don't fix or save it  #FullRepeal makes the only sense.  Free market solutions will work.  States have the power.
your promises mean nothing. Remember 'drain the swamp' and 'cut ties with Wall Street '?
maybe you should listen to your constituents
Then REPEAL the damned thing! Talk w/ men who have a clue, like @randpaul, @SenTedCruz and get. It. DONE! Like you PROMISED.

Why are you fixing it then? The new plan is so similar to the ACA. Lets try something new... #MedicareForAll
.Payed for , Seal , and Delievered by "US chamber of Commerce Care" They are in charge of the Senate.
and we promise to not reelect you. You are the worst.
@realDonaldTrump will you keep your promises and not interfere with states regarding marijuana ??
you made a deal w/ the darker forces of our natures, sir - and the dark chapters of usa history await your inclusion. RUSSIA!
No, just repeal and place health care and insurance back into the free market across state lines to ensure competition
#NotABetterPlan when costs for older & poorer American's go up, you don't fully fund high risk pools & you cap cancer coverage
You dont have the votes to do either
We hear alot  of talk but no one has really seen this new bill and it hasnt be through the cbo for a rating.
Must be nice to support healthcare lite when you get some of the best coverage from your gov't job paid for by TAXPAYERS.
like you promised to block #Obama & not work with him no matter how it affects the country That kind of promise #Hypocrite
so HCA takes care of the middle class,  ACA took care of the "lower class"     #plight of the poor
The Horrible Care Act is not the sustainable answer. The ACA could have been fixed, but your hatred clouds your judgement.
Wait until they understand what you & your cronies are doing to them. I doubt that your constituents will be very forgiving.
all I see is Obama care 2.0 and changing the name to Republican Care!  Just NOT what voters voted for!
here's what's going to happen you will forget to replace it after you repeal it.So fix what's there so people have something!
just give us what we give you
umm now you're getting the lying bug...you should listen to the http://people.SAVE  OBAMACARE
Republicans had 7 yrs. To come up with something better & what we get is.a plan that  makes more $ for insurance companies.
you nailed it, thanks.
like all your bills the first thing is defund PP and make it harder to get abortions. Hypocrisy is your game.
you cannot investigate Obama forever, can you?
Yeah...except they don't want to lose their ACA. Drop the name and they love it.
BS
@McConnellPress you're making it more expensive for older people with less coverage.  good going boys, What an improvement!
What made you think that removing the income-based subsidies is a good idea?  Folks with lower income need more help!
Make this the mandatory health care plan for Congress. What do you think about it now, Mr. Turtle? #resist
The only thing that needs fixing is your contempt for the American people!Per Trump: bigger, better, everyone covered! 
Your "plan" is complete shit and the entire @GOP OWNS this. The fiscally conservative option is Single Payer!!
Lies. You kept the parts of Obamacare you like then broke the rest of it. Thanks for nothing, chump.
I'm sure you have all the answers.
your promise must have been to the insurance CEO's. Poor & mid class betrayed again by pricing ppl with preexisting conds out
Total RePEAL, Explain 2 us How u can do that-tgats what we voted 4
@McConnellPress  you don't speak for Americans
We don't want to bait n switch tax 2Ins Cos!Working Americans want same insurance as r elected officials Bernie, Obama,Ryan U
you sir are in another wirld, your constituents and the majority of the country want to keep the ACA with some tweaks.
Implicit in that promise is that benefits would be the same or equivalent not less. Your plan will provide less.
Will you keep promise to coal miners too??
you know you have to make it better RIGHT? MORE affordable BETTER access MORE choices how are you greedy c bags going 2 do it?
blahblah
