Revoke Kushner's security clearance. It is your duty and look closely at Sessions.
To honor them, please save the democracy they died for. Why do we continue to see party over country after Don jerrod &Paul M


Bernie Sanders holds highest approval rating at home, Mitch McConnell is dead last http://ift.tt/2ufOeZ7 


The plane crash that you and your government have planned? Your Fassade is growing weak.
Add the 22 million you kick off Healthcare.
Oh u r a leader?  So lead & fix the ACA & save my son
Your words of condolence ring hollow when you turn around and fight for legislation that will leave injured and disabled vets in the cold.
Get behind Trump you hack stop embarrassing the republican party
McConnell a coward to stand up to bullies trump, bannon; call an end to this madness to take healthcare from over 30 mil including children
How can you offer your deepest condolences when you're trying to take away the insurance of those marines' families for therapy? #BeReal
And funding for survivor's benefits?? Nope? Only tax cuts for health insurance company CEO's? got it
Hope their widows can eat 'condolences'
Keep top-secret info out of the hands of @JaredKushner! #Traitor #SmokingGun
another sick minded response from a liberal socialist communist
According to the course of timeline Clinton's 3 week  early predicted illness  may be next. Followed by the 911 fall ???????????

How many of the @gop are in the inner circle of the 400 wealthy households planning to make money from people losing #healthcare? 
#BCRA
Give America a Great Loaded Healthcare Plan & GOP WILL GO DOWN I HISTORY with a lasting legacy & landslide election  wins for years to come
Condolence.
Sorry enough you would want them to have health care
Yeah, you love them so much you gutted their  benefits.
U've some nerve blaming dems 4 stalling anything! U did a horrible thing 2008 & 2012 w/ blocking dems & Obama.  U know how it feels?


As a veteran i am saddened any time a service member dies. I am also saddened by  children killed in school.  Church members. Not you?
tax breaks for the 400 top earners in America on the backs of the poorest will be noticed in the midterm elections ! DYJ
Because it hasn't occurred to the President to offer the nation's condolences?
NO NEW LAWS UNTIL #RUSSIANGATE IS COMPLETED. AMERICA DEMANDS RUSSIA DOES NOT BENEFIT FROM USA LAWS. THEY ALREADY BENEFIT FROM #SCOTUS
Stop everything until we can figure out what the hell is going on.  Russia!
bla bla bla dude
You mean to their families and fellow Marines, right?
Paging Congress.  Paging Congress!  Act of treason in progress.  Address: 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.  Please respond and investigate.  Roger
Why, so you won't have to insure them after their service to our country?  
You are the worst mankind has to offer.
Crawl in a hole, turtleman
Please note that the plane appears to have come apart in mid-air! If it did something was grossly wrong.
They died doing their duty! God Bless them and their families!
The party of taking responsibility again fails take responsibility for the failure to pass trumpcare. No one wants it. Disaster going down.
You're the biggest obstructionist in Congress. IF you were a normal human, you'd be ashamed of yourself. But you have no shame. Pathetic.
You are the most evil man ever 22 million people could die #premeditatedmurder #lockthemup RIP GOP

You are worse than a colon polyp.
But yet you cut benefits for wounded soldiers and maintenance money for the army.

YOU
STOLE 
A 
SUPREME…
Just called ur office and the nice lady promised me we will get this obamac are repealed by next week !!! I will hold u to it !!!
I just spewed my drink all over my phone.
Probably the only thing we can agree on.

http://8harps.com 
Finally! Mitch stopped trying to shove #TrumpcareKills down everyones throat to say sorry at last about the Marines who died in the crash. 
When tensions are high internally! I find it concerning when government boats and airplanes crashing. 
SENATOR MAY THEY REST IN PEACE ,;AND MAY GOD BRING PEACE AND JOY TO THEIR SOULS! AND MAY THEIR LOVED ONES PRAYERS BE ANSWERED!
Now send your condolences to all the Americans that you are going to throw off their insurance you hypocrite.
Like you care
...but we give a rats ass about the living who need care to stay living! 
AGREED, BUT TELL ME, WHY DO REPUBLICANS FIGHT CLEAN ENERGY PRODUCTION SO MUCH? U R STUCK IN THE 50'S AND HAVE NO NEW IDEAS TO OFFER!
Thoughts, sympathies, prayers, and condolences to the families and friends of these brave individuals.  RIP warriors.  You will be missed.

Says something that this happened yesterday, and you have wasted most of today trying to kill millions of people instead of addressing this.


Hey!
Dump this snake McConnell
With that in mind, isn't is SICKENING that we have leaders who KNOW American leadership is compromised, and are doing NOTHING TO PROTECT US!
Mitch McCuntell, national digrace.
