and republicans spent months saying 8 is enough. you were warned, you were given an explanation, still u persisted. #resist
.@SenateMajLdr As soon as #MerrickGarland gets his hearing and up or down vote.
guess who made the rule that sitting presidents cannot name #SCOTUS  picks in their last year? Joe Biden!!! Hahahahahaha
.@kenyastafford77 That's not a rule. That's propaganda. We have to recognize facts and agree to truth.
@CarolinaWoman50 Please read something
the @nytimes @CNN @msnbc I would never read any of their biased hate filled made up stories
define hate filled? I'm honestly curious, what about history do you deem fake?
You didn't seem to #weneednine when it was an Obama nominee.  Suddenly you've learned to count that high?
WHY? Why shld they? U wouldn't even have hearing on Garland.
Hmm, wonder why they said that?  Almost as if some obstructionist prick was deliberately holding up the works.
Oh. That makes sense. I've been on Mars for the last year. So that makes sense.  Eat your lettuce.
Rancid hypocrite.
You were shockingly disrespectful to Judge Garland by not even meeting with him. You don't have anything to complain about!
Karma
Sit down and shut up! #MerrickGarland
The fact they had to spend months saying so is because you... you should have been fair from the beginning!
they absolutely should not!
Hypocrite.
well who's fault is that I wonder. did you forget you obstructed obama every moment of his terms. seemed treasonous to me????
It was ok for you to obstruct Obama from Day 1 and to not even grant a hearing for Garland? No bigger hypocrite than you
YOU SHOULD TALK HYPOCRITE! #StolenSeat
What is wrong with you?  Wouldn't do your job, bragged about obstruction.  WE KNOW YOU!
@McConnellPress NEVER!
.@SenateMajLdr @McConnellPress And who obstructed that for 9 months??? #boycottKentucky and fascist pig McConnell.
He’s probably not fascist, he is married to an Asian woman. However, he is a pig.
but you didn't think they needed 9- so what's the rush?
BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT! BULLSHIT!
NO. You should have given Merrick Garland a vote. Hypocrisy, thy name is Mitch
been said a million times, worth saying again - you're an incredible hypocrite. How you can look in the mirror is beyond me
.@SenateMajLdr We would have had 9 had you done your job under Pres. Obama & not been so scared of working for a black man.
Because Reps proved 8 is enough.
You proved we don't need nine.  Too late.
guess who made the rule that sitting presidents cannot name #SCOTUS  picks in their last year? Joe Biden!!! Hahahahahaha
Mitch the left is still so shocked and in pain that Hillary didn't win. Lol they can't even hardly function! #MAGA
Your name is not "Leader".  I wouldn't follow you anywhere, and I will look forward to campaigning to defeat anyone who does.
We should already have nine,sir. Republican action last year was transparent and sad. SCOTUS is about law, not politics.
you are a #Hypocrit
yes, but you denied a sitting Pres the seat, so what's good for you works for the other side as well!
hypocritical
#weneednine - well yeah, but we HAD a qualified ninth and you screwed us over.
@McConnellPress Thar man is about as fit as a dog. And seriously? They said that because u wouldn't do ur job.
Not qualified at all!
this is very dishonest, don't you think? which side of the fence are you on?  do we need nine or not?
this person deserves the same treatment as Judge Garland.  You get nothing. #resist
Oh, ALL OF A SUDDEN you want everything RUSH RUSH. Yer all a bunch of whacks.
.@SenateMajLdr @McConnellPress Are you saying that you don't want Democrats to act like you did?
Yes, Merrick Garland should already be on the court you hypocrite.
You had a nominee from a president who was 7 months from lame duck status & you failed to follow through. You deserve nothing.
NO
How do you say these things with a straight face. You have no decency. You are a blight on our governance.
And you couldn't let @POTUS44 get his #SCOTUS nom in? Double Standard much?
And you spent all of those months obstructing. How does it feel to have it done to you, Mr. Turtle?
no they need to wait until doomsday or until your old feeble behind retires. You deserve it
because you gave them that courtesy when it was deserved. #hypocrisy #despicablegop
No, you don't get to play that game. Garland was also superbly qualified. But he wasn't your party's pick. So he was iced.
Funny how anybody the Republicans pull off the street, or anybody who writes a check to Trump, is superbly qualified.
What about Judge Garland?
@McConnellPress you spent yrs. Obstructing President. Obama.  Karma baby, karma.

and you did not listen or uphold the constitution
you have zero right to ever complain about a SCOTUS nominee's delayed vote. You know this. So do we Americans. We see you.
When the electorate renewed Obama's mandate, we made our voice heard. Yet you refused to hear Garland. How hypocritical.
Trump admitted the Federalist Society picked him. Disgraceful! He is far right. Do you guys care about our country at all
Taken out of context. As usual assclown republicans use what works 4 them 2 get what they want. 2 words 4 u: MIDTERM ELECTIONS
Republicans spent a year saying they would not even meet with Merrick Garland.  What's the hurry now.  LOL.  #hypocrisy
if it were a Republican Potus, you would've ensured SCOTUS had 9 on the bench.   Stop being a hypocrite, Mitchy.  #disgusted
hypocrisy suits you.
Um, wow, your statement is so completely lacking in logic.
yes, 9 is important, as it was when you obstructed Garland. Do you really listen to yourself blather on about this? Hypocrites
reap what you sow.
wait,What? U still need to debate the first SCOTUS nominee Merrick Garland. Once his hearing's done you can move on to Gorsuch
Why weren't you saying #weneednine six months ago? Oh, because you're a partisan hack, that's why.
People in Kentucky owe the rest of the nation an apology for re electing you.
so did the last nomination but that didn't change anything.
He can be next in line after Merrick Garland.
please! What about the centrist the Democrats tried to bring in during the Obama admin? YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE.
@POTUS Sometimes when you know you're playing in a rigged game, you have to play by different rules. Your hypocrisy grows.
FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKK   YYYYYYOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!
Exactly! The Republicans stole this @scotus seat. Supreme Court missing a judge for 6 months is despicable. Shame on you!
JUST LIKE YOU followed through with a WELL QUALIFIED candidate???? YOU are all horrible people
@McConnellPress Mitch, did u forget you refused to even talk to Judge Merrick Garland, much less give him a vote?  We haven't.
: What happened to your responsibility for giving the qualified Merrick Garland an up or down vote?  You're not fit to serve.
you are a hypocrite
I hope the Dems give Trump's nominee the same respect and process that Repubs gave Obama's nominee.
You stole the seat from Garland!! YOU are a liar and hypocrite!! #Garlandorvacant
nope...you started this childish behavior...they can delay for years for all I care.
as soon as you give Obama's nomination the same courtesy
you mean after disrespecting the choice of the last president they should roll over for yours? I think not. #karma
NO!
We needed nine last year too! Once you consider Merrick Garland, we'll talk.
Superbly qualified bigot and willing to bend to the desires of a bunch of demons. Impotent old man.
Ahh yes, of course. It's okay when a Republican is president. But when a Democrat is president, obstruct for hundreds of days.
You creep. You represent the very worst in American government. You and your ilk has destroyed our confidence.
are you for real? you stole that seat and now you're pissy the Dems aren't bowing to your rule? HYPOCRITE
MERRICK GARLAND.
Sure: put Merrick Garland up for vote :))
and you said that we don't need nine...so were you lying about that?
And you refused to fo your job and give Judge Garland a hearing.
you have no conscience
@McConnellPress hypocrite
how can you be so incredibly tone deaf? Oh wait ... I know!
obstruction when the dems do it, but business as usual when your party does it?
No they should not they should tell you to go to hell
Like you afforded Merrick Garland? Hipocracy, much?
@McConnellPress 
Like you allowed Garland to get a vote?
hypocrite
fu
are you drinking the same water as @realDonaldTrump?  Get off Twitter and actually do your job! Listen to the American people
LOL  when you call back Garland --  you hypocrite
Pot, meet kettle. We still want Garland, who was also a superbly qualified #SCOTUS @SenateMajLdr
We are handling this just like you did with garland.
I just read a July 2015 NYT article on your commitment to civil rights. How can you enable this president and Bannon?
You reap what you sow
What we actually said was #DoYourJob  But since you ignored us as to merrick garland, should we now ignore you??
Swamp King Swamp King    you make me sick
hahahahahaha.
there would already be 9 if you had done your job! #stolenseat
@Ward4Anderson You mean like when the Senate refused to even meet with Garland? No thanks
MERRICK GARLAND!
Im deciding who 2 vote 4 n next election. Wait til 2020 & let the people decide. Isn't "the middle" of an election subjective?
maybe if you cooperated w Obama then he might have sailed right through
apparently u & other members of ur party felt 9 wasn't necessary so why the push now
we are still waiting for Garland
Yes but u should also acknowledge that the GOP failed its constitutional duty to confirm Merrick Garland. Take responsibility!
Nah, you were right the first time... Eight is just fine.
youbdear sir are a HYPOCRITE!!!!!
#hypocrite no vote for Merrick in 2016 and 8 wasted years focused on blocking the sitting president - you should be ashamed
@McConnellPress Mitch, do you REALLY not see you're the poster child for pure partisan obstructionism? The ultimate hypocrite?
You are beyond description. Almost 1 year YOU and your party stalled a very qualified #MerrickGarland. Liked on both sides.
Nope. Merrick fucking Garland.
Like you did ???
That is not necessary. An eight member court works just fine according to Republicans!
Why rush it? They still have 4 more yrs until Trump's term ends. U said u'd block Clinton noms for entire term
why? U blocked everyone the whole of Obama's term! U deserve nothing but disrespect! #hypocrite
You truly are mad as a hatter
respectfully....#hypocrite
How can you say this with a straight face?  Are you having memory problems?
shut up already! You denied Obama a seat and now you want to whine? Pathetic!!
how you liking it....gonna be a long road because you set the precedent
no. Fuck no. Hypocrite
Will take 8 just like the GOP did for over 200 days. Shameless, the word that sums you up best.
WHAT??  You blocked a good man - how many months??? Now you question why...
There's no "follow through" when the nominee has changed. Supremely qualified? He started a "Fascism Forever" club...ffs...
U spent year denying that vote! You honestly think your voters r that stupid? You'd still b blocking 4 HRC. Seat is not Kochs!
Sir they should put your photograph in the dictionary for definition  of "Hypocrite."
Makes me sick. You are a scar on the already weathered and worn face of my beloved home state! #hypocrite #DitchMitch #RESIST
and you spent months saying #eightisenough, what gives?
And now they are agreeing with the Republican's statements that SCOTUS could work with 7. THAT'S YOUR IDEA!!
SO, you'll have an up or down vote for Merrick Garland?
why did you not vote on Garland!
you mean the so-called nominee?
UP YOURS. MCCONNELL
they spent a year waiting for merrick to get a heating but republicans couldnt be bothered to do their jobs
Whose responsible for us not having 9?  YOU!  #GOPHypocrites
because you and your cronies didn't even bother to have a confirmation beating for the previous candidate
you made your bed, you get to lie in it.
just as Merrick Garland did?
just like you did a year ago?
New Rule: Vote without them. They have been invited to do their job, No Show? No Problem!
you are such a hypocrite!!!!  You flip flop so often I am surprised you even remember what name you use.
You just proved our point. They spent MONTHS, and YOU obstructed! #resist
I am happy with 8
Um, NO.
