More tax cuts for billionaires...never has gap between rich and poor been greater and u wanna give rich more. #shameful #crook @MSNBC @CNN
Republicans are just as much at fault for the sorry state of our country now. If they don't support Trump's agenda, have them recalled.
And yet you're okay w American children and adults dying from poverty, lack of healthcare, and white males w guns. You don't stand w us.
Then back OUR President! Get his agenda going!
wipe them out. show no mercy.
The GOP is the most dangerous terrorist organization in the world. BAR NON. And you sociopath are the head of it...#specialplaceinhell

@ChrisMurphyCT explains how #Obamacare isn't dying Trump is purposefully killing it
But younsudntbstand with your own citizens when you were informed our country was under cyberattack
Ya think you could try standing with Americans too?  Huh?  Just maybe?
Callous is a word you know we'll. You live it.
Oh #hypocrisy - your outrage is a lie. You willingly "kill" the poor with your choices. YOU kill children with the TERROR of no health care.
"SNOWFLAKES" say anything, but change nothing

"SNOWFLAKES" say anything, but change nothing

"SNOWFLAKES" say anything, but change nothing
#TrollsAreNothing
#TrollsAreNothing
#TrollsAreNothing
I love when I'm including in replies and I have zero clue what is trying to be communicated. What happened to full sentences???
don't lie, asshole, you stand with Russia
Do you have evidence of that?
You and all Rs need to fully support Trump and stop allowing his hamstringing over nothing. Close that useless Russia investig committee.
Agreed
Speaking of children being killed... U did nothing 2 prevent easy availability of guns after Sandy Hook.
Not the problem.
Now stand up to the collusion. Oh wait, you're in on it, too. #RussianMoneyLaundering #PrisonMitch 
The only collusion is the Democratic Party & the Destroy Trump Media
McConnell is despicable!
You will do nothing about it, other than accept millions from Ukrainian business men during your last campaign. #trumpClownShow
Oh great OLD man! Couldn't even come up w/ you're own statement. Sad!
Sounds nice. What exactly does it mean in terms of action?
To late to open your mouth now,  where are you with @realDonaldTrump  travel ban
another callous terrorist attack is GOP slashing SNAP WIC Medicaid/ACHA atrocity you are terrorist against the poor of the USA
Hmmm. And I thought the only people you stood with were other republicans
USA can stand with other countries against terrorism?
As long as it benefits yous, ur a fake and a liar
We don't know who is responsible. Stop promoting fear so you can sell weapons! Man is horrible. People Pray to GOD in JESUS Name for Justice
Thanks, Mitch. Now you can get back to decimating healthcare and eliminating the social safety net for the poorest among us.
Except you hiding in your shell.  #TrumpNotWelcome
When will you stand with #Americans senator?  When?  #TrumpRussia
"Again". Nice not so subtle dig there Mitch. Stay classy.
Stand all you want to McConnell what are you doing to solve the problem that is does not happen again?
@SenateMajLdr  SIT down and shut theF*UCK up
How will yu manage that? You can't even stand against Russian terrror in our election !!  RESIGN ! and your laundry will be aired as well !
Support Trump coward
We finally have proof of inappropriate financial dealings with Russia.
But you don't even stand with Americans!
Remember this when weapons are sold to the Wahhabis by @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for this eloquent response to such a tragedy. #45 is an embarrassment in using "losers" as his response.
By ISLAMIST FASCISTS!
#BuzzOffTroll
As if you care... oh oh let's make more weapons that's the ticket. That will make us all feel safe.  2018 flip senate, office in a closet u
And to think, Trump shared ISIS intel w/Russia and then confirmed it early yesterday on international TV.
It was bad but does not come close to the massacre on poor people & working families in TrumpCare & in the 's budget. @CNN @nytimes @MSNBC
You stand with the idiot President and whoever has the fattest pockets to help line your own.  I hope your constituents vote you out.
how about we stop standing with people and start supporting Trump to destroy the bastards? Enough is enough.
You mean like all of you ugly haters supported President Obama for 8 years?
Sir, on hearings, where are t/questions relating to Clintons & Podesta brothers Russian contacts? What's wrong with our Republicans?

We don't stand when American children were attacked , loosened gun control laws, making it easier to have another Sandyhook.
But, McConnell won't stand with the America people! McConnell favor both legal and illegal immigration!
Yes we do !  Now you need to stand with Trump!
Why have you abandoned the President of the United States? 
RINO
Wow Gowdys questioning is damaging Trump for the sole reason because it is literally indefensible so any further you get to the truth is
100% going to lead to damaging revelations about Trump this is why Trump is actively obstructing justice, and the question now becomes if
the GOP did indeed know how his obstructing isnt their failure to act its own obstrucion of justice? These are all question we real voters
have in our heads so despite the nice bubble Mitch McConnel creates for you rich out of touch corporate Repubs, the truth ALWAYS PREVAILS.
Could you explain this to your voters, Sir?
Sen. McConnell's father-in-law owns cargo ship that got busted w/90 lbs of cocaine

Mitch's wife=Trump Transport Sec Elaine Chao …
Well Mitch, you best get used to the PAIN. Because you folks in Congress won't address these acts seriously, I fear it happening in US.
It already does...by our very own homegrown terrorists!  #RichardSpencer #DylanRoof #AdamPurinton #RobertLewisDear for starters.  All #White
Meanwhile Mitch is trying to mass murder the poor in America.
"again" being the keyword here.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Never mind standing with the victims. It's time to terrorize the terrorists! Time to pitch instead of catch. "Release the Kraken!"
Millions of Muslim "refugees" from Africa and the Mideast have INVADED Europe over the last few years. TENS OF MILLIONS more on the way!
The Trump WHITE HOUSE/GOP are nothing but liars, we all know that now, it's a non issue anymore
Do not imagine that the GOP can escape judgement if you kill people with a false prospectus rather than with a bomb.
Fascinating you didn't use Trump's words: "Evil Losers".
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today
How about standing with Prez Trump NOW
We do! But we don't stand with this administration. trump is #SCOTUS
@SenateMajLdr 
You lost all #Credibility due to your shenanigans w/ #NuclearOption Your empty words mean less than nothing
Action speaks louder than words!
STAND WITH YOUR PRESIDENT
The President is standing with Saudi Arabia! Remember 9/11?
She was eloquent
Always daring to take that bold stance, providing it doesn't cause your funders to lose money.
Well if there's one thing @SenateMajLdr leader knows, it's callous...
Why aren't you using the @POTUS words? Oh, right. Because he sounds like a 5th grader.
Talk is cheap, #Turtle.
# that is why we need to support President Trump re: vetting we are the infidels 4 these terrorist groups no one is ever safe they hate us
Stand with Americans for Healthcare, food, housing, fair wages. Stand against #corporategreed You and @GOP are our economic terrorist group
Nice.  Rigor mortis hasn't even set in, and you're already trying to use the dead to argue for Moar Free Shit.  Stay woke, Commie.......
What steps did U take to save our electoral process after Brennon briefed U about Russian meddling 2 benefit DJT in our election in Aug/Sep?
@SenateMajLdr 
You Suppressed information that was vital to a Fair Election You are #Accountable for your part in our #ElectionMeddling
GOP cuts in spending and Healthcare plan is an absolute home grown terrorist threat on the American people. Poor elderly women and children.
Why did you ignore warnings of Russian meddling in our elections? An act of war, and you chose to hide it.
Why, after 30+ years of dismissing the threat of the Russian bear as "Republican warmongering," is your party in such a fighting mood NOW?
The same reason we didn't pre-emptively bomb Japan before Pearl Harbor?  History will judge who to blame.  You should worry about today.

You need to back President Trump in stopping it from happening on our soil. Get this radical Muslims out of theUS
Your party attacks the American people every day
#EvilLosers #ManchesterBombing
Words mean nothing
