WHY don't you & Ryan want Mueller fired? You know very well he is way out of line with his bias and hatred of President Trump...yet you all defend him...WHY?????
The poor do not have Free Speech. No one listens to the Poor and Vulnerable. We just have to grin and bear it.
When people tried to use their right to free speech, you arrested them.

You fight for nothing but yourself.
Really? Is that why you didn't let the @thedemocrats offer their perspective on #healthcare?

Hi there. I'm Mitch McConnell. When I'm not having disabled people arrested for protesting a bill that will kill them, my hobbies include 
Well, It really is the conservative flag. Dems were conservatives back then. #TheMoreYouKnow
Oh please you fought to suppress the vote and obstruct
Actually no, you made a name for yourself in the 90's by trying to ban adult material.
Tell her about the decades that "Deep Throat's" name was withheld, but that didn't mean stories weren't factual-RESULT: NIXON was impeached
Repeatedly interrupting female Senators when they are speaking says otherwise
Pres Trump should fire AG SESSIONS whether you like it or not! HE IS INEFFECTIVE! Now, the NY Judge on Cohen case, Kimba Wood, OFFICIATED at Soros wedding? OMG...she should be made to RECUSE? All crooks!!!
Really??  Then why is WH blocking live media coverage today?
You cannot seem to unite the Senate, so I am sorry, but you are NOT a leader! You simply do not know how to shepherd your flock in the same direction for the good of the country! Please step down!!!
Yeah, free speech. The so called president can say what he wants on Twitter, true or not? You Republicans are enablers. Sick.
I think @SenWarren @SenKamalaHarris would disagree with you. Course, what dey know? Dey's just wimmin... One's jus' black woman.
Unless it's people who disagree with you #ADAPT and RESIST
#LIAR
How about fighting to get us a SEC OF STATE???? We need Mike Pompeo...why do you allow Dems to continue to block our President? DO SOMETHING OR STEP DOWN! You went Nuclear for Gorsuch!!!
That's not what your job is. YOU HAD ONE JOB. TO work for the betterment of the American people and you FAILED US.
you don't necessarily get to have free speech, if you are our agent in Washington. Looks like you breached your contract with your voters
Is that a US flag you're standing in front of?
And yet you meekly stay silent as @POTUS attacks any dissent in our free press, coward
Except if you're trying to exercise free speech by leaving you a message. Coward.
You mean like back-room health dealings and Spicey press conferences going dark, Turtle?
Liar
What happen to REPEAL?????
Then speak to Sara Huckabee who insulted a room full of journalists. Tell her that newspapers don't always reveal sources or no stories
Remember that freedom of speech DOES NOT mean freedom from consequences.....  Most ppl tend to confuse the two.....
YOU HAVEN'S SPOKEN UP @ ALL AGAINST TREASON AND RUSSIAN HACKING...  WEAK WEAK WEAK... TURTLE-MAN
Your idea of free speech is violence against people you disagree with.
Where was @elizabethforma's free speech. Or does free speech only apply to white men. #neverthelessshepersisted
Ummm! Don't see you "FIGHTING" for FREE SPEECH! See you trying to obstruct it! From your peers and WE the people - YOU HIDE in dark corners!
Is this why you voted to silence @SenWarren on the Senate floor? You believe in free speech only when it falls from #GOP lips. #Hypocrite
BS.  Yet you refused to meet w those who funded yr recovery of polio & disabled Americans 4daring 2 stand up to you.
Mitch McConnell refused to meet with the group that funded his polio recovery http://bit.ly/2t42Ta4  
The 1st amendment enables me to say is that the only thing you fight for is you and for what your major donors want. #Hypocrite
That must be why u conducted the healthcare bill in secret and had ppl protesting forcibly removed
This is the face of #Duchenne #Medicaid #NoCapsNoCuts #KeepKidsCovered
Unless of course you are disable and in front of YOUR office, right?
Is that why non-violent protesters in wheelchairs are being arrested and harassed? Why are we allowing that?
So...having people pulled out of a Trump rally because they don't agree.  Is that covered under free speech or not?
Hey Mitch.The only "free speech" u care about is corporate money which is wrongly defined by SCOTUS as "speech".Vote crooked Mitch OUT 2018.
http://www.gq.com/story/mitch-mcconnell-march-of-dimes-health-care …?
Then I must freely state that you are the ugliest looking man in America!
LOL.
Free speech?! Just for the side you want to hear from. Don't give us that Bullshit.
Shame on McConnell.
The March of Dimes helped McConnell recover from childhood polio.

They oppose his health care bill.…
There's a special place in hell for you.
Mitch McConnell refused to meet with the group that funded his polio recovery http://bit.ly/2t42Ta4  
Your face makes me physically ill. Is that covered under your horrible health care plan
is this part of your free speech you racist
Fought against?
If affordable healthcare is not available in USA there will be REVOLUTION in this country.Congress must have same coverage as all Americans
Here is my free speech- healthcare is a right of all Americans.Your job-to pass a bill that both parties can agree on. This bill-a disgrace
Then ill ask about coal ships owned by your wife's dad packed with cocaine. The same person that gives you and you'r campaign millions. ??
You have no idea what 'free speech' means. It's for EVERYONE not just you and your wealthy colleagues
@SenateMajLdr  - shove it up your....
So that's why you have ppl arrested when they exercise free speech rights. Yr post drips w/so much irony it's nauseating. #traitorMcconnell
So THAT's why trump rants abt any story that puts him in bad light, calling them "fake news." /s

DJT HATES press unless it kowtows to him.
Murderer
Is this why you had protestors arrested for protesting your junk "healthcare" bill that you're trying to force through congress?
If you stand up for free speech why did you have disabled protestors handcuffed and dragged out of your office area?
The disabled barely has a voice. Stewardship says we stand up for those who can't. My heart hurts for how we treat our fellow man.
Free speech? Really? Don't think warren was approved for free speech
Lies by the GOP
As long as said speech is in line with what you agree with

The March of Dimes helped McConnell recover from childhood polio.

They oppose his health care bill.…

DEPLORABLE BIGOT has GOLDEN healthcare plan WE PAY to keep HIS ass alive while he KILLS Americans with their  plan giving RICH TAX BREAKS
Did the March of Dimes help you get cured from childhood polio? Does the March of Dimes support your healthcare bill?
I don't know if you've noticed but our illegitimate president banned media outlets from daily briefings. He's paranoid. Coverup mode.
But you negotiate behind closed doors
You should be ashamed of yourself, what happened to the Republicans? I know------your following your hate master"Trump"
U have 2 allow someone 2 speak 1st, before it's Free Speech! #EvilEmpire #NobodySafeTour
Mitch McConnell refused to meet with the group that funded his polio recovery http://bit.ly/2t42Ta4  
You fought for nothing of the sort!
I don't believe any of this, your for free speech what a joke. You voted for Trump who definitely doesn't believe in free speech.
Stop trying to change the subject. You're stealing healthcare from tens of millions. HOW do you sleep at night?
Calling bullshit on that.  You only represent the wealthy and large corporations.  Pack your bags , voters are waking up!!!
I freely expressed my distain and disgust with you and the entire GOP. You are ruining America and I hope 2018 is a disaster for the GOP
Then whats with SR  118?
Free speech meaning the right of big pharma to put $400K  into your coffers.  Too bad the poor & sick can't afford free speech.
You, sir, are a total liar!
At least the mortuary business will get wealthier. I'm sure u bought stock. #ACA #DontCapMyCare #HellerVoteNo #TheResistance

You're so twisted in ur thinking Mitch. I hope u have room in ur 'house' for all the people you'll be putting on the streets. #ACA #ADAP
For shame Mitch, you're the only one who gets free speech when it comes to #ACA let the rest eat cake!
The problem, Leader McConnell, is that YOU DON"T LISTEN TO THE DISSENTERS. You could learn so much.
Free speech when they speak on things your slimy little ears enjoy hearing, right Mitch? You are disgusting.
Are you Leader of ISIS? Why do you want to murder our People? 
Stop TrumpMcCONcare aka American ISIS!
When you see those people in wheelchairs does it remind you that you would be in one if it wasn't for gov't help? What would your mom say?
Single payer now!
Protesting is free speech! Forcibly removing handicapped people from UR office is inhumane—Hell has a special place 4 soulless men like you.

Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
Where will you go Mitch when you leave this world after taking away people's healthcare to enrich billionaires?
.@SenateMajLdr Why did you pull wheelchair bound folks from your office who were exercising their right to free speech?
You are suppressing their rights to free speech.
Why did you suppress Elizabeth Warren's right to speak in the Senate? "Nevertheless she persisted" and then you silenced her.
Impeach Leader McConnell/Russia collusion
You are a terrible person.
Ever consider the longer president dip shit is in charge and acting crazy, the more him and Republican Party becomes synonymous!!
U r untrust worthy
Let me address my right of free speech --- your healthcare plan SUCKS.
Oh, what the hell do you know about "free speech" anyway? All you are is a mouthpiece for the NRA. Loser!
Then why were protesters IN WHEEL CHAIRS OF ALL THINGS carted away from outside yr office re TrumpCare, huh? Invite them back.
You're a putz.
Cool. How about health care?
You look like an AIDSy toad.
Turtleman, you lie.
Oh goodie, you stand for free speech but i do believe it's a right granted by our Constitution.Too bad you don't listen when people speak.
VIGLIACCO !!!
why did you have those  American in wheelchairs protesting arrested? They have no right to free speech.   You are essentially a baby killer

That would be funny if it wasn't a complete lie & joke. You're a racist, sexist, elitist, obstructionist, hypocritical old fart.

#mitchmcconnell


 
Nice pic
#StandUpForFreeSpeech

Is this why you made sure erections were covered under your new bill?
Turtle McConnell is getting a notice next that he's under FBI investigation for #TrumpRussiaCollusion
JUST IN: I WANT YOU 
Last week Mueller issued ”You're-under-investigation” notices to
Nunes, Issa, McConnell, Ryan
…
By free speech, he means the Koch brothers using inherited wealth to  undermine democracy and force outdated, failed ideas on Americans.
