The best part is the lifetime caps which basically undermind the whole purpose of insurance. 
Thanks for sharing. If this is true, I fail to see how the proposed bill is an improvement.
The GOP wants to give a tax cut to their donors, they have to get the money from somewhere and they are gonna do it by taking away #AHCA
Ok so then explain it to me Andy?
andy, WHY?  sometimes the why is important.....
Americans don't want to forfeit their health care insurance for the orange one's little dick attitude towards 'protecting' the U.S.
.@SenateMajLdr Most Americans C thru ur hypocrisy, ur twisting of reality & how @gop caused problems in ACA so they could "fix" &get credit
What you are doing, have done is sinful at best but you dont care, (no morals) in your protected wealthy 1% bubble, a 1% tool
Sorry, but it is the Dems that are in the 1% these days...that's why the poor are shifting to vote GOP.  Dems forgot about them.
Complete BS  Trump and his appts all 1%, all for  giving more tax breaks to already wealthy and gutting jobs/wages and healthcare
BTW, when U say giving...Who does the $$$ belong to?  The person that earned it or the Gov't that lets U keep a little?
Not a disaster from day one. That is a lie. Americans need to see yours at work to know how little you really care about American's health
Americans deserve health care. It is necessary, not an option like the Republicans think. We want the same health care insurance YOU have.
Then let's have a hearing!

(by @MattBors)
43 hearings and not ONE GOP amendment incorporated. Sorry Dude, but as his royal highness stated: "Elections have consequences."
That is a lie. There were over 100 GOP amendments added to the bill. 

Why do you love lies?
Because he's a red-blooded flag waving patriot and strong supporter of Donald J. Trump, and therefore likes being lied to. #Duh
uh...Hillary never lied dude? take ur rocket back 2Mars. DJT is the most transparent @POTUS in 30 yrs
And his memory must be going, for to be a good liar you have to have a good memory. Trump lies one day, then contradicts himself the next.
My healthcare has been horrible since Obama. Costs too high and doctors refuse to help. Hospital WON'T treat chronic conditions in Taos NM!
SUPPORT FUND FIX ACA WITH DEMS
http://nymag.com/daily/intellig …
You have been a disaster as long as you've been in office reptile man
hey, we're all FOR better care.  and any day you want to develop a plan that provides that, we're ready.
ACA was a GOP idea.I say they hate it because of racism toward Obama.
Why do Repubs hate Obamacare? http://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2017/01/why-republicans-hate-obamacare/ … via @MotherJones
It has not. More #lies & propaganda from #Republicans! #spin #BetterCare #Fail #HealthcareBill #Medicaid
Hitler sent the old, disabled & poor to their deaths, too. But at the camps he gassed them quickly rather than let them die painful deaths.
The disaster is having a senate leader who ignores the Constitution.
Obamacare saved me since day one of my cancer treatment. Americans deserve to not have their care taken away.
Better Care = No Care
Then write a better bill. When you do, the respectful former POTUS will support it.
Go screw
If your care is so better, why not write the bill in public, w/debate, rather than behind closed doors, w/just lobbyists? #Hypocrite

And yet in 9 years you haven't been able to come up with a better plan. Or any plan.
this march was in his name. You need to demand he denounce them and call them domestic terrorists!
Actually, more ppl. have coverage today b/c of #ACA, you fool.
so kick 22 million people of health care give HUGE tax break to your donars? Great solution
You are a disaster, MItch.  You lie and you support the t___ in the White House.  You lie like he does.
Lmfao ok 
That is a lie. The ACA is not a disaster. It would have been better if Marco Rubio hadn't screwed it up. It just needs to be tweaked.
Hey yertle the turtle. Your job is I danger. 2018 Dems rule!
You lie. And cheat. We deserve honorable statesmen in charge. That's NOT YOU.
Want to see a disaster?
Uckfay ouya you old SOB just because you don't have long to live Amen doesn't mean you have to take as many as possible with you @SenateMajL
Where the fuck are your lips @SenateMajLdr?
NO FREAKING HEART
Will the GOP congress members exchange your & your family luxury govt health plan to replace it with the Trump plan?
https://twitter.com/Curiopus/status/878408529618628608 …
Bravo!
So, you actually believe that slashing Medicaid will help the poorest & most vulnerable people in our country have decent healthcare?
And you believe that you've lowered premiums? You haven't. You've raised them, in fact. This bill is totally craven and transparent.
It's simply a ploy to allow insurance companies to make huge profits and for GOP members to line their pockets w/ lobbyists' money.
You don't give a shit about the American people, children, the poor, or the disabled. I hope fervently you lose everything in life.
I hope you lose your family, your home/s, your money, & that you become homeless and disabled. Then we'll see how much you like this bill.
Do you even remember when you had polio? Who paid for your rehab? And who pays your healthcare now? You'd give the people this crap
You had the opportunity to make Obamacare better, and you chose this path of corruption instead. #PrunefaceCare.
LoL.  @realDonaldTrump promised GREAT care for all, day one that it's replaced.  Now it's 'Better Care' which is really 'Nightmare Care.'
As you said, when congress rushes, it stumbles.
Obama Care hasn't been a disaster from day one! You lie and are a hypocrite. You criticize democrats for the same thing you are doing!

Dillusional and disconnected from what real people need.
@McConnellPress YOU ARE THE DISASTER!! 
More like #NoCare. Much like how Republicans feel about anyone who isn't super rich. #nocareatall. You people make me sick.
Mitch McConnell must not like the American people that he's murdering with this bill to sit outside his door.
This bill sucks.  We need government out of our healthcare and liberty.  You are so screwed up.
Richest country on planet and we have you, #SpeakerRyan, others to rely on for #healthcare; country needs better. #resist archaic thinking
@McConnellPress lets do away with all insurance for congress and Govt. Save a lot of money.
I like your tweet, but think you need to satisfy Rand Paul's concerns about "HHS discretion" in granting states relief.
You are a liar.
#Deathpanel Chairman of the first American Death Panel! Congratz! You must feel so accomplished! Hitler and Saddam would look up to you!
440k from insurance companies - of course he doesn't want Obamacare
Your a BULLY THAT USES HIS POSITION TO PUSH YOUR AGENDA. YOU ARE BULLY.  YOUR THE DISASTER!!! YOU NEED TO GO!!!!!!!!!
#Russian hacking
GOP is a disaster for poor and middle class Americans
How can you live with yourself. Lie,lie and lie
Trump promised "good health care for everyone".  You're not even following what your President promised!!
Do you have ANY integrity?! Dismissing insurance & rx companies taxes while cutting the safety net for the old & young. SHAME!
@McConnellPress
The 4 requests the 4 holdouts are asking for seem right & fair. Leader McConnell get this done. 320 M need HI coverage
Those Americans in wheelchairs that you have handcuffed and arrested do not like the bill.  Why not talk to them about your great bill? LIAR
So jealous of a real leader like President Obama. You will never be 1/4 of the man he is.  #racistpig
You tiny baby man. #weakman  #badhuman.
You are the worst "obstructionist" of all!
Are you proud of having disabled American dragged out of their wheelchairs while trying to protect their healthcare? Un American!!!!
You're a disaster and traitor to this country.
You're a disaster #FireMcConnell #SaveACA
You certainly aren't going to deliver it.
Then quit playing games and politics and get it done!
And your voice mail box is full, so please hear the anger, frustration and sadness in my tweets.
Please resign.  The lack of transparency in which this legislation was created shows your lack of patriotism and devotion to democratic.
Disagree. I am grateful for the changes in policy of Obamacare that cover more Americans with greater benefits. #disagree
This bill is great is you work for Trump and are a billionaire.  It's not good for working class family people.  It's a dictatorship plan!
Mitch can u join Nancy in retirement... PLEASE!
You forgot to add cut taxes for millionaires donors at the expense of the middle class.
You are condemning the disabled to give money to people who don't need any more. The needs don't go away when the funding does.
So, how much are the Russians paying you to look the other way? Asking for a friend...
Your "health care" bill is complete BS. You &your colleagues will feel the wrath in 2018. Count on it.
#DeathPanels #TrumpCare #HandsOffHealthcare #TaxCutsForRich
No it hasn't. You're lying, again. #Obamacare #ACA
You've been a disaster since day one. Most corrupt politician.
you are crazy

You sir are a genuine p.o.s. 
ppl make no mistake! These evil ppl can make this demonic bill A LAW by Wed!! Once it passes senate it's done. Have to fight!
you sir are the disaster to the well being of ALL AMERICANS with this bill of yours. Shame on you all if you put this through.
The Senate version is a kick in the face to Americans while giving a boat load of money to the rich.  Deplorable and unethical. Shame on U.
Bye bye GOP in 2018.
If it's such great healthcare, all of you should lead by example and sign up for it too. #Trumpcare #wealthcarebill
If it was good you wouldn't HIDE it.
And don't ignore us either. U had a secret group of all white men discussing My healthcare? Despicable! Ask your pastor to forgive you
That is a bald faced lie you keep repeating. You Reps let it start to fail. Us people, who you work for, favor the ACA. 87%. Fix it.
#wealthcare logic: My roof needs repair so I'll burn down my house. This bill is no fix for ACA; it is a deathtrap for America #GOPpuppets
Trump promised to repeal and replace #Obamacare and we're getting closer and closer! #BetterCare
Summing up McConnell statements: Word, lie. Word, lie. Word, lie. Word, lie. Word, lie, etc. But hey, Rs will still vote for me, so I'm good
You are the worst thing to happen to America since the Great Depression. You have contributed nothing and taken everything from us #vote2018
McConnell means no care so he can give tax cuts to the wealthy. Just keep lying...this will kill ppl who can no longer afford insurance.
What happens when my wife meets her lifetime cap, Mitch?
#Obamacare is what made it possible for my disabled wife to have health insurance. Without it, she would be on permanent disability.
I do not support the GOP "wealth care" program. USA needs ACA
(aka Obamacare). It works in blue states that adopted every part of it.
Senator, you know very well that this is not better care. Poor & older Americans will fund your rich donors' tax cuts. We ALL get it.
Well, some of us know. I saw the video on the bloody Disabled man they pulled out of the Congressional building today. It was horrible.
You and the rest that made up this bill will suffer. Can't take all that money with you when it time to die. And you can't buy health either
YOU are a serial killer
Better care? Death is better care?
What happened 2 this sweet lil' boy? How did he grow 2 be such a mean ol' man? That Healthcare Bill? Shame on u Mitch McConnell.
#taxcutsfortherich
What makes it better? Honestly. Please someone tell me.
(2) So when Pt's suffer & die, there's a loophole in law to allow a hearty class action to hold a person like you liable...
Better care? Like you had as a child? #HealthcareBill
(1) FYI: if you don't allow due process & partisan participation, we're planning to hold you personally liable for negligence
Here's an idea. Why don't you show your medical records & charges so we can see what level of disaster you're talking about.
I am cancer free b/c of the ACA. My brother-in-law could afford his cancer treatment b/c of the ACA. IT IS NOT A FAILURE!
Oh really? Do tell, where will this better care come from? It's not the shitrag your ilk cobbled together between demonic summonings.
Hmm... any recent updates @sarahkliff's? #BetterCare? I think @SenateMajLdr missed this first go around...
For 8 years you bitched about how dems passed ocare and then decided to pull the same crap.   If it didn't suck you'd wouldn't have needed 2
You are a major disaster.  RESIGN.  Too rich, too old and eat a lot of baloney.
Someone better give a press conference Friday to refute everything Schumer said about the senate plan!
If it was a better bill you wouldn't have written it in secret.  You would have held hearings and involved experts.
You know poor and middle class people are Americans also. You can't screw them all and pretend you give a damn
Seriously?
If it weren't for #Obamacare, I'd be dead. Maybe take that into consideration as you discuss your so-called #BetterCare.
You are the darkest besides Trump for our American values. I'm speechless with your mentality. You are terrifying.
How do you even sleep at night?
Then trash that shit you and the House just passed and do it right.
That may be true, but your plan is worse, so you should go back to the drawing board w/women & dems to write a plan that benefits Americans.
Your bill and your treatment of the Patriots outside your office being carried out of their wheelchairs is disgusting.
@McConnellPress  by kicking off millions of people. You're sad
You are a liar.  Many of us have benefited greatly.  We understand you hate Americans. So problem is w/you, Ryan & other evil GOP members.
No public input, penalizing women, poor, elderly... Americans deserve #Bettercare not #Trumpcare
I didn't know turtles knew how to tweet
More #LegislativeLies
Obamacare = Romneycare. Before it 48million uninsured. Today 23 million. But continue

Hey McConnell, Did you order the arrest of the handicapped people protesting at your office?
shameful -  cutting medicaid and not taking the time to come out and listen to the protestors today outside your office
Why not cut out your health insurance for the rest of your life?  That'd save us money, too!  Sir, you might be a Sociopath.
I would rather be in the hands of Rand Paul than 20 senators and you shut the door on him. Your own state Senator.
You are a hypocrite and a liar.  It's despicable what you're willing to do to the poor and elderly.
You call this better care??? Tax break for the rich. Poor and disabled get screwed. You have no conscience. Shame on you. #screwcare.
2busyshoving disabled outof thr wheelchairs #DisabilityRights 2protest  #trumpcarekills @ananavarro @SenSanders @donnabrazile @davidaxelrod
Just like Trump and the GOP
Shame on you for what you are trying to do with this healthcare bill. Horrible!
If not for Obamacare I'd have no health care at all and I have a neuro disease that is fast putting me in a wheelchair. SMDH
Republ senior leadership have served up the poor, elderly, disabled & middle class to their masters big pharma & insurance companies greed
NO, it's been subject to Russiapublican SABOTAGE attempts since day 1
Mitch, by "better care" we know you mean tax cuts for billionaires.
You are truly an evil man. It's quite shocking.
...taking my money. How about cutting out Congress' healthcare that we the people pay for? That should save some money.
So is cutting Medicaid to seniors who have been paying for it for decades better because frankly if that's the case I want you 2 stop...
*receive
And you love killing Americans?
