We're not.  We are scared because of the Rethuglican administration policies that make the rich richer
We feel fear because you and your boys cater to corporations instead of people who need a hand up, you jackal
I'm running against that jackal in 2020. Wanna Help? #CoxforKY #FightforKY
But should fear walkin dwn the street w/antifa rioting-bein puled out of their car cuz of a sticker-fear bein beheaded cuz theyre Christian
No but elected officials should be in fear of losing their jobs when they can't get he job done that Americans demand.
It's called term limits
The president is at his private golf resort in Bedminster, N.J., this weekend. His staff will not say what he has been doing.
You do realize that he has time off right? It's one of those things called Nunya ....none of your damn business
Oh yes we do. I'm in fear everyday because klansman @jeffsessions and @POTUS are trying to fill the prisons up with minorities and the poor
Lololololololol....waaaaaaaaaa I'm being picked on. If u do the CRIME ....u DO THE TIME!!!!
Yes, so have the AG Sessions back off from his police state! We should not live in fear of politicians. You better fear backlash #VOTE2018 !
TRUMP PENCE 2018
Russian BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT BOT! Hey Mitch, how did you get that 2.5 million from Russia in your super-pac? PacMan Mitch! Russian stooge
You're talking to #MAGAts right? @realDonaldTrump preys on the hate/fear. You and rest of @GOP want #FaithAndFreedom only for Old Whitey.
Here we go again another whiner talking about white people
This isn't whining. This is calling out a couple of assholes. I'm against white supremacy in ANY form. I'm also pro-punctuation.
Why @SenateMajLdr has no one answered your phone for 63 business days? No VM. No email responses. I'm a constituent and find this troubling.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
TRYING TO KEEP BAD GUYS OUT, BUILD THE WALL ETC THAT LIBERALS ARE TRYING TO STOP. BRILLIANT YOU ALL ARE.
Then why doesn't the GOP criticise @EricTrump after he said Democrats aren't people?
Someone cares what Eric says?
We live in fear daily of what our crazy President will do next.
He just may save your ass or make your life better. WOW now that would b horrible wouldn't it? !
I voted for the right man and donated directly to his campaign. Trump cares about Americans, not Dems or repubs
Then why to you allow Trumpers to threaten the rest of us?
Hay you liberals started the party. So we now have to finish it.
Are you resigning?
Nope 8 years buddy 8 years!
Bull shit
And why are democratic candidates in state elections getting death threats?
Because they like to call their own phones and leave messages to themselves ;)
People shouldn't live in fear because they love the "wrong" person. I sense some serious bullshit
Im running against Mitch McConnell in KY in 2020, wanna help? Together we can do what's right. #CoxforKY #FightforKY
Really? I lost friends because they were Trump supporters and thought I was scum for voting Clinton. If I try to reach out, they ignore me.
Because there is no reasoning with stupid
We are united in our fear of what will happen if your #healthcare bill passes, that’s for sure.
Awwww ur afraid u might have to get a job. Damn the bad luck!
Excuse me? What part of what I said makes you think I don’t have a job?
Americans shouldn't have to live in fear because other Americans elected you, Paul Ryan, or POTUS 45. But we do.
Hey that whole fear thing.... it started eight years ago.
Yeah like you and Trump
We shouldn't have to live in fear but now we know half the GOP is on Putin's payroll.
And the planet be damned too
Your hypocrisy knows no bounds. If you are for openness, what about including women and dems in healthcare discussions? #KeepObamaCare
I believe that all bills should be available to the public for review. Im running against Mitch McConnell in KY in 2020 Wanna help #CoxforKY
Exactly -- that's why we need to get rid of #Trump and #Pence and you and the entire #GOP.
Seriously.....
That's one of the reasons TRANSPARENCY is so important.  We need hearings and amendments for the health care bill.
Mister you cornered the market on "wrong".  Some of your party are the ones making America hate again.
I DIDN'T SEE REPUBLICANS OUT THERE SHOOTING PEOPLE PLAYING BASEBALL!!!!
What I saw that day was a mentally man and victims who didn't deserve to be shot at, not as republicans and democrats. Hope you did too.
I live in FEAR because we have RUSSIA in the House, Dictatorship, Evil leading us, Trying2 take away our freedom, I voted RGT ELECTION FIXED
Hiding behind the 1st while promoting unsubstantiated, non-data supported lies is cowardly.
Even more cowardly is sending a psycho to shoot up a ballgame!!!!!!!!
I live in fear that the GOP is choosing Party over the Constitution and protecting a POTUS who abuses his power
How dare u shove a healthcare bill through without proper representation, we will protest this time during the week
You'd prefer American don't live at all
The Left and Tolerance is laughable. It doesn't look good for Tolerance if the Leftists get to define it
Then prosecute those that have wielded power & done this!Stand up for those of us that put u-n office &have no power!Trump is why aren't you
Well Trump was certainly not the correct candidate..your President is bat shit crazy, delusional and just plain not liked!!
No. They should live in fear bc the wrong candidate they supported is slashing access to basic health care.
Again Aww u now have to get a job. Ur free train has departed.
Out of touch with the everyday men woman in this great country it has been great way before you or trump and your health care plan stinks
They shouldn't have to live in fear that easily treatable but life threatening preexisting condition will kill them because of you either.
Where is Senate's Health Care Bill& Tax Reform Bill?
You are despicable!!!!  How ANYONE could vote for a toad like you is beyond me.

Then why are you working so hard to punish people for voting Democrat? Why are you destroying the middle class? Why are you killing America?
You clearly have no respect for our great Constitution nor do you know what The Establishment Clause is.
And YOU DO!
Senator Palpatine....that's what you are.  All you are is greed and hate.  Sold out your Country for personal power.
I certainly agree, although you and your GOP buddies keep doing scary things
... ...
You don't want to be fearful because you supported tRump and the Conservative Caucus. But you should be fearful of 2018.
Or practice the "wrong" religion? Or are in love with the "wrong" sex? Christians do not hold the monopoly on values or ethics.
Sure seems like they do. Get on YouTube and watch a few videos! You will retract your statement very quickly. ;)
Wth?
Is this an admission that you are living in fear Turtleman?!?

Rick Perry (BA in Animal Sciences) is Secretary of Energy, not head of the EPA...
My mistake for not reading a meme in full but he would fuck up either unless cows worked for either the EPA or department of energy
I wasn't trying to be critical of you. 'Twas more of a dig at Perry.
i got it,its all good,I have a decent sense of humor and irony.
Why are you using faith as your ploy to steal from the Americans...? Faith of what? Faith to be able to suck many into your lies?

Are you talking to ALL Americans or just your donors ?   #FaithAndFreedom
Impeach him then! Remove sessions!
YOU ARE A LIAR AND THE FEAR COMES FROM GREEDY MONEY GRABBING SENATOR LIKE YOU. YOU AND RYAN ARE DISCUSSING HUMANS AND THINK MONEY FIRST.
We voted for the wrong candidate, the wrong majority leader
Maybe Mitch should spend more time worrying about the Russians hacking our gvt and less about destroying our health care.  Just saying
I live in fear that your healthcare bill will be financially devastating to my family-but who knows since you WON'T have a hearing!
You are a TRAITOR.
Tell me, should they fear $20 trillion in daily fiscal operating debt with $220 trillion in unfunded liabilities!? Apparently u guys don't!
Republicans who continue to help Trump obstruct justice should be afraid of history and Robert Mueller.
I am not living in fear. I am living in disgust.
Live in fear of getting sick. Go to emergency room and not pay bill? Or have Medicaid?  Know about proud working poor. You should too.

Do you mean people should not fear Trump? Hasn't he threatened others? Is what you mean?
Well bless your tiny little heart....Bigoted Tool.
We all live in fear since 45 was elected, and u are just using his incompetence to force through your agenda
We live in frustration of not having our voices heard by our elected officials.
its a good thing they did or you would be out of a job.
how are you doing
Americans shouldn't have to worry that their elected officials are going to take their health care away, sentencing them to death. #GoAway
You mean, as we do now because other people did and do (such as you and Mr. Trump)? Resign.
The American people shouldn't have to live w a congress full of egomaniacal dip wads who can't get anything done.
YOU and the rest of the @housegop And @realdonaldtrump #IllegitimateAdministration are about as corrupt as they come.
Please move to Russia, bc our country doesn't want you here anymore. U don't fight for the people, you fight for your crappy agenda.
Banning refugees is ok, misogyny is ok, racism is ok, lying os ok...everything that morally WRONG is ok with u and your pathetic party.
Great, obviously you can't think. Your "wrong" comment established a paradox. We should have freedom of and from all religions.
Americans also want hearings on the #GOP healthcare bill that currently has 17% public approval.
77% of voters want the Senate to hold hearings before voting on a new health care bill -- 66% of rank and file Republicans agree. 
Funny how the Americans who will be hurt the most by you and Trump are the Americans who voted for Trump. They should fear him, though.
I live in fear because of GOP. AHCA will be the death of me. Seriously.
Hypocrite. You & the GOP want to stifle free speech. Just ask the unfortunate person who laughed at your travesty of a hearing.
Mitch I would advice you to get your Healthcare Bill voted on or you are going to have some problems with elections!
I wonder if your constituents know you're trying to force AHCA passage in secret? What has to be forced and secret, isn't good for America
OH it always comes back to getting money back in your packet.
Pretty sure there are a whole *bunch of Americans who now think they voted wrongly.
So when are you gonna stop Trump?
Yet here we are. We are all fearful of what you are FORCING on us. Work fast, 2018 around the corner.
Holy shyte!
Then stop giving people a reason McConnell. The @GOP is devastating the poor/middle class...why?
Why are you denying debate and amendments on health care?  What are you hiding? @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain
Unless, of course, the "wrong" candidate (Trump) promotes a "wrong" cause (anything on his agenda). Then we ALL should be be VERY afraid.
Are you publicly stating this for yourself as being done in this obtuse way-sure seems like it....no Mitch you should fear your choice #2018
How about the Americans living in fear of losing healthcare? There must be hearings on the healthcare. #ShowUsTheBill
They already SHOWED YOU THE BILL.
You are the epitome of two-faced. Do you ever sit back and think about your actions? As long as the candidate and the cause are yours right.
Ah that would be @realDonaldTrump and YOU!
Who said it was the #wrong candidate ? I supported the only #ProAmericanCandidate ! Why don't you start supporting #OurPresident ? #Get2Work
Does that include American Muslim, or are you only referring to white supremacists?
You need to go
That is rich coming from you, Senator. You are ensuring we don't vote in your kind in 2018 & 2020. Recall SCOTUS nom? You dishonored an
insitution, casting aside convention at whim of @GOP - one of most disgraceful tactics ever. No process! Now it's the same w/ AHCA, w/
stakes life & death. When will hearings occur for AHCA? You are muzzling our elected officials & voters via closed-door deliberations. This
is UNDEMOCRATIC. This country has fought against other regimes that led in secretive fashion. The U.S. now has traits of these regimes bc of
leaders like you. If @GOP continues on this path, esp. fails to denounce/criticize @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump, U.S. future is hollow, bleak.
You will all be remembered for not only what you did to injure the Republic but also what you chose NOT to do for it & the American people.
I live in fear of trump. U republicans act like nothing is wrong. Profiting from ofc he and his family. He lies. Putin. Did u accept money?
You're right. We shouldn't have to live in fear of you and your party who are in lockstep with @POTUS
We do live in fear of the AHCA that u r sneakily trying to vote on my June 30. We want to see it. @NancyPelosi @senschumer HELP US pls
Exactly!! So get 45 out and carry on
continue support Ryancare & rollback of DoddFrank behind closed doors, expect Repub trouncing in 18. U R bad 4 country Senator
What does that mean ? JERK
I live in fear that my insurance will be gone in 2018. I know you are the "wrong" candidate because you choose money over American people.
True but now that he's in office they can't take their votes back. We're all stuck with the wrong president and he's threatening our future
We live fear everyday while this admin destroys America.
What is the old fart talking about this time?
Are you kidding? GOP can't even win an election without cheating ... and then act like you have a mandate
I live in fear of you,@SenateMajLdr McConnell,  Ryan, Trump and Pence
Kentucky! Kentucky! Kentucky! Jesus did not take 20 millions lives away! He healed. Talk about the health care.
They are busy worrying that you are going to take away their healthcare and potentially their lives. And the lives of their children.
@McConnellPress be a patriot and end this presidency.  This is our democracy.  Wake up and do what's right
America shouldn't have to live in fear because a treasonous psychopath is being enabled by a criminal GOP.

#TeamTreason
Upstanding civil servants like @SallyQYates & Comey shouldn't fear for their jobs telling the truth! She was right. He will be proven right.
Nor should fear that elections are tampered with by Russia or foreign adversaries. Why isn't this even a question POTUS is concerned with?
You mean Trump? I agree, no one should be scared because they voted Trump. We forgive! Including you !
We do.... thanks to your partisan one dimensional party!
I fear that fool in the WH and I fear you and your party. How 'bout them beans?
Funny you say that!?
"My hypocrisy knows no bounds" Comey motto.
You have no faith, Sir. Godless, greedy & going to jail!
Trying to fast track a health vote without hearings, CBO score, or citizen-stakeholder input? Are you out of your mind? #resisttrumpcare
You're the "wrong" candidate for sure. U need to move on & let someone that isn't so racist like U have your seat
So you're saying you voted Trump and are now afraid? Well..grow a spine and impeach him..don't turtles have backbones?
But yet here they all are wondering how to survive you and the other political pimps. Denying Americans basic rights makes YOU the terrorist
They should fear losing there healthcare because you sold out to the insurance industry lobby
Hey see, something we agree on. You shouldn't live in the terror brought on by Trump...you should do something about it.
You created this Sh*t Show...and you're questioning Americans feeling. Are you on Crack?
How about if they took money millions from Pro-Russian Ukrainian? And then ignore Russian interference in an election?
Neither should they fear bankruptcy from predatory lenders, or healthcare bills, or death from a polluted environment.
U mean because u took money from a Russian super fund?
Are you talking about @realDonaldTrump?You right the American People shouldn't have to live in fear bc the wrong candidate is in the WH
I never have but you seem to think your turtle self as right. You're nothing more than out of touch with real life and real struggles.
And yet, here we are. #LiveInFearEveryday #NeverTrump
We shouldn't have to live in fear of the Russian government colluding with the Trump campaign to take over an American election.
Nor should they fear dying because you SOB's took away their health insurance.  SHAMEFUL
Nor should they receive special privileges because they DID support/donate to the 'right' political party.
Then WHY IN THE HELL do live your life that way. Why BECAUSE some are democrats or different in other ways than you,,obstruction talk listen
They shouldn't have to live in fear of money grubbing politicians selling their healthcare to the highest donor either!
We live in fear everyday that you Trump Pence and Ryan are in power. Country over Party is a first step in alleviating our fears. #resist
Do your damage now, you will not be re-elected!!!
Yes...I've noticed that about you Republicans!!! Maybe you should try something different like doing for the people who hired you for once!!
You helped to instill all the fear and hate you miserable redmap cheat
American's shouldn't have to live in fear that their representatives will favor the rich over the rest of us.
#BananaRepublicans
#Resist
They don't, they live in fear of racists like you.
Why do you still talk.
This is open to interpretation
Or be fearful of a mentally instable POTUS do something GOP
Yeah, we shouldn't, but here we are. You should be ashamed of yourself. All the time. #resign
The fear is actually pretty appropriate given your cronies complete refusal to do anything that actually helps.
Finally something we can agree on! TRUMP IS BAD FOR THE COUNTRY! HES A CON-MAN, A TRAITOR, an embarrassment! #impeachtrumpnow
I live in fear every day since Trump was elected. I get no solace with you and @SpeakerRyan in leadership.
