Time to resign you fool
#recall #McConnell
Mitch McConnell & RINO's have been Preaching "Repeal & Replace" for 8 Years!

You can't get it done! Quit Hurting #POTUS #DitchMitch 
#GOPe #RINOs

#DitchMitch

#DrainTheSewer
#DrainTheSwamp
.@THEHermanCain: “The American people are sick and tired of excuses, and that’s all Senator McConnell and the other senators are offering.” 
Get to work...lazy ...no obamacare.
Now that you'r home STAY there! 7 yearsGood Grief! What a bunch of overpaid YoYo's You are the limp string.
This tax reform is bullshit! You, not We the people, are selling America for tax breaks? IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!!!!
Did he bring up our President's short comings again? He started the whole exchange btw them SHAME
please stand up for the republican party. how can u let nancy degrade all of us
 please stand up.
Get it done or we VOTE you out of office
Time to retire old man. Allow someone in who wants to do the people's work.
#McConnell #GOPe #RINO https://twitter.com/comermd/status/895650669264347136 …
Time to Replace him, past time really. He is part of the problem, never the solution 
If 7.5 yrs is too much to expect for Repeal/Replace, then the tax plan expectations should be in place around 2025, or us 8 years to quick?
I blame you and the rest of the establishment "repubs" for not having Trump's back!  You help the Dems and the Leftist Media bash him 24/7.
Better than Republican efforts to take healthcare away from millions or letting @potus start a nuclear war with North Korea that's for sure.
Wow! Obama screwed us all and I can't wait until no one has insurance! Who will you blame? When NK puts nuke in U.S thank Obama,Bush,Clinton
history will be written, time to choose.

MMC took pride N telling BO, he would do his job when he was OOF. Well, after 8yrs. He forgot   how to do his job. Failing to RNR OC. WGDI
You should be calling for Trumps resignation!!!!
You know you won't do crap! Just like appealing Obama Care! Anything that helps Trump keep his promises, you will squash. Citizens be damed!
Where are you on Charlottesville?Ur happy Hillary isn't Pres. Well congrats that you stand behind Trump/Bannon/Kellyanne/Sebastian.#shameful
This is so disappointing. We have waited decades 4 a guy like Pres Trump and you can't support him and actually do ur job. Shame on you.
Do something!!!! You are rich and powerful .. nothing else. You have no power to do anything. #powertodonothing
Only reason you didn't put it in the VA/bill is cause you don't want it passed.  Get with the people:  wall, taxes, and repel Obama Care!
Get with the people and repel obama care and Get Taxes Done!
MITCH WORK FASTER!
We have been voting Dems out to finally get something done in DC., but nothing. Are you afraid if things get done you'll lose ur cushy job?
High expections. You bet we had them.   Shame on you. You need to go. Drain the RINO swamp too

Ouch. This is a good point. McConnell was skeptical of underlying Intel and opposed allowing the feds to help protect state election systems https://twitter.com/davidfrum/status/895970260804710400 …
I don't support your republican agenda, but I don't like the disrespect you are getting from the POTUS.  He's got a role in this too!
REPEAL Obama care insur premiums n deductibles killing  us.  You need to pay too.
Elected Trump to get Senate to do things differently.  REPEAL Obamacare insurance premiums n deductibles killing us.  U need to pay like us.
Tax reform?? You can't even repeal Obamacare. SWAMPMASTER McConnell
When are you going to do something about the unhinged maniac that's going to get into a nuclear war??!! Get him out office NOW.
TIME TO QUIT MITCH! You lied to us too many times and now we find out you're in bed with big Obamacare Insurance.
Your sending Millions or whatever to AL to get a Conservative to lose We are sendin g $ to help the  Conservative win!  Shame on U your not
Boo Hiss LIAR in chief 7 years of BS from So called Repeublicans NO MORE were done with all of U. damn enough is Enough GET out your not
Isn't it sad the FAKE president has thrown you under the bus ? How does it make you feel? 
America is fed up with FAKE 45
Why are you on tour? Get back to work and do your job. American families are without health care. #DumpMitch.
Slow down, with your work ethic and schedule, you think this will be done in their life times?
Mitch you need to get back to Washington and do what you promised you would do if elected. Stop blaming Trump for your incompetency.
Please help getting this Madman out of office! Please Mitch, he is insane!
Tell the Senate leader he does not have leg to stand on in face of Prez's criticism. Deserved. Get to work -- off-road GO.
Why don't you pass a good #HealthCareBill. You only had 7 1/2 years...lol!!
Preaching to the choir. Try talking to the people that you want to have their health insurance cancelled. You're a coward.
45 turns on you in less than a heartbeat. When he does, so does his base, as you can see from the replies, here, supporting 45's criticism.
Do you think you deserve public Tweet-Thwackings 45 Tweets about you? You could do something about it, unless you plan to obey him & resign.

CONGRESS isn't polling TOO WELL ESP Mitch
Tillis (R) 29%
Pelosi (D) 27%
Schumer (D) 26%…
Stop ur prez from destroying Earth. No more war.
"Excessive Expectation". How insensitive you all have become in DC.  Sounds like your out of touched with the American people.
You can't do tax reform properly without repealing Obamacare first and using that money saved. Sick of your lies Mitch.
Where' the bill I want to sign it. Not Where's the bill I want to read it. 
Came from the boob your man supported for president. Idiots
Stop working for k street and represent the people
Will the GOP ever grow balls and throw this man baby out? What the hell ru waiting for Mitchie?
#GETBACK TO WORK
HA! Trump suggested "repeal & replace" Mitch McConnell (a loser) at our local rally!! SAD!
How's that "punch the Tea Party in the nose" threat coming along?
I see you are Trumps latest whipping boy.  Time to stand up to him Mitch.  Don't let him bully you the way he does.
You should step down because you are handcuffing this administration and ignoring the will of The People and The Constitution.
Trump says McConnell is dead in the water 
You totally, unequivocally, absolutely, positively suck.....get the hell out of D.C...incompetent, lazy, useless, paid off by someone....
Ya, McConnel obstructionist. Whine because we expect him to deliver more than BS and obstruction. McConnell should quit.
Looks like a turtle, moves like a turtle, and hides in his shell when the Democrats make him squirm
McConnell needs to get his sorry ass on board and help Trump or his career will be toast
The Blue Dawg in Sheep's clothing: was
Very Sad
Mitch will be OUT soon. A swamp monster who lies like a rug. POTUS is in b/c  of folks like you who should've had the bill on the desk day 1
What about Obama Care- guess he didn't talk about that!!
Just leave
 Trump thinks you suck and God I hope he fires you before he is #LockedUp
FACT: You are not working hard enough to screw poor & middle class.
FACT:
Want to do something about it, well here's how, just sign the letter:

https://www.senateconservatives.com/post/3599 
You enjoying yourself?  That's great.  You allowed this national nightmare to take place.  History will remember you unkindly.
Retire
GET RID OF THIS DISASTEROUS PRESIDENCY!!!!!! U KNOW IT NEEDS TO BE DONE!!!!!!
We will not forget your treachery... FILTH!
Sad 2 see your President throw everyone under the bus. It's part of his narcissistic personality. He's destroying r country & ur party. Sad
Telling them how little he has accomplished.
Get out of the way McConnell!   Boone Co has had enough!
I think all of Kentucky has had enough. I'm running against Mitch in 2020. Follow & retweet. Donate at facebook link on my profile #CoxforKY
I'm sad I wasn't invited. I thought we had a good relationship. We talk on the phone every other week.
Ditch Mitch!!
Stop excuses. Get what we voted for done or resign!
LISTEN UP #GOPe #RINOs
RT if you agree We the People 
Have high EXPECTATIONS for Congress to do their job! 

#DitchMitch @POTUS 
…
Daaa Mitch is a Senator Not a Congressman.... but yes aside from defending his BIG DONORS, he does little else...
Trump is more like a mob boss than a president! Time for GOP to grow a pair and IMPEACH him!  Incompetence is all reason you need!
If you don't stand up to Trump and start calling for what it is, he'll destroy democracy.  His alt right nationalist base are blaming you!
The only people destroying democracy are congress not respecting the voters who want Trumps agenda

Trump is a dangerous idiot! Now it's time to get rid of the illegitimate,idiotic, mad man that's in our WH!
Must have been a short talk.
Effort but how about delivery?
Nothing on healthcare??
LMAO
Did you make anymore excuses or blame Our POTUS for your failure on HC?
#Louisville is charming city, a great place from which to tell #POTUS to kiss your mint #julep, on behalf of all Kentuckians.
STOP putting Mitch "I have more special interest money than anyone" McConnell in the Senate.
Our votes must teeter until 2020. Please stay calm! Remember, Mitch looks "over the hill," but can induce deep sleep with only a few words.
Time 4 this old man to put out to pasture!!!! ...2 old...2 slow....always on vacation.....
You are joke, Mitch. Resign already.
I don't give a damn how mow tax breaks the "rich" get. I have yet to meet one poor person that has created a job or hired someone for a job.
Good on you, Mitch.  Good on you.  #trollingtRump


Mitch less show and more go ...please!!!
When will it get passed. When will Senate address American healthcare concerns and repeal Obamacare?
Mitch McConnell, bases loaded, two outs and he strikes out. Maybe time to hang it up and join Boehner.
Mitch get back to work and do your job. Repeal and replace ocare.  We are tired of hearing we don't understand how long it takes
#DrainTheSwamp
Sorry man not a fan much anymore...Let us poor folk down...
SENATOR MITCH MCCONNELL IS DOING A WONDERFUL JOB! AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT BI PARTISAN TO FIX OBAMACARE!! FIX FIX FIX NOT REPEAL BI PARTISAN FIX
Am certain he will screw that up 2.Had 7 yrs 2 draft health replace bill.Plenty of time 4 "excessive xpectations."  Do ur job on both bills!


That's all you know how to do is talk, time for talk is over, we are looking for actions and results #DitchMitch
Hopefully you can do better on taxes as team then on Repealing ObamaCare  Get back to work!
Sadly McConnell is becoming a ball and chain on the Trump for America initiatives. He's rusting in the swamp he apparently helped build!
"I have SUCESSFULLY led the least productive congress in HISTORY!!" Mitch
So true... it is TOO hard to get senators to work... I'm all for replacing all of them ... term-limits sounds really good
Did he explain how tax breaks are going to the rich AGAIN and how middle class is going to get screwed AGAIN. bet he left that out.
Did he explain how GOP wants to cut Medicare and social security? Bet he left that out too.
When you say cut, you actually and factually mean reduce the rate of expected increases in future years, not actually reducing from now?
