
Plz RT this so all those dumbass Republicans know Dems have NO intention of working w/them! https://twitter.com/sengillibrand/status/912837218208755712 …
You failed again
You're a poor excuse for a human!
BTW Mitch, now that Facebook just PROVED Russia wanted Trump to win, just wondering if you are ever going to stop kissing his ass...
You know, treat Don like you did Obama....
Alabama is just the beginning
All or nothing with a date n the future for sunset. Make it happen &some of you might survive otherwise swamp draining n 2018, 2020, etc.
Talk is cheap. Just Do it!
Then why the heck didn't you make it happen? You know, as do we, that you have no intention of doing anything we ( Trump) wants!! Resign!!!
We told you what we want.  A date set for repeal that requires y'all to come up with an alternative.  Anything less is a waste of time.
Step aside, you failed to deliver
Yep, you need to resign for not replacing the ACA! YOU LIED TO US!
only a pussy would point the finder. How about owning the fact your party hates people and move on
Alabama flipped you off last night......we thank them
Yes and you were unable to find one.
Yes we do! Repair Obamacare!
Forward? Your Party is upside down. Good Luck going in any direction but down.
JUST #Repeal
We do, resign
Make it better not worse.   How ignorant can you be?
That is why you need to go away with your pal Hillary.
If you feel that way then why are we still dealing w/the failed Obamacare? And why can't I buy affordable insurance now? Quit talking and DO
Why don't you get the GOP on the floor talking a bout the new repel on Obama care. We in Texas dose not quite on any thing.
You're a failure! LMAO 
We DO deserve a better way. Why don’t you guys get on that instead of the crap you’ve been pushing? Maybe even (gasp) #bipartisanship?
It gives me double the pleasure you got in blocking PRESIDENT OBAMA at every step , seeing your face after you get blocked at everything...
McConnell the Muppet. You're a loser in the game of life. Quit with that sliver of dignity you have left.
What's your next achievement going to be, raising our taxes some more?
SO YOU DECIDED TO TAKE A KNEE FOR ALL OF AMERICA WHO BACKED YOU IN THE LAST ELECTION.  Gee, thanks.
Clock is ticking Mitch. By Sunday morning if Obamacare is not repealed then we need to have your resignation for being incompetent and liar.
Single Payer
You're 100% right we deserve a better way forward. I think you should take the lead and resign.
We DO!
And ALL 3 of YOUR BILLS
SUCKED.
Maybe YOU should STOP catering to your Insurance Company CEO DONORS.
Translation: Priority to satisfy lobbyist, lrg corps (Mercer, etc & Insurance Companies) by passing a  low standard healthcare initiative.
Then do bipartisan sustainable truly good health care plan!!!!
Yeah not ur style of government
When will you open an investigation into Trump white house staff for using private email?
Every time we hear of a new GOP repeal and replace bill, the country does this:
You are a traitor to this country with this constant dog whistle of repeal and replace and offering nothing better
Agreed, Medicare for all.  This includes government officials.
try fixing instead of the mean spirited way your doing now
Quit with the excuses to cover your ass! They no longer work! Tired of seeing can kicked down the road. We need to elect working leaders!#
Then retire.
If you can't make a deal then I don't believe you want to. It's about power and the establishment.
Then make a deal with Cruz and Paul. Make it happen!! This is not right
No shit!
And #GrahamCassidyBill isnt it. Now work with the Dems and improve #Obamacare . Hey @SenateMajLdr come back to Louisville and do a townhall
The American people deserve honest, competent members of the Senate. Instead we have you and your self-serving cronies. 
#2018 #DitchMitch
If Rs hadn't sabotaged it & turned it into single payer/universal, Rs would have been heroes. Instead Rs threw together a deathbill to /1
harm women, children, elderly, disabled, poor & vets while giving $$$ to the rich. /end
RESIGN NOW!!!
Talk to @SenAlexander @PattyMurray @SenBillNelson @SenatorCollins about their solutions, perhaps?
yes we do!, its called National Health Care!
OCare was never nothing but intentional affliction perpetrated on the American people. McCain +3 swore 2 repeal it. They lied. #2018
Listen to his Language
True; however, your current efforts have only sought to harm individuals and not improve upon ACA.  Work across the aisle. #NONPARTISANSHIP
The American people deserve better representation. Please resign
Ok, then suggest an actual better way rather then trying to ram through a worse way.
Are President is a Nazi
You are right about that - FIX ACA or Single Payer!
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
