Your lack of support for the health organization that saved you pretty much states the obvious- no concern at all.
Americans deserve better representation than you. Looser
They deserve the best care.  That's why your plan sucks.
#DeathPanel Chairman of the first American Death Panel. Congratulations Senator! You are now comparable to such heroes as Hitler and Saddam!
How DARE you say this after the way u treated the protesters in wheelchairs at ur office.
Like you got as a child ?
Yes we do, but the Senate bill does not accomplish that at all. If I still lived in KY you would not get my vote.
Your not American, your agenda is self-serving.
What you are doing to the neediest among us is disgusting.  All for a few wealthy to get a tax break.  #Wealthcare
We deserve better representation. You haven't represented the people for years and it's time to say goodbye. Caused more harm than good.
Which senators voted to repeal for eight years and now are not standing up to repeal
Then do a comprehensive bipartisan health care plan not the death march you did behind close doors
LIAR!
You are driving the #GOP off the cliff.  You need to be #votedout.
Don't you mean "rich Americans"! Assholes!!!!
Then why have you been defunding and dismantling #Obamacare for 7 years? To hurt working families. You made it worse! Fix & Save the #ACA!

If you want to fix healthcare… remove ALL exemptions. It will get fixed quickly!
Is that why you have people in wheelchairs arrested?
I voted for Trump, and not your Party! I am in favor of term limits for ALL politicians and accountability to your country. Stop the crap!
Do you think Trump will be able to get to and pass term limits?
So glad to find out 3 hours ago McConnell under investigation for campaign fund fraud, and Russia/China ties.  WHOOPPEEE  HANG HIM>
I hope that news is true.
YES! Americans deserve better than what the Republicans have in store for us. We want what you guys have for health insurance.
You're s despicable man
But NOT Obama Light which the Senate Bill is.  So sad!
People approaching the end of their lives need to show up at his office to die. Turn it into the death camp they claimed Obama was forming
Not Obama Light
ALL Americans deserve better care.  You probably wouldn't be able to walk, were it not for a robust public healthcare system.  Reconsider.
you're killing them
Americans deserve better SENATORS. #SaveObamacare

what would have happened if u didn't have the government help when you had polio?  Think about that when you want to take away medicaid

CHILD KILLER GRANDMA MURDERER May the wrath of GOD be swift to you evil Christian
Americans deserve better leadership. Resign.
We do, Mitch. Better than you and your machinations.
Of course you mean for you and the upperclass!  You should take advantage and get your waddle tucked while you can!!!
Thank u Sen. McConnell for your hard work getting new healthcare package together. May more revision be done to get everyone on board.
Answer for this.
Protester ripped from her wheelchair and carried off

#NoCutsNoCaps #StopTrumpcare 
You, Pelosi and all other career politicians need to be removed from office! The childish bickering doesn't help the people of this country!
I haven't seen where the Republican bill will do any better, but then we haven't been able to see it yet! I truly hope that you get that!
We absolutely do deserve better care, so go back to your secret room & try to actually come up with something that benefits the PEOPLE. :-(
Does this American deserves better? Carried out of your office.
Medicaid is important to disabled people. We raise our voice and get answered with handcuffs #ADAPTandRESIST 

Your giving affordable health care to the wealthy  great package there numb nuts.
"Just not from us"
Americans deserve better than Turtle McConnell having peaceful protestors manhandled.  Seantor McConnell, you're a vile human being/turtle
yes they do! Having disable people ripped out of wheel chairs & arrested is disgraceful.#SHAMEonMcConnell #nocutstomedicaid
then give it to them instead of tax breaks for the rich. You seem to care more about the rich than people who need help from Medicaid
We are coming for your job Mitch.
Americans need deliberation by our elected officials, not special interests drafting legislation. Go back to Russia, you immoral hack.
Do you read what you are writing? Everything that you do is for rich americans. What Americans deserve is term limits.
What a load of bollocks! You will kill people with this bill and you know it!
America doesn't need sunken toothless old goats like you and McCann making policies that benefits the riches only.Wife's got her job,right?
Americans deserve better than the treatment they got outside McConnell's office today #Shameful
Yes we do and your one of our biggest shames, someone needs to wipe that wrinkled smirk off of your face do us a favor an gettttt
There will be NO nursing homes left, asst. living will be rich only! Even if sold PD off family home wouldn't cover medical care for long
Can we have yours. I'll trade.
Liar. You are utterly failing the American people.
if you have parents with health issues have home care or in nursing facility you have no choice but live w/you have stay home no work!
Yes. But you, sir, are incapable of improving upon ACA. In fact, your efforts are deplorable. #ACA #2018Vote against all Republicans.
YES WE DO BUT YOUR SECRET PLAN IS DISASTEROUS AND WILL BE THE DEATH OF MANY! HOW DO U LIVE WITH THAT???
All lies-no open discussion, no invites to GOP or Dem Senators. Your bill, your cuts to the rich, your disgust 4 Am poor--YOUR DEMISE
We deserve a better leader who cares for the poor and the people that NEED health care the most. A leader that isn't coldhearted like you. 
Shame on you. You make me ashamed to be from the Blue Grass State.
This healthcare bill is despicable. How about our congress gets the same healthcare as the people and we'll see true reform?
@POTUS 
*WE WON'T TOLERATE THIS*
Our own leaders stealing our money AND killing us off?   
We're in the MILLIONS & we will stop this.
Did they clean up all the blood where the sick people were DRAGGED from outside your door, satanic monster
Americans deserve better than you!
You should be ashamed for the "secret" bill that you brought forth. You help the rich and hurt everyone else.
i agree , lets give them singl coveragepaid for by taxing the hell out of the rich.. maybe like 1trillion .
We deserve better care, but that's not what you're doing. You're condemning people to death or medical bankruptcy. Give us what YOU get!!
Then WHY aren't YOU giving us better care?  Give us the SAME plan YOU are getting.
You mean " the rich deserved better tax breaks". While the people who make u rich die.  You should get on your own healthcare plan
And they aren't going to get anything like "better care" under the GOP and McConnell and Ryan.
Shameful McConnell what you just did to disabled Americans,  both with your bill and at your senate office. Shameful!!!
I just LOVE how they say the Dems hurt us with Obamacare.....reality is GOP was determined to make it fail and it did.  Hateful bastards....
CrookedMcConnell secret healthbill now out, destroys health 4 mil Ams esp those in need. KY should be ashamed; UR open lies R despicable
Once again Republicans putting PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY!!  Shame on you!
Just heard your speech...RIDICULOUS! Ur bill is worse than Obamacare & will HURT alot of ppl. Plz do us a favor & go jump off a tall cliff!
Shame on you for kicking disability people and in wheelchairs out of your hallways! You are such a big chicken!  Inhumane and not American.
Why are you & @SpeakerRyan & @POTUS & every republican  in such a rush to starve & murder children ?
Americans Deserve The Same Care You Have. I guess you'd consider yourself a more deserving american than the rest of us.
noooooooooo.. hes conciders himself a russain olegart
Let's be certain the protesters outside your office are not receiving unemployment benefits from us taxpayers. Check all demonstrators
Yes we do! And it's not the shameful healthcare bill that the GOP is offering.
How exactly does sunsetting the essential bennefits requirement accomplish that?
They used to call deplorables like you snake oil salesmen.  You win the  deplorable title of all time - Bullsh1t salesman extraordinaire.
We deserve better politicians, ones that care about the country and not just their pocketbooks.  We will fight every move you make! RESIST
AMEN! We must insist on term limits for ALL politicians and accountability to the American public that they serve. #TERMLIMITSFORALL
Agreed, that shit is terrible. Don't do it again. #HandsOffHealthcare #DeceitfulGOPTaxCut
Unfortunately, the AHCA does the exact opposite!
WE DESERVE A BETTER SENATE
We do indeed, and the folks elected into those offices MUST accept term limits, and no lifetime paydays afterward!
So maybe don't reduce #Medicaid and leave poor people alone.
