The Dream Act has been under debate in Congress for more than a decade. @GOP blocked in each instance. Isn't that the fundamental mistake?
Stop playing childish games with real peoples lives. Children are a gift from God.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DREAM_Act 
Stop playing games with people's healthcare. Support the #ACA until a new solution is found.
Don't play reverse Robin Hood games with taxes.
Reign in your president while he toys with a nuclear war.in Korea on twitter.
Take seriously the need to protect the integrity of our elections.
Take seriously the need for leadership and funds for FEMA as another devistating hurricane approaches our country and fires ravage the west.
...bacteria floating in the flood water. infecting all who responded to evacuate people. Why did the Gov, not order evacuation first???
Texas must rebuild on decades old infrastructure regulations. What joy for Texans eh? now you have E coli, chemical toxins, and other ....
i get your back yes
this funding smells of corruption. let insurance companies pay this bill  feds are not liable here at all.
now we have two problems. feds dont have the money to prevent a shutdown, how is it going to fund hurricane relief?
DACA is a bigger problem- FIX IT NOW- your ass is on the line -
get to work and get   something done Mitch. lead follow or get out of the way. step up or step down & get a real job.
Better get ready for Irma!
Shut down all Visa programs. Give illgeals PASSPORT to citzenship, without gov ASSISTANCE. They must not have a felony. BUILD THE DAM WALL!
Here you are with a Pres. who destroyed EPA, and reversed Obama regulations designed to protect infrastructure from floods, as a result,...
If you revive DACA and not help Americans & Repeal & replace Obamacare, GOP will commit political suicide. Support our President!!
McConnell talking again. Let's see delivery
Congress unable to enact much needed immigration reform. Start with enshrining DACA into law! Imagine headline as 800000 children deported.
Fix DACA now- if anyone gets kicked out- your ass is grass

Your move, Congress. #DACA 
Please act quickly to protect DACA.  Harvey funding& DACA should be priority on your agenda items. 2 DACA recipients died responding 2Harvey
get it done or Trump be spanking you
Why is it that Congress can act quickly on disaster relief and a no call list but can't fix Obamacare AFTER 8 YEARS OF COMPLAINING ABOUT IT
TAKES FKG CRISIS JST AS DEMS/RINOS LIKE 2INCREASE BIG GOVT!Y CAN'T U LIVE UP2 PROMISES WHN @POTUS GV YR UGLY WIFE JOB?WHR IS ELECT GRID FIX?
Oh...so your finally back from your vacations? Rested? How about you and your colleagues support our @POTUS? DO YOUR JOB!!

You of course are entitled to your own opinion but I have to ask how and why you came to this conclusion? Where is your supporting evidence?
Grand Juries are only convened when there is evidence :
That's great Mitch, but we want you to get behind @realDonaldTrump agenda. Obamacare repeal, tax cuts, border security. No more games!!!
And Mitch, what about @potus appointments..great if Congress actually worked..
You need to formally apologize to all REGISTERED OFFICIAL NATIVE AMERICANS such as myself for lying on job applications about your heritage!
I am agreeing with you Sen. McConnell. If Congress only acted together more often our country would continue to improve.
McConnell, you are making a grave mistake.  #2018
Do it right, Mitch . . . NO PORK - it's all about Houston - not Alaska fisheries, GITMO or Homeland Security vehicles ala "Sandy Relief"
Act "quickly".  That's a joke.  You guys don't do anything quickly.  You actually are an embarrassment to the American people.
McConnell better get it done or Trump will be spanking him  again
Listen to WE THE PEOPLE, not your donors you DOLT.
Mcconnell. You are a fake republican. You and your people need to go!!!!

That's the problem you're all a bunch of actors getting paid too much $ to sit around tweeting instead of actually doing something. Pathetic
blah blah blah blah
200 bills are sitting on the desk of Mitch, sent over from the house..... or should we just call McConnell the new Harry Reid?
The citizens are exhausted & depressed, nervous & embarrassed.The Republicans don't care , they expect their gerrymandering will save them.
Hey Mitch, you fraud...act quickly, my ass...the last time you acted quickly was when you didnt realize you sh*t your pants. Repeal/Replace!
Mitch, it must be included in the dent ceiling! Do your job for once you useless has-been!!!
you planning on sanctioning McCain for his recent behavior on foreign soil? or are you part of the DC corruption? (evidently rhetorical)
You're worthless #McConnell... Cried for 8 years if you had majority things would get done and nothing has got done with ur #Leadership
When is the Senate passing #DACA? Tens of thousand affected in Houston.
Protect us from the lying President! The Bully. The #Unfit2Rule Protect us from him. He never stops lying. Never. and sends others to lie
Stand ready to immediately reverse Trump's plan to end DACA.  Cruel plan. One DACA flood volunteer already died helping others.
You haven't acted quickly on anything !!
Get your asses back to work and get something done .  This is bs so far!!
You're an immoral liar supporting the racist and traitor @realDonaldTrump. Together you're destroying American.  Disgraceful #GOPLiesMatter
I hope this is true. I believe Congress should have came back early
So far all you have done is lie to us republicans and collect paychecks!
We want a republican leader that's a real republican and gets results
Where's our repeal of Obamacare?????????????????????
You are a non leader to the http://Americans.you  don't deserve that title,and god willing will be stripped of your duty's ,and forced out
He will stall it out.  Nothing in it for him.
Thank you #POTUS45
SANCTION DEMENTIA RIDDEN JOHN MCCAIN UNTIL HE EITHER DIES OR RETIRES, WHICHEVER OCCURS FIRST!
I bet you voted against assistance for New Jersey but we are up on this, aren't we. You are such a hypocrite!
We see your best good friend has been ordered by Russia to stick it to the #dreamers https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/904519350345805825 …
Too bad the senate could not act at all on Obamacare that impacted the entire nation.
Bare witness, to truth revealed. Mankind, will never forget who you are.
Hypocrite...God forgives the misguided. Yet, fools guided are unforgivable. This act will never change the true spirit you are and have been
When r u going to start supporting president
You're a Do Nothing. Time to step away and let REAL Conservatives lead!
@SenJohnMcCain must be censored for treason against POTUS on foreign soil
Treason on foreign soil? Hasn't he already been pardoned for that once?#MAGA #draintheswap #ARIZONA no more #RINO like disgrace John McCain
Oh yea
Stand up and show you have a backbone!! You have shown you are not a true patriot. Wouldn't even talk with Obama and now with Trump u look
Small.. you wanted the power.. but at what expense?
As you have stated" first we get the power" now that you have it you are clearly showing you don't know what to do with it! Country over
Party!
When are you going to come out of hiding and address America's #1 problem? .@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan #impeachtrump
You mean like you stood READY to Repeal/Replace Obama care? Ocare is Hurricane Harvey to ALL Americans. Yet you lied & waffled.
Best thing you could do is get this Pres out.
You have lost all support & credibility with the nation. #ResignMitch
No war with North Korea ($28 billion GDP!) or Iran ($1.5 trillion) vs US $18.5 trillion. There are options. Consequences are unpredictable.




@SpeakerRyan @gop
Trump is a political wrecking ball.
Things need to change but indiscriminate greed is one of the worst reasons.
#Stophim
You do a lot of standing around, doing nothing, except blocking of course. McFuckface

Whoever is carless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Pass a clean bill to help!
How about you act quickly #ImpeachTrump
That's wonderful Mitch. As a fellow Republican leader in TX, why has the GOP given themselves a black eye on health care? We're out of time!
What about acting quickly on the presidents initiatives? Get off the seat and do something
.Are you getting the funds from your pals in Russia?
You need to do something positive for the US you serve and turn your back on those that lobby you and get back to being a good Senator.
Only time will tell. Better pray it comes quickly
Because they don't live in New Jersey?
Hey Leaderless Turkey Head,  You are useless as a politician and as a human being - good luck in the "afterlife"!
You all should  and not leet it be like sandy because there was not pork so I hope everyone votes yes with no strings
While ur at it pass health care and tax reform all talk no leadership
Oppose the removal of EIS reviews - @SecElaineChao was smiling as @potus said unfettered development in flood plains was #MAGA. Sad, Mitch!
are you ready for $ 200B +....that is going to be total cost.....flood insurance reform desperately needed
Let's hope yo do better with this than you did repeal, replace and supporting our president

No more the 8 billion

Instead of giving 60 percent of new tax cuts to the richest Americans, we should expand the EITC to make up for decades of wage stagnation. 
Act quickly on Repeal/Replace and Tax Reform! That's what the majority of Americans want from their representatives! #HurricaneHarveyRelief
CUT TAXES!
Does that include Hurricane Sandy to finish the job in NJ and NY? @tedcruz @GOP @CNN @FoxNews @foxandfriends
USAPoll: 79% of #USCitizens don't want #IllegalImmigrants #DACA to receive #Harvey #FEMA Money. @GOP #MAGA #Trump #TrumpTrain #DeportDACA
When going to support citizens with wall, tax relief and healthcare at less taxes then currently charge?
In the wake of Hurricane Katrina, more than 150 countries offered volunteers, supplies &cash to U.S. Nada now..thanks to Trump!
Good!  So... get out your Congressional check book and prepare to say goodbye to additional corporate welfare!
30 Senate Republicans defending Democratic Obstruction
And then ACT QUICKLY to get TAX REFORM passed which will help Texas & the rest of us FORGET TAKING BREAKS WORK THRU SEPTEMBER & GET IT DONE
All u can say is remember hurricane Sandy. We remember how you voted
Be careful you don't cut into funds needed to defeat Conservatives McConnell. We're on to your dirty tricks and don't appreciate a bit.
I sure hope so
So now you care? But everyone can go f off for healthcare
Oh gee, thanks for doing what's right. Never mind the millions that you wanted to harm by trying to take away their healthcare. GOP=HARVEY
Listen to the president on every issue.
Just like the health bill, tax bill!  Why would anyone believe you?
It would have been impressive if Mitch and Paul Ryan got off that plan with you Mr. POTUS!
Not one single cent of taxpayer money for this stupid wall!! Not one cent.
Give us your healthcare. Term limits. Ditch Mitch.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @NPR
No one believes a word you say. You are a proved coward and liar and an obstructionist. Time to go traitor!
Change screen name, you are NOT a leader, just obstructor. Step down is overdue.
Oh but your leaders wall?!? Hahahha #ImpeachTrumpNow  your party will never survive as you continue  to coddle this mad man.
Actions speak louder than words.
U speak, but this is all our country hears... and it ain't eggs!
You haven't done anything else quickly but criticize Trump. Retire already!
Why did republicans oppose funding for other hurricane damage??
This doesn't jive with you care for the people who are depending on you to support our President
Straight up funding bill for Harvey. Don't add other legislation.  You decided to take a month off!!
You speak up #fortheobvious where is your voice for the less obvious but as needy- elderly, homeless children, the addicted, immigrants
Zero pork! Voters are watching.
Use the money from that damn wall that NOBODY wants by the upper GOP and 12% of your cult. Stop the madness!

That's Ryan, McConnell, Rubio, and Walker. All of them got Russian $$$. No wonder they are so quiet.
https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns … 
Keep your feckin' pork OUT of this bill!  We don't need to fund AL fisheries or resupply DC motor pools from this.
Well I hope you can do that without a bunch of pork attitude!!!!!!!!
Well I hope you can do that without a bunch earmarks
The Obama care bill? you're a joke sir!
And how much did you donate personally. Rhino!
Will they be providing this aid before or after ripping HC from millions of Americans so the wealthy can get another tax cut?
@FoxNews and 62.5 million people forced on to national healthcare and still there because of one old fool,@SenJohnMcCain
It sucks being an American and counting on you being a disaster victim and counting on you would super suck
Ditch Mitch!
Of course this will be after #GOP defunds Medicaid, ACA, food stamps....


Never forgetting your healthcare horror McConnell!
@FoxNews @OANN @GOPSenate @GOPHouse @SenateDems @SenateGOP it's called work. You have lots of it, I'll send a list
Do not add all the pork in this just straight help no park

Sure....hope you're more successful at that than you were with healthcare
All of the political rhetoric is ridiculous each and every politician needs to remember your ther because "We the People " put you there!
Good. Now accept responsibility for the Massive Suffering caused by ACA minimal care for spiking premiums and inconceivable Deductibles.

r u ready to fix Obama care and DACA and immigration and re-do onerous Taxes on working Americans?  Not so much.  U R fired.
Guess Big Govt sometimes useful.  Regs might've prevented Arkema fire.  Pls learn from this + start protecting environment.  Less $ ovr time
Senate acting quickly... funny, especially when you have done nothing all year. Your 8% approval rating reflects your hypocrisy
the potus is donkey kicking you and your members around. I hope the dems take back the house in 2018!
U need 2 work 4 the people not the special interests & deepening the swamp!  Get a grip or look for a new job as your ass will be voted out!
Thank goodness! Just like everyone did for Hurricane Sandy. Oh wait didn't Republicans voted against helping NJ. 
Good
We the People expect this funding: 1) to be approved w/o discussion, 2) NOTHING be  "TAGGED ON" and 3) there will be no delay in the funds
being dispersed. But just in case, everyone who read this om the phone Tuesday Morning calling your Senator and you Congressional Rep!
I've heard comments like that before, nothing yet, still waiting. I know, y'all need a deadline like Sep 2018 before elections
Wow Mitch reading the comments in this thread tells me you have a bunch of repuglicans that are really pissed at you. Sad. What's a  to do.
What about important and much needed Ins. relief? Tax relief? I can't wait until you're gone! Why should Texans believe you?
Just make sure no STUPID WASTEFUL WALL MONEY is included.
But Congress doesn't stand ready to help Americans with Healthcare or any other Trump campaign promise!!!!
Big BS the Senate only stands ready to betray US citizens & show disdain for our constitutional laws, you are all incompetent , deceitful!
