What about PR? They need help. Too many still do have clean water or electricity!!! Our Gov is forgetting all about the PR Americans!
Merrick Garland would have made an excellent Supreme Court Justice, but you played partisan politics with the Constitution. You’re evil.
Awesome!! Productive means you are getting the $32 million back you spent to slander judge Moore!!
What does she think about sexual assault? Condone or Condemn?
Hopefully not a 'leader' like you, right Turtle?
DO SOMETHING!
Please scrutinize her resume better. Weakness during Katrina, you see Mitch you never see the details, you are not a forward thinker.
CONFIRM her.DON'T let Dems hold this up!Also GET JUDICIAL appointments DONE.It's time to to the right thing for Americans.Truth n judiciary
Are u smart? I wonder how long more would it take you to understand you need to retire from politics now
I hope she can tolerate @realDonaldTrump
@kirstjennielsen No more visa deals
 Another incompetent person for the swamp.
Totally incompetent and made a mess of Katrina response! !!!#stinkypile
As good a conversation as John McCain had with Sarah Palin when he vetted her? One discussion is not enough. #MAGA #Trumptrain #resist #MSM
Then she must be awful.
You are not and nothing you say or do is reputable
Boot award
Did she kiss the establishment ring?
im from philippines
hello sir
as long as there are no emergencies in the homeland... #Annoyed
Did you ask her about her Katrina response?
No, she won't. She's as corrupt as the rest of you.
Uh, US don’t believe you.
Mitch I think its time to change the voting rules in the senate so we can get the agenda passed. please read this
Fail up, it’s the republican way.
Whip dee friggan doo
OMG- are u really that conceded that one of @realDonaldTrump ‘s nominees has to meet ur seal of approval?
Clearly, since she rocked Katrina!
This is not good for @realDonaldTrump . If you like her she is either bought & paid for or a D
Except when the American people need her!!
Awesome!! Productive means you got around to typing your resignation letter!!
NO RESPECT BECAUSE U PUT PARTY OVER COUNTRY!!!!!!
Like she was for Katrina?
If that is the case, then I am certain she must be a scumbag just like you!
So, in other words, Kirstjen Nielson is yet ANOTHER right-wing, neo-nazi Republican, just like yourself??
If you think she'll be great then she'll be horrible. Crooked and a liar.
She was part of the Hurricane Katrina screw up. I’m not sure she capable.
Yes because she was awesome in Katrina!
What was discussed? How to pull newborns out of hospital rooms to check their immigration status?
"I could not stop staring at her lady parts.   Thank you Mr.  Peesident for the lesson"--Senator Mitch McConnell
Like you would know about leadership
Let’s hope she learned valuable lessons from Hurricane Katrina
I wish such things was happening in Liberia
Kirstjen should take a hard look at Puerto Rico and make sure this doesnt happen again.
Choose your words better. When you say you had a "productive meeting" with her,  80% of the country is going to assuming she's crooked too.
Did you talk about Katrina?!
Yeah. Just like she did a great job when Katrina hit!! Trump always picks the best people. (Sarcastic font.)
Sarcastic font needs to happen
As good as she did with Katrina?? Drain the swamp you get the bottom feeders?
Translation: She'll be HORRIBLE for the country.
Do tax payers have to pay from her private plane abuse like we have to play for your wife's
Since she was so no great on Katrina.
Yeah....she was a smashing success during Katrina. Only 1,800 people died, not to mention 600,000 pets and animals.
Better than her Katrina disaster I hope.
#Treasonweasels united? You are a #crookedGOP #Liar #Corrupt #Russia #tRUmprussia  #Rubles in your pocket. You #Fake American #Sham leader
The same person that screwed the pouch on Katrina? She is a poor choice for the job!
Didn't she prove her unworthiness during & after Katrina??  Can't you all find anyone competent to fill these jobs?
Help the whole Nation. Was she not the information gate keeper during KATRINA? Did you forget over 1800 people died? Another INEPT one!
Oh puke
Another incompetent crony?

What's it like standing next to @POTUS for a press conference, knowing the next sentence is going to be a lie or embarrassing? Just curious.
She is as corrupt as DT.
I love reading the comments to your tweets.
Anything and I mean anything you're confident in I'm confident will be beneficial to you and your cronies and disastrous to America!
It's not great to get the confidence of a despicable slimeball like McConnell
Hope she gets along better with Maria's devastation than she did with Katrina's.
She's one of the fools that screwed up the Katrina response. U think she's going to do any better w/Trump's clusterf**ks?  Loser +loser = 0
Because she did such a great job during Katrina? Are you really this stupid or are you simply this corrupt?  Puerto Rico & California Mitch!
And hopefully she won't have to go over and babysit at the WH after Kelly leaves.
Puerto Rico after Maria will be like New Orleans after Katrina. This is a failed administration. #TrumpResign
We’ll see.  She comes from the same swamp as you.

Ditch Mitch he's corrupt and dangerous for America #VoteBlue
And at that, you are failing miserably.

Because there’s only one metric that matters and it’s how well you pass legislation that benefits everyone.
Is this your attempt to show how active you are as @SenateMajLdr ? Why don’t you tell us what you had for breakfast while you’re at it?
Her record is a little alarming... but then again Trump, has picked her... at least he finally picked someone right?
Where does Trump find so many losers? Does he need them to make him look good? OR is the deconstruction aspect the goal? HIRE COMPETENCE
We cant be concerned about your twitter,your governing sucks&you should go2 jail4 allowing Russian scum2 interfere in our election&u did ZIP
Okay. So reading between the lines, then, she sucks.
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!
How about the other 100 confirmations and Oh yeah,Taxes and Healthcare Mitch?
我希望国会采纳我的建议，我会为家人弟兄们感到骄傲。我不愿意妥协，也不想妥协。年复一年日复一日的演讲我已经坚持了8年了。我都不知道还要坚持多久。很累。
THAT means she's 
Crooked LIKE YOU.

Sad.
hope a hurricane smashes into your state Mitch, with her in charge what could go wrong
@dhsgov don't unpack...
Wow! A #RINO endorsing a #RINO. SORRY, no credibility.
Katrina failure.
Did you get a little wood in your shriveled turtle, you old pervert? 
How can we trust the judgement of a sniveling  weasel?
Because she did a heck of a job during Hurricane Katrina. Next, C. Diff will be appointed to head up the Department of Health.

You and your thugs are deplorable!

SHE warned us...

…
I'm not sure #NoAmnesty #ImigrationEnforcement #NoMoreRefugees
Yes but you think Trump has ethics too.
 Puerto Rico
You mean this #KirstjenNielsen? She failed w/ #HurricaneKatrina & is likely responsible for the lack of relief in PR
So glad you thinks so because man do we have a shit load of confidence in your party 
YOU do not KNOW what Productive is, we do know that you are just another Chess piece of Trump. The truth will come out HOPE you are ready!
You mean the woman who played a large role in the botched federal response to Katrina?
I'm confident that you do not know what the hell you're talking about.
Wasn't the terrible response to Hurricane Katrina due to her poor leadership?
She kinda fell apart during Katrina.
So the opposite of you then.
Mitch, good . My question is why do we need DHS so big? Should be downsize it? GWB was stupid to create such a big agency! Cc: Trump
Are you saying #FEMA, #BorderSecurity, #AntiTerrorism, #Customs,  #DisasterPrevention & #CyberSecurity needs 2 B cut? Are you  conservative?
That’s great. Pay attention and maybe you’ll learn how to be a leader.
Did you see how she did during Katrina? Might want to take a Look  #Unfit
SO! About all this Trump tea today? Will we continue defending him even though your approval ratings couldn't be worse?
Why would anyone trust a word you have to say after your enabling of the mentally unstable loon in the White House? Get out Mitch

#VoteBlue
Where is the #Benghazi uproar over the 4 soldiers killed on @GOP's watch in #Niger?


Get out of the NRA's pockets and enact gun control now.
