Bob Corker has outed you. Get ready to retire
So far my retirement check is getting smaller without medical deductions and property tax deduction. What is considered the middle class?
2 words in yr tweet r accurate-rest #GOPlies. "Getting America" is what u r up to. We reject yr help the rich policies. #hateful #VoteYouOut
This will be meaningless if @realDonaldTrump triggers a nuclear war. You have the power to protect American lives.
NO THANKS 2 SENATE REPUGNICANTS! JUST GET OUT OF DJT's way!
If republicans are not united to pass bills, what is their purpose?
Get your head out of Atlas Shrugged and craft plans that put money in pockets of people who spend it and drive demand for goods and services
We will all believe it when we see it. Will this be before or after Pelosi decides to shut down the govt?
How can you create jobs when you can not even do your's?
Look at the makeup of these people that think #America is stupid and they know better what is good for it. #Elitest #Swamp #PrivateJets
fraud is the “intentional perversion of truth in order to induce another to part with something of value,”

Funding the government is Ryan’s job but he is too weak to do it, so he will have to ask Pelosi to do his job for him. That won’t be free https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/917752962918813696 …

It’s also about you all working together, unite our party, educating America and supporting our President. Doing your jobs will benefit all
Then maybe you can do something about big pharmaceutical companies! Stop lobbyists & contributions to both sides! Purchase drugs from Canada
Talk to Hillary about pharma...that’s her private profit! So much you don’t know, please read books!
Please, why are you STILL talking about Hillary. Trump promised to do something about pharmaceuticals - we are in the here and now.
Fake news. Sad!
Yes you Repubs Rinos road in on PDJT coat tails that's right if it wasn't for him a lot of you wouldn't have been REELECTED !
Wow! The fancy camera-work did absolutely nothing to change my mind about @SenateGOP & @SenateMajLdr evil policies and agendas!
These are the Morons
We do need real tax reform—not cuts to Medicare & Medicaid. Stop trying to kill Americans’ healthcare. Shame on you!
Trump promised no cuts to what people paid for & are entitled to. But Trump isn't watching Ryan & his own moron staff...he's distant fatcat
Ya but when. Only trump has done this. republicans haven't done anything in congress.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Maybe you could get this right firts
I call bullshit! Quit pissing on my shoes and telling me it’s raining. LIAR!!
I highly suggest all of Congress open mouths & educate the people who don’t know facts and how tax plan works, especially the tiresome left!
Trump Plan Delivers Massive Tax Cuts To The 1% And Sharp Kick To The Upper Middle Class via @forbes
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Yes to corporate tax cuts. Can't wait for my stocks to  when buy backs vs investment happens
Not very good bullshitters. Your greatest advantage is being slaves to money. But we will #EndCitizensUnited and y'all WILL PAY.
Support or President or retire.
Getting jobs going didn't we just have the biggest downfall on jobs in 17 years thanks to D.C.
Mitch McConnell is the most hated man in Kentucky
How about you focus on not getting us into war with North Korea?! Muzzle our POTUS. He's trying to get us all killed!!! Wake up already!
So are your president manufacturing jobs coming here or staying overseas?  You people pull this speech out of your playbook all the time.  It's hollow.
Sometime I wonder who is more idiot,the one who is forced to say idiotic things or the one listening to them and using them as reference.
Hope it's aimed at helping the majority of Americans, hard working Americans struggling to get by.  Not the top 10% of the richest!
Your #TaxReform = You finally have a moron to sign your trillion $ legislation give away to the 1% into law.

Here an opportunity to the Americans to witness a display of republican politicians talking about taxes with absolutely no conviction.
Time for McConnell to go! He has been exposed as a do nothing!
These politicians,they swallowed the same pill. to sell the tax reform to the Americans  to end up benefiting the rich.
Keep the Middle Class Poor.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Yup. Doing a great job you Republicans.  33,000 jobs LOST in Sept. alone! Good going!  Keep up the good work!
you have forgotten about LV and clearly the White Supremacist Republicans are working on tax cuts 4 the rich. Maj Americans want #GUNCONTROL
This is sick. Someone please primary every last one of these sorry sons of bitches.
Republicans are lying to Americans. Your plan is a redistribution of wealth that takes from middle/lower income families to give to the rich
Moving again?! Did you notice how big the bubble is gettin? #POP2017
CORPORATE TAX REFORM NECESSARY FOR OUR ECONOMY. Keep my individual tax cu, give later after economy recovers. NOW WHAT ABOUT THAT?
OMG will you please stop shoving the one poc in front of a room full of rich white men!!!  Stop pretending your bill will help anyone else.
Wisconsin senate?.. has seen your never worked hard here. Dinner Washington is orbit here. Fake

@SpeakerRyan @TGowdySC @DevinNunes

WHY DO NONE OF YOU EVER DO NEWS CONFERENCES TO ATTACK THE LEFT - DEMS FOR THEIR STATEMENTS?
DEFEND TRUMP
Thanks Republicans
Bet they can't pass a tax bill??? Useless! !!
Senators are just to old need new blood with new ideas need create. Not just cut thing no future in cut need to build things
It's about your greed and hatred of all things not white and warped Christian.   
Under a real President @BarackObama we had 75 consecutive months of job GROWTH.  Nearly 15 Miilion private sector jobs.
Memo to Republicans: if you have to sell tax breaks to the American ppl, there is something wrong with your plan! Who wouldn’t want free $$?

Bullshit !!!
Do you not remember what happened last time y’all lowered corporate taxes &taxes on  money brought back for overseas? I do! CEO bonuses
That was the Wall Street bailout. Reagan lowered corporate tax in the economy started moving
Trump & family r waiting 4 BIG TB that w/save them millions n taxes money will come from help u kids & elderly got n O C  its been gutted
why do the Rep believe their tax break w/ bring companies back they blocked Obama from stopping Bush TB said they disagree jobs w/come back
I want to see @realDonaldTrump tax returns so I can see the loopholes he uses, which you are not eliminating in your plan. Prove me wrong.
Pretty slick production but it's at the point because of your tolerance of Trump America doesn't trust you.  Fools.
it's about your masters money :don't insult me with lies
With exception of Trump products...those can all stay in China because Donald and Ivanka are the exception. SAD
Parade of our great, all-knowing, all-doing, all-poweful, Nearly all white and male  glorious, lying, deceitful, NRA backed leaders! 2018!
And how did that work for ya last month
Make rich even richer, screw single parent. What a PAL! Only after taking reproductive rights from women, & HC from children though, right?
More lies. Trickle down put $$ in the pockets of the rich. & they still sent jobs overseas. So many lies. So much losing 4 the middle class.
Trickle down has never worked. #trickledown = #tinkleon
America's going and growing... No thanks to you dead beats.
What a bunch of NRA-owned losers.  No heart.  NONE!
7 years of continuous job growth under #Obama. Here's what #Trump did this month.
Fiscal Conservatives! No money  for healthcare.
Your  = Their ! 
No accountability. Partying on #taxpayers dime.
Where are the jobs
y'all better get something done our you will be out on your ass. you made promises and u haven't delivered anything
1% pushing you hard for their GIGANTIC  tax cuts.

How are Dotards people going to pay for their chartered flights?  Sick
I highly applaud jobs here, not overseas. How do you enforce this with Trump’s shining example of Trump goods from China?
IT'S ABOUT THE RICH GETTING RICHER. HOW STUPID DO YOU THINK WE ALL ARE?!
TRICKLE-DOWN ECONOMICS DOES NOT WORK! https://video214.com/play/K0bPFjkw1APraABorTyytg/s/dark …
This is the most important business at hand thst will benefit all Americans! Think!
Where have you been? American industry is moving along pretty well. Sounds like cooked up excuse for GOP tax scheme.
Actually it’s not. It’s about lining your pockets & those of the top 2-5% most wealthy. Trickle down doesn’t work. A failed&immoral concept!
Really...how about starting at the top with Trumps daughter...her clothing & shoes are made outside the USA!  Practice what you preach!!
Are you fuking kidding. The economy is great thanks to Obama. 4% unemployment, record Corp profits. Can’t get any better than this.
Nope....people are not stupid, at least 65% aren't. You're done.
Yeah! Thats what we need Republicans everywhere support your legislators tell them you want them to act for their constituents & President!
No its not. It never is but to line the pockets of 1 percenters. Those w Student loans will see jack shit !
The Rogue Congress
These are the greatest frauds on Earth! Weak Skunks.
$1.5 trillion in cuts to medicare/medicaid and tax breaks to the rich.  Decimate education and corp welfare. $693 for war -LyingRyan & Right
Just remember that if you don’t lower the effective rate of the middle class you should just retire now because you won’t be re-elected. Read up on what @RandPaul has to say.
You are LYING about tax reform. NOTHING you R proposing will help America. Except wealthy people.
Check the latest numbers!!
America had been moving forward under #PBO. Remember 2008 when u nuts almost destroyed America. Maybe this time u will destroy us. #Treason
Tax reform should have NOTHING to do providing jobs.. history indicates Government like YOU  can’t manage other people’s money ..DO YOUR JOB
Sadly they all know Laffer curve, tinkle down has been debunk. From Reagan to Brownback bankrupting KS ("laboratory of innovation") 1/2
They don't care though cuz they gotta do taxcuts for their wealthy donors. Those donor are Pissed & not paying the @GOP.  2/2
Your guy’s first fiscal week and you’ve screwed jobs. Well done.
Looks like a zombie attack
what? YOUR FAKE  PRESIDENT tweeted FAKE job stats this morning.
Bunch of old rich privileged white men.
Better get this done. I cancelled my TurboTax since I will be able to do my returns on a postcard. If I can't, I will never file again.
See how it's working out for the state of kansas
Sounds good but only talk, fail to repeal Obamacare 30 hr work wk/50 employee limits stop small biz, 70% job creator starups/expansion jobs
Pants on fire #itsaboutmillionaires
This Country is literally falling apart and you are a one issue http://wonder.You  move on right after your”issue of the moment”fails.
Let’s get the Senate working, I’m so tired of them getting nothing important done!
If you want more jobs in USA then pass the #FairTax
By ending payroll, income & investment taxes #FAIRtax puts US on top. #MAGA #MTFA #taxreform http://bit.ly/28YEQhT 
@realDonaldTrump 
…
Like Carrier?
Reduce the deficit. My kids should not pay for your re-election!



Insulate America, yes..¡¡ great idea

Have you reminded @POTUS that he needs to stop using overseas products? America wil believe it when he does that
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr That's not how US capitalist society works. You know this. The rich will get richer on majority's back
Lies it’s about lining your pockets with Koch dollars and leaving us to pay the damage
You must think we're all stupid enough to believe that trickle down works. 2018 cant get here fast enough!
Maybe you guys could ask the President and his family to move their production back to the US.

Man, I hope whomever is making this GOP glam videos is fleecing the fuck out of the RNC.
And then stealing everything from that u can from the less wealthy in America. Fck the cruel, soulless, racist @GOP
McConnell still needs to go!!!
Quit kidding yourself and your constituents. Trickle down economics doesn’t work #standuptotrump #bealeader
Your party is destined for the dustbin of history.  You have sold out your country to back the traitor in the White House.
Id like to see that
Tax reform is about keeping your job by keeping your rich friends happy. That's all.
#TrumpIsYourLegacy #Cowards
WE the people are disgusted with @GOP lies.  Disgusted with your CORRUPTION.  Your TREASON. We know the truth.  So shut up.
You lie. Tax reform only benefit corporations and the one percent. My taxes WILL increase
TAX DEFORM is about paying Donald's rich friends while the rest of us suffer.  And BTW - Donald's stuff is produced OVERSEAS.
I'll keep that in mind when my taxes go up after you pass his bill. Will you agree to pay difference if they do?
4/ RESTORE LIBERTY. RESTORE THE RULE OF LAW. If that's too hard, you need to let us know so we can make other arrangements.
You want to get America going again Rep Ryan: Get rid of TRUMP!
3/ the majority until you unspread your asscheeks, stand up, and do the job you were sent to do. FULL CLEAN REPEAL. NO ILLEGAL INFRINGEMENTS
You are lucky  president Obama left the country in such good state . You are destroying it.
2/ NOTHING. So if dems are going to be in charge, if we're going to do everything the commie way, WHAT DO WE NEED YOU FOR? You will not hold
1/ You know, we voted out dems and put Repubs in because dems in charge suck. But so far, dems are still in charge, you've accomplished
No it will make the Koch Bros. Richer and screw the middle class.
Everyone knows that you are catering to the hands that feed you and not to the people that were foolish enough to vote for you.
Get America going again? America needs to get Congress going again!! Good start would be to toss you out on your A$$! SHAMEFUl LIES! IDIOT!!
Prove it. Have hearings and debates.
There are too many white men in this video! Explains sooooo much!
Ripoff Republicans are Pro Rich for there    donator's only
I R O N   S T A C H E
#DTS
GOP is actually robbing our government u just don’t have your masks on isn’t that a crime stealing money that’s not yours
#ImpeachTrump then I might consider
Yup and adding 2 trillion to the National Deficit conservatives my ass smdh
You're not fooling anyone @SpeakerRyan ...
GOP tax reform is making the wealthy more wealthy so please enough with the bs LIES your party don’t give a shit about the middle class
This is just your spin to give huge tax cuts to the super wealthy. Stop the lies! Everyone knows the truth. NOT tax reform. Tax Cut for 1%.
Employment just dropped...
What a joke.
Not working for you honey!  How about all the jobs that have been lost lately.  Liar Liar and damned hypocrite you Repubs are!
That's code for we're going to give all the tax breaks to the rich so they can dole out some crumbs to us poor folk.
By subsidies to the rich? Doesn't work
Liars! This is about giving huge $$ to big contributors nothing more. Don't buy the bull!
PROVERBS 24:3-6 (WINTER HEATING!: ENJOY YOUR WORK!)
There is an especially fiery place in hell reserved for the @GOP.
#GOPLies #GreedOverPeople #PowerCorrupts
#TrickleDownNeverWorks
You people are on dope
