Quit misleading us for the sake of your wealthy backers.  At least be honest
Much of the economy is doing quite well, thank you, but individuals who need help won't benefit from tax cuts for the rich
Yeah right. Laughable
Liar!
Apparently, you had your head stuck in your turtle shell the last eight years.

 You do know it’s a sin to tell a lie, right @SenateMajLdr? I’d love to get an honest answer on what your personal beef is with #Obama.
Hm. Stagnation? I mean, I'm no Obama fan but he did a pretty good job helping us recover from the worst recession since the great depression
Facts Matter! Thank you.
Obama saved the American economy. Trump's going to crash American economy.
AP FACT CHECK: Trump is presenting a distorted picture of his tax plan, record and approach to health care: http://apne.ws/XOi1NBP  
Were you asleep for 8 years? Obama rescued us from the huge mess the GOP made of the economy. Remember?
Why don't you just beg for a win since you can't get any you pathetic man!  I feel sorry for you and your failed legacy!
Yo bro, you fools like to use stock market as your barometer. Check it out under Pres. O. It's almost like you're lying by your own metrics.
Stagnation? What planet do you live on?

Did you say that with a straight face?
Don't go into bar full of Economist, they may ridicule you.
Stagnation?! You and 43 put it in the toilet.  President Obama actually brought it back...
You blocked everything. He cleaned up after W. Try the truth sometime
The GOP blocked Obama infrastructure & jobs intiatives bill. #budget harms more Americans than it helps. Follow the money @SenatorCardin
The record 75 months of job growth under Obama? As he led us out of a recession?
The total lack of bipartisanship by @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP will result in damage to our economy that will resonate for decades. ALL ideas!
What is UP with your complete HATRED of Obama??? Do you think we don't see it????
Every month under Obama the economy grew!
Tax cuts for the middle class will  strengthen our economy ! Tax cuts for the rich will do nothing for the economy.
Liar...how about recovery and avoidance of another great depression?
Will cutting corporate taxes create jobs? http://on.epi.org/2xSS4FI  
Is "stagnation" too big of a word for you to understand, murder turtle McConnell?
Way to go.  Good job Mitch
Stagnation? That's what you're going to give us when you let the wealthy reinvest all their new money in stock, NOT America or business.
Perhaps I should consider that this Admin has no ability to manage a crisis of any size, is an utter failure and danger to the US
UMMMM.....any stagnation was due to YOU and all your obstructionist buddies
Cutting Medicare and social security are just plain evil
Budget was critical to change the rules to 51  votes. We aren't stupid. #economy
Instead of continued assault on the American people, stripping health care, tax cuts for the rich, gutting Medicare and Obama's victories,
You're a funny turtle. The economy blossomed and flourished after Republicans killed the economy.
Beyond satire you are a parody of yourself you make Barnham look like Ghandi!
Strike one. Reduce the cost of regular Americans by reducing medicaid and Medicare. It's draws a line that only the well off survive. If I could vote against you I would. What's the average person in Kentucky think??
How about the real question. What happened in Niger? Did our troops have the Intel and support they needed? Why was one missing for two days
Don't slow down! MAGA
Shame on you for intentionally hurting Americans! All lies!
You can say this after the Republicans almost destroyed the whole thing in 2008?
month to month to get by & these ppl don't care. They want us to pay for a tax cut for the rich. SAY NO TO THIS EGREGIOUS PLAN
damn about ppl unless their rich. Otherwise it's SCREW you. Don't let them screw us again. Most Americans are struggling
Republicans are hurting hard working Americans to fund a huge tax cut for the wealthiest Americans. Republicans don't give
Oh yeah; remember who gave recession; GOP president and who fixed it before and after the 43rd; a Democratic President; so don't screw up
YOU LIE!

You worst than trump with your nonsense. Serious
Stagnation under President Obama?! Hahaha!! He saved our economy after Bush & GOP ran it to the ground. GOP is incompetent.
"after years of stagnation under Prez Ob??" Well if ya hadn't deregulated banks, we wouldn't've had to have him repair everything you broke.
You need to start acting like a senator and not like a sycophant. President Obama cares more than the entire @foo.
YOU are a sick man,  McConnell. It's obvious to me that you got where you're at because you suck A..!!!!!!
LIE!  The economy grew MORE under OBAMA than it did under any President since WWII.
When corporations were first formed as entities, govts demanded they be good citizens and pay taxes. Today, Republicans just throw $$ at 'em
You vowed to make him a one term president, and obstructed progress for both of his terms. @BarackObama
@realDonaldTrump Your plan takes from middle/lower income families to give to the ultra wealthy.
Sick of hearing about your tax reform.Do you think if You keep saying it we will finally believe it? Not so.
You know we fact check you, right?  Have a feeling this won’t check out
As I recall, stonewalling on the part of GOP in Congress contributed to whatever “stagnation” you’re speaking of.
Economy grew under Obama; more historical negationism by GOP. #liar #thief
We would have a better economy if we got better healthcare! Healthy people work ! Give us our dignity!!!
Unsigned bills stacked up on your desk. YOU are the cause of stagnation & gridlock. #AwfulLegacy
Cecil turtle will fail with this too, mccain will ruin this he hates @potus Peter Doocy was 150% correct, feckless vacuum of leadership
If it weren't for president Obama we'd be in a great depression. He pulled us out and now you want to take us back. #Liar #Hypocrite #GREEDY
That is a lie

Gutting Medicare & Medicaid to give tax cuts to the very wealthy, you SHOULD be ashamed but you have no shame...#HealthcareIsLife #Crooks
Stagnation?!  GOP policies caused a recession Obama’s administration corrected. Do nothing until you’re voted out.  It’s safer for the USA.

"...after years of stagnation under President Obama." You mean you're going to finally give up your endless OBSTRUCTION?
Boy, you just never quit lying.
Fake President and a Lying Majority Leader
The #USA is crippled by it's inept leaders
@realDonaldTrump
no passing this budget is probably critical to keeping your job - you lie just like moronic trump
It's a lie and you're a tool of the wealthy.
Good luck.  I am rooting for the 'GOP' to succeed.
You are as crazy as trump
Stagnation? That’s what we had under George W. Bush, not President Obama.
https://twitter.com/Federalists_USA/status/915303645591171072 …
Obama is long gone, do something old time senator. Stop complaining about O'bama & give us health care and bennies, moral hazard not to GOP!
The stagnation under Obama came from you and your Repubs.  You refused to work with him, now you refuse to work with democrats. Shameful!!
Only thing you want to do is line your and your rich buddies pockets.
Except there wasn't stagnation #FakeClaim
Why hasn't Hillary, Lynch, Comey, Muller, Waters and the list goes on not been charged (Hill) or expelled (Waters) from out great WH.
Because the two major parties are colluding to assist with the wealth-class raid of public wealth. #SenateBudget
Stagnation?  You forget the mess he inherited in 2009. Shame on you. It’s amazing we weren’t plunged into a full on depression.
What is in it that will hurt the American people, if Rand Paul is voting against it, something is wrong, tell us!
The majority leader is delusional disingenuous and has neglected to remember his vow to obstruct President Obama...
Passing this #budget is critical to passing #TaxReform, so we can strengthen our #economy after years of stagnation under President Obama.
"My wife Elaine says the party in my pants stagnated a long time ago. There is nothing to chow on for sure!"--Senator Mitch McConnell
In stagnation don’t you mean your continued racist ass measures to hinder anything president obama tried to do? That’s what you meant to say. Republicans are wimps. May as well be on a schoolyard. But WH is that now
You mean stagnation that was a result of 8 yrs of @gop lies that crashed our economy.
GOP budget cuts Medicare to fund tax cuts for rich. #Notonepenny
How high can you pile it?
What Republicans are voting for today:

Cut $1T from Medicaid
Cut $473B from Medicare
Add $1.5T to the deficit
Give tax cuts to the rich
Entire GOP platform is "tax breaks for the rich and f**k all y'all." And gutting Medicare to line your own pockets.
I agree Mitch. Just look at how bad things were under Obama after the Bush market crash!
#lie #mitchisaliar
Obama pulled us out of the Republican Party disaster that brought the U.S economy to its knees because of YOUR decisions. Bad politician
You are to blame about any complaints on the economy because you said you wanted Obama to fail and did everything to sabotage.
Fact check, please. I'm pretty sure the stock market tripled during the Obama years.
Blame Obama for the dumpster fire he inherited. Economy grew every year he was in office. No wonder you & Liar-in-Chief r buddies. 1/2
Too many theories&opinions RE tax reform.  Help citizens gain knowledge of foundational principles & detailed explanations of any tax plan.
Stop blaming, it’s so immature.  Who knew taxes could be so complicated?
Stagnation with Obama. Jesus dude! He saved the economy after you drove it into the ground!
any stagnation under obama was your obstructionist bullshit ways..but now you are happy working with an admitted sexual predator, complicit
Do you even have a conscience?
#fakenews There wasn’t any #stagnation but if you really want to do me a favor, make a #taxreform that is #selfless not #selfish
So says the obstructionist himself.  All you and Ryan did was obstruct Obama. Your credibility, you destroyed. So live with it now liar.
YOU KNOW BETTER THAN THAT!!! YOU MUST LIKE THE SMELL OF TRUMPYS ASS, SINCE YOU ARE ALWAYS KISSING IT!!!
Vote out this useless, greedy, SOB for raping the middle class to the benefit of his rich cronies who have bought & sold his soul. Failing!
Oh please! Obama inherited the worse recession since the depression of the 1930's. Are you also just going to blame Obama for everything?
The budget cuts Medicare doesn’t it?
This only benefit the rich, it doesn’t help the middle class @ all.
Tax reform is critical because we want you to have more money to pay for healthcare #morondon
In one hole out the other
Years of stagnation under Obama????  Really?  We aren't so stupid that we don't know where the blame lies. Step up and be a man, Mitch.
Mitch you had your hands all over that stagnation, own up dude.
Critical to the rich !! Use your head !!!!
What are you talking about? Obama pulled us out of recession.
This is wrong the growth we have now is because of Obama. You are a fool if you think it's because of your puppet master Trump.
Is this a joke?
No, @SenateMajLdr thinks we're all stupid & can't see his lies. He's got to go, looks tired & almost fell up steps from Rose Garden presser.
Flat tax everyone pays the same percentages no loopholes
OMG, stagnation? Hardly. Remember your stated goal w/Obama, obstruct everything! YOU ARE A #DESPICABLE #LIAR #SHAMEFUL
Do your job Mr Leader
Oh, is that what happened? Silly me, I thought it was you trying to make him a one term president that cocked everything up!
And this”stagnation” was during the time what party controlled Congress? Sorry didn’t hear you. Could you speak up????
You know, my boss often passed off his predecessors' recovery plans as his own invention, then bathed in glory. You might try it! #Obamacare
Less tweets more details. You had SEVEN (7) years to have bills at the ready. Massive failure @GOP
And cut $1 TRILLION from Medicare and $500 BILLION from Medicaid. #FalseTaxPlan #BadBudget Don’t make the poor pay for your #TaxCutsForRich
The last Republican president cut taxes and left economy in the gutter.
respectfully Senator, when is the vote scheduled for the budget
#NotOnePenny
What are you even talking about ?
It started with Reagan dumb ass Clinton and Obama fixed you Republikkkans mess. Tell the truth turtle man
I seem to remember you saying no to everything  that wonderful man proposed so you could get in bed with the devil. Do you think we forgot?
8 years of obstruction. 

GOP 

Sad 

Now you want to reward the wealthy.
I guess you won't accept this happened in the last 10 years!
Shut up. Seriously. You would do anything to take away anything Obama has done. It’s pitiful. Can’t wait until you’re all voted out.
Then do it! Get something done for a change besides talking!
BS, after stagnation to not support Obama by republications!
Trumps not the only dotard in the gov't apparently.
The economy was NOT STAGNANT under the last admin. We moved steadily FORWARD economically despite GOP OPPOSITION under your leadership!
This is clearly false, Mitch.
You were the stagnation during Obama's presidency.
Quit robbing us. I do not trust that you have anyone's except the richest' best interests at heart.
TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMY DOES NOT WORK! ALWAYS GIVING TAX CUTS TO THE RICH DOES NOT HELP MIDDLE CLASS! VERY BAD AWFUL BUDGET!
After years of obstruction by GOP under Pres. Obama is the real fact.
I will note that we had growth under Obama. True leaders would not spin the truth in this manner.
Stagnant! Bush crashed the economy - IT HAS NOT BEEN FIXED. WALLSTREET READY TO RAPE ORDINARY PEOPLE AND MCCONNELL DOES   N O T H I N G !
What a #liar
You are giving more money to the rich and screwing the middle class and poor. Funny how you think that fixes things
Time to pay back your rich friends. Tax reform terrible for poor and middle class
Remember how you didn't pass healthcare, 3 times? Get ready for more of that, Sir.
Passing this #budget is critical to passing #TaxReform, so we can strengthen our super rich after years of stagnation under President Obama.
You’re so full of crap. Obama did more than any republican. Republicans will be the absolute ruination of our country if we let them.
you mean transfer more of the economy’s output to the 1%’ers don’t you?  why do you think growth is so tepid? every dollar is captured by the wealthy - no velocity in the money supply #TaxFairness @realDonaldTrump @PRyan @tedcruz
@POTUS@realDonaldTrump has been talking about how great the economy has been recently so which is it? Are we being crushed, or are things 
Things are okay. They are just lying as usual. 1% CEOs doing just fine but little people still waiting for trickle down to work!
Stagnation? Whatever, Yertle.
Trump is a complete fool and you know it!
You mean after Obama resurrected the #GOP Bush Economic meltdown?
YOU LIE!
We had a strong economy, strong spending & job growth under President Obama. WE REMEMBER. Your lies & spin won’t fool those with a brain
Girl, this brain remembers!  They thought we had forgotten! The CONSPIRACY was led by him!

@SenateMajLdr stagnation under your lack of leadership


It wasn't  stagnant  turtle man. This will bury us and you know it.
