In the meantime you are destroying America
How fitting to remember by cutting Medicare & Medicaid.
They were fighting against people like Trump, just so you know.
My Dad a WWII vet, would be disgusted by your support the selling of our nation to Russia. Your support of #CzarTrump makes you a traitor.
too bad you weren't there to take one for the team
So hypocritical, you are ruining our country as you pretend to honor those who fought for us.  #pleaseresign
 who typed this for the 
Traitor 
Remembering our heroes, whom fought  the Nazis to liberate Europe! We must remain vigilant, so that history won't repeat
And if you were Senate Majority leader then, there would've been no GI Bill which forged the way to a strong middle class.
Guess you remember that day OLD man cheater & liar.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
What? And jeopardize all those NRA funds? Never.
Be a patriot and do what's right for our country not Trump!
History will remember U as fully complicit in the corruption and dishonesty that wounded, or killed, what the Founders began
U betray them by your repeated cover-up of WH
Hey Hardcore Mitch, how are you? I hope we don't have to live through another world war.
not you though McConnell. Where were you on that day? Why didn't you serve?
He did, 5 weeks in the reserves then discharged because of eye problems.  If it had been his mouth problems he'd have gotten 100% disability
Yeah, you better damn remember the people who died for us!
right now Trump is changing history and you don't like that
These people's sacrifices are being sullied by you. Traitorous coward.
Isn't it a shame that their sacrifice is now in hands of a serial Draft Dodger who never served his country, fleeces it & hands it to PUTIN
This America is not what they sacrificed for. @GOP should be ashamed.
We're pretty sick of you talking put of both sides of you mouth
Yes, it is. And your lies soil their memory.
The bravest of the brave
Russia, Russia, RUSSIA!!!
Doesn't AHCA cut funding for healthcare to veterans. Come out of your shell.
This administration is a disgrace to their sacrifice.
You will be remembered for something very, very different. Corrupt and complicit traitor!
McConnell enlisted in the U.S. Army Reserve in 1967, but did not go to Vietnam; he was discharged due to optic neuritis, an inflammation
And your Traitorous leader wants to abandon our allies in favor of Russia. You are complicit in treason you 
5 beaches 3/5 of which were British & Canadian.  You might want to remind the Ignoramus in Chief who the allies are.
You know what Trump is for you and Ryan and the rest of you lame Reps. Karma. Karma for 8 lying and disrespectful years .
YOU http://RAT.YOU  HAVE NO RIGHT TO HONOR THE HERO'S. YOU ARE STRIPPING AWAY THEIR HEALTHCARE.
We are. Would that the GOP would show courage in response to this  president who threatens all that the troops of DDay fought for.
And you would've denied their healthcare benefits
and today Trump has us in good favor with very few Allieds around the world ! Trump is a disaster as commander and chief !
Those were real patriots and Americans. Unlike you, who is the worlds most obstructionist turtle.
Why do you pretend to care about Veterans?
Maybe this should have come from 45, he spent his morning as the crazy twitter nazi.. oh and you should resign
Russia?
And died for our democracy, which you and your #GreedOverPeople @GOP are abundantly willing to forsake in your defense of @realDonaldTrump
Trump is lying. He has not even nominated people. I don't think he understands the process
Russian intelligence agents hacked a U.S. voting systems. Trump is not our president, he need to step down NOW, McConnel is Traitor to U.S.
You and your colleagues will go down in history as collaborators in Trump's treason and attacks on our democracy
My dad shot down in prep for DDay, spent 15 m in Stalag XVIIB - shame on you for ignoring Trump's attacks on our democracy
dim senator says its you not getting trumps people in becouse u dont need their vote just 51 repubs needed  im puzzled y this not done
Now, if only they would storm DC and take our country back!
It's time to get the fricking Health and Tax bills done. YOU are blowing it!
Oh, he's blowing it alright. @SenateMajLdr has become expert at blowing trump & Putin to get his toxic, harmful agenda pushed thru.
And you work to destroy their legacy by enabling the selloff of this nation to Russia.
You bring disservice to the Nation and dishonor to the Senate.  Another day closer to never hearing from you again. #DitchMitch
They were heroes; you are a traitor. #PrisonMitch #RussianMoneyLaundering 
Yes & unless you want to repeat this horrific tragedy please get the Senate GOP off their duffs & high horses & pass the POTUS's agenda ASAP

To bad you have none of the qualities of the brave men and women who's sacrifices  provide our freedoms and way of life.
I disagree w/you on almost everything but at least, unlike Trump who's whining about whatever this morning, you recognized the day.
Oh you mean the #Veterans you're trying to take #Medicaid from & steal their benefits to give you & your greedy cohorts a giant tax break??
Thanks for this memorable thought. Now get off your butt and pass health care reform and tax reform!
Maybe remind the president?  He is ignoring the greatest generation of America and bitching on Twitter. Sick man.
You like to remember them, I know, because they are dead veterans and it doesn't require the @GOP to pay for them anymore.
Once again tweeting about something you have no clue or care about #pretender 
DDay remembrance after your partisan bashing of healthcare. Good to know your priorities are in line.
Go away Mitch

You're gutless. Grow a shell Mitch.
This is a real KY turtle. Mitch is a sad facsimile.

Folks. Look up primary challengers for ALL GOPers up for re-election. Support challengers. GOP reps r anti-Trump. Vote out in '18. Retweet
Absolutely doing this!
