@SpeakerRyan Robust? How about this word? Disgraceful, like your behavior if u "override" #shame #shame #shame
Oh, good! An entire week devoted to securing a trucker-killing fuck that the majority of Americans don't want! Typical day for Congress.
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland.
Get to the Nuclear Option! You are dealing with deplorable obstructionist Dems!
The only thing robust about it is your apparent lack of courage you blundering dolt
https://www.facebook.com/AlisonForKentucky/videos/1470935859612604/ …  Hypocrite.
Merrick Garland
Stop. Wait until AFTER the impeachment of Trump before considering a new SC justice.
There will be no impeachment...
LOL. You'd like to think that wouldn't you?
No I know it.. It's not going to happen..
Okay, well, good luck with that. Have a nice day.
Indeed I will!!
Grow up little one, U have a lot to learn! Don't let your sorry self wonder what hits you when you fall HARD!
Why do you pretend to debate? What your party says is all that matters to you, give up pretending you work for the American people you fraud
Good luck  lol. Once we Go Nuclear We can confirm next 2 SCOTUS  with No help from Dems at all LOL.Conservative court for rest of your life!
Amen to that! Keep it coming with crazy rhetoric and the fake news, People are wise to it.. bye bye to more democrats in 2018.
You mean like you did with Merrick Garland?    Oh, wait, that's right, you didn't even allow a vote on him!     You're a hypocrite
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
You're still a loser
You stole a SCOTUS pick. As Rep. Schiff has said THAT was the nuclear option The rest is just fallout.#youbrokeityouownit#2018minorityleader
Oh. Wheeeee!
The Court just reversed his decision _-scum
He's not a centrist. He's a right wing conservative who favors corporations and the rich.
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts It's never too late...a 90 year old British man is transitioning now to female...
Treasonous!  You stole that Supreme Court seat, sir.  You are a traitor to the Constitution of the United States of America! @SpeakerRyan
stolen seat!
more upset about Judge Garland not even getting a vote. Go Democrats.
GOP has an astounding lack of leadership with you at the helm.
It's a shame you violated the constitution during @Potus44 YOU SET THE PRECEDENT for preventing the constitutional right to appoint a judge.
Your anti-Constitutional/anti-TrueAmerican/anti-Christian actions through your career has put a stain on your senate work for your grandkids
Garland is the real choice. Not trumps fake gorsuch
There is no debate. The nominee is #MerrickGarland. Pull your head out.
POTUS under federal investigation.  No vote. #HYPOCRITE #NOVOTESCOTUS
You should include a productive conversation about overturning citizen's united and follow it up by doing so
You have no honor.
Don't you have other work to do? Try governing.
FILIBUSTER WILL DO THAT, MITCHELL
After YEARS of refusing to do your job, sure you can handle it?
Make the rules clear please.  SCOTUS doesn't get elected during the 'election year'.  You said it but everyone questions it.  Make it a RULE
If Gorsuch was such a great person he would be a shoe in.  Since he's not, does that tell you something.  The man doesn't belong.
Debate or man speak nonsense
If #SCOTUS nom good now will be after FBI Investigation done Same as 2016 election
No lifetime appt for 45 til FBI investigation done then #SCOTUS nom will have time to meet with @SenDuckworth  Country before Party.
@GorsuchFacts Turtle McConnell violated his constitutional duty by wrongly filibustering Merrick Garland for 11 months. #hypocrite
Interesting. That u have dark money producing TV advertising that is pro Gorsuch. Why?

You need new nominee.
Because who needs laws anyhow?
Go nuclear for Gorsuch confirmation!  Show the Democrats how its' done!
History will show your rank partisanship around the Garland appointment to be a betrayal of democracy.
It'd be nice to see you devote this much time to making America better for everyone - not just the rich white race. Think outside the box.
No damn wonder nothing gets done.  Just waste time....
. Russia has attacked USA and GOP would allow their man to rule this nation.  Complete investigation first!!!
We do not trust Puppet Trump's appointments as his goal is to weaken and divide our Democracy.  GOP in on it?
We demand an independent investigation into Russian attack and Trump's involvement be completed first!
Why didn't you do this with the last nominee?  You are just as rediculius!!!!
You & Ryan together with trump are trafficking the USA 2 Russia. Bcareful if you don't make putin''s orders you might b the next on his list
Sure don't do your job effectively break the rules do you can boast your ego, and wallets
Why don't you have some robust debate about Garland?  Tool of Billionaires, if you aren't one, Mitch would rather you were dead.
cut the crap go nuclear and get it done @GorsuchFacts
U should quit wasting time on the Dems they're never going 2 come 2a reasonable place N this conformation hearing debate! They're 2 juvenile
you oughta pay a smidge of attention to the goddamn lunatic in @WhiteHouse threatening to go to war w/ Korea.
You filibustered 79 Obama judges before Harry Reid got rid of the 60 vote rule.  And never for SCOTUS. You stopped Obamas pick. No integrity
#confirmgorsuch
Like you did for Merrick Garland you obstructing turtle.  #investigatetrump first.
Talk about how you politicized the judiciary over Garland. You did not uphold your pledge to the constitution. #VoteThemOut
U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat U stole the seat !!!!
When do you plan to dedicate time to 23,000 miners to lose health care and pension? 27 days! Keep the Promise!
Так они делают это в Матери-России?
I really hated you but then realized that, as a "Christian", you are already going to rot in Hell & History will not be kind to you & yours.
You must go #trumpgate
All faith in the GOP will be lost if you don't get Gorsuch on the Supreme Court
Please dedicate the week to saving our democracy from the Russian Puppet Pres , not doing his bidding #trumpRussia #swampGOP
Merrick Garland.
OMG GO NUCLEAR YOU HAVE OTHER THINGS TO DO U DON'T HAVE TO PLAY W/ DEMS GOP HAS EVERYTHING LEARN TO FIGHT!
For once do what is in the best interest of America before party!  Remember the road blocks you put up with Obama, so don't cry now!
#hypocrite #trumprussia
When will you debate Merrick Garland's nomination, Yertle? #MerrickGarland
just get him confirmed and sworn in this week!  Voters are tired of waiting on slow Senate!!!
Good luck with the ever Toxic @SenSchumer And be prepared for multi-temper tantrums.
Thnx @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein POTUS embroiled n active FBI probe shldn't B mak'g determination as 2 who is going 2B the confirmed nom.
use nuclear option change ruled
what a waste of taxpayer dollars.
You sure you want to do that? It might take time away from screwing poor & middle class.
Like you allowed debate of Garland.  You are a hypocrite.
MERRICK GARLAND
We'd all prefer is you would dedicate it to saving our democracy you hypocrite
Let's do it!
@KellySuire @GorsuchFacts waste of time and taxpayer $ DO NUCLEAR OPTION ALREADY THEN GET TO WORK ON YOUR 8 DAYS THIS MONTH
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Time 4 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP to put Country & Voters over party. Stop supporting Trump/Bannon paranoia or Lose Seats & ruin your careers
Lol
Do all the damage you can but come on 2018
Lincoln: You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
The people want Gorsuch in. If that doesn't happen, the people may vote MANY out. #consideration #jsyk #fedupAmericans #voicesfound
No #SCOTUS nominee approvals until after the impeachmemt.
Why don't you spend some time investigating @potus Russia ties, his constant making $$ off the nation, and his family being in positions WH
We're planning to have you voted out. You don't belong in the Senate. You're playing the same games you're accusing #Dems of playing.
just change rules dems will never change stop wasting time call for cloture asap
#MerrickGarland 
#StolenSeat
.@SenRubioPress No cloture/ nuclear option.  We know the facts and we vote. #nogorsuch #resist #russiagate
TRUMP CANNOT APPOINT A JUSTICE! A president under investigation for collusion with Russia?! No! No nominee now!
You are a hypocrite and a liar.
Your the sole reason for this situation. Boomerang 2016.
I'm Independent, those other guys should do the same to you guys that you did to their #SCOTUS nom. What's fair for you is fair for them.
I wonder how much you know about trump and Russia @NewYorkFBI hidden money McConnell
Do not dedicate anything to these Democrats.  Press on and do what it takes to get our job done.  They brought it upon themselves.
What happen to Garland .Change the Rules is going to BITE your Party really Hard next time . Go ahead put the Last nail on GOP Cross
What a charade!  You guys will do exactly what YOU want to do.  Don't try to hide behind patriotism. Republicans have none
Many Americans are fine with Judge Gorsuch on the Supreme Court. This will backfire for the Dems with voters. Sick of partisanship!
Robust debate? What's wrong with you?  Vote for him & get it over. You people need to get some decent work habits. Working 8 days in April?
Are you going to mention what was an effective filibuster by not even the courtesy of a hearing of Garland?  You are a fraud and thief.
this seat belongs to Garland #GorsuchFacts
Teaching young family members about politics. Show them your actions & remarks as examples of hypocrisy & partisanship versus statesmanship.
Robust debate my rear end if he loses you lose that simple.
oh mitch...the only thing robust you bring about is a south wind with an underwear filter. Isn't it past your bedtime old guy?
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts CAN'T you wait on this until the WH is not under INVESTIGATION? It's the right thing to do.
Like you did for Garland last year? You are the Hypocrite in Chief of this administration.
Are the Koch Brothers paying you by the word or by the hour for all the lies?
#Garlandfacts
Need to do some arm twisting. Of course if u don't use the "nuclear option" at some point in future DEMs will do it anyway I suspect.
Traitor!
You are making The Senate into The House. Future SCOTUS justices will look like Trump's cabinet. Unqualified wealthy donors.
Once GOP goes Nuclear we'll confirm next 2 SCOTUS noms with No Help from Dems LOL #Idiots. Conservative SCOTUS for rest of your lives LOL!
...and trying to avoid all mentions of Garland
Why didn't you give the same to Garland, Hypocrite.
Do you realize Trump has accomplished more then the entire Congress has in the past 8 years? Do your job! You ran on the promise. #Honor
And zero to your own complicity in enabling this corrupt, Russian-compromised administration, of course. #TurtleBoy
But it was ok for obama Russian compromised administration? Did you read or watch new AT ALL in bos 8 years? bo LET Russia invade Ukraine
gave them URANIUM, and probably gave them the weapons to take Crimea and Ukraine. No Russia ties there!
Profiteering hypocrite. Kentucky! Rid us of this political hack!
Awesome you are going to debate Merrick Garland? I knew you were not a total Ass hat
I assume you are willing to destroy the Senate. #Gridlock continues. #Pathetic @Morning_Joe @WSJ @politico
Cheers to a conservative court, that stands for the rule of law, for the next few decades
If only you'd bothered to do the same for Merrick Garland...
Why debate? We already heard enough winning from the democratz

How about dedicating the time to Trump's ties to Russia?

YOU need to get deputies in both @TheJusticeDept  and @FBI  approved fast,  no justice as long as Obama hold overs still in place
Please confirm Neil gorsuch
You are one swampy 
As ye sow, so shall ye reap.
What time will #MerrickGarland's hearing be?
@SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP so busy fighting 2 Democrats, while trump commits crimes and violation 2our Country. Did bannon witchcraft all of U?
#GoNuclear #confirmgorsuch
Maybe we should see if we have a legitimate POTUS first! #stolenscotusseat
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump and 
WE THE PEOPLE ,ARE COUNTING ON YOU TO LEAD THE SENATE IN VOTING
GET THEM IN LINE
Debate implies there's a winner and loser, no common ground. Why don't you compromise. You'll get more done.
Good luck with that Sen McConnell. Tic, toc
Nothing else to do?
We know what you're up to
The #GOP denying a vote for #MerrickGarland is a #filibuster by another name.
