#ITMFA
Republicans poisoned the well and now have no idea how to replace it. Kentuckian will die.
As a life long Republican, I must say Congressional Republicans could not stop Obama and will not help Trump. WHAT GOOD ARE they?
As the President sets fire to the rule of law, Mitch hides in his turtle shell like a coward.
@McConnellPress Stand on the right side of history and do something. #ComeyMemo #TrumpRussia #HistoryIsWatching #DoTheRightThing
PASS A HEALTH CARE BILL THAT ALLOWS FREEDOM FOR US,NOT THE INSURANCE  CO.
You are a traitor

Nothing wrong with Obamacare but definitely got a whole lotta wrong with Trump and Russian Collusion and obstruction
...@realDonaldTrump leaks being put out. Ur party is toast come 2018. the only thing u have backed him on Gorsuch n WE all know why. So,...
Good-bye!
The real criminals

Senator, can u be as stupid as u represent yourself? Trump is endangering our country and u as leader.can't take a cogent position?!.Really?
I think you have a pre existing condition....sorry
You are making heath care worse

Don't blame Obamacare, blame greedy corporate pigs where profit is more important than lives & yourselves who take $$$ from this companies.
...@realDonaldTrump get 2comfy. U havent really seen us in action when it comes 2trashing r Pres. So,get ready 4war @ the voting booth 2018

SHIFT FOCUS, get some balls+put #COUNTRYB4PARTY ; #AHCA is evil+ less popular than #TRUMP ; U R COMPLICIT AS #45 brings the USA DOWN #SHAME
you. Truly. Are. Dense.
You need to stand up and get Trump under control!

You know you and Paul Ryan must stand up and take a stand against Trump.
Make yr service count.  I will work to defeat your reelection!!!
Is any part of your agenda making sure we don't giveaway classified intel and ruin relationships with our allies? #partyovercountry
McConnell passing the buck after he and his pals funded OCare for years.
QUIT TRYING TO SCREW US OUT OF INSURANCE AND QUIT AIDING TRUMP! DO SOMETHING ABOUT HIM!
Stop worrying about OBAMACARE, and fucking start your impeachment procedures!!
Any comments on Trump giving classified info to Russians and trying to obstruct justice? Not important to you?
Are you so focused on insurance that you have no time to address the behavior of the President? Leaking intelligence, Obstruction of Justice
At least Obama tried to get something going!  The r's just try to stop people from getting health care they need.  Sad excuse for humanity!
You are a fool!  We can publish the words you used, to try and undue all Obama did for this country!  He was the best Pres ever!
The stupid Ky Governor caused the healthcare to fail!!! It was the best, but now what!  We want what you have or you take what your shoving!
as McConnell crumbles, Americans are left to wish for courageous leaders
GOP's been quiet about 45's leakage.

Oh, BTW...Obamacare wasn't failing.  YOU, however, are.
Any comment, Mitch?
To stick by #DonTheCon reeks of desperation, Mitch.
Whats crumbling is your presidents credibility and any semblance of sanity, along with your parties reputation.
Well it is apparent we can't count on you.
When will you cease to be a partisan hack and do the peoples work? GOP should be totally ousted in 2018.
Less Drama from the WH? Is that the extent of your outrage as your sad excuse for a pres tramples the trusted reputation of our country?
You want "less drama?" You asked for it. You're complicit. Only way out is through. IMPEACH 45 ASAP!
Let's not forget, you guys are sabotaging the Affordable Care Act.
We are more concerned about #trumprussia ties!!  Why aren't you?? #iwantmycountryback
McConnell its time to run away from Trump @realDonaldTrump  or the Republican party will be decimated in 2018! DUMP TRUMP!
While #trumpCare fails, @SenateMajLdr puts party before country, leaving Americans to pick up the pieces.
Awesome McConnell , thank you for telling the Truth
The TRUTH is McConnell has taken the record for MOST SPECIAL INTERESTS MONEY RECEIVED including greedy insurance co CEOs...
Praying he changes his life and starts standing up to the Criminals Dems..
Resistance? If you mean OBSTRUCTION well  your buddy MITCH has been writing THAT book for 8 years....
Enough drama. I wish you were concerned for the rest of us as you r for protecting mine owners by using federal money 4 miner's health
Trump's  reckless antics have put your  agenda is in the dumpster!  Proof positive nothing will done unless he's impeached!
Read Divid Brooks article then do something, please!!!!
Last piece of history Ted Kennedy work with breshnev to counter Reagan while Reagan was putting Russian nuts in Vice
Then hours and a day later the news leaked here . Obama caught hot mic with medvedev , I'll have more flexibility after ELECtion
Who leaked the fight with Mexico and Australia? Mexico and Australia , one press secretary gave interview other leaked to their news first
Comb over Trump sharing secrets with Russia like nothing happened?
Your criticism about White House is misplaced the leakers are the leaders he meeting with , I doubt it coming from whitehouse
You are such a #paytoplay a$$hole
Why are you supporting a president that is bringing down our country?
2611 days
2611 days @GOP has been beating this drum
2611 days later we get #Trumpcare & #failure
Employees everywhere else would be fired
Why are you ignoring #TrumpLeaks? Why are you so scared of @potus? When will you put #COUNTRYB4PARTY?
Can't wait for midterms.
Maybe you should stop trying to destroy people, and reform heathcare? I would like you to #DoYourJob.
Traitor
Don't worry Mitch got paid big time buy those insurance CEOs...
Your words are no excuse for increasing suffering in the prosperous nation of the United States by throwing 24 million citizens off of HC.
Why do You not make the insurance ,drug comp ,reduce their prices first? The responsibility lands on the supply not demand , 
GOP is failing
False
Could you please explain WHY #trumpLEAKS 2 #RUSSIA last week are obviously of No Immediate Concern to @GOP? #WeThePeople #RESIST Need 2 Kno
Single payer
That was Kentuckys choice.
