Americans deserve a sane, ethical president. Impeach Trump
Not a single piece of major legislation passed. No repeal/replace of Obamacare.Wall will never be built.Admin being investigated by FBI.
USA 2 be left behind as global renewables markets grow,not coal. Stolen SCOTUS seat,not achievement.Thk Obama for current health of economy.
Healthcare Insurance spike...I wonder how that happened? It's almost like they all got together and...oh!
You want to give your wealthy friends tax cuts.  You and Trump don't care about middle and low income families. GOP MoC &Potus just jokes.
Wow, u are so miserable and mis informed.  Corp tax cuts allow businesses to thrive=jobs=happy ppl. Poor ppl don't create jobs. That's fact
Most of Trump’s tax cuts would go to taxpayers making over $599,300 a year https://qz.com/1066112  via @qz
Sounds like your in a tax bracket that's going to hurt you. 
And your reasoning for reaching this conclusion is?
You're complaining too much. Whatever happens is going to be. Really not much we can do but to cope. Here's perspective #Harvey
I will never complain about Trump enough!  Anyone who retweets Sheriff David Clark is beyond help.
GIVE UP! DOA like Ocare repeal/replace! USA does NOT want tax cuts to rich and corporations so CEO's can profit more! It will NEVER pass!
Wake up Scott!  Learn what corporate tax cuts do for job creation. I'm all abt more $ in mid-America's pockets.  Poor ppl don't create jobs.
Neither does trickle-down economics.  That's been proved time and again.
I wonder if too many of us think too much abt wealthy in our country. Most of them hve built business,which make jobs for us. Work=wealth
And since f-cking when does capitalism = Christianity?  Hmmm?  Why do you all cling to this idea that your somehow gonna be rich one day?
Humble thine self, close your eyes, take a deep breath, and then think about how many times this country has utterly f-cked you over.
This country has never f'd me over. I was born, educated & worked here. Raised & educated my children. My kids are being f'd by school loans
And who do YOU think has paved the way for them to f your kids over loan-wise?  Who gave them all this power to own us for their gain?
1)This a bunch of blah/blah/blah! Those companies that u refer 2 r not dependent on tax cuts 2 create jobs! The ppl of the USA need better
2)than just "jobs". We need opportunity 4 ownership in our work. The ppl who live in the community shld have the ability 2 provide trade
3)opportunities w/o being reliant on wealthy corporate entities 2 provide menial jobs while they enjoy record profits! U never site the law
4)that you're seeking 2 chg. U never use actual#'s 2 demonstrate how this will b good 4 the ppl of the USA. we're the most educated society
5)in history, but u seem 2 think we aren't seeing what you're doing. No! No more tax cuts! Big biz receives the most benefits of our tax !
6)our infrastructure & our workforce r what enables them 2 exist! They shld pay their fair share of the taxes that make infrastructure poss!
7)if it's something that will truly benefit US; give US the details/specific laws etc! We need demonstrated examples w/specific real #'s!
8)tax reform that cuts revenues at this time is ridiculous! Trump's very expensive! The USA govt hasn't had a balanced budget & it's getting
The 3 faces of treason!
I probably hate Trump and what he stands for more than the rest. But it's a very close race.
Please don't sweep everything else's under the rug!! The Republican Party has lost its soul!!
America deserves better than you! NEW CONGRESS ION @GOP LEADERSHIP STAT!

OK, Mitch, but no tax cuts for the well-off, big corps. and inheritances. And, Trump must show his federal tax forms he filed since 1974.
We are expecting some legislation to help DACA soon right?
Quit being part of the problem!
Americans deserve everything President Trump is fighting for
@Robbsal , oh my. You are lucky enough to own a home as well as have health care. Many people are not that privileged.

Good then you're going to pass the #RaiseAct You've got 7 offices to get it done! If I had ONE office and failed I'd be #Ashamed
Lots of yada, yada, yada! No sense of urgency!
We don't like you. Either you start taking orders from @DrRandPaul, or we will take ur seat.
Yes we do. So get on it and get it passed. Quit jerking our chains and work with the President.
@SenateMajLdr restore our faith by taxing the 1% and #JoelOsteen  accordingly.

Your tax reform will only benefit the rich who should be paying more not less taxes. We have no money for infrastructure or healthcare!
Which families?  The millionaire families?
Reading this thread makes me wonder if these ppl watch business news. Corp tax cuts=jobs=$ in ppl pockets. People! Take a business class!
Notice u have 2x the comments as u do likes? Ur "Leader McConnell" is oxymoronic like jumbo shrimp. U couldn't lead out of a wet paperbag
U could have passed reform months ago but ur an establishment RINO pig drunk on power, couldn't even repeal Obamacare, no one believes u
Do you have your legal team yet for the Russia investigation? Because you're going to need one. #QuidProQuo #RUcampaignMoney #complicit
less talk; more do. You have yet to act on existing legislation.
Start a #WeWillWork with #TRUMP Put your personal feelings aside and pass his agenda! We voted for & #LOVE @RealDonaldTrump #MAGA #USA #cnn
Okay, take out the parts where the richest get HUGE tax breaks and spread those tax breaks to the middle and under to help the economy!
Help the economy? With unemployment at around 4% & wallstreet breaking records....This is about tax breaks for the rich, period.
@SpeakerRyan @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOPLeader @GOPSenFinance
Meanwhile, real Senate Majority Leader, McCain, was in Italy bashing America, our Constitution, and the POUTS. WHY is this being allowed?
If you guys know whats best for you you better get on board the Trump train and fast
Talk is cheap. @KazmierskiR @AD_WHITMAN @siesienna @scottt1984 @mmasonesq @Non_MSM_News
Sorry Mitch! Giving tax cuts to the wealthy does not benefit the middle class. Who are you trying to kid?
https://www.facebook.com/sonny.guy/posts/1441079072636521 …
Then get it done Senator McConnell quit jacking around
How many TRUMP bills & appointments are SITTING and WAITING for you to pass for Americans? Your NOT helping your OBSTRUCTING.

Well, you need to DO IT, Mitch !!!!! #AllTalkNoAction

Americans deserve people that represent their interests, not the Oligarchy.
#SelfServatives
#BananaRepublicans
#KochPuppets
#Resistance

Instead of giving 60 percent of new tax cuts to the richest Americans, we should expand the EITC to make up for decades of wage stagnation. 
Conservatives need you, and your RINO Ilk out of office so we can actually get something done with real Senators that work.
Please do what you say! Reform taxes, build the wall, repeal Obamacare, support Trump's agenda because the people voted for it!
Senate Repubs under your leadership are "0 for". Failed to repeal ACA, defund Planned Parenthood, build the wall, repeal DACA. Taxes next?
Not a good time for this. Hurricane has added to the USA's needs.
believe it when you pass it. you would be fired if we could
What frustrates the voters senator, is congress constantly talks the talk, but rarely walk the walk. We are waiting. Best wishes.
Kentuckians deserve a Senator that represents them, doesnt lie to get elected. Doesnt offer excuses. Pass Trump's agenda or lose your job.
We deserve a Republican Harry Reid! Kill the ACA and deliver what you promised! Harry did!
This is damning, Mitch. Maybe we need to hear about your other sources of funding as well?

Americans are tired of congress blocking Pres. Trump's efforts to better Americans.  Back him or we will vote you out.
Then get off ur lazy butt and high horse and do something. Never seen such a do nothing org like GOP Senate! #DitchMitch #63MillionStrong
And you're going to prison anyway, Comrade Money Launderer.
BS......this is all about Mitchies billionaire buddies. He doesn't give a rat's a*s about the middle class.
Get on the ball. Sept 5 get rainy day fund for Texas. Trump got there 2x as u vacationed
Screw you and yours, McConnell.
Trump and Pence Great leaders if we could just get house and Senate off their backsides we would all benefit MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Resign. You OWN Trump and the insanity that has this nation in its grips. Or is it your goal to destroy this nation?

Americans deserve a legitimate competent president, turtle!
DO NOT bring a vote on the floor to support DREAMers. Dont you dare put immigrants illegal or not, over American horn citizens, or we REVOLT
This proposed tax cut for "small businesses is called the "Trump Loophole" because it will benefit Trump Org. https://americansfortaxfairness.org/trump-loophole-key-facts-trumps-fake-small-business-tax-cut/ …
https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns …
Let's make Black Guy a one-term President.
How'd that work out racist?
Ended screwing the Repubs instead.
Can't control your own monster.
You're a failure in Washington, can't lead.
Go back to your high unemployment and opioid epidemic.
Have you ever cared about Kentucky?
Americans deserved not to be ripped off by @WellsFargo. Your board member wife paid $1,200,000 while all the fraud was occurring.

I'm laying this forecast down with a timestamp.

Barack Obama will go down in history next to Abraham Lincolm and George Washington.
Tax cuts for oligarchs and their enterprises -- what's not said here is what's happening. Anybody not see that?
And you and your cronies deserved all that Russian money?
We need tax reform, overhaul, simple tax, flat tax - NOT a cut in taxes only.
The democrats in Congress can resign or we will vote them out.
Nothing about Harvey? Obsessed with getting the wealthy that tax break. Sick.
The people want you & Paul Ryan to get off your asses and support Pres Trump & his agenda to help USA people. Get w/t program
You haven't done anything in the last 8 years. More bullshit being fed to Americans or do you actually mean it this time?
Mitch polls say you are the most hated man in America because you didn't repeal Obamacare
@McConnellPress bad 4 the people, our crumbling infrastructure & future generations! Good 4 special interest, CEOs & 1%! U lie
Americans deserve a GOP to keep promises made to us DONE. Trumps agenda is what we voted for & expect you to implement it thru Congress
Yes we need tax reform, but this Congress has not done anything positive for the people. Why should we believe you now?
If monopoly capital is allowed to grow wild we'll end up in a world where a few corporate bosses owns everything + a world full of employees
It is time you retire and let someone who cares about people (instead of just money) represent Kentucky.
You are leading the country to chaos and revolution. In your efforts to become richer you will loose it all. Impeach the gangster in the WH
All you want is more money for the rich and fewer services for the rest of us. There is a limit to how much you can squeeze the middle class
Word on the street is it won't get passed? Will you fail the country?
Ok sow you are saying you will back up the hard working people but Ryan won't this time.Obama care is crap you helped it last.by by
You RINO'S can't get your shit together.  It's like watching 50 guys trying to hump a football.  You're collectively worthless.
You have to have started something to continue it. What have you done besides obstruct Obama and hide your head in the sand re; Trump?
McConnell is same as Ryan: Washed up swamp monster. Retire before golden parachute disappears.
Paul Ryan is a washed up swamp monster.  He has ruined his chance of ever doing more damage than he already has. Can't even win WI.
What are you cutting?
Payment of taxes for the common good is a privilege of citizenship.Those who shirk their duty to pay tax have no claim to the word patriot.
You are a liar and a snake just like Trump. He is already blasting you for not getting his tax bill passed.  Back to work on Tues-have fun!
@POTUS USA deserves better US Congress & a PREZ with IQ higher than a chimp's. NO Repub cares about average US Citizen, just UR own pockets
The only problem is you won't be able to get it through the Senate so don't act like you care senator we know you can't lead your party.
Trump will undermine your tax scam at the last minute

Such a sorry GOP mess.  You guys obstruxted for years.  Now you can't pass any decent legislation. Sad
You mean tax cuts for wealthy families, large corporations. Why don't you just quit trying to lie to us? We aren't that stupid, Mitch.
If you all would stop trying to ruin Trump and think about WE THE PEOPLE would be nice!
Lifelong conservative, hating GOP-Your the worst kind of leader/manager! No guts, procrastinates, makes your problems everybody's #GetToWork
Sadly you are not.
buy yourself a chin
americans deser leaders that care about everyone, not just the top 1 percent you turtle face abomination...and while your at it, go
Americans deserve better than the racist republican party that now wants to give the rich tax cuts on the backs of middle-class. Shame.
How about raising taxes on the rich? Taxes have to be paid by someone. Are you against paying or military? They get paid through taxation.
How much do you make? Do you get taxed the same as someone trying to raise a family on minimum wages? McConnell I'm calling you out.
This year Senator or you can say goodbuy to your cushy job.
You say we "deserve" tax reform?  Just like we "deserve" Ovomitcare?  You have NOT KEPT YOUR PROMISES!  RINO!
? WELL GETTER DONE? AMERICAN'S WILL LOVE YOU FOR FINALLY DOING SOMETHING FOR US?
You should have focused on this instead of your stupid and harmful sideshows from the beginning. But I doubt you can pass ANY legislation.
Dear Leader, as a loyal tax payer on social security I wish u would put ur mouth where ur money is. Pass legislation please!
What exactly is Congress doing to help the economy?  Please share the details of what you have done. @OANN PS. Your approval lower than MSM
Yeah, sure.  You'll do tax reform just like all the other things you promised and NEVER DID!  YOU RINO! #RINOMitchMcConnell
Impeach
In a plutocracy only the top 1% get tax breaks.  Corporations currently overwhelm small biz.  Start there => Fair Tax.
Blah blah blah. You mean the 1% families
People do not understand, a corp tax cut opens up more jobs for middle class!  Must explain better!  They just think for rich to get richer.
http://www.salon.com/2017/08/31/republicans-want-to-use-disaster-funds-to-pay-for-trumps-mexico-border-wall/#.WaguBth3nWk.twitter … Many articles breaking about this I hope people will wake up as to how low you will go LIAR traitor enabler RESIGN
Now get it done
I hope you will be transparent thru the process. Callling out those that want favors to sign on. #gettowork
We also deserve clean and safe drinking water and air, preservation of our open space - all of our national parks.
Tax cuts and loopholes for billionaires coming soon. What would you expect from Goldmann Sacs? @POTUS @SenateGOP #drainSewer @DRUDGE_REPORT
But it only benifits Corp America &  the rich, once again, us middle/lower class peasants get screwed.  Y do u hate the average Amer so much
And not big #Corporate companies or #onepercent
Looks like a break for the rich. We need to see what's in bill. Don't trust u after healthcare  where u tried to screw us. Why different
Hey @SenateMajLdr tweeting your next failed attempt at making America great again! New leadership required asap for the Republican party.
We'll see how much you care about the neglected Americans & their suffering won't we...So far we've seen just the opposite with #Ocare fail
It's hard to believe anything you say with your track record of lies and schemes.
McConnell. You're a joke.
When are you and your cronies going to pass tax reform? Hypocrite. We need to pull the plug on you. We're fed up with the lies.
Please watch what Trump is doing. He is not an asset for the Rep. and not for America. He does not work with government systems.
I pray you can get something done for USA; Please do something about @POTUS !
Great so make that happen instead of just lowering taxes for all entities except the middle class. Make the pledge to do it here now.
WHAT WE DESERVE IS FOR DACA TO END SO 700 THOUSAND JOBS CAN BE ADDED IMMEDIATELY.....
U will make the rich richer and screw everyone else.just like gop always dies.

#liesliesandmorelies You and the of the GOP are proposing tax cuts for the rich that will hurt most American families. #YouAreNotHelping
mostly for the very rich rich upper class people like you
blahblahblah! excuses over, get it done or get out of the way
Don't fail us on taxes like yall did on healthcare!!
Repeal

House Republicans looking at cutting almost $1 billion from disaster accounts to help finance Trump border wall: http://apne.ws/mIcJW2P 
America deserved the repeal of Obama Care also!! Don't screw this one up @realDonaldTrump the voters and Presidents supporters are watching!
The plan you have does none of that. Stop lying to the American people to placate your biggest donors.
Go to the 51 count vote Mitch McConnell! Conspiracy. Reps hate Trump, fall on knife, Dems take control and impeach Trump. Country N turmoil

But first, here's a gift from governors who understand governing. You should take it. You too @SpeakerRyan
it looks like you misspelled rich people
Sure hope you do a better job with taxes then you did with healthcare. STOP CAVING TO DEMOCRATS!
We deserve a sane president who cares more about Americans than about his bloated ego. Impeach #45 before he totally destroys our country.
If you feel this way then PASS tax reform and repeal & replace Obamacare. Stop talking and DO IT!
Have you resigned yet, oh that's right you're on vacation from all the exhausting work you are doing for the countryResign you 
Then get off your backside and make it happen....for once do your job!
Your going down with him at this point. Just give up. 
DING! - YOU'RE DONE!
