Just like Price
YOU MEAN YOUR WEALTHY PALS AND YOURSELF, DON'T YA?
I see you have been listening to a moron telling you that this tax cut will benefit real Americans. #Resign #nationalembarrassment
ANOTHER TAX CUT THAT BENEFITS THE RICH AND ACTUALLY RAISES TAXES ON THE POOR?? SHAME ON YOU!
After PR Tweets you must call for his resignation!
Muppet Mitch, we're all on to you. We won't be fooled.
Let's see if you DO what you say this time?
McConnell, you have one more chance to get something done. Otherwise you are out. We want tax reform & healthcare now! Support Trump!
You mean take services away from citizens and give billions to the rich. You're so full of crap. How much lobby money have you hoarded?
Why does Trump continue to taunt NK? Trump wants a war: Russia, ego and and to be a war time president.  His motives are suspect,  impeach!!
We don't believe U. Americans know you lie, U R in bed with NRA #resign #corruption
What the hell is that you say, fixate on giving away more to the rich and corps, while taxing the middle class more. Yeah, that's it.
You mean into your and the 1% pocket
Start with the $$$$ that the NRA gives to you, Mitch. @SenateMajLdr
In pockets of rich, you mean! This bill only helps corporations and rich. Keep inheritance tax! Trump to get richer?
Are you letting us have your lobbyist's?
Spineless GOP cowards offered only prayers post #sandyhook, so we'll forever wake to news of gun deaths from domestic terrorists. 

How much will our deficit grow if the growth does not grow at the rate you say? What will the deficit look like if growth remains the same? You don’t even believe that a balance budget will happen so why say it?
Shame on the GOP for not funding CHIP/Health Clinics. You are all complicit in harming/killing children!
In the pockets of the corporations and the top 1% you mean?
You are an uncaring liar, so beholden to yr rich paymasters that you r incapable of advocating 4 working pple.We see thru u. #taxtherich

NEW: Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $1 million from billionaire who made a large portion of his money under Putin in Russia-in March, 2017 
It's an insult 2 the intelligence of any American when lowlife politicians state"how r we going 2 pay 4 tax cuts."Curb ur reckless spending.
Stop with the BS, it's a cut for the top 1% while screwing the rest of us. Fuck your cooperate donors & look out for the average person!
How about get CHIP extended as this is last day
All JOKES  A SIDE  from other post below;
As a Republican, I and  many more Republicans  really want to know...Who Do You Really Work For?
IF you made billionaires and corporations pay their fair share, regular Americans would already pay less. Work on that.
Ditch Mitch! You are a embarrassment to the nation. The only thing you can get passed is your fake support for the POTUS.
Where have you been for the last 30yrs. I know filling your own pockets.
Yes but which Americans is the question
More like take it from the middle class and give it to the wealthy. The rich get richer...
I agree...a 10% cut in Congressional salaries, no retirement or healthcare plans & give it all to VETS
LIAR
Who owns u Mitch, Soros? Failure of Senate makes it appear as such. @realDonaldTrump
Let's start by taking away all taxpayer funded congressional healthcare.  You get what we get.
Ditch Mitch! Start there.
We don't want your tax reform which only puts money in the top 1% .
Yes, the pockets of very very rich Americans. It's the same old #TrickleDown #Voodooeconomics that have failed the middle class for years.
No one believes anything you say, much less do! It's not harder than you think, even schumer can keep his flock from straying! Gutless!
TAX BREAK FOR THE RICH!
Hah. The people that this tax scheme benefits have been draining money out of Washington since 1980.
there are other americans then the top 1% ,you know

Liar!
Need to see Trumps taxes so we can be sure he won't benefit. He's got a bit of an credibility problem if you weren't aware.
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr Your version of #TaxReform = Austerity for us and private jets for you and your cronies.
Trump and the billionaire will save billions with this tax bill. Why you doing this to your people?
So do that, instead of giving wealthy corporations and filthy rich people most of the tax cuts.
HAHA. Alex, I will take, "Who in the Trump administration spent over a MILLION dollars chartering private planes in 2017?" for $1,000 please
That would be lovely @SenateMajLdr Unfortunately this is a lie-what little we know takes $ from the vulnerable & gives breaks to the rich.
Which Americans? The top 1% or the bottom, say, 60%?
#NotOnePenny on @GOP's fake #TaxReform. Ppl we must #FlipCongress for our livelihood! @GDouglasJones @IronStache @TomPerez @amjoyshow @CNN
In the pockets of the 1%
Talk to Tom Price please!
And by “Americans” you mean the top 1%. #bullshittrickledowneconomics
spy sharp 251! fking corrupted system
Yeah right!!
