As you sell out our democracy to Putin & The Koch Bros. You bring shame & destruction to the US. #UnAmerican #greedy #complicit #corruptGOP
 Everyone?!? Even the 22 million you want to kick off health insurance to pay for a $600,000,000,000 tax cut for billionaires?!? 
For how long , what language should we learn to speak Chinese or Russian . Fleck less leader step down
Traitor.

I took this picture, believe me!

Bernie Sanders holds highest approval rating at home, Mitch McConnell is dead last http://ift.tt/2ufOeZ7 
You sold our country to the Russians #Traitor
July 8th 241 years ago was the first reading of the DOI and as today 1/3 did the  fighting, 1/3 walked the fence, 1/3 were criminals like U!
Waiting for the day we regain our Independence from Russia. #ThanksKompromatMcConnell
Office of government ethics "the White House has no ethics"
"It's time to remind EVERYONE that it was MITCH MCCONNELL who said NO to letting public know about Russia BEFORE election".
Unfortunately as a Republican all I see is the GOP handing America over to Putin.  Why would you sell your country out.
Are you all rested after your break? Reenergized & ready to kill millions of Americans with deep tax cuts for the wealthy? Ah, Monday!
You are never going to recover from this treason sir.  The GOP has bought & SOLD Americas democracy.
BREAKING: Russia's foreign minister says Trump and Putin discussed cybersecurity and agreed to set up a joint group to address it.
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky,@GOP #MajorityLeader,resisted, questioning intelligence,agreed to not mention Russians.
fail! Because you're good at it, shut down the government appeal Obamacare 60 times now no plan, racist losers

I really hope you did not celebrate the 4th of July.  That day is for real Americans, not for Americans trying to rip off other Americans.
Annotating the White House spin on health care
Your hypocrisy is showing, better zip it before your voters FINALLY figure it out!


Among states, #Kentucky has the 5th-highest share of expansion enrollees as a percent of total #Medicaid enrollees
http://kaiserf.am/2uzFECn  

Don't get hurt cause @GOP healthcare plan will be taking away your insurance!
You know nothing of the 4th. If you did you would be working your ass off for us. Repealing ocare and enacting the fairtax. Two easy fixes.
Such a hypocrite.Do you understand that according to the constitution, you should be putting sanctions on Russia for disrupting our election

Putin is ordering cyberattacks on US power plants. 

Meanwhile, Trump is setting up a cybersecurity working group... WITH PUTIN. 
Nobody cares about you having wished them a happy Fourth of July Mitch people want to see you do your job
You're trying to kill us with shitty #trumpcare. You mean, "Happy Go Forth And Die" while you terrorize us with appalling polices

Marine veteran Will Fischer to @potus: Pack your bags, get on Air Force One, get your ass back home, and resign. Today. #MAGA 
don't pretend you value our democracy with what U are letting happen with this President, using the office for personal gain, Pathetic
I believe you mean this but make your actions match your convictions.  Taxing the top 2%ers, they would not even notice the loss.
Why are you allowing the Russian traitor to continue to occupy the WH? Why are you not speaking up when he puts down our Intel Agencies?

Me too. Happy 4th celebrate with a 5th or some champagne pop cycles!



In need of healthcare


Mitch McConnell is the biggest threat to our democracy and YOU
Sorry, but couldn't say the same for you hard as I tried
Taking another vacation Mitch.No town halls,not meeting with the people who gave you access to power.They can given his and they will takers
Thank you Senate McConnell! I hope you had a great one alsoLLL
A dignified president should be representing OUR UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  to the world  You are not doing your job, get on with it.
Finally found something less popular than BCRA - Chris Christie in beachwear.
...hollow wish considering what you and the rest of your right wing cronies want to do to us "po' folk"

There it is https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/05/business/media/jeffrey-zucker-cnn-trump.html … 
You screamed gaming the system to get SCOTUS was your "proudest moment."This is your greatest shame. Silencing gov't on Russia gave US Trump
You don't care about the USA and all we stand for...you are the lowest of the low. You have sold your soul to the corporate world. Shame.
You're a power hungry small man. You empowered Trump and Ryan. You have a clown w/Nuclear codes. U got SCOTUS & Told Obama to screw himself.
...and we got N. Korea/intercontinental missile w/Trump at helm. He Tweeted!! FU-healthcare & Tax cuts mean nothing in Nuclear War.Happy?
Still proud of yourself for blocking public from learning extent of Russia interference; U said you would scream foul-You got SCOTUS...
Hope you enjoy your gov.assist healthcare you got when you where young.Since u want to take it away from future young kids who may need help
... but, of course, not a HEALTHY one. Take your health care bill that 12% of Americans support to the dump.
It'll be happy only when people get smart enough to throw you out of office for betraying your oath of office and the country. Shame, shame.
When Republican's massive efforts on healthcare (when u own all branches of gov) continue to be a colossal failure, post videos of fireworks
Please, full repeal as you promised!!
We would if there weren't so many treasonous Republicans in our nation right now.
Gee thanks!  We need to be safe 'cause we'll be on our own if we get hurt.
Medicaid covers 74 million Americans, low-income people, families, kids,  pregnant  women, people with disabilities, the elderly. Happy 4th!
Don't get hurt!! Your medical care probably is not covered by the new healthcare amendment Mitch wants to pass...
Here are your options:  1) start from scratch, have healthcare hearings, drop the tax cut, bipartisan debate,    2) resign
Hey Turtle Lips! Taking healthcare from 22Million Americans, seems pretty patriotic! P.s. Did a firecracker go off in your mouth?

We plan to take away your healthcare! Enjoy the Fourth!
Well I can't believe you actually stuck your head out of your shell to see what was going on old man...
#impeach45
President Johnson signing civil rights act " democrats will never carry south". Current HCA republicans will never be in the majority again.
You are a liar!
Go deep-throat a roman candle, you turtle-headed waste of oxygen.
Happy July 4 to you too! 
Lord knows we need to be safe with @SenMajLdr working so hard to take away our health insurance. I guess he calls that freedom!
yes, and after this, please do your job to make our new healthcare in time.
No where near #POTUS--that's "safe" for some of us. Thanks.
Wait really? Because you also want to take away health insurance for 22 million Americans so that wouldn't make people very happy or safe...
Free insurance, free treatment for polio, wife has an appointmented job , by a TURD that doesn't respect women.  OH THAT'S YOU
Sir, if the GOP stood firmly for our pres instead of running to the fake news, maybe that would subdue the left a bit! And djts tweets!!!!
Happy 4th turtle
Thank you.Hopefully people won't die because of no healthcare after they have a safe 4th (unless your wish is only to the wealthy)! #NoHeart
The slaves weren't free.
Maybe you could make a video of you wrestlin' the poor & elderly and clubbin' them on the head with a chair.  Your base loves that stuff.
By everyone, you meant to exclude any of the poor, elderly, or veterans, of course.  I mean, how safe can anyone without healthcare be?
Good idea to drop millions from healthcare just before Trump starts WW3 with China -- big savings for the US!!
Nice fake sentiment, you partisan bully. Do you think the citizens don't see through such attempts at seeming to care about us? You're vile.
We reject ur evil plan to kill Americans and destroy us financially. #MedicareForAll #HealthcareBill #TaxTheRich
@McConnellPress Standing behind a mentally ill, incompetent,ILLEGITIMATE president will certainly cost you your integrity&job!
You & @PRyan allow tragedy of corrupt @potus leading precious republic despite Founders' warnings. #emoluments
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN 
Merrick Garland
Go home Mitch....you don't care about your constituents or Am..trickle down economics only $ floats to ur big $ friends
like you give a shit.
You are the bottom of the barrel of humanity. 
Here's hoping those you force off aca come looking for you.
…and that they lose their health insurance soon.
NO CUTS 2 Medicaid. No coverage caps or limits. Throwing the disabled out of your office was absolutely unChristian & utterly disgusting.
Wishing you lose your healthcare...
Sir it would have meant more if you had added a " healthy" #fourth of July.
while you try to kill us by removing chance of affordable healthcare
your legacy will be one of a detractor, a crook, someone who refused to do his job for 8 yrs, defied the Constitution...a liar & a traitor
mitch mcconnell refused to tell Americans about the Russian interference last fall....get rid of him! he is a traitor!
"Except the 22 Million I'm trying to strip their healthcare from"  Right?! Come on, we know suffering gives you a boner, Mitch…
Awesomeness
It would be much happier 4th if you were not taking away healthcare from so many Americans.  They would be so  much "safer"!  #asshole

Let's hope no one has a fireworks accident tonight. Tomorrow, thanks to Leader McConnell, no health insurance.
#25thAmendmentNow

Omg not 1 single tweet of support. At least Trump gets some love. Wow people must really hate you!

Paul Ryan & McConnell need to fight for  Trump and we the people's voice. No longer silent & forgotten. We can always rally around ?person
Kate's law, santurary city law comes up for a vote in Senate.Doomed to fail unless YOU are up to calling simple majority vote.R U right guy?
Silence is consent
You are no patriot-
WHAT?  UR health bill is the opposite of SAFE! Will take health insurance from 23 MILLION -make them unsafe. & ur bill cruel 2 bone
.@RepDaveBrat UR Public 
T. Halls would B civil if U didn't hold in where U threaten 2 kick out who disagree w/ UR cruel health bill
Happy 4th Senator!
Get something done on health care.  MAGA  Get the renegades in line.  Rand @RandPaul is not the leader of the US or President  Dammit man!

Never forget McConnell has taken Millions NOT to negotiate drug prices the 1st step in providing quality healthcare
Washington warned hyperpartniship would lead to dictator & the end of democracy that will be your legacy
Thank you. May God bless you and your countrymen. I believe He is on your side America.
If you really cared you would scrap your deathcare bill
Don't go overboard old man.
Bluexit from corrupt McConnell, Trump!!!peaceful exit instead of coming civil war
Bluexit from McConnell that takes millions Not to negotiate drug prices caused the hyperpartism that Washington warned about
WTF, after you try to steal our healthcare, you send us good wishes? What a two faced liar.
Better wish it quick before you are kicked out of office.
#NoDeathCare
Because you care? Or because you don't want to pay for their health care?
Happy 4th . Mitch hopes by next year millions will have no healthcare and be working at trump hotels for the new min wage of $2
Is this supposed to make everything you are doing okay?  NO on your AHCA/BCRA bill. NO on your tax reform for the rich! NO on supporting DT!
Shame on you!
It would be a happy one if you would get your job done.

No, Mr. @SenateMajLdr, you do NOT get to say that since you SOLD OUT AMERICA for a tax cut, you dirty traitor!
Wishing everyone a happy and safe #FourthOfJuly  
Thank you!!!!  Don't forget to repeal/replace Obamacare!!!!!
TY. God bless you and yours.
Your self centered to use the heading leader mcconnell get a life
Get back to work fix ACA work with democrats time to do what our founding fathers wanted. We the pros not we the rfich . Happy 4th to you.
You have no soul, Mitch.
We'll all be much safer if you keep the ACA intact.
McConnell, hope your planning on 51
How do #Americans celebrate July 4th with a #POTUS who makes a mockery of the presidency and our Constitution, country, freedoms and values?
Happy & safe means to have affordable medical care for ourselves & our families. Congressional leaders that we can trust. Is this you Mitch?
U r one of the people r founding fathers worried about. A weak human who cares more about power & ego than the US & its people. SAD!
I rather have an available health plan
The worst ever as you sell the country down the river by supporting a mentally ill lunatic. #Shameful #sad #countrybeforeparty
Hey Mc Connell, you made vanity fairs PROFILES IN COWARDICE article ! Keep on trumping! Happy 4th !
Maybe it will be a 4th of July to celbrate in 2018 when we vote your asses out.
@SpeakerRyan I dare both of you to read this.
Taking away Americans healthcare is the greatest transgression by the GOP.


You need to read this again
Now retire so we can move America forward
You stink as a government leader!!! You have no clue what this day represents!! My FATHER HAS BEEN THERE, HE AND OTHER SOLDIERS KNOW!!
Don't want this GOP bill. Better come up with something else. 13 old men deciding my healthcare is unacceptable. USA deserves affordable H/C
Safety is what we DON'T have with you in office ready to strip away our #healthcare. Don't play w/fireworks folks. It'll be pre-existing!
We'd be much safer without a madman in the White House
 As you strip freedom, and coverage from all. Way to go #crookedmitch #EpicFail
This 4th of July Lady Liberty Weeps under the vile regime of an unfit unstable ego centric POTUS with a GOP Congress as co-conspirators.
It would be a great #FourthofJuly2017 if we had universal health care!
As you dismantle this country and all it stands for? You are a very sick person.
It will be happier when your health care bill is killed and you are losing control of the Senate and House. Then you nightmares really begin

Love the D-Day Memorial, very moving & built w/ private funding.
Not a happy day!  GOP Senators failed America once again!  Maybe we will replace you so then we can finally Repeal and Replace ACA.
Will you be doing any town halls while you're home? Puuuuulllllease????
Happy 4th!  Now cancel the August recess and get things done. Not just meetings..
#SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid #SavePlannedParenthood #YourYesTodayIsOurNoTomorrow #Resistance #Impeach45
Enjoy your August recess while the People's business goes undone.
