.@SenateMajLdr "...whose lives & families I don't give a single fuck about because I'm God's own left testicle." #Trumprussia #CAREERSUICIDE
McConnell- if you don't go to WH and get in Trumps face about his sharing intel w/ our enemies-then you will be responsible for consequences
God bless our law enforcement people who put their precious lives on the line for us every day.
So let's invite a thug to US and have his henchmen beat protesting citizens & police outside an embassy & the GOP can stay silent.
McCONNELL: is there any limit to your rank hypocrisy? You're a GOP hack and a traitor to our democracy.
And...radio silence on leaks that will endanger American intelligence sources as well as Americans here at home.
#PartyBeforeCountry Comrade
Only to be undercut by a President who gives away our nations secrets, screws our Allies, lies about it and gives me unlimited free bourbon"
GOP better get control of WH or the resistance will - Americans will take matters in their own hands- we will " kick " you OUT !!!
What Russian affiliations do you have? Your no different then Trump. Personal power before country.  Jail them all
Funny. Aren't you the same guy who has REPEATEDLY voted against increasing veteran's benefits?
SUPPORT OUR ELECTED PRESIDENT..STOP THE COUP BY THE LEFT, DEMS., MEDIA,&RINOS. SUPPORT THE PEOPLES VOTE. DO YOU LOVE OUR FORM OF GOVERNMENT?
No Obama picks for FBI! 
You can not be serious What about the intel community who take the same risks but are betrayed by your president Shut up & act #trumpoutnow
And so you refuse to enact sensible gun legislation to help keep them safe.
Then there the 45th president that is unqualified uneducated with the least of intellect to be Commander in Chief who will but then in harm
Looks like @realDonaldTrump and @GOP #trumpDrama aka #TrumpTreason has put the nation in harms way. #Sad #ImpeachTrump
Be on the right side of history for and call for a #SpecialProsecutorNow ! You will be applauded for bravery. Be a PATRIOT. #russiatrump
Do SOMETHING TO STOP TRUMP u limp, flacid, sorry excuse 4 a leader! GOP wanted Hilary in jail 4 her "sensitive emails" this IS WORSE!
Trump supporters are party to his TREASON and voters will remember
Yes they are great but you and your party are nothing but trash and don't deserve defending GET OUT WE ARE TIRED OF YOUR LIES!!!
You must be intelligent but to declare this and excuse Trump, well, are you blind or in on the betrayal?He's not read his job description!
If you cared about their safety you would help investigate @realDonaldTrump's connection with Russia. People's lives are in your hands

.... except when your boy Trump coughs up sensitive intel to his Russian handlers that puts them & allies in danger, right?
You tweeted this twice Mitch. #nervous #complicit
Underfunded @LMPD but millions for Mayor Fischer's donors. 
One block from your KY residence, a violent assault.
A female employee of DiOrio's Pizza & Pub off Bardstown Road was attacked in the parking lot: http://bit.ly/2riTpnp  
Unlike you who will throw America under the bus to advance the republican agenda of greed and corruption.
As a mother of a newly enlisted Marine, I DON'T trust or feel comfortable w @POTUS as commander in chief. He appears unwell & unfit to lead.
I feel for you. I have 4 military age grandchildren & I would feel the same. Having them defend while the commander-in-chief undermines 
And Yer boy #Trump has just endangered others.  What do you have to say?
How long are you going to stand by & allow trump to put our country in harm's way? Will you ever put country before party?
You, leader, should start thinking about protecting people rather than your political self.
God Bless all Law Enforcement Officers and thank you.
.@SenateMajLdr and it won't be good. U r known by literally everyone and we know exactly what u r. That won't go over well in prison.
He thinks Congress is he free Retirement Home. Sick of looking at cadavers in congress who think they can take their money with them.
He makes me sick.
You have put the entire nation in harm's way. Impeach him right now and we may let u cut a deal. Otherwise, prison for u too.
Traitorous Mitch who denied funding to vets
Everyone will remember how you are complicit in @realDonaldTrump's ignorance and crimes more importantly your constituents will remember.

You accuse another politician of being an Washington insider?  Pot, meet kettle
Retire, you Mossy Back Republican
Cant wait to see u and #Orangeman in cuffs....it will happen duck face
No thanks to you, standing back letting obama encourage the criminals to keep attacking police.
God Bless them and my son because leaders like you only value your wealth instead of their worth to their families!
Republicans hate Unions and most police are unionized, you don't like police.
Yes despite the fact that the president betrayed you with our Russian enemy.
Trump shares classified information with Russians   How can you choose Trump over country?
Even when you try to sound sincere you fail.  Nobody believes you care for anyone but yourself.   I ashamed to tell people I'm from KY.
If it were politically expedient you would throw every single cop under the bus in a heartbeat, Senator McConnell. FAKE SENTIMENT
How about you remove trump who is the most clear and present danger to our nation. No? Republicans are complacent. The GOP must go!
YOU are putting the country in harm's way EVERY DAY you allow your party to follow @realDonaldTrump.  #Obamahaters = #Hypocrites.
Impeach Trump!!!
No need to worry about careless emails. POTUS blurts out classified information to foreign agents.
Of course, but the President gave intel to a foreign adversary. I suggest withholding all tweets until this situation is dealt with.
Yes. They protect us. Even you. Are you doing the same for your most vulnerable constituents?
yep, they give their lives & protect our nation. Sadly u put the nation in harms way protecting Trump/Putin & allowing mentally ill buy AR's
No, it is you who put them in Harm's way and you do it for Oil Profit you Traitor! We will get you for Treason and you will pay the Penalty!
Just look at what you've allowed Trump to get away with by supporting the Russians. You are no better than the dirty Russian Leader you Dog!
How bout asking (ordering would B better) Mr. Trump or have his campaign organization 2 pay D police bills sent N 4 security durN D campaign
Can I have your pencils? Don't think they let you have sharp things in prison...
Only to be handed over to Russia.
make sure U tell them when they get that U will toss them off to fend for themselves, since they will be of no use to u anymore. U fake Care

..who will soon be escorting @realDonaldTrump out of his office in handcuffs. Can't wait!!!
Do them a favor and just turn yourself in for corruption and treason for failing your oath of office.
Like the FBI agents investigating your party for collusion with a hostile foreign gov't.
RUSSIA!  RUSSIA!  RUSSIA!
 Independent investigation and special prosecutor NOW
SPECIAL INDEPENDENT NONPARTISAN PROSECUTOR TIME - no excuses!
Merrick Garland
You are an embarrassment.
I wish they didn't protect some of you. I bet they feel horrible having to protect criminals like u. U should be ashamed to even write this.
Even as you show decency, you still wreak of just how bad a human can become after 32 years of fellating the rich and perverting the law.
Who protects us from your corrupt a$$?
Country before party. Do the right thing and help our country out of this mess.
Along with the brave Republican senators who stand up for what's right, & stand against coverups, distractions, &unconstitutional agendas.
You're cutting their budgets aren't you?
I agree but let's train properly & NOT shooting or arresting 1st & asking questions later. Get back to police as FRIENDS of community...
To whom it may concern, I've never met #POTUS, never laundered money for the #Russian mob, nor fired the Director of the FBI.

#timetosing
Want to thank the police who put there lives on the line everyday ? Then do your job to investigate Russia. This is part of justice at work
What really do you care? You allow anyone to get a gun.
Great. Now maybe you will do something about Trump obstructing justice and you ignoring it
not a peep for teacher appreciation week but now this. mcconnell only tweets when it matters to him
#CountryOverParty 
#ImpeachTrump 
#GOP corrupt
#FBI raids GOP campaign company
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
What do you care?  You don't care about anything but party.  So don't give us this crap that you say Thank you.  You are a total joke
Not a single positive comment here for ya, Mitch. Makes ya wonder.  Well, not you,  because you're evil,  but ya know.
Itch and who put them there.   Two face. Go home put your head in a shell and stay there
You're FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS 
"Leader McConnell"   LOL
#PrisonMitch #PrisonMitch #PrisonMitch
You should have took a stand a few years back.  Just sayin.
You're going to jail, #PrisonMitch 
#RICO
#RussianMoneyLaundering
#TrumpRussia
You're going to love Law Enforcement when round up your criminal enterprise of a political party. Remember that.
U thank us by letting Corp Ins, Paul Ryan & dimwit reps victimize us and our families denying decent HC Another Tax Cut or Bail out on us?FU
All of your tweets recently are about military & police. 
Doing this so nobody can condemn you for your gutless moves?
How's that working?
Have you ever considered thanking them in a more meaningful fashion? like, maybe gun control laws that keep guns from the mentally ill?
I think that you should take a page from their book and stand up for this country as they do everyday.
The US is not a police state.  We must not give up our rights for more security.
Please go play in the street. You cause more harm than anyone with a gun. 
#TheResistance
What about the ones that cause us harm to protect themselves
Except for the group that are committed to shooting and killing the unarmed black people among us...
Now go get them a tax cut
Our country is suffering because you are in the senate and care not at all about this country. Don't pretend to care @ police. U r a sham
You can give Law Enforcement and ALL Americans (your employer) the respect we deserve by appointing an #independentProsecutor 
#TrumpRussia
Money has brought u to a bad place. Your behavior will be exposed for what it is...greed over people = GOP
I for one don't think a person should be allowed to run for congress without military service what do u think, Mitch?
Too bad we can't say the same about you.
When will you start becoming a leader instead of an obstructionist whose words constantly divide the country?
Screw you Warhawk buffoon.
Yes, it's nice to know we have those that WILL do their jobs and stand up for what's right....right Mitch?
Wall of Lies is Starting to Crumble. Stand up it's Country Before Party #trumprussia #coverup  http://www.palmerreport.com/politics/report-sealed-indictments-issued-against-donald-trump-paul-manafort-and-michael-flynn/2817/ …
Like you care!
They'll be coming for you soon Mitch.
Can't wait to see you in cuffs!
Aman....cant wait
Considering your party has put more people in harms way than any other,  you have no right to say this!
You don't care about them. Don't lie. You care about yourself. Right now you're on the wrong side of history. 
When did Shumer become Majority leader .? Hmm
Unlike you- complicit corrupt liar
