-you're not really a leader now are you? You follow the so called President like a puppy.Grow a backbone!
except for the fact she knows nothing about, oh you know.....schools....
you're a disgrace for suppressing Send Warren at Session's hearing. And Ms. DeVos is totally unqualified.
hahahaha!! Said the white rich guy who went to private school. You are a failure.

The overwhelming majority of Kentucky kids MUST to go public schools. Private IS NOT AN OPTION.
we love our public schools- how about educate Betsy on them as well as the STEM
Basically buy a position. What have YOU done for poor kids? #stats
is WRONG for KY, where charter schools are not allowed and rural private schools are shams. But you don't care.
The most unqualified of 'em all. R U proud that VP had to cast vote cuz she cud not win on her merits?
We are going to make sure you never win again
How? The Dems will be finished in 2018..You guys are being so petty!....Save the fight..
My grand so is a disabled student .He now does not get to go to school so you can skip it
I am in the same boat as you and I am so sorry for our children.@BetsyDeVos is an aberration
No shame .She bought the GOP
yes and has no idea of what our children need and doesn't really even care.
No she does not
What kind of crack do you smoke?
Obviously you therefore don't care about public education.
MAKE AMERICA STUPID AGAIN
#soafraidofTrump
of course you do.
Has her check cleared?
Silencing Sen. Warren is one more shameful act of misogyny committed by you and your Republican pals.
you mean dismantle and dumb down
it saddens me that people still vote for you.
#neededhelp #youcouldntrallythetroops #corruptedsoul #voteyouout #stormofsnowflakes
don't you mean so she can gut all the public school systems and destroy children's education?
We are watching. If Ms DeVos sets out to destroy our public school system, we will rebel!
@McConnellPress I think you meant to say "so she can dumb down our children so they'll vote Republican when they grow up."
Hang "Right" in Mr. Majority Leader. Prez Trump and you are making great progress making USA Great again!
I am sure you looked forward to confirming one of your biggest donors -
She is and you are both white supremacist Nazis with no regard for our children of any color.
How does she plan to do this as she has no experience or interest in bettering public edu?
you mean rich kids. She's awful and so are you. I want my voucher for a Muslim school!
Just delete the "behalf".  I've no doubt she'll work on them - like a wrecking crew on a building.
Can you put Kentucky first once?
DoVos deserves her post! The rich get what ever they want in America. She paid a lot for her post.
She is the most unqualified nominee ever-but you don't care shes a Repub. Shame
thanks for nothing, she is unqualified to do this job & u sir should give up your seat before 2018 #urout
Thanks for selling off the future of American children to the highest bidder. More ditch diggers than engineers.
@CNN It's too bad that she used pay to play & you went along with it--these congressmen need to go!
yes I am so happy that my special needs son will get his special education needs taken away as a result.
What are some other things you look forward to? Colonoscopies? Root Canal? Shell waxing? #weakleadership
Thank you for screwing millions of kids
@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov How many bribes are you getting from charter schools?
Thank you Leader McConnell for putting the spotlight on Warrens reading of Coretta Scott King's letter.
Well, confirming a woman like that over the will of parents is deplorable and will end majority for !!
You mean on behalf of upper and middle class, white, able students.... #Unqualified #DeVos
she's unqualified & will destroy public education... Which in your home welfare state  is greatly needed
200M buys a seat Boom
gutting public educ.When she diverts tax$ 2Christian priv8 schools,wil prvt Muslim&jewish schools benefit
@McConnellPress "We the People" will be closely watching if DeVos will help to strengthen "public schools" & not destroy them.
SELL OUT
You looking forward to that check she wrote you.  Or will you buy more Asian women on the black market?
You look forward to making America Stupid again, to line your pockets.  SHAME!
YOU FAILED OUR CHILDREN I WILL NOT FORGET
Keep kids ignorant!  Then they'll vote for Trump or some other @GOP nitwit. Educate them, @BernieSanders
So she can destroy the last vestige of eduction in this country. #ashamedtoberepublican
how? she doesn't like them, doesn't believe in them, and doesn't understand how they work.
I hope you plan on paying for my three kids to attend private school??
Dismantling the DOE is not good for the American ppl.
Saving my $ so I can buy a seat too. How much do you need for my vote. I am unqualified as is DeVos.
.@SenateMajLdr @BetsyDeVos @usedgov  That's because you're uneducated.
Dismantling you mean. #traitors
Except she will continue to destroy the education system. You want us smart enough to work but too dumb to stop corruption.
Every student in American just got screwed. Republicans were BOUGHT and PAID for. America will remember
a system she knows nothing about. It's time for all of u republicans to be ousted!!
You mean get to work tearing it all down, right?
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/betsy-devos-donations_us_5893bd80e4b0c1284f251c5f …?
-you need to apologize to EW and have her reinstated in the senate discussion.  I'm embarrassed to be a republican
How quickly will our children's schools be closed? How quickly will they be raped for $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$?
The only thing you have "confirmed" is your complete disregard for our education system and our students.
I can't believe that you see your words in this matter as TRUE!!
Children with disabilities will  lose rights to have a FAPE.  IDEA website already down.  Shame on you!
I can think of 36,400 reasons why you'd say that.  #paytoplay #theswampisoverflowing
Big mistake. 50 million kids in public schools have parents who loathe and despise you. Shame on you!
You really mean you look forward to the further dumbing down of America & giving $ to Christian schools!
After hearing from MILLIONS, you confirm that airhead? 2018 is looming large. YOUR TURN to lose seats!
i would like to slap both of you on the steps of (any) public school, then apologize for the violence
Yeah right; our kids need protection against Grizzly Bears. #devos is a bad joke.
How big was your bribe?
@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov what did you buy with all the $ she gave you?
Get moving and don't allow Dems to continue this debacle! GET GORSUCH IN! THEN GO TO Supreme Court!
You mean destroying them, don't you?
you do realize majority of America didn't go to Private school right? #crazytown
you sicken me
@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov I can't wait to watch ur constituents boot you out for this one
@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov you are a bigger liar than @SpeakerRyan
So she can destroy public education is what you really mean.
I sure that you're proud of the slim you've let through.
the GOP is a disgrace thanks for selling out our children and eviscerating education#theUneducatedvoteGOP
remember Kentucky receives more welfare than most states and needs public education. Obstructionist majld
you mean so she can start dismantling public schools. Good luck with that in rural Kentucky.
unqualified and devastating blow to American children. ABUSE OF POWER
Nothing you do has any credibility.
She'll get to work destroying public education in this country.  Disgusting choice.
you call yourself a leader? That is so sad.
you misspelled "giving coupons to rich people and throwing everyone else under the bus." #presidentbannon
You sold out American schoolkids to the highest bidder. Shameful. You have no morals or conscience.
why do you hate our children that much?  Say NO to #PresidentBannon
@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov how much did she pay you for the vote?
You mean you look forward to ruining public education so you'll have more ill informed voters 4 u
R\ EDUCATION IS KEY IN lA ALSO, mp
How much did DEVOS pay you???
History will be clear, and your own grandchildren will read of your ineptitude and failure. Resign now.
must be nice to buy all your votes
you mean destroy public education nationally like she did in Minn? How much $ did she donate to you?
Betsy DeVos does not care about students in public schools.  She destroyed the school systems in Michigan
L I A R L I A R L I A R !!!! SHE IS FOR HERSELF AND YOU CRONIES. YOUR TIME IS UP, OLD FART.
Why don't u listen to the hundreds of thousands of people who didn't want DeVos? Don't the people matter?
You have sold out public education, teachers and children in this country.  SHAME ON YOU!
Thanks for nothing, and I do mean NOTHING
Look forward to losing your next election because this is a democracy.
@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov You mean you look forward to her destroying the school system? Pretty unqualified.

not on behalf of this American and millions of others.  How is delusion land these days?
Totally unqualified.. You should be  ashamed of yourselves.. #McConnell constantly kissing Trumps Butt.
You chose not to listen to the American people on this one. Your time in the Senate is limited.
You MUST be kidding me with this? She will do nothing for average American students or teachers!
You have no balls!!! Your really chose money over our kids, she is worthless!!
She is the most unqualified person for this position.
your days are numbered. You should all be ashamed. She's unqualified as are you.
tell that to the kids in Michigan
She's a terrible nominee, and a terrible person.  You should be ashamed.
You’ve sold your soul McConnell.
gage
all history will remember of u is that u made Warren sit down because she spoke the truth
Is Betsy paying you by the compliment? We now know the going price for a cabinet position.
She won't -she'll give coupons to poor folks for a pricey school across town whole PubEd schools close!
because you have no soul
stunning to see how you just give a fuck Mr. @SenateMajLdr and continue feeding the swamp #SenateGOP #ShePersists
by dismantling the department of ed you plan to help students? I personally believe in public school
Thanks for taking away public education and dooming a bunch of kids with this fucking airhead pick in SOE
but what about the accountability of these "voucher" schools...& lack of opportunity for the disabled.
You should be ashamed of what you are doing to the education system
bought and paid for her nomination and our children will pay the price for it.
I'm sure you do.
DeVos knows nothing about public education & is utterly unqualified for this position!
I hope DeVos has a driver, because I doubt she can find her way to the Dept of Education building...
"on behalf of (me and my friends' best interests. Screw) America's students and schools" really though, right?
@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov I wonder if she is gonna run in to any bears....
please she knows NOTHING about the public school system!!
Disgusting what you did to Warren.
you sold out the children of this country for $36,400 . We will remember
She will ruin public schools.
How much did Betsey pay you?
#sad stupidity will lead to #idiocracy #publicschools will suffer #worst pick #unqualified #childpotus
@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov Cruz read green eggs and ham on the floor but no coretta Scott king.  Private school, eh?
I look forward to watching you go to prison for helping Putin interfere in the 2016 election
Will you take the POTUS advice & grab her by the PU$$Y?
at your age you don't have to worry about a child's education.  but your private school grandkids were never in trouble anyway
@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov http://time.com/4663497/coretta-scott-king-letter-warren-senate-sessions/ …
Yeah...so why are you doing away witht the Department of Education?
DeVos has no intention of working on behalf of anyone,  you treasonous liar!
how we gonna keep 'em down on the farm DeVos!
Yes, the new motto for the Dept of Education is "ALL children left behind".  Thanks Mitch.
Look at MI.  Reading scores tanking, spec. needs kids and the poorest left in defunded schools. Choices really for the rich.
So you DO HATE America!  You are the worst Sen. Pres ever! Racist
If you even remotely cared about America's students then you'd see why confirming Devos is a monumental disaster. #lapdogmitch
If I donate enough money, can I get the nominee for vice prez? Seems to be the way to pollute the swamp further
Of course you http://do.You  are participating in the dumbing down of America for Trump's fascist administration!
The only thing you care about are vouchers for  wealthy donors to send their kids to overpriced private schools.
Shame on you, Mitch McConnell, for approving such a grossly inappropriate appointment!
Of course you do.. She Bought You All! Thanks for selling our kids education to the highest Bidder. 
Can we expect plagiarism to be accepted now that DeVos has made it ok? Pass that along to all the schools
You looked forward to confirming the least qualified nominee in recent memory?  Shame.
Mitch, thank you for your announcement that you plan to lose your next election
How will she know where they are and what they look like?
Lier.  A vote worth $36,400 huh nice sure hope your voters are taking notes.
You mean RUINING America's schools. #DroopyDog
Today the GOP abandoned students in public school now and in years to come. DeVos is an uninformed embarrassment.
Unacceptable nomination. Public schools are the foundation of an equal society@FIGHT
you don't represent the people. You are a paid vote.
You've thrown our children under the bus with confirmation. You're disconnected from poor KY kids.
@McConnellPress @BetsyDeVos @usedgov You made a mistake censuring Sen. Warren! Just added fuel to her fire! You disgust me.
party over country!!!
