How many hearings and amendments were there for Obamacare?  How many hearings and amendments in your Wealthcare bill? #spineless #crook
Ask your fellow dems why they won't let Manafort, Kushner, Page and now Don Jr. testify. They have all be willing and available.
They are all accused of working with Russia but the dems are blocking their testimony. Wouldn't you want to hear what they have to say?
Perhaps to keep this fake story going till the election?? They have even admitted they plan on it. Will be decades before another dem wins.
The entire country hates your plan!  There is nothing wrong with #Obamacare except your #DONORS don't want to pay
u r a facsists who works exclusively 4 corporate special intrest. idk y Kentuckian wud put up w/u. ignore the Russian operatives/Trumps n WH
Medicaid paid for my dad, a teacher, who had Alzheimer's. #SaveMedicaid #ACA Don't harm our vulnerable.
record break obstruction  #mitchmcconell #HealthcareBill
Could you be more of a hypocrite? Really?
U call it obstruction we call it Karma! Lest U forgot how you did the same and vowed that Obama would not serve 2 terms!  U shld RESIGN!
Right?!?! Karma indeed!!
We no longer call it obstruction. We call it patriotism. Everything must be halted until we discover if Trump is an illegitimate president.
Whether Trump is legit, the Repub agenda to steal from the poor to give to the rich must end or the USA will become a 3rd World country.
Quit whining--recall 2016 and the Supreme Court. You had your fun. With taxpayer funded health care, can't you get a tranquilizer?

#whiner
I can't wait till ur term is up. If Kentuckian don't vote u out this time, I will have to break all ties from generations of family's...
#corruption #greed
Do you remember McConnell pledging that the GOP do everything in their power to assure Obama only serves one term? & they ignore Jr's emails
Obstruct or protect America.... Trump is dangerous why do you support his lies?
YOU R OBSTRUCTING THE PRESIDENT WE ELECTED! .....REPEAL O'CARE!!
You have the majority.  Get something done!
Turnabout is fair play, they say. Who obstructed consideration of Obama's choice for Supreme Court justice?
That is like the pot calling the kettle black! Republicans did it for years and now u call foul, u need to be replaced.
This, from the Leader of Obstruction! Laughable, if not morally bankrupt.
pot meet kettle
home state. I love KY & visit often. If u g re-election, I have 2 assume there r things n the air & water that r making Kentuckians teched.
Aaand you never could never be blamed for being an obstructionist!?!? Please. You were the definition of an obstructionist.
How old man? They haven't been included in the talks? Not even the full committee was in on the talks!  When u speak it should be the truth!
Weren't you the guy obstructing a SCOTUS placement bc u wanted to stall until Obama was out of office?  #ThinkBeforeYaSpeak
The GOP RINOs are obstructing themselves bc they are scared the insurance $$$ will not fill their campaign coffers. #GOPCANTGETITDONE
Just like you did.
You do remember saying that you would not pass anything for Obama don't you?
The "used to be hawkish" GOP is ignoring evidence on conspiring with an adversary. How can they not address this attack on our democracy?
You mean Senate Democrats try to stop you from stealing the whole country and giving it to the 1%? You spent 8 years obstructing Obama.
Honestly you and I know this is BS. Please move on to trying to get something that your own party thinks is not moronic.
when all these people die because of U. I hope they will bring their bodies to Ur front door. May U never sleep again without one open.
No you
when will you learn nobody wants your healthcare. Leave it alone. Do you only think about yourself old man.
When you are older and dying I want you to think of this time in history when you killed off a lot of Americans. Serial killer a-hole
Tell Senator McConnell he's had 8 years to help come up with a plan.  He's done ZERO!!! Stop whining!  Sick of watching you piss and moan!
you are a murderer. how dare you not care about your people you work for. How long do you think you have old man before you need healthcare.
When he says "obstructionism," is he talking about the THOUSANDS OF AMERICANS WHO HAVE MADE THEIR VOICES HEARD.  #KeepACA #NoTaxCuts4theRich
Old Turtle, Russia and Trump, what do you know.?
so asking questions, requiring clear thinking,  wanting information is obstruction? hmmm...
And our elected officials listening to their constituents is them doing the job they were ELECTED TO DO.  #CountryOverParty
What about the last 8 years while President Obama was in office?  Does the name Merrick Garland ring a bell?  Total obstruction.
You'd know all about that from when they were bringing in Obamacare
So you delayed recess until you can threaten or bribe enough votes to get your death bill passed? @SenateGOP #VoteNo
Do something about it and stop waiting for the poles to validate your actions!!!
You continue to lie.
...Takes one to know one?
You refused to give Garland a SCOTUS hearing for 10 months, then dumped him. At best, you're disingenuous. At worst, unpatriotic.
The GOP controls both houses and the WH but Democrats are the reason you can't move your twisted agenda?  O...K.... #karma #sucks2BMitch
They learned it from the best.
Welcome to your world:  "McConnell: The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president."
You're all worse than 2nd graders
Quit blaming and start really trying to work with people.  I'd say the same to them.
Oh like republicans do when they are not the majority?   Got it!
Look in the mirror.  U need to be recalled.  Come on Kentucky...do it for America!
Remind us again exactly how you spent the eight years prior to this administration.
stop crying about obstruction. You have the power to go around them, but refuse to use it.  Do your job sir !
Mc connell chief obstruction until he denies Intell conclusions  to allow Russian meddling and Trump victory. It is not far from evil
You can stop them. YOU have the power. DO IT!


FIGHT WE WON! #dems_soros_bho_cartel RABID HYENA MAD bc LOST control of PURSE! Dems hate @POTUS his family& @GOP voters! WE EXPECT U 2FIGHT!
You obstructed Obama for how long? But you don't like it now??!! Please just resign you are not a fit Senator to do what's right for us
#Disgrace #nationalembarrassment #AmericanTaliban #Osamawouldbeproudofyou #deaftotheAmericanpeople
You have failed to listen to your constituents, your party has failed to listen to the country.  You currently support a traitor as POTUS.
You are what's wrong with this country.  It's time for you to leave office
McConnell let's see  you led an obstruction (one of many ) so a sitting president could not appoint a justice.  Hypocritical ass.
And poor baby, you are going to have to work through August. Like the rest of the American people. Want some cheese to go with that whine?
And I hope they continue. What part of we don't want any part of Trump's presidency do you not get?
like you did last president.
Just like the Republicans blocked every thing Obama tried to pass! Go whine somewhere else!
OMG!!
 AND...the attack on our democracy!?
ANY thoughts, outrage, ANYTHING?!!?
Senate Republicans Continue To Support Collusion with a Foreign Government as long as it gets them the Presidency.

Your Health Care is Next
You reap what you sow, Senator. For a real model of unprecedented obstructionism, look no farther than the mirror.
At least they are not Russians!
Hello pot meet kettle!
it is impossible to emphasize enough how despicable McConnell's behavior was when he learned from Intel agencies about Russian interference
You have the majority, genius, it's your own party obstructing. And why aren't YOU trying to corral the lunatic in the 
W.H.?
What's wrong with you? @SenateGOP has a majority.
Take a look at the WSJ article re: google and it's purchasing of our university faculty. Youtube didn't allow a full play.
What about Merrick Garland, job creation bills and more over the last 8 years?
You would know what that's about, right?  Do what is best for Americans and this country, not your party.
You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means.
Merrick Garland.
Yes they are and I'm sick of the Russia narrative and the waste of taxpayer money!!!!
If you feel obstructed, Senator, we know a couple of doctors. They'd probably treat you in spite of your cruel plans for their patients. xo
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/11/opinion/will-trump-kill-the-bourbon-boom.html?action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=region&region=region&WT.nav=region …
Nobody wants what you are selling.  Sell bullshit elsewhere.
Why haven't the ppl of Kentucky voted him out?
You are the king of obstruction.  That you would blame dems is breathtaking. Repubs are in charge it's all on you!!
They learned from the best.
you, YOU,Mitchy baby, may have the face of a melted turtle corpse, but you've got the balls of an adult blue whale. Hypocrisy's patron saint
Pot, meet kettle
Thank you Dems for doing your jobs by protecting your constituents.
Merrick Garland.
I think your foot is obstructing your mouth.
I find it laughable that you use the term obstruct, didn't know you knew what it meant... seeing as you obstructed Obama for 8yrs ...
Remember when YOU wanted GM & Chysler to go under just to make BO a one term President?  So F U Mitch.
@McConnellPress seems to have forgotten how he obstructed President @BarackObama for 8 years and now complains about Dems doing it. Sad! smh
You are in the majority. Duh. Democrats will continue to oppose your evil schemes.
Welcome to the world YOU created. Live by the sword, die by the sword.
Obstruct what?  You've done N O T H I N G for Democrats to obstruct.  #DumbAsATrump
You are not the one to talk about obstruction by any party. That's all you did for 8 years. You need to retire or be retired, You're senile.
Senator McConnell was the expert in obstruction when he was the minority leader.  He has no moral standing to complain
Says the man who refused to have any hearings for a Supreme Court nomine for over 100 days.
Shush,don't tell the dems to do anything different.Keep blaming12 year old russian youth who phished podesta is a winning strategy,bigly!
@SenateMajLdr @speakerryan
You need to be fired
Mitch get your head out of your shell and listen to the American people, stop lying , get to work , you can take Obamacare and fix it.
What a joke coming from the obstructionist-in-chief himself. Look up the definition of hypocrite.
#Trumpcare offers a massive tradeoff: health care for millions of Americans vs. billions in tax cuts for the rich. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan … …
Cruz, Lee & Cornyn supporting plan to let insurers sell plans that don’t comply with #ACA insurance;
Fairly brave you your press corp using the word "obstruct", seeing as how you're a pro at it @SenateMajLdr
Sure-fire way to send ACA insurance markets into a death spiral.
No sir you continue to obstruct where is your statement on the house of Trump and the relationship with the hostile foreign government.
Not as bad as you Muppet...
You guys are obstructing each other. We're just bringing the popcorn.
You have the majority. That isn't enough? Maybe you're doing something wrong
And McConnell continues to be a spineless, limp wristed, ineffective shell of a majority leader, time for him to go!
I would hope so. You are  working for pharmaceutical companies, oil companies, and insurance companies. You don't care about non 1% people.
Oh Mitch. Till the bitter end huh?
GOP lawmakers follow through on their campaign promise to fully repeal ObamaCare
Voters gave Republicans control of the House, Senate and presidency to end ObamaCare, not amend it!
When they're acting in the interest of the American people, that is their job.  Well done, Democrats.
But it wasn't obstruction when the GOP did all of these things right?
#GOPLIES
Russia what?????  Come on turtle 
You misspelled "obstruct." The correct spelling is "try to save Americans' lives and not give even more tax breaks to the rich."
Senate Republicans Continue to Collude
