Maybe now you can get something done
It's lucky he survived. Thank God for America. Whoever put his name on the would be killer's list deserves a special place in the hereafter.
Now get to work for the American people!!
Can you please retire? I am grateful for your service but you are causing great division. We need bipartisan cooperation. Thanks.
Mitch is too busy serving himself with all that special interest big money.
Good thing he has the congressional HC plan. Not like the rest of America.
What do you have to say to the radical, violent progressives that promoted the atmosphere resulting in his shooting?
McConnell just resign! Your leadership is pathetic! You are slowing #Constitution #Conservative #MAGA ! #FireMcConnell @POTUS #FireRyan @GOP
Yes and next time don't forget to pass gun control bill which will help prevent future shootings like the one you experienced. #LasVegas
Ready now, to get to work for the people? nOT the donors??!! The gig is up! We all see what you ALL are! Your time is limited! Go out a hero
I want healthcare like Steve.
I share your sentiment. Please don't use his tradgedy to distract from what you've been un-doing. @CNN @FoxNews @GOP
A life is a life! Tell that to the people in Puerto Rico and the Virgin islands! That there life counts too!!!!
We hope that @SteveScalise had a "come to Jesus" moment while recovering and will work on improving his inner racism. Welcome back Steve.
Grow up learn some history and get a come to Jesus moment, realizing the democrats have been using and suppressing you for years!!
May the American people have that really great healthcare too? Please @SenateMajLdr ? Sure would solve a lot problems for us. #VoteDem
Or maybe they should just go on Obama care!!
And now, another shooting to remind us that death can come at any time, and @gop will support all gun sellers wishes.
I'm glad Senator Scalise is doing well. None time to gI've the American people the quality health insurance that allowed him to recover.
U mean 5he guy who compared himself to David Duke. Ha.
And it's wonderful that Donald Trump is helping you and your career on low note of embarrassment and shame
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!!!!!
Eliminating exemptions and real estate tax deduction will raise taxes for middle class homeowners. Please redo math congress!!
I am happy Scalise is okay and realizes it was a true miracle!
Afterall, they truly do not understand the poor! I lived on the streets! While they realise in their millions &billions!
Absolutely! Keep Medicaid,  lower costs for the poor and elderly! Why doesn't the Congress and Trump take 10% of their pay, donate to poor!
Trumps tax plan SCREWS working families....

And of course, YOU and your rich donors love it.
How about as a tribute to Rep Scalise, you get something done
Now get some work done. At least get the POTUS cabinet filled. Welcome back Steve. Light a fire under their asses!!
We're done with you!
Everyone still hates you.
He should have SUFFERED MORE for being a WHITE SUPREMACIST
@SteveScalise fought against making MLK a state holiday in LA

Maybe this white supremacist will change his tune after his 1on1 with Jesus
Time for YOU to have a serious talk with McCain! We ALL know what's going on there! Do your fucking job!
We don't care traitor McConnell. Putin funded your campaigns.
Needed a hug from a friendly face? Sorry it might not be long before he turns his back on you and lines up with Donald. 
You're all snakes
Know what happens when we dont do our job? We get a PINKSLIP! If you ALL dont start making things happen in the next 3 months #PINKSLIPS
Would love to see you back to work for the American people, all of them
Muppet McConnell... You're no leader or if you consider yourself one, you're very bad at it.
Now it's time for you to go polio boy that was saved by medicaid.
Now why don't you get to work and repeal ACA! It's bankrupting the middle class! Too many people are not getting healthcare until it's 2late
Bot

Yes. And it will be wonderful seeing Roy Moore @MooreSenate in the Senate. Aren't you pleased?
At least he haS GOVERNMENT SPONSORED HEALTHCARE
You know what is also wonderful that he had govt sponsored medical insurance
FEHB mirrors ACA. Lookup the fed plans at http://opm.gov .
Now, only if you would disappear....
Isn't it also wonderful he had great healthcare?
Yes it is but now pass some bills in the Senate. It's time to support our @POTUS ... or remember what happened to Eric Cantor's primary ...
McConnell, you need to get to work and take care of the people's business! Pass legislation and ignore your puppet masters!
Imagine that, back to work
God Bless him!
@NBCPolitics @SteveScalise 
I wish you would go away Welcome back Steve I pray for you every night 
WORK???? You guys don't know the meaning of work you just sit there all day argue then go on holiday
Well, they do habe to vote themselves a pay raise. Funny how Trump's timeline is unachievable, bht they can get a raise in 10 minutes.
@NBCPolitics @SteveScalise True! Hope you won't take #healthcare from millions of Americans and #Medicaid from handicapped!
Another republican fascist nazi.
now work on strengthening our gun laws #NRA
Only true thing you've said today.
Shut up turtle ... I'm sure he enjoyed his free health-care
Please don't kill us
GUN LAWS WOULD BE A PRUDENT THING TO TACKLE
Do your job, Mitch.
I hope you both lose access to everything that brings you joy
You ever get tired of sucking at your job?   I mean really who sucks this bad at their job and gets to keep it?
Other than @SpeakerRyan of course.  He also sucks at his job and gets to keep it.  Oh and @realDonaldTrump gets to keep his too.
It’d be wonderful if you stopped working at the Capitol waging your war against the 99%. #Corrupt

Resign
WHEN WILL YOU BE BACK?

Trump adviser Gary Cohn "can't guarantee" taxes won't go up for middle class: "There's an exception to every rule." http://abcn.ws/2fu10KR  
