Remember the pendulum swings both ways. There is a reason for the 60 vote threshold. Why not wait for investigations to be completed?
So it's a Constitutional crisis to have 8 SCOTUS justices, but only when Obama gets to pick the 9th?
I think he's talking about the rule change and the fact that #Trump is still under investigation. That should worry everyone.
It's been what, 6 months and there's still no evidence? And all the media talking points come from improper unmasking of Trump people 1/2
That haven't done anything illegal? If "he's under investigation" is what stops a nom, the Dems will just never stop the "investigation" 2/2
Also it is the @FBI that is doing the investigation not the dems. I find it weird that you have such a loyalty that you don't want to know.
I'm fine with them investigating. Also would like an investigation into how Trump campaign members had their names unmasked, wouldn't you?
Um not really because It seems pretty obvious. They were talking to people that were under investigation. It seems natural they would would.
you made the correct choice, Mitch.
no he didn't. When the shoe swings the opposite way changing rules will be remembered.
2013? Harry Reid? LOL!
not of a SCOTUS nominee this is the 1st ever in history rule change. But wait 1-4yrs time time
Right they won't be happy when the democrats take the senate lol
you people need to stop drinking during the daytime.
lol I'm just saying you are patting yourself on the back now. Things change though.
Harry Reid. Already happened. Liberals never bother to memorise recent past. Seal broken before today.

Well, it did, until Sen. Reid changed it. 

Making a rule and then crying when the other side uses it is childish in the extreme.
Reid changed it after 79 filibusters. McConnell changed it after 1 while the appointing president is under FBI investigation.
Shoulda thought of that before changing the rule then.
You are DONE.  Start your job search now.
You are responsible for the end of democracy how can you live with yourself 200 years of checks and balances gone such a sad day
Shame on you! You have single-handedly destroyed the Senate. No Garland vote, and now simple majority vote for Supreme Court! SHAMEFUL!
Glad the GOP grew a pair of balls, was going to ask you to go to Pelosi and get them back.
Just curious why you are so intent to seat SCOTUS for *45? What did he give you?Oh yeah, wife's job which she is unqualified for. #suspicous
I hope not only @SenateMajLdr but his wife also goes to jail when they come for @realDonaldTrump
Nobody is coming for @realDonaldTrump
That's what they said bout Nixon. Senate, House, FBI investigating turned Flynn down on immunity why? They already have had enough 2 charge?
Just keep on resisting man sounds like your doing a good job.
You have sold your soul. You will be forced to remember your role in ruining your country.
Trump won over 2400 counties with Mrs Clinton winning less than 500. Those are facts that Dems never acknowledge
And the US. Media wanted Clinton to win & had non stop Anti Trump coverage for 6 months.Who do u think had a bigger influence on our voters?
Finally, here's some scoop.Russians h/b trying to influence our elections for decades.May have influenced '08 election.Prefer O over McCain
Seems uv torn down the house. When it goes against you, later, with a liberal judge, no whining, dude. U did this. U.
@SenateMajLdr succumbs to pressure. Destroys US institution to appease financial $$$ donors. McConnell's legacy secured as Senate destroyer.
you chose to end a process that's been in place for hundreds of years.  You chose something over democracy..not good comrade.
You have destroyed the foundation of the institution you swore to protect.  History will not forget this.  Neither will voters. #SCOTUS
You obviously forgot about the Harry Reid rule...you creeps did it to yourselves
By that you mean keep the filibuster for #SCOTUS nominees?  Then, nope, I didn't forget.  Harry Reid kept that in place.  McConnell didn't.
Time to vomit. Gorsuch the pawn of Big Biz..no friend of citizens.
#scum
LIAR - THIEF - CORRUPT - TRAITOR!!
With all due respect sir; Atta boy Sen McConnell for moving forward with this critical appointment & not allowing the Democrats to block it
Yeah, nothing like stealing a SupCt seat & giving it to a plagiarist, extremist judge. R=hypocrites
Get over it, it was not a stolen seat! Republicans merely went by the precedent that Senator Schumer set! don't like it take it up with him!
oh please.Rehnquist was confirmed and Miers was UNQUALIFIED. Bush was pressured by BOTH parties to withdraw her nom over law license scandal
Also Miers' replacement Alito was confirmed w. MAJORITY. Merrick Garland wasnt given a HEARING while A. Kennedy was confirmed in election yr
Presidents in tneir final year from electing Supreme Court nominees! Precedent was set by Senator Schumer
And if not, the GOP will just change the rules.
Just because your old ass not gonna be around much longer Your bullshit has left billions to live with your corruption..Rewriting the law...
Now you have proved that the GOP will always put party over the country and the American people.  You have sold out to your corp. donors.
Confirming @JudgeNGorsuch is for country and the American people
The guy ALWAYS sides with corporations, so no it isn't.
Geez. Stop with the lame talking points
So a synopsis of the man's ruling is a talking point? Maybe you are okay with Hobby Lobby & Citizens United but I am not.
ALWAYS siding with corporations is his ruling synopsis? Ok, have a good day.
You've been a very bad turtle. BAD TURTLE!!
@DavidChalian @GorsuchFacts illegitimate justice.  Stolen seat.
This is your legacy Turtle man. Blaming the Dems won't work. You authorized the "nuclear option" to destroy our democratic system. #2018
So you're telling your constituents that you'll do whatever you want despite our objections??? We'll see senator!  #GorsuchNo
Outstanding news.  Thank you for your excellent leadership.
And as a voter I can assure you this will be your last term in office.
I'm curious. What's the point of debate? Or is this just pro forma? You know... for the benefit of the masses? You've mistaken your position
You will all be held accountable for assisting a foreign power in invading our @Scotus #assadputintrump @UNHumanRights

Let history never forget: The Republican Party stole a SCOTUS seat and broke the Senate to do it. Today is a dark day
Aided and abetted by Dems that didn't fight Trump but fought Bernie instead

Stolen from him
RIP senate. Democracy was nice.
You're going to wish you never did this. 2018 is upon you. You vowed uphold the law, but all you're doing is using it for GOP benefit.
It's not enough that KENTUCKY cannot stand you! The ones that keep on voting you in, is consumed w/a Repub being in office. But they have
Lowering ethical, moral, & constitutional standard for Supreme Court nominees opens the door to GOP kleptocracy.
Yes and more..we need a revolution.
You're tacky.
…because you ignored a legitimate appointment then changed the rules to advance one party’s wishes. Don’t forget that part.

Posterity will not be favourable to you, nor to your party. You should be very ashamed.
U should be ashamed of urself. Lincoln said it well.. "if u truly want to test a man's character, give him power." #Shame

Mitch McConnell wants to blow up the Senate to confirm a Supreme Court justice from a president under FBI investigation for treason.
If I had a vote, I'd support Judge Gorsuch, but not like this. History is not going to be kind to @SenateGOP on this.
Ihme touhua.
This will come back to haunt Republicans. The triad @realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan  and @SenateMajLdr are destroying a once proud party.
Awesome. Let's hope he's more Suter than Scalia ...... hmmm
You and all @SenateGOP will live to rue this day. You can take that to the bank. I and millions of my fellow citizens guarantee it.
I'm not stopping with Senators. I will NEVER vote for ANY Republican.
Ur an evil man, bought w ur wife's appointment to Trump's admin. Looks like Russia owns u too. U need to resign.
Turtle 

McConnell will now become the poster boy for GOP incompetence and obstructionist imperialism , the archetypal old, white male , dinosaur !
No that honor goes to Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer thank you so much Harry Reid.
Since you are clearly in the " deplorable " basket, any effort at cogent debate is fruitless....go back under your rock !
MAGA!
Mitch McConnell is a pathetic loser he had to go to extremes to get his guy nominated eat shit and die asshole
You have just destroyed democracy. And we will remember this in 2018. #VoteThemOut
Do you really believe Democrats will remember this in '18, much less '20?
Fuck you fascist
Fsscist, you dieting that to McConnell?
Appropos
you're a terrible human turtle
Do not defile sweet turtles..this McConell man has horns and a pitchfork.

Thru tradition only, the Senate mutually decided to do it w/ 60 thru a decision they made amongst themselves, legally, the law states 51
Sweetie I understand how this works.  Thank.
Broader point is GOP had no choice. Gorsuch has the highest ABA rating, voted with majority 99%, had endorsement of Obama Soliciter General.
Additionally voted unanimously to current seat. How can Trump nominate anyone better to get Democrats to go along while keeping GOP?
Should not have been trumps choice.
Maybe true. But we can't unwind that clock. We're here now & there really isn't anything that can be done but this or 8 member, then 7, etc.
Thank you, Sen. McConnell!! Great call going nuclear.
Big Business judge by all his verdicts.
Anti citizen pro corporate GOP sellout.
And now they've got #iatrogenic #fascism working for them, making even red lies fun for followers to tell. Oh, how far the latter fell.
with a kingdom. This is the same problem Trump is facing. This isn't your fiefdom and you both will come tumbling down.
Congrats on getting your plagiarist judge confirmed.
Gorsuch is the pawn of big biz...citizens be damned.
Disgraceful that you prevented a vote on Garland. Undermining democracy.
A handy list of who needs to be voted out of the Senate when their current term is up. #NuclearOption 
#ThursdayThoughts 
#SenateRepublicans
I want to add democrat @Sen_JoeManchin to this list. He spinelessly voted to confirm. Done with him.
Could you please watch my pined tweet listen to the KGB agent telling how we got here please watch and tweet that is all I am doing today 
it must feel great to be so unwanted. No one but the corrupt want #gorsuch
It's a real shameful day for America that one racist shitbag can destroy our most important institutions.
I cannot express my hate for you in 140 characters .
F*ck you okay bye!
You're an awful person
How can you live with yourself. #CountryBeforeParty #Shame
Let's increase the number of SCOTUS judges to 11. Did u all know Mitch and team can do this? Oh yes they can
There will now be an election, after which we will announce the winner, who’s already been chosen. Practicing? @GorsuchFacts
you are an unimaginable hypocrite
Well done, thank you. Oh, and thank you Harry Reid.
It's shocking that your radicalized political beliefs are tearing down the institution you represent.History will not look kindly on you.
You will force him into the position by abandoning the set rules. That is disgraceful
Change the rules when you don't Win. We will not forget. Keep filling your pockets the GOP officially no longer exists. #trumprussia
Helping the dictatorship out $enator
And you will hereafter be known as an anti-American thief who stole a seat from a legitimate President & gave it to #putinspuppet.
Maybe your state will be able to round up a better candidate from a place other than the white supremacist,hillbilly,poor hating pool.
.@SenateMajLdr  History will not look kindly on you.
When trump goes to jail i hope you follow him as well. Money can only save you for so long. Fake republican christians family values

They will continue to rewrite major rules and disregard norms. Once installed, autocrats always rewrite laws to preserve their own power. https://twitter.com/SenGillibrand/status/849737664966381568 …
It may take some time, but good always trumps evil in the end. Ur days in public office are numbered. #WeThePeople #IllegitimateSCOTUS
great day for America Mitch. Way to put country before party.
We been trying even the tea party try but to no avail. He knows how to play the game too well
Well, you now have a lot to work with.
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts the only justice would b getting rid of u. U know what karma is..it rhymes with MITCH.
Your hypocrisy is staggering. You and the GOP do not care about democracy or your constituents. You care about power and power only.
Why are you pushing this Trump should not get a selection until all ties to Russia have been cleared. Are you with Russia too?
Ah, the first of many GOP backed scrub justices...
Sen. McConnell, 1 question-if a seat opens in DJTs 4th yr, will you pledge to pause filling it, per your 2016 logic? #gorsuch
He would be an idiot to do so and he is no idiot.
You are committing treason. That's how you'll be remembered in history. I hope you're proud for this to be the hill your party dies on.
i WAS PREGNANT FOR A SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME THAN IT HAS TAKEN TO GET THIS DONE. LEADER MOVE THEIR BUTTS
Good thing you went ahead and did it. The dems did to you once and would damn sure do it again  if they were in power.
Looking forward to Dems seating 10th and 11th justices in 2021
And the @GOP proved once again damn the people damn the country
Mitch you will not be smiling in 2018 we we take back the senate bigly @SenSchumer @IndivisibleTeam
You are teaching our kids to win by cheating, changing the rules, refusing to play unless you win. Bad sportsmanship, even worse democracy
I despise you and your Republican vampires. Smarten up #Kentucky. Vote the turtle out before he destroys the constitution
You need to step-down McConnell!  You have just broken your Oath of Office!

You have no regard for democracy and history will not be kind to you.
Don't you dare ever lecture anyone else on the right way to do things. Don't you dare.
Still not fucking dead yet, Mitch?
IDIOT!

Oh and you have used the filibuster more than the Dems so remember that in 2018 when you lose control
Boy, Bye 

#yourlastterm

A "President" who is CURRENTLY under FBI investigation & LOST the popular vote by 2.9M votes is allowed to appoint a SCOTUS justice. Unreal.
@senorrinhatch @GorsuchFacts STOLEN SEAT BY GOP THIEVES. SO RUSSIAN.
You and your colleagues will be judge harshly in the history books. You don't really care though. You have your"power". Petty petty men.
how are you still alive, Mitch?

a God's given justice, amen
Railroaded that one through didn't you turtle?  You are the biggest hypocrite in the senate, which takes a lot. Hope you enjoy your last ter
your disregard for rules in light of a corrupt administration means you are losing your job
Hope you are voted out of office.  You Silver spoon mf
I know this was not your preference. Thanks for hanging tough!
This country's history will not be kind to you...you have cemented your place in hell sir.
It would be a shame if you were late for recess
"Bad decisions are a bit like Trojan horses-you may not recognize the danger at first, but if you know your history..."
Not for long. Don't celebrate so fast either. This will come back to hunt you.
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts 11 month filibuster by @GOP and you still need to change the rules to get your way. Disgraceful.
GFY.
Are you proud to shove this candidate down our throats when he was nominated by a man under FBI investigation?
I'm sad that God took Don Rickles and left us with you, @SenateMajLdr
This. Is. Awesome.
We are watching! We are ready for 2018 elections!
By 2018 you and the other rethugs will be a nasty memory we will erase u by undoing all the evil you have done. Wicked man.
Your #legacy will be a diminished #Senate. Shame!
It is rule by farce & force, but not by consent of the governed.  #ContemptFortheCourt
If it was a real debate then you would not be able to declare #Gorsuch a Justice before the actual vote. #StopGorsuch #SaveSCOTUS #Resist
And you are a THIEF of gargantuan measure.
I understand that you and Satan are good friends...
What happen to you. I understand you are a conservative put Gorsuch plagiarized in his book. That should eliminate him form the court
You will be remembered as the person who sold out our country.  No vote on Gorsuch till Trump investigated.  You and Russia?
LOL!! But, muh Russia!!?! LOL!!
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts America who? No love of country here, just love of winning. Another old white guy should retire.
When you retire and look around at things you collected in D.C. I hope you are as proud as my family is of our late Senator who served w/ U
Oh so that's it. Change the rules to suit you. Nice.

Crosscheck, gerrymandering, ID's, destroying VRA, obstruction, closing polling places, spreading lies w/ Fox News ... Republicans are scum
you shat at the flag and everybody who died for it today
POS changes rules! So a POS will become SCOTUS

@doedeer1664 you should of done right thing but you aren't that way your one off them old dudes where's white hate robe middle night my mind
If he does get confirmed its only due to you cheating and changing the rules. So if thats the game ur playing best be prepared for backlash
And once again, you will be on the wrong side of history
We won't forget you said this, Senator McConnell. We remember you also blocked the D.C. Circuit Court appointments of Pres. Obama too.
Screw you and the rest of your party.  You are a hypocrite.
You may have nuked Gorsuch in but next election you will be voted Out! You are a Trump ass kisser!
I cant wait Mitch for that future 7-2 progressive majority supreme court after 2020 Gorsuch and Roberts are going to very lonely
You've gotten us a step closer to becoming an authoritarian regime.What are you going to debate for 30 hours? How to speed up that process?
you look like a turtle and you're destroying america
this is going to backfire on the GOP so badly and you will be remembered as the catalyst
You are out in 2018 turtle.
#DiabolicalLaughter #scumbag #turtle
Thank you!
April 6, 2017 - the day Mitch McConnell sold what was left of his soul and forever damaged our democracy...
are you sure 30 hours serves you well mitch? cause to date-everything you do serves you, not the American people, whom you hold in contempt
Shame on you. You will go down in history as the worst Senate Leader ever. This will not turn out well for you
You are the definition of corruption.
Thanks for ending the decorum of the senate - just remember turnabout is fair play!
Doesn't make it right, Mitch
Grow up

#Hypocrisy Thy Name is #MitchMcConnell
& your one party rule that you started last yr when you refused Merrick Garland a vote comes to pass. Only GOP can pick SCOTUS
So it's significant when you say OUR. You mean your party and your party alone decided who is the 9th SCOTUS justice.
Mitch, if POTUS #Obama were in the same space as Trump with #russiagate, would you do this for his Supreme Court nominee?
YES, it is the END of Republican control and era for using unfair voting. You end the Republican rule from this day here on out. Thank you!
Can't wait for your arraignment! 
White devil.
