Tell traitors @LindseyGrahamSC & (senile)  @SenJohnMcCain and others we voted @POTUS/Trump because they are failures
and you would be the minority
Keep thinking that.
oh I will watch a learn how the three beaches of government
Much better than the three' beaches' of government did under Obama. 
sweetie I didn't vote for Obama either GOP here but not this GOP beaches? You spell like your President lol
I was mocking you.>Violet Menarde     @violet_menarde  oh I will watch a learn how the three beaches of  government   
nice talking to you Rebel Sway funny! Go fuck yourself and watch Trump impeached
Because we don't need clean water?
#NoBanNoWall how about overturning or blocking trump's horrific picks/policies or #russianhacking #taxes #conflicts
he can't he's in on the coup too! You are going to see how the majority reacts ! Then what
which majority
You realize there's a coup, right?  @SenateMajLdr
of course he realizes there is a coup he's in on it ! McConnell it's going to get real ugly better step up
Don't people of Kentucky deserve opportunities that don't further deliver them to the highest lung cancer rates in the nation?
Stop ruining our earth old man!
enough with coal. My goodness stop living in the past. New energy!!!!
@GOP is being manipulated by #SteveBannon Careers & Party r at serious risk. Trump is now just Bannon's puppet
he's part of this this hypocrite who is as power he's power hungry like Trump
Good to see you are out of touch with the majority of the American people who don’t want coal and want green energy choices
bipartisan? 
educate yourself
coal kills people and the environment.  Coal is the past NOT the future. #GlobalWarming
coal is dead and you know it.
bipartisan?   Don't worry Mitch, you time of answering to the majority of the public will come!  GROW A BACKBONE!
Continuing to use coal as an energy source is NOT "Making America Great!"
Licking the "president's" tiny shoes isn't very becoming.
We the American people like to breathe. End coal NOW!
Because the GOP is pro-pollution and anti-environment.
America is getting left further behind while other countries continue to forge ahead using cleaner better alternative sources
I'm ashamed to have been initiated into the same Fraternity as you.
coal is horroble for the environment, for people mining & for the towns it's in. There are FAR more effective energy sources
@McConnellPress  You are no good, no good, no good . Please resign..
you're an embarrassment to our state..can hardly wait to see you finally voted out of office
The war on coal is a myth. Natural gas wiped out coal. BTW, repeal of ACA will cause how many job losses in KY?
You are a dangerous man..... #waronscience #warontheenvironment
The price of coal is in the toliet. You cannot bring back coal jobs and without the ACA they will die anyway
We need to drop words like "war on coal"; look at the broad, long-term impact of continuing to lean on fossil fuel. Go clean!
Instead you declare war on people's health by giving them dirty water? Why wouldn't you drink from Rep. Yarmuth's bottle?
Great job! Hope your constituents don't mind polluted drinking water & increased cancer rates.
No one will buy coal when natural gas is so cheap due to fracking.
Coal is bad.
better keep Obamacare because with Stream Buffer Rule gone people are going to need it
As a resident of Eastern KY, please do not poison our waters. Coal is gone, and it's never coming back. #renewableenergy
The war on coal is called fracking.
after your racist obstruction of President Obama you really should just shut up
we don't need coal. We need reusable energy.
Thank you for continuing to poison our country.
you're not listening and haven't for a long time 
why do you insist on destroying the environment? #ignorant #irresponsible #shameonyougop
Before you get there, could you do something about Bannon? Or the E/O banning refugees? Thanks.
I don't feel safe watching what seems to be a wholesale attack on our environmental regulatory system. I can't support this.
not a war on coal, but a fondness for drinking water, that won't make me sick.
@McConnellPress use nuclear option on SC pick I'm sick of games, Dems are obstructing justice & country's ability to function
do it before your face falls off completely!
We've gotta save those 174,000 permanent jobs in coal, but not the 3.5 million jobs in renewable energy. #WarOnLogic
we watch America implode with  an out of control #potus while u make sure u overturn  everything Obama #partybeforeamerica
You mean the world's deadliest energy industry? The one that poisons the planet & its employees, costing ~$500 billion/year?
Stop lying to laid-off miners. Coal isn't coming back & you know it. They're not suckers, & they'll vote you out real soon.
@McConnellPress how about focusing on the fascist take over of our democracy! #impeachputin
Those coal jobs are never coming back, buddy. This coming from someone who'd love to see most of your constituents underground
Heaven forbid Obama liked clean air. Have driven by a coal plant? I have they stink.It is hard to breath by them.
, why don't you work on #NoBanNoWall instead ? #RepublicanHypocrisy
Well done sir! Energy means jobs and a boost to the economy!
Oh hell yes, we don't need clean water, at the cost of electric companies profit.
I, citizen of TX, don't support this. Save the planet. Create clean energy jobs... Coal had its day. Pursue new, better jobs.
it's 2017!!!! We should be moving away from fossil fuels and put funding into alternative energy. Ever heard of Elon Musk?
if you care about the state you rep but never come to, move us forward, coal kills people and the land, find a better way
You will just be delaying the end of coal. In meantime enjoy destroying peoples lives. The earth and their health.@Lawrence
.@SenateMajLdr  Yeah, because poisoned water/air, and black lung are such GREAT things to keep going.
bipartisan my ass. Nothing you ever do is bipartisan. Your head is stuck up @POTUS button & you & GOP totally afraid of him!
it's not a war on coal. Coal is becoming obsolete, plus global warming. Your spot in hell solidifies more with each day
I want clean energy.
What's next a war on oxygen?  Even if you do not accept FACT on environment, why wouldn't you support clean energy anyway?
pls go away
You don't have a bipartisan bone in your body. Save it for Fox! You have lost all credibility & will go down in history!  SAD!
We want CLEAN energy, RENEWABLE energy now. Move into 2017!! NO Coal, NO PIPELINES. Enough is enough. #Wewatchyourvote
Why are you slow walking Jeff Sessions
@McConnellPress confirm the cabinate posts! im sick of your excuses.
how about pushing for confirmation of all remaining cabinet positions?
EVERY living thing needs clean water!!!  So short-sided and regressive are you and the KY/U.S. GOP!  Embarrassing!!!
@vjeannek you should step down. No more rhinos. Need new blood, not swamp monsters.
the fact that you're more concerned about a non-existent "war on coal" rather than the KYians losing healthcare is disgusting
we don't need coal
We do not want dirty coal! Pay attention please
@starfirst Whats new u have opposed Obama from day 1.
Calling it a "War on Coal" is like calling cars a "War on Horses". Tools improve; we adapt.
Your voicemail is full or we could leave you a message to let you know - no coal go clean energy
why?  Coal is nasty and degrades our mountains, valleys and streams. Use the money to train WV folks. Don't pollute
@starfirst It would be better, safer and give more jobs to Americans to invest in clean energy
can you not
Just exactly how does protecting our streams reduce coal jobs?  It will take a little more work, so more jobs.
And in doing so you can continue your #waronearth
+ who will this benefit?  Pls read before you http://www.sierraclub.org/sierra/2016-3-may-june/feature/coal-industry-bankrupt …
So today YOU continue the war on clean air and water. Thanks for nothing.
yes just take away our  clean water and then all her states can have a Flint Michigan.
looking forward to seeing your stream pollutants flowing through your neighborhood
leaks abound already just a matter of time ! Look at the Resistance now it's going to get bigger and bigger then bye bye
there is nothing bipartisan about you are Ryan it's all going to come out your corruption enjoy while it lasts
go ahead and when reelection comes up or maybe before you too will be gone
destroying the planet
War on COAL? Is that more BS like "Clean Coal?" How bout training miners for RENEWABLE ENERGY  jobs?! #21stCenturyNOT19thcent
#waroncleandrinkingwater
@kerpen Thank you for reversal of Draconian Obama Legacy War on America's #Coal #industry and all dependent upon it.
Thank you, our dying children will remember you.
A bipartisan with the devil?? The devil is @gop= KKK @CNN
Clean water is vital for our wildlife AND for us! #DitchMitch
KY is a leader for wildlife conservation and management & her elected officials should reflect that, not defy it! #DITCHMITCH
It's a war on pollution and an unsustainable resource that has seen it's time come and gone. #cleanenergy
What a horrible idea! Are you kidding me? I hope you're blocked every step of the way, which is what u did to Obama.
@McConnellPress   Get the confirmations done now!!
maybe a ban on Trump, Pence & Bannon would be more fitting.
Thank You! Our coal miners & coal States deserve much better!
end the 'war on coal' and start a war on water to protect 30k jobs and protect Koch bros. profits (i.e. your campaign funds)
"I'm so excited for the future of coal" - said no one under the age of 45.
Shame shame on you Senator! You do a disservice to this country every day you remain in office. Enough!
Liar.
,here is an idea, focus on new clean energy!
.@SenateMajLdr well aren't you a precious out of touch old fossil. It's a bit like saying there's a war on men wearing powdered wigs
I know you have neither the heart, the soul or the brains to see the damage but bipartisan? Pollution sucks. World going green
Time better spent saving our democracy! #Congress remove #MuslimBan
@McConnellPress Hey what's the holdup on POTUS cabinet appts?  Get'em done'
I like coal. Like it stay where it's at as it's dead. Green is where it's at. Are you a spawn of Satan & why your here still?
@McConnellPress @RBReich @repjohnlewis @timkaine @KamalaHarris  McConnell everyone HATES U & Ryan. It's painObvious Dinosaurs
COAL IS DONE.
Innovate or die. Stop using the legal system to push antiquated technologies.
.@SenateMajLdr - it's 2017. we don't have to burn things to produce power anymore. stop regressing. coal not the best idea. embrace change.
Someday I hope to introduce my foot to your rear end turtleman.
How about showing a little bit more concern about the Leninist running NSC?
It makes more economic & environmental sense to ditch coal and focus on #greenenergy. The American people agree. #cleanair
Why?  We need to focus on new, clean energy sources. All for helping ppl find new jobs, but not by propping up dead industry.
Solar Energy is expensive and unreliable needs constant maintenance
How about investing in the future instead of the past?
#coalIsDead #automationKilledIt #patronizing #asshole #resign
Nuclear option, Scotus pick, just saying!
Yeah, there's no #WarOnCoal. There's a war on clean energy, though, thanks to your connections to fossil fuel
@McConnellPress I guess you don't have any children, cause you certainly don't give a dam about helping our Earth.   Well F U
@JBaker31826004 how about tax relief n replacing Obamacare - get McCain n Graham in line
how exactly will polluting Water improve the lives of #CoalMiners you pollut their lungs getting rich and Now their water too?
@McConnellPress wow,you guys are doing great...thank you
please speak out against KKK Bannon taking over our govt rather than wasting time on an antiquated, lung burning fuel source.
Don't let him lift any sanctions against Russia. This makes our country look weak.
You need to take action against Russia. Trump is ready to lay out the red carpet for Vladimir Putin.
Reids "Nuclear Option" if necessary.
@Schairvo Thank You Mr McConnell For Working With Our President To Do His Promises..We The People Are Behind All He Does..
Coal is dying. You're condemning your constituents by ignoring that fact. You should. E pouring $ into training and jobs in renewables.
move forward not backward, #impeachtrump
After happily riding to work in your new Duesenberg, right? Accept the 21 century. Accept science. #greenenergy #GreenEconomy
coal is a fossil just like you are !
, renewable energy is the future. Not coal!!!
Yeah, that's the biggest problem you have right now. Coward! Your King awaits you.
great, we will have more dirty antiquated energy that is more expensive than solar.
.@SenateMajLdr heh, stream...
I'm on your Team#the left has no clue
So you want to make sure that coal miners have a job, but you want to deprive them of insurance needed for Black Lung Disease?
hey!  We're in a constitutional crisis.  Maybe you should get involved
It ain't coming back, Mitch. *cough, cough* Gets the walls all sooty.
coal is a DEAD industry. Do coal miners a REAL service and work on getting them job training! Stop lying to them!
@McConnellPress Thank you!
yet you are silent about Trumps illegal ban and lies.
There goes our water quality but who in the senate drinks WATER!
Why don't you pretend for a minute you love your country and not power and address Bannon on the NSC? You, Sir, have no honor.
will u support edu-to-reemployment opps for coal industry now on last legs, or is it only imp 2 help coal country short term?
