That is fucking RICH
How about you work for all of America, not just YOUR political party!
You should not be. Very few are qualified and many lied under oath but push em thru. Must keep the cess pool full. Shameful. Time 4 u to go
You're certainly qualified to talk about obstruction!
We need more Judges
That's a laugh. Garland ring a bell? Maybe "one term President" regarding Obama.
#ImpeachTrump and the #Resign
Very slowly. Need to go to simple majority rule. Why are you so obstinate? House passing hundreds of bills only to die in senate. Do ur job
And quite amusing, since Reeps control both House and Senate. Own your GOP failures. 
What obstruction??? What nominees??!!!
Ditch Mitch & Ryan!
Your nominees all represent the elitist 1% that you campaigned against-your base shld wise up and vote their true Interests? You hypocrites!
Are you letting them know about the private jets?
Our thoughts and prayers are with you in these challenging times.
Given the revolving door at the White House your time would be better spent elsewhere. Not much quality so far.
Shut up nemo
yeah i see a russian spy/banker for a job in the doj
Not very good at math, are you?

You.
Have.
The.
Majority.

You can blame Dems all you want, but here's the truth:

The GOP can't govern.
Says the man who wouldn't allow Obama's SCOTUS nominee a hearing when he still had almost a year left in office. 
mitch your republicans better pass gun control or your asses is over in 2018 ,2020. you already done lmao
How do you sleep at night?
Keep it up.  Long way to go.
Careful you don't break your arm patting yourself on the back.
Funny with a majority in congress what do you need them for? Oh because you can't figure how to get anything done.
Like price
From the obstructionist in chief. What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
BULLSHIT!!!
It's ridiculous that all are not confirmed!
Hay Mitch,
YOU spent 8 years writing the book on obstruction.
Remember when YOU wanted GM & Chysler to go under?
FU.
Whoohoo!  Definition of OBSTRUCTION:@SenateMajLdr
Hey Mcdickhead maybe ur the obstructionist   We don’t see anything coming out of the senate. Maybe u should start asking the Dems to help u
Lie

You're the lamest Senate Leader in history. Obstruction is your single accomplishment to date. #repeal #repealreplace #taxreform
How about we talk about gun control!!
You're a sad, angry little man. You and your pugnacious bunch of cronies were all about obstruction when the POTUS was a democrat. Deal w/it
Change the rules!
That's great. You're the king of obstruction. Obstruction is the only thing you're good at. That, and running defense for the NRA.
No. No you don't.  Shame on you.  Party before country for you.
shut it, turtle face
Whoah man you obstructed for 8 years - I am a Republican and you were an abomination
Senate's bought/paid 4 by NRA, KOCH BROTHERS/WHITE SUPREMACISTS! USA no longer a DEMOCRACY! It's an OLIGARCHY since REPS have been in power!
Republicans continue to put "EXTREMISTS" into positions of power: i.e. TRUMP & WHITE SUPREMACIST on SCOTUS: GORSUCH, ALITO, even SCALIA!
How bizarre is it that you're making the need for a new HHR secretary the Democrats' fault? Seems to me the blame rests on @potus and Price.
You’d know a thing or two about obstruction though, wouldn’t ya, Mitch. You’re a joke.
Just like all the positions you pushed back on in the Obama administration. So stop crying & do your friggin job
Qualified? Wow FUNNY hell you are not even qualified for your job you old out of touch FOOL

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
You are a joke.

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
Hey, Mitch, they're just taking a page from your playbook. Hypocrite.
Despite @gop leadership hindrance by a verified moron, our great republic has managed to survive. Thus far.
