And we have reconstituted poppy fields in Afghanistan
Neither of them can even spell opioid, much less raise awareness.
The @SenateDems Would do a better job then you and I’m not a fan of half of them either. Smh  you suck that bad!
We have a humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico and all of the GOP seems clueless about it
pretty sure you are on the big pharma payroll. You don't care bout people just corporations
Continued as in second episode from 2 months ago?
are you related to Donald
How does feel to know that your only gonna be the leader of  your remote contol at the next election?
What about concentrating on getting American Citizens in PR the help they need without charging them? They're having to hand over their
Exactly   help ones that need it. Not abusing it
How about Puerto Rico?  Let's focus on those American citizens right now!
Start gettinh things done Mr. Leader
Legalize ALL drugs - when WW 3 happens--and it will soon-- at least it won't hurt as badly getting burned and buried alive.
LEAD! Please dear God just LEAD! Rally your fellow senators and help @POTUS keep his promises to America. PLEASE!
Is that why you tried so hard to cut health benefits for addicts?
As long as you don’t take medication from folks who need it & use it responsibly.
Except when it comes to healthcare as all trumpcare legislation has actually included cuts to those programs that provide opioid combatants
Honey, the day the gov't gives 2shits about junkies is the day I am a millionaire....
#1 Tell the pharmaceutical companies to stop producing drugs that turn people into addicts after a 7-day dose. 
#2 Care for the addicts
WTF

We're NOT helpless. Here are some measures most Americans support that could help stop future mass shootings. Pass it on. (h/t @sangerkatz) 
You’re a horrible leader and you should step down now!!!
Thanks Mitch. But I still think you should retire.
While he fights to take their Medicaid away, hypocrites.
#IncomeInequality => hopelessness => addiction? Not a big stretch. So where does that leave you on #TaxReform? http://billmoyers.com/2014/09/11/a-wealthy-capitalist-on-why-money-doesnt-trickle-down …
POTUS I think its time to sit down with Mitch & change the voting rules in the senate so we can get the agenda passed. please read this
@senateMajLr  When in God's name r u going to get the Senate signing Mountain of bills ready for u JOKERS. Stop screwing the American people
Appalachian Research Commission no advances in #Health #Human Rights Civil Rights Rule of Law #where is Money Going?
Lies! You and you’re health care bill tried to gut healthcare from Kentucky and Rand Paul knew that which is why he voted no!!!
The nation is aware!! We need ACTION ...bring back #WarOnDrugs LOCALLY
REALLY? Cuz it looks to America & the WORLD that @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is ON #opioids #sad #resign
Huh? They've been focusing on this in between cyber-bullying and the NFL? Awesome.
Well someone has to step up & try to make a difference.  What have you done lately?
Ahh the crisis u caused! Resign
Ha! I meant Melania.
- POTUS is busy with BS on NFL.
So let's cut healthcare access to people who are suffering, right, Mitch? #hypocrisy
Like you really care anything about this.  You people are awful.
McConnell - Get Out of My Congress.  You , Ryan, McCain and Graham are all Lying RINOs ...you are Fired
Cry me a river ... didn't take the expansion, thumb your nose at the ACA at the expense of #Kentucky... #pathetic #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
https://twitter.com/funder/status/913523721968783361 … @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
NEW: Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $1 million from billionaire who made a large portion of his money under Putin in Russia-in March, 2017 
and Puerto Rico?
Hehe. POTUS is forcing you to tweet, isn't he?
Does it hurt every time you have to kiss @realDonaldTrump 's ass after he knifes you in the back on a semi-daily basis? No soul, or no pride
I really feel for ppl in KY! having you as their person to work FOR them! Your hlth care plan would kill them & tax cuts for rich will hurt
Your state that you don't give a hoot about...no healthcare jobs good.schools nothing
FLOTUS incapable of thought. POTUS focus on taking a knee. Wake up
Nice words for @potus Here's what he's saying about you: https://twitter.com/jgreendc/status/912999201658818560 …
Yeah. The nation's chief drug enforcement officer had raving reviews for @potus
It's also time for the Congress to eat the same crappy health insurance the American people do!
Think it's time to repeal and replace you
Do something about something do anything pass a bill yes any bill that the house has sent you.
maybe if you did something for your people in eastern Ky. like jobs, you would not have such a drug problem!!!
Too bad you Republicans and Trump drove out the head of DEA  with your lack of ethical standards
Hope @FLOTUS is more successful at this than at stopping bullying - can't even control @POTUS , the bully in chief!
Not happening. another failure of yourself and the drug companies to accept fault.
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!!!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!!!!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!!!!!
I don't believe a word Republicans say anymore
They have done nothing except say it is bad!  What has been done?  Explain it
@potus aka @realDonaldTrump focusing on ANYTHING other than his childish squabbles is virtually impossible. KY suffers mostly due to YOU
Dont get distracted from what is front and center. Tax Reform...
U can do it.
Hey "do nothing". When are you going to take the voters' side and accomplish something in Congress.  #DoNothingCongress
We've been aware for a long time,  awareness isn't what we need,  we need solutions.  Good God wish I could get paid for tweeting nonsense!
You just tried to push a healthcare bill with no opioid money you fraud
Really, haven't heard or seen anything much.
why did you try to take away their healthcare? Tried but failed.. as usual.
But lets make sure that something to help with the crisis is cut from healthcare reform right!!??!?!?
Build the wall Mitch. Secure the southern border. Anything less is just pissing in the wind. Do your job or step aside.
Just notice that it is #opioidepidemic and not 'opiate.' Your wealthy friends (who just totally need tax cuts) created this problem
Neither one has done a single thing to stop the influx of opiates from big pharma.
It's pathetic when you act like you care.
I was born in the morning, not Yesterday morning. Just shut up. You have already proven what you stand for, laws for premeditated murder.
BETTER TO REMAIN SILENT AND BE THOUGHT A FOOL THAN SPEAK AND REMOVE ALL DOUBT! - Lincoln
You are the leader of the #RoyMoore @GOP. Be proud. Double down.  Don't back off now! You have already unzipped your fly. You're pure evil.
You could give a shit less. You have been putting forth legislation to kill them. Your actions speak volumes. Your mouth says nothing.
Didnt trump slam opioid addicts? Didnt he just say "if they dont start, there wont be a problem"  Trump isnt planning on any help. Dsnt care

I know the awareness is important. Want you to know there are many who have already been tackling this beast for along time. Heroin goes to
Resign please you are a lier. WHAT YOU PROMISE IS A PURE LIE MITCH A TRAITOR TO US
Im life time Republican mitch you are a lier
I Doubt the promise&character of the swamp that @Potus, has 2 depend on2 actually win Vs. pharma lobbyist. Put a mom, or @FLOTUS in charge.
What do u know about the #opioidepidemic here in KY? You've been in the swamp since 84 & lost touch with the working class. #DrainTheSwamp
Kentucky suffers from a lot of problems....

Perhaps they should vote you out.
You have over 100 bills from the House AND 100+ people to confirm for POTUS. WHY ARE YOU TWEETING?!?!?
Is part of raising awareness for the opioid crisis  trying to take away healthcare and taking campaign money from pharmaceutical companies?
So why don't you demand that your nutcase buddy, Sessions, reschedule medical marijuana so as to help those suffering, if you really cared.
Yawn!
Really? Facts please.
Oh right, in between tweets about the NFL
.@SenateMajLdr But here you are peddling #TrumpTaxScam #BillionaireBonus while Americans suffer #McConnellWikileaks #TrumpRussia #GoingDOWN
He is the leader of the premeditated murdering @GOP.  'Let them die and decrease the surplus population'. - Dickens/Scrooge
So you're going to legalize MMJ as a therapy to help people get off big pharma or as an alternative to an opioid death? @CivilRights @CNN

Nice tweet, what are you doing about it?
And you tried to cut funding
How many kids will die because you just don't have the time to renew CHIP? Show some ACTUAL concern for life instead of merely posing!
What exactly have they done, Mitch?
I'm sure you're accepting bribes from big Pharma on one hand and denouncing the aftermath of their practices on the other. #Shameless.


.@potus* is obsessed with the NFL and BLM. @flotus* is trying to get @realDonaldTrump to stop cyber bullying. Now, what did you say?
HOW?

Are you really that ignorant be blind to Trump's impotence?
leader of whom Democrats be a real leader of the ppl that elected President Trump and pass his agenda MAGA
What has been YOUR excuse all these years? Your state's opioid crisis is shameful.
Isn't it about time you retire and hey shouldn't you get to work on that tax reform that the present once
4 years of Trump is going to make me take heroin.
Why do I have to pay for this when I don’t have this problem?
What about Puerto Rico?
Why are you still being his cheerleader when he humiliates you so regularly?
Their representatives are driving them to drugs.
You mean DOTUS and FLOTUS?
The many deaths kinda made us all aware a long time ago. What is being done? Awareness isn't enough!!
Obama, congress created the crisis & used the ACA to profit from it. GET THE IDIOTS IN GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTH INSURANCE & CARE!
Cut the crap. Addicts made a choice. Obama hellcare enabled & vilification of law enforcement catalyzed the prob. Lock them up in jail.
Oh so when NY, SF,LA Miami were struggling with opioid issue it wasn't a problem now its in the heartland its a big deal? hypocrisy
You NEED TO RETIRE!!!!
@POTUS promised he would end the opioid crisis with a single phone call. Please hold him to it!
They can't seem to actually focus on anything.
The natural disaster in PR is right now a life and death struggle. This Administration needs to help these people with the right people $$$$
Health care premiums $1300 a month. Thanks for nothing.
It would be nice if @realDonaldTrump would declare that national emergency on opioids that he promised over a month ago...
@McConnellPress @POTUS @FLOTUS
First she solved cyber bullying and now she's fixing the opioid crisis. Way to go @FLOTUS !!!
Taking away their healthcare should fix things right up!
That's one big problem, but we voters suffer from a lot of problems which are bogged down by Senate GOP Leadership. Time for a change.
Kentucky sucks.
Haven't heard anything but lies about racial injustice and deflecting from the investigation.
Exactly, Facebook just proved that Russia wanted destabilizing Don....
What about the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico? They are US Citizens too. #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRicansAreAmericans
#legalizekentucky #legalizecannabis #oneplant #kcfc
Really? @Flotus does nothing and @realDonaldTrump is way too busy being racist
Just say no. Issue over. No soup for you says trump. Call him out wimp
it's been weeks since #Potus promised opiod action and still nothing...all talk
Sure. That's why you were trying to cut the funding for those in need.

thats why it was cut from the failed trumpcare right? because of his concern... B.S.
If you were my rep, I'd turn to drugs also.
Yeah keep trying to suck up after the healthcare fail, especially since it never included funding for the Opioid Crisis.
Why not come up with a healthcare plan that actually helps Americans..these #s are nothing when we see your actions...
How many jobs can you not do at once?
This is a joke right? @potus has focus?
You don't give a damn about the average person from KY.  Money is the only thing thst talks to you.
Aren't you glad Mitch's super PAC pissed away 9 million in Alabama?
Continued Focus would imply that trump has been focused on drugs in the first place. I haven't seen that.
Heartless, cruel @gop #Trump admin charging Puerto Ricans full flight prices https://www.rawstory.com/2017/09/trump-admin-charging-puerto-ricans-full-flight-prices/#.Wc0fbd_19S8.twitter … while Tom Price takes private jets
Can we focus on #CHIP for the next few days? #CHIPWorks
Under funding or taking away #Medicaid will help as well #GOP 
You've become irrelevant. Nobody is listening to you. All talk, no action. Empty suit.
*** R E T I R E ***
Yawn.
@MattBevin has it figured out: painted rocks & prayer  Meanwhile.. stated that have legalized marijuana seeing decrease in opioid abuse
Ummm, exactly what are they each doing? Specifics please.
The crisis for US is you.  Please resign.
! You can't repeatedly try to take away healthcare AND be focused on the #opiodcrisis! Another BS politician
Hey Mitch you need to get on board with trumps agenda or your days are numbered
Yeah your public service message to make us think you actually give a shit. Waste of a tweet we know better.
And don't forget, @KySportsRadio is going to take your senate seat.
And they want to cut the guts out of Medicaid and repeal the ACA? How do you make your turtle mouth talk out of both sides?
Trump's GOP is just like him; endless lies.
How come they have this epidemic in deep Red states? Seems like pharmaceutical abused caught up with corruption plus politicians investors
Now you are but with the healthcare  you would have taken away money for rehab
I wish you would get a clue as to what is actually going on... Your ignorance is hurting people in actual pain....
Oh, forgot, how's the investigation into the Russian $$ you accepted going?
Yeah & in the process making it impossible for people with legitimate needs for these drugs to get them. Try living with chronic pain.
Or even worse when they try and shoehorn everyone into the same set of guidelines no matter what their prognosis....
Is this why he likes you today. You woke up and started kissing his ass.
Where ya been? problem for 30 years, lots of dead people, lobbyists? special interests? You?

REMINDER: Republicans are a disgusting disgrace to the human gene pool and only loyal to their stomachs #PuertoRico
IMPEACH
Two bad republicans don't have any good senators from Kentucky!
Ain't that the truth.  KY is full of career political crooks.  Just look at @SenatorSchickel @GovMattBevin
Wondering if the shipping co. your inlaw's owns had anything to do w. .@POTUS's delay in lifting the #JonesAct.
And yet you tried to gut MEDICAID-how hypocritical of you since that is vital to getting these people help along with the kids affected
Turtle boy- do your fucking job you were elected to do; blowing Trump isn't part of job description.
IT'S BEEN 9 MONTHS, WHERE IS THE BILL TO HELP THEM?
All of America is in crisis due to @POTUS and his gang of inept, unfit, corrupt servants. You included. Shame on you all for staining   

Too late to start kissing his hiney now Mitch.... your best bet is to lean over backwards and kiss yours GOODBYE
Build the wall and deport illegal aliens.. that's a good start. Muslim brotherhood plan for the west included selling poisoned heroin..
That's good Mitch. Please don't be a thorn nor lie to the President.
Shouldn't u be working? HC  taxes immigration corrupt dems/rinos plenty of work to be done!!!! MAGA TRUMP MAGA 
What!? Focus? Or "Fuck Us?" Are u kidding? Laser focused on screwing up USA by fighting NFL? Forgetting #PuertoRico!? B(m)itch on drugs?
That's such . Show @realDonaldTrump's tweets abt #opioidepidemic. @FLOTUS goes from 1 issue to another like a w/ flowers w/no substance
