YES WE DO....Is it going to take another 7 years
and 7 months
Republicans are supposed to stand for freedom, individual liberty and free markets!!! Why do you pretend to be a republican?
get it done! You have the Presidency, House and Senate! Use your eons of experience and GET IT DONE!
You are a fraud!  A RINO!  #RandPaulForMajorityLeader!
#Trumpcare is a savage solution to a problem that doesn't exist. https://newrepublic.com/article/143870/trumpcare-savage-solution-problem-doesnt-exist … will throw 100s of thousands in KY off insurance
Get busy passing laws . First and fore most REPEAL EVERY BITE OF OBAMA CARE !! Then pass a budget . Pass tax reforms . If you do not ...
Then why are you cutting $'s that will help mental health treatment. #Shameful
"If it's what you say I love it especially later in the summer." 

―Donald J. Trump, Jr.  
#WTFComrade 
The American people deserve better than this incompetent 'president' and the disgraceful republi cons.
I think @SenJohnMcCain is pretty happy with his Obamacare coverage about now.
They deserve single payer health care.
We deserve better than you. We seem to be stuck with you. I hope you don't stick us with your crappy healthcare plan.
We deserve better than the GOP colluding with Russia against the will and desires of the majority of the USA. No wonder they backed you guys
Get a life!
If we deserve so much better, then issue all Americans the  same healthplan that you & all our legislators & senators have.
Sorry your death to the poor/tax cut for the rich bill is dead

Mitch McConnell's state would see a 227% increase in uninsured people under the health care bill he's pushing. https://twitter.com/Taniel/status/887035578050654209 …
The pain that will be felt by Americans because of #mitchmcconell and #DonaldTrump's #deathcarebill will be unbearable.
Members of Congress seem to think they deserve even better than the rest of America https://bitly.com/ 
McConnell wants to give American People what they deserve...23 million removed from healthcare and tax breaks for the rich.
REPEAL AND REPLACE O'CARE
Take my advice ... I assure you we will throw you out of leader position and the senate this next election. As an American I am fed up !!!!
We already have one party of big government and tyranny!  We don't need two the same!  Stop trying to take out conservatives in primaries!
AND WE DESERVE BETTER THAN ANY PLAN YOU COME UP WITH!!
YOUR PLAN IS WORSE THAN ACA!
TAX CUTS FOR RICH, SCREW POOR!
We deserve better than treachery from our elected officials, too.
Help.The American people are saying help.We are at the mercy of insane $ greed $ of insurance companies.Your donor$ over the people is evil.
Sir, Stop the PROPAGANDA.  You are Screwing Americans.
We deserve better than the Republican party. You all claim to be Christian then take food and healthcare away from those who need help most.
You are the pain. You and the GOP screwing the poor and middle class. Making rich even richer.

🖓🖓🖓
shame, & more Shame on you Gop slimes, quit now!, Even OC is better than your BS, Go hide...
You think they deserve no affordable health care.  Most of your constituents don't realize they're on Obama Care now!
@McConnellPress
Cut the Crap Mitch, your Health Bill is still is a Democrat Socialist plan.

STOP PLAYING GAMES
Total #Repeal
Mr. McConnell as a voter that has hell to put you in control of the senate , I would just like to advise you. Intact the nuclear act and ...
Why do we spend more on healthcare per person than do most countries with free, universal health care, to fill the pockets of cronies??????
You're not going to deliver though because you have no control over the @GOP caucus extremes, @SenatorCollins and @RandPaul . RESIGN!
Quit calling it Obama care, it is the Affordable Care Act.  Many people many were involved. Tort it, rename it, your voters are watching.
Your disasters of proposals for healthcare legislation make the ACA look nearly perfect. Hee hee.
Obama Care must be repealed completely start with a clean slate. McConnell is holding up Trumps appointments he is much too slow get moving
You believe you are the way! You failed this country for 7 years!
Obstructionist Republican
Party of NO
We block your horrible policy
You block from hate
We love America
You
2 bad republicans aren't leaders. They have proved they haven't a spine, they will say anything 2 get elected, then they will betray voters.
You left in the billions of tax breaks for richest and bailouts of insurance companies.  Still is Obama Light.   =a vote against it and GOP
Actually youre right but heres the thing. As a Gov Official maybe you should call it by the official title. Also, it's better than yours.
You are a sick individual
GOP sense of "better" is not helpful to 23 million people.
Get over it, like you even care!
The American people deserve better than you, a bitter old man who only thinks of party not country
Mitch McConnell is a monster. He is also a shameless liar & a traitor. Filth...utter filth.

We deserve better representation than you!
WE DESERVE BETTER THAN MITCH AND THE DIRTY 13!
The American People Deserve Better Than Republicans Who Continue To Turn A Blind Eye To Trump Crime Family. And we will say so with our vote
We deserve someone better than you.
We deserve more than 8 years of you being a one man death panel by jaw-boning us to death with all talk and no action. Give us what you got
We deserve better then #wealthcare
By better I am assuming you must mean more pain-because that is what your plan offers
#KillTheBill
#GOPLIES
We deserve Single Payer Now.
Yes, we need healthcare same as you. In fact, the same exact plan as yours, with the same payments - little or next to nothing $$$!
Did you know Mitch McConnell had Polio as a young boy 
That would be a pre-existing condition 
& not insurable
Not insurable for people like you and I but Mitch will be covered for sure!
American people deserve better than falsehoods generated by @SenateGOP about #Obamacare. #Kentucky uninsured dropped from 18.8% to 6.8%.
After 7 years of bitching about it, It's amazing you didn't have a plan ready to go.
Right!
Yea we deserve healthcare just like YOURS!!!!!
Vote no or vote them out
“It was a 20-minute meeting, I guess, from what I’m hearing, Many people, and many political pros, said everybody would do that.” Comment?
vs. the pain of millionaires NOT getting their tax cuts. How do you sleep at night?
the American people deserve better than this fascist bug eater running the senate.

