I suggest that those who make 500,000 or more pay all taxes and we will have more money to push our economy forward
Socialism doesn't work
Apparently capitalism doesn't either
Couldn't have said it better myself. #greattortoiseamerican

MITCH MCCONNELL & PAUL RYAN FUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD & OBAMACARE NO WALL FUNDING 2018 #GOP #Conservative #MAGA #Trump http://sck.pm/Xpf  
blah blah blah...ACTION not words!!!
With loopholes already in place, many pay little or nothing already. Sounds like more #GOPLies to me.
Think FairTax.
You are just looking to cut taxes for your masters the special interest groups that line your pockets with $$$    - liars !
#AmericaFirst  #Trump2020
#FullRepeal
How are the Kochs and TRUMPs not happy until everybody not a millionaire is squeezed of everything they own?
Starting with Trump's businesses and his daughter's.
@GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #25thAmmendmentNow for @realDonaldTrump #NoH8 #TrumpIsAKiller #RESISTANCE
If that were true, you'd be supporting Trump's agenda.
Don't you think if Businesses had a new health bill that repealed and replaced Affordable Care Act, they would be able to compete better?
Instead of a lengthy  Impeachment Process The Senate-House of Represenative can Invoke the 25th Amendment.POTUS showing Erratic Behavior
You are the ones making it beneficial for corporations to produce overseas with lower import taxes and taxe breaks for corps w office here
We conservatives don't trust D.C. at all , except President Trump and a few others , your not one I trust.
#@mooresenate
#@mobrooksforsen
We want congress to repeal/replace ObamaCare. Do your job.
Nobody buys "tax reform" we all know it's tax cuts for corp and wealthy. Just be honest about it Mitch.
And there it is- #taxreform that helps corps & not us #CitizensUnited wins again Corps won't bring back jobs They will add to bottom line
Health care first.Taxes will then be lower.Do your job
You lied about obama crap care , it's killing us.
Get to work #FullRepeal
Then get tax reform done and get the hell out of our way.  You DC rats are not our bosses, we are yours.  You screw this up, done in 18
pass TRUMP 's tax reform bill not your watered down version DITCH MITCH  DITCH MITCH  DITCH MITCH  DITCH MITCH  DITCH MITCH
#Medicaidforall or #Singlepayer would help. That way they wouldn't have to wrangle over giving/not giving healthcare benefits
Will Trump and Ivanka be bringing their businesses back?
not your watered down version. TRUMP's tax reform bill must be approved. DITCH MITCH DITCH MITCH DITCH MITCH DITCH MITCH DITCH
Well then work with President Trump.
How about the American workers being able to have great pay and benefits instead of overpaying company executives
we want Americans to have clean water and clean air! Without both we have nothing! Fixing this will lead to jobs and a future!
Such utter Trollope. France has some of highest paid skilled workers & manuf plants pay some of highest taxes! FranceINVESTS in thrPEOPLE.
With 2.7 million jobs unfortunately no one wants raise the minimum wage to make them more appealing!
Don't make a move on #taxreform til @potus shows us his taxes. We must know who benefits. He MUST be transparent re conflicts of interest.

Retired Marine @AmyMcGrathKY has launched her campaign to take back Kentucky's 6th District from the #GOP. #KYPol 
Then why haven't you repealed Obamacare? It is the one thing that hurts our businesses more than any other reform.
Are you sure the Chinese don't have your undivided loyalty?
Really?? Are you actually going to pass something besides sanctions on our President? I'm so angry Let's see what u actually do not say!
why does @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump still make their stuff in China? I don't hear you complaining about that! #TrumpPuppet
Instead of investing in growing skills for a competitive workforce, GOP want to bring back dead cheap jobs and give the money to the 1%
Mitch"TheTurtle"McConnell #DeeTeezyNuts! Needs Help
Building His Wall....Go Help Your OrangeBuddy! #foo
So taking away health care, limiting the very thing that made us who we are, immigrants, is going to do that? Go home old man. Go home.
That will be the first time in 30 years you want Americans to do good without your cut of the pie.
Lower taxes for big biz discourage re-investment in companies, not encourage it. #taxtruth
Why persist on pushing unnecessary programs like tax reform when important issues like infrastructure development loom large?
Employment is at historic low... and you rationalize cutting taxes to create more jobs?  #BrainlessMajorityLeader
Then REPEAL Obamacare!!!!!
They tried. They failed. So much for winning.
Giving tax cuts to your billionaire campaign donors isn't good for business. It's called a political favor
You're an immoral liar supporting the traitor @realDonaldTrump.  Together you're destroying American.  Disgraceful #GOPLiesMatter
Competing pretty strong now Mitch.  

Might need to switch your tax cut woody for a build infrastructure woody.

How 'bout them apples?
After 8 yrs. of OBSTRUCTION the QUEEN wants jobs back? Who are you? 8 yrs. of doing LOBBYISTS work instead of "we the people"?
THEN LEAD THE SENATE AND PASS TRUMP TAX REFORM!!!!!
All you do is talk n make promises 
Start doing ur job bc Americans r tired of nothing but talk. We will vote everyone of u out if u don't
Nothing you say is believable, nothing. You lie & so quickly ignore the heinous crap you & your fellow cronies did during Obama's days.
do as @realDonaldTrump outsource to China and Mexico .  more profits
Liar
I know you may be a slow learner, but I'm pretty sure when businesses make big profit, that encourages them to seek bigger profits, not jobs
You mean businesses like Trumps? His products are NOT produced here. Is he bringing his back to US and providing jobs? Are you?
How about giving people tax cuts so they have money to spend?  Trickle down bs does not work... no brainer really.
Plz resign
Quit blabbering about it and just DO IT...after you come back from your one-month vacation of course.
Hello Sen McConell I am writing you to say that I am very disappointed in the failure to pass the repeal and replace , cmon let's do it
Stop pissing on us with your damn trickle down economics, you liar!  We know you don't even care about KY, let alone the rest of the US
What jobs are you expecting to bring back when unemployment is already less than 4.5%? Not coal?
So, American companies can no longer be international companies? No more off shore manufacturing? No more foreign offices?No hiding profits?
Like an Ark Adventure
Gee, Trump has been bragging about the economy. Sounds like businesses are doing just fine WITHOUT TAX CUTS!
If you truly love America, resign and let someone else lead where you have failed!!!!!
#TheRaiseAct
Hay! You still haven't repealed Obamacare. The taxpayers can't afford to fund it and there can't be tax reform as long as it's in place. 
Have Trump stop sending his items to China to be made. Lead by example.
You are wrong business get great tax breaks. If they trickle down to workers mandated then maybe!
How about fixing our broken healthcare coverage FIRST? Or, are you moving away from 7 yrs of promises? @POTUS said to get back to work!
How'd that feel, Mitch? Asking for a friend.
And how much $$ are they putting in your pocket for saying that?  Come on Froggie, you don't work unless there's a little something xtra 4 u
What difference does it make you and your  thing you call potus are going to destroy this nation . YOU NEED TO RESIGN ALONG WITH RYAN
Obama laughs at you every night.
This is BS, Mitch. Tax cuts won't bring back jobs. Why not pass a law that bans factories using robots? Robots mean lost jobs, Mitch.
Small biz? Big biz? Multinationals? How do families making $250k or less get impacted?
The economy is booming for the rich & connected, tanking for those who 'play by the rules'...taxes ain't the issue Mitch
@McConnellPress it does not work that way Mitch, they will take the money and continue to ship good jobs out of USA!
Nope. We want the American PEOPLE to have the best chance to succeed. People first. Corps are not people.
You have a bigger problem. You have a deranged man heading America AND YOU KNOW IT and worse YOU ARE DOING NOTHING ABOUT IT.
I have no confidence that you get up every day and work to help America. You've lost that drive years ago.
"Trickle down economics" is a euphemism for "piss on economics"!
Trump bragged yesterday saying that corporate incomes are at all time highs? So they hardly need a tax break to increase profits! Wake up!
This mentality doesn't work! It didn't work for Reagan and it won't work for you! CEO incomes are at all time highs!They don't need a raise!
So will be holding off from letting Senate take 5wks off until Tax reform,Ocare repealed&replaced,2018 budget ready Sept 1st&infrastructure
Let me guess..Trickle down economics? Give more money to CEO's and stockholders and supposedly this will allow companies to hire more people
Since when do u really care about what's best for America? I haven't forgotten wealthcare. You're record shows u favor party/people.
Always.
You aren't a leader to accomplish anything good for the people, but you know how not to do anything
WE ARE.....THE TRUMP TRAIN...we don't care what you want "LOSER"
Like preventing American companies from filing USA taxes by setting up a dummy office in the Caribbean?
no GOP tax plan has EVER helped the economy. They only help the top 2%. Sad,
your talk is hollow until you do something. You need to actually do some work
then #legalizekentucky #legalizecannabis #oneplantcansavetheworld
How's your sleazy campaign in Alabama? U should be ashamed if yourself.  Step down give the GOP a break. U made enough $$$ off of USA
Healthcare Mitch healthcare no August recess. You had seven years and did nothing now get it done.
You've screwed us on healthcare reform and failed us.  What manners you think you can get tax reform right. Please step down give us a break
@SpeakerRyan Shame for permitting COMEY, LYNCH, OBAMA, CLINTON holdovers to cover up criminal activity and attempt coup of EXECUTIVE.
YOU NEED TO GO!!!!!!!! 
Then resign your position.
@SpeakerRyan Shame on Senate and House for allowing civil servants and appointees TRYING to overthrow TRUMP/people's will. OVERSIGHT, HELLO!
Bi partisan
Wow!  The first tweet from you in a while that doesn't slam OCare.

Do me a favor: find 20 American-made items in your house.

I'll wait.
I want that too. I still don't trust you to provide a fair version.
Mitch our boy 45 is struggling.
You do know Trickle Down is total bullshit right? Look @ Kansas. Raise minimum wage to a livable wage & give buying power to the people!
THIS ADMIN IS RACIST & SETTING US BACK YEARS! ENOUGH OF THIS SOCIOPATHIC DISASTER OF A PRESIDENT! U WILL ALL GO DOWN WITH HIM! IMPEACH!!!!!!
Is it going to be like healthcare reform? A clear plan presented to the public, debated openly? . . . Oh wait it was a total shit show.
Please educate yourself on the tax reform  before bashing them. Most tweeting have no clue Low info voters. U have never seen real growth
Oh, please educate us.
I'm a small business owner.  We need tax reform.
Don't trust you anymore, actions count, your words don't
Sure you do.
So much work to do. Stay in DC get some stuff done. We are so over all these vacations and time off #maga get your shit together go nuclear
MCCONNELL: IMPEACH Trump now! WHAT'S IT GOING TO TAKE, NUCLEAR WAR? You idiots got him elected-it's your duty to get Trump out!@Lawrence @AP
@realDonaldTrump Trump: you are going to jail soon. No pardon will fix it. Be smart - quit now! Go back to the swamp you came from @reuters
I'm looking forward to watching the GOP tax reform debacle unfold.
Tax cut for rich @ expense of Americans!You will fail, just like healthcare! Americans will fight you till it's DOA! IMPEACH! @HardballChris
Best thing would be repeal of O-care. Second best-lower tax rates for small businesses & corporations.
#ObamaCare is killing American businesses.
You only seem to be aware of global business success for big corporations.   What about small businesses in the US that globalism kills?
You have been in office since 1975 and worth over 22 mil. You sold us out in the first place.
How many time must u fail turtle.  Get back in ur shell. Bad turtle  bad
Pass the RAISE act.
ALL PROMISED- HC, TAX RFM, MILITARY, INFRAS, WALL. PREZ ALREADY #MAGA  APPOINTED SCOTUS,  >JOBS, >STK MKT. MOVE- GO, GO, GO NO AUG RECESS 
Maybe the Republicans a nd the Democrats should work with each other. Give some and take some you just might be successful.
climate change deniers, watch this film !!
NO U don't! Or U would hv bn helping RPres pass HCare&upcoming tax reform! Uhate t fact that Trumps RPres& your an obstructionist! ProveMeWr
I just stood up for you now start treating Trump's Supporters like real Republicans. The fact is you have BACKSTABBERS like McCain start
calling them out for their betrayal. Stop funding their campaigns and help us replace them.
Traitors.
@realdonaldtrump #BS fm #TRUMP BITCH #mitchmcconnell translate taxreform TAX BREAK #FILTHYRICH No #JOBS  #INFRASTRUCTURE >#WAGESTAGNATION
We want America to have the best healthcare! UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE FOR ALL!
By allowing trump to create a merit base immigration system. now I have to worry about this country being flooded with people work fo less $
I have it! Let's set zero minimum wage and allow companies to spend unlimited $ on elections. Zero unemployment then.
Those jobs are never coming back. We need the jobs of the future, not the past.
We don't want 3rdworld jobs that pay below a living wage while corp fat cats get fatter & the economy plunges. That's exactly what'll happen
@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Need Tax Cuts But Immigration Reform CRITICAL-Support Raise Act, US Workers #RealDonaldTrump
Are you saying "Trickle Down economics" interestingly you left out the most important part of the equation "PEOPLE"
Another tax reform for billionaire ... i bet on page 2 there is it again ^^
You lost every credit ... RESIGN now!
How many of any of the Trumps products are made in the USA?      That would be ZERO.
REPEAL Obamacare..REPLACE you liars! every last mother's son of you!
American Biz is doing fine. It won't bring jobs back. The extra money will go to shareholders & executives. You have been bought senator.
He loves every second
you're gone as soon as your up for re election
Stop the senate vacation.  Vote again on repealing Obamacare.  Or resign your leadership position.
How many times do you want them to lose the vote?
You are good for nothing. Retire
so you fail with health care and go into this other stomp. Tell me again how much you won in the last election because you are a loser
How about this- pass healthcare that does NOT give Medicaid to able bodied able to work adult persons and NOT to illegal aliens?? #Lobbyists

BullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshit! You're a terrible representative of the people!
They made a Silence of the lambs sequel bout 15-20 years ago, no joke you look exactly like Gary Oldman in that movie almost exactly
I never get tired of this
While the Trump's mfg their crap and stash their money laundering profits overseas?
Yeah? Then why are you saddling businesses with Obamacare? Heed @realDonaldTrump. Change the Sen rules & repeal it now w/51 votes or resign!
Now work with Dem's and fix ACA instead of sabotaging and obstructing it. #MAGA #Trumptrain #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst #NRA #DTS #fakenews
@SenateGOP Our chances would be greater at reaching those goals if you would relinquish your Senate Majority Leader position.
Corporate profits hit an all time record under Obama. You dont know the mechanics of labor economics.
Yeah these guys that own you can't wait for bigger tax breaks
The Ice Man not Cometh back!
Trump said businesses were making record profits. When it is time for citizens to get a break? Not everyone has stocks or even savings.
Nitwit jobs are gone-need new training and new skills!
Sure!  Try again.
Don't try that trickle down economics shit. It doesn't work.
So stop wasting time trying to pass your failure medical insurance bills & focus on the tax reform that is supposed to help the middle class
No you don't. You have the chance to DO something and you go on recess.
Bull. You're only interested in big corporations' monetary donations
