I do not think you understand the meaning of obstruction.  Call Merrick Garland & he will explain.
@CNN @POTUS Your own words prove you wrong. Trump is campaigning 2020 & shouldn't get a SCOTUS nominee.
he has already filed for 2020 and is taking donations therefore he is campaigning. No SCOTUS!
you obstructed a good man under Obama and somehow it changed? #wankpuffin
Thank you for distancing yourself on Russia, voter fraud and the travel ban.
@POTUS@SenateMajLdrr @jaketapper @CNNSotu @POTUS 

Support the President on the travel ban!
@McConnellPress @jaketapper @CNNSotu @POTUS  You hypocritical partisan hack
Looking forward to watching you bloviate all that drivel. Break a hip.....I mean foot
dem obstruction? Who taught them how? You are deluded
Calling BS. You stole Obama's rightful appt & trying to change the story. You are dishonest
Saw it U R not fully behind DJT & the people voted for him best U stand by him
Come on! Do you remember your own obstruction of President Obama? And Trump is threatening judges, i.e. Democracy!
Good job Senator; I appreciate you not kneeling before King Trump and his pronouncements. Stay on him.
Don't care!  Kentucky Christians don't like Bannon!  Wolf in sheeps cloth!  Watch him Mitch!
.@SenateMajLdr @McConnellPress @jaketapper @CNNSotu @POTUS You're the master of obstruction. Traitor.
like you have never obstructed anything
You're a snake hypocrite, McConnell.  Not to be trusted. More in league with Schumer.
All of President Bannon's nominees are terrible and should be opposed.
Merrick Garland.
Jake hopefully ask why you're such a big old hypocrite
Yet, you didn't condemn Trump's statement defending Putin at expense of USA - You are Shameful.
Hypocrite and liar. Term limits!
Senator, your appearance was embarrassing. What will it take for you to stand up to the @POTUS? Sad.
This is why Trump won. GOP voters tired of all talk, political correct losers like u. Ur boring
People elected Trump president not you.Your being played by CNN.They always go to the same stooges
SHAME @SenateMajLdr your going defend @realDonaldTrump til he pushes the button? GOP so desperate?
Remember when you Republicans refused to hold confirmation hearings for Garland?
I stand w/ @POTUS YES to 51 vote option to pass #SCOTUSnominee we need common sense back NOW NOW NOW
Remember this? 
Still waiting for answer why #MerrickGarland wasn't given a hearing? you are a #liar #hypocrite & #coward
Stolen seat. You oughta know.
Yeah CLINTON NEWS NETWORK refused to interview a pro Trump voice, they can always rely in U RHINO
mitch, you're an old fool who will be rightly painted as a villain in our history books.
don't be a hypocrite & talk obstruction since you are on tape with your intent to obstruct Obama
"So I can defend Trump comparing US citizens to murderous Putin. I don't care about our country."
Mr senater Pleas stop giving excuses for POTUS opinion of Judges or anyone in the senate
Why must Trump obey the illegal rulings if he has every lawful right to continue the travel ban?
how many lies can you tell in a 20 minute segment? Will you lie more than trump?
I can't believe you are ok with what @realDonaldTrump said about putin on @oreillyfactor #MakeAmericaRussiaNOT
won't comment on things the POTUS says, unless they're a Democrat, or black, or if could be a woman.
How about you find some excellent selections for Sec of Education, Treasury & Energy?! And cancel his Twitter!
could you be anymore delusional or hypocritical. We remember the garland hearing so well
You guys need to get AG Sessions done this week. America needs him more than ever!!! Get it DONE!!
#tapelove #resist
Dem. Obstruction? @SenateMajLdr is the personification of legislative constipation! Party over country for him.
's wife to be in @POTUS 's cabinet makes his obstruction argument smell worse than usual
@jaketapper @CNNSotu
Discuss your vote to poison streams. Coal jobs moot when constituents dying of cancer. Best not repeal ACA!
the Senate is full of spineless hypocrites. Look in the mirror.
finally strong to taste your own medicine huh
you have to advertise for yourself. Since no body is interested at what you have to say
.@SenateMajLdr Sorry, sir, but you have literally zero standing to complain about obstruction.
Good to see you survived the Bowling Green massacre!
Bannon/Trump TEST Your loyalty 2 FASCISM.WHY Have U NOT Challenged Them? FASCISM 4EVER as GORSUCH?
.@SenateMajLdr @jaketapper @CNNSotu @POTUS just nuke the DIMMS majority rule head CLOWN @SenSchumer has 15mil @georgesoros nothing @HouseGOP
What about DeVos? What can you share with us that makes her the rt choice for Education sec?
Mr. Tapper, please hold his feet to the fire on his total obstruction of Pres @POTUS44
just as you did with nominee Garland.  As you have shown, you shall reap.
like you did to the Obama admin, every chance you could!
the hypocrisy is amazing U R a greedy traitor
Senator McConnell, you might question why the Dems are partnering with violent anarchy groups.
Will u b telling us u r ready to do ur job? #boycottjaketapper during McConnell interview
I would like to hear more about the qualifications of @BetsyDeVos can you list them and explain
Or instead of dwelling in the swamp, you could find a patriot position; abide by the constitution
Merrick. Garland.
old SOB like McConnell keeps status quo failing2recognize changing America.would go back2 slavery
furthermore Tapper point out it would be despicable to appoint scotus w/o over 60 votes
McConnell=unethical hateful incompetent who wheels& deals4 self&wife's personal gain 4 too long
can u acknowledge the concerns rather than just throw mud? #civildiscourse #higherground
u hypocrite
Most hated senator on the hill. Impeach mcconnell
the dems are not the only ones 'obstructing'. They learned it from you and the Republicans
Your hypocrisy is appalling.  I'm fine with 7 on  the Supreme Court. #GiveMerrittGarlandaVOTE
Practicing your Trump inpersonation or is his hand up yr butt controlling you like a puppet?
1st: YOU are the epitome of obstruction. 2nd: Thought @CNN was fake news to your set. #DELUSIONAL
DeVos $, traitor to the republic
Good ole Mitch McConnell - The definition of love of power over love of country
Who MERRICK GARLAND?

pease also discuss your obstruction to Merrick Garland's appointment.
hypocrite! How can u talk about Dem obstruction when u did it for 8 years with Obama? What the actual fuck?
please, with the obstruction. But, I guess maybe you'd know...
Maybe you can also discuss you failed leadership of this country during the last eight years.
YOU SHOULD BE WORKING TO CONFIRM SESSION..
And Republican obstruction for 8 years doesn't count? We remember. MERRICK GARLAND.
more patheticcorrupt Mitch liar corrupt traitor-show us your record under Obama you liar .. 2018
@dougan55 @jaketapper @CNNSotu @POTUS You are one despicable criminal!
obstructionist..mirror, mirror
No thanks.  I will be re-reading my Holocaust books to stay informed on how to oppose your Nazi party..
#socalledPotus 
You, Mr. McConnell are chief obstructionist. I hope the dems learned from you.
you frigging turtle no gives a shit about what you have to say another child in man suit
Will you explain why you were against Garland?
You are a traitor to the US.
#LockHimUp
#RussianPuppet
please discuss  your past 8yr obstruction & hypocritical behavior
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT and QUIT complaining.  ACTION not words Mitch!
Why support a biased aristocrat that puts corporations before the people?  Not Acceptable!
congratulations, hypocrite. You and @POTUS have something in common: lowest approval ratings of elected official in history.
You felt it appropriate to block Garland, hypocrite. RETIRE ALREADY.
if anyone knows obstruction, it's you McConnell
Hypocritical in light of facts. You do remember what facts are?
You've been a great role model for obstruction of a Supreme Court appointment.  Thanks for the tutorial.
YOU ARE THE WORST OBSTRUCTIONIST IN SENATE HISTORY. HENRY CLAY IS SPINNING IN HIS GRAVE.
- never.
please put another picture by you tweeter b.s. It gets to me every time & not in a good way.
our dual focus is to deny Trump a 2nd term and block #SCOTUSnominee - sound familiar??
you want to talk about obstructing? LOL you're a lying hypocritical CROOK! Shame on you!!
This is a sad excuse for a leader. And a big league liar! Can't look at him!
How dare you accuse Dems of obstruction? #hypocrite #norespect
STOP PANDERING TO THIS MAN CHILD!!
discuss the need to impeach trump now/don't say he's doing a great job/big trump fundraiser wkend
this pathetic turtle has no shame
coming from you Mitch that is really rich; what you did to Judge Garland (&the American people) is an abomination!
talk about garland/also how you're allowing Trump to ruin the country for your own gain/no spine
#hypocrite
why don't we just keep the 8 like you were fine with b4 https://www.theguardian.com/law/2016/nov/01/republican-senators-oppose-clinton-supreme-court-nominee …
JT, we NEED you to hold him accountable. He spent 8yrs obstructing a man that tried to help us. Mitch is spineless
will you mention your own shameful obstruction of merrick Garland, Shame!
Balls...pure balls.
Have you no shame. This is not a game. You are destroying the country.
the biggest obstructionist during Obama's rein why are u pointing fingers noyou hypocritical fuck
Poor Jake
thanks for the warning
We will all tune in to SOTU to get a refresher course on your blubbering hypocrisy.
I hope you don't say anything stupid, like you often do. The nation will be listening!
resign!
Ask Schumer to call of his Brownshirts.
#GOPHypocrisy. You're getting the same treatment you gave Obama for 6 years.
HEY JAKE ASK HIM HOW MANY TIMES HE VOTED TO RAISE HIS OWN PAY BUT AGAINST M.WAGE, TOO, OK?
perfect. You can start by saying "well, when I did this exact thing only one year ago...."
McConnell, when are you going to start caring about America?
surprised you know the word "obstruction" given the last 8 yrs. You just learn a new word Senator?
yes Tapper. Don't go all Chris Matthews on him by rolling over like a dog when answers get stupid.
you are the worst senator ever
is it the same obstruction you did with Obama & Garland you liar and hypocritical bigot
How about discussing your 8 years of malfeasance & dereliction of duty during the Obama years?
I guess @jaketapper couldn't get Bannon on this week..had to settle for Bannon's plaything
By crying "obstruction" you are no longer even pretending to defend our Constitution.
U are an irresponsible leader if you are supporting cabinet picks that lack experience and ethics
Sen McConnell what about how long you obstructed Merrick Garland? Have you no shame? #StolenSeat
.@SenateMajLdr  @POTUS All this after you did evrthng you could to keep the country moving over the last eight years The NERVE of some ppl!
oh and discussing what an excellent selection obama made and YOU OBSTRUCTED. Sack of sh""t.

How about how Dems don't have to work Trump a 1 term President, he'll do it himself! #Teapotdome
No.
Jake I hope u remind him of his obstructionist ways, and have backup of Pres nominating SCOTUS in "election years"
You do not serve the people of the US. It is a national embarrassment to call you a public servant. You should resign.
so when are you going to set up the hearings for REAL SUPREME COURT JUSTICE? Not this full in!
how about impeachment.  Talk about that.
But first let's talk about what you did for 8 year's. Your going to lose it all.
