BOOM!! Fact Mitch McConnell can put Trump's people in place and pass his agenda, Republicans have 52 votes! ~ Joe Manchin 
@SenateGOP
Just saw that. If this is true, McConnell is a disgrace to the Rep. party and dishonest to the American pple and where is Paul Ryan? Rinos
And the annexation of the West Bank which has been a point of contention ever since.
How many Kentuckian are on Medicaid? ...Crickets......
You were only 400 years old back then...the good old days
The Democrats have waged a war against OUR President for 120+ days & YOU are not doing enough to protect your wife's Boss. Get in gear Mitch
Yes let's celebrate a an event that brought so much peace and love to the world. Do your job.
It did provide peace. For the Jewish peace and the Jewish state. Arabs are still butt hurt over the fact that Jews have a state at Jerusalem
Israel was a nation made by taking the land from Palestinians. Who will stand with them? Why do you think they hate us so much?
Hmmmm wasn't Netanyahu  and wife under investigation for Corruption? Guess GOP Christians not so bothered by that.
Marks yet another anniversary of a terrorist attack against the Palestinians. Evicting Palestinians from their homes & stealing their land.
As if you care. Your false admiration of Israel is touching. Really.
How come your American history isn't that good?
Give the land back to the people!   Palestine will always be Palestine! Crook!!!
Do your job on Approving Trump Admin. Congress cancel remaining days off. Work like Trump
You do realize that @GOP will be to blame for not stopping this insanity, right?
One of the prophesies of the Apocalypse and the time marks the end of 7 times 7 years.

Cry Uncle: (US, idiomatic) To beg for mercy; to give up; to ask to stop (something painful or unbearable)
Hey turtle stop tweeting and start worrying about the manic in office ur protecting.
What about the judges.  R we going to get any district & circuit court judges confirmed this year?
PLZ READ ASAP: DNC used this Crowdstrike: Shawn Henry was Pres for Crowd and FBI for Cyber Div. DEITZ CIA IMPORTANT
U gambled and lost. selling your soul to the devil was the easy way out. Americans don't respect "easy"; we respect what's "right"
That is fantastic ! How about the health care bill and tax reform PROMISES ? C'mon Leader 
A leader condoning occupation of another country by an apartheid state is no leader.I regret having "switched to Mitch" when u seemed decent
Stealing land from #Palestinians. #Yay. When will "reunification" happen for #NativeAmericans?
Candidate Trump promised to move our embassy to Jerusalem. 
President Trump is dragging his feet.
Why do U care?
I remember. How is Healthcare and tax reform going?
SO MOVE THE EMBASSY TO JERUSALEM.  QUIT KISSING EVIL MUSLIM ASS. PALESTINIANS R TERRORISTS & HAVE NEVER HAD JERUSALEM. ISRAELS 4 3000 YRS
When are you get POTUS ambassadors nominated and passed? Whycwating our time. Healthcare must be repealed
Marks the year of jubilee
Getbusy @SenateMajLdr on #Presidentagenda. #Wethepeople 
#gotoureyesonyou @SpeakerRyan Stop letting #Stupidity of the #Democrats  OutsmartYa
Dude do your job. Pass #RepealAndReplace of Obamacare
Not going to happen
That's it ? How about getting something done for us !!
Merrick Garland
.@SenateMajLdr Meanwhile, corrupt criminals now occupy the highest office in our nation, aided and abetted by GOP. #TRUMPRUSSIA
Thanks for the history lesson ... you learn that from your Kentucky education or did an intern tweet that for you ?

And? When will you just go away? How does it feel to be one of the most hated people in America? Phony.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
49 is the prophetic 7 times 7 of the Apocalypse.
What did your Viagra kick in and had nobody to play with. Go take a nap old man
Sure because looking back over the past 50 years the results have proven to bring security and peace to the Middle East? #GOPLIES
Israel is a bully to the Palestinians.
Complicit Liar- Disgrace to Americans
Turtle, turtle,turtle!!!!
Hey troll
