sooo you'll put yourself on said plan then?!?
Why should they Dems didn’t put themselves on original plan.
let's also be honest too; Obamacare was a step up for most Americans covering pre-existing conditions, etc
I’ll take your word.  A burden for others.  I support promoting people venturing out and finding jobs that offer HC.  Their all over country
yes consider Ryan & preexisting condition. Also Not everyone gets company healthcare that's working like me
But that’s a choice one makes.  (You have some other badass perks) other hardworking Americans shouldn’t be burdened with it.
sorry you couldn't be more incorrect. Healthcare is absolutely & all of us collectively pay into it much like military etc
Our government is responsible for our defense.  Everything else is up to us and local.  I pay into SS and it won’t be there for me.  Why?
WE ELECTED & SUPPORT PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP
Follow President's Policies...pass those bills in the @SenateGOP
You NEED to STOP been 2 faces - work together with @POTUS in ALL OF his agenda for the good of WeThePeople
It will work for some but we will be back to people going bankrupt over these junk policies. We are ALL one step away from a health crisis.
Have you not heard some already have Because you all failed to stop this thing in the first place. HC doesn't belong in the government
Gvt  not in HC business. Still at mercy of Insurance companies whose profits are up. Ask yourself why EVERY healthcare group against repeal?
Because the gov cut a deal with them. By giving so called subsidies to off set the cost you still can't afford. OC should have been a no.
Health care was a disaster before ACA. Better but still broken with ACA. Back to junk plans.
I think you would find most people who had Ins before ACA liked what they had. You all could have helped with gaps maybe??
Do u just pull these lies outta ur ass, or do u put thought into them. Either way YOU LIE!

From now on, anyone who pays more for health coverage or loses it due to preexisting condition can ONLY blame @realDonaldTrump & #Trumpcare.
Does the ACA continu to fail Americns? If so, why hasn't the Repubn majority bn able to devise a better plan? Think we r idiots to belv this
Stop kissing his ring.
It sucks and you know it. Trump care we will call it now so everyone knows who to blame when it fails !! GOP is dead 2018 2020
Such BS and you know it. This man lies more than that thing on His head. Do not be afraid to speak up.  Think if the country . Putin double
On which planet?
You are out of your mind. Both insurance premiums and the DEFICIT will go up because of his executive order. #4Shame
You should be ashamed
Deregulation, especially via rescinding/revising executive orders is highly productive. Create a Task Force. Hire auditors. Publish results.
Time for Pontus to do something abt healthcare cost since Senate would not. Time for you to put something on Trumps desk for signing
REMEMBER MITCH WHEN YOU MEET WITH MR. TRUMP ON 10/16/17, THE PEOPLE ARE YOUR BOSS NOT TRUMP! 71% OF THE PEOPLE DO NOT WANT THE ACA REPEALED!


As @POTUS continues to kill the #ACA...
Collins voted against repeal of Obamacare. We won’t forget
Fought and stole the Indians land stuck them on reservations changed history to reflex them possitivly
YANKS BEAT THE INDIANS. CYA!!!! #ALCS #NYYVSHOU
Hey stop with your incidious tweets I could careless about baseball it's boring as he'll I'm not interested in what a dummy has to say
One Lie after another, lie to yourself and the rest of the @GOP but stop doing it to the U.S. Citizens. Money only makes you speak LIES
I beg to differ: It is U, members of dysfunctional no working Congress who are failing Americans.  Not ALL blind  VOTING U OUT OF OFFICE!!!
Lie
fuck you
that's it, good to get on board w/POTUS or hit the road.
Only way you can help healthcare in America is a single payer like Canada.
You know he doesn't tweet on @potus @realDonaldTrump   #chickentostandupforUS. #25for45
The @GOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @HouseGOP are the REAL failures of the American people. Dumpy’s a lying traitor
Have you lost your mind ole man
Well you know he doesn’t have a heart
Affordable with no coverage! Makes sense to morons!  Yay @GOP  destroys democracy party of ugly old white racist men
Worse.....the entire administration is SHIT
But what the country president is offering is better... sad state of affairs we are living in.
What about older Americans not old enough 4 Medicare, not poor enough 4 Medicaid? You're just going to watch while the market fails for us?
Hey where have you been. It already is and has. If you say you can afford Obamacare your are a liar if you are a senior!
At least I know I can still buy insurance with preexisting conditions. I've been on individual market forever & ACA is better than before.
It continues to fail b/c you and the GOP and the POTUS have done everything you can to FORCE IT TO FAIL. Never once an idea for bettering
He is killing the poor Mitch.Shame on him and shame on you and your ilk.
You had 7 years to fix it and you did nothing when Republicans had both house and senate for 3 years.
Putting up another Ditch Mitch bill board in Louisville next week. One of the big digital ones. Next to the fair grounds. Tired of your ass.
What a crock......!
Now that you've beaten it up and shot it full of holes, yeah, the ACA will die a painful death.  How many Americans will suffer as a result?
No you’re failing America by not repealing it and screwing those of us forced to buy this crap!
You are a #LIAR #rootandbranch
Exactly what are you, on the Hill, smoking? You sound almost as delusional as @POTUS

President's health care decision hits pro-Trump states hard.
By @AP_Christina and @meghanhoyer.
http://apne.ws/YhiRmJw 
"For some people it will be a death sentence,". "I think it's kind of a tragic decision on the president's part...
We (republicans) know you support NOTHING Potus is for. You are on your way out if you do not start pushing through the nominated judges .
It may be affordable for the young while rates jump for most. Let's not forget the millions who lose healthcare all together. The American people deserve better than Pet Insurance.
Fails? Let’s word this more accurately- as the #GOP & #CrookedDonald destroy #Obamacare #EpicFail
I thought Republicans didn't approve of Executive Orders to do what can't get done thru the Legislative Branch. Hypocritical much?
Mr Trump is doing it all while you can't find your butt with both hands.
Your silence allows DT who is destroying the GOP to continue and Bannon to target you. When is enough,enough.
Obamacare is not failing America you useless poc's in Washington are failing everyone. You are so busy listening to the lobbyists
And special interest groups you've become corrupt and useless to real Americans.
You are such an obedient little pouch

that's a Russian move, say it right " Putin told y'all to do this to the people you work for, you're brainwashed, sad!!
But I bet your insurance is nice and tight,right?
BTW not a good sign when annual enrollment is delayed at LARGE home improvement company for employees due to #45. This is NOT ACA plan.
Your true colors are showing.  Trump is doing what he can to ensure it fails.  His actions are hurting the poorest and you’re supporting him
Awful!!! How could you say this!!
what we need is true republicans to help Our President repel and replace not a damn bunch of Rhinos on HRC  & Soros payroll undermining him
That was your job. President is doing his part but you have the power to move agenda and you won't.
Give me a break. You don't actually believe any of this. You're either completely evil or just plain dumb. People matter!
What are you smiling about? Killing people or just impoverishing them? History will show your shame.
Like the American people don’t know about that Koch payday @SenateMajLdr and @GOP get if and when you repeal the #ACA #traitor #DitchMitch
As @SenateMajLdr continues to fail Americans, I’m pleased that #kentuckians are finally starting to see thru your b.s. #DitchMitch
The President is trying to make up for the failures of Senate "leadership" and keep promises to the American public!
Those who complain should read through the 3000 pages. There are some terrible things hidden in there
Thank you, Sir.
You get nothing done! Any other job you would be fired 100 times over. You need to resign @SenateMajLdr let someone who wants to MAGA in!!
When will you start doing the work for American people? Your do nothing Senate is a disgrace can't wait to replace all Republican Senators
He's slashed the promotional budget, shortened enrollment period, cut subsidies, allowed high risk pools & reduced coverage.
Any boat will sink if you poke enough holes in it.  #SheriffofNottingham #NotFoolingUs
Glad you are pleased with at @POTUS actions on Healthcare. Now, how about YOU actually TRY to be a Leader and actually DO something!
YOU'RE A WORST LIAR THAN TRUMP! QUIT GIVING US BULLCRAP!
So far GOP HEALTH PLANS HAVE BEEN BUMMERS HELPING ONLY THE RICH HURTING THE POOR!
So hell bent on undoing the black man’s accomplishments, you hurt the people that really need it, God help you, you racist hypocrite.
If it was true that Obamacare has been failing, why would you need to work so hard trying to kill it? 
You continue to fail Americans.
I have never detested a group as much as this leadership and this administration and mostly for all the lying you do.
Get DJT "Liar-in-Chief" out of office. He has screwed the American people with his sabotage of ACA & tells us we'll have great healthcare-HA
I HAVEN''t SEEN ONE AFFORDALE PLAN FOR ALL AMERICANS.THE TWO GOP PLANS DID NOTHING TO HELP ALL,AGAIN LEAVING MILLIONS WITHOUT CARE!
Leader of what Mitch? THE MOST PATHETIC SO CALLED POLITICIAN AMERICA HAS EVER PRODUCED! Leading idiots right down the drain, of the commode!
No thanks to you. You need to leave the Senate.
You care about NO ONE but yourself. You are fooling no one. Time for Americans to clean house!
It "fails" w/ @GOP PUSHING IT ALONG!  #DoYourFngJOB and fix it ... instead of sticking it to low income Americans.
Ur responsible for the recession thats gonna hit when a lot of people that work for the medical field lose their jobs. N the people with
Pre existing conditions lose their homes n have to chose between meds or meals. It's trumpcare now. The bloods on ur hands
Fiction,  lies and more lies.  Don't insult my intelligence.
All it is is a white wash of the Obama legacy, like, erase all good done by " the black man" at all cost
who pours the gas and who drops the match #aca #obamacare Trump now owns it. you too
You and your callous colleagues refuse to fund the law properly... you're like the bully that says "stop hitting yourself" when your holding a little kid's hands.
How do you look at yourself in the mirror everyday?

By taking away the subsisies that the working poor rely on? Really? How friggin' heartless are you?
Kentucky upbring makes hard working men that get JOB done! Seems you've forgotten your upbringing. I was born Oneida Clay County Kentucky
Some details would be nice.  A way to learn how the plan will affect us will be nice.  When will that info be available?  @realDonaldTrump
BS!  You should all be shamed of yourselves.  You are sick and twisted. You delight in hurting people.
I’m confused isn’t some of what has been passed by @POTUS also part of what you guys stopped @BarackObama putting through?? Only parts
At least he's doing something....unlike you
Do you lie to your family too? Just wondering how far you run on being so despicable.

You own this. All of it.
You know.what is coming and are supporting 45.
You are killing people
Claims to honor God as an evangelical yet willing to take healthcare away from 22M of the poorest & elderly Americans!
Liar, your globalist masters are pissed!
Put your money where your mouth is. Put yourself and your family on it.
You mean please to add another angle sabotage in addition to infunding risk corridors.  2018 can’t come fast enough.
You are both lying snakes in the grass. #shameful
Ky has the highest cancer rate in the country & the two largest employers are education & medical. You are hurting Kentuckians?!
You are supposed to PROTECT KY! How can you hate Obama so much you are willing to destroy eastern Ky just to take his name off the ACA?
I don’t think you’re racist like Trump, so why? Turning on the poorest in your state, it’s not Christianly, it hurts the economy, so WHY??
ACA gave my son affordable insurance and saved him from crushing debt due to medical bills. The only thing failing Americans is you.
No @realDonaldTrump just killed ACA, Americans will DIE and blood will be on your hands, this is NOT A GAME not for @GOP politics
You and health care. What a disaster! 

#POTUSisamoron
He has to do something since you did Not!
Sir get something done pleasssssse!!!! God!!!! Really I’d be fired by now!!!!!!
@GinniRometty @IBM contributes to Sen. McConnell allows  Foreclosure scam. #LockHimUp @realDonaldTrump https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/04/ibm_illegally_bleeding_mortgages/?mt=1506001930694 … … … … … …
3 more trains full of coal have just unloaded in hell.  They’re preparing for your eventual arrival.  They want the temperature just right
@POTUS  POTUS is the ONLY one doing ANYTHING! GET OFF YOUR BUTT!
VietNamEraVet
“As I continue to fail to concoct humane alternatives, I’m pleased POTUS has taken the baton and engaged in full on sabotage. Phew!”

I am NOT pleased with this pitiful plan. What's the pt of cheap that covers nothing?
Dear Leader: How is withholding subsidies that are designed to reduce premiums supposed to make policies more affordable?!?
ANSWER:

per CBO: Trump ending subsidies increases premiums 20% by 2018 and 25% by 2020. Deficit goes up $6b by 2018 and $21b by 2020,
You are PLEASED? I have lost all faith in Repubs. You had a chance to improve healthcare. You failed. Now it is in the hands on Pres Twitter
Good luck.  You will now have to address the chaos that will ultimately ensues.  Ball is definitively in the GOP court now.  You freed up the budget at the expense of millions.  Congrats.
AS PELICAN POUCH CHIN MCCONNELL CONTINUES TO FAIL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ! GOD DAMMIT DRAIN THE SWAMP ALREADY.
PELICAN POUCH CHIN MCCONNELL IS A LIAR, SCAMMER & BULLSHITTER,
WALL STREET IS INVESTING IN FUNERAL HOMES AND CASKET COMPANIES .
Report: Massive morale problems aboard US Navy ship - CNN
https://apple.news/AaxpXaIEBStezWorwB0fPfg …
Politicians are exempt !
HEAR YE ! HEAR YE ! HUMPTY TRUMPTY HAS SPOKEN , NO MORE INSURANCE SUBSIDIES FOR THE PEOPLE WHO ARE POOR AND OR A WORKING CLASS,
Zinke's travel continues to raise ethical questions - CNN
https://apple.news/A42rmQ9CEScKMk8_6QXjc1w …

Now do your part and pass some legislation. So far if not for POTUS youve passed nothing.
#wethepeople appalled that you & @realdonaldtrump just put millions of lives at risk. You don't meet family needs -- you take from them.
Then support him openly. Otherwise u r a hypocrit.
Affordable but way less coverage.. 
#Obamacare is not working because you with trump is slowly making implode.taking away help from the poor sick children does not help
As @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan actively sabotage ACA for the 7th year, yet it continues to help people,they use EO to further hurt people

What if this popped up on screen whenever someone said the ACA is a failure or disaster 
Reversing everything the last guy did is not governing, it's showing your ineptitude.
And screwing those who need it most.  SHAME ON U ITS EVIL
So glad u r happy that POTUS took the necessary steps to do what the Senate wouldn't do! Very poor job on ur part! Get rid of JMcC et al.
@SenateMajLdr @POTUS yes, cheap plans that don’t cover anything. That is what families need. Hope they never get sick.
Wow, telling tweet from you, "Leader!" Where's your EMPATHY?? Taking healthcare from millions and selling cheap, junk policies won't work.
You are sabotaging a LAW.  You murderous privileged assholes.
Never have so few done so Kuching harm to so many. I am insulted by your glee.
Omg you are horrible person. Ocare failing becuz you ppl are purposely killing it 
Can anything remove you Gizzard? Are chickens or turtles covered in government healthcare? GFY FDT
You continue to fail Americans. You haven't had a good idea since you were originally elected. Only given tax cuts to rich to fund donors!
#Democrats had every opportunity 2 work w/ @POTUS but DEMS more interested in protecting failed #Obamacare. They sabotaged it not POTUS!
Try getting out of the way! Or just go away that would be this best think YOU could do for Americans
Your pleased he's just made it so prices go up ? That he is taking away coverage from millions?
Why do you continue to lie and protect this man??? Say bye to Kentucky Connect.
U r as sick as @potus if U think denying subsidies is meeting need of families.  Poor, elderly wil die on u, GOP conscience!  SHAMEFUL
Damn how do trump’s boots taste? You just can’t stop licking them, you toady
Sure, now you say that. Everyone knows you against the American people, especially here in Ky.
Trump and #GOP’S actions are hastening the chaos soon to come. #notrust
You are standing by @realDonaldTrump even though you know he is unstable and these policies are bad for Americans. You are morally corrupt.
