

WE WON'T FORGET OUR HEALTHCARE! DO YOUR JOB OR BE REPLACED!!
Plz do right by ur constituents, not ur party. Vote NO on #ACARepeal  and then find a Dem to work on improving the #ACA
My grandpa lost his house due to the catastrophic medical costs when grandma had a stroke. I fear this fate for millions. I want Health care
Sorry ass RINOS!  Needs the VP just to start  Discussing repeal!
Say goodbye to 
By by Shelley!
Fund raising for Repub who vote NO on #ACARepeal . Rewards for putting their constituents ahead of party.
Time to STOP returning incumbents who aren't voting for US!
History will not be kind to you. Your legacy will be tainted by the pain you impose on vulnerable citizens to give tax cuts to the rich.
You just voted to keep Obamacare. Thank you for lying to the American people for 7.5 years. Greatest broken promise in modern history.
I'm very disappointed in @SenateGOP right now. The RINO'S are revealing themselves  though.
I think "disappointment" is the understatement of the day.
Can't wait until it's time to repeal the GOP!
Okay I Get It
So WHAT'S YOUR PLAN
@SenMcConnell I hope the Tea Party runs against all RINO's like you. You lie and do nothing, spineless. Stop payments to insurance companies

Yes.  You do have to accept it.  Improve it with Dems input.  Ashamed to be a Kentuckian!
Democrats developed and Marco Rubio gutted the ACA, resulting in premium increases.  Tell the truth GOP.  Don't buy this crap U.S. public
Repeal it. Don't replace it!
Can't believe that 7 fake Rep. Senators did not vote for full repeal. They must be voted out of office! So hypocritical.
Why are you in bed with Putin ?  You can't be trusted.

#Treason #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Send that Repeal through again this week and MAKE it work Senator! We didn't put Trump there for you to sit on your hands. Force it!
HELL NO, DONT REPEAL: You try and manage an illness on 3 minimum wage jobs with no insurance.  Do you want to KILL poor people?
THANKS 2 the senators that voted against repeal. PLEASE work on saving the ACA. Work together with DEMS for all of the USA not just for rich
Is this silly now? Can the @SenateGOP really get enough votes? Won't working poor prevent passage? Aren't we talking about 4 votes?


Americans want affordable healthcare for all #NoRepeal
Please stop this. Either do it right or don't do it at all. Don't destroy the Republican Party with this healthcare vote. Repeal is wrong.
We want a bill with a CBO score BETTER than the best ACA score.  That's a better bill, not the brutally cruel rec act (BCRA).
Have you ever worked 3 minimum wage jobs with no support from family and tried to manage a major illness without insurance?  I don't want to
Oh really? Do something about those 7 traitors who call themselves Republicans and think they know what's best.
My insurance went up maybe from $65 to $85 per month between 2006-2008... 32yr old F married w/ 1 kid. No real in increase since ACA began.
WE AMERICANS DESERVE A HELL OF A LOT BETTER THAN THAT SLEAZY BUM IN THE WH, U (MCCONNELL) & THAT AYN RAND HUNK OF PUS, PAUL RYAN!. SHAME!
This skinny plan of yours removes the mandates that keep the insurance pools stable. This plan is a ploy to kill ACA. We're not stupid.
GOP completely full of crap on this issue. They want 2 take away health ins 4 millions. Ocare only nat'l ins ever & GOP wants 2 take it away
The thing is, ACA can be stabilized. You know this. Less than 20% supports your efforts. It's not about a win. It's about us.
U WORK 4 US & MAJORITY WANT THE ACA TO STAY & BE FIXED!!! STOP THE POLITICAL BS & GET IT DONE!!!!!!!

Repeal, and quit thinking of self, there are more American's suffering than the ones on Obamacare!!
Repeal and replace in 18 months for goodness sake. Skinny repeal is not the answer
Your days in Washington are numbered guys just so you know
You are being reckless with the nation's well-being. Not to mention the legislative process. Shame on you.
taking healthcare away from millions is not a reason to celebrateyou will all pay the price for this grief in 2018
Lying sack of crap
Fix the ACA or we will repeal and replace you
This is unconscionable that Senators I did not vote 4 are in charge of determining my financial and quality of life fate.  s.b. Bipartisan.

You have senators that won 6 year terms who view themselves as immune to challenge. Wrong. They will soon find out what recalls are about
It failed yesterday! Due to 7 Republicans lying to their constituents!!

#Listen2Sister
https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/7/24/1683418/-Over-7-000-Catholic-nuns-unite-against-immoral-GOP-health-care-bill-in-a-public-letter-to-senators?detail=facebook …
These are the traitors!  Time to remove them from office

Status quo INCLUDES your ACA exemption. Fix HC? Start w/ #RemoveExemption We'll believe in Law when you do @SenateDems @POTUS
No it is not that time.  It is time to make a real workable plan with the Dems to fix the total issue. With open mtgs, hearings & dialogue.
It will be great if you called the Affordable Care Act by its proper name. Although we know your supporters are not the brightest #fakenews
.@SenateGOP since you won't repeal it, your families and your staffs should enroll in #Obamacare ASAP #GreatBetrayal
STOP THE LIES!
You have only been saying same droning rhetoric for 7 years.....can you find a new calling?  Just move on you ridiculous bunch of goofs
AI love how you say 7 years ago democrats imposed Obamacare on us.
That's what they got elected to do and sadly they let y'all gut it then
Just repeal, if you don't want to use the program yourselves or need to subsidize it then it's not good for America people.
Thisisa sadtimeAmerica ourPresident &Republicans donot care ifyou haveinsurance Theyget 2keeptheirinsurance &line theirpocketsat yourexpense
Your sabotage created this mess.  Undo your nefarious deeds and fix ACA.  #FixACA #NoRepeal #NoTrumpCare Don't take heltcare away from 22M
The Republican Party is in a death spiral.
You should drop coverage for all registered Republicans just to confirm the veracity of your healthcare plan.
So you guys all know that you represent US and we don't care about the past we care about getting the best healthcare and affordable. GO!
It is #RepealObamaCare or #RepealGOP. YOUR CHOICE!
U Repubs really don;t want to keep your majorities do you? Lotta people gonna stay home in 2018 and not vote at all due to UR inaction
Lying conman phony crooks. As bad as used car salesman crybaby @POTUS
Shhhhhhh! Just stop telling lies! We are all smart enough to know better & for some reason you want to take out HC! So, shhhhh! Just shut up
most people want the ACA in place, but fixed. Don't repeal!
Fix Obamacare! Just Fix it!! Like u should have been doing the past 7+ years!! Don't steal ins. from people 2 pay 4 a tax break 4 the rich.
Yes, you need to fix it and stop stalling and wasting tax dollars on all these nonsense votes.
The #RINOresistance must GO!

@SenJohnMcCain 
@SenCapito 
@SenAlexander 
@senrobportman 
@lisamurkowski 
@SenatorCollins 
@SenDeanHeller
The car has run out of wiper fluid; crush it and walk backwards to your destinations.

Great plan.
AARP is watching all of you 51codefendants in the Senate
If as an American you aren't asking yourself what hell is going on in the dysfunctional congress & our looney bin White House you must dead.
Every test, comparison that pits the @SenateGOP HC Plan against #ACA (Obamacare) the @GOP plan fails miserably, it's. disaster for America.
well get it done. Good night. Why didn't you get it dine. I hope who ever holds it up gets voted out if a job. Ridiculous.
See what happens when you go back to your constituents without doing so.  You won't like it!
#betrayed #donewithyou
Too bad it looks like UR trying to convince your own fellow Senators and not the US citizens. Very sad that you won't try to work with Dems.
We the people are sick  and tired  of republicans not standing by our president and we the people!
Repeal don't replace!!
They let the conservatives of this country down and the libertarians down and last but not least President Trump supporters DOWN
NO, NO, NO I will lose my healthcare job in Florida!
Utterly disgraceful failure - #GOP and #Democrats not interested in their bosses (US) desires or best interest.
Americans of all colors, faiths, sexual orientations & marriage types believe that UR status quo is antiquated & ur bill should b banished!
We can drain the swamp and also clear the hill of lying rinos. 2018 will be a restructuring year for the republican senate
Yeah you do. Because Americans WANT the ACA!  This has to be the most unpopular effort in Senate history. Wake up or you're fired!
It's time to repeal McConnell NOW.
They blew it
Yeah except none if you have the balls to get rid of it but we know who voted where and... #2018
You are putting politics above the health of Americans.
Sad day.
No, we could accept millions of people without healthcare and tax breaks for billionaires, but we are way too smart for that!
no healthcare for any member of Congress who votes to take it away from their fellow Americans.
Get your Senators in line @SenateMajLdr Why can't you stand united as these obstructionist @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats #FullRepeal #MAGA
Be ashamed!
The time to impeach Trump was yesterday!
Gop out in 18
You Repubs ARE YOU Dems or politicians instead of repub Americans elected to do a jobYOU ARE NOT DOING????
I see the death of the GOP in the near future and I can't wait!
When did Republican Senate become confident Americans were so stupid it could pass off this blatant propaganda as genuine concern…? #foxnews
we are not too poor to pay for our marginalized.   Return cost sharing to payers.   Add risk cooridors to offset expensive cases
@GOP agenda is a tax break for your wealthy donors @HouseGOP
The ACA saves American lives!  Americans need the protections of the ACA.
Keep it up, GOP. Keep digging that hole. Check polls of Americans concerned about health care if you care. 2018!
No no no no. Just fix it or you're out in 2018. You work for us! REMEMBER! NO REPEAL AND REPLACE. YOU ARE ALL SHAMELESS!
GOP Senator's are pathetic. They are Democrats with a GOP labels. It's all about taxing Americans who go to work everyday.
apparently not. You've been caught in al your lies.
You should tell that to your Senators...honestly you've got some nerve tweeting this statement!
So pull all GOP funding for anyone that opposes
If you repeal ACA are you prepared to attend the funerals of your victims?
Fix ACA do not repeal!
Beyond frustrated with Repubs who won’t rally behind POTUS against #DeepState, Dems & MSM. We won House, Senate and POTUS. For what?
You promised something better. Where is that plan? More people covered, better access. That plan hasnt been produced. Until then status quo
But you won't, I'm tired of y'alls games and status quo. We will be fed up with your lies one day.Do what you were elected for @POTUS agenda
How'd that work out for ya?
Repeal hand it over to the states. The Feds have no enumerated powers for this
You have a choice: fix Obamacare, accept single-payer health insurance, or own the fact that the GOP will throw 32 million people off ins.
Can you confirm: Republican bills include multi-billion-$$ tax cuts for   wealthiest Americans and deep health benefit cuts for the poorest?
Yes we do!
Your hatred for President Obama astounds me.  Fix the ACA and move on or implement a single payer system.
Status quo for whom?  The sick, disabled and elderly?  They should be placed in a worse position because the rich need tax cuts? Immoral.
You fascists are quiet about how your idea is even worse.
You're done. No more money. No more votes. For 7 years you LIED about your desire to relieve us of premiums we can't afford. You're done.
GOPwhores.
The time to listen to your constituencies in now: you don't have to accept the GOP status quo. You don't have to lose your reelections.
REPEAL, NO REPLACE!
Soooooo...did your bill pass? #TongueInCheek
Republicans if you think that starting up a New #HEALTHCARE Plan is doable...then WHY CAN'T YOU JUST FIX #ACA? America knows ur prejudiced
Then stop screwing around and get it done! You guys didn't run on partial repair.
Oh not to disrupt your narrative. It here is Anthem's CEO stating you are destabilizing markets.
You just failed to do it again so time for you all to go
The GOP loves Russia!! Reagan would be spinning in his grave.
Seven years ago you started your racist war against Obama. You've learned nothing.
Those republicans stopping the people will need a new job.
#resist #traitortRUMP #TrumpCrimeFamily #treason Season #ImpeachTrumpNow
Fix the #ACA
We are our brother's keeper. #Resist ALL repeals.
All who voted no kiss your ass good bye.
Lol
Why are you so bent on being cruel and removing millions from health care? Who benefits? Not us, not ur voters, not the poor, sick, elderly.
@Potus, may I suggest putting your politicians under Obamacare to get them moving on the repeal & replace as promised when we voted you in.
YOU ALL HAVE HAD LONG ENOUGH get the job done!!
More out-and-out theft of public wealth to please the endless greed of oligarch fascist Republican Congressional donors. Desperate nonsense.
Stop trying to screw America! Look at the polls. Americans do not want you to repeal #Obamacare. People will die w/o it!
Why wasn't this done? You've had 7 years. #FullRepeal
Talk to your Rinos.
Yes you do
Conservatives need a new political party! Can't stand criminal Dems. Now I hate the lying Republicans. Drain the damn swamp!
We can call ourselves the American Party.
Democrats really do not care about the American people
Indeed, you are correct.  They only care about freebies, open borders & living off of the Gov't.
Thank you my friend
You are quite welcome.
I can't wait to see your face when your finally out on your butt
Hateful human beings
Just fix it!
#Democrats who want to protect Obama's Pathetic legacy of #Obamacare, show us they don't really care about America! #ObamacareSucks
Fix what we have
