"We're working hard to insure that free market HC, proven failure for health around the world & reason all other countries...
Death sentence
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B06XKR8BQ9   @SenateMajLdr
Majority of Americans don't want  #ACA overturned, just improved. And raising ins co CEOs bennies isn't in svc of helping ppl.
We are still waiting for a repeal bill because what the House is proposing is not a repeal and we know it.
The only "relief" U R offering American people under TRUMPCARE is relief from life itself. No insurance means death for some.
ALL politicians give up FREE taxpayer health care & pensions. U can afford ur own health insurance and 401k. Join rest of US!
and apparently you promised to slash funding for early education, food for elderly, affordable healthcare, etc...
No, you're giving the top 2% billions in tax cuts cuts, Ins Co CEOs tax cuts. Killing seniors, the sick & poor The GOP WAY.

" BLOOD MONEY" THEIR  "DEATH BILL"
Too bad you wont promise us this will be your last term. I can't wait to see you out of there and take your boy Ryan with you
terrible, harmful plan. stop. keep ACA and tweak those areas that do need fixing (not many)
how about promising universal health care for everyone instead.
Seven years and you still don't have a plan. Do you think people can't see you? Start leading.
no u r not - we need REAL healthcare not "alternative facts " from the swamp - do your job. Winter is coming
but only for the Rich
Go back to breaking govt & blowing that Heritage lackey with no sense of justice Gore-suck, you walking office oath violation.
working hard to pass shit?
I am ashamed that you represent my home state of Ky. This "genius" plan is supposed to be an improvement not a disaster for more Americans.
you all voted for the fool in the Capital & WH! Voter remorse? Kind of late we warned you all.
I did not vote for that fool Trump. Why would you say that?
no u r not - blind revenge at our expense- junk that garbage
you are doing a crappy job. you are heartless...no you are soul less.... leaving millions with no health care.
It appears the GOP's malice for the working class is tempered only by @SpeakerRyan's ineffectual leadership.
empty suits do not a meeting make - face u r employers, face the music.. still doing a bad job
Why not focus on improving Obamacare? It's obvious you're just trying to erase everything Pres Obama did.Stop.
NO...END OBAMACARE AND YES ERASE RHE MESS OBAMA CREATED
President Obama saved our economy. The only reason the markets are up & unemployment is down is him.
I guess you have not looked at the private sector and all those who couldnt find work
It seems that American people are not convinced. Back to the drawing board. Start over. #Resist #TrumpRussia #weneedhealthcare
not even veiled giant tax cut for richest 5% of nation. It'll be great for insurers, collect $, cancel when claims made."
politicians- "working hard" oxymoron.
@kellicamel No, you said complete repeal was job #1. #Obamacarerepeal
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump BIGGEST LIARS!KARMA IS GONNA TEACH YALL GOOD! STEALING FROM POOR TOO GIVE 2 RICH #KREMLINCREW
LIAR LIAR LIAR TAKING FROM THE POOR TOO GIVE TOO YOUR RICH BUDDIES..KARMA IS A BITCH AND WE CANT WAIT TILL IT HITS YOU
I don't think anyone meant relief by death, disease & bankruptcy.
have universal healthcare, never happens in the richest, already most powerful military country, & wrapped 'NO CARE' in a...
@HouseGOP @senategop
WE WANT THESE JUDGES 
IMPEACHED AND REMOVED NOW
THEY are political activists in black
robes not JUDGES
Relief from a program that helps millions of people? Or relief for billionaires from paying their fair share of taxes?
Is your wife's appt in Trump's cabinet ethical? Is this why you drag your feet investigating #russiagate? Are you #VichyGOP?
So aren't you one of the wealthiest senators in Congress today Mitch? Is this because your father-in-law gave you millions???
You are an anti-drug crusader no? And yet your arranged marriage wifew;s father got busted for smuggling on his ship Ping May
Tell us a Story Uncle Mitch. You crooked F@%K. Specifically,  How the Chao family has been funding you since the late 1980s.
Stop with cuts that "majority" of Americans do not want cut. Your job is going to depend on it. #Budget2017
Pres promised HC for all. That means people gotta be able to afford. Please remember Kentuckians. #TrumpcareIsWorseThan #ACA
McConnell you're out of touch w/ REAL Americans. This Trumpcare bill will hurt the elderly & working poor, your constituent's
Team Mitch I've given you lots of $$$ support in the past. On this issue you're wrong. You're killing people and you know it.
no worries about breaking your republican promise, we're used to that, get it!! Work to improve it !! #ACA #Obamacare
@SpeakerRyan you two spent six years breaking it, like defunding risk corridors, then blame law for premium increase, Shameful
what are you talking about???? "Relief" really? Your plan sucks. Everyone knows it. Bye!
Obamacare has allowed our family to have affordable access to health insurance. Don't take that away.
you tried 2 censor E. Warren. U need 2 stop ur boy Trump. The GOP must b afraid of him. u don't repres. the Amer. people.
you are delusional.
Remain silent as a GERMAN woman defends democracy in a Fascist WH. My dead Hitler-fighting dad deserves to kick your sorry ass
Relief from the benefits we've already paid for?  Leave Medicare alone!  #TRUMPCARESUX
I'm a Kentuckian and I'm ashamed you're the Sr Senator.. #TRUMPCARESUX. .robs low income  Seniors.
What about the 24 million that the CBO says will be relieved of their coverage ?  #TRUMPCARESUX
@McConnellPress RELIEVING MEDICARE RECIPIENTS OF THE BENEFITS THEY PAID FOR?  #TRUMPCARESUX
@McConnellPress RELIEVING YOUR TRUE CONSTITUENCY:  BIG PHARMA & BIG HEALTH INS CO.'S.  #TRUMPCARESUX
@McConnellPress Or RELIEVING Healthcare CEO's of the limits on their GREED and salaries.  #TRUMPCARESUX
@McConnellPress Relief?  Relieving 24 million  people of their healthcare per CBO.
@McConnellPress or is it relieving your true constituency: BIG PHARMA AND BIG HEALTH INS COMPANIES... #TRUMPCARESUX
Most of them, especially in your state, didn't know that their ACA coverage was Obamacare.  If this passes, they will hate you
NO, you promised REPEAL of Obamacare!!!
repeal & go back to what existed before Obamacare. Let market serve needs & the existing programs help those in need.
will get you to where you want to be, but this "shove it down the throats of" Never works.
You've been at this for seven years, and still can't get ti right. No wonder it didn't pass. Long and slow by sensable Senator
Do you feel good about giving America the middle finger every day you enable @realDonaldTrump? #GOPCowards
Working very hard to deny healthcare to needy in KY. Did you promise that?
Reply to @SenateMajLdr and prepare to die from #Trumpdeadcare.
you are all criminals!!! You are delivering nothing but stress and fear!!! You and your family should lose your coverage!!
No sir they promised repeal!
so giving the insurance companies even bigger tax breaks is the way 2 make Trumpcare avoidable.  Really. Give me a break.
You should line up a hundred elders the AHCA is going to kill and have them deck you in the face.
I'd like to relieve all you ruskie lovers from your jobs!  
#lockyouallup
oh yes, thank you for relieving me from being able to go to afford going to the dr. when I'm sick. What a relief!
Let's call this death panel what is it is Tryancare (Trump/Ryan Care).  24 million will be out and/or paying higher costs!
@KazmierskiR WE R ALSO ASKING U TO TAKE CARE OF DAV! TAKE CARE OF OUR SOLDIERS!!! WHY DO THEY HAVE TO WAIT ON BENEFITS?
what about the 24 million "relieved" of coverage?  #keepACA #countrybeforeparty
A for effort, not enough. Need Republicans to discuss, negotiate, agree ASAP.
The missinformation about AHCA is unbelievable. Need to inform people more about effects of bill.
You are a terrible leader. Shame on you for making the poor poorer.
stop your party politics nonsense. Read the constitution. No political parties in it. Elected officials govern.
You are seriously harming your constituency and looking more and more racist in the process.
Yes, America supports you! Don't be discouraged by the tiny minority Coastal Libs. They are an irrelevant lunatic fringe gang.
No. you aren't working hard. You are scrambling & begging people to support a sinking ship. Keep supporting trump - great idea
for the love of God don't

Haha you crack me up despicable mitch
If u replace ACA with Trumpdontcare, then u have to give up health coverage that taxpayers pay for u.  Pay your own moocher.
Mitch you do everything for you and the RICH. You're a liar!!!
Ohhh I see the noxious winds are blowing again from Mr. McConnell. You ruin the environment everytime you speak.
If by "relief" you mean "no healthcare", then keep on working hard Senator Turtle
not hard enough. The rich will benefit and the poor will lose again. #resist
Single payer system. You have a conflict of interest. 100's of thousands of dollars to insurance company's and your pocket
If by "relief" you mean "more deaths" when you repeal the #ACA, yup, you're definitely spot on. Keep #ACA.
BUT FACT IS NO PLAN and CBO disses half ass Trump/Ryan Don't CARE as just tax break for richest 1%..Absolutely not your Tuck's
Alternative facts.  TrumpDoesn'tCare is putting 24 million people with no insurance.  That's the Russian Republicans for you
You're a crook. http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-obamacare-ceos-20170307-story.html …
LIAR!  RINOcare SUCKS!  NOTHING in this bill for hardworking Republicans who voted UR sorry a$$ into office.
RINOcare SUCKS!  NOTHING in this bill for hardworking Republicans who voted UR sorry a$$ into office.
@johnmccain2016 needs to be censured. He's got dementia   or something and needs to hang it up! An embarrassment to ALL of us.
the leaders invested in insurance companies and the premiums are not getting them more money so they need their own plan AHCA
Why keep a promise when the majority doesn't want it? You aren't working for America, you're working for yourself.
nuhuh
Encourage the free market with a bonus for signing more citizens to coverage by insurance companies.
And did you tell them that the relief that you are providing is ultimately their death?  Yeah, didn't think so.
@SpeakerRyan forget replacement just REPEAL #ACA, let the people choose for themselves....#sellout #RinoCare #RINO
@StateDept you think they will every investigate that drug dealing issue w/your Chinese shipping company?
"relief"? 24 million Americans lose coverage, are you talking about how the rich will feel about their tax break? #Trumpcare
Better work harder...better yet: just tweak the ACA because your #AHCAsucks
We got promised a full repeal, not partial relief. I don't appreciate half-hearted mitigation attempts. Just repeal it!
#TrumpliesRyancries The R I P. Rep insurance plan will double my health care cost. So tell me how great it is. Morons Thats right double.
It's #TrumpCare. Please stop being deceptive and lying to Kentuckians.
Bull$hit–stealing #healthcare resources & coverage from the poor to make the rich richer–you are one of our biggest monsters
The relief comes from more service and expenditures tied to income. A more regressive tax and worse service is not even close
And screwing them over in the process.
No, you want to keep your promise to obstruct everything Obama ever did, even if it hurts people. You are a small man.
such compassion coming from you
FIX the ACA repeal & replace 
What's the hurry? Slow down and do it right. Never be affordable without individual mandate though. #UnaffordableIsWorthless
Such a disaster you have on your hands. Shameful to take people's health insurance away from them.
You promise us nothing and you always deliver.
.@SenateMajLdr No, you're working on your own lame version of #socialist engineering unfunded nonsense that America can't afford #TermLimits
doesn't look like your solutions are working
Well don't bother.
all you @gop are doing is screwing the public and aiding the rich and big business. You all are morally corrupt
Step up and do your job! Judges coming out of the woodwork and you sit back and watch. You got house and Senate do something.
Americans wouldn't need relief if Congress had supported Ocare properly. Trumpcare cannot work either if not funded/ supported
@realDonaldTrump Gee Leader your going fail no one will support this trash. If you do pass it. It will be overturned.
Some promises need not to be fulfilled.  Everyone needs Healthcare insurance in this country.  u take $3,5 mil from health industry 4 campai
u & Ryan r despicable, the longer Trump is allowed to destroy our Constitution the less safe we r
he is a travesty to America, he is dangerous and he publicly lies to Americans everyday
do the Koch Bros write these tweets for you Mitch? Or are these a genuine sign of your own bullshit?
ur so worried about taking away our health insurance that u r allowing Trump to lie to Americans
Trump is violating his oath to the office everyday & u let him! Why r u doing this to Americans
your plan is not a repeal of a bad law, it is reinventing a bad law with a bad law. Get out of my decisions...not your job!
no, your plan eliminates essential Health care for 24 million people!!! Say that out loud. A few times. Shame on you. #resist
#DontKillMyFriend
By throwing 24 million off insurance?  You are working to provide relief to wealthy Americans.
you mean you are working hard to con the American people.
please stop
but, your reasoning was a lie. Your bigotry caused you to lie. You are filled with hatred towards the black man that was prez
I know the ACA wasn't good for everyone, I have a family of 4 and run a one man biz, Obamacare saved us. Make it better
You should have fixed the ACA. Your plan leaves 24 million uninsured + hikes ins rates for the elderly. Shame on you!
Just give us the same healthcare you have, Senator, or pay $14,600 a year for yours.
#Trumpcare
I guess death is a relief of sorts, since that's what you're promising...
relief means tweak ACA, not give the rich huge tax breaks while  millions lose benefits. #trumpcare sucks nobody likes it
#FuckOffMitch
