Tick tock, tick tock Mitch.  What is taking so long...oh, democracy at work.  No, with you in charge, democracy is NOT at work!  Grow a pair
McConnel comprehensive rino deception.Master of delay and draging ass legislation.dems dream foe.
@GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #25thAmmendmentNow for @realDonaldTrump #NoH8 #TrumpIsAKiller #RESISTANCE
Time to get off vacation and GET to WORK!!!
I hope you will do it this time. if not time to resign.
Hope you do a better job on tax reform than you did on health care.I'd say you better or your out.
Why should we believe you when you lied about healthcare for 7 years. I guess we all have excessive expectations resign!
The most important action to help families get ahead is to vote GOP out of all power.
Have you even read the Constitution?How about the Declaration of Independence. Then for a real eye opener,the Federalists Papers.  Jerks!!
Excellent message to include helping families. Get rid of all tax write-offs & deductions; pure flat tax, please. Everyone benefits.
tax reform?  How about stopping this neo fascism movement, inspired by our racist in chief. Begin impeachment hearings NOW.
Balance the federal budget &
reform entitlement programs!! DO NOT raise the debt ceiling! #CutTheirCard!!  #UnitedForFreedom
Why are you taking a vacation instead of staying in D.C. and getting this stuff done?  People are sick of it.
#CutTheirCard! #BalancedBudgetOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
Talk, talk, talk.  7 years for health reform and nothing.  Tax reform, yea right.  You cannot lead.
Will SEEK? Or will ACCOMPLISH? Whole lotta difference there.
Also, infrastructure, please. If this had been law b4, Americans in South Texas would be at lesser risk today from #Harvey2017.
I'll believe it when I see it! You an obstructionist & as a Repub you people embarrass me! You & Flake who betrayed Trump! Shameful expected
We are putting you on ObamaCare. You are going to eat your own dog food. People are dying every day out here. You will know the suffering.
I thought repealing a Obamacare was ?!  Oh, well, you won't get this done either.  #ImpotentMitch
Only way to grow economy is to tax the rich their FAIR SHARE and reduce taxes in middle class.
Please do not lower taxes. We need to start paying back our loans. Balance our debt before you start talking about lower taxes for anybody.
No one trusts you McConnell. Your own state doesn't want you!
You have failed miserably: Trump whipped you like a child and you did nothing!
The economy has been growing for 8 years. You know, after GOP Bush. You've done nothing, yet the economy still grows.
Senator we're tired of the Same Old Talk; Senate needs to take action and FULLY SUPPORT what the Republician's ran on last election
Need to SHRINK Federal Govt; Waste our Tax Dollars in so many directions. See no action, we need new Leaders to step forward make difference
@SenJohnMcCain @POTUS @SpeakerRyan Listen"AMERICA"is talking NKorea could be a Nuke war &you 3 BOZOS are giving our Cmd-n-Chief Guff, STOPIT
RESIGN!!!
No. You must address replacement of human workers by robots, computers, automation, and factory relocation. Make a plan & get support for it
Permanent tax reform turtle.  Not some quasi leftist drivel of lite socialism.  Get to work and while you are at it, you all take less.
You better get ur ass in gear we are tired of excuses  you rinos will be voted out along with the crazy democrats!!!!
Think you can get at least this one done Senator?
Well we know you will be a saboteur for this too...
Ppl r paying thousands of $ w $6000 deductibles, @realDonaldTrump pls make these traitors live under same rules we do,then they'll REPEAL
I have ZERO confidence that you will get this done either.  YOU are full of BS!
Get it done. Sick if you guys stopping Trump's agenda why the American people suffer
You'll fail at that as well. Salaried Americans are taxed to death. You won't address that issue.
To bad we have an idiot as the leader otherwise this would of been passed allready The good ol boy slow talking is a sign of your stupidity
Lazy, excuse ridden Lair back into office really? Cut his Salary Make Him Pay 4 the health care Bail Outs to insurance companies
You will come up with another excuse! 7 Years was too much of an expectation, how many yrs u think u need for tax reform?
Yeah sure...sort of like the repealing of Obamacare? I'll believe it when I see it. #liars
Give us pork the solution that solves everything for both parties... join the TrumpTrain 110M strong But Ditch Mitch a NeverTrumper
No Repeal of Obamacare is number one..We do not want you colluding with the Dems we do not want joint bill...
Pass it!
Because repealing #OBAMACARE after promising for 7 yrs to do so is no longer on the table, now just move on ? #GOP SUCKS!
It's BS until it's done.
Well, u'd better get it done or YOU'RE DONE. But it will prob fizzle like hc repeal/reform did. If u can't do this, GET OUT OF THE WAY
Are you going to do a bait and switch on that like you did on ACA?  I VOTE.  I ain't voting for FRAUDS.
If you look at the facts, you can see that trickle down is a failure.
Not Liberal, Just Literate - http://go.shr.lc/2jgAVmW  via @Shareaholic
making our environment healthy is the most important action we can take! #YouJustDontGetIt #youonlycareaboutyou #PleaseGoAway
Hey @SenStabenow, Remember when this special day to Kill the #ACA? It is selfish @SenMajLdr dogging Her system.https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2014/05/22/how-did-mitch-mcconnells-net-worth-soar/?utm_term=.48c316f7b169 …
Tax reform, healthcare & enforcing our immigration laws are most important things we can pass this year! Golden Opportunity. Don't blow it
McConnell spewing what Koch Bros 
Told him Word for Word
"Make families think they will benefit from tax cuts to wealthy"
VOTE MCCONNELL OUT
You are the one breaking it. Why not actually do some work Mitch? The only M.O. you haven't tried yet. Lazy southern bigot tries lip service
Trump has an excellent tax plan! Congress needs to work with Trump! He is the one they voted for. Congress is nothing but ridiculous chaos!
You know that the job creators are the middle class who demand goods and services, not the wealthy.
the 1% gets over a trillion dollars of corporate welfare and tax loopholes and you want to give them more deplorable insane EVIL
Families?  Lol try corporate America and stock holders....regular families are under threat in this bs administration.
You're doing nothing to protect our President from this witch hunt. He has given up his life to serve this country, and gets no support
Bla...bla...bla....you'll screw it up.
Businesses are not job creators. More money in the pockets of average citizens will create spend and then jobs.
But you will make sure the tax cut for rich gets thru, wont you?
The only families you care about are the incredibly wealthy ones.
If reform means that we are finally free of the slavery and bondage of the obama tax rates, then that is what we need! Solid tax cuts!MAGA!
Include Capital Gains reduction for small farms and businesses . It is destroying small business owners and farmers retiring.
Don't make a single move on #taxreform until @potus shows us his taxes. We need to know who benefits. We need to about conflicts of interest
NOT JUST REFORM..something fair and effective for working Americans....Nothing good since Reagan. How long have you been in office M?

Retired Marine @AmyMcGrathKY has launched her campaign to take back Kentucky's 6th District from the #GOP. #KYPol 
Get back to Healthcare and get rid of Obamacare.
Just like healthcare ? You can't get anything done. Your party is out of control ! 2018 can't come soon enough
tens of millions of Americans voted for the Trump Tax reform. What is taking you so long??
No DUH... Do it, POTUS been asking for months. STOP TALKING AND DO SOMETHING!
Getting rid of a crazy president might help
REGULAR ORDER
you mean POP (Party over People) @GOP wants more tax cuts for your rich white friends?
liar @SenateMajLdr wants to steal the future of our children to the exclusive benefit of the 1% who bankroll and keep him in his pocket
Didnt you say the same thing about healthcare ?
You should seek retirement
I don't think anyone with critical thinking skills buys this, Leader McConnell.
Then REPEAL Obamacare!!!
You're an immoral liar supporting the traitor @realDonaldTrump.  Together you're destroying American.  Disgraceful #GOPLiesMatter
But you can't even get healthcare finished after talking about it for 8 years.
More "all talk, no action" from a failed leader.
OK. Fine. Make the corporate tax rate the same as middle income personal tax rate: about 25%. There done. Move on. @SenateDems @SenateGOP
No. How about cutting off trade with China so American workers don't compete with 25 cents/hour labor.
I suspect you meant mess up the economy and give the rich more tax breaks......you clown!
OMG! R u going 2 try & convince us all that trickle down economy works? Since 1980's GOP has tried 2 prove it works YET we're still waiting
I live in Eastern Kentucky. Forgive me for not believing a thing you say.
haha we know you don't give a damn about any families just making ur donors richer. You shouldn't represent anyone.
And yet, the economy started growing and wages rising under Obama.
Heatlhcare
But, but, but....healthcare?
Dude! If you save me $3k on my federal income tax bill but I have to spend $12k/yr on medical bills, how do I get ahead!?!?!?
Can you walk & chew gum. Don't tell me you are just starting on this & can't work Healthcare also. How about have CBO score OCare for 2018
I have great hope for the GOP, but if you guy's don't start sticking together and standing up to the Dems. Nothing is going to get done
#mitchmcconell
If tax-reform cuts government jobs, Wall Street regulations, Entitlements & bank regulations then another bubble will burst in GOP's faces.
You don't plan on doing anything. Just more empty words
Won't do it alone. Must work across the aisle
Wall Street at an all time high under existing tax code. Why does your plan cut their rates?
Why do we have a special council wasting tax payer dollars with no crime? Why can you not fulfill your promises? Do not forget and primary!
Tax reform is a good thing if it benefits the middle and lower class.  If you make the rich richer, it's corruption.
Earn our Trust, so far the Republican Senate is failing us. Proof that U all are worth our votes, Not giving up on U all yet. Praying for U.
Why are you against Dems' request that tax reform not raise rates on middle class, that it go thru regular order, & it not increase deficit?
When have dems ever cared about deficit until now? @obama doubled our debt! #Middleclass class will FINALLY get #taxcut.
Debt and deficit are two different things. Also, Obama isn't the president. Name please which of these requests you disagree with?
Bush Jr. did that, & increased our national debt to the point we couldn't pay it off. By your plan, you haven't learned anything from that!
Why don't u have it ready when u guys get back from ur vacation. Please don't say this is a real working vacation. Most people only 1wk a yr
Lower tax rates fir who?????
Please don't follow Trump.
We won't worry. We know the @GOP senate will fuck it up or kick the can. I waved goodbye to a smart progressive GOP long ago.
"Will Seek" means you don't promise you can get it done!
Just help the lower 99%. The upper 1% can take care of themselves. They don't need any more help! Unfortunately, u will only help the rich!
If t involves cutting taxes for the rich, blow it out your ass.
WHAT ABOUT GETTING JUDGES APPOINTED? HURRY UP B4 YOU LOSE MAJORITY. TALK TO POTUS AND M. O. V. E.
Pivot; well played.
Just another way to screw the American people. We all saw that in the health care bill you put out and now this. MORE Lies upon lies.
Hell, just go home steal a million on your way!  All crooks stay there too long!  It should not be there for life!  But you guys thing so!
You mean President Trump will seek to reduce taxes for Americans while McConnell and Senate Rhinos will stop the reductions.  So sad.
For once, Senator, show some backbone: ignore these Leftist hack comments. Get legislation done: lower taxes, repeal OCare, build wall!
Get moving
I thought you said repealing Obamacare was most important? Give up?
Baloney.. Proper health insurance reform is the #1 issue!

Liar. We know you don't believe that!!
Yes start w/corporate welfare then stop the entitlements of the senators & representatives none of these have earned the breaks/entitlement
Since it's so important who are you delegating to so it has a chance of getting done? Good Lord, have some dignity and resign.
your tax break is for the rich not the people who really need it...and you only do so to line your greedy pockets...#TRAITORS
Get government out of our insurance then tax reform!
Helping middle class get ahead is single most important step u can take. Ur tax reform is all about helping the rich stay rich.
Not at the expensive cutting social programs and to give bigger tax breaks to top 1%.  State/Local taxes go up if Fed cuts to social pgm
All talk NO action. NONE. It's embarrassing. U have the majority...4 once! Do what u were elected 2 do! #falsepromises
Most important action is getting rid of the President. Then we will talk.
For who? The uber rich I assume
Then work with Democrat to generate a bipartisan, sensible, comprehensive bill. Or continue your partisan nonsense and fail. Again.
Why should anyone with any common sense believe anything that you say. You have not shown any leadership and continue to be a poor leader
Billionaires will benefit along with all the loopholes. What about @POTUS tax rate? Lying conman phony crooks in DC all for billionaires
Nope, #TheRaiseAct is. Immigration is killing America.
We love our President Trump our Country and pray to God  that you love our Country, too. Do your job VERY DISAPPOINTED. EARN OUR TRUST.
Hey Mitch, if you cut corporate taxes, how will you pay for the $25+billion wall? You don't expect average Americans to pay for it, do you?
Ho ho!  Nothing has been done about this "most important" action since Trump has elected.  How much longer will the foot dragging continue?
Mitchell the only trickle-down the American people will see are from some unmentionable "tape" #2020GONE #FREEKENTUCKY #25thAmendmentNOW
Repair ACA.
Odd, seems healthcare reform was the top priority a few days ago...jobs, infrastructure, climate, education?
@McConnellPress good try to pivot away from healthcare which you failed to get passed.
Why we trust you do anything ?
If tax reform is to reduce tax rates to 15%, the majority of Americans who pay an average of 14.5% will get NO tax relief.

Are u going to ask the Dems for help or are u going to do it alone like you did for HC
Wrong! Our infrastructure crumbling while you give money back to special interest & 1%!
Paying real wages to America's workers would do more.
Except you won't help families, you'll help the rich who don't need it.  Watch out for the pitchforks!  #taxreform #hypocrite #kleptocrat
Too bad we have you to delay, stall, and lose this yet another promise to the American people. We'll remember.
Let me guess? More closed door meetings, backroom deals with pork, threats, and a couple hours open debate to shove it down America's throat
Because it worked so well in Kansas
WAKE UP! Your party has been hijacked and trump is now on n the process of hijacking the entire country against the will of the American Ppl
I thought healthcare was more important?
A huge tax cut for Billionaires won't help. Why don't you do everyone a favor and retire? You can't pass any bills or get anything done.
You said that about #FullRepeal of #Obamacare.  We need to see a little less talk and a lot more action.
No need to reinvent the wheel. Use Reagan's Tax Reform Act of 1986 as model. Reagan said he had "'Veto in hand"; If Bill failed Americans.
No more tax cuts for the wealthy. Focus on the middle class.
