Sad that any appointeees (such as judge) under current admin will have a taint to them simply by the 'stink'  of their endorsers.
Start working on the @realDonaldTrump agenda! We voted for Trump, not the GOP.
You will be arrested :)
Why do you want people to die? Why would you do this? Please help the needy. Please, don't kill us by making healthcare unobtainable
@doedeer1664 McConnell what crimes has he committed? You support him means dirty hands
Why do you never address #RussiaGate, which is the most pressing problem in US today??!
You're a traitor to our Nation!!
Be you also urge us to turn a blind eye to ur involvement w/Russia. #russiagate Smart Americans have a long memory & want to see you pay!!
The #Spineless #NoPrinciples @gop -now the #RussianRepubliskum party of #Treasonoustrump- #pence-> #PowerBeforePatriotism #TheResistance
Repub power is all that matters...  repeal and replace treasonist repubs
Quit tweeting & get back to work, turtle. You're not being paid to tweet all day.
Yeah? So he can follow your destruction of our Constitution?
HOW about getting the APPOINTMENTS of the PRESIDENT of the UNITED STATES APPROVED!!!!!! INCLUDING AMBASSADORS!
You are a sad and pathetic person. I pray for you to find your moral compass.
You have no ethics and are morally corrupt. Your endorsement means nothing to anyone.
Haven't heard ftom you about you party rep in Montana.
Retire already. Give someone with empathy and compassion lead for a while.
Indeed, this is the come-uppance for Kentuckians who voted for McConnell.
Not according to Chuck Schumer!
If you say yes, I hope everyone else says no.   You lie, cheat, and steal...no one should listen to anything you say.   Traitor.
well, if you support him, he has to be trash.
That is all I need to know to not support him. Momma always said, "Garbage is as garbage does."
Is he one of your fellow KKK buds?
No confirmations until we see traitor trumps taxes
#NoConfidence
Why are you confirming nominations when you are following an illegitimate president?! What planet are you from?
Your endorsement should scare the daylights out of people with a conscious. @gop @WhiteHouse
@realDonaldTrump  We have a horrible horrible president who pushes people out of the way just to get to the front of a line.  Fucking joke
History will NOT be kind to you. I hope your family is shamed for decades because of your flagrant disregard for law and US citizens.
I will never support anyone who coddles to big business and rules against ordinary citizens interests. Hoping Senate votes him down!

I know 2 years ago Koch Bros gave him 1.9 million to keep denying Global Warming.... I'm sure the Coal Ceos payed off BIG TIME too.
Nobody supports terrorist #Trumprussia
Traitor. Resign.
you are an embarrassment to all Kentuckians!
Please help Trump's #TravelBan get past the liberal judges. Congress has the constitutional power to reform the lower courts.
If u support him he must be corrupt with russia $$ or could it be Columbian cocaine $$?
& appeal to Toad(R) colleagues in confirm. I need it, in case the trial of my, Paul's & Inside-Traitor Price's Humana-Aetna merge ensues."
I should he corrupt too? We can only assume right? Because you are aligned with him. Russian money but him?
Govt breaker, NoCare taker, 1% tax cut/Goresuck maker Bitch McCuntall: "I endorse so-called Judge Jeanine Pyro for KY-jelly appeals court...

And if they DON'T support him, well I'll just push him thru anyway because I don't care about others whatsoever.
flyover MT one would convict him as a felon. You people do ‘member dat us Toad(R)s is da PARTY o’ da we ain’t guts no stinkin’ ethics Klan.”
Anyone you support is a crook
Lyin’ Fudge Packer Ryan: “I plan no action should Gianforte be elected. I embrace the votes of MT, ever though any PD other than the ...
NO!
       
Yes!!! MAGA!!

You are morally bankrupt and no one should follow your urgings on this or any matter.  #traitor
these Hindus and Muslims killing your county did usa has no capable person of their own
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Yeah! Another rich dark snake in your bosom. They're all group to bite and devour the GOP 2018
so is this judge a russian supporter like the rest of the GOP? must be if mcconnell supports him. #resist #Trumprussia vote the GOP OUT
Hmm... Must be another "good ole boy" hillbilly.  If you urge all Senators to vote for him, then I urge everyone to call their Sens. to not.
Mitch, just say this every time!
"Is it ok with trump?"
Anyone else in your family that trump get a job for?
Is he another fundamentalist who puts the Constitution behind the Bible?
or what? You gonna beat them up if they don't? #Kentucky
WE'RE NOT. You stole all these judgeships by holding government hostage for years under obama. Hypocritical sleazebag. #shame
Sad that such a distinguished judge with a moral backbone would accept an endorsement from someone as corrupt as you.
Someone needs to explain to The Turtle what a moral backbone is
Are you on Russian payroll?
Support your President
It REALLY is just business as usual for GOP isn't it!! SHAMEFUL!! Any outrage over fellow GOP thug flattening a reporter?
Proud Of This? Comment?#trumpleaks #trumprussia
Your endorsement should be the worst thing that could happen to him, next to dying.
Remember Merrick Garland?
That means don't do it! Vote no.
You are a turd. A Turd, Turd, Turd.
 #NoMoreRepublicans #RepublicansChoosePartyOverPeople #NeverVoteRepublicansAgain
This is the only reason they need to VOTE no. GOP believe corporations before people. This judge is no doubt a GOP'er.

Good to know. That tells me exactly WHO I shouldn't support.
Is he on the Russian payroll too?
Is he a crook too? I mean you support crooks... Pauly Ryan, trump, Putin... seriously nothing moral about the GOP.
The GOP are going to be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today
Thanks for your fearless leadership in clearly and unequivocally condemning @GregForMontana's assault of a journalist.  
Fuck you, Mitch.
"If not, I'll cheat and change the rules! "
Part of your family tree?   man
Mitch McConnell: Sad Legacy of Obstruction, Corruption and Collusion. ,,,,, "Nevertheless she "PERSISTED" Sad, Sad little man
From the Kentucky Wrecking Ball himself
What about Greg the Bodyslammer?

Yes
Fuck no
