so honored to issue a Certificate of Hypocrisy to you!!
How does a minority have this sort of power re confirmations.
it should be Merrik Garland.
@McConnellPress @POTUS You delude yourself, He wouldn't accept advice if it slapped him on the face!
Think twice about getting rid of filibuster. #WomensMarch folks r home now & organizing. U might not have Senate after 2018.
As you pointed out we can get along just fine with 8 justices.
Guess you missed the message from the Women's March. You might want to think about mid-term elections ....we are.
woman's March doesn't represent me or my values. Tell me @gtsanne  ...did you wear a giant vagina as your hat for the day?
don't repeal #ACA it's a matter of life or death for me.
I nominate my uterus to the supreme court
@McConnellPress @POTUS  I am a constituent of yours and I am opposed to Tom Price.
Great job Senator getting the process to this point. History will show this to be a significant action.
Take at least another year to think about it!!

represent all of US not just some
#MerrickGarland is a hell of a pick!
can you spell hypocrite?
Good 4 u. Why didn't u meet w President Obama? The Dems r going to fight you! @SenateDems @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Why the hurry, we've been without for almost a year thanks to your obstruction. Remember 3 million people spoke loudly.
why you will put anyone on he nominates! Corrupt and treasoness! You will not get away from the Resistance 
Are you going to blow this guy.
That you continue to kiss up to Drumpf, is disgusting.  Where is your integrity and tough stand now?
You refused to have hearings on Pres. Obama's pick, aren't you the hypocrite whining about fully vetting Trumps klan?
explain again how you violated the constitution and failed to consider #merrickgarland ?
@McConnellPress @POTUS it's time for you to step down, old coot.
it must be difficult walking under the weight of your hypocrisy and arrogance.
@McConnellPress @POTUS You delude yourself, he wouldn't accept advice if it slapped him in the face!
Then go after those who were responsible for Judge Scalia's assassination.
And I will support obstruction of ANY choice The Cheeto and you his minions make.
Only alternative historians will be kind to you.
I appreciate  how you didn't follow the constitution by allowing a senate vote on Garland. #obamasvacancytofill
I hope the Democrats treat you in the same "fair" manner that you treated Obama...and this time it won't be racist!
#GOP aren't the only ones that know how to obstruct. @SenSchumer and @SenateDems show them the respect they've earned!
If anyone needs to call McConnell to explain he is the textbook definition of a hypocrite 202-224-2541.#Indivisible
no need to hurry, got 4 years to wait, got 8 justices as have for year.  No need to fill any time soon.
Here's a suggestion...Merrick Garland.
@McConnellPress @POTUS you openly stated your refusal to work with obama on anything from day 1. You should be fired + jailed
So you are as weak a man on the inside as you appear on the outside Go live with yourself
COUGH, Merrick Garland.
And now you want the people across the aisle to help you? That's not how it works. You're a fool. You're all fools.
You don't deserve for your Democrat "friends" to give you a chance in hell. You blocked a SC nom for over a year.
no vote on a nominee. You set the parameters, time to live by them. No vote.
I'm glad to hear he is including both sides.
Why won't you do more to save our healthcare and the ACA if you don't have a better plan? You obviously don't care.
No Judge Pryor #SCOTUS  Liberal-Activist record.
You should be in prison.
well criminals stick together.
you know, the previous POTUS made his recommendation, and you ignored him for half a year
#ShameOnYou #putinspuppet #tumpPutin #treasonoustrump #TrumpLeaks #TrumpTaxes #illegitimatepresident #theresistance
The POTUS has decided to use his personal handle on twitter. Just as he has decided retain all his personal interest. Take note.
Your hypocritical political pandering is a disgrace.
You know who'd be a great candidate to consider for #SCOTUS? How about Merrick Garland?
Nazi's killed 6 million. How many are you, Ryan & Trump going to kill taking healthcare away from 30 million Americans.
You can't control a fool, you'll find out for yourself
Why won't you criticize Trump's lies about 3Mil fake votes? Are you scared of him? Or did u have illegals vote for u? 
You STOLE that seat from President Obama in violation of the Constitution. You are slime, and we are watching.
Merrick Garland, you obstructionist grifter. #SIXyearsOfHate #unchristian #MakeAmericaSickAgain #OldWhiteMen
You care about is your donors & lobbyists that fill your pockets.
You are so corrupt McConnell. 36 yrs in the Senate is too long You are clueless to the needs of the American ppl. All
@McConnellPress @POTUS Supreme Court is Essential no Delays even if must Work 7 Days a week
The American people already spoke and it was Judge Garland. You robbed us of our Constitutional rights to SCOTUS 2016
@StewSays @POTUS Dear Leader McConnell - you are a hypocrite of the first order #SCOTUS
Hey Mitch, The Majority of Americans will wait until the next Election. We will make sure this is a 6 month Presidency
@McConnellPress @POTUS #MerrickGarland! Amazing that after 8 years of doing absolutely nothing, you're now ready 2 work.
With all due respect, you deserve no respect after your refusal to consider President Obama's nomination.
you are a hypocrite and should resign
is a HYPOCRITE and should be removed from office. You did nothing but obstruct for 8 years. #shameless
Very happy to see my senator support this new President. Finally the party can get constructive work done under Trump
Going to meet resistance on whoever is nominated for SCOTUS because of YOUR inaction on Garland. Don't whine about it.
Hope the dems do to you what you did to them and what you are trying to do to the country. #GOPFAIL
Waste of time will not be confirmed anyways Democratic will not approve
Boo! You stole this appointment from Obama. We will not forget
TRANSLATION: @SenateMajLdr We're spineless and despicable KKK sympathizers @POTUS who intend to contaminate #SCOTUS
Today I will meet with @POTUS to discuss the #SCOTUS vacancy as part of his consultations w Senate. I appreciate his soliciting our advice.
today I will contact my senators and ask that they block all nominees as was done to MY president's nominee
You should change twitter names.  You are NO leader.  @POTUS44 already nominated someone.  You failed to do your job!
Soulless Hypocrite, Lord Jesus Christ, Come Quickly, Come Quietly Lord Jesus!
Neil Gorsuch is the leading candidate
"Solicitation" is how the Senate & the White House works! You CORRUPT CLOWNS have got to go!
You would not even allow President Obama the decency of a hearing! You are not a true leader! How do you  at night
Will you also, while kissing his ass, ask him to stop lying to the American people and to release his taxes?
time to @SenWarren to block any @Scotus for the next four years.
you need to be impeached.
Problem is, you don't listen to OUR advice.
there's no hurry to fill vacancy right? Oh wait that's only your opinion when a Democrat is the president. #hypocrites
especially when that president is African American.
may you be blocked for as long as you blocked the real SCOTUS nominee.
Until he has a mandate of the majority of voters, he shouldn't have the ability to appoint anyone to Supreme Court.
please let's push to get Sessions confirmed.
I think it is refreshing for a President to actually speak with congress and get their input unlike 44
Putin Puppets . You Commies . USA USA USA I for one Love America First and Forever
why not look into @realDonaldTrump and his Russian connections. He is a #traitor. You are sworn to protect the USA.
Where was your urgency when Merrick Garland was nominated?
he was busy obstructing a black President of the United States. #SouthernStrategy
MY HOPE IS THAT DEM DO TO YOU WHAT YOU DID TO THEM
we should leave SC with 8
@McConnellPress @POTUS You do realize Trump doesn't care much what you think
actually he does, and the perpetual histrionics about his inauguration crowd numbers are proof! #sad 
. @SenateMajLdr @POTUS So, we have an orange bigot from New York and a pasty white bigot from Kentucky.  Nice.
oh please, you've been working together behind the scenes for quite a while. Hypocrite
You deserve defeat on so many levels you pincushion of a man.
YOU are the career politician your president warned you about
We should wait until 2020 so Americans can voice their support for a nomination.    #hypocrite
You two have much in common. Both racists liars and of course traitors.
you should be fired for refusing to meet with garland for so long!  you work for us yet you dismiss us #hypocrite
I am sure glad McC seems to be supporting conservative values , Just to clear No sneaky stuff !
so, definitely not real Christian ones, where he treats all Americans equally. #GotIt
Make the selection a Constitutional Conservative.

No Trump appointment to the Supreme Court. Let the voters decide in 2020.
@McConnellPress @POTUS remember this you old #DINOSAUR
Somebody help us. The #swamphas taken over the USA  Senate.#202-224-2541.
.@SenateMajLdr Garland or nothing, Yertle.
No way!
you should pick Merrick Garland. I hear he's totally fit for the job!
You'll allow a hearing for Trump's nominee but not for Pres.Obama's nominee?Is that fair or partisanship?Shame on you!
@McConnellPress @POTUS  are you riding your bike to the White House turtle man?!
.@SenateMajLdr .@POTUS I hope the Democrats do EXACTLY what you did!
pure racism, your blocking of President Obama's Supreme Court nomination. Don't expect respect when you act like that.
You know you have 2 give respect 2 get some. #SwampSenate destroyed the process. Thanks #GOP Obstruction
You & your comrades are despicable. History will show how your small minds destroyed this once beautiful nation.
you're an Alabama/Georgia transplant that got a former sierra club board member(your wife)a federal job. Hypocrisy & nepotism
that was early payoff for looking the other way about trump's "surprise" win.
Oh, how sweet. President Obama should have done this but you blocked him. Expect the same. 
#hypocrisy 
#DitchMitch
You should be discussing what info Russia has on @POTUS You don't care do you? TRAITOR!
I'm good with Merrick Garland.
That's what should have happened.
Thanks guys.
Adorbs Mitchy! Remember how you've been blocking this for 12+ months?! LOL at your obstructionist turtle power! #Turd
bunch of hypocrites! Democrats obstruct them as they did @POTUS44
block any nomination just as you did Merrick Garland who did not even come up for a vote!!!!!
@SenSchumer hope any nomination you put forward is rejected by the other side of the isle.
If you do not select a moderate--oh, like say, Garland--I hope the filibusters last til the end of this senate.
No grandstanding and blocking now That only for black presidents right.? I love your graveling now
"Kentucky: Always at Least 50 Years Behind" #obesity #heartDisease #BlackLung #MinerPensions #racism
I hold you responsible for the travesty that our democracy has  become in such short order. I hope your wife’s job’s worth it.
I'm sure your advice will be bought and paid for.
And I hope @NancyPelosi And the democrats block the nomination forever like you did. Petty vindictive little man.
Exactly! But Nancy is so weak and wishy washy. I don't have faith in her nor @SenSchumer 
Really? So @GOP are the only presidents that can nominate now?
Lets not forget "white" #GOP
Oh yes, I did forget that. But the chances of having a non-white @GOP president is so low.
Lemme save u time. 60 Votes. NOPE.
isn't filibustering a new tradition?  In this case I'm counting on it, what's good for the goose and all-
I would implore you to do the right thing and appoint a fair minded centrist, but considering your record.. lol
Very proud moment - First Senate Leader to ever deny a Pres an up or down vote on a court nominee
preventing @POTUS44 from filling this vacancy is a historic injustice.
he has a present for you, comrade
The American ppl sent a clear message: they don't want Trump to fill Obama's SC seat. Listen or watch the map turn blue
No backing down or being polite, they would nuke us, so returning the favor is not just fair play it is required action
"our" meaning you and 2 Democrats
AND IF WE CONTINUE MARCHING THEN WE - NOT YOU WILL GET ALL THE ATTENTION AND ALL THE PRESS.  DO THE FUCKING RIGHT THING
Trump is going to turn me into a democrat. Stop the alt right now or we lose sanity as a country.
it's already happened to me! Trump / McConnell / Ryan values are NOT republican values
AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL NOT STOP MARCHING UNLESS YOU CHOOSE A NON-PARTISAN CANDIDATE.  WE WILL NOT STOP.
until he divests, he has many phone numbers to express your outrage. Trump Bar 212-836-3200
relay this message; nothing, not even the gaming fee which I'd appreciate if he'd put up himself; thx
preventing @POTUS44 from filling this vacancy is a historic injustice.
I totally agree
make it @JusticeWillett!!!
