You make me ashamed to admit i am from KY. You and the gop are wolves in sheep's clothing. Self Serving ( Expletives ).
my body my rights. If you believe all life is important than  you have to ban the death penalty.
then once they are born, they are on their own with no hope of a future. You've sold your soul.
yes as long they aren't refugees.
You mean unborn life, but not immigrant lives, or lives of poor children that you don't want to give assistance to, right?
tell that to the refugees who need your help.
So glad you adopted 3 children!!!
How about "hearing" the millions who marched in the women's march?
did u hear the woman from the week before? There were millions of woman all over... but im sure u have selective hearing
Have you been pregnant with a 2 mo. fetus that is dying but you have to wait 9 months and give birth to a dead baby?
I want you to remember your own words- 'the dignity of every life'.  The oppressed and suffering. #America will hold you to it
if you "respect the dignity of every life",STOP the Muslim ban, support PP,raise the minimum wage, let the EPA do it's job.
what about all the children in your state that go hungry everyday and have drug addicted parents? :/
Except refugee children coming here for medical care. You only support fetuses not real live children M
answer my question please. If you knew a Syrian refugee would die if not given safety in US, would u save that human's life?
Why didn't you hear all the women on Jan 21?  Do you not respect our lives and rights? No tweets then @womensmarch
Have you ever been pregnant?  Raped & impregnated by a rapist?
Why did you not support the millions who participated in the #womensmarch across the country and around the world?
we are pro life and pro choice! Stop setting us back!
Unless that life is poor, black, muslim or female...
but screw the #WomensMarch, BLM marches, LGBT, POC, the poor, disabled, Muslims, women, refugees, & protesters you don't like.
You support every life until it is born.  You are not pro-life, you are pro-birth!
@McConnellPress are you a damn crazy old men
How many children have you brought into your home and raised! Hypocrite!
@McConnellPress  how about other voices. Just the ones align to your agenda.
up to the point that they develop cancer, or need food assistance, or well-funded schools...
let's not respect women and their healthcare though. That would be too much.
Making abortion illegal does not decrease abortions.  It decreases the number of women who survive them.
Not true. You may march for birth, but what comes after is not your concern.  #NoACARepeal #NoMuslimban #NoDAPLXL #Waterislife
***terms and conditions may apply.
Get it right.  March for BIRTH.  U don't give a damn once they are born.  U want to give them NO help.  So, just shut up.
@McConnellPress what about the lives of refugees? Or do only certain human lives matter in your eyes? #StopPresidentBannon
make it happen then.
@McConnellPress HYPOCRITE! WHAT ABOUT THE DISGUSTING MUSLIM BAN! AND ALL THOSE GOING TO B KILLED BECAUSE OF IT! HYPOCRATE!
ABD AMERICAN LIVES AND THEIR HEALTH CARE CONES FIRST! My my $$ & health care has gone down down, down! Build that wall!
If you were pro-life, your caring would not stop at birth.
If you respected the dignity of every life, you wouldn't be blocking Syrian refugees.
Men should not force laws that affect only women. How about we take away VIAGRA and Rogaine?
YOU ARE NOT CAPABLE
unless you're a refugee, impoverished, or putting your lives at risk to help the us. You are only pro fetus
As long as it's not a refugee? As long as it's not an immigrant? Take a stand, @SenateMajLdr.
To all of those in the #MarchForLife, know that we hear your words & we join your call for a nation that respects the dignity of every life.
Pro-birth, not pro-life.

We respect dignity and life but Pro lifers only care about pro-birth as theydeny care for unwanted babies and refugees.
good  it is not 1971 anymore- infanticide now accepted as a woman right wow
YUP, SAVE THE FETUS BUT KILL THE CHILD AND MOTHER. NIce Christian thing to do.
Please be a moral man and stand by the same rules you applied to the democrats for confirmations.  You look dirty right now.
As long as they're not born yet!!
Except the lives of poor children who are already born. Then they can just fend for themselves. Hypocrite!
just a thought why don't you all repeal your government subsidised healthcare then we the people might afford our own
You are going to hell, I am sorry to inform you of that . I have tried to give you more than one heart knock but I've failed
Except this one:
THE ONE THING YOU DO NOT DO IS RESPECT THE DIGNITY OF LIFE. COWARD.
what about the banned refugees of syria/yemen? Or the black men murdered by police #BLM. Caring about a fetus & not a life??
@McConnellPress really?  Does that include the miners whose health care you're trying to take away?
what about the lives of children being slaughtered overseas, that you turned your backs on?! GOP are all a bunch of Hypocrites
Except the lives of refugees, the Americans killed by guns every year, people without adequate healthcare.......
Don't these people have jobs?  Spineless.
How can you support life and allow what is happening to war torn refugees? This does not respect the dignity of EVERY life.
what about the estimated 20 million Americans that face losing healthcare if the ACA is repealed?
what about the lives of refugees?
Every life? Really? Muslim lives? No? You are probirth NOT pro life  Did you "hear" the millions at Women's March?
Unless it's a brown refugee life.
what about life after birth obstructionist?
Except those who need healthcare. Fuck those guys right?
You do not respect the dignity of Muslim, gay, black, poor, elderly lives!
#manipulateus
And where was your tweet supporting the Women's March(es), the largest set of coordinated marches in history?
@McConnellPress Every life???? Don't you mean every white life????STOP #president#bannon
Until they are born, then you whine about the parents who then need welfare.
Really because  you care for corporations than you do for the people of ky. Maybe it's time to listen to our concerns.
Every life except those who rely on Affordable Care. Seeing as after 6 years you have NO viable replacement.
@McConnellPress unless those lives are refugees from Syria.
....except a Muslim's, apparently. Make it stop NOW. For shame.
Do you hear OUR words at the Muslims Ban protests?
Except refugee children. Those lives don't matter, right? #resist
Did you not hear our words in the Women's March? Do you think we were all Dems?  Wrong, very wrong! we vote as well as march!
Stop trying to regulate women's health. Show some dignity toward women and their private medical decisions with their doctors.
Just not immigrants, even though our ENTIRE NATION is immigrants. COWARD!!
I call on you to respect the decision of the Supreme Court and get your religion out of my choices for my body
if you really respected life you would allow in refugees. And provide child care and paid family leave. Hypocrite!
Retire, McConnell. You're a traitor.
Like hell you do.
get out of our bedrooms and concern yourself with retraining the coal miners, their jobs are not coming back and you know it.
Here are my words.  WE ARE GOING TO VOTE YOU OUT OF OFFICE YOU RIDICULOUS OLD MAN!!  THE GOP IS EVIL!!!!
or have poisoned water
or poor
but not if you're a refugee
March for life, so sad the GOP doesn't care about the child after it is born!
Every life? How about immigrants (who we are a country of) and 18+month vetted refugees? Respect every life please!
every life except the refugees, apparently. And anyone from arbitrarily chosen nations, some of which are allies.
How about all of those in the marches for refugees? Have you heard their words? #ResistTrump #PresidentSteveBannon
except outside life. And poor life. And well...most life. Except rich white life. We respect that too. Right? Between da line.
you liar. You don't respect the lives of the poor who need welfare, or the lives of vetted immigrant Muslim Americans.
all lives except refugees, you mean. Country and constitution over party,  Mr.  McConell,  we implore you.
Then you'll be reinstalling school lunch programs, Medicaid/food stamps for kids+ welcoming refugee children once again right
Is LIfe not important if it is an actual living child fleeing war torn countries?
what about refugees???? #hypocrite
EVERY life? How about those in Flint, those threatened by DAPL
Except if you're Muslim, right? This administration is an abomination to all of mankind.
life includes health insurance Mitch!!
Every life? Muslim's have lives and beating hearts too. @JanWindglows 
https://twitter.com/JessikaJayne/status/825622046453424129 …
-does your respect for life include those unfortunates stopped at our borders yesterday?  What about the death penalty?
Muslim lives also deserve dignity.
Was there a tweet saying you heard the voices of the MILLIONS that marched in the @womensmarch ? Do you hear our voices?
@McConnellPress Of all the very hypocritical things you've said, this has got to be the worst!
You support the lives of the unborn but not the living.  Why are you not coming out in dissent of the Muslim ban?
Is it because your wife is in the cabinet?
@McConnellPress the new POTUS is destroying your party your a piss poor leader.
REALLY. How about the lives of legal residents of USA currently being blocked from entering? #Coward #Hypocrite
You are terrible.
No offense, but all the world can see you've put Party b4 People. You're a hypocrite and one of the reasons #NeverRepublican
~ *every life - some exclusions apply. See: Syrian refugees, vetted elderly immigrants, American poor, etc.
every life, including refugees? #hypocrite
How hypocritical is this tweet? March for LIFE? Respecting the dignity of EVERY life?
Unless you're gay or an immigrant. Time to use your backbone. Hisotry will not be kind to collaborators.
You care about pro birth, but once the baby is born you don't want to do shit.
Oh if you are to be logically consistent in thinking abortion is murder why are you friends with our Ally pro choice Israel?
Yea we saw it, and the @womensmarch still beat trump and your pro birth rally
Well almost every life except for the Muslims that is, right? Hell, maybe you don't even respect the dignity of life for Jews.
You banned Muslims! Caused mass panic! Countries threaten war! How can you say this in the morning and do all that by evenIng
@GOP will not survive TRUMP.
if this is what you believe, explain how you can repeal ACA and stand begind the Muslim ban? You're pro forced birth.
Bullshit. Respect 4 dignity of life would give everyone had access to health insurance like every other developed country.
Except for those who are Muslim and come from a country where 45 doesn't have business interests
EVERY life? How about kids in public school who stand to lose thru the appointment of Betty DeVos
EVERY life? How about those needing a hand up through programs such as SNAP, TANF and the ACA?
EVERY life? How about the lives of immigrants who have been legally vetted and issued visas?
if you respected life you'd have a completely different opinion on refugees #fraud #illegitimate #shameful
Except the lives of people who will be severely harmed when you gut the AffordableCareAct and Medicare/Medicaid.
Sir:We the People want to know what Congress is doing about the POTUS business conflicts of interest & Russian interference.
Except fuck all those people who marched LAST Saturday...right, Mitch?
You know whose lives you have disrespected with your silence? Those of refugees trying to find safe harbor in our country.
Introduce legislature that eases state to state regulations on adoption. Each state has it's own laws.  Time to change this!
@McConnellPress how about the the dignity of decent muslims that are being denied our freedoms due to your bigotry/racism

I assume this means you oppose a Muslim ban?  I suppose you will support funds for violence against women?
It is time for u to address the pressing issues of the day: refugee ban, attack on free press, alt facts, health care.
@McConnellPress ..if the nation has to depend on you for anything we are  screwed #Obstruction
you only have respect for white males as your actions and NONactions have proved
The #MarchForLife is anti-woman, -family, and -child, and so are you. You do not represent the majority of Americans.
Many of us are trying to be that nation, but it is more difficult when you condemn thousands of refugees to die.
@McConnellPress except the lives of greencard holders from countries Trump doesn't do business with, right?
"Unless you come from the following 7 countries..."
Madame, you KNOW That is an absolutely bold LIE! #hypocrite
Every life if it's white Christian male. All are welcome here. Choice is the only choice.
Does Steve Bannon now run the country?  If so what do we need you for.
how can you state this and support a ban on refugees? Children of Flint? Please explain. Tax payers want answers!
if you respect every life why are you not speaking out again @POTUS #MuslimBan ? Don't Syrian children count as "life" to you?
Respect ALL lives even refugees - STOP the EO signed Friday! Direct CBP to comply with yesterday's order!
Really? U.S bombs Muslims countries, turns away those seeking a life & you call it a nation of respect & dignity is foolish
.@SenateMajLdr Your job is to listen to all citizens, not just the ones that reaffirm your own beliefs.
yeah but did you hear the millions from the women's march? What's that Mitch? You can't hear us? Well we hear you. #Retire
need to step down, you are not relevant anymore
BUT NOT THE LIFE OF THESE BABIES!!!!  THE HYPOCRACY!!!
Funny that you can respect life in the womb but can't respect life outside the womb. #muslimban #FlintWaterCrisis
amazing how u can tweet about pro life but silent on other people's right. Shame on you!
except immigrant lives? Refugee lives? You know the ones their mothers didn't abort.
If you truly respect human life as you claim,  then respect refugees,  help unite this country and not divide it.
this tweet is a lie we don't respect the dignity of every life and you are betraying our values
Well @SenateMajLdr , apparently that respect doesn't really extend to the rights of women...All women.
yeah.  Right.  Turning away refugees and separating families shows how much you value all aspects of "life".  Sold your soul.
Such concern for life. Refugees are on their own. 

For shame on Republican party. @GOP
Unless they turn out to be LGBTQ, or Muslim, or poor or a DREAMer or an unarmed black kid profiled by police. You have no respect for life.
do you hear the words of the protestors from airports last night?! PLEASE STOP THIS MADMAN. And Bannon on NSC??
unless they're refugees from countries that don't do business with your commander in chief, of course.
what about the Women's March last week? No support for that?
