Where did you learn to spread propaganda so effectively?  ?
The Russians!
Aetna and Anthem made a combined 4.5 billion dollar profit per their own financial statements but can't "afford" to do business in states?
GOP added 8 billion over years for preexisting but Aetna and Anthem made more than half of that in one year!! Hmmm let's give them more?
No, but best we have. Stop blaming and fix it.  We have listened to GOP for 7yrs. Do your job or let someone who can.
Republicans are OK with ensuring it fails by refusing to provide proper resources or support for it.
Limits r better than NO HEALTHCARE!!
You're a horrible human being. Selfish. Liar. How do you sleep at night.
You're the only failure around here.  You fail at basic human decency.
I think he should be investigated for emoluments as well as @NancyPelosi @johnmccain @chuckschumer @berniesanders @maxinewaters
You won't show us the replacement? That means you are ashamed of that worthless bill. Write one you're proudr of & show it to us.
Companies are pulling out of exchanges because you are cutting funding. Please stop lying Mitch!
You're hideous! You are why term limits have got to be implemented. Outrageous how HRC was pilloried by GOP but this conman, Don, runs amok!
And the @gop and @potus continue to fail the American people.
Drain the swamp - Drain the swamp - Drain the swamp - Drain the swamp - Drain the swamp - Drain the swamp - Drain the ... you get the idea
Frigging liar - people of Kentucky will be the most negatively impacted by your Trumpcare obsession, or are you getting $ from insurers?
No - why don't you fix the ACA instead of doing some backroom deal?
Mitch,who cares.Let it fail,let the govt close on 9/30,pass nothing.These things shouldn't be hard for GOP or Demons,used to pay for nothing
Because you and the GOP are doing everything in your power to see that the AHCA fails. #fakeSenator.
Liar
No. But apparently you're fine with it failing. Don't mistake here  America knows who's ruining it and it's @GOP. There will be a reckoning
Stop lying & gaslighting the American people. Your attempts to hide senate HC bill from US citizens & shove it thru in haste is despicable.
Why aren't the GOP ready to pass their own healthcare bill. What is the hold up??
You had 8 years to get it together.
You're a lying sleazy corrupt treasonous piece of garbage. #VoteHimOut #complicit #trumpRussia #nepotism #KushnerKremlin
YOU LOSE!
Fix it! Stop letting a critical, vital program that protects the health of our nation's people fail! No need to start over, fix the ACA!
Is @GOP ok throwing millions off of healthcare, gutting Medicaid  (promising not to), to give @realDonaldTrump a huge tax cut? #trumpbudget
You are creating the lack of choices.  You just want a tax cut for the wealthy.  You are evil.
Why do you keep treating Americans like they are pawns in your games? We are living, breathing, human beings. Not tokens to be gambled with.
"We haven't had time to read the bill", is a pretty lousy excuse from Mitch's offices. Can't tell you what's in it but they want you to pay
It means you knew and you are complicit
#TRAITORS
Also I think they have already have done more than enough "protecting" to #implicate themselves.
#CorruptGOP #GOPutin #GovOfPutin #PutinPals 
And you still have no plan for Health Care after 8 yrs., to replace Affordable Care Act! Ps not called Obama Care, Trump/McConnell care fail
Are the #GOP ok with removing choices and protections for citizens? Why not offer #singlepayer if there are dwindling choices? #healthcare
Because countries that have singlepayer have a 45-75percent tax rate which Americans will not pay.
This is demonstrably untrue. Link me to your source please.
I have googled the tax rates in Denmark, Japan, Austrailia etc. When you add up their various taxes almost all of them tax better than 50%.
The countries with high tax rates have a lot more than free health care. Retirement income, housing, education, family leave, so much.
I'm Canadian and I pay 24%income tax total. That's considered high? $75/mo for healthcare in BC & no deductibles.
Higher "taxes" in some of these countries would still be less than many pay for insurance in US. Supply meeting demand is problem.
You think so? The US already has huge hospital networks. They have population to support the demand, I believe.

Until Democrats take a stand against aborting a million babies a year, they can just shut up about the Republicans "killing people."

No worse that Clinton getting a blow job in the Oval Office.  And at least Hillary or Bernie will never be POTUS
Yeah I think being a traitor is a little worse.
You are playing with our lives - it shall rest on your conscience forever.Your complete HATRED for Pres Obama is what propels you to do this
Mitch McConnell has no conscience.  He's a Koch brothers crony.
Kind of figured that.  So Kochs and Mercers rule this country.
We are in need of some serious election finance reforms and take our country back from the millionaires and their superpacs.
We truly need to take our country back. We need the WH back as well.
AMEN!
Are you ok with allowing old and poor people to be left without care? What is wrong with you? Have you lost all morals?
Until Democrats take a stand against aborting a million babies a year, they can just shut up about the Republicans "killing people."
Your parents “almost went broke” when you had polio.  Today you turn your back on “decent, affordable health care”
Trouble is, a charity helped him and now he thinks we should all depend on the kindness of strangers instead of our government safety nets.
The idea that people who use SNAP, welfare, Medicaid, SS are 'takers' has hidden the fact that a lot of people NEED assistance today.
They need to quit living off Gov. Get a job pay taxes and contribute to society. I shouldn't be forced by trolls like yourself to pay more
I do volunteer work with people who need help to live. They didn't ask to be children in need, homeless, hungry, elderly or disabled.
Just heard a story of a guy took his wife to ER in NY BC diabetes. Husband sent home wife sat in ER 21 HRS & she died, choked to death!! ACA
Before ACA, that ER was packed with untreated cardiac patients, children with preventable illnesses and everyone who can't pay to see a Dr.
Secret meeting/dinner to say No & impede Obama's every move, while best POTUS44 was at his inauguration ball, to just get in POTUS44 way! 
I'm so incredibly pissed, indeed!  Corruption!!!  Healthcare lobbyists own these senators. GREED $$$
POLL:
Do you respect Senate Majority Leader Addison "Mitch" McConnell, Jr.?
Evil corrupt rich traitor
Tell us how you really feel about him please.  
Love him! Actually, love all, but don't like him & the rest clear. Occasionally have to get out of my system.
We, the people, are well aware of the sabotage by you & your party of the ACA, done with blatant disregard for the very citizens you serve!
Yep
@SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP don't gv up ,Do away w/Obamacare,work on taxes/ can congress  walk&chew gum same time?
Called ACA #impeach unstable/unfit Trump & Puppets, a circus! 
You are trying to kill millions by taking their healthcare, to give big tax breaks to the rich. You take bribes. You are a corrupt sell-out!
Are republicans OK with the tRUmp regime? Why do you keep enabling him?
Well I guess they are the same way you're okay with killing people off.  You're in it for only for what you can get out of it. #resigntoday
Hey, why has the sanctions bill not been signed?! We, the people are wide awake and watching. Stop stalling and demand POTUS SIGN THE BILL!

https://www.youngcons.com/backstabber-senate-majority-leader-mcconnell-wages-war-on-conservatives-to-keep-them-out-of-senate/?ref=FacebookPost …

Where do you stand when this Admin encourages law enforcers to be rough with prisoners? Where is your voice?
You say "voters wanted a repeal".No that is too simplistic.Voters only wanted something better as promised- Better Cheaper Plans for ALL-

Alternate McConnell facts! Fix the ACA with bipartisan bill from Dems. and Reps. Stop lying.  Let's repeal and replace Mitch McConnell #MAGA
We gave YOU your dream senate.  Why are you whining about democrats? U hold the cards, U can't win... incompetent or complicit
@SpeakerRyan U2 supposedly LDRS NEED TO KNOW THT VTRS SEE THERE R SOME LEGITIMATE REPUBLICANS TRYING 2 WRK ON BI-PARTISAN H.C.HEED THE WRNNG
You collected campaign money for years on this issue. We expect competence from you, not more whining. Get this done.
It is on you you failed! You're W Trash and a traitor
#DrainTheRINOSwamp #DrainTheDinosaurs u want POTUS 2 FAIL get it done!  Ur a useless fossil #TermLimits
Only thing failing AMERICA is Republican Congress and WH. Fewer insurers result of GOP relentless pursuit of repeal. http://www.salon.com/2017/03/22/how-republicans-quietly-sabotaged-obamacare-long-before-trump-came-into-office_partner/ …
Health insurance pulled out of marketplaces b/c of uncertainty over whether there would be any ACA
You have some GALL. This is a result of your continued attempt to repeal ACA & insur. comp. not being compensated by gov for fed subsidies.
Take note you failed excuse for a representative! THIS IS WHAT A REAL REPRESENTATIVE OF the PEOPLE LOOKS LIKE.
Americans would be happy with you dwindling out of Washington. http://www.salon.com/2017/06/16/10-ways-mitch-mcconnells-secret-evil-senate-operation-to-destroy-obamacare-will-make-life-hell-for-many-americans_partner/ …
Who are you trying to convince?  I don't see one person on ANY GOP's feed that are asking for Ocare repeal/replace.  NOT ONE!!  *LIAR*
Vote for whichever Republican runs against McConnell, NeoCons need to go.
Going along with Trump's maniacal obsession with Obamacare repeal—but no replacement plan only ACA sabotage—is going to sink the party
ACA is up against sabotage from you and @POTUS. You should be ashamed.
Regarding Obama Care WE THE PEOPLE SAY . TIME TO STEP UP STEP  DOWN OR STEP ASIDE..SENATOR.. @realDonaldTrump
.@SenateMajLdr 
Spoiler alert: this all makes you look better than country perceives you.
Truth
1/I also Q if "truth" for Addison is simply a placeholder word devoid of meaning but serving a function: whatever means necessary to achieve
2/his selfish, horrid goals.

Although Trump's, Ryan's, MccConnell's views of "truth" may differ, through that lens it's easy to see the
Impeach trump
America won this morning. Time for you to pack your bags and return to KY to retire!
The gop continues to fail the American people.
You DO NOT speak for the majority of Americans. Your the true definition of a HYPOCRITE.
Shame on u for trying to screw is with ur repeal

Care to share your bill ol' turtlehead? Oh that's right, it's terrible so you can't show it for fear of people's reactions.
Or is it that Republicans r ok with this mess u had 7 freaking years to prepare but u did nothing and also did what u cud to harm the POTUS
Suck it McConnell!
If there is any light of Christ in you Mitch, youd 1st remove trump from ofc. Then youd work w/dems to fix ACA. Take care of ALL americans!
And stop now with the women shaming, douchbag
Clearly you are. Why did you decide to become a politician? Thought it would be fun? Easy? Powerful? Serve the constituents, a$$hole.
And now you can't wait o do a keggers in the Rose Garden with your king @realDonaldTrump & kiss the ring of Koch
OMG give up! We want insurance with preventative and pre-existing conditions coverage. Make what we have better and cheaper.
Doesn't govern mean reach across the aisle for the good of country and  people? I expect this from all our lawmakers. Fix ACA for the people
No, but you seem to think single payer = socialism & you'd rather take coverage away from millions of Americans if it meant for your pocket
And the Repugs are doing everything they can to help it fail.
Mitch McConnell,  you are a disgrace to your constituents and the rest of the American people.
ACA is not failing you and the rest of the Republican are.
But if you really want to kill ObamaCare, try this: Single Payer Health Care.
Obama Cared.  Something we all know you don't.
BTW- One of my proudest moments, after years of watching your circus act was witnessing u go from laughing to pouting when McCain voted.
Are you?  get a real bill that answers real problems like the ACA did and you might have an argument, dude.
Look at Bernie Sanders Medicare for all plan. He's got it all written out for you. Healthcare is a right for all.

#Medicare for all
Be a hero and devise Medicare for all. Like the rest of the planet, we all deserve all inclusive  healthcare paid by our tax dollars.
Grow a pair and stand up for your senators. If Trump knows so much about healthcare, have HIM COME UP WITH A BETTER PLAN!
Trump shames and threatens you and you sit there and take it. LET THE PEOPLE KNOW YOU ARE ON THEIR SIDE, NOT TRUMP'S!!!
So when are you changing to 51 so you can get things done?
STOP LYING. YOUR PARTY GUTTED PARTS OF THE BILL TO TRY TO MAKE IT FAIL & IT IS STILL BETTER THAN ANYTHING YOU PROPOSED. #KillTheBill
Why not mandate that all employers provide A+  healthcare plans then let them right it off 100%at tax time WF people pay via deduction/check
How about you take this latest defeat as a sign that you should work in a bipartisan way to fix hc instead of sabotaging it?! #deplorable 
The only thing you are the leader of is #GOPDeathPanels.
is it failing because it helps the poor and not your 1% masters
Wow look at all those red states screwing their constituents &the insurance companies not being held accountable for not insuring Americans
Your party PURPOSELY sabotaged the ACA, and you expect  us to forget?! SHAME on you!!! Bring back the risk cooridors, as they were meant 2b
If you were a decent human being you would work across the aisle to make this plan succeed so all Americans could have your health plan
Can you just FIX whats wrong with the ACA???  Do something to HELP people for a change?
Karma
You fail  your state of Kentucky.  They pay you and wife high salaries. Fifth highest poverty rate. Google it
I am ashamed that you represent Ky. In 1776 you would have been tarred and feathered
Remove @SenJohnMcCain on medical - suffering from brain damage!
You're trying to CHEAT the American people with this shady bill.  SHAMEFUL.  This is why Americans hate politicians #swampLeader
Trump is right...just let Obamacare continue until it falls apart completely...then it will be obvious to everyone who doesn't believe it.
Time to cross the isle & work w/Senators who actually care about protecting families & our economy. U lose this vote & you'll lose your seat
Are you okay with killing millions of the most vulnerable and needy?
I'm tired of your bullshit criticism of something that works and benefits the American people. How dare you insult our intelligence?
Now go and explain THAT total screw up to your donors!
Loser!!!
dwindling choices, are better than zero choices.. drop the torch, and work bipartisanship FOR ALL THE PEOPLE! not just GOP constituents..
Fix instead repealing! #GOP
LOOK HOW MANY COMMENTS AND SO FEW LIKES! You're on the wrong road you sonofabitch 
IF YOU CAN'T get Republicans in line ... maybe you should remind them they were ONLY elected, because of the promise to #RepealAndReplace!
Offer Congress healthcare like McCaskell's idea or go universal!
Kentucky can see you now. They know you lied. You're robbing them of a healthier & longer life. How many more will you murder?

“Our first child, Jacob, was born with Down syndrome…” 
Obviously, you're really not a leader. You haven't been able to accomplish one thing in over 6 months. #midgetdigits isn't going to like you

GOP sold its SOUL to this NO VALUES, NO CHARACTER,NO MORALS @realDonaldTrump. IT is TIME to show LEADERSHIP! HE WILL NOT DISRUPT DEMOCRACY!
Please vote no against trump care. We need to keep the Affordable care act. Call it what it is. Affordable. Fix it.
Failing to say it's because @realDonaldTrump on day one took funding away! STOP BEING COMPLICIT with Trump trying to KILL AMERICAN PEOPLE
Wow. You didnt do a thing to change it. 

Judas.
Pinning this to your twitter feed is a constant reminder of your MANY screw ups and that you put your wallet ahead of our wellbeing.

RETIRE
Very disappointed in our republican senators. How disrespectful for the "flip-floppers to celebrate their betrayal and call it courageous.


If every single politician, judge, government & state employee had to have Obama, things would be a lot different.No more exemptions!
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Get your ass to work and pass a healthcare bill. We are watching and we  vote
You lie, the American ppl needs not an old turtle to decide party over country. Your old, have some dignity before your put out to pasture
Is this a map of district gerrymandering?
There is NO SOURCE for this information, none at all making it ivalid. Anyone can color the US, make labels and give it a fancy title. Easy.
why do you support Trump?
why would _anyone_ support Trump?
completely incompetent and dishonest
@SenateDems 15mo & 44 hearings 2 #ACA & @SenateGOP tried to sneak #wealthcare through in dead of night. @GOP #lies r catching up #WeSeeYou
ACA is law.
you swore to uphold the law.
you are sabatoging ACA by withholding funds.
taxpayer betrayal
your goal is re election, period.
@SenateDems have begged to work with @SenateGOP on improving #ACA but real @GOP motives of #wealthcare #taxcuts4rich has deafened you all
STOP. You know what to do and we know it. And, impeach Trump while you are at it.
He won't bcz his wife is a cabinet member.
