The AHCA is nothing more than a tax break for those who make $200,000 or more and insurance companies.  It is not a healthcare bill!!!
Faux gossip #startyourownrumor
Well Senator Majority Leader , if the health plan you guys have is good enough for YOU, how about giving it to WE, the People???  
We want that "Cadillac Plan" too !!! Spread that wealth around, can't have the CEOs of the insurance cos.(your donors) getting it all, right
Can't we get rid of this creep
Faux News
Another ins company removing themselves from Obama Care or what's left of the exchange! So ppl on this will have to pay no coverage
Healthcare for all not just for y'all
I hope with every fiber of my being that you lose your Senate Seat after selling out to your constituents #SpecialProsecutor
So Senator McConnell why is the Senate not ready to submit their bill now after many years in the majority! Why waiting for the House bill?
Pathetic and frightening 
Nothin' else to discuss this morning?  Nothing?
Yeah, I could've sworn something else was going on.... hmmm... 
BLAH BLAH BLAH!!!!
You lie!
MURDERER
mcconnell: only leader I see. appointees &  TAX reform thru. dems r lost cause, do simple majority. end the congressional  circus
Let Obamacare implode so we can get our healthcare insurance back
GOP plan much worse, sick of republican BS and not working for American citizens.  #impeach, you need to go too, take your head out of sand
Seriously, if there is an investigation do you really think it's going to stop because Comey is gone?
Really? Didn't think Dems would raise a stink? What r u drinking? They would raise a stink if he said today is Wednesday
Crooked Trump. There u go again. Do u guys really ever listen to urselves?
Hey, Yertle, we have bigger things to think about right now.
Not true! This is the first time in 3 years I had insurance. Finally got a PAP smear which could detect cancer. Thanks to ACA.
Hey thanks for removing health care for a million people #norelection #McConnell
F U Mitch and Fox News
No.  He does.  How's your wife liking the job your buddy Trump gave her so you'd end the Russian investigation?
#liar
Oh, but not as bad as you want to hurt us. Don't you ever tire of being smug megalomaniac? Where is our special prosecutor?
I call for your resignation !step aside so investigation can be made!
Step down! Blocking for a special prosecutor, obstruction of justice, and obstruction of investigation is a crime. Step down!
The Lord who is has said, "that he will not replace affordable health care". U named it Obama care, It was Kennedy Care from the beginning.
#Obamacare is helping me!
Bullshit!! You lie! #LockThemAllUp #SpecialInvestigator

The ACA has a higher approval rating than the POTUS, much higher than Congress
so now it's our turn to not fix it but screw you over as much as we can !
Mitch, appoint a special prosecutor. Are you dirty to Mitch? Party before country?
Why aren't congress using Obamacare. Oh that right because it is failing.
It's what saved my life in a recent cardiac surgery due to hereditary cond. TrumpDeathCarw will kill me
Senator You&YourParty HasForgottenAbout All Americans.YouAre harboring Trump & Russia Instead of finding The Truth What do You Gain?
RT @FoxNews: .@SenateMajLdr: "#ObamaCare is a failed law that continues to hurt Americans every single day."
We need a class action suit against GOP for sabotaging ACA and insurance companies. They left a paper trail. Easy win
MITCH MCCONNELL KEEPS MAKING EVERYTHING WORSE
@SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr covering up trump Russia ties are committing treason turning America into a Third World dictator in a country
What evidence has there been since last July that show collusion?
@FBI  Please  investigate  Mitch McConnell @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan  for their role in committing treason by covering up TrumpRussia
McConnell hurts Americans every single day.
Lying sacks of sh1t
Hillary going to jail
Not the least bit important today.
It's NOT about #ObamaCare . We want good health insurance for everyone, no matter what you call it. "Our plan" or "theirs" doesn't matter!!!
We need leaders with courage and integrity and most Republicans DONT fit that description
but it's not hurting enough - we can fix that!!
Failing ACA pushed through exclusively by partisan Democrats
So sad! So wrong! So many LIES! The AMERICAN people are OUTRAGED at @GOP efforts to use @realDonaldTrump #trumpcare to return USA to 1950s.
True but the House bill is even worse
Republicans looking like the Government of the 60's and before•This is not the way we should be acting in this time•All need 2 B voted out•
He's gaslighting the American people. The ACA isn't perfect but many of its 'failings' have been inflicted by the GOP.
Oh please! Guess it's Bush's fault, huh?
A lot of things are Bush's fault, but what does he have to do with the ACA?
You said it was undermined by the GOP. Obama lied from day one about it and it was passed by Dems with complete control in Congress.
It had some GOP support to. That's why it was passed. But last time I checked, Bush came before Obama.
*too
Priorities r all screwed up. Trump should not be able to a damn thing until a full independent investigation is done. Stop fucking us over.
How r we getting "fucked over" ?
2) only insurer left, Humana, will not cover drug that works. Drug costs $1,100 per month. Just one more example why Obamacare has failed
You are supporting a despot, a Kleptocracy and lying to us about healthcare. Resign or do your job. You must be compromised too. We know.
Obamacare killed my father I will never forgive the dems for it
Tactic from @POTUS & Joseph Goebbels playbook: "If you tell a lie big enough & keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it"
1) After 2 yrs failed treatments Aug.'16 United HC finally approved treatment that works. Oct' 16 UHC pulls out of my state.
American people care less about this now -get answers about Trump ties to Russia with indep investigation! "March For Truth" is coming!
Stop lying about Health Care. Appoint women and minorities to your committee. Stop defending Trump's Nixonian act. We demand Indp Commission
Who's lying about Healthcare other than Obama when the Dems passed it?
Can it be true......Does bravery spread......?.....Will the firing of Comey put some starch in the Senate?
special prosecutor !!! Why not, you scared bro?
Earlier today you declared yourself to be the phony you have always been. People aren't that SIMPLE. Russia collusion is bad for us.
Up to know I haven't seen any kind of proof. Only Propaganda chit chat from those useless Republican Scumbags
We ALL know the AHA needs work Sir, so please work to fix it!Soc Sec & Medicare took years to reform. No TAKING FR THE POOR TO PAY THE RICH!
Especially the people who are not dying because they're getting the healthcare they couldn't get any other way.
The Russian foreign affairs minister is in Washington mocking this country right now while you are mocking the millions of people on ACA.
You also have failed and continue to hurt Americans so I guess that makes u even
I don't understand why everyone can't see the Obama care is a failed program?  My insurance jumped almost double last year and we had todrop
The democrats &republicans need 2get 2work on the ppls business no investigations r giving us healthcare we wil vote out all obstructionists
It is people like this who have dragged America down to the level it is today ! Kentucky starves and gets sick so McConnwll can win a game!
Um  what the healthcare batman? Here he is ladies and gentlemen Mitch "Trump and Insurance companies own me" McConnell. Bought and paid for
I lost complete respect for you right now....
no need for a special prosecutor let DOJ and congress do its work.
Its going away, real politicians, who want real changes , that help the real people who work,and the real PRESIDENT is doing away with it!
Well Mr Mitch where was all the reps Did yall try to come together with the Dems in the last 8 years No Reps blocked everything they could
Fake news Mitch! You dirty rat
the leaders of the so call Democratic party have politically molested our youth, our youth should check there BUTTS
I think you may have taken too many blows to the head.
Earn real money online by working as a part time job easily, earn up to 2500$ dollars weekly guranteed join link at http://trendyrock.com/?share=116084 
You're a failed politician who hurts Americans every day.
Trump promised--repeatedly--not to touch Trump voters Medicaid. The bill he backed savages Medicaid. $880 billion in cuts.
Trump supporters who get pregnant will have to pay 425% more under Trump's health plan compared to Obamacare
Mitch McConnell: Sad Legacy of Obstruction, Corruption and Collusion. ,,,,, "Nevertheless she "PERSISTED" Sad, Sad little man
The new healthcare bill...are illegal immigrants prohibited?? "we the people" are getting sold out again by the corrupt political elites
*sighs* They could not get insurance at all because they don't have SSNs. Can you provide the link where you found out they are getting ins?
Bullshit. @FoxNews is as bad as the @DrudgeReportUSA all dumb asses
@realDonaldTrump  turned you into his propaganda factory, when the dust settles that's how you'll be remembered
"...so we have decided to replace it with something much worse."
All those Kentuckians ran to the ACA who never had health ins,more of them are satisfied than against,these old guys need to retire
How did FN manage to post this with their mouth sucking the administration and tickling its balls?
Mitch was one of the first Obama told-Did @SenateMajLdr threatened @POTUS44 w/ a suit banning 44 from using powers of office to fix election
is gone for good of American people
this pack of rats call the leaders of the Democratic party, actually is the socialist Marxist PARTY HAVE NO SHAME
If Pres Trump had fired the day he took office the ridiculous Dms would still be crying foul
But Trump didn't do that. He waited until Comey got too close for comfort on the Trump Russia investigation. Very suspicious. Don't be blind
Too many still think it's good and don't care who it's hurting.
"Failed Law" - seems to be a constant pattern for policy engaged by the Democrats.
The only shame is that America fell for this POS garbage called Obamacare in the first place!
What continues to hurt Americans are its corrupt & greedy politicians who lie to constituents every single day. Especially @SenateMajLdr
I agree, get rid of Schumer and Pelisi
Well.. then do something about old man
FOX NEWS=SPUTNIK=STATE RUN PROPAGANDA TV
Sputnik is space. Pravda is Propaganda!
Sputnik is a state-owned news website. Look it up.
I'm old! Sputnik will always be space! 
I hear ya. The first time I heard it, I thought they had intended to attach a tv station on the international space station or something 
If #Obamacare is so terrible why worsen the bill rather than better it? Because u dont care about ur citizens, n want those who cant to die
Bullshit!!
Slow news day, old man?
But we republiscumbags have a plan that will go further @SenMajLdr @POTUS
It keeps getting worse because you undermine its effectiveness and have not come up with a decent plan to replace it!
It was passed by a D pres with complete Details control in Congress but the GOP screwed it up? Do h guys listen to urselves
I LOVE @SenateMajLdr  NO MATTER WHAT IS HAPPENING IN DC HE WILL JUST REVERT BACK TO BASHING OBAMACARE TO AVOID ANYTHING OF INTEREST
Obamacare was and still is a disaster with millions of useless plans that ppl can't use because of high deductibles!
If the AHCA passes the Senate, you can expect much worse. Read the act.
I don't even care anymore because I'll go to Mexico for care if that's what it takes
I'm with you on that one. Something needs to be done.
The entire system is a mess and it's getting worse.
ACA ISNT DYING! 
AETNA PULLED OUT AFTER OBAMA ADMIN REFUSED TO ALLOW THEM A MONOPOLY.
THIS IS A SCAM!
IPAB board, more to come
um... it's Trumpcare that will cost Millions their healthcare.... so thats not really true...
Yes it is. Failure Obama Care
This isn't what we want to hear you talking about right now, you turkey-necked piece of shit.
Looking in the mirror are you?
He's choking on his own words. Cough..... Cough....
Only in States where GOP blocked Medicaid expansion. McConnell is possibly most corrupt politician ever, which is saying something right now
I agree
- screw your too
Thats a lie
Amen
Amen
So much water Mitch ...
talk about the firing. you know what we want to see
Hurt???
Shame
