Outstanding for who- Repeat that Please Ms, Warren he is talking about us
Jeff Sessions' record shows he is unfit to represent ALL Americans

so is it true that #BetsyDeVos bought your vote? She gave $36,400 ???? Corruption
along with 100k to Rubio !!

you are an embarrassment to the office you hold, that letter will be read in its entirety over and over again
Like #POTUS, you should be ASHAMED of yourself! Just how #racist are you? #Pathetic #Senate
I'd love to see a picture of his office. He's probably still flying the confederate flag.
your state Is the leader in drug use in the USA. Congratulations.
you've dug your political grave deeper.

despicable treasonous tobacco turtle. We will inveigh u at every outlet, u can't handle. Resist or resign.
The "Outstanding Member of the U.S. Senate" is the ultimate obstructionist and afraid Ms. King's letter. Shame. #LetLizSpeak
When is the Confederate flag going up in your office? Jeff's will be going up as soon as confirmed!
Nevertheless, she persisted.
It's time to OVERTHROW this oligarchy.
Pardon my language, but IT'S TIME FOR A FUCKING REVOLUTION!!! Do you REALLY think we're going to stand idle?

Just going to leave this right here.   

outstanding hippocryte and purveyor of double standards? Vile, Repugnant Sell-Out #morallybankrupt


The people of KKKentucky cannot be proud of your silencing a women & your support of racist Sessions 
you're scum Warren has every right to speak.  She is looking out for the nation not just herself.
your actions are reprehensible. To censure Sen Warren because she spoke out? You are no better than Bannon.
He loved telling a black man https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kP1G45maN4A …
didn't his family run drugs?
-- Gag me. Extreme Partisan opposition to Obama was McConnell's trademark for 8 yrs. Reap what you sowed.
Not surprising seeing how you award taxpayer money to the Narcotics industry @Amgen
Shameful••••
you should be ashamed
they must have been using drugs the confiscated
yes+ 2 Rus banks had FISA warrants out by FBI connected to Trump+this moron felt no need2ivestigate..COVER UP!
same day Sanctions lifted on Rus spy agency Chuck Grassley had breakfast w/ Putin's rt hand finance guy..?!
B*tch knew@ Trumps Golden showers+Trump Towers server having connection2 Rus Alfa bank+Page2get 19% Rosneft sanctions lifted
yes Mitch the b*tch new all of Trump Rus ties like Mike Flynn getting $75k 4a speech at Putin propaganda site
Tom Price took out $40,000 in petty cash from his campaign..via @funder
HOW DARE YOU SILENCE THE VOICE OF MRS. KING! What was your reason? The color of her skin??

including Aamgen,Aetna +Pheizner
WHAT have you done to curtail the drug problem?  I doubt it is anything.
2021 can not come soon enough! I'm sure you  shut down Sen Warren guess you've been emboldened too! Pathetic!
Next time he should be piss tested.
as U.S. attorney, Sessions advanced “politically-motivated voting fraud prosecutions”

Sessions “lacks the temperament, fairness and judgment to be a federal judge.”
Your actions were despicable
Just because you tell Sen Warren to shut-up doesn't prevent us from hearing her
Mitch McConnel is a ho+Traitor 2country..he knew @ Russians hacking election and didn't start investigation


I heard you got scared today and told a lady to stop talking. Life is tough sometimes, feel better soon.


heard you didn't want this letter written by Coretta Scott King read in the Senate by @SenWarren ..feeble f*ck
The letter McConnell didn't want read on the floor. 1/2
2/2 last three pages.
Silencing senators who criticize the record of Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III? Unacceptable.
. They did what? Unbelievable
Should be standing out in the hall. He has brought hate and fear to new heights. Shame
well that makes them a bunch of Kentucky Whiskey drinking idiots.
did they realize it was you?
methinks the KNOA is high on captured contraband. Worst senator ever.
