Now take the advice of McCain, a great patriot & hero, in & out of uniform, and work in a bipartisan way to build on the start the ACA gave.
The master tactician and legislator is a fraud. Couldn't get #TrumpCare passed with majority. Sad.
The skinny repeal needs another round next week Senator. You don't need to be playing footsies with the dems. REPEAL! REPEAL! REPEAL!
2018 RHINOS ARE GOING YOU HAD YEARS IN HEALTH CARE
Time to waddle your turkey neck back to the farm...
Take lessons from John Mccain on how to be a descent human being. Voting for what is right over party earns respect from real Americans!
understand you're ready to "move on." so are we. it's time for you to go, #LYING #GOPSCUM.
nuke leg. the dems will. nuke and repeal clean. repeal. repeal repeal
2/2 recipients. Stop propping up rich ins. cos. Keep enrollment  mandate. Make all enroll & make all pay something. Ins will be used leaner.
Sounds like it's time for the Republican party to act like grownups. ACA needs adjustments, but the bones are there. Dems acknowledge that.
A real leader would reach across the aisle and work with Dems to improve what we already have. All entitlement programs evolve over time.
ACA needs to evolve. Republicans insistence that it be repealed is the problem. You simply hate anything Obama did while president.
Your hatred of Obama is the problem. It has backed you into this corner. You cemented it with your own rhetoric.
Now you have to admit your approach to healthcare has been misguided in order to move on. Americans deserve representatives who collaborate.
Cooperating with the other side is the only way to move foward... and it is your job. It will take time.
Pressure from the president to move quickly undermines your efforts. Unfortunately it may also be your job to explain government to him.
So take your time and work on a bipartisan basis to reach a workable solution that preserves access to healthcare for all.
You need to resign!  You are an embarrassment to America!  
BETRAYAL.... McCain caught RED HANDED. FOX just reported John MCCAIN told Schumer he was going to VOTE NO on ObamaCare repeal. 
1/2 We want no gov. hand outs. We want affordable quality ins. If seniors must pay for medicare health ins. so should medicaid health ins.
Stop insulting us by saying Dems won't work with Reps. You wouldn't let them.  How's your wife liking that cushy job from your Pres?
You have now become the party that is moving the deck chairs on the Titanic, I voted for you all, But your inability to pass anything,
You need to GO! Years of wasting time trying to push something nobody wants. Kentucky get with it and elect someone for the people.
83% of the people who GAVE you your job don't want this!?  Perhaps you could start representing them instead of your own ideology.
Must've been nice for you all to use McCain as a fall guy since he won't be running for reelection,for legislation you didn't want to pass
SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU FAIL! YOU ARE THE BIGGEST TREAT TO WE THE PEOPLE! Poor KY they need to VOTE YOU OUT so they can grow and prosper.
Mcconnell needs to remove all senators who betrayed us from all committees and leadership positions NOW! PUNISH THEM.

Get your house in order!
This failure confirms you are not the leader needed to get important legislation done. Step down !!!!
Will be your demise in the next elections.I am totally depressed and disgusted I will not be voting in any new elections why bother
You've been called out by @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski. Put your bill up for vote in daylight & stop acting like a weasel
McCain is right. Writing a piece of legislation at noon and trying to ram it through 12 hours later is wrong!
Damn cowards !!!
Ha, ha foolish old man!
3 Rs showed they had courage, morality, compassion & voted for their constituents. The rest, under your leadership, were immoral politicians
Nice try.
McCain's failure shows you CANNOT lead your majority
It's time u stopped lying about ur good intentions 2 help regular Americans. GOP healthcare plan=tax cut 4 rich. Jig's up; fix & fund ACA.
How dare you show disappointment for the American people with that piece of crap policy!  Shame on you and those who have no courage!
Great job repealing & replacing ACA. Oh, you didn't! You had NOTHING. 8 yrs of BS! BEST obstructer in US Senate history, WORST legislator !
Very possible that you just single handedly gave up the legislature in 2018, well done....
Definition of insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
Please work across the aisle to improve the ACA. You stole a Supreme Court Justice to divide the country. Now you could do the just thing.
Can't believe that you bellyached and whined tonite about NOT being able to take away health care from tens of MILLIONS of people!
I sincerely hope that you find a conscience before you kick the bucket however I have little faith that will happen after your speech tonite
You tried. Too many lobbyists lining the pockets of too many in the Senate. Their excuses are lame the agenda is obvious.
You tried to kill thousands for a tax cut and failed like a little binch baby and cried about it
You have much to answer for!!!!…Karma get him father God 
Aw, poor turtle man, your bill didn't make it through.  Keep Losing to Make America Great Again. #TheResistence #Resist #NotMyPresident
I'm am done with established Republicans!!! McCain is a total failure, shameful what he did!
your just old man...its a different time now
So let's keep score. You said #ocare is dead & Obama would be a one term president. Hows that working out?
Get yourself a leader #1
Now maybe we can turn to regular order!  John McCain may be the Lion of the Senate. profiles in courage. Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowsi.
This is on your body, McCain. Shameful
ACA (aka known as the political hot potato) is all yours..now, Own it.
Delete your account.
Freedom Act? The freedom we had before ACA lead to the early loss of my brother and father from treatable illness. #SinglePayerNow
Now the Republicans will begin their campaign of lies just like you trying to push that shit of skinny bill as being better then Obamacare.
If you don't want socialized medicine, hypocrite..give up your Medicare and Govt funded health care. Republicans are hypocrites.
McConnell & Trump wanted political points. They couldn't care less about decent healthcare for Americans. #karma
Good night homey

SELFISH!
America doesn't want Mitch's substandard healthcare bill...Read our lips...NO!  Yes rather healthcare like Europe vs trash that you offer!

You go on to lose another day you snake, err turtle in the grass. Don't blame the Democrats loser, you control all branches of Government.
Crooked Mitch!
Marco Rubio Quietly Undermines Affordable Care Act
#STFU
Stop crying.
You asked what your colleagues on the "other side" can do to to bolster ACA? Restore the Risk Corridor pymts Rubio's poison pill destroyed.
The American people want universal care to end greedy insurance companies from profiting off our illnesses!
You are such a liar!
You deserve every one of the NO vote! You didn't work bipartisan and LAZY @POTUS did NOTHING to help you!
No we are not satisfied.  We are relieved. now do what McCain suggested and work with the Dems. You are a liar can't wait until but gone!
So happy repeal failed tonight.  Time for bipartisan leadership to come together for the American people.
Excuse me, your RACISM IS SHOWING!  #hateobama #youhateobamacare #ignoredobamascandidate #merrickgarland #toorichtocare #repealmitch
You lost. Get over it

Mitch you don't care about the American people. Can't wait till you are voted out. You sold your soul.
Stop talking. You are only blowing smoke. You and your buddies kept everything hidden. Stop whining. Go lick your wounds. You are finished
You lose and Americans get to keep there healthcare. Quit trying to decimate ACA.
Get well and truly fucked, sir. Way to fail.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/07/27/us/people-who-gained-insurance-by-state.html … @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson @VP @realDonaldTrump @GOP #SkinnyRepeal #healthcare #ACA
Find yourselves on THIS MAP!

Health care FREEDOM act? Are you out of your mind? Christians do what is best for their fellow men & women. Not for their own gain! SHAME!
#SneakyRepeal will leave 16M more uninsured, and increase premiums for millions more.  Shame shame shame on you.
It sucks! U know it! Ryan can't be trusted! U know it! U exempted urself from this dumpster fire! YOU SUCK! 20% PREMIUM INCREASE PER YEAR!
GOD HAS THREE WORDS FOR YOU-G.T.H
Why should we pay your salary you is useless is pair of breasts on the bull, thank god you not my senator, You are crook
You are criminal, you deserve 2be in jail, 4years you lied 2your constituates, lied, wait when they get hold of you,you better leave country
Hate the cliche, but... Bye, Felicia.
https://twitter.com/danpfeiffer/status/890784834313900032 … @VP @SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue @realDonaldTrump  #VoteThemOut  #2018 #2020
This disastrous bill is what happens when the only principle that unites your party is hatred of the country's first Black President https://twitter.com/ezraklein/status/890755019074658309 …
Why on earth does the GOP want to pass a bill that ALL experts and 80% of the American people consider a disaster? What's in it for you?
Sounds good, but most of what you say about GOPCARE is not true according to experts in insurance, medicine, accounting, & public health.
KY does not stand with you sir. People first, not profits. #SkinnyRepeal
https://twitter.com/jpodhoretz/status/890758037669072897 …. Because you hate Pres Obama more than you care about welfare of citizens of this country
I have never seen such unanimity in the horror everyone on all sides is expressing toward the Senate process on this health care bill.
#2018 and #2020.  We won't forget.
No matter how many times you change the name its still a deathbill written by Rs. You & ur party will be remembered  for killing millions
Judging by this bullshit bill you are trying pass, it's clear you don't give a fuck a the American people... unless the are rich #Trumpcare

7 years, 2683 days....so very sad
What about this act?

https://www.senateconservatives.com/post/3585 
And to think just a few yrs ago, you stood on the Senate floor condemning Obamacare bill for being too secretive and rushed. Hypocrites!!
New name, same 'ol bullshit.  

You're an embarrassment at best, and, more realistically, a national threat. 

 #shutupandresign
You had 7 years... And this is what you have?
You don't give one damn about your constituents do you?  This bill has nothing good in it.  You want to eliminate the Public Health Fund.
If it'ss a good bill, you wouldn't do it in the dead of the night. You would give it a few days for committee, etc. so you can bask in glory
Good to know my Senator from Kentucky is usurping the legislative process because he's been mad at Obama for 8 years.
Nevermind insured has tanked in our state Senator.  Fix ACA, don't screw Americans that didn't have the money to donate to you.
Let's get this done!
Americans cannot wait to vote you out for kicking them off Medicaid Medicare and other insurances!!!!!!!
You really going to screw your constituents and the rest of the nation with this?
#KillTheBill 
#GOPLIES
If they pass it, are they going to have the same health care?  We don't want to pay for theirs either. The people's money.  Traitors
The answer to your question is No , Congress is exempt to losing HC & 20% premium increases PER YEAR! (Poss start on Sun- u know Lord's day)
"If the people who wrote this bill were proud of it, they wouldn’t be forcing this vote in the dead of night." said by... YOU.
You ruined the Senate forever with how this came about.  I hope you get to experience first hand what undermining Senate institutions means.
When did the GOP declare war on the American people? This bill is VERY UNPOPULAR. Middle of the night vote!!! Disgraceful!
I hope he chokes on  Putin's dick
Nope Congress is exempt from this bill.
We have suffered too long to allow you to screw us even more... You are a coward and a turtle #healthcare #SinglePayer
No!  Stop playing political games with people's lives! #ProtectOurCare #HealthcareBill

