Unlike you...
Yes Jim was a Star across both sides of the Ohio River
He was a way better man than you Mitch, you couldn't even tie his shoelaces, he was. Mans man your just a worm Mitch
As opposed to you, who have shirked your constitutional duty re: #SCOTUS. Your vile presence on the Senate floor is an affront to our nation
Was he getting money from Putin too.
Yea right he was senile n ur political pawn who never did anything for KY.
You mean fucking it up.
No disrespect, but he was a better ball player than a Senator.
Kentucky is strikingly void of such character now.
Seems @GOP is full of people who don't have experience. Bunning was a baseball player and knew nothing of govt. Was arrogant and racist!
YOUR DEDICATED TO YOURSELF AND FELLOW REPS. THAT IS ALL. GREEDY. LINE YOUR POCKETS AT THE COST OF PEOPLE'S LIVES.
Man of principle.  Hmmm. So you mean, nothing like you...
You unfortunately have destroyed the party with your shameful partisan antics.
Where is Obamacare repeal and replace, tax cuts, the border wall or anything else? Seems to me you Republicans LIE through your teeth!
Nice words for a good man whom had significant, genuine concerns for his constituents unlike you whom is only interested in your handlers
How on earth did you know him then?
Too bad you won't follow his lead
VOTE ON HEALTH CARE PLEASE
Principles and seeing things through start to finish are NOT your strong suit. You set these jokes up yourself. #RESIGNTURTLE
Coming from someone with no principles I'm sure that means zip to anyone with a living brain cell.  RIP Jim.  Retire POS Mitch.
Merrick Garland
HEY!! Get the POTUS's nominations CONFIRMED!! Stop slow rolling this, working with Dems! Worthless.
As usual speaking to empty chamber.  You are worthless to US workers and taxpayers.
You people are only dedicated to serving yourselves. You promise voters the moon and then you don't deliver. And you do it over and over
May you should follow in his footsteps.
Too bad your not a man of principle. You are only dedicated to lining your pockets with Russian money
At least there was one man of principle from KT #hypocrisy #greed #immoral #asshole
Too bad you couldn't be more like him
do your job coward and support your our President.
You're polar opposite; Everyday is one day closer to never hearing from you again.  #DitchMitch
He went on vacation the day ACA was voted in.  I mean I'm grateful but seems he dropped the ball on the job no? Good your on the take.
Kentucky fought 4 slavery & you're deeply grieved the U.S moved forward in electing Obama now U R trying to reverse everything he did. Sad
Unlike you
consider him a role model, sir. Stand up to White House nonsense.
If you think he's a man of principle, he must be a crook like you.
Too bad you don't fit that mold, Mitch! Retire now old man!!!!!!!!
U r a hypocrite and a liar
You should try that sometime, instead of working against Americans and for your own personal greed
You mean he didn't take 1.9 million from Koch Bros to keep denying Global Warming?
Yes he was and stood for America First not party first
Why couldn't you of learned from him. Do you know what integrity means let alone what's best for our country. Just GOP and the money
Impressive condolences.
Yes, but you aren't
Too bad we can't say the same of you as you seek what's only best for you and what you perceive to be ur political future as obstruct Trump
Do you know what "principle" is, and would you recognize it if it slapped you?
He was a darn good pitcher too
Unlike you.
Unlike you, Mitch, who sold out your country in favor of partisan politics, the corporate elite, and a right wing agenda to benefit the 1%.
Sounds like to me . You Mitch should take a page from his playbook. Do something good for the people of Ky. Not your pockets. #voteNoonTrump
Too bad nobody will be able to say the same for you someday.
You're an evil man McConnell; you'll lose your majority in house soon, which means you will no longer be Speaker, perhaps as early as 2018.
You, on the other hand, are not. People will not speak well of you when you pass. Congratulations on that.
What the heck do you know about principles?  It's apparent you are staying true to your money hungry self though.  So there's that.
You really have no pride at all. Jim Bunning was a man of principle? He might have stayed true to himself but horrible principles.
The time for speeches is over "No Nuts" get busy doing the people's work, not YOURS!
This ugly-looking crap is still addressing the Senate when the whole world laughs at America?Enemy of DEMOCRACY NO.1
A leader with no conscience,

looks lost in thought with no sense,…
So he did all the things you've never done for your constituents, unless they had something you wanted!
Unlike you and your Russian paycheck. #Kentucky #FireMcConnoll
Sen McConnell, REPEAL OBAMACARE!!! You PROMISED US!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get to work for the American People
U have no idea what principle IS & if he has Ur approval we no he's NOT principled. #morallybankrupt #ElectionPurge2018
Men of integrity are hard to come by these days. Especially in the Republican Russian Party.
Too bad you aren't more like him!!!
UNLIKE YOU - a liar and COWARD
But, so when are the mines gonna reopen?
.@SenateMajLdr How would you KNOW what such a person even looks like? They're an alien species to you. #Trumprussia #CAREERSUICIDE
Shut your face.  He was your lacky, did what you told him.  Forever tainted by treasonous McConnell.  You should apologize to his family.
How much money have the Russians given you, man of principle?
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Too bad the same can't be said about you.
At one time rhe GOP had men of principle who dedicated themselves to serving others. Now we have people like you who serve only themselves.
Unlike you, a man of no principle from start to finish who's dedicated himself to himself.
"SNOWFLAKES" say anything, but change nothing

"SNOWFLAKES" say anything, but change nothing

"SNOWFLAKES" say anything, but change nothing
Great Words for a Great Man Senator McConnell. Know let's get that Health and Tax Reforms completed and to President Trump Desk for Signing!
@mf36 Do you have a brain??? Apparently not
So he actually served his country and state not just his party. Nice going turtle.
A man of principle. Probably the type of guy that valued Country over party.
So, completely opposite of you and every other Republican?   You wouldn't know principles if they bit you on the ass.   #TraitorMitch
He was a man that made my Dad proud to be a Republican. If my Dad was still around, he wouldn't believe how you destroyed the party.
you are so craven. You had no credibility with serious people.
Soooooo nothing like Mitch.
Something you would know nothing about, principals.#traitor
To bad you didn't do the same Mitch
Mitch, you are going down with #Trumptanic
Right your ship mate, as #ComeyDay is coming and your Ship Of Fools is gonna SINK! #CrookedGOP
Good thing @senatemajldr mcconnell is part turtle, he will enjoy the sea!!
Oh, so unlike you then?
Unlike you.
You're a traitor
If you are praising him I would have to research before belief. #McConnellmustgo
What do you know about principles? Absolutely Nothing
Nobody will say that about you, McConnell. Your legacy? Twisted, corrupt, vile, polluter of America.  Committed Treason.
How have you become a multi millionaire on a senator's salary. Handouts from lobbyist perhaps?!?!
Words that will never be said of you, either re: Kentucky or America, Turtle-Boy.
You suck

Unlike you only serve the 1%.
Yes he was to bad you didn't learn anything from him turtle
And you sir are no Jim Bunning.
now if only you were
Unlike you who carries out your own agenda.
To Bad you are not a Man of Principle. #followthemoney #trumpleaks
Whereas you would sell your grandmother for a dollar if it served a political goal.
#GOPLIES
apparently U have no principles!
