SO WHEN WILL Y'ALL HOLD #Hillary #Obama #Lynch #Holder etc etc etc ACCOUNTABLE?  #WAITING  TIME TO STEP UP! 
OMG Hillary has been going on 25 years she hasn't been convicted of anything Let It Go! Let's worry about the current Criminal in Chief
She hasn't been convicted because they're all complicit! Her ass needs to be in gitmo. Trump hasn't done anything criminal.
Lol.
shouldn't y'all be trying to kill poor people
No that's what Obamacare was for!
Well I would hope so. The only thing you guys have done right this year.
You have hundreds of bills and this is what gets done. Pathetic!! 3rd Party!!
The VA doesn't work. veterans can't see a doctor. But you want SPH ???  SMH 
#PutinsPuppet is gonna be upset. Trumpertantrum Warning! 
@POTUS Caught on tape! You know about hoping there are tapes, eh Comey?
What did you do with all those Rubles Russia gave you? #TrumpRussia #RussiaInvestigation #ImpeachTrump
You FINALLY did something I can agree with
Good!
See what happens when everyone works together? Do you see? Do you even have a clue? I highly doubt it. This is the way it should be. #resign
Congrats! First good thing #GOP has done this year.
#liar #traitorBitchMcconnell
That's great put sanctions on Russia with NO proof to support this action. Sick fucks
Why is it not sign then?????????? DT is playing a game again. He not signing??????
Well good for you. Passed a useless bill then went on vacation & took your Obamacare exempt healthcare with you.
Holding Russia accountable?We know you are no good at that since you are part of #TrumpRussiaCoverUp. #InvestigateMcConnell
So what are you going to do when he doesn't sign it? He is not going to risk Putin outing him...
You NEED to Change the filibuster and make it a simple Majority, if NOT then you NEED TO STEP DOWN!! WE WANT YOU OUT!!!
Dont be proud to take power from our potus. Vote u out
Americans are ready to sanction McConnell for failing to repeal Obamacare.
Good
Some of the Russia ones were for things they did not even do yet! The dems hacked themselves not the Russians! MAGA!

You people can pass Russia sanctions that limit the President's power, but you can't pass Repeal & Replace? Sanctions won't pay premiums.
Finally something you should be proud of....
Nobody cares about that bullshit!! Get presidents agenda done or get out of office!!!!!!!!! get rid of McCain!!!!!
As well y'all should -

NOW FIX THE ACA, DONT REPEAL
Yeah..loll hahahahah. You better hope that all of this pressure will FORCE Trump to sign off on it!
now we'll see if TRAITOR @realDonaldTrump signs it
And tied exec branch hands
I think YOU are far more evil then Trump to do all you did to undermind Obama!
You are the disappoinment !
Go on tv and explain why YOU get health care and deny Americans theirs???
Your a great American, my friend
You're willing to tie POTUS' hands in dealing w foreign powers & you don't give a rat's a.s about the US citizens. GONE in the Primaries!
Already wrote asking for Trump to veto. People who can't do health insurance are not fit to demand foreign policy stances
we will see what the little man in the white house does- we know he did not like these sanctions - but Putty is his Bud -VERY SAD LITTLE MAN
So why hasn't Trump signed this bill yet?  What is the hold-up?  Is his pen out of ink??
Men & women of principle do not vote YES for ANYTHING that was crafted behind closed doors & hurts MILLIONS of most vulnerable. SHAME ON YOU
Why don't you work on replacement? You had 7 years to work with Dems. or craft a replacement. Work on Trump to focus on N. Korea, etc.

WOW, no wonder they call you a master senate strategist
Get ready for the next round of lies leading to war
Take care of AMERICA first! FIX HEALTHCARE!   NOW!  TODAY! SOONER IF POSSIBLE!    DO YOUR JOBS!  or we'll send you home
Go back to Kentucky you failed old party chrony
But will your dictator sign it?
Big deal. Health Care is the issue !!!
At least you did something good. Can you now please just leave our Healthcare alone?
If Trump decides to protect Russia &Special Interests, over the USA, I pray you will override his Veto. No more cancer of the Soul in GOP.
We are Tired of All Republican Excuses! It's time to clean out All the Swamp RATS! REPEAL, look it up, Find out What the Word MEANS!!!
Good
Abt time you did something legitimate and good for our country!  Look turtle head, you really need to retire. We need new leadership
Now hold Trump accountable. Not presidential attacking AG every day! No one is off limits to Trump.
Too bad you won't hold corrupt members of Congress accountable. You leeches in DC are truly the swamp.
How come the word bipartisan was left out of this tweet? Isn't that what we're aiming for here?

Sanctions on Russia does nothing!
Now it's time for you to do your part. Toss our illegitimate potus from office, and his fake bible-thumping side-stooge Pence too.
What about Saudi Arabia? Love how you only do this to countries that Trump doesn't have business dealings with
Amazing how this happens without all the jockeying with house rules. What a joke.
#WhoCares
LOL. Posturing, not getting anything done for the American people. Breaking promises. Weak. Say hello to minority status next year.
So what!!!! Pass something that impacts my life!!! NOW!!!!!!
We agree!
It's not the Russians bankrupting the middle class, it is Obamacare!
About time you guys did something right. A broken watch is correct twice a day
What you accomplished with these sanctions was a great.  Continue to hold these countries strongly responsible for their attacks on US.
Your Pres. Will have a lot of explaining to do to Putin! Yikes!!
Good for you!  I'll believe it when Trump signs it and doesn't sabotage it.
It's obvious you take pride in being a pos.
Sweet, but don’t change the subject about your failed attempt to #repealandreplace. Guess governing is harder then obstructing?
Very good, thank you.
Hard to believe.

Criminals invented law to steal murder enslave humanity to finance debt.
when you going to find your balls and hold trump accountable for his actions GOD SAVE AMERICA because you wont
Now make a descent healthcare bill.
2018 will be a referendum on the harm that the Republican Party needlessly inflicted on millions of people by sabotaging their health care.
You've pissed off Daddy Dictator Trump by harming his best bud Putin & the Russian empire. You're going to time out for that one
RUSSIAN Stooge
dont like it. where were you @SenateGOP curbing obama / kerry from flying plane loads of cash and signing treaties with iran?
Yeah, But Nada on Healthcare you Baffoon
I rarely agree with you, but this was well done. More of this kind of bipartisan leadership in protecting our national security, please.
Hold the goddamned president accountable for his actions
That all you need to pass, low life's! #NoRepeal
Terrible that you would take Trump's right to negotiate sanctions with countries! Voters will remember! Pathetic McConnell
and he will veto it!

You could be twins. Oh, you're a mean one, that's for sure!
Has anyone ever told you that you look like The Grinch? And act like him? Like taking healthcare from millions &insurance costs rising. Mean
You can't get heathcare or anything else done  but you can try to take power from the President ? #MostCoruptCongressEver
How about holding Obama, Clinton, Holder, Rice, Lynch, Comey,  etc. accountable for their actions as well....
They're all in cahoots. Bigger question. Why did Senate allow Obama Administration to grow ISIS, empower Russia and N Korea and fund Iran?
Repeal and replace Obamacare!!!! Do what you promised us you would do! 
#PeacewithRussia
What actions?
China does regular industrial & gov't espionage against us; flouts int'l law & hacks our systems. Yet Congress is busy w/Russia? #MAGA
Okay, now please keep Republicans' campaign promises and repeal ACA so we can cut the deficit by 1.4 Trillion!

The GOP counter narrative to discredit the FBI and the Trump Russia investigation is taking shape. 
Mitch, China downed our plane over Hainan in 2001 & illegally is building islands in S. China Sea. Any sanctions for China? Support @POTUS
I am sure they are scared shitless..
Mitch, China hacked OPM and stole your security file, mine & millions more. Any sanctions to hold China accountable? Support @POTUS #MAGA
Oh wow, sanctions! They are trembling in their boots.
As Kentucky voter, I will vote against you. You passed a Russia bill, instead of repeal O-care. Sen Paul has my vote. You never will again.
Thanks for supporting the sanctions...however, you still have a lot to atone for.
But....where does that leave #45???? HOW WILL HE EVER PAY THEM BACK?!!!
GOP has voted more times to repeal ACA than all the alleged counts of voter fraud
May karma find you if you pass this "skinny" bill tomorrow
The skinny bill is a sickening scam to provide cover for senate. Ryan will pass it no matter how much damage he does and Senate knows it
oh yeah thats so much more important than repealingb aca..
Congratulations. You might have just started world war 3 #jackass
ok you did something right
When r u going to hold trump, trump jr, she-trump etc for their treasonist actions with russia?

Don't hurt your arm patting yourself on the back; You might need medical care and I'm not paying for that injury
Thank you. I hope if he decides to fire JS that you all decide it's enough and put an end to this madness.
#FullRepeal know one is listening b/c you'all never tell the truth just words while we drown under oppression of Obamacare ! #freedom @POTUS
Now if you'll only pass sanctions against @realDonaldTrump, yourself, @GOP for your roles in #BCA, election tampering, discrimination...
Thanks Obama!
Leader?The only thing you should be leading is the team cleaning up the horse shit at the Kentucky Derby when they send your sorry ass home!
You think the commie sympathizer .@realDonaldTrump will sign it?
But @POTUS has not sign it
Sanction yourself then leader. You need to be held accountable for YOUR actions!
Now if you treated healthcare with a level head as this. Instead we get a senate circus show
When are you going to hold the worst president in US history's actions accountable????
Good the Senate did the right thing.  Wisdom prevails.
But u couldn't do what u promised for health care. I wouldn't be too smug just yet. What about taxes, the wall?
.@SenateMajLdr You finally got something acomplished. Oh wait, Trump has not signed this yet. He must be mad, Putin may break up with him
You failed America stop now your doing zero to help your self. Resign now
The Senate, better overwhelmingly, pull their heads out of their @SS, FAST. #MAGA
That the president will veto or ignore because he's in putins butt-hole..
Now hold the president responsible. Oh I forgot you don't have the guts to do that. You only have the guts to take our healthcare
You are a sickening excuse of a man.
Hope they read it. 
Hope they didn't write language to cut @potus constitutional authority to deal with other nations.
#saveACA
Why? Your bosses (the special interests) told you to? You have no soul left. I don't know how you can look in a mirror.

And healthcare?
Fix ACA and move on, don't have to invent the wheel. You guys are like kids work with Democrats and fix the ACA that is so important to ppl
Diaper Don gonna mad 
do your job and whip the vote on the Republicans who voted against repeal of ACA????  You like pay to play alot huh?!?!?!?!@realDonaldTrump
Good!  Now why can't the GOP do the same and STAND TOGETHER on getting rid of ACA!!??? I am done with the GOP
Stop this madness. You are pushing a "skinny bill" which everyone agrees is a total fraud. #NoTrumpCare
PS - oh, the bill is still due, so get a job sweety....
well done!..please dont fund THE WALL...
And your fearless leader will veto it!
When is the American public going to pass sanctions holding you accountable for your actions? #SaveACA
After 6 months of @gop denial. You are a traitor. Your part in this will be revealed lol.
Excellent.  Amazing what you can accomplish when you work across the aisle! 
About damn time!!!
THANK YOU!!!! NOW TELL "YOUR" POTUS THAT THEY'RE ALL OUR ENEMIES!!!!
Now pass  Healthcare  tax reform and Term limits.
The ONLY good thing yu have done in recent HISTORY.....but wait....is there a catch some where? Thats how much i trust yu.
FINALLY
You stabbed @POTUS in the back. He needed free hand w/Russia and you robbed him of power while you gave Obama all power. You are a Turd.
Yep, you pass the screw Trump agenda and nothing that the people want?  Its pretty obvious whats going on here.
Sanctions kill
Why don't u pass some sanctions on those no good democratic congress and Senate? Taking money without doing their jobs. Also those repubs.
Comrade tRump isn't going to be happy. Has to smart knowing provision written to not allow him to veto. What's that tell you! Collusion!
Now, THAT'S being patriotic! Now, how about being compassionate? Or maybe just practical, and work on health care you might like yourself?
Oh, wait, you DO like your health care - and your wife, too. And you are supposed to represent the people of KY; why don't you?
Great.  And what about Obamacare that you have promised for 7 years.
Thank you Democrats!
Now it's time to hold the senate & house GOP leadership accountable for afflicting a plague upon America & the WH. They knew & did nothing
Found your balls! OMG! Wonders never cease!
Now hold Clinton Lynch Comey et al reaponsible for their actions.
