I received your follow text , but why would you follow me when we have so little in common?
Who followed you?  Me?  Or Leader McConnel?
I think you know the answer to thatLOL I abhor  McConnell! Can’t be trustedAnyway Following You Now 
You do what you do you get what you get!
No... you're correct. They just don't bring them for a vote. I'm concerned that you may truly be this ignorant.
instead you just don't even give people hearings... You are a fool sir.
Bull$hit McConnell–u obviously have amnesia & don't recall the egregious use of filibusters by @GOP & Garland not given hearing for 293 days
So what do you call refusing to even give Garland a hearing?
Mitch needs to go now. The damage he has done to us is deep and unrepairable. Time for retirement home.
So in your book refusing Garland a vote wasn't a filibuster?
If the Dems can't take it, maybe they should think before dishing it out.  And the Dems made a poor decision by forcing nuclear.
Republicans did far worse than a filibuster! So, you do what you do you get what you get!
How so?
Of course not, you just used your majority to not even have a hearing for Obama's nominee. Do you think Americans are that stupid?
As a Leader of the GOP - You Owed it to the American Ppl to Compromise with Democrats instead of Treating them like they were "The Enemy" ?
Didnt you block a nomination hearing completely? I believe we have your quote about it laying around here somewhere...

Mitch McMconnell, one of the founding fathers of Hypocrites "R" Us
No they just refused to have a hearing at all
Your failure to give Garland a hearing was equivalent to a filibuster and was disrespectful to both President Obama & a respected jurist.
No, you just decided to deny Merrick Garland the courtesy of a hearing, thus evading the need to filibuster. A coward's filibuster.
GOOD POINT!  @Potus  @realDonaldTrump  @VP  @mike_pence  @SenateMajLdr  @SpeakerRyan
Because we really need another liberal legislating from the bench. No thanks! Liberals have done enough to ruin this country.
You're a pure born & bred Republican, no matter who it is, eh?
I am definitely not a republican or a stinking democrat. Solid independent.
Tweet was meant for the person whose name appeared 1st
No Mas Pantalones
No Senator has Told all his Members to say "No 2 Everything Obama Tried to Accomplish in His Term for 8 yrs either"??
Disgusting. Pick a new nominee.
We don't care.  We want Merrick Garland to have had the chance.
But refusing to give Merrick Garland a hearing for 10 months is completely non-partisan, huh? @SenateMajLdr we're not buying it. #DitchMitch
Your record player is broken.
No...you just refused to give Garland a vote...Hypocrite!
Merrick Garland.
Senate did job on Garland.  Advise & Consent.  They advised BHO they would NOT consent to Garland. Elections have consequences & D's lost!
No, Senate never got to vote. McConnell did something that had never been done before -- prevent advise and consent, altogether.
The Republican caucus, which controlled Senate, conferred, without decent.  They didn't need to vote.
The senate didn't get to vote on Garland. Period. A few republicans does not a senate make. Your attempt to mislead is weakly defended.
Oh, & you've just been nuked by Senate. Repeat after me:  "SCOTUS Justice Gorsuch"
Ah the classic school yard tactic of "I won so nana nana boo boo I'm right"
Just the facts, Howler - and straight from lips of POTUS 44 "elections have consequences".  .  Howl at the moon, not at the facts.
Semantics. You obstruct and when you begin to lose you change the rules. You are a dangerous child. #wearewstchingyou #voteyouout
No they just changed the rules to keep from losing like school children on a playground.
No you and the rest of gop just refused to meet or do anything with Obama's nomination share on you & the other SOB & your hatred
You've done worse, totally refusing to even meet with or hold hearings for Merrick Garland. I won't forget and will not let you.
Youre right you havent filibustered a SCOTUS nominee neither has any republican in history, your party does refuse to even meet nominees
You just refuse to vote instead. Same result. Quit pretending you are better and take your come-up-ins like a man.
Lots of bravado. I know your sponsors are happy. We'll see at the voting booth as your treachery will not be forgotten.
You truly are a very small man following a very small man. #gorsuch
you are a liar and a thief.
Nor go Nuclear! NOR Ever on Supreme Court Judge! You've made a farce of our Supreme Court! You went political and nuclear! We will remember!
no, instead the @SenateGOP refused to have the debate, refused to have hearings for Merrick Garland @SenateDems #Resist
That's because you prefer to steal them to feed ur racist base while you line your pockets!
Maybe you should have had a better candidate
@LionelMedia As usual Dems bring a knife to a gunfight. How's that repeal & replace working out? 

Senility setting in pops?
You're starting to sound like #AngrySpicer. Period!
GARLAND! The GOP can all go to hell...the corruption will catch up to you!
Are you f'ing high sir? I mean seriously, do you not understand that WE KNOW! WE KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE DONE! #McConnellLies
Your play is not to give the nominee a hearing. Jerk!
it's not about politics. Mitch, it's about an unremarkable dime a dozen Judge being forced on the nation if politics are involved it's yours
You can continue to be mean spirited, put party over country, try to take people's healthcare away -- but you will still look like a turtle.
EXCEPT for YOU REFUSING TO DO YOUR Constitutionally mandated JOB to hold a vote on President Obama's nominee!
You refused to even hear the #SCOTUS nominee because you didn't like Obama. Party over country for you.
Your state should recall you immediately and fire you.
You just didn't let the nominee to the floor for a vote at all. That's what you did when you stole this seat from President Obama. #SCOTUS
Garland didn't even come of for a vote. You're piece of work. How do you live with yourself?
Should have sent u a solid message NOT the right nominee
Why you keep going on like you didn't do an unprecedented action by any party ignoring SCOTUS nominee Garland entirely. Shame.
#MerrickGarland #IStandWithTheDems
Because Dem presidents don't appoint extremists like Alito, Thomas, Gorsuch, etc.
U stole the seat u stole the seat u stole the seat u stole the seat u stole the seat u stole the seat ....Shame on u 
All i see when I look at McConnell is Granny Clampett. Who can even take that shit seriously?
Oh really?
don't kid yourself. you politicized @scotus and delegitimized the court more than any single person in history by not giving #garland a vote
You don't have to filibuster when you refuse to have a hearing. Don't get me wrong - I support Gorsuch. It's you I have a problem with.
Keep telling yourself these lies. @GOP sandbagged Garlan. You, Mr Hypocrite, were one of the worst.
Yea. You just blocked @MerrickGarland_'s entire hearing instead.
You did. WRONG
How many Obama nominees to the lower courts did you start? Puhleaze. Get over yourself. The majority of Americans see you for what you are.
Ditch Mitch
Seriously? That is your explanation? The House of Lords is now House of Commons. Next Dem appt. you will be sulking. Learn to LEAD.
Just admit that you subverted the constitution and stole the seat.  You know that this SCOTUS will be around longer than the GOP.
You are a coward and the biggest hypocrite. No one wants to play your games, please take your ball and go home. You are a baby.
Screw you, McConnell.  We all know that you stole that seat.  Nobody buys your propaganda.
no you just stole this seat.. remember Merrick Garland who should of been in .. we will remember in 2018
.@SenateMajLdr You completely dissed legislative process when Pres. Obama nominated #MerrickGarland to #SCOTUS. Higher ground by #GOP?! Not.
Old crusty spiteful politicians hold life long grudges at the expense of The People.
No what you did to Garland was worst.
You just refused a vote completely. We haven't forgotten. You are the definitoon of partisan hack who only knows how to politicize not lead.
What a mean-spirited man you are. Did you think we would forget your move with Obama's nominee. If you don't retire, we will kick you out.
Honorable Mr. Leader, if I were the President  whicj I'm not, I would... I would  DEPORT those like them, mentally sick- to Australia
No, you just refuse to give them a hearing at all.
To call you a sniveling hypocritical hack would be an insult to sniveling hypocritical hacks. Oh, and Judge Garland says hello.
Refusing to even have a vote on Garland was worse than a filibuster. #Republicans are the only party to refuse a vote on a #SCOTUS nominee.
Completely blocking a vote seems far worse.
Wow. Your incredible lack of recall is remarkable. However, both dems and rep have ruined this chamber, you're just simply playing along.
This president will not be allowed to nominate a supreme court judge in his final year.   Now sit down.
No you guys just flat out refused to even entertain the notion of holding hearings. Filibustering would've been too close to doing your job.
I think Werner Klemperer said it best. #threefeethigher
Republicans just didn't even want to give Obama nominee a hearing or even meet with him.
YOUR party has control of the executive & legislative branches, & yet the votes weren't there for Gorsuch. YOU will live with YOUR decision.
How is this worse than not holding a hearing at all???

So now you'll never get the opportunity.
This LIE AFTER YOU AND YOUR ILK FILBUSTERED 79 straight Obama judges; you are by far the worst majority leader in history
What exactly was what you did to Judge Garland put him in a deep freeze? Not even a hearing because Obama was on his way out & so is Trump
But you have declined to vote on a nominee... just last year... your nose isn't clean.
No, you guys just don't give them a hearing at all.
you're right, you just wouldn't even entertain the process at all with Merrick Garland. God, you are revolting,
You stole the seat and have been ungracious and deceptive. I hope you read Shakespeare, Sen.
No, you just refused to hear a nomination. You are disgusting, and history will be unkind to you. But, you have made yourself rich.
Hush.
no just skip the hearing... no moral high ground here! #shameonyou #hypocrite
Here's something else that has never happened, refusing to consider Merrick Garland with a full year left in the Obama administration.
No need to fillibuster if you refuse to even have a hearing to discuss Merrick Garland.
You look like a turtle 
Retire your wife works for Trump you should be ok with that and your lobbyist millions bye bye Mitchy
You're a disgrace to this country. Party first. I pay your salary, yet you have done NOTHING for me during your time as Senator. REFUND
No, you just refused a nominee a hearing at all. Tick tock, tick tock... 2018 is coming!
No hearings on Garland!!  & now says, this was their only option??? Whatever!!
Republicans filibustered 79 against 44th and now says, this was their only option??? Whatever!!
2017 and 2018 elections are coming we will remember that you stole a Supreme Court seat from a black man named Barack Obama. We won't forget
I do not know if I have ever encountered such an out of touch person as you in my life. You will eventually pay for the consequences. GOP NO
They get their judges and we don't ? Not gonna happen they want activist not judges
Yeah, all you did was basically fail to even pretend to do your job when #MerrickGarland was on the table. Unofficial filibustering.
you have ruined our politics for a generation. Vote out the turtle

No, you just made it your goal to not even interview the SCOTUS nom that the sitting president proposed. You can't have it both ways
Sounds like a threat....Are you daring someone to break ranks? Wouldn't that be awesome!!! @GOP #dictator
Instead you and your collegues decided you didn't feel like doing your job for over 200 days and voting on a nominee. Way worse sir.
Maybe because Democrats tend to nominate with consensus in mind, not ideology.
Assholes are the of a LOT bad choices
You are despicable.  You know what you did, you know there was a better way.  History will not remember you kindly McConnell.
Have you no sense of decency, sir? At long last, have you left no sense of decency?
Delete your account.
Your argument loses - Merrick Garland is all one needs to say. You completely blocked a hearing. Case closed.
HAHAHA! Technicality Mr country lawwww yuuur!
You didn't even give Garland a hearing? How fair was that? Don't worry.. 2018 is a very good year and I hope you're on the ballot. 
YOU, sir, are the biggest hypocrite in US government today...and that is saying something in a Trump-era "swamp".  Party over country SAD!!
What comes around, goes around. Your old white male party is nearing its end. #SCOTUS #Gorsuch
@McConnellPress You're splitting hairs, hypocrite!  #garland
lol this coming from YOU of all people, who refused to do your job and vote on a nominee for the last year  #ditchmitch
No you just didn't vote at all
You're kidding with that statement, right? Don't need to filibuster something if it's never brought to vote. 
What was the Garland play?
You have poisoned the Senate with your obstruction.
Because the nominee was never given a vote.
guess what? You started this by blocking Garland. Now because you broke the rules, Americans are fighting back. #TheResistance
This is beyond contemptible. Unbelievable hypocrisy.
You're joking right?
Because no Dem ever scuttled a SCOTUS vote on a BS pretext, then later insisted on confirming an extreme nom from a prez under investigation
You’re the worst kind of liar.
You're embarrassment to our government and your the GOP. It's a sad day for our beautiful nation. Keep lining your pockets.
#NoNuclearOption
you literally refused to even put President Obama's pick up for a vote
#howdoyousleep kwng that y'r the architect that destroyed the UNITED State? dn't trust legislative & executive brnch. #savethejudicialbranch
No, you just refused to hold hearings or a vote at all. I look forward to seeing your party voted out of power.
Do you not remember last year with a judge named Garland? Nah? Didn't think so.
you need to stop politicizing everything and do your job correctly.
also you look like a melting candle made of millionaire jizz. People over the age of 60 should not be in charge
