Shame on you for silencing Elizabeth Warren.  You appall me.  Happy Black history month.
Please give me Liz Warren's sterling Civil Rights Record 'crickets' .. lol
The American people deserve better
The people deserved a decent SCOTUS replacement. Look what we got by waiting! An owned shame!
2/2: We deserve better. @BetsyDeVos has no business being our SecEd. Again. I'm a Republican. Not proud of that today.
you deserve a full chin but ironically you didnt receive one
does he deserve his cabinet more or less than the country deserved your attention to the obama supreme court nominee?
That is true, but do we the People deserve them as well?
Obstruction anyone?
#PresidentBannon, you mean?
But we the people deserve much better.   SHAME!  SHAME!  SHAME on you!

Just going to leave this right here.   
NO AMERICA DESERVES BETTER.
You shames less partisan hack! You deserve nothing
send him to Ikea they are better quality and cost a whole lot less
The American people deserve the truth about @SenatorSessions. You mirrored @POTUS bullying with this move. #LetLizSpeak
.@McConnellPress He has the fewest because he was so slow to pick them and get their background checks going. He ran it like a TV show.
; Can you explain why you didn't allow Senator Warren 2 read Mrs. King ltr but allowed Senator Merkley 2 read it who's a man?
and Obama deserved to have respect, you can't always get what you want- unless you take it without consent
Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland you hypocrite (and turtle)
come on quit picking on turtles
The president deserved his Judicial nominee in 2016
Actually, the so-called president deserves to be fired. He's playing Americans and you are a co-conspirator.
thanks for shutting down Warren

http://time.com/4663497/coretta-scott-king-letter-warren-senate-sessions/ …
1/2 We deserve  better. Your actions with @elizabethforma were embarrassing. I'm a Republican. Not proud of that today.
the people deserve an apology from you for red carding @SenWarren you're an embarrassment to our country
Maybe he does.  But We the People do not.  We deserve much much better.
NO! AMERICA DESERVES QUALIFIED CANDIDATES FOR OUR PRESIDENT'S CABINET! You forget who you serve!
What qualified people @McConnellPress ? He just picked people who gave him lots of money DeVos has ZERO qualifications.
HIS CABINET IS FULL OF SWAMP CREATURES
 #TREASONOUStRUMP
so did @POTUS44 for his @Scotus pick
The President deserves impeachment.
what about your refusal to confirm Obama's Supreme Court nominee you hypocrite
Yes he does, but at what cost to the American people? #resist
Judge Garland deserved a hearing & vote. Shame on u. You have broken every rule Sen. Bigot!
so did Obama assface.
Never been such an undeserving bunch of nominees. Perry at Energy? Pompeo in the CIA? Haley at the UN? No rhyme or reason.

I notice how few people enjoy you on twitter. Your popularity is in a downward spiral. God save your soul.
the "president" doesn't even deserve the PRESIDENCY. But then again, it's President Bannon, isn't it?
Your treatment of President Obama was unprecedented.  Trump deserves the nastiness you dished out!  Quit whining!
We deserve to have Merrick Garland too.

Republicans silence reading of Coretta Scott King's letter during Jeff Sessions confirmation hearing. Article 19  https://youtu.be/DOyeOrhVZc0 
Stop silencing your colleagues. The people need their voices heard.
The POTUS shouldn't have put stupids in like DeVos
CSK DUDES
what about deserving candidates the Dems are fighting for? Thank you Dems?
#sessouttheracist #LetLizSpeak  https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trumps-hard-line-actions-have-an-intellectual-godfather-jeff-sessions/2017/01/30/ac393f66-e4d4-11e6-ba11-63c4b4fb5a63_story.html …
please ask the senator what part of this statement is "inflammatory "
the American people deserve leaders that are qualified and in keeping with the integrity needed to defend the constitution
President Obama deserved his SCOTUS nomination.
The Orange Menace deserves what you gave President Obama:  NOTHING!

a man who's wife is Asian American&intelligent voting 4Sessions who is against civil rights&laws 2protect woman you spinless
delete your account
you are out of touch with reality. The American people DO NOT want trumps horrible cabinet. He lost the popular VOTE!
The President doesn't DESERVE anything. Especially when the cabinet is filled with billionaires and corruption.
America deserves a president and cabinet free of racist bigots. That is more important vs Your party.
glad to see your concern. How's McConnell-care coming; it's only been 8 years since you promised an improvement.
MOVE forget by partisan BS! Dems used &abused U all the time. HELP @POTUS w/HIS agenda FAST! @LouDobbs @FoxNews @seanhannity
Why do you want to destroy America?
you repubs deserve what you will be served in 2018 .... thrown out
I think Mitchy means "a Republican Prez deserves..." Does a party leader HAVE to be a shameless hypocrite.
thanks Mitch!
so did Obama you hypocrite!!!
what hypocrite would have his wife nominated for a cabinet? Is this the best person qualified person, Repubs sell Cabinets!
and President Obama deserved his SCOTUS PICK!
DeVos? Well qualified?  Even you can't be serious. Thanks for selling your soul to save our children from grizzlies!
The American people deserved a confirmation hearing for #MerrickGarland #resist #NoOnDeVos
and Kentuckians deserve a Senator who will listen to their constituents.
stunning, this cabinet is the saddest, despicable cabinet .  WE DESERVE BETTER THAN THIS. $POTUS #POTUS #PresidentBannon
.& we deserve a Congress that actually listens to us Americans, NOT JUST THE BIG DONORS TO THEIR CAMPAIGNS! #LYING #GOPSCUM
@senatemajldr  @SenateGOP  @SenatorSchumer The American people deserve a representative cabinet. I feel that did not happen!
When they are qualified yes. In this case, no way!
use nuclear option! It is just like Washington dragging their feet! Stand up! Use nuclear option and get moving!
it is not what the president deserves, but the right to quality education that American children deserve.
America is government of the ppl by the ppl and for the ppl. Remember that you work for us.
He deserves NOTHING! Illegit President, Putin Puppet, thief and con man. And you deserve to be hanged, Hypocrite McConnell!
why are you afraid of this president come on you know this woman is not qualified
You're such a hypocrite! You corporatist representatives need to understand #JusticeDemocrats are coming for you.
was disabled due to polio? She would have not a clue about his education rights.
Pres. Trump is not God. He does make mistakes. DeVos is a mistake. Knows nothing of ed, esp spec ed. Suppose a child who
the President deserves nothing- the people deserve the best. It is about USA not about him
$36,400. #noDevos
If we are going to talk about what the American people "deserve", I wouldn't start with the so called president's cabinet.
More PROPAGANDA AND LIES FROM THE GOP
Save us from him!!!!!!!!!!!!! @POTUS has never even read the Constitution.
KY deserves better than her. And u should do what's best for KY not always POTUS. U work for KY not POTUS
do you even hear yourself?
The people deserve better. Put us first!!
yes so did President Obama,but did you give it to him so reap what you sow.
remember when Ted read the cat in the hat?

"One and God make a majority."

Happy bicentennial birthday to the remarkable Frederick Douglass.…
your head deserves a neck, but we don't always get what we want .
in Jesus' name we pray.
God's speed and strength.  May God send His Holy Spirit to enlighten the hearts and souls of our Democratic senators
 there is a separation of church and state for a reason.
1st amendment = free exercise of religion.  Trump will restore this constitutional right.
also in the 1st amendment congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion. Typical xitan cherry picking
that means, as happened in england, the government cannot declare that all citizens practice a specific religion.
ok. Yeah alternative facts.
history.  Pilgrims.
history. The crusades , history, pilgrims killed the Indians, history white washed, history not what you think.
The people deserve a President with moral and ethical fortitude; that's not happening either. Your employers are being heard
Thank you for that statement.
More importantly, the American public deserve a qualified cabinet who'll serve our needs > corporations. #NoDeVos #NoPruitt
Mr McConnell your patience though admirable is no longer appropriate,it is time we help dems surrender their juvenile act
do you even pay attention to what the fuck republicans do? They are children. Lol silly little cupcake
the only thing @realDonaldTrump deserve is to be impeached! You need to be a man n do what's best for America 
#IMPEACHTRUMP
But the American ppl dont #TrumpsSwamp #deVosUnqualified
the president has selected the most unqualified and corrupt cabinet.  The people deserve better.  You do work for us!
You set the standard with Obama. We deserve qualified, vetted candidates. https://www.google.com/amp/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_587277dbe4b099cdb0fd853e/amp?client=safari …
But America doesn't deserve all of his choices for cabinet positions.
not this cabinet. You are delusional sir. Millions are watching. Keep that in mind
@SenateMajLdr 
Crooked pols who look out 4 themselves & lining their coffers instead of working 4 the people IS a huge prob
and the American people deserve a qualified cabinet. 

@SenateMajLdr
sure he does, one that actually has some expertise rather than dimwits who want to destroy
i will raise more than $36,400 for you @SenateMajLdr if that's what it takes to get qualified folks 4 Cabinet
How pathetic Devos is nominated simply because she bought her seat & votes of support by senators like you.  #DumpDevos
@SenateMajLdr  the potus should nominate qualified, experienced people with integrity. Then they wouldn't be held up!
Confirmation is not about what a pres. deserves. Why do we have a conf. process if not to check unqualified nominations?
Rather it's the American people that deserve a well-qualified admin. As a #Kentucky voter, I urge you to ensure we get one.
saw this speech. What you are missing sir is what the American people are saying. NO DEVOS.
the American people deserve credible cabinet members.  The president works for us.
Stand up to Trump and tell him to stop the lying, he makes you look like spineless worms.
You're a hypocrite.
all I hear is, wah wah wahhhh
The PEOPLE deserve  a repeal of Obamacare
He should have done the right thing and nominated more moderate nominees. #StopDeVos
