Yes @TheDemocrats should  show #gorsuch the same consideration GOP showed Merrick Garland #SCOTUS
Read McConnell's speech earlier tday.  Nice try.
Did you know that Nazis called the Jews ashes snowflakes? R U a Nazi?
Army officer.  No need for a safe place. No new meaning. Just new Nazis.
Patriot. Believer in the constitution.  Only labels that fit.  Thx for your answer
why is Senator Schumer threatening the Democrats if they pass any votes for Gorsuch? #democratsNOTforamericans
you r a crook. Stolen seat. You are a bad man. I hope this haunts you and ur family for the rest of ur life
Corporations & lobbyists would agree with you.
Do not let the democrats stop him from becoming a Justice.  GOP seems to bend over backwards to accommodate Dems
Not true.  He is not impartial and favors business over individuals. America has had it with losing to the rich.
I just hope he's not another Sandra Day O'Connor, John Roberts or Anthony Kennedy.  Justice Scalia was murdered
stop the BS!
So what do you think of his 2008 ruling?  I think he was callous in that finding.  I think you and Ryan are just as callous.  Cesura.  Repub
pants on fire.
Gorsuch has no integrity or respect for the constitution or he would have denied the nomination until Garland received a vote.
SO IS MERRICK GARLAND
so was garland
Hypocrite. I don't give a damn who's praising @GorsuchFacts. You didn't allow Merrick Garland to be heard. Same consideration.
DO NOT use the Nuclear Option. Do not change history for your party. You may not always be in the majority.
I cannot believe you are still saying this. Two words, Merrick Garland...
He is not qualified and you know it!!! He is a danger this to this country just as you are! You are one of the worst human beings walking!
Good to hear from you! Trust not. Make sure u have 60 or use Nuclear for him & other 180 Justices u have 2 fill r deteriorating courts with.
And the Right praised #MerrickGarland but you still refused hearings! #hypocrite
he was nominated by someone being investigated for treason. So, no vote should take place.
No appointment while the President is under a counter espionage investigation by the FBI.
it is not about him, it is about if an illegal President has authority to choose
Repubs LOVE judges that are anti-worker & all for the RICH corporations-so Gorsuch is their man to keep their donors happy!!
we need to find out what's going on with this president before we appoint anyone to the court for life. #Illegitimate
Gorsuch defends big business, NRA 10million dark money backing him
gee I think we should wait for the next president. It is only 3yrs and 8 months away. Seems like the right thing
MERRICK GARLAND was so well qualified too. #StolenSCOTUSseat
Another alternative fact=LIE. NO ONE should be appointed until you all are cleared from ties with Russia.
Other than the fact that is a threat to our freedoms.
#MerrickGarland was also Bigly qualified. You #obstructed progress the last 7 years, so now reap what you sew!
not dead yet, Mitch?
So is Garrland.
Do you do anything besides lie?!  #SCOTUS was selected by a #FakePresident with an #IllegitimateAdministration
SCOTUS hearing and others should be put on hold until investigation is complete.
you could say the same for Garland, but you played politics. Quit complaining , it's your game.
You can't polish a turd. That's Garland's seat you stole and you know it. Typical republicans cheating. #SCOTUS
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts   GO NUCLEAR!!!
You need to get to the bottom of Trump and Russia before ANY appointments! YOU are confused about whom you work!
THAT IS A LIE
Oh, Mr. McCononnell, I thought we blocked the fake news station button on your remote control.
It's just really too bad someone put their foot down and said no so many times in the past. Goes around comes...
Garland.
Well, too bad you pulled that little stunt with Garland then, Yertle.
Have some more jello old man. You are directly responsible for looking the other way while Russia plays us.
#TrumpRussia
Do you, um... do you know EVERYBODY can read your twitter feed? Like not just your friends and kids but everybody, right?
No more filling of positions, especial SCOTUS, until Trump clears up the Russian problems.
whatever happened to that Garland fella. He seemed very qualified.
Um, not everyone you bought and sold wonk. Go back on your knees to the Kochs you toad. Sad.
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts. President under federal investigation. #NOVOTE
That doesn't mean they will vote for him. Garland was just as qualified and you sabotouged Obama's pick
We should be as gracious as you were with Garland, who was also as well qualified.
Folks like me will fight his confirmation tooth and nail Tutle Creepy Man
MERRICK GARLAND. you fool
So why haven't you got him through and seated on SCOTUS ?
That should REALLY worry conservative Republicans.
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts This lie amounts to a steaming pile of horse shit.
: and judge Merrick Garland was equally qualified when he was nominated by a sitting President. #GOPhypocrites
You stole the rightful pick from Obama.  Shame on you. Investigate #russiagate. Get rid of Nunes.
He is genuinely a decent guy but darn that Merrick Garland thing.  Sticks in our craw.
Mitch - go nuclear if Chuckles @SenSchumer attempts filibuster.
Nope; he is not a legitimate nominee
HAHA delusional.  You want a vote when treason is on the table?
POTUS is under investigation by the FBI for possible collusion w/Russia/Putin.That's reason enuf for me. #BLOCK @GorsuchFacts
No confirmations in an impeachment year, cock-block McCocknell (McFuckmeface)
Then get him confirmed by nuke opt.  Enough with these sick headed democrats that have no love for justice.
merrick muthafuckin garland was also well qualified you turtle
Oh, yes, that's certainly why all 8 members of the SCOTUS oppose him. #morallybankrupt
just shut up.  You're embarrassing
#MerrickGarland was Well Qualified to sit on SCOTUS. But, lotta good that did him vs your partisan dirty tricks!
I'M ILLITERATE, SO I THINK I'M QUALIFIED TO SAY THIS MAKES NO SENSE
Go nuclear now ... McConnell stop dragging your feet ..
Yes but you have no credibility. You're all about obstruction and obfuscation. #youlie GOP sucks.
To bad the @gop threw a hissy fit over Garland. Payback.
McConnell, you are an exceptional hypocrite 
https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/03/16/politics/merrick-garland-republicans-praise/index.html …
Is he any more qualified than Merrick Garland? Both good men but it was wrong to not seat Garland. BLOCK GORSUCH
Then appoint him !!!!!!!!
Hey, wasn't there someone in line before him? MG, nominated by a REAL @POTUS, one that was not a traitor?#Intel
#MerrickGarland or #STFU
the GOP and namely you have made it evident you do not stand for the country or the people. Oh, and ur a racist
Hypocrite, you wouldn't vote on Garland and no your trying to push a misogynist big business guy on the country.
you left the seat open for an entire year simply for ur hate of a black man I question ur abilities & faculties
-Maybe so....but "people from the left" are pissed that you didn't give Merrick Garland an up or down vote
grammar anyone lol?!?!

as qualified as Merrick Garland probably...
MERRICK GARLAND!
if he was that good you wouldn't need to keep singing it. Didn't impress the Dems nor me. Must answer the basic
Har Har Dildo.  The no principled reason was holding up Garland's nomination and then giving nomination rights to guy chosen by Putin.
And so why do the other justices not promote him?!  
#sickofyourshit
blah, blah, blah
I believe Merrick Garland also received praise from across the aisle.  YOU blocked him.  STOLEN SEAT.
Praised Garland too. That didn't stop an obstructionist GOP from denying him. #Russiagate must be resolved first
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts of course he is but how is that relevant to democrat politics since that is all that matters
Merrick Garland. #SCOTUS
First give confirm Garland, then if another opening comes up Gorsuch can have his chance at confirmation
here's a reason besides it should be Obama's pick, Gorsuch votes on side of big Corp against the individual..... just like u
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts NO VOTE! The Pres is under an FBI investigation! He probably has less than 1 yr left in office.
by your logic, he should not fill seat!
Not as much as they were praising Judge Garland though eh?
#garlandnotgorsuch. He favors your rich friends over citizens.  Retire turtle.  #IndependentInvestigation
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts  c'mon. Would you have stayed in the truck & FROZE?? Merrick Garland is your man, dude.
BULLSHIT,
.@SenateMajLdr @McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts what about the president who nominated him being under FBI investigation?
@McConnellPress @GorsuchFacts 51-
Not for women's rights.  He is NOT qualified then.
If we can't confirm in an election year we can't confirm in an impeachment year. Think about it.
@foxnews U are in chg of the US Senate--why hasn't he already been confirmed and now sitting on the SCOTUS???
Oh, so sorry, I thought this was an article from the Onion!
so is Garland. You have so lost the high road you need gps.
Proof reeeeed
people from the right (including you) praise Garland too. You are such a hypocrite &a liar. No better than trump
It's not Gorsuch's fault but he's 2nd in line for a vote. Merritt Garland must be voted on first.
#garlandfacts, #youskippedhisvetting, #grandliarfromky
then get it done and stop dancing with Leftists!
Why aren't you pushing for the many investigations into Russian interference in our elections?
No SCOTUS until Russia matters cleared up. Why aren't you getting this? Are you hiding something?
and Obama's pick is qualified as much as Gorsuch and he didn't get his day on the floor McConnell! #justsaying
#MerrickGarland
There's a nominee ahead of him.......
Gorsuch backed by Federalist Society & funded by dark money. Gorsuch is a judicial activist. #MerrickGarland better qualified
There was no principled reason not to approve Garland you chinless hypocrite. #SCOTUS
Trump was not qualified to appoint.
SHOULD HAVE CONFORMED  Merrick Garland block everything Republicans try MAKE AMERICA GREAT Ban Republicans
funny, because your side failed to present a convincing case for Gorsuch. You didn't take the hearing seriously.
OMG. Yet again, I have to remind you and the nation what a duplicitous little man you are #scotus #impeachtRump
hahahahahahaha you loser
.@SenateMajLdr @GorsuchFacts Stop politicizing the judiciary. No appointments from a president under FBI investigation. McConnell rule!
Major hypocrisy on your part: to hold a hearing when we are in the middle of an FBI investigation on the WH
absolutely no scotus voting to confirm Gorsuch until after trump investigation done!
fail. Try again. And this time, don't lie.
Yes POTUS 1st pick make it happen soon. Need to approve funding for crying towels for the looney left losers LLL
Why did R's let Judicial committee delay the vote? Do you expect vany votes from D's?
What you did was horrific... you deserve the bull sh!t
@OversightDems @GOPoversight Is it legal/ethical for @IvankaTrump advise @POTUS and get security clearance? Please stop this.
Mitch, you're full of more shit than a Christmas turkey!
Ever heard of Merrick Garland? Delay-obstruct-filibuster seemed perfectly acceptable then, why not now?
... says the Grand  Ole Party Of NO #GOPONO
again, after we find out about #Trumprussia then we'll talk, until then. Just stop.
America needs a Supreme Court justice who will limit the influence of big money in politics. #BlockGorsuch
MERRICK GARLAND!
.@SenateMajLdr ICYMI #Trumprussia is a principled reason to #PostponeTheVote what the hell are you thinking? Hypocrisy much?
Trump well qualified to be a con man, lier and traitor, GOP should agree to an independent investigation
Can't you say #Democrats instead of those people on the left? Those "people" will filibuster Gorsuch.
There is simply NO legitimacy to the nomination. Let's see: criminal investigation of president and cohorts. And it is Garlands seat!
...do not supercede employees' rights.
Corporations are not people. They do not have religious beliefs, and what their owners claim to hold...
# USA and its citizens BEFORE any #GOP agenda and nomination for #SCOTUS by a #POTUS under investigation for espionage!
New Subject...when are you going to do something about this president joke that is ruining our country?
about as qualified as your health care bill...
So was Garland.  Your point?
Get Gorsuch through ASAP and by whatever means necessary!
GOP propaganda from
MCConnell.He is totally manipulative.Senators will make up own mind. MCConnell =hypocrite
you've been around trump and the Russians so much that all you do is lie
He's lied his entire time in office.
Hey Leader found your CHIN !!!!!  Seemed to be between the DONALD's LEGS - what's up with that ???? Money shot ????
Merrick Garland was unanimously appointed. That means b4 you lost YOUR principles, Repubs praised him. hypocrite
There was no principled reason not to confirm Garland, just GOP spite.
Garland also rated WQ by ABA, praised by the right, but you sandbagged him out spite. u should step down.
Can't master that tricky grammar thing, huh.
This is a stolen seat.This better be a 60 straight up and down vote. No 60 votes then you need a new candidate.
Trump has no business appointing ANYONE while HE is under FBI investigation! What a freaking farce!
filibuster filibuster filibuster filibuster filibuster filibuster filibuster filibuster filibuster filibuster
@SenateGOP Don't wish 4 something because you might get your wish @POTUS @MikePenceVP @Reince #TX1
stolen seat. End of story.
nope, nope nope. Nice try #failedgop #hypocrite #lostyourway #alternativefacts
You're delusional. Not happening. May need your meds checked.
Why yes there is a BIG reason.  You stole the nomination and cheated @POTUS44 out of the appointment.
