The administration is on fire, the world is watching Donald fall apart, insanity is everywhere, and you remain vigilantly blowing the rich.
crowning achievement is destroying a health care plan because our black presidents name has been attached to it. KY we gotta lose this fool
I completely agree. I posted a while back vids of Eastern KY folks who said they loved ACA, hated Ocare. Sigh @SenateMajLdr must go!
Mitch knows even if it was called "OBama Free Guns and Liquor" they only hear the OBama part. KY voters are terminally screwed I think.
McConnell & GOP spent 8 years on a vicious, calculated hate & smear campaign against PBO. Blame the president, so No One focused on THEM!
The biggest mistake PBO made was failing to go after GOP's corruption while he had a clear mandate to do so. He should have terrified them.
Yes and we're paying for it now.
Yes, think everyone yearns for the days when we didn't wake wondering what the hell he's done now?
Leader McConnell, there are more important matters in our republic. The president has threatened the former FBI head. And this. No response?
Independent prosecutor needed NOW. Why are you silent on Trump's threat to Comey? How is that not an attempt to stop the investigation?
Comey was one responsible for leaks not to mention corrupt to core, had 2go. UR too busy beating Russian drum to see what's really happening
Amazing u don't see Liberal media focuses on Russia 24/7 to tune out real news of corruption within their party & Obama admin. Turn channel
To what? #FoxNews? Kidding right? While you watch #fakenews #PutinPuppet is robbing #America .
You consider fox fake news bc it reports what you don't want to hear -unlike outlets like CNN who truly reports constant baseless Russian BS
I don't get CNN. I know Fox is fake because it champions the #FakePresident 
#CIA conclusions rank above #FoxNews any day. Poor USA.
What CIA conclusion would that be? FOX is only news not pushing fake Russian BS while others cry it 24/7 despite there being no EVIDENCE
And killing people is making you happy, why?
How exactly is he killing people Laura? His party is trying to pass a new bill to correct ridiculous issues w/ACA.
Preexisting condition. If you dont know about that be glad.  Those of us who do, well it's bankruptcies and death.
Bullshit. Insur companies covered PEC after a waiting period, usually 6m. There were also high risk pools in most states to help cover
Don't have any, be glad.  6 months? I'm dead.
PEC isn't even an issue anymore. Covered under ACA and AHCA
If I could afford it.  Accessibility isn't Affordability.
Why does this make you happy? You wasted 6 years when you could have led bipartisan improvements to ACA, instead you lie and insult 44
How do you look in mirror & not get disgusted?GOP has ensured companies leave by taking their $$ & making profit more important than lives.
We would like to say goodbye to you, too! Senator Corrupt
You need to stand for the US! Senator, Trump or Country! Be a man!!
We will say goodbye to you....
Voters across the country will be saying 'goodbye' to GOP in midterms. 
It's still the law, you know? You probably don't.
Notice the lack of support ? Trump's BS to undue Obama, let alone Obamacare, is wrong.  The country said no, how can the Senate change that?
And you are doing a happy dance. Don't lie.
AND FUNNELING THE MONEY RIGHT INTO YOUR RUSSIAN SPY POCKETS
Can't wait to da goodbye to you Turtle. And this whole administration. You suck.
Don't you think talk of dumping ACA had to do w/that??!! Also, bills like ACA NORMALLY get revisions which REPs blocked & subsidies withheld
Your new #TrumpCare is so toxic Am ppl will die. W/this plan diabetics, cancer survivors, epileptics, depression etc will NOT be covered
Talk of high risk pools will make cost too for ppl to afford & seniors will be charged 5x more. YOU KNOW it's a bad plan but you're exempt
Shame on you! Do your job! Get a special prosecutor to investigate the President!
And in a few short years, we will be saying good bye to the Republican majority! Hallelujah! #corruptAF #complicit #russiagate
I would like to say goodbye to you
Yes, you're giddy over the problems with the AHCA -- regardless of the impact to real people.  Just your agenda.  Not a patriot.
and? you're glad?
How long till the country can say Goodbye to #McConnellcare
. @SenateMajLdr Country Over Party -REMOVE this President From Office for Leaking Secrets To Russian Spies -RUSSIA VOTE Hack Prosecutor NOW!
Because of the GOP. Thanks to #governor Rick Scott.
No they are leaving due to @GOP incompetence. This problem is yours to solve.
premeditated murder and you are active in that.
Fix it! No repeal/replace. Protect preexisting conditions, no lifetime caps. Single payer seems to be the way to go... Healthcare for all!
Seriously Mitch, this country has bigger problems than your obsession with destroying healthcare. The #GOP is failing our country. #bigly

And soon the country will say goodbye to you from the Senate!

Individuals who are "extremely careless" with classified information should be denied further access to such info. 

What does the "new plan" cost.  How do you vote without knowing what it costs?
And im saying goodbye to republican majority congress... Id you guys had brains this bill would pass just b4 re election so the poor
And middle class, wouldnt feel its terrible financial effects til it was too late
Oh and hows #russiagate going, a scandal that even the Nixon public library denounced when it kept getting related to watergate
And we're saying "goodbye" Mitch. Think people don't know you think health care is ONLY for rich Republicans like you?
If only We the Majority could say goodbye to your greed and abuse of power. Bent on hurting little guy-staunch advocate for big money
Soon, we’ll be saying goodbye to you and your compatriots in treachery.
Wake up, Kentucky, and vote this dinosaur out the next time he's up for reelection.
Meanwhile, you're failing to do your job of checks & balances on the executive branch. Putting party before country is wrong & you know it.
Thanks to you and your fellows wreaking havoc and scaring off insurers,  YOU HAVE KILLED AMERICANS. Trumpcare is even WORSE.
The republicans will have blood on their hands 2018 can't come soon enough can't wait to throw these pro death people out of office.
Stick your head back in your shell and take your corrupt wife with you
You are the reason we need term limits
We need to be saying goodbye to you instead!
Hey Mr enabler of a CON man and a TRAITOR.Perhaps we'll be able to go after ur ass once Trump is doing time?? What do you think pumpkin?
And many constituents saying goodbye to the @gop
insurers are waiting for you to give them GIANT entitlements,& you get your kickbacks!nice try mitchy boy.SAD!u & cronies F O
TrumpRyanCare violates Article 25 of the Declaration of Human Rights estb. in 1948 by the UN.   #notrumpcare
This is not good. You did your best to destroy the ACA. Now people will literally die. You're an evil man. #DoYourJob #evilmitch
We'll soon be saying goodbye to you!!  http://www.palmerreport.com/politics/intel-community-chatter-paul-ryan-and-mitch-mcconnell-caught-red-handed-in-trump-russia-scandal/2333/ …. #complicit #redhanded #buhbye
It's long past time someone investigates you too, you cowardly little turtle. #mcconnellbelongsinjail
Cannot wait to say 'Goodbye To @SenateMajLdr !

Taxpayers across the country r saying goodbye 2 their ins and sick family members. Ur all gonna pay for this even w trump affecting voting
we will soon be saying “goodbye” to you
people need to admit that Obamacare gone and move on. I did.
U r a coward who is jealous cause GOP could not come up w/ a plan like Obamacare. Just fix the problems in ACA that GOP created. #getalife
and voters saying goodbye to good ol boys @GOP in 2018. You have established yourselves as the worst administration in the history of the US
Another lie by you and the GOP.
Too bad you have your blinders on and get help make the ACA work for all Americans instead of holding it down
And people like me, insured by an employer, would have to pay a ridiculously high premium because of illnesses! Shame on you!
Like thw GOP is failing the country; you'd rather practice ideology than follow your constitutional oath
All because of your obstruction all of us will suffer without ACA Shame on you and your partisan crap
Shame on you! Americans are done being patience! Coach Gregg Popovich has more courage than GOP!
Gregg Popovich on how President Trump conducts himself:

"It's embarrassing, it's dangerous to our institutions…
Insanity in your mind!
It will #GoodbyeGOP if u pass crappy #TrumpCare 
U involved in #TrumpRussia too or just the coverup?
how about the country say goodbye to insurers. Let them fail, why invest in a losing biz? what's up w universal healthcare? forget the greed
Would rather be saying goodbye to @SenateMajLdr--a spineless, morally bankrupt sellout.
FOCUS! Begin the 25th amendment protocol.  A nation is waiting.


people are saying hello to indicting you & Ryan.in the know about Russia & would do anything to win. U don't care about ppl only power

Poll: 78% want independent Russia probe; 65% have some or lots of confidence in FBI probe; 40% for cong. probe.  https://www.scribd.com/document/348302118/NBC-WSJ-May-2017-poll … 
You share a bed with greedy insurance companies and have chosen politics and personal gain over America, swamp thing. #UniversalHealthCare
Are you ever honest or honorable in any way?
That's because you and your pals are jacking it up!!
What a coincidence. Voters and anyone in Congress with a conscience will soon be saying goodbye to you and your corrupt president.
Because not a single Republican can get past their hatred of Obama to fix the system!  Do your jobs and help your country, not hurt it!
And "Goodbye to the GOP"

would your mama approve of you gutting healthcare for children, women, and elderly moms? #askyourmama
McConnell, @SpeakerRyan  and @realDonaldTrump are unmasking the true intent of GOP on every level! Nov 2018 vote right around the corner.
Is it true you what Garland to be the new FBI Director?  Habe you lost your damn mind?
WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU? ONCE AGAIN, you are going to block something else that needs to be done because obviously YOU are 10.
Sure, republicans are singlehandedly blowing up the ACA and then claiming it was collapsing of its own weight.  For shame

There is no excuse for the insane actions of Donald Trump. You better stop putting Trump above country. @FBI @GCHQ #treason 

Poll: Just 29 percent approve of Trump's decision to fire Comey http://hill.cm/4WQKs4H  
I’m sure they are but it’s not corporate America whose interests you are supposed to represent, asshat.
You're a worthless Mossy Back Republican, with pig headed politician ideas.
hello to another giant GOP welfare program that will flounder and grow letting GOP go away by 2010
You are lying about everything and robbing the poor to give to the rich, because you are a selfish, cruel traitor to this country.
Garland had better not be a consideration for @fbi director.When will @GOP @POTUS @SpeakerRyan learn? Stop the #Capitulation  #draintheswamp
Here's hoping the voters in KY will be saying goodbye to you very soon, Mitch. Your irresponsible partisanship is destroying this nation.
Because they fear Trump will stiff them on subsidy payments just as he has cheated contractors throughout his life.

'I'm not willing to let my kid die because I don't have money.'

This mother questioned her Rep's Trumpcare vote –…
Make them all regret doing this by any legal means necessary #VoteThemOut of Office
You made it easy for them, didn't you? #Traitor
This is how McConnell screws the working class. Putting power and prestige in front of country.
I wouldn't be tweeting this a tweet is forever I wouldn't be so proud
Yes.  When you don't work honestly and in good faith with your peers and fellow citizens that's what happens.
Why would u suggest anti 2nd Amend @MerrickGarland_ for FBI director @realDonaldTrump This would be insane
There is no way Garland is good for FBI director. 
How dear you even though about that.
Mitch.
What is wrong with you recommending Garland. 
That is calming down the Democrats. 
FBI is for the people not for political reason.
YOU are nothing more than a DEM in Republican clothing! Nothing but a sell-out..who will hurt the POTUS ...NO Merritt Garland..but nice try!
https://twitter.com/RubyCodpiece/status/863754069453746176 …
Yes and the reason: u and GOP scaring them off. They see Congress forcing Obamacare demise. This is on you.
http://m.marinelog.com/index.php?option=com_k2&view=item&id=9945:foremost-newbuilds-backed-by-first-china-taiwan-ship-finance-deal&Itemid=230 … China limits coal prod.; you: $ from Trump & coal ind.; your father-in-law ships it to China? Simple!
How about we say goodbye to YOU instead? HOW can you support Trump?!
http://www.cnbc.com/2014/01/08/sac-alums-find-success-despite-negative-press.html … Your wife's hedge fund director/donor/bro-in-law left Steve Cohen's doomed SAC Capital just in time.
United Orient Bank had a little money laundering problem. Lucky your brother-in-law wasn't indicted!
So you cut pieces of it away and that causes insurance companies to pull out then you brag about insurance companies pulling out?
https://www.wsj.com/articles/jim-breyer-and-idg-raise-1-billion-china-fund-1468324804 … As your donor/family members would benefit, you'll recuse from TPP & Dodd-Frank related legislation?
Because A$$ H0LE$ like you aren't protecting Americans.Time for you to stop letting the Insurance Companies from walking all over the USA 
McConnell-The bill the House sent u is the biggest redistribution of wealth from the poor 2 the rich this country has ever seen. Don't do it
Because the GOP is complicit in allowing the ACA To fail. "Free Market" is what we had before the ACA. Yes let's return to that system!
Reminder:  You are complicit in allowing a mentally unstable POTUS who has committed treason to remain in office, just for a tax cut.
.@SenateMajLdr Medicare for ALL! You ARE a pre-existing condition, plus taxes pay for your coverage! Taxes should pay for ours too!!

Insurers are  leaving because the GOP is not funding the risk corridor and is inflicting massive chaos and uncertainty on the #ACA. #SaveACA
No tweet from you about Trump firing Comey? Are you OK with it? Clumsy effort to impede Russia investigation. Your silence remembered.
When will you get woke?
Cares nothing about the people. Only the pockets of the rich lined with money and mortuaries lined with bodies. Corrupt SOB!
Forget that! #ImpeachTrump !!! Get a backbone and hold country over party. Trump is mentally unstable. PLEASE do something!!!

Ever wonder why you didn't and won't become the cool dudes in Washington. Here is where half the US population lives. 

History won't be kind to President Trump's Republican enablers http://www.latimes.com/opinion/readersreact/la-ol-le-trump-republicans-comey-firing-20170512-story.html …
By the way, It's called the Affordable Care Act - not the name you gave it so that people who don't know the difference would distrust it.
