We see your selective application of what's customary in Congress re SCOTUS pick. Naked partisanship will SINK the GOP in 2018. Trump chumps
Please ask the tough questions, such as why McConnell's face is melting?

Why did Trump say that the health care plan was amazing?  the best?
Ryan is the problem
Getting rid of him is the solution
He's part of the problem.  I'll give you that
McConnell is the worst kind of unrepentant sinner. He has damned his eternal soul with his anti-American, Anti-Christian actions.
Hypocrite!!
You will be judged for your complicity in Trumps Crimes Against Americans. Career Politicians need to go. You WILL BE GONE.
What does Mitch have to say about the #TrumpMarchTowardsDeath?

Democrats  are doing 2 TRUMP
Pure McCarthyism by practice of making accusations  of subversion & treason without proper regard for  evidence
An uninformed electorate is the key to the Republican Party's survival.
WE DO NOT TRUST YOU
@SenateMajLdr #trumprussia 
INDICT  Kushner Nunes Ryan Sessions Ross Chao
OBSTRUCTION GRAFT TREASON
#resist
Fake News fox?
Let's ditch Mitch!!!!
You make fun of @MaxineWaters   hair and @SenateMajLdr gets to have that turtle face? He only likes billionaires. He berates good people.
Mitch is senile or a Russian stooge. He has no desire to protect the average American who is not in the billionaire club
Fox Newsmax Breitbart and the GOPTP majority are the birthers of fake news.
@SenateMajLdr I used to think reading the comments of @realDonaldTrump was funny, now I'm way more into Grandma McConnell...


Don't cave on the wall, planned parenthood, defense spending, etc.  
Repub' are in the majority for a reason!!
@SenMcConell please show some balls and respect your President for once.  American is watching.......#maga


Yeah, because Faux News needs to keep feeding faux facts to their poorly educated and party over country viewers.
#ImpeachTrump Arrest and indict @SenateMajLdr for bribery and extortion and for selling off our rights!

Will he ask you is smoking causes cancer? I assume it is still a matter of scientific debate for you and fellow deniers.
Oh u mean Fake News right?  Don't believe a word from your turtle mouth nor Faux News
This should be a riot to watch.  Be careful not to ask any important questions he doesn't want to answer
Will they just be sitting or will there be real questions?
if only Mitch knew how many people in the American public hate his guts. Millions!
THE MONSTER SPEAKS!
Can turtles actually sit down or will Mitch just lay there?
Ask him about his corrupt theft of a SC nom. Plus remind him that if not 60 votes then the founders require a new candidate. That's the rule
What kind of "honorable" man wants a Supreme Court seat that was stolen because of a) stolen election and b) stolen from Garland? Honorable?
Have democrats shared list of docs prepared by Obama with committee? When?
God is good! Trump had to win, so we could open our eyes to the injustice of this political economic system, no more corrupted republicans
You're a little confused. This may help.
If @SenateMajLdr is lucky, the entire dozen persons who read his tweets will tune in. 

#twitteranalyticsfordummies
@FoxNewsSunday Please ask old Mitch if he thinks appointing Gorsuch & ignoring Merrick is really what majority of US people want. Do survey!
drain the swamp
I saw you in the desert today on holiday
OH GOODIE! More lies on the Republican Propaganda Machine™!
@FoxNewsInsider He enabled 44 for the last 8 years. If HarryReed can break senseless, arcaic rules-- SURELY Mitch has cahonas
Taking the easy road with Fox asking only questions you want to answer!  We demand investigation and IMPEACHMENT.  RESIST. VOTE!!!!
NOPE NO LONGER WATCH CHRISSY FOR ANYTHING.
Of course, you won't question his integrity at all.....you're not the network to question #GOP ethics ever.
He has slept since then.  I find it is always good to carry a bottle of quotes/maybe even tapes. I find republicans to be the most forgetful
REPUBLICANLIEONEWORD.
Worthless snooze fest...
LOL! Why do you look so terrified in this picture of you?? You finally realize Kentucky is coming for you and it ain't gonna be pretty?? 
Chris gets to grill a turtle. Not very interesting
So nice you will be adding to fake news! Guess only 35% will even bother to watch!  Pitiful!  Go back in your shell!
Whoopee! Another game of softball!
Don't watch FNS anymore. Chris has made too many liberal comments for me
I hope it is to announce his resignation!  Down the drain!
#FoxNEWS, a leader in #fakenews, interviews #SenateMajorityLeader, a leader in #GOP #lies, propaganda, and elevation of the nation's elite.
@FoxNewsInsider  GOP "strategists" may have gotten the House, Senate & WH.. but "strategy" won't hold them.. good policy will
Sorry, Fox News Sunday, but we do not want to listen to either of you!
Please ask him just how many coal miners will go back to work? Ask why he is ok with polluting the waters with the run off from the mines.
Boomerang from 2016 should have expected what's happening as a reaction to his actions
I hope you get asked why you do not use the nuke opt for Gursuch
You have your softball questions lined up? I'll bet you do. Or you could try acting like real reporters. Too difficult? Too bad
Ask the buffoon why Merrick Garland didn't get hearings; if a POTUS in his final year can't nominate neither should 1 under investigation.
Plz ask McConnell this: if a seat opens in DJTs 4th yr, will he pledge to pause filling it, per his 2016 logic? #gorsuch
Heads up Mitch, you will be required to answer questions.
#TrumpRussia was an attack on our electoral process by a foreign adversary. You are empowering Putin & enabling a compromised adminstration.
VALID
Disgusting little man.
Another chance for you to spew bigotry, hatred, and lies.  You're a national disgrace #GOPLiesMatter
Good idea. Sit down, @SenateMajLdr.
What does it take theses days to keep the senile old fart lucid, long enough to interview?
@SenateMajLdr Gorsuch: "I have no problem being nominated by a criminal POTUS to a lifetime seat stolen from the electorate."
Repeal and replace that nimrod.
Obstructionist
How exciting!
Go Nuclear
we elected TRUMP as POTUS we expect congress 2 stop the bullshit & get HIS & OUR agenda done ASAP....or be gone....we're tired of it
There's a waste
Ask him how it feels to have created such a toxic Washington? Demonizing the other party while criminals sit in the WH?Is he proud
ALSO WHILE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF ANYTHING THAT WILL PROFIT HIMSELF AND HIS FAMILY.  SO M ANY UNETHICAL THINGS HAPP RNING..HOW DO YOU KEEP UP?
Who cares. Two big spending rhinos having tea.
GOP okays foreign enemies to be able to obtain your personal internet information
