Are we ready to discuss how US citizens don't need automatic weapons yet?
fuck you
How do you stand by this bumbling idiot?  At least we know your legacy is destroyed when he’s impeached. #nationaldisgrace
Good.
Did you know where you were at today during the press conference? At one point it looked as though you shat yourself.
NEED 10% TAX surcharge on top 10% until deficit turns down - NO TAX CUTS FOR TOP 10%
I despise your court nominees.
Can you constrain #POTUS? He is UNHINGED, causing great damage to the USA & our reputation. I’m not enjoying being know for crazy leader!
Mr. McConnell, it seems to me POTUS is putting the United States on a collision to destruction.  I need you to protect us from this happenin
Truer words have never been spoken
Spurs' coach Gregg Popovich labels Trump 'a soulless coward' https://atxne.ws/2gKhmjF  
It's time to get the GOP working together!!
You are a NeverTrumper and a traitor to the American People.  We are watching you and the do nothing Senate!
Pathetic, spineless, immoral hypocrite. Just standing around with that dumb smile as the Orange One lies through his teeth.
#ImpeachTrump
You will go down in history as having supported traitors...Shame, all those years...and thats how yu end it.
behold 2 of the most dangerous, criminal terrorist walking the planet...  @SenateMajLdr @POTUS

You sir are not committed to anything but slowing the Presidents agenda and making you and the rest of the party look ignorant
Good thing you were there to help the Leader of the Free World up those scary steps  
thread: it’s so obvious that Trump is afraid of walking on stairs 
We want the agenda passed that we voted for. If #McCain keeps sabotaging votes, maybe he s/b removed from the Armed Services committee.
You are a spineless, gutless coward
IS THIS YOUR GRAND DAUGHTER?
Unearthed footage shows Donald Trump squeezing and kissing a woman while talking about offering a job to a 'beautiful' teenager 
Get your hand out the cookie jar!!  Money matters to you over millions of lives!! How do you sleep at night devil? RETIRE!!
Ya'll did some major sucking up today. Embarrassing was it?
If you really are a good person at heart, you know he MUST be impeached.  Where are your morals??
@GOP complicit treason,danger nukes, inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying #NoConfirmations #nullify2016
@SenateMajLdr IMPEACH DJT before Un detonates a nuke over the US. DTJ is provoking Un. We have two insane adults playing chicken with nukes.
You're scared of the orange idiot
Gutless turtle man

Need to also be committed to supporting other programs approved by American voters (e.g. #KatesLaw); Drive your counterpart back 10 yards.
Kissy,kissy.. America is watching 
McConnell, we all want to deny Iran going nuclear, but you can't let tRump destroy the honorable word & promises of America in the world.
Mitch the orange dictators BITCH



Asshole now ur sitting on orange hitlers lap!! Get some balls impeach him!!! You suck
Step down you're a disgrace!  #dobbs #tucker #trump #hannity #ingraham #varney #boycottNFL #weinstein

As a Kentucky tea party member we're doing everything in our power to remove Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul
You have a president who is wanting to work with congress to get things done. Trump is doing an excellent job & you should be saying that
Simple majority in the Senate now please.
Trump to ask McConnell to step down....will he?
Our word needs to mean something
We need our government to explain this document. This Declassified Document Is the Ultimate Proof
P.S. LOL, no one likes you!  #Turtleface
Be careful. It looks as if the USA is the one violating the agreement, not Iran. We still need our allies while opposing some Iran behaviors
Thank GOD for @Potus A man of his word.  Rare in Washington . Fight harder for our elected @Potus . #WeThePeople are watching 
Why aren't you working to impeach the moron destroying this country??? Too busy doing it yourself?
Lick his butt while you are there .  I hope he continues to humiliate you since you seem to have no respect for yourself .  Pitiful.


Hit me again Don!! Do you suffer from battered spouse síndrome??

Leader Mitch is committed to promising jobs he'll never give and taking away the safety nets we all use and need.
It is painfully obvious to anyone that you are not serving the interests of the ppl of Kentucky or the US. Calling for your resignation now
Too bad he’s committed to destroy u & @GOP 
Trump called Bannon to praise him for declaring war on Republican party: report http://hill.cm/Vxtd4Ab  
McConnell committed. We need you to get off your ass and start passing some of the 300 bills you are sitting on. With tax bill first. Work!
U, GOP doing nothing to control UNFIT POTUS on edge of WWIII.  U will be cause of nuke war!  #SHAME
Ut oh , Bannon is coming for you the same way you went for Obama !!! Karma is a bitch
U cannot work with a psychotic. There is no evidence that Iran has broken agreement. NATO in danger. Well done.
Curious if Mr Adelson gave Mitch his orders via email or over the phone
YOU NEED TO BE VOTED, YOU ARE JUST LIKE THE YELLOW BABOON IN THE WHITEHOUSE! YOU ARE A TURTLE!
McConnell,u do realize u have lost all credibility&your integrity& http://respectability.You  will be remembered 4 your spineless subservience!

http://www.politico.eu/article/federica-mogherini-donald-trump-iran-eu-us-has-no-right-to-terminate-iran-accord/?cmpid=sf …   EU: US has no right to terminate Iran accord. International effort; 12  years negotiations. Reality
McConnell has voted for at least 15 bills that provided funding for Planned Parenthood dating back to 1998. #DitchMitch
What have you become , an undercover Republican where have you been for the last 8mos ?
1997 McConnell voted against ban federal funding for research on bodyparts from abortions.  RollCallVote#215, 9/4/97
1992, McConnell voted overturn so-called "Reagan Rule" that prohibited #PP using taxpayer $for pro-abortion counseling.
Liar. We got your number boy  Stand Down
1992 McConnell voted for taxpayer-funded research using aborted baby body parts. Roll Call Vote #263, 10/2/92
Action speaks louder than words!
McConnell is as bad as Trump.
TrumpCare sucks .. Trump & GOP Broke it they own it now @tedlieu @RWPUSA @JoyAnnReid @chrislhayes @DarrellIssa @SenSchumer @CNN @SenWarren
Hx will judge McConnell harshly bc he enables an incompetent, Russian puppet President & his wife works for Trump too @tedlieu @amjoyshow
IRAN will soon contact #NorthKorea and the alliance is FIRM. Against US!
Why are you committed to working with POTUS on anything? He is trying to dismantle our access to healthcare, lies daily &  is insane IMPEACH
Right about one thing old man...you s/b committed...like yesterday! Resign & go out to the pasture-you’re time in the Senate is long over!
Invoke the 25th amendment. You owe your country that.
Then why don't you get on board with your POTUS???
Then why don't you BACK OUR POTUS??????

Everyday you become less & less relevant. i though the D's would  take you down but it looks like the R are going after you. thanks Bannon
You support Trump?  Are you afraid of Bannon.  Be honorable (nice to try new thing), do what's best for USA.  R's paying the price.  Love it
You're as deranged as he is -slapping our allies in the face again is a great strategy!  Can't wait to see POTUS publicly demean you again!
Resign.
I'm committed to kissing POTUS butt to further my own agenda. To hell with the little people" - McConnell statement translation

Then why unravel the deal that was put in place to constrain them. You're all just hell bent on undoing Obama's legacy. It's stupid.
Great! What about the US' support of terrorism? And nuclear reduction treaties?
Coward. Can’t keep a deal. We will lose credibility over the next 50 years. All for your ignorant base. Unamerican.
How about some healthcare, tax cuts/reform, infrastructure and funding for the border wall. Get something to the Presidents desk.

@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP 

There are 60 JUDGES picked by Trump and NONE HAVE GONE THROUGH!

GO NUCLEAR AND GET ALL HIS PICKS THROUGH!
Americans don't care if you don't like Trump.  His agenda is what Americans want.  Mccain is the worst sour puss  there is.
If Senators like you, Corker, Mccain, and other "STOP TRUMPERS" were employees in the real world, they'd be fired for lack of results.
You need to be committed all right.
You’re on the wrong side of the situation. Unilaterally putting the Iran deal at risk does not isolate Iran, it isolates us. WTFU!!!
U need to commit to get his judges confirmed. Change the rules. You know when the democrats get in they will anyways. We are getting angry.
Yet the rest of the world disagrees as usual with this regime.
Maybe you should stop blocking his judge appointments.
Then you better not undermined the Iran deal.
By undermining the very thing that has done that... Committed, you should be.
Trump is letting the perfect be the enemy of the good. Deal was working. Now we will probably have no deal on weapons nor on terrorism.
Complaining about time lines being  too hard to meet is falling on deaf ears to voters Americans must work and meet deadlines to keep jobs
It’s way past time RINO
How about working , period. The Senate has gotten nothing done.  Times have changed, people expect results.  Senate will be held accountable
But they’re in compliance with the deal, asshole.  Unnecessarily making enemies, where we have an opportunity to make peace.
Why don't you commit to stop your self-serving lying charade as a Senator?  You are an embarrassment to this nation.
Good!
Get working!! You have a lot to accomplish between now and the end of the year. Can you make it happen?? We are counting on you!!
Now you get the chance to prove it since @realDonaldTrump won't certify the Iranians.
Why can't you commit to the #RussianSanctions that expired 14 days ago?
Term limits.  You're senile.
You were committed on healthcare and we see that you failed on that. So should we expect any other outcome in this matter
You are a liar. Quit your position. You are so ineffective!
Uh yeh...we will file that under B.S. Next to the "we will repeal ObamaCare if..."
Hahaha — Collins?  McCain? Yeah, committed.
He is working to unseat you and you are unlikely to turn it around.
Tax cuts too!
Iran is not a direct threat to the United States. Russia is.
Trump does a good enough job masturbating his own ego don't think he needs a fluffer Mitch.
Mitch, establishment must be behind you on Iran. Where were you on repealing Obamacare? Are you &. establishment behind Tax cuts? Resign!
Committed? RESIGN! Senate REFUSING to work & approve appointments.
Wrkg 2 days a week? RESIGN or be REMOVED from Senate!
America is PISSED!
You mean his desire to drive us head on into a nuclear war? You are supposed to make things better, work towards peace.
Then why didn't you bring the deal up for a vote in the Senate as a treaty?
PS: Remind the apologist, appeasing, liberal brigade - that Iran has DENIED inspection of certain sites. If they are innocent - then - why??
Thank-You Mitch! That is being a Leader, Sir. Now to legislate the most strident sanctions against the conniving, lying, terrorist-enablers!
Committed to dismantling anything with Obama's name on it. Guess what, your plan to eradicate #44 is going to backfire in 2018 and 2020.
Nothin but hot air. @realDonaldTrump  needed to take executive action with majority. Sickening!
We shouldn't be giving money 2 any countries. #Period
War is profit isn't it Mitch? I hope it gets you!
You have no integrity, no love of country. All you care about is putting money in your own pockets. You and your president are just alike.
Y'all gone get us killed
You're jus expediting it!
Work with POTUS to get judicial  nominees confirmed.
Please, please, please invoke the #25thAmendment and remove this mentally unfit man from office!
Spineless profiteering hypocrite. #25Amendment Be ashamed @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenToomey your guy is Pres Pussy Grabber.
Please constrain your GOP President from dangerous rhetoric and thoughtless twits. Yr responsibility is to people not party & not president
Just drop nukes on the whole country and wipe 'am out. Don't worry, NO ONE would retaliate.
#sarcasm  @GOP  #idiots  #dangerous
You better bc we are sick and tired of the GOP and they will pay big when the re-election time comes !
If you can,t round rebs.up to vote for POTUS and our agenda we will replace you with someone who can.
Funny stuff saying one tho g while doing another
Idiot.
What about the 9 mill sick children? #CRUELTY #DoSomethingGOP #CHIP #yourethesickos
I'm sorry Senator, I find it diffficult to believe you.  What have you done for or with POTUS the past 10 months?
HELP MR. WIZZARD.....
absolute+ imperious+  overbearing power + and control= @realDonaldTrump The handwriting is on the wall
When will you commit to working with AMERICANS to impeach @POTUS and @VP or will you resign so a real AMERICAN can do it?
You talk out of both sides of your mouth you're not to be trusted
Merrick Garland
And that will be the death of the Nazi party because you idiot they’re complying! Remember the weapons of mass destruction? There weren’t any! @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @senorrinhatch @SenateGOP! @washingtonpost @JoyAnnReid @maddow THIS IS FLIPPING INSANE!
Stop obstructing everything else, you fossil.
You should be committed both of you
