The main issue is that this bill affects all 50 states yet only a small portion of them are included in the writing of it
It is because they want the tax dollar fines from it. It seems many dems love taxing people and always have.
Show your bill
No they're trying to stop you from tossing the most vulnerable people on the trash heap. You're an elitist who hates the poor and disabled.
The public is not stupid. Mitch continues to lie. He is a cancer.
Obama care isn't a failure YOU ARE
Wanting to prevent you all from putting something over on the people you serve is more like it!!!
CORRECTED TWEET: Despite ObamaCare’s successes, slimy Mitch McConnell is still trying to take health care away from Americans in secret.
24 million Americans!!!
Because it's not Obamacare that's the problem,it's you republicans that can't think of anything better that's the problem #dumb as hell
I don't get it .why we human beings are so selfish and sadistic? Why can't we compromise and everyone should get healthy care insurance?
We should be in titled to the same health care as the people we vote for and that my friend is free as in that's what they have.
#Obamacare worked for my family! Is my two sons being able to afford healthcare for the 1st time a failure? @SenateGOP is failing America.
Ur trying to ram a Bill without anyone looking at it. Is this ur way of getting legislation done ur way!!!
Will your plan be more affordable than Obamacare? Will there be complete coverage including pre-existing conditions? Do you even care?
Can't get in to leave a phone message I wonder why?

Convict and hang Paul ryan
Hopefully, we Dems can defeat. You are not looking out for the citizen's best interests, only what will line your pockets.
Your plan sucks
Bob Corker, John McCain and other's said it was being done in secret. YOU are a liar. You will cut taxes for rich and cut our benefits.
You are lying.  You know the dems offered to help. Your  health care bill is a giant tax cut for wealthy. I hope you are never reelected.
YOUR DESPICABLE.
@SenateMajLdr Mitch is a coward and working behind closed doors and won't let Democrats help with a Healthcare bill.  Shame on Mitch!
What are you talking about?There are video's & recordings of you doing the EXACT SAME THING to the Democrats & Pres.Obama for years.

Stop trying to take health care from sick Kentuckians so that wealthy can have tax cuts.  Your actions disgrace our state and your office.
Maybe they just want to see what is in that secret bill you are all working on in secret? How bad is the #AHCA if we can't even see it?
You are in charge. Do what you need to get POTUS agenda through. No excuses
You are an embarrassment. I'm ashamed to say you represent my home state!!! SHOW US THE BILL!
After the shooting why are you not bipartisan? Power still more important then human life! Shame on you Sir.
If this bill will kill Americans then we need to see what the killer looks like.
#ShowUsTheBill and maybe they would not @senrobportman
We need single payer #MedicareForAll. Why have taxes pay for senator's health insurance but not our own? Why arms&drones but not med care?
Despite being elected by the voters of KY, McConnell continues to show his allegiance to the highest bidder.
Acting *in secret without input from anyone but Republican donors.*
Republicans are in power, group together and just do it! Do not want to relive the "Contract with America" failure!
How about bringing your healthcare proposal into light of day.
Wise up Senator, the Democrats will never play ball. Invoke the legislature nuclear option.
This is America we will not sit by and let you take our freedom from us,they have shut the News out,now the American people are shut out
We demand to see what's in the new bill#wearenotblind
TrumpCare is not affordable for older Americans and anyone with pre-existing conditions. Obamacare is better.
So are the Liberal Republicans loaded in the group of 13 working on the Senate Bill.  Replace Obamacare not a new name with same rules.
Thank goodness!
TrumpCare is an atrocity that will cause 23 million people to lose healthcare coverage. That is why you don't want hearings about it
Can someone ask Mitch how it feels to have Chuck Schumer running things in the Senate.  Thanks!  #MAGA
Why aren't you working with Dems to improve health care? You will be vilified by history for this behind close doors bill.
I'd be glad to work with them! I'm running against Mitch McConnell in KY in 2020. Care to help? #CoxforKY #2020vision
The are not trying to delay it we all want to see the bill! This should be a public process
Where's your TrumpCare bill, Mitch? You control Congress, not the Democrats. Let's see what you've been working on for the last seven years
Help me get rid of Mitch. I'm running against Mitch McConnell in KY in 2020. Follow, retweet, & donate to support. #CoxforKY #2020vision
Poke your head out of that turtle shell, you coward! #ShowUsTheBill
Old story. You know better than that rally your senators and get it done. Praying for open doors and your eyes to see it.
Stop lining your pockets with lobbyists money Mitch just to screw the American people! Your party is pathetic! Look at your buffoon prez.
To the person running this Twitter: don't you get tired of posting lies for @SenateMajLdr? Redeem yourself. Post how he helped sabotage #ACA
Work with the President and get the Votes!
Dem Obamacare is a Govt comtrol tax law w/ penalty even if no insurance sellers availabel result unafford shortage vs Free Mkt afford plenty
Your secrecy is the problem here.
You don't need democrats. You know why there doing this. Republicans need to get this done!!!  We gave you the seats. 100% Trump or u lose!!
So FIGHT!  Your focus is the rules. Dems just sweep them aside.
We deserve to see what is in the new bill Hypocrite
We certainly do. I'm running against Mitch McConnell in KY in 2020. Care to help? #CoxforKY #2020vision
So, your response is to provide something worse? You've had years to come up with a better plan but can't. All talk, no action.
Yes, pass #Trumpcare! Make 23 million working Americans lose healthcare so I can redecorate my second beach house. #Suckers 
Will you hold public hearings and floor debate on this bill?If not then why?
Talk about fake news!  All McC has done is try to undo all the good that Obama has done.  Face it McC that you are a racist!  RETIRE, RESIGN
