Mitch McConnell ACTIVELY SUPPRESSED American Voters from finding out Russia was meddling in our DEMOCRACY!
Mitch McConnell has nothing to say about how he helped Russia get into the White House https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/7/11/1679750/-Mitch-McConnell-has-nothing-to-say-about-how-he-helped-Russia-get-into-the-White-House …
The GOP is trying to give the people much worse healthcare than Obamacare. The GOP will pay a HEAVY price for this in #2018 & #2020.
It is DeathCare and you will sacrifice anyone to win.  Morality does not matter in your world - the rich do.  You tagline, let them eat cake
we deserve better than turtles disguising themselves as people. But here you are
So why are you making things worse?All for the sake of reducing taxes for the wealthy???  You're not trying to fix Health care. For shame!
Disgusting! You want to keep all the benefits that ACA provides the people while cutting us out.
The American people deserve better than Trumpcare and his presidency. Country over party, Impeach.
We deserve better than you and your minions
You should change your @ to pantsonfiremcconnell
The American people deserve better than no governance and no leadership .
The American people need BETTER THAN THE GOP #PAYTOPLAY A$$CLOWNS

Yes we do, so either just vote to get rid of all gov. meddling, or give each lowincomesenior acouple million, then we wont be a burden
Trumpcare as written is inadequate and irresponsible. It MUST be bi-partisan. Work with them DEMS. Give a real win to the citizens..NOT you!
We want Obamacare but we do not want you in our lives. Resign immediately.  UR stability is questionable. past due for retirement. Parasite

Yes a new leader in the senate that has back bone to stand up against the trump leadership # save this country
Hey, Sen. McButt, Like I told Sean, get out now while U can.Take that muffet face of UR's home and stay there.  #EAEWO &'s Wide Open
You sir need to open up the dialogue to committee hearings that all interested parties could attend. Also you need to include Governors!
The American People DO NOT WANT WHAT YOU ARE COOKING and apparently neither do you.  You are exempt? #EatWhatYouBake #GetThemOut
Whom do you think you are fooling?!?!
Tax breaks for the 2% and cutting Medicaid is not the solution!  Gov needs to help people not fuck them which is what the GOP is doing!
GOP will put 24MM uninsured ppl on the street.  Who's going to pay for them when they inevitably go to the ER?  U will with higher premiums!
American People Deserve Better Than Your Offering!!!! Your Health Care Bill needs work. Your a snake in the grass the way that you did it.
The American ppl deserve better than an incompetent Pres and bull-headed Republicans doing nothing. #unacceptable #
So why is Senator McConnell offering is something that is so much worse?
@McConnellPress
Cut the Crap Mitch, your Health Bill is still is a Democrat Socialist plan.

STOP PLAYING GAMES
Total #Repeal
The American people deserve better than the Republican party. Your failure to denounce Trump's misdeeds makes you complicit. For shame!
And we deserve better than this turd you laid too
Root and branch...heard that for 8 years. You have the house, senate, and WH. get it done or get out of the way. Tired of excuses.
But it is apparently NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR CONGRESS? #EatWhatYouBake
Your & @tedcruz health care plan throws over 22M Americans off of their coverage! What did these people ever do to you?
Americans deserve better than reps hiding attacks on our political integrity and put party/power over country. McConnell's legacy is toast.
We deserve better than you and your heartless cronies
Actually we deserve better than the Congress we have. We deserve better than this deathbill. Time for change; real change.  Clean out the..
White House top to bottom.  The stench of swamp is over powering.
fix it. Making it worse isn't the solution. you want to pass something but do the right thing!
Stop trying to replace 1 bad healhcare law w/ another & just REPEAL OBAMACARE. Then state's decided what type of healthcare system they want
Once the states have set up the healthcare systems they want, pass a law letting ppl buy health insurance across state lines.
Real Republicans are for state's rights & decentralizing the Federal government's power not amassing it under one centralized authority.
TRUMPCARE = TAX BREAK FOR THE RICH
Why are u including a huge tax cut for the rich while you are cutting Medicaid. Who needs it more.  The rich or people on Medicaid?
What happens 2 people who buy these skinny plans & have a health crisis that cost a lot more than the plan they bought?
Shame on you! You are a Dem disguised as a Rep.Repeal all of it and start over. You should be ashamed of yourself.Dems are controlling Reps.
We deserve much better than your version of a healthcare bill.  Do the right thing and just fix the A.C.A. & just stop wasting time & tax $
Could you please do a q&a on the subject. I am very interested to hear what your points are regarding ACA vs. Obamacare. Where is my benefit
We deserve better than you a crook manipulator and downtight evil man
We aren't going to get it from u. U r just a criminal in power to screw people. I hope u can sleep well at know u just ducked 23m people
If we deserve better, then get you butt moving and stop talking about it. Just get rid of O-care 
And the ma rket will take care off itself
Its been tried doesnt work because Insurance are just as greedy as GOP if not more so
Stop Healthcare plan to The Government ruling class and see how long it takes them to repeal and replace Obamacare.
@SenatorCollins: Still deep cuts to Medicaid in Senate bill. Will vote no on MTP. Ready to work w/ GOP & Dem colleagues to fix flaws in ACA.
Stop pretending you and GOP aren't purposely obstructing the ACA. Exchanges work in every state that supports them. Only Red States fail.
What you are proposing is worse. The ACA needs to be improved and funding mechanisms replaced. Or, we need universal h/c.
They deserve IMPROVED OBAMACARE. #Trumpcare leaves poor and old out in cold. #McConnellCare = healthy tax breaks for rich.
You are right about that! Drain the swamp!!!  To much government take their job for granted!!!
The people deserve better than you and the traitor Trump clan and McConnell and the rest of you..
Can't get better than Obamacare because they are getting Obamacare--again.
the ACA and the BCRA are both immoral insurance plans in which actuaries weigh patient care cersus profit. #singlepayer
Trump promised: insurance for everybody, make no cuts to Medicaid and make health care a lot less expensive for everyone. Right?
Voters in every poll that counts,elections,expressed their desire to have the right to choose to buy, or not, a product called insurance.
The American people deserve better than YOU.
This is not better than Obamacare- it is much, much worse. SHAME
This bill has nothing to do w/bettering lives of the 98%. The rich don't need tax cuts. Wk w/Dems on fixing what's in place.
Most Americans want improvements. Fixes to ACA can improve mrkt & competition, bringing down $, cont. coverage NOT gut it.
So you will give less - how is that okay
@BarackObama did at least something on healthcare; u r taking it away; repeatedly saying "Obamacare" failure disparaging OBAMA name.STOP IT!
TRUMPCARE/@GOP not covering POOR, ELDERLY. Private Com stop collecting Fed.Taxes & stop paying yr salaries - see how it feels to be like us!
How about the 23 million people who would lose their healthcare?
New @SenateGOP #trumpcare still cuts essential benefit of addiction care during #opioidcrisis. $45B NOT ENOUGH.
If you actually produced better legislation than Obamacare, maybe more than 17% of the people would support it.
#KillTheBill 
#GOPLIES
Motch, the whole world deserves better than your brand of racist tripe, day in day out!

But they don't deserve transparency and a comprehensive bill hammered out by a coalition of Republicans and Democrats.
REPUBLICANS ARE THE ENEMY OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. COMPLICIT CORRUPT GREED. THE PEOPLE ARE WATCHING @GOP PUT PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY AGAIN.
Sure they deserve to die broke
#lies 
Then repeal Obamacare or be the minority party in 2018 and I'll try and make that happen. If no difference in @GOP and Dems then why vote?
