No silencers Ever.  Stop NRA stop automatic weapons in hands of civilians. Do something to help. Stop taking money from NRA. They are buying your support. It must stop.
Stop letting semi autos get into the hands of civilians as well, no semi autos, no ability to convert them to full auto.
I actually agree. I myself see no need for semi auto weapons on the streets. People will be fine with bolt actions to hunt and whatnot.
Exactly my husband is avid deer Hunter he bow hunts and has a gun it is bolt action. He is successful and loves to hunt. This tragedy was horrific. I am so sad that our society has come to this. 
If the ATF had a database of all guns bought, sold and resold they could flag someone buying 27 guns. #KISS #CommonSenseGunControl
What number should we call to find our missing leaders?
Exactly. We have no leaders. We have people who are in power who are for sale to the highest bidder 
Your coddling of, and willful inaction against the #NRA is partially responsible for this. Hope the checks you get from them are worth it.
We don't need anymore thoughts & prayers. We need meaningful gun laws & extensive background checks

We don’t want your thoughts and prayers. We want you to get up off your bought-and-paid-for ass, and actually do something...

Horrible you can not do anything to make it better

.@NRA dumped $922K+ into McConnell's re-elect back in 2014, so all he''ll do is think about gun violence; won't do anything about it https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr/status/914854062427967488 …
Stop accepting money from the NRA, that would be a better step forward Sir!@SenateMajLdr
You and your party should apologize to the American people for trump and this violence he has incited.
No more thoughts! Take action!
your thoughts are worth roughly $1MM from the NRA, right?
#GunControlNow @NRA . You own this.
Your thoughts lack currency.
1. Reject all gun lobby money.
2. Pass meaningful gun legislation.

Save your #thoughtsandprayers.
" I took money from the NRA so actually I don't care"- this dick
Thanks for thinking about it.Keep thinking about your greed and massive donations you've gotten from the NRA.Think about the part you played
How much money do U & your pals collect from gun lobby ? Shooter could have purchased all his weapons at a WalMart per @MalcolmNance @CNN
You all know what you have to do now. NOW.
You have the power; remember that as your colleagues ease restrictions on silencers this week. I'll be watching to see if you side with NRA!
Like you fucking care
One day in hell for every politician for every dollar they take from the NRA.
How about you enact sufficient #GunControlNow instead of lining your pockets with @NRA lobbyist money and offering #thoughtsandprayers
Thankfully, don't need to find missing loved one, but do you have phone number for missing leaders in Senate?
Oh, wait....  I found it: 1-202-224-4041  (Senator Chris "Sit-In" Murphy's number)
@ChrisMurphyCT
Less thoughts and prayers, more ideas and actions. But, hey, by all means, enjoy your check from the NRA.
Was that difficult to tweet with NRA blood money on your hands?
When are you going to care enough to put the blame on lack of gun control laws and the NRA responsible?
What will you as Senate Majority Leader to prevent future gun massacres? Will you take on the gun lobby?
If you don’t #GiveBacktheBloodMoney to the NRA, you are complicit
Step up to the plate and make real change
"Keeping #LasVegas in our thoughts this morning, Oh and keeping @NRA campaign donations in my pocket." There fixed your tweet.
@SenMjrLeader Why are these Military Weapons allowed on the streets? KILL THE SILENCER BILL #PrayForLasVegas This MASACRE didn't have to be
do something about gun laws. Your thoughts mean nothing.
Seriously, when did you begin to care about people?
Fuck you Mitch.  You're bought and paid for by the NRA and we all know it.  Grow a fucking spine, give their money back and DO SOMETHING!!!!
You don't care about AMERICANS. IN MY OPINION, If you did, the @NRA would be considered a terrorist organizations.

Think about this...sensible gun control for assault weapons.
what are you doing to stop white domestic terrorism? what are you doing to prevent mass gun violence?
No one needs "thoughts and prayers" this man had 10 assault rifles in his hotel room.  We need legislative action to stop assuault weapons
Are you going to try to deny long term benefits to victims like you did to 911 first responders? Actions speak louder then words!
This 2A tragedy, once again, proudly brought to you by the @NRA and @GOP .
Maybe you can call that number to find your humanity, sense of decency, your spine or your balls. I hope you catch neck fold cancer. Dick.
You and your fat cat @NRA lobbyist dollars accepting fellow @SenateGOP leaders will talk but do nothing as you're in the NRA's pockets.
Go fuck yourself Mitch. Your state will vote for you again because you let your buds poison the air and water, but your day will come.
This blood on your hands sir as you are owned by the NRA , silencers next I hear, so the noise of murder won't disturb you?  PATHETIC
#SendBackTheBloodMoney you contributed to this shooting by taking the NRA’s money and doing NOTHING to work towards stricter gun laws.
You can shove your "thoughts" up your ass unless you plan to protect Americans instead of protecting the NRA and the blood money you get from them.
Thoughts are meaningless.  You have blood on your hands. A puppet for the @NRA. You want to truly represent the American people? #GunControl
You said “it's too early to talk about gun control at this point.” so we all know you don’t care.
Do you represent your state only? Do you and or the #GOP care about #American people, 90% want #CommonSenseGuns? Do Corp. run the country?
"Leader" GO FUCK YOURSELF
I want laws against owning assault guns! Explain why anyone other than law enforcement needs such weapons!
Those are empty words until you take a path to safeguard people. If you can't protect then step away from your job. Worthless.....
Thoughts do nothing!  Warm tweets do nothing. Prayers do nothing.
SHAME ON YOU for not pushing sane gun control through. Shame on you for not standing up to gun lobby and NRA. You should be ashamed.
When is the time to talk about gun control? Politics is the only way to change laws to try to prevent these shootings in the future.
Thoughts and prayers to your conscience - wait you don't have one. #GunControlNow
Yeah, yeah, "thoughts and prayers."  I THINK the @NRA has bought and paid for your miserable soul. I PRAY you are removed from office soon.
That is rich Senator McConnell. The NRA has spent over $900K on your campaign for reelection in 2014 but ya-send more prayers.
Like you kept the kids at sandy hook in your thoughts?  The kids at VA Tech?  And every other mass shooting? Your thoughts are meaningless.
Your thoughts are silenced by your inaction. You will reap what you sow
Pass sensible GUN CONTROL LAWS. You want to legislate every last aspect of women's health -- why not guns?? WHY NOT GUNS?? WHY NOT GUNS?
I'd really like to know the name of the staffer who stomachs sending your tweets. What a soulless human they must be.
Say something about guns, Mitch. I double dog dare you. #gunlobby
Stop taking money from the #NRA. You pulled this trigger.
Do us a favor Mitch, Put all those thoughts and prayers in YOUR gun... and SUCK ON IT #LASVEGAS
These replies
Did you take money from the @NRA
How about doing your job & protect American citizens from @NRA insanity! No automatic weapons, no large clips/magazines, no silencers!
How much $ have you taken from the NRA? Keep your thoughts and your prayers for yourself and go wash your hands.   There's blood on them.
And how much money did the NRA pour into your campaign over the past decade? Just curious....
And you want to make silencers more freely available so crowds don't even know they're being shot at? Imagine the carnage then.
Dead children at Sandy Hook.  More than 50 dead in LV.  Could you possibly locate your soul and do something about gun control?
FU
How was that NRA money for you? This blood is on your hands!
how about legislation for sensible gun laws.
You took money from NRA & fail to take any meaningful action to stop gun violence. Stuff your meaningless thoughts & DO SOMETHING.
Their Blood is on your hands and all of you in congress who think assault rifles are appropriate weapons in our society
Enjoy counting your blood money while pretending to reflect on the horror of yet another mass shooting.
Fuck you and your thoughts, you useless old man.
#fucktheNRA
"He works in mysterious ways?"
Save it. We don't care about your thoughts. Too little too late. You allowed children to be murdered. Live with that.

How about some common sense gun laws? Now! There was no "good guy with a gun" to save these people. #LasVagasShooting #massacre
GUN CONTROL
Thoughts and prayers are not enough.
"Leader" of nothing. You are the biggest joke of all. You represent everything that is wrong with Washington. NRA money got your tongue?
you are directly responsible for shit like this. i hope you never have another peaceful night of sleep again.
Or, call (202) 224-3121 and tell Congress that we need stricter gun laws. We're sick of your thoughts and prayers McConnell. Time to man up.
How do you sleep at night taking $ from the NRA?
Do something Leader McConnell about the ridiculous availability of weapons in this country.  Be a leader
And plan on passing an okay to use silencers legislation
Screw your thoughts and prayers. Grow a spine & do something. You're a damn senator. Act like it for once. Stand up to the #NRA
Keep your thoughts and prayers. #GunControlNow
But don't call my offices because we won't answer the phone!What the hell do you think your job is, s*cking rich people's d*ck? #constituent
.@NRA dumped $922K+ into McConnell's re-elect back in 2014, so all he''ll do is think about gun violence; won't do anything about it
Americans suffer at the hands of your  inability to do what is right. Health care, budgets and gun control. Put others before your self
Remember when u voted NO on Manchin-Toomey amendment after Sandy Hook massacre? SHAME ON YOU. You have failed us and protected no one.
Inaction with NRA. Inaction with Russian election interference.  What else are you going to do to hurt our country.  Retire and go home
... ? ...? ... waiting for @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan to address gun violence through legislation... .   

Pretty much what I expected...

Save your hypocritical prayers.  You fight any legislation against rational gun control because you're bought and paid for.  This blood is on your hands, so #OwnIt. #WhoPaysYou
No more meaningless thoughts please. We are begging for ACTION. Real tangible, mass shooting preventing action. Begging.
Until you pass comprehensive gun control & get off the NRA payroll your words are empty and meaningless.
Your thoughts aren't helping. Put down the NRA money and DO something.
The blood in vegas is on your corrupt hands!
Your "thoughts and prayers"? that the approved #NRA response to the #LasVegasShooting ? Next you'll tell us #GunControl talk is premature.
I view you and your fellow #GOP colleagues as accomplices. Do you sleep with the #NRA $$ rolled under your pillow? @CNN @nytimes @WAGV
How much has the NRA and gun lobby donated to you? Your thoughts are meaningless.  #BloodOnYourHands #ENABLER #RealGunReformNow #LasVegas
You have blood on your hands, you Mister Magoo looking turd.
Blood on your hands until you vote to enact sensible #guncontrol instead of taking $$ from the NRA!
Your thoughts don’t bring back the hundreds of citizens murdered because you won’t stand up to @NRA and take their money. #GunControlNow
Thoughts and prayers, y'all - thoughts and prayers.
How's the NRA treating you, Mitch? Does posting that phone number assuage your conscience?
Bullshit! Time and time again, you feign shock and sadness when these events occur, yet you have done NOTHING to restrict gun access!
Too bad your thoughts are for victims after the fact but your votes are with the arms suppliers because your morals are in your wallet.

God’s reply to “thoughts and prayers” 
@NRA dumped $922K+ into McConnell's re-elect back in 2014, so all he''ll do is think about gun violence; won't do anything about iT
NRA Bribe money has to go up with each domestic event.  $922k divided by 58=$15,896.55.  That's how much he thinks a human is worth.
Thanks for the thoughts. Could you please tell me more about how scripture informs your leadership to stop this kind of violence?
.@NRA dumped $922K+ into McConnell's re-elect back in 2014, so all he'll do is think about gun violence; won't do anything. #GUNSKill 
I think Congress should go clean up the blood & guts on the ground in LV, wash the bloodied bodies, dig the graves.
We are united against you being in office one moment longer than this term. Cowardice, greed, and inaction when it mattered are your legacy
They don't have health insurance because of you.  Resign
Why would .@SenateMajLdr bite the hand that feeds him, regarding #SensibleGunControl
Stop thinking and praying about this and do something to prevent it. Pass serious gun control!!!  @SenateMajLdr
Suck on your thoughts and prayers. How about gun regulations? Oh, right. You are paid for by the #NRA .
How do you get to be demonic and also a complete fraud at the same time - nice trick - haven't seen that one very often!
How many of those injured are you and complicit #GOP trying to boot off healthcare?
.@SenateMajLdr .@SenateGOP Thoughts insufficient. Stop SHARE act, Hearing Protection Act! Do it today! #DefeattheNRA. Protect citizens
How about voting down the piece of legislation that would allow massacres like this to happen in TOTAL SILENCE?! #nosilencers
The blood of children is on your hands but you don’t give a damn because you’ve managed to make a fast buck off the gun lobby #evil #nra
Your thoughts are shit. As majority leader you could do something about the body count in streets by banning semi automatics for a start
#Nope #Nyet #Non #Nee #Nah Not gonna cut it. You own this buddy. You and all the @GOP that won't fix the #2A for modern times.
What will it take for U to take action. Oh wait U are in the pocket of the @nra. U will keep letting people get murdered for $$ in ur pocket
You and the rest of the NRA backed GOP are the problem. They dont need your thoughts. We need gun control. DO SOMETHING USEFUL
Grab your flintlock, Mitch. The NRA loves you.

You still support all guns all the time? How about legal silencers? NRA wants that.
Fuck this shit, and any Senator or Rep who takes money from the NRA can spend their eternity in Hell on the receiving end of a hellfire gun.

Why don't you actually do something about gun violence in this country? Pro-life party, indeed. 
We've had enough empty thoughts, send them to the NRA. We need action, not thoughts. #GunControlNow
NRA spent almost $1 million to elect you so thanks for your "thoughts".
Blood on your hands once again. Don't know how you look in the mirror. Good luck explaining your lack of a soul at the pearly gates.

To the GOP Congress with there thoughts and prayers

64 yo, WHITE, MALE! There's ur terrorist Mitch. 10 deadly guns in his hotel room. How do u plan to save us from homegrown terrorist/ the NRA
The selling out of America..
I hope you get paid for every death, Mitch! Blood for the Gun God rather than useful action! USA!
They pay you.   Nothing will change, you actually get more money bc of this   Sick!
How about passing stricter gun control laws. Or perhaps provide health insurance that will include mental health services? @SpeakerRyan
Such noble effort;  "pretend" your providing service to your country (public), debate and honor smart gun control legislation!
Thoughts? Why don't u DO SOMETHING instead!
Your party didnt even consider gun control since Sandyhook & they brandished gun in a crowd we know who they support & it's not the people
How about actually DO something about curbing this violence rather than just thinking about it? Thoughts and prayers have done NOTHING.
Senator McConnell, if gun control is not the answer, please tell us what you think should be done? This isn't working. Do you have ideas?
Thoughts and prayers are not enough. We need legislative action to regulate firearms.
How about you give the gun money back and STAND up for people for once. Miserable leadership McConnell,God is watching
KMA
This is just as much your fault as he man who did it. Stand up to @NRA & actually do something good for the county for once
Screw you and the sanctions against russian still not implemented. Thanks traitor McConnell.
"Checks in the mail"-NRA
