Wonderful!! Am looking forward to the huuuuge tax savings I will get.  Over $5,000 do you think?  No?  $5.  WTF

We're NOT helpless. Here are some measures most Americans support that could help stop future mass shootings. Pass it on. (h/t @sangerkatz) 
Don't act like you know what pockets are turtle man. 
We are not fooled by your human costume
You are so disingenuous!You know that this is a rich person's tax cut NOT an "everyday American's" tax cut!Stop lying!!
All words!!
Then after the government gave GE all that money GE Fired 60,000 workers and laid off 300 more the Following month.
How does ending the estate tax put $$ in pockets of lower and middle class and also where is the @potus tax returns?
A lot of famlies have assets in land, not dollars. The estate tax is double taxation as taxes have been paid on land and money.
Then couldn't land be exempted w/o doing away with the tax itself? I think it is misleading to say this is going to help the middle class
I worked with a lot of garages small businesses plumbing etc. they get hurt bad with estate taxes. They are not wealthy.
Loser. Liar.
Not confident that will ever happen.  We have the best government money can buy. Too bad the dollar is so weak.
So pass it - for everyone.
why do you keep lying
BULLSHIT, IT'S YOUR POCKET YOU CARE ABOUT, NOT MINE.
You mean helping rich Americans keep their money right?
Only if your a millionaire++. The working class will keep the Country running for four more years.Great job Senater....
McConnell from KY; U got elected by telling lies; some day, maybe 50 years, the people in KY will get educated and know not to vote for GOP.
Piss down economics has never worked. You are a liar when you present legislation suggesting that it will. Rich don't need tax cuts.
Which Americans?   When do we get a better Education? Better roads?  Better anything coming?  Oh well
good luck with that turtle head! Watch this video and look at those obscene gestures by Ryan in your rear - you see why tribal TR is doomed!
I've heard that lie before from all of you in GOP Government

How do U post pics?
The money and the pockets belong to two different people.
Why is it that people who work hard do not make as much as those with easy jobs
More like helping your friends keep more...
Trickle down economics didn't work the last 2 x's. The Rich just get richer. GOP is lying about tax reform just like health care. Liars!
Go , Mr President, we are at your back 
You’re Trickle Down economics didn’t work in the 80s it didn’t work in 2003,or 2008 it crashed our economy both times! #NoTaxReform! @GOP
Which by the way corporations don’t pay their fair share now! Smh  and GE Paid a -1.7% last year and got $3 billion dollars from our $$$
Bull shit! More lies!!! Smh  it’s a tax break for the rich! And a way for billionaires to pay less corporate tax.
Besides the 1% and corporations, how are you going to balance this lie with how you've ransacked the ACA and sabotaged the DACA kids?  Shame
you fucking liar
The GOP has quickly become the Party of the elites and will pay come 2018! 8 seats lost so far in special elections -more to come!
You've been so easily fooled.
https://www.google.com/amp/thefreethoughtproject.com/barack-obama-successfully-rich-richer/amp/ …
I'm sorry, but you R not very bright or a GOP liar. Mr Obama saved us from a depression brought on by republican, Bush, policies; now apolog

WARNING: REPUBS ARE LIARS!
Real Time with Bill Maher: Did i Just Shits My Self (HBO) New Rules | Se... https://youtu.be/1Otps771SsQ  via @YouTube
Nlo--you want to keep it in your pocket and that of your donors.  This harms real people and generations to come.
Oh Mitch, the  is out of the bag that U can't stand POTUS and U will do anything 2 DERAIL him.. so plz tell me who U R spewing these LIES 2
It is apparently not for the middle class.

Repealing Obamacare would do that to you RINO TRAITOR
LIAR
That's great!!! But we'll believe it when it gets passed because you cant seem to get anything done....
Mitch, I hope you can get this done!! You really need to step it up. If you can't lead and get things done in the Senate, step aside.

LIAR you'll never sign it into law - you lied for 7 years about healthcare what makes you think taxes are on your agenda?
We don't want it. Cut the Military Budget and Give us what we need, Living Wages and Full National Health.

Hurry
Liar!!
I wish. Not apparent from the prelims. I get the corporate tax cut but why raise the lowest bracket and lower the highest?
U r a traitor Mitch.UNEVER PLANNED  ON REPEALING OCARE,U COUNTED ON Killery winning,u old crook.
The problem Mitch,is ur actions r opposite of ur words.Ur no better than Harry Reid.Get @POTUS agenda passed or the ppl will  vote u OUT!
I pray this will actually happen ,, getting the government out of my purse !!!!
Your proposing on an increase in tax for the poorest American citizen. Despicable.
Call it what it is " Tax Cut for The Rich": watch it trickle down?? It is a joke on the average working person.
Do the tax breaks affect all the illegal immigrants who pay taxes each year? Or is this the way you will round them up?
What about Medicare, Social Security, education, health care? Eh? I didn't hear you? Oh, billionaires & corporations? Oh, I see.
Hahaha, yeah right. Don't believe a word that cometh from the mouth of you or any other lawyer.
If that's true right a trickle up plan.  No pretending like regular Americans will benefit.  Trickle down has never worked.
RSC chairman: McConnell should call it a career
Hey Mitch, How is it you all don't have time to fix this mess but you have plenty of time to Tweet crap we already know. Get it Done!
Yeah, you say it out loud but what will you do behind the scenes. You need to step down from the leadership
GIVE ME A BREAK! DO YOU KNOW MATH! #LYINGSOB'S
You are such a liar, worse than @realDonaldTrump sometimes. You plan to screw over the middle class again.
It's not tax reform, it's tax cuts for the 1% . Nothing for trumps beloved base of puppets!
Then you should RAISE rates on the wealthy & LOWER them for working class, not the other way around, as your plan does.
And by that the #currupt @busgetgop means only billionarea can keep kore of their money. So much for fiscal responsibility #gop #taxreform
@GOP 
WHY:
Small biz creates most jobs-5% MORE tax than Biz Biz?
Pocket $-WHY remove ind exemp? RAISES MC & POOR TAXES
THIS IS RICH BILL
SAD
Snake oil! It will cost us approximately $21 trillion increase deficit and run risk of higher interest rates and lower GDP growth rate.

Trump's tax plan is an absolute disaster. Here's why: 
Bull hockey.  TAX cuts for the wealthy.  Corporate welfare.  Robbing the poor.   Trump has you in his pocket.  SHAME on the GOP.
Good jobs? They are being automated and minimum wages are unable to live on. Please get real and stop the BS tax reform.
the upper 1% u mean, tell the truth. The poor's taxes increases 2%. so u can give the rich Koch brothers 4.6%. your bought & paid 4 pos.  RT
And so it should be. Most of us are getting tired of taxation without representation. You know like ACA, DACA, and now the proposal of 1Pay,
Get it done and stop calling it "reform" and call it TAX CUTS! "Reform" always messes everything up! TAX CUTS are what we need! MAGA!
Bullshit - money for millionaires and billionaires is all this shit is
I still don't trust you.  Why do you not mention to lower government spending??   SPENT LESS.  !!!    SPEND LESS.         REDUCE SPENDING
How are you paying for it, Mitch? No one believes the GOP gives a damn about hard-working Americans. The rich 1%, yes. Rest of us? Nope.
Your bill takes money from my pocket and puts it in the pockets of people like donald trump. This is not right. We will not allow it
Stop lying. You're only giving breaks to rich. Lies lies lies
Half truths and lies. A tax break in the trillions for the wealthy and corporations. They . Do. Not. Need. This.
How can you call this tax reform? This is a tax cut for your buddies @KochIndustries. This raises the bottom rate. Have you no shame?
Stop voting for the left!
Small minded
Fixed it for you: ‘Helping rich Americans keep more of their money in their pockets is the goal of #taxreform.’
Bull
Tax reform is FairTax.  Please look at S18.
Then why are you reducing the estate tax? Who is that for? Trump's children stand to benefit the most from that, not us.
Wrong. Your goal is to help the wealthy while tossing peanuts to the rest of us because U think we're not intelligent enough to comprehend
Looks all the Dems are following Republicans? All the tweets are from Dems or more paid protesters!! 
So I guess the @SenateGOP will talk about Tax Reform for months or even years, and in the end do nothing to get it done?!? Nothing but words
Which Americans
We are not stupid. Stop it. You have zero credibility.  You have repeatedly lied about how good healthcare is. It turns to be crap.
You think we suddenly believe you on this?
Mitch McConnell is so full of shit he stinks.
Get the job done CORRUPT POLITICIANS
As long as you are rich right turtle face?
When can we see Trump taxes?
You mean those hard working rich white folks?
No you want huge tax cuts for rich so poor get poorer & rich get richer. This is a tax cut for Trump & company. Hope u get voted out!
Fake MSM talks about poor not get tax cuts when they pay zero Federal Taxes (part of 50%); Don't get their Fake Interpretation--GAO/Cong Rds
Saying the things you want to hear and then doing nothing about it
SNEAKY  LIAR
@SenateMajLdr   replaceable & it will happen.
Are you going to do anything about the payroll tax? Why is The GOP Congress raising the low bracket from 10 % to 12 %  ......tax increase!
Then why lower corporate taxes by 15% but only individual middle income tax bracket by 1%?

The most recent lie from a practiced liar. Your #TaxReform is another giveaway to your rich donors. http://billmoyers.com/2014/09/11/a-wealthy-capitalist-on-why-money-doesnt-trickle-down …
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH
Stop the lies Mitch.
All Americans? Or only some ? #TaxReform
LIAR
no it isn't. your goal is keeping your job at the expense of working America cause the mercer/Koch monster must be fed
Pants on fire!
Actions speak louder than words.
#liar
Hahaha OMG that's SO hilarious #TaxcutsForTheRich

GOP congress is full of smirking, lying, greedy, evil little men. You really are not fooling anyone with your so called tax reform
You are such a liar. You have no plan to help most Americans keep more of their money. You plan on giving tax breaks to the wealthy, you lie
Especially the filthy rich that finesse their way out of paying anyway I.E. trump
Where are the numbers Senator? This is going to health care redux and the beginning of the end of your leadership.
.@SenateMajLdr SO TRUE! Those hedge fund managers make sure their Billionaire clients' money is working JUST this side of legal - NOT EASY!
By the time you get anything done,Hell will Freeze over
Won't work.
I didn't know the very wealthy worked hard
what a crock
Please retire.
I'm sure you will do whatever it takes to SCREW IT UP MITCH.
The rich will get richer.
RICH MURKANS!
*corporations
Repealing Obamacare would have helped me keep a bunch of my own money. Why can't the @GOP keep it's promises? @SenJohnMcCain a liar.
True. The Walton Family (Walmart) will get to keep an additional $50B while mid class will get zilch and working poor less. Typ REP POL.
What an incredibly insightful intellectual and astute analysis.  How long did you ponder that one panderer?
Robber barons win with tax reform...
WHAT ABOUT MY SOCIAL SECURITY?
You are lying! We are not stupid!  We see what GOP is doing.  Never been for the people.
Windfall for billionaires and crumbs for the middle class.  GOP at its best.
POTUS I think its time to sit down with Mitch & change the voting rules in the senate so we can get the agenda passed. please read this
Do you seriously think people are stupid enough to fall for this one?  Oh Wait.... there is #NotMyPresident I guess you are right.  
Keeping it in our pockets or yours? We would kinda like that one in writing... oh and actually passed!!!
Such Bull shot. How do you sleep at night?
Sorry, Mitch, you are trying to actually help your donors keep more of their unearned money!
Cute graphics, same old ugly lies.
All @GOP tax reform is is a tax break for the rich and an increase from 10% to 12% for the lowest wage earners
Helping rich screw America is your only care stop lying to us turtle face
Make it happen McConnell or you've got to go!!!!!
Resign you fascist.
...says the shill for large & mid-market corporations.
Helping RICH Americans keep more of their not hard earned money in their Cayman/Swiss bank accounts, I think you mean.
#lie  #LIE we the people can read.. bare faced lie
Uh oh, you’re still there.  Looks like another grand failure on the horizon
What a liar
We want real truths and bottom lines. We all don't choose ignorance.
Get this one done
Then why does your plan effectively raise taxes on the middle class? You eliminate many common middle class tax deductions.
Just go back into your shell.
Too bad you're only helping those who don't actually need extra money in their pockets. Stop the bs & the tax breaks for only the rich.

#TrumpGOP rewards Trump voters with tax reform plan: 
Yeah the tip 1 per cent
Standard practice for Ryan and Mitch to lie and coverup the the garbage they present to their people. We see through it.
No, you are trying to give more money to Greedy Rich, who did not even start a Convenience Store! Good Rich Warren Buffet don't want Tax cut
Liar, Liar pants on fire. I trust you as much at UofL trusts #Pitino The rich will be getting richer and the middle class and poor, poorer.
No tax bill till trump releases his tax
And by "Americans" you mean uber-rich. Release every Trump Tax Return & then we'll talk about "reform" #Profiteer
We would like to see Trump's taxes first!
cuts for the rich
Liar!!!!!!!!
Not governing under a goal of eventually balancing the budget is unsustainable and well...not governing
W/the tax deductions you're getting rid of I'd like to know how that's going to work. I understand the rich won't have to pay Estate Tax.
I call bullshit...how the hell is it a tax break when you just approved a $700 billion dollar budget for false flagged wars of aggression?
U politician's  paid Billions To Build NFL Play Room. Senate had to approve it R can any just write a check so long as there somethin  for U
Really Mitch? Prove it. Stop hating Trump.
This is trickle down economics in which the wealthy get the biggest break and poor will have to pay more. This bill is not good.
So the low earners and poor can have even less. Gotta help those rich donors, don't ya know!? Oh, and voters will buy anything, right?
1st thing you need to do is make sure gov can pay money for #hurricanerelief rather than cutting taxes & healthcare!
Great framework, but will fail when the crap gets hung on it.
