It is time that Rebubicans unite and support the POTUS that Americans voted for.  Be courageous!
ah americans voted for clinton. rump lies to you
Not enough or she would be @potus not first runner up.
3 million votes isnt enough-  rumps gotten to uyou too huh? the electoral college needs some work. russia is happy though-they bought it
EC works as supposed to.  So every state votes for their citizens.  We are not one state, we are 50.  Coastal views do not speak for me.
historically ALL countries ar populated near the coasts-trade,work, resources. CA has the GDP of 2.488 TRILLION. 6th largest econ in world
Still doesn't mean heavily populated states should be able to control elections.  Reality is EC is brilliant.
States w/50,000 ppl shouldn't get the same wt as states w/millions of ppl. That is just ridiculous in 2016. EC should change or be gone.
Dems used Garland to prove a point on repub obstructionism and figured Hill was a lock.. Russia kicked them in the D by getting DJT elected



Like you said, a Pres shouldnt appoint a justice in his final yr. Works here too. #TrumpRussia 

Or just appoint Garland like ya should've.
#Delusional people keep telling themselves about this dream that will not be reality.  If something was to be found #DirtyRice would have.
Yeah.... except its been found he hasnt divested from his businesses. Once his financials are disclosed, then check back in Julia.
Will see.  That's something he offered to do, not Constitutionally required, infact excluded from it. Issue of true for 2020 not impeachment
Jessica, if his businesses( & him) are gaining money from foreign governments then its the emoluments clause. Grounds for eviction Jackie.
Face it, you started this problem. Merrick Garland should have had a hearing, but you ignored the constitution, the People and your job.
#GOP The people didn't 'legislate' Trump to pick SCOTUS nominee in 2016 election, #Russia did.  #holdthefloor #Russiagate
Merrick Garland!!!!  Use Nuclear option, but remember what will happen if we flip the house!!!
Nope. You should have at least given Mr. Garland an up or down vote. Everyone, left and right, have played a role in how we got here. Own it
We know your pass 8 years who do you think your fooling? No one ypos
This will be a true test of whether the GOP is serious about finding bipartisan solutions. Let the vote stand and do not use Nuclear option!
@realDonaldTrump Give Dems Garland as an olive branch and start unifying our Country instead of tearing it apart!
A President may not nominate in his last year in office...
#MerrickGarland
This #SCOTUS nomination is the latest escalation of the Right's never ending judicial war against anyone not rich, white, christian, & male
You literally left the seat empty for a year because you're a racist sociopath AND you tried to do the same to several lower federal courts.
Judicial war? That was you. Stop projecting already. You "won" and America LOST HUGELY. Congrats, I guess.
Using the nuclear option to approve Gorsuch is wrong & will change the senate forever.Just recall this action when Dems are in control again
Moderate here, and you are getting what you gave. What's your defense for not allowing Merrick Garland's confirmation? #gorsuch
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
#confirmGorsuch this is why Rs won their seats this year
#Garland #hypocrite #phony
McConnell is history in the making your fired
Merrick Garland.
You, sir, will go down in as one of the worst, most unpatriotic,  elected officials in American history. #TheResistance #Gorsuch #SCOTUS
Gone forever, oh my bad he has them in his chin.
Hey when is term up, you are on our list. Well past time to vote you out.Adios
You are the one that is driving a wedge between parties and forcing this horrible situation. You will FOREVER be the one America blames
I wouldn't be surprised if you were getting back channel payments from Putin. You hate your constituents but love big $$$$$$$ donors.
RT- You're right. Don't vote on it! @SenateGOP Get a new nomination. Wow you are a lying bag of wind, aren't you?
You are the most hypocritical turtle in history 
This is fallout from YOUR decision to ignore Senate norms and deny a qualified nominee so much as a hearing. Own it. History won't forget.
Look in the mirror. You are on the wrong side of history here, and you're firmly staking your place.
You wanna see your political career go down? Just go nuclear and see...
Listen to yourself! Hello! Merrick garland?
Don't sell yourself short!  Your own obstructionist actions/agenda put you WAY out ahead of Dems.
You continue to dishonor your position. Please step down and make way for a patriot.

Do you completely forget how you have behaved right up until January 2017????
The AUDACITY of this dope! The legacy for this head of a traitorous @SenateGOP snake is one of the most shameful in U.S. history.
They are not immune to being voted out of office - Everyone do your homework, write letters, call representatives and ALWAYS VOTE!
Lolz
GARLAND. MERRICK GARLAND. MERRICK GARLAND. MERRICK GARLAND. MERRICK GARLAND.
#Hypocritesayswhat
No lifetime appts for a president under FBI investigation. McConnell #hypocrite must be removed from office.. #impeachTrump #TrumpRussia
@SenateMajLdr you're a traitor. You're taking a sledge hammer to democracy. How do you sleep at night?
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland #hypocrite
DT endorsed Le Pen is sickening. He is destructive to the world.
What is audacious is your balls and your refusal to even consider Merrick Garland. Memories are long, payback is coming. #NuclearOption
I'm quite sure if DEMS were in majority and their Prez was under investigaton for possible TREASON, GOP wouldn't be OK with SC picks.
This SCOTUS nomination is the latest in the Right's never ending War on Women.
You came to this conclusion before or after you refused to meet Merrick Garland?
You need to tone down the dyspepsia, senator, you're going to look foolish when you remember the name #MerrickGarland
Yyoy
You started this by blocking Obama's policies. You want a far right judge to promote your conservative agenda. Wealthy yes. Poor no.
Actually, your refusal to hold hearings for #Merrick Garland takes that position + yr Pres is under investigation. Not good time for appt.
We feel you knew DT was in bed with the Russians and you looked away
#stolenseat Your indignation is outrageous.   That judicial seat should have been filled over a year ago. Horrible little man.
Hard to imagine anything more hypocritical than this.  You are a man without morals.
You have a short memory
You will be forever remembered as the most shameful representative ever elected. Corrosion of the court is your legacy.

We are not left. We are caring, honest human beings. We love America. You have destroyed our Congress. #obstruction and deceit
Refusing Garland hearing was unprecedented. Scalia vacancy was the longest since 1869, when Congress set the number of justices at nine.
Lying hypocrite.  History will remember you as a traitor and fool.
.@SenateMajLdr retire
He can't. His wife won't let him.
His wife getting the Theon Greyjoy treatment. Do as I say bc your wife is in my cabinet. He prob got dirt of them too
Oh damn that's a mental image I'll never be able to scrub off!  Damn you! 
Lol, at least Mitch can finally smile when he receives his wife's penis in the mail, can go back to having the bigger penis of the 2
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garl
but it was okay when you did it? How come every time the left does something the right did, you get all righteous? #hypocrite
Repeat after me: Merrick Garland.
You are ruining this country
Go fuck yourself 

You are an embarrassment to our country.
This is the USA! We will not forget what you've done!
And what would you call your refusal to give merrick garland a hearing?
#Hypocrisy
You filibustered many Obama nominees
You refused to give Garland a hearing
You gave SCOTUS seat to nominee of illegitimate POTUS
Whine more, govern less. the GOP mantra, hard at work here.
How nice that you have finally admitted your actions on #SCOTUS Garland. I agree it was audacious of you. Thanks for finally sharing.
Remember Merrick Garland, racist old man Addison Turtle? Remember he didnt even get a hearing bc he was nominated by the black man?
Audacious is refusing to meet with or hold a confirmation for Garland, you feckless turtle faced fool.
You are maybe the biggest hypocrite in American political history, and that's a tough title to hold. You are bad for America.
This is not a war. This is our country. Our home. Stop acting like the Democrats are your enemy, and do your job (hint: this isn't it).
What is wrong with you? How do you get through the day w/o chocking on ur hypocrisy? When will country matter > party? I weep for USA.
Your cheating ways on @SCOTUS will bring you down. You are the next criminal domino in the sleazy @GOP to fall. Garland must be confirmed.
<<---  This has to be a parody account.  Too hyperbolic to be real.
Mitch, you are not a patriot but a power hungry clown! I hope ur still around when comes back to bite the Rs in the ass!!!
You are an embarrassment to your constituency and this country! @SenateGOP @SenateDems #TownHall #SCOTUS #GorsuchHearing #Gorsuchfilibuster
Replying to @chuckschumer
You are an embarrassment to your constituency and this country! @SenateDems #TownHall #GorsuchHearing
Sir, you don't give sh*t. This is about the victory lap you will take after tomorrow. The Hannity's and O'Reilly's will praise you. Assh*le.
Have you heard of Garland..? Hypocrite.
Don't let them do this! Stand up to those vile people! Due it for the American hardworking people who voted for @realDonaldTrump  Go NUCLEAR
Merrick. Garland.
It seems to me that you escalated this, not the Democrats. Does the name "Merrick Garland" ring a bell?
McCain called you a fucking idiot.
... with his typical knack for understatement.
Maybe you should have considered that when you chose to not even hold a HEARING for Merrick Garland? You are the epitome of hypocrisy.
Your failure to perform your job of 'advise & consent' on Garland was 1st audacious action, & IT cannot stand! #resist
ur failure to put country over party makes u complicit in trying to pass off judge from @POTUS under investigation. #resist
So when it's confirmed Trump is a Putin puppet, will you then understand why DEMs tried to block his SCOTUS picks? #TrumpRussia
You're kidding, right? #MerrickGarland
Why do you lie?
Your hipocrisy is both profound and disgusting. History will lay bare your gross disingenuousness.
how do u think u represent any1 with a approval rating lower than your russian president.TRAITOR #resist #Trumprussia vote the GOP OUT
Merrick Garland.
Remember when you guys wouldn't allow the last president to nominate a supreme court justice? For presumably some non audacious reason?
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick
This from the useless waddle-neck hypocrite!!
You started it and now you're whining #MerrickGarland
Words matter and billions remember.  #TheResistance
Oh, stop it. 79 noms held up by @GOP during Obama admin, lower courts so understaffed that they were struggling to function.
it's still very hard for you to swallow the very things you did over the past 8 yrs. This, Sir is called Karma! Stop blaming!
Your hypocrisy is what can not stand. Yr statue is in the obstruction hall of fame. Killing the filibuster will be yr legacy.
History will not be kind to you.

#karma
How do you sleep at night with all the hypocrisy and lies?  Serious question.
How easily u forget Garland? Or cockblocking every single thing Obama tried to do over 8 years? Oh but that's different right?
You use nuclear option and we will vote EVERYONE OF YOU OUT. How dare you change a 230 yr rule. SHAMEFUL.
Who is this "we" you are speaking for!
Oh, please. We are smarter than you think. We know better.
MERRICK GARLAND, sir, MERRICK GARLAND. Do not speak to me about “judicial war.”
You can't build anything so might as well see if your good at breaking stuff. History will not be kind to Congress during you tenure.
One word: Garland
You are to blame. Your behavior created this. Merrick Garland. You declared war on the rule of law.
You wouldn't even do you damn job to advise and consent Merrick Garland for no other reason than he was nominated by our 1st black president
Trump is under CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION!  WE SHOULD NOMINATE NO ONE UNTIL WE FIGURE OUT WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON!
Such bullshit. You can give it but not take it. What cannot, should not, stand is YOU in your position. Not real popular in Ky these days
Merrick. Fucking. Garland.
Such a hypocrite! What about the disrespect you showed to Merrick Garland?
Hypocrite.
 #2018 here we come!  Bye bye!  Wait till the democrats get to copy you!  
Says the one who promise to stop a black president to block everyone of his policies. You should be shame of urself.Enjoy while you can.
Have you no shame?  You and the GOP will live in infamy.
The senators voting against Gorsuch represent the majority of Americans. Why are you violating the will of the American people?
This from. the man who blocked Garland.
Do shut up
Merrick Garland
And what would you call yourself then when you led your party to block 59 fed judge nominations AND denied Garland a hearing
#HIPPOCRITE
So, um, we are supposed to pretend the whole #MerrickGarland thing never happened?
What goes around... 
Sally Yates for Ginsburg and Obama for Thomas.
Just wait.
upon your miserable and very painful deathbed, your 9 doctors convene on whether to save you. Its 4 to 4 votes, the 5th votes to unplug you
Are you insane?  Seriously, I'm asking.
Hypocrite much? Remember Garland?
I'd respect you more if you were honest and said "I am doing this because I don't like democrats". The righteous indignation is getting old
Both parties haven't always put country 1st, but this statement isn't just hypocritical, its delusional.
Says the guy who should hang his head in shame b/c of petty, partisan obstructionist actions for the past 8 years.  KY is watching you
You reap what you sow.
Can you say 644 @GOP cloture counts against Obama in 8 years?? Compared to 130 by @TheDemocrats in 8 years of Bush?
Ask Garland what he thinks about this, you are no ones "leader" sir.
Comically hypocritical is right.
Doesn't have to do with being left or right. You and the rest are traitors to the Constitution of the United States. #Impeach45
#RememberGarland
#GetBent

Judge Garland begs to differ, big guy.
He is the reason we need term limits. This old turkey has got to go.
We have real concerns about Russia placing puppets in out @Scotus. #gorsuch very much seems to fit the Russian agenda.
The left has been using the courts as legislators for years and by doing so they have undermined the constitution. Do something about that.

