You're not in any http://business.You  are elected official and we are your boss.Something you frequently seem to forget.
outcome for corporations or for people?
You won in '14 w/ the lowest voter support for a KY U.S. Senator in a primary since 1938.  You are even less popular today.
in that case, pass tax reform before the August recess instead of fighting the President or you maybe the minority leader.
and remember the President will build our wall and yes, Mexico will pay for it.  Your remwere deplorable, Mr. McConnell
you're in the self service business. You only care about partisan politics, regardless of whether it's for the greater good.
You're in the obstruction business.
You're in the business of building your own wealth and ignoring the needs of your constituents.Please stop lying.
Seems like your salary outcome my pocket.
NO, the obstructionist, greedy, selfish, get rich for yourself business, mitch.
BooHiss!
My health cost go up 5x now!
#resist
All you and your swamp mates have done over the past decade - obstruct. No tax plan, no health care plan, nothing constructive
@McConnellPress #Republicare Not In The People Business @McConnellPress @SenateFloor @HouseFloor @politico ICYMI #ProfitB4PPl
@BillKristol @MaxBoot Sen McConnell, Any detente on Trump's part toward Putin/Russia would be pointless capitulation, Oppose!
Your OUTCOME had better be putting the American people FIRST, NOT the lobbyists or your big donors! NO SOCIALIZED MEDICINE!
Pls Senator. ACA is not health care. It's a giant new welfare program. Who's on it?? Kill it. Put ALL welfare under 1 umbrella
If you're in the outcome business, why are you trying to destroy the #ACA which has insured 20 million Americans? #Trumpcare

Who did this? Nice job with the graphics!
R U really serious ???
as in "in walks a Russian and out comes your checkbook"?
60 million uninsured, blacklisting preexisting conditions and premiums that START at $25k.. SOUNDS like a disaster to me.
@speakerryan @GOP ~ Voters know that your abuse of authority is empowering the crime of #RussiaGate #PayToPlay #Tyranny Pls.RT
Here predictable outcomes: Trump will be impeached, you & others of your ilk will not be re-elected, GOP party in shambles.
turtle bs
TRUMPcare outcome will hurt MANY Kentucky constituents. Don't deliver a disaster!
Curious: Flynn destroyed over Russia contacts, but Obama's DOJ spying on Americans and leaking info in press about OK? What are u thinking?
we do not need to find building a wall!
if the outcome is making your rich donors richer then you're in business. You're a disgrace.
youre in the line your pockets & screw anyone else business. you, sir, are an old hat at that #PeopleBeforeProfit #TermLimits
you're in the destroying the country business.
yep y'all all coming OUT
And in the business of destroying Democracy.  Is that your definition of winning and being in control?
DOA Healthcare reform. 
Do you have better outcomes? The first ones have SUCKED
lol. Obstructionism and/or really bad outcomes! What a jokester.
You're in the business of getting as much for you and your wife as possible. #profiteeringhypocrite
The outcome better be implementing @realDonaldTrump tax plan by August or don't come back from recess!
Mexico won't pay for the wall.  Trumpcare is DOA.  The travel ban is unconstitutional.  What outcomes!
you're in the "I'm taking my ball and going home" business. t(^_^t)
you are in office because you fooled enough people to think that you would make this a better place for them. #TermLimits liar
tax. Reform now Mr Rhino
You didn't say what kind of outcome. Like the negative impact #Trumpcare will have on elderly, kids, etc All but wealthy. Ass!
Except for medical outcomes. It's obvious you don't care about those, right?
no u r in the business of screwing over Americans,colluding w/Russia &traitors, making rich richer. U &GOP r getting voted out
Yeah, Trump and the GOP in congress open their mouths and "out come" things that are total bullshit...
@McConnellPress Once RINOS are all talk & no Action. WE WANT TAX CUTS & BULIT THE WALL
Health COSTS for Individuals should be SAME as 'groups" or its UNFAIR for US! Transportability easy too! Collusion ELSEWHERE!
And the president is in the treason business. When are you going to do something about it?
.@SenateMajLdr  Even when outcome is millions of Americans lose health care coverage.  #TrumpCare will be painful for individuals & economy
In the business of taking away healthcare from everyday Americans so that you can reward your rich friends.
extra crispy chicken shit today
but your outcomes only benefit the rich.
KKK
I agree, screw your base, make the rich richer, make the poor poorer and sicker. Hate most Americans. Way to go GOP leader.
@McConnellPress That's such a lie. Your an obstructionist! You're more concerned w/winning than the American people. #Sheep
McConnell is full of outcome
Also The "Screw the Working Americans and poor " outcome business. Help our friends the Insurance Business outcome business .
McConnell, you're in the ass hole group.
not only the good or bad outcome business but also the shameful, disastrous and cruel outcome business.
The only outcome is your unemployment
I appreciate the years of service. Now is the time to regain or republic. You and Secretary Chow can overcome the buracracy.
UR for big business ONLY! Not for the 99%. Shame!
you are in the Mitch McConnell business
Biggest Liar in Washington. You've been on vacation-in the obstruction business-for the last 7 years! Get your behind to work.
.  What did @SenateMajLdr know and when did he know it?
YOU Better care about getting the Russia lovers OUT of our govt!!  CALL 4 INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION into RUSSIA/trump NOW!!!
I guess the ends justify the means! Congratulations!
@HouseGOP @mike_pence @Reince @seanspicer "your puppet @realDonaldTrump "
i hope you become a victim of your own legislation. Traitor and liar
As in out comes the fake news, out comes the lies, out comes the pretend governing, and out comes the stupid. Sad.
LOL, nice outcomes: bluster and hot air, while the people suffer the consequences of bad GOP ideas that make the poor suffer.
TRUMPNOCARE = DEATH PANELS  #GOPMURDERS
seems like you would wait for CBO study if this was the case.
What's the outcome of the Russia investigation?
negative outcome
You are awful!
You're in BUSINESS, that's for sure. What happened to being a PUBLIC SERVANT?
Oh, boy. I have a feeling business isn't going great.
Fraudulent turtle. Go away already.  You're in the business of hurting people.
no, u are in the death panel business.
No, you're a Republican Senator who serves We the People. Well for a little longer anyway. #ShePersisted
you're in the  "f*** America" business
No you are in the Out Going Business! You will be Voted out next Election! America Hates you! Twitch McTurtle!
Hey Mitch when are you going to retire to the old folks home?
The outcome of taking away your constituents' medical care?
Why do feel everyone is as fucking stupid & gullible as Kentucky voters @SenateMajLdr #MakeRussiaGreatAgain #TheSouthLostForAReason #tcot
when you pass Trumpcare, the "outcome" will be millions of people losing coverage and the rich getting big tax cuts.
you must be getting exhausted cause you have been doing more in the last 45 days then you did the last 8 years
Как насчет всего этого российского бизнеса?
you are in the rich get richer business.
@McConnellPress no ur in get rich squash the poor annihilate ur opposition
apparently you're in the make poor people sick business. Your health plan sucks...maybe try thinking before you act.
Outcome? To concentrate wealth in your friends' hands?
Bad outcomes 4 working people and Excellent outcomes for corporations.We have seen your playbook. PartyB4countyprofitsB4people
and the outcome will be that @GOP colluded with Putin
WRONG, you're in the rotten ugly obstruction & partisan politics business. Does your wife like working for @realDonaldTrump?
you make me laugh. Thanks for the laugh.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Dear Sir you haven't had an outcome in 8 yrs ...lets be careful that you don't derail our healthcare fix ACA don't repeal
support a crazy,an...outcome your people lose insurance  and wife gets a sweeeeet job

- no, you're in the screw the USA business.  Jerk
non-partisan Congressional Budget Office review needed. how many Americans will lose coverage? Outcome of  #TrumpCareFail ?
So! Come out already. Always knew you were holding something back
As in protecting ur own outcomes, ur own business, above all others, above the people u 'represent'–worst GOP rep in #history?
Trumpcare will hurt DTs fans the most! @gop doesn't care about Americans' health.  REPEAL YOUR HEALTHCARE! @potus @GOPLeader
In that disaster is an outcome, yes.
Oh good lord. Since when has the party been about results under your leadership? Seriously. I am incredulous. Is it possible you believe it?
If the outcome is treason/ Republicans win!
BOOM. Roger Stone was in contact w/ Guccifer 2.0 in the months before election day, according to the Smoking Gun. 
http://thesmokinggun.com/documents/investigation/roger-stone-and-guccifer-913684 … 
@McConnellPress the outcome is YOUR DESTROYING OUR EARTH.  Selfish greedy Koch Bro $$$ lover.
an outcome that hurts your constitutes.
This is a historic moment in time for the republican party Please get health care bill right for America God bless you, sir
you most certainly are... totally crap outcomes for nearly all Americans
try better health outcomes, start with your own state
what outcome would that be?
you're in the business to protect your citizens. Disclose trumps Russian ties give us his taxes. Russian espionage never
you're in the killing business. And business is good.
you're in the every man for himself business.
you're in the obstructionist business.
you mean income, for the rich, don't you
As long as the outcome is favorable to you and your cronies.

DT advisor Roger Stone in direct contact with Russian hacker Guccifer 2.0. The smoke is starting to become fire. #TrumpRussia
GOP has less chance fixing health care than fire has fixing ice! U dont have the tools, leave HC to those qualified. ACA stays
if by outcome you mean doing harm to ordinary Americans, then I agree.  You and @GOP are very bad for America #GOPLies
@McConnellPress @SenateMajLdr please ask senator Nelson what he thinks of Obamacare in preparation for 2018 ekection
@McConnellPress you're in the outcome business all right! Health care plan will shatter middle class, disabled and seniors.DOA
what a stupid statement
SIU is over! Region 34. Has to b removed out accredited schools.Transcripts frauds. As we speak. "Penn" unlicensed at meeting©
you're in the see-no-treason /American-ideal-killing business of greed and everybody knows it #Trumprussia
No, you are in the party over country business
no darling....you are in the 'power of the party over principle' business. There's is nothing you do that is about anyone else
@McConnellPress no you are in the shady business!
No. You are in the "overturn everything Pres Obama did" business, you vindictive manbabies. Pathetic.
.@SenateMajLdr Unfortunately, you're in the "horrible outcome for the poor & lower classes" business. Might want to find a new line of work
The outcome is that the very people who voted for Trump and Republicans in rural areas will be most hurt! The rich get richer.
Intersting...So what has the outcome been the last 8 years? Oh yes, obstructionism...seems legit. Love you Grandpa Turtle!
Do the Kochs & mercers refer to themselves as"outcome" these days? Ole dry eyes...
@SenateGOP @GOP 
Your in the say "no', do nothing, accomplish nothing & destroy Americans to benefit the rich business
You are in the protecting the rich guy business.
Wrong. You're in the business of consolidating wealth and power while lying to the American public
@McConnellPress What the fuck does that even *mean?

You're obsolete, Mr. Toad.
Your "outcomes" are a disaster for older Americans. Shame on you.
You are in the propaganda business.
OH Good! You're going to "outcome" with YOUR Russian ties? @ap @cnn @maddow @JoyAnnReid
No. You're in the Bullshit business. Disgusting.
Death is also an outcome. #resist
They really do not care about our health.. #obamacare @SenateMajLdr
GOP does not give a sh@$. New plan will shatter the middle class, the disabled, and seniors. Deplorable.
As long a there is transparancy, we have a chance. OCA was closed door, cigar room theivery.
