You guys have got to get it together. This is what the voters want, TRUMPS Agenda.
Not really remember he didn’t win the popular vote

So what you're saying is: Clinton won the popular vote.
How is one person one vote unfair?  I can't think of a single reason.
Because voter fraud has been proven to exist. And because it takes away the voices of smaller states.
If those voters I. That state voted then they had their voices heard.
Far right-wingers will end your career. You deserve it. You can't dance with racists and then be shocked with they step on your toes.
Who is more racist the white guy or the ppl who yell racist all the time
Uh, the white guy?
Wrong.

At first I thought that pic was an elephant, but now I'm thinking RINO.  And that stuff flying out the back sure looks like Obamacare.
It's trumpcare now.  Congrats!!
As long as the individual mandate dies, I don’t care what it’s called. At that point, it can fall apart as it was originally designed to.
All of you, with the exception of a very few,  are so fake and ridiculous. Y’all are so afraid to speak truth about this orange monster!
How did you like the taste of the soles of their shoes?
you stood like a statue in the rose garden why he took responsibility for nothing. He lies about everything. He blames you and you take it
Yeah you kissed his ass hoping to keep your job. We the people will take care of your corrupt ass at voting time
Become a man like John McCain instead of being a spineless yes man for Trump and the Koch Bros.
Why don’t you and the Congress move the POTUS out of Washington this fall! #25thAmendment #ImpeachTrump #Resist 2018
Lmao

Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 
It would be in the best interest of the party to finally work together. Americans are sick of the dysfunction
You’re spineless.
Thanks for your kind words, Turtle Mitch. Together we will make Putin proud.
mcconnell stood there mute as t-rump LIED (again) re former PRESIDENTS not calling/writing families of slain soldiers.  WHY?
They just got in! They’re not yet done erasing!
Everything they've touched has come to nothing, all because of hatred for the former Pres.  Instead of building on, they'd rather tear down
You've nearly wasted a year…they should get rid of you and move on…
YOU BETTER FOLLOW THROUGH. You won't get another chance.
Ummmm....it is fall
You are a poor excuse of a man to be swindled by this dictator aka Trump
Hang in there Mitch, you are doing great
Do you really believe that President Obama didn’t call families?  You are an enabler.
What exactly do you believe in. Power and that's it.

We need Mueller investigation to produce indictments for all of you

Cant wait. Just like the subpoena Trump received to hand over documents when he sexually abused women He is no better than Weinstein
You own the #Psychopath now #TrumpIsYourLegacy #Coward
Lunch and a few kind words I’d sll it takes for you to work with the soulless president who takes no responsibility for anything. What a guy
Why are you okay w obstruction? Ohhh yea, you’re on tape agreeing to Russian $ for GOP. Silly me. Forgot myself #TrumpObstructed #Hatch46
How about you have a lunch with UHauls and for Moving him out?
Good it's about time to get something done.
Get it done or don’t expect to get re-elected. Wall, Taxes, judges, appointments and yes healthcare! @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @AnnCoulter
You do realize the world will hold the GOP accountable for everything that happens under trump. We will never forget your complicit behavior
@SenateMajLdr get up off your knees and give this country something we can respect. Your continued pandering to Trymp humiliates us all.

Harry Reid is a pedophile. Nancy Pelosi supplies him with boys. Goat Hill Pizza is her restaurant. That is where she runs her pedophile ring.
#Pizzagate, #Spirit Cooking with Marina Abramovic and John Podesta. #Spirit Cooking at the MOCA GALA. Nothing in this world is as it seems
Any evidence of Reid?
Wikileaks.

Wow! What took YOU so long to be for the American people!
Ur such a RINO 
I almost feel sorry for you.  The stuff you tried to ram down our throat is shit and you know it
The Economy is moving very fast yet let get a move on it move it move it move it Mujevete get you ass in gear and kick start this Economy
or I'm afraid it's going be curtains for a few unlucky congressional do nothing lawmakers on Capitol Hill, Play to win, win, win not lose
just imagine if Chuck Schumer becomes Majority Leader in the Senate, that should motivate you guys enough and Nanci House Speaker Yikes!!!!

We The Ppl are Fed Up with the Promises and No Action from the Republicans! Stand With POTUS and Do your Job! Tax Cuts , Health Care !
No one believes this propaganda
#tonedeaf #dillusional
If you don't support the presidents agenda as a repub in congress then prepare to #primarytherinos 8 yrs of talk and now nothing. Sickening
#ditchmitch that agenda doesn’t help your #Kentucky constituents. Decided he might be more powerful than you? Groveling doesn’t  good on u
#
Perhaps you can get it done before your term ends. You don't need to return sir.
 Unfortunately you placed your personal ideals ahead us.
Please stand with our President.  We voted for Trump and you need to have his back.
Mitch, YOU’RE A LYING TRUMP TROLL!! BE ASHAMED! Do your job and protect AMERICANS. SCREW FILTHY TRUMP!!
How can you of all people discuss anything with this mentally ill person .
Hope you follow thru
So...@SenateMajLdr you're with the #TRAITOR @POTUS eh? You don't see his CYBER WAR against US for your myopic, selfish eyes. @VP #BLUE2018
Just do it! The utter devastation that Obama admin. did to America has taken its emotional and physical toll...sooner the better to recover!
The only devestation done during the Obama era was by the Teapugs!
Old men with old ideas
How many times does #mitchmcconell loose before he goes home to Alabama ?
I think you mean Kentucky?
he was born in Alabama Not Kentucky
Republicans Better Stand With Our President or Pack your bags in 2018! We Want Tax Cuts, Health Care reform and the Wall! No DACA! Deport!
Ramona, how do you sleep at night?
THEY WORK FOR THE USA 1% and FOREIGN TRANSNATIONALS & TO ANY WEALTHY BUYER FOR WHEN GOP NAZIS BREAK DOWN USA&INSTITUTIONS TO PRIVATIZE USA!
TOO MANY FOREIGN DICTATORS & MONARCHY & COMMUNIST LEADERS HAVE MORE SAY ABOUT USA THEN THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DO. GOP NAZIS ARE THIEVES!
#AMEN!!!
How could you work with someone who says such horrible things about you?
This statement nominated for Weaseliest Comment of the Week Award!
You're just spineless.
I think your just pulling our chains!. Blah blah. Your failing at your job #bigly  You're weak and #feckless  #doyourjob #Trump #TaxReform
Don't believe a word McConnell says
Where has he been up to now, counting his saudi bribe money?
TRAITOR McConnell
You sat like a foil while he shamelessly lied to America & you were too feckless to even correct him on how former presidents treated troops
Did you have to use pictures.
@SenateMajLdr to Bannon: We can’t pass #Trump’s agenda if we nominate candidates who can’t win elections. #GOP has majority NOW!!!!
I am with @SteveBannen  #yourGone #youreMean #corrupt #MAGA

So, you bent over backwards securing the potential tie breaking votes of VPOTUS. How many hours were you? 

#DoesMitchhaveDerbytickets?
I have a feeling it's going to be a cold winter...
How can you stand that narcissist, pathological lier and that phony religious ass kisser ?
His evil agenda puts this country in the gutter of mankind. Like living in the dark ages where greed is the operative killer. Shame on you.
all you need is a teleprompter, and take away his cell phone like you would a 5 yr old misbehaving and your all set. .... good luck !!
We’ll see..

Will see? Hopeful
Did you discuss hanging gay people?
Sure sure.
Take note: There is an adversary (Bannon) who is coming for you & your ‘roughshod’ gang! The GOP is about to be nonexistent, as you know it!
What the hell are you waiting for?
soulless cowards!
This will all be rectified come 2018 and 2020. #Blizzard
Stop being a #TrumpPuppet and do the right thing for America
Then stop your Rhino buddies from delaying the Presidents Agenda.  That is why the American People elected him.  Do your job or resign.
Especially listening to trump lie about past presidents ?
How about we remove all three of you and call it good??
Hahahaha
kissing his ass isn't going to save your job idiot- you are all going down, just a matter of time
Hahahaha


Action more then talking. Get the job done you were put in office to do !!!
All of u r crooks & don't give a damn about ur constituents. Just playing BS games with people's lives.
He has to get as much as he can done before the myth is revealed about addiction, our failed drug policies, and 911
And your a sell out to. Take your head out of Trumps ass and do what's right for the American people.
IPrayYouAllAreRemoved since the only agenda you all have is lining your own pockets!!!!!
It would be nice if you at least started something.
@SenateMajLdr u and rest of @GOP needs to get off your ass and get something accomplished or get voted out.
#RepealAndReplaceIncumbents #RepealAndReplaceCongress
How much was the payoff for your soul? Did you have any left to auction off?
Less talk and more ACTION! I’ve been hearing about how you support @POTUS agenda but you accomplish NOTHING! Start pulling chairmanships???
What a dog & pony show like you're the Don of Congress. Trotting out McConnell like you're besties. Distract from Russia. #25thAmendment
Stand up and act like a man. Put country over party. Salvage what little dignity and integrity you may still have. Take trump out of office.
You better or we will vote you out!
We'll see.
Your lips much hurt again after all that ass kissing?  Don't you have voters to support?  Or is it just the rich bitches like trump?
You are a failure. You are now in bed with the devil.
Where’s your spine?
A productive lunch with @POTUS . I'd love to see that! Crayons at the ready?
Keep up the talks, Mitch. PresT needs you. Just like you need us.

The MAJORITY of the country does not want Trump's agenda, or doesn't THAT count for anything? What's in it for you to destroy the country?
Why the heck haven't you already, oh... I don't know...
DONE IT ALREADY?????!
I'm thinkin' you're too little too late!!!!
If you get tax reform done and repeal Obamacare I still hope we have a new majority leader next year.
BIGOT

U said "the democratic process". We are not a democracy. WE ARE A REPUBLIC!!!!  There's a big difference!  Elected officials should know!

Wow, so something might be done?
An agenda of hate, disrespect, elitism, and disdain for the military. 
How could you just stand silently by?
Trump just claimed no President has ever called families of fallen troops, insulting thousands of Gold Star Families 
So in other words you where really good at kissing his ass.

Got it!
You have zero credibility. Goodbye.#TermLimits
Man are you a fucktard.

You guys are such BS artists.  Do you really think anyone believes you?  Do you think other then his base we’re morons?
You cant say we hope or we'll try to get it done. You should say we WILL get it done and go do it. People aren't supporting you much now.
Hopefully this is true
Stop bring a swamp rat and carry out Trump's agenda. Clock is ticking, we want results.
Really? You met with the only Liar in Chief to ever exist and call it productive? Trump is the reason ACA is failing. And YOU know it!

The only thing moving through congress this fall?  Your eviction notices.
Sup turtleboy?
Wait a minute, the President has an agenda?
Anyone else think it's funny that his name is Leader McConnell yet his actions display the antithesis of leadership
Well the bottom line is action not words. Americans are disgusted w GOP. House and senate. Get it done Now!
Be sure to fund day care supplemental for 1600 PA Ave.

Impeach now.
You are being PLAYED FOOXl
You need to retire.Too bad you were so prejudice that you could not, WOULD NOT, work with OBAMA.Since u didn't work the last 4 years  pay us
@POTUS @SenateMajLdr Will Congress Continue to get SUBSIDIES for OCARE when Short Term Deal is Made? Thanks 
What about the lies about the fallen soldiers? Listen man… Americas getting fed up. By the way your RBF SAYS IT ALL.
I will believe when I see it! You clowns in the Senate need to push through the over 200 Bills sitting there & where are our Judges? #MAGA
Did you explain to him how and why he is president of the US Virgin Islands!? #duties #scratchinghead #lordhelpUS #resist
Put up or shut up & exit.
By "agenda" do you mean killing the masses?
You have a duty to put country ahead of party.  Trump is profoundly unfit to serve. He is a danger to the country.  Malignant narcissism.
Not congress Mitch. The Senate. The house is doing their part.
I wish you would grow and pair and STAND up to 45 he's a liar and you know it ...
We can hope so.
Tick Tock! We are coming for YOU!!! #WAR
McConnell, ryan, pence, trump are all traitors
Just please don't give into the Dems
Mitch, we all know what you are about. You have no intention of moving any agenda but your own. You will go down as one of the most useless.
time to get to work for America!
You stand silently while @realDonaldTrump lies. Guess what that makes you! #AnotherTrainedTrumpMonkey #Bobblehead #ImpeachTrump #Dems2018
So, I assume that means you will be stepping down?Only way I see any agenda getting through congress

Do something.
how about supporting POTUS !
Now just follow through with it! Bring the party together like the Dems do! They can't stand Hillary, but they backed her 100%! Now do it
good luck with that #Fail again just like the seven years of trying to repeal #ACA undermine is your only option 
Please Mitch. This job is not worth your dignity
Good thing you were there to help him get up them big two scary steps. If you had any balls you would have let go of his hand mid-step.
fucking hypocrite
Prove it
Or, as its otherwise known, the Trump Death March. Please, have a massive heart attack and die now.
You are mean, racist, evil little man.  I hope people in the great state of Kentucky get rid of you
You, sir, are a fraud! You both looked so uncomfortable with each other. If you think your little “arranged marriage” is going to help, HA!!
