Why don't you build some more coal burners. Gotta have somewhere to use that coal from all the miners going back to work.
Tax reform matters to the middle class and the poor. Your tax reform is for the rich. Get over yourself!
"@POTUS tax plan just got its first brutal review showing how it would benefit rich Americans but almost no one else" #TaxReform @businessinsider
That's Trumps goal, make the rich richer and the working man pooer!!!
Poorer
I  know my phone does as it please poorer
Sorry for the repeat but first thing that comes to mind every time I read one of your bullshit tweets. So what’s it like to have $22million?
tax reform will give the super rich BILLIONS back
Mitch please go away
This is FALSE. The plan is designed to give EXTREMELY wealthy people & businesses more money. The hope is that they use it to create jobs.
Yet they never do
We know
One of the earliest lessons we're taught in life is we're guilty by association & friends we keep. You are good buddies with trump & Ryan...

Can you just DO IT THIS TIME!
Get it done please!
You are a liar.
Treason Turtle needs more Koch money.
PLEASE LOCK HIMUP!!!
This budget cuts Medicaid by more than $1tn over 10 years – would throw 15 million Americans off of health insurance they currently have
Wow!!
What Mitch McConnell fails to tell you about #TaxReform is that the #FairTax would be best for small businesses
#FAIRtax does more 4 small business than ANY other #Taxreform to level playing field. 
@NSBAAdvocate 
@NFIB 
…
LIAR
Relief to the Wealthy Donors.
No Tax Reform until Trump releases Tax Returns.
@RepTomEmmer @alfranken @amyklobuchar
No it won't!!! You are lying so hard and think no one looks into the facts. The facts: no relief, jobs will not come, America is screwed.
Really
Trickle down economics doesn't not work. CEO's and business owners keep the extra money
Propaganda!
What a lie...and you do with a straight face..resign.
Oh look, it's mitchy still thinks we believe anything he says. Puppet on a stick. Will lick your asshole if it makes him another dollar.
Get the vote done! And, get the nominees confirmed faster than one a day!
Mitch please go away!

Explodes the deficit and produces no growth.  All while increasing taxes on middle class to give the rich yet ANOTHER tax cut.  #TaxReform
#Liar
THEN DO it. We are TIRED of blah blah blah blah & NO RESULTS!
"I love relieving myself on the voters of America. Support the Peesident! "--Senator Mitch McConnell
Well, wealthy Americans.
Shut up Mitch
We are working to #BANKRUPT the 99% so we can give our already RICH 1% a tax break! #crookedGOP #TheMathDoesntAddUp #FakeNews #Liar #ConMan
Majority Leader is a fraud. He and the rest of the swamp need to be drained. #ditchmitch
#DitchMitch 
Not this tax reform. Shiny PowerPoint displays don't change facts.
Sorry dude. Trickle down economics has proven not to work.
You're working to F the lower/middle class in the A.
I am for small business but NOT for giving the rich big tax breaks!
.. THEN, you need the BUDGET before tax reform. Like #LoserPOTUS, YOU are getting your cart before the horse! BTW: NO more hidden bills!
And it will unleash economic growth with no limits. Which creates dependency on ones self instead of the government.
Lying conman phony...80% goes to billionaires. Throw @SenateGOP crooks out of office. Total scam tax cuts!! @POTUS @SenateGOP @nytimes @CNN
BEFORE TAX Reform -where's URGENT clean DACA, bipart Alex-Murray ACA FIX, & CHIP? All needed ASAP! #Do_Nothing .@GOP SHOULD be FIRED in '18!
No, it won't
You're a fool Mitch
Again with the belief that anyone trusts much less believes you. That ship has sailed

How much did you spend on this public relations campaign and fancy graphics?
BS and you KNOW it!
Give it a rest, Mitch. @GOP tax reform is a pig in a poke (read: define, exactly, what you mean by small biz misnomer).
That’s a good one Turtle...
If your plan was that great you wouldn't be trying to sell it so hard. It would sell itself! Stop with the lies, it's a break for the 1%!
Pants on 
We all know this benefits the super-rich And massive corporations. But judging by your campaign donations, that's your constituency
Just like Congress tackled the " opioid crisis", killing many Americans to benefit Big Pharma.  Yes, I'm sure the American public has complete confidence in Congress's actions.
Show us repeal of Corp subsidies and closure of loopholes if you want more people on board.
You need to do something about that judge in Hawaii blocking travel ban That is not right.
more trickle down 
The ATA doesnt speak for truck drivers. Support OOIDA @OOIDA #knockoutbadregs #DelayELD #supporttruckdrivers @GovMattBevin @RandPaul
Pure bullshit. Again.
Shut up
You bastards sure are determined to hold onto your lie.
Responses not only proves ignorance of those brainwashed by #FakeNews it's also a reminder that propaganda was legalized & funded byCongress

This is a lie
This is a lie.
#LIAR
Americans must restore the Republican party by voting traitors out!
Both parties made us slaves to Islam
#Stopthisnonsense
DACA
Dreamers
Amnesty
Refugees of Islam
Americans are not your tax slaves!
End the tyranny of #Congress #Senate NOW
#MAGA
This is hardest you've worked in 8 years.This is #ClassWarfare You give tax breaks to rich in backs of middle class. #FakeAmerican
Here's what @gop tax reform will do. #screwingTheUSA
And give tons to your rich buddies while stripping hard working americans of much needed relief
What does it feel like that every word out of your mouth is a lie. YOu have no concern for others except for yourself and other wealthy.



Such an overstatement to call you "Leader"... More like "Spineless Coward McConnell".
You kept tweeting like you were gonna do something with Repeal and Replace so instead of talk let’s see action. House passed 100+bills, you0
UR going 2 PRISON! Not buying from any republiKKKan businesses.All FAILING! Boycott republikkkan NAZI TERRORISTS! LOCK THEM UP!LOCK THEM UP!
When?
Bullshit. The Koch Bros own your ass & the body parts they haven't got in a twist are owned by your other wealthy donors.
#TrumpTaxReform is a DISASTER for middle & poor.
Lies
Manufacturing jobs will not come back or stay. We can’t compete with $5 an hour economies.
Talk tweet talk tweet talk tweet talk tweet. Actions speak louder than talk & tweets
@SpeakerRyan Then drop this current GOP mess & start a bipartisan plan. Beyond that the GOP Congress needs to support our democracy !
Eliminating the estate tax for very rich people is going to give relief to small biz??? How stupid do you think Americans are???
NO! you are not, you are for free markets! whoever is cheaper is who you buy from you scabby bastard I was in your office! #steel #232
What’s that meeting like? “Please everybody come up with something. I don’t want to have to stand next to him in the rose garden again”.
Not for small biz, it's a windfall for giant corporations. Vote NO.
You're a complicit sell out.
Trump Lies about past presidents call slain soldiers families as you stand next to him and you say nothing ??
A better use of your time would be to strengthen the #ACA. Right now #GOP sabotage of the ACA costs more Americans more $$$ than biz taxes.

Everybody works at McDonalds!!
Level with who Turtle?

Please stick to facts and stop blowing smoke.
I rely on social services and am passionate for their improvement, but fat government coffers musn't come at the cost of competitiveness.
What are the details? Where is the truth?
Liar!!
Very few buying your bullshit. All political capital spent. Zero credibility
Regarding the estate tax, I believe on principle that it's double taxation and that heirs have an American right to be free of tyranny.
stop lying, we don't believe you! #GOPDOYOURJOBS
I personally am quite ill and my future is uncertain...  My drive to influence affairs comes largely from love of my children and America.
As Trump has made clear, America cannot responsibly rest on our fat laurels, but must aspire to true greatness, to wise decision-making etc.
Endowed with great gifts, America's economy soars. But the decision to have non-competitive tax rates could give an edge to China, the E.U.
Ahahahahahahahahaha...the relief that is needed is for you to relieve yourself of your active duties of doing absolutely nothing for us
Having my books to sell, I am in some sense a business owner, but a struggling one. But I aspire to a bright future for myself and America!
Stop the platitudes! Show us where the $ goes & don’t tell us money will trickle down from the wealthiest 1%. That’s pure bs!
If you leveled out the playing field we would be paid a lower wage with fewer benefits.  Look at Russia and China.  We don't want that.
LIE ALERT LIE ALERT LIE ALERT LIE ALERT LIE ALERT LIE ALERT LIE ALERT
Being a philosopher and artist, I'm poor but my solid burgher family will certainly benefit. Also, I care that America should be competitive
Define, 'small business'.
You're working to rape this country to give to your wealthy owners: PERIOD.
Just get it done
Leader McConnell, Listening to you, Ryan, Trump and having made an independent evaluation, I believe this plan is good medicine for America.
Let me apologize for CNN. They have no class, that's a CNN type, no facts just attack Trump and the GOP at all cost. No surprise there.
Try doing it , quit obstructing. We will take you out and replace you if you want Soon

Pew Foundation poll finds that 85% of Republicans and 94% of Democrats want to either maintain or increase funding for Medicare.
Define small biz.
You are LYING!!!
We are not stupid. We can read.
This is a HUGE tax cut for those making over $350K a year.
Why do you keep lying to US?
U have Alzheimer's
LIAR. When will you rein in tRash-tAlking-tReasonous-tRump????
If your tax bill is your version of level it's a good thing you never were a house builder or a carpenter. #NoGOPTaxReform
We know your tax bill is going nowhere. #POTUS can't vote in the Senate, and disgusts many, even #GOP members. Look at the polls, old buddy.
You stood there like a stooge while the Presedent lied 
Get GOP in line and get it done. Ignore Democrats, their only hope is that you get nothing done. Change vote to simple majority if needed!!!
Sir, you lie and so does the rest of the GOP, now the party of liars. You should be ashamed of yourself and what you're doing to America.
It might be level. But financially, it's below sea level.
We are watching and waiting for the Republicans to get to work and make it happen.
#TaxReform will give relief to our small billionaires & make it easier for them to keep Americans at home and off their tilted playing field
Then why didn't you do it before?  Liar
Bull!  You’re only trying to get tax cuts for the wealthy. Again, how do you live with your lying self?
Bullshit , another lie !
Just don’t be an obstructionist as is usually the case.
No, you're not. You're trying to get richer off the backs and blood of the poor and middle class. #gohomemitch
I will believe it when I see it.  So far, you have not been getting the job done.
I have an idea, just keep all this to yourself, because all of you have been a BIG disappointment. Tweet news of a signed bill, not this.
Best President Ever

Stop talking and start working!!








Liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar


What would make USA great again is 2 get heartless repubs out of the house, senate and presidency.
Why raise taxes, healthcare costs on the poorest of Americans, while cutting taxes on the rich? See results of '86 US, '15 KS tax  cuts...
We don’t believe you! What about health care for all Americans?
When is the vote?
Liar! This #TaxReform benefits the wealthy and even the IMF says this trickle-down nonsense is bad for democracy.

Sounds good. Where are you getting the lost revenue is a better question
Like all of the Trump family manufacturing takes place in the US? Stop your BS
Tried under W and it almost destroyed the work economy.
Then why will the Middle Class be taxed more. This plan does not have my support. We all know the estate tax only affects filthy rich.

You are a lyin’ sack of shit McConnell!
LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!
There's no way I believe you ever.
2. Increase in the debt. So 
Watch Senator McCain bitch slap tRump with words.
https://youtu.be/PXiqq-CnFow 
