cc: @SpeakerRyan @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @PostOpinions
re: #economy #4percent
DOMESTIC: Fiscal-policy target
No, Turtle face. It should be guided by how much money we have on hand. We're $20 Trillion in the hole; so, shove your Exxon Oil War & quit
that is a fact.  and you should resign, thats another fact for ya.
Can't you see that trump is leading us to war? He doesn't care about dead sailors. Not one word last night.
Leading us to war???  Where the hell have you been the last 17 years? in a cave?
Nope,  I watched the bush's start this mess, but trump. Is incompetent to lead soldiers to their deaths. He wants mult wars.
the money of war is lining the pockets of congress, not trump, sorry, 
We disagree
Still feel that way? Drumpf is threatening war.ignoring starving Americans in Puerto Rico.hes pathological
lol, you gotta quit watchin t.v. so much
Your probably right, watching msnbc.
cc: @SpeakerRyan @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @PostOpinions
re: #safety #happiness
Who is "@RonaldGrey?"
you cannot even do your own job let grown ups decide what's best for our America...as you will be jobless. #FireMcConnell. #ImpeachTrump
Mitch your not acting like a leader. Support your president and get something done. Time to ditch Mitch.

Republicans are looking at cutting nearly $1 billion from disaster accounts to help finance Trump's border wall. http://apne.ws/mIcJW2P 
Dónde está tu spine?


Instead of giving 60 percent of new tax cuts to the richest Americans, we should expand the EITC to make up for decades of wage stagnation. 
cc: @SpeakerRyan @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @PostOpinions
re: #Perestroika vs. #pandemonium
FOREIGN: US (not UN)
How about arbitrary presidential mood swings? Sir, you and Dems need to protect us from Drumpf.
cc: @SpeakerRyan @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @PostOpinions
"[Trump NOR Pence]...qualified" - US Const, amend XX, sec 3
#GOP #nullify2016

Mr. McConnell, if Trump is guilty of Obstruction of Justice, will you IMPEACH him, yes or no?
#traitor
Trump is by far the greatest risk to our national security and you know it.  Going along with this SOB is treason.
/2 its a shame u can't bring yourself to vote on anything that matter to us. So blinded by lobbyist's money-don't c that we can vote u out
Republicans whined in the past 8 yrs about our debt, yet u want to force the POTUS to increase the debt ceiling. /1
Did you watch his rally in Phoenix?  He is mentally ill.  DO YOU GET IT YET?  History is judging you too.  Will you act?  Party or Country?
Why don't you just email your follower?  Keep on resisting.  It is working, in a way.
Why don't you worry about your own tweets.  And yes it is working...in a YUGE way
Go feed your cats when you wear it.   Keep it up.  You get to rub one out to the news.  We win elections.
Do you not realize you are ensuring the destruction of your party and this country?
destruction of the party? Pro-Trump republicans are surging in polls. Republicans are poised to win big in 2018
If you Mitch and Paul Ryan tries to remove our President Mr Trump then you better run for your life because its going to be war
If you don't get on track with our President then you are going to be history
We love Mr Trump and he is doing what we want and he is full filling our agenda
Mitch the more you distance your self from our President Mr Trump the one we dearly love the lower your approval rate gets
Vote all Dems and this POS out of office! Thank you for your support!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  Trump's pick for US Attorney in DC MUST GET PUT THROUGH... it's been 8mos.  All a SET UP!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  YOU must FIRED The US Attorney in DC is Channing Phillips.  Schumer involved!

Senator - YOU Must go Nuclear NOW!
Do something!! Save this country!!
Trump visits Texas as a photo opp and stupid hat selling junket? Concerned about crowd size rather than death amd suffering.
When will you do something about the madman in the White House? Pardoned Arpaio during Harvey for ratings?

Makes a  lot of sense Mitch.  We backed out after Charlie's War in the 80's and the Taliban came in and hosted Al Qaeda.  Then we backed out



Look at TV. You are the Senate majority leader and the Senate is setting on their ass right now. Get to work. Disgusting!!!!!!
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump #cville2dc #cville2dc #cville2Dc #Impeachtrump
#doyourjob Mitch!
https://twitter.com/master_gutmann/status/902564915893768192 …
Our government shouldn't be guided by morons either, and yet you're still around...!
Lost all faith in you McConnel you & Ryan need to go.We have enough traitors/rinos in the GOP.Leav in Shame
hi mcconnell this elijah spencer republican publication fed from texas bless get new paperwork

You haven't tweeted a thing firing this Hurricane? Greetings from flooded Texas, Senator...
WE HAVE SPENT 1 TRILLION $ OVER THERE, WHY IS THAT OK AND SPENDING ON  HEALTHCARE NOT?
16 yrs of blood and money should be enough for us to go to sleep at night knowing that we did our best! Get out of Afghanistan & IMPEACH DT!
POTUS governing for TV ratings? Playing fast and loose with our Democracy? WHEN exactly will the GOP stand up for America? Impeech!
Our country is nearly gone. Country before power. He can only go as far as YOU let him.
STOP THIS
#25thamendment
This dead-ass trashy bigot does NOT possess the moral or intellectual authority nor ability to have credibility↓
Our overseas presence should not be guided by arbitrary withdrawal deadlines. http://bit.ly/2x79XBF 
Bigotry, discrimination, segregation and delusions are the only vehicles inept trashy white men have for self-esteem
It's time to impeach him. Drain the swamp, get rid of Trump.
Better to lead the charge then have him take you down with him. #DumpTrump
There are 3 independent branches of government.  It is good to see 2 of them agree on something with which I also agree.
Check out what your boy did.
Today we learned of Trump Organization efforts to secure a business deal in Russia in 2015-16. #CrookedTrump

“I will get Putin on this program and we will get Donald elected,” Mr. Sater (Putin's buddy) wrote to Michael Cohen.  --NYT today
3) You keep looking down your nose at Trump and voters Mitch! Time is coming for all never Trumpers to move along 4 new blood willing 2 work
You, Ryan and the other never Trumpers will be out. People sent a loud message with Trump. You ignored it. Bad mouthing Pres. w/ press. Bye
2) On top of not getting the AGENDA done. Take you vacations and relax. We'll send you guys in a permanent one in the near future.
@SpeakerRyan caving in to the Dems you are not GOP.
hi this elijah spencer i gift you new schoolmaster paperwork today your republican master from tex bell county tx publication fed military
NO $ for damned wall!

SAVE HOUSTON!

#ImpeachTrump



While Donald Trump ran for president, his company was pursuing a plan to develop a Trump Tower in Moscow http://wapo.st/2w9D6gS 
You should do your job! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Don't expect anything from Dems they can't hurt us. Hopes/dreams/money poured into Republican Party from which we get silence hurts. SHAME!
Support President Trump! We need funding for our border wall, tax reform so people who earn the money can keep more of it & repeal Obamacare
That shouldn't be too hard for the party that calls itself conservative right?
Dear friend~LIAR @POTUS told Mexico's president on QT the cost WILL COME OUT IN THE WASH they wouldn't end up paying
Let's stay in Afghanistan for another 16 years!  You're keeping military contractors in business and our soldiers overburdened
TRY & DEFEND THIS!
ICE defends actions after 50 WOMEN & CHILDREN left abandoned at bus station
#ImpeachTheBastardNow
No money for Trump's wall...all that $$ goes to aid TX...FFS Mexico is HELPING TX!!!!

Time to hit the ditch http://Mitch.You  have let potus and we who voted for him and his agenda http://down.You  are a dam rino.
Trump, still isnt gone?
I AGREE...FINISH THE JOB!
We let Japan stand on their own two feet and they managed.
Where was the "democratic process" when the Democrats jammed ObamaCare up your ass.

Go to work -- the wall; taxes; repeal ObamaCare!
A group of psychiatrists warned Congress that Donald Trump poses a "clear and present danger" WHEN WILL @GOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan ACT?
Ppl of Kentucky voted for Trump to:  fund the wall, term limits, cut foreign aid, revive repeal Obamacare  you said NO
Evidently the turtle has gone back into its shell.  The leader is no leader.
And it should be guided by someone who knows what they are doing and who (s)he is doing it for (the people).  Impeach.
@McConnellPress Yep, pull out of Afghanistan and its Taliban claiming victory claiming the Yanks gave a Vietnam beating
Mitch, do something about the abomination in the @WhiteHouse.

Signed,
Sane Americans
Ya think?
When r u going to start doing what we r paying you to do. Support our president
Throw trump  & his ilk out of GOP,clasp hands with dems and quickly clear the alt-RT out,otherwise we are looking at germany 1930s
YOU HAVE TO BE FIRED!!!!
That face when @SenJohnMcCain gave you the was greatest thing
Vile is too good for trump, he's much worse than vile.
Republicans like McConnell are giving conservatives a bad name. #primaryflake
Mitch, use Border Wall allocations to rebuild the ravaged State of Texas.

Have you taken Trump's position on pardoning Arpaio? You condone Arpaio's inhumane treatment of people? You can't be on both sides...
You are holding Trump's dog whistles, crimes will be committed b/c people are emboldened and you cleared the trail.
Despite a long career, your legacy will boil down to the blood on your hands for aiding & abetting Trump. Put our country first, please.
Were is your voice to express outrage of Trump's pardon of Arpaio. Is it because your wife works for this Admin? #Shameonyou
Dear Mitch:

The  knows the #GOP is now the Nazi Party of America led by Trump. 

 Dictators who Murder  = Good
 Long Term Allies = Bad
I THINK THAT AFTER 16YRS WE HAVE DONE OUR DUTY IN AFGHANISTAN, U FRICKING TURTLE NECKED SOB! U SOUND LIKE DT NOT! RUSSIAN MONEY TOO?
GOP given a majority and yet you and rest of establishment GOP fail to move conservative agenda forward. Such a disappointment, resign!
Your senate presence should not be guided by arbitrary lack of term limits, but yet it is...
We can't wait till 2018.
Say bye bye because you will be voted out.
do the right thing. Your family and ours is counting on it. Do something that history will remember you with. Time is running
Then how about some non-arbitrary withdrawal deadlines?
You & @SpeakerRyan are COWARDS! Condemn Trump!!
#TheResistance  is coming & we're PISSED! #ImpeachTheTraitor
Protestors will hold 10-day march from Charlottesville to DC to demand for Trump's removal http://hill.cm/AZerGc9  
Nor should transgender troops be barred from serving our country by misguided, arbitrary bigotry & racism coming from Trump. Grow a spine.
Joking right? This was your messiah Obama's policy for seven and a half years of his eight year presidency. Faux outrage.
Sound like someone you know? #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW

Right. When will you comment on Donald's pardon of a lawfully convicted crony? What are your thoughts? I'll wait while your donors tell you.

Thoughts?
they're not arbitrary lol
Here you go Mitch @SenateMajLdr you should probably refamiliarize yourself with this ! #OrDomestic !!!!! #DoYourJob

Joe Arpaio thanks you for your cowardice @SenateMajLdr @speakerryan. That unity thing seems interesting. Please explain it. #DemForce 
Why don't you stop twittering and do something useful- like resign!You are outdated and draining us all.
You don't even have the balls to make a statement about the pardon one way or another.
Trump has now explicitly violated his oath of office.  Failure by House and Senate to impeach is no longer politics.  It's treason.
Should Mitch McConnell Step Down?
Yes96.23% (3,424)
No3.77% (134)
When will you do your job & impeach the insane, corrupt, racist clown in the WH destroying your party that *2/3rds of U.S.* wants out?
good morning mcconnell this elijah spencer get new schoolmaster paperwork yes for economic growth republican master texas
I hope you find the strength to remove that raving lunatic out of our White House.  You will become a national hero!
Any thoughts on POTUS' total disrespect for the rule of law by pardoning Arpaio?  Anything???
Nothing to say about the pardon?  As a matter of fact, you are strangely silent on many issues!  WHY?
Do you really think it is smart to ignore the pardon, Mitch? You do understand it will make the Nazis happy, do you not?
ICYMI Here is something you will find useful should you decide to inform yourself, @SenateMajLdr.
Stop complaining about Trump's agenda, you have all the power you need! Here's a bright idea-DO YOUR JOB! You have all of the houses of Gov.
UNITE OUR NATION. GET HIM OUT.
You need to impeach 45...
45's pardon of Arpaio makes a mockery of our justice system. DO YOUR JOB! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
What dose Obama's pardon of a traitor and crack dealers say
Your POTUS just pardoned someone who ignored the Bill of Rights.
No tweets from today? Will you support Trump pardoning Arpaio? YOU NEED TO IMPEACH HIM HE IS A DANGER TO THE GOP NOW!
Because of the Republucan party accepting Trump, you've lost the presidency for years to come. Nice job McConnell. Everyday makes it worse.

Shut up Sarah. Everone is tired of your kindergarten name calling.
The rest of us in America that I know, see that Congress doesn't seem to grasp just how destructive, unstable, and explosive he will be.
Overseas presence?  With our current leadership, we should be a 3rd world country soon (if an independent country at all).  Impeach him now!
Congress is allowing trump to bring peril to our country. It's unconscionable to imagine how nothing has been done to remove him and 1/2
If you don't stop this criminal activity in the White House we will all be in danger he is going to start a civil war. Do Something!!!
What? Nothing about 46s racist pardon or transgender ban?
#ImpeachTrump
Your right, they are a disgrace..Trump is great,and will show as all politicians are fake and worthless,liberals should see this too
Ldr means "leader"?
Start acting like one. FFS how much damage is enough?
Joe Arpaio literally tortured pre-trial detainees with extreme heat and humiliation tactics because they were Latino http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2017/08/donald_trump_is_considering_pardoning_former_sheriff_joe_arpaio.html …
Way to go GOP! Your racist Party Leader Trump just pardoned another racist! Great news for Dems in 2018! No agenda now!
power, you are as much of a traitor to this country as trump is. Stand up, be an American, support the rule of law & stop trump now
How long are you going to stand by & watch this racist destroy our democracy? This pardon is disgusting. If you don't move to curtail his
Are you going to let Trump flout the rule of law? Arpaio? When will you stand up for us? Look at what he is doing to our country. HELP US!
45 pardons Arpaio - r u proud of this, Mitch? This is what you bought, you & the @GOP. A "person" who pardons a torturer/convicted criminal.
Pardoning bigots, hurting troops, deporting children, checking papers during evac. This is what you're supporting. You are better than this.
resign
