What about Garland?  You refused to even hold hearings for him.  That's WORSE than a filibuster. Shame on you!
Really.  So you would rather of had Garland rejected after a hearing?  BS.  Cry me a river.
We ALL have a right to a fair hearing...except for Garland in the Republicans mind.
Garland had a fair hearing.  The GOP said no.  No lies or untruths like Clarence Thomas and Neil Gorsuch had to deal with.
Wrong. GOPs refused to hold confirmation hearings for Garland. GOP=scumbags.
Cry me a river.  And welcome Judge Gorsuch!
Wouldn't cry a tear for you, not even your corpse.
So angry.  Why so much hate?
Forgetting about Merrick Garland, you unrepentant hypocrite?
so, where was the vote on @MerrickGarland? Worse than filibustering... just ignoring!!!!
You lie
Surely you have some sort of dementia. U stated that u would not let Pres Obama fill that seat, which it was HIS RIGHT TO FILL AS PRES!!!
You also refused to take any action on Garland's nomination. Dems did during Reagan's last (cont) http://tl.gd/n_1spp3t7 
And Garland?
But when Garland was nominated you wouldn't even gratn a hearing - that seat was Obama's to fill. Your opposition was racist and partisan
LIAR!!! You admitted in 2008 you were gonna stonewall everything Obama did. You are like Hannity; really bad for America. 2018 will be great
there is nothing that you do Fairly.  You are a scheming meglomaniac and don't care how you screw this country.  Time for Nursing Home!!!
You certainly have a penchant for bending the truth fit your own story.
Only complete morons would believe anything you errantly espouse!! You are the very epitome of evil!!
Apparently it's getting harder and harder to hide your mental deterioration, and that alternate reality you live in!
You violated the constitution
I think I need to stop following you. Your outright lies are starting to get to me.
And Merrick never even got a hearing, no SCOTUS for over a year due to Mitch McConnell's dirty games. and again making his own rules
So where was the up or down vote for Merrick Garland?  I look forward to the American people voting you out of office!

BUT WHAT DID YOU DO TO MERRICK GARLAND? REFUSED TO SPEAK TO HIM! LIED ABOUT OBAMA NOT BEING ABLE TO NOMINATE SOMEONE IN  HIS LAST YEAR!
False equivalence.
And Garland?
And Merrick Garland???
And what about Justice Garland, you hypocrite. Another Koch Brothers stooge!
And Garland?? What did you then, sir? #thiswillbiteyouintheasssomeday
I know, right? Those dems! I mean, just look at how you treated Garland, so fair and right. Oh wait. #StolenSeat
And yet the last rightful nominee didn't get a hearing... #GarlandNotGorsuch
You also did even give garland a meeting and why in the world would you change our institution for liar liar trump
You also claim 2 speak 4 da "American People", yet in reality u can only speak 4 folks from KY & they don't seem 2 happy about u so get real
Moron he nominated Garland for SCOTUS.  LIAR!!!!
Obama was not under and investigation involving Russia  you should be waiting until the investigation is finished
Sure but then u went into the toilet when it came 2 Garland. So ur crap about the previous 2 shows u put party b4 country. #traitor2uroath
And when Garland was placed in nomination you placed him on the back burner to slowly evaporate into nothing.
convenient case of amnesia you have there #MerrickGarland
And Merrick Garland?
Yet you stole his Obama's last nomination opportunity by refusing to vote. We all see you and we all will remember.
get over yourself. Your king of obstruction. Tell me about Garnett nothing else
How did you treat Garland?
Cannot justify vengeance feelings or hatred in the hearts of democrats for those who have a different ideology. Follow Constitution-Move on!
hmmm how was Judge Merrick treated you hypocrite?
We're not idiots, Mitch. We know what you did. And we know that you know what you did.
They didn't support Citizens United and Hobby Lobby against the American People for the oligarchy
Short memory McHypocrite. And refusing Garland's hearings or vote was an example of unconstitutionality.
But somehow with Judge Garland you refused to even have a vote. Sir, have you no shame?
Your continous whining does not detract from the bad behavior you have exhibited through the years.
You are doing the right thing by nuclear option.  After all your colleagues (or should I say school children dressed in adult clothes) lost
Merrick Garland
And how did you treat garland.   You destroyed democracy today.   It now only matters who has the majority
And you refused to do the same for Merrick Garland by even denying hearings to GET to a vote you could have filibustered, you old hack.
What happened when he nominated Garland?  He was #POTUS wasn't he?
It doesn't look good for Democrats. Using the Nuke just exactly what Democrats used during OB's presidency. Careful when U change the rules
you should have put Garland in while you had the chance.
And Garland??????
Missing one name there, Senator, and an important one if your claim is to have any moral weight whatsoever.
And Garland McConnell? How did you treat him? With the respect he deserves? Fairly, based on HIS merits?! Not even close.
But not Merrick Garland. Wouldn't even hold hearings per your orders. #notsonoble #defactofilibuster #cantrewritehistory #nomorelies
Merrick Garland.
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland
Grotesque to pretend that denying a heading to the most recent nominee didn't happen. We remember.
No pointing blame elsewhere today - McConnell has got to go. Anybody who would change rules rather than follow them has weakened our system.
You voted against Sotomayor and Kagan.

And both had over 60 votes so it doesn't matter. You're being petty.
What did you do to Garland?
Okay then why couldn't you do that when #MerrickGarland was nominated? Answer: you hated Obama.
Oh nice you definitely did that with all of Obama's nominees, right?
Senator I'm worried about your mental health. You seem to have forgotten Merrick Garland.  Perhaps you should take time off #MerrickGarland
ANd then #MerrrickGarland. Nope. No high ground for you. None. You tore this house down so the rubble is all on you. All on you.
So, why not #MerrickGarland, again? And that election year story is b.s.
And what did you do for Garland...?  You left that one out
Merrick. Garland.
YES, but when he nominated Garland you were the obstructionists from hell, just like for the last 8 years
MERRICK GARLAND!
Too bad GOP did that!  When ur opponent doesn't fair&bytherules & U do, U you will always LOSE! You LOST for past 8 yrs. NOW fight back/WIN!
Merrick Garland you hypocrite.
Your selective amnesia is NOT amusing #GarlandNotGorsuch
Garland you archaic power hungry dinosaur. Your rules, live with them you effing coward
and what about for #Garland?  Lame duck President is your cop-out - well this President is under FBI investigation!!!
And remind us all how you acted when he nominated Garland? Need a refresher? Have you been checked for dementia?
#hypocrite No one has ever not let a Presidential nominee have a hearing before, but you!
What about Garland?
You effectively filibustered Merrick Garland for almost a YEAR, and now you're indignant over a Democratic filibuster. SHAME on YOU.
what happened again with Garland?
Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland
Add #MerrickGarland to that list and the story becomes complete - not even a hearing - CLOWN - you are a glowing case for #TermLimits
And then you blatantly ignored Garland. #hypocrisy
What about that last guy, what was his name....hmmmm
#GOFUCKYOURSELF
And Sotomayer is a completely irrational foaming liberal loon!
And Merrick Garland?
You certainly didn't on Garland did u? You are to blame for this mess and no one else
Waiting for your follow up tweet regarding #MerrickGarland
Should I hold my breath?
liar
You obstructed #MerrickGarland for ten months. Own that instead of using words like "fairly".
But not when he elected Garland
Yes, Republicans are civilized and have culture!
LMAO Cry Cry Cry
There were no questions about being too political. Als Sen had 58 Dems & 2 Inds w dems. They had 60 votes you couldn't do it.
And what about #MerrickGarland? #filibuster #FilibusterGorsuch
#MerrickGarland .... also, who are you whining to? #2018
And when Obama nominated Merrick Garland... notsomuch #hypocrite #SCOTUS
W/ democrats acting like they are..US  is indeed closer to its elimination, democrats pose bigger threat to US than ever.
Merrick Garland.
you didn't treat Garland fairly or with respect. You put personal gain and your party interests above the people, like always.
MERRICK GARLAND. Not a meeting. Not a hearing. Not a vote.
You didn't treat Garland fairly out with respect.
Garland!
Does your staff get tired of lying for you
I didn't realize the word FAIRLY was in your vocabulary
BUT NOT MERRICK GARLAND
again you take the moral high ground in words but show Moral bankruptcy in actions.
“.. my proudest moments.. when I looked at Barack Obama in the eye and I said, ‘Mr President, you will not fill this Supreme Court vacancy"
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland, February 2016
Garland ring a bell??
these were moderate judges; thoughtful nominations. You obstructed Merrick Garland & have offered an extreme candidate!
you have done this to yourself. Time for you to go home and stay there.
How would u characterize your treatment of well qualified Chief Judge Garland #StolenSeat
But, when Pres # Obama nominated Garlabd, you refused to give him even a hearing!
What about your disgraceful treatment of Garland?
Did you do so for Garland?
Tou never voted on Garland. At least be forthright with that. Don't just leave out data.
Merrick Garland
You're forgetting something aren't you? #MerrickGarland
TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT! C'mon Rebubs! This is your chance to grab the moral high ground!
And when he nominated Garland???
the democrats have no honor to fall back on. No surprise here They are a regional party now and no longer represent a majority in states
#GOP putting party before citizens! Forcing #SCOTUS Americans DO NOT want; nominated by #POTUS under investigation for crimes against #USA.
Your press release RE: Sotomayor expresses why we can't support Gorsuch.    Perhaps you should read it.
Senator McConnell, when Pres#Obama nominated Judge Garland, you didn't even allow him the opportunity to secure an  or  vote 
You should have filibuster sotomayor, she's is an interpreter of the constitution based on her views!
@McConnellPress yea Mitch you worked soooo  well with president Obama. So you were not the party of no. Give me a break.
what about when Obama nominated Merrick? You can not pick and choose situations suit your objective. What happened to Merrick?
Because you all Republican senators don't know how to work together. Twist those work Mitch. Use alternate facts. Don't vote for country.
Go away old man!!
@McConnellPress Put your ego aside Mitch no nuclear pick another candidate Trump should standing in front judge not choosing.
Why not Merrick Garland?
Merrick Garland.
Tell me about Garland...you  can't have forgotten Garland, have you @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP?
Yet when #Obama nominated Garland, you wouldn't even let a vote happen, you refused to bring it up for vote. A one man filibuster.
When Obama nominated Merrick Garland you didn't.
But #Obama was not under FBI investigation.
and how did you treat the last Supreme Court nominee, you remember Merrick Garland ...Disgraceful that's how,
You blocked #Garland for an entire year! #StolenSeat. You bring shame to our democracy.
But you blew it with Garland. Actions have consequences.
What about Garland though?
Merrick Garland.
Do you job - find consensus nominee.  That's how it is SUPPOSED to work,
You are on the wrong side of history.  Don't put party over country. No nuclear option.
President Obama sought bi-partisan input on noms, this so-called President outsourced it. Filibuster is for compromise. Find consensus nom
