It allows Planned Parenthood to keep on selling the organs of the human beings it kills & costs over 1 TRILLION DOLLARS.  Jerk. #winning
That movie was fake lady Oh the producers of it are under criminal investigation an will be going to prison soon You got gaslighted
1) not a "movie 2) full footage available on CMP website 3) forensic video analysis by multiple orgs inc PP sd not "fake" 4) PP apologized
PP did not The fetus was a miscarrage not an abortion w out permission of the patient Thats why producer's of movie is going to prision
This has the top 10 things in the vids, w/links to full footage. Read, watch, & then decide for yourself. Graphic.
You failed with this budget.
Seasonal #SmallBiz APPRECIATES your Support to #SAVEH2B in #APPROPS2017. THANK YOU! @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader
We want PPH DEFUNDED!! We want Sanctuary cities DEFUNDED!! @POTUS,
You are full of it. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP continuing on w/UR lies. Last 4yrs "fake" repeal/replace. @POTUS doing his part. Not @GOP
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP WTP gave you a @POTUS & both houses to represent us. POTUS #MAGA agenda, cause of old guard dishonesty, U don't get it!
Need full audit of pentagon and military spending. I fully support the troops, but most of the money will go to Trump Republican donors.
One of those three is a problem. The other two are wasteful political bullshit.
Americans were promised funding for the wall. Where is it at?
Dems/rinos are blocking it. Vote them out in '18 then the wall will happen.
#MAGA needs to get organized. To hell with this 'conservative'/'moderate' Swamp Thing crap that merely loses to Dems/Left. Deploy #MAGA folk
If you can't #MAGA, you can't do politics in America anymore. 
That's the standard we need.
@SenateMajLdr  Gov. spending bill: We do not have a Republican Party on Capitol Hill that can get its act together
The WALL! #TheWall THE WALL! THE WALL! DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD! Don't want 2 hear abt K street or any other big donor. If u can't lead GO!
Come
Too much compromise in this bill. Send it back to the House for some more work.
Total betrayal...more promises not kept. In other words, just more of the status quo.
We have it all yet we are caving to give away our power to the Left. FIX THIS!  We came out in droves for Trump & you stab us in the back.
and will also allow for the president golf like crazy, payed for by the taxpayers.
Trump should of gotten the full amount on Military. How many promises did you fund? Do you believe people care about congress, it's Trump!
New Border Agents & Aerial Surveillance can happen quickly. Cant wait 2-yrs for fences/walls so start ASAP. Glad new detentions ctrs !!
Just make sure those being monitored via elect devices havent committed violent crimes - theyll just cut off device & flee. Deport criminals
they all made promises they knew couldn't keep. 

Lock her up. Prez not investigated by fbi. Undo nafta. Djt can but too corrupt to do
He can do the 3 I mentioned. He can come clean on his taxes: help get out of fbi probe. He can undo nafta&lock her up but is too chicken.
Didn't think we would have to take @HouseGOP @SenateGOP to task Nov 2018. @POTUS only elected official in DC representing the ppl!
Horrible and what about the hunger and medical needs of our children @SenateMajLdr
i'm sure you realize if you don't do wall & other promises, you won't keep house & senate. Dems are working hard to make that happen
That's good, you gave in are you really a liberal. You who claim to be GOP need to grow a pair real cowards.
You are the face of republican hypocrisy.  Can't wait till 2020.
Increases HB visa's which hurts American workers. 2018 not looking good for republicans
100% agree but he's not up for reelection till 2020. We need to get congress to remove him as speaker till then.
Where were you 8 yrs ago
What about millions of babies being murdered by PP? What did they get?
yeah! how ?
So much for your concern about jobs, tax reform and real & replace. Flip flop much there turtle?
By getting rid of mandatory coverage for addiction treatment 
Sir-this budget is not the agenda we voted for! We are tired of the Democrats controlling everything-we gave you the majority-please use it!
if Dems try to shutdown the
gov, then Mitch should go nuclear to pass all legation w/ no holds or delays.
this will force the Dems to work.
You have betrayed the voters by not funding the wall
Let's just have all Trump supporters pay for this verkackte wall. THEY want it, THEY can pay for it. Let's see how much they want it then.
grow a pair, Mitch.  Your title has "majority" in it.  Act like you have one.
The military isn't weak. The threats to the U.S are NOT coming from Mexico. U could not care less about ppl w/drug addictions. Retire now
Because it's not black people on crack.
Is the only reason opioid addiction is a priority bc of the demographic that uses it what about crack, meth?
And funds Pl PrtHood, sanctuary cities, EPA etc. Looks like Harry Reid is back We wasted votes on Republicans #Termlimits
We are asking @POTUS to VETO THIS ABERATION. Americans don't want this budget! YOU are OK with funding PP? MY GOD!
Don't u get tired of being the laughing stock of the Dem-wits?
How about a bonafide budget, just one more time in my lifetime? It's the only way to stop all the frequent threatened govt shutdowns.

#chins
You have failed as @SenateMajLdr , sell out to RINO's and Dems! @POTUS must veto to safe his voters!
Finally our military won't be the laughingstock of the world... oh wait, they're already the best? I though you said they were crippled
Defund PP! Build the Wall! We voted to have that done! @potus
Did not know that you have Russians donating to your SuperPAC. Does FEC know?
Wasting my tax dollars on minimum issues you old white goppers create. Fiscal conservatives=wasting tax dollars on non-sense. #EvesPolitics
Yes...what about the wall...work with our President sir...be on the team
Legend in your own mind. That's not why we sent you Trump and majorities. Grow a pair or 18 will be a bloodbath for R's.
But we want the wall and PP defunded.
Repeal Obamacare and defund PP or please get out of the way and let a real Republican in
What Why are Dems getting funding for Obamacare and Planned Parenthood?  I might as well have voted democrat
Because close to a trillion dollars isn't enough for our military. Think of the good that could be done with that money.
Not to mention planned parenthood what voters do not want and NIH which the voters do not want wasting our money why don't you people know
Mitch fund the wall.
And continue to fund liberal pet projects that should be self sustaining by now. Very disappointed republicans are rolling over
So much rolling over! Oh my god. What they're TRYING to do is GOVERN. Turns out that's HARD. You have to have IDEAS and not just obstruct!!
Save it McConnell. UNBORN BABIES cont' to get murdered! Potus got rolled by his own party. You never FIGHT, too scared to stand up. Pussies!
this is a bunch of BS, McConnell. You and the other rhinos cave like quick sand to the Demos. House,Senate,Pres. And u'll suck
What about healthcare
I think some of the Biggest  users of OPIOIDS are in the WASHINGTON DC House and SENATE!
Itch build a wall around you.  Time to go home
It practically criminalizes funding the wall! What are you trying to pull? #FundTheWall #DeFundPlannedParenthood
We want the wall and sanctuary cities defunded!!!
What?????
But could it have prevented the civil war? Could this have been worked out?
called the Missouri compromise https://www.loc.gov/rr/program/bib/ourdocs/Missouri.html …
What about funding of Planned Parenthood, Sanctuary Cities, Obamacare??  Still funding what you lied to us about ? #pjnet @freedomcaucus
@SenateMajLdr PP funding is the most crushing blow of all @GOP is being led by Schumer and Pelosi. #enoughalready #toomanyRINOs #dts
YeH, man! Fuck women and their healthcare! Who cares about them!? They can suck it!
Strenthens border by not funding wall. Only in DC does such blather make sense. You betrayed your base. There will be consequences in 2018.
Trump has also issued secret waivers to ethics rules, so that political appointees can alter regulations @POTUS @realDonaldTrump CROOK LIAR
Let me be clear. You control the houses. Set the budget build the wall. Repeal maybe replace ACA. Show the Dems you are leading & can. NOW!!
NO TAXPAYER $ FOR THAT STINKING WALL.
You are still forcing me to pay for abortions by funding pph! This can not be worth celebrating Mitch! Go and be happy with yourself
Janet darling!  He did deliver
your SCOTUS/pro life judge.
Unfortunately to my dismay.
#PrisonMitch #RussianMoneyLaundering #TrumpRussia  
& funds rail in California & $ 4 Planned Parenthood WTH??!?!?
But did you repeal the Disabled Veterans Tax-S 66?
When has the military ever done without??
THIS BUSINESS-AS-USUAL GOP-ESTABLISHMENT IS LYING TO OUR FACE. THEY HAVE MAJORITIES IN BOTH HOUSES + WH + SC! THIS FOSSIL & RYAN MUST GO!
As a republican voter I can tell you one thing I'm doing is taking not on who I won't be voting for in 2018... the republicans get an F
Yes! Of course they do! Because they are INCAPABLE of governing. All they know how to do is OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT!
lies ....btw how is the family business any drug busts lately?
Don't forget #PP & no funding for #TheWall. (There really is no difference between a #Dem an a #GOP in #DC. Is there?
The American Republican voters are not stupid.  You caved.  Gave Democrats everything. My vote for 2018 will not go to a Repub. REP=LOSERS
But why does it still fund planned parenthood, fund Obamacare and not start construction of the wall?I am just curious why you gave so much?
VOTE THIS DEGENERATE LEFTIST-APPEASER THE HELL OUT! 

THIS IS THE KIND OF ANIMAL THAT WILL PI$$ IN YOUR FACE AND TELL YOU THAT IT IS RAINING
Build the wall!
I'm a Dem and can't stand you. Sounds like your own party can't stand you either.  Time for you to GO!
What's hidden in that bill that we don't want?
Once again pandering to lobbyists and the hell with the voters.
Pitiful and cowardly! You are still NOT building The Wall. And you continue to fund the death factory of "Planned Parenthood".
Really, where is the funding for the wall?  Get it together!!!
While we need the relief for Opioid addiction, why do we need more military?
Get djt to:

Lock her up
Undo Nafta 
Label China
Defeat isis
Not be investigated by fbi

He is too corrupt/weak to do anything.
When will #Congress be drug tested?
@SenateMajLdr Build The Wall... Please for God Sake's! You are making a Terrible Mistake if you Don't!
And TRUMP TAX bill will propose cuts to safety nets, relief for the richest. Out of touch!
BS. Resign turtle.  Lining your pockets off our backs.  Give up your healthcare
Not much of this was because of you. Left to you, the citizens of America would have been screwed to the max while big business won.
Defund planned parenthood!!!
Use more exclamation points!!! Maybe then he'll listen!!!!!!!!!
yeah, but it funds Planned Parenthood and Sanctuary Cities. 
GOP won the Election, y'all grow some balls and tell the Libs to kiss your ass.
What about those who are struggling with crack addiction? Or are they just criminals who don't deserve relief?
U forgot to mention about funding Planned Parenthood and sanc cities. U RINOs are really starting to piss me off....
That's a laugh.  Need a lot more than that to rebuild the military.

No Wall, PP still funded

No signficant cuts

You guys are still a joke
Remember how you dealt w/ ppl of color suffering from crack addiction?
De-fund and repeal Obamacare, planned parenthood and cut gov funding for wasteful gov agencies so we can #buildthewall #DoYourJob
Sooty, your credibility is extinct!!
Today's BORDER WALL CONSTRUCTION UPDATE: Miles completed yesterday-- Zero; Miles completed since Inauguration--Zero. NEXT UPDATE TOMORROW.
@realDonaldTrump  Should REFUSE to "sign" the bill ~
Let  the  Govmnt  shut  down, this  is   war!
And funds PP, and appropriated $0 to building border wall. #sucker
Why no wall?
the devil is in the details.....  WE DO NOT NEED TO "REBUILD" A MILITARY WE SPEND MORE ON THAN THE NEXT NINETEEN COUNTRIES COMBINED.
LMAO! We are not fooled!
And murder babies! Good job Republicans!
where is the wall funding?
#BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall  #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall #BuildTheWall
Hadn't seen that one. Joining my collection. 
#DefundSanctuaryCities
You fail s on a daily basis #MAGA #buildthewall #DefundPP
Now that white people are addicted & in the news @GOP cares?  USA military budget more than next 7 largest combined=pander to donor base
next time elected their opponents in the primaries Then elected  the  opponent against D in the G Elections. GOP Rino's out NEW GOP #maga in
B.S.
Just stop.
build the wall
No wall, 2x's H1-B wrong & wrong
Take care of USA - MAGA
How about building a wall, illegal immigration, repealing Ocare? You know, things we all voted for when electing @POTUS ? Get a backbone!
Does not defund Planned Parenthood or sanctuary states and cities or fund the wall. These are what #wethepeople want. Get'er done or get out
Knock off the platitudes. We want PP defunded, the wall to be built, OCare FULLY repealed, etc... You know, what we were promised! #RINO
You were promised a president not under fbi investigation, "lock her up", nafta removed, nato fully funded

What have you got?
Not much of a leader.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
And the presidents agenda, conveniently not addressed spending Bill, why is that? It is sickening to believe we control all branches n NADA!
#BuildTheWall What is wrong with you? We will replace as many of you as we can. #Purge18, you'll be switched for a Trump Republican. Bye!
Emoluments clause!! Country before party now
No wall, no O Care repeal /instead u fund PPH,  sanctuary cities.  @GOP are cowards.
Traitor! NOTHING IN THIS IS WHAT THE PRESIDENT WANTED OR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! WHO OWNS YOU???
Lies.WHERE IS THE WALL FUNDING BUB?
#BuildThatWall and #repealobamacare
WARMONGERS
Where is the WALL?
Why are we paying for abortions?
Why are we paying for sanctuary cities?
Why should we ever vote Republican again?
republicans are weak funded everything democrats wanted hope Trump don't sign off on it waste of tax dollars
Resign, out-of-touch old man...
If that is what you all just passed.  I hope Trump VETOs.  That is not what we want.  Your time is done!
Every single death in the opiod crisis in KY happened while you were Senator.  Why does it take death for you to care?
Why are u Repubs so frightened of the DEMS? Man up McConnell! You're about 2 make the Repub party Whigs...Get out of your bubble & listen!
Support our 45th's agenda Mitch! You work for him and us!! If you personally can't do it, get the hell out of the way! America 1st 
He works for his constituents, but NOT for POTUS. Review high school civics.
How about POTUS agenda? Border wall, sanctuary cities, planned parenthood defunding?
Yeah, stop trying to make it sound good. Now let's hear all the things the Dems got. We wanted Trumps agenda, not this BS.
Why do you deliberately fight the base of your party? Build the damn wall!
And fund PP, and fund illegals, and fund H1b visas, and fund everything the Dems want. What a disgrace the GOP has become.
Oh, guess what it didn't fund...THE WALL!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump do not sign this bill McConnell and Ryan don't fight for your platform
Bull.  Where is funding for the wall? Why are you still funding PPP? Disgraceful.
Cut funding to Planned Parenthood and PBS and cut the salaries and staff of congressman and senators  They are way overpaid for what they do
"Cut...PBS"

Yep, that 0.012% of the federal budget might pay for 5 bricks in the wall. Idiots.
every penny helps.  Waste is Waste
Who needs birth control & health services for men & women. The closing of PP clinics in TX has caused maternal DEATH RATE to multiply.
No more taxpayer abortion
More? There hasn't been any since 1976. Pay attention.
And allow planned Parenthood to keep killing babies with taxpayer dollars
This blood is on your hands
