The #GOP has majority but hell, you would never know it. I never seen so many aged men and women who are such cowards as you people
All POLITICIANS are corrupt liars. I did not vote #GOP, I voted TRUMP.
I don't consider TRUMP to be a Republican, he is an American who just happened to run as a Republican.
So a CR because you guys can't figure out a budget on time
Have you asked Schumer for permission? Mustn't do anything he doesn't approve.
Why dontMcConnell just retire we 
Paid for you' more then you'r worth!
Do you miss the good ole days when you could stick it to the black president by playing brinksmanship politics at times such these?
You are solely responsible for the gridlock of today thanks to you're personal stance the previous 8 yrs.
#disgusting #no whining from you!
@Lawrence @JoeNBC @KeithOlbermann @morningmika Try messing with ACA and your can forget it. @SenSchumer Shut it down it the make a move.
Is the bill three bullets on a post-card? What a joke.
WE wouldn't follow the LEADERLESS GOP out of a burning building!  DON'T YOU FORGET USA IS WATCHING YOUR FALSEHOODS & LIES!
Of course because you are so damn incompetent and can't do the REAL ACTUAL WORK. I can't stand the #GOP & I am a #Republican .
GOP has total control of the legislative and executive branches & you need a stop gap funding bill. More proof you can't govern. Party of NO
DO not cave in to Dem's demand to fund ACA out of Medicare for subsidies to insurance companies!!! This is WRONG!
If it was that important to you work over the weekend!!! That's your job RatBastard now do it!!! 11/6/18 YOU'RE OUT!!!
We would expect nothing less from you clowns.  Take some more time off!  LOL
#Congress can't get anything done on time. Change that to just can't get anything done at all. Congress' approval just fell from 24% to 20%.
Your party controls the house and the Senate.  What gives???  Sounds like some Republicans can't seem to come together. #dividedhouses

Thanks for sharing that, Sandy!
You're soon to be Minority Leaderless, instead of Majority LEADERLESS.  Your attempt to burden seniors, sick & poor is wrong!
@Potus  YOU want to let gov. shut down blame Dem.s 4 your failure.  Push harmful healthcare bill.  WE SEE YOUR FAILURE TO LEAD
And if you don't you'll change the rules?  More rigged voting?
No funding for  stupid wall, no hostage taking w/ Obamacare, & Trump needs to divest - conflicts of interest are 2 big to trust him or GOP
F
Why is this being thrown together like bad meatloaf? Too many republifuck chefs in the kitchen?
do nothing as ysual
What t hell r u thinking, "leader Mc ?" kick the can, kick the can, !!Someone needs to kick the can across the isle until you can't sit down
Are you going to openly share with ALL  congressmen,  or just your elite friends?
  
Mitch has stepped up to the plate & I'm happy about this. Thanks Mitch now work on Ryan...'how do we boot him out'..?
You are complicit!
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP Your @NancyPelosi @SenatorSchumer @SenateGOP Of course Maj Ldr, you cannot operate without your short-sighted CR's!
That's a good boy, papa trump will be proud of you
Nice job itch.   You do it again.
such a waste - you have had how many months to have a bill ready and y'all too worried about taking away health care and pp
NO excuse for CR. You just took 2 wks off knowing this was pending. Leaders don't push things off for their personal time. SAD
Avoiding do real work. American people want answers to Russia investigations, Trump taxes, and much more illegal activities dealt with.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Hey, at least you have lots of experience with impending shutdowns.
Merrick Garland
Just bury your head in the sand and keep screaming, see if that works
Oh ya it's because you refuse to be reasonable and work with Democrats
Why don't you try just passing a budget like you're supposed to instead of just kicking the can down the road and dealing with it later
You guys hold all branches of government and all you can come up with is short term plan?  Obama is gone what is your excuse?
no need to review. pass it and read it later !!
Ask the super deal maker to help u guys come to a negotiation. Sounds like you can't work anything out!
Why short term Mick? You have already unloaded a million tons of manure on the American public-you having trouble finding a spot to unload?
You are going to prison and will be remembered as a traitor.
you're so crazy hypocritical and greedy- it's laughable that we're supposed to consider you to be a public servant.
public nuisance and servant to Kochs/Putin.
Pass a budget and live by it like everyone else has to. We're tired of these continuing resolutions, short term fixes.
Why do you "leaders" always do this at the very end, when you even had vacation before. I would fire all of you. #swamp #Retire
@kaylatausche Hopefully, it will address the $20,000,000,000 debt that no one is talking about. Less gov=more freedom 4u&me.
more freedom to die.
Meanwhile, we all hope you get shut down! Its time for you to go home and get out of our government!
Money for the wall?
corrupt old fart
RUSSIA EMOLUMENTS

Big shit
