So did u continue to lie to them? U should be ashamed. Come one 2018. Time to clip ur wings.
Can the entire population of American women come next Tuesday at 2? Fix our healthcare! Thanks! See you then!
Nice you're in favor of it but that doesn't make it law-GOP controlled Congress & WH & not ONE piece of legislation passed!  CAN'T govern!
Republican voters say support Trump! Power of the vote, Speaker Ryan a Democrat in hiding
,,more bullshit from the peanut gallery
This is good.  Please realize everyone deserves good healthcare. @senategop @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan please go to the positive side on this.
GOP doesn't Care #trumprussia
The same kind of "permanent fix" you'd give your pet dog, right?
I would hope you are in favor of passing good legislation for the American ppl. If so get it to the president to sign. Those that have...
...been faithful to republican principles are looking forward to dismantling socialism in America. Quick action is needed!
Bourbon for all Socialist Mr. Mumbles
Fixing United Mine Workers Union Healthcare is a #SpecialInterest & #Cronyism. It isn't part of the #GeneralWelfare Clause of #Constitution
Don't the miners get healthcare from their employers?
This is in reference to retired union miners who had federally protected benefits that are at risk to be stripped thanks to @SenateMajLdr
Gary-please excuse my ignorance....why are the benefits federally protected?
During the Union strikes the federal government, unions, and companies made the agreement to setup the fund. Too many details to type here
Then if it was promised-it should be given. Thank you for the information.
No problem. The media has not done a good job giving the public all of the details and information
Because it's not sensational or pretty.
Similiar to railroad PERKS.?
and what about getting them training so hey can move out of the coal business into a safer field?
...ever hear of "Pursuit of Happiness"? Let ppl have Liberty to follow their own course through Life. https://www.conventionofstates.com/?recruiter_id=1425240 … #Individualism
oh look! A troll who changes the subject.
Now let's be sure that any healthcare bill that replaces Obamacare, the law will apply to all including senate and congress. @POTUS
TRANSLATION: Thanks for the visit @MineWorkers. But you're still fucked… #TaxCutsForTheRichFuckThePoor #TrumpRussia
Thanks @MineWorkers for visiting my office. I'm in favor of permanent fix on miner's healthcare & working to include in final spending bill.
Please, please take care of healthcare for not only the coal miners but for ALL Americans.
And tell all of taxpayers exactly why one select group of Americans should get guaranteed health benefits while the rest of us don't?
If you really cared about the people in your state you would retrain them for new jobs in the alternative energy field.  Coal is going away
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
The best way to preserve the health of miners is to keep them above ground & invest in new job opportunities for their communities #JustDoIt
You lie!
Sure you are.
Good crisis management principle.
When was the last time you went into a mine to visit the workers, to see what conditions they're forced to work in?
It's a lie, don't believe you.
You favor lining your own pocket and tRUMP business as well. Tax cut to 15% gives that biz lots more money, huh? Retire now avoid the rush.
Don't worry Mitch, the fix is in.
why just miner healthcare? McConnell is a waste. McConnell also voted good healthcare for himself and the rest of congress
https://www.vox.com/2017/4/25/15429982/gop-exemption-ahca-amendment … SHAME ON REPUBLICANS!
Wish you would retire
This is what the Senate is allowing by not funding the wall. You are no better than the Democrats.
"Permanent fix" doesn't necessarily mean a good fix, does it? And what about the rest of Americans?
EVERYONE deserves good, AFFORDABLE healthcare. Not Just coal miners. BTW they all probably have pre-existing lung disease.
U SUCK, always have, always will...STOP CLOTURE and get things done for the people. WE GAVE U THE MANDATE..FIGHT FOR US FOR ONCE
NOT JUST MINER'S HEALTH CARE...ALL WORKERS HEALTH CARE.  OF COURSE, BEFORE ACA, THEY HAD MINIMUM ACCESS AND YOU DIDN'T CARE AT THAT TIME
You are worst than Trump mean untrustworthy leaders.
What's the hold up and why do you refuse to speak to the people you have campaigned on for years? You owe the #coal fields and the #miners
You say this now, but you are insincere. A false politician corrupt and bland. You represent the worst of America. Shell of a man.
Thanks for standing firm and waiting for Neil Gorsuch.
GorSUCKS
Why support a industry that harms it's workers & only cost American's $ to treat their diseases? GREED!!! You just want votes.
Poor man, looks like you were pressured, or shamed into trying to do something positive & good for a rare change!
You are a racist
blah blah
As long as that doesn't mean you have to actually legislate anything then no way Jose.
THE NECK POUCH IS COAL POWERED!
Except that whole repeal ACA, Medicaid & funding cuts for NIH. You're selling stinky BS--I hope @MineWorkers aren't buying.
Weak! Tickets! So true.
Thanks for the VAGUE. They won't know they're screwed until it's too late.
How about a Border Wall?!?!  #MAGA
PLEASE RETIRE ALREADY , ur entire " GOP " R FULL OF ANARCHISTS OUT 2 DESTROY USA 4 PRIVATIZED PROFIT N POWER.
How about all Americans!
The best way to help miners' health is to retrain them to be software engineers or to work in #CleanTech!
Arbys employs more workers than coal mining. And you'll say anything to maintain your position. Shameful, sir.
Easy fix for all. #SinglePayer
Universal health, ACA part 2, & some honest results if the houses bill EVER gets passed. Why just them, so many corp layoffs w/out severance
... will lose benefits as part of the 20 million people scheduled to lose benefits as Obamacare (ACA) is repealed and replaced!
Which it is convenient for you since the AHCA did not make it to the Senate. Are mine owners paying for health care. How many miners..
You need to get our wall built. You've been found lacking as far as our Presidents CABINET!  Get to WORK!
Awesome! What about the rest of US? @CNN @vicenews @nytimes @washingtonpost @MotherJones @SenJohnMcCain
 They threaten to throw u back in the pond Turtle? #Trumprussia  #Traitors
Oh pork barrel 4 ur state, what about the West?
I thought guberment wasn't supposed to pick winners and losers...
Yet many in the GOP oppose that policy.  You can't govern, but the GOP is great at fixing elections.  #fascist
Sure! Make sure to deny ACA credits in the spending bill. That will help!
Break a hip McConnell
convenient of you to block it for 8 yrs n now support it! Was it because Obama was a Dem or because he was black? Either way you're corrupt!
How about legislation to assist in retraining them for work in renewables instead of hanging on to Fossil Fuels, a dead industry, duh!
You gonna give them their jobs back too?
u know if u fixed Obamacare, u could help so many more.....did u know that Arby"s has more employees than there are coal miners in the USA?
Here's a permanent fix: STOP WORKING IN MINES.
@McConnellPress @MineWorkers Sure you are, Mitch.  You're as big a liar as your Fuhrer.
Obama gave Iran over $150 BILLION taxpyr dollars-Trump wants ONLY 1 billion for border security +monies 2update r badly needed military!!!
You must repeal Ocare, cut taxes and build the Wall!  No Excuses!! End the filabuster on legislation. Gotta do it!!
This is a good thing!
(Has someone hacked your account?)
Thank you favoring a permanent fix on miners healthcare and working to include in final spending bill.
Since when???????
Retire please.
We voted for a wall, build the wall or return to Ky with your tail between your legs and we'll send someone to DC with guts.
Coal ind. employment down 700 in WY. But we put out over 73,000,000 tons of coal this yr, sold abroad. Better mining and more trade.
DOG-WHISTLING THROUGH LIFE WITHOUT A CARE FOR ANYONE BUT YOURSELF.
We also know that you've gotten dirty RUSSIAN money yourself. It's going to be a full time job to work against you unless you're in jail!
Do you care at all that Flynn had no clearance and WH can't be bothered to supply documents? We know the answer Mitch-KY will oust you.
If Mitch made preserves in his Kentucky home, would they be Mitch-KY jelly?
We'll believe it when we see it. If it's not white and green and named Benjamin you ain't interested.
Also need to get ALL Trumps cabinet approved it's a shame that there not all approved. It goes back on y'all actions speak louder than words
It's time to vote McConnell out of office. He lost his way a long time ago. Corrupt,obstructionist. He has disgraced his party and himself.
Then retrain the miners to #cleanenergy jobs #closecoalmines
MAGA
Mitch:  News Flash for you.  NO ONE like you.  People HATE you.
I suppose this will cost close to zero since there are hardly any mine workers left.
Are they KKK like you?
Sure hope so ....
So glad you're winning the fake #Waroncoal.  How many new jobs have been created in WV and KY? I'll be waiting, Turtleneck....
Silly Senate Leader... you know you don't care about people.
Talk to @housegop and tell them that RYAN HAS TO GO! #maga #trump
Maybe you culd come up witha Healthcare bill?  Still waiting for you to do something besides obstruct.
Wait Mitch DID bring back his ridiculous COAL INDUSTRY thereby pissing on the 140 country's that sign the Paris Climate Accord...
And why wouldn't you meet with them?  Cowardice?
How about doing something that helps everybody, instead of just those who donated to your campaign!
Working on it since when?
Build the wall
Russia
bull. All you're interested in is being old and corrupt and filling your pockets at other people's expense. 
U lie. U could care less about miners
@McConnellPress @MineWorkers If @realDonaldTrump can support coal companies,he can ensure healthcare for their abused workers.
Are you also in support of universal healthcare for all Americans?  Without giving tax cuts to the wealthy or denying preexisting conditio?
That would be a resounding NO!!
@McConnellPress @MineWorkers Srsly? How about teachers? How about stay at home parents? How about healthcare for EVERYBODY?
Exactly
Black Lung
You have been very quiet on this to date.  Looks very disingenuous!
Itch you never fixed anything. Never mind permanent, the only thing permanent is that you clowns are all paid for. You jump when they say to
How about affordable accessible and competent care for all Americans not just the special interest that voted for GOP.
Give these people health and forget the stupid wall
Hypocrite.  Resign turtle.  #ImpeachTrump
So would you say that their job needs regulations & is dangerous, so they need guaranteed healthcare? How does that differ from others?
why don't you have an answering machine or people answering phones in your office? you represent all Americans now. you need to listen.
Why... Cowardice. That's why he doesn't have the phonesmanned. I'm shocked he tweets!
All Americans should expect to have the same healthcare as congress!
I have one word for you - #Medicareforall
I'll bet they wore their headlamps and hard hats because you are so rock headed
Where are the handouts for my industry?
Well there's a conspicuous display of disingenuous bullshit from the most damaging elected official in U.S. history. #Setting on the bill
Wow NAILED IT, thanks
Phuk. U
Employers who willfully contribute to the illnesses of their workers should be held responsible. You are proposing corporate welfare.
Guess the Koch millions were not enough for Mitch... God knows how much he got from dirty Coal industry $$$$$$
Coal.  The future... of backward thinking.
You will do nothing because you don't care
Coal is dead, Mitch and you are attempting to repeal the ACA!
Don't believe a word this #hypocritical clown says, this person is only worried about himself
The only thing you're in favor of is telling people what they want to hear.  And then doing absolutely nothing.
Thank you.
Merrick Garland
You're welcome. Thanks for tickling my balls.
How about we include Returning Worker language in the final spending bill. Support US jobs and seasonal biz who hire LEGALLY #SAVEH2B
Special treatment of 20k miners but you want to gut ACA? Mixed messages
Just as mixed as his, and his accomplices insane, and inane mind always is!
GREAT FOR YOU BUT SCREW THE WALL TO KEEP OUT THE ILLEGALS AND ISIS FIGHTERS BUILDING ON THE BOARDER.
The ACA accomplished this and you want it repealed
Can the Turtles  meet with you at the pond?
#TrumpUglyKlans(PowerDrunkRepublicans) #Enablers4IDIOTS #AntiConservative #MISERS #Traitors #4PutinKleptocracy #Plague666 #TrumpBRAND666
Mitch McConnell is a power drunk Republican!
#Beattyville
Are you talking about putting a cap on my black lung healthcare dollars?
Complicit Lyin McConnell. Corrupt from head to toe
Miners need to be retrained. Mining cause lung disease
But you're not for affordable healthcare for ALL Americans and for healthcare for women? #corruptGOP
Can't do squat without Dems and all that yelling is driving us the other direction. 2/3 majority to pass and it's not there.
Maybe you crazies could all get together with your blessed guns and take one another out after a big prayer session. #MAGA
Yes I see you must resemble a cheap pair of Ivanka shoes-classy chic!
Well that pretty much says it all doesn't it, good luck with that.

So dumb, batteries by Tesla save sun and wind energy.
Your wife screwed miners when she relaxed safety regulations.
FUND THE WALL NOW, Senator! Obama shoved ACA down our throats and ur not even able to REPEAL IT? What kind of conservative are you?
Maybe one miner endorsed BO but none voted for him
Endorsements are meaningless if the workers don't vote for the endorsee I'm in KY and know miners they def didn't vote for him
I caught that - just pointing out they didn't vote for him - hadn't thought of monetary angle good point
You are in favor of a lot of things, I'm in favor of you retiring
Need funds for the wall!
More Propaganda from the chickenshit @GOP grow some balls and investigate #Trumprussia.
fund the damn wall
Your time is up
