You said you wanted to let the voters decide. Now you want to let a president who most voters didn't want decide?
NO most wanted him, only California gave him Popular vote. States don't count twice, thank goodness.
Doesn't matter what state they're in. One person, one vote - and Trump got 2.6 million fewer votes.
So U don't know how it works. They don't teach anything today do they.
Mitch said "let the American people decide," not "let the electoral college decide."
#hypocrite
yeah Liberals know how it works.
- Yes we do ... the GOP will cheat to keep power. End of Story.
it's dems trashing, looting, burning, beating people up, smashing windows, women's march trashed DC.  Disrespectful
Merrick Garland remember you bragged how you looked Obama in the face and told him you would block everything
No  he does not deserve a pick That all on McConnelll tooo
Steal from the poor to get to the rich
I agee
And you and the rest of Republicans don't.  Hypocrisy at the highest level. Go suck a lemon.
You should take some pride in how well you taught them!
may need a mental evaluation. His memory of how he and the GOP treated @POTUS44 does not in any way reflect the truth.
@realDonaldTrump #GOPHypocrites
Because you pulled a #stupid and blocked a reasonable Merrick Garland as one.

So you are asking Democrats to reward the GOP's shenanigans with the Merrick nomination? You swore an oath, sir.
Before Obama had served a full day, you vowed to oppose everything he did. @POTUS @astandy
.@SenateMajLdr Just as you did for a large part of last year!! Hypocrite obstructionist much??
Before @POTUS has even named his #SCOTUS nominee, Democrats have already started with their same tired rhetoric. 
my my, does that "same tired rhetoric" sound familiar Senator?
Who was it that fought the nominee last year?
they learned from the best at it. YOU. If HRC was in office it's exactly what you would still. E doing.
The level of HYPOCRACY is astounding! You changed  the rules.  YOU did that!
CONFIRM MERRICK GARLAND THEN
In the Real World if Your Absent for a Vote you Miss Out! Dems are not JFK Dems anymore! I Know I was a Dem!
Ha! How's it feel to be the recipient of the same rhetoric the Republicans used for 8 years?
@McConnellPress @POTUS HOW DARE YOU YOU STOLEN THIS SEAT. BULL YOU ARE SLIME AND NEED TO GO. IN 2020 YOU'RE GONE
Funny. Remember "we will do everything in our power to ensure Pres Obama is a 1 term president" 
You said that, no?
HYPOCRITE! #shameonyou
. @SenateMajLdr @McConnellPress @POTUS according to you the #nra tells you who should be on the Supreme Court
Just repeating your rhetoric from last year,  @SenateMajLdr !
Before @POTUS has even named his #SCOTUS nominee, Democrats have already started with their same tired rhetoric. 
hey, we had to listen to yours ad nauseum for the past eight. Tit for tat, get used to it.
I'm so mentally exhausted by Rep. hypocrisy in Congress this past week I can barely even mock you.

You look like a turtle.
love your post twice!
they learned it from you Turtle
Mitch McConnell you are truly the malignant cancer to our democracy & will be responsible for our Nation's Destruction
Mitch McConnell if you change to Nuclear Option - Know this... It is for your own agenda and does not represent JUSTICE
you're both despicable! Stop tweeting!
sounds just like something you did...REFUSING to do your job
Is this any different than how you behaved when when Merrick Garland was nominated.
Dimms are cutting their own throat. Republican mid term #landslide 2018.
you started the rhetoric, by not voting on Obamas pick.. it was his right...
Garland. Garland. Garland. Garland. Garland. Garland. Garland. Garland. Garland.
Says the man who did the same thing last year. You must have alzheimers. Time to retire!
@McConnellPress @POTUS it's YOUR maneuver you hypocrite. By Odin, have you no shred of embarrassment? Of Shame?
they learned from you
The majority leader just doesn't realize "what goes around comes around "
You should know tired rhetoric since it's one of your favorite tools. #Shameful #Hypocrite
oh the hypocrisy #RESISTANCE
You have turned hypocracy into an art. This is gourmet quality. Please don't stop. I want to see how far you can take this.
the same u gave obamas nominee. Hypocrites
You ain't dealing with the same spineless Dems anymore. Your #SCOTUSnominee is ILLEGITIMATE & will not be filled w/o Garland.
payback.
Hyprocrite! You have forfeit the right to complain! All you did was obstruct democracy, now you complain? Resign!
#MerrickGarland
Any Trump nominee other than Merrick Garland is unacceptable. Save your same tired rhetoric, obstructionist!
Remember how u treated Garland & Obama? We still do.Time to get rid of U old white men
Your words “One of my proudest moments is when I told Obama that he would never get his Supreme Court Nominee confirmed
stop slamming Democrats for what they do or don't do and listen to the American people and work for us!
NO they r using ur old tired rhetoric   U boobs have just traded places
just nuke them now Mitch and head off their phony & needless theatrics. Don't even give them the chance or headlines.
And they protested with ready made signs a moment after he announced his pick. Subversives and obstructionists.
do you not remember your year of obstructionism? #hypocrite #stoppresidentbannon #stolenjustice
your words:  “...will Merrick Garland] have a hearing, and will it be taken up by the Judiciary Committee. He will not be."
@McConnellPress @POTUS the same respect you give president Obama. Short memory Mitch?
@McConnellPress @POTUS karma
Yeah, the same crap you spouted when Obama nominated his SCOTUS candidate. Guess you have dementia now.
Mitch, you need to retire. They're using the same rhetoric you used in not even giving Merrick a hearing. GFY

YOU ARE JUST CONTINUING YOURS.
How many Republicans refrained from espousing rhetoric when Obama tried to appoint a new Supreme Court Justice?
You mean that Republicans are knowingly betraying us, selling us out to Putin and Bannon? It's not rhetoric, it's fact.
How can you even live with your own #hypocrisy? In a normal person, the cognitive dissonance would be CRIPPLING.
#StolenSeat
You're the one who played party power games w/ M. Garland- not even giving him a hearing.
You reap what you sew turtle boy. I hope they make your life hell. Census Gerrymandering will soon end.
oh you mean the same rhetoric you led for the past 8 years? Time to realize how pathetic you are.
let's get him confirmed and move on
Democrat Party r sending out emails to contact theirSenator to reject #SCOTUS . I am on email list bc I mail a protest
@McConnellPress With all due respect, the @NRA only ordered you to not CONFIRM Garland, you went further, refused hearing
@McConnellPress Dear Senator, please don't just stop at playing the Obama card, show your whole "Obstruct @potus44 " hand.
Your Rhetoric Republican?You are ideology is old and your job is to represent the people.
Gary olmdan in Hannibal you gotta see it you look just like him
those in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.  To quote the Prez, Fake news
Hypocrite. No integrity. You are not a patriot.
@SenToomey Short memory. How long did you obstruct Obama? Remind us what happened to Merrick Garland.
don't let them get away with anything else that is why we are in the mess we are in now with our country
"Before POTUS even named his SCOTUS nominee, McConnell has already started with his same tired rhetoric." #alternativememories
@McConnellPress @POTUS uh really? You're a hypocrite and a weak leader and will go down on th wrong side of history
only you would recognize "tired rhetoric "
Like saying #1 priority is to make #PresidentOneTerm?
pretty ironic given your willful and myopic obstruction of a Merrick Garland nomination last year, Big Oil Mitch
Merrick Garland.  Does his name ring a bell?
this is a joke right? After 8 yrs of obstruction lead by you, this was your speech?? 
Hypocrite. You are a danger to this country's democratic institutions. Shame on you.
the Dems learned from watching GOP these past 8 years. Remember.."we will block everything Obama tries to accomplish"
2words...Merrick Garland
If Senate GOP keep their steel spines (like this morning) I just might like you again.  You go!!
You're a low life hypocrite MERRICK GARLAND remember him? And your obstruction of OBAMA who WON the election by popular
You showed them how to do it. You set this fine example of behavior for the Democratic senators.
which they learned from you, you #hypocrite!
You are your colleagues blocked Obama every step of the way. You're a bunch of Hypocrites! #TheResistance #FuckTrump
"Only Republican obstructionism is defensible" - Mitch McConnell. It's not what you say, but it's what you mean.
, Might I remind you that you blocked @POTUS44 from appointing a new SCOTUS nominee for a year?
But last year, your most proudest moment was telling Obama that he will not select the next SCOTUS. Sad. Hypocrite
baby murderers r gnashing their teeth in demonic rage: garland didn't get confirmed for holy reason #infantholocaust
Really??? It should sound familiar since u did the same thing before @BarackObama had announced his nom. #ResistTrump
That's your rhetoric. Your rhetoric, McConnell. Obstruct and block. Shameful un-American stooge.
Mr. Obstructionist himself complaining about obstruction. You wrote the book, Mr. McConnell. Stand down.
Like you have done in the past.  YOU are part of the problem.
Just like you did to Obama.
Current unofficial polling show Real Americans; GOP, INDEPENDENTS & DEMS view Congressional DEMS as obstructionist.
Please bring this circus to an end quickly. Even if you have to use nuclear option. This pot has boiled over.
uhm, technically... it's YOUR tired rhetoric.
.@SenateMajLdr When @POTUS44 was elected, you said your number one agenda was to ensure he would be 1-term. You have no moral high ground.
What do you call your rhetoric?  My late mother called it the  DEATH RATTLES. The yammering of a person too feeble
you set the stage for this by not giving garland a hearing. He should be sitting on #SCOTUS & u know it. Suffer!
.@SenateMajLdr @POTUS Feel familiar. Looks like @chuckschumer is taking some pages out of your playbook, Senator.
Your rhetoric died from constant exposure to your own ignorance and hypocrisy. You have neither shame, nor credibility.
They learned from you... #dontwhine
You did the very same to Merrick Garland, in violation of the Constitution.@SenateMajLdr @POTUS
Mitch there is no bigger hypocrite than you.  Shame on you.
your rhetoric #scotus no need for a justice for a year no need for one now
You caused this.  Your 2 announcements have disrupted government. No Obama, no Garland.
Really? Hello Pot, meet Kettle...
didn't you use the same rhetoric to block Obama's SCOTUS pick?  That's what I thought...#resist
You mean the rhetoric you started last year when President Obama made a nomination? Seems justified to me.
You, sir, are the King of Selective Memory. You get what you give so you can't say you didn't expect this.
The Republicans stole this seat. Waiting for Garland hearing or anybody who won't turn our country into a Theocracy.
YOU created this mess. Get your noses out of your personal checkbooks and think of how history will judge.
Block for 4 years what a concept?!?!
I hope one day your grandchildren will be so ashamed of your legacy they'll deny being yours.
says the guy who made a cateer out of opposing ANYTHING under our last president.
When do you retire? How much longer do we have to deal with you?  Just go away!
when you represent a state behind Alabama in median income, you should really shut up, non contributor
I'm concerned you might be brain damaged. Do you have an etch-a-sketch memory Senator?
You are so thoroughly corrupt, McConnell, and a sad testiment to being in a state with lots of low information voters!
No hearings for the last scotus nominee? Correct YOUR ANTI CONSTITUTION BS, then school America & The WORLD!
They learned it from watching you.  But hey, your wife got a cabinet position, right?
You mean YOUR rhetoric? Don't act like we weren't here for your bullshit with Garland.
and you did the same last year. Hypocrite
PLZ stop with this "Democrats vs Republicans".  This is America, do what is best for our country--NOT your party!
Dear Mitch, you decided on being nonproductive before Obama got started.  What's the beef? Trump's noms want to destroy
well, here's new rhetoric for you: We dissent. We resist. You will lose.
Wrong, It is your rhetoric that is tiresome but not forgotten.  Same treatment as Merrick Garland.  We will not forget.
Turnabout is fair play!
nope not gonna happen. Americans are not as stupid as u think we r. Merrick Garland-we will never forget. U wont get away w it
Sounds like something YOU'D Do! Oh wait you already did it!  #HypocriteTurtleFace!
Said the obstructor, aguy that hasn't done anything the past 8 years.
