no quiet as slow as Obama's @scotus nominee, which you blocked.
reap what you sow. It's called karma
Doing their jobs.
Are you gonna talk about the latest missile deployment? Or defend Trump's cozying up to Russia
That's no doubt due to the fact a number of the candidates are very questionable characters #cabinet
Do your job and investigate the WH! Do your job and investigate the WH! Do your job and investigate the WH!
it'd be faster if you had let putin pick the cabinet, comrade
@SenJohnMcCain DO WHAT IS BEST FOR COUNTRY. BEST TO INVESTIGATE KNOW BEFORE TIME MARCHES ON ! #REMEMBERNIXON
Perhaps our Pres has shown his picks are not always above board and require some investigation. #safethansorry
#DISGUSTINGHYPOCRITE  #YOUMUSTBEKIDDING  #INVESTIGATETRUMP  #CRIMEINTHEWHITEHOUSE  #WESEE
BUSY ON US Congresswoman Maxine Waters, #Russian 'invasions from Lvov to Limpolo'... https://youtu.be/pEEwIUMedzs 
Praying daily for you & Senate. stand  united with our @POTUS. God bless & protect our USA. 
@SenWarren McConnell why are u always talking bad about Sen Warren?? U rep's.should be very afraid #impeach
We The People demand an OPEN investigation for the Flynn fiasco!  Shame on you! We don't trust you!
Please shut up. It sounds like nails on chalk board coming from the 8 years you stalled Obama. Flynn, Russia?
Thanks for your hard work on this front. Plz tell R's to stop boring a hole in the ship lest we all go down!
or maybe cause #Puzder when you drop a heap of crap on someone you can't expect them to clean in a day.
How dare you..the people that 
R's being put up R not qualified .. Typical Repubs.    LIAR..LIAR
was Puzdur one you wanted to move fast on? He would have been a resignation like Flynn instead a withdrawal
Thank GOD! You are the worst!
tell us. how slow last year's confirmation was of the SCOTUS nominee?You are everything wrong in politics
and you are voting in the most incompetent and corrupt cabinet members. Feels treasonous to me old man!
PLS tell Sen he's 1 of the most despised distrusted men in the USA. Tell him a used-2-be republican said so.
Nope. President not cooperating and not vetting his nominees early caused this.
First thatsa lie. Next, slowest awardgoes to your reaction to the treasonous actions of the administration. 
do you like how it feels? Tit for tat McConnell!
This is a filthy lie. Shame on you and your party. #FlynnRussia
Stop putting forward ridiculous candidates! #sad
Select Committee to Investigate Trump and Russia ties !!  Get to it, you old coot !!
Good!
. You need to put America first, and put your love of power aside.  DO YOUR JOB! Independent review of WH - NOW
as they should. Meanwhile. GOP rubberstamps the Fuhrer's commands. Do your job, get some backbone.
@SenJohnMcCain PLEASE SENATOR MCCAIN BE A DRIVER BEHIND A PUSH TO INVESTIGATE RUSSIA TIES TO TRUMP ADMIN. !
@SenJohnMcCain DO YOUR JOBS PLEASE. SENATOR MCCAIN PLEASE BE A LEADER AND FIND IF  RUSSIAN TIES ARE PRESENT!
Senator get real and DO YOUR JOB? INVESTIGATE RUSSIA TIES!  THEY POSSIBLY STOLE ELECTION! DO NOT HIDE THIS!
Back investigation into President's ties to Russia, his taxes, and Flynn.
And your wife should not be on the Pres. Cabinet with you being privy to classified docs and downplaying Flynn
that's really what you have to say today when our national sec is at stake. #russia. You're clueless
This from Mr. Hypocrisy, the man whose "proudest accomplishment" was blocking President Obama.
Is slower worse than NEVER when you refused to fill Scalia's seat? Hypocrite.
why is that?such a parade of buffoons.GET A SPINE. @nytimes @ResistanceParty @SenSanders @codepink @marwablue
Guess you were absent the day they covered hypocrisy. See above for good example.
Not true.   Cabinets of other presidents have been slower
because they are trying to prevent the most incompetent Cabinet in ALL of history
. Fuck Mitch the learned it from you do quite f compiling
We need  to figure out who's in Puyins pockets first! The ones confirmed will be gone soon too!
You know that's a big Ole Lie! President Obama's Cabinet wasn't in place until March.
What's wrong with you??
bigger fish to fry swamp king. RussiaRussiaRussia
when are you going to get serious about ? trumps lies
You should be calling for a full investigation of the President's involvement with Russia! #treason #doyourjob
let's try this again, you tried to block everything Obama wanted to do.. just because he was black
kind of hurts doesn't it? Now you know how is Dems feel after the last 8 years of Repub obstruction!!
@clantro @SenateMajLdr 
So they can create CHAOS in Trump Admin & DIVISION in Republican Party.
STAY UNITED!
DON'T ALLOW 
Time to resign Turtle.
I do believe you also knew about the Russian hacks.
--payback's a b-----! isn't it
The Dems are still waiting for their SCOTUS pick! Get over it hypocrite!
Eat Shit Mitch "intrigue" what "intrigue" did Obama have? You're not going to win this one bud! No Way!!!
seriously do you ever speak the truth?
Not Democrats. AMERICANS!! You and your ilk crushing our Constitution. Discusting creep.....
.@McConnellPress @SenateMajLdr e Why are you refusing to have an open investigation into Flynn and others traitorous collusion with Putin?
dear Mitch I suggest you start supporting Pres. Trump if you investigate the leaks state you start with Dems
they don't care about our country
nothing about Gas & Oil payments to foreign govs. Koch Bros thank you
And that's a giant line of bullshit. Look back to the last president. #taxfattenedjackass
Consider id'ing candidates that are more qualified? We constituents demand better. I bet u already knew that
proof positive talk about the dems but not a peep about possible Trump admin criminal activity.
And weakening our country by doing it.
Then stop waiting for them... just get the job done!
And Senate Republicans are rubberstamping the fastest treasonous Presidency in history.  Shame !
stop cheating on the senate rules and they wouldn't have to move this slow. Open and honest is the concept.
Republicans and Trump need to stop LYING.
And about that SCOTUS nominee...Garland? Whatever happened to that?
Because the cabinet is unqualified! Investigate Trump and his taxes. Stop deflecting!
you guys need to fix this. There has to be a way to make them do their jobs
Not quite as slow as the confirmation process for Merrick Garland last year, which you did not allow to begin!
Slower than the Obama Supreme Court confirmation?  Oh, wait!  Hypocrite much?
Karmas a bitch isn't it Mr.Obstructionist.
Unlike judge Garland, they at least will get a hearing. SHAMEFUL
because they're either unqualified or corrupt or BOTH.
no not true. Obama didn't have a complete cabinet till march 19. didn't have to fire anyone in first 3 weeks
Then don't go on breaks, stay in session 6 days/week... U're blowing the 6months window
Pres Trump needs his people in place, everyday Dems then media "Target" someone new stalling progress!
Democrats are causing delays..questionable nominees are the problem who are not forthcoming or worthy of post.
.@McConnellPress @SenateMajLdr Quit repeating this FALSE line. Clinton didn't have Cabinet in place til Mar 11; GHWB Mar 17; Obama April 28
"Why did Obama's take so long???" She asked naively.
good same as you did to President Obama . The White House is a mess sick of all of you.
the most UNQUALIFIED CABINET in history
it's difficult for democrats to walk and chew gum at the same time
They're "causing"  nothing. They are questioning candidates . Called doing one's job.  GOP should look into it
Don't worry, its the #McConnelStandard .You know, obstruct everything.Just like you did for 8 years.#GetOverIt
nobody is noticing due to the incompetence of Trump and his team
The confirmations are slow because the candidates are AWFUL. Duh.
This is a good thing! #resist
worst cabinet picks ever! #SwampCabinet
this alone should be the number one news in All America
seriously...all this Russia stuff is seriously distracting
