Merrick Garland deserved hearing and a vote.

#gorsuch is #illegitimate and you played a prime role thereby tarnishing both of you forever.
Deserved?  Is this a constitutional argument?  A moral argument?
What happened here, and actually back to McConnell's 'one term' position was pure partisanship. GOP isn't working in public interest.
I would argue it is the logical result of the politicization of the Courts at the heart of "living constitutionalism."
Furthermore, we've seen right wing nationalism and overt racism, that has been there lurking, rising to the surface with Trump co.
Not sure what that has to with Gorsuch or the legitimacy of his position on the Court.
14 mos ago, Merrick Garland was nominated to the SCOTUS by a sitting president. McConnell chose not to have hearing. And destroyed 60 vote.
Yes & 14 months ago the leadership of Senate told the President it would not consider any nominee before the election.
Harry Reid did that.
Quit making excuses. This will forever be on YOU.
Yep and when Garland passed. . .oh wait, you refused to hold hearings on him in an unprecedented first-ever move!  #StolenSeat
Tradition is only important when it works to your benefit of the moment. Stop trying to make it look like something else.

Mitch you changed the constitution.
Republican rule book-  IF AT FIRST YOU DON'T SUCCEED, CHANGE THE RULES.
there is no Biden Rule and you know it. History will remember you ruined the senate. Horrific. Party over country. Ego alone.
Liar.
No it didn't, don't treat the voters as if we are dumb. Have you gone senile?
Liar
Your constant attempts to blame others for your hypocrisy shows how little you value personal responsibility and integrity.
Let's continue to blame everyone else for our choices, shall we? At what point does someone say let's stop being babies? Obvs, not You. 
No, you didn't follow any standard. The standard is spelled out in the constitution. That little prop you like to keep in your jacket pocket
That is a total bullshit statement.
If they wanted Garland appointed, they should have won the senate in 2014. Elections have consequences.
Biden didn't set a standard. You're lucky you can say anything you want and still sleep at night. Lying gives me insomnia. Keep trading 4
#sadlittleman
Never in the history of our country with almost a year left of a president's term was a Supreme Court nominee refused a hearing McHypocrite.
That's a lie. You denied President Obama from replacing Scalia.  
#AlternativeFacts
#ProfitsOverPeople
#MidtermsMatter2018
Scali's seat was President Obama's to fill. A legally elected sitting POTUS. Trumperdink was NOT legally elected. #falsepotus #ITMFA
Poor leadership on your part, not a great role model, and incredibly obvious in behavior to a small child taunting all the rest-true tRump .
MERRICK GARLAND
Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland "If Hillary wins we will block every nomination!" Hypocrite!
There. Is. No. Biden. Rule.
There is no standard Biden Rule. You put party before country.
BULLLLLSHIIIIITTTTTTT!!!!!!
What standard did Biden set?  None!
You're a joke. "Biden's rule" also led to a Biden vote. You kept Garland from even being debated. Hypocrite.
you are a lying cronie that won't take responsibility for your own failure to govern last year &earlier.Karma won't forget.
Merrick Garland.

@SenMajLeader my So vocal! Haven't heard you say one word on  Awkward!
"Conservative" SCOTUS passed Roe v. Wade, upheld ObamaCare AND marraige equality. I'm confused. #justbecauseyousayit #whoisgettingscrewed
A sad day in American history, when instead of playing by the rules - the very rules and laws that made this country great - we change them.
Mitch!! You swore to uphold the Constitution!!! NOT the standards of Biden & Schumer. You lost your way, brother. Sad what you have become.
No such standard exists.  You are lying to the American people.  #SCOTUS
So your final defense is "two wrongs make a right"?
When Scalia died, it was for @BarackObama to seat the next judge, but you refused the process, as @TheDemocrats are now. You set the table.
That wasn't a rule. It was a comment and you know that. You are chief obstructionist & deplorable. Nobody likes you. 2018, skippy! 
That's not reality and you bloody well know that
You are such a liar! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!
Liar. We are coming for you. A stolen pick, a stolen election, treason, collusion, cover-ups. You bet he'd distract from your treachery. NO!
Again Mr.incompetent no such thing as the Biden rule and you of all people talking about obstructionism
#hypocrite No one has ever not let a Presidential nominee have a hearing before, but you!
DON'T GO NUCLEAR
what a short memory you have. Why didn't you vote on Garland?
Ridiculous attempt to defend the indefensible. History will not be kind to you. Well deserved disgrace will be yours 4ever. #MerrickGarland
keep telling yourself that lie
They may have fought it but they still confirmed him.
“One of my proudest moments was when I looked at Barack Obama and I said, ‘Mr. President, you will not fill this Supreme Court vacancy,’”
Wow you forgot your part in all of this... Telling all GOP to not talk to Garland. You refused to have his hearing.  U refused to do ur job
Facts are stubborn things Mitch - your assertion is false.
U Liar!  Shame on you, #shame #shame
BULLSHIT MITCH BULLSHIT
You are twisting the facts.Are you completely devoid of scruples? #filibuster #FilibusterGorsuch
That's bullshit and you know it, Mitch. The 'Biden rule' you keep on about was just a suggestion from Biden, and he was advocating waiting..
Until after the election, but it would still be the sitting president's nomination. Stop lying,  you guys have set your own poor standard.
Also, as a proud #kentuckian, you are an embarrassment.
Merrick Garland.
Shut up already. We know you will go nuclear & we know it's your responsibility & you will bear the blame in history Stop justifying
False statement Mitch. There was no standard by Biden but you used it as an excuse to avoid doing the job you were elected to do.
Wrong.
It was never a rule. Never a standard. Simply statement from a speech. Hyperbole at worst, off the cuff at the least. MERRICK GARLAND
You built this mess all on your own. And your 14% approval rating reflects that.
Your failure to take responsibility is very Trumpish. Own it. You deserve everything that is happening. Karma.
if as u say everything the left does is wrong why follow their lead. If they jump off the Brooklyn bridge would you follow.
JusticeKennedy was approved in the last six months of Reagan's term. Your shameful treatment #MerrickGarland will follow you forever.
11 months. No hearing. No up or down vote. YOU set the standard for obstruction.
BULLSHIT! Misleading! #corrupt #conartist
Whining is unbecoming. Clearly @GorsuchFacts judicial record is objectionable in significant ways. Deal with it. Leadership is sorely needed
You really are a remarkably dishonest shitgoblin.
Disgraceful conduct. Blocking Garlands hearing and  now changing the vote threshold for #SCOTUS.  No respect for our system. Sad!
There is no such standard- you made it up- as cover for You despicable behavior #Stolenseat.
Keep saying butt meets bite back!
Merrick Garland
#GOP putting party before citizens! Forcing #SCOTUS Americans DO NOT want; nominated by #POTUS under investigation for crimes against #USA.
ATTENTION Republicans report Adam Schiff!  Contact Us. 1015 Longworth House Office Building (LHOB) Washington, DC 20515. Phone: 202-225-7103
You Sir are a liar 
Gosh, we must have missed the part when Biden actually led a stonewall. Surely, you must know that, on occasion, politicians trash talk.
You count on people being stupid enough to believe you.   We're not and we don't.
he wasn't a fraud!
And this is wrong how? You did go to Trump University! You have learned deflection, lying, Russia pays good.......
Merrick Garland.
Confirm Merrick Garland
art 2 doesn't compel the senate to vote. If voters wanted garland they should of gave dems senate majority.
Democrats make up rules that they never plan to live under, but as they say Karma is a Bitch, huh, @SenSchumer
Biden was after the Conventions and wasn't followed, yours were after TV ad started.  #UnAmerican #StolenJustice #ImpeachTrump
Name ONE, just one, only one time you listened to a "rule" made by Joe Biden? You are a disingenuous fool who screwed MERRICK GARLAND!
I still believe someone outed Justice Scalia
Bullshit
Just shut up w/ the lies! No hearing/vote for Merrick Garland! NO Gorsuch Turtle face! Merrick Garland Merrick Garland #Resist
Member when U refused to even give Garland a hearing because it was Obama's last year in office,but Reagan seated a SCOTUS in his last year?
Oblahblah had already screwed us with 2 liberal justices. You want it to be all liberal all the time?
Nope.  Just want it to be honest and fair
They just cant get it in their heads that the PEOPLE won the election not their enemy
Do not trust Schumer.  He is corrupt and will back out on any deal he  makes.
Republicans are choosing the nuclear option not because of Hillary, Obama, Biden or any other democrat...own your bullshit...
The "standard" set forth by #Biden in a speech set to wait till after the election to act on a nominee that was put forth in the summer.
Weird how the nominee was not put forth in the summer. Weird how the nominee was never acted upon like this "standard" put forth.
1st off Scalia was murdered
Stop the pissing match. Voters tired of your behavior. Congress has been corrupt for years. Either represent your voters or get out. @GOP
Neither of those men set standards for governing that anyone should follow.
@lsferguson  Not sure sounded good when Schumer name was mentioned 
@SenateMajLdr and @GOP cannot win any other way than cheating and lying.
Idiot
Get transcript of these events from Suzy Wiretap
I love to tell Dems - be careful what you ask for - they started all of this - NOW FINISH IT MITCH MCCONNELL! Nuke 'em!!!!!!
Your points might carry some weight were it not for your behavior surrounding #MerrickGarland
We will Rememeber the party of Pruitt DeVos Sessions. Selling our internet browsing. Kills air water regulations. When non are proven =JOBS
Just do it! Confirm Gorsuch, now.
Point is you nominated an extremist and people are at risk, as is Senate.  Nice job! #realcitizen52
A lie.
Keep telling yourself that Spk Mc Hypocrite ... the Nuclear thing is all on u Champ! #emolumentsclause
Lies. Outright lies, Boris. You are exhausting.
That's BS and you know it Mitchy - if your lips are moving you must be lying
No. There was an entire year left in Pres. Obama's term. Plenty of time to confirm a justice. U stole the seat Mitch McConnell. No Gorsuch.
GOD is watching!
The #Senate did nothing, you Mr. McConnel did not let the #Senate do anything.  You Mr. McConnel are the problem sir, and a poor leader.
I'm pretty sure the precedence as set way before Biden. Nice attempt to deflect, however you have done a great disservice to our Nation.
Merrick Garland deserves a hearing. #SCOTUS. #StolenSeat
Maybe if the R's had a real leader you wouldn't be in such a mess. Time to repeal and replace a weak @GOP and @SenateMajLdr. Just saying

You're the senate's cancer.
So right I don't know why the media ignore this, or I do k know
BULL CHIT! IT NEVER HAPPENED! HE ONLY SAID IT SHOULD!
So you'll follow Dems when it's in your interest, but oppose anything else? You really need to get in touch with reality.
Do you ever stop lying?
Not true.
Biden did not say what you think he said.
And he's explained himself clearly.
Fake News and Excuses
Merrick Garland.
we know who you are Mitch. You are the devil himself



