You've got a typo ... should read "I helped destroy #Obamacare because I prefer tax-cuts for the super-rich to the well-being of the poor."
Lied to for eight years that said it would repeal
Murderer! Bankrupted! Kicking people out of nursing homes from home care, & most can't pay even 1 more$ so we will die not even a doubt!
The Republican healthcare bill is monstrous and cruel. You're all just trying to make more money off of the backs of the middle class.
That's because of the Repugs. What hypocrites
You are a liar.More $ for rich at expense of most vulnerable. #HellerVoteNo #NoTrumpCare
Leave Medicaid alone. 2 many people count on it like children, people with disabilities, elderly adults.Shame on you.
I'm on Obamacare and it works great for me.
Me too. They exaggerate the problems with it. A small percentage of people have gotten screwed, by design, so REPUBS can say it doesn't work
BS SENATOR BS. YOU ALL SABOTAGED IT! I pray God intervenes & shows you the cruelty you will heap upon people.
So called Christian? Bill will kill many disabled and vulnerable Americans. Facing God will be your nightmare, no minister will forgive you
So do people have to start GoFundMe accounts to survive? Perhaps you FORGOT "charities" helped YOU as a child with polio. What a BIGOT!
Mitch McConnell how in hell do you sleep at night?
Sir, you are completely disconnected from real ppl if you really believe that!
Single payer health care is better care. What you want is money for your rich goons and to hell with the American people.
Bigoted authoritarian elitists now MASS MURDERERS of the American people! Congrats!  How the EFF do You SLEEP at night? Oh wait you're rich!

My comment would be so mean, I can't even do it.
How much is the insurance industry paying you to vomit this baseless and specious rhetoric and to pass Trumpcare to skyrocket their profits?
Actually it's a tax cut for top 1-2% income earners disguised as a healthcare bill. They ef'd up some health ins companies by not paying
You lie - ACA would be working but you all are making it not work.  Your plan is a disaster for the poor -
Thank you, thank you! Sitting here so angry over this cruel SOB from poor KYAnd Poof! I find like minded folks. SO mad that they don't care!
WRONG WRONG. VOTE ALL YOU REPUBS OUT ASAP. YOU HAVE NO IDEA THE WRATH OF US, THE PEOPLE, YOU WORK FOR!!!
GUYS! We need to like  and retweet all our tweets. Inundate them with these messages. They're hiding in DC
Disgusted to see rich people getting richer while the poor are left to die.
Why the HELL doesn't EVERYONE ELSE get a plan JUST like yours? OUR TAX DOLLARS PAY YOURS!!!  WE WANT THAT YOU GREEDY KLEPTOCRATIC OLD FOOL
That's funny, works fine for me. What are other states doing wrong?
Wonder what kind of healtcare we would have if you & ur family had to use it? Bet it would be different from what u brought out of the dark.
Not when you keep threatening to cut the program.
When is that coming? Because all you’ve put out so far are death panels.
Don't think it covers the panels! Poor billionaires need a few extra thousands in tax refunds. AND WE KNOW that trickle down theory is BS!
@realDonaldTrump You should ALL be ashamed of yourselves!!
Carried out. Wheeled out. Forced out.

Protesters rallying against the GOP #HealthcareBill were forcibly removed from McConnell's office: 
AMEN! These millionaire  a'holes that could care less what we think! The audacity! MM whined about ACA in 2012 cuz trying to pass too fast!
This bill will kill many Ams. The disabled people went to extremes to get to your office, U called PD who arrested them. More than shameful
Why did u meet w/the insurance lobbyists? Why  tax break 2 the insurance & pharm co's.They make millions.Don't need a tax break.
It isn't working because you have been choking it. You are a despicable man.
How about you all give up your gov health coverage and jump into the Swindle Swamp you're calling health care. You don't wanna? How come?
The Senate Bill (BCRA) will HURT the Bleeding Disorders Community by allowing states to reinstate lifetime caps. AWFUL!
You are putting my mom's life in jeopardy.
Better care? Perhaps you forgot who took care of you when you had POLIO. The government. Take away the ACA, you wouldn't have had a chance.
Reelection time will come and as a proud citizen of the Commonwealth once again you lose two votes in Highview - spread the word Ky!
lets also do away with all government perks, and raises.
doesn't work because you're not paying, you're heartless and Trump care will fail
You've been NO help to us. Had 8 years to devise a plan. Killling ur constituents is NOT healthcare. #VoteThemOut2018
https://youtu.be/LJjo1kJW6To  This bill is so shameful. You're taking everything wrong with Obamacare and making much worse.
#DeathPanel replaces #Obamacare! Congratulations Senator! You must feel real accomplished by such a heinous act of cruelty!
McConnell took 440k from insurance companies- FOLLOW THE $
McConnell’s own childhood polio, treated with govt $$$, taught him nothing. A special place in hell awaits him.
If the girl scouts protest are you going to have little sets of handcuffs to arrest them?
This is not an acceptable replacement for the ACA. Make it better Senator, not worse.
This new proposed bill is a slow-hitting tsunami which will wipe out the poor, sick and disabled.  Eugenics for the modern era.  Disgusting!
Why after working since I was 14 years of age. And paying into to Medicare and SSI. Your choosing to stab me in the back.
It's working just fine for those states who did not turn down Medicare expansion.  But that's a little truth that you igore
You and the boys hid in a closet producing a bill that kills the old, poor and the sick, but did your read it? Why do you hate the poor?
Please resign.  Resign for the good of Kentucky.  Resign for the good of America.
The money hungry insurance companies are destroying healthcare. How much $ has their lobby given to you? I'm sure tons! Your are despicable!
Have you no shame? No decency? This bill is a death knoll to America.
Excellent job Mitch!

Hey mitch and any GOP senator that votes for this, . You are slimy no good corporate prostitutes. Your actions represent no decent citizen.
Does TRUMPCARE come with a free casket? That will create more jobs.
TRUMPCARE WILL KILL AMERICANS
Disgusting, and cruel to take health care away from most vulnerable. Your tax cuts for wealthy are more important than lives. Shameful.
#wealthcare logic: My roof needs repair so I'll burn down my house. This bill is no fix for ACA; it is a deathtrap for America
Please have McConnell rewatch his statements on the floor on c-span back in 2009-2010. Also at the Health Care Summit 2010. 2017=Hypocrisy.
You are a disgrace-would you want your loved ones going on this medical insurance? People's lives are at risk here. Pretend to have a heart.
ACA works in some states.  It needs to be fixed not repealed.  Do you have a deal with the insurers?  Why tax breaks for the rich?
What you did today is unforgivable
did you vomit a little bit in your mouth when you typed this?

You're locking up the disabled.  You should be ASHAMED!!   You're giving to the richest and taking away care from the disabled.  Your LEGACY
Your are nothing more than a thief, taking healthcare from people so you and your friends can get major tax breaks. So what if people die.
As I read these comments, not one person supports you. Resign
If this passes, you will be considered a murderer for failing those in this country. I'm rich and opposed to this bill that gives me breaks.
I'm embarrassed that you are an American
Obamacare is running into trouble because of the games you are playing. You are the cause, not the solution. You underestimate your audience
Absolutely no one believes you.  You want to give us choice?  That's a laugh. If you can't pay for it then you have no choice at all.
I have also looked at your new bill. What a sick joke. Deplorable. Time to do a repeal and replace alright. Of you.
Seriously? If it failed it's because you gutted it. Also watching u have protesters dragged from your office. In wheel chairs. Sickening.
If you're so proud of your health care bill, Senator, why don't you put yourself on it?
Mitch McConnells legacy......having disabled people arrested outside his office. You own this mess and it will be remembered.
Your dishonesty and callousness in this heartless health bill is understood by your constituents. You will never again be elected.
You walk today because of the government healthcare you received which you wish to deprive millions of today. You have truly lost your way.
So your wise solution to this issue is to have us all either die of disease or go bankrupt and THEN die. We are people, not just numbers.

Please stop lying to the public.  Problem is GOP, overpaid CEOS, lobby $$, and need for extreme profit at our expense.  You are deplorable.
Your plan is worse, and ensures that more people are not covered.  How is that better?  Can you no longer see your reflection, you evil man?
It's not working because GOP doesn't care about Americans. They've done everything to ensure Obamacare fails regardless of harm they cause.
Will make sure history reflects what this congress GOP has done!!!!!!!
If capital police would of pick me up like that my life would end! Murderer!!

Watching the videos of your guards removing citizens in wheelchairs. God is watching you, and boy is He pissed.
interests and are completely disconnected from the reality that most Americans live in.
You should be ashamed!
Shame on you!  It's time we vote these delusional old white men out of office!  They've spent too much time collecting money from special...
Murderer!! We are on S.S. don't make enough file taxes, worked hard all our lives eat one meal a day  NO don't leave home Medicare goes die
McConnell isn't working. He's either senile, a psycho, or an actual living piece of feces.
The only thing that isn't working for us is you.
You are probably giggling as you read these tweets, you have NO EMPATHY!!!!
Bullshit Old white man liar.
Why are you so mean and hateful?
Hope you and your other 12 white senators can  sleep well at night #Resist #HealthCareIs ARight
Yr plan caps Medicaid kills funding for Planned Parenthood prohibits subsidies for plans that cover abortion & gives massive tax cuts to 1%
This is war on women war on elderly war on disabled war on low income Americans y'all are MONSTERS & you will reap what you sow #2018 #2020
you GOP Senators grow some Cojones and vote against TRUMPCARE, start working for the people!
because u are not doing your job, work for the people and not special interest. Ur agenda is WRONG!
Shame on you!!! Your new Healthcare bill is attack on the poor and disabled.
The Republican Party I voted for over the years has abandoned all of us.  GOP has become so bigoted, heartless, intolerant, uncaring, greedy
There r faces Senator.This is my gdaughter. Born w CF. She fights to breathe. With this bill u will end her fight. She will die w/o her HC.
You will be responsible for the murder and extermination of 23 million people. Anti Christ
Shame on you! This will kill the economy! People will lose their homes, jobs and lives. You should get the same healthcare as us! Pure evil!
This is GOP Terrorism at its finest. Better start looking for a new job.
2018 will be the beginning of the slaughter house for the GOP
You might as well steal from the collection plate.
Probably has.
You and your cocaine dealer wife are nothing but trash.
You have the blood og innocents on you! SHAME @McConnellPress
Shame on you, Senator, for this bill that steals from the poor and sick and pays for tax cuts for the wealthy!

Trump Wealthcare brought to u by McConnell . Wow he must really hate the American people.  Well maybe only the sick ones.
Did u see him call the troops out to actually pull disabled people out of their wheelchairs when they were outside of his office protesting?
Heath care jobs in KY have boom since the inception of Obama care. McConnell  and Paul have healthcare on us for the rest of their lives. 
Dems need 2 quit complaining & work w/Reps. If they choose not 2, they shldn't have a say. ALL voters R affected, help US, not yourselves
Gop are selfish creeps
The rich thank you tool bag.
You are an abomination. The bill you just put forth is like a type of genocide - it will kill many
Senator puppet face try thinking  and caring about people first may u rot in hell if u screw the people  of this country
Isn't working!?  You mean you're trying to kill millions of people with disabilities for your $$.  Very unpatriotic, Mitch.

Obama care isnt working because you tanked it.  You are now takin HC away from 25mil people and arresting protesters.  No class.  No morals.
You're not working.  I hope your constituents vote you OUT!!
Like THIS bill WILL work. YOU SAID give us #Senate, #House & .@POTUS to #RepealObamacare! #LIAR
#Shameful #disgrace #impeach45 table this bill and find something productive to work on. #AmericanTaliban #Osamawouldbeproud
If something tragic happens to you at say, a baseball game, just before this bill takes effect, you will have a pre-existing condition.
17% of Americans approve of the house bill.  That means the majority of people do not want the poison you are selling
You are an abomination and should be voted out ASAP.  Americans cannot afford the #AmericanTaliban that you have become
Give to the rich and the hell with people who need health care.  Disgusting. You and the Repubs don't care about the average American.
REPEAL ALL OF OCARE!! It stinks. Open market works. No govt involvement!!
Please don't do this. Fix Obamacare but don't push for Trumpcare, I am a Cancer survivor. This bill, will HALT by my screening by 100%.
You know you are asking for another CIVIL WAR.
Arresting peaceful grandmothers in wheelchairs make u feel powerful? Kicking elderly out of nursing homes warm your heart?
