And you thought they were coming after your guns!
As a Hebron, KY voter - Please, just STOP this terrible legislation and process. We need a BIPARTISAN soln. with McCain & Shumer.
No we dont
Find a way to work with all legislators on fair, affordable healthcare for all POTUS tweets are unacceptable, unprofessional, unpresidential
McConnell & GOP represent greed/ deceit.playing with american lives.They r no better then evil  dictators.Dems plz stand up and do something
Another take on @McConnellPress's speech. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_h4DZeBleLs … @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @PRyan @SenJohnMcCain @realDonaldTrump
please remote erectile dysfunction . Why pay for that and not for essential care
You do not deserve to be in office. You do nothing, spend our money and cannot repeal ObamaCare..resign and go to Kentucky
I hear no "repeal", and it better not lead to this, or we will vote you out:
https://www.senateconservatives.com/post/3580 
Special place in he'll for you and the GOP. The sooner the better
Enjoy Hell.
You've earned every single second of eternal damnation.
Do NOT repeal the ACA!  Work to improve it!  Everyone in this country should have affordable access to health care.  To repeal, is RECKLESS!
Bs repeal is american
Have you no shame? No! You will own this immoral debacle. History will prove your greed for power. MYLIIT
It has failed let it die
@McConnellPress if I loose my coverage, or family member does, I will no longer support or vote Republican.  I will work to vote in Dems
And if they dont repeal they lose
Senate health bill, Call it McConnell doesn’t care.
AMERICAN PEOPLE CAN'T LET THIS MOMENT SLIP BY EITHER ... REPLACING YOU IN 2018
when obamacare pass cost did not go up, companies choice to pay less which meant the person now had to pay more so that way CEO stay rich
Just slipped by.
Which moment is that? LOL! Your moments seem to last a bit too long, frankly.
Do you see any democrats voting with you? They stick together. They don't throw the Pres.and their party under the bus.WE ARE DISGUSTED

When are you and Ryan going to step up and back trump.  What are you thinking. Stop these stupid investigations now. We are tired of it
http://www.thedailybeast.com/before-trumpcare-a-free-clinic-saved-mitch-mcconnells-life … @SenateGOP
NO, no, no, no, no! BAD bill!!!
Have you ever given birth? Have you ever been a woman? You came from a woman and have NO authority to dictate to women. Go home little boy!
You are a liar like no other what is trump giving you to do what you are doing to healthcare it must something special
Looks like the moment just slipped by
Can you propose an amendment in the form of a substitute? Propose current ACA be called Trump Wonderful Healthcare Act. Meets DJT's goals.
God does NOT want 23 million American citizens to die because they lost their healthcare. May God forgive you. One day you will be judged.
Remind us again why Mitch was kicked out of the Army?
Wasn't he molesting little boys.
He is one sick individual.

BYE BYE MITCH  GONE IN 2018
Ughhhh. No.
Hell yes repeal
Congrats - you must be so proud of taking away healthcare&staying silent on disgusting words by Trump.
WATCH: Trump gets Boy Scouts to boo Obama, who was a Boy Scout http://hill.cm/ovEimpN  
Hope you lose your job next time you're up for election.
What does it feel like knowing that you will ultimately rot in hell for hurting millions of Americans including young children, like mine?
American voters have expressed their disatisfaction with Obamacare tax and their desire to once again have the 'right to choose' by votes.
How about "we" know what it is.  How many Americans it will harm and how much it will cost us.  You work for us, we aren't chattel.
You could if you only had a heart
Hope Sen McConnell rots in hell. 
An unhappy Patriot.
Thank you Sir 
Yes none stop
