What's this?
When you look it up you find that it's not true. Presidential pardons aren't secret. This would be common knowledge.
33 POWs faced Court Marshall for treason after VN until Nixon pardoned all POWs. McCain was on the list of the 33, in fact at the head of it
You think if the story was real that journalists would ignore it? Even when he ran for president @jeremyscahill and @mtaibbi stayed silent?
You know that is Bull!
really disgusting so much hate for a hero like mccain.  tnx sen mcconnell. i love the tweet!
Breaking News: John McCain’s 1969 “Tokyo Rose” Propaganda Recording Released Showing he WAS a Traitor who Turned Against His Own Country https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ … via @https://twitter.com/Oathkeepers
it's not what his cellmates say
You, on the other hand, are a coward.
Ask him if he enjoyed having healthcare.  Might realize Americans like healthcare and you are about to take it away from us.
The American people want to keep the ACA. Repair it and keep it. Your job is to represent Americans
He is a hero for acknowledging the Phoenix Lights as well!  You should speak about your alleged Bigfoot sightings.
His staffers tweet for him. They have to. He doesn't know his ass from a hole in the ground
/2 if we get elected you'll Repeal & Replace.  LIARS.  You all should be on Obamacare, I'd bet it'd turn out
@POTUS TRAITORS to this country eventually get their 'karma' given to them in the end!
He is a hero, and its a great thing he had great medical coverage. Dont vote to take it away from millions of Americans.
If McCain was a hero, why do other POW's that were in the  Hanoi Hilton refer to him as the songbird?
Maybe you should stand up like a man and be a little more like McCain...what is wrong with you dude...cant you see what is going on WAKEUP
Go to 16:45 remove the G Ghttp://www.trunews.com/listen/trunews-08-04-16-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released
/3 a heck of a lot different than what you guys are forcing us to stay on it. John, why didn't you go to the VA
You best be working for America & the electorate who put you all in office. You made us work for you promising
YOU are the villain. If McCain were an ordinary citizen, and not on single payer (Medicare/VA), what would he do without ACA? Think on THAT
Pass healthcare bill for @senjohnmccain call it mccaincare....
I'm sorry, sir. But survivability for glioblastoma is 5% for beyond 5 years. It is a very aggessive cancer. McCain should resign to fight it
I think he should take a leave of absence to take care of his health issues. That should be his priority right now
no wonder all you  spit on Constitution demonscrat scummcain is traitor
songbird 

mc

songbird McCain. he is a traitor to the USA.
Don't let your #FakePresident hear that you think @SenJohnMcCain is a hero. You will feel his wrath. For him he is just a missing vote now.
Oh please yes it's sad he has a brain tumor but come on he is no hero and no Republican.
You're a rino and neocon. Soon to be out of a job!
America needs a reset in D.C. Voting in new congress and senate they are all corrupt
John is a hero to all Americans first. He's a man of integrity and courage that also happens to be a Republican. Why you placed America 2nd?
Hero yes, but honor his service by your action!!  Gooooo.....!!! Do something!!!!!

We missed you on our hike today, @SenateGOP! There were wild blueberries to pick, and we would have loved your company. Maybe next time? 
You're one sick dog McConnell, may you soon be with him!
What would u know about integrity?
that was just for being polite.. You hate him but you need to be political correct.. Hypocrite
Coincidence that you put "Conference" before country, as always? Thank goodness McCain still has good health insurance.
John, you need to retire. You are an old, very mean person. You've lost perspective on what's right & wrong. I am tired of Rep corruption.
Unlike you, he has America's trust and infinitely more integrity too.
.Not according to @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 

https://youtu.be/tSxwR9kCbZ0 

SAD.
And it took you this long why? Oh yeah you're busy trying to take healthcare from like 30 million people who depend on it
I hope for a recovery, but a traitor NOT Hero 2 this country, sorry!
McConnell is a hypocrite, what would happen if John McCain had "Trumpcare" and needed medical attention? He would lose his home.
No he is  anything but a hero #stopcorruption
No worries. He's tough. And he has Obamacare.
And one of the few Patriots asking questions about Russian interference while you ignore it #Traitor
Shut up, Mitch.  You never show any respect to Senator John McCain.  He is a hero and has been insulted by Trump.  You do not care.
Yeah McConnell, you should be ashamed of yourself as should every Republican that had nothing to say when our so called Presidentinsultedhim
The @GOP can do a lot better than #mitchmcconell! FACT!
I hope he comes back with his full Maverick on and tells you what he really thinks of your despicable Tax Break Healthcare bill.
Why don't you take his healthcare away like you want to for millions of other American's?
I Did always known, it had to be something totally wrong with that maniac asshole's brain - that NAZI Lover
Well, listen to him.
McCain pushed to get Trump Russia fake dossier to FBI!! McCain should retire now!!! No more war mongers! No more globalist BIG GOV people!
No one cares what you think.
We WANT McCain 2retire! Enough 'across d AISLE'! Let him go home to REST! We NEED younger CONSERVATIVE senators! @SenateGOP @WhiteHouse @VP
No. Trump is your hero. You chose Trump. Now, live with him. How's that repeal thingy going? How many Americans have you screwed today?
I am so mad at all the GOP .i would like straight talk from them.
In his honor, stop destroying the ACA.  My sister needs it to fight cancer.  She's as important to God as John McCain is.  Think!!
And you are an enemy to this country and it's people. We look forward to you going away. #ditchmitch #ditchmcconnell
Sen. McCain is an honorable American hero - you're far from it, McConnell. If MY KID needs the same treatment, taxpayers won't pay for me.
So Mitch how many millions do you want to kill this week. Your a shame to society and all Americans. DEATHCARE BILL IS SO BAD, KILLERS NAZI
And if he was under the new Trumpcare plan you're trying to pass, he couldn't afford the premium or the treatment.
@LisaBornfree247 @AndreasOpinions McCain has healthcare. Ur planning 2 take healthcare away from 31 million Americans! How do u square that?
McConnell should give up his power and let a true Conservative take over the Senate Leadership !
The use of the Hero is misplaced, as a Senator John McCain has proven  over and over again he is not a conservative, crossing over the aisle
McConnell is no hero he is an egotistical coward. Been in office 30 yrs & has accomplished nothing. He's in the pockets of big business. Sad
McCain survived the Savings and Loan scandal. He unleashed palin on America, knew where bin laden was but didn't tell when not elected.
Hoping for ur speedy recovery, Sen. McCain.  Also hope McCON heeds ur call for a bipartisan affordable health care bill that works for all.
McConnell. It's time for you to step up to the plate & be the leader to repeal Obamacare.  Stop being a RINO!
Cancer kills strong/good people.Weapons are medical research,precision medicine,access to expensive therapies, clinical trials and support
Wondering if Trump prefers Republican legislators that DON'T have glioblastomas.
A Military Hero and a Pathetic Big Gov't Socialist leaning Senator that hasn't had a good idea in 3 decades.
2 peas in a pod, both a disgrace, both cower to leftist dems, both liars, both need to be replaced! #repealandreplaceMcConnell
Appreciate his service to our country but he is no conservative
I wish you were the one with brain cancer not McCain! You've been a cancer on America far too long!
Senator McCain is a hero and you are a villian; everyday closer to never hearing from you again.  #DitchMitch
Unlike the rest of you
white phosphorus
Only a RINO could make that statement. John McCain carries the Democrats water every chance he gets.
Another senator who wants to take my health care using millions in taxpayer funded health care to stay alive. Still alive under #wealthcare?
Nice if some of his American courage would rub off on you.  Destroying the Country he bravely fought for.
He's everything you're not. Loser villain.
He needs to retire before Fusion GPS is hung around that traitor's neck.  He's a criminal w/ his Bulgaria weapons ratline DISGUSTING
Fuck the "Traitor/Not Traitor shit, Trumpettes.John has done a lot from this country as a politician, standing up against Trump, for example
His health care has been cancelled.  $100,000.00 bill. Who cares. Not you!
He has more INTEGRITY than the combined rest of the #CorruptGOP than to let 30Million lose #Healthcare 
#TrumpCare aka #LetThemEatCake
If you can't get a full repeal, you should step diwn
We look forward to you being replaced as "leader" very soon !
Good thing he had the health care that every american deserves as a right.
Soros funded
So amazing that he has taxpayer funded health insurance. We all deserve the same coverage as congressmen #Trumpcare
Nicknamed songbird and an unindicted co-conspirator of Keating 5
The Songbird is paying his dues. Don't make him out a hero, He's NOT! I Do Feel Bad For His Family. I Wonder How His Old Prison Mates Feel?
You're next you old f'ing crooked lazy sneaky turtle
Do the right thing....
Make no mistake @GOP. Stop him or there WILL be tribunals...What's the punishment for treason again?
#CorruptGOP #PutinPals #ResistTrump 
The whole world will soon know the truth I assure you...the clock is ticking...get ahead of this. .............
7/6/16
You asked Russia for HRC emails after getting this tweet from a dead man.
#RussianBackChannel…
Shouldn't Country come before Conference???? Sen. John McCain = American Hero.
Tell @POTUS McCain is a hero.
The only thing we agree on is the character & value of John McCain. Wish you'd be like him when you grow up...
Hope John McCain lives. Few deserve to die, and Mr. McCain definitely not. He voluntarily served his country in war & deserves family time.
Isn't it great he has the best health care? All Americans should have the same care.
You & McCain & Scaliese all have the benefit of good government healthcare, while trying to rip away lesser healthcare from the unfortunate
You actually mentioned conference first? Before country. Pretty revealing.
Have you read the news published by http://Newsmax.com , that John has a massive aggressive brain tumor? I hope surgeons are successful
Good thing he has healthcare
I hate to say it but instead of mccain you should get an affliction like that. Maybe THEN u will grow some APATHY 4 others.
@SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain He is one of the best Republicans in the Senate.Willing to work in bipartisan way as should be. HERO
Can you please acknowledge at this time it's important for ALL Americans to have health insurance? Not just you guys with access to FEHBP?
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
I'm glad for his sake that he doesn't have to worry about your bill.
Ok, son enlighten me. How did he kill 134 on the Forestall? I'll wait.
McConnell and McCain Resign... 2 old farts that are to old to understand the needs of the people.  U are not progressive.  U are digressive
Mitch your so fixated on killing americans you cant just send prayers without mentioning your agenda sad really sad get help with dat

Maybe this is a sign, time to retire. You too.
Ok, McCain gets a pass. What's your excuse??
@SenJohnMcCain always did what he thought was best for America & defended the constitution, unlike @SenateMajLdr  who puts GOP first.
Father in law has brain cancer, its back for 2nd time after tumor removed. They said "stay comfortable, nothing we can do"
Mandatory, yearly physical & mental evals for all reps, senators, & the presidential administration- made avail to the public #TermLimits
Senator McCain is a hero. That's the only thing you've ever said that I can agree with.
Agreed. McCain is a hero. Trump, a colluding draft dodger, is not.
"Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to figuring out how to take health insurance away from millions of people."
Very UNLIKE you ....
You will never be half the man @SenJohnMcCain was at 20.
But fuck the poor and needy if they get a brain tumor or even polio, right Medicaid boy?
Good thing @SenJohnMcCain has GREAT health coverage paid by taxpayers. But still hoping to take healthcare away from MILLIONS!

You are a monster McConnell. A horrible embarrassment for this great country.
Why am I not surprised you even put party before country in a tweet?
Have a good recess. I hope you'll face constituents who make you understand how close they came to losing healthcare because of you.

My prayers are with you Senator McCain, may the Lord put his hands upon you and heal you, prayers and love to your family.
McCain is a hero you idiots. Even if your fearless leader trashed him. By the way Mitch lucky he has good medical coverage. Everyone should.
Resign
Not according to the president
As if you care, you pusillanimous waste of space.
he needs to step down. A dying person deciding the future of our health system? C'mon!
I'm so sad senator McCain has cancer. He was one of the few republicans who commanded respect from all citizens.
Great. now Grow a pair of lips and balls and #RepealAndReplace you feckless liar. @SenCapito and all @GOP LIED
To bad this story is about Sen. McCain and not some of the treasonous, draft dodging, Russian loving traitors in our government.
Party before country, even here? Really?
How many Americans with this condition will go uncovered b/c this is a preexisting condition?How many will hold fundraisers to pay for care?
He's as big a sellout as you. I used to respect him. Now he's sad and pathetic like you.
How many American families are facing this challenge without the security of insurance? How many will go bankrupt? How many go w/o meds?
I hate his politics but he's also a father, husband, friend. This is a devastating diagnosis for him & his family. Very sad.
He is. I hope his preexisting condition doesn't preclude him from lifesaving treatment in the future
Do your job! I work too hard to pay for your pathetic career.
Blessings to John McCain.  Happy that he has access to quality healthcare and his family doesn't face bankruptcy to pay his bills.
McCain is a NeoCon and I have never liked his politics! But he served our country and I refuse to kick him when he is down.. #PrayForMcCain
He has Glioblastoma Mitch. Americans are diagnosed with this every day.  It's lethal. Do you know the treatment costs? #NeverRepeal

I fail to see four time draft-doldger Trump in this post. His well-paid doctor diagnosed a heel spur, but he could still play sports?!
He is a hero. Unlike you. He has principles. Unlike you. He doesn't buy into a corrupt and morally bankrupt president. Unlike you.
Not so much.  I keep it real.  I don't turn sinners into saints when they are ailing or dead.  He has a maker waiting to meet him.
I don't think so. Too many skeletons in his closet
Thank God he has Oboma care. Otherwise he'd be fuck if he had Trump care or THE  GOP plan that's a pre-existing brain cancer claim. Screwed
A little jab at potus?
I'm sorry for his family but the American people need a replacement to take care of our pressing needs.  He should resign & be w/family.
I am going to wish him a speedy recovery, so glad that he is covered for all types of illness, no surprise, not long ago if u don't have aca
