-The you had better do what the PEOPLE want and it is NOT OBAMACARE LITE! No mandates and penalties! Get GOV out of healthcare!
replace with exact same health coverage that Congress gets.
@SpeakerRyan @SenTomCotton @SenRandPauI @POTUS Get GOP together hammer out repeal/replace Obamacare-get it done! If not retire
You won in '14 w/ the lowest voter support for a KY U.S. Senator in a primary since 1938.  You are even less popular today.
bull shit
I am sure @SenateMajLdr has been doing everything he can to ensure it. You are moving from a national to an historical disgrace. #TrumpCare
" Some men will rob you with a six-gun, others like you, with a pen"
@GOP will do anything to "replace" everything President Obama did, even hurting MILLIONS who will suffer. How do U folks sleep at night?
Cn u put country before party? You are hurting Americans with this policy.
They'll NEVER put country before party. All about getting rich & tax cuts for them. We have 2 take back our country from @HouseGOP #MidTerms
Repeal all of Obamcare, including the regulations and the death panel. Otherwise, it is fakeObamacarerepeal.
- Tax cuts on wealthy, max out at $4,000 for very poor folks, dissolve Medicaid? If you care, make Single-Payer into Law. Easy
Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets. Or give Congress the same healthcare they give to us.
then you should retire. You are the problem
We will need your help..thank you for all you do

@BoogerDouche It's just terrible how that big, mean president guy obstructed his every move for 8 years. Poor Mitchy.
Mitch is the victim! We all know this! He never did anything terrible! Obama and his Muslim sympathies silenced Mitch
There never was any resistance from him or the GOP majority congress! Obama vetoed ALL of his bills! He couldn't...
follow through with what the people wanted because Obama was trying to implement Sharia Law! Shame!
Scare Tactics are getting old. Nobody trusts you. Give Dr. Rand Paul a chance to show us what he's got. #Resist
Seriously though...if Trumpcare is passed you can guarantee a tsunami of blue in the House....2018.
Then repeal Obamacare. Mark Levin detailed the mechanism and we think he's right...you're afraid you will lose
I mean, repealing the ACA will literally kill people, but whatever. Who cares about the poors, right?
once you are out of office, America will improve.  You suck!
You are unsustainable. Enjoy your last shameful term.
@McConnellPress REPEAL it like The People want and like you promised b/c you know you can!!!!
Consortia forming all over the country as well as companies that will bypass ins cos altogether. Govt role is not healthcare!
Maybe the sky is falling? Are you chicken little or the turtle?
then why not propose something that makes sense & helps everyone! Single payer. Single Payer. You would be heroes!
I'm for Single Payor too. Would work beautifully. Repubs won't go for it bc can't make rich richer with this one.
Now, you see all these people saying they don't want it replaced; do you care? Whose interests are you looking out for?
Congress should vote to adopt whatever health care plan they put into place and have to pay for it.
You all helped create this mess to begin with, you think we trust you to help fix it?! You're a delusional geriatric!
Seems like you are really good at sitting by and doin nothing. #supremecourt #governmentshutdowns
So cutting funding for Americans to access health care is hurting them?!?!?
Pretty sure this applies to you.
The fact that Viagra is federally funded pisses me off big time.
lol can't by and do nothing. Wow I need that humor before bed. Sit by and do nothing lol man I tell ya you got jokes lol
whatever hate u & P.Ryan have re:Obama, moot pt. U can improve on Obamacare. Trumpcare will be the death panel u always wanted
GIVE ALL OF US THE EXACT SAME HEALTH COVERAGE THAT CONGRESS GETS! No repeal and replace, just fix ACA. TrumpCare is bad news!
and fuck anyone who actually needs healthcare, am I right?
GOP had 6 years to fix ACA flaws; refused and stopped funding promised insurer loss pmts as anticipated actuarial challenges
then do it you're the leader of the party
Citizens deserve as good of a health plan as Congress since we are paying for yours.
Draft healthcare bill looks awful-Reps need to stop TV interviews, roll up sleeves & start working TOGETHER to get this right!
chicken little the sky is falling. say it enough and ppl will believe you truth or not.
And yet...
U have nada better 2Improve lives.If GOP Ever Made Real Policy 4People-U would kno all things; need improvmnt not destruct'n
Try not undermining the market - Conservatives love free markets, right? As long as the GOP & its friends get richer.
Anxioysly awaiting 2018 when you are not re-elected. Your free ride, at taxpayer expense, is nearly over! 
so far it is not acceptable
Expand coverage, don't revoke it. No age tax. No to 30% penalty for lost coverage. Protect Americans, not insurance cos.
Like you give a flip about consumers.  Such a hypocrite!
so repeal and replace.
Everything else aside... Your Twitter picture is TERRIBLE.
lower costs-stop Trumps $4 million weekend golf trips to FL or $1 million day for Melania to stay in in her ivory tower?
Nice job sabotaging @realDonaldTrump Tax Reform Platform.RINO's never get it.Get to work and pass tax reform.
That is the problem. You did nothing to sustain it. Blocked every single thing that would have supported it.
A reasonable compromise? That's like trading us two dimes for one dollar, because two is better than one... Not idiots Sir.
you're the source of the potential collapse of #ACA.  It's like a murderer claiming his victim was going to eventually die.
Pass Rand Paul's bill....after you REPEAL Obamacare.
THEN LISTEN TO RAND PAUL YOU RHINO
Senator, do you EVER intend to use the nuclear option? Sen.Schumer is walking all over you. He is the leader. Isn't it time???
& U think the plan U idiots have put forth will serve our citizens? No! U hate poor, disadvantaged Americans! U love fat cats!
Your plan harms PEOPLE with at least 11 million fewer insured.
#TRUMPRYANNOCARE  #GOPMURDERS
...in plain english.....we don't want rich to pay for anything...we don't give a sh** about poor.
AND WHILE YOUR AT IT-tell everyone to snap out of it! Lets fix the socialist mess-we cannot co-exist with their extremism!
you can pay Billions to build a wall, but can't find money to insure the American people? SHAME!
#trumpcare isn't any better! It's time to move forward into #medicare4all NOW!
Are you listening? people don't want this BS! You're not, you're passing things while people sleep &not show up to town halls!
E.I.C. thru IRS has been abused by illegal aliens for years costing taxpayers BILLIONS $$.  And U want another tax credit ?
For the record u and your President r guaranteeing LOWER healthcare costs with #Trumpcare c u in 2018
We have to name any ACA replacement RepublicanCare and make the GOP own it in 2018. Many idiots did't know Obamacare was ACA!
YOUR PLAN IS WORSE & MORE EXPENSIVE THAN ACA FAVORING RICH & LEAVING OUT THE POOR &WORKING POOR!
If the premium cost is not lowered significantly you have nothing.
O Care must be fully repealed and the replacement musts be a free market policy across State lines.
"we must have deal w IRAN or its WAR"..We need RINOcare or u hate trump and want Obamacare to stay !!
U will have death of millions of children/poor on your head while U sit by doing nothing about this insane #putinspuppet
why is it when conservatives try to pass ANYTHING we have to "compromise"? How much compromising was there creating Obamacare?
is Congress still exempt from the new Obamacare ?
so let's subsidize even more people ? ppl voted to repeal this crap.The ppl u r trying 2 placate won't vote 4 u either way.
Are you going bowling tonight to decide My healthcare?Repeal and replace your own healthcare,Mitch.This is a national disgrace
Once again, this is a lie.  The ACA is working.  You are using fear tactics to try to get the pathetic bill passed.
The market collapse b/c its missing pillars knocked over by GOP, & the truss system that your party has refused to build into #ownYourSucess
The choice is not bilateral.  Give us a REAL choice - not ObamacareLite @realDonaldTrump @speakerRyan @SenTedCruz @SenMikeLee
fear mongering through hyperbole. Please provide empirical data for this assertion.
I NEED MY MEDICAID EXPANSION!!!!
It was my Mom's MEDICAID that allowed me 2 take care of my Mom in home before her death in 2011. My disabled Granddaughter
the answer is simple. Provide us with the healthcare we provide for you. NEWS FLASH: You're no more deserving than we are!
GOP health plan is a death sentence for millions of Americans.  Republicans don't care about anyone but the wealthy!
you RINOS did NOTHING for 7 years.. now you want to screw us again. FORGETABOUTIT
Lying  Go back in your shell
You sat by for years sabotaging Obama's efforts to fix economic failures of Bush.  Short memory, Mitch.
Your days are numbered
Not only Alternative Facts, but an entire Alternative Reality. What color is the sky on your world?
.@SenateMajLdr Your plan will raise the premiums of older Americans by up to $3000 a year. So consumer protection is not your real concern.
Ur #Trumpcare will be an unsustainable, unmitigated disaster for the USA.
Like Obama Care
Why should anyone listen to the constitution breaker?
and consumers won't be hurt when they lose their health care so you can line your buddies' pockets?
Perhaps if you and your colleagues were to drop your Fed. Plan & hope on this one you would develop credibilty.  Just saying..
So fix it. Even John Bohener admits it was never to happen, fund it properly, expand the markets, enforce its rules, rename it
U did everythg pos.2help ACAcollapse both in past 8yrs &now.Look@ plans in OTHER Western countries instd of spouting nonsense.
ie. screw over poor people and help rich people. it's  just natural selection, right?
Will the House & Senate also be on this "healthcare plan"? How much is your gold standard healthcare plan costing taxpayers?
Stop trying to now hurry up a program you had years to fix.  This plan is way worse and less affordable than what we have now!
TrumpCare will make healthcare unaffordable for most. This is what you've been working on all these years? Garbage!
give Americans the same coverage you senators get.
Like you care about "consumers" being hurt. Funny.
All you care about is big business donations to you, not the American people. This will be death to many who can't afford it.
Your lack of caring, humanity & decency is unbelievable. Your healthcare plan paid by constituents should be the same as ours.
So you are going to pull a Pelosi on us.  Cram some crap down. Just #repealobamacare .. that's it... NO Fed Gov involvement!!!
current consumers are not hurt. You are lying to Americans.
the GOP plan is worthless American Medical Association  nixed it. Health care policy experts gave it a bad review.
#showusyourproof
Act by forcing a plan not endorsed by the AMA, the AARP, ....Is this the best you could do? You had SEVEN years!
you've done a wonderful of doing nothing to this point...why stop now???
Do your job. The people elected you, not big business
your bill blows.   get the Russian Spies out of WH - NOW
fine. Universal healthcare would fix it.
We wish you had this kind of passion about sustainability for the environment....
You've been sitting by for eight years and done nothing, why change?
maybe it needs to collapse so they can't say how great it was. They will be glad to have health care after that
So instead let's doom millions to death. #DeathToAmericansAct will kill more then international terrorists.
I was 100% behind you to FIX ACA! UNTIL you cost us more $. We pay $2,800 PER MONTH!  I don't have more $ we work hard!
Yes, CrappyCare will let more people die.  Hooray!
Mitchell, Give Dr. Nike a call and he will tell you how to fix it.  Actually he did several years ago. Why didn't you heed the sage advice?
You suck.  You want to make rich people richer.  You hate the poor & the elderly.
let's start by getting rid of incumbent Senators and directing their salaries to people who deserve American taxpayer funds
Quit talking, repeal in total and replace with market based system. Get on with it.
The GOP is hurting Americans by attempting to take healthcare away from millions. Get your facts straight.
repeal Obamacare!!!
can't sit by while poor receive care, instead give that billion dollar tax credit to the rich.  NO ONE likes this plan
Fix it. Tax those stinking rich buddies of yours so they pay fairly. Eliminate carryover loopholes. You can fund it.
How does it feel that AARP (mostly older GOP types) and AMA hate your plan? ACA not looking so bad. Fix it not fuk it up.
Are you really that ignorant?  How embarrassing for you.
You exaggerate to scare us into accepting this bill that really helps mainly the rich.  Not going to happen.
I wish citizens would sue you people.
BS... KY, the poster child for ACA success, 200% of uninsured covered, 500,000. You should be IMPEACHED!!
you mention President Obama everyday with your negative tweets to make people associate his name with your wrongdoings.
you people need to get over your obsession with President Obama
@BernieSanders says new h/care bill will transfer $250m to top 1-2% on @allinwithchris.
Admit it Mitch you really don't care about "consumers". R plan includes tax cuts for health execs that get $500K or more. Why?
You know a lot about sitting by and doing nothing while consumers are hurt. You've done it for 30 years for sure.
So interesting that a man your age can lie so effortlessly. Your status quo is unsustainable.But I am sure glad your wife got a job!
"we can't sit by and do nothing"    You mean like the last 8 years . Please have a stroke, don't die! just become an invalid-
I make a good living and don't rely on ACA, so the NIIT removal is money in my pocket.  Sorry, people that are going to die.
so let's give billionaires tax breaks! That will fix it! #resist #ACA
You are the last one to claim to be on the side of consumers. All you care about is big business. Stop lying, sir.
Repeal ACA then let Free-market loose.  We don't want gov!
any facts to back this up? How does less insured, tax cuts to your buddies and raising the price on healthcare do that??????
you sat by and did nothing for 8 years liar
The GOP #Pay More For Less is the untennable plan. GOP managed to have a plan everyone hates. way to go.
What compromises have the insurance companies made? What have you asked of them? The GOP has done nothing in time.
listen to various conservative groups opposition, implement those in this system & Repeal & replace Obamacare
How could @GOP roll out a health plan proposal without first getting input and/or buy in from key industry groups like @AARP?
Would you get out of bed with the insurance companies & do what is best for your constituents? #ACAWorks
I hope so!
Umbrage!!! CIA hacked DNC
you sit by and did nothing for six years
EXPANDING this pile of garbage NOT the answer.. Not paying health care for employees of @GOP donors.. FULL REPEAL PERIOD
The market was THRIVING! Until the GOP had to get in the way. How much are you profiting from your new health care bill?!?!
Don't be stupid on purpose.
you are Ree-Dick-You-luss. Ask your constituents what they want! Opps did I go too far? :(  :(  :(
- I can't wait until we can repeal and replace you and your ilk.
