Time for McConnell to lead or get out of the way.  @realDonaldTrump called him out for failure to get this done.  Drain the #Swamp

cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @courierjournal
WANTED: New election!
(U.S. Const. art. II, § 1, cl. 4)
#integrity #nullify2016
So far, nothing but BS. Trump created jobs. Mitch has done nothing but polish a chair.
7 years you were all talk!! Now when time for action you fall on your face! Let down your base! Shame!!!
Dear Mitch... remember arrogant Eric Cantor! Your next

Soooo much winning!
Standing O, my a$$, more like a fight 4 Kentuckians 2 keep their ACA & get #cult45 out of the WH!
Trump has decided he doesn't needyou anymore.It's the perfect time to invoke the 25th amendment. GET HIM OUT!


What healthcare legislation have you done, loser?! People are disgusted with you and the rest of the self-serving, useless RINOs around you!
Sorry @McConnellPress but @POTUS doesn't have unrealistic timeline. 7yrs you've been yelling repeal & replace. How many yrs do you need??!!!
They must have been drunk.   

I am going to work my ass off to defeat Mitch the Lying Swamp Turtle
If only you can be congratulated on repealing/replacing ACA after 7 years. Regrettably, it's time to retire Senator McConnell.
Tell Mitch the President doesn't have excessive expectations, it's realistic. Mitch promised, Mitch didn't plan and Mitch failed. Reality
Colluding with democrats. Votes conservative only when knows it won't go through. Same with McCain. Prolife only when knows it won't pass
SUPPORT MY PRESIDENT   Your voice mail is FULL
Support my President!!! MAGA
The audience was vetted GOP only
LOL, I can't stand the guy, but demonrats do the same thing. The hypocrisy of liberals is stunningly transparent
No Democrats don't do the same thing! They actually get their programs through! THEY all Stand Together. We criticize our own president.
Now thta's funny! No one said a negative word about BO. If a Republican did, he was a racist!
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @courierjournal
"Neither...qualified" - Amend. XX
#nullify2016

Based upon Trump's amazing approval ratings in red states (up to 80%!), clear pollsters are "oversampling" blue states in national polls.
and look at the age of the crowd, folks...
Mitch, draw up articles for impeachment. Pick whichever reason you like.. Get to it! 
Thanks, Earth.
Thanks to our wonderful, hardworking, promise keeping Governor!!! All u do is lie to get reelected!
Get your butt in gear McConnell. You're a horrible leader.
Bernie Sanders said he will be there after republicans can't repeal ocare and is ready with a single payer bill. So we know what happened.
@SpeakerRyan @WaysandMeansGOP @WaysMeansCmte @stevenmnuchin1 NO TAX Reform until State Dept positions filled

how about you use fail obamacare and ill take your insurance!!  You are a dinosaur! You let down your base
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @courierjournal
Let's get to work!
WHAT: America's March to DC
WHEN: 7 NOV 2017
#nullify2016
McConnell you need to go back to work you DON'T deserve time off get to work and meet the Presidents and the peoples expectations
You should be ashamed of yourself. Blaming others for your failures!
You Sir, are a dinosaur. Please retire & let someone with a pulse actually DO your job. It's time.
You are pathetic & it should not take long to work on something that you have been in office for years for. Shame on you!
Please step down. You have failed the country.
Mr McConnell, you've had 7 years, 7years, 7 years!!! It's Way Past Time You Got To Work For Americans!!!!!!
And how swampy of you to speak like that about your President who saved your own useless party. Stab much like McCain and Ryan.
You in the other hand have been "in this line of work" ALL your life and you still haven't don't anything. You Rinos are laughable!!
How much did you have to pay them to come?
Holly crap...too high of expectations?  U need to resign!!!!!
Anyone happen to ask the Senator what the "realistic" expectation for repealing Obamacare was? It has been 7 years... so 7 more? Never?
Senator the what are those your cousins? There's almost no one in the room
You got a standing ovation? You wouldn't have got one from me. Retire now and give us someone who will support our president. You suck
We know you are doing nothing
Yo Mitch, appears 7 yrs & 200 days is too short a time period?  And u think POTUS doesn't understand the legislative process. Ha. U don't.
Repeal Obamacare was your boob bait for the Bubbas Daniel Patrick Monahan moment
It was you that stated on December 8th that you're going to do first thing repeal Obamacare on an up-or-down vote.
You're either incompetent or working with the Democrats to defeat the Trump agenda. Either way you're pathetic.
55 @a town hall mtg? How many were press, photogs or staff? Not impressed. Get out & meet the people Mitch.,
THROW TRUMP OUT!
McConnell should have this discussion with his fellow REPs esp Moderate/Progressive REPs who joined DEM Obstructionists

Just give us the house, Just give us the senate, Just give us the white house.  WHAT the hell are you Doing?? Get it done !!!!!
Shame on you Senator, YOU promised repeal of Obamacare as first act of Senate #shame senatorMcConnell
Mitch McConnell, the other #lowenergy #politician!
Slander POTUS you act like a lib. Now toughting POTUS agenda here. Crazy!
We were promised a FULL REPEAL! Stop stalling and do your JOB! #maga #fullrepeal
Blaming POTUS Senate inability to repeal Obamacare is disgraceful. McConnell promised for 7 yrs to repeal but failed. Grow a backbone coward
McConnell is just a cull, the Kentucky people are sheep, McConnell follows CAPO chuck Schumer, they will lead you all to the Nazi ovens
U&Ur cronies r lazy&haven't done diddly squat!U GOT EVERYTHING IN THIS LAST ELECTION&YOU HAVEN'T GIVEN THE PPL ANYTHING!TIME FOR TERM LIMITS
YOU&SEN.have left the ppl swinging n the wind bc of ur LIES saying how u would get things done!Stop blaming POTUS..it's U WHO IS TO BLAME!
Several wks of vacation. Most can't afford 1. HC subsidies while living in million dollar homes. Working the people like some work welfare.
No more excuses. Rise to the challenge. It is expected of us to do our jobs or we're fired. You should be held to same accountability.
Shocked by comments yesterday abt Americans expectations 2 high. Blaming POTUS. Shameful. Time for him to leave Senate. He can't lead.
DITCH MITCH
You need to do your job, The Senate takes to many vacations. People elected you to work for the People. Ridiculous
You and Rand Paul need to go. You are failures for our President.
Why the criticism of POTUS? 7 yrs & no ACAreplacement? Maybe this is a wake up call! Time for a change in Washington!
Mitch, you've never had the experience of being president, having everything blamed on U and media dumping on U. Grow a spine.

If congress wasn't so busy taking tax paid vacations, there would be more time to fulfill promises that got you temporarily elected.
you need to step down...POTUS expectations unrealistic, really? You had eight years...you fool!
You and the Rhinos are the failures... The people spoke..you are not listening!  Just Resign!
You are thr inexperienced one..you know nothing about efficiency or honest work.DJT runs circles around you!  Resign!

Lost my vote Mitch #No2Rinos
The conservative Repubs will NOT blame Pres Trump we will blame U and Ryan and McCain & those liberal Repubs! Free the damn economy /REPEAL
Seems to me the president is pushing his agenda along, it's still the establishment that has excuses and not results !
I can't believe you and Ryan have the nerve to blame our president! We are so pissed u r on vacation while our country is being besieged!
Support our president or we will elect those that will ! We want the swamp drained !

America has had enough of the bs! From looney liberal democrats AND Rinos!
Dems or repubs is a joke... it's all about the elite chosing our picks. We never had a choice, it's always been an illusion.
We see Mitch ! Repubs or dems do not want to see this president succeed ! Your gravy train is about to end.
You may try and pass the buck and blame the president for congress' failures but I assure you congress and the house will be gone ASAP!
Many republicans are livid with the worthless senators we have in office. If they don't get with the program and support Trump, voted out!
There are only 40 people in the room! 

Sen.Mitch McConnell ,stop blaming the POTUS for you & the Washington SWAMP inability the get legislation passed( 7yrs)!
I saw your tweet on Mcconnels site but no longer see it.Wondering if he's having them deleted.
It's twitter,  they have been stopping or deleting conservatives topics that they don't like or fit their narrative!
Your absolutely right they did it to me
I wonder if they try and block President Trump also
When you make comments about @POTUS not understanding how things work w/congress it makes you look foolish For 7 years republicans have said
gives us control of the house and we will get Obamacare repealed and replaced. @POTUS gave that to you & it's your job to get these bills
passed through congress and instead of working to get healthcare and tax reform passed Congress takes a month off from work it's almost like
you guys are trying to screw this up. The Democrats are trying to impeach @POTUS who we elected and it looks like you guys are scared of
democrats and scared to stand up for @realDonaldTrump you guys need to get your shit together and bring the Republican Party together
You have a wackjob with his finger on the bomb. WTF are u going to do mr. McConnell? Party before country, still?
Looney liberals are walking a thin line.
"I’ve been, and I will be again today, not a fan of tweeting..."

 Twitter aside, I am always a fan of having a better grasp of grammar.
You are well past needing to retire.  I will financially support your opponent, and I live in FL and life long GOP supporter!
Same here
Get rid of all the RINOs!
When are you going to have a town hall meeting?  You only seem to meet with business leaders, etc. but not with your constituents.
You are a TRAITOR AND A LIAR!  GET RID OF/REPEAL OVOMITCARE!
How much did they have to pay to attend? Try a FREE town hall & compare the response. As our POTUS would say, "SAD" or maybe "FAKE NEWS".
Gr8 discussion on repealing Obamacare too?  #SWAMPMASTER McConnell
Please...Just REPEAL Obamacare!
The truth behind McConnell:

https://www.senateconservatives.com/post/3597 
Impress to the senator that he and all Repub senators MUST BACK the PRESIDENTS AGENDA - no excuses, all 3 govt branches - embarrassing!
I wonder if he saw all the billiards around Louisville. They all say  DITCH MITCH! Just a little welcome home sign for him on the highway!
Make the switch, ditch the Mitch
Your POS Senator McConnell blocked @realDonaldTrump from making any recess appointments after he stalled 6 mths on getting him his nominees.
Tell me why you would support this do nothing rhino political hack?
Does trump think his lieutenants will confidently lie under oath after he conveniently broadcast he has unlimited power to pardon? I say yes
Keep your head up. Crowd size isn't everything--some of those folks look like they're awake. 

#morecoffeeneededhere

This is your obstruction of justice league.
Ditch Mitch!!!
http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/mcconnell-bipartisan-plan-pay-health-insurers-49058948 …  "McConnell to consider bipartisan plan to pay health insurers" TRAITOR!!!
Impressive...one Black dude, and not a single person under 60. Me thinks you are toast...
Even with the promise of free food and drinks, you still couldn't fill a teeny, tiny room (?)



LOL seems the room is a bit light on bodies!  Did they ask about health care and what you plan to do with Social Security?
Amen brother! I wish the long game would translate into the short walk as in Mitch walks his behind out of politics! Worthless leader
U HAND PICKED ur audience! How can ppl have 'standing ovation' when U did NOT delivered Hcare &TAX cut 4us! SHAME! @SenateGOP @RandPaul @VP
All 15 of the people from the great state of Kentucky gave him a standing ovation. Wow.
Planted


And no doubt encouraged to stand by Mitch's Own Kellyanne Crazyway, the ever ingratiating @ScottJenningsKY
Sorry broseph, I'm in a different state today. But I would've certainly applauded enthusiastically had I been there!
Were they saluting too? #ImThisGuy
All twenty of your supporters
So you think that small crowd represents an entire state? If you love your state so much why would you want to take their health care?
I loathe Mitch McConnell but you think paid rioters and protestors represent the country?
It's MUELLER time! Tick tock mitchie!!
Did lard ass say anything on Repeal of Ocare,that fkin back stabber
Sucker born every minute
Mitch interested in tax reform, but obviously not opioid epidemic as verified by health care bill. Vote him out-not willing to work w/others

Chaika. An investigative documentary by the Anti-Corruption Foundation - YouTube https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3eO8ZHfV4fk …

Sessions won’t help cities struggling with violent crime – unless they sign on to his immigration agenda. http://bit.ly/2v0aTbQ 
Good! Screw sanctuary cities. Looney liberals in office care more about illegals than Americans! Enough!!!
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/885196341143511040 …
#NoRefugeeBan #NoTravelBan #NoMuslimBan
No way! We want all of the above.


What a tiny audience.
That's his family, turtle couldn't handle his pissed off constituents

She cannot speak English or even program a computer but she does need salvation hope warmth and comfort #refugeeban 
