An insult to AMERICA
How about putting our country first instead of your party?
Horrible choice for a position that's job is to defend the Constitution
Blatant lies. When did Sessions become a defender of Civil rights? Disgusting
A man who was to racist to be a judge.
You are a bad man.  Suppressing a woman's voice, but not a man's.  You do not represent what America is about.
Fair?? U silenced senator  @SenWarren using a rule racist slaveowners introduced..!
Is this April Fools? Seriously, @SenatorSessions is opposite everything you said.
WHAT? Sessions knows civil rights like an unrepentant segregationist.
Stupid responses to NYT-forget that trump is a total disaster for USA-we're still getting what we want-will work to unseat!
wth late u on drugs?
SESSIONS IS NONE OF THESE THINGS. Not Fair in Action, Bound to the Constitution. OR Defender of Civil Rights.
that's bullshit and you know it
under the Constitution Merrick Garland deserved a vote. You are are a lying hypocrite.
#Sessions is #Unfit he is a #kkk racist who shouldn't be in that position
You were not only wrong but sexist to silence Senator Warren.
How'd you like the folks outside of your house last night? The resistance is real-USA before party Mitch-you Pepe!
B. S.
disgusting actions by McConnell.  You only care about special Interest.  We will vote u out.
I want no one to think I would tread the same ground as a sexist, racist testudine like U

I was born in KY & will ask vital statistics 2 change my place of birth 2 Venus
R U so afraid of an intelligent woman UR go to is a rule that violates 1st Amendment?
defender of civil rights MY ASS. That's why he's not a judge, you liar.
Thank you for the censorship Senator ! You made Elizabeth Warren's day! #backlash
,@McConnellPress @SenateMajLdr @SenatorSessions  “She was warned. Given  explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted” 
http://ln.is/www.politico.com/sto/f4qdh …
The intelligent people of this country don't believe a word that comes out of your . #lies
RACISM IN THE WHITE HOUSE WILL NOT BE TOLERATED......
Why only silence the woman for reading King's words? Voters will remember.
racist
exciting outstanfing choice,you, Paul and honest Don are doing well
Shame on you for how you handled Ms. Warren
and how dare you silence a well-respected senator. HOW DARE YOU!!!  #RESIST
hater of non-whites. Way to go setting us back 60 years. How dare you
Are you ever going to do anything with that stuff under neck? Becoming distraction
Sorry, but that just made me LOL. Someone on your staff has a great sense of humor.
all evidence to the contrary
But has a racist past
As America is ushered ever closer to authoritarianism who will remember the henchmen that aided & abetted?
we will
FAIR like YOU? Make me puke... hypocrite
we the people will turn the scales 18 months . Please step down
Why do u even have a twitter account?  There r SO MANY Americas that Hate u as much as I do
Mitkh MkKonnell lies. Doing the KKK's work. Go directly to hell.
Bullshit!!!
voter suppression to follow, padding your bankroll #WhyIResist
HOW can you justify making such blatantly false statements??? #alternativefacts
.@McConnellPress @SenateMajLdr @SenatorSessions Only fair if you're white, Christian & male. Otherwise, you're fucked.
BS feeble f*ck turtleman
LIES!!! It's not 1860 anymore Mitch. Why are you so AFRAID?
Suppressed black votes in Alabama #ShePersisted
