You need to stop caving to the democrats and support Our President or you need to resign. We voted for change we stand W/Trump
Too bad.  Looks like the will of the people prevailed.  Imagine that.
How about calling off the DOGS-get RID of these inane, stupid  investigations on Trump that have NO BASIS in fact-only innuendo!
IT'S TIME THE LEADERSHIP OF THE SENATE AND THE SENATE REPUBLICANS COMES OUT TO SUPPORT AND PROTECT @POTUS OUR 45TH PRESIDENT.
GOP should have released info2the public last Summer on #TrumpRussia we might not be in this effin mess now! U need 2b under investigation!
Touch trump is your third rail. We confident you will protect him.
"We've been doing a lot of investigating already, ok? This is nothing out of the ordinary. Def no constitutional crisis. Leave me alone."
W xxxzr see
You know you don't have to support Trump, right? You can pushback and ensure the Senate keeps its credibility.
Hard to do when you've got dirt on your hands.
We don't want any of it to continue! Taxpayers deserve better than this!You're investigating a fakenews media narrative with no truth to it!
Sniff sniff. We smell vodka. You are going to JAIL.
Support our elected POTUS
SO? WHAT CRIME WAS COMMITTED?COMEY UNDER OATH SAID THERE WAS NO OBSTRUCTION. SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT OR YOU ARE A WEASEL
You should resign if you can't push back on this baseless investigation.  Help Trump our get out!
WeThePeople who elected POTUS Trump are loyal to him and his agenda to MAGA! We have seen the fruit of Congress-it is against WeThePeople 
@McConnellPress you're not very likable in any way, shape, or form. You're truly just a self serving parasite on humanity.
History will remember U as fully complicit in the corruption and dishonesty that wounded, or killed, what the Founders began
Look what slithered out of a Kentucky swamp, the Senate majority troll! 
If you and Ryan don't start defending @POTUS and passing his agenda. Don't count on millions of votes next election. Why bet on dead horses.
You get one chance to turn the country around but you're too used to losing. You, Ryan and @SenJohnMcCain are reprehensible & don't know it.
Special Prosecutor for what reason. Even Sen. Feinstein has said TWICE in the last two weeks on Wolf Blitzer's Show; THERE IS NO EVIDENCE!!
For over a decade republican senators have accomplished nothing but scandal mondering. It appears this is all you know how to do.
Why are you not bringing some order to Comey's running amok testifying & setting the POTUS up? Get your act together & get mgmt in control!
Here is my statement to the entire pussyfied caving cowardly #Republican Party
Will never ever vote again. NEVER!
McConnell complicit in Russian ties
So Is this an investigation into Russia or Trump. F a Trump then all of you are disgusting since no special counse ever for HRC Obama crimes
And you had a mtg w/Dems to chit-chat about this? What next-cookies & milk 2C what else liberals wants in their efforts to bring down DJT?
Way to "make a statement " and not say ANYTHING! --you are an amazing politician!!
Great - so if the House and Senate are still doing their investigation, the leaks will continue.
Wow! Way 2 go out on a limb. How long b4 it's no longer advantageous 2 back Drumpf? Waiting 'til last min? Careful, you'll go down w/ship.
Why do we need you guys too- this is a bit redundant. Work on what matters- health etc
No Thanks To YOU!!!
You are a trump enabler
Did you and #tweekerRyan swear loyalty to #trumprussia ?
Heads up American. #tweekerRyan is going to pull the rug out from under the USA during  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/865245878944055296 …
Thank you for such and in depth statement to help clarify your support for the nation.  When is your election?
What a statement. #revolution
We Gave @GOP Power 4 #MAGA! Epic Fail! @GOP #GOP 2 Weak & Scared! No More #Donations! We Gave U Everything! @GOP #GOP Never Stand 2gthr!
Not thanks to u + @GOP but b.c. Ron Rosenstein is a real American who cares about democracy.  He had to do it w/o alerting @AGJeffBSessions.
@batterman_terri Im disappointed that Ucaved so quickly Lets quiet the DEMS down, I suppose. But ur Senate investigation is essentially over
What's it like 2be a turtle who's despised as a #COWARD by both Left & Right? Does the $ help heal ur soul & psyche? #FaustianBargain #RINO
Take your big-boy pants and wear them !  Like it or not, STAND-UP for (R)Trump. Find the LEAKERS !!!!  #DoYourJob
It does not confirm, it will make sure it continues. Do the job congress was trying not to do by focusing in leaks and unmasking.
We  the PEOPLE elected a Republican MAJORITY, BUT DEMOCRATS ARE STILL RUNNING THE SHOW!! WHY is that? U need to shut your mouth!
That statement is 3 sentences of absolutely nothing. Just like Mitchell's entire career.
Donald Corleone made Comey an offer he had to refuse then document. Proving Donald is actually Fredo. You are the real GOP Don. #Impeach
If this was a priority for you, you would support S 27 (to form an independent select commission). Instead, you have been silent.
I am disgusted with Republicans. You control all parts of government and still cower to democrats. What is wrong with you!!!
How does such a statement of the obvious improve on silence?
End Government Pensions for Senators, they get ELECTED for 6 yrs NOT 10-20 YRS so how is it they are entitled to a PENSION? #termlimits
This appointment is a fraud on America and sets our country back 100 years. U R a hateful sack of sh*t.
Oh so very informative.
for once I am happy with a statement from you!  We need T to be removed to save our country!  Did House of Slithering loose a resident?
U and your cowardly/unethical colleagues are now saved by brave action of Rosenstein. U can now come out of hiding, sleazebag !!!
How hard will you try to obstruct this investigation?
Well that's a mouthful of nothing! Thanks for caring!
Take the word "Leader" out of your handle, you old crony
Does this mean that you have second thoughts about supporting president trump ?
Didn't exactly support the idea did you? Just stayed the Obvious. Concerns of your own because u tried to hide reports brought to you?
hmmm...what is glaringly absent is what Mitch McConnell @SenateMajLdr actually thinks. Oh wait.

Ultimately, you will sacrifice Ryan & McConnell. Ironically, that is your one sacrifice that will help the US. 
No crime.  No evidence.  No motive.  Waste of time to investigate.  Don't you Washington people have any real work to do?
Now we are getting non statements. That will go along with the nopologies. Turtle sticking to his story.
Yeah. Some statement. Thanks. Here's my statement on water: There is a good amount of water on the Earth's surface, much of it salty.
Love to see your corporate & Russian business ties cut completely. When you answer questions under oath we can cut you out of the Senate
Finally some semblance of sense! Maybe.
Will your inlaw family and you have your drug peddling investigation involved too. Mitchy your statement sounds like a compliant 4 #SPOTHU
Are you ever going to say anything to defend our president? 118 out of 120 KY counties went Trump. Act like it, and represent your state.
Translation: "That happened." 

Is this the leader part of majority leader?
Majority ldr Bilbo hues tru 2 powr rolls ovr ALL n hs wake evry time 
We need a public record. That can only be done through independent commission.     Trump isn't competent or mentally balance. No. Korea FFS?
NOTHING to say about Trump leaking intel from Israel to Russians in the oval? Not one thing? Coward
We won't forget that you cared only for your agenda and power rather than standing up to aid in the preservation of democracy. Hypocrisy
You lousy no good cheese sandich.  You had your chance to lead.  And now you follow with your shallow, flaccid statement. Shame on you.
You're going to jail too, Mitch
#Indictments "enjoy!" 
you know you hate it
Pretty clearly you're dirty.
Have you secured private counsel for yourself yet?  Tell you obstructing budy Ryan to get one too.
Itch what statement is this. did you just cut and paste this. Say they will continue, no shit they should. Again no clue meaningless.. nice
Now you think it's a good idea?hmmm you didn't yesterday. Guess Rosenstein surprised a lot of folks
Do not believe the polls. Do your own. Attacking trump daily, @TheDemocrats are weaker than ever! Voters want to see you support @POTUS.
Show Party unity behind @POTUS. It is the ONLY way to win elections. Voters want to see your strength and your support for #Trump.
WE SEE YOU FOOL! ...TICK TOCK...
Now you wanna act like u agree w/this decision, when u fought it all along & stood by treason, deceit, rampant lies & did NOTHING 2 help it!
You've betrayed the people and the president we elected! Signed the American People!!
But #taxes. 

All of the faults of your party will be hung out to dry!  You are a shameless, old man.
When can we expect a Special Counsel on Fast and Furious, Obama's illegal surveillance, Benghazi, and the IRS scandal, $$ to Palestinians??
You are nothing but a self serving power hungry twit that stands for nothing of principle but bends to the highest bidder 2 secure your pwr
Really taking a strong stand there, Turtle.
We need the truth and Mueller can be trusted to dig for it. So, you and I finally agree on something
Must feel great having the terrible burden of actually working to help the country taken off your shoulders.
No one's paying attention to you.
You old RINO fart! When are you going to step up and defend the President from all this nonsense??
You ppl obsessed w/Soros. Take a look in the mirror. #1 #gop donor admitted to bribing Chinese Gov for his biz. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheldon_Adelson …
ANOTHER 100 MIL WASTED. WHAT ABOUT TAX REDUX. OBAMACARE, BORDER WALL, MILITARY. WHAT ABOUT ALL THE CAMPAIGN STUFF.
Slightly less BS than the Speaker but you should still put your boots on.
Oh, sorry. Didn't realize your wife got a job through Trump. That explains it. Screw ethics when if you are benefiting, right?
ever since the Republicans won the election the Democrats have gotten everything they want. They win when they lose. Republicans do what????

UR the epitome of the swamp Trump promised to drain. Ironic that the swamp is the very one defending him. U both deserve to go down together
yesterday #Trumpcare , today taxes. U and your buddy @SpeakerRyan are very busy avoiding the real subject. #trumprussia
I think FOXNews should go down in flames. With this story. They are spreading lies and will create a Civil War. Listen to their news
What? This is the biggest non-statement I've ever read. I had to re-read it three times
He's CORRUPT along with Hillary
@JamieLucke it would of been nice @SenateMajLdr if you had asked this to happen!  Complicit?  Please lead out country&state
So whats the statement?  More fodder for the Ds the Rs are so scattered you need to take your members and grow a danm backbone stand up
What. Ever. No one believes a word you ribbit.
Better have backup: Trump can not only fire Rosenstein, he can also fire Special Counsel Mueller.
With no due respect sir, you are chief corrupt, chief coward!
Is that a "statement" or a "waste of air"?
but when will you admit he's impeachable? You are still his lapdog.
Now I know how you really feel. (Sarcasm)
You are going down Turtle!!
Trump brought transparency to DC & showed GOP as the hypocritical miscreants you are.dirty behind the scenes wrangling w/pious christian bs

You may wanna wear a neck brace, chicken necks are awfully fragile and snap easy
You establishment types just can't stand the president can you?  You should be fighting like hell for him.
I don't understand,you know it is not true!Please get behind our President Trump&get on with the promises to We the people who put y'all in!
Trump will take you down with him! Start packing comrade!
wow, now that's a benign statement, nice politics.
No thanks to your obstructions! You have been instrumental in destroying the Republican Party!
Too little too late.
Lapdog
protect him from trump firing, fund the investigation get this done before anything else. Democracy at stake.
Cowards all of u. U did nothing to stop Obama and ur still doing nothing. Dems get their way again. 63 mil trump voters will not forget.
This is what you gutless a$$ wanted...YOU and your Elitist buddies have let down America. We asked for change and you gave in to Dems again
Weasel
Your obstruction didn't work after all, you disgraceful political hack. Can a senator be impeached? Sure hope so!
Little late to get on board 
You are ineffective, should not represent this country and generally useless.
ur thinking of Killary
Coward. You should be leading support for YOUR PRESIDENT.  COWARD
@doedeer1664 mitch McConnell you tried to stop investigation ,don't act like you always wanted it,your ass needs to be investigated to

Well, those are some... words.
Only reason you would continue is to know just when to flee the country, 'eh comrade?
Merrick Garland
Now u got something to say..who gives a crap what u have to say u traitor
You should try writing a novel
Boring. We've moved on to "obstruction of justice" by #POTUS and the elf.
You are regurgitating others actions, not a recommendation like a special counsel to Congress, not beholden to @potus
Crawl back into your shell. Nobody wants to hear from you.
Russia has attacked us! Americans helped.When do u and Paul think you'll man up and do something about it? To busy with ur HC death blow!

