Not mincing words, that is total BS. But I'm not surprised, coming from you.
Dear Senator, @AndyPuzder has done little more than screw workers of wages &suppress earnings. HES NOT A  QUALIFIED LABOR SECY
you care about yourself and constituents. #doyourjob
please retire.  You are no longer relevant...nor does it appear that you care about the American people.
STAND W UR COUNTRY FIRST not YOUR PARTY. investigate TRUMP-RUSSIA TIES ASAP
I'm genuinely curious what unique traits he possesses.
what a schill, will you please just head out to the big swamp in the sky.
#he kicked a woman's ASS! Shame on you Mitchell
Do not delay the repeal of the affordable care act (Obama care). Act now!
when the executive branch has been compromised by the Russians it is treasonous not to investigate. #DoYourJob #impeachTrump
.@atadayon you mean like this?: http://tinyurl.com/jue8k2q 
Big difference, Obama had authorization 2 negotiate, Flynn had no auth or permission from anyone.But you knew that already I'm sure
Oops... http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/02/15/515437291/intelligence-official-transcripts-of-flynns-calls-dont-show-criminal-wrongdoing … Now, go take this up with NPR… 
CLEARLY says illegal action NOT ruled out.Then again he prob resigned just bcuz that's what people who do nothing wrong do.
Who said did nothing wrong? The Russians brought sanctions up, not Flynn. His mistake was not telling VP they were mentioned.
Yeah, that's the ticket.
He was a bad choice by a clearly unprepared & uninformed @POTUS & YOU shouldn't have approved of EITHER of them! #ImpeachTrump
LIES!!!! NOT SURE WHO IS THE BIGGER LIAR, YOU OR TRUMP.....
So, the man who employed MANY undocumented workers should be labor secretary?  Perhaps Bernie Madoff will be the next nominee
You are talking and obfuscating your way to Conway-esque irrelevance.
AMERICANS WANT THE DEMOCRATS GONE !! ALL THE SEATS THEY THINK THERE GOING TO KEEP IN 2018 - #TheGrassRootsAreGrowingForTrump
and this is what you want for our country?  Pathetic.  You should be ashamed
If you supported Andy Puzder, you are a joke. Even he knew he wasn't qualified. You are scared to stand up to @POTUS ..sad!!!
He is a wife beater. I realize you have no soul.
@Puzder was "uniquely qualified?  SERIOUSLY? U promise coal jobs - they're GONE forever. It's a game 4 U. It's yr power trip!
.@SenateMajLdr I just want to know who the hell votes for you in #Kentucky?? @GOP what a disgrace!
Many would respect your decision to resign. You will have to turn on 45 eventually. Don't wait too long.
.@SenateMajLdr the #ChinlessWonder talking garbage again. Listen pal, save your breath for your inflatable boyfriend. #BreakingNews
You need to step down McConnell
Here's his ex-wife's statement.
"uniquely qualified" ...that's an interesting way to put it
When & where is yr town meeting? Do U have constituents? UR in this 4 the power, not 4 the folks who voted 4 U to whom U lie.
yeah and he beats his wife, sounds like your kinda guy. #voteGOPoutIN2018 #IMPEACHPOTUS #RESIST
#DoYourJob #impeachtrump
#doyourjob #WeVote2018
The executive branch of our government has been compromised by the Russians  with all do respect #DoYourJob #ImpeachTrump
OH, good choice! #Treason #TreasonousTrump #TreasonsGreetings You will go down with him, Mitch!
You supported him because you are in the pocket of big business, you hack.
Despicable. This is a man who openly degraded and despised the workers at his businesses.

You don't give a shit about women, do you? No problems whatsoever with the allegations of spouse abuse? Disgraceful.
Where is your call to investigate the treason in the White House? You're colluding, Mitch.
You are dishonest
@McConnellPress Ur complaint abt democratic obstruction is hilarious coming from u, king of obstruction for 8 yrs
Ask liberals to name their choice of a CONSERVATIVE head of DOL. When they fail to name one, will you apologize to Puzder?
It's past time to end the politics of personal destruction. How loud was your voice when his reputation was being lynched?
Your decisions impact 324 million citizens NOT just people in KY – COME MEET ALL OF US NOT just those from Kentucky
FAIL.
This statement means nothing, except that you wasted even more of my tax dollars!  Resign at once!  Traitor!
can u pls resign? U can meditate in a monastery for repentance of all your sins after u retire!  Or buy a 1-way tix 2 Siberia
@McConnellPress you should work for him 
what are you? Definitely not human - Maybe u r SATAN personified -I can see your 2 horns !
STOP SUPPORTING EVIL!
Once again, you've got your head in the sand. Puzder would have been disastrous to the very people he was there to protect! @SenateMajLdr
Thank you for supporting @AndyPuzder !!!!!!!!
bottom line, you back losers
...racist, xenophobe, misogynist with a severe case of yellow fever. I bet she's had nothing but 'headaches' since green card.
Your Taiwan mail-order bride should've shown Putz's sense of shame and withdrawn simply because she married you. Dixiecrat...
"That only makes him a bad ALT_FACTer, not a bad guy. Just not quite the total sociopath we'd ideally like."
"I'd vote for Putzder. No less odious than others, silly man had shame to withdraw. Should've been shameless as the rest."
How compromised are you? I miss the Obamas.
We don't care what you think. YOU ARE CORRUPT! Need to go.
Do you live in a constant state of denial! Time to pack it in - you've become a "has been" in politics!  Losing credibility!
Not only are you not listening to your constituents you're not listening to the country as the leader of Congress. WE PAY YOU!
You're a disgrace & any legacy you had will be destroyed by Trump. Do you think he'll care either? You're just as corrupt.
.@SenateMajLdr, I'm beginning to think when you say "uniquely qualified," you just mean "unqualified, but will push our @GOP agenda."
if you don't recognize what a bad choice he was, them you have a screw loose.
Then offer a choice of a CONSERVATIVE you would lobby for as DOL head.
.@SenateMajLdr Maybe you could try a less controversial choice like Josh Duggar. #resist #VOTUS
Ask yourself why Flynn was not fired, but #SallyYates, who warned DT about him, did. #investigatetrump
History will judge you harshly for protecting a corrupt, unfit and treasonous @POTUS
- YOU WILL BE RECALLED!  Get on board with Trump!  We have had it your weakness!  TRUMP  is who we voted for!  Remember that!
hehe! Puppet
your chapter in history will be a dark one, alas -- very dark with the Vichy republicans -- Shame on you.
how about a statement on why GOP is trying to cut regulations protecting endangered species? And state retirement plans?
Hey, Mitch! Investigate the Russian influence on our political system. Or we'll investigate you.
support @realDonaldTrump or we walk.
stop kissing Trumps ass and investigate Putingate.  Our national security is at high risk.
It's not the department of ANTI-Labor. That's the Republican Party's job.
in case you haven't noticed  the trend, people are over fake...like this statement.
He beat his wife. You are a coward. #GOPStandsForNothing #PartyOverCountry #ReaganWouldBeAshamed
- you are repulsive
As a Marine I was proud to serve under Reagan. Your efforts to put party ahead of American security however disgust me.
when is your next kkk meeting
Weren't there alegations of Mr. Puzder being a wife beater?
You are a traitor to this country. You cannot run and cannot hide. We will #neverforget. We are coming.
he's deserting a sinking ship. It wasn't some heroic act of self-sacrifice.
If you liked him I know he was wrong for the job you hypocritical turtle.
Hey Mitch. Heard your getting lots of company at home these days. Next week will not be fun for you!
he was a bad cabinet pick. Without the dems you would have rushed this flawed man through the system.
From one modern-day slaver to another, right?
Investigate Russian control of WH and Trump. You embarrass my great state of KY.
Do your job. Work for America first not your party. We're watching & will remember next election. #WomensMarchOnWashington
is this a joke
Wrong!!!
Wow, thanks for those profound words on this matter.
blar blar baity blar. I'm an old fucking turtle.
he is a complete asshole who would have been a horrible secretary of labor
What are you doing to immediately bring to justice Obama WH Intel operatives criminally leaking classified communications!!!
@McConnellPress 
Improve the lives of hard-working Americans while eliminating min. wage? Have you lost your mind?
Mc Connell if u really believe Puzder would have been a real asset 2 hard workers knowing what protesters say time 4 u 2 go
U R NO LEADER U R SERIOUSLY. .. U R A CRACK HEAD MR MAC
Way to stick up for a cheating, filthy wife beater
@McConnellPress 
Its time to get some guts and back up our President NOW.  YOUR not doing your job as promised, get tough!
wish we could withdraw you!
people over party ......remember the American way?
Time to change Mitch , it will not work anymore.
Supporting a wife beater isn't a good look Mitch!
The question is... Will you withdrawal? You're presence is NO LONGER needed. Signed, Kentucky!
Explain how the country was not on the right track, prior to Jan 20. #alternateGOPreality #GOPlies #TPGOPEG
60% of Puzder's franchises violate labor laws. His withdrawal is a win for American workers.
Before or after he degrades women, in his life and at his establishments?
now would probably a good time to start updating your resume. Maybe Puzder can get you on at Hardee's!
@McConnellPress You sold your soul to the devil, you're dead inside. Why don't you lie down? Love is gone from you...
@McConnellPress Pudzer is anti-labor. allegations of spousal abuse. oh yeah. Mitch admit you backed the wrong horse.
You have obviously lost touch with the reality of how Mr. Puzder made his millions!
@McConnellPress #LOCKHIMUP #yougowithhim
You actually voted for this wife beater?!?!  Don't you have a conscience?  Saw some of his commercials, deplorable!
Was it the EMAILS?!?! Please DO YOUR JOB and protect this nation #itsoverdonny
You are so out of touch with America. Please step down!
we don't really care. You seem to use things only when convenient to you.
@McConnellPress guess beating on women is okay to you? Hey, how's Russia? U n urs r going down
@hillarychabot I strongly supported him for the hot babes in his commercials.
#YouSoldYourSoulTo45 Do your job! #FollowTheTrailToRussia #45IsAnIdiot
If you think Puzder was actually qualified, that explains why Kentuckians are so poor.
my statement on you = partisan liar
I'm just amazed at your insistence on insulting the electorate.  Who are these tweets for?
Why is @SenateMajLdr blocking an independent commission to investigate Russia and the Trump admin?

Remember in 2018 

Your Vote Matters
on the wrong side of history, Mitch. Supporting a wife beater. Is that what all you GeeOhPees do?
when you say "uniquely qualified", is that the same as saying not qualified at all?
Sorry your wage suppressing, wife-beating, misogynist buddy withdrew from his nomination. Poor us. :(
you're a weasel.  He exploits labor
"knows how to improve lives of hard working Americans" Wife & employees must not be hard working? Despicable-Word of the Year.
What r YOUR connections to Russia, Majority Leader? Why won't u investigate Trump? U have clear cause. Worried about exposure?
You wake up every day and think *How can I betray the American people today?* Resign. The most patriotic thing you could do
This is your statement?  What about #ethicalissues?  Are you going to investigate #Kremlin?
What a pathetic statement. No mention of why he withdrew. Did he promise you something for not tearing him a new one?
You forgot to add how much of a 'patriot' he is and how he could've changed the world yada, yada, yada.
Puzder deserves all the truth exposed: Spouse Abuse; Unfair Labor practice; favor robots over human, etc
So, your statement is that you don't have one. Bad boy. Off to detention!
would you also like to address why the Trump cabinet is filled w/domestic abusers & sexual predators? Family Values? @nytimes
well it turns out you also supported a wife beater. Good job on the vetting, Senator.
@realDonaldTrump @maddow so if you beat your wife and it becomes public, then you don't get approval. Got it
You backed a loser!  Your statement is on the record . Turkeys stick together !
sir, you are lost.
Hmmm. Any thoughts on him beating his wife? She was probably asking for it.
The fact that you supported that guy shows how completely corrupt you are
U can't possibly believe ur BS! Uniquely qualified? B/c he opposes minimum wage & supports corporate welfare? Beats his wife?
