As long as you know that none of this will distract us from #Trumprussia
Thank you for going nuclear..... we need Judge Gorsuch
Nothing like Party over Country
Sue, I realize that's the philosophy of the "resisters" not mine ;) I have always been country 2nd...God 1st
Well, well, well....how judgey How does your God feel about your hate nd judgement of others.
Who are you responding to? The voices in your head? Certainly not me ;)
I agree with Mr Trumps action no one should do that to those poor people especially the babies if Obama should have !!
Where was your outrage when @GOP  blocked Obamas efforts to act in 2013? #GOPHypocrisy
One of my favorite scriptures. Im not "Christian", left the church when there seemed to be more Sunday christians than practicing Christians
wow! I hope that doesn't happen..... be safe, & thank you for walking the walk 
So: a SCOTUS member can b confirmed w/o a majority and @POTUS can commit act of war w/o congress' approval or strategy. Yay, America!
Pissst!   51 is a majority 
Psssst! Majority is 60. Unless you pick up your marbles, stamp your feet, and change the rules
Talk to your pal Harry Reid - its his rule
He used it after @GOP blocked *89* times. You guys couldn't handle it ONCE.
Are you all going to high five each other and gloat about how you screwed the American People over once again?  #YourDaysAreNumbered
Arrr! Still whining about losing election. Poor baby snowflake 

???
you are not worthy
#notmysenator #notmypresident
Hypocrite.  Party over country traitor.
You're a joke.
will you be talking about #Trumprussia and how the Russians helped elect Trump?
You Mitch McConnell are a disgrace to the American people. How you ever got elected is beyond me! Total hypocrite!
I cannot think of any traitor that I detest MORE this you. Go straight to hell.
Rallying for dear leader, Mitch?
Maybe you should lay low for a few years.
Dems going nuts that their Russia story is now dead
Not by a long shot. He called his BFF before Congress. 
Cool, so u want to start ww3
Please have a massive heart attack at 10:59 or sooner.
Hold it in Kentucky at an open town hall.
Will you be discussing how you failed for the first time in history to allow hearings on a Supreme Court pick? #StolenSeat Shame on you.
That is a #StolenSeat by an #illegitimatepresident. Shame on YOU! #partyovercountry  #malevolentMcConnell
You disgust me. #StolenSeat #TrumpRussiaCoverUp

Mitch McConnell's daughter Claire, as a teacher, strapped students in chairs and taped their mouths shut
May the souls of all dead Syrians eat your soul up!
Discuss this: Civilians among 21 killed by US-led Syria strikes
Trump will stab you in the back, just wait.  He despises both you and Ryan.
Unless you plan to announce you are resigning in disgrace, we have no interest in anything you say. #StolenSeat #TrumpRussia #treason
Traitors
Unless it's declaring war,president should work with generals to make decisions! Trump showed tremendous strength & leadership!
Pres. Obama went to you & asked for a war authorization to use missiles and you refused. Where would we be today if you had done your job
Party over Country. What a sad day for those who believe in democracy.
You lost so you changed the rules you POS! Oligarchs tend to fall very hard, their Stooges do even worse! Think about that!
You will go down in the history books as perverting and destroying our government all for personal gain.
I'm beginning to believe you are even more corrupt and deceitful than trump, and that takes some doing
What's the protocol now? In the future, how will SCOTUS noms proceed? What are the rules? #NewScotusProtocol ???
You will be voted out
You lead GOP obstruction for years and pushed this through to suit your need or bank acct not Americans. You're a vile man
I'll be sure to not to listen to it turtle boy
Merrick Garland rightful owner.
Haha fake press conference you need to go away
No one wants to hear the shit that spews from your face.
only because you don't care about the full country. did not like what Reed did but why go down the same path? U R a little man w/power
#unamerican #undemocratic
Dems will regain a majority in not too distant future. They should never forget how this seat was stolen.
Another report! WINNING! And maga, natch!
JUST IN: Syrian warplanes take off from air base hit by U.S., carry out strikes in Homs countryside - Syrian observatory for human rights
Woohoo! USA! USA! Now let's hope for a legislatively significant bump in the polls before this goes wide:
#BREAKING Jets carry out strikes from Syria base hit by US: monitor
You don't listen to the American people so why would you think that we would want to hear what #kochbrothers McConnell would have to say?
McConnell only hurts America. We must vote him out. He tears apart our democracy to get his way. Not a Leader, a thief!
I'll puke if I have to hear your BS.  #dictator
will you take questions or chicken out like @potus does ???or did you bomb Syria to distract from your corrupt ways?
both illegal and illegitimate.  Ain't that right Mitch?  But better white than right, eh???
This country will be so much better off when you're gone.  #stolenseat #f**kMitch #merrickgarland
Just an FYI, none of us are in a "deep depression" after the election, as you stated.  What we are is ANGRY.  #VoteThemOut  #Resist #Russia
Does hearing start next week for Garland?
So you'll be showing yourself to be an unprincipled hypocritical shit-stain? That's not news.
Don't bother.
Your strong moral stance on #Syria will NEVER be forgotten, patriot. *cough*
Too bad he did
It's odd. He seems to forget A LOT of his strong, moral stances on things. It's a REEEAL mystery!
b sure 2 tell truth how u & rest of Congress refused help 2 Obama & some r saying Trump should have brought his plan 2 Congress first #TRUTH
Again...you should be ashamed for choosing to destroy the checks and balances created by the constitution to get your own way.  Disgraceful!
Itch go home retire. You have done so much damage
"Well executed" strike you say? Tell that to the parents of the 4 children your president executed in this strike.
Ugh
Congratulations on stealing a seat on SCOTUS & making it easier 1% and Corps. to ruin people's lives or just outright kill them.
Mr. McConnell you are a traitor.
Great news! Can't wait to see Gorsuch take his seat on Supreme Court! Now we need to start considering who will be next for confirmation!
Which of your two faces will be attending, you duplicitous little man? #Garland #SCOTUS #impeachtRump
"I will be gloating to the press @ 11:00 about how the GOP killed democracy, and how dear leader is killing brown people and starting war"
Fixed that up for ya, McTurtle!!
If you really are a religious man I sure hope you like warm weather! They have a special spot picked out for you in the afterlife #evilGOP
And I hope America fires you because of this!
Retire!
How can you disregard the democracy of this country and change a rule to fit your desires.  This is despicable.
Thank you for FINALLY standing tall for the PEOPLE and USA.  SCOTUS Gorsuch !!!  One of the best nominees in time. This is history in making
Putin is pretty happy about the SCOTUS pick.
You didn't vote you change the rules cheating that's it in my book. You are so about yourself
#Gorsuch @BarackObama #USA: Let #WeThePeople of #America use this to  your & #Senate's #SellOut #rump with #Dump #Trump. Any difference?
 = fire #SecretService @USTreasury
Nobody will be watching.
Who cares it will swing back. You are a sad sack but let's see what happens with Russia. All you care about is money in your pocket
Traitor!
Your kind of behavior is the reason so many of us have fled the Republican Party. Henry Clay is rolling over in his grave.
@POT As a American citizen, I want Independent investigation into Russian influence!!!!! No DEM's or Rep's. What will it hurt?
You are clueless, inept and corrupt.  Merrick Garland's name will be associated with your downfall. How will you be remembered in 100 years?
You could have #DelayedGorsuchVote until after #investigation.  Your President in under criminal Investigation.  What was your hurry?
serve country over political party.  Any Supreme Court justice nominee who can't get 60 votes, isn't qualified.
Merrick Garland.
More lies?
@All100Senators @POTUS #GOPAmnesia McConnell Rule now-YOU OWN IT! Karma will be a.... #2018IsComing....
As much as you think you are right you are not. You do know that Hamilton was shot by Burr in a duel, Hamilton, did...
shady back siding shit. And he didn't have much to do with the writing of the Constitution. He wrote Federalist papers.
You are a manipulative old man destroying America from inside the senate.
This asshole... he needs to step DOWN.
I don't want to listen a hypocrite! The most embarrassing human is congress! Disgrace
You had better discuss your plans for damage control in the upcoming mid-term elections. Should be priority for you.
Hey... curious. When did Republicans decide it's cool to start using the Constitution for toilet paper?  That document used to have meaning.
Retire do us a favor.
Stop electing this guy damn
TORTURE & CORPORATIONS o/PPL is the republiCON way

THANKS FOR NOTHING. YOU GUYS ARE SHAMEFULLY denying Syrian refugees access here but standing up 4 them with airstrikes?
Discuss how you are ceding the power of the Senate because you are being blackmailed by RNC Hack & that Syria is a #ReichstagFIre?
Why do you care about Syria now and ignored them in 2013? You'll do anything to try and stay in power.
#TrumpRussia #Russia #Collusion #Complicit #Traitor #Treason #PutinPuppet #PartyOverCountry #WrongSideOfHistory #Impeach #Resist
Don't waste your breath unless you will explain your stance of policy over people and your years of obstructionism.
@LisaBornfree247 @Lolalolita0000 1 airstrike & America is leading again? I guess we didn't lead the last 8 years! Trump poll # were tanking!
Mitch McConnell has a short memory after midterms he might get a refresher on what it feels like to be in the minority ! JERK
who cares. U are a traitor to America!
I won't be watching. I will watch when tRump goes down and you go with him. It will happen little sad man.
Nobody cares what you think
Failed attack by failing president.Damage looks like firecrackers vs launched strike.Russia advised, not Congress.EMBARASSING 4 u 2 endorse
Few of us will listen or care as Washington is severely broken and no longer represents American ideals. Most of you will be voted out.
They better be. Adults who behave like petulant children have no business leading this country.
Agreed.
No one gives a shit what you think, traitor.
Go ahead Mitch, let the Republicans confirm a morally bankrupt judge to the supreme court and the fallout will be #ImpeachGorsuch.
yes stand tall and say daddy told me to do this or he would take my coal away
You are a FAILURE and you and the rest of the GOP will be held accountable in 2018 and 2020.
If the US sanctions airstrikes in Syria than we must also accepts their refugees. #SyriaStrikes #RefugeesWelcome
Why did your dictator call Putin? Traitors!!!!
#Gorsuch is not the right justice for our nation. The people vote NO. Change the nominee not the rules. #NoGorsuch
#WGAF
did you know Putin was helping GOP elect trump when u decide to block Garland vote?
The CIA told lawmakers last summer that it had information indicating that Russia was working to help elect Trump http://nyti.ms/2p8BePj 
No @SenateMajLdr, the GOP is confirming the plagiarist of the #SCOTUS without Dems. Call it what it is, larceny.
I will be holding a press conference at 11:00 AM to discuss the #Senate confirming Judge #Gorsuch & the actions taken by @POTUS in #Syria.
Proud of you. These Democrat need to realize who is in charged.
Nothing but disappointing actions. You embarrass our country in a daily basis.
Shut up @SenateMajLdr
The Senate is not confirming Gorsuch, Republicans are. He knew he would be confirmed regardless, this is why he smirked at the questions.
McConnell just plays politics without considering the dangerous effects on the United States of America.
