We need single payer #MedicareForAll. Why have taxes pay for senator's health insurance but not our own? Why arms&drones but not med care?
Single payer = poor, slow healthcare.  Seems like a great idea but it's not.  No competition = hi costs, poor service; not held accountable.
Lol how do you explain what's happening now under this garbage privatized system?
prevent from acting in secret, yes. to what are you referring,  anonymous bot-person?
Grow up. Fix it. No need to replace it. Because your egos are bigger than your need to help people below you?! Grow up. #HoldTheFloor #AHCA
Trump is suffering such a bizarre, jealous rage that he's obsessed with destroying anything with his predecessor's stamp on it.
it would make for great tv drama. Sadly it's not episode of Designated Survivor. But it might be at this rate. #StopTheMadness #NoToAHCA
I love Designated Survivor. Watching a government destroy millions of people's health insurance, not so much.
Obama destroyed mine.  Premiums, deductible so hi - couldn't afford DR.  We should just make it more competitive; works every time.
Or remove competition altogether. My country spends less than half per capita on healthcare, with better outcomes. We have single-payer.
what is your country?  how does your system work?  What do you pay?
Stop Lying that ACA is so bad & unpopular! Maj of Americans favor it! And you know it! Fix it! SHADY DEALINGS! Karma will catch up with you!
ACA is TERRIBLE!!!  I couldn't afford to go to a DR cuz premiums, ded so hi.  What health care do you have?
13 men writing the Senate’s health care bill behind closed doors, with no accountability to the American people. VOTE THEM OUT!!!
u are the & P. Ryan who want to leave millions without healthcare. It's noting short of premeditated legal murder. Blood on your hands
Damn straight. You Republicans are only trying to line your pockets. You are not acting in the interest of poor folks.
SHAME ON YOU!!! The democrats are asking for some fair time and hearings...You are offering nothing!! you are no leader!!!
What are you high on????  Have you listened to the Dems at all?  All they do is obstruct!!
How would you feel not being able to protect your child from a bad Healthcare Bill being created by one person. #youareamonster
Yeah the people tried telling you what you doing is not what they want. Democrats are the only party in with ears.
We demand to have hearings and time to evaluate the Republican health care plan
Yeh - like Pelosi said - We have to pass ACA to see what's in it!!!  Where were your demands then!  Hypocrit!
Then act w/out them.  Repeal it.  Go with Rands ideas.  Don't let this great country fail by becoming more Socialist - which will destroy it
Doesn't negotiating in secret and not allowing the public to review the details of your proposed bill border on criminal behavior?
Took time to let you deal w/ friends/colleagues being shot at.I am a decent person and believe no matter who you are you deserve respect.
Don't be part of the problem by making our great country more socialist.
Perhaps you should look at Sen. Schumer's FACTUAL comparison of how the ACA was processed #opendiscussion #hearings #ampletine
If congress actually would DO SOMETHING, you *might have a point.  

You. Have. A. Majority.

What's your next excuse?
They are working for the people, you are working for your party, killing my daughter. #youareamonster
Congratulations, @McConnellPress. you're a monster.
get out of our lives
Just like you and your cronies did against Pres. Obama.  I believe you, you hypocrite, said something about blocking everything a bit ago
12 men holding secret meeting and not sharing your plan is the American way
You had to work!! OMG!!!  You old men need to resign or put forth national healthcare!  Call it what is really is AHCA!  RESIST, VOTE, VOICE
...under covers,in the dark...Dems want @GOP to let Americans know how badly they want to screw us for the rich to get a tax break-Show us!
When will we see a copy of the bill?
You're a lying weasel.  No offense to @DaveWeasel
You are a disgusting man. I have health care but God help the ones who don't.
Lots of people hate you Mitch.  I'm one of them.  There are millions of us.  U can't hide forever.

#corruption #greed
Remember when you blocked Merrick Garland's SC appointment out of spite and craven partisanship?
You are a liar and a hypocrite. Have you no soul?
Remember when you demanded transparency for Americans? Wayyyy back during the ACA debate
#ShowUsTheBill
What you really meant to tell everybody was this,we're just gonna push it through & deal with it later I'm old who cares
I REMEMBER YOU SAYING "NOTHING OBAMA SENDS TO GONGRESS WILL BE CONSIDERED"
You are showing great leadership ... need to tell Schumer Dems need "..to pass the bill in order to find out what's in it ..:
Go Dems
Despite deliberately sabotaging the necessary funding for Obamacare, McConnell is still a hypocritical, evil shit-turtle
Sen McConnell, What AHCA will do Kentucky is despicable. We "OBJECT" to you Mitch and we will vote you out. That's a promise you CROOK!
Who would want to pass a healthcare bill named for a traitor?
We will turn everything blue if you pass the new, secretive healthcare bill.
Ky. Voters will remember that your trying to deceive us! DITCH MITCH
Hey Mitch we want hearings over the horrendous Trumpcare.
You set a dangerous precedent when government operates in the dark and in hiding!
#ShowUsTheBill Would your mother be proud of you denying health care to the most vulnerable in our society?  What kind of man are you.
STOP blaming Dems.  If your bill is so great, #ShowUsTheBill  Not one medical assoc. approves of the bill.  YOU are a COWARD.
Throwing 23 million off health insurance is beyond cruel.  What kind of person are you that you don't want all Americans to have health ins?
Lie.
False. This debacle is on you
You are only interested in tax cuts for the rich. You do not serve the people. You are disgraceful.
You have 3 of the 4 branches.  Do not waste them by adopting ANY of the liberal Obama Care or Tax the Rich principals.  Fight like democrats
What happened to draining the swamp? #hypocrite #coward
#ShowUsTheBill Whar are you scared of?
Just like the Georgia race where the republican used the ad of where Scalia got shot? Yeah that's classy!
All Americans deserve accessible, affordable healthcare. What are the GOP men doing behind closed doors? Shame on you Mitch McConnell.
You just want to give the rich a tax cut. Stop hiding show the public the health bill now. Shame on you.
AND YOU ARE SECRETLY BEHIND CLOSED DOORS  PASSING A KILLER BILL YOU ASS 
Turtles cannot talk.
You represent the poorest state in America, yet you are the richest man in that state. Represent your people, not yourself!!!
It's not a failure! Leave it alone!
Senator the only thing that matter to republicans like you is money, job security for you and your wife & using God to manipulate the people
Surely, you know this bill will be devastating for many Americans !  Those same people who pay for your salary and YOUR
 health insurance !
I think what you meant is that Dems are trying to not let GOP do their dirty work in secret. Signed, a Kentuckian (aka your constituent)
#WhatSheSaid!!
Shame on you Sir... start representing all the American people not just your wealthy donors.. have some sense of decency.
Go ahead with15% approval rate healthcare bill pass....just WATCH WHAT HAPPENS!! Why is it a secret? America wont accept this. Get ready.
GOOD
Hope ur Russian connections catch up with you! Hope you get ZERO votes at re-election time. Despicable heartless person!
You're all hiding like pussies so you don't have to face your constituents. C'mon, it's all about tax cuts for rich. "Family Values" party?
Hard to reach you Mr. McConnell. No one answers phones, mailbox full, no YouTube comments. Afraid to hear from the public?
WHY ARE YOU HIDING TO DO HEALTH CARE? UNCONSCIONABLE! How do you look in mirror at yourself? God watching & you have to live with yourself,
Why are #Trump and #McConnell so afraid of open debate -- that is not leadership its pooped underwear @realDonaldTrump #Republicans #AHCA
If you have not presented the health care bill, how can they vote on it?Shame, shame on you 4 what u are doing in the Senate re health care
That's because the majority of the American people will be hurt by the super-secret STEALTHCARE plan you & yr cronies have been cooking up!
Mr. #Trump guess who is going to own #Trumpcare and become the most despised president in history of #USA - @realDonaldTrump congratulations
But pushing a secretive #trumpcare agenda is better? It's not just democrats who are against this
I OBJECT #McConnell and @realDonaldTrump will kill #American #healthcare with #AHCA -- why afraid to let us see and review -- #SAD
Is Sen. McConnells neck flap clammy hot or clammy cold?
Feel free to tell the country ur big plan turtle 
Show us the bill! What are you hiding?
You are lying. You said everyone is participating who wants to. You are hiding this no medical input no Demo input no female input Liar!
Democrats don't matter! The Republicans do! Try not to be cowards and Get R Done!
What's in this secret bill that is going to affect ALL Americans!? You've sold your soul at the expense of the people you serve! Hypocrit!
I think ACA saved more people than it killed. Can you say that about Trumpcare?
Liar!!  #ShowUsTheBill
.@McConnellPress you're one to talk about obstruction! You've obstructed for so long you've forgotten how legislation works! SAD!!!
Mitch, as a republican I find your refusal to share the bill with the people first more reprehensible than anything the democrats do Shame!
#FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews #FakeNews
Man up Mitch. 
You Republicans are making the Democratics LOOK GOOD although we know that they are NOT  THEY ARE Women out frount of men and evil.
What's in your healthcare bill Mitch? We all want to know.
#ShowUsTheBill You decrepit turtle
Actually, they are trying to save the country.   C'mon patriots fight Mitch and his gang who are taking away the ACA! 
Liar! They are trying to find out what is in your f**king bill! Freedom needs light, not darkness! Show America what you are doing Coward!
Despite @McConnellPress trying to hide how awful Trumpcare is, Kentucky voters aren't fooled.
They are trying to stop it they want to see it before they do anything
They are not trying to stop it
If your bill was in anyway an improvement you wouldn't be keeping it a secret.

And also, you are the LAST person to speak about obstruction
Tweeted perfectly!
#ShowUsTheBill
If the @GOP's bill is so much better than Obamacare, why don't you make it public? What are you afraid of?
Your secrecy is an affront to democracy!
You’re too pee-pants scared to show the American people your plans. Maybe work on that before you whine about Democrats.
You are crude. Talk civilly. You can still get your point across.
You control Congress, Mitch. Let's see your TrumpCare bill. No? Scared? Then go sit down in the corner like a good turtle.
GOP obstruction and inaction has pushed Obamacare to the brink. Time for Medicate-for-All!
Lol, Medicate-for-All! Typo or a lol- moment?
Haha. Kinda the same, but, yes, a typo. Only the rich will be able to "medicate" if GOP gets its way.  What happened to this party?
Yes they are. They don't want 23 million to lose insurance. How dare you!
