what "faith" are they talking about. Stealing healthcare from poor sick elderly, food from school kids,meals on wheels? Jesus wept
Nobody actually cares about these two shit stains.
Faith? shame McConnell you're as phony as a 3 dollar bill. You have no Christian values! Hiding behind religion to get your dirty work done.
I do not know how speak faith and freedom when they lie
Hell NO!
As a Christian, I DEMAND that Jewish Socialist Sen Bernie Sanders be forced to RESIGN over his vicious attack on Trump's Christian nominee!
Who cares
Check her cheeks Mitch boy-tRump tapes may be hidden there!
A rather ironic choice, considering how these two lead a battle against the disadvantaged.
They have nerve, no? The unmitigated nerve of these phonies !
Separate church and state.
The US may have been founded as a Judeon/Christian nation, but Jews are behind effort to destroy US sovereignty & promote One-World-Tyranny!
No #thanks !! 
#ClownShow
#CNN
The irony is thick with @SenateMajLdr they have no faith & he's deatroying our freedoms, healthcare & Medicaid. Plus he's in on #TrumpRussia
McConnell how must it feel to push thru Trumpcare & watch 23M lose HC. What would Jesus do? Give  rich more tax breaks? #fakechristians
Neither one of them believes in faith or freedom. McConnell is a disgrace to the senate. There are no words to describe Conway.
What a crock!
I'm sorry.  Were Captain and Tennile booked?
hmmm....
so JESUS wasn't invited
Jesus wouldn't really fit in with that crowd #fakeChristians
No kidding. That's the truh
A known adulteress is speaking at a Faith coalition????? Outrageous.
McConnell has sold his soul... Clear evidence of the corrupt tolerating the corrupt for finanical gain and country ruin.
I'll take "Things McConnell wants to take away from us" for $1000 Alex !
Um. Everything that you love
That's rich- two ppl so far removed from anything Christian-out of touch much?  Delusional!
Mutually exclusive
Now there's an oxymoron.
That is just obscene
Faith & Freedom Coalition?! What total bullshit. More like religious assholes & nutcase coalition. 
@realDonaldTrump nice to see Col Peckerhead and the Skankcrow getting out of the office and their Russian lessons.
If Faith and Freedom code for White and bigot?
Not without my barf bag
No thanks. Sounds like it will be good fiction though.
Faith in what?
This is a joke right.  Two of the poorest examples of Christians there are. Jesus would not be happy with how they treat others. Amen.
Why?
Both liars frauds and non-Christian more like the devils gathering.
They are all for the freedom to agree with them not so much for the freedom to think differently
Strong hypocrites!
Mitch needs 2 retire...He has tried 2 do damage to Americans for the past 11 years!
In stet of speaking we the American ppl are worried about our freedom and have lost all faith in the GOP
Hypocrites both of them.
Get yer guns folks!!!
Keep God out of this
Gagging
Just what Jesus needs more liars and thieves in his fold. Give them sheets and weapons and you have  2 more KKK Christians
sorry to hear about that
Gross
What a bunch of hooey
How did those 2 get there, faithful they are not..
"Faith & Freedom", America's biggest oxymoron, especially due to insane Christians.
Are they going to talk about lies and deceit and brotherly love?  
WOW, both are poor excuses for being Americans. McConnell is a narrow minded Republican and Conway is a WH liar, along with Huckabee-Sanders
Propaganda meets Propaganda, Pass.
I'd rather watch someone who is a real person of faith not someone who fakes it & uses it to further their own agenda. #FakeChristians
Hypocrites
Lol the alternative senator and the evil Barbie! He's a criminal she's a hypocrite and liar
Freedom2lie faith in falsehoodWHis getting expert in both who cares if US exposed2ridicule
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
conservatives favorite punch line Patriotism , bible,  Family Values. back in office same ole nonsense, country going down in flames
No thanks.  Ugh.
@SenateMajLdr @KellyannePolls interesting these two #ConservativeChristianHypocrites are speaking at a Faith conference Holy ! Burn in hell
OMG those two at a coalition like that that's almost funny
What a phony do g snd pony show.
Proof these religions are fake and have no credibility. Disgusting.
Shameless ! There's not other word to describe these two.
I prefer waterboarding to that show.
Ha....Are you joking? Why the hell would we what to watch these 2 bullshitters
These hypocrites loves those Evangelicals
Losers
No thanks. I have no faith in those people and would rather exercise my freedom by ignoring their BS.
Faith and freedom lol
More lies
Neither can talk about faith and freedom when they are owned by Rudkies
oooh... kukla fran.. where's Ollie?
Same place as Trump... must be the only place where they can give speeches, no one else wants to see or hear them
watch out there's a turtle on your back
Lordy! Save us.
@SenateMajLdr you better lead group prayer 4 your @POTUS and USA. I'm sure God will intervene & remove jerk! God works in wondrous ways!
as the #Pussygrabbers steal our #Healthcare #SaveMedicaid secret meeting to pass #TrumpDoesNotCare
Hope be gets booed!
Not even if my life depended on it!
Kellyanne better be careful. Someone might bring a microwave camera !!!!  Hahahahaha !!!!
Seriously??? Ha ha ha
"Alternative Facts Lady "  Speaking to Christians ?  lmao
Watch a human turtle speak!  Come one come all!  Side show the incredible lying woman!
I'd rather eat glass
We should have freedom from their hateful interpretation of religion. Separation of religion and state.
Mitch you are a TRAITOR the Constitution prohibits mixing government and fucking religion
Gross
No thanks! Can't stand both McConnell and Conway, big time liars.
He left his hood home
hypocrits
Oh boy 
Why ? You want spoil the mood ?
We need a thumbs down button.
Hey, give them a break!  They're just praying they don't lose faith in Trump (trust is gone), & no freedoms are lost during his presidency.
Of course they are! Finally got those supporters to leave their trailer parks
Hahahaha
FAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWSFAKE NEWS@NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @cnnbrk @WhiteHouse @seanhannity
Lairs devoted Christian's ? They are just bigot's racist using their "faith" as an excuse to be bigot's racist. Hypocrites
No thank you. I have better things to do.
faith and freedom something neither one of these people have much awareness of
The two words are not synonymous
The audience applause is so weak I think the communion wafers are laced with Valium
Wow! So impressed!  What a line-up!! (Sarcastic font!)
 How to beat down and shut up and enslave and take away Rights from Americans who don't have YOUR beliefs.FORCE your will on others.
2 " BIGLY hypocrites"
The Republican “health care” bill is a disaster. It has nothing to do with health care and everything to do with tax breaks for the wealthy.
That Turkey-Neck McGobble has a look of sheer terror in his eyes during this while address. Sad.
The word of God says where there is confusion and strife there is evil! WH is drowning in confusion and strife!
Who cares Conway who's desperate for coverage & McConnell who is a moron
Umm.. no thanks! Good mental health requires actively avoiding toxicity of the soul!
Watch out for the lightening!!!
No faith in either of them to protect our freedom!
2 really good liars together
These two need to retire. McConnell is part of the Republican old guard that set the stage for a lunatic as president.
#FakeFaith #AlternativeFaith
"He without sin cast the first stone"
It that is not an oxymoron.
Religion with nothing but political overtones! Such saintly persons so degraded & corrupt who don't know that the country is falling apart!
#BanKellyanneLiarForHire
did you saw faith & freedom ? you have really got to be pulling my leg on this one... any two but them.. OMG... 
No thanks!
God help us, what a trio of liars. trump, mc'connell, and conway. What "leadership" this country has right now! Unbelievable!!!!
Having had trump speak their is like sending Satan to do Gods work. He is not a Christian and never will be, but just keep praying to trump
Hope there is enough enosis basins to go around
Barf.
No thanks. I'd rather listen to a dentist drill for an hour than their serpenty tongues. "Faith and freedom"..
"Christianity" is something you live in word & deed. It is not hate, lies, deception & greed. Conway & McConnell r not credible or Christian
2 more liars
If I were bulimic, I'd watch. Nothing nor nauseating that ConJob & Turtleneck.
Comey tapes was bait He knew Comey was a back stabber and a leaker He is a coward and a truth bender
So happy I'm not there to hear the lies & propaganda. These folks are way out of touch with truth, justice & American way! (Superman motto)!
Blah, blah, blah ...
Our country will be a much better place when more people of color & women are in positions of power. (not people like Turtle face & Conjob)
If they ever come up with a Freedom from Faith Coalition, let me know. I'd like to support them.
I have faith they both will be gone soon and  will be free
An organization solely devoted to the freedom of their own faith. If you have your own faith that you follow you are out of luck.
Who cares!
what hypocrisy to call themselves the faith & freedom coalition when what they R truly about is taking away religious freedom from others
Self sanctimonious you know what’s.
Jesus don't like ugly, I think all the GOP and their followers forgot that....
OMG! 
Conway must be the comic relief, Mitch is just there to stumble around the facts.
Thus it is proven that God is no where near this organization
Bullshit with the Faith and Freedom. There are other people in this country.
Nope, faith is not a part of my freedom.
Mr McConnell only has  faith in securing his own freedoms.
Gag 
Have faith that we will be rid of #GOP, @SenateMajLdr & @KellyannePolls sooner rather than later with #freedom to move on from #Trumpgate
#notheocracy
This conference which they called faith is encouraging Nazis and white supremacist marching in three cities . Trump bigotry and racism#shows
What a joke..a bad joke..
Next stop:  Westboro Baptist Rally
Why bothers, they both lie or speak alternate facts. They should swear on bible before speaking
How ironic.
A positive cornucopia of cunts!
So insulting.
The whole entire room should burst into flames with all these fake Christians.
Oh man @BernieSanders must be getting triggered.
I would. But I need to scoop the litter box.

What a joke.
@KellyannePolls @SenateMajLdr  Jesus, watching this shit would be enough for an atheist to find God just to ask him why he has forsaken us.
Hypocrisy live on display. Utter nonsense.
Now why would I waste my time watching these 2 freaking idiots.Their destroying freedom & don't know anything about faith. Their deplorable
I just can't do it, after watching 45 schmooze the rubes/evangelicals, I just might harm myself if I saw Kellyanne &McConnell work thecrowd.
I'd rather saw off my arm than watch these two anywhere.
McConnell is even less coherent than McCain.
Opportunists of the highest order.
No thank you.
Turtle boy sez: "And thus Jesus told me to take away health care for millions and watch them suffer whilst suckling the Trump/Russia teat"
Shouldn't that say "Hypocrisy and Bullsh@t"? @SenateMajLdr
The fact that KA and Mitch don't burst into flames is proof that the faith & freedom coalition is a fake christian organization.
GOP a disgrace to Christianity.
Zero fucks the @KellyannePolls struggle for relevance continues!
http://strangworlds.com/trump-family-gallery …
