Not according to Don. Jr.
That country that Obama got to wire tap trump. Our friends and ally.  #russiagate DO YOUR JOB independent investigation
Senator, please get Nunes off investigation!!!
the Brits don't want your sympathy they want you to do your job and impeach 45
Yeah! You right on the( Stand Bye ) part. Stand bye while innocenses get killed. F--k P.C. Go Bomb the S.O.B.s.
holy shite Granpappy Turtle you actually out classed @realDonaldTrump with this. So glad you upped your meds!
maybe you should remind your pal DT about that.
We love you UK, now pay for your defense, dammit! You are another snake-oil salesman, little Mitch
shit HOW OLD IS YOUR WIFE WHERE IS HER VISA
Ha!  That's not what Donny Junior indicated.
: then maybe you should tell @DonaldJTrumpJr not to attack the mayor of #London. #LondonStrong #WeAreNotAfraid #WeAreLondon
@McConnellPress Senator learn from their mistakes-stop immigration from Muslim countries. We can't vet-so avoid regret!
why weren't these words spoken yesterday?  Day late...dollar short.  Behind the curve.....again.  Disappointed
YOUR President is trying to lose the UK by his arrogance & ignorance AND U LET HIM get away with it. Prayers to the UK.
not according to Trumps tweets.
Show us TRUMPS RUSSIAN INCOME TAX RETURNS you troll
If islam is a great religion, where R d Christians in Egypt, Lebanon, Syria, Iraq &Turkey? PM May is disgusting! #londonattack
Dump Trump
Mitch no one cares what you think, try doing your job
@McConnellPress We are KENTUCKY!!
You are complicit w/RU agenda. You are a traitor.
@McConnellPress just realize he was from the UK, not a travel ban country #NoBanNoWall
would have sounded more sincere if Trump hadn't accused them of working with Obama to spy on him.  Empty words w/o apology...
You might want to tell your leader & his idiot son.
how about a face Be a leader, have courage. Pry your soul from koch bros
terrible they are having the same homegrown terrorist problem as we. Trumps attempts to say immigrants are the problem is sad
The people of London might have believed this if it had not come from you.
because you did not stop trump u share the responsibility of his treason. We will hold u and all who support him responsible!
what about Wisconsin? 4 dead. Crickets.
u stand with the traitor trump who is ignorant and will bring only more  chaos to the world. U are part of the problem
How about a word for the innocent man killed by American white supremacist in NY? Crickets.
Do you and your wife @SecElaineChao stand with @Potus bc y'all are NOT acting like it.
You better go nuclear and get Judge Gorsuch confirmed !!
If true, you wouldn't be backing people who threaten the world. Like TRUMP. Spare us your platitudes, turtle. @GOP #IMPEACH
Mitch you stand for nothing....and given the accusations against the UK about wiretapping from your master, this rings hollow
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
1) he was born In London
Then why are you allowing such trash into America and not protecting our people? Just like with Sanctuary Cities !!!
A day late...and while you and your ilk fvck over the American people. 
Nice sentiment...you should try it with the American people too.
I can't believe ur title is "leader" when ur anything but a leader. U lie to the American people, Y would the UK believe you?
You might want to speak with Trump Jr.  He's name and comments represent the US.
("When we aren't blaming you for tapping our phones because our president is fucking insane.")
You're protecting a Russian puppet
