.@SenateMajLdr: #TaxReform is about getting America going again and growing again. Providing jobs and opportunity here rather than overseas. 
The white male walk of shame.
Well, if you hadn't obstructed @POTUS44 so deliberately, our economy would be stronger but man, he turned things around, didn't he?
@SenateGOP's staggering incompetence on full display in Puerto Rico, CHIP, healthcare sabotage, @StateDept. Tax cut for Trump?
@POTUS told a whopper of a lie when he said that the new Republican tax-reform plan “is not good for me.” Here’s the breakdown. #TaxReform @NewYorker
Tax cuts should be the same for everyone
Yes but there not. Mine will increase 10%.  GOP are liars.
....if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor...?!?!  They all are liars
Yea but the GOP is lying to take food outta 30% of Americans mouths, cutting programs for seniors & children so ppl like Trump can have more
R u really that ignorant CC?
But that's not what you're doing. Tax cuts for the wealthy aren't the same as tax reform. This is a handout for those who don't need it
u have no clue about this at all not ricky
Slow and steady wins the race though right turtle man? So start slow when giving the wealthiest people tax breaks
You guys can't get anything done, all that obstruction has made you obstructed. You just can't move anything.
As of 2016. List of McConnell's biggest donors http://www.courier-journal.com/story/news/politics/mitch-mcconnell/2016/10/24/updated-list-mcconnells-biggest-donors/92667300/ …
It looks like removing birth control access is the thing you're doing today. #HandsOffMyBC
Pease Scream and Holler what is the “Right Track”. Is it a call for the “McConnell Bubble”, the bubble to drain the Middles Assets?
Please define, or no one should listen, just toss.
How do U look @ yourself in the mirror knowing U R lying 2 “We The People” every day. If tax reform was answer would have been done long ago
fuck you
it would be great to see the Senate finally do something after their great failure twice on Obamacare.
Sure give them a BIG tax break, they'll put it in their pocket and taker their business overseas anyway.  Care to wager on that?
So, low unemployment, high stock market, record profits over 6 years...what's wrong with the economy? Rich not rich enough for your taste?
#NoMorePain with #GunControlNow
Your "tax reform" will cut Medicare and Medicaid from millions so your rich friends and lobbiests will make more $$$
#notonepenney
Funny, I think that impeaching Trump would work better
#NotOnePenny
Mitch, how can ANY sane policy come Congress when a MENTALLY ill POTUS smirks & teases & giggles about BOMBING NUCLEAR POWERS! Do YOUR DUTY!
No! The single most important thing you and @SpeakerRyan can do is stand up for the people against @realDonaldTrump
“this is a deal where most of the benefits go to the wealthy and large corporations.” @GOP lies. #TaxReform @Washingtonpost
How about not using Social Security or Medicare taxes we pay JUST FOR THEM, in your calculations? One way to shore up AS quit using as gf $.
@SenateGOP #TrumpTaxScam
#MitchMcConnell #SenateMajorityLeader: 
I DON’T TRUST YOU!!
And I’ve not trusted you nor liked since 1989. HOW do you get re-elected? So much poverty in your state & yet YOU have done NOTHING ever to rectify that. Time for you & your fuckugly chins to go. Have some salt old man, you & @realDonaldTrump
GOP plan does nothing for jobs, harms families & individuals & benefits only the rich. #FactFreeGOP  #GOPLies #GOPTaxIncrease
No, cutting gov’t waste is the single most important thing we can do!!!
Ah, yes, steal from the poor and middle-class while giving MORE to you, Trump, and the Koch Bros.
Our economy won’t matter if everyone is DEAD. #GunControlNow #ComprehensiveGunControlNow
Ya well get it done then.. You jokers lied about obo care for 7 years already. Get behind OUR PRESIDENT! Dammit ! NOT NOT IN FRONT OF HIM !
Really? Not pass sensible gun laws? Sandy Hook Las Vegas? Not help the people of Puerto Rico? You’re not a leader.

So you’re donating all the money given to you by lobbyists to Puerto Rico?Please send us a picture of the check.
Economy is doing fine.
Lies!!! #MedicaidMatters and the uber rich don't need tax breaks: regular s do! Btw.....@gop failed kids by letting #CHIP expire 9/30/17
@SenateGOP Best thing you can do to get the country on track is for you and your buddies to take your own lives #TaxReform
The single most important thing is to make these country that owe the American people,  is to grow up   They can start with a payment plan
No. #TermLimits for crooked Congressmen
2753 days trying to fix healthcare with nothing but failure the GOP now thinks they can fix taxes in <3 months using Reagonomics
.@SpeakerRyan @GOP-For $s yes, BUT most important-URGENT is clean DACA, bipart Alex-Murray ACA FIX, & CHIP? All needed ASAP! People hurting.
Sir--U need 2 STOP ur witch Hunt of Pres Trump AND Pay the bills 4 the investigation urself! Cancel this WITCH HUNT while u still have a job
Gee, I thought it was Health Care.
you can't repeal ACA how are you going to get this done?
This isn't tax reform. GOP plan will hurt most taxpayers. Not buying into GOP lies.
For the top 1%. Go back to the drawing board and keep the trumps and the coke brothers out of the equation
So does that mean economy stinks now?  Can't have it both ways.  You're only stealing from the poor to line the pockets of the rich. #thief
550 people, their families & 90% of America thinks the single most important thing is to change the accessories ppl can buy for their guns.
I just paid taxes out of my paycheck. It's too soon to talk about tax reform
Quit stealing our money! It is not yours to take Criminals you all are criminals! I have paid into those programs for 60 years! Give me my $
@SenateGOP nope!
jr. tRump thinks the economy is more important than protecting Americans
Fire McCain, murkowski, Susan Collins and sasse. All idiots and obstructionists!
Since you F’d up repealing Obamacare I guess this would be #2
So pass it!
"Job creators" should pay the same tax rates as workers on the same income. @GOP #TaxReform pass-thru/corporate scam cuts taxes on hedge funds, lawyers, #Trump. Use our taxes to invest in #Education #Research #Infrastructure so we can all be job creators
Back on track???                            When did it get off the right track
And the second most important is changing our healthcare system.
The single most important thing we could do is EMPTY THE SENATE and get rid of FILIBUSTER #draintheswamp
Nope.
Koch Brothers are behind this. That's why the GOP is backing it so strongly. They stand to make $$$$

Can you say campaign finance reform???
Giving huge tax cuts to the rich is no way to lead or govern. You're not doing either. You seem to have no problem lying to get what U want.
#itsaboutscrewingthemiddleclass
Go ahead, keep spewing!
Tax breaks for the rich, we all know the plan
#TaxReform? No! More like tax giveaway to the 1%, corporations and #Trump. Plus a huge deficit. Not now! Not ever!
You haven't done a goddamned thing in 8 years for anyone other than yourself. Why change now?  No one trusts you anymore.
You're helping your wealthy friends who donate to your campaigns. Also helping the NRA with this tax reform bill as well.
If you do it the right way that will actually help the middle class and the poor yes. But that IS NOT what you are doing.
Drinking that Kool Aid again huh loser?
I'll put money on you failing to deliver this....
POTUS thinks repeal n replace is still #1.
Can’t wait to all. good little republicans find out how screwed they are by you gigantic tax cut for the rich and corporations
Our economy is doing great
No, spending cuts including entitlements are the most important
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!
The economy is doing fine.
@SenateGOP Stop calling it tax reform Mitch, you and I know it's simply a HUGE TAX CUT for the richest americans!
#DitchMitch time to ditch all our do-nothing politicians who sit back and collect a huge salary, health benefits, and pension for NOTHING!!!
companies who outsourced 4 cheaper wages including Trump & family have enough money 2 have brought their companies back long ago  #STILLWONT
What did you guys do to the economy to knock it off track? Things were progressing nicely up until now!
By “our” he means politicians who need to pass tax reform to restart the flow of campaign contributions from the Koch Brothers.
You’re a LIAR, nobody ever believes anything you say. You want to give the Billionaires a huge tax break and put the tax burden on the poor.
@SenateGOP The economy is fine. The GOP is what needs to get on the right track. Useless, toothless, Trump-enablers.
 toothless as a 
#TaxReform is the biggest lie the Republican Congress is trying to sell us. I jerk myself off I don’t need you to do it for me
Trump says the economy is great.
Voting Republicans out of Office is the single most important thing we can do today to get the economy on the right track.
Trump today mentioned stock market at all time highs, unemployment down. So what do you mean "Get our economy back on track? Derail it?
"Back"? How far "back" are we talking? Back to your unfinished freefall? Back to saving the world with a $600 check per family? #TaxReform
Tax cuts for the rich do nothing for the rest of us. But that's your plan, isn't it, Mitch. #GOPLies #LegislativeMalpractice
make it happen and you are the man. if not you maybe odd man out
Let's give our taxes to the rich make the middle-class pay for it then blame the poor bc of budget which favors a bloated military greed
Then do it! No vacations, cut your salaries too. Cut your lifetime pay. You go on obamacare! Do your job and what you promised.
Try SPENDING REFORM 
End the waste of 100s of BILLIONS annually on welfare,etc. for aliens without harming honest CITIZENS 
you mean pay back your rich donors for their campaign donations. this tax bill stinks
Na
Mitch, as a child did you dream of becoming the worst human adult to exist in your space and time?  If so, congrats.  Nailed it.
So, for the last 7+ years, the GOP legislature has had our economy off of the tracks, and did NOTHING?  Now, you benefit the rich?  #SICK

@POTUS says it is on the right track... Which one of you is lying?
It is SHAMEFUL!
Yup...and let's see how that's going so far.  GOP pushback of state taxes and estate taxes. HMMM kinda sounds familiar to ACA reform success
No cutting spending is the best thing you can do. Need for less money stolen from Americans will follow RINO
True, but your plan won’t do that. You already know that. You can’t stop suckling at the Koch Brothers teat, so you do as you’re paid.
Giving the middle class a win would be a great start. What you guys are doing isn’t it. The rich don’t need to get richer.
Tax cuts for the rich it’s all you know
No the single most important thing you could do to help the economy and America in general would be to #LegalizeMarijuana
I just had taxes taken out of my paycheck. It's too soon to discuss tax reform.
You really should be embarrassed.  So few retweets of of your messages.  What's the matter, your constituents + lobbyists R not supportive?
@SenateGOP The single most important thing career lawmakers could do! Step aside & let those with vision lead. Panderer
Quit yapping about this Mitch and get this passed, can you reign in Collins, McCain and Murkowski?  If not, step down.... @marklevinshow

Mitch do you remember your efforts for Healthcare? American don't believe you. Your a crook, greedy and dishonest. Talk with @SecElaineChao

We are not stupid you are cutting Medicare and Medicaid and further undermining the ACA and screwing the middle class
Last time Republicans cut taxes for the rich and called it "reform," American workers got stuck with the red bar below. #TrickleDownDisaster
What? Actual data?! Unheard of!
Getting Trump out of the white house is the single most important thing we can do today.
You've had 8 YEARS to come up with these better plans. Is this all you got? Because it sucks for most of us.
Cutting Medicare & Medicaid trills the DEATH SQUADRON, doesn't it, Comrade?!!!
ACTUALLY, the single most important thing we can do today to get our #Country back on the right track is to #ImpeachTrump and get rid of you
#TaxReform is the single most important thing we can do today to throw our #economy back into a recession. We're here to help rich people.
I hope I get trickled down upon. 
Last time you said it was healthcare! Now tax reform! What's next? Instead of another partisan epic fail, listen to McCain,use regular order
Like how you, G. W. Bush and the GOP trashed our economy in the 2000's.  Exactly why do people trust you? #TaxReform
Changing the rules so your donors get taxcuts Shelton Alderson is crying over more money
Just be a leader. That’s all we ask.
We are near full employment and the stock market is at a record high. So it's important to give tax breaks to the rich.
Got to GET that money out of middle class hands and give to the wealthy! Just can't wait any longer!
You're a real lying SOB with NO heart!
@realDonaldTrump is boasting about the Stock Market while you bemoan our economy.
At least get your #lies straight, liar.
My investment portfolio is already “on the right track.” I’m all for responsible tax reform, but the GOP plan isn’t it.
Everyone of you is an embarrassment
#ImpeachTrump is the single most important thing that we can do today to save our Democracy and get USA back on the right track @SpeakerRyan
Your plan of getting as much GOP agenda thru before the Malignant Narcissist implodes is a threat to our Country!!  SHAMEFUL! #ImpeachTrump
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain How can u do this to us? We deserve better from @GOP we want a fit leader not one who tweets Nuclear threats
@NancyPelosi @SenSchumer Americans want U2 work together, end this madness & make tax/healthcare/diplomacy work 2 keep nation safe & sound.
... SINGLE MOST IMPORTANT FOR YOUR WEALTHY DONORS

#WEALTHCARE
Getting your rich donors more rich is what is going to happen here Mitch
That is what Trump tweeted yesterday.  So which is it?
#ShowUsHisTaxes
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
How when the billionaire get to save billions with this shit you want to past resign already damn
Yeah right. Like you did healthcare.
In Orange County Calif, Business owners must pay additional tax (EVERY YEAR) on everything already in use. EVERY YEAR same equipment. CRAZY!
Trust me w your money I'm totally not gonna screw you over
How about you tell us how you going to pay for all these tax cuts!
Enjoying that #NRA BLOOD MONEY?
Thought T said the Econ
Was booming because of him?
Nope, the single most important thing is to get rid of all republicans who are the largest terrorist group in Amer.
Most important to your donors.  Economist review: Assessing Donald Trump’s plans for tax reform
You have got to stop lying to us.
You told Donald about your options and stocks in Vulcan contraction?
Does he know you plan to make a billion from infrastructure contracts?
Deficit hawks only until you transfer our wealth to the ultra rich...and yourselves. Deplorable.
Are you really this tone deaf? Our economy is on track; too much, maybe. Many more important things lawmakers could be doing today.
And quite a lucrative reform it is FOR THE WEALTHY!
The most important thing we can do today is to have you and Trump removed from office. Your immoral plans and actions destroy this nation.
Support President Trump. At this point Trump is THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN TAKE CREDIT FOR THE SURGE IN OUR ECONOMY 
#BECAUSETRUMPISAMORON
GET IT DONE, MITCH!

N-O-W
The most important thing you can do regarding taxes is to pass the #FairTax
#TaxReform should UNLEASH the economy to fire on all cylinders. #FAIRtax does that & more.  http://bit.ly/28YEQhT 
@realDonaldTrump 
@VP 
Trump choking on a Big Mac and dropping dead is the single most important thing to get our country back on the right track. The you.
No keeping healthcare and not killing us or starting a war is No 1. 
Trickleup has never worked. You are a liar.
Yes!
I am confused Trump says we are on the right track now. Oh wait we need to give tax breaks to the extremely wealthy. Sorry forgot.
The McConnell version of tax reform. The rich get richer and the poor get poorer.#taxreform
Also, this bill hides major cuts to Medicare in the fine print. Takes money AND Healthcare from middle class!
Only yours doesn't !  Money to the wealthiest doesn't go back into economy - middle income tax lowering does and yours doesn't help mid does
Our economy is and was on track thanks to MR. Obama's leadership, you racist fuckwit!
you couldn't pass healthcare what makes you think you will pass tax reform
If it is so important why did you not put more work on it to get it right!?!
Hasn't the president been saying for the last couple of months how great the economy is? Healthcare is the biggest challenge. Priorities
Health care is a hidden part of this "tax" bill. Huge cuts in Medicare! They are Lazer focused and on taking health care away!
And these tax cuts would create a bigger deficit and we're do you think republicans would want to cut to help balance the budget ..
Nope gun control should be your focus but then  the nra owns you so thats not happening
I’ll decode: “ The most important thing we can do today is to repay our donors for all of the contributions they made to the GOP” Mitch
