How are you possibly this cruel? Even if Obamacare is not perfect, it doesn't justify 32 million losing coverage under your twisted plan.
1/ Notice that whenever you talk about ACA, it's vague phrases like "broken promises". You avoid hard numbers because they show just how...
2/ Terrible the plans you back are. Quit pretending you want to "fix" healthcare. You just want to repeal ACA b/c Obama created it.
Drag him!!!! You're dragging him down Pennsylvania Ave across the WH lawn! And God knows the State of KY that he reps needs Healthcare most!
Well, quite frankly you seem to need a certain type of Healthcare more. REPEAL OBAMACARE OR SHUT UP
Yikes.
Not sure why you have to stop all attempts at decency just because it's twitter. Shouldn't be too hard to just discuss ideas lol...
Not literally, figuratively...obviously! Drag him means make him hear what your saying. It's a colloquialism.
What does the first "A" in ACA stand for anyone know.
So your answer is reducing access & raising costs? Serious question: WTF is wrong with the #GOP that they're unwilling to care for the sick?
Money! Can't pocket the cash if they are spending it on you. Mitch is a millionaire married to another millionaire, they don't care about us
You need to get McCain on board -he did not win election to be obstructionist-
No kidding! Why aren't you correcting this criminal act? Why did you & john McCain make sure we are still suffering under it?
Sir - obviously you're ignoring the millions of people who are now covered - there are some good things from the ACA - why not fix it?
What's it like to have nothing but lies come out of your mouth?
I'm conservative,I don't want repealed. Let Obamacare fall on its face,when people lose coverage they will hate Dems for passing flawed law
American people,especially in RED states have suffered grievously under the sabotage of the republican modeled health care passed by dems
we have suffered under your leadership, that is, your obstructions to forward facing Democrats. your the problem, not the Dems
VOTE YES Graham/Cassidy!  STOP Dem plan 100% TAXPAYER PAID health ins for all! VA/Medicare Ins has lots & lots problems-lots denied care!!
No, Americans are floundering bc this administration is a bunch of greedy, ego inflated good ole boys.
Collapsing markets due in large part to Republican efforts to undermine ACA.  Voting w/ no CBO score a dereliction of duty.  #CassidyGraham
So, why didn't you change it?  You had many years to develop an appropriate response, yet you couldn't manage repeal/replace?  Republicant's

These are historical times McConnell. You will be in History Books. Choose and Act wisely. History will not be kind to you if you do not.
More Americans are insured under OBAMACARE then at any other time in history. The GrahamCassidyMcConnell Prop will uninsure 30MILL Americans
Doesnt anyone remember what health ins cost before ACA? Unaffordable. Health costs lead to bankruptcy for many. Those times will return.


Because you, Mitch, made it that way.
make Dems defend Ocare-they passed it
The american people have suffered a lot under repubs, one recession after another voter suppression white supremacy (Charlottesville).
HOW ABOUT LISTENING TO AMERICANS YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE!
Don't talk about it be about it ya bum
YOU ARE A LIAR and Jesus would not permit this.

Your repeal does not fix anything. It will be a disaster. It makes Obamacare look good. (and you know it).
Stop lying, you old fool.
Cost (of insurance)  has gone up every year that I've been alive. 10-20-30 percent, each before Obamacare. It still will under GOP plan.
I had to change doctors 8 times in 10 years before Obamacare. I had no choice. That's the way insurance companies work. It's their choice.
So has your promise to Repeal & Replace #ByeMitch and take @realDonaldTrump with you
So get Ind/Dems/Rep in a room & TOGETHER fix what exists. Stop putting party ahead of PEOPLE. LEAVE EGOS AT THE DOOR! I believe in all of U
Then step up your game and do something about it you're all talk and never stopped Obama once you're a never Trumper and he's my president
LIAR. Fix the problems, it is a good health care if you stop trying to destroy it!
You're such a liar. McConnell Care will take insurance from MILLIONS, and there will be great suffering. This will destroy the GOP.
ObamaCare through reconciliation ABSOLUTELY and @RandPaul best be an adult in the room instead of needing his pacifier if can't get his way.
Give it up, McConnell staffers! He is all about fear as a way to win.
No they have not
As a breast cancer survivor, seriously? My premium surcharge will be $28,000+ under your terrible #grahamcassidyno
Turtle,  your:bill makes it worse and you know it
LYIN' MITCH  YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED!  TRYING TO SNEAK IT THOUGH WITH NO DEBATE.

SHAME, SHAME, SHAME
Hey, you're a liar.
I do not believe you.
well get the job done...
They will suffer even more under this new bill.  Of course there will be less suffering because some will just die off.  LAME
.When you are at the pearly gates they will be locked with a sign that says join the Kochs in hell. Fix ACA and they might let you in.
You are so out of touch.  You don't care about Americans.  You're just trying to keep your promises to insurance and pharma lobbyists.
just by saying it OVER and OVER does not make it true.  stop lying.
NO they have NOT suffered! Stop lying to the American people! History will NOT be kind to you Mitch. You are a disgusting LIAR!
McConnell: "Let's see, Obamacare is bad but how to fix it....how to fix it.....I've got it! Let's make it worse!"
Kill it or let it die!
I'm conservative and have watched the GOP destroy what worked for #ACA. You just want Koch $ & will destroy US to get ur fix!
Quit lying to the American people!
All you have to do is craft a logical bill that addresses and fixes the challenge. You've had time. Quit tweeting and start legislating.
.@SenSchumer .@USRepKCastor .@SenBillNelson BAse your vote on reality for Americans.  Not on a Jimmy Kimmel bit. Novel thought to you, eh?
YOU LIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #KarenRebels @karenhunter
Please include governors and consider all options before voting. Don't rush this!!!!
Let's get rid of the clog in the drain in the senate and get something done about this while you still have a Republican majority.
Put a sock in it..no one believes ANYTHING you say.. #timetoretire #gohome
How you got voted into office makes me wonder about the voting public in SC. Hope they will be happy when you screw them out of Heath care.
That is because it has bad ideas from REPUBLICANS in it and has suffered from REPUBLICAN sabotage since day one thanks to their Koch masters
So just take it away and let people die.  That's soooooo much better.
This is McConnell PUSHING LIES the people saw through the last time McConnell
all thanks to you and the republican party for not supporting it.  Why do you hate the American people so?
@SenateMajLdr then CHANGE it through bipartisan work. Repeal is NOT the answer. Oppose #GrahamCassidy.
Yes it must change, stop trying to repeal it
Then fix it! #NORepeal
I know, it's single payer time, but too bad your corporate overlords want something else.
Do you even listen to your constituents?  Probably not because you like your job.
Vote against Graham/Cassidy
Do you ever listen? We the people want the ACA fixed. Congress should have to use the same healthcare as the people. Fix it or RETIRE
@McConnellPress pretty sure that's why we gave you the house Senate and presidency you do nothing fraud.
You guys really like the word #rocket
So you are trying to make it worse? What kind of solution is that? Who is the target for this solution?  Thanks for nothing . . . again.
If you have to lie & exaggerate to make Obamacare look bad & Trumpcare look good, the bill is bad news 4 US.
Any Republican that votes for this plan can just plan on resigning, or be voted out office! Seriously,work on a great plan that works for US
If you really want to repeal Obamacare you could have done it eight months ago. FYI we are watching what you do not what you say.
Broken promises? As in the ones you made to your high dollar donors? #FollowTheMoney #SaveTheACA #KillTheBill
The greatest suffering has been trying to survive a GOP run Congress. You and your buddies are embarrassing.
Total horse-shit that flies in the face of published reports.  Who's paying you off McConnell?  What makes your #Corruption worth it?

Those problems are due to your groups attemtp to sabotage it.

So where hv u been 4 last 8 yrs? Why didn't u get dingbat McCain on the rt side of the aisle the last go round? Why r u still major ldr?
IF ONLY ALL STATE GOVERNORS CARED LIKE GOV KASICH BUT THEY DON'T DESPICABLE plan taking away protection for preexisting & Lower Middle Class
it the truth he lie so must micth yes obama die no more of it by by by and hillary to all leftside to mexico yes and africa to isis to  by
Everything you spout is garbage, Because you just couldn’t stand anything that black man did
I'm your constituent. You do not vote my interests. You're a liar. Wish Grimes had won

Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
Time again to replace the ACA! No more excuses!
Too bad that the American people don't have any say in our healthcare. Trumpcare is draconian. It will sink GOP in 2018
You've only been saying this for seven years
As someone w Obamacare protections for preexisting conditions, please do not do this.
@gop #republicans lie: Jimmy Kimmel says Sen. Bill Cassidy lied to his face over #Obamacare repeal http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/jimmy-kimmel-bill-cassidy-obamacare-repeal_us_59c1d627e4b0186c2206bc2c?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol
tRump yearns to be a mass murderer...
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @VP @POTUS @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski
Then fix it Giving More to Those With More Than Enough and only misery & cruelty to Those Without Enough will NOT fix our #healthcare #TWMTE
You need to point out ACTUAL PEOPLE who can show they've been hurt under "Obamacare". Because EVERYONE I know has benefited from it.
Your definition of suffering defies logic.  People who have health insurance have dignity.  How does your bill provide better care?
Replacing with the current plan would be going backwards.  Do NOT replace with something worse.
How?! We have been over this! Don't steal our healthcare! Can I have the healthcare you get that taxes pay for?
Oh shut up w your BS, you want a win and don't give a damn what you are doing to US! U r killing people!
REPEAL! Better off before Obamacare.
You need to retire.  You're a liar and a phony
Asshat alert. Rich, lying, self interest protecting white man who has never been without cushy government benefits wants to take ours away!
you must get it done , even without the dems
#HealthCare is a #HumanRight. #MedicareForAll is the least expensive solution. You're #BlindedByTheRight. Drop the ideology and work for US.
So what's your plan to lower cost and increase choice that DOESN'T leave 25 million Americans in a lurch?
Not if you'd quit fighting the changes that would help it! You really really hate Obama don't you?!? Americans deserve Good healthcare!
You failed to mention @GOP #sabotage!
The only reason ACA is collapsing, is @GOP sabotage. Can't wait to pay for no coverage at all.  BTW, Americans have suffered under GOP rule.
By suffer, do you mean received healthcare?  Stop with the lies.  #PeopleOverProfits
Your unrelenting hypocrisy is shameful, & will not stand, Sir. The #ACA will continue to be beneficial & often lifesaving for all Americans.
Stop repeating that self serving drivel, you fucking saboteur.
Under ACA uninsured rate went from 17% to under 9% for the first time ever! YOU & that coward @SpeakerRyan  are collapsing the markets!
American people will suffer more & lose their lives with your moronic plan. 
You will only lose your job. #FixACA
Hmmm I could pay my healthcare under Obamacare ...can't say the same now ... ins co's have more permission to bend us over
..as I said, I can send you my insurance premium bell then--since it appears u want to deny me healthcare....
How can you pin that on Obama when you intentionally are sabotaging ACA.
Mitch you're state will be one of the hardest hit by the ACA repeal. How can you support this?
Make it work
How many do you want to die, Mitch
How bad is it when Paul is your BEST Senator?
That's nothing compared to how we've suffered with you in Congress.
The American people have suffered under you. Your goal is and always will be to take care of the rich. 32 Million to lose Healthcare. Weak!
Yes we know,why dont you have this conversation w/turn coats @SenJohnMcCain & the other 2 RINOs that killed it a few weeks ago #FullRepeal
Please stop lying to us.
We need a new Senate Leader to implement President. Trump's agenda to save America!!!!
Vile misrepresentation. These are all the same thing and resulted from Republican inaction in Congress. Try to be a leader for the good.
Dumb Republicans
Liar, coward, that's what u r
My family has benefited from the ACA. I long for the day you no longer have an office in KY.
This WILL be the DEATH of the republican party. WE WILL vote you out in 2018 - absolutely guaranteed!
So it's better to KILL the US public? BTW I don't agree with your ACA statements - but the ACA could definitely be improved IF you cared.

If GOP doesn't get it done, then we are going vote you out of office.  100% guaranteed!  100%!
Stop your sabotage!! Stop lying and fix it!!
FALSE! My ACAs great- As MANY suffer post hurricane U cower 2 POTUS & SNEAK in BAD plan unaffordable to many with preexisting conditions
AARP and the American Hospital Association, both SAY NO on this healthcare plan. #ACASavesLives
Change yes. Kill 20-40 million Uninsured Americans that's called Murder!
Drain The Swamp!!!!
You never give up, do you.
#resignmcconnell -try funding it so it works
Oh yeah, give the money to Bevin, Gov. of Ky. He is mini-Trump.
Collapsing because you refuse to work with Dems and fix it. Graham Bill is as bad as last attempt
You talk the talk - but can't walk the walk.  But then that takes a lot of time....we just don't understand how hard it really is - loser.
Nevertheless, he persisted! #GreatTortoiseAmerican
U&Trump have sabotage the health care by holding back pauments!#everybodyisnotstupid
You are anti American!!! What is wrong with you? #lookingoutforonlytherich
#ditchmitch #legalizekentucky
Horseshit.......all of it horseshit and no, Obamacare AKA Affordable Care Act, has worked wonders. Trouble is, you all SUCK!
Talk about broken promises Mitch, you and @POTUS are leading the race.
GRAHAM CASSIDY BILL IS NOT THE ANSWER.  FAR MORE WILL SUFFER WHEN THEY GET SICK, AND CAN'T AFFORD THE "SURCHARGES".  $140,000 for cancer
So adopt single payer instead of throwing millions of Americans off their health cate, jackhole.
Americans know that the R's don't have a solution; never did and never will.
We all know Obama care is a failed, even Obama new he made a mistake  we need some fresh blood. Everyone better get together& work it out.
