UnbelievableEntirely unrecognizable Dem party
Have they no shame? Thanks for holding off their destructive policies as u could
Why would you sale your sole for someone like trump who can't even stay focused on. Anything for longer than 10 minutes
Trump twists everything than everyone reports as fake and he is the phony and the fake and you know that is true
Mitch I violated the constitution.
It is you and ur stance and U will own this disaster and it will be in history book!  #shameful #SCOTUS
Good job Mitch!
You view through partisan eyes, which will advantage you. Your handling of the Gorsuch affair bodes ill for any hope of a bipartisan Senate.
god you're going to go down in history as the absolute worst Senate majority leader ever but way to get in history books
Just as the Republicans did Obama up your ass!!!
Literally shut up Mitch you are a turkey
You will go down in history as complicit with Bannon in destroying our legislature and democracy. You, sir, will forever be known for this.
why do you hate democracy so much?
Amen. #assclown.
What a hypocrite you are.
You are unamerican, your out of touch with reality, this will be the nail in the coffin for republicans. Be prepared to be ousted/replaced
I thought the @GOP was the party of personal responsibility. Instead it's the party of #hypocrisy
As an obstructionist and divisive politician you're one of the major threats to our democracy. How do you sleep at night?
And you destroyed the senate you will be held accountable you're already at 14% approval rating and you did it anyway no reelection for you
Garland was essentially a filibuster.
Having him blocked is a good thing for women. Your sense of entitlement leads you to forget others
News Flash:first successful partisan filibuster in American history was yours Merrick Garland I see your approval level @14% this won't help
MERRICK GARLAND
Shame on you Old Man. Time for you to go.
#MerrickGarland you giant hypocrite!
Change your twitter name to sellout ...you're no leader
It wasn't bipartisan! Who taught you math? Betsy devos? #killerofdemocracy
Dems will do everything to block like u did for Garland u hypocrite 
No sir, you failed to get a large enough bipartician majority. Stop passing the buck!
If you can't get 60 votes then get another nominee. Shame on the GOP. Listen to the people. America before party.
Mitch the first Gorsuch decision that is for a huge company and seems unfair you will be the target of people's wrath if use nuclear option
Republican hypocrites blocked dozens and dozens of @BarackObama nominees. 1st partisan? In your dreams, Turtleman. Payback is coming.
You managed a one man filibuster last year and pulled it off. So don't even imply this is the first.
Merrick Garland.
You lie again! There's no bipartisan majority! You wouldn't know bipartisanship if it bit you on your pecker! Get out. You're over cooked!!!
The learned from the ultimate obstructionist - YOU
there was no majority for Gorsuch, but there would have been an overwhelming one for Merrick Garland if you hadn't blocked a vote
Merrick Garland
So proud of the Democrats today 
April 6, 2017 - the day Mitch McConnell sold his soul and destroyed the government...
Confirm him, then vote to take it back to 60
Because he's a bad nominee. Send a better one. That's how it works. Unless u tear the house down, but that'll bite you in the butt later.
Didn't @HillaryClinton win a majority too?
11/6/18. Let's see what kind of support you get then for your disastrous accomplishments!
Merrrick Garland.
Good.  No appointment without the results of the Trump campaign investigation!
a bipartisan majority??? you are kidding ,right?
Let's examine the situation. Dems are following the rules. While you've  broken and changed the rules. You sir are a cheat and a cry baby
You've let the nation down twice. 1. The Garland fiasco and 2. Removing the need for a majority vote. Your missteps fed the partisan monster
Yes, go nuclear now! I am very angry at @SenateDems mindless sheep. @TheDemocrats are myopic obstructionists. @SenateGOP must move forward!
I pray that to be the case.  Gorsuch is simply NOT mainstream - that is why you lack traditional majority.  Find better nominee, please.
You should resign, you little duplicitous little man #SCOTUS #Garland
#hypocrite No one has ever not let a Presidential nominee have a hearing before, but you!
Get 60 votes or get a new nominee.
They are doing the right thing. Gorsuch is not the right candidate for SCOTUS.
Bless your heart, the only way for you to win is to change the rules. Seems like the agonal flailings of the old-time GOP to me.
Good, time for you to get a taste of your own medicine.  Don't like it on the other side do you?
You blatantly refused to do your constitutional duty last year - step down!
The voice of the people have spoken and you need to respect that.
Trying to block like you blocked even CONSIDERING obama's nominee and left us short on SCOTUS for too long. That was so shameful
.@SenateMajLdr This is in you Mitch. Get another nominee.
Hypocrite much?
That's right turtle! Payback is a bitch!
Can we just fire all of you and start over?
You brought this on. Take responsibility, apologize, and move on.

You know, like a LEADER should.
We never had a Senate Leader like you, who vowed NOT to work with President X 8 years. Your fingerprints are all over this #NoNuclearOption
Cry Cry Cry
That's the problem Senate is now Dem or Rep instead of state legislature representation ! Wake up your killing our country
I am confused. Are you talking about Garland and Gorsuch?
You are a traitor and an hypocrite of  monumental proportions.
What does this mean? You are letting them get a way with it?They have no power! To hell with them, DO YOUR JOB! WE ARE FED UP W/YOU CAVING!
They're voting now on CSPAN
AWESOME
#MerrickGarland
Please do not lie. Abe Fortas was filibustered as well.
Go Nuclear! Confirm this highly qualified judge!
YOU HAVE USED OVER 1/2 THE FILIBUSTERS EVER ON OBAMA ALONE. #MerrickGarland
someone's very busy tweeting this morning! At this rate, he might beat Donald!
You are a hypocrite.   You blocked a hearing of Garland.   Time for old man turtle to get out and let progress take over
You mean the 2nd: you filibustered Merrick Garland by banning black POTUSes from nominating judges in their final year
Awww, is wittle Mitchy upset that someone else is using his playbook? If it bothers U so much, perform an actual public service and resign.
such a cry baby, can't handle a little resistance. Gotta go nuclear? Better b prepared 2 pay for that in coming elections

Nuke them .
Go Nuclear! 2018 Rep's will have even MORE Senator's - if they can do what's best for the country and don't quit!#MAGA
@Merecedes19 Use the nuclear option!
Why?
Your "leadership" on this has been absolutely stellar Mitch! Now live with the legacy you have created for yourself.
This is your decision. Only yours. Own it like a big boy.
This is your guilt talking. DO THE RIGHT THING.
He should get 60 Votes to sit on highest Court. If Democrat was in WH you would DEMAND 60 votes.
You own this historical mess with your cockblock of #MerrickGarland    And I think you know it.
They should block it. Trump is under investigation for Treason. You stole the seat from the American people. UR a Hypocrite & Liar
Can they block u
wait, YOU did? #MerrickGarland
Good. Great. Excellent. Also I hope you are voted out and never come back weirdo.
Blocking the nominee by filibustering. GOP wouldn't even Garland to be voted on. Never mind filibustering to block. You are such a hypocrite
MERRICK GARLAND Not a meeting. Not a hearing. Not a vote.
You and the rest of the Republicans refused to vote for months for President Obama's nominee. Hypocrites, all of you. Get a new nominee.
by the way, there will be nothing successful about what the Dems are doing, Justice Gorsuch by any means necessary
For the thousandth time - There should be NO votes on Trump nominees while he is under investigation. #dotherightthing
Merrick Garland!

obstructers in chief and their phony outrage over Garland, can't swallow their own medicine.  Gorsuch by any means necessary
Disgraceful conduct. Blocking Garlands hearing and  now changing the vote threshold for #SCOTUS.  No respect for our system. Sad!
The rules are in place for a reason..& have been for  plus years..so you're going to change our checks & balances..not democratic system ..
@DevinNunes should have never stepped down from Russia investigation, why do you republicans give in to whining liberals?
Well you all will be in the history books. And journal of the Congress for years to come. Immortalized in 2017. Trump era @realDonaldTrump
What about YOUR unconstitutional denial of even a hearing for SCOTUS nom Merrick Garland #StolenSeat
Um, sadly it wasn't unconstitutional.That's how they got away with it.
you are about to blow up 350 years of senate rules for a plagiarizing nominee by a Prez under FBI INVESTIGATION FOR TREASON
You should have thought about this last year when you blocked Garland - shame on you McConnell  #voteout
Don't play dumb -- not every SCOTUS nominee gets approved. The Senate is not a rubber stamp club.
You hypocrite.
@OrrinHatch But not the first blocked mainstream nominee by a twice-elected sitting President who isn't under FBI investigation, eh?
Liar. Resign. #GOPobstruction
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
You will regret the "nuclear option" be assured of that.
brought this on yourself when u refused to even hold hearings for Obama's SCOTUS nom Merrick Garland. Blame for all this obstruction is on u
Remember last year, when you said you would keep the seat open for 4 years, if HC became president?
#MerrickGarland #hypocrite
I'm confused. You thought you had a bipartisan situation here? Bwahhhhh
FYI: The majority of the citizens are against you using the nuclear option. People all over this country are supporting Dem candidates...
from local-federal positions. Those candidate's that not even in there districts people across this country are supporting with donations...
We will flip every seat blue because this seat was stolen by @GOP and the GOP have chosen to change the rules with no hearing for Garland.
So go ahead and chose the nuclear option but know there will be consequences for the @GOP from local-federal.
Good job America & Dems!  Not so good job, @GOP.   #Resist  #RussiaGate #FakePrez
Yes!! Dems doing what their constituents demand. They are listening to the voters & blocking your illegitimate pick in response to GARLAND!
1) He was nominated by a "president" under investigation for TREASON. 2) #StolenSeat 3) He's a horrible judge.
MERRICK GARLAND!
DEM'S HAVE MESSED UP OUR COUNTRY FOR 50 YRS, NOW YOU, WE HAVE THE BEST CHANCE @POTUS EVER! USA 1st @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff 
Fillibuster and stop Gorsuch confirmation at all costs. We don't need a radical conservative as SCOTUS.
The first partisan filibuster has been going on for longer than a year and the facilitator of this was you. #SCOTUS
MERRICK GARLAND.  You sad, sad hypocrite--you think we'll forget?
@McConnellPress Trump  not qualified to choose sup court judge he needs to be standing  in front of one for crimes he doing.
MERRICK GARLAND
Merrick Garland
Please kill the filibuster, Mitch. Democrats will love it when we have the White House and Senate in 2020.
Scared are you? How's it feel having your own tactics used against you. Lol
@McConnellPress Shelve your ego Mitch find another candidate don't go nuclear. This guy not worth distorting Senate.
Three Democrats is hardly bipartisan in the real world, you hypocrite. Remember mid-term elections are coming.
Because the nominee is no moderate. We deserve a better nominee, and not new Senate rules.
all your fault GOP Merrick was ready and you did nothing!
What is HC was the president @SenateMajLdr would push for confirmation. Aahahaga
We the people demand the....
How can they block him if you are going nuclear ?
Won't  be the last
And what do you call denying even so much as a hearing to Merrick Garland?
Damn, Mitchy, you having a Trump-style Twitter meltdown?
Is it even within your power to stop being a huge HYPOCRITE? Or have you lost that ability along with your scruples/soul? #NoGorsuch #resist
EXCELLENT! The Dems have grown a pair.
Idiot
You started this #MerrickGarland
NO VOTES on SCOTUS until the Russian Collusion FBI investigation is completed!!!
He plagiarized.  Do you not have ANY standards?
WHAT???? 
YOU told us Gorsuch WOULD be a Justice BY Friday April 7th !!!
The problem is your plagiarizing nominee. Put up a better candidate.
What were the hearings like on Merrick Garland?  How did his vote go?
Never brought to a vote, Republicans stopped it before it got that far. Unbelievable.  GOP disrespected Obama and Garland both.
