Too bad my family can't afford those drugs because #Obamacare cancelled our affordable plan and #Republicans refuse to keep #repeal promise
Here's a thought - how about if everyone works together to IMPROVE ACA for ALL Americans!
Ted Cruz and Mike Lee tried to fix #Obamacare with their Freedom Amendment, but it was shot down by both #Democrats & #Republicans.
Because it would have put millions out of the health care system
But the #Obamacare law reduced my family's access to healthcare by making it much more expensive. Leftists don't care about me and my family
We absolutely care.  We want you and your family to have affordable healthcare.  Let's fix it.
#Democrats never talked about fixing #Obamacare until #Republicans won both houses plus presidency giving them the potential to #repeal.
Not true.  ACA was a bipartisan effort.  With flaws.  We need to work together to improve.
Come midterms were gonna have your six and give you more seats so stuff like ACA goes bye bye or at least the mandates if nothing else.
How about we work TOGETHER so ALL Americans can afford healthcare?  Yeah, let's try that!
This is NOT good for Americans!  The stringent drug approval process was for our benefit!  We hate you Mitch!
Single Payer Healthcare would be the best way to benefit Americans in need of treatment and medications. #MedicareForAll  #SinglePayerNow
Which is why a republican majority can't get it together because they lack common sense!! #TRUMPTARDS
Look no further than the VA in the last 8 years for an example of single payer. Or Charlie Gard .... Big Govt is not the answer
A properly funded and staffed #veterans hospitals and administration would not fail. The #GOP wants it to fail.
The GOP and government funding did not cause shadow lines or whistleblowers to be fired or injecting vets with HIV. #Bureaucrats
I can't find any corroborated news story about the HIV besides the claims that they could have possibly infected patients in one hospital...
Don't be #naive
If you think the government is the answer then I should say the same about u. #inefficient #wasteful #corrupt #outdated
As a MD-Agree our approval process needs to be improved. But u can't just start passing,to make for your own pockets. The side effects to
Many MEDS aren't know for YEARS. And with the GOP ins proposals we've seen so far, nothing would be covered for a Pt if they did have side
Effects (some deadly) bc you "rushed" a drug Thru w/o years of research. The Pharm co won't be responsible bc u are loosening their study
Requirements. I have a chronic illness tht can easily result in death- but I want any med coming out to be vetted-rushing may make it worse
Again,we do need to overhaul the process. But we don't need to rush anything through b/c Big Pharma's are your donors, and we aren't stupid.
more interested YOUpass #RAISE Act NOWor #2018 #GOPNeverTrumpersGONE @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle @kimguilfoyle @greggutfeld #MAGA

And the costs?
Repeal obamacare you anti-America piece of crap
But will it be affordable for those who need it?
Not anything the GOP has come up with! I mean, unless you want tht "basic" plan that covered .... basically nothing. Such a shame
@GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #25thAmmendmentNow for @realDonaldTrump #NoH8 #TrumpIsAKiller #RESISTANCE
Now can you pass a law to make them cheaper
Drug approval process to@include vaccines too? Please clarify

OK, so this is the smoking gun.
Thank you but don't pretend you give a shit about sick people. #SaveACA
#SinglePayer
#HealthcareFreedom #Choices #PersonalResponsibility 
Greater freedom comes when #SinglePayer arrives.  Counterintuitive for right-wingers, yet true.
I mean what is the freedom? You pay for it and get less choice. That isn't really greater freedom. At best, it's the same level
That's true for what is currently in place. I'm advocating for a better plan.
Yeah. That's why I'm advocating for a free market in healthcare and not the restrictive and distorted single payer. No plan is 100% based
On freedom, a free market is just "more" freedom than the current system or single payer I guess
All RINOS need to get flushed next election.  Dems already flushed.  No more obstruction.
In the patient's best interest or the drug companies?  We don't trust you, buddy.

If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule: NEVER LIE...
~Paulo Coelho
#quotes #inspiration #attitude 
Not enuf. More important bills such as tax reform should be done.  Time 4 bloodletting & maybe it should be Mitcheroni, mafia don.
shame on U! U have failed the American people & i hope U R rapidly voted out! Disgusting!! Lied 4  7+ years. We can't trust U.
Health care repeal! Tax reform! Or your out of a job!  What the hell is wrong with you?
Need to pass legislation to allow to buy drugs from Canada. Forget THE LOBBYISTS!
Instead of blaming @POTUS for the failure to pass important legislation, take a LONG LOOK in the mirror. It's YOUR FAULT. Now GET TO WORK.
Step down
RESIGN!!!
#@mooresenate
#@mobrooksforsen
Get back to work Mitch? You are the Majority Leader. Lead! Don't let #Trump dictate to you. He had not earned the right.
While other nation move to label gmos your workking not to label for corporate profit. Can't wait.til your gone
Immigration Reform, Healthcare bill and tax reductions! Not necessarily in that order but get it done by December! Golden Opportunity now!
Because speeding up gives all that time to find out side effects. #Thalidomide #rushjob #moneyovwrhealth #servent to #faithoffinance  #fraud
What about Obamacare???  Why haven't you gotten rid of it???  GET R DONE LEADER!
Great! I'm sure it'll help some family. Not mine. #Repeal
We want Obamacare repealed! Get on it!
Would not a patient, carefully listening to a certified doctor be the democratic authority on what medical treatment they need?
THAT you can do speedily because BIG PHARMA benefits and THEY LINE your POCKETS! To hell with the rest of us in your eyes SWAMP CREATURE!!
How about repealing and replacing Obamacare? 7yrs?
Ditch Mitch raze  ryan
 stop!!! No 1 hears u anymore loss of not only trust but FAITH
Great, now if we could just outlaw #GMO's
That's what we need and they are doing some amazing stuff to boot

GOP Donor SUES GOP over their FAILED commitment-

Not Liberal, Just Literate - http://go.shr.lc/2jgAVmW  via @Shareaholic
Patients in need ! With no health insurance and No Obananna Care.
GOP leaders cannot impose party discipline & party whip are USELESS  resign!WE NEED NEW LEADERS WHO SUPPORTS TRUMP not someone who  sit&bet!
Whoopee . If only there were people in CONGRESS to pass a HEALTH CARE BILL FOR THE PEOPLE to go with this McConnell. 2018 Man 2018
Super!  This may actually save lives and give hope to those feeling hopeless.
Where's the bill the halts the gouging and fleecing of Americans for those Rx and lining the pockets of these legalized thieves? (RX Co?)
McConnell Lies to voters again
Drug approval will not be faster
But $$ from Big Pharma
To McConnell will Increase 
VOTE MCCONNELL OUT
That's Great ..  Now what about Repeal & Replace???  Oh I forgot...you need a vacation.  So disgusting!
And how much money did your PAC accept from Russian oligarchs.
The FDA needs a tighter leash. The FAA could use one too.

Repeal and replace this law now..the GOP ran on it you own it now...
You are getting voted out
Another reason not to trust @US_FDA
Glad to see you are taking action. How will cases like this be handled  in the future (and now)? https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidmaris/2012/10/10/fda-recall-points-to-serious-problems-at-the-fda/?c=0&s=trending#5e2077a31365 …
Senator would yoh like to comment on the 2.5M donation to your PAC from a known russian, a friend of Putin. Mueller would like to know?
About time, and I worked for Johnson & Johnson.
No matter how many "successes" you have you will always be a loser until you repeal Obamacare
Keep big pharma happy! Vote to curb the powers of @POTUS,  VACATION, Raise $$ and remain impotent on healthcare and taxes.
So are you abandoning healthcare reform? You are failing us!
He worked all year to make sure republican president could not make recess appts HE NEEDS TO GO IN 2020
Support trump! DC and other democratic enclaves wont survive alone.

Without @healthcare... this only impacts RICH people. DO the hard work... or go home.

Mitch McConnell is deeply enmeshed in at best is the highest betrayal of the Public Trust.  He knew Russia was attacking our sovereignty 
Special Counsel NOW!!!! Investigate the Obama Admin!!
You want to repeal something, repeal the protectionist law you passed to prohibit Medicare from bargaining with big Pharma!
@McConnellPress @US_FDA 
Where is the Repeal of Obama care ? Oh yeah, you FAILED to get it done !!!  We will not move on !!
What about health care?
The only thing we want you to do is REPEAL OBAMACARE! YOU'RE KILLING US!!!
O boy that's just what we need. More drugs. Let's just medicate everyone, especially kids. Keep putting poisons in our body. This will help
Disgusting what you all do to our PRESIDENT AND AMERICAN'S ARE VOTING OUT THE SNAKES OUT IN 2018! WE PAY YOU TO WORK NOT TO LEAVE
This also helps bigpharma to fast track safety and efficacy trials... and get profits sooner.
This also helps bigpharma to fast track safety and efficacy trials... and get profits sooner.
Why bother, they won't have health care and they won't be able to afford them.
Now make them affordable!
Big Pharma must be paying you guys pretty good.
Great news!
You tweeting this is so effing ironic. You see that, don't you?
Grand Jury" Republicans can't repeal and  replace Obamacare but they have time for this  witch-hunt against Trump
well said!! trump gets as much crap from the republicans as he does the dems and the media.

Retired Marine @AmyMcGrathKY has launched her campaign to take back Kentucky's 6th District from the #GOP. #KYPol 
So the rich can afford it and the poor goes without?
There finally going to legalize marijuana! About time
Oh good.. I was hoping you'd make it even easier for us to get opioids
Repeal Obamacare!!! That is a real bill! You people are worthless. #Senate
That least you accomplished something! 2 more weeks of work to  fix O care you scream about all the time. Working 2 more weeks right?
Catering to Big Pharma aging Mitch. How much will you profit from this bill?
What's that gonna do when you try to take our insurance away? Ask pharmaceutical co why they keep hiking the prices up!
Healthcare Mitch Healthcare Healthcare Healthcare
Has Mitch ever been peed on?
I think Healthcare is critical and necessary.
What about helping with cost if meds?
Big deal! The Senate is leaving without passing Obamacare repeal and tax reform??? You should all be voted out! Shame on you all!!!
That's not a good idea at all
Pls stop pretending you care about people's health care.
Like opioids ?  Why don't we just stop allowing them to be prescribed ? We know that they kill people because of addition!
I have a ? With Chumps credibility shot 2 hell. What happens if he says: "we're under attack" Do we believe him, r say he is BEing again?
@McConnellPress @US_FDA And how much  did Big Pharma slip into your pocket?! 

Great now u clowns will cut the funding to pay for it right Mcconnell?

But don't you want to take away healthcare for millions so they can't even afford the drugs in the first place? Your hypocrisy is amazing
so now drug companies will test their drugs out on the public. Nice job. have you ever seen a drug add with all the side affects, scary
YET OBAMACARE is STILL DESTROYING the WORKING people! FAILURE TO LEAD=FAILURE TO SUCCEED!
Because there is nothing quite like making it super clear you will sell yourself to the highest bidder.
Was not on this list Mitch:

Repeal Obama-Care!
Balanced the Budget!
Build the Border Wall!
Pass Tax Reform/Reduction!

Get It Done!
We want LOWERED DRUG PRICES and LESS OPIOD PRESCRIPTIONS, not expensive, half assed medication fast tracked at a cost to our health. #RESIGN
Is this the @amyklobuchar work with 32 other Senators you are referring to?
We need a wall. Tax reform. Repeal Obamacare
That's you helping the drug companies. Patients will be the guinea pigs for poorly tested drugs.
One small step for mankind. Now take some more and reduce the costs for patients and hospitals.
Mr leader. Please talks about what pork is added to bills. This is another way of buying votes.
And @SenMajLdr takes lots of big Pharma cash and helps them keep their prices sky high. #limitPoliticalDonations
All this while we try to remove their health insurance coverage.
Why are you not contacting pharmaceutical companies about decreasing price on drugs?
Grand!!! But what use is that since ur still defunding the ACA. Kiss my grits u phony. That's a corporate gift. 
Wow! One with think you guys are actually getting something done!
And those drugs will be negotiated on the volume basis right?, Wrong
Every ad on TV says the drug they are advertising may cause you side effects that are worse that the problem you are trying to cure !
i sincerely doubt you or your #Senate has passed anything helpful to the American people without lining your pockets...#ImpeachTrumpNow
Drug co agreed to that for no HealthcRe
My message was to Mitch and nobody else.  you are entitled to you opinion.
The drug companies are making drugs that can hurt you worse than the problem you have !And the Senate wants to speed up the drugs approval ?
that doesn't make any fuckn sense
Repeal Obamacare
Why don't you do what you promised and repeal the ACA
What about health care
How about a bill lowering the price of those drugs? Or are you on their payroll?
They just have to be able to afford it now
Wow, what made you guys decide to do your job as opposed to trying to destroy America?
And are you working on bringing down the cost of pharmaceuticals?
Knowing how the @GOP had been operating, pretty sure whatever they signed helps the insurance cos bottom line, not patients.
So when will they be affordable?
Drop Dead !!! Mueller !!!!! 
How will people pay for their needed drugs? Mitch, you are useless.
How about lowering prescription costs
Great. More pillheads and over prescribing with new meds.
Great. Now let's do something about the ridiculous cost of medication. The ACA can't be fixed until take care of this problem
yeh great......and completely FAILED on OBAMACARE. DO YOUR JOB!
It's not the drugs I'm worried about it's the nefarious activity of the president of the United States of America!
What do you want a medal? You let all of America down on healthcare. Obamacare sucks! You know it, I know it you swamp monster
The Senate accomplished something??? Wow! It's only AUGUST!
We demand a investigation on the leaks in the White House and the Clinton foundation.
Considering the amount of tax payer money the govt confiscates from us to fund research drugs should be cheaper Govt does not spend their $s
It doesn't matter if they get approved if people can't afford them. #badrepresenative
Let's continue with the corruption of Pharmaceutical Companies and make our country drug addictions freeloaders? Pocketbook no really for us
Senate needs 2 understand We elected Trump to represent us- Congress is now riding our coattails & any Republican against us will be ousted!
Not that important! What about stopping Russian nonsense? Those lawyers will get rich! What's your cut?
Ditch Mitch!!
Really? Now you show concern for the needy? What a hypocrite
This tweet is ironic!  Considering you wanted to pull insurance from millions!
Ignorance shall be punishable by jail
one could really question your sanity, cut off millions from healthcare same time making it faster to get drugs they ineligible to receive
How much did you receive from insurance companies to get that done?
But they won't be able to afford the drugs once they become approved !
Build The Wall congress.... finally think about the American people instead of your own pocket books
@SenateMajLdr I can't believe you don't fight 4 @POTUS the same way we fought 4 @realDonaldTrump don't ever forget what we the people want 
That map is purple & blue with a couple of specks of red if you're being honest.
You should do good in midterms then
If we can stop the Russian hacking.
What did they hack
