Exactly what date does Wray become head of FBI?
oh goodie another paid for Soros puppet
You don't deserve to be leader rather see sen desantis in that spot&potus gave ur wife a nice position so what blackmail does dems have on u
Wot say the #RINOs?
Wait....

....WHAT?!? …
You might get to know him a lot better now! We know about the millions you and Ryan took from the Russian. What kind of slime are you?
I'm wondering how your going to undermine him behind the curtains. #SWAMPMASTER McConnell
Someone with Russia ties is a good idea?  Please...
Geez you can write but you are now going down the same road as you did with the ACA for tax reform. Hmm party above country.  It will fail

I don't see your statement on why you suck at your job or why you and your corrupt brethren want to keep control of my healthcare
I'll just take honesty and fair justice unlike last 20 years! #Elites are not above the law!  Let justice be done, even if the heavens fall!
Really ! He must be a closet Democrat  if the senate approved him
honestly, as a patriot, you liking someone makes me nervous.
I'm tired of the republicans always blaming others. Stand up and be manly enough to take what's coming for the wrong u all did.
Turtleman you are a hack! A partisian hack! #traitors #traitormcconnell #trumprussiacollusionconfirmed
#SignSanctionsBill - have a word with your BFF

Read your statement, Mitch. You're a helluva guy until you're not, which is usually the case.
Mitch, please retire-The base
@SenateMajLdr McConnell, Stand behind our President, Prosecute Hillary and her accomplishes.
AG Schneiderman has done more for the People than you and we can wait for justice. You have disgraced the Office. Your legacy=Team treason.
Now I suspect him; based on your enthusiasm. And it is revealed that he is compromised. Stop lying: we know we didn't even vote for your GOP
Isn't Wray another Trump hater from the prior administration?

Give me a break sen mcconell stop wasting our tax $$ on bogus mueller hunt tell him he's done focus on wassermAn&clintons selling uranium!!
If we didn't have an inept president Comey would still be director and you lot wouldn't have to waste time and money doing a confirmation
No Trump nominees should be appointed until he's been impeached or we have definitive evidence in the Russia investigation. Asshat.
@SenateMajLdr No Senator, YOU are a WEAK, SPINELESS leader who does not keep his word and you need to Retire! By Sean Hannity ( I like this)
Wray has gotten little attention.He strikes me as a partisan hack.It's a shame Trump didn't pick someone independent.But that's not Trump.

Retired Marine @AmyMcGrathKY has launched her campaign to take back Kentucky's 6th District from the #GOP. #KYPol 
After Repeal and Replace fail how much of what you say really matters? "Time to move on"?
It's fun watching you scramble to find a new topic to tweet incessantly about after the whole healthcare thing went so well for you
As long as he doesn't take a loyalty pledge to the orange one and DOES NOT report directly to the wannabe dictator. U know I'm right.
You should ask @realdonaldtrump to loan you a few of his #RussianBots so that it would at least give the appearance you are liked, Mitch.
Too bad you can`t shoulder your own responsibilities

The greatest threat to Americans right now is the incompetence of @Potus. When will you take steps to protect us from this danger?
When will you make a 'STATEMENT' regarding this terrible threat? Or will you crawl into your shell & ignore it?
No worries, Mitch.  Time is on the side of the American People.  Mueller hired another lawyer.  You will NOT destroy our Constitution!
Sit in your ivory 'Trump' tower, hiding in your shell, & watch as We the People remove you from power, Mitch.
How about the GOP get busy working on a solution to Healthcare so it will pass.  You work for us remember??
Nobody gives a shit
Did anyone ask him about his roll in bridgegate? Does he still have Chris Christies cell phone?
Once again AMERICANS DONT WANT YOU TO CROSS THE AISLE
You better do something to keep rump's little hands off the nuclear launch buttons
Here you Reps.  Go again trying to cross the AISLE.  YOU'RE BLOWING A GOOD OPPORTUNITY. Screw the DEMS
climate change deniers, watch this film !!
climate change deniers, read this book !!!
I hope Trump doesn't try & co-opt this FBI Dir & i'm holding Repubs responsible for Wray being able to maintain his independence from Trump!
Let's start confirming our judges!!!

Whoever is carless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Nobody gives a what you have to say anymore Mitch. You're a loser. Resign.
Please just stop talking & go away
Chris Christy's tax payer provided Bridgegate lawyer. Bravo.
Go nuclear and F the Dems!
Cool so he'll ignore all your dark money is what you are saying?
Who cares?  U r soooooo IRRELEVANT!  GO AWAY!
If you trust #treasonousTrump to nominate the next head of the #FBI who will be investigating HIM- you are either #complicit or stupid.
What about a statement on "Health Care"? What the heck is going on? Block Grant the money to the states! Let them handle it for their folks!
if you indorse anybody they better head for the hills, there doomed
@POTUS thinks Wray works for him! U gonna do anything abt this or continue to enable him more! Better do something Mitch, ur Ky folks r mad!
Dear @SenateMajLdr - your track record has now discredited you entirely. Yr views have shown themselves 2 be entirely out of touch w/reality
why bother. Only way he can keep his job is to overlook Trump's corruption. If he does he's also corrupt.
Wray is not qualified! He has a dirty Russian record! See! U r willing 2 undermine our security/justice system 4 ur twisted ideology!Resign!
https://mobile.twitter.com/i/web/status/892434507701334016 …
When he in office he needs to remove McCabe how has 3 investigations of illegal issues. Then to investig for conspired to assassinate Trump
Sir time to Work at President Trump's Pace. NO VACATION Job NOT done. Support President's agenda NOT YOURS.
Forget about it! !! GET YOUR HOUSE IN ORDER, support your President.
Kentucky please oust this lying conman phony crook. Such a spineless disgrace @SenJohnMcCain @POTUS @SenatorCollins  @SenDeanHeller @MSNBC
Hard to believe anything you say but I hope your right Mitch.
Did he swear loyalty to the dear leader?
You are a failure. Go back and watch School House Rock to see how gov should run.
Where's your statement on healthcare?

Frankly, the American people can't trust anyone Trump appoints.  As the GOP rubber stamps what he wants, they can't be trusted.
Mr. McConnell,  It is time for you to take a stand against this President.  It's time to stop pretending this is normal behavior.
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/05/07/as-china-north-korea-ties-cool-russia-looks-to-benefit.html …  Hopefully Wray will support Mueller in ridding America of the menace supported by the cowardly GOP
Did you finally accomplish something? Running out of time. Resign
Does Mr Wray answer directly to you, Mitch, or Trump? Corrupt from the beginning.
Stop trying to find a way around the 140 character limit or get off Twitter
Do you still work in Congress?
Dude, you are, like, soo transparent. Thank you for sharing!
There would be no need for #Wray if our legit Head of FBI hadn't been wrongly removed by #Fraud @realDonaldTrump #ComeysHomies #impeach
See!  When competent people are nominated the confirmation goes quickly!!!!!
I could care less what you say, EVER
Nobody cares what you think.
Mitch, you failed to mention he received 92 Senate votes. If you don't serve up idiots and wackos, the dems will be supportive.
Have to question his confirmation if McConnell gives him a thumbs up. @TheDemCoalition #ImpeachTrump
He's a political pro-Trump hack who must recuse himself from #TrumpRussia
#Mitchocrite I'm sure you're plotting ways to hurt millions of Americans. We aren't distracted.
You have lost all credibility. You should be hiding in shame.
way to go Mitch ........ you finally got something done @POTUS will be proud
Where's our Health Care bill? Seven years to be ready. Focus Mitch.....focus. It's not time to move on. Finish this task first. Loser.

Plese do not confirm Mr Wray!!!
McConnell should resign. He's done so much damage and it is for money. Trump bought and paid for him. Eric T says Repubs must follow king
You really have been in government far too long, nothing but shallow, petty, unskilled hack. How ignorant is KY to continue 2 vote for you?
Merrick Garland.  How quick we don't forget, Mitch.
You are no leader changer your name gop out in 18
Save time; don't bother with a statement. No one cares what you have to say anymore.
Not your FBI. He works for POTUS. REMEMBER THAT!
Now, now, he has a website dedicated to him

Turtles live to be 200 yo. Doesn't mean they have to stay in Senate.
#resign
When is YOUR BOSS gonna sign those new sanctions? One thing it seems EVERYONE agreed on except your President, I wonder why????
This isn't some kind of "win" it's a gimmie. Do what we elected you folks to do or reap the ash heap in the mid-terms.
the #turtlehead will fail at every last thing he tries to do, until he stops being tribal partisan and begins working together. FAIL DUDE!
It never ceases to amaze me that You or anyone in the @GOP think the majority of American believe anything you say. You don't care about US
somebody needs to lead them, an agency run rogue
25th Amendment.  Do it. You know he's demented. Get it done. Face your responsibility.
He had better stay on the Trump Russia thing, you too. For the sake of everything the USA stands for
#TheVotersAreComing!!
When are the next elections for your seat?
So you can maintain your relationship with Putin/Russia? Sneaky #traitorsintheWH
O No the russian Alpha bank is here ^^ Let´s learn russian
Stupid obstructionist Dems, lol. What did Wray promise to @realDonaldTrump ? @FBI #RussiaGate #Mueller
You just suck, I'm sorry. You do!
Too bad you can't lead the Senate!
Youre going to jail for treason Mr leader for taking Russian money, that is if the Russians don't get to you first


Good
Why don't you take your dementia mind and leave.
Wait...u said the Dems were obstructing. Doesnt look like obstruction. Think you've cried wolf a few to many times

Now an all-time low approval rating for Trump in our tracking (37.8%) as well as all-time high disapproval (56.7%). https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/ …
Why won't trump sign Russia sanctions bill?
Trump explaining to several club members why he frequently visits Bedminster: "That White House is a real dump." http://amp.timeinc.net/golf/tour-news/2017/08/01/president-donald-trump-relationship-golf-more-complicated-now?source=dam … …
Ditch Mitch who cares about your comment on the FBI Director. We needed you on Healthcare please resign give new folks a chance!
A Russian Spy.
#TRAITOR

too bad  the same standards doesn't apply to you
Figure a way to get all the confirmations in waiting to a vote....
Is it anything like your statements on Obamacare?
@SenateMajLdr Finish pass the rest of President Trumps nominees now!
Since you're behind this statement, it is safe to say it's a dick move.
How exactly are you qualified to call yourself leader? Is this like dear leader in North Korea?
but Wray used to work for the Russians...so that's fun. #ditchmitch2020 #nowaychriswray #resist #Indivisible #dumptrump2020
You suck. Believe me.
Because the previous guy didn't? 

He did...and got canned for it...
Until he u covers GOP wrongdoings and you turn on him like mueller.
You are a epic failure you've deserted the very people who vote for you. Resign failed leader
I look forward to the day you are irrelevant
anyone you like will be under the tightest of scrutiny as you are as dishonest as they come..i hope this man has more integrity than you do.
It's kind of hard to trust ANYTHING you say when you refuse to push Russia, when you lie about ACA - just generally lie about EVERYTHING
You have lied so many times, go back in your shell Turtle.
He has great credentials-- but after POTUS' demand of loyalty from Comey, followed by this choice, I will never trust him.
Nobody cares what you think. You're irrelevant, and you will forever be remembered as one of the great villains in US history. Drop dead.
Aren't those nasty Dems keeping you from confirming nominees? Or was that still another lie fresh from your mouth?
Now get to work on repeal & replace!
How about releasing a statement on how you and the rest of your buddies are going to impeach the orange puppet? Remove trump. Amendment 25:4

You're one of the biggest frauds in US Senate history. Public servant my ass. #DitchMitch2020
How did healthcare go?

SENATOR MCCONNELL,
HOW OLD R YOU? MY GOD RETIRE ALREADY!
UR WAY 2 OLD 2b INVOLVED IN PLANNING FUTURE OF AMERICA N HUMANITY. 
#RETIREALREADY

#TreasonTurtle #TrumpRussia
It must be Purged!
Don't care
Cannae moan about obstruction now
You think being caught in another lie will stop him from telling more?

i loved watching you cry at 2am last friday!
Your back and still a disgrace to the service America deserves
First order of duty FIRE McCABE
