Thoughtful?  It was like a speech written by a teenage president who wanted to show off adjectives and adverbs. Useless
I LOVED IT!
Why did you love it. You know they are all lies like everything else that comes out of his MOUTH.
He loves our military...lifted rules of engagement ...is out to win! Won't reveal plans. Not like pajama boy.
Let's airdrop @WestPoint06mom into Syria or Afghanistan. See what song she screeches then.
I lived through two deployments with my sons being in the front line...kinda the same, don't ya think?  How about you?
No more of Obama's horrible Rules of Engagement that killed so many of our heroes glad your sons came home safely! #MAGA 
Thank you! Believe me...I pray they all do. It's nerve wracking.
You need to start LEADING!
McConnell is a Koch operative with absolutely no spine or regard for his constituents or the U.S.
What has he done other than try to take healthcare away and give tax cuts to his rich cronies? He's enabled Trump. He owns this mess.
Has he been concerned at all about Russia hacking into our elections and important infrastructure such as power/nuke plants?
if Obama had said and did the same, you would be crying like a baby
He was against any good things that Obama wanted. Now he's label by Republicans that he was a good Pres ident.
That he wasn't a good President. He didn't talk crap. He was REAL. Barack knows values. He wasn't about greed etc.
You know Trump hates you right?
Aw did you 2 kiss and make up?
Qui cum canibus concumbunt cum pulicibus surgent.  
If you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas
Get rid of the filibuster rule & stop placating the Democrats!!!

MITCH MCCONNELL & PAUL RYAN FUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD & OBAMACARE NO WALL FUNDING 2018 #GOP #Conservative #MAGA #Trump http://sck.pm/Xpf  
The whole world is watching @SenateMajLdr @GOP #impeachAndJail45 Now
Didn't you authorize the use of force Iraq?  You are a hypocrite!  #resign
No one can commend you for anything. You are letting him and us down.Throw out Filibuster Rule!

"i commend"! You are as much a hinderance to this POTUS's agenda as anyone in DC. Maybe more so than Pelosi. KY needs to unseat you!
He commends the mafia tied money laundering abusive racist Trump. #TrumpRacism #Trumprussia #TrumpRussianCollusion
Let's stay on topic, Mitch. Let me help. RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSA. Any questions? You have the right to remain silent. #MuellerIsComing
Yes for a change he thought  before he spoke
Nah they just threatened to hide his phone if he didn't read what they wrote for him on the TelePrompTer
Your talking about Obama right!
Bot 
What about when he said nazis where good people and said "us" in reference to the white supremacists? You look like gary Oldman in Hannibal
I think you should probably go crawl under a rock.  He never sided with Disgusting Nazis. Go back and listen to what he said.

And just exactly what is @POTUS's @realDonaldTrump's strategy??? I guess you "speak Trump" do you heard something I missed!
Another example of dangling shiny keys to distract public of @realDonaldTrump inept presidency.
Did anyone ask you or care what the Loser thinks?
Oh, BS!  I can't believe you put "thoughtful" and "POTUS" in the same sentence.  How much more will it take?  IMPEACH!
Treason!!
Protect us from him. Protect us from the man who should never have been put in power. #TrumpLies #TrumpBullying #TrumpRussia #Russiagate
Your candidate - Your frankenstein - Your racist - Your Russian Money-Laundering KING @speakerryan @senjohnmccain @senatorburr #RemoveTrump
Of course you do! Because he don't fit your narrative
POTUS deserves no commendation!
Well That's not getting any press
Still sucking up? Haven't you had enough? What will it take for you to man up? Total destruction of our country and constitution? #Coward


Instead of giving 60 percent of new tax cuts to the richest Americans, we should expand the EITC to make up for decades of wage stagnation. 
Stop worrying about national security, the POTUS has that under control. Get healthcare done. Support the Presidents agenda.  You had 8 yrs.
yeah you beat him, we the people lost and have no hope left in america i am never voting again, halted monthly donations
To hell with Senate rules! DemocRats have already blown up Senate 100% Resist get rid of Filibuster rules or U Fail
Trump WE LOVE, however, YOU, Mitch ARE USELESS

Shout up @SenateMajLdr. We are tired of hearding your stupidity.  So done with this "Frog ".
Mitch hasn't lost his balls afterall.  Thanks Mitch.
Says who? Ya he's ballsy as usual makes no good sense and talks out his butt. He's a dumbass thought that Health plan was good?
Where did you learn to kiss ass like that Mitchie?
U will take anything at this point
How u can bring yourself to commend him on anything is beyond me! You have an unfit, incompetent fool in office who is doing real damage!!
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ …
UR NOSE IS THE BIGGEST BROWN NOSE EVER! HOW DO U BREATH WITH ALL THAT SHYT COVERING UR NOSE? HAVE U TRIED BEING A MAN OR DID U GIVE THAT UP?
Trump is dangerous. He is incompetent.  When will you serve the people who elected you?
McConnell’s approval rating among Kentuckians sits at 18 percent
Seditionist
Ass-kissing Tater & company won't get you re-elected; you should hope you don't get caught up in the treason conspiracy you're all in on.
U must do your part by get #Taxreform and #HealthCare bills passed W/O EXCEPTION within this year. Work on @POTUS agenda and the WALL
Seriously? You're ass kissing the Cheeto, knowing he'll through you under the 1st buss that comes by?
POTUS had nothing to do with it. He's unfit in every conceivable way. A disgrace 2 humanity. World's watching as US becomes laughing stock.
UNITED WE STAND DIVIDED WE FALL YOU @SenateMajLdr Have an clear shot at #MAGA God bless you both and the 
It's amazing that Trump insults you for any small thing and you won't address him when he makes massive mistakes.
What did you think of President's "eclipse" retweet this a.m?
Bannon & tRump turned on you bigly 
Like rabid dogs 
#ImpeachTrump See that's the trouble with nazis They will eventually come for you too.
You may commend the POTUS, but he doesn't commend you.  How does it feel to be publicly mocked by him?
Nice relationship you have with the president.  You commend and he  all over you.  Hahahahaha.
He talks down to you every chance he gets. Grow some balls man and quit being a punching bag.

Trump is never thoughtful. Why don't you stand up to him?
He does not commend you!!
Get your house in order or step aside. #MAGA
I voted for you to stand behind POTUS & push his agenda... Get to work get rid of 60 VOTE RULE SIMPLE MAJORITY
Why defend a President who doesn't have your back & would sell you to the wolves in a second!
Yet your silence on the Presidents statements is defeaning.  Clearly you support his devisive statements and tone.
In other words, Mitch McConnell is going to keep obstructing to ensure Trump isnt successful. #GoodLuckWithThat OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT OBSTRUCT!!
In other words, McConnell is going to keep obstructing to ensure Trump isnt successful. #GoodLuckWithThat

Glad you agree with our President's comments on S. Asia. Now help him repeal Obamacare, tax cuts, the wall and stop sanctuary cities.
Still trying to get him to like you, Mitch? Sad!
check out the guy you commend.
Stop pretending that you don't despise him.
HEY ITS PAST TIME YOU DEMAND 25th A!!!  THERE ARE NO OR you STILL HOLDING OUT FOR YOUR TAX BREAK?  NO WAY!  DO YOUR DUTY THE OATH YOU TOOK!
Your just jealous because Trump gets the job done & he loves America... unlike the last one.
Trump won't announce his strategy to the enemy like Obama did. That's smart.


Please McConnell follow through with Presidents agenda you can do trying not to go against you didn't like remarks about Trump though
Mitch. Get the people together and pass to POTUS
How can she support him when this idiot makes a fool of you everyday? You must have some marriage.
A small but intense nosegay of violets from the ass of the usurper.
Ditch Mitch
What about all that coke on your boat? (You know he likes that too, Mitch!)
Keep up the commending, he eats that $hit up like ice cream!
Oh he loves commendments! 
Now, back to the grift!

GOP May you never live down what you have allowed to take place in this country . This, is ALL yours. @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan https://twitter.com/afp/status/900319584653365250 …
As long as you say it's good ? You and the others have shown little support for the new administration and President Trump ! Do something
Now back to @GOP's #racist, narcissistic, sociopathic @POTUS @realDonaldTrump, the #Russia Investigation & #FollowingTheMoney @GOPChairwoman

How can you keep supporting a man that is so clearly unfit to lead this country?
Repeal and replace or go home
Even after he called you a %*##$#69$!!!
Get behind the President's agenda or step down. Time to walk the talk.
Then get to work MTCH!
At least you had the sense to move on from Deathcare. Now you're acting as spineless as Paul Ryan.
Are your tax cuts for the rich really worth letting this insane POTUS trash you publicly?
Are you commending him now for tearing a new one into you?
Do your damn job get this treasonous raging lunatic out of the White House or come 2020 your done in Kentucky!
Why can't you get anything accomplished?   Get back on track and support our President's agendas or you will be out of apt work soon!
How about getting some of his agenda done!?!
You guys are out next year if you can't get this done. RIDICULOUS
We will vote you out RINO.  Will never vote for you again.
The Republican party is sinking ever lower into demagoguery. Aren't you ashamed?
When are you going to get rid of this unhinged malicious man ruling our country?
You commend treason and obstruction of justice. US is clear on your ties to Trump and Putin.
the turtle has spoken. you know if it were a democrat doing all these stupid things in the whitehouse, you would have started impeachment.
Time to Ditch Mitch! Change coming 2018
NEED TO START WINNING & it's a completely new day...the Dems R the root cause of division refusing 2 stand 4 free speech &squelch violence.
You are going to join them u swamp creature




I don't see a path forward for your leadership in 2018
So 2nd count of @Potus  obstructing justice? @GOP  never gonna 'win' with A pres that colludes w/Russia & White Nationalist/supremacy!
#ImpeachTrumpAndPence
All the years of scamming constituents. Sad
McConnell, currently at 18% approval in his own state, doubts Trump can save HIS presidency.

Seriously?
trump drove me out of GOP because of the hate he exhibited last night. I suspect I'm not the only one. DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS MADMAN
You're obviously not writing these. 
#TrumpResign
Start the process of censure
Sorry Mitch, 8 years and got nothing done on HC... NOT GOOD! When he won, should've been done!
Lol.... He hates you
It's a shame those who oppose n slam the presidency still have no brain, you continue to be manipulated, lied to by #MSM.  LEARN YOUR FACTS
@SenateMajLdr PLEASE do more than commend
Every time I expect you to do the right thing. You disappoint. And you support a nazi sympathizer. #fuckingturtle
@SenateMajLdr have you taken leave of your senses?
#we support americas media not trump
Potus needs to become a puppet n let someone with a brain do the speaking. Let the guys w white coats get him.
Trump needs to become a puppet n let someone with a brain do the speaking.
Unlike you,POTUS is doing his job!!!
MR MajLdr PLEASE HELP OUR PRESIDENT YOU ARE A GREAT MAN SHOW HIM HOW THINGS CAN GET DONE
For the love of all that is decent, will you show a spine for the first time in your life and impeach this disgraceful, traitorous #POTUS?
Will mean more when you stand up and get something he needs, done;like tax cut; like repealing OCARE; he should remove your exemptions to it
You commend him. Have you not heard his ranting?  Are u crazy?  Do something. Country before party. No more excuses for DT
"Mr. McConnell privately expressed uncertainty that Mr. Trump will be able to salvage his administration after a series of summer crises."
Thanks...um...tax reform now?
Easy rhetoric. Do your job and get the Trump Agenda thru the Senate or resign and let someone else do it.
Finally you support him
@shannonj5067 Kentucky please get rid of Senator McConnell Arizona please get rid of McCain and Flake! They are spineless and duplicitous
Mitch stay home, don't come back!
He tried to get you to impede the Senate investigation into Russian "meddling".  If you don't speak out you are aiding and abetting him
Thoughtful? Haha Haha. You know that someone else wrote that speech for him and the policy is typical for pleasing the military industry.
now you need to pass healthcare!! we the ppl are suffering!!!
Now Mitch get cracking on Tax reform, healthcare, etc. And stop BAC mouthing the Presidentand his agenda
He's in Arizona right now making jokes about how ur wife looks like Miss Swan from MadTV
I voted for you, please DO YOUR JOB, PASS BILLS!!!!!!!
please do not try to sabotage Trump. Many of us are so disappointed in GOP. Dems never break rank.
I don't believe NYT report that you & POTUS are on the outs. It's just fake news from MSM trying to cause drama. You are both competent men.
Now do your job Mitch!
Huh? Maybe his approval rating will go up to 19% now.
You should be impeaching the angry clown, not commending it. And you know this. Which makes your inaction all the more nauseating.
I was busy vomiting and missed it
You are sinking sen mcconnell. your approval ratings in Kentucky?  Not even sure if you are breaking 10 now. Gotta do for the people not you
Thank you for your comments Mr. McConnell.
On a separate matter, please help the president to pass our agenda or step down from leadership
Ditch Mitch!
you & the senate need to get @POTUS agenda moving before you lose your seats next year. security, jobs, healthcare & taxes. get it gone
Ditch Mitch!!
That's nice, even some democrats liked it. Show your support of the citizens by passing the agenda of Potus.
Please go back & get some work done for Americans, failing in your responsibilities
ACA repeal! What happened to the GOP?
You have failed. Time and again. Step down as leader.
Leader?
HA! 18% approval rating. 
Bye Mitch.
All incumbment senators need to be voted out of office for lack of job performance
Who care Mitch, you are a dinosaur and will be voted out next. Hopefully replaced by someone that can help POTUS achieve his objectives
Please step up and get taxes, budget, and healthcare done!
Nice to see you finally standing up for the Prez.
Mitch, I wish your back bone was stronger than a tooth pick. Please resign and go back to Kentucky #maga
Do your job Mitch! Repeal Obamacare
You got to go Mitch! Come good people of Kentucky. The nation is depending on y'all to vote his ass out of the Senate!
Good Mitch now get to work actually supporting the President's agenda. Go for it! Have a backbone! You can do it!!
@KellyannePolls more Alt-facts from the Queen of Alt-Facts. I want a cage match between Mitchy & Donny. Let them settle it like "men"
Mr Trump is a populist He is making new rules doing what we want Take note of his political power & follow his lead:
American Patriots stand with President Donald J. Trump.
.we don't need a review you #LYING #GOPSCUM! we need to bring our military home b4 more of them die needlessly!
Now help pass the Wall, Tax reform, immigration, etc. stop being obstructionist like Dems. Do what u were voted into office to do
I wish u had 1/10 the balls of Pelosi. If u can't measure up then RESIGN.  U promised 4 7 years to repeal/replace, tax reform.  Liar resign.
Fuck your too Mitch! Get a spine and #ImpeachTrumpAndPence The "plan" is the same as the past 16 years!
Remember 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 % approval rating.   Get w/ program & pass President Trumps agenda. I might tattoo 18 as reminder! Ha ha
Looks who's tweeting ! Lol !
Who cares?  Your absolutely failed us in getting the ACA removed.
Why did this image pop up in my mind? #twit #tinyhands #LostPopularVote #YouDope #AssKisserEvenWhenBitchSlappedByTinyHands
Mitch, Mitch, Mitch.  Nothing in his speech was new.  Just proved he can read a TelePrompTer. Kind of.
And in 30 years Afghanistan will be in the same state as where the war on drugs is today after 46 years.
I guess it's time to ramp up the campaign for 2018.
I am so disappointed in your http://leadership.you  are letting us all down
