Yeah, you handed the keys to our government and our national secrets over to Putin. Good job, dummy.
Hot flash: the Russians aren't coming.
Hot take: they are already here if you haven't noticed.
Luckily the RICO case should #draintheswamp for real and many GOP senators with it
Snooze! the MIlitary is the BIGGEST GovSocial welfare. BUT somehow we got "shrink GOV".. what are you talking about HYpocrite.?
Snoozman! Millionaires NEED TAX BREAKS!.. somehow our Treasure given to Corporations esp military ones is SAVINGS? U ARE A FAKE
Good, that 3.7b will go a long way toward the next war the President starts!!
We did.  We the American people did.  Get yourself in gear along with your fellow do-nothing Republicans and fight, or face losing your jobs
Sir, Republicans seemingly still empty talk. In 2017 Help POTUS cut taxes for the people & business; pass good health reform, & smaller gov.
That's PATHETIC, just like you. Give us same healthcare as you have.
We have and not in a good way.  Had Obama behaved like Trump the GOP would be drafting articles of impeachment.  We won't forget in #2018.
Yeah, now Russia is in charge,  Obama was a patroit
NOW VOTE FOR IT SO OUR PRES. CAN SIGN IT. NO MEDICAL MONOPOLIES. THAT'S WERE THE COST IS
turtle.....turrrrrtle-
Those are higher than they should be, in my opinion.
Agreed.  I only see extreme fanatics still approving because they're oblivious.
They're obvious not in the right state of mind and should seek psychiatric help.
The emperor wearing no clothes, isn't a friend of Israel. Repubs it's time to wake up and save our democracy. Your silence is deafening!
Is collusion with Russia  and incompetence progress? Is there any point where you will have any courage and commitment to the constitution?
You're more delusional than the #fraudinthewh if you think what you've done is in the interest of all of us Americans! #greed #corruption
All of your careers will be over soon! Can't wait to get your sorry corrupt greedy a$$es out of Washington! @SenateGOP @GOP
How can anyone actually believe that the laws changed were in any way a good thing. We pay in the long run for your and Trump's greed today.
Yessir, how relieved you must be that Trump gives classified info DIRECTLY to the Russians & not via an email server like crooked Hillary.
And a whole nation of people enraged. You are grossly out of touch, sir.
Indeed....Out of touch with the majority of Americans. No integrity!
Only 14?
Pollute you crappy state good job....we all see u standing with trump traitor
YOU HATE BLACK PEOPLE.
You've turned the corner and r going over a steep waterfall without a barrell.
Your the Republican leader and it's up to you to encourage Our elected govofficials to support our POTUS we expect you to be strong and lead
You've overturned out of spite, hate, and vengeance, not because it is best for the people or our country. These lies don't work!
TrumpRyanCare violates Article 25 of the Declaration of Human Rights estb. in 1948 by the UN.   #notrumpcare
@realDonaldTrump THEN USE THAT MONEY TO BUILD THE WALL!
Do you guys have ANY new ideas of your own - to help PEOPLE? Going from party of No to party of Undo is not really something to brag about
Be sure to add in the costs of removing those regulations!
you've manage 2 take protections away from ppl PBO left them. Taking money away from children orderly the poor wile you fat cats get richer
Yeah, you're taking us right down the toilet, on a home tour
you cannot produce positive change so you quash others attempts at it? You are leading a failing congress in short-sighted, dangerous goals
ur numbers cant b trusted -just make sure they were logical not indulgent choices - the wrong choice may bite back, should u live as long

Counting on illegal votes to keep you in office? You will be indicted first Rusky
Isnt it time 4GOP Senate&House 2stand up 2DT!Stand up 4your country! What would GOP b doing if HC was Pres.doing these things? @SpeakerRyan
Liar - pants on fire - 90 executive orders in 100 days - #IndependentInvestigation #Trumprussia Do your job, stop tweeting
Obama wasn't perfect, but he was a great President. This hatred all of younhave for him is way beyond normal. 

GET COUNSELING
Just for yourselves. Now we can look forward to environmental disaster, more division, and massive numbere of deaths from no health ins.
Yep...and the rich keep getting richer, and we are deporting elementary school kids. Kudos
Lying seems to be a required attribute for being a Repub these days.
#impeachMaxine #Constitution #MothersDay #Fraud #draintheswamp
.@SenateMajLdr you mean, instead of organized & productive, now it's chaos & corruption! Enjoy your riches...God will judge you!
Regulations = Consumer Protection for middle class Americans and Deregulation=Protection for the Wealthy. GOP is NOT the party of the people
Aren't you guys wonderful? Obviously anything Obama did or does is bad in your eyes. Does this country matter to you? I doubt it.
Yeah well, time will tell about all those regulations you're repealing. Not good for economy or American people over the long term!!

History won't be kind to President Trump's Republican enablers http://www.latimes.com/opinion/readersreact/la-ol-le-trump-republicans-comey-firing-20170512-story.html …
Regulations protect human beings. Deregulation protects obscene profits and polluters.
Sir, you are a party-before-country hack, rank hypocrite and obstructionist traitor.
Republican Congress you are covering Trump mafia connections, the reason you are in the same boat as Trump, receiving money from Russia.
Mitch, your criminal activities are coming to light.
I know.  You are ruining the country and siding with the Russians against the US.  Pitiful, just pitiful.
You help make jobs unsafe. Thanks foghorn leghorn
Did you kiss Trumps ring today thanking him for your wife's job?
The writing is on the wall Mitch. What are you going to do about Trump?
Oh yeah, you've turned a corner all right! Enabling abuse of power & obstruction of justice worse than Nixon. Your legacy.
Yes you have made the US the laughing stock of the world.
Why so divisive, how about explaining why these measures actually help, who do they help? Being against a former president isnt governing!
PAPERWORK?! PAPERWORK IS ALL YOU CARE ABOUT?! IT'S NOT LIKE YOU'RE USING THE TIME ANY BETTER ANYWAYS
Sure have: #TrumpRussia, loss of insur for 24m, loss of envir protections, tax cuts for the rich, widespread collusion by Repubs. Shame on u
Gee thanks for making it easier to pollute rip off consumers and destroy wetlands! So 20th century of you. House majority Turtle. Shame.
McConnell is going to go down as a traitor to his country.
And one million Americans hurt. HYPOCRITE!
Yes, like hurting the environment and giving a free pass to CEOs.

Yes, Obama was honorable & served the constitution.  Trump is a lying traitor who serves #Putin. #Resign
Yeah, what ever.  Dems are idealist incompetent.  GOP are liars who do evil to the poor on behalf of the rich.
WHAT IN THE HELL ARE YOU EVEN TALK ING ABOUT?
Trump-Russia-gate is much WORSE than Watergate. History will remember you as a party-before-country Trump hack, rank hypocrite & traitor.
Need to see the Criminals indicted like HRC, Rice, VA admins that caused so many vets to die waiting on treatment!
24 million Americans fucked over
Seriously are you high?! What is wrong with you!?!
Hey, but don't drink the water...
Hey turtleface, check yourself into a nursing home while #Medicaid is still available.
LOL, yep, better hurry up because being a turtle face IS a pre existing condition!
You're healthcare sucks just like you. Go retire & take your Chinese mail order bride with you. #VoteOutGOPin2018
What kind of shit are you smoking or is it too much GOP kool-add.
You have not turned any corner. You need to let TRUMP know that HE WON HE IS PRESIDENT. SO ACT LIKE IT AND OWN IT.
You've got to be kidding. Your claim to fame is overturning legislation? You need to retire, you senile old bat!
And how many human lives put at risk?  Or don't those enter into your balance sheet?
And irreparable damage to the public's faith in the government that it is interested in America's clean water, fisheries, and breathable air
In less than 120 days you accomplished assistance in wrecking your Party and the Country and you smirk while doing it. Pitiful Dude you are.
Big fat liar
#TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Drop Dead Granma McConnell
Good job! Who needs regulations protecting the environment or consumers or to reign in Wall Street, etc.? Fuck the planet! Right, Mitch?
Turn for the worse, try doing some good for all Americans

Lets not forget that @SenateMajLdr had nothing to do with it
Polarizer
You have NO WAY of knowing that.
I like your corruption.  It looks good on you.
No loyalty or support to our President. Remove McCain from chairmanship of Armed Services Com & save our military
Oh?  Mitch, GOP continued denial y'all have Demented Nutcase in White House.
You are a liar. All you are doing is helping Russia
Yep Turtle, Democracy is on it's way out. Great Job! #RESISTANCE #impeachTrumpnow #86The45th
SENATOR MCCONNELL's mailbox is full and no one answers his phone. You need to listen to your citizens.
There is only one reason @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr don't want an independent prosecutor is that they are as guilty as trump.
More importantly you have colluded to turn the formerly democratic republic of the US into a tin pot dictatorship. Congratulations!
Yes, and it's largely the fault of treasonous Orwellian hypocrites like you.
You have made our world less safe, our environment more toxic with your toxic politics. Time for you to go. (4)
Thing is most Americans agreed with the policies. So this is not about America it is about your insatiable greed & hunger for power. (3)
Well you said @BarackObama would not pass any legislation and so you used an archaic rule CBRA to make it happen. (2)
The unprecedented action of rigging the game in your favor, so you could undo an entire Presidency (1)
Dont be ridiculous. You have not put any major legislation into law. You are calling it a healthcare bill but it is a tax credit for rich
Cite your sources.
& coal ash in our water, lead bullets, killing of wolf pups in their dens etc -- yeah sometimes what is in the regulation is more important
source?
Hey Mitch how about focusing on how a mobbed up thug is operating out of the white house. And you enable it.
yes we have, considering we now have a @POTUS in the process@of committing treason and turning the US into a dictatorship
If President Obama had fired Comey you would have held a trial with a special prosecutor. Repubs hair would have been on .  You crooks.
Repubs are covering up for Trump and his collusion and mental instability. Why? They are now complicit in crimes. We will vote them out.
KUSHNER GORKOV MANAFORT DERIPASKA SESSIONS ROSS PAGE FLYNN RYBOLOVLEV MAMMADOV KISLYAK NUNES PRINCE STONE REX TRUMP COLLUDING FOR AND POWER
Ya, it's the paperwork that matters, you Jughead. How's your wife's Trump job going? You do remember we pay your salary? Stop covering up.
That's what about 1yr of Trumps golf vacations to his resorts and hotels?
Thank U @POTUS for your leadership and thank you @SenateMajLdr & @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP 4 doing what we voted 4 U 2 do, enact @POTUS Agenda
and your poisoning our air our water and our world ow ya and it can kill us too
You have done nothing but sit on your hands as #TRUMP runs our country as an autocracy by writing executive orders. Legislation necessary
You did nothing. Trump's ignorance, jealousy and grandstanding did it. You are a sycophant follower of the outsize frightening ego in the WH
Millions soon to be uninsured...  priceless.  Somethings in life money CAN buy.  To deny those things anyway, there's Mitch (&GOP)
@speakerryan I am certain miners will appreciate their new healthcare you two crooks are pushing! Black lung? You're covered! #enjoyVacation
Luv it!
And oil companies can dump their toxins into waterways again. You old fool.
What does the #CBO say?
In a few short months you've sold your soul
You better step up and do the right thing . This is no longer R vs D . This is about the democracy of our country
