And all you had to do was blow up the Senate to get it done!
Did you feel the same way when Harry Reid used nuclear option under Barry???
Mitch, you explain it to her.
That's what I thought. Hypocrisy galore.
This was a supreme court nominee.  The other rule change was for lower court nominees.  There is a distinction, even if it is lost on you.
No, there really is not. It set precedent. Sorry if that part of law is lost on you.
Dems set precedent for partisan politics in 2013 and in pushing through Obamacare. Deal with it
You can point fingers to the past, but even small kids know 2 wrongs don't make a right.  So much for this admin hororing the Constitution.
Not saying 2 wrongs make a right. Just pointing out the hypocrisy. Gorsuch is a Constitutionalist, so he better represents the Constitution
than some of the other political Supreme Court Judges.
Do you see the blatant hypocrisy in your statement.  They circumvented the Constitution...to confirm a Judge that honors the constitution.
Yes, and the Dems set the precedent. Did you cry foul when Reid did the same?
Yes. I did. Also when they pushed though OCare.  Also Bengazi. Bergdahl.
Has he, .@SenateMajLdr? Or thanks to you is #Gorsuch now an illegitimate justice no one will trust on the Supreme Court?
Nominated by President 
Confirmed by Senate 
Legitimate Member of Court 
1) pres being investigated for stealing presidency w/ Russia, 2) Senate breaks rules to confirm, 3) most people voted dems for pres & senate

I see you're comfortable with a pres who lies and uses Russian propaganda to win. Regardless of party, I'm certainly not.
Not a question of being comfortable with it.  My discomfort is not how we determine what is a crime.
Well, in the clip you sent, even right wing nut Mukasey says it may be a violation of the Logan Act. There's also something called treason.
Treason is the only crime defined in the Constitution, there is nothing close to meeting the elements laid out.
You've dishonored Congress and taken away Constitutional checks & balances when they are most needed. Congrats. #VoteThemOut
to be fair Harry Reid and Dems used the nuclear option on lower court judges in 2013.
To be fair, this was a nominee put forth by an illegitimate POTUS who is currently under investigation. So bye now!

You are still despicable. This was a petty move by a petty man. To seat a controversial jurist.
This post from Amy Hunt is from a petty person. She needs to get on with life. Gorsuch is a fine man and will make a very good Sup Ct Just.
You will be remembered for putting your party before this country, and supporting this corrupt administration - count on it!
Lesson number one: Don't underestimate the other guy's greed! @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC  @SenateMajLdr
Thank you @SenateMajLdr for seeing this through; this confirmation means so much to millions--to the silent majority who voted 11/8/16
I think there should be less noise from you turtle
History will not treat you kindly. You're dishonest... a bought n' paid-for dirty dealer. If there's a hell, surely your place awaits you.
Not confirmed by the Senate, confirmed by your cheating.
Sad day for America
You will be remembered as the leader of the biggest heist ever perpetrated on the American people. History will question your integrity.
Only gym the Democrats.
Senator..Where are you on the present insane goings-on in DC. Evil where good men do nothing. The President is under fire! where are you?
If that doesn't reek of cheating and corruption...

We deserve a President who's honest do the right thing Mr. Ryan & stand with Democracy The majority of WE THE PEOPLE expect no less from you
You are proud of stealing this seat? You are a despicable man.
I guess his "inside joke" http://www.factcheck.org/2017/02/neil-gorsuch-didnt-start-fascism-club/ … is on all of us now as @potus continues 2 build his Reich helped by cowardly GOP #resist
And you have been confirmed as a thief of #MerrickGarland's seat.  Congrats man.  Live it up tonight.  You must be very proud.
It was never his.  Or did I miss his confirmation.....
How fitting he was sworn in by Justice Kennedy who was appointed in President  Reagan's LAST YEAR like #MerrickGarland should have been.
The seat didn't open in Reagan's final year. It opened the year before. You may want to Google "Robert Bork."
At least Bork got a hearing and a vote. There is no "cut off" date to nominate a Justice.  Shoe on other foot, GOP would be complaining.
First, Bork legitimately got smeared, they went so far as to use his video rental history against him, which was unprecedented.
So why didn't Senate have a vote on Garland and vote "no"? They could have blicked him. Bork was controversial, Garland a moderate.
Probably because Obama could have nominated someone else equally unacceptable. Wash, rinse, repeat.
Why would Obama nominate a Scalia clone? Garland WAS a consensus candidate. Prob why speaker didn't want a vote.
Consensus requires buy-in from both sides, there wasn't here. But then, the last 8-16 years have been bad for that from both sides.
You're going down in history as the turtle who destroyed America.
What in the Sam hell are you doing.  Stop this crap or are you wanting our president to be impeached.  Stand up or resigned .
Seriously, who keeps voting for you?!!!
Ok. So it's a stolen seat. You feel good about that?  Your day of suffering is coming.
The #Spineless #NoPrinciples @gop -now the #RussianRepubliskum party of #Treasonoustrump- #PowerBeforePatriotism
 #TheResistance
@SpeakerRyan Great! More guns. Less voting rights. Less women's rights. Less LGBT rights. Less workers rights. So proud
The Russia-Trump presidency is now the country’s agenda.
Thanks for fucking up  230 years senatorial bi partisanship.
You're a despicable human being
About time Republicans stood up to the Evil Dems!  Good Job keep the backbone strong!
this seat was stolen, and EVERY SCOTUS decision with Gorsuch on the bench is NOT. VALID.
Are you happy now, you'll finally get some sleep, no matter what the cost. We all know it was a long 8 years for you
#ImpeachGorsuch #ImpeachMcConnell #IllegitimateJustice
Not without cheating!
Time for you to stand behind the president.  He can't beat those dems by self and GOP nevertrumpers. But wait...thats you isn't it  TRAITOR
You need to go  -  like years and years ago!
Not really. You had to change the rules to get him in. He's an embarrassment, and so are you. You should be ASHAMED. #RESIST
All he cares about is getting paid but don't worry the we are going to get all the oligarchs out of both parties.
Sen. McConnell, your actions over the past 9 years have poisoned our political system and shredded faith in our process. #AmericaLost
He's a confirmed plagiarist too.
He is a fine man and will make a fine Justice. Get over your hatred for Trump and just get on with business, this is a done deal.
Yes its a done deal bc you don't care about all Americans just Republicans. Oh btw I am not a Dem.
Who said #Cheaters never win? #StolenSeat #NeverForget #GOPness
Stolen
So you've known all along that Trump was on the take?  Joked about the Russians paying him last year after we found out we were hacked?
No thanks to you Never Trumper ! Now you are trying to derail his agenda. @realDonaldTrump the people are watching. Dont trust this Insider
SEW THE WIND, REAP THE WHIRLWIND

Whatever, Douglas.
I guess it is understandable that you take pride in desperate action. Since your other point of pride is obstruction. Sad, sad little man.

@POTUS @vp @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr IMPEACHMENT, IMPEACHMENT, OH SWEET JESUS, PLEASE GIVE ME AN #ImpeachmentTrumpPence
Republican Senators recommend Obama #SCOTUS pick as FBI director? With friends like this who needs democrats?
Sold your soul, dude.
Soul?
GOP stealing again. Isn't there anything @GOP can do that isn't done by stealing, changing rules? Know this, GOP is dying.
The GOP is dying? Who won the Presidency the White House and the Congress? You really need to reconsider.
Raises I know this answer
Russia & Putin won the #2016PresidentialElection 

#Resist 
Vote @SenateMajLdr OUT in #2020
You lost ur soul. U have no morals
Senate hijacked by corrupt #GOP
I didn't hear all this crap when the Dems used the nuclear option.  Just another double standard.  Get over it.
The GOP spits on the system of checks and balances designed by the Founding Fathers.
disgusting. That seat belongs to Merrick Garland, who you blocked.
Why isn't McConnell being investigated for poor leadership?
You must be so pleased to ignore the constitution, be the first to not grant a hearing to a SCOTUS nominee, and secure it for the party
Your respect for the party over the country is unprecedented.  I assume you live a disconnected life of perks without regards to your voters
I totally agree with U
Congrats on going from the institutional defender of filibusters to the man who destroyed it. You sir are a hypocrite and not a patriot.
He is also the worst leader in the history of the United States.
That he is. He needs to crawl back into his shell and stay there!
Thank you.
Did he vote to kill an innocent man? Please check it out, then gloat some more if he didn't.
Jeezzzzz you crazy man, Senate losing credibility, how can you sleep at night, you hateful man.......
It should have been Garland's appointment you sleaze bag!
What you've done today is betray your country, you're time is running out
We need to start impeaching our Senators. They do not represent us anymore.
God help us all!
Way to insure further gridlock and divion this why the American working class think senate and house are a joke.?
I am trying to find out when you are having a town hgall.....
Enjoy the lie. The supreme court now has as much credibility as the republican senate. You broke both bodies.
Great legacy, hack!
@SenateMajLdr
You broke it, @SenMajLdr-now you will have to own it for the rest of time...you broke America -The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/mitch-mcconnell-the-man-who-broke-america/2017/04/07/8e12f1d8-1bbd-11e7-9887-1a5314b56a08_story.html?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.7cef39e73c1f … 
I will tell my grandchildren  and they will tell theirs who broke America. MCCONNELL.  A very greedy, selfish, incompetent unman.
We have a new president with approval rating at 35 %. We don't take him on frontally. We find issues where we can win, & we take him down,..
.. 1 issue at a time. We create an inventory of losses, so it’s Trump lost on this, Trump lost on that.
One good week does not a two term President make. See you at the ballot box.
Not good
Keep gloating ..  hell is warm.  Dress appropriately.
@SpeakerRyan his views will only be a detriment to the average working class American why don't you tell us that?
@IndivisibleTeam @Indivisible_KY3 You and your actions are repugnant. Ky and the nation are ashamed of you. #2020done #resist
STOLEN SEAT BY A KLAN OF LIARS!
SCREWED by corrupt @GOP
McConnell is the worst leader of house in history.We will all tell our children how he blocked investigations & destroyed our country. Shame
Supreme Court Injustice!
What a lousy leader we have!
"No majority leader wants written on his tombstone that he presided over the end of the Senate." Empty rhetoric? Guess so.That's all ya got.
But you truly are special, because you also presided over the end of the GOP. But you get to enjoy at least part of your last term.
"Patriotism means supporting the country and the citizens of that country not the President..."
Nice more 1% help for the 1%'ers and hell and death with no healthcare for the rest us. You are both well paid oligarch muppets well played
This includes you "Senator"
@Trump_Supporter I've had my reservations about you but I have to say job well done thank you
Changing rules to get your way!  Shame on you!  YOU continue to divide this country!
America hates you... in case you were wondering. #turtleface #goaway #youareout
Democrats will remember.
So you had to bypass the rules - meaning Gorsuch was not subject to the same process as the other justices. Sounds illegitimate.
So many new / fake accts supporting this destruction of our Democracy
I block anyone with deplorable in their name...it makes real people easier to hear.
That is an atrocity.
Mitch, you have proven that you have no respect for democracy, deliberation, or America.
Changed the rules and forced an undemocratic appointment pathetic like every thing you've ever done -
Judge Neil Gorsuch- Shame on you 4 believing Mitch proud! Our government is NOT functioning. Shame you'll know you're kinda sorta Justice 
Good job on holding dtrong to get Justice Gorsuch conf,

Biden rule Rules!
This is the biggest mistake and will have years of future repercussions.  Appalling.
You are no leader. You Re most likely a soulless collaborator with Russia. You are a traitor to American values.
I thought you said in 2013 that you thought the filibuster was a cherished Senate tradition. You flip-flop more than anyone in government.
You are such a hypocrite! Listen to your sound clips from when Obama tried to get Garland an upper down vote.

@SpeakerRyan you sir, are an enemy of democracy and the American people. You must be so proud of your subversion #resistance
#Complicit
https://twitter.com/stevecstny/status/850860840496627713 …
Crooked mcconnel is a traitor
Yep, most Americans are unaware of how McConnell has crippled govt for so long. https://twitter.com/Impeach_D_Trump/status/850743540212682753 …

Poll: 78% want independent Russia probe; 65% have some or lots of confidence in FBI probe; 40% for cong. probe.  https://www.scribd.com/document/348302118/NBC-WSJ-May-2017-poll … 
Government has eroded to a point that it's not working for the PEOPLE but only for a PARTY...stop being selfish and gloating about it!
Mitch got his hands in the Putin cookie jar!
And in the process, blew up the @GOP majority.  Patience.....
Nope, not valid confirmation. CONFIRMED CHEAT! Congratulation's though on your going home party next election! Invite 2018, come packed!

Thank you for saving the Supreme Court from the Marxists.
If only you didn't have to change the vote to get it done. I see you don't believe in the "Will of the People"... #RealFacts
are you complicit in Trump's "alleged" high crimes, and that's your reason to stand by, watch, and do nothing?
Yeah he is sitting in a stolen seat. 
Bad policy came from Reagan, including Gorsuch & his mother. Trickle-down killed middle class, dereg hurt all US citizens. nothing good here
How nice for Corporate America! You just love trampling the rights of the American people & you're so good at it!
Party over country McConnell @SenateMajLdr
Coward! Do your job, impeach Trump.
Now about that #Russian thing......
Congratulations, you vile partisan hack.
Where are Donald Trumps tax returns as promised?
#STOLENSEAT
Only because you changed the rules it confirms my feelings about dark money bought politicians, no morals, no ethics, just power at any cost
No worries. We will fix this when you are in jail. Don't panic Mitch!
@SpeakerRyan GOOD JOB, might be the best thing you have done in politics
@GOP @SenateGOP @TheKochBrothers #SCOTUS #McConnell #RobertMercer 
YOU ARE THE GREATEST THREAT TO OUR DEMOCRACY! #resist #theresistance
#gorsuch WAS NOT confimed by the Senate! He was ram-rodded through to fill a seat YOU stole by cheating! Karma will find you!
St a baby Mitch
The asterisk confirmation.
You are despicable. But you already know that.
great job
Congratulations and thank you for persevering throughout the ongoing Democrat tantrums!
