Civilians among 21 killed by US-led Syria strikes
So that means you will let him do whatever he wants without a war authorization from the Senate as the constitution states.
You need to make sure to get his domestic agenda passed! This President deserves your ironclad support, he's been fighting alone!
Exactly,  at least there is some positive movement.
Yes, it's about time! They need to support our President! Get the people's work done!
WHERE WERE YOU IN 2013 WHEN ASSAD GASSED 1400 AND OBAMA ASKED CONGRESS FOR AUTHORIZATION??
War the ultimate distraction!
GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.  KIND OF LIKE TALKING TO A KINDERGARDEN STUDENT.  HE DOESN'T HAVE A PLAN OR STRATEGY.  JUST KEEP SMILING AND PRETENDING
What's it like for you and ur whole family to live off Americans?
You are Putin's puppet, destroying America.
How about a commitment to doing your job as a check/balance against an insane, traitor in the WH?
Senator, Please help @POTUS work on homeland issues like infrastructure and the economy rather than starting WWIII.  Tnx,  A Citizen
And you were comitted to work against Obama. It just proves you are a racist and traitor to this country.
Obama not seeking congressional approval you would remove him from office .. when r u retiring
AFTER HE GETS A CHIN IMPLANT
Build the wall and start deporting illegals get behind are @POTUS and deport every illegal starting with California then Chicago etc
You rethugs are all so fucked up.
he's going to continue to act unilaterally and roll right over you.. way to abdicate the second branch of government. stooges.
Why not just use the secret plan to defeat ISIS in 30 days he claimed to have?
BECAUSE THERE IS NONE.  MAYBE REAL ESTATE DEVELOPER KUSHNER HAS SOMETHING
Americans first!! No DACA! No illegals! No sanctuary cities! All Americans deserve health care insurance!
and the American People are committed to Repeal and Replace the GOP from our government
@McConnellPress a collaborator who kept Russian interference from Americans! @gop is that desperate to win even if its with #Putins help!
What will you work with Trump to do exactly because US knows you (cite your ego-centric reference) & Trump are not bigger than US.
Your committed to fondling his nut sack! You are a poor excuse for a man let alone a Senator working for our nation. I hope you enjoy
Where were you over the last 8 years?  Oh ya, Obstruction Obstruction.  We have your number Mitch and we ain't taking anymore! #replaceGOP
You are professional CRIMINALS.  ASSAD Didn't do it.  You Republicans. Want to distract, Russian investigation. CRIMINALS!
I thought he had a secret plan, better than the generals. Y would u need 2 do any work on at all--unless he is a liar, & u r a collaborator?
Attack the Middle East some more to cause the continuation of radicalization against ourselves... wonderful plan!
Please give us term limits. People like you are around to long and get Washington tunnel vision.
Now that you have your nominee approved I think the public would be better served if  you committed to legislating #workacrosstheaisle
You need to work with President Trump on tax cuts in the infrastructure don't let him down don't let the American people down
if there's anyone less qualified than @realDonaldTrump for this, it's you. #resist
Does it hurt when you try to smile-pic looks like it was hard to squeeze one out.Must be hard w/ all that hate & dishonesty inside.
you are committed to Russia my man.  Party over country.  You are great at obscuring your intentions.  Really good
Separation of power. Not your job, Mitch.
Yea you should be committed - you have a lot of dishonest swamp collusion going on yourself.
You don't know jack, turtle. Sit back, shut up, and continue to cheat. Despicable
Neither of you know what to do right now anymore than a child.
The people you surround yourself with are incompetent and frauds. The trees are starting to fall
Wish u patriotically endorsed diplomacy, humanitarian aid & refugee asylum w/ the haste & passion you reserve for war.
McConnell hope ur voted out u didn't hide that u would never work w/Obama u made sure Rep followed & u r willing 2 help Trump #DISHONEST
Good thing u haveas POTUS so u can work withhim (instead of thatthat for sum reason was vry hard for u 2 support even onthe same issue)
And you will get a leader who will finish it. Bold actions, in measured steps works well- if you follow thru- like progressive discipline
what about the refugees? Who is committed to working in their behalf, you? Congress? 45? 
Prove it.
If you can win with the rules in place, just cheat.  IT's what the GOP does best. Cheats and liars.  Liar in chief.  #orangemcturd
The only thing you are committed to is destroying democracy and America.  Not that you care though at your age.
Can't we just use his secret 30 day plan? Or like all communiqués from the domestic terrorists you represent, are they deceitful empty lies?
Is there much money in it for you? Perhaps a chance to show some fake coward strength and feel just a little less impotent for a moment?
Why didn't you have this same approach and work with #44 on ISIS and Assad strategy? You are a supreme hypocrite. #resist #Russia
Wish you could have been so resolute in 2013.
And by "working with" you mean "colluding with" to fuck us all over.
Too bad he doesn't seem to want congressional input. Only Putins input matters to him. #tRumpRussia
No, you are committed to keeping his colon spic & span.
perfect you and trump protecting millionaires and billionaires interest while screwing the rest of the Americans ! PERFECT WTF
That's a vague "commitment ". Whether you do it or not, no one can observe it. They will have to rely on your word.
Yeah hardcore Mitch I bet you want to kill them all.
ISIS was supposed to have been destroyed in the first 30 day. This Congress does not know how to lead. Just a laughing stock bunch of fools.
Great, I'm sure that between the two of you, you can find a way to do the most harm to the greatest number of Muslims. Ass kisser!
When was Russia alerted and what time did the bombing take place ? How without congressional approval? This is not the way govt works
You are committed to working with him,AFTER he has made a decision without Congressional approval.He is not working with you #RussianPuppets
You're a boot licker. As long as you make money from the licks.
You and your ideas are too old school and your ideas if compassion & empathy are limited. Step aside
And you're proud of that?? Where was your commitment when Obama tried?
Let's be clear, the only thing you're committed to is fucking over everyone not rich and white.
You are committed to exhausting America with your lies and treason. Go away! Seen the #JobsReport #MAGA? #resist
Where was that support in 2013?
You're committed to anything that benefits you. Even if 24 million people lose their insurance, or if a 200 year old tradition is destroyed
He said he doesn't need you.  TRUMP said he alone would solve it. @GOP #LAUGHINGSTOCK
What's to develop? That sack of feces said during the campaign he had a plan to defeat ISIS in 30 days. So implement it.
you just do what daddy tells you...he gave your coal back
You only do that with Repub POTUS?
Good luck, meanwhile our democracy is failing at your hands. America can see your posturing for what it is. Bullshit. #PoliticalHack
Wow your faith and confidence in that man has been and continues to be unshaken!
Why bother. He said he'd be rid of ISIS in his first 30 days.
Pretty sure he said he wanted a PLAN in 30 days.
Wrong.
Work with POTUS?    Trying something new, I see.    Wouldn't have to do with his skin color would it?
Wag the Dog.
Endless fallacy. Keep the focus off of of collusion. #KeepUsInTheDark
Stay with simple majority on everything. This returns more pwr to ppl w/more pressure on senate elections
You all did not support Obama which is why we are here now.  Shame on each and every one of you for making America poor again.
Yes!
Gas wmd will never be allowed use without consequences. You play you pay with Mr Trump as we wave bye to 'leading from behind'
Unthoughtful lashing out is leading from the front? Who will he erratically fire rockets at next with no follow up plan?
Hey Urtle why weren't you committed to the same thing prior to Jan 20th?
You really like "nuclear" in any form, don't you, Turtle?
Trying to decide: who's the bigger dick? Putin or Mitch McConnell?
Is Con-gress waging war on Syria????
Go back to KY
y u doin hashtag isis lol
Let's hope you are out of office as quickly as he will be
- you mean that 30 day plan he implemented on January 21st?
Are you committed to steal more supreme Court seats?
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
And potus* violating the Constitution 
Way to go "Leader"
VOTE MCCONNELL OUT !!
Thank you Leader McConnell for your wonderful leadership and support!
Translation: I am committed to working with Russia
Let's get our Scotus today Mr McConnell!
Put Assad where the relatives of the sain can take care of him, and then walk away.
https://twitter.com/TPM/status/850331263835791361 … YOU are complicit in allowing Putin to have his hands on the wheel of our foreign policy! #Treason
Kushner left out meetings with Russian officials from security clearance docs http://bit.ly/2oIIHsd  


Do you agree with @realDonaldTrump's decision to attack Syria's airbases with 50 Tomahawk Missiles?
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/850306173245018112 … You KNEW Trump was being helped to win the election by http://Russia.YOU  CHOSE to cover it up!
Trump gave Russia heads up before military strike on Syria http://hill.cm/2m2CJ5C  
I am committed to throwing both of your sorry and crazy asses out of office.
Go away Mitch
I agree @SenateMajLdr

Use Your Voice!

Demand Independent Investigation

#TrumpRussiaCoverUp 

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

This is not normal!
You're a tool Craig.
A tool of the resistance and America democracy.
