This may have been avoided if the nation had common sense gun laws in place. Please put your prayers where the laws are.
This may have been avoided if MSM didn't distort information and encourage hatred and derision! Nothing to do with the weapon of choice!
AGREED. Now tell us why Trump & Kushner are partnering in the pursuit of a $2 billion contract for new FBI Headquarters? POTUS or investor?
I pray for them also. I am glad they have health insurance to cover their injuries and I pray they don't take ours always. Amen
They won't have to take it from you!.... you'll be loosing it shortly!!  Osham'acare  is FAILING!! WHERE HAVE U BEEN?
Could fix it if they wanted 2. More important 2 give 1% another tax break so they get!more of that warm feeling watching the trickling down.
Didn't realize you sat in on the DRAFTING of this! Or MSLSD feeding you NOTHING BURGERS? Tax Breaks will benefit all contributors..@.*
U keep right on thinking U have NO homeless or people living on the edge. Jesus says "treat the least of your brethren as u would treat me"
Nobody said there wasn't people living on the edge WE are all living on the edge because of numb nuts Obama....  HELLOOOO!!
Yeah it's ALL Obamas fault. Not bogus war #41got us in. Rt h8s anybody who doesn't"t measure up to their fake patriotic crap &dares 2? them.
Trump is sabotaging ACA! That is not Fair! We are not stupid! Don't let it Fail or we all Fail. Don't Kill ACA!
Praying for them too! Gun violence the real terrorism of this country.
MSM and left encouraging hatred and derision is the REAL terrorism in this country. That is root of problem NOT weapon of choice
"knock the crap out of 'em. I'll pay for the legal fees" and then this
That person was attacked first!  Provoked! Give me a break! People say wrong things all the time. 1 statement does not make a person
http://www.mediaite.com/online/trump-tells-crowd-to-knock-the-crap-out-of-protesters-offers-to-pay-legal-fees/ …
Was an off the cuff comment in response 2aggressive bullies. Blown out of purportion by media.
prayers that you someday wake up with courage enough to be truthful about POTUS disaster.
Your prayers? To what god do YOU pray? Beelzebub? Prayers, my ass! You're not capable!
Yep, no purgatory for you because you're going straight to HELL !! How much did Russia pay you? Millions!! You are a DEMON!
We, Americans, REBUKE you Satan McConnell!!
Where is your voice our senators need to back our president you're letting Schumer look like he's running the Congress do your job
So now let's help our still standing @realDonaldTrump ! The one the shooter didn't kill but wants badly! Come on Mitch! Do something!!

You are committing genocide by withholding payments to insurance providers so they'll drop coverage! You asked to be exempt from your ACHA!!
To bad you don't care about all those who will lose their insurance due to your efforts to destroy ACA. You should burn!!!
He will get there. #hellbound
you still have no soul
Mitch McConnell prays for Scalise BUT IS FINE KILLING 42,000 PPL PER YR BY DESTROYING ACA TO FUND $765BILLION TAX CUTS FOR WEALTHY ONLY
Do they have health care?
Please, Sen. McConnell! Get something, or better yet, everything done for our country! It's the only way to shut this hatred by Dems down!!
Shut up.  You're part of problem!  Americans know you and GOP are a bunch of dirty dogs!  You don't give a damn about the people. #2018
He could've used a knife, ax, anything. Left violence not so called "gun violence" is the root cause. Left will use anything to push agenda!
Between you, Ryan, Trump, Sessions and Gorsuch Why could you not even keep your colleagues safe? Because the NRA pays you to obstruct.
So much of this is your fault. Your hateful, divisive rhetoric.
If any of you really cared about anything but your own hides, we wouldn't be in this position. Sanctimonious jerk
Now that the mentally ill see the GOP as the target of oppression it is not time to remove mental healthcare benefits.
Wish ur humanity extended to twenty six yr olds BLOWN APART at Sandy Hook. BABIES who left home weighing 30lbs, buried with 6 lbs of remains
Time to fight democrats hate to republicans
Sen. you know this is a tactic by the left to slow down senate progress do not let that happen you should be inspired to work faster.
Also my prayers are for them. my thanks that they are all fully insured and no one was threatening to take healthcare away from any of them
You better stop undermining the President & we the people. We chose him & you stop trying to find way 2 get rid of him. Work with 2 #MAGA.
Amen
SO YOU CAN SPEAK Where have you been the past months of this bogus investigation has been going on The people will not forget your silence
U own senate house&presidency&yet we're on fast track to impeachment. HOW! U guys so stupid. Dems are laughing their ass off
GOOD!   NOW #MAGA
They don't need your prayers, Mitchypoo, they need an apology. You could have delivered the gun control that would have stopped this.
@SenateGOP  Show us the health care bill. You want unity? People, not party.
You need to provide better gun laws and more affordable healthcare (maybe by improving the #ACA instead of destroying it) to avoid this crap
So grateful Steve will recover. #PrayForSteveScalise  Pray for all the people injured in this terrible incident #ThankYouLawEnforcement
You can't impose thoughts from rich people on healthcare on our poor society! It won't work!
You claim preexisting conditions will still be in the health bill but you are not saying at what price poor people will pay for itWont work!
I have a feeling you're thoughts are on how you can continue to screw we the people.
After you finish praying, make sure that mental health care is required coverage in EVERY insurance plan & say yes to controls on AR guns
There have been 27,820 total incidents of U.S. gun violence so far in 2017 - an average of 168.6 per day.
Aren't you the ones trying to take their benefits and ins away. Shame on you. Are you going to stick it out with Trump?
@SenateMajLdr YOU brought this on with your partisan trashing of our government! This blood is on YOUR hands! Make non mistake!
It is time end The Russia lie-Why R U playing into their Hans by going along  Costing Taxpayer for foolish liberal s -never satisfied
Why don't you be a leader and allow these folks to concealed carry instead of worrying about a "Thin Blue Line?"
mcconnel, when r u going to say #awanbrothers?  elections r around the corner
Prayers, butget your people moving.@SenateMajLdr  8 years senate sat around Dirty Harry ! American conservatives want you tochange senate!
U promote violence due  2 race, religion, sexual orientation and now political view - u had no sympathy 4 other Victims- fake concern now
The left is the toxic doctrine that accelerated hatred, Antifa their so called resistance ! Political terrorism
A bot says what?
Left metal illness !
01100110 00100000 01110101 00100000 01110010 01101111 01100010 01101111 01110100 00100001
Here's a suggestion for Congressional baseball game: co-mingle the teams instead of Dems vs GOP
Because prayers work so well. Ummm no.  Laws work. Do you damned job turtle-boy
If you allow Mueller to go after POTUS, neither my family, friends, colleagues nor I will ever contribute to another GOP candidate again!
Your prayers are no good ! We need the Brady bill back.
Mitch - do you actually read your twitter feed?

Lt. Richard Collins III WAS MURDERED a 25 min drive from Capitol by "alt-Reich" garbage. @RepChrisCollins said nothing. None of them did. https://twitter.com/politico/status/874998756399337472 …
Disgust for tRump using this to promote "unity", meaning he needs too many votes to pass the SECRET VERSION of his health care disaster.
Hopefully they still have health care no thanks to you & GOP.
I wish the right would just let Obamacare die ! Their bill their frigging mess, and they don't give a shit to help !
U R NOT MATCH 4 #DNC - as sick as they  R - they take America by STORM 4their PPL until America hears their CRY! ENTIRE @GOP UNFIT 4PWR! @VP
Hopefully the politicians representing our country will start making a real effort to get along and MAGA!!!
God bless all those injured! God bless America!!
Give him a gun then run to God when he uses it.  Ain't that bouta bitch?
Need to stop the incessant attacks on @POTUS stop the public hearings get work done. Call off the Special Prosecutor. It's fueling this.
and your trumpcare
as much as you HATE and LIE, since when do you pray!  Your tax plan will kill us all.
Too bad there's nothing tangible that can be done to prevent this type of tragedy...that's what the NRA has paid you to say, right?
@AndreasOpinions thanks to your horrible decisions people continue to get shot! What is it going to take? Do what is right for this country!
Shitcago
Man woman child vegetable or mineral ....whatever you are, GO BOTHER SOMEONE ELSE WITH YOUR STUPIDITY! Not interested!
Well the strongest gun laws arein Illinois themost corrupt state next toNY. And RI but itis still a war zone. Illinois does notgive a shit!
Gangs and crimininals get their guns no matter what!
@AndreasOpinions you & the rest of the GOP are playing with peoples lives every single day with your decisions! How fragile was life today?
Shitcago
Actually, gun laws are irrelevant! Democrats fueling hate and revolutionary violence!Attacking speakers at colleges, rallies! Fomented hate!
Conservatives in Congress praise heroic officers for preventing a massacre. Liberals in Congress want to hang painting of officers as pigs.
The left&Dems supporters are emboldened to fight Trump& GOP on all levels! Do nothing GOP makes them think its working! Prayers to all hurt!
You could do your job to keep the American people safe and healthy or pray about something that was preventable.
The guy was a hateful toxic piece of crap with a legal gun! Pushed by hate from social media,and fake media and the democraps Party Resist!
Guns don't kill people, politicians who don't pass guns laws do!
Looks like Karma bit someone in the ass
USE 51 VOTES FOR NEW FBI DIRECTOR IMMEDIATELY WHEN TRUMP PICKS A GOOD ONE!
If THIS doesn't prompt you to get a tough REPUBLICAN FBI DIRECTOR IN PLACE IMMEDIATELY...I DON'T KNOW WHAT WILL! DO YOU SEE MCCABES REACTION

At least 2 shootings today. 27,791 gun incidents in 2017.

But @SenateMajLdr got $1,261,874 from @NRA, so doesn't even mention gun violence https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr/status/875044181571506180 …
Shitcago! Look it up and look up their gun laws!
How do we know this isn't a hoax?
Ur prayers may be with the Cap.Pol. & 1st responders, but ur hands r in the till, ur heart is with the KKK, & ur allegiance is with Russia.
That's rich coming from someone who will be killing millions when they lose their insurance.

Stop sending your 'thoughts and prayers.' 

Maybe work on your 'logic and science' and stop being such huge asshole morons all the time.
Please ban all white men from Illinois from entering D.C.
Why don't you replace your prays with COMMON SENSE GUN LAWS!!! That might make these poor people actually feel better. #emptyprayers
First responders, civil servants, all of them. And you cut their jobs and benefits at every opportunity. #hipocrite
Do more than pray.  Try to mend this nation.  Bring your health bill out of secret.  Work with everyone to build a workable health care plan
You only care because it was one of your own.
“No one wants terrorists to be able to buy guns or explosives. No one,”Mitch McConnell. Okay for crazy old white men to buy. Reap what U sow
You defile the sentiment by sending your "prayers".  Sickening hypocrite. Werent u 1 to oppose assault rifle ban?
Ucan't scream"fire"n crowddtheatre!'resist'=dom terrorism spewing hate!Cnn propaganda nALL airports! Repub Prty could've been wipedout 2day!
Not your usual "All we need is more guns" response. Worried that you're next in line due to your shameful attacks on the poor?
Are you the next frigging left wackadoodle to use a gun against McConnell? What are you ?
STOP LEFTS perpetuating lies abt Pres freely elected & faux Mueller-Clinton Attys investigation that has No merit & perpetuates HATE!
While you're at it, pray for gun control.
Meanwhile people are being shot and dying because some unstabe person has a gun. Blood on your hands.
Our city just had a gun show. How many semi automatic weapons were sold? I chose not to participate. Im proud not to be that type.
U don't give a damn! Stop lying!
It's great the Senator has healthcare
POTUS told people to take up their 2nd amendment rights to solve problems.   Aren't you glad they listened?    #TraitorMitch
Your lack of gun legislation makes you complicit.
You and this president have stoked the flames of anger and rebellion. You've successfully created fear and uncertainty #guncontrol
After the last 6 mos. the left hasthe award for wackadoodles ,rioting,vandalism ,violence,Antifa,antisemitism, the leftresistance playbook.
Paid rioters, colleges denying free speech, divisive Lying fake media, left politicians not doing or saying a thing about it!
They the left arecausing political terrorism because their BS rhetoric isthe only beliefs theywant tohear! Disgustfor people who livea lie!
Neither a wall nor a travel ban would have stopped this shooting...but better gun control may have. If you really care then start fixing...
Gun legislation would help.
God helps those who help themselves.Praying is good but sometimes God takes a while to respond. How about making guns harder to get hold of?
hopefully not just your prayers are with the Alexandria victims, but your gun control legislation, too. #GunControlNow
Congress just took $$$ from the gun lobby and removed mental health  requirements and gun safety laws - Maybe you should reconsider.

This is the result of ur wars of aggression against innocent ppl in the ME.Against Americans here @ home.U R at fault.
Home-grown terrorists!
Enough with the peayers. Time to go pro active. Internment camps? Political prisons? I think we're here.
Hope victims recover. Hope some Democrats support new government as result. Pass new laws to protect ALL gov't officials + strong punishment
Looks like our Dems are now willing to kill us all
All time new low.
Make sure they get nowhere in next election
Then how about some action on the Presidents agenda and investigation of Democrat incitement to violence?
It seems that what you are doing is really pissing people off when you go from protests to shootings.
Must not have served in the military. Could barley hit anybody.
The turtle then  hid in  his shell.
Ridiculous!Hes offering prayers!Gun control is not what this is about!But keep trying!
Keep safety at the forefront may God protect, guide and safeguard everyone. Let us bond together in prayers in our families and communities
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
it's time to pass National Carry Laws, even Senators should be able to protect themselves.
Then give them access to affordable healthcare.
If not, you're a murderous terrorist. 
#NoTrumpcare
#SinglePayer
your weak and corrupt leadership is part of this Leftist idea that murder is acceptable if you don't agree.
More guns. It happens everyday in America and you do nothing
Shitcago
Discourse must change pray for us all!
That oughta show them. #FAIL #WhiteWingPolitics #alexandriashooting #TrumpRussia #TrumpCareFailure #ImpeachTrump #FIREsessions #Resistance
Baseball game should be played but NOT Dems vs GOP, instead play nonpartisan teams like East Vs West
A GOP-er claiming to pray. Now that's a good one. Almost fell out of my chair laughing!
.@potus @gop Domestic Terrorists? ISIS? Bernie Socialist? Obama BLM? Democratics? Hillary Progressives? Holder Fast Furious Guns?
He has an excellent health plan so he won't worry about copays, in network bennies. Meanwhile you're working to take away HC from Americans.
Why don't you move on with the agenda to show your support? Cause that's what guy was trying to stop
Mine too - now, what about some much needed gun control?
Prayers??? That's all you have? Prayers??? LEGISLATION FOR DUMMIES!!!
Fight back against the resistance movement/ Dems blood on their hands/ stop capitulating to corrupt democrats/ praying all harmed/love GOP
Potus has blood on his hands! Wake up gop. Impeach!!
No shoutout to @TheGoodGodAbove ??? Come on he was all over that!!
Still supporting automatic weapons????? Hits home now..WAKE UP!
I bet you still don't have the balls to stand up to the NRA.
Horrific attack on Congress is extremely sad. Maybe now the Republicans will stop kissing NRA butt. Must have been terrifying to be hunted.
Dems & media in 2016:  Trump must accept election results!!!
Dems & media in 2017:  F*****k election results!!!
Libs have been pushing violence since 2016: DNC hired goons to incite violence, Antifa, Julius play, Griffin, Madonna, DeNiro, The Wire
What's in the healthcare bill?
Our prayers are also with those who will suffer and DIE because of the horrific "healthcare" bill you're plotting in darkness.
Time to consider gun control legislation?
Please stop all these nonsense but destructive Russia hearings. Unite GOP to facilitate the @POTUS agenda!
Every time we have a mass shooting you pray about it, while your hands are bloody from the money you accept from the NRA.
Sad day should not of happened Trump quit your hate and embrace America  and work to get all the hate settled down from both parties
What I'd really like to say about your "prayers" cannot be printed.  Let's have gun control instead, Leader McBribe.
With Blood On Their Hands=GOP colluding with Dems/Deep State/MSM 2 create a feeding frenzy 2 destroy Trump with zero evidence.
While this incident was horrible. This is the America you and your Republican colleagues have created with your second amendment nonsense.
Didn't you vote to loosen gun control laws may want to rethink that.
Direct result of GOP colluding with Dems/Deep State/MSM 2Create chaos/psychosis 2 delegitimize Trump with NO evidence of crime
You are the leader of the GOP. Start acting like it! Take the narrative to the business of the American ppl! Stop the hate campaign!
Your prayers are vain words.
This is terrible sir, when can we have a frank discussion on gun reform
You can't be diagnosed crazy if you don't go to a doctor! Shitcago!
please find a way to meet in the middle on meaningful gun control - no one wants these incidents to keep happening!
Prayers. Appreciation. Catch phrases.
You are the worst senate majority leader in history.

Your hollow words don't make America safer.
Agree, he is not a leader. He's king of of obstruction.
Your words are as empty as your brain #2018isComing
stand with trump drain the swamp before more crazy do this because CNN brainwashes them.
Haha! Drain the swamp? He's overflowed it! Wake up & see what's really going on! He's filled it w wall st millionaires & billionaires!
I highly prefer that rich people go into government rich, rather than have poor go in and then leave rich.
Thought and prayers, Mitch.  Thoughts and prayers.  No gun control legislation, just thoughts and prayers. Total fucking #NRA sellout. Sad!
@GOP @SpeakerRyan & Mitch, u gotta appreciate the irony that an AR-15 toting, 66 yr old, rural white guy, your core voter shot @SteveScalise
Not a scary Muslim. Not a scary Mexican. Not a scary black guy. A white, rural, senior that u let buy an AR-15 to shoot your friend. #Karma
