
that would be forging new territory. You better pace yourself.
But I want to know what is next for a #MitchSwitch?
@McConnellPress @uscapitol  - Please ensure that all Cabinet picks are fully vetted before confirmation hearings begin.
@McConnellPress @uscapitol did even miss you.  You haven't done a damn thing in 8 years except hone your lying skills.
How about you guys try working full work weeks, and as many days and weeks like the rest of us?
"get back to work for the American people" my ass MR. HYPOCRITE!! Turn about is fair play! @realDonaldTrump
You bet it's about time...you've been paid for the last 8 years of vacation! Hopefully soon you'll be laid off!
" Get back to work?" Is that what you call it?  U R there to destroy the American people! Not help us! Repeal us!
Get together with Mr Trump
you worked last year? Last I checked we've had a Supreme Court vacancy since March
BACK to work FOR the American people? Hell, when are you gonna START? We've been waiting. In vain.
Indeed.  You only worked 110 days last year.  Would be nice if we all got paid what you got paid for not working.
You mean you're back to work destroying the country and the American people. You're a disgrace & despicable person.
Will you work for this American, and ensure that church and state are kept entirely separate? #1stAmendment
all of us or just your favored 1%???
When was the last time you did any work on behalf of the American people?
Since you did almost no work for the last eight years it will be quite a change
Obamacare repeal could cost Kentucky 45,000 jobs, study says

you have never worked for the American people. Only your self serving ambitions. Your time is running out.
Because the 114th Congress worked so little?  Maybe?
It's past time. @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP have had nearly a solid 8 years on the disabled list. Disabled by hate. @SenateMajLdr @uscapitol
That'll be something new.
doing your job would be great. you all give youself raises. but will not raise the minimum wage.  that is wrong
Yes, "get back to work." You must be very rested after your eight-year paid holiday paid for by we the people. @SenateMajLdr @uscapitol
The only work you've done for years is obstruct and delay. Now you want to swell the deficit. Go back to no work.
You are a despicable hypocrite with respect to Supreme Court nominations.  The nation has a memory.
you should be ashamed of yourself. please stop this partisan nonsense against the ACA.
why now, you haven't for the last 8 years?
Explain to Public HowTrump Praising Russia & Defending them "Make America Great Again" While Maligning US Intel?
How do you have the brass to complain about anyone blocking a #SCOTUS nomination? #Hypocrite
Refusing to investigate an attack on the USA by a foreign power makes YOU guilty of TREASON.
you are the worst. how dare you criticize any dem for talking about blocking a SCOTUS pick. Hypocrite
Senator, it's clear POTUS-elect is prepping you to leave the back door open for the Russians to sneak in. Anything happens its on you!!
yawn
I feel slimy just from tweeting you
use the Holman Rule to cut ur pay to $1 you piece of slime Little rule added while trying to cut the ethics dpt
You haven't worked in 6 yrs. Only obstructed. @CharlynKent ,T.co/Ub03CWsteo
as an American I'm quite happy to see any nominee for Supreme Court denied indefinitely - karma is a bitch!
Pushing through Trump's sleazy Cabinet appointments is not "on behalf of the American people".It's to deceive them!
Get back to work? What have you done? Nothing except stonewall the nomination of a Supreme Court prospect.
Reject reinstating $1.00 Federal Wage...Only Fascists punish employees for disagreeing with them.
You haven't done anything on behalf of the American people in 8 years. Why start now?
I think your Supreme Court nominees deserve the same courtesy you afforded Merrick Garland.
Don't forget about the 65% of #Americans that didn't vote for the #orange one.
HYPOCRITE!!
working only for swamp 1% friends. #impeachmcconnell
TREASON. You'll be guilty of it if you don't pursue why a foreign government hacked and propagandized our election.
Confirmation Hearings set up unfairly. Ramming these people thru. 4 witnesses. How partisan of you. NO to Sessions!
You have Reid of NV for NOT being able to stop Cabinet picks. #NVSENATE #REID #REIDNV
U r  the biggest HYPOCRITE. shame on U. Ur candidate didnt win .Russia did. She won 3millions over.#notmypresident
"Get back to work?" When did you start?
please do not use the term "American people" when only referring to Republicans.  The majority thinks otherwise!
McConnell says" only GOP can Obstruct the Nomination of Supreme court. I'm certain that's right"
Why start now? Take another 4 years off.  It worked great without you. @SenateMajLdr @uscapitol
No meetings on SC appointment this year and @HouseGOP said if Hillary won 8 was enough. Hypocritical 4 sure.
really??
it was time for that 8 years ago buddy
And I hope you, Mr. McConnell, & all of Congress will work together for all of the American people--bipartisan!
Yes! Time to get back to work! You've only had the last 8 years off while you were blocking everything POTUS did.
My thoughts on Mitchy boy, @SenateMajLdr, blocking the S.C. nominee for 293 days while bellowing about the Dems doing the same.
It is going to thrill me to NO END to watch the Dems obstruct you and your scummy party the way you did to Obama.
well what about "work" for the people in Kentucky?? Or nah??
you are an absolute joke. All you have done is obstruct and enrich yourself at our expense.
I'm trying to think of the nastiest thing I could say to you. So many possibilities.
get back to work? You haven't done any work in the past 8 years except obstruct...
2.84 mil more of the American People wanted the Dem agenda. You don't believe in democracy?
I find it ironic that you call @SenSchumer an obstructionist with 9 plus months under your belt for @Scotus.
Traitor
@gov @uscapitol 

Oh are you finally going to do some work after eight years of doing NOTHING!
it's time for the American people to work on making sure you get removed
WHY have you resisted forming a select committee to investigate Russian interference in the election? I can guess!
When did you ever work on behalf of the American people? #MerrickGarland #StandWithPP #Obamacare
You haven't worked on our behalf the last 8 years. Obstructionist! #proveotherwise
8 year paid holiday must have been nice.  Dick.

Welcome back to the larger and much greener swamp all you #Sleestak @uscapitol
You would make a bettter Russian, you should pack your bags and go move in with Puktin
You do not represent the American people when you put your opinions before the needs of the American People
Back to work after 8 years of not working
I am an American, and I don't think you are doing your job very well.
you mean...how can I line my own pockets, you slimey piece of traitor shit!
.@SenateMajLdr @uscapitol you have NEVER acted on behalf of the American people.
If you really want to work on our behalf, investigate the Russian hacking!
Let's get you to a Dr. because clearly you've forgotten how much you didn't do on our behalf #SCOTUS #McLoser
Your human skin-suit is a little loose.  Time for a tailoring, both inside and out.  Look in a mirror, Mitch.
where have you been the last 8 years??? You have no intention of working for the American people !!
you don't work on behalf of anyone but yourself, you hypocritical rhinoceros puzzle.
why is your Supreme Court pick better than Obama's, prejudice to black and http://democrat.you  embarrass republicans,USA
you haven't worked in 8yrs except to stop every thing" you" didn't like,you forgot about what "we " wanted.
Take a long walk off as short pier; Obstructionist!
please protect my Healthcare insurance and keep the ACA intact.
Get back to work? Don't you have to have started something to actually get back to it?
or in your case on behalf of your self.
because you've been sitting on your hands for 8 years trying to block @BarackObama at all costs? good job, #idiot
shame on you!!! You haven't worked on behalf of the American people in about 8 years!!  You are not a public servant! Greedy!
We will encourage all dems to stand up to right wing extremists  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/mitch-mcconnell-merrick-garland-supreme-court_us_586d6720e4b0c4be0af2bd3a …
The last thing the GOP cares about is the American people.
Why start now? You ignored your job for the last eight years.
You can't go BACK to work when you've done nothing but OBSTRUCT for 8 years!
Don't you mean on behalf of big business and Wall Street? Shame on you. Stick you head out of your shell turtle man
Get back to work?YOU refused to hold hearings & there is NO Biden Rule. YOU should resign!!
You need to stop Trump from messing up this country even more than you have. You owe this country.
you are a traitor to our country
Where is your humanity?
it's the new year,  and it's never too late to start.
do you ever feel ashamed of yourself
do you ever laugh and look down on us plebians to know what a ruse of spin and newspeak you run?
do you ever wonder what it's like for real Americans who have to compromise and do their job?
Are you actually going to work for the next 4 years or just continue to waste America's time like you have the last 8?
But will you cry and whine if the Democrats don't work with you just like you've done for the last 8 years.
Right, because you haven't done your job for years with an ounce of ethics or patriotism. The American people are aware!
Expats vote en masse. please alter tax code. we are treated unfairly. Un-American! Unlike other countries. Voters.
Please stop taxing expats. We not able to utilize host country's incentives, unfair,un-American. Only US does this.
Dear sir, please change tax code. Expats working abroad are double taxed. Have to file twice: expensive.
HYPOCRITE!!!!
please.... Keep your head down and keep working hard for us.... Lol... You have no idea, how to get what we need.
you haven't worked for the American people on 8 years
Then do so by confirming the #SCOTUS nomination of Mr. Garland from properly elected current President @BarackObama
Liar
Did you have a nice 8-year break?
Great idea! You can start by not stripping us of our health insurance, esp when you don't have another plan.
Well it would be nice if you actually DID some work. Haven't seen anything but obstruction on your part.
You mean on behalf of your greedy self & your greedy wealthy donors.
Senate Hypocrisy Leader.  Refused to confirm Garland w/yr left of pres term. 

http://www.thedailybeast.com/cheats/2017/01/04/mcconnell-we-won-t-tolerate-dems-blocking-scotus-nominee.html?via=desktop&source=copyurl …
MITCH MCCONNELL IS A CRIMINAL! LOCK HIM UP!
Time to get back to work?You mean time to obstruct?  No SCOTUS for http://you.How  you like payback? Karma.
293 You held up Garland for 293 days and you have the balls to warn Dems about obstructing SCOTUS nomination?! #shameful 
You haven't worked for the people for decades, Mitch. Please retire before you FUBAR America.
No new Supreme Court nominations! Dems should block you for next 4 years
If u wanted to mend wounds and depoliticize SC picks, u would ask T to nominate #MerrickGarland. You're partisanship sickens.
Get back to work? The way you've been "working" to obstruct Obama? May the Dems have the same work ethic.
That would be change over last 8 yrs, Supreme Court ? What goes around comes around.Hypocrite
@McConnellPress @uscapitol u mean back to work for the republican agenda .  U don't care about the majority vote .  Hubris
You DONT value political pluralism Mich, you value a 1 party fascist kleptocracy! @NYDailyNews @fawfulfan @nytimes
remember the rest of us while you're there. Americans means all of us, not just the far right.
snake
http://m.dailykos.com/story/2017/01/03/1616722/-Dear-Congressional-GOP-Don-t-Say-You-Weren-t-Warned-including-by-your-own-experts?detail=email&link_id=8&can_id=11463aa18c65382d56ac31ffba570bcc&source=email-as-god-is-my-witness-ive-no-idea-what-to-do&email_referrer=as-god-is-my-witness-ive-no-idea-what-to-do&email_subject=as-god-is-my-witness-ive-no-idea-what-to-do …
BTW @SenateMajLdr, you don't get to complain about any refusals to hold hearings on Putin's #SCOTUS noms. 

Oops ... Trump. I meant Trump! 
you are a traitor to our country!
Just remember....2.4 million more Americans voted for the Dems.
On behalf of the ppl my ass. You refused to do your jobs & hear the POTUS nom & now expect full cooperation?
Obstructing and not doing your job is hardly 'working on our behalf',you hypocrite. We won't forget. #BadTurtle
You are a hypocrite for the AGES.
You mean, back to work for corporate interests, and to hell with people??
@McConnellPress @uscapitol So you're planning on getting back to work for the American people now?! U didn't for 8 yrs!
When were ever working on behalf of the American people?
oh u finally want to work u haven't done anything in 8 years but vacation but now u can make money on the side EVIL
What work have you guys done? You obstruct and miss votes but still get paid. We want our money back.
It's called Public Service. Your actions the last 8 years indicate you thought it was Public Obstructionism. Nyet.
You nasty lizard-faced man. You disrespect Obama and obstruct his SCOTUS pick but you expect respect. Despicable!
you mean on the behalf of the 1%#scumbagMCconnell  #stopthebullshit
Dear Mr.McConnell!
I'm a republican voter and would like to wish all republicans Happy and healthy New Year.
@McConnellPress @uscapitol
you SHOULD get back to work for the people, but all you know is obstruction and deception.
i cannot believe you are against looking into the Russian hack.  What kind if American are you. Stop playing politics.
suspend the filibuster rule!!!!!!
I got news for you the American people will stand with the dems not put anyone in the supreme ct for 4 years
and you get the best FREE Health Care in America THIEVES LIARS
I would say it's time you went back 2 work u haven't 4 the past 8 years & only work 2 months a year
your rotten! The American people simply will not tolerate Democrats blocking Trump's SCOTUS nominee. #hypocrite
Umm "get back to work" would imply that you worked recently, and all of America knows you haven't worked in 8 yrs.
What do you mean "get back"...  You've spent the LAST EIGHT YEARS doing NOTHING BUT OBSTRUCT the will of the people
On behalf of your rich donors, against the average American.  #resist

1-ashamed of GOP expanding staff ability to harass anyone w/ subpoena or "stop and question" "... so sad so sad"


If you want to do something to better America, then resign.
you haven't worked in 8 years. Give your paychecks back. #NoMandate
you guys have been the most worthless politicians with all the obstruction you committed. We see right through you
I see you said people. Please remember that is not big corporations & wealthy. 99% of us are GOP-forgotten. @uscapitol
Ironic because you spent the last 8 with your thumbs jammed up your backside!
should have been working all along.
TAPEWORM.
where were you eight years ago ,I thought you was hired to serve the American people, Smh!
.@SenateMajLdr Why are you so complacent  about about Russian involvement in US politics? Your own disregard for truth? Avarice? Hate USA?
Would be refreshing if Congress would work for the people. They have refused to for 8 years. Unacceptable.
You are the biggest hypocrite on the planet.  America does not tolerate YOUR blocking of SCOTUS.
