.@McConnellPress @SenateMajLdr "friends on the other side decided early on that they did not want to engage with us" pot meet kettle
.@McConnellPress @SenateMajLdr you said the night b4 election that u will spend the next 4 years obstructing anything @HillaryClinton pushed
.@McConnellPress @SenateMajLdr @HillaryClinton
.@McConnellPress @SenateMajLdr @HillaryClinton
.@SenateMajLdr @HillaryClinton McConnell hasn't flinched since announcing hours after Scalia's death that Senate will delay process
I hope your understanding what your supposed to be doing now. #MediCareforall
As a KY girl I would like to ask why you hate the ACA? KY benefits from the ACA more than many other states. Why are you working against us?
The only people Obozocare helps is the ones that get a taxpayer subsidy. Hard working middle class like me get higher premiums/deductibles
Let's make sure you are clear on this #MediCareforall
Take away Congress' GOLDEN TICKET of bailout for #Obamacare 
Start w/ McConnell who didn't do enough to repeal it
You are NOT a leader

Join the rest of the world & stop taking money from Big Pharma & insurance companies! Repeal? Even more people won't have health care!
You are a snake. Time for a 3rd party!
Mitch you need to move on and resign. Healthcare is hurting us Get your caucus in line and help the American people. You promised to repeal
In Case you forgot your objective.
U R so small-I am not celebrating-I am rolling up my sleves to get something done RIGHT for the American people-they NEED health care not BS
If the ACA is so good why does it need massive bailouts and subsidies?
if U R serious find how many companies and people get subsidized-home owners get tax break-why to subsidize housing/ car companies get BO's
I've never got a subsidy for my home, healthcare, food, college tuition, etc. Nothing! Worked and earned everything I have!
you are unique- no mortgage deduction/ no tax break for dependents / religious donations/ etc- big business pay NO taxes -let's stop please
With all the taxes I have to pay now, what makes you think I want to pay more to insure those who don't?
Hope Trump cuts Taxpayer funding to Congressional Healthcare. Maybe, just maybe you jerks will wake up!
In case you needed to understand your objective. #MediCareforall
Will you one day stop lying about the ACA? Part of the reason it has problems is because you and others sought to destabilize it.
It was never stable. It was severely flawed legislation from the start. You know it and the Democraps know it.
I hope the Tea Party runs someone against all RINO's. Republicans have no spine and are not supporting VOTERS and TRUMP.
Congress must now stand tall and protect the people of this nation from hurtfull and dangerous WH policy. Please.   Put party aside.
Congress must stand tall and protect the people of this nation from hurtfull and dangerous WH policy. Please.   Put party aside.
80% of Americans believe in healthcare for all. We will not be silenced by dark money billionaires who pad your pockets.

McConnell is nothing but a failure to the Republican party and will never take blame for his actions. How does Kansas still gets this guy.
Quite frankly, it is time for you to step down and allow new leadership to take your place.  This was a leadership failure!
You failed to prepare, McConnell. After 7 years to prepare; you shot a blank on healthcare. Next time, do your job for America.
You are one of the biggest racists in public office. You should resign since you have no clue what it means to be American.
Always remember, Karma is a Nasty Woman. Winter is Coming, sincerely Snowflakes. You're Welcome 
Keep hurting people - it must make you happy at night.... to know your punish the vulnerable

29 million people are happy that they will have healthcare
You had seven years to prepare for this moment, and you came up with NOTHING! What have you been spending your time on?
Hey Mitch. You know what the Democrats have in mind? ObamaCare!
It took @SenJohnMcCain to make sure #kentucky babies born into addiction #opioidcrisis continue to receive Medicaid.
Your obstruction during the Obama years was all for nothing.  You missed your chance at greatness.  Now you're just a big selfish failure!
So much winning!
I want to see you step up to the plate and get everyone to work together-let's see what kind of leader U R-or R U the guy who wants failure
now that U can go back to regular order - do U want to work with the entire Senate including Lisa and Susan? of R U a trupster - screw them!
yeah do what mccain wants to do.
Sucks when karma comes around and bites you in the butt.
You are truly pathetic, but you did a GREAT JOB on repeal and replace. WELL DONE!
Lemme summarize:

"I'm still sore that I've been unable to undermine a beloved president who worked hard for the American people."

#RESIGN
Repeal the whole damned thing and start over!!!!!! Go for nuke leg. and start over. Repeal.
No path to nuke in this case. If McConnell wants this crap, he'll have to show some REAL leadership ability.

Absolutely embarrassing...
Your failure to repeal Obamacare is what happens when you put your own selfish personal interests above those of average Americans. Wise up!
I'm done gloating. Almost. But seriously, why I can't stand you was the whole 'behind closed doors' crap! Work in committee. As you should.
Tell Mitch 2resign n write a book
You're the disappointment.  You're almost as emabarrasing as the biggest loser, @POTUS
Hope you couldn't sleep last night.  Stop trying to destroy American lives by destroying their access to health care.
Suck it up buttercup... it's time to *finally* work with the Dems.
Thank you McConnell u tried ur best.We see u were fighting huge battle.B proud of progress U did make.This is not your fault hang in there

It's not completely your fault, Sen. McConnell. #POTUS spends each waking hour disgracing his office--that reflects badly upon the #GOP.
I truly hope you will work together to create a healthcare system that helps AMERICANS, instead of BIG BUSINESS. Fight cancer of the Soul.
McConnell, u republicans have the majority!! You don't need the dems!!
Majority only helps if you have good ideas that'll make America better.  

#CountryOverParty
That's right!!
No, don't neg.with dems. They want single payer. Just nuke and repeal. This latest is going to diminish the GOP senate. People won't forget
Does your brain not function?
We don't want repeal! We want repair! Sick of the lies and sneaky way you've pushed this horrible horrible bill! We will vote out all of you
Americans don't want this abomination of a bill! Your efforts are futile! Stop trying to hurt and kill us! Be a man and WORK IT OUT w Dems!
The only thing your we've suffered under is your partisian obsession with undermining Obama. Resign.
Mitch the Muppet loses again. How pathetic. All that obstruction during the Obama year's is coming full circle.

Your closed-door reckless approach to an issue as important as healthcare was shameful! The American people are not your political football
you need to step down. We need a leader in the Senate and it's not you. Get out!!!
Get rid of filibusters! DO IT!  We cannot wait another 2 yrs for anything to get done
remove from McCain, Collins and Murkowski from all committees! STRIP THEIR CHAIRMANSHIPS!!
Says the weirdo wearing US flag jammies. 
Hey mitch you have a health care law right in front of you the aca it's not perfect but work to make it better.
And don't repeal it because it has a black president name on it. I know how you are with people of color.
heard this excuse for a public servant whining the middle of the night because McCain defeated him-
I'm so NOT sorry that you weren't able to screw 200,000 people in Kentucky over last night. 2020 can't come soon enough, bye bye Mitchy!
It's time Senator to start acting like an American and working with ALL. There were 3 heroes last night in your party. You were not.
Saying the dems got what they wanted instead of owning the stupidity you Repubs wanted to sneak in is moronic. Your secrecy is unpatriotic
American people can no longer afford your hurt pride time to think about us and fix Affordable Care Act that's why you get paid
You have no control over the Never-Trump RINOs like @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski so step down NOW! You control the @SenateGOP
Finger-pointing/snowflake crying. 7 years. Nothing 2 show 4 it. #DeflateGate all over again. Luckily u can afford Viagra & Americans can 2.
Suck it up Buttercup and work with Dems to improve it. You know, DO YOUR JOB!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump We know they never had any intentions of Repealing and Replacing!! Their Dog & Pony SHOWS are over!! @SenateGOP
@SenSanders @SenateMajLdr so what is wrong with European healthcare? They have great items in their system and Europe is flourishing
Don't mislead people in thinking they are the 3rd world. Europe has been around longer than us and France was #1 when the WHO used to rank
You're a goddamn travesty to this country. So is the whole GOP. Go get sodomized and quit trying to drive us into the ground
Step down as Leader
Why couldn't you embrace the chance to work together? Why is it always my way or the highway in Wash?
Please note that every single tweet below is AGAINST @SenateMajLdr and against this #fake bill that only @GOP support. NO ONE ELSE WANTS IT.
Maybe now Rafael and John will come back to Texas and face the voters and reall listen to them instead of hiding in DC...
But since @GOP has NO PLAN, what is Turtle-Head fighting for other than to REMOVE healthcare from MILLIONS??? How does he sleep at night?
And now get to work with the Democrats and come up with something for the benefit of the people. That's your job. Quit acting like a baby.
you have yourself to blame, don't whine and blame your colleagues who stood up for the people of this coubtry
So gratifying to see you FAIL in your attempt to strip healthcare from millions of people.  FAIL!
Dems are fighting for constituents, while @GOP fight against a former Pres. Or do you just hate ppl having healthcare? All GOP should resign
Good, now work with the Democrats to fix ACA and not behind closed lock doors. Do what Senator McCain said work together. @GOP @SenateGOP

Maybe if you actually had a bill instead of a blank piece of paper trying to pull a fast one on people. Go do some real work. You had 8 yrs!
You blew it, @SenateMajLdr. All that chicanery for nothing. #TerribleTurtle
We know you never had any intentions of Repealing and Replacing!! Your Dog & Pony SHOWS are over!!
Let me guess. WAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!  Waaaaah!!! Poor evil coward
NO EXCUSE... IF OBAMACARE GOOD FOR US AMERICANS THEN IT'S GOOD FOR CONGRESS...CANCEL THE EXEMPTS AND JOIN OUR CURRENT COVERAGE
Let's work together American people are sick of the middle school behavior. We the people want you to get it done.
Congratulations on your loss.  Maybe the next time McCain offers you advise on the way forward you will listen. You blame is on you.
You had no fix because the ACA is a Heritage Foundation based plan. A GOP plan. Just fix it as you should have over the past 7 years.
U R DONE! says this KY voter.
