Good now build the wall, and repeal Ocare , like you ran on!
Which generals are getting the biggest, oh, they are political appointees so not restrained. Which part are you playing in the new regime?
Soooo, you WON'T give them a raise otherwise?
#Hostages
Donate you salary!
They earn their salaries & deserve a pay increase. You, on the other hand, sat on your tush during the Obama years & stole what U were paid.
They were on welfare for those years.
Sure, you really want to help US troops. Putin released your #Kompromat!  https://youtu.be/toz71XAofPc  Cannot be unseen!
That was good! It looks just like @SenateMajLdr
A face only a mother turtle  could love!
What's a "pay paise"?
How about you take care of our Vets?
Mr been against military raises!!! Holy crap, how you have teeth left lying through them so much!!!! #Budget2017 #lies
The military does not need to rebuilt.
yeah right!
As long as you don't get a raise, you are far over paid now. #resist #TrumpRussia
Why are you voting for a certain subset of Americans (coal miners) to get guaranteed healthcare and not ALL Americans?
Spelling bro!
Pay paise?
Please make Repeal of the Disabled Veterans Tax, S 66, a priority. @SASCMajority @SASCDems @realDonaldTrump @GOPLeader @HASCRepublicans
That's great! What about no funding for PP? The wall? 2018 elections will have consequences. .
You know that if you can read you can figure out that the word intended here is "Raise", don't be a dolt.
What took you so long??
Remember when Obama had to sign an EO to get them a raise because of obstructionist Congressmen like you? Miss you, @BarackObama.
Yea but they will spend all that money on Healthcare
President Obama is the one that raised troops pay.... did you forget that #fact
I'm a Veteran; have no issue with Pay Raise in Military. Tell me Senator; why you blocked Minimum wage.Against ACA. Ur not 4 PPl,Time,U-Go
*raise
How about supporting the Vets? Or you don't care about them once they aren't working for you?
Typo on that meme, Senator McConnell.
They should. Why didn't you dovthat six years ago. You had House and senate.  Now you can boast because you W/H & your party can get credit
George Orwell himself could not top your misdirection and lies. Pathetic.
I'm on year 2 of no pay raise, because fuck public higher education, amirite?
You should have given our men and women in uniform raises instead of buying more armament.
Now that's a good thing!
Are the troops going to help build the Wall.  Where is the Wall Mitch?
Why didn't you do this 6 years ago?  You had every opportunity to work with Obama.  You said, NO'
What about pay raises for the rest of hard working underpaid Americans, or are you to cheap?
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
YOU ARE GOING TO PRISON. I'll send you some snacks like the ass snacks that keep coming from your mouth. Kentucky hates you traitor.
Time to fund the Wall. Money to bail out Puerto Rico, no funding for the Wall. Get with it.
They deserve.
Wait, is that a typo? "Pay praise" ???? Really? GOP u really need a copy editor or someone who at least pretend to respect us
Really, Mitch?
Where is the wall?
What is a "pay paise" ..... ???
Merrick Garland
Right. I'll believe it when I see it
Took you FOOLS HOW LONG? 8 years?
WALL!
America is following the Money and that Russian /Taiwan energy bill keeps popping up connected to you  Father  in law .I wonder why?
Does that mean that they will not be on Food Stamps, Wic or State Assistance? @realDonaldTrump
Wow...those fighting for our country must be making almost as much as you now. amirite?
"Rebuilding our military also means loads of pork for Military equip that doesn't work / Pentagon doesn't want" #FixedIt #resign
Hey, over here. Don't forget most workers wages have been stagnate for 40 yrs! #SelfServingPoliticians #SurvivalOfTheRichest
You've put the screws to the military for the last 8yrs. Quit patting yourself on back.Bring the troops home.Close overseas military bases.
Does this include a raise for disabled vets?


What's a "paise"?

