How do you sleep at night? You are scorching our earth. Traitor.
BTW here's another former President who really cares about our country.  Take notes. It's called Solar power.
This president cannot get Obama off his mind. Inferiority complex is a complicated disease.  Add pathological lying and it's a situation.
YES, because you guys didn't invest in Solar/ Wind/Hemp, the rest of the planet has to suffer a slow miserable death. How Evil is THAT?
Said the oil man with fat pockets!
obama was trying to protect & save the earth! your party is evil. you don't care about anything other than money. that's the truth.
The only failure is your bladder, turtle-boy.
I guess(?) you're lucky you aren't actually a Christian so you can commit all your sins as a Sen. that condemns you without seeing your fate
How do you sleep at night?
FAILED policies? You obstructed Obama for years. We know where your true allegiances lie. You're just a racist like the rest of the swamp.
Obama cared about us as Americans. He cared about our kids. you care about the almighty $$$$$
This exec order will make our air as polluted as China's! How can you back this terrible plan? Don't you like breathing? @LindseyGrahamSC
Lots of fluff in this piece.
Truman said "Only way republicans in congress would get rich is if they were crooks."
So then let's drill for oil in Alaska
Clean energy provides MORE jobs and grows the economy. Look to California. Stop being so Neanderthal
How short-sighted. Republicans just lost the Millennial vote.
@POTUS will restore sanity. That's rich. He can't even recognize his own lies. #desperateRepubs
We can't wait.
NOW you pay lip-service to clean air/water? Puh-leeze. Coal will pollute both. Why not just retrain coal workers to build solar equipment?
It's insane that we have unlimited power from the sun but still use unrenewable resources like oil and coal. What happens when they're gone?
Wow. We're going to get you voted out of the Senate. Did you see all of us on Jan21? That's just the tip of the iceberg. #VoteMcConnellOut
I'm not going to bother reading your lies and justifications for actions that are pure evil.
The world is going to pass us up in new energy technology because of your backwards fossil fuel obsession.
You Have No Honor.
The ONLY sanity restored is when YOU are GONE You tired, old, stale, conservative, fearful/fear-mongering white male politicians on way out!
@McConnellPress @POTUS Obama's polices kept our environment clean. Yours and Trump's poison us. Shame
Traitors, both of you. Hypocrites and liars. We're watching and we're recording your perfidy for posterity.
clean energy is the future, jobs,prosperity,stability, lets lead the . Come outta your shell Mitch!
no one gives a shit about your OpEd. Give Garland a hearing. Do your job and uphold the constitution. #FlipSenate2018

The policies you all hacked to death or ignored all together?
Are you part of the club?  #FromRussianWithLove ?
You know when you die you can't take the money with you.

Sanity or leader in the same sentence with your name it is A JOKE BIGGLY . McConnell go investigate the 2 S.C.  wannabe politicians and f u
the resistance will stop u all! Shah! We are many n always listening!
Well-if u consider gaining jobs,reducing pollution,& protecting the health of millions of Americans a 'failure', have at it #hypocrisy #MAGA
@GOP @senjudiciary #trumprussia 
INDICT Kushner Tillerson Ross Pruitt Price Chao McConnell Nunes Sessions CRIMINAL MALFEASANCE
Wake up! This guy is ruining every single thing about America, you should put the country before the party. #GOP will not recover from this
you can't be this dumb think that we are not watching you and no that  dem will have the upper hand sooner or later
The Insanity of McConnell.

Support:

 Trump
 Putin
 Wikileaks

Over #USA Citizens.
https://twitter.com/cathykaku1/status/826828418998206465 …
#MAGA #TrumpRussia
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
sanity used by you is an oxymoron
It is amazing how Republicans have normalized treason! Whatever it takes to get what we want, is ok folks!
Republicans lack of morals, ethics and their disdain for the American People has become increasingly obvious! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
How do you lie so easily? Does it ever get embarrassing?
This is Trump's energy plan. The return to poisoning our ground water, lakes, and streams. The water we drink, cook with, and bathe our kids
Coal is dead.
McConnell has to ne on his knees for Trump or his wife will lose her job. McConnell wants dirty air & wants for Americans
McConnell: Deceptive, manipulative, willfully injurious to the US public
#SVRAV
McFuckMeFace
Retrain, educate, and lead. All three things you fail at. Sit and spin McConnell
I can't wait until you're a normal citizen. Using coal is not going to help our environment. Removing protections is not going to help. FFS
Sad! No one with any intelligence in this administration!
And increase climate change for our children and grandchildren???
We all know what Obama wanted! To rule over a "new America" that he had formulated in his mind! Subservient to him and his party! They lost!
You mitch created a War on Coal and gave peoe hope when you know these jobs like other field will never come back. You are a lier
Nothing you say is good for the majority of americans. You might be in this position but we know how you got Here.
Right, because coal pollution to the air and streams is such a better way to go.
NO  American is pro pollution
Work with Democrats. It's your job.
Democrats  are doing 2 TRUMP
Pure McCarthyism by practice of making accusations  of subversion & treason without proper regard for  evidence
You're going to hell in a handbasket of deplorables #hashtagwars
How can you support a President who refuses to publicly admonish Putin! You're just as UnAmerican & your collusion borders on treason!
Going backwards regressing to support 59k jobs instead of training these people? Your tje war on democracy
Obama wanted to, like the rest of the (sane) world, wanted to try to preserve our planet-you & Trump couldn't care less
You are so full of it! You can twist things as much as you want but we are not fooledlet's ditch Mitch!!!
we know you're old, but don't you care about us? Do you want to leave us with filthy water and air? Really
"You want clean air and clean water" yet you allow mining co's to fill up rivers and streams w toxic waste?  #SICKDOUBLESTANDARD
An uninformed electorate is the key to the Republican Party's survival.
Obama had wonderful climate policies!  #ThanksObama
traitor...u will b going 2 prison w/ the rest of the traitors!!!!
You're a sneaky loose neck turtle.  That ridiculous grin. The @HouseGOP & the @GOP will pay dearly in the primaries.
#2018
#Resist
#2018
Tell it to your grandkids with a smile..shame you will make their life more difficult.
Step Down or Lose Re-election
Who needs clean water.  Just dump that sludge anywhere you want.  #idiots
Again, you are wrong. This is a horrible decision for Americans. How do you sleep @ night? For lots of $$ you'll do anything. #nosouls
Are you senile or a Russian stooge?
In Sept, MM said, "I would consider any effort by the White House to challenge the Russians publicly an act of partisan politics.” TRAITOR?
Obama's failed climate policies? How stupid do you think we are? You, POTUS & Faux News = Bulls%#? #GreenEnergy #GOPcon
You failed bigly on Meet the Press. You continue to be exposed for the dope u r...
But you want $$$ and personal power MORE than clean air & water. YOU and yours will suffer along w/ordinary citizens from your foolishness.
You do not care about the future of our country or its people. We see your deceit. You should be ashamed #resist #impeachTrump #Russiagate
Coal is dead.  You are 75.  Soon you will be too. 
Harsh?  Maybe.  But so are your policies.
You're 75. Your life is behind you
What do you care about clean air or clear water.  
LOL good luck explaining your hateful policies to God
hi Grandma!!! Are you baking cookies today or making Jell-O?  You're such a sweet matronly Grndmother!!
You are deranged. How are you going to spend the $251k you got for selling internet browsing history?
A mystery millionaire spent $17 mil to defeat Garland & install #Gorsuch & he won't help us find out who owns him  http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/3/30/1648842/-Democrats-demand-answers-from-Gorsuch-on-dark-money-but-Manchin-and-Heitkamp-don-t-care …
Poisoning our environment's air and water is not an accomplishment Republicans should be proud of. What will their grandchildren say?
yup and the expense of citizens helath good job..idiots.
Sanity can only be regained when you depart office, taking the rest of science deniers with you. Your state needs a real leader not turkey.
Republicans strong on dark money , weak on science,
How come these executive orders aren't  overreach?
#treason #traitor #complicit #collusion #russia #partyovercountry #abettor #wrongsideofhistory #accomplice #collaborator
it is a shame that Congress, the president, and his cabinet would sell out America for personal profit God bless us all
WHAT FAILED POLICIES?  NAME THEM
Really wish you would stop blaming EVERYTHING on President Obama.Just makes us love him more and hate repubs alot!Please stop it tell others
UNTIL YOU HAVE A PhD IN THE FIELD OF SCIENCE, I'M INCLINED TO BELIEVE EXPERTS IN THEIR FIELD RATHER THAN A POLITICIAN W/ MOTIVES OF HIS OWN
No McConnell the people didn't vote for Trump to appoint the next Supreme court judge, Putin did.  Go ahead Mitch support Putin and Russia.
Why is Trump still in the White House?  Are you really an American?  If you were a patriot, you would be pushing for his removal.
Bunch of lies ! Time for you to retire old man !
When you choose fossil fuel over clean energy, the cruel death of wildlife, the destruction of nat'l parks - yours are failed policies.
Failed policies are GOP, as we our land erodes, our waters become more polluted, our food supply ends & our own deaths due to your greed.

No matter how much money you steal, you cannot buy a new planet to live on after you destroy the air, water, and environment in general.
As long as coal employment triples before the start of his second term, and extreme weather events lessen in frequency, it will be a success
#newyear #family #vacation #familytime. Wp! Came back because of me.
#ImpeachTrump #NoDAPL #NoTrumpcare #Medicare4All We Want #WeWantJustice We The People Want you and you're corruption Gone!
How do you justify that your climate policies are in the best interest of our youngest generations? The won't be able to eat or breath money
You are leaving quite a legacy.  You have a chance to promote clean energy, healthcare for all & instead you enable a man motivated by greed
How can you live with yourself?
Tell Us About That Time When Your Sexual Impotence Drove Your Wife Onto A Big Wet Throbbing Hairy Reed
President Obama did not fail our Great Nation. History will show Mitch McConnell led eight years of pure obstructionism, and failed America
Why do you insist on pretending you care about anything besides your bottom line and pleasing your corporate masters? It's insulting.
future jobs and prosperity are linked to clean energy, let's be the leader in this world.
Why does anyone LISTEN to this garbage from you anymore? You are SO full of it.
Oh Nuts!
You will be responsible for destroying our planet.
Your place in history is defined. It will be one of scorn.
Why should energy execs invest in coal plants? Coal use will continue to shrink. China will lead on clean air techmology
Our Goverment is failing. Solar , wind and other renewable energy is where jobs and the future are. #voteoutMcConnel
Great April Fools post Mitch!
Apparently you don't care about the air for your grandchildren- shame on you!
Ah, the Dark Ages. Just what America should return to. NOT. You don't give a fuck about future generations & the planet. Shame on you.
Mitch - Do you believe mankind has contributed to accelerated climate change? It is a simple question. Take your time, but not TOO long!
Why are you spreading FAKE news?    Come on KY, you deserve better than this asshat.    WAKE UP.
Still wondering why the tiny # of US coal miners are determining US policy. No secret you have a lot to do with it. Can't we just pay 'em?
You are both idiots only out to kickback money to your business CEO's. You will ruin the environment just because Obama tried to save it
Climate change is barely on the radar and barely anything the majority is interested in. We have enough trouble fixing #Obama's messes!!
#trumprussia 
INDICT Nunes Ryan McConnell OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE
INDICT Ross Tillerson Pruitt Price Chao GRAFT
#RESISTANCE 
MERRICK GARLAND
MERRICK GARLAND
MERRICK GARLAND
MERRICK GARLAND
MERRICK GARLAND
MERRICK GARLAND
MERRICK GARLAND
MERRICK GARLAND
Companies that move back 2 coal will be blasted, bullied & put out of business thanks to social media. U should be training ur ppl 2 compete
Keep using the word failed. It suits you Mitch. After years of doing nothing, you are delivering just that
You should stop using the word "sanity" in your tweets, no one believes you
Sure McConnell, you won't be here for the results. Pollution and the destruction of our natural resources. Don't you care about your people?
Shame on you for supporting a policy that will lead to a much dirtier environment. Remember, your family breathes too.
You make me sick !
@VP @CNN @MSNBC @SpeakerRyan @POTUS44 Pres.OB left mark on R's brains with his smarts,incredible credentials,strength
Again you sold your souls & hurt our country by promoting dirty energy sources. Like your NRA $$$. Killing our children & their future.
Stop trying 2 sell us SNAKEOIL(Devil apple)! U R a racist that wants 2 wipe out everything 44 did! Instead of changing old WORK on new!
Mitchy stop sucking up to this man, it is very unbecoming. #Trumprussia #TrumpcareFail
Who wrote that for you? Which corporate donors? You are corrupt and should go back in your shell. #FireTheFools
@realDonaldTrump Apparently the truth evades you unless there's money involved RatBastard TRAITOR!
Clean green energy is cheaper to produce than coal. You lose, we win (ie, we the people)
