Could you have done more for eastern Kentucky before now but refused because a democrat was president?  #WeAreNotYourPawns #WeAreKy
Free up hemp laws! Do ONE thing for your state @SenateMajLdr
Good grief yes!  Kentucky could have been great area to grow hemp or medical marijuana after the loss of the Tobacco industry.
Drain the Swamp!!!!

@SenateMajLdr + GOP + Koch Companies  = Enslavement
Repeal ACA or give someone your job that will!!!
You are not conservative:

https://www.senateconservatives.com/post/3616 
really???
You are CLUELESS!!!!
Oh, you're going to protect individuals & communities from  cancer and disease caused by mountaintop removal mining?
Wasting time & distractions are NOT helping you.
Do jot pass this Obamacare replacement bill! @realDonaldTrump @JohnCornyn @tedcruz @LindseyGrahamSC @GOP @GOPSenFinance
ARC has forgotten #Human Rights And Constitutional Rights DueProcess: Corruption Fraud #Justice Center #Discrimination
Do you have rich friends there
Look forward to YOU supporting your President...get his agenda DONE...no more of this wishy washy RINO..ISM...
Blah blah blah
Healthcare, taxes, build wall, etc. FIRST on America's Agenda, Mitch. Remember, Donald Trump is our newly elected @POTUS 
What in 20 years?  Go away!!!
So @SenateMajLdr  are you using any of your deep pockets from your funds to help your State and the Appalachian Commission? Or are u jst fcs
I don't believe you any more! You will destroy because of your ego!
When have you ever really soughtbto help the people of Appalachia? People don't believe you anymore
Feckless Leader McConnell out for himself the Chamber and K Street

Isn't that welfare of a sort? But it's okay because it's for your voters, right? What about healthcare? You think they don't need that?
I lived in KY for two years. They need your help, but I don't think they'll get it from you...
And while I'm at it, I want to take away health care for those in need so the rich can have one more night out on the town.
That's nice, but how about using your amazing leadership skills to get tax reform, repeal Obamacare, or secure our borders?
Get to work on the top priorities.  Back your president
Why are you so blind?
Coal companies?
If you cannot focus on one thing then better move on
You're too fucking late! U have sacrificed #Kentucky well-being for @GOP party. #votehimout
Then give the Appalachian people affordable health care. Represent all people.
Retire turtle
Meal Mouth Refocus on TAX REFORM
". . . but first, let's get rid of that healthcare!"
Who  are you really trying to help Mitch??  Because it most certainly isn't the people of Kentucky who desperately need healthcare.
You need to repeal Obama care and pass tax reform. ANTI INCUMBENT WAVE coming!
This thrice traitorous POS still isn't in jail?

@senategop @housegop @senatedems @HouseDemocrats  @FBI
Why do you continue to support Trump?
Build the fence, help health care.
Democraps
How about you start with not destroying their healthcare?
Taxes and Healthcare Mitch! Taxes and Healthcare Mitch! Taxes and Healthcare Mitch! Taxes and Healthcare Mitch! Taxes and Healthcare Mitch!
By ripping out their healthcare? Go home
Whatever you do don't look to help the American people
You're not looking to resolve the VETERANS  CRISIS.  That's ok! They are trained and lack feelings of remorse for the suffering you caused!
You better get your real game on! The PEOPLE ARE SORELY TIRED OF YOUR TURTLE PACE BULLSHIT.  It will not be long before you are the enemy.
Are you getting paid too?
Medicaid expansion in ACA could help people in Appalachia. Look what it did for Washington State.
BULLSHIT. Graham-Cassidy aims to DEMOLISH Health Care for middle and lower Americans.

You are the MOST UN-AMERICAN AND INHUMAN thug EVER.
Opiode Crisis? Dirty Coal?
By mitigating #climatechange?
Oh oh. Beware Great-grandpas Ninja turtle
To destroy parks Seditionist?
White people?

U r trying 2 hurt states w/expanded Medicaid but yet medicaid was used 2 help u get over polio but now u want innocent kids 2 lose Medicaid
You r a liar U r trying everything u can 2 completely destroy pathways for the elderly, children & poor to have access 2 healthcare
You are a liar and deceiver. Get the hell out of Washington. You have no integrity. You're a sad dude and I heard you like young boys
I think you should also focus on health care, tax reform and THE WALL now GTW thanks
What about repeal & replace? Taxes, infrastructure, wall?
Meanwhile, rest of USA is waiting on meaningful tax reform. Who is paying you off, Senator? You are not living up to your campaign promises!
But you won't focus on repealing Obamacare or tax reform
I just wanna see @POTUS tax returns. Integrity transparency and accountability NOW!
Stop pretending that you give a damn about anyone but yourself.  You and the traitor @realDonaldTrump are destroying America #GOPLiesMatter
#MedicareForAll  #SinglePayer
Please go to original simple majority and pass the Great America Agenda presented in primaries NOW
You realize, of course, who's agenda WON THE POPULAR VOTE???

A reminder...
Think that's gonna help you after you screw your state on health care?  You never helped those coal miners except to lie so now you care?
Twenty trillion in debt because of pork like the ARC. The house and senate have done all they can to destroy this country.
You need to step down. SERIOUSLY. We don't want you representing us ANY LONGER YOURE AN OBSTRUCTIONIST
HOW ABOUT PASSING "KATE'S LAW" TO HELP PROTECT ALL AMERICAN'S FROM REPEAT CRIMINALS IN U.S. ILLEGALLY!!! JUST DO IT NOW!!!
@SpeakerRyan @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins Collins  U RINOS have no idea how angry legal Americans feel abt u all! We have had it!!!
You mean help your rich donors, your rich friends, and the lobbyists who made you rich?

How about playing kindergarten teacher and getting the kids to quit Effing around and get there job done WITHOUT throwing fits #my15mins
Where's repeal and replace and tax reform
GOP mantra
McConnell had POLIO as a child. March of Dimes saved his ass.

Now he'd rather all y'all DIE than get what he got.

PATHETIC.
Both you and hal rogers need to go. From a ky. Voter

I wish you had focused on the Russian interference into our election.
Idiot!! Obama interfered is Israel's election. Millions of dead registered voters interfered in our elections. Millions of illegals also.
Never forget this idiot wanted to screw over his own state first !!
This man is just rolled out a death bill, and ther ain't nothing good for rural folk in it.He thinks rural folk are stupid. Prove him wrong!
You are kidding me right!!?? Tax Reform!! Healthcare!! The American People for once in your pathetic life!

#McConnellistheProblem
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
I don't even know what it does and I live in Middlesboro.  Details would be great.
What exactly does this mean? Cuz you really only seem focused on helping those who don't need it--the 1%
Please don't take healthcare from people. Please.

DEMS. MUST OPPOSE EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING MITCH MCCONNELL BRINGS TO THE FLOOR REMEMBER MERRICK GARLAND STOP MITCH NOW
How about tax reform...u r not doing ur job!!!
#Resign
What is the purpose of this commission?
Don't you have taxes to cut, a wall to build, and ObamaCare to repeal and replace?  Get to work on what the American people really want.
Sandra, your confused.   America doesn't want repeal & replace, we want to a fix to ACA
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
U can't wait to throw millions off healthcare including your own state. Just to give the oligarchs their tax cut they bought the GOP to get
Are you also taking away the tech initiative away to help the coal industry,  create a base for lung cancer and promote big Pharma?
You better start doing what we put TRUMP in there to do pronto
Repeal obamacare, senator
#GrahamCassidy and/or #RepealAndReplace = No, thanks.
#MedicareForAll = Winner, winner,  dinner.
 history duly notes your diversion.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Repeal and Replace obamacqre
Time to prosecute Hillary and stop the two-tiered system of justice in America.  Establishment elites must be held accountable.
Yes Muellar just needs a little more time....
Time to work his devious deal with the devil?  Or, maybe he really is going to do the right thing and put Hillbilly in jail.
Harry, my sadly misguided child. Stop watching Hannity he's melting your brain.

What will you do when trumpy's in Prison?

Sad, really.
I wish this man would retire
We all do
Better make it quick !! Ur days are numbered for fighting @POTUS and OUR AGENDA ! Next election your GONE !!! Enjoy why u can
How about we just disband this government program that on a federal level and never work as you are all idiots. Send it to the States.
You're just trying to distract from your newest and worst #Trumpcare version!
Admirable, now why don't you try doing the same with Obamacare? Especially since it impacts millions of people nationwide?
Seriously no one believes a word out of your mouth you old wind bag.
"Hey America! Look over here while we try to take away your healthcare behind closed doors!"

Call your representative TODAY!!!
You and @SenateGOP should get a life and stop terrifying Americans with trying to take away health insurance away from millions. #SaveACA
Actually, I think a life sentence in Guantanamo is appropriate...
Refocus on the agenda you promised repeal/replace Obamacare, tax cuts, infrastructure. You have failed! Retire!
Merrick Garland
#NoAmnesty deport all illegals!Rescinding DACA but granting amnesty under another name is NOT what we were promised!  Focus on our citizens!
NOT TAKING AWAY PEOPLE'S HEALTH INSURANCE MIGHT BE A GOOD PLACE TO START!
You have no idea what you're even talking about. <12m have ACA insurance at cost of >$TRILLION   it's a FAILED PROGRAM
SO WHY MAKE IT WORSE, SMART GUY?
Do you have a opinion, sir?
@seanspicer just admitted lying about crowdsize at @realDonaldTrump inauguration.
Point to educate and evolve! They are determined to retire without capture! ARA unfit in 86' & unfit now. ®™©
Time to retire
Then stop trying to take away Americans healthcare!
Attempting to divert our attention away from your continued terrorization of Americans by taking their healthcare? #SaveACA
You just read my mind. Time for a new Sen Maj Leader........long past time.
How are you Treasonous let me count the ways
Silent when Trump changed the Republican Platform on Ukraine to support Russia
Silent when Flynn and Manaford had to register as a foreign agent after being found out by the free press
Silent as the AG lied to the a senate committee about meeting Russians
Silent when America found out Trumps own son meet with the Russians to obtain illegal Intelligence to effect a presidential election
Your silence is a disgrace to the office you hold. 
Resign
No amnesty. No DACA.
Build The Wall and pass @TomCottonAR's immigration bill! Time to put Americans first!
Why do you hate people having health insurance?
You should be working on tax cuts and tax reform McConnell! Put the phone down and get to work!
Leader McConnell is changing DC by breaking the Senate, stealing #SCOTUS, & letting Putin run the White House.
Putin?  Keep tooting that ridiculous horn

A picture says a thousand words

STOP TRYING TO TAKE OUR HEALTHCARE AWAY!!!
Why do you want to take healthcare from millions of Americans?
