Good thing they don't have House approved Dumpcare.
Of course they don't,  wait they don't have to even pay for healthcare.  I am paying for their hospital bill
I hope they have decent healthcare. What's with the secrecy about the health bill? GOP screamed bloody murder about this with Obama care.
This is the definition of a hypocrite.
Do the right thing for him but, most especially the people that voted for him and for u. Stop ur obstruction the Dems do enough of that.
Democrats obstructing?? Mitch bragged about blocking everything Obama did.
Well he did do that but, it didn't work well. But, you didn't see or hear as much hate as the Dems have. They are disgrace.
Do they have your health care? Do they have preexisting conditions to prevent them from getting medical care? Prayer for those injured.
"Do nothing secretly; for Time sees and hears all things, and discloses all" Sophocles And those injured have long memories
How the hell does a KKK person pray?  Who do you pray to, the devil?  That explains it
I hold you responsible.  Look at the sign the shooter held at one point-complaining about the 1% getting tax breaks-that is on you. Joker
Please help bring unity. Stop the hate. Congress needs to act now! Support President against witch hunt ASAP or GOP will lose seats. Sad!
It would be easier to believe your sincerity if you didn't take away 23 millions people's healthcare and give billions to rich, closed door.
Why are you trying to pass healthcare with no debate or info? This is crazy.There will be a revoltion in USA if we don't get quality H/C now
Time to stop being a shill for the NRA Mitch & get to work on sensible gun laws. It's what the majority of the American people want.
NO average citizen needs a long gun!! 

Sensible gun control is what the large majority of constituents are demanding!
Action, gun control ,tweet control ,pass a good health care act for the ppl not the corporations.stop the bullshit
McConnell trying to quickly pass terrible healthcare plan with no debates or review. He not the leader this country deserves .
Thank the Lord they had (OBAMACARE).
Hey Mitch, the only deity you serve is Money.
And yet you're trying to deny millions of Americans needed healthcare.  Curious.
Thank you for your admirable words.  Please let your actions speak with the same sensitivity and integrity.  We're depending on YOU.
There have been 27,820 total incidents of U.S. gun violence so far in 2017 - an average of 168.6 per day.
Forget ur thoughts and prayers. We want gun reforms. Now. And I don't mean loser laws.
FULL REPEAL WE The People voted for this!!!! Do your job
Do something about evil of media,beheading our Pres. & having plays assassinating him.Over the top.
Are you concerned that you might go down with @realDonaldTrump? One thing leads to another, and b4 you know it, charged for deaths from AHCA
Now I see why U love Dictator Trump so much, you 2 love to make yourselves look good instead of working for your constituents best interests
And thanks for our guns that protect us from Leftist Communist wackos. And Islamic terrorists.
End the fake Russian collusion investigation already. It's driving people crazy.
Deliver us from our turmoil. Fire Mueller & let us get back to normal. The stupid collusion story's dividing the country. This can't keep on
Yeah, who cares if the president is a Russian puppet. Let's get back to normal.
IT IS AN OUTRAGE! Had this happened to the Democrats, you and all GOP would HANG! We DEMAND LEGISLATION that stops the HATE SPEECH!
Ugh. Such a canned response.
How about meaningful #GunControl legislation? Stop pandering to the NRA and stand up for Americans' right to be safe. #SandyHook #Orlando
You got beat up in high school, didn't you? That's why you hate so much isn't it?
Screw your "concern." Fight for gun safety. The world is baffled by our inaction.
Will you support Pres Trump publicly?
How about passing some gun control?
Prayers really don't stop bullets or perform operations.
The Problem is Republicans & Democrats and the Media. Spewing political hate at Americans 24/7. The Leaders are responsible.
What about SF?
I sincerely hope everyone has a healthy recovery. But when does ACTION accompany simply praying about these things? Enough already, clown.
You and Trump
But don't support any effort to limit gun ownership, Partisan. Support your constituents and sell more guns! More guns, and more guns still!
You didn't care enough when Sandyhook happened. You barred the Obama administration from enacting gun control. Shame on u this is on u GOP
You aren't concerned about anyone but yourself and we all know that.
Praying for their recovery...and the fact they now have pre-existing conditions.
Why don't you fake cry. Keep praying to your god, the NRA, they will keep giving you money to help you recover from all this pain you're in
hmmm. maybe guns should not be in everyone's hands.
We need MORE GUNS, everyone should carry a gun all the time MAGA
well welcome to all other victims of gun violence. When does it stop? When is enough?
This one is all their fault. People are worried and scared with uncertainty under them. That is what most likely caused this one
Can you spell G U N C O N T R O L?
How about stepping up and standing up for what the "citizens" of this country voted for these past several elections? You seem to fold only.

At least 2 shootings today. 27,791 gun incidents in 2017.

But @SenateMajLdr got $1,261,874 from @NRA, so doesn't even mention gun violence https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr/status/875044181571506180 …
YOU sir could have prevented this & more!  For the love of G-d, pass common sense gun laws!  WE DONT WANT YOUR PRAYERS WE WANT YOUR ACTION.
Why pray for you anymore? You, as a country and you @SenateMajLdr a man of such despicable evil, are beyond prayers.
This was flat and insincere
If those elected officials who were shot today by crazy person w gun had Trumpcare, they'd not afford medical bills.
I kno u & I have had our differences but I'm furious that they won't let you play ball with them. No shame in getting picked last.
So, do you feel you've addressed the problem with a tweet to pray? As is done in all our shootings? I hope this tweet clears your conscience
Should we build a wall now to keep all the white American males out of our country? #Alexandria #Charleston #Newtown #Columbine #OKC #etc
What are you waiting for?
Just not concern enough to do anything about it but blame the Democrats until the next time..
Pass legislation to do something about politicslly motivated violence. Its been out of control for years. Do more than pray
Maybe you should stop blindly supporting a man who is intentionally dividing our country due to wealth & greed.
I hope they will have health care to help with their bills. Our health is so important.  This is why you cannot take it away.  Rethink
Wait! You actually pray-didn't realize you were allowed when you sign a pact w/ the devil...
Somehow it just doesn't seem meaningful coming from you...it's creepy. You can't try to have a "heart" for this & then nothing else.
Stop all the crazy dems now! Mouth running is a problem and getting worse. Stop them or get out!
 #Troll
You are a troll!
Nice to hear much public support Mitch. Bad incident. Do #Kentucky right and release the Bill that @realDonaldTrump #POTUS said was 'mean'
Thoughts and prayers are not working, do something. Serve your people, not the NRA. #DitchMitch
If only the Muslim ban were in place this would not have happened....
Perpetrator calls @POTUS a traitor- NO DOUBT-due largely to YOUR conflating Ru/@POTUS election issues w/highly public hearings. END HOAX NOW
The answer is more guns on the streets and more NRA money for the @GOP

Resign. #GOPobstruction
Pray for them yes but Fix the issue and get all Sen in closed door session and hash it out!
What did you expect when left plant seeds in public heads to take a shot-Kathy Griffin & Ceaser show production-they know what they're doing
You mean those SHOT? With a GUN? Why can't GOP say these words????
and wall is build. Marginalize left to nothing start pushing bills thru.
I'm so glad you're ok. Hardcore Mitch. Please be careful. People are pissed and crazed.
Left leadership has been calling for violnce for months. They are loosing everywhere, it will get even crazier once ObamaCare is gone &
STOP entertaining left facists, shut hearings down & get all together as a party, dont you see what u up against? Facists left will not stop
Prayers sent. It was only a matter of time until liberal media spawned violence.
And will pass the #disarmhate bill?  It's time @SpeakerRyan
You & Pres. 44 1/2 are the first ones to blame for your vitriol. STOP ur hate filled agenda that hurts ALL Americans. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED!
How about some gun legislation???
Maybe some common sense gun control on assault rifles? But then again a profiteering hypocrite such as yourself is bought by NRA. #trumplies
YOU MUST STAND UP AGAINST ALL THE NEGATIVE HATE, VIOLENCE, RESISTANCE FILLED RHETORIC COMING FROM CONGRESS. PROMOTING DIVISION IN AMERICA
Here's a concept Mitch. Be proactive. Lock up all these #resist sedition, & treason. PEOPLE ARE BEING KILLED. Call out the guard. Lock em up
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Concerned? Keep them in your prayers? Flowery words can't replace the need for an assault weapons ban in the U.S. Man-up. Talk is cheap.
This all started the Day Trump came down that escalator and hating Mexicans and still continues today on both sides Trump is evil
Thank God they still have health insurance coverage.
Sad day should not of happened Trump quit your hate and embrace America   and work to get all the hate settled down from both parties
Does the #2ndAmendment  really say we can carry military style weapons? I know ur bought by the NRA but Seriously?
#GunControl
It's called Gun Control
Pray for gun control.
My thoughts and prayers are for all involved in the shooting and our country. We need to find a path towards #Unity #Alexandria
Good job w/passing bills that allow easier access to guns and will you vote for gun silencers now?!
Praise the Lord and pass the Ammunition!  Insane policy strikes back at the policymakers!!!
If he was so concerned about people he would try to help them instead of starve them out take their healthcare and steal their fucking money
Our republicans and democrats must stop fighting and start working together! Fighting breeds hate. Washington needs to set an example!
Lefties are new kind of terrorists, this is not breaking windows, this is killing people. Does Bernie have the guts to come out to condemn?
Of the people involved in the national conservation, only one has consistently called for violence against opponents: @realDonaldTrump.
The killer was Bernie Sander's support. Are you defending the killer and giving excuses for killing? Are you not condemning the violence?
As a Christian, I oppose all violence and support stronger gun  regulations, esp for reasons of mental health and domestic violence.
Are you going to take away their #healthcare? Is a bullet wound a pre-existing condition? If so, they're screwed.
good thing you were not there on that field today.your to old to run. you might have been shot. I'm glad everyone is ok. we need more guns
Yes every American should carry a gun at all times....MAGA
Jesus told peter to put away he sword. some day you people will learn
I was being sarcastic... I HATE the NRA, if Newtown Connecticut couldn't give them a conscience NOTHING WILL.
Nope. I don't support the action taken. I also don't care about the senators injuries.
Isn't it about time you started to investigate these far left hate groups and their ties to the democrat party? How about supporting @POTUS
Of the people involved in the national conservation, only one has consistently called for violence against opponents: @realDonaldTrump.
U sir R only concerned about your agenda. U don't listen 2 victims. The gun lobby is too powerful & the $ they donate is your only concern.
Thank God for the two policemen. It seems the burden of protecting Americans is their burden.  It's not right.
This is terrible Mitch. It's time for real gun reform
As you work behind closed doors to make healthcare worse for America. #ProtectOurCare #IAmAPreexistingCondition
Hey, let's just sell guns to anyone, even if they have a history of mental illnesss. NRA $$ is almost as good as Russian $$ right?
But we won't pass any gun legislation!
If Newtown didn't do it, nothing will...#F U NRA
Will the NRA be printing your checks on tissue so you can use them to wipe away the crocodile tears?
What is wrong with the Republican leaders they should be shouting at MSM and the Democrats for creating this violence
No lets blame the NRA.... never forget Newtown Connecticut.
Ha! That is all Repubs ever do....keep them in their prayers. Did a lot of good huh?
#GunControl or your fake concern means nothing
Mitch we're praying for all of you! May god protect and heal all.... a sad day our hearts are broken...

You again?  More Guns for ALL AMERICANS... MAGA
What?
Sorry, I thought you were the nut from Pennsylvania... got same picture as you.... never mind
Understand, cheers
Maybe something will be done now that it's one of your own? #EndGunViolence #MitchMcConnell
Dream on,   NRA = BIG DONORS
@SenateGOP @GOPChairwoman @SenateGOP @SenateRPC - SUPPORT our @POTUS! STOP insane investigation - wasting ppl $$$! Enough! Support the Prez!
you don't care about anyone so stop trying to make us think you do.
Welcome to the America you and Congress have created by NRA winks/campaign contributions! We ARE massacred as we don't have Capitol Police!
No NRA members pulled the trigger.
Start leading! You are useless
I guess this is what happens when you have NO GUN CONTROL and try to take away peoples healthcare and access to mental health #GunControl
It's time to loosen more gun laws.
Yes every American should carry a gun all the time! MAGA
Without healthcare of course...
Is this the level to which political discourse has driven people @greggutfeld  @seanhannity @kimguilfoyle @JudgeJeanine @TuckerCarlson
Background checks aren't a bad thing.
DO WE NEED TO GET @KremlinRussia_E TO come AND HANDLE THIS!
praying for those to harbor so much anger. thank you Leader McConnel. #LouisianaProud
Probably best on a day like this for the #GOP to postpone work on loosening gun laws, allowing silencers and armor-piercing ammo, right?
Stop praying. Work on reasonable gun control. Do our job. You're worthless praying doesn't actually do anything to help.
ENOUGH WE ARE NOT SAFE IN AMERICA!
If they had TrumpCare they would still be laying in the street.
Need more than Prayer. Ur=Reps actions 2 PROTECT! Reps?? Dems/Soros r Devious Forces! @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @RNC @POTUS @VP
How about doing something about these liberals and msm promoting VIOLENCE against conservatives WE NEED STRONG LEADERSHIP THAT ENDS THIS!
your shameless opportunism is on full display...how much did this heart grabbing statement cost the NRA?
The result of the poisonous rhetoric spewed by the GOP for yrs!
The best thing you can do is bring gun control legislation to the floor.
Wrong. It was a gun, in the hands of a good guy, that ended it. Stop with the American phobia. Sedition & treason from the MSM
Its time to stop the lefts incitement, break up the media and reverse obamas propaganda laws.
The man you refuse to impeach is responsible for this. He spreads nothing but hate. #SteveScalice  Time to get off the Trump train.
Let's all come together as Americans and stop the hate that's been politically motivated.
Congress just took $$$ from the gun lobby and removed mental health requirements and gun safety laws - Maybe you should reconsider.
We want action, shut down these phony Russia investigations creating all the hatred in the country!
There's a Russian spy ring in the White House and you want the investigation shut down? What kind of traitor are you? #PutinWhiteHouse
You and your BS prayers...Do something!!!!!
Nothing, and this can't be stressed enough, nothing about prayer is BS. Read a book
OBSTRUCTIONIST
Gun control. Imagine how a bunch on six year olds felt.
