You're going to need more than 80 billion by the time your Prez finishes.
Did it pass one that restores training levels to pre-sequester levels so we stop having senseless loss of life? #MilitaryLivesMatter

#GreedyGOP only look after themselves—They protect the top 10% that own 76% of America's wealth w "trickle down economics" that only benefit https://twitter.com/ehhcog/status/909902669598412801 …
All if Washington greedy and elite.dont agree w everything POTUS.do agree Drain the Swamp.
If there's a "swamp" to be drained. Trump isn't going to be the one to do it. He is the swamp.
I think the American people elected him President . love and respect my Country .countryman. God bless America.surprised.joyus.doing well
The electoral college elected him. The American people elected Hillary Clinton.
That's not how it works.we have to have electoral college.otherwise they'd be city states :Roman empire.all be at the mercy of city whims
It’s all at the “mercy” of the electoral college...that’s why the electoral college was able to overrule the popular vote that elected Trump
Just stop.look up the process and the need.do http://research.you  will Know we need it
Guess you are going to let Trump start a nuclear war with Iran & N Korea. You can stop him if you would try.  We have cowards in Washington
Vote against Graham /Cassidy
well: we will need that with Trumps inflammatory careless baiting rhetoric with NKorea.
Healthcare Mitch Healthcare
Put a gag in trump's big mouth!
Lockheed, Boeing,Raytheon and BAE thank you for padding their profits, why not fix the waste in the Defense Bill?
Good job McConnell. Now about the other 45 #MAGA items on the to-do list, do your job and support @POTUS or get out of the way!
McConnell your a RINO and that's sad.  Support Pres Trump or retire. Enough of your crap.
#25thAmendmentNow 32mil Amers will their coverage if repubs have their way ACA is literally life or death 4mils of elderly kids & poor
@gregory_cerge but yet the wall is not part of our national defense???? Sad so sad how screw up the has become!!!!
You ARE the threat our nation faces (YouMindlessTraitorousTURTLE)!
ALL @realDonaldTrump LOYAL @GOP ARE GUILTY OF TREASON!
#FollowerMcConnel
And put millions in the hands of defense contractor CEOs, I suspect.
Good, NOW lets get Obama Care repealed & replaced and pass tax reform. Get behind our President @realDonaldTrump agenda or RESIGN.
How do we have money for that and not children?! Explain
You want to talk about "critical defense?" There's a madman at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue that you seem willing to overlook!
4 navy ship wrecks because they are undermanned. Republicans cut Navy Personnel. Your corporate sponsors are happy tho, as usual.
It's about time.  Angry that O has let our country defenses down.  Prepping America for Global takeover.  Thank God 4 Pres Trump!
Mitch couldn't plumb a one hole out house.
Would that be the threat of rioting when people find out GOP has yanked away their healthcare?
You mean theatre like you Mackie?
Where are you going to get the money. We have florida and texas to pay for and you waste money that is not yours
mcconnell is a worthless frog!!!
Biggest threat to America is Donald Trump! Second biggest is Climate Control. Third is GOP eliminating Health Care.
https://twitter.com/mla1396/status/910235619615526912 …
Remove 45 as unfit. Best way to keep America safe!
Unless the @DeptofDefense employs EMP Pulse Warheads, nothing you do will matter. Most every Weapons system beyond small arms is Electronic
Threats of Nuclear-tipped ICBM's would become Obsolete if We deployed EMP Bombs against their launch sites & ICBM's flying towards it's goal
PELICAN POUCH CHIN McConnell you are the biggest threat to America and the Nation. RETIRE YOU SOB.
KA-CHING!!!! That's great! How much you making over that?

#McWeasel - it's already obsolete because of #PresidentKookamunga's actions
Keep going. There is a lot more for the Senate to do before you take your next break.
get and awesome website?  https://goo.gl/RMJurA  

#wordpress  #websitebuilder #buildwebsite #webdesign #webdesigner t #businesswebsite
Good! Now get to repeal ACA and major tax cuts and reform. No more vacations till the job is done.
The threat to the Republic is republicans and democrats #ResistCongress #theresistance #NOTNORMAL #resist
Everything you do is shady & has some underhanded benefit to you & your rich friends. You are not credible.
Now take out the illegals.  We are crunbling from within. "NO DACA"  No  Illegals and fakes! NO DACA, No 3rd  world.  Leave a great memory
Go nuclear to get ObamaCare repealed we don't need it replaced just repeal the damn thing!!
Save ACA.  Our POTUS is a fool and an embarrassment!
Good NOW GET A REAL REPLEAL OBAMA CARE.  GET RID OF ALL OF IT
Kentucky has failed America!
at a handsome profit to you, your wife's family and a lot of good friends... Am I right?
I wouldn't expect anything less.
Government give away to military industrial complex. And you're attempting to kill American people by destroying our healthcare system. FU
Yeah but you want to kick veterans who rely on the ACA off their insurance. You don't support the troops, you toss them like garbage.
The real threat America faces is from YOU and the Republican Congress!
our nation faces a major threat from Donald trump and his Russia loving cohorts yet YOU remain silent.  #hypocriteGOP
Full of pork and unwanted projects. Really disgusting.
If this newest health care proposal is so great, why haven't you made the specifics public?
We already have an overinflated defense budget.  But we don't have money for healthcare or infrastructure.
The #1 threat our Nation faces today is the Russian Traitor in our White House and GOP that serves only wealthy few.
Spoken like the supporter of a true fascist
You're one of the biggest threats the nation faces.
sure more money for bombs, but less screw the american people when it comes to health care.. we will remember. #wehirewefire
The domestic threats under the current regime? #WhiteSupremacy #Gerrymandering #CorporateGreed
One funding bill down!!  11 funding bills to be voted on?  When will the @SenateGOP be voting on them?  Tax Reform, Immigration, HealthCare?
Thank you Maj Ldr McConnell much appreciated, can we get Obama Care Repealed now or will we have to get 45 to put U on this plan too?!?!?!
ACA repeal, Kate's law, RAISE, e-verify? How about protecting our citizens here? #KYVOTER
Thank you. High time!

Don't screw this up Mitch. You get a second chance to be a Viking
McConnell speak for "YAY IMPERIALISM!  We will bomb & murder our way into yr hearts & minds"
You are a fraud! Stop healthcare repeal & if you don't, make it apply to you and your comrades.


WOW!!!!!! now why don't you retire, that's what the fed gov is supposed to do.
Pls advise us when you have also passed all other bills sent over by the House. We need much faster progress..,.please!!!  2018 matters!
Does that threat include you and the GOP?
Is my tax cut in the mail?
Repeal of Obamacare & tax reform @SenateMajLdr? Where are those bills? Get to work, keep your promises & support @POTUS, then I'll applaud.
Great!  NOW IT IS TIME TO PASS A BILL REPEALING AND REPLACING OBAMACARE SO BUSINESSES CAN PROSPER.
#McConnellfakeinsurance
"Who said money makes the world go 'round?
They just didn't know
Murder runs the globe"
And you're about to take healthcare away from America's heroes.
This is insane. We already spend more than the rest of the world and it is us poking at bears making it unsafe. Where was the debate?

How much PORK was attached that you don't want us to know about?
"keep" them ready? You'd better MAKE them ready because Orange head is making new wars (to show how great he is).
Trump is the largest threat to our democracy.
The only thing I want Mitch to pass is AWAY
Oh God. You could solve poverty in our country for less than our inflated military budget. Digusting.
@GOP good, now tell them pass repeal obamacare like promised to America. Its ruining our healthcare system for too many !
Help your party, help our President and God Bless America
Why are You not getting rid of filibuster rule and pushing to get judges confirmed?
Don't you mean keep the military industrial complex in the black and continuing to export weapons that kill people to most other countries??
Great. Now build a fucking wall.
You're going to be a villain in your grandchildren's history books. Congrats.
You're fired McConnell.
And one to kill people
Wow! Now try passing Taxes and Health Care and the Wall!!!
Sadly, most of the threats America faces is of our own doing. More Americans die from National Disasters then Terrorism, so you cut FEMA???
McConnell what is there to say about you except I hope a Russian or Chinese nuke lands right into your house, or, better yet Congress.
We also face threats from Trump & Republicans. What do we do about those?
As if this bill was a hard fought win. Former GOP voter working my ass of to get my friends to also vote against GOP. #TermLimits

https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/local/2017/08/22/louisville-womens-advocacy-group-mcconnell-trumps-enabler/588848001/ …
Goo Mitch!! Now do critical healthcare, infastructure, taxes, etc. You can do it!! You get paid lots of $$$ to work FOR the AMERICAN PEOPLE
So Mitch baby proud of this idiot you helped get into the WH? You and Ryan own this. This is end of Majority Whip and your career. By by!


OPEN your EYES America...



Thx
Chickenhawk




Yet you overlook the treasonous pig in the Oval Office? Makes sense... #GOPscum

Only if it's not used to turn on our nation..don't trust you crooked sneaky politicians!!
Like the threat you pose by supporting an illegitimate and incompetent president?
Considering trump is trying to start WW3, you better keep our military ready. Get control of him for Gods sake! I am a VETERAN!
McCain is no patriot.
No, they passed a bill to piss our tax dollars away, unchallenged. It is not patriotic to give the Pentagon our credit card, it is foolish!
Biggest threat currently to nation is GOP taking away healthcare for tax cuts for rich #MAGA
Now how about repeal and replace? 

thank goodness just in time IMPT

@SpeakerRyan @tedcruz @JohnCornyn DON'T YOU DARE PASS YOUR INHUMANE TRUMPCARE HEALTHCARE. HEALTHCARE IS A RIGHT, NOT A PRIVILAGE!! HANDS OFF


No problem spending billions in Afghanistan. Just won't help Americans with healthcare. @SenJohnMcCain @VP @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
but no money for health care or improved education? Does this make sense?
Drain The Swamp!!!!

Great Mitch now do what you were hired to do and get to work passing Trump's agenda. Repeal & Replace Obozocare! You're killing us Mitch!

The threats our nation faces are you, DT 45, Paul Ryan, and the republican party!
That's great but we need more! Time to support @POTUS @realDonaldTrump with #maga action! 

to hell with you, your wars and military fetish. our country is run by manchildren playing with their GI joes
Blah blah blah
Vomit war mongerers
You are such a hero. Now you can retire. You have abused the system enough.
@SpeakerRyan  @NancyPelosi  @SenatorSchumer Good, now maybe you could take a turn helping support our great democracy. Stop Graham/Csssidy!
Amen
Rooting out traitors and criminals in government is nearly as high a priority as military defense #HangTraitors #TrumpRussia #Trump #MAGA
F U. WE ALREADY ARE THE BIGGEST & BEST. NOT MYVTAX $'s!!!!
You don't seem confident.
Spending more than the next 7 biggest defense spending nation's COMBINED not enough?
Thank you...your work continues...taxes and the Wall!
And the F-35 (not pictured) is a straight up boondoggle…. #ProTips #SocialResponsibility #BewareOfTheFascistAgenda↓
The #Senate just passed a critical defense bill to keep our military ready for the threats our nation faces. #NDAA 
GOP going to enable Trump by pushing Obamacare repeal even tho public does not want it. @GOP enabling a possible criminal! Wiretap may prove
Thank you.

Please support President Trump's agenda. Please cut taxes, build the wall and repeal O care.

Then we'll really thank you.
