Exactly Mitch! I'm a taxpaying KY resident & citizen of the USA, stuck under your asinine leadership. I DEMAND AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION.
thank you, Jodi!
The entire GOP is corrupt and complicit in #TrumpRussia coverup.
We want you to start impeachment proceeding on Trump-either you do or we ( the ppl of usa) will come to DC to do your job and get rid of YOU
Stop protecting trump. He's a criminal, and you're conspiring to protect him to control damage to your party. GOP mantra: Party over People.
Owns everyone of you liberals. Only shoe all the way. So funny
If you're "smarter than the average bear," why does this tweet contain one spelling error and one incoherent sentence? So funny.
GOP is complicit if they circle the wagons during this investigation.
You MUST honor the will of american people, you WILL serve the country not TRUMP, or yu are guilty of being COMPLICIT in a cover up.
Are you joking? Then we need a special independent investigation? We are going to remember who aided the President in this coverup.
MCCONNELL IF YOUR NOT A COMMUNIST SYMPATHIZERS OR A COLLUSIONIST OR OBSTRUCTIONIST THEN WHY DON'T YOU HEAR OUR ORDERS FOR A INDEPENDENT INVE
You must stay out of the investigations!  Stop defending Trump!
Russians (the enemy that hacked our elections) should not be in our WH -you either get this stopped or we (the ppl of USA)will come & do it
"Politics must squash all Russia & treason investigations at every turn while democracy burns, we need to fuck America first!"
need special prosecutor or are u in on it?
2020 if not sooner get rid of old Mitch  McConnell
You bet.  Now, how about we get started on that investigation so we can have something to keep politics out of.
Not if the Democrats can help it
Exactly why we need an Independent investigation #investigatetrump  #RESIST
The truth needs to be found & shared. I can't imagine anything more important than finding the extent of Russian involvement. #Nationb4party
@McConnellPress I dont need "leaks" to know why Comey will only talk publically. #POTUS is obstructing intelligence  needed by GOP like you.
SO TELL TRUMP TO BUTT OUT!!!
Appoint a special prosecutor then
you think?? #partisanhack
Exactly why we need an independent special prosecutor! Stop putting party before patriotism. Restore checks and balances.
Keep chasing the shiny bright light while Trump signs executive order after executive order ready in us of Obama rules
MCCONNELL YOU'RE NOT A PRIVATE ENTITY DICTATOR OFTHE UNITED STATES CONGRESS WE ORDER YOU TO CONVEY A INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OR YOUR FIRED
And do NOT tell the American people that this was about e-mails! We aren't stupid.
WE WANT AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION
I want a hot babe with big boobs but nobody's going to give me that either
Couldn't agree more.  So appoint an INDEPENDENT prosecutor, or be known as THE leader who put party above country.
Appoint independent investigator now
You've got to stop protecting @realDonaldTrump and start protecting democracy, sir.
Ageed! The people want an independent investigation!
No they don't. Only the wacko liberals who are out of their mind crazy want this. Move on folks nothing to see here. Trump as you twisted
SPEAK OUT FOR THE DUELY ELECTED PRESIDENT. STOP THE DEMS. THEY ARE PLAYING POLITICS.BEAT THEM AT THEIR OWN GAME. OR R U A WOOS
I swear gop is so obsessed with having republican potus that theyd support anyone. #realDonaldTrump is making republicans look stupied
Which is why you must appoint a special prosecutor.
Never going to happen. Never. Trump will show tax returns before that happens
OMG do you dudes ever get used to the idea that it's what rumpster did, not anyone, anyone else? U r OUT. Get used to that as well.
Wouldn't the best way to do that be to appoint non-politicians, like a special prosecutor, maybe?
Independent investigation NOW
Why?   U guilty of betrayal, too?  Benedict Arnold?
Congress is a check and balance for executive.  Either be that or become nothing more than rubber stamps.  Make a stand for democracy!!!
Do your job to protect the Constitution McConnell @McConnellPress #SpecialProsecutorNow #Trumprussia
Too late
Your political calculations are wrong on Russia. Failure to launch an independent probe won't be forgotten.
Your day will come.
Are you ready to go to jail for Trump Mitch? Keep doing what you're doing.

Trump over country is the republican way!
You're the last person who should say this. You're going to let Trump do this w/o investigatng? You must want Trump to be America's Putin.
#TrumpCare is already bringing the GOP down, don't let him drag you down further with #TrumpRussiaCoverUp . #ComplicitCongressman
Unless you and other GOP members of congress call for a special prosecutor, we will assume you are #Complicit
Exactly. Which is why we need an independent investigation/special prosecutor. I will look to you for action on this front
That's what an independent investigation would provide.  Stop gaslighting us, you evil liar.
True. Get an independent counsel. Now.
Yes, and you must step down from your hypocrisy!  Independent investigation NOW!!!
That's right. Quit blocking an independent commission and special prosecutor. Country over party. No wonder Kentucky has so many problems.
There has been countless cover ups and lies McConnell!!! Appoint a select committee and be done with it. Senate doesn't have time/resources
The fact that there is a Russia investigation is purely political. How long must there be no evidence for investigation to end?
If being a Republican means turning a deaf ear to what the majority of Americans request than the GOP is not the party I can support.
Special Prosecutor....NOW. If the Prea has nothing to hide, prove it!
Standing up for the democratic process is not a politic act.  As a Republican I am appalled that you have chosen not to get to the truth.
Then call for an Independent investigation.  You are too afraid to do that for the good of our country.
It appears that defending democracy for all Americans is not important to you.  Why did you choose to become a Senator??
How can you think it is right to go on as is??? Are you that out of touch with things???
Special prosecutor is THE ONLY WAY to keep your crooked politics out of it. The people are NOT happy!!!
I agree. That's why an independent investigation is needed. He just fired the person investigating him. The people will not stand for this!
Your words emphasize why there should be an independent investigation. Otherwise your party will be tainted with the brush of corruption....
So...you want the investigator to be independent...
Does your wife's position in the Trump cabinet compromise your judgement wrt Russian investigation?  Why are you shielding Trump?
GROW A SPINE, STOP LYING AND DO YOUR JOB, INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION
You are one of the most shameful politicians in American history.
Are you serious? You're doing nothing but playing politics and sacrificing the integrity of our government for your agenda. We see you.
So appoint a special prosecutor and end all partisanship. But we know you won't. Because you're pretty much pure evil.
Independent investigator-why not?
Party over country
so so so corrupt!! Disgusting.
what a load of crap! You, sir, have sold out the people you were sworn to represent! Shame!!
Yes. Get out of any congressional investigation and into the hands of a special prosecutor.
Appoint a special prosecutor otherwise what will people think is being hidden??
McConnell is as corrupt as Trump if he does not appoint an independent prosecutor.
Practice what u preach: Appoint a special prosecutor.U cannot obstruct justice this way.No party&no politics. DO WHAT IS RIGHT!
Tell that to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Rejecting calls about Russia isn't going to work Turtle man!
your support and teamwork have turned me from a critic to a fan. keep it up and I may rejoin the party. 
You are delusional if you think this is going away! Grow some balls and stand up to this treasonous buffoon!
-investigate Trump&his ties to Russia- its ok to bring the church into your politics-when it comes to a corrupt president stay silent?SHAME
... keep up the investigation or this will be the beginning to the end of the GOP!!! That is a promise from the CITIZENS OF THIS NATION
... you be blind with the rage you and the GOP would spew demanding justice for your constituents.  So as your employer YOU damn better...
YOU SIR MUST keep with a bi-partisan investigation into the Russian involvement with Trump campaign. If this was hillarys actions you..
HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT WITH A STRAIGHT FACE.  you are all about politics and not so much the Country. HACK.
Yes politics must, but apparently you don't and will continue to defy an independent investigator to this. You need to go NOW!
GOP senators phones wont accept messages! Lock. Them. Up. for colluding with trump in this coverup
as you know the best way to ensure that is to appoint a special prosecutor.
You are a liar. Your fake president is a liar. And you have no integrity whatsoever.
Just lead and do something
Besides when did you start thinking America comes first over party? Ummm never!
Independent investigation is needed. Our democracy was compromised and may include American involvement. How in God's name do u not c this?
You can't reach any GOP senators at Washington or home offices! voicemails are full/not excepting messages. They don't want to hear from us
Yes it should and that's why Americans demand a special prosecutor! You are out of your ever loving mind to support this president!
That's why u should stay out if the way!!!!!!!!!
Trump & Russia must be a special prosecutor or commission. If you & the rest of the GOP don't agree, then you all will be accomplices.
We need an independent commission or special prosecutor. Please do your job as Majority Leader.
You are in violation of your oath to protect & defend our nation from all enemies foreign and domestic- U are enabling a cover-up of TREASON
Appoint a special prosecutor.  Comey was fired because he got to close to the truth.  Be part of the solution or be jailed.
Your phone lines are conveniently busy we need a special prosecutor
Yes.  Please resign so that someone who will honor their Oath of Office can take your place.  "Protect & Defend the Constitution" NOT 45
Then why reject a special prosecutor? An independent investigation is necessary RIGHT NOW. #russiagate #TrumpsPurseDog #NothingToSeeHere
Then, appoint an independent prosecutor.
McConnell should step down from any position of leadership in the senate, and have no input on this issue as it is investigated.
More than ever need a special persecutor.
you know this can't go on. It has to stop. The question what are you going to do about it?
Traitor Traitor Traitor
Answer your phones!! They aren't taking vmails.  We want to talk to you!! We want answers!
I agree.  That's why we need an INDEPENDENT COMMISSION.
Exactly why we need an independent prosecutor. Shame on you!
Oh really, this is comical coming from one of the most partisan hacks in Congress! So what do the Russians have on you, Sen. McConnell?
How about taking your own advice to keep politics out of Russia investigation. That's the point of special prosecutor.For once, put USA 1st.
The best way to insure this would be to appoint an independent investigator. The nation awaits your impassioned plea that we do so.
The people Comey was supposed to talk to (chain of comm.) were being INVESTIGATED by Comey. What would you have done?
Then appoint an independent special prosecutor to investigate the Trump campaign's ties with Russia. DO YOUR JOB.
... tragically don't love your country.America deserves the most thorough investigation possible.Troops die for this love.Firng Comey =Nixon
Don't choose your party or yourself over Americans. Do the right thing before it's too late. America needs you to help stop the destruction.
If the FBI has Russia low on the list fire them all maybe they're too busy doing......?Mr.McC, you are either in it w Trump or you're
Sen what are you hiding? R u also part of #Russiagate scandal? @POTUS @RepAdamSchiff @SenSchumer @Lawrence @ChrisMurphyCT @SenBookerOffice
Its called "Profiles In Courage" for a reason there needs to be some courage shown by Repub Senators here to call a for special prosecutor
Sen if you fail to seek special pros u r directly responsible 4 demise of democracy & will be remembered 4 this disgrace #SpecialProsecuter
Americans will never give credibility to ANY of Washington politicians if independent investigation is not ordered.
America is demand an Independent Investigation.  We will not stand for less.  Biggest march ever on 6/3 if this doesn't happen.
All the more reason to begin an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!
Senate Intel Chairman Burr on the Dismissal of FBI Director Comey http://www.burr.senate.gov/press/releases/statement-from-senate-intel-chairman-burr-on-the-dismissal-of-fbi-director-comey …
@GOP @TheDemocrats 
#INDEPENDANTINVESTAGATION
Senator Mconnell a #SpecialProsecutor must be appointed for an #INDEPENDANTINVESTAGATION @GOP @TheDemocrats if not America will lose trust
Exactly. That's why Americans need an independent council.
INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR!
INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR!
INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR!
INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR
Exactly.  So have a special, independent prosecutor.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/10/us/politics/comey-russia-investigation-fbi.html?_r=1 … Really? Well then do so. It's so transparent it's laughable.
Appoint a Special Prosecutor. Do your job.
Country over party. Independent investigation needed. Timing & reasoning of Comey firing is odd. @potus & Exec Branch out of control!
When the @POTUS has a cabinet filled with Russian companions, you canNOT make statements like this. #repealreplaceGOP
Restore faith in gov by letting the truth be found through independent investigations or no one will ever believe the outcome.
How long are you going to be @realDonaldTrump bag boy and follow him around cleaning up his messes?
People have lost faith in government The only way to restore it is for all of you to get out of the way and allow a special investigation.
There is too much at stake to not have an independent investigation.  Knock off your gaslighting
Correct, that is why the people of this country want a special investigation!  Do not ignore the voices of Americans! We want truth!
I demand an independent investigation and a special prosecutor.Need answer why Sessions recommended firing Comey after recusing himself?
Exactly why Americans want a independent Special Prosecutor or Commission.
Be a patriot, not a partisan. When Republicans faced this challenge during Watergate, they put country first.
You DO realize your tweeting Mitch McConnell?
TRAITOR
Defend our democracy! Appoint a special prosecutor! I believe in our constitution and it is under attack. Stand up to defend it!
By firing Comey @realdonaldtrump injected politics into @FBI investigation. @POTUS campaign RUS ties THREATEN democracy. Independence needed
Then call for a special prosecutor. We demand an independent investigation.  If you drop this #trumprussia business, then you are complicit.
Not smart enough to cover your own ass? You're no patriot & will go down with the rest of the rats who obstruct block special prosecutor.
So, um, why not appoint a special investigator. Surely that would take politics out of the equation....Answer?
If only there were some sort of nonpolitical option to lead the investigation. Some sort of "independent" investigator.
Right ... but an independent investigation MUST take place!!

YOU TOCK A OATH TO HOLD UP TO THE CONSTITUTION SERVE BY IT UP HOLD TO ITYOU WORK FOR US NOT THE President DO YOUR JOB 
#impeachTrumpnow this why we put there 
You seem to be in collusion you partisan hack.
Special Prosecutor Alan Arkin would figure it all out cuz he knows "The Russians are Coming, The Russians  are  Coming!" bigly.
All the more reason for an independent investigation.
Independent investigation
That's why you need to have an independent investigation.  Otherwise, regardless of outcome this will haunt GOP as it looks like a coverup.
It IS a cover up
THEN GET A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR, you senile baby!!
