Nope. He's a horrible, right-wing nut job who should never have a place on the bench
Um, definitely not if you approve of him!
Defeated Donald Trump begins ranting about how much he resents the Republicans..haha your rabid dog is going to ruin @GOP tremendously sad
Not true. When did Putin purchase you?
Liar. He's a right wing freak.
Mitch is a liar. Can't believe they confirmed this CLOWN.
Darling, could you please define "integrity" for us, from your point of view?  We have been confused lately by your vocabulary choices.
You are very evil man
Is that his real name or the one he used while sharing racist propaganda?
You are a joke leader McConnell one day you will be exposed

Unfortunately none of the @senateGOP senators joined us for this morning's hike. Maybe next time? @SenCapito? @lisamurkowski? 
Why would anybody believe u, ur a lap dog for the pretend president. U sold ur integrity
And @SenSchumer will be a great majority leader in 2018!
Oh great another corrupt New Yorker.
Corrup New Yorker, corrupt Kentuckian, whats it matter?
New York is packed with communists, Kentucky merely has an opertunist.
When your lips are moving, that's when I don't believe a word that comes out
A rave review from you isn't really a benefit, Bitchie Mitchie! #corruptGOP #complicitgop
You don't know what integrity means sell out

Is he a actual judge or a another altra conservative talk show host.? 

Constitutional expert: Donald Trump may not be able to pardon his kids and advisers after all
You know who else was a man of integrity and considerable ability? MERRICK GARLAND!
Recommended and endorsed by you?
Does that mean that he has given his pledge of loyalty to Trump instead of two the constitution and the people of our country?
Liar. Hypocrite. Traitor.
Know he must be great when leftist, Communist idiots have bad things to say.
good get the other 100 judges pushed through. And kill the fillibuster so we can get bills passed.
If you have to tweet your support out loud it sounds like you don't believe it yourself.who are you trying to convince?
NOT - compared abortion to slavery, mocks climate change, talks about gagging our legislators, said "witch is dead" in reference to ACA.
Climate change IS fake. Abortion was promoted by Dems to keep down the black population.Sounds like the facts r right.Thanks for clarifying
I reported you to Twitter for lying.
What the hell do you know about integrity? 40108
Seems to have more character than you. After 8 yrs. of OBSTRUCTION time for you to go.

McConnell's spokesman confirms they have literally no idea what they're voting on next week. Also: good luck with that rewrite. https://twitter.com/StewSays/status/888523213021511681 …
Lying to the Senate about his extremist views = "integrity." Got it. Updating my "McConnell's Dictionary" now to include this new info.
Seriously, how do you sleep at night or are you so delusional it just doesn't matter!?  U want to kill millions of people & u like J Bush!
Where is your integrity?  Will you stand for truth, justice, law and democracy or have you already sold out to Russia?
Sir...I really don't think anyone wants to hear more of your AWFUL opinions or statements. You've proven your just another #Liar
It takes one to know one, and you ain't one.
#Turtle
Mitch sold his soul to the devil for a few coins of silver. Thanks Comrade. Long live #Russia.
You are back to approving judges now. Wow, so great you can do your job when #Obama is out of office. We know what you did the last 8 years.
What the hell do you know about integrity? You're a monster trying to tear down our country.

If the American people had the same healthcare that Congress has there would be no debate

which you cannot say of yourself. As we in Europe think you are rotten to the BONE

When you read his Twitter, you dons see integrity anywhere.
Mitch needs to put an end to the Mueller witch hunt stand up with Trey Gowdy The GOP is not representing its base, not doing what they said
I wouldn't believe you if you told me water was wet.

KEEP IT MOVING!
Too bad you and #CzarTrump have no integrity.

Nobody care about that now! What are you going to do about that shit show in the Oval? What if he fires Muller? When are you going to LEAD?
HEY SENATOR MCCONNELL,
HOW OLD ARE YOU?
MY GOD RETIRE ALREADY!
UR WAY 2 OLD 2  INVOLVED IN PLANNING AMERICN WORKRS FUTURE. 
#RETIREALREADY
Dear Senator, Russian money connection to Trump is obvious. Yet, you and the rep. Congress are equally complicit in your tacit approval.
Did you say that of Jen Bush?
Shhhhhhhaaaataaapppp get that thing you call a neck fixed. It swings all over the place..
Your cognitive dissonance is hanging out. You may wish to tuck that shit back in.
So was Merrick Garland.
You disgust me. Crawl back into your shell.
#MerrickGarlandMerrickGarlandMerrickGarland.......
Looks like people are mighty unhappy with you.. that must make you so proud..
When are you resigning?
Judg'n from liberal hate, must be a conservative or worse constitutionalist they hate that pesky doc! Doubt will find unbiased articl on him
Integrity is some you know nothing about you have none Bush hates LGBTQ and woman he is a right wing blogger
Men of Integrity don't peddle in racist conspiracy theories! #deplorable
CriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminalCriminal UGH
Why don't you resign?
Donald Drumpf unfortunately a Lying, treasonous, bloated criminal POS.  Oh. And he craps his pants .  Wake up .
The biggest compliment I can ever hope to offer you is that at least you're consistent.
First off, your wrong! Second, you are a #disgraceful subpar human being! Third, see second...
If you're endorsing him then he's definitely corrupt. Resign because we will #Resist
When you say it, it sounds like the man should be investigated for murder. You know you have 0 credibility, right?
he's talked about "f--gots" and putting gag orders on your fellow legislators. he's not fit to clean the toilets of that courthouse.
#corruption  (like you care)
you would not know integrity if it came up and slapped you which is what most people dream of doing you weasel of a man....#JailThemAll

Maybe try INTEGRITY yourself and #ImpeachTrumpNow #resign
...STOP THE MEULLER WITCH HUNT NOW
How could a man calling people f*ggts be a man of integrity? #bigot
This the man who compared abortion to slavery? Guess the GOP really wants us to return to 1850!!! Sad that this lunatic will judge us!!
Mr. McConnell,  The last thing I ever want you to ever open your mouth about..EVER, is another judge. No matter what kind. Never. Ever.
No.
This John Bush?
https://elephantsinthebluegrass.blogspot.it/2008/10/brothers-keeper-as-in-keep-that-anti.html?m=1 …
Anyone you would approve of needs extreme vetting.
Why because he's a "politician"
What do you know about integrity you soulless turtle?
Guess we know what "integrity" and "ability" mean to you: this man loves fetuses and hates women, LGBT folks, and women
But what about his anonymous alter ego?
Or not....
Doesn't seem so mainstream.....https://twitter.com/make5calls/status/887719459112333312 …
John Bush’s hostility to the LGBTQ community and extreme views on women's rights make him completely unfit to serve on the Federal Courts.
What the fuck do you know about integrity?
If you say he has integrity, I'm assuming he does not. Delivered up by the right wing Federalist Society, no doubt.
Of course, racist liars fit the GOP agenda well, polio boy.
ROFLMAO!  talks about slavery, wants to gag legislators like you.  Yeah, right.
McConnel, you have no credibility left. Anyone you support is going to have a tough time.
You have zero credibility.  There must be something wrong with this nominee
Based on other comments, I knew Mitch was lying. We don't wan Mitch McConnell cronies
If you say John Bush has integrity, it must be a lie
Like you, does he also hate women and Americans?
SHAMEFUL hate politics YOU'VE EMBOLDENED @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Denounce and STOP SUPPORTING These #Nazi's
No, he isn't. Stop lying. He is a conspiracy theorist. Speaks volumes of ypur values.
#ImpeachTrumpNow   #GOPsucks  #TrumpRussiaCollusionConfirmed  GOP GO HOME
You need to retire
How about a repeal of Obamacare, liar?
If you say it means he is questionable.
I trust nothing you say.
Preaching to thy self again? 2/3rds of country see thru the madness why can't you? Forefathers would be horrified regarding Congress antics.
Well the system has done the right thing, they freed OJ, now let's continue to do the right thing and put TRUMP in his place
You've lost your credibility. Retire.
Nope
If you support him it is safe to say he is corrupt and partisan, just like you.
mr. leader fix Obamacare improve it and make it better for all Americans and no tax breaks for your rich friends ! DO YOUR JOB
Russia
No integrity. He lied to the Senate and your bias because he's from Kentucky.
Wow, I was focused on his misogynistic comments about women, his Anti-LGBTQ slurs & so much more. You do know the def. of integrity, right?
Shut up
Thank god we defeated these Lefty haters. Taking America back one step at a time.
integrity among white men, considerable ability against persons of color and women?  Just parsing here.
This coming from a man who is lower than a snakes nutsack...no thank you.
Another poor choice filling the swamp
Not true, but not much integrity left in the GOP congress, and definitely none in th Administration.  John McCsin was my last hope!
so he bribed you to get him that? cause I know you don't approve of anything that doesn't put $$$ in your pocket...CROOK....TRAITOR
Lol
Bullshit. Russian connections. Man up McConnell
Your saying someone is a man of integrity is like a hooker declaring someone to be a person of chastity.
He is actually the exact opposite.
you just placed white nationalist, racist, birther, conspiracy theorist into lifetime seat. our confidence in you McConnell & @GOP is gone
When is @GOP going to stop betraying country, Americans, democracy, security by supporting traitorous @POTUS, collusion with Russia, lies?
There is no way I would trust you to choose anyone for anything
As long as he's a Conservative, it will make me happy.


blah blah blah
He must be an awful person if you are endorsing him.
Wrong again
So what about @POTUS?? Keep defending him.
If you approve of Joh Bush, it is a clear sign that he serves your constituency - the 1%. No Bush for you.
I doubt it
Does he get to wear the red hood or a white one? Oh wait, I forgot - YOU'RE the Grand Wizard and get the red one so his must be white.
McConnell, you are without an ounce of credibility. Why should your opinion matter? You have no integrity and your constituents know that!
No, he won't.
NO,NO,NO to john bush!!Anyone you endorse should not be trusted!!GOP TRAITORS
You will be a #PrisonMitch soon. Cell mate of @SpeakerRyan #RussianMoneyLaundering 
No matter how many times you repeat it, it doesn't make it true.
He's a fucking birther, just like your traitor @POTUS
Well if you support him.....it clear that we  need to be worried.
Horrible human! No thank you!
@SenateMajLdr please take notes & try to emulate his integrity.
RUNNING PUPPET 
WRONG!
He must be a real sleazeball, then.
I doubt it. Like you, he dismisses women's issues as secondary and http://irritating.You  both belong in an earlier century.
Great. Now You should work on getting 9th circuit judges disbursed or replaced.
why have you not approved him yet then?? U have the power...
Mitch, if you support him, I'm sure he will be disastrous to our democracy, as are you.
https://www.google.co.uk/amp/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_596f960be4b01696c6a239f6/amp … nope.
We're not having anything you say anymore!
Get the REPEAL DONE!
Where do you come up with these homophobic, climate deniers, anti-women nominees? Right Wing Blogger? Really? @NCJW @LWV @nwlc @CoryBooker
Not for women or LGBT Americans
Old man up from his nappy time everyone. Still on his dinosaur thought process!
NOT.
And you are NOT !!! Time to step aside!!!
In effective
Merrick Garland would have been an outstanding on the SCOTUS, but you obstructed that. Makes me think you don't know what "integrity" means.
Judge like Merrick Garland would have been an outstanding Justice of SCOTUS, hypocrite.
You must really hate him to give him your endorsement.  
than confirm him. without further bs. 
What about dozens and dozens of Trump nominees? Are you complicit in sabotage? Bc crony donors?
Whomever you consider having integrity is a joke, clearly you possess none.22-32 million without healthcare, you are showing your integrity
Let's not distract from the fact you have a majority and can't pass anything
Would you define "Integrity" for us please?
War is peace, freedom is slavery, we've always been at war with Eastasia.
I wish the people of the United States could say the same about you.  You lack integrity AND ability.  You are an embarrassment. #putz

LIAR!! PUTIN money is all over you and it won't wash off. TRAITOR!!
no more judge confirmations while "so called" president Trump holds office
I'm sure he'd be a better judge than you are leader of the senate; but that's setting the bar pretty low. What's his stance on collusion?
keep up work on nominating gop judges to federal courts...if u cant pass hcare legislation now, work on courts....
You're endorsing? Can't be good!
Unlike you
Is it the same kind of integrity you have? If so , no thanks. Your kind of integrity is going to kill many and prevent them from med care.
