The least you could do is make the IRS mandate penalties for not buying what you can't afford $10 so you don't have to change Obamacare.
Keep your Promise
Teledl dermatology should be BANNED! MRSA is increasing & teledermatology can not assay a wound. This will exacerbate antibiotic resistance!
If Graham Cassidy fails you must fire McCain from his Chairmanship and you must resign, small business needs help you are not it#loser
ACA is not failing the American people.

So people are going to travel around the country to get a colonoscopy or pap smear? Health care is a regional market.
Obamacare doesn’t cover any$ Services done outside of your zip code sucks 4 families that travel 4 a job & kids out of state 4 college
Free market healthcare is the only way that have to take preexisting and have to cross state line but then let them compete for our money
Repeal and Replace, or GO HOME! Permanently
So then why didn't you and the rest of the senate pass the house bill?  Huh ZZZIIIIPPPYYY.....too busy kneeling in front of dems and McCain?
Graham plan is ignorant
We want Executive Order TERMINATE ALL ACA SUBSIDIES on 1 Oct 2017! Before hundreds of millions are screwed via open enrollment!
Stop killing & bankrupting hardworking middle class Americans with obama ACA HMO hell care!!   And BAN imported sub par toxic generics!
No teleheath -it is a LAST RESORT for remote areas,  United Hell Care charges $12k prems + 6 K deductibles before insurance kicks in.
UNITED HEALTH CARE financially RAPES families vis extorting 17K/yr from gov't contractor employees + $70 additional for 5 min TELEHELL calls
What is it about LAST CHANCE to repeal Obamacare that you don't understand? Dems will NEVER vote to change Obamacare!!
Mitch McTurtle is a devious, power-hungry bandit.
Bring me @SenateMajLdr and call security - bring some boxes - empty his office while I collect his magnetic badge and break the news to him
This dude sucks Republican leadership has to go.
Three tries and you are still unable to get enough votes from your own party. Isn't it time to do the right thing and work to fix ACA?
Mitch and Donald @realDonaldTrump  need to pull up their Big Boy Panties and repeal the affordable care act (Period).
Misinformation is not a way to make policy
McConnell u hv been outflanked again and again and again by Nancy/Chucky
Work in a bi-partisan fashion to shore up ACA and keep pre-existing conditions- no American should die!
Ummm free medical from coochie 2 grave. How's that for a bill name? "COOCHIE TO GRAVE"
$30 million to waste 3.5 years of what the people want? Sad.
.
#AlabaMAGAgeddon for @SenateMajLdr?
.
#MAGAgeddon
NEVER,
Give us what you've got-full coverage. Or join all the people you want to throw off coverage.
Try to reclaim our Republic instead of attempting to force Socialism on us. Get out of Healthcare. Free market best. Return education too.
For the love of God will you please retire!!!
Copying Hitler's genocide that was based on  GOP eugenics from the early 1900's is not new or better
Can pass a good bill: mandate all pre-existg cond at NO XTRA $, no Medicaid reduct, all must join, not ballon deficit. This will pass!!
We will remember what u did during this time. We won't forget. U all will pay one way or another. Just like us...u all will suffer also!
You've been slowly suffocating Obamacare; that's not failure it's murder. Failure is you and GOP trying to pass #trumpcare and kill seniors.
Would you get all the fucking @SenateGOP in a damn room and find out what they will pass and don't let them leave until they tell us?
2/2 That's right, it would require selfless leadership—not known in Senate. Not abt who is best but who is nxt dinosaur in line.
No, it shows we need better Senatorial leadership! Why don't you be noble, step down & mentor T Scott to be top leader in Repub Senate? 1/2
How and for who 
Mr McConnell the Republican voters have lost all our respect 4 your ability 2 get Trumps agenda past u failed we woukd like u to resign
Deep frustration from conservative & donors, w pace of progress in Washington swamp w Rep controlling Congress & WH.
You are the one who has failed Mitch. 3 times in 7 months.
You are on the wrong side of history. You will be remembered poorly for what you have been trying to do to Americans






I really know it is time for 25th admendent section 4 now before Trump kills the world
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/09/25/irans-supposed-missile-launch-was-fake-us-officials-say.html …
We have a bigger issue now
Americans hate this craven bull/bill
how about aid for Puerto Rico, they are American citizens. Dont wait for trump he cares only for caucasians.
How is kicking 32 million off, defending Medicaid, allowing life time caps, charge more or deny for preexisting conditions, etc...
 better?
Couldn't be more against #GrahmCassidy that you're trying to ram through. You don't have average American's interest in mind. #SavetheACA
You selfish ignorant POS,
It's NOT a Better plan.

But it's great for your greedy Insurance Co CEO donors...
But youre a failure and had 7 years and failed
That's a crock and you know it.
Whoever's running Ole Betch BaConnell's twitter accounts today is telling lies like lies have never been told before; even Trump's impressed
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 

