Today @EPAScottPruitt issued an Agency-wide directive designed to end “sue and settle”: https://www.epa.gov/newsreleases/administrator-pruitt-issues-directive-end-epa-sue-settle … 
A good bill..now approve rest of 300 House Bills laying in the @SenateGOP 
WE ELECTED & SUPPORT PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP
Lawyer and Obstructionist Pruitt sued the EPA 28 times. He sued over Chesepeake Bay, which was a success. He is a dirty rotten  Kochsucker!
phug off turkey
Why won't Mitch McConnell show some leadership and pass a law to make it illegal?
Because he and his wife might lose their jobs and have to face people back in Kentucky
Coal Coal Coal  in your fingernails?  Kentucky Coal miners is what this is all about. You don't give a rats ass about USA air and pollution.
@EPAScottPruitt, the guy who's pretty much a shill for special interests?
Senator you are a man without honor you should be ashamed very ashamed.
Of course you would. After lunch with POS in Chief. You now are going to the dark side with the death of our planet killer.
Yeah he's just great Mitch. Maybe he can roll back more pollution laws to help his coal and oil buddies too. You should cut their taxes.
A true apostate of Satan; men will die by virtue of his decisions for generations
Cough, cough
You are anti-environment as are most Repugs.
Mitch is it true you have a tattoo of Ric Flair on your taint?
SCOTT PRUITT & MITCH McConnell -  SELL OUR CLEAN AIR & WATER FOR $$$$ DISGUSTING SWAMP MONSTERS. IMMORAL, UNETHICAL, UNCONSCIONABLE
How many times did Pruitt sue EPA so he could pollute? He is the interest group.
Be careful what you wish for.
Seriously!? Idiocy pd by energy companies. Not the will of the public.

Now is not the time to talk about safeguarding our planet’s welfare from cataclysmic species collapse.
History will not remember you or this administration well. Your legacy will be one of distruction.
That is one way to end all the lawsuits the EPA had against him.
LIAR! ENABLER! Its sociopath @realDonaldTrump will! BIRTHER IN-CHIEF taking from struggling families whatever @BarackObama helped them with!
Rest in Peace Soldiers
Instead he enforces the will of those destroying the environment for money.
Instead of leading Kentucky into the future, you lie to your constituents and give them false hope about coal jobs. 
Shame on you @SenateMajLdr & shame on @EPAScottPruitt - you are liars who do dirty work for big biz & don’t care for your people.
Does this mean that when firms like @MonsantoCo or @exxonmobil violate pollution laws they will be penalized and forced to plead GUILTY?
Make easier to save big business to pollute our land in order to make quick buck & takeaway the people ability to sue to stop them assholes
You will be tried for treason against the US. Along with the #MadKing.
BULLSHIT.  We know EXACTLY why you're a #KOCH sucker.  It has NOTHING to do with the will of the People and everything to do with $$$$$$$$$$

Funny. I condemn @EPAScottPruitt for putting money above people, animals and the environment.
How much $$$ are you making off of deregulation?
Feckless McConnell.
You could learn a lot from him.  Unfortunately for all of us, we know you won't.
You do everything in your power to destroy healthcare, environment, democracy.  You kill people for a living
It's as if you work hard to kill people in passive ways.
As well as cancer, Kentucky (remember us?!) also dealing with opioid epidemic. As your @GOP friends collude 2 keep opioids killing.
So now when drinking water is polluted ???
Kentucky is #1 in cancer rates due 2coal,lack of environmental protection. 
You celebrate removing healthcare & causing more cancer. #FYou
BOO! BAD BILL HURTING OUR ENVIROMENT!SHAME CONTAMINATING OUR AIR & WATER!
This just keeps getting worse and worse.
Call it what it is Mitch...a cover your ass ploy by the rich so you don’t get sued.
Industry shill Pruitt evades the will of the American people every day.
Outlaw murdering babies.
Outlaw sodomy.
Outlaw divorce.
Outlaw alcohol.
Outlaw pornography
He is supposed to protect the environment not destroy it!
How about doing the reverse and stop letting offenders off with “no fault “ buyouts?
What is wrong with you people?!
You've all turned it into the Environment Pollution agency. Shameful.
Jerk. You’re happy to see our air, water, crops poisoned and mountaintops removed
I agree. A very good move.
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!!!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!!!!
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER!!!!!!!
what a crock of shit. Pruitt & Icahn have destroyed any GOOD work by EPA & continue to F@ck us over. interest groups/lawmakers/ #60Minutes
Leader McConnell, I hear the circumcision resulted in brain damage. Sending my sincerest condolences on the loss of your brain function.
Wanting clean air and water is not a "special interest."
(But coal is.)
He's killing us with his diabolical assault on the environment.
Really? 
We always have that other planet to go to.
Yes he is working Try it!!
We Love fouled water 
We Love polluted air.

If the 1% get their profits. ......
Do you spend all weekend making shit up
...  you're welcome for my honesty
u are a sick man Mitchy baby... even though i cant stand bannon.. I actually hope he does do u in... you destructive old #uselesstit
Dear Leader gets on board with Trump appointees who want to destroy government.
Everyone that is a party to this should go to jail. Our environment is not here for Pruitt to ruin.
About time the EPA Gestapo get neutered.
We the people of the nation will surely condemn you for your actions to destroy the health and lives of the people. You are immoral.
EVIL PERSONIFIED
Trash the environment! Pollute the streams! Kill the wildlife! Make corporations richer! The @GOP party offucking morons has arrived!!
"I commend Scott Pruitt for killing the planet" - McConnell translation

"Sue&Settle" sound a lot like "Fast&Furious". Also sounds like fine cover for executive 'overreach' edicts which result in rights litigation
He us his own interest group and not honest

You have Koch on your mouth.


@SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell of KENTUCKY☻
Ready for more?

Pruitt is the worst environmental protector ever. He's protecting something, but it's not the environment.
In the rest of the world 'GOP' is rapidly becoming as dirty a word as Trump has been since his rise. Good bye Pax Americana.
All because EPA has been trying to protect environment.  And @POTUS  hates them - so you'll shut it down!!  Anything to bid President @dummy
"Hey, somebody's car leaked oil."
"Nah, that just where @EPAScottPruitt was standing."
As in you taking $$ from drug companies and handcuffing the DEA?
jr tRump no need air and water, big tRump all I need

Screw a CLEAN ENVIRONMENT RIGHT A$$HOLE???
Pruitt NOT protecting the future of the one of a kind #salmon in Bristol Bay, #ALASKA ://
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
Pruitt is about like you, another air head Republican to mess everything up.

TRANSLATION: They use lawsuits to STOP POLLUTERS! McConnell is the biggest SLEAZEBALL in Washington! A lying POS! 
Just like you passed Marino's bill to handcuff DEA. YOU'RE COMPLICIT IN DRUG EPIDEMIC!

#YouSuck
What about when special interest groups use congress and EPA to roll back protections for citizens to make more $? Applaud that too?
https://twitter.com/_ST3V3N_W/status/920019953037860866 …
Is the KKK a special interest group?
Unearthed footage shows DJT squeezing & kissing a woman while talking about offering a job to a 'beautiful' teenager 
If anybody knows just how well special intrest groups work to control government, it’s you.
You support the draft dodging sec criminal I  the WH, why would you oppose protecting our environment
You should scroll through Mitch's twitter followers and see how many have never tweeted. Too funny. Fake followers for a fake leader.
That charge is flatly false & the Trump EPA's pro-polluter responses are harmful for Americans. See
Blah blah blah
Hmm. So special interest groups are not real Americans?
YOU criticizing the influence of special interest groups is the height of hypocrisy! You should be ashamed but you apparently have no shame!
Those lawsuits are what got the Superfund act started to clean up projects like the Love Canal

The American public wants their kids to be able to swim in our rivers without getting sick.

Except that's not what it did & that's not what he's fixing. Great rundown of what's really going on:
Buckle up. Tweet storm coming on @EPAScottPruitt's serial falsehoods & political posturing on the topic of EPA legal settlements. https://twitter.com/jwalkenrdc/status/919946568568070144 …
.. So you are tryig to imply you work for the people and not your lobbyist pals ? 
How about asking for the taxpayers $$$ back for his ridiculous abuse of spending!! He's a Swamp thing Liar!
America is still waiting for Merrick Garland’s hearing.
You are a fucking soulless pig!
Congress created EPA - the will of America not to dump toxic waste in our rivers, pollute the skies, and put a price tag on environment.
Mitch how was lunch with THE PRESIDENT can you share what you talked about?
Your owners approve of this message.
Really? You’re an unbelievable liar. How you can make such statements with a straight face is stunning!
Basically, you mean you don’t like it when you don’t have any control...the will of Congress & public my ass
Must've been something good for the environment if you're happy it's going away.

Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 
You have to be more strong sir,
Saw UR press conference w/Dear Leader of the Republican Party. The people at the end of Old Yeller looked happier than U.
Stop killing us!
Does this we now must directly sue congress?
Do team work together 
Thread 
Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 

I commend you for being a complete @realDonaldTrump ass-kisser and for destroying the environment.

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
There is nothing to commend Scott Pruitt for anything he is doing with the EPA....you should be ashamed to even be mentioning it.
You are complicit in the corruption and dismantling of America's institutions. WE SEE YOU.
All that clean water was hurting profits

You’re a corrupt criminal.
You evade the will of the American public every day in the Senate. Does that make youa special interest group or just doing their will???
Crawl back in your shell you, Myrtle.
Does this mean we can sue for action when a public health threat is not mitigated?
Yep, we're just going to assume you commend all complete fucking morons from here on out, Mitch.

Does it make sense that the head of the @EPA is a #climatechange denier?




GFY.
