Congratulations on finally coming out as an atheist. Who needs compassion, right? So old-fashioned!
Atheists are compassionate. He's a toady.
Yeah it's a rebound . He would surely say – no I am totally a Christian. I'd say – Of what? Bizarro world bible? Cause damn you're mean!
Many of the people who voted you in are gonna die without health insurance. Self defeating strategy.
This has nothing to do with the people of KY. You are only loyal to your corporate sponsors.
I hope that you are voted out of office as you only care for the rich.
Repeal with no plan? Perhaps you have forgotten you work for all people?

As a former Kentucky resident, I am saddened how little you care about the people in that state.  Your ego is more important than your state
Vote NO!! the bill sucks!
Many in KY are going to lose health insurance if you have your  way.
Once again party over country. You don't represent us in Kentucky, you're only interested in yourself and your GOP.
He came back and made the most important speech of his life. Full of truths that the American people are yearning for you to follow.
You would never make it in the real world Mitch. You'll go down in history...
Hey Mitch
A hole
Please, vote NO! For all our sakes in KY. You know this will cost KY lives. Country before party.  People before tax cuts.
They're going to vote you out.
As you know, Ashley Judd has "considered " running against him for some time. Maybe  she will pull the trigger in the next election.
It's amazing your medical care as was covered by a government plan and now you want to leave millions without coverage
Some day soon 2018 Karma will be knocking on the door and will take your seat as the minority leader
IF YOU FAIL TO REPEAL AND REPLACE U WILL B REPLACED BY REPUBS WHO HAVE THE PEOPLE'S NEEDS IN MIND!
What about me and ALL the ppl that asked you to vote NO. We don't even exist to you. You won't even reply. #Coward
Did you also tell them and 20 million people you are hopeful that they die?
Hope only Kentucky's people lose their healthcare McConnell.
You will leave millions without coverage. You are truly DEPLORABLE
And it will be the death of the GOP. Thanks McConnell!
Please do!
How does it feel to lose?  You must be getting used to it by now.
Can't you try harder to do it right? Why settled for shit?
Just read an article by Fox News (April) Sen McConnell has a 47% DISAPPROVAL rating in Kentucky!
Imagine the  When they lose insurance 
Your beloved KY has Largest number of ppl on Medicaid in US. Sit back and bask in ur victory. Watch them die.
Shame on you for removing viable healthcare from millions. A curse on you and yours
I warned u Kentuckians not 2 trust Mcdickhead. He started the process 2 FUCK u & all Americans. He basically stabbed all of us in the back
It’s ridiculous that I have to say this. Knowing what we’re voting on should be a requirement.
Sick man terrible soul
All because you hated president Obama what a sad day in history.shame on you and god have mercy on your soul. Vote you out

And we will work to vote you out of office! You are a sorry excuse for a human!
Totally wrong pack your bags sir. Healthcare must remain ACA
Did you happen tell all the 300,000  Kentuckians who are on Medicaid your plans?
U arn't killing Obamacare, Ur killing ur neighbors. Repeal & Replace sounds catchy, but ur playn with ur votrs lives. U makn life n Ky suk.
You are totally willing to screw the people of KY.  HACK
Vote yes to raise our rates 20% and leave 15M uninsured. Party over the People for your gain.
Can't wait to see your walk of shame in 2018 as you are all voted out. & I would recommend investigating his finances as I'm sure he's dirty
And the people of #kentucky expect total transparency on the debate of #Trumpcare
LOL #GOP had 8years for S #Healthcare Plan. #noplan. #GOP doesn't believe in #healthcare. Sadly, few will #listen2JohnMcCain. #AmericanHero
Shame on you and i hope you know you may be taking lives by not having good HealthCare for our Citizens!  U R Ludicrous!
Poor Kentuckians are dependent on Medicare or Medicaid. It is not ethical to take away healthcare. That is not what Jesus would do. #ProLife
No your selfish
Have fun failing again.
Can't say it was a pleasure. I'm sure your not the first to go into battle and fall on your own sword. Enjoy retirement...

"Move beyond Obama care", what does that really mean? We want full repeal as you promised.
In order to cut taxes for the rich... He'll cut our medical institutions down to the ground. That's what this is.
Let those of who depend on Medicare for our special needs kids pray McConnell Care doesn't benefit the rich over children
Will stay tuned in

Parson piece of crap

And how many of them will you deny healthcare
And many of your constituents have been fooled into thinking you mean them well.
As a NY-er, I will donate to any opponent of yours.  Please Kentuckians, vote this egotistical, unChristian disgrace out of office.
So you are willing to screw your own constituents. Sad. Very sad.
Only a small percentage in his district make enough for him to consider them constituents.
You are, unquestionably, the most loathsome human being in the Senate. And that's saying something. #worsethancruz
This is murder.
So terrible your bill will kill thousands
You are voting to take away a lot of folks insurance.
And by doing so you will hurt millions of people...unconscionable act!
2018 will tell wether the GOP got it right by voting them out. GOP is cutting their own throats
What a cunning guy McConnell is. Pushing a vote to please Trump never mind how devastating for the Americans
Really feel bad for your constituents.
We are going to vote everyone of you out of office.
Did u have town hall meetings, did u listen to your constituents?! Your state received Medicaid to help w healthcare costs! Only 12% approve
Shame on you!
Why don't you repeal your own healthcare while you're taking away ours, you know the people who pay for yours! Leech!
You are an evil man!
Well yeah, i think if anyone would vote for a bill to strip millions of healthcare it would be the guy that wrote it. Great job, senator.
I wish you luck in your future as minority leader.
That just sounds like your moving on with no replacement, no plan and leaving the citizens of Kentucky behind!
Your BCRA bill is ridiculous. Write a bill that limits big pharma & insurers from making $billions each year
Please add Senator Rand Paul's amendment!


SHAME.  SHAME.  SHAME.

Republicans are voting yes on a bill and they don't even know what's in it. EVERY American should be upset about this. COUNTRY OVER PARTY !!
Remember "we've got to vote it in before we see what's in it" statement?    Anything would beat Obummercare
Nobody has said that Obamacare doesn't have problems. It would be easier to fix Obamacare than start completely over.
1st problem it is complete crap. 2nd problem is the penalty 1 pays for not having insurance, that's a  load of crap. 3rd problem, it's crap
It needs scrapped altogether and start over or better yet get government out of it. Free market works a lot better.
It's not complete crap. It has helped a lot of people. Trump and his supporters want to remove everything that has the Obama name on it.
It is complete crap, it was a lie from the beginning. It has hurt more people than helped. More people lost their regular doctors over it.
You should be fired for not doing your job.  Sending this to vote without sharing for the public is authoritarian and undemocratic!
You are voting to give even more to Those With More Than Enough & get rid of millions of Those Without Enough You should show some #Shame
Hey, Mitch, there is a website in your honor

Hmm...

Shameful
McConnell cares about nobody but himself. I don't know how the Republicans can sleep at night. This is absolutely APPALLING !!
Shame on you.
Thanks Mitch.Thanks Speaker Ryan Thank you Honest Don for attempting to return the right to choose what products voters are required to buy.
An old rich white guy making decisions on Health Care what a joke!
The people are telling you what we WANT - #KILLTHEBILL #DONTGOBACK #SHAME
Trump is doing a most excellent job and you are ruining it for him. #allyourfault
Don't #sell your #Soul - #WorkWithUs #dotherightthing #CountryOverParty #SaveMedicaid #ProtectTheACA
Yep bow down like the American people thought you would. When will you Republicans think about the people instead of yourselves
#KillTheBill
Mitch the Lying Trump AssKissing Murderer of Americans
LISTEN TO AMERICANS IN THE HALL!!
You're a liar, a cheat, and a poison to our government! DISGRACE!!!
I can't wait to vote these crooked lying Republicans out of office in 2018 and 2020.
What an evil and vengeful man and it will cost millions of Americans their healthcare. #shameonhim
#wipeout your constituents #savemedicaid #savemedicare #saveACA

In 2009, McConnell *literally* said this: “We shouldn’t rush again on something as important & costly as health care.” Is it not true today? 
