https://vimeo.com/220699607  #prison [Smiley avec des petites oreilles pointues. C'est trop miaw les smileys.]

Instead of giving 60 percent of new tax cuts to the richest Americans, we should expand the EITC to make up for decades of wage stagnation. 
How about going after the Islamic supremacists
How can a man with a 18% approval rating not be worried about reelection. 

NEW POLL: McConnell's approval rating plummets to 18 percent in Kentucky http://hill.cm/3REFv2t  
Enough with the prayers do something nitwit!
Does the GOP stand united w/ the Brown Citizen Victims of Trumps Pardon of Arpaio.?
Can't wait til it next election, all the Soros money in world won't buy you a reelection. All that talk about majority when you're just cya
When will you #ImpeachTrump for being a white supremacist?  He encourages home-grown racism and terror!
You think we all went Republican for u and ur party?  WRONG! We went to support Trump and OUR ADGENDA.  We will leave if U don't follow!
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/899679259157037057 …
If you censure our potus ..America will censure you...if you destroy America...you will answer to God....tekel
Good luck Mitch! Your approval in KY is 18%! Twice your national! NO RINOS NO DEMS 2018! #trumptrain #maga #tcot #ccot #nra #americaFirst
If @POTUS pardons #Arpaio in Arizona, you've got to #ImpeachTrump. #Indefensible

NEW POLL: McConnell's approval rating plummets to 18 percent in Kentucky http://hill.cm/3REFv2t  
@SpeakerRyan spe

YOU NEED TO DECIDE,
AMERICA'S US CONSTITUTION 
OR 
LEFT COMMUNISM.

DECIDE NOW. 

WE'RE DONE.
About bomb thrown into mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota on Aug 4th? Does the senate community stand united against homegrown terrorists too?



NEW POLL: McConnell's approval rating plummets to 18 percent in Kentucky http://hill.cm/3REFv2t  
You are allowing @potus to destroy our country and promote hate....
How about this... fix Obamacare instead of removing it and be the hero! I am an RN who sees the good it was trying to do.
It would be great if you stood with the people of America as well.
The terrorist organization otherwise know as the KKK just got wind from Trumps Pardon of Arpaio Will McConnell stand up with Arpaios victims
Times up Mitch. You're through!
WE WANT YOU TO RESIGN! YOU ARE DOING NOTHING TO HELP POTUS
Aaaaaand... "Poll: Mitch McConnell's Kentucky Approval Rating Plummets to 18 Percent" http://bit.ly/2xlEScA 

You are a joke! Standing w the alt left?? What the hell is wrong with u? Will b a pleasure to see u go. #maga #trumptrain #draintheswamp
Big deal...another attack coming. Same bullshit coming out of spineless appeasing politicians
The POTUS is making the word "white" *darker* than ever a POTUS has done before... or maybe I'm just crazy?
Yeah, you're just CRAZY
Just like you! See! We're more alike than one would think! Wow! Isn't it fun to be crazy? 
What no tweets about 40,000 in Boston? Maricopa county Dems raised $20k in ten minutes today because people are upset with Republicans
If they only knew the truth about the Democrat party
But YOU don't stand united with US against NAZI SYMPATHIZERS

NEW POLL: McConnell's approval rating plummets to 18 percent in Kentucky http://hill.cm/3REFv2t  
What are you going to do about @POTUS? He's completely unhinged. He attack you & McCain, but defends racists at #Charlottesville #Impeach
When will you stand with America and rebuke the president's moral equivalence between racists and those who stand against hate?
Stop. Trump called out Nazis. Obama invited BLM and AntiFa to White House. Seriously. Shame on you. So dishonest.
Dear Senator: Our @POTUS is "careening out of control." @DavidAFrench

Looking for RINO List of Senators that MUST GO??

Here's a start - minus Tim Scott which is a surprise. https://twitter.com/steph93065/status/899476503464779776 …
America doesn't stand together for itself how can it stand together for the people of Spain.
Do not silence our president @realDonaldTrump Youre at 18% approval rating. We know how corrupt D.C. Is. Gas on a fire if u do this. #MAGA
These people are the result of NAFTA.  If they had real good paying jobs they would have better things to do! NEED tax reform & Repeal Now!!
Stop fighting Trump and get his agenda done - it's what we voted for ! Or we'll be getting rid of you, too !
.@SenateMajLdr 

The Left-If they don't believe as we do, we'll destroy 'em:
*Slander
*Obstruct
*Condemn
*Riot
NOT democracy!
#SupportTrump
quit allowing the left to sidetrack POTUS' agenda. Unite @GOP n get to work! How do u think ocare passed? UNITE. FOCUS. #MAGA
So sorry to hear you're voting to censure POTUS today. Sure hope this isn't true if you want votes to be reelected. Stand with the people!
You say you stand with these people all the time, but you won't support our President who wants to actually stop these things! Get BTW!MAGA!
When do you ever denounce homegrown white terrorists?
TAR AND FEATHER THIS TRAITOR 2 OUR POTUS
HES PAID BY SOROS 2 RUIN OUR AGENDA & we the people 
Im not hapoy ur going2Hell but fyiCantTake$$
If you want to foil Trump & Bannon you will have to work with @TheDemocrats @SenSchumer ; Bannon is going to turn Breitbart on you not Trump
Hope you accomplish something to help Americans Senator! God bless! Try to govern as promised!
YOUR THE L/EADER OF REP. PLEASE STOP THIS BILL DEMS. R INTRODUCING ON FLOOR ON 8/21/17 TODAY TO SENSOR PRESID. TRUMPS TALKING STOP THIS BILL
Need to vote Establishment anti-American citizens McConnell out if office.
Rumor has it McConnell is against the people.
Stand united with @realDonaldTrump that is what we expect from you!! #maga
It's too bad you can't stand united with the American people and our POTUS.
You vote yes tomorrow your senate seat is gone and you will be voted out next election says "we the people"
If you fail to stop the attempted censure of the POTUS,the citizens of this state will boot you from office.See election results.
talk is cheap....your words mean nothing without action.  Remove the fascist from the WH
If you Censure, then you're a TRAITOR
are you planning on voting to censure the president tomorrow? If so, Ur days are numbered. True democrat is what u are.
We the ppl support our President!
The time has come to ask for Donal Trumps resignation. If he continues in office, he'll destroy America.
Come out of your shell and do something about th jackass you helped put in office. Clean up after yourself.

Do me a favor, Mitch. Bring in some more refugee terrorist so we can have the same terrorist attacks as other countries.
Speak for yourself, Mitch. As an American I don't stand for any other country but mine and I'm not to sure about that at this point.
https://twitter.com/Marcus4America/status/899297623437225984 …
Why R U not relentlessly pounding the Democrat leadership over their silence after a Democrat called for assassination of @realDonaldTrump
Along with Ryan, you 2 have allowed this to happen. It began with birtherism and blocking Obama's SCOTUS didn't help
Missouri Senator should have to resign I'm from Missouri Im appalled I dont want her representation she needs maybe prosecuted Terror threat
No Agenda is worth this. You've betrayed this country in every way possible. This is your legacy.

Mitch, you gotta go!
YOU REFUSED FBI,DOJ TO ALLOW CONGRESS TO INFORM THE US RE:TRUMP RUSSIA INVESTIGATION JUNE 2016 NOW "YOU GET RID OF TRUMP"COUNTRY OVER PARTY
Please insist that senator Chappell Nadal be charged with treason for calling for the assassination of an American President.  Disgraceful!
After humiliating your wife, you say nothing about the crazy man in the WH. Grow a spine

Are you refusing to condemn your demented POTUS because of your enormous hatred for women and minorities, or is it because Putin owns you?
Seig Heil motherfucker… #ProTip: The South will fall again and again and again. You're welcome…  Have A Nice Day
BREAKING: Duke University says it has removed statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee after it was vandalized.
A friend just likened u to a human snapping turtle
Stand united for We The People, repeal Obamacare now, Do the Job or Be Replaced

You going to Boston? Be the voice of reason? I didn't think so.
MITCH NEEDS TO BE VOTED OUT FOR NOT STANDING BEHIND POTUS!! ALONG WITH PAUL RYAN, THEY THINK HILLARY CAN SAVE THEM, BUT GODS IN CONTROL
ARE YOU INCLUDED IN THE CLINTON/ SOROS PAYOFF? EXPLAINS WHY YOUR NOT DOING ANYTHING DOESN'T IT. YOU WILL LOSE
Clinton Fdn. bought @SpeakerRyan v. Trump:

Email: “He is on board, will retract invitation to speak.”

…
Due in part to shitty congressional leadership, America doesn't stand united with itself, much less anyone else...
What does the left have on you McConnell or are you just naturally a sleazy politician?
TERM LIMITS!!
With an understaffed government because of the DECONSTRUCTION is America safer?
We need repeal and replace my sister's healthcare plan. I'm more upset than she is, because you guys told us you were going to do it!
You and Ryan can't hide in the closet anymore, get out there and do your jobs, or you will be fired.
Support the Americans you represent and if your president is incompetent say that do to the people you are representing and impeach him,
What is your opinion on Trumps response to the Charlottesville incident? Seems you are hiding in the closet. You were one of his supporters
Grow a pair Mitch!! The country is watching & waiting.  History will judge you & it won't be good.
"I keep hearing that Gorsuch is a "victory" for Trump. NO. It's the shameful theft of a SCOTUS pick from America's first black president."
What about the victims of the Charlottsville terrorist attack?
I think it's time for you to pack it in too.

You don't stand united on anything
crocodile tears
U need to give americans your condolences for ignoring Trump supporters and Lying to us
Resign or get defeated in next election
But, we still have a Nazi in the WH that believes terror attacks on Americans is ok.#impeachtrump

Oh sure words are easy time to really take control of the Senate and lead them to pass ACA Repeal & Replace
Shut up McConnell, you suck up to the #AltLeft and #Fakenews more every day.
Leader, please advise POTUS to resign or be impeached-- his choice. To save the country.
@SenateMajLdr you're a Sissy McConnell!!
TIME TO IMPEACH
STAND for your PRESIDENT! - REMOVE Senator Maria Chappelle-Nadal -Missouri for facebook post calling for Assassination of President Trump!
U 2 shall b held accountable Mitch-there'll b a chapter devoted 2 ur #unpresidented obstruction & ignorance Of PBO
#kremlinklan.  Putin and his cronies are held in the highest regard, yet we disrespect and insult our allies? 
Bannon being out isn't enough.  Remove Trump from office.  Speigel features him in Germany as America's Nazi President.  ACT!  NOW!
racism is bad, nazis are evil, his name is trump, say it turtle...get w/ of the white supremist...NOW!   it's called impeachment
Please Mr McConnell protect us foreign and domestic people from this Prz,he's unfit and dangerous,he's fanning the flame's of Hate.
Stop your support for @POTUS' stupid racist agenda. This is a criminal/law-enforcement matter, quite separate from any religion.
Why no sympathy for the victims of Charlottesville.....or the crash of military helicopters.  You are all hypocrits
IMPeach TRUmp who lost any moral authority or credibility with other nations, our large business community & a large % of our citizens.  ACT
#Traitor #nasi #Liar #monster POS
But when will you condemn 4? Condemnation is not enough! #Impeach45
How about standing with america and trump. By the way, I vote in Ky.
This is what happens when they vote for weak, globalist/communists.  We voted TRUMP because we want a brilliant man who wants America First.
Our country is not united in all things due to the GOP. If you can't help mend us by ridding us of Trump, then step aside.  Trump must go.
Obama's tweet has 1+ M likes, yours has under 1000. Apparently America doesn't stand united with you.
So united that you stand by our incompetent President as he PROVES this daily to the world (Pershing?) Grow some integrity!
Talk to  your wife Elaine, work on Free Health Care for All.  You can afford it.
If U really wanted 2 stand w/t ppl Start backing R Pres N wh he's trying 2do NR country so we don't hv 2 deal w/t same tragedy/horror here!
Thats at least what is supposed to be expected. But better do something about the US chaos
Why don't you also stand united with @POTUS and the U.S. people as well or will that take an attack on us first? Get to Work feckless ldr.
Your silence is collaboration and unacceptable. The greatest threat to the US is 45. It needs to be removed. Do your job!  #25thAmendment
Please see that the Senator from Missouri who threatened the President is removed from office.  @realDonaldTrump
Taxes ...condolences for working Americans
Can you condemn @realDonaldTrump for SYMPATHIZING with NAZIS???
Our greatest threat is domestic violence now encouraged by a President refusing to condemn them & disavow their support! Impeach!
Do your job. We don't care about your commentary on world events or trashing our messenger @potus Pass @potus agenda or get out.
AMEN!!! McConnell doesn't understand he's FAR LESS popular than our President!  #MAGA
I just want common sense legislation on @potus desk...period.  Everything else is swamp chatter.
Just not united against white supremacy, Nazis, KKK. Ur silence against potus says it all for GOP: power, $$ all that count! Shame on U, GOP
