What's worse:  A fraudulent tax code benefitting the rich or a fraudulent congress condoning Trump's ignorance & incompetence? #2018midterms
Quite possible you need to retire. Your GOP tax plan is another incredulous joke and equals more benefits for your rich donors.
Hahaha, daily reminder,  Comrad Mitch McConnell, Putin owns you. #treason #votetemout
1 Looks like he owns. Clinton. Scandal! Evidence found on Russian large payout 2 Clinton foundation for uranium deal. Mueller, Rosenstein
Hahaha,  Google this, check out different sources rather than Fox. Uranium never left US. If I recall, had to do with trade deals.
Sarah Sanders mention a press conference with info on it. Not sure when
Hahaha, fair and balanced,  Sarah Sanders,
We’ll see.
This is what desperation looks like.
I like your graphic, but I like mine better....
ALL the reasons you have posted there describe the plan your trying to push thru now, so NO!!!!!
Also means We have to pay more for goods and services. How  does that compare to a tax break for middle and lower classes

You are getting back the disgraceful treatment you showed President Obama.  Trump is unfit for office and he immasculates you.
Drain the Swamp!!! @realDonaldTrump
You really don’t understand economics do you?
That is complete bullshit it’s all about text cuts for the rich and you know it
Trump is making out just fine w/current tax code Remember he's a genius 4 exploiting loopholes U get enuf tax breaks ur  tax reform U SUCK
Lying profiteering hypocrite. Duping 33% with your tax cuts for billionaires bullshit. #taxplansucks
#Lobbyists have been paying off #Congress & #Government for Decades RT
Lobbyists: Money to Congress | OpenSecrets https://www.opensecrets.org/industries/summary.php?ind=K02 …++
The 265 Members of #Congress who sold You Out #America to #ISPs, & how much it cost to buy them?   RT
https://www.theverge.com/2017/3/29/15100620/congress-fcc-isp-web-browsing-privacy-fire-sale?utm_campaign=theverge&utm_content=entry&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … via @Verge
So they can steal more
US @ full employment. No new jobs. Tax cuts mean rate hikes due to liquidity. Higher interest rates protect the assets of the wealthy.
Hows does #MAGA work when u want 2 take away mortgage interest deduction and the state and local property tax deduction?!? #TaxReform #Liars
Lie lie lie
Funny how CEO pay rates haven't been at all subject to the stagnation that the average consumer's have. Trickle down economics=cruel joke.

The current tax system is easy for the wealthy and corporations to game?  I agree.  The solution is not to slash their taxes, however.
yes, it is plain and simple.  you want to line your pockets with the cash from your rich donors.  you creep.
Letting the lobbyists write the tax code created the mess-time to get our country back and get government back to the people
#bogustaxreform is a NO GO!
Gary Oldman in Hannibal is you’re doppelgänger
He looks like he smells like a diaper bag.
Pulling my bullshit card on your trickle down economics lie! Show me a time when trickle down had effect other than shit on the workers!
Greed holds our economy down and wages low. Greed ships jobs overseas. Greed motivates gaming the system. Ignorance prevents understanding.
GET IT DONE!!!!!!!!!
Plain and simple: Yr owners said that if U don't get out there and squeeze every last cent out of the middle-class, they're gonna cut u off.
The tax code isn’t broken. Your senate leadership is broken.  What good have you accomplished?


This bullsh*t brought to you by the Koch brothers.
@SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi @SenatorSchumer Please remember ur plan is still "tax cuts 4 wealthy" developed by corp lobbyists(Koch,Heritage)!
I hope these are not the same "empty words" spoken about repeal of Obama care. If they are  Republican incumbents take shelter in 2018.
@SusanWBrooks As a USRep and former DA, it is your duty to stand up to  POTUS when presented with irrational statements. Honor the fallen!
Giving the Rich and corporations tax breaks does nothing for the economy. Seriously, what is wrong with you? Who do you work for Not America
For the love of god just do something and stop grandstanding. I’m so sick of nothing getting done.
The only reform you need is something to help get rid of those jowls. #trumpClownShow
Ha! More #GOP lies and distortions. All they want is to do is enrich the 1%, corporations and #Trump! So bad they have to lie about it.
We also need access to healthcare, education, and infrastructure. We don't need to reward the WAR MACHINE!
We need reform just not your version which gives more than 50% of the cuts to those who make $700,000+ per year. #NoGOPTaxPlan
The wealthy are sending you money.

Sad
You forgot “The Koch Brothers are paying me to do it”
Yeah! tax the rich!   Income inequality is destroying US @SenateMajLdr
Real men don’t mind having a helping hand. #GodStillHeals God bless you @SenateMajLdr 
Loved seeing how @realDonaldTrump helped you not stumble. Such a lovely moment and sickened how people could mock either of you. God bless!
The only reason you WANT tax reform is dark money donor interests. @GOP no longer represents constituents, just their wealthy donors.
Reagan: Govt doesn't give or spend a dollar it doesn't first take from someone else. Just go with that. It's simpler & more principled
We need healthcare reform.
You've never taken an Intro to Economics class, have you? If you had, you'd know that the first 3 items on your list are wrong. Pls retire.
Fake
Plain and simple. Rich will get richer. Rich men don't create tax cuts that aren't beneficial to themselves
Dear Senator McConnell from what I can tell you're tax plan will increase my tax burden by triple how is that a savings to me
We know... it's plainly to give tax breaks to the wealthy. Pretty simple.
Get the job done, Mitch!  That’s your job!
Good luck passing the legislation, until then it is just another tweet and plain noise.
We also need Senate reform. You all make slugs look supersonic. I'll vote for GOP primary challengers until you get you shit together.
What about the deficit 
Because the big money RNC donors will cut off the cash to you and your worthless spineless colleagues if you don’t deliver THEIR tax cut.
THE FEDERAL MINIMUM WAGE is what's holding wages down.
Your proposed budget fixes are literally gaming the system for the Kochs.
Explodes the deficit and produces no growth.  All while increasing taxes on middle class to give the rich yet ANOTHER tax cut.  #TaxReform
Republicans believe in trickle down economics, give the rich people all the money and it will trickle down, look at Kansas, Republican fuck
All lies.
Oligarch bought the GOP
Mr McTurtle, no one believes you. If you're in agreement with the losing POTUS, you're on the listing side. He has no loyalty, he's crazy.
Mitch you are tweeting like a #russianbot Troll.
@Shastina_Eloff One sorry Muppet.
The reason is to fatten the crooked politians wallets!
Give it up! Since UR Bestie @POTUS can't control that tweet tick in his head that goes every A.M. He has already lost U 3 votes. U R done
Tweeting over and over about tax reform is not going draw us away from the real problem in this country-Donald Trump. #25for45
So the GOP answer is (as usual) give all of the benefit to the top 1%?
Simple. Flat tax for personal.  11% no deductions and 19% CORP no deductions.  This way they cannot deduct items down to 0 tax liability
We are not stupid.  ASK Trump about his degree from Wharton. He is lying. No BA/BS in Real Estate until 1985. Prob a real estate cert.


Because @GOP always fucks up the budgets funnelling money to their handlers...
The rich people get the biggest breaks and it adds to the deficit. When did you stop caring about our huge deficit ???
What you mean is you need it to stay this way so your rich donors are happy 
Live footage of trump & mcconnell:
The reason for #TaxReform is plain and simple. The super rich pay us money and we always do what they want, no matter what we tell you.
#lyingGOP #disgustingGOP #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
These are all lies. This is a budget buster, not tax reform! But, guess what, NO TAX REFORM UNTIL WE SEE TRUMPS TAX RETURNS!
You’re such a liar, Mitch... it’s a tax CUT. And the majority of US knows it. Fleecing the rest is immoral...but you couldn’t care less.
We need a Congress reform by getting rid of the GOP
Watching 60 minutes. You should be ashamed for introducing the DEA legislation. You’re unfit to serve.
Koch needs more money! #mitchlies #trumplies
Show us the details.  What about investments for retirees?  Rate thresholds? Get it done.  No deductions for state and local taxes.
When is the vote?
Close the “carried interest forward” loophole that allows not only investors, but corporations to structure their tax liabilities under 15%.
With the extra revenue, we can afford to release all people that earn under $50,000 a year from income tax obligations and give them free HC
The Alternative Minimum Tax is our fail-safe against gaming the system. Do Not Repeal It.
You got the votes?
The stock market at all time high right now. How many of you are benefiting.Has your pay sky rocketed? No but Mitch is getting richer!! SMH
..............Understand this, if this was KFC, Mitch doesn't look at you as the hungry person, to him you are the chickens 2/2
Leader McConnell is only concerning himself with the extremely rich. Why not? To him UR not the customer, U R the product. to help U.... 1/2
Ask URself this, how does the estate tax being eliminated help me. Unless U have $11 million or more it doesn't. These are tax cuts 4 rich!!
Let see when the corporation start making dollars from cut, they’ll put into capitalization not wages.
Con artist at work. No facts or details, just poorly written propaganda. Believe one thing, the wealthy will win big. We will not
Yes and keep Corp at 20%, and the three brackets for individuals, add Local real estate tax capped at 15,000
Very plain very simple, indeed. So WHY can NONE of you leaders get it done!?
How does it feel to be Trump’s boot licker?
You've gotten everything by theft. Do you really expect us to trust you to reform taxes fairly? You're some piece of work!


Nothing is the tax cuts to encourage increased wages/benefits to employees. Tax cuts for the rich.
And your plan makes it EASIER for the wealthy & well connected (your buddies) to game the system. Thanks, Mitch.
TAX CUTS DIDN'T CREATE JOBS WHEN REGAN WAS THERE.  DEMAND CREATES JOBS.  YOU SHOULD TAKE ECON 101 AGAIN!
#mitchlies
You are a tiny little excuse of a man.
What’s plain and simple is that you talk more than you act. Pat yourself on the back AFTER you pass it
Koch Brothers bought and own my testicles.
Cutting billions from Medicare and giving the rich old white guys a cut is NOT reform Mitch. #LyingGOP #NeverVoteGOP
@SusanWBrooks Even if true, the GOP has no credibility. We know with whom your loyalties lie & it's not the middle class.

U know you and we know u r bought and paid for ....History will not remember u well ...
Trump has your by the balls about somrthing....
You seem to think billionaires need tax cuts  for which the middle class will pay.  What America needs is your removal from office
Yep, u & your friends want to get richer off the backs of us, the middle class.
We don't need white board charts & graphs! We need a bill on POTUS's desk! Yesterday!
I can build you a new IRS code with just 100 pages of text.
Ya, but you know what’s NOT needed? Tax Cuts for the Top 1% & your GOP Donor Class buddies! #WeWontEatCake #MakeThemPay
You hell with that propaganda!

#LIAR #LIES #crookedGOP STEALING MONEY from the 99% to Pay for the RICH 1% #Thieves #Crooks #Cheats #TreasonWeasel #tRUmprussia #StopTheGOP
Stop talking DO IT!!! we are sick of fake words. voting 2018 where will you be.
You're a kook. What your proposing benefits the rich
You want more money.
Get your turtle head out of potus' ass Mitch. This is a tax CUT for the rich and you know it Mitch. 
STOP LYING!!!
liar in the WH: unfit intellectually, emotionally, and psychologically to hold this office and the whole world knows it #traitorGOP
This man in the Oval Office is a soulless coward who thinks he can only become large by belittling others. We have a pathological 1/2 #gop
Companies and CEO's already have record profit pay little or no tax with no benefit to the salaried worker. That won't change.
Ditch the income tax. Go with a federal sales tax instead. You don't spend  a lot >>> you don't pay much tax. Incentivises saving.
The GOP is broken. Fix your own house before you dare to try and fix mine....
WE NEED THE WALL, OR WE WILL HAVE HIGH TAXES PAYING FOR PEOPLE HERE TO COLLECT BENEFITS!
holds our economy back? while trump crows about all the gains on wall street, and the dow isin the midst of a six year bull market?
Oh please, we all know what this is. It's giving big donors another tax break that the poor and middle class pay for. Stop the lies
Your plan is plain and simple: tax cuts for the wealthy on the backs of the poor & middle class. Courtesy of cuts to Medicare & Medicaid.
We need to give the crooked Koch Brothers and others a bigley tax  break so they give us more in campaign funds.  Screw everyone else
You are a LIAR. We are going to vote everyone of you OUT.
@iamjohnoliver great buzz words Mitchy the turtle! Is that the noise turtles make? Buzz!? Is it? #turtlereform
McConnell, Trump and the rest of the GOP are lying when they say that it will put money back into middle class and poor pockets. 

LIES.
So, can you tell me how is this going to help the average family or the poor in KY?
Show us the details...
Tax cuts for billionaires is not leadership.

It's class warfare.


I agree we need tax reform Senator. What we don't need is tax cuts for the ultra rich and big corporations.
Incentives and breaks to companies end up in the owner's pockets.  Is that what you want.
We don’t believe your lies.
don't forget: allows presidents to not pay any taxes and doesnt require that they release their returns to the public.
We know, it's necessary to line ALL you rich B*ST*RDS pockets isn't it? That's the ONLY REASON.
The reason Americans reject the premise of the top 1% receiving more Privileges is that it's self enrichment for POTUS.
Increase taxes on rich class and multinational corporations.
The rich and powerful want to game the tax system, and get richer than ever. McConnell doesn't represent the poor and middle class.
You look like a turtle.
so you know we see right through your bs. You and the other rich bastards you "work" with just want a huge tax cut/no estate tax. WE LOSE!
Do you Sir have to pay taxes on the money you collect from the NRA on this plan?
Looks like made up talking points
I LOVE how you say the economy is to blame for low wages. Do you think we're all idiots?? #RESIST
Hey Mitch you forgot the We're going to screw the middle class and poor too and cut taxes for the super rich part. Scam artists all of you.
O pls u r such liars only 4 Mercer Kochs and yourselves
You are robbing from the poor to enrich the robber barons shame on you!
BEFORE TAX Reform -where's URGENT clean DACA, bipart Alex-Murray ACA FIX, & CHIP? All needed ASAP! #Do_Nothing .@GOP SHOULD be FIRED in '18!
Yep....screw the middle class and help my rich buddies/.  Trickle down is a proven failure.
Mansplaining at its finest. 
You need to stop lying. This isn't for the working class. This for your entitled friends.
Why? Because @GOP screwed it up last time. With the help of Regan you instigated the biggest transfer of wealth to the wealthy, in history.
Yeah so rich can get richer
If your plan actually help other than the top 1% you wouldn't be trying to sell it this hard! A good plan would sell itself!
Even companies with extraordinary profits are not increasing wages.This is a ruse. Unless they are mandated to raise taxes, not gonna happen
Bull.  You want it to boost your bottom line, and take away 'estate tax' from your 1%er buddies.  It does nothing for middle class at all.
Plain and simple: So you and your donors can line your pockets! #theonepercent #DrainTheSwamp #SwampEqualsTrump
I know the tax code is over my head but isn't there a report with a few more pesky details.
#DitchMitch
Remember, it's been proven that trickle down doesn't work. So be honest and say ur giving tax breaks to the wealthy at expense of the rest.
Labor costs are the driver of shipping mfg overseas. How do you raise incomes while keeping jobs here?
Retire, you old turtle.
We have a twenty trillion dollar deficit why make it higher ?
My God! Your actually going to do something? Thank you for helping pass tax relief CAN you get McCain recused from his senate seat Please call gov. of Arizona HE is a disgrace
