Why is "Catch & Release" still occurring on our borders?
And your pal Trump threatens free press and free speech everyday-even told Comey to start arresting journalists.
Who do we call for a justice department not owned by the GOP
It's true absolute power corrupts absolutely. You are absolutely a traitor
I suppose ur going to advocate for @kathygriffin then? U Only want free speech 4 ppl who agree with u
You're right! So what are you doing to fix problem? It appears GOP leaders are snoozing as America teeters on brink of cultural dissolution!
We have come to the place where Republicans are the treason and they support a Dictatorship
Since Reagan forced to shutter mental hospitals we've had to accept these unfortunates into our homes, schools, religion & politics..ENOUGH!
How about the assault on the middle class by you and the rest of the radicalized republicans. You're using cheater tactics to get ur agenda
You know what's an assault of free speech?Creating a myth that media is out to 'get you', supporting a President no matter what lie he tells
Do you mean that not a smidgen of evidence of IRS cheating and if you like your health plan you can keep it?
Yeah that makes no sense Lee. Why don't you come back when the words don't get in your way so much
our leaders must also publicly define protesters who desturb peace r rioters not free speech. Protesters covering face shld b illegal
Potus 45 is at fault here too Mitch. Calling the Justice dept, FBI,CIA & NSA all FAKE.Trump is an evil greedy narcissistic pathological Liar
Finally we agree! Your president is doing all he can to assault free speech, and you support him. Thanks for admitting it.
You've been doing it a long time.
Franlin Graham thinks Trump is Moses. He needs his head examined. Maybe that's why religion is losing

I agree that the conservative speakers deserve a voice, but so do the protesters. You hate free speech unless it's too your benefit.
It's in Senate; nevertheless #ShePersisted. In House;@gianforte chokes off press. In WH; no US press for POTUS-Russia meeting or Int'l trip.
It is so sad. Convention of States @COSProject 
You are the Threa!! You and your @GOP  @HouseGOP cowards are assaulting the  Free Speech!! No vote for these cowards on 2018 
You are the threatener !
We'd like universal healthcare... When you get a second
Fully agree!!! Trump and republicans are asaulting free speech everywhere not just college campuses
The only assaulting happening is being perpetrated by the alt-right.  Those are yout people, the white supremaciats.
It seems to me that what you define as "Free Speech" could perhaps better be defined as Hate Speech there Turtle.
how true, your orange buddy would do away with the Free Press yesterday if we let him, u r certainly no fucking help!
The Left and Tolerance is laughable
@starknightz open your eyes 
He has been watching his own propaganda news station Fox. They have screwed the US. He is sworn to lie, take all the money Trump gives
Of all people, the man who vowed to block any legislation proposed by Obama. You don't give a damn about civil liberties. #evilturtle
You're right. You've been assaulting the speech from the non-Republican voice of the People for years now. Shame on you. RESIGN
Merrick Garland
Actually, it exists in the Senate, as well. And you shamefully encourage it there as we have all witnessed in the past few days.
tell this to your buddy @GovWalker who unconstitutionally arrested many free speakers @devilradio
Free Speech? Donald's Trump tries to have me kicked off Twitter everyday
Then why are ypi trying to push your horrible ACHA bill through witbout normal committees and hearings? Kick people off healthcare in secret
@GOP in states across the US are trying to silence dissent with unconstitutional bills. Talk to your party first. put it where your mouth is
Trying to fast track a health vote without hearings, CBO score, or citizen-stakeholder input? Are you out of your mind? #resisttrumpcare
U mean the assault coming from Dictator Trump as he wants to silence news organizations to keep the truth about him sealed. U R disturbing
Do, um,  do you actually understand what the first amendment affords you?  Because, it ain't a platform everywhere.
You are the one waging a war on free speech.
I hope u do not mean u r encouraging hate organizations.
You are an assault on free speech. Go back into your turtleshell 
Oh please, you mean hate speech. Just because you want to call names doesn't mean people are obliged to give you a platform or listen.
the true assault is hate crimes being committed by white supremacists.
I agree. You've been assaulting free speech in the #Senate, your home state & everywhere!
YOU have in Washington DC,,,In the halls of Congress you are one of the worst,,an elder statesman, no credibility #termlimits,you need to go
You eliminated free speech with your gun toting on national stages
No, your fellow #BananaRepublicans are squelching free speech in States.
#Corrupt
#RussoAmericanOligarchicalTheocraticFascists
#Resist
#VichyRepublican #Traitor enabling a demented, corrupt @potus
POTUS is an assault on the first amendment every day! Maybe you should tell him that.
It's not a new threat and you guys should know that better than anyone.
Thank you, I agree. Now get to work on POTUS agenda, and pass what the American people voted for.
You're kidding, right? It's like you haven't even met your pussygrabber-in-chief.
Forcing your employees to practice your religious beliefs is not free speech.
you know, you keep tweeting and I don't see one response supporting you . Makes one wonder doesn't it? #voteBlue2018
The biggest assault on free speech has been launched by #realDonaldTrump or have you had your head buried in the sand for the past 6 months?
I'll remember this when I've walked into church is in to start telling people that they should be an atheist.
I cannot believe you are playing the victim.
Thank you, Captain Obvious.

How about lying? Is lying protected under the 1st Amendment? You're off the rails today, Senator.
Want to explain this mitch you better run ....FBI Notified After Sen. McConnell Exposed In $2.5M Money Funnel Connected To Putin-uncovered .
You r a clown & care not AT ALL about free speech, unless it adheres 100% to your cretinous scheme of white male supremacy.
Free speech?  You are all a joke
Are you kidding?
The left is OBSESSED with silencing their opposition; they have ALWAYS tried to silence opponents. That's why obama used IRS against GOP
HYPOCRITE your golden idol bashes free speech every chance he gets...  EXCEPT WHEN IT WORKS FOR HIM.
You spread lies & can't fool us You enjoy to put fear into people's minds. You want to destroy our freedom of speech which are against GOP
No, you brought it into our Capitol too. #ShePersisted
Stifle yourself, Mitch!
.@SenateMajLdr TRUE DAT! TRUMP has been THREATENING JOURNALISTS since early in his campaign and is now jailing them. WHERE'S YOUR CONSCIENCE
Here I am free to say you are a reprehensible human, but yes still a human a douchy one but still a human @DonaldJTrumpJr
When are you going to hold hearings about healthcare?  Stop with this BS and do your job. keep the public part of the process.
From the dick that shut down Senator Warren for speaking the truth. #Hypocrite
All the words that are spewed out of your turtle lips are harmful condescending and leave a lasting negative impact on common Americans
if Dems try to shutdown the gov, then Mitch should go nuclear to pass all legation w/ no holds or delays. this will force the Dems to work..
you're kidding right?
No the Ds are doing this everyday in DC so lets stop pandering to those who dont want to #MAGA since we have majority lets #DoTheRightThing
The Multi-Nat'l Media reporting AGAINST our GREAT POTUS Must be arrested/Silenced like Pres. LINCOLN DID During the Amer. Civil War.
The First Amendment "freedom of speech" is not for PROMOTING SEDITION/INSURRECTION/ANARCHY! As a college grad from 1970's/Prof's-Media-DEMS
1st Amendmt. "freedom of press" CANNOT BE ALLOWED DURING WAR TO AID/ABET THE ENEMIES OF THE USA! Muslims/Isis of Qur'an pledge DAILY WAR
You are so right, Mr. “Nevertheless, she persisted.” The assault on free speech is alive and well in the Senate.
It's your President that is trying to shut everyone up. Besides when did you start caring about the Constitution?
Let us believe that the assault is coming from the White House.
That's because our president is moving quickly (with your help) toward an authoritarian government! #Fascist
How is it going Turtle? Are you still impressed with that communist Trump?
Says the guy supporting the wannabe despot who lives to quash freedom of the press.
Your boss wants to make protesting illegal. You two should talk. Get your rhetoric in sync.
You assault the constitution and democracy by backing a corrupt president. This is far more dangerous to all citizenry of this nation.
Then stop assaulting it!  @GOP #congressofshame
Right - but we aren't allowed to question the fake POTUS or the way you blindly support?
History will remember U as fully complicit in the corruption and dishonesty that wounded, or killed, what the Founders began
No, @GOP and @POTUS are the biggest threat to Liberty and Justice in this country. Facsism has come to the US, draped in the American Flag.
Flynn is free to speak
It's high time we take a look at the corrosive toll hate speak is having on our country. I know Nazis are your base, but step up!
Don't need wisdom. We need:
No Obama-Care Repeal!
No Balanced Budget!
No Border Wall!
No Tax Reform!
No Republicans in 2018!
Get It Done!
Many Colleges&Universities have become dens for reverse discrimination leftist propaganda-cut off funding until they demonstrate balance!

Yes, and your party leads the charge to crack down on freedoms.
sadly yes! The GOP is ruined
Should hate speech be supported?
First step to dictatorship-silence the press and the people.  You do know your role with Adolf Trump is probably a Martin Bormann at best?
Nope, South Dakota just voted to limit free speech, ~14 other GOP controlled states trying to do the same...MCConnell means only GOP speech
The leader of YOUR party would love nothing more than an assault on the 1st amendment. He rails against the press daily.
Ask @Bencjacobs about the 'assault' on Free Speech by a member of Congress! What about @potus calling press enemies? Keep your house clean.
Family pulled all monies to Berkley Univ. @Gov Brown you are forcing Ca taxpayers into paying for Crimminals. Take $ for the roads,homeless!
That's right. The assault on free speech is also occurring on golf courses, escalators, and @realDonaldTrump.
The assault on free speech started in congress and the WhiteHouse. Check your history. Be honest.
If your GOP had its way there would only b caucasians in America who were th real Americans Cheyenne Iroquois Sioux not caucasians
Why you want to move forward when you sat on your ass 8 years until Russia help steal and interfered in our election ( Traitor to America ).
We will vote you out of power. You are destroying our government in a time we need to invest in the future. Ur the past & Trump is a dunce
Most troubling assault on free speech and press comes from the White House
Free speech like Kathy Griffin or speech/expression that you agree with ?
Oh no. It's been a presidential prime strategy. Trump's presidency, of course.
But it usually comes from the right.
Ha! You call lies, slander, and inciting violence free speech?
How about your assault on our healthcare, you ghoul?
Aren't you loquacious on Twitter today?
Stop pushing the same propaganda that @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews & @SpeakerRyan do. You all are liars and use the 1st amendment as a guise.
Free speech huh? Orange one wants to destroy the constitution, so don't start this bull. U hate this country & constitution too & we hate u.
"Assault on free speech"? Are you high?
Corporations are not people
Money is not speech
Assholes do not have privilege
Agreed.  It's infected the @WhiteHouse @POTUS is the master of assault on free speech.
Says the man who tries to keep protesters as far away from himself as possible.
ComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicit #UGH
You are an assault on Our free speech ....you knew during the campaign that Russia was tampering ....and you let it happen....
But allowing brainwashed lib/prog/marxist/alilnsky loving teachers to continue to brainwash our children is criminal..
What?....oh sorry....thought you knew what you were saying for a moment
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
The biggest threat is you and the GOP
No, it happens when GOP candidates body slam reporters who ask uncomfortable questions, or when press is penned for display at rallies...
It's a threat ur leading, Turtleface!!! A threat against all dissenters!!! I understand it completely!!!
Assault on free speech can be traced back to @POTUS. Sad. Country or party Mitch. Where do you stand?
you mean college campuses not wanting to promote HATE speech? #TooRacistToLead #LastTerm
It's now in the Senate. #ShePersisted
what "assault on free speech"?   you've been running your ignorant mouth freely for decades and it shows no signs of slowing down.
You're right. It's coming from the entire puppet Republican Party! Bring on 2018 elections!
Senator McConnell subtweeting @realdonaldtrump 
People like you are the threat McFoolnell
So that means you will hold hearings on Health Care legislation instead of hiding it in a back room?
Tell that to Trump
Are you talking about how you are crafting the AHCA with ZERO debate? That assault on freedom of speech.
Absolutely correct, this assault is practiced within the Senate far too often.
this is rich coming from the Senate Leader of the @GOP who just  had a congressman elect arrested for stifling free speech
You're right. And we now have a president who wants to suppress it.
Go flip on your back 
Simple "assault on free speech" answer: Ask Senate to reclassify hooded, brown shirted free speech attackers as 'hate crime perpetrators'.
Or simply isolated to the goddamn #WhiteHouse
Yeah, like anti  protest / anti free speech legislation the @GOP keeps passing...right?
Speaking of assaults, Mitchey Mouth, you have done enough and can go home now.
The threat comes from you and your cronies who refuse to put #CountryOverParty. Quit with the straw man argument
Huh?  @GOP is the party that attacks First Amendment, constantly.
The real threat to our country, our future and our freedom lies with you.
oh Sparky...you're out of your depth here. Way out...way way out. stick to performing petty graft and corruption, and musings on guns.
Biggest threat to the first amendment is in the White House, hillbilly
Time to cut federal funding for school that do not allow free speech. Enough is enough
Yes. Free speech groups. Let's talk about that:
This terrorist group is over 100 years old and has killed more Americans than any other. Where are the feds?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/the-ku-klux-klan-wants-to-rally-in-charlottesville-now-this-college-town-is-on-edge-once-again/2017/06/06/ee5cba5c-4a4c-11e7-9669-250d0b15f83b_story.html?utm_term=.f1a2a8e9d8e8 …
the lying president that you love and support
How do you have time to tweet when you have been so busy ruining our healthcare?
The assault on our Intelligence occurs every time you open your mouth.
Here comes Mitch with a strong defense of the right to say racist shit!
You're trying to completely phase out Medicaid in 7 years. Many of those people will die because of you.
You're right! There's a reporter looking at decades in prison for covering a protest. That's certainly an assault on free speech.
You are the threat to all Americans except the top1%! Time for you to leave office! We've had enough!
Yea your party leader threatens it somewhat routinely.
