Lucky We are paying for his and YOUR healthcare.  You have no soul.
Senator McConnell, please repeal Obamacare. Perhaps then Republicans and Dems will work together for a common sense health care bill.
We all need healthcare during dark moments like these. Please don't take away this security and safeguard for your fellow citizens
Fewer people have health insurance with Obamacare, than had it before.  Stop whining!
That's not correct. About 17 million gained insurance through the ACA. Please don't spread misinformation. Thanks!
Don't be a nincompoop  you DONT listen to people like me who is premiums have gone up 500%. You don't have a right to my bank account
I never said premiums didn't go up. They did, although slower than pre-ACA. This does need to be addressed! No need to be rude in any case 
I had affordable, excellent insurance before ACA. Now I haven't any. I had to drop it when premiums exceeded my mortgage.
Not sure why you only retweeted the one reply in this thread that agreed w yours. Most people want aca. It's saving lives every day
Feel better, @SenJohnMcCain. 

Thank goodness you have an excellent healthcare plan. All Americans deserve the same. Every single one.
2) Who would pay for everyone having govt subsidized insurance? I cant afford the insurance now & I cant afford more taxes. Nothing is free.
It's half the cost of what we pay now.  We'd save thousands yearly & have 100% coverage fr head to toe without deductibles or copays
@SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain
So you're holding off taking healthcare away from millions so you can secure vote of someone recovering from taxpayer subsidized treatment?
Actually, Obamacare took healthcare away from millions.  NOTHING could be worse! And only complete repeal will  make it BETTER!
Dorrie you are obviously very educated on the diff between ACA & GOP plan, which parts of GOP plan will help get more folks insured?
Government should not be dictating health care plans to the American people
Yeah, how the heck can gov sponsored HC work? If only there were some democratic examples globally
There is no country on this list that is a good comparison to the US.There isn't another nation in the world with a bill of rights like ours
That's correct not a single country compares to US bc they all found less expensive ways to get basic HC coverage for all their citizens USA
I understand that if John McCain weren't covered by ACA, it would be $76,000+ out of pocket for him.
I'm from AZ and you're Better Care Act (it is an act) is not speaking for me. I think John would say go ahead and vote without him.
@SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain
: My beef with you is not health care. You aided and abetted Donald J. Trump. You sold out your principles.
That made me smile. You have good words, the best words. 
Actually, that sounded like a J K Rowling slam.
Songbird kills vote.
You need work with dems to improve Obama care instead of trying to just throw it all out the window. Support. Kentucky!
...who has 100% coverage for any and all med issues while you try to take coverage from millions of poor? How big of you!
Fraud, fakes and liars!
Nice for him that he has the best healthcare in the country, paid for by taxpayers like me who you are taking it away from!

Hearings? Are you going to have hearings on that POS health bill?
Blackmail of Trump getting more & more obvious.  @GOP & McConnell DOES NOTHING.
"The Russian goverment has picked a strange time to start issuing ultimatums..."

But it has. Why?

…
McConnell: Putins now making threats of Trump.  Are you paying attention YET??
"The Russian goverment has picked a strange time to start issuing ultimatums..."

But it has. Why?

…
We need more Repub senators like  McCain (and I'm not Repub but I  respect him). Get well soon, good u held off
For once you're being civil,  postponing somex so another can get  well. I'm not a Repub but I LIKE Mr. McCain.
WHT makes any of you that he will vote for. Better bet he won't. He's aways f^&king up the peopleshe plan!,
McConnell is in for a rude awakening in the midterms if he doesn't get on board.
Make sure your health plan provides American people with same coverage and out of pocket exp.  as Sen MCain has, or your cheating Americans
Can't McCain vote to Repeal Obamacare from his Hospital Bed?
He can vote from the hospital. When are you nuts going to do what you are supposed to do. Sick of your lies.
It's a good thing he has Obamacare so he can get those well visits that catch things like this, required by all insurance plans .
Get well soon McCain. However, there can be no excuses for not getting pressing work done like Health Care and Tax Reform. Clock is ticking.
Ohhh, how convenient. Poor little "song-bird" is ill. Right as healthcare needs attention.
Hmm, traitor, IS sympathizer and ACTOR! #McCain
Looking out for your #FAILURE, & the people of AZ but not for KY, where 12%+ of people are below the poverty limit: https://www.infoplease.com/us/comprehensive-census-data-state/economic-statistics-377 …
Looks like the core GOP value is "how can we hurt the poor & elderly"
Nice that Senator McCain gets the life-savings healthcare that you are trying to take away from millions-- you disgusting man. That's sick!
Good that he had excellent health insurance, Mitch!
While u wait for  SenMcCain to come back why don't U conduct PUBLIC HEARINGS? Or we do not count?
Not enough money for ur pocket right?
A bunch of bums are running Congress.  The swamp needs drained for good. And start with McCain.
Shameful that the nominations are not complete.  Get off your butts and do your job or get no pay.  No recess.
Pathetic crap. You had 7 years to redo healthcare and waiting on McCain who profits from us.  NO!  You all need the same healthcare as us.
You should be working on how to fix the ACA since you have unexpected extra time. Just in case the Nays prevail on #BetterCare .
And release the damn CBO analysis, Let Senator McCain heal in peace and make good use of this time.
First u voted against minimum wage increase making sure ur billionaire friends remain billionaires. Now taking away ppls health care!! Smh
Hey MitchMcConnell: Do you agree w this and would YOU have taken this meeting??
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. That's politics!
To hold up a vote over 1 senator says it's a bad bill!!
Schedule a public hearing on the proposed law so the Senate & American people can discuss it prior to a vote!
While he's out on leave for surgery... that he got under an insurance plan that's set aside just for you lifelong politicians. #notaleader
Until Health Care becomes a 1st Party purchase and use, this is nothing more than Giant Bailout for Insurance Companies
put McCain on the same Health Care Plan that the public has, then see how he votes.
He'll rush back from his govt paid medical procedure to revoke medical insurance from 22M others? What a patriot!
@RandPaul has better ideas than U to fix health care.  Tired of RINO politics!
U had 7 years to think about Healthcare.  Now U can fix it.  Give us the same coverage U have or leave office.
Senator.  My advice is for you to go on all tv networks and publically correct the dems saying $$ for nursing hm & child care will end.
Irony.  Waiting on a surgery to vote on a bill that will take away millions of surgeries.
U deserve no better health care than I have.  Fix the bill or the voters will send U packing!
Why can't he call in his vote ?John McCain doesn't own the senate! And why was John McCain involved in this dossier against our POTUS!
good question.
pass the traitor a pen, he can sign in between picking his dead skin off of his feet
lol  suck it up
Senator please. Your constituents- the people of Kentucky- will suffer tremendously. Do our lives truly mean. Nothing to you????
#trumpcare is #deathcare. #trumpcarekills
Well that's because they work for a corporation that can afford to pay their employees, hey wait a minute we're their employees too!
Does the Senate come to a standstill whenever someone is in the hospital? Doesn't make sense to me!

Waiting to vote on bill that will deny MILLIONS of Americans Insur so McCain can recover from surgery. Priceless.
McConnell & McCain live in a twisted version of reality. EVERYBODY needs Health Care.
R U waiting 4 nay vote? What R ppl to do when O Care dies on the vine??

House Republicans’ misleading comments cloud reality – budget cuts will hurt struggling low-income families: http://bit.ly/2urJro7  
It's a good thing he has decent health care, isn't it. Maybe you ought to reflect on that before destroying the lives of millions of people.
Did he go to Veterans Hospital? Asking for a friend...
While McCain is healing, spend the time working on a better healthcare plan.  Value packages for healthy ppl. Not tax cuts.
How come our employees, you work for us, have better healthcare than those they work for? #Ironic #HandsOffMedicaid #HandsOffACA
Hope @SenJohnMcCain has a full, speedy recovery. 

While he's gone, though, here's a crazy idea: how about you hold hearings on health care?
Maybe now it's time to hold some hearings?  Well wishes to senator McCain!

The "new" "fixed" version of the Senate health bill still ends #Medicaid expansion causing millions to lose care: http://bit.ly/2t89CvR  
Senators and Congressmen should have the same plan as the rest of us.
Would you have done the same for Democratic senator who wanted to be present to vote on legislation of interest to him or her? Hint: no
You are inhuman, Mitch!
'Better care act'   Don't you mean the 'Tax break for the richest of the rich act' #maga


Why not find some intelligent Grass Roots Americans that can show GOP where their brain r suppose 2B? Mitch, resign&let others direct
@POTUS is too busy pimping his golf courses to read the TrumpCare bill.  Could you send him a picture book that explains it to him?
if your plan is so good why are your exempt?
You really should be working for the citizens of the USA and not concerned with the POTUS.
You sir, continue to fail the American people.  Hold up a vote for Mccain ...who has the health ins. for his ailment.  How ironic that is...
...how ironic that McCain has health ins. for his ailment...that you would deny the same for the people .
1 thing most leftists & #MAGA's agree on is those useless like @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan @MaxineWaters @RepAdamSchiff should be voted OUT!
63M folks that voted for our president will not forget the fact that you and your fellow RINO'S continue to obstruct his agenda.#VoteThemOut
Looks like the dummy backfired on you.
Get it in gear! All McCain ever does is talk badly of our president! Now he does this before an important vote! Another excuse!Get it done!
I guess McCain has a really great health care plan because like all of you he didn't have to sign up for the disaster known as Obama Care
Hopefully, the irony isn't lost on you.  We need to take care of our Veterans.  John McCain is a true American hero.  NO to Trumpcare
7 yrs of obstructions have degraded the GOP. they can't tell a leader to a sick and dangerous dictator.
The Senate's a "tough" place--more political than Twitter. Sen. #McCain will make it. After all, he stays awake through most your speeches.
Ironic you are delaying the vote due to SenMcCain,He is recovering from what might be a pre-existing condition.
Pence needs to march over there & blast the hell out of McConnell, hell he's no better than Reid was.
No waitng for Scalise to heal but waiting for McCain  to come back and  vote NO to obstruct.
the irony is McCain obstructs and will vote no regardless
He helped get dossier against trump . He's a traitor to us . We don't want him back tell him to retire old songbird
"McCain has lost all respect he earned as a POW. Now, a RINO, he needs to retire or be voted out!"
Not so sure abt that as I seen on YouTube a propaganda audio he made for the enemy DOJ is hero status in doubt
.@SenateMajLdr prayers go out to McCain. So glad the people provide him w/ GREAT HEALTHCARE!! Wish ALL Americans had that plan!
Get the votes together Dems would have done this already if they were in charge
McCain is a Traitor to GOP party! Hes Anti-Trump; part of the Fusion GPS. He's part of the Fake Trump Dossier. Part of Resist; Soros Payroll
There is NO need to wait for him. We hear he will be out longer than a week. If he's voting yes, you can get his vote from home. Ridiculous!
So that we can receive medical care we are paying for! These are people's LIVES you're putting on hold!! DO YOUR JOBS @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Meanwhile myself and millions of other legal Americans paying for our health insurance are waiting for Republicans to fix Obamacare 1/2
Get your crap together "LEADER"

#MAGA
I wish @SenJohnMcCain well.Must be nice not to be concerned with how your hospital and medical care will be paid for!
We used to be able to count on John McCain to do the right thing for the american people. Used to.
Please we all know McCain' s awful past. He is a RINO and useless.  Pompous arrogant and nasty man.
@SpeakerRyan

God does not need your permission to intervene in the lives of the faithful.  The people you persecute are praying for deliverance.#RESIST
Your bill still sucks and has NO chance. With a blood clot, without the blood clot.
So the Senate can't get an important Trump Agenda item passed because 1 Senator is ill?  Smells fishy to me.
Get to work,just because this obvious no vote isnt there,keep your word to the voters or we will keep ours to the gop in midterms!
The more the @GOP @SenateGOP avoid repealing Obamacare the more people know you never intended to do so and you lied. Why vote Republican?
VOTE OUT MCCONNELL he's  got his hands in the Russia  /trump pockets getting  money to sell out America  HE MUST BE VOTED OUT turtle  face

These clowns never get anything done, it's the biggest reason we need term limits and caps on salaries!
GOP single minded agenda is consumed with erasing Pres Obama legacy, so just change name of ACA to trumpcare and move on. trump will sign it
How pathetic using a colleagues illness as an excuse to do nothing at your place of work.
Repeal and do not replace
Senators, its a shame you don't work for regular americans. I suggest that you deserve endless disrespect.
So another month of exhoribatant premiums & deductibles while you waste more time .REPEAL it. Do your job for a change.
Gee, it's a good thing he has healthcare..... i hope i still do in two weeks. #NoTrumpCare #HealthCareForAll
·
Jun 23
Forget death panels. If Republicans pass this bill, they're the death party.  Hillary Clinton
Horrible.I'm not even sure if it's true, because you are always finding excuses. You can take a ballot to him with witnesses. SUPPORT TRUMP!
Follow the money...  if this #betterbill goes through I will have no insurance coverage. Can't afford it. @RepBost
What work are you doing? Where are Trump's nominations, tax plans, border wall, and why are you following  archaic rules. Change them now.
Most of us deplorables don't want McCain back. He's an obstructionist and hates Trump. We need new people with fresh ideas..He's the SWAMP!
lmao good luck passing your shit healthcare bill without him
All of u are evil. None of this obamacare affects you so u dont care. Repeal this piece of crap. I want your health cov at your price!
Term limits!  We need new blood up there on both sides.
Fo(R) FAKE People likeYouThat's why they call it SIN'ce(R)e...SocioPathic's the Path YOU'(R)ELAINE (R) On...an incu(R)able Mental Disorde(R)
Cant McCain send someone as proxy? Send his kid!!! She's healthy lol
Tell this corrupt songbird we know he helped get fake dossier abt trump . Institute takes money from soros . He needs to retire
Do what's right, don't pass that bill
Is this the Good Ole Boy system? Planned surgery known & thus deferred HealthCare? U R Not supporting @potus and we the people are aware!
DO NOT TRY TO FIX OBAMACARE!  GET THE GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTH CARE! WE DID NOT GIVE YOU THE HOUSE, SENATE AND POTUS TO FIX IT!  REPEAL IT!

McCain is using this to obstruct. He's a lying traitor to America!!
It will be exciting when this bill fails and Rep. and Dem. finally work together for the good of the country.
Repeal Obamacare once and for all and let the insurance companies sort it out. Give them one year. If they want our business, they'll do it!
If I were McCain, I’d stay put in that hospital as long as possible
Let me run and get my magnifying glasses!
Pulling #Medicaid from disabled & elderly... Have you no shame? @CNN @USATODAY @FoxNews
This AWFUL plan will be your legacy to America! =It's the opposite of Social Security & Medicare: A kick them when they're down plan! @TIME
PLEASE wake up & realize Americans have changed their mind & prefer ACA now; + Cruz Amendmt won't work! U even cut employer mandate! @TIME
Maybe it's a sign from God that this vote is a BAD IDEA. #omen
ABSOLUTLY NOT! Shameful! We PPL NEED good healthcare plan! McCain may recover 4month. THIS IS JUST an excuse @VP @POTUS @SenateGOP @tedcruz
ABSOLUTLY NOT! Shameful! We PPL NEED good healthcare plan! McCain may recover 4month. U CAN NOT HURT ppl bc him. @VP @WhiteHouse @SenateGOP
WE know JUST an EXCUSE! McCain should step down. He did enough damage 2 @GOP &America. Bc of him Obama won in '08. Enough! Get someone else
My statement on @SenateMajLdr You are a sorry excuse for a politician,an American & Human Being draconian agenda is more important than USA
Aren't you glad @SenJohnMcCain is healing so well, thanks to the care he's received under his Obamacare plan!
Delay delay delay. 
8 years later you've got nothing bc you know this is a loser.
McCain gets better. Whose next to get sick?
May you get well soon Mr. Cain. Mr. McConnell if you aren't willing to lead your Senators to a strong and successful plan, step down.
Best wishes for your health, Senator McCain. Take your time returning. Vote NO when you do on this disastrous h/c act. My grandson needs h/c
govt is wasting healthcare $ on ppl w/unhealthy lifestyle
Drug abusers & ppl w/ promiscuous sex habits
Yet Christian counselors not allowed
Thank God McCain is a senator.  Or your kind would throw him out into the street because he's old.  His eye thing wouldn't be covered.
He needs to retire and so do you! You are both an embarrassment to the senate and the country! 
Any statement why Kushner still had a clearance & still in WH? US laws only apply to Democrats? U will be harshly judged in history books
"They don't give a f--k about you or I, it's a private club, and we aren't in it"!
@SenateMajLdr U decide to bitchslap the American people by allowing @SenJohnMcCain healthcare, while you deny & defund healthcare 2 others!
We should all have his plan!
I wish Senator McCain a quick and pain-free recovery. And I hope he comes back with renewed compassion and common sense to #StopTrumpCare.
Instead of a #Federal_HealthcarePlan, why not a mandate that each #state pass their own #HealthcarePlan for their citizens?
Does that make #too_much_sense for #Congress?
Some #STATES may have funds for #FREE_HEALTHCARE, while others may have less money,but still a better plan than the #FED for their citizens.
