Fair and Simple Tax Reform END EARNED INCOME TAX CREDITS.  True Reform #FAIRtax or #Flattax stop the lies keep it simple stupid!
It's only the most important thing for you and the other wealthy. Can't wait to get your greedy paws on all that money. We're not stupid!
Shelton Alderson You big donor is mad at you Because he wants someone billions from the middleclass
Tax cuts failed in Kansas 2trickle down economics. Currently Corporations are Flush w/Cash. They Rabout profits not E.growth
A leg up and into bankruptcy you mean.
Trickle down Mitch, a golden shower for the 1%.
Save me some money, end EARNED INCOME TAX CREDITS. My $$ that I earned  Stolen by Fed Govt & given to some who doesnt pay Income Taxes!!
Trickle down Economics. The rich got richer, and the poor suffered more.@SenateMajLdr
Fake NEWS
Fake news
I thought the single most important thing you do is protect US citizens. From things like nuclear war, mass shootings, etc. Do your job
@SenatorBurr
Russian collusion in question?
Did you forget about Don junior meeting w/Manafort and group of Russians to get dirt on Hillary?
You'd think you'd listen to Larry Fink and Warren Buffett

Good grief can I complain to Twitter this bastard is spamming me!
Odious little creature with no balls! Do what’s right for the country for once in your life! #guncontrol
It will never happen. The odious creature is only concerned about his party! He’s worse, in many ways, as he knows exactly what he is doing!
Sadly, you're right :(
Lies, lies, and more lies.
You’re like a slick used car salesman. Those of us that see through your scam know there’s always fine print that leads us to disaster. Bad
You think we are stupid, making a kindergarten animation to sell your tax plan. You get this idea from the progressive socialists dems ?
Or we can get you out of Washington.
and Osamacare TAKES AWAY... so what's the point of any of this.
What about building bridges and roads to people to work instead of giving the wealthy another tax break?
Don't cut corporate taxes!

Trump and Republicans want a big tax cut for the wealthy, claiming the gains will trickle down to the middle-class. Don't fall for it. 
@SenatorBurr 
How can you state definitively that the actual election votes were not changed? Did you research that? Trump did not "win".
@SenatorBurr 
Couldn't you have just admitted to America people that Russia is not a hoax?Don't you think Americans deserve to know that?
Keep your postcard  It doesn't help us  much or the economy #NoGOPTaxPlan
Your own party is blocking. Get rid of useless mccain!
THE AMERICAN VOTERS HAVE A LONG MEMORY OF RINO VOTES .GET THEM IN LINE OR VOTERS WILL TAKE CARE OF THEM NEXT ELECTION
shame on you
FOS Tax cuts for the rich!
Single most important thing you can do to protect American public?  Common sense gun control!  #GunControl #DoNothingCongress
Tax cuts for the wealthiest citizens is not tax reform & will not stimulate the economy.
Then come up with a plan to help them, not F**k them!
No gun control is the single most important thing you can do for Americans. #GunControl #NRAPuppet
Get it done!
The way your father inlaw gave u a leg up.U don’t give a damn about American ppl.Cause we r not big donators.
If you were trying to do something FOR America Workers you’d try to FIX ACA instead of repeatedly trying to dismantle it
Nope; it represents the single most important favor the GOP can do for its Very Rich Donors w/ whom you’re indebted to.
NO TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH THEY ALREADY HAVE MORE CUTS THAN MIDDLE CLASS & poor!
can't stop lying
No thank you, my taxes go up.
I don't want to pay more taxes so your greedy billionaire donors can benefit from the repeal of the estate tax
Cutting Medicare is not a tax break. Sure I get $1,200.00 up front but at what cost? You're banking on our failed education system!
No. Gun control is the most important thing we can do to help our country

No Estate Tax or State deductions off federal tax.
The only person getting a “leg up” is trump and his friends all of whom will get to keep more money while the middle class pays more.
Why don‘t you advocate for a weapon ban? Are you on the pay-list of the RNA?
Will you step down if you can't make it happen as laid out by POTUS?
We need tax reform.  Many negative and uniformed comments on here
Most of the GOP tax breaks help the richest of the rich. The rich get richer, and u LIE about helping middle class. Vote Republicans OUT!
If it’s so important then get rid of the filibuster rule and quit jerking us around. You’re just the leader of cheap talk @POTUS  @GOP
Will you fail at tax cuts too? Are you scared of Democrats or do you agree with them?

We don't like your stinking tax reform that give is all to the rich & explodes deficit. Failed trickle down. Stop pissing on us you liar!
I love Trump, Trump loves me, we're a happy family 
why will companies use the extra net profits to hire U.S. citizens, vs. importing more cheap labor, or sending work offshore? I don't see it

Bigger paychecks for the rich. As always, GOP policies benefit the ones writing big checks to you, not the hardworking taxpayer.
For the past year you have been claiming that health care reform was the most important thing. What happened! Why is this any different?
greed over people!
Yeah... Leg up of the GOP pissing on citizens of America
Trying to sneak your agenda through, ignoring Russia as long as it's your advantage
Just a reminder that Sen Mitch McConnell successfully delayed warning state elections officials for several crucial months fall '16. TRAITOR
The BIG LIE. Tax reform only puts big $ into the already wealthy so they'll continue 2fund ur elections so u can continue ur un TREACHERY
You cannot fool us with flashy graphics. This takes money from the bottom and redistributes to the top
Get legalized bribes out of government
Universal Health Care so that the governor of Nevada doesn't have 2 set up a GoFundMe page to provide medical care for The Hundreds wounded
LETS TALK ABOUT GUN CONTROL????DO NOTHING CONGRESS..YOU SHOULD NOT BE PAID..oops forgot you get $ from NRA
But trump keeps telling us economy is great, stock exchange highest ever, seems like economy IS on track, why give more money to 1%
I lived thru @GOP "trickle down" economics. It was BS then and it's BS now. @GOP cares about their rich donors, not us. #GFY #GOPLies
How about some good paying jobs?  Kill Nafta!  Bring all jobs home from China, Mexico, Europe, etc.  Congress next to pitiful?  Ya think?
You mean the #billionaire tax relief act?
Please stop this nonsense immediately. You’re corruption has gone too far. #GunContolNow comes 1st. Obviously the @NRA has bought you too.
Corporations don't need a tax break...just lowers GDP
PROPAGANDA!!!!!!!!!
Gun control now!!!! And your tax reform sucks!!!
Are you sure you aren’t sliding in a defund healthcare in this so called tax cut?
You mean to further line your pockets...
Not true. Many other issues top tax reform. Infrastructure spending is at the top of my list. Tax cuts for the wealthy is at the bottom.
#NoTaxCutsForRichDicks
You can resign along with . @realDonaldTrump. Will improve moral & increase USA production- we will not be so focused on GOP ruin of us
All of it sounds good, but what have U accomplished? repeal ACA? budget? build the wall? tax reform? all talk. #DoNothingCongress #Recess
Tax cuts for the rich. Starvation wages for everybody else. Trickle down economics has been a disaster for this country and you know it.
How much $$$ do you accept from the NRA Mitch? To be silent on gun control? Not to mention FAILING on healthcare.  DISGUSTING. DO YOUR JOB.
just not YOUR tax reform.
It is if the cut helps the working people. I'd like to keep more of my pay check.
Now you your making CENTS! Make it happen!
It values ur paycheck if u make OVER $250K. That isn't the majority. Get a clue about reality. Think about ALL of us. We don't believe YOU!

No the best thing for America is if you & your gang of thrives would resign, worthless group of individuals
Why are you ?
That is a lie.
Tax cuts for the 1% is not tax reform.
wont pass
VOID OF COMPASSION!!!!!
How are you going to pay for it?
#infrastructure #jobsbill #impeachtrumpnow #NoTaxCuts
Most important thing is to protect the country from invasion! So far,Congress has failed miserably! #NoAmnesty Deport ALL illegals incl DACA
#REPEALFATCA
This isn't a tax cut for the middle class The single most importnt thing U can do today, is acknowledge stricter gun laws R required. Nothing disrespectful about it
Grifter.  Scamming the public one more time, is what you’re doing.  Reaganomics 3.0 won’t work either.  Stop worsening our national debt.
So now we are ok with deficit spending?
An inconvenient truth: Corporate tax cuts do little for workers. This report is now being suppressed by @stevenmnuchin1 so you can sell us the #TaxReform scam
Stop with your lies!
The MOST important thing we can do today is to STOP the sale of assault weapons that should be for military use ONLY.
GOP Hypocrites don’t respect life of LGBTQ!US Ambass. Votes no”condemning death penalty against LGBTQ community #Resist 2018 #ImpeachTrump
Zero confidence in your ability to get this done...
More like to further line the pockets of the wealthy just like they buy you off to do. You are a disgrace.
TELL YOUR STAFF TO CHANGE THAT MARIONETTE LIKE PROFILE PHOTO YOU LOOK LIKE A VENTRILOQUIST DUMMY
Shut up puppet face. How can you quote things that you have never experienced? You probably helped push it off track.
No you resign things will get better
LIAR
Somebody want to address that some middle class will pay up to 30 percent more in taxes??
Senator, Puerto Rico counts on your support to recover the viability of a functioning 100B Economy on the Island. NO one wants to leave.

SHUT UP!
Economy is fine. The wealthy are fine. Fix the wealth gap. You won't do it by giving wealthy more money. That's what caused the gap.
Same speech Reagan used. Trickle down was the start of our depression that Obama had to stop. Only fools fall twice.
Believe it WHEN I see it!
Nope, "fake math"
The single most important thing you can do to get America back on track is to stand up to the President.
Tell us how it will affect medicare & medicaid,.
PR, distaster relief and #CHIP, #Medicaid, and #MedicareForAll  thake precedence over additional subsidies for millionaire and billionaires
Those GOP proposal is not tax reform
Chairman's Report - September 29th, 2017 | http://FAIRtax.org  https://fairtax.org/articles/chairman-s-report-september-29th-2017 … This proposal is NOT real #TaxReform Steve Hayes
Do it already. Stop wasting time tweeting about it and do it.
Our economy is on track
No, it's the single most important thing you can do for your true constituency: the top 1%. We know you, Mitch. That's #gopgov for you.
Maybe we all need to stop paying taxes until the leaders of our government do something about the epidemic of guns in this country
You must find a way to stop citizens from  amassing guns!  The broken families of people killed in Vegas are thinking about taxes
The single most important Americans can do today is IMPEACH & vote out the majority of this corrupt @HouseGOP
#TERMLIMITS you need to go. Your big business puppet,,bought and sold
Yes mcconnell your master
Our economy IS on track. Record profits on Wallstreet. Get worker wages up and enormous CEO pay down!!!
To bad your plan doesnt do that
No! The obvious single most important thing Republicans can do is to throw off the shackles the NBA has you in and start DOING YOUR JOBS!
Thanks Mitch.  Love Charles Koch
start with tax break for middle class first. wait for result. no tax break for wealthy or corporations. 
Pardon me....but you folks in Government keep saying the economy is the "best we've had in decades".  So...which is it?
Come on Jack! I want to remodel my kitchen with the $1000 I’m getting. Don’t ruin it! 
For the benefit of the Rich!
Gotta disagree. Trickle down has been proved not to work several times. Just ask Bush Sr.
A leg up? Like pissing on the poor?
You just want to make rich people more wealthy. Your legacy is ruined Mitch.
Your lies to the people who vote against their own interest !  Kentucky wake up!
Dude, no one believes you anymore. Get back in your turtle shell because even Republicans are sick of your face.
Your party has no credibility on this topic until Trump releases his tax returns and stops wasting $ flying AF-1 every weekend to play golf.
Wait you've been telling us the economy is the best it's been under this president ? Now we have to get it back on track ? Which is it Mitch
Getting rid of pork ex: pentagon waste how much of OUR $? Paying y'all salaries? Paying other countries wars? Giving $ to other countries
How can you be so full of ?
WRONG.
New, STRONGER Gun Control Laws are the most important matter NOW.  Then #TrumpRussia next.  Taxes aren't on the map.  #TheResistance
LIAR
Better be revenue neutral and not increase the deficit, Granny Yertel. Tax the rich at 90%.
What happened in Kansas?
what about disabled Americans?  How will they be impacted by Medicaid cuts?
It will certainly help the rich, but not so much the dwindling middle class or the poor. Make sure you get yours mitch & the heck with us 
Get rid of the traitor in the WH! #traitorGOP
what about American retirees?  How will they be impacted by Medicare cuts?
Go Home and let a real conservative MAN handle this job.
Or you could resign and go home.
LIAR
would have been healthcare..Saved many http://lives.Now  less to enjoy tax relief,if u ever get it thru..doubtful
Or, we can help them stay healthy so they can work at their jobs and not have to worry about healthcare.
You're probably one of THE most reprehensible, destructive, vile hypocritical reptiles who've walked the Earth in my lifetime. This:
LOLOLOLOLOL.....you mean you are still trying to pretend that your bill has ANYTHING in it that will help the economy and workers????
What is missing in your moral compass that allows you to blatantly lie to an entire nation.?
Merrick Garland
No-The ACA Repeal you promised is! If you don’t kill the Mandate and taxes you’re going to lose Big next year!
How'd that work out for Kansas?
To me, tax reform means the rich will get richer, the poor will get poorer. CEO's will pocket a huge bonus from the Corp. tax break. No good
These tweets sound so familiar. Did you swap out TrumpCare for Tax Reform?  We’re still not buying it. #BrokenRecord
Increasing inflation will make debt dissappear very quickly!!
You forgot the * stating that you have to be wealthy to get this benefit.
You are no leader, stooge!
You will screw seniors by taking away personal exemptions and most itemized deductions.  You need 2 make all social security income tax free
It’s a tax cut for the rich at the expense of the middle class. 

It’s a tax cut for the rich at the expense of the middle class.
Then get it done I don’t care how just do it
You are a terrible person. A cheat and a LIAR, incapable of putting country over party. We are where we are because of you. I detest you.
So do it! Geesh! Tired of hearing you and others talk about it. Talking about it doesn't make you look good. Getting it done does.
Change your handle.
"Leader" my ass
