Turkey Neck mcconnell - gobble, gobble- you are a bird brain if you think we believe your BS
The RANK #HYOICRISY his own words http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/news/a52156/schumer-mcconnell-letter/ …
not one of them is even slightly qualified!   @GOP is a pathetic excuse for a party
Impeaching Trump is the best thing that you can do for your country!!!
It's no wonder. Most are totally unqualified, so what's the surprise. Vetting, what vetting. Tax rtn, what tax rtn.
because these nominees are all self-serving oligarchs interested only in themselves, just like you two traitors.
Bill Clinton did not have a cabinet in place until March 11, George H.W. Bush -  March 17,  and Obama - April 28.
Go nuclear forScotus
Let Warren Speak
.@McConnellPress @POTUS After you strove to block Obama for so long, you now complain?!? #HypocriteMcConnell
maybe they are not qualified and that's why.
because they're all as conservative and out of touch as you are.
Just as the GOP needs stronger vetting for who they run for President! Scum begets scum.
Do something about it! We are sick of the Dems. Pelosi thinks Bush is Pres. Waters thinks we're in Korea.
.Because he did not release tax returns and is a bigly idiot. Not to mention all his looney nominations that own you
THAT'S BECAUSE HE NOMINATED UNQUALIFIED PEOPLE... it's pretty simple.
Because he's the most unfit President we've had in all that time. No one else comes close! A corrupt, venal sociopath
Alternative facts again? Take your foot out of your mouth and do some research.
This shows that there are still lovers of America that will fight for the people and not for corporates only
Because his Cabinet are The Swamp.
What do you expect when you have so many people not fit to be in office? What will the consequences be if confirmed?
If you cared about AMERICA Instead of party pissing contests, you would oppose some of these nominations also. AMERICA 1st!
REALLY?!  What about you and the GOP stealing Obama's Supreme Court Judge nomination You should be in jail
You think he is doing a fine job?? You are as delusional as he is. And your #Racist stunt on the floor was disgusting
That's great!  Let's make it none from here on out!
Then get the paper work in on time!
liar
Because Trump is trying to get the worst of the worst in his cabinet. WE the PEOPLE see through his lies! You fool!
How can Senate advise POTUS about 1 of his nominees, who happens to be a Senator, if you can't talk about said Senator?
Well, he is the most unqualified @POTUS in recent history, just like his cabinet picks, so.... yeah.
And is not true, Obama in 2008 had not complete his cabinet, so @POTUS and you Mr LazyLoser are
I THINK YOU MIGHT HAVE FORGOTTEN WHO 
@BarackObama @POTUS44 WAS AND HOW YOU DISRESPECTED HIM 4 EIGHT YEARS
Word of another bad phone call between Trump and a world leader. This time Hollande, another http://ally.politico.com/story/2017/02/ …
because they are UNWORTHY

Just going to leave this right here.   
Stop the SWAMP, NO more millionaires! Real people, real qualifications! REAL INTERVIEWS for positions! #resist
this is what you get when you promote racism. Sessions, what a joke. Taking our country back 300 years.
Maybe that's because he's rewarding loyalists instead of putting qualifications first. #impeachTrumpnow
It is disgraceful, but because he has selected Horrible, unqualified, destroyers, HIS Fault, not Democrats. trump BAD
Good!
Also why could men read Coretta King's letter but not a woman?  Trust me women will remember that.
Maybe the reason is because the nominees are so bad?  Most lie, cheat and steal.  Filling the swamp with corruption
What's up with that?  You can do it but if it happens to you you are horrified.  What hypocrisy!!!!
Have you no shame sir?  You promised to obstruct a president for 8 years and did - now you are whining after 2 weeks?

Maybe try putting QUALIFIED people up for nomination!
You set the precedent here. You are the worst obstructionist in senate history. No compromise, no forgiveness until u r GONE
But, the American people deserver better Cabinet nominees.
that's because NONE are qualifed or good for America. LISTEN to the people or are we no longer a democracy?
and the person who couldn't even remember that there was a dpt of energy to run it. VETTING THESE clowns is important
Because he picked a person who doesn't believe in public education to run Dpt of Ed
he puts up a bunch of incompetent people.  Btw..Really disgusting attempt to silence EW. Letter went viral.
perhaps u share his racist views
thanks to you
Maybe they should have gotten their paperwork and background checks done sooner?
well when u make terrible choices, America is just waking up and getting started #ShePersisted
"Loser! I'm a winner! Sad! SNL is scary." You mean THIS guy and his choices? Shocker! BTW, Mitchie, you are a coward.
have you looked up the definition of #karma ?
too many approved already and if the choices were not so UNAMERICAN than maybe things would be different.  RACIST
more would be confirmed if he did not put up so much crap #socalledpresident
sesssions is a racist and mcconnell supports his nomination #RacistMcConnell
Silencing dissent in the Senate undermines American democracy and backfired in social media. #letlizspeak
WELL, HE HAS SOME REALLY, REALLY BAD CHOICES.  AND YOU, more than any other human, UNDERSTAND THE NEED TO OBSTRUCT.
you should back the people because most of us didnt want this mad man in office!!  Your on ur way out. 
because they are all unqualified and the people see that. Jeff sessions. Really? Refusing to hear mrs king 
Thank You for shutting down Warren's big mouth! Glad to see you on Republican's side. MAGA
Because YOU won't let them be properly vetted, not to mention they're unqualified for the appointed positions.
Because @potus picked a bunch of LOSERS!  @McConnellPress
Worse cabinet appointments than any other incoming Pres in history
because they suck nominate decent people and maybe they'd get confirmed faster?!?!!?!?
Well, maybe if he wasn't trying to fill the swamp. Just goes to show the admin. incompetence!
What should we except from @McConnellPress, who supports @realDonaldTrump's claim the U.S. is as bad as Russia and has people assassinated
Because none of them are QUALIFIED???!!!
It's probably because he's appointing trash. Also running Twitter for McConnell seems like the worst way to live
He also has the worst cabinet secretary nominations in American history.
Trump doesn't understand the job. He's a glorified spoiled rich kid, that didn't get enough love as a kid.
Trump doesn't know how to do this 'president thing' he has no clue, Trump blows. What a fool. Laughing stock of world
yes if proper knowledgeable middle class qualified people were nominated. So few women and minorities.
- DEM Senators put country ahead of party when opposing Sec. DeVos. She may be confirmed but is still unqualified.
Because they are dangerous and unqualified and not properly vetted. We know what you're doing
GO NUCLEAR, WE NEED OUR SCOTUS NOW!!!!
Stop your notching. He nominated  incompetant billionaires, what do you expect?
Mitch McConnell =Satan
Mitch McConnell =Lucifer
Mitch McConnell =Devil
Mitch McConnell =Voldemort
the reason? They are corrupt, inexperienced and unfit! Just like @realDonaldTrump SHAME ON YOU, McConnell!
T. Cruz calls M. McConnell a liar but E. Warren reads Coretta Scott King on J. Sessions & you silence her? SNOWFLAKE!
if he would nominate qualified people that wouldn't be a problem....
really guy? You're an embarrassment defending this corrupt clown. History won't remember you well
You saying obstruction is BAD, homes? Got a mirror where you live?
He nominates loons like a HUD Sec who thinks the Pyramids were built for grain storage. @McConnellPress @POTUS
.@POTUS has fewest Cabinet secretaries confirmed at this point than any other incoming Pres since George Washington http://bit.ly/2lhEZnH 
This KY voter wants an open debate that includes #CorettaScottKing's letter on @SenatorSessions. #LetLizSpeak
I'm pretty sure that's because his cabinet picks are horribly under qualified, racist, or crooked. His fault
The reason: Low qualifications and lack of credibility. Sad that you are blinded by your bipartisanship.
How about qualified nominees who fill out financial disclosures. Worst cab picks in history of US #resist
This president deserves NOTHING!! He is an illegitimate president!!
Blame it on the stupid choices Donnie made.  Why do you support Donnie?  Are you chicken, or what?
- Good! Only 4 or 5 of them, at best, deserve confirmation or even consideration.
#LetLizSpeak
We are entering dangerous territory if @SenatorSessions is confirmed: http://www.naacp.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/1968-CSKing-letter.pdf …
read the letter #NoSessions #CorettaScottKing  #VoteThemOut https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259988-Scott-King-1986-Letter-and-Testimony-Signed.html#document/p1 …
There's a reason for that. #unqualified #buycabinetpost #YurtletheCowardTurtle #SCROTUS #traitorstoAmerica
Not allowing #LizToSpeak before #Congress tonight is disgraceful to #demoracy & Americans. #IStandWithLiz @SenWarren
TRUMP Submitted them late and he submitted VERY questionable characters. DeVOs Should NEVER have been confirmed.
Because they all are horrible! Sell out! #NoSpine
that's because he picked unqualified ass hats.

those you have chosen are subpar at best.
hmmmm maybe because they're mostly unqualified and all have huge conflicts of interest?!?!
that's what happens when you appoint a bunch of clowns
because they are the worst ever! They will ruin this country with special interests & Alt Right religion
Because most are unqualified for their positions. Shame on you for silencing @SenWarren. No 1st Amend right in Senate
-  Mitch Turtle is Voldemort and Satan rolled into one  

When you nominate utterly unqualified buffoons, that tends to happen.
For once you're telling the truth...but he deserves it...every bit of it.
the letter
That is Ur fault.letting ethics req. slide bad...guess U don't need experience 4 anything to be in gov't.
He picked bad people.  That is why.  Don't you know?  Wake up!
That's cause U only want power and to support white nationalism. Think again, I got family in Kentucky
maybe if trump was gone that wouldn't happen,  IMPEACH TRUMP!
Your decision to silence @SenWarren speaks volumes. Defend a bigot, become a bigot. History - and the ppl - will judge you.
#SoCalledPresident #SwampCabinet
that's because they are unqualified.
Well, I hope you spoke to Merrick Garland to apologize. I really think you enjoy being evil.
Has the fewest qualified & swampiest cabinet picks in history, INCLUDING George Washington.
Maybe if so-called pres Trump picked qualified people things would go better! BTW Besty was the worst choice ever!
because nominees are WHOLLY UNQUALIFIED, didn't submit FULL disclosures, NOT READY FOR PRIME TIME!
BECAUSE THEY ARE ALL UNSUITABLE AND CORRUPT!
tell the racist turtle that he needs to let go of the fact it took him 8 years to finally force Obama out. Oh wait...
By not allowing this to be read, you just made it a REALLY big deal. #wearewatching https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3259988-Scott-King-1986-Letter-and-Testimony-Signed.html#document/p1 …):
Obama didn't get his entire cabinet confirmed in his 1st 100 days by the Republicans.  Let's be fair.  Can you be?
delete your account
how dare you disrespect Mrs. King, you are worthless, clear your phone lines
there all racist, unqualified not worthy of the office none of you are
because Trump team failed to properly vet them! And not competent ! Much like you. You are a miserable being
https://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/obama-has-waited-longer-for-cabinet-confirmations-than-any-other-recent-president/ …
his choices are bad for education, environment, minorities, reproductive freedom, & LGBTQ. All Americans
Maybe because they're all cheats, bigots, liars, and unqualified.
#BoughtandSold
#CORRUPTION
reason for not approved? Maybe unqualified nominees...just a guess. Keep bowing to your oligarchy king.
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/apr/20/barack-obama/loretta-lynch-nomination-delayed-attorney-generals/ …
bad move Mitch shutting down @SenWarren speaking Corretta King's words of truth to power vs. racist @SenatorSessions
Hahaha. This could haunt ol' Mitch.
I want to know when will these Republicans finally stand up for America?????
Never.
illegitimate president. Worst majority leader in 100 years.
Good
because this is the worst group of unqualified choices ever made in all of history.Dems are doing their job
maybe if they didn't come from the bottom of an unqualified swamp they would have been approved. #SwampCabinet
Perhaps because he picks unqualified people. Your compliance will not be forgotten, Mitch. #Resist
. It is unbelievable that you have the guts to even bring that up. Dementia setting in? Time to get out
. Congratulate yourself, U initiated that. We will NEVER forget your dastardly behavior. NEVER. Karma be your
Could it be because he has nominated the most unqualified people ever? DeVos, Perry, Pruitt, etc ????
well YOU wrote the book in OBSTRUCTION... remember how you wanted GM And Chrysler to go under?
the most unqualified group ever presented. The most racists.
Most racist is right and McConnell just showed how racist he is as well.  Disgusting!!
Really? What U do about it? MOVE! MOVE! We the PEOPLE want U 2move! We gave U House, Senate & White House! Just MOVE!
He'll be all right.
AND the least qualified Cabinet. #draintheswamp #draintheGOP
there is a reason asshat...maybe you should be looking closer at them yourself..but then again look at Devos
He nominated unqualified candidates who should never have been nominated in the first place.
That's a testament to how truly awful they are.
Because he's been irresponsible from Day 1.  Shame on all of you
taste of your own medicine. It's called karma.
Maybe if @POTUS had chosen qualified, responsible candidates confirmation would be easier.
Payback best be strong handed and deep into @TheDemocrats agenda.
eliminate the filibuster rule!  Have some backcone.
That is because @realDonaldTrump is appointing idiots like the #unholytrinity and @BetsyDeVos the bear hunter.
Not coincidentally, this is the worst cabinet nominees in awhile.
Hello?????  Worst nominees in history. That's why.
Nah. You just hate President Trump so you get worked up over everything he does. MAGA!
dude. Did you listen to DeVos? She is clueless
good
