You care only about getting the win, and nothing for the health and well-being of American citizens.  This is an act of pure evil.
This has been the sleaziest, most destructive process in my adult life. The bill is worse. We don't know what you're voting on. Shameful.
I hope you really listen to the other side. Quit saying what u told the people, what people?You were willing to rip healthcare from millions
Shame on you!
WE need public hearings before the vote. It is OUR healthcare YOU are pushing. Why the rush?? It is OUR lives. We want to know!!!!!
I live in KY, over 400,000 people here got expanded medicaid. Why are you working against your constituents lives?
In 20 years, calling a politician "a McConnell" will be a grave insult.
Thing is, he doesn't care about all the constituents this bill is going to kill because by the time it starts to do damage, he'll be dead.
I thought he was vain enough to care about his legacy. But apparently he is of the "He who dies with most toys wins" type. 
At your own peril! This is a mistake. And we will make sure you own it!
That's the minute you confirm you have no soul.
He sold his soul to the Koch brothers long ago.
And remove the word "leader" from your title. You are in no way a "leader" of the people and our country.
Not at all. You're welcome in #Canada, @AronEisenberg!
2. At the moment, all I have his my voice. I need find more ways to fight, too.
Please do. Bless you and all who resist peacefully.
I will add you to my list of people never to vote for.  If u dig one ditch, u better dig 2 because the 1 u dig just may be for U.

2keep a "commitment to vote" when the bill 2b voted on is BAD, that is NOT A GOOD THING! Stop sabotaging the @ACA...fix it w the D's!
You suck
On exactly what bill will this be?????  And is there a CBO score with it???
Why are you hiding the contents of what's going to be presented for vote? What are you hiding? What dirty tricks are up your sleeve?

No one asked for the cowardly way this has proceeded. I hope voters in kentucky are braver after you strip away their health care.
Proving beyond a shadow of a doubt that you pander to donors, instead of listening to constituents. GOP obstructed the ACA, but we remember.
If you vote yes you are not working for the people of your state and America!
Booooooo!

How @GOP slept while Obama was stealing billions from HUD w/out your permission:
YOU allowed National Theft under Obama and allow the Democrats pretend that @POTUS is corrupt? SHAME ON YOU!
No 40601
I disagree with your agenda. Your hands have blood on them. #GodBless
What's happening with #BackRoomDeals  now that cover story is #Racism ? #ProForma me some answers! @ChrisMurphyCT @RepPaulTonko @SenSchumer

Unbelievable that GOP's trying to jam through a bill that would end #Medicaid as we know it and gut care for >20mil without a single hearing 

https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-07-20/senate-s-revised-health-bill-would-boost-uninsured-by-22-million … 
#VoteNO
You are betraying the American people

This health care bill isn't simply unconscionable and unjust. It's unconstitutional.

We won't stand for it. 
You are killing Americans.
What's it like to be this cruel & proud of it?
Tomorrow, I will keep my commitment to my donors by voting yes on the motion to proceed on big tax cuts at the expense of healthcare.
Until vote fails, then you'll vote no to keep zombie trumpcare...continue making sick/disabled kids like @LittleLobbyists imploring no votes
They'll remember who took it away.
Your job is to get the rest of Senate on board
Proceed on what?
Vote on what tho?
Yeah, kinda sounds like what Dems did to pass this disaster only not even the same.
U R A DESPICABLE HUMAN BEING - 
A HEARTLESS MAN WHO NEED TO LOSE HIS JOB ASAP - 
#MACABEMCCONNELL #bastardexecutioner #WEwontFORGET
America has a pre-existing condition.   DTSD,  Donald Trump Stress Disorder.   It is crippling us all.
stick together 
it is almost over 
his ship of fools is taking on water 
we got this 

#uSUCKtrump
I hope so Rosie!
https://www.axios.com/public-wants-republicans-to-work-with-democrats-on-health-care-2457433357.html …
Secret bill drafter wants to proceed on secret bill. Shocking development.
Not even close Jonny. Not even close to what Dems pulled to pas Ocare either. But u know that.
The GOP was invited 2 help write the ACA. The Gang of Six was formed to help.
Why the hell would the want to sign on to government health care? No, not true. GOP opposed ACA from beginning.
Gang of Six, look it up. They were working on compromise for ACA then McConnell threatened them. It is history

Sen. Murkowski committed “I will not support a reckless repeal process that leaves people hanging.”
That’s what Senate GOP plan would do. 
YOU are so full of shit & so are all your wretched cronies!
If YOU  smelt it YOU dealt it.  That is exactly OUR opinion of you!!!!!
"Our"? OMG, you choose to identify with thugs who care nothing for you or your well being. Good luck with that. #BlessYourHeart
Josephine is a bot! Pay no mind.
You are not paying attention. 65% of Americans like ACA. 

IMPROVE ACA!!
65% eh. Then why isn't Hillary president?!
She won the popular vote by nearly 3M. Trump won the electoral college by mere 1%. Plus the cyberattacks from Russia. He's illegitimate!
Russia Russia Russia. Yep you're so smart. She's married to an accused rapist who was impeached. Woo hoo.
22 million people will lose their healthcare
Because they aren't forced to buy it maybe.
You need to read the bill... 22 million individual will lose healthcare...
Then they should find a job. Why are able bodied people on the government dole?

.@SenatorCollins: GOP health care bill "could lead to insurance plans that really are barely insurance at all." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  
Your bill creates failures for >22 million more American families. These orgs publicly oppose because of its harm. Vote NO @senrobportman
75% of the 22 million will choose to leave. They are now forced to have healthcare. You are fake news.
22 million based on affordability. People: w/pre-existing cond.; over 58 yrs, ppl w/disabilities are most vulnerable. List of orgs opposed:
https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/04/23/thanks-to-democrats-pre-existing-conditions-outweigh-the-uninsured-in-the-gop-replacement-deal/#c121daf61aa3 … Reality
Reality is they CAN fix it, but they are corrupt & inept. Facts:
All of these numbers in the magic chart are from the obamacare time frame. Also, our high prices subsidize the other countries.
if our prices are high because we're subsidizing other countries, shouldn't we... stop subsidizing other countries?
What are you talking about? "Subsidizing other countries?" We are talking healthcare for US vs other countries, not subsidizing them.
And I will vote no when you run for reelection in 2020.
I'm right there with you Joshua & will help whoever runs against him however I can to insure that he is voted out
You 2 live there? What do most Kentuckian's think of @SenateMajLdr ?
I live in a deep red county near Bowling Green. Almost no one likes him, but he's not a democrat. So...
Serious Q. If @KySportsRadio ran against him, who do you think ppl would vote for.
What about Ashley Judd?  She is KY born and wildcat fans love her and Louisville fans love our state. Seriously, what do you all think?
I think Ashley could get the vote
Not a chance. Most UK fans hate her now
I hope you flip on your back because no one would turn U over
JESUS, Mitch, keep it down!  I can hear your weeping all the way over here on the west coast!
There's a spot in Hell with your name on it. You are evil.

You've heard of this.. Never underestimate the wrath of a woman's scorn...you harm her children, you will see what she can do to you
Focus on your failures sir.  YOUR FAILURES!

You are clueless. This discussion of healthcare should be robust & inclusive
to quote an old rolling stone review of an osmonds record: i wish you would learn to ski and meet andy williams' ex-wife. #GOPscum
AMERICANS WANT LOVE NEED BULLET PROOF OBAMACARE
 
8YRS TO PUT TOGETHER NO ONE OFFERED ANYTHING AS GOOD
AND
 DEATHCARECOST 70% MORE
And you will lose... because 32M Americans don't trust you and Repubs to do anything but make lives more difficult. Try having a heart.
The motion to proceed AS IF! #America should know anything YOU do is Twisted and #Greed motivated ONLY. You care NOTHING 4 US!
America is coming back... coal & energy are coming back...private sector which built USA is coming back-and yes healthcare & tax reform is 2
Evil
You will vote yes and your own constituents will bit you goodbye? You took 25 million off healthcare. #great legacy
Shame on you. Your legacy is a joke.
Care to tell the American public what you might be voting to proceed on? Never mind, we know where your loyalties lie - Party over country

You have no conscience at all.
The deaths caused by the repeal will be on your head. So very Christian of you.
You will be held personally responsible for all deaths that will result from taking away healthcare from millions of people.
Conversely, you could let compassion, mercy, wisdom, and common sense move you to VOTE NO and prove you care about Americans.
you tell him, miller!! 
The only reason U don't like ACA is a black president helped developed You are a racist pure & simple a shame to KY!
If this bill lasses all elected representatives should lose their healthcare too.  Bipartisan loss.
Obamacare is not a failure.ACA is not perfect,it had some flaws but it saved peoples' http://lives.You ,however, are an abject failure
What do you keep where your heart should be? Chips & guac?
Satan is so proud!
This is a terrible, terrible decision that hurts so many. #ProtectOurCare #SaveTheACA
Your ties to Russia are being investigated.  Money trails are easy to follow, so I'd lawyer up quickly, if I were you, demise of the @GOP.

Great call! It's more important to undermine your constituents than to keep the ACA. You are a swell guy.
Why do you hate us???

I would really like to see the WH argument for why, and exactly how, these "victims" of Obamacare would be better off under their plan
Translation: you're going to vote to take away healthcare from millions of Americans because the president who created the ACA is black.
Wow Mitch thats mighty fine of you for a change, wow wow wow
what are you even voting on? Do you even know? You are the worst.
Proceed to what? No one but you knows what.  you've been so secretive and tried to ram illconcieved thrown together bill down throats
Disgusting excuse for a man and a human
Your commitment to punish the most vulnerable Americans will not be forgotten. In the end, I hope regrets consume you.
You are mistaken
Proceed to what?

Any @SenateGOP who votes FOR #TRUMPCARE is a cold blooded murderer supporting a tyrant who will eventually stab them in the back. 
You're a failure

Just #RepealObamacare  don't replace
Villian
You are despicable.
My prayer is that you lose!!

When are you going to tell the American people what you're voting to proceed on? If you're proud of your bill, you shouldn't be hiding it.
You're keeping your commitment to a piece of paper, NOT the American people! #VoteNo
You are morally bankrupt. You are the secret evil at the heart of our country's ills.  I wish you had experienced more love in your life.
You're gross.
The only failure we see is you.
#racist #liar #hypocrite #evil #ass
You don't even have a bill, you have a motion. You are not a leader, you're an inept puppet. Kicking the sick to the curb. Want to debate?
@SenateMajLdr u sir, r a TRAITOR to all Americans.
You will keep your commitment to big insurance by voting yes to the motion to proceed. You sure aren't voting for the working class.
What does dear leader have on you guys? You can't be this stupid without incentive! Maybe Putin is feeding trump some GOP dirt
Your god will judge you, as will the people whose lives are destroyed.
You're the worst kind of self-serving worm. Liar, traitor.
Your political demise starts now. Don't let the door hit you on your way out. Soulless, evil creature. Power hungry, corrupt minion of Trump
I hope you pay tenfold for the complete lack of decency, empathy, patriotism, and statesmanship that has characterized your tenure.
You are vile. Everyone around you knows it but they are too weak to say it. No dignity. No respect for others. No compassion. No integrity.
Why are you sooo fucking evil? What happened to you in life where human life has no value? What?
This will be detrimental to your own state!!  People will lose coverage. We don't want this!!
U need 2 ditch "Leader" from ur Twitter name; as u r no leader. In fact, u are just the opposite: A disgustingly, greedy disgrace 2 America.
#Obamacare isn't failing. You're failing. If you were a human you would let #Trumpcare fail too.
You and Trump sabotaged Obamacare. Both of you "stink."
And so the political match is lit...
Party over The People is unpatriotic.
Move beyond Obamacare to DEATHCARE by 45. Your name will forever be mud in the eyes of history.
You are disgusting beyond belief!
Bad decision to repeal ACA you are going to kill many Americans

Thanks for Raping the people you serve. I'm calling for a bill that requires lawmakers to have the benefits they vote on and pay for it too
And I'll keep my commitment to pray to the good lord that bad men like you are justly punished for such a cruel, heartless political move.
You will be throwing millions of people off their insurance just to satisfy your obsession with undoing Obama's legacy. SHAME ON YOU.
The only thing you are doing is voting to kill millions.. you are a traitor to the people & the #UnitedStates


Aha....he got them all immunized, so they won't need it?
You work for the people not to bolster lies that have been told. http://www.npr.org/2017/06/28/534612954/just-17-percent-of-americans-approve-of-republican-senate-health-care-bill …
That's a crying shame. This is my life you're playing with to "keep my commitment". no longer about the people you serve. It's about you
That is a self serving decision. More damage to America. Please, please @GOP do the right thing and vote NO!!!
And if you get your way, unjustly, and without integrity and compassion, I will leave the GOP. #donewiththisparty #resist #bipartisannow
Homework for MidTerms #Vote November 6, 2018: http://ballotpedia.org/United_States_ …

WE are the EMPLOYERS; We PAY those we hire. Let's hire intelligently
I heard having no lips isn't a pre existing condition under your plan. I wonder who put that clause in?
Voting your own interests even when the American people clearly do not approve.
You are about to kill millions by not giving them ACA. Let's take away your health care and see how you do
I honestly don't know how the people of Kentucky keep voting you in office.
I despise these spineless Republicans.  May they lose their health insurance so they know what it is like...maybe bankrupt them.
Yeah but can you finally tell the truth about your separation from the military service and what you got caught doing? Just asking?
You may be the most evil person in the United States. You take pleasure in ripping security out from under people. #sadist
Would you say the same if the opposition were 2nd amendment supporters?
Which will make u a MURDERER
Repeal yourself with no plan for a replacement.
I contemplate moving to your district just so I can also vote against you in 2018. How dare you care so little for American citizens?
You have no honor and it will be revealed just how deplorable you are. You are committed to harming women, children and the poor. Shame on u
By the changes to ACA in your bill, you think the failures of ACA were that it covered too many people and made the premiums too cheap. You
got the problems of ACA absolutely 100% wrong. You had a chance to do real good with your time leading the senate. But you screwed it up.

Sounds like you're gunning for bigger and more spectacular failures.
Please stand up for Americans @lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenDeanHeller @JeffFlake @senrobportman @SenRonJohnson @JerryMoran & against MTP.
Your commitment is to the Kochs-not your voters. I hear they love Kentucky care. Your violation of democracy, senate norms-sad
Why are you so evil? What does Putin have over you? Why are you selling out your country?
WATCH & Vote NO
How can you take away Health care for MILLIONS
Have you no decency?
#FU
https://www.facebook.com/TrumpResistanceMovement/?hc_ref=ARSii8j_JV6XaUfQye3X2XYjrMqiQsZtyEWf04z1m_atjRlSeewE05-fxotr9fkX3y8&fref=nf …
#ProtectOurCare
NO, HE HAS NO DECENCY. LOOK AT THE PEOPLE WHO VOTE FOR HIM. THE MOST ILLITERATE AND POOR IN THE COUNTRY
Shameless to do this to people because of the hate of a black man being in the white house. He didn't taint it, you all have!
