Unless you're wealthy, you may die 4x faster if #Deathcare goes thru. My elderly, military widow mom will be. #inhumane #FiftyYearsBehind
You realize you pay tax subsided healthcare for Congress? And if this passes they go back to FEHB and are excluded??
They had to under ACA not under GOP plan please get your facts straight
Sen. Mitch - after decades in public "service" what have you accomplished which you are proud of?
Not much. Also, Mitch LIED to Eastern KY last year & told voters he was bringing their coal jobs back. #ConArtist #grifter #unamerican
Answer your phones, Senator. Post the bill, Senator.
For years I've been trying to reach his office by phone, he doesn't EVEN let u leave a message. He's the only one of all of congress probly
Ahh, the good ole days when you could actually work together toward the greater good. What happened to you??
Too bad you don't give our current President a little support!! Stop these hearings!! You're allowing dems to run your Chamber!
You aren't suitable to lick his boots.
once a turtle always a turtle.  creep
Did y'all know there was no weapons of mass destruction???
You have lost all integrity to stand next to this man.
I agree
Funny, I don't see your laudatory birthday greeting to @POTUS 45!
Old illuminati
In retrospect he was a good president -- unlike #Trump -- or you and the GOP -- learn something from him -- like respect for democracy.
Wish we could say the same for Trump
Those were the days! When men of stature and integrity filled the Office of the President
MCConnell is secretly working on health care plan and doesn't want to show it to the public!
Gosh I wish you had the integrity to put country over politics like him. Fix health care or stop complaining
To bad we are stuck with the other guy. You sold out yourself for your party.
#clueless....
Too bad You McConnell have become no more than a "YES MAN" for the #IdiotInCharge how's it feel to Betray Your Country?
He would despise what u have become.
We see you.
How is it possible that even when I know you are being sincere, you bear the distinct attributes of a lying, greedy coward? Despicable.
The Russiapublicans sure have fallen a long way since he was President!
Trying to fast track a health vote without hearings, CBO score, or citizen-stakeholder input? Are you out of your mind? #nationaldisgrace
Certainly a BETTER man than you....But then that is setting the bar ultra-low. NO?
At least he was an actual President, not the gilded potato megalomaniac you're now kowtowing to, who knows why. What happened to R's?
Really??? McConnell??? Calling old man Bush a great prez & even better man??? He is scum--
He wasn't rotten like you
YES YES Much better than that dufus that you support now, put nation before party!!
Great President and Better man,  words you will never hesr
President Bush was great GOP leader, too bad Trump, Ryan, & you did not learn from a real gentleman & war hero.
He doesn't like you. Right George? 
Those were the days when the GOP was still viable
my dog is a better man than you TRAITOR
You both look a lot younger
YOU are delirious Mitch, there's no such thing as Clean Safe Coal Energy....
A good man, much better than his son, but a crappy POTUS, hence the one term.
Yes and he's much better than you will ever be!
Too bad you aren't good enough to lick his boots
He's probably totally ashamed of what you've done to the party.
M@!!!
Either your're slobbering or your grammar needs some work, Senator, but let's move on.
Take a lesson Turtle Man... oh too late, you are just as corrupt as the rest of them.
Great my ass. Bush & his crime family should be incarcerated. Bush & NWO, Globalists destroyed this country
After the way the Bush clan has treated our president, I disagree with your assessment of his character.
Mitch you disrespect  President Bush everyday you and other Republican leaders allow Trump destroy Presidency
What's you working on over there McConnell-tucky?  Can we see too before it gets secret vote?
Great...now get back to passing POTUS agenda !!
A much better man than you are. He acted in the interest of country not party.
Let the American people see your healthcare bill. Do you think this is russia or saudi arabia? You are all cowards.We have a right to see it
#MitchNeedstoRetire
U are nothing like him...McConnell
I voted for him the first time. Haven't voted for a Rep since. He is a far far more honorable man than you, and not a closet queen.
Whatever, Reagans-reject. Obama put them ALL to shame.
Certainly a better man than you
DO YOUR JOB and release healthcare bill draft! We have a right, yes a RIGHT, to see it as soon as possible.
cc @SenateGOP
Yes he was.  Unlike yourself bird face, he's a politician we could be proud of.  Not a hyper-partisan hack who puts party ahead of country
You two choads were made for each other.
its hard to believe you were young once...
#ShowUsTheBill you cowardly turtle. 41 would have NEVER treated the American public this way!
Who cares for this World Order Socialist. Move to Cuba please...and the rest of you Socialist RINO's
He's a member of the New World order.
Sen. McConnell, just curious if you still had a moral compass when photo was taken, or if you were already in pocket of special interests
He's ashamed of what you've done to the party he represented.
#ShowUsTheBill  stop hidding it, the American people must see it!
Hey Look at you, Mitch.....you almost had a chin back then.....
I believe it begs the question: would he approve of the current AHCA healthcare plan and tactics to make it law?
@Phil_Mattingly @GeorgeHWBush you may think so but I sure as hell dont.
Awwwwww look at a young McConnell!!!
I hate you.
Could you also share the healthcare bill? Remember you are a Public Servant not a monarch! We voted you in, we can vote you out
Yes, a conservative who did the right thing, I.e., raised taxes, even though unpopular, but it was best 4 country. A rare breed indeed!
Sit with your spiritual counsel; Reverend, Priest, etc, reflect on the contrast between you and GHWB and how you can be a better man too!
Much better than you. He wouldn't be pulling the bullshit you are. #CorruptGOP
Merrick Garland
Emulate him
McConnel is such a crass phony it sickens me...how he lets this Russian bought criminal continue as 44.5 just to get his goodies. Immoral.
Glad you can stop to reminisce while the country implodes
On this we can agree, the last Republican I ever voted for. Because he was a decent person.
You need to stop the madness and get behind Our President Trump...NOW!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Birthday  Mr. president.
Even this great man didn't support your Trump, he knew better.
Also, can you explain your doscharge from the military?
Remember when he came up with the term voodoo economics to describe trickle down economics? Hahahaha hahahahaha hahahahaha hahaha Hahahahaha
Shut up and work on GOP unity. Pass the health and tax bills. NO summer break! WORK!
Unlike the JOKE the GOP is now
Greater and better than you could ever hope to be.
Republics senators wont release their healthcare bill because they know how damn awful it is.  Shame on @SenateMajLdr .
liar. he is pure evil and leader of the rogue and shadow govt! cia and NAFTA , mena all of it.  HE did it.
Instead of siding with the law, these Republicans (McConnell, Rryan, etc.) are siding with President Trump.
Great job with first Persian Gulf War.  Master leader of the Iran Contra affair.  No good.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
#showusthebill You owe it to ALL Americans to show us what you are proposing. It is irresponsible governing to not let us see or give input
What would you know about great presidents & men?
How about honoring him by not taking our care away-Stop sabotaging #ACA & fund CSRs!!!!! #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Drain that swamp. Are you making America better? Not at all ! Thanx 4 your help- Not 
Turtle then turtle now.   Wow.    2018
Yes he is great .... You are not
It doesn't take much to do better than you. My dog can sit, be quiet and do nothing
And he's much cuter!
yes better than you by a mile
I wonder if he would say the same about you.
Mitch, as a fellow Kentuckian, I ask that U please get the Republicans in line behind President Trump. We Republicans R tired of Dems chaos.
@SenateMajLdr too bad you're not 1% the statesman he is. Bad for America. #TermLimits
better than you could ever hope to be...or our fake man in the White House
Well he is a better man than you!
10 times better than the current president u r supporting!
How about passing this as a birthday present!
Repeal Obama-Care!
Balanced the Budget!
Build the Border Wall!
Pass Tax Reform!

Get It Done!
Are you going to support impeachment of this current president now or after you pass your tax cut for the rich?
Too bad you aren't like he is. He was honest
GHW Bush, symbol of a GOP destroyed by @SenateMajLdr. Don't be a coward; have open hearings about the new healthcare bill. Pres. Bush would.
For sure he is ashamed of u! Last Repub I voted for..a man of character a true patriot My how things have changed!Ur Fault $$$ over Country
Way better than you
He will be remembered as a great man in history… Too bad you won't.
Wash your face
Barf.
Yeah, happy birthday anyway.
U will never B a leader. U and Sessions R way past ur time to step down. Pls. do that. EarsandEyesWideOpen #EAEWO.
Better than you, certainly.  But what a low bar.
Too bad you are not HALF the man he is.....He knows that you are a traitor to your own country.
How much of your campaign funds come from out of state Mitch Mc"conman".
So you're 103 right Mitch. #retire #Corruption #ImpeachTrump #Resist
NICE! Way back when you had a chin!
Not sure an endorsement from you counts for much. RICO's coming.
Show America the bill Mitch. You lying hypocrit, so glad Claire McCaskill called your sorry ass out
A man that actually had morals unlike YOU and current members of your party.
Question: Did you also post a Birthday greeting to President Trump, or do you reserve your BD greetings for New-World-Order pushers?
A better man you could ever hope to be, Mitch.
Better than you can ever dream of being.
Mitch, you are not worthy to shake this man's hand or even be in a photo with him. You defile everything he represents.
lol. You're such a hack. If we're lucky, history will bury you as one of the worst members of Congress since Jeff Davis.
When you compare Bush 1 to 45, who do you admire more? Why? Whose ideals do you wish for the US?
You could learn something from him
@@GeorgeHWBush                         Happy Birthday To You
Down with the New World Order.
He tolerates you Mitch. Like most ethical people-he tolerates you.
Hey did you read the article in WaPo today about you?? describes repealing ACA as sabotage, speed and secrecy on your part. You're corrupt.
I'm so old that I remember when conservatives weren't Russian patsies.
Too bad @GOP went from him to whatever the hell is going on now.
FAR FAR BETTER THAN YOU WILL EVER BE MCCONMAN.
nice hair Mitch...  
Too bad u don't espouse any of his morals
He'll go down in history as a great President while you'll be remembered for your greed and being a traitor to our country
Then why are you cutting funding for his Disabilities Act recipients
I can feel 45's insecurity over this tweet from 500 miles away

you're not worthy staying in his shadow mitch
#AHCA will put my life to an end unnecessarily. Please, don't do this.
