What is wrong with you? It's pretty evident that you are also compromised. I look forward to the history books about your treachery.
I look forward to bringing back the stocks for enablers like him and @SpeakerRyan.
you will be complicit.  Makes you not just unethical but traitor.  Russia is our enemy
Comb over the facts and choose Trump over Country
What's wrong with an independent investigation? If there is nothing to find, then you can throw it in the face of the Dems.
We the American people ask that you get behind our duely elected President and assist him in getting our country back from them mess .
History will long remember you as an active participant in and crony to the President who destroyed our American democracy.
Put America first McConnell and support getting a special prosecutor.
The republican party is filled with nothing but traitors mitch McConnell puts donor money and party over country.
Mitch McConnell might also be a Russian puppet I wonder how deep the Russians are in the republican party.
independent prosecuter!
Oh whoopee. Trump defender has gotta go.
Is he going to speak in Russian?
The only thing we want to hear is that Trump has been impeached!  Anything else we will consider a lie and a lemming falling off cliff!
TRAITOR!
Expect you to call for an independent investigator for Russia tires to Trump campaign.
We need a special prosecutor!
We the American people demand an independent investigation into Trump's connection with Russia. Listen to the constituents!
I hope you discuss the need for an #IndependentInvestigation and a #SpecialProsecutor for #TrumpRussia.
#DoYourJOB!
You are proving yourself to be a traitor, just like #treasonousTrump & have put him above your country. Be an American first, Republican 2nd
This philosophy  about quality equal for America.
did he give your wife that job to keep you in his side. Come on
at least look at taxes privately oh but you will look the other way
as a republican I ask for you to get up and speak out for the people. Get this investigated and out
This is not  only Right or left This is  for all equal for  America first Country first 
God bless you and God bless America 
We want New FBI is  Who is  equal and quality Constitution and Law firms protect everyone not only one life. American first
Pathetic. Do your job or get out of the way and let the senators who care about our country do it for you.
We demand you appoint a Special Prosecutor to continue the investigation into trump's collusion with Russia! A non-partisan Prosecutor.
What about a special prosecutor for HRC email scandal & her other crimes.
how can you have such high use of heroin and take away essential drug rehab
#healthcare w/out CSR payments to off set the cost to lower income. They will pull out.
TRIED CALLING McConnell's OFFICE ASKING WHY HE'S LYING ABOUT OBAMACARE? .HIS PHONE SYS IS DOWN DUE TO A HIGH VOLUME OF CALLS..PISSED VOTERS
#health care we need women such as Collins on the panel
Pathetic argument supporting a corrupt Potus. Why is McConnell afraid of Trump? @SenateGOP @SenateDems have a constitutional responsibility.
be honest with your self
insurance, you will not find them after May,you did not allow the merger of Aetna and Humana
(D)Blaming too much about  President  Trump  (D)Not respect We The people
Are you seriously discussing Obamacare right now?
No
Yes, he was earlier.
It's how he opened his address to Senate.
Hopefully either resigning as leader, or being a leader and calling for a special councel to oversee the Trump/Russia investigation.
Now McConnell is concerned that the dems want an independent investigation, but he, McConnell does not want Trump's actions exposed. Shame.
#veterans post traumatic syndrome is not covered with the plan and it is considered preexisting
WTF?
do you have a questions or you just course
talk to Leah Briemer about her cancer. Mike Taylor voted for trump and does not want preexisting to go away
At some point, your covering for scum makes you indistinguishable from it.
At this moment McConnel is now blaming Dems for Trumps firing of Comey. He had to drink water because he knows how damn dumb he sounds.
McConnell has always adopted Trumps view of just blaming democrats for his & republican actions. Cheap shameful politician who just hates.
Shame on you!  Democrats are willing to reach across the aisle, and you are shamefully partisan.  Obstructionist.  UNpatriotic.
I watched McConnell, and saw nothing but a cheap politician blaming democrats for the bill that house republicans recently passed. Shameful.
You need to listen to the citizens & start the process for an ind. investigation & spec. prosecutor.
