U mean Trump's BIGLY donors
Take away committee assignments from McCain, Collins Paul. &Murkowski
Why not focus on something that would concentrate on all people not just reps or dems
Nothing more than same old @gop voodoo economics that have failed the poor and middle class for 45 years
I FIND IT IMPOSSIBLE TO LISTEN TO MCONNELL SPEAK BECAUSE EVERYTHING HE SAYS IS A LIE. JUST LIKE RYAN. JUST LIKE TRUMP. JUST LIKE MOST GOP!
I can’t wait to watch you also fail at this.
We definitely don't believe you, Senator McConnell.
Harkin 2 info we have at this time...what do U not understand....doubling standard deductions etc
..
.
and repatriating Trillions of dollars  from off shore large corp tax evaders TAX FREE -  NO WAY !!
It is not proposed as tax free
You have a forked tongue. Stop trying to BS us. We know good and well this is another money grab by the rich, just like the bailout back in 2008. If you're going to stimulate the economy then give the tax breaks to the people that need it most and watch the economy turn around..
McConnell - Get Out of My Congress.  You , Ryan, McCain and Graham are all Lying RINOs ...you are Fired
We don't want that trickle down economics shit. We want talk tax reform. Meaning taxiing properly the rich & Corp and taxiing less the poor.
@SenateMajLdr the tax plan is garbage! It makes the rich richer and the poor poorer. Trickle down only works if the top isnt greedy and amoral. We are not going to stop and we will create the next  protest cycle. #realtaxregormneeded
Trickle down economics didn't work the last 2 x's. The Rich just get richer. GOP is lying about tax reform just like health care. Liars!
Your tax plan is focused on the rich and making them richer... nothing more
Unless you’re referring to the 1% jobs and paychecks, YOU LIE!
Hey Mitch, Steve B. just gave you an old fashion shalcking in Alabama. The Judge is on his way to see you. "Judgement Day"
Pass it.

It is aimed at filling your pockets. At the cost of the middle class.
And making billionaires richer....really!!!
I don't believe you
are the new tax forms out that say "I win" on them, yet?
Ill believe it when I see it...like the Onama Care repeal....disappointment
GOP tax cuts will benefit the rich not the middle class. Tax cuts don’t create economic growth.
Horse manure
#GraphicDesign
↓↓↓CLICK HERE↓↓↓
National debt? Are you not worried about the huge and growing deficit?
Unified Who? Where? Are you talking about those Tea party people? Unified? Come on sir. Who are you trying to fool? Be an adult talk to Dems
This should be easy. Hope it adds confidence to #repealObamacare bc I'm not interested in having my identity stolen on his site!!
Fix this picture with your reform, or get some new ideas.
Actually, just another tax break for the rich at e expense of workers. Ideas as tired and debunked as you. http://billmoyers.com/2014/09/11/a-wealthy-capitalist-on-why-money-doesnt-trickle-down …
That's funny.
You know Mitch the American people are tired of being let down. Healthcare needs to be handled correctly. This process is moving too  slow
LMFAO
Lair.  How is eliminating the estate tax and bring corp tax rate down 15% going to help Americans? You shouldn't be in office anymore!
Really? Because to me it looks like it's focused on big tax cuts for the sake of tax cuts.
Resign or step down! All repub senators under you are horrible. All for themselves! We will take you all out soon!
You said united for Repeal & Replace, Immigration reform
Your worse than Trump. He is sick you just lie & promote your lame duck Republican Party, excusing Trump for the sick destruction of USA
Why is Puerto Rico not getting the humanitarian help they need. Are you ALL sitting on your hands?
Shameful
Rule Number One Mitch McConnell lies. Rule Number Two if you think Mitch McConnell is telling you the truth refer back to Rule Number One
Yeah yeah Mitch what happened the last time you proposed something. Oh that’s right.
Please complete this task. Everything the president spoke about get it done

Get some Dems aboard Mealy Mouth
Pp A DOG!AGAIN- disgraced his wife ,our country Do NOT understand how you can EVER
Gee, I guess that does sound better in McConnellish than in English which would say tax cuts for the rich, right?
How about grow low and mid-income paychecks and shrink high-income paychecks? Support small biz not corps and execs.
#Gop and #taxreforms is an oxymoron. The two should never be juxtaposed in a sentence from a republican. @SenateGOP
Yup for the rich always has been
You have done nothing to help middle class families
Whose family?
Retire
@McConnellPress You are full of carp sir. You need to step down. You are a failure !
Trickle down...trickle on the middle class...go home!
First, get Trumps tax returns so we can see how the proposed tax plan impacts him.  Something tells me he's going to fare better than most
Bull. It makes your billionaire donors richer and makes poorer people pay even more. You and @SpeakerRyan are shameless
You do know that you've lost what little credibility you had. Right? No one believes anything that comes out of your mouth.
But really on making the one percent richer.
Liar liar Pence on fire 
Every time @GOP messes with the economy, the economy tanks #taxbreaksforrich #screwlowincomepeople #sosad #soulless #heartless #Shameless
R u going to get McCain on board or is he going 2b thumbs down AGAIN bc he has a vendetta against DT. He's supposed 2b a servant of the ppl!
Love you @SenateMajLdr
more tax breaks for the rich while Mid class pays more through deductions elimination.
Unified to screw the American taxpayers you mean, except the rich of course.
Translation: Our haphazardly tossed-together GOP #TaxReform framework is focused on growing senators’ paychecks and corporate profits.
Watch out, middle class tax payers. This is typical GOP double speak for plotting tax cuts for the already very wealthy.
GOP is clearly NOT unified.  You have lost trust in each other and U.S.A.
You got any Democrats in your back pocket? Are the RINOS on board? If not, you better get to work!
Your legislation helps nobody but the 1% and your deep pocket donors. You left your constituents behind a long time ago. @indivisibleky6
What type of jobs?
PROVE IT.
This will be a Junk Bill to Help your Donors.
The Rich.
How does a tax break for the rich and corporations increase my paycheck?  It doesn't, it won't, it never has.
You're cool Mitch McConnell
B.S.
You call yourself unified? I doubt that very much you can't even repeal & replace Obamacare you are all establishment we will replace you!!
Rich families, white families...
giving more tax breaks and money to the RICH and fucking over the middle class.  This will FAIL just like your healthcare repeal!
I
Oh ok, so your Tax plan is for Rich GOP doners
It damn sure isn't.  You are giving the wealthiest and corporations obscene tax breaks on the backs of the middle class.
How fair is it to take from the middle & give to the top?  How will this all help the deficit?  What, no balanced budget, AGAIN?
The GOP is not Unified Moore is a great example
GOP UNIFIED , SAY WHAT, OMG, WHEN & WHY DID YOU ALL OF A SUDDEN UNIFY?
As long as they are millionaires! We Republicans don't care about the rest of you. You don't vote.
You're funny LOL
I giggled a little at "unified"
If Pres Trump supports it you should oppose it. We depend on your leadership to be fair and to keep the ideals that have made America great.
I hate this tax plan. Repealing the personal tax exemption. NO WAY I'm urging my congress men to say NO NO NO
Isn't it time for you to retire your standing in the way with the rest of the swamp
unified with whom?  u r doing the same thing u did with healthcare & that was a real success. at yr age u should have learned something
Baloney....it is trickle down which doesn't work and never will.  You need to build the middle class for success.  they don't buy yachts.
MR McCONNELL if Trump is going to REFORM TAXES like he tried to REFORM HEALTH CARE GOD HELP US.WAS BORN STUPID!LIVES STUPID! WILL DIE STUPID
No tax giveaways to the 5%. Only.2% of estates pay inheritance tax & .4% of farms. Dynasty wealth contributes little to our country.  @potus
Sorry! U & all ur GOP Trump suckups have no credibility. Ur "benefit rich only" plan will die painful death like ur Trump No Care bill!
This is something that needed to be done for a long time
NO 4th tier added to tax reform
Yea just like repealing Obamacare care. Your words are hollow. You promise everything deliver nothing.
Seeing how you were in the Senate during Bush43, 2 tax cuts and the Great Recession later, why should we believe you now?
No ur tax reform is focused on how u & rest of 1% can get richer & rest of tax payers get poorer!
Don't forget all of us small business owners in the process
Then pass tax reform and then pass the repeal Obamacare bill. If you can’t then leave office.
Lmao!
"GIFT TAX" during Christmas that the gov takes 60% of is heart breaking 500.00 bonus is 250.00 #resist #TaxReform #msn #Indivisible
I call 
1/2 McConnell code translation
'Framework' - Cover tracks of lies
'Supporting American jobs' - Lge Corp tax breaks(that trickle thing-again)
2/2
'making taxes fairer' - Middle Class is gonna Pay
'growing families' paychecks' - that trickle thing - again, still...

#GOPlies

How about that trillion dollar debt you are creating????
Fairer always means rich people and corporations pay less.  You should be supporting higher minimum wages to help families.
Ditch Mitch...deflect on healthcare and failure on tax reform!
Well let's hope it works out better than your health care ideas for middle America.
SIT  SPIN
Fake News.
Im assuming it’s gonna go just like your health care push. Give up before u waste more time on nonsense policies that won’t pass Congress
Growing rich people families' paychecks?
Your not going to do anything!
BS, Mitch.  The framework is make the wealthy wealhtier
You forgot something. Massive tax cuts for your uber wealthy friends in the Koch network, esp @BetsyDeVosED
Rhetoric used in defense of the indefensible is evil. Your tax plan is a give away to the rich and a transfer of taxes from them to poor,
We'll see
You are a failure resign
Please work WITH our @POTUS  and PASS this bill for the American people. We're tired of the obstructionist! #TaxReform #TaxFairness
Remember the last time GOP did this?Remember the interest rates?Remember the deficit cost?GOP flushing Americans money down the gold shitter
Mitch is soooo stupid. You would think because of the distaste for him that he would stay off Twitter. Nobody likes him.
F Mitch the Dick. 7 years to get the ball across the goal line on Healthcare.
“Unified GOP”... that is a good one! Tell us another knee-slapper! #cantstoplaughing
But, you can't pass anything, noticed?
Wanna bet?
Tell the Koch brothers to take the 400 million they offered the @GOP and use that to create jobs.
and what will the upper class pay?zilch?
What unified GOP? I hope you can get through tax reform past I don't have a lot of confidence
@realDonaldTrump   mitch if you cant get this down you should retire
I'll believe it when I see it!

In June, Price took a Learjet 55 from DC to Nashville—a $17,760 roundtrip flight.

Commercial airline tix would have cost $102-$333/person. …

 keep on lyin' Mitch.

You can fool your sheep but not the rest of the .
Anybody else smell the bullshit coming from the turtle?
Unified if you ignore #Arizona, #Maine, and #Alaska. Call them trouble makers, but we all aren't billionaires.
Blah blah blah....your bloviation is nothing more than rhetoric. You are making republicans jump ship to become independents. Shame on you!
How much does the top 1 percent get and how much actually will the middle class really get.  Tell the  truth. If you still no how
Roy Mpore
No billionaire tax cut.
I'm a republican,  where is the unified GOP
Each party have their crooks, but  2017 has showed that GOP/Dotard has no credibility. Don't trust anything that come of their mouth!
Eliminating the inheritance tax will certainly help you and your fellow legislooters.
Seriously? Don't you mean it's a tax break for ppl making 500,000.00 or more? You republicans lie they your teeth. No one believes your crap
I believe when I see it  better not take away my deductions Im not a $$$$ like u and trump
You SHITBAGs in the #Congress have no idea of Tax Fairness!
Fairness would be 15% FOR ALL...
yup, even the welfareRATs!
Everyone pays!!
As both a tax payer and a health car purchaser I have no confidence in the senior senator in delivering what he promises
It's based on making the rich richer. Maybe you could stop lying for once. #americantraitor
You are a failure
30 million on your puppet, Luther. EPIC FAIL. YOU'RE NEXT.  MAGA.
But not healthcare
Also founded on elected officials serving their constituents instead of their egos, lobbyists & special interests. How's that working?
FACTS you and @GOP only looking out for wealthy, tell America the TRUTH! You lower rich taxes by 5%, raise low income taxes remove mortgage
No its not, stop lying Senator.
Clueless Mitch7 years to get a new health care plan, couldn't get it done, tax plan in several months, who are you kidding
Unified GOP? Hmmm... I think the draining swamp has you all turned around! 
Health care?You promised 3 times now..step down & let someone that can get something http://done.you  spent 30 million in AL you lose
Nope. the rich get richer. Any body else feeling left behind? @GOP @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @CNN @FoxNews
Tell us about your Russian connections?  How much did they donate to your Senate Race?  Be honest for a change.

