Unless we do something about that, even more Americans are going to get hurt.
That's why we want Trumpcare to not pass.
Y'all just need to repeal it. Your had years to take care of it and all you peps have done is make yourselves rich using our money so stop
Because you sabotaged it and sacrificed the American people for the GrayOldParty
You are fueling up the boosters #wearenotdumb #6thdistrict
hurtling, meltdown -- tired,  transparent fear tactics. let's talk facts,  instead of manipulating emotions.
So why are you trying to prop it up? #FullRepeal
You are so headstrong and wrong. You, personally are condemning millions to death and suffering. If you believe in god, he'll is ahead.
Only because of you! Don't believe this b.s. it's a smoke screen to pass the worst law ever perpetrated against the American people
Fix it. You've had 7 years. Offer a Public Option & legislate cost controls 2 pharma, ins ind & hospitals. Keep mandates. Do your GD job.
Let's forego vacation so you can get those millions of people off their health care as soon as possible.
Just get rid of obamacare and get out of the business of healthcare.
Get up off your ____ and get new legalization fixing it! Do something!
As you said do nothing you are doing nothing to home! You had 7 years and you sat on your ass and did nothing
Or is it?
Total lies and 65% of American people see that, I sure hope you lose in 2018, and 2020... heartless is what your party is.. and we see it
Thanks to you for orchestrating its downfall. Millions of Americans can now thank their government for deserting them. Shame on you!
Your plan will leave millions uninsured. You are despicable. Truly. I don't know how you can sleep at night. I know I can't.
Pass a bill then! Do ur job!
McConnell = Laziest senator ever. Are you really this incompetent?  You got no "replace", therefore you got no repeal. One word: Tweak
If you can't get this right you need to retire. Take Ryan, McCain and Graham with you. Your all worthless.
Because of you in the insurance corporations
No it hasn't.  Your sabotaging it.
Why does GOP despise Americans so much? Why are you content to let citizens die? Or is this just to fund tax cuts for the rich as proposed?
I find it sad that you don't get tired of hearing the absolute shite that you spew.  

Either that or you're a lying sack.
It's is actually doing very well in your state, Kentucky, you call it Connect, yes?
Says you (with zero prof). Wanna try another lame talking point? Lol
Completely repeal Obamacare and do it now!
You mean, even with a GOP president and legislature, we STILL don't have a better option than the one that's falling apart?
Blame yourselves for that. How about working as a team like citizens elected you to do. The only way is for both sides to work together.
Are you sure it isn't you whose melting down because you deathcare bill is horrible and no one wants it??
Do not pass Obama Light!
How's the reconciliation process going? The big six seem to be good at vacation but not legislation. Party on Garth!
Liar!
Yes, you've been sabotaging it for years, 8 I believe...and now you're trying to ram a bullshit bill down our throats, millions will suffer!
Stop lying and resign already
Senator I thought u from esteem class; too gentile to be a liar! But u r gangster like @realDonaldTrump !
Thanks for singlehandedly chipping away at it over the past 7 years. Truth hurts Mitch.
Full repeal.

Do not replace...you know better.
No wonder there is no work getting done on fixing it all you do is talk, talk ! Give us a bill that is bipartisan
Bipartisan that's laughable. The Democrats are history in their philosophy of government is a total disaster
Caused by you and Trump.
I don't know if you or @realDonaldTrump thinks the American people are dumber. Give it up. We're onto you. Lies!
Rubbish; Greedy #GOP politicians cannot stand that hard working Americans are getting good healthcare

McConnell's goal was to prevent Obama from succeeding. Now he wants to prevent the ACA from working. Never wants what's best for the country
News alert it never worked! A disaster from the beginning
Bullshit McConnell
Congress' illegal exemption must end @TomFitton @realDonaldTrump h/t @afbranco
Obamacare. $500/mo.   Propaganda Gold. Priceless.
Liar
More political scare tactics. Obamacare is not that bad, Just Improve it.Put pressure on the INSURANCE companies!
And now you want to kill the ACA and give the super rich a giant payday and poor and old Americans a death sentence. Ly
ACH will KILL older Americans by use of Death panels.
Think you mean #gopcare and #Trumpcare death panels. 22 million lose insurance.
Liar. You've been driving it toward collapse!
Your killing it and killing millions to defend your own treason shame in you
Bc of repubs pulling out financial support.  Jail. Jail. Jail.
Fix it...don't take healthcare away from 20 mil ppl! Its not that hard as Donald says. Heathcare is easy.
I look forward to the day when RINO's (Republicans-in-name-only) like you are as extinct as the Do-Do bird,
Then work with Dems to fix ACA.  Put Americans 1st over party ideology.
Work with Democrats? When do they work with Republicans? Only when they've lost
Who is Leader of the Senate and has the power to prevent millions from losing healthcare because of insurance market uncertainty? Hmmmmmmmm!
Well let's get something done instead of talking about it all the time repeal and replace.
Then repeal it! Like you campaigned on! Then start over to include capitalistic principles!!
Because the republicans are trying to sabotage it. Disgraceful.
How much money will your and @realDonaldTrump make off of #TrumpCare?
