Canada does not vet their refugees. They have an open border a la Europe.
That's a lie.
They are very lax with immigration. They'll take anybody and everybody.
or was that @joetrudeau
The fact that you have to assure us about our relationship with Canada... speaks volumes... Hillary would not have had to.
Could you please give @SenateMajLdr a math lesson? He thinks 42% voting for Trump is a mandate.
39% of the vote gave Trudope the most ridings accross the country the country has spoken hes PM
It might if you don't investigate the Russian shenanigans. PM Trudeau is too smart to not notice that.

Great. Did you tell him that you also support Putin controlling the President? Or did you forget to say that?
How about better relationship with we the people rid us of OBAMA CARE LOWER TAXES BUILD THE WALL
can we have medical coverage like Canada, pretty please?
I hope he realizes the REALAmericans are not like you, ryan,trump,pence, we care about our people wish you did
yeah he and you probably should get together on Socialist health care and why I don't work
I'd rather send my #suculent to that meeting over you. Trust it more. Sorry @JustinTrudeau you had to be there
no one has confidence in your confidence. #jellyfish
@gmbutts @JustinTrudeau it will because of a Lib system that tilts towards the largest & powerful special interest groups
Im from the UK the standing of Trump and your party is at rock bottom 
The hatred from this man is shocking
@McConnellPress @JustinTrudeau  Or as Spicy called him, "Joe". Another incompetent Trumper.
I wish @JustinTrudeau was our President! #ImpeachTrump
And NOT being cozy with our enemies
Save us, Justin!!!! Sincerely, sane people in the U.S. fighting fascism.
Note the look of contempt on his face.  That's for you, HYPOCRITE.
The PM is stronger, more moral, and more intelligent than all of "elected" GOP combined.
Now get to work on our neighbors to the south.
but what about to the South
Better check with Russians 1st, Mitch. They drive foreign policy since you abdicated your responsibilities.
I wonder what PM @JustinTrudeau thinks of treasonous GOP members' collusion w/Russia? I'm confident investigation WON'T FADE!!
imagine if radical obstructive democrats for last 8 years especially, shared importance of working together
Love classy CAN prime minister but w/all due respect, who cares?!? DO YOUR JOB! INVESTIGATE FLYNN TREASON!!
Merrick Garland
I'm sure he was thinking "this guy looks and smells like a turd"
@McConnellPress @JustinTrudeau im sure you will fade in November 2018.
how did you feel after you spoke to POTUS?!
Just to be clear senator, our PM is a total vacant headed nit wit failing at all else in life.
Pretending like you know what is vital for the USA. Good one.
don't let Trump talk to him or decide anything in regards to Canada.
Trump White House was briefed by Sally Yates last month regarding Flynn.@jasoninthehouse needs to do his Job !
I'm confident Russia has its grip on the White House. It might be nice if you acted like you cared, Mr. Leader.
Did your intern write this tweet?
@gmbutts @JustinTrudeau you better worry about my country somebody better this clown is a Soros puppet. We need help
Would have been a better relationship with Canada than with Russia Republicans #Indivisible #resist
you know that we think very little of you as a man and as a political leader. You're repulsive, selfish and obnoxious
Justin knows that you are not representing anyone but your self-serving self. I mean,  look at his face.
He didn't leave after he heard your bull? Wow... Trudeau really IS an incredible man!
I'm sure it will. Your POTUS will mess it up in no time. Trudeau knows this.
deflect deflect deflect! Investigate Flynn now
is it also important to maintain strong relation w neighbor to south? Or not so much? @JustinTrudeau
your not fit to run anything
yeah and you need to have a big O STROKE
it's a good photo of you Senator, your face is out of focus.
how about our neighbors to the south?
McConnell too much about the GOP & power to say or do anything against DJT. Scared of his own closet skeletons.
Sure it won't, b/c Trudeau is possibly the most vacuous pushover to ever lead a national party/govt.
Did you apologize for trump? Or, actually, for yourself?
it will, he hates your guts, just like the rest of America.
Please forgive the fact that we do not have confidence in anything you do Mitch.
most Canadians despise trump and the whole administration. It's sad to see what's become of America
@JimONeilPOV @JustinTrudeau Furthermore, you have been avoiding the truth for far too long, and should retire soon.
@nola24073693 @JustinTrudeau also important is getting the traitors  out of the WH ! There are several putin lovers!
@JimONeilPOV @JustinTrudeau well with all the stuff Russia did, to not investigate, is an insult to the people of Canada too!
because he knows your time in office is getting shorter
Aside from the fact Trudeau is an leftist imbicile. Even Americans don't like him.
he's probably disgusted by the GOP here I hope you realize that
great you just bored Canada to death. Who let you out of bed?
turtle 
don't be so sure. @potus @stephenbannon IS doing his best to bring down America and turn it into dictatorship
So you're not going to "build a wall," McConMan???  You GOP zealots are not to be trusted.
Trump did not seem to know whom the Northern Border country is as his response wasl about deporting Mexicans
And I'm confident he thinks you look like a turtle and are a huge liar! @JustinTrudeau
.@SenateMajLdr @JustinTrudeau Stop the seal hunts!
is it just me or is that a "are u fuckin kidding me" look on Trudeau's face?
The relationship would be even better if you would fade into your Swamp.
Just DO YOUR JOB + Make SURE TRUMP gets mental health eval + FIRES Flynn.. + BANNON.
Too bad you didn't extend the same courtesy to our brown skinned neighbor down South.  Hypocrite.
yeah, but not to our south right? Shame!
@POTUS  Yes its is nice that Canada stepped up for immigration where US use to lead.  #TrumpUnfit
It must have been so hard to force that smile all day!
@AlbionsSeed @JustinTrudeau He's a pussy and Canada will be going down
PM  Trudeau's face as he looks at McConnell says it all. Looks like he's thinking "what a douche bag"
"No, I don't believe you really just pulled your thumb off."
"Mr McConnell, do you chat online as NAMBLArep6969?"
it's like Dorian Gray staring at his painting.
that man has a lovely chin.
You will be complicit, and it will be ugly! Hope it's worth it to you.
How about u do ur job and uphold the constitution? Natl security, conflict of interest.
Do your job!
He is much smarter than you, you #hypocrite.
how about sitting down and talking about the recklessness of Trump like you all did about Clinton.
hopefully you wont be re-elected.
your days are numbered.
mconnell you don't like your darn self!! Pigeon face liar! but Justin sure is cute
Based on the picture, he doesn't think you're very smart. 
that's nice now please investigate Flynn and dt ties to Putin.
Can't wait to see if trump has the same feeling when he tries to trash NAFTA. Canada will be impacted too.
even he can look at you and see you are full of 
I bet he puked his guts out,after talking to u! #slimybastard#traitor
Glad to see friendly terms. Hope to see fruitful results for everyone.
Mr. MCconnell he was here for a visit on women in business and how he supports it. Not keeping them quiet, duh!
just  remember  he  is  a  Muslim  sympathizer
After Trump's involvement today, we have to wait and see.
I love it !!!
did you discuss the Somali refugees fleeing the US via the northern plains into Manitoba? Shame. #resist
Did ya gleefully tell him how you ordered a female senator to sit down and shut up?
Exactly my thought. The Canadian PM must be thinking how backwards this old guy is and cringing.
yea, we don't really care what you think about Canada. Get our justice confirmed! Act like it's your job!!!
He sees through your lies and obstructiiveness.
He listens.
He is respectful.
Unlike U.
@TheResistance
#resist
Canada, please do not believe anything these liars say. Trump WILL put Canadians in danger.
Trump enabler. Liar. Hypocrite.
Sorry, PM. Your name shouldn't even be mentioned by these sick hypocrites.
Will you build a wall to keep out the drugs and rspists from Canada? And will they pay for it?
Hey, why does #FireFlynn still have a job ?
What's up with #MarALago ?
What does Trump have on you, sir?
Of course not, since he is the real leadership in this hemisphere after the Republicans abdicated that role.
The GOPs not speaking out against Flynn &  Miller shows you all approve.
Yes, fortunately, Canada still knows how to elect a sensible leader or two. Unlike their neighbors.
MItch McConnell, you're the embodiment of everything that is wrong with this country.  No shame.
Don't work with him,  PM Trudeau.  He is the Devil incarnate.  He would not allow Senator Warren to speak!
@McConnellPress @JustinTrudeau hope you didn't tell him about your obsession with shitty COAL ENERGY
Mr Trudeau is a man of dignity & compassion! We had same but no more! We envy & love our friends in Canada!
Right after we impeach Trump, you are out the door too. No integrity what so ever. We persist!
Hey, maybe YOU should start focusing on the opioid problem in your state! NOTHING about you says "leader."
There were about 300 people in front of my house and they all read THE letter to me.  You should have seen them.
Did he ask why you are enabling treason by hiding in your shell instead of calling for Flynn to be fired?
hope it won't fade. USA and Canada are meant to be partners
How about if you work on establishing a strong relationship with us, the American people - YOUR EMPLOYERS!
When will the Senate begin impeachment proceedings?
did u ask him why he appointed a Foreign Minister who is banned by Moscow
no but ur memory will #Rekt #Alzheimer's #usuckncconnell
must be nice to have a leader who isn't an embarrassment to his nation! Oh Canada..........
relationship is our goal but we have to put the best interests of America first! Always!
with you around McConnell, it will fade like your hairline. #shepersisted
but what about that non-walled Canadian/US border and all the refugees Canada takes in? SAVE US!
Don't you mean all those crossing border who were arrested? And now must go through severe vetting
PM is dignified, unlike embarrassment @realDonaldTrump.
Look at how hes looking at you..he isnt buying what you're selling.
Quit pretending the #SoCalledPresident isn't harming our country. Step up for what's right or step aside.
You wanna know how you can make it even stronger? Impeach Trump and remove him from office. Good for USA, too. @JustinTrudeau
Must be Republican speak for, don't worry about our unpredictable president Mr. Trudeau we've got your back.
I'd watch closely. You have @realDonaldTrump who is an idiot & things will fall apart quickly.
Mr. McConnell you are talking to a leader with class - new experience for you!!
excep @realDonaldTrump will destroy it!
chuckling up the Keystone deal? Mitch is the scum of the earth. Look at his finances since he was in office.
Trudeau knows you are a traitor to our great nation!
@McConnellPress @JustinTrudeau Was that to repair any damage President Bannon and Realty TV president did?  Damage Control!
yrs because they are white. You don't want relationship with Mexicans.  Racist is what you all are.
Character ethics, @SenateMajLdr 
Good strong character ethics & a  moral compass are traits lacking in disgusting @JustinTrudeau
@McConnellPress @JustinTrudeau right.. $$$$
if we want strong relations with any foreign allies  we're going to have to get rid of the GOP
We're lucky Trudeau is above your petty bullshit
More importantly:Will @HouseGOP @SenateGOP expel Nazis Bannon & Gorka from WH & recognize Gen Flynn as traitor?
Moose are taking our jobs! Build a wall keep the moose out
We need more productivity out of the Senate Mitch! Lower taxes, reduce gov't, eliminate ACA!
But not with our neighbors to the south because they have no Oil .
So why didn't Donny mention the slaughter of Muslims in Canada?
doesn't fit the narrative, how can he scare you into giving up your rights if you're safe
