You don't have a clue, Droopy Dawg. You only want to deprive the poor of their health care insurance. Republicans want to destroy, not fix.
YOU ARE LYING THROUGH YOUR TEETH.
Yeah like kicking 23 million of their healthcare!
Well why don;'t you? You don't care if millions die with out Obama care. Legal premeditated legal murder.

We need universal healthcare! It shouldn't be a privilege!
What you are doing is MUCH worse. You are only hurting average Americans so the 1% can get a tax cut. SHAME ON YOU.
How about showing us the plan and letting democrats participate in the process
If you're making healthcare better for us, why can't you share the details or have an open conversation about it? Signed, a KY constituent
#ShowUsTheBill
We need single payer #MedicareForAll. Why have taxes pay for senator's health insurance but not our own? Why arms&drones but not med care?
You will regret destroying lives in hell, Mitch  McConnell.
Then work to make it better. Don't strip us for the benefit of the rich. ACA too expensive? Work to lower it. Are you too lazy to work a bit
Pass a bill and stop talking about obvious failure of Obama Care!
ALL you care about is destroying anything President Obama created.  

You are the basest form of protoplasm.
So tell me how @GOP plans to make InsCos pay for healthcare,lower deductibles,&make it affordable?Tax cuts for rich won't do that
You are a travesty at best.  Stop hiding from the American people and giving yourself tax breaks.
Then show us the plan!  How are you protecting seniors from paying out the ass? How are you protecting pre-existing cond?  Show the plan!
Watch F&F diner interview with DR. named Jeanie. Even HSPlans better for middle class. Now Poor get care, but not working class. Persist.
Shame on you!  Show us the bill!! You work for all of us and we deserve to see what you are working on!  Hypocrite.
#corruption #greed
We demand to know what's in the Republican health care plan!
Fix ACA,get insurance carriers onboard.Do not scrap,or you "will" have blood on GOP HANDS
You are going to ruin the GOP. There are rules in politics, what gives you the right to make decisions behind doors.
NO NEW LAWS UNTIL AMERICA IS CERTAIN RUSSIANS DON'T BENEFIT
Saving lives means nothing to you as long as your pockets are well lined. Shame!
Do not find the insurance companies or those deadbeats who can work but will not.
ACA would be doing much better if you and the rest of your @GOP buddies were not actively sabotaging it! Expand Medicaid! Pretend 2 care!
You are ridiculous.
Please listen to all Americans abt healthcare.  It's embarrassing to explain to my kids how this still counts as democracy.
LOL Democratic Obstructionists?Really?Where have you been the last 8 years when that was the @GOP's middle name? Trump & co can't get  done
We can do better -- enact a single payer plan!
Obamacare isn't failing-the market is destabilized by Trump's threats of non-payment and the uncertainly of what Stealthcare (AHCA)proposes.
Show the bill.  Let Democratic senators see it. What r u hiding?Why is there a big tax cut for the rich in this bill? U need to go.
Undemocratic sad #healthcare4all
don't waste our time.  you have no interest in what people without your excellent healthcare have to deal with.
We who? Do what? "Obamacare" is the ACA. "Obama care status quo" is a nonsense phrase.  WHAT are YOU, MCCONNELL, doing? Why the big secret?
17 percent approval of AHCA is not  majority You do not have the consent of the people. Here is your evidence. This Government is not yours
So far, you haven't done squat.
How can we do anything when McConnell & @SpeakerRyan are MIA?! Voters are fed up with do nothing Politicians
You whined how the Dems did it now do even worse. You are a hypocrite of the worst kind. Bought and paid for
"Downward trajectory"? Like secret meetings to create health insurance legislation that will deny healthcare to millions?
Like China, Saudi Arabia, Russia, Egypt, Turkey, United Arab Emerates... once Cuba pays up trump will lift ban. China military in Pakistan?
LIAR!!!!!!!!!
We need you to work it out. You are great and have experience we are trusting you. Praying for hard hearts to soften. God be with you.
You're kinda awful at being Leader of the Senate, Mitch, truth be told.
How good can GOP health plan be if no women input and exempt themselves from its requirements. As a republican I am sick of GOP divisiveness
AARP disagree with you!!!!!
Stop sabotaging it! Why the secret meetings? What happened to transparency?
please do not take a summer break until you get this passed along with tax cuts. Support POTUS publicly. Get behind him and fight with him.
we must do better than you #OBSTRUCTIONIST #LYING #GOPSCUM in the #Senate! go bury your head in a coalmine!
And you never worked with democrats to IMPROVE the bill then law because....

You lie.
How about donating all your russian money and insurance money back to program? Wait! OOPS I thought you meant better 4 us not you.
You just care about your pocketbook
Seriously the GOP has only thwarted Heathcare for decades! Obama tried to act and GOP thwarted that as well, another decade lost. Thnx GOP!
Don't like ACA, but happened because no one else addressed the issues. Don't give up.
