@WhiteHouse @POTUS 

WONDERFUL news.

Proud of you.

Our sovereignty fully explained and supported once again.
AMERICA is a sovereign nation once again.

EUROPE stopped dictating our lives in 1776.

Get a clue.
We have to work with others to do our part to take care of Earth. You are acting like the one crackhouse on the block that everyone hates.
@senorrinhatch @WhiteHouse 

EUROPE stopped dictating our lives in 1776.
Are you sure that wasn't the last time you've picked up a history or economics book?  Isolationism is a sure-fire way to kill the economy.
Sovereign nations engage in trade not welfare reform.
It's becoming evident that Ann Marie has no grasp on what the Paris Climate Agreement even does.
Redistribution of Wealth.
Totally uncool.  I tithe.
Too bad you are committed to being a giant power-hungry demagogue douche bag.
This just adds to his general non-awesomeness.
General non awesomeness? What was the previous lib comment about BS? When faced w/having to respond w/a logical answer absent facts, libs=BS

We love how obsessed y'all are with Obama.
You mean "Depressed"...he intentionally messed up our great country, and looks like he messed up his own criminal record...charges coming.
He didn't mess up our country and he has no criminal record. Charges like Trump charged Hillary?  The GOP is nothing but nonstop bs.
With all due respect do you read or listen to even Left media? Obama is under investigation for his law breaking surveillance of US citizens
By who? That's laughable. Trying to distract from your treasonous President who is selling us out to Russia?
Let's not worry about a clean environment for the future.  You will be gone. What are you leaving future generations? You don't care
You did away with a lot of Obama's regulations.My grandchildren would love to have clean air and water in the future. NO chance of that
Actually this could stall or actually hurt middle-class families!
LIAR
I noticed you mentioned middle class families. What about the poor families? Fuck Trump! Fuck Reps! None of you give a crap about the poor!
This puts us in the backseat to China and is good for Russia. #whatwouldputindo
What are you going to say about Sessions lying again? What are you going to say about Trump lying about his people and the Russians? Notta!!
Globalization = A policy where Government makes everyone equally poor and dependent on Government except the elites who make the rules
Well stated! As u are aware, you won't get positive feedback from the Socialists in this Country who advocate 4NWO n want 2b led by the nose
What have conservatives ever done? The confederacy?
PERFECT! We R NOT 'sheared' 4another prog. All who R against @POTUS action R benefiting from terrible agreement. We taxpayers R abused by it
Said the man who took $1,542,084 from oil / gas / coal.  ONLY protect you!  Shame on YOU.
@WayneJ28791698 @POTUS Will you get behind him on terrorism, Senator?
Turtles are amphibious. You will survive.
What will be said as you try to enter heaven? Do you think you can ly to him? You have lied to the American  people about everything. So sad
Mconnell, do your fu---in job, and stop being an obstruction to the president
Darling your president is going to kill the planet. Your grandchildren will die with ours.
Tell me, Darling, did you think you & your grandchildren were going 2 live forever? Quit spreading fear.
Wow...think of all the future jobs for emergency response and rescue and rebuilding and hospital trauma care etc...
I thought Obamacare was failing on its own, where is ur answer.......Coal is in your state, why don't they have jobs?.mother nature is mad..
I wish you would put all your donors on your clothes so we could easily see who owns you.
There is no #waroncoal. It is the fact that coal is a high pollutant which damages our children's future. But you don't give a damn about it
Traitors.
You are a dinosaur. Clean energy has created 1/2 million jobs! Bring clean energy to Kentucky. Save constituent's Lungs!!!
I can't wait til Bannon goes after you in your election.  Maybe the people of KY will see how you have neglected our state. Drain the swamp
Are you seriously that uneducated? YOU, the entire @GOP and the @POTUS are destroying our country, our constitution AND THE PLANET.

Your statement is nauseating. It's WRONG! Trump is killing us and our planet. He set us backwards. What do you care, you're old & will die.
Please. Just RETIRE!
America's middle class would be better served by investment in renewable energy instead of coal. The govt shouldn't prop up dying industries
We need some entrepreneurs in coal country, because they need new industries. Help in setting up new industries.
Would be a smart way for US to invest in real job creation,  instead of the fake talking points they indulge in.
You guys need to be commited to conformation and policy progress. I am very disappointed in both houses. Your not earning your paycheck
Trump did what was best for the Nation, period. You're boasting of a blow against Obama is the reason you are painfully ineffective.
After all I have READ about the PARIS ACCORD (leaving climate change out of the immediate discussion)... IT, IN A WORD, SUCKED!
I'm sure that your extensive reading trumps climate scientists, scholars, and all but one other country in the world.  Good job!
Coal is dead, McConnell, buy you already know that......
You are really a fool to believe such propaganda.  The war is on the middle class, our health and environment while aristocrats "party on."
no "war on coal" just like there was no war on buggies when cars were invented. No war on lamp oil when electricity was invented. Duh
I wish you were
@POTUS is committed to protecting his interests & those of polluters; the #waroncoal is a phony war; coal is dying & we won't let it kill us
There is no war on coal.
Pass @POTUS full agenda,GOP is holding up the process & will pay dearly in 2018, seems u & @SpeakerRyan worked harder to pass O's agenda!!!
are you both so racist that anything #Obama did you have to undo for spite   pathetic. Old men destroying earth classy!
War on coal? How about your war on reality geezer? Nobody believes you except those you reach via fake news.
How did you let this happen in the first place?
What the fuck is a #waroncoal ? Are we to have a #waronvhstapes next? Or maybe a #waronouthouses ? Jezus fucking christ, get a goddamn clue!
If u resign really soon, you might be able to keep govt pension. Still going to prison, but pension might help grandkids

Pittsburgh turned to clean energy & international relationship & is thriving. Much better than Kentucky ! You are old & stale. New ideas!
Paris agrmt us not a job killer. The good thing is the world wants to leave the US in their dust, & that will benefit the planet.
China will take global trade lead with Trump & the new Republicans putting the US on the sidelines with coal. Coal is dead. Wake up!
No legislation on Jobs! Infrastructure! Just bills to pollute our streams, reject fiduciary standard .... no real help for 98%. Go China
Bullshit! Do your job! Get the positions in the administration filled! We are crippled in the event of an attack. Country over party!
I remember when there was a middle class.
COAL is a dying industry. #ParisAccord is about the future of our planet.
When the American people learn what you've actually done, you will not be treated kindly.  Shame.
Coal is the past. Lead the world new technologies which work WITH the environment and you will create more jobs than you can imagine
I wish Liars pants Really did catch on fire so I could watch you both burn!
51! Suspend Filibuster, fix it, then incorporate it as part of the Constitution.
You sold out your country for power. You don't even seem to KNOW you're a Russian puppet because you're too happy with power. #Treason
You need to stop with the Obama blaming. Just do your job
I don't see any coal miner's working again?! More fertilizer for your failing crop of followers!
Muppet McConnell is the most disgusting of them all.  He is truly evil.
But you aren't.
McConnell is a poster child for term limits.
At least you can be honest Mitch, it had nothing to do with middle-class. It is about you got $1,542,084 from oil, gas & coal industry
so-called "#waroncoal" been going strong for 100 years, you mendacious testudinoid. how's your familial corruption going?
You are old and wrong and out of step with the future of our country and planet.
While we at it -- why don't you bring back whaling as a major source of fuel. Coal is DEAD -- look at the future with clean renewables !!!!!
How much money are you making from investments in coal and oil? Hopefully soon you lose. No one wants coal or oil anymore!! Times change
Really? This statement does not square with the rest of the world. Without the , we got nothing. No support to the middle class.
Focus on tax reform/cut.
I'm sure your stance has nothing to do with these donations...#ParisAgreement
Oil & gas: $1,180,384
Coal: $361,700
Total: $1,542,084
Spoken like a true dinosaur stuck in the Jurassic age
This is the most short sighted clearly unintelligent thought by @SenateMajLdr. Do ur research b4 u open ur mouth this will hurt middle class
@SenateMajLdr you r screwed! We know about the Russian money. You can't hide from the our Intel agencies.
Obstructionist Seditionist Traitor
You are nothing more McConnell
hating the poor of this country will send you to hell
i can see it from your face you will be gravely sick soon stop doing sing things get close to god
Trump has shown true leadership by outing the Climate Change Accord as a complete fraud.
Other world leaders are upset - cuz they won't. B E getting 100s of millions from US through bs UN and weak EU.
@SenateMajLdr U need to get onboard w/ @realDonaldTrump plan & beat feet to get shit done. Don't even dare think about taking august recess!
You are wrong on climate change denial. Wake up!
160,000 jobs in coal vs 800,000 in green energy & growing!  38% approval rating should get you to stop drinking the Trump cool aide!

How could you be so short-sighted? How could you be so indifferent to the millions of people you put at risk? You embarrass us all.
Just as the founding fathers dreamed, party over country. Anyone who supports the orange turd is on the wrong side of history. #fail
Liars
Liars
Liars
Are you squirming due to butt itch or because Mueller is closing in on you?
get taxreform and healthcare done...You owe it to the AMerican people who gave you your job....
U are full of it

@POTUS is doing what You and the other career politicians wouldn't do. It's about time U give him credit. WTP expect U all 2 back him.

The true way to put America FIRST is lead the way on renewable energy, not drag us back to 1917 relying on fossil fuels. Jobs will run out!
U love #coal so much, then u take ur happy asses down to coal mines, go deep down inside, wear a flashlight hat, mine some coal. GO.
I am FORMER Conservative & believe Republicans shouldn't deny science/climate change. Your party will NOT be re-elected for VERY long time!
THERE ARE NO MANDATES IN THE #ParisAccord.
More Americans work at Arby's than in coal mines. Help miners transition to new jobs by funding their training, education, healthcare.
Let's get moving on healthcare! Do something
You should rally the Republicans and get infront of the press and support President Trump.  RINO
You are back to the War on ooal crap?  OK, then where are the coal jobs?  When are the mines going to reopen?
About time you jumped in the game. .. #smh
I truly believe you people are stalling on repeal and replace!! you want single payer as well!! I have Oliarcare and can't afford it!!
Americans Love what @POTUS did on #ParisAgreement!! but whats are you people waiting for on REPEAL & REPLACE!! Ca is going single payer!!
Please help @realDonaldTrump pass his bills to help mid American people with health care and jobs
THE WAR ON COAL IS NOT A THING. There are no coal jobs without a . Wake up.
You're FOS.
Any chance you & your fellow Senators could do more to support our President instead of acting as an impediment. We The People are watching.
I support all of Trumps undoing of Obama's self interest deals that should have been approved be Congress.
When you finally go, be secure in the knowledge that you stole more from Kentuckians than any public official before. #CORRUPT
Coal is dead Mitch. Work on retraining coal miners. They deserve better than you.
Coal is dead
Then put that coal fired plant in your backyard. I've got 2 already & an old nuclear plant. NIMBY only works for the wealthy.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME??  YOU HATE PEOPLE, and you hate anything with Obama's name on it, to the point to being willing to kill us and EARTH!
Coal is a dead industry, old man. You need to resign.
Is there anything less free-market than u lying about & pretending ure bringing coal back? Is there anything more against basic GOP tenets?
There will be no return to coal.  You can't turn back the clock.  Clean energy industry employs more people than coal ever will.
Stop lying to your people
by poisoning us with your 0.1% friends additional revenue? Do you think about what you gush or just parrot something Ivanka wrote for ya?
& consigned our grandkids to a future of dirty air & water! you must be so proud of ruining our earth for generations to come! #LIARS
It's all about Obama, not the people, just your obsession with America's first Black President.
You should live just long enough to watch your own children drown in the rising floodwaters you hope to doom MY children to..f-ing hypocrite
"Leader" McConnell....really....not Mitch but Leader....I have a another suggestion....how about "Later" McConnell...as voted out
War on coal is smokescreen.  3 coal plants closed because OBSOLETE like GOP
Your war on solar/renewable Energy alone says yer a fraud. 
But America says piss of we will go forward without the agreement!
Crook McConnell. Your grandchildren WILL suffer from your decissionS....
#JustLead and #MAGA we need every R to back the @POTUS and not hode behind the cloak of the R yet undermind the American people like the Ds
The #UKPrimeminister at a debate just said that @POTUS is wrong...but allies be damned...America just lost...
#MOPGA--something  you seem not 2 understand--.if U know how 2 read..at least a staffer give u a brief overview:
I feel sorry for you, Mr. McConnell. You are on the wrong side of history. You lead a small cult, not a great nation.
That kind of language is a big problem. Obama was president, not a foreign enemy. You don't have to "deliver blows."
You, should be leading the good against the evil (Trump)! But, you are even more evil!#ParisAccord
Anything to damage the black guys legacy, huh, turtle-boy? Go back to the swamp.
Majority leader where have you been? Why haven't you & Paul Ryan gotten the president's cabinet appvd and his agenda passed? We will rem.
Love our president
There is no war on coal. There is(was) a revolution on alternative energy, you fossil!
Time for the rest of congress, & all gov to follow @realDonaldTrump lead and put #AmericaFirst
Another of Trump's puppets. You have joined the Bannonites.
Your are a traitor to this country because your bought and paid for!
There is no doubt that you are being sarcastic! Because absolutely no one but you believes that!
How we could be self sufficient off of oil. Exxon wouldn't want that.
You don't care about the middle class you care about your pocketbook. You don't want to talk about how much money Green energy would save us
get rid of the filibuster rule....it's killing progress and the American people know its all bs...wasting time & money.
This how Senator Mitch McConnell (R-Kentucky) was paid by Exxon : $1,975,24. No wonder he doesn't care about climate. He's paid to not care
This is the biggest Lick-bottom, blocker in-chief and two-tongued hypocrite in the history of congress..
Or, he's dedicated to dealing a significant blow to their children by refusing to think long term/about the future planet they will inherit!
What cost will families bear for the continued acceleration of climate change? No more #WarOnScience
GFY
You are just as deplorable as I remembered you were.

Leaders lead, they don't wait to see if its popular. YOU NEED TO BE FIRST OUT SUPPORTING AND DEFENDING THE PRESIDENT OF YOUR PARTY or leave!
