there is something wrong with you, seek counseling.
Why doesn't Mexico take responsibility for there own country running away?
Build that Wall Baby
I support the dreams of the 800,000 people of DACA. We need to pass the #DreamAct so they have a clear path to citizenship! @mollymcatlady
ALL FKG LIES UNTIL U BUILD @POTUS WALL LK MCCAIN/FLAKE PROMISD YRS BK!WHR IS CUTs:PP,PBS,$2HAMAS&PALESTIN,CUT ILEGAL$,DEPROT ILLEG PRISONRS!
Sorry to hear that you went along with it. Peoples lives are at stake. Good people. Not criminals.
Illegal
Talking heads be talking and turtle head be turtling.
Lawlessness and illegal immigration has consequences.
Pass the Dream Act or we don't want you to represent us!
U did nothing but intentionally block him, then blamed him for nothing getting done. Now he is gone..& u STILL blame him.  Look in a mirror!
McConnell- you are a RINO....Get Out!
#kochbrothers  Will Push #Congress To Protect #DREAMers
Not PUSH, They will PAY #POLITICIANS big $$$$ to protect them
You the senate, congress & America knows this a falsehood Fact it does not work reason politics ego republicans &
democrats
Stop dividing families. Can you be a human being for once and make the correct choices. We are all immigrants at one point
Obama did what you wouldn't Mitch. You had 4 years to pass legislation and couldn't get Ryan on board. What's different now?
Fuck daca, try fighting for our American KIDS free stuff, after all it is OUR TAX DOLLARS,  NO DACA, STOP ROBBING THE AMERICAN TAXPAYERS!!!!
Pass the act or get voted out! #ProtectDREAMers @HouseGOP
Obama had no choice because you put party ahead of country and refused to send him an immigration bill bc you didn't want him to get credit.
Obama had the house and Senate for 2 years he didn't want to do it. Just wanted it to look like he gave a crap
Ok, then pass a Dreamer Act that addresses the situation of Dreamers without unrelated riders.  Stop holding hostages.  Show some integrity.
And this, sadly, is what McConnell considers a commitment 
The Congress will continue to work on immigration is a joke. They failed on AHA, & tax reform will take a miracle. Vote out swamp 2018.
Executive orders are meant to be overturned so why did@t Obama do it when he had both the congress and senate..HE DIDNT WANT TO.
Steal any Supreme Court seats lately?
Act NOW to protect recipients of #DACA & ensure immigrant youth can live & work in the United States without fear! Cowardly cruel move @GOP
Then pass the law! You (congress) write the laws!  Do something you putz!
I want to move to Kentucky just so I can have a chance at booting your a$$ out of DC
DACA was unconstitutional, Obama acknowledged Only Congress can pass/write laws. TRUMP was right to end it. Congress s/act on reform.
Your action only affect the colors. Will white illegals be deported or have you forgotten immigrates can be white too...
Your statement on everything is to be heartless, ignorant, and harmful. #bloodonyourhands #helltopay
@POTUS must VETO IF 
 (R) don't include Wall fundingdon't U dare pass amnesty for #DACA aka future (D) Voters without Everify & Raise Act
You need to speak out in favor of a legislative solution that includes a pathway for #Dreamers!
There not dreamers
Your constituents are clueless & wouldn't know moral governing if they spent 8 years studying it, which is why they keep putting U in office
U didn't get #Repeal done, nothing on tax reform, no deficit reduction, but now plan to drop everything to work on #DACA...  #AmericansLast
Ass wipe McConnell pandering to the President in hope he will return to Trump's good graces! We need real statesmen, now! You are not one!
If that were true there would not have been a Dreamer executive order.
Attach funding for the border wall to any DACA bill! Make the dems vote against it if they dare!!!
Excellent
Money laundering is illegal. Let's have trump talk about that!
https://www.facebook.com/vance.i.sharp/posts/10159255807190524 … this video should refresh your memory. Americans haven't forgotten.
You are such a hypocrite. Obama asked congress 2 take the #DACA issue up n congress falled 2 , why, because you were the say no congress
Perhaps it didn't pass because you did everything in your power to thwart Mr. Obama. #deplorable
What about the 2 years he had the house and senate? Hmmm he didn't care?
He asked all of you to come up with reasonable legislation years ago and you blocked him now you evil sick bastards better make it right
you are #DISGUSTING ... A #SHAME to yourself, your family, and your ancestors... #CORRUPT #MAGA
Okay good! Don't forget your GOP platform campaign promises! McCain needs to be kicked off all committees until he falls in line!
So you are OK with punishing a bunch of blameless kids just because you do not like what Obama did? You are nothing but a petty bureaucrat
As one who claims to be a Christian (and a former alien to God), how do you justify not helping those who you once were (Eph. 2:11-13)?
.@SenateMajLdr My statement on you: GFY
What Obama did came from a good heart. These children deserve protection. What trump did comes from an evil, racist heart. Your roll?
One day Mr. McConnell, you will answer to God for your hateful policies, excuses and being Trump's puppet. May God have mercy on you. #DACA
And...BUILD THAT WALL!!!
You need to get the other priorities done FIRST!  DACA needs to get in line!  You got 200 bills House has sent you. DACA NOT priority!
Two sentences of zero content hardly required an official statement. Any actual thoughts or ideas? Or are you still in vacation mode?
That means you and your cronies will, once again, do nothing.
we we see
It's an easy fix, turn executive order into law, maybe 2 days and done.  No big immigration bill, pork or other garbage.
Oh and by the way approve the Presidents Judge nominations. NOW!  I'm told you are holding up this badly needed court appointees!
Great!  Now do your job repeal Obamacare, lower our taxes, promote infrastructure and build the wall!  America first!
8 years congress passed nothing. Notta. Now you have urgency? Lol.
It's about time you fall in line.
President Obama did what he could because Congress couldn't act. After 5 years can you now o the right thing? 80% are in favor of DOCA.
No 80% are not,
You had a chance to improve this under Obama and chose not to. Tell me again how your motives weren't about the black President.
If you had not blocked Obama we would have a cohesive immigration law today. This is on you to fix, no one else. That is the message sent.
Obama wrote an executive order, didn't he?
This is an utterly vague and insufficient statement. You are playing with the lives of 800000 kids. Be compassionate. Lead.
Nah, the fundamental mistake was putting Orangey in office.
You will go down in history as complicit in this racist hateful administration. You've done nothing to help. This is your legacy. Congrats
Ask yourself a question why it's only white America that's celebrating rescinding of DACA. All scared of the "browning of America"
So of all the things you can do to make this a better nation you decide one of them is throw children to the wolves. Human being, not.

Sell out!
Your name in any history books should the world actually survive is so f'd .  Obstruction , uphold racism and lies , HARMS CHILDREN
JOE ARPAIO SIR
when has was the last time your congress worked #clownstick
White hoody suits you-history books will speak to your disgraceful character-Obama made us proud to be Americans. Vote Mitch out of office!
It's time for your old waxy face to resign. Enough is enough. You want to leave your mark on history?  Remove Donnie, Keebler, and Mikey.
Hey Mitchipoo, if you had done your job President Obama woulld not have needed to issue the DACA EO.
Wow. And here comes the end of your political career.
I like Obama's statement better.
Congress has ONE chance. Tax reform/cuts, budget, wall, Ocare -America FIRST!  DACA SECOND. Otherwise, Americans will reform Congress!
I hate you
Good Lord Mitch you actually agreed with our President for once 
I hope the people of KY finally do the rest of us a favor and vote you out of office!!!!
Okay dbag, legislate.  Let's see your true feelings on this versus your constant anti-obama stance.
You've had how many years to get it done?Tax reform?No. Immigration?http://No.Healthcare?NoNo.Healthcare/?No . Infrastructure?No.Private sector work?Never.
You and Trump are total scum!!!! I wish we could find a way to deport you and every other person who supports Trump!!!
Shame on you. Just laws are tempered with mercy. Separating someone from their family & the only country they've ever known is inhuman #DACA
They can all go back and make Mexico great again!
Join with Durbin and Graham.  Pass the Dream Act and make sure it gets signed.
If you had done the right thing yrs ago, all of this would be a moot point. Don't blame Obama for your lack of leadership. Fix the problem.
Thank you for supporting the president  putting American and  legal immigrants law-abiding hard- working citizens first
We know exactly how you feel about anyone but white folks 
So, then you agree that the Muslim bans were also against the rule of law. Great! We're on the same page!
Today's action wasn't necessary.  This is not representative of who the American people are and what they believe in.  Step down!
I am so sad for u that u are a horrible person w/a black heart. Idk how u sleep at night or look in the mirror #usuck
Congress will continue to get nothing done. That's what you meant right? 
Flying your "I'm evil" flag today, are you?
The term leader should be removed from your title.
Let's see you do this! Now appeal replace!
Weak and pathetic man
You can't get a decent healthcare bill for American taxpayers.  Tired of illegals waving mexican flags and burning American! Deport!
Well get it done    Go back & get Obamacare done get the tax bill done    Do you hear us "we the people".  
Talk is cheap why don't you do something
Complicit
These young people have done nothing wrong. As children, they were incapable of making the decision necessary to commit an illegal action.
Wow you've only had forever to have worked this.....
There still is a  opportunity that Congress makes a law to  extend  and renew DACA every 2 or 3 year
Two wrongs don't make a right.  You are destroying lives.
What is it about DACA that is not "working" for you?!
The Republican Party has become the most hateful bunch, it's embarrassing to see this happen in this day of age...
Get a bill out there and get it passed. We need a law not an failing executive order. Maybe a solo Dreamers bill.
I will personally make it my life's mission to make sure that every sitting Republican doesn't have a seat when their term is up
Get to work Mitch
Is it true you & your PAC received millions of $ from Russian Mafia during 2016 campaign? #ManyPeopleAreSaying that's why you support 45....
By hurting children who only know this as their home? This is not my America!!
My statement, F*** You!!
Then 45 will stop his executive orders? #countryoverparty


NO DREAM ACT! NO AMNESTY! @realdonaldtrump was elected on a promise to end DACA. Rubio, Flake, McCain they weren't elecetd President.
You're talking "system"- the lives of 800k young men & women who only know America are at stake. Show some humanity.
Right, you care.   That's why you are tearing everything apart and leaving people in limbo #daca #MuslimBan #Healthcare
Obama did the right thing , coward. Keep sucking up to the Trumpster
Spare us your sanctimonious self righteous BS about the rule of law and lawful authority.
Since #DACA wasn't a law & Obama said it was "only temporary".Plus since ppl don't have documents, then who are they & why do we give them $

You've been "working on it" for st least 15 years that I can remember. Forgive me if I have no faith in you and Congress. Actions=louder.
President Trump wrongly thought he could rewrite our immigration laws. His "Muslim Ban" is a gross malfeasance in office!
Blame Obama for your bigotry. I will believe there will be American-quality action when I see it. Great at ruining lives!!
If you all had done your JOB in the first place and not been the party of NO, this would not have happened!!  Disgraceful! #impeach
What has congress accomplished? Nothing! President Obama at least had the guts to do something. Fix the immigration system.
Mitch, PLEASE get off your butt and get something done. Solve a problem for this country. That is why we voted you back in. DO SOMETHING.
Today's cold action hurts the GOP long term, and your cold statement hurts you. You are underestimating the public's long term reaction.
Mr. McConnell... this is your opportunity to make a lasting impression on your political legacy! We need to repeal ACA, tax reform..

This was because Mr Turtle-head and the rest of the repug congress refused to do their job when Obama was pres.
#DACA Protect the Dreamers and stop siding with a white supremacist. Hope this bites you in the behind.
Move to Mass. Lots of jobs available here. Signs everywhere.
Put your money where your mouth is @SenateMajLdr and do your job. Enough lip service!
Obama wouldn't have had to do what he did if you twits in the Senate had passed some humane immigration legislation.
You make me sick.
Until it affects you personally
You Republicans are the worst.  You've got nothing done in  7 months.  @GOP a bunch cruel dysfunctional soulless cowards.
I...can't...even...read his statement. I'm just that disgusted.
You are responsible for lack of action in this issue. Obama forced to act because you refused any attempts to help anyone in the last 7yrs
You disgust me.

cc @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #DACA #DREAMer
