You're an uninformed nit-wit who'll only cause harm to Americans.  We can see and hear you, and will remember your actions #GOPLiesMatter
Trying to control Citizens media?? Are you insane?! Most UN-AMERICAN act possible! #traitor #GOPcolluded #ImpeachTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Hey mitchey...marble garble trumpy kool-aid too much yet?
Doing away with #netneutrality will harm your own constituents. Please consider their interests over your own.
does your ass get jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth?
#NetNeutrality provides equal treatment of internet data for all. By rejecting this you show you value corporation $ over people #nosurprise
What's new....he is bought and paid for.....
Shameful.
Only an idiot would think this is good for people.  You apparently qualify.
God, Mitch, are you on the right side of anything?
No
Correction, hell fucking no.
Out of touch or just ignorant? This is not what encourages innovation. It encourages dominance of Comcast and Verizon
Crooks in Washington need term limits @POTUS @CNN @MSNBC #middleclass
Stating that net neutrality is harmful must have given you and your corporate bosses quite a chuckle
WE NEED AN INDEPENDENT COUNCIL to investigate the Republican's Corrupt Cover Up!!  This is on YOU!
This is gross exaggeration and mis-characterization of something you don't understand. You've once again sold out Americans to your donors.
@SenateMajLdr you are the poster child for outdated bureaucracy
Will you ever define "harmful" or will you just keep using the phrase without any evidence? Are your constituents harmed, or just the ISPs?
your illusions are distorting our reality
How much money are you getting paid for this?
Jackass!
Money, money, money, money...
Not having consumer protections on this is harmful.
Without protections ISPs can limit bandwidth for a site based on how much you pay them.
Meaning that wealth will decide which information we are all able to access on the internet.
Seems like a desirable outcome for some interests
Get rid of all regulations & let the country go wild! Thanks for selling out our privacy on the internet!
Are you serious?  I live in KY and pay $75 a MONTH for sh*##y wifi already!!!!  WHAT INNOVATION? #greed #monopolizemuch? #WHODOYOUWORKFOR?
This is the statement and vote that $251,000 buys you! #NetNeutrality only hurts large corporations and helps small business.
Complete jackasd
This is a terrible idea and voters don't want it.  Cable companies want this and it will kill small startups and hurt consumers. Wake UP GOP
FU
"Harmful net neutrality." You're an honest to God joke.
Cut the crap. You need a independent investigation into Trump unless you are afraid of going down with the Trump ship
Turtle, you know what you are doing is a big gift to corporate interests at the expense of the average American. #powergrab #resist
You're a dinosaur. Absolute worst example of who should be representing the people. Your support has waned dramatically. #TickTock #resist
Said no study done on the matter.

This is just paying back the people that helped your unelectable ass get elected.
#malelovelentMcconnell putting the greed of corporations over the rights of the people- shocker
1900 to 1986 no net neutrality innovation limited to phones come in colors & longer cords
Well done Mitch
I bet the ISPs gave you those blow jobs for free
Please Mitch, have a massive heart attack or necrotic stomatitis, which is apparently common in turtles.  You've done enough damage.
Rolling back out privacy protections is not a win for America you Russia colluding traitor. IT pro's across the US pushed for those rules.
Unbelievable.
How much are the telcos lining your pockets?  Net Neutrality isn't harmful, it is the great equalizer for everyone. Time for you to resign
.
Can the @GOP actually pass something without tricks. Budget recon, dynamic scoring, and nuclear option. A joke! #CantLead #FailBigly #Shame
It's fine if you amend the ACA, but YOU and ALL of congress should have the same options as us. We employed you; remember?  You work for us!
No vote on tax reform until Trump reveals his personal tax returns for the past 7 years.
We demand an independent investigation of collusion between Trump and Russia.
In other words, the Republican Party is all about suppressing Freedom of Speech unless one can pay to do it, of course. #Resist #FCC
Your statements are as useful as tits on a bull. Your senility and dementia are revealing themselves more every day
And this is part of the reason you're one of the most hated senators in the country!
If you and Paul Ryan is involved with anything I know it's bad. Not for the people. Resign
This is an outright lie. Repealing title II results in edge provider discrimination. Fewer internet startups = fewer jobs.
Russian traitor, Mitchy
#russiagate 
Your name will come up. It's just a matter of time
#resignnow
TRANSLATION: Fuck the Spirit of the Constitution 3 Cheers For Fascist White Supremacy & The Retards Who Vote For It
My statement on the @FCC's rollback of harmful #netneutrality regulation. cc: @AjitPaiFCC 
You do know this has nothing to do with basketball?
#RepealAndReplaceMcConnell
Wow, how much telecom money did you get?
Wrong on net neutrality as well! How did you get this job?
POTUS/Congress is doing more harm to our environment than any other admin. Congratulations, your grandchildren will be so proud.
Again, you do not care about the poor and middle class who will be hurt by this rollback. You wouldn't limit access to water or electricity
You really don't understand the subject. Wake up
Damn, you are so full of 
HARMFUL, youre an old fool who prob doesnt even know what the net is. You should keep hands off! #Annoyed
Dude, you always pick the side of jerkdom
Speaking of technology. Increase font size, Mitch.
Seriously, is it "Leader" because "Grand Wizard" was taken?
#toostupidfortoday
You Nazi any such rollback damages everyone and endangers everybody's health & well-being. Oh right; you don't care about health &well-being
Protective, not harmful.  We're coming for your search history first, Mitch. Stop selling us out to business!
Sir, you and @AjitPaiFCC are fools.
#NetNeutrality isn't harmful, except to TimeWarner's bottom line. Corp. censorship is NOT American. #resist
So selling our personal information was somehow necessary for the economy? Did the Obama Admin. hinder growth by giving citizens privacy?
FOS. Allow ISP to sell my information w/o consent but don't provide that I will not be charged fairly for what should be free access for all
Why trust @GOP after they allowed telecom to monetize our private isp usage data?
Well Done!! This was very much needed.
BHOs Regulation Assault on Businesses set us back 100 years+
Your confusing regulations with consumer protection...
He's just repeating what they told him to say. He'll reply tomorrow when they tell him the Thursday's GOP msg.
Wrong again Mitch.
Patron of the billionaires, avowed enemy of his own voters.  Disgusting!
funny how he knows he has been the most hurtful senator in history to the American people but he don't care
In your mind, "Obama Administration did it" = "harmful." You're deranged, Mitch. And screwing Americans because of your damage.
Can the GOP be any clearer about their support for big business?  It's the 'in your face and proud' that is the most troubling.
Merrick Garland
YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCKING AMERICA DOWN THE DRAIN-YOU MAY JUST FIND YOU WON'T BE REELCTED. HOPE YOU HAVE NO PRE-EXIST HEALTH ISSUES
another way to fuck over the poor
I can't wait for @SenateMajLdr's browser history to hit the news as a result of this
Plus your statement is hard to read and shows bad design. Sad!
You call them "regulations" .... regular people call them "protections."
Guess you don't care about us.
That's Mitch "greedy" McConnell... Koch millions not enough...
Net neutrality is was made innovation possible. Rolling it back cripples innovation you dolt. It's another giveaway to the rich & powerful
Net neutrality isn't harmful you fool.
Please ask the Wizard for Courage, Cowardly Lion!
IN WHAT UNIVERSE IS NET NEUTRALITY HARMFULL!?
Hurts his donors' stock prices, which means less campaign $$$ for Mitch.
Mitch, put your dick in a blender. Then press liquify.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
#NetNeutrality is great for the American people; it is only harmful to your Wall Street overlords for whom you shill at every opportunity.
You hurt Americans.
Did you get the "outdated bureaucracy" line by looking in the mirror?
Good One 
Mitch you consider anything that @BarackObama did harmful. YOU are doing so much harm. Obstruction & changing the rules is all you do.
It's not an assault on innovation, it's a protection of our Constitutional right to privacy -- explicitly recognized since the 1960s.
"Outdated Bureaucracy"? I find this hilarious coming from the guy who wants to suppress #WomensRights & #LGBTQ Rights! #DitchMitch #Resist
So you got HUGE DONATIONS from the ISP's to FU*K CONSUMERS eh?
I swear McConnells GREED is unquenchable.... never stops
We gave you this job & we take it away too! We're your employers! You've had 30+y to make KY 'great' again. YOU'RE THE PROBLEM! YOU'RE FIRED
I was reading some of these tweets,my GOD MITCH! Unless you and your friends including @POTUS @SpeakerRyan  can profit you don't give a shit
Do you even know what net neutrality is?  No? 
Net neutrality is where they can charge anything they want! Restrict bandwidth, lower speeds & sell 4 a premium. Obama eliminated this.
Too bad @SenateMajLdr thinks he knows what he's talking about but is nothing more than a huckster like @realDonaldTrump!
You have yet to say or do anything decent  during this administration.

You are an amazing hypocrite. I hope, in your family, someone comes out as gay, marries a black person, and falls in love with a Muslim.
his father in laws already a drug runner...
Honestly sold out your country nobody cares what you think
The only assault on us is your repeated refusal to act on behalf of your employers & instead acting on behalf of the lg corp. that give $ 2u
Exactly.... thank you
Your a fraud to !!
Hope you guys will feel all these roll backs first. Dirty water and air.. beautiful lands sold to Russian and drilling in National parks.
I'm guessing you probably use a Jitterbug to access the Internet. Get out of the way because you have no idea what "the internets" are.
Hey Mich Leran from History."Let them eat cake"did not sit well with its citizens Nor did the lavish Romanov parties @Potus @realDonaldTrump
The primary outdated bureaucracy is from you. As @SenateMajLdr you have turned congress into a monolith of partisan politics. #disgrace
Let's treat the internet like the public utility that it is & not start picking winners. Otherwise it will only be as fast as your face 
Free speech in a Republican mind = buying up media & charging people to talk.
#RobberyAndSubversionSyndicate
Wow...you really have no clue!
There are sooo many things WRONG w/ your statement it's ludicrous! You're just an outdated, out of touch old man who has no clue...
internet had become an utility mitch and should be treated and regulated as such i am sorry you're stuck in the past
mitch u can share this guide with paul it's about what you are doing (it was meant for ted but u should see it too)
which industry lobbyist bought your soul for this nugget? You don't come cheap-and you don't act for americans, only yourself so how much $
See, @SenateMajLdr , we're all on to you! 2018, Mitch, 2018!
That's been my theory. Mitchypoo cock-blocked Merrick Garland because he was in on the election fix and new how it was going to go down!
You are old and not needed anymore. Your statements stink
There is nothing harmful about protecting consumer information and making the internet a space where all traffic is treated equally.
Mainly the problem is that people do not know what the regulation is really about. It is about traffic management during network congestion.
People have been led to believe by bad reporting that it is somehow about content management.  It isn't.
Mitch, this country will be all the better once you are out of office.
