Neither will your despicable wealthcare bill
Because you fought it tooth and nail. Give it a chance and just fix it- Don't repeal. You'll be surprised at the success you will see.
How about you shove your proposal up yours - and then we continue with Obamacare? #fixObamacare
If trying to be popular is your fancy....get Obamacare killed.
Lol what a load of crap. McConnell's plan will leave ppl w/o health care & bankrupt ppl & their towns when 22 million ppl get dropped.
1/Depraved-indifference murder, depraved-heart murder, or pre-meditated GENOCIDE of the elderly, the very young, the poor, women's health, &
Crafting this inhumane HC Bill to please comrade Trump makes it so gratifying to see you go down in your re-election bid. VOTERS MATTER!
YOU LIE about Obamacare.  You want to kill Americans with your crummy plan that steals from  the needy and gives more to rich a holes.
There's a special place in hell for people like you. Keep nervously laughing and smirking.
The ACA is working a lot better than the Republicans who haven't been able to get their act together for almost 8 years on health care.
ACA doesn't work because the Republicans put zero effort into improving it. Now 22 Million will pay
#GOPHealthCareGENOCIDE  #GOPCrimesAgainstHumanity
How about you come up with a health plan that requires Senators, Reps, President to use. Only then will the American people know it's worthy
REplying to @McConnellPress @Senate MajLdr will leave thousands of children homeless due to opiate use in Indiana/Medicaid helps addictions
Current administration is insane taking care away from those whom need it most!
Your proposal is NOT better healthcare! It's just a huge tax break for the wealthy. Many will die if it passes. GOP doesn't care about us!
It's called GENOCIDE, & classifies as CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY
And you are doing this in secret and without hearings.. the same exact thing you accused dems of doing with the ACA.. you're a snake
#GOPHealthCareGENOCIDE  #GOPCrimesAgainstHumanity.
REALLY!? Giving tax breaks to the wealthy while punishing poor people is misguided at best and ignorant at its worst.
No. It's called GENOCIDE of the elderly, the poor, women's health, & the handicapped.
Why don't they get it?
REPEAL IT...AS WAS PROMISED FOR 8 LONG YEARS....NOW DO IT
Why do u keep saying that? Ask anyone who uses it and u will hear differently. Just cuz u want everyone to believe that doesnt make it true.
Try walking across the aisle and working with the other side. You'll be amazed at all you can accomplish for the American people.
obamacare IS working!  it is working for the majority of americans
2/the handicapped? Wch would you prefer, McConnell?? Any one of these will go down in history as ur legacy. & get very long prison terms.
You just let police drag and handcuff disabled people out of your office -disgusting- do not cut Medicaid!!!!
How about proposing HR 3762 as your Senate bill this time around? If it was good enough when you knew Obama would veto it, why not now?

BetterCare = many seriously ill and death
Beacause you see, prolife McConnell et al, SOMEONE has to pull their life support but I guarantee you it will NOT BE THE NATIONS RNs!
So I add @ANAPresident @NationalNurses to this thread as I'm sure they agree; RNs will not murder patients in the name of TrumpCare
Blood money
If you cared about America,GOP would not rush its  terrible secret bill down our throats.
Several families say NO choice but to abort babies won't be able provide care for! Makes me sick!!!! You all are sick!! Such greed!!
I may be bed bound but talk online & out of thousands have talked to last few days ALL say WILL NOT buy health care risk it Hosp. eat cost
Murderer! People need most can't be hurt by penalties because nothing lose! Most of us don't even file taxes & even $1. day is to much!
You should have the same coverage that you are mandating !
You and you're a Republican buddies have ruined it.  It needed to be tweaked. Murderer
you aren't delivering health care either. Tax break for rich and gut Medicaid
Your Machiavellian plots and strategies are not going to save this healthcare bill (product of 7 yrs complaints? SAD!) It is cruel & immoral
Make sure bill says that Congress uses the same healthcare as rest of country. Good enough for us is good enough for you!
No one contests the fact that ObamaCare needs improvements, but it has been working for 7 years. Destroying Medicaid is not the answer.
Make pharmaceutical companies pay for opioid rehab NOT tax payers/ins companies. They knew of addiction problems.
20/20 you are finished. the Tea Party will have your seat
The GOP needs to decide whether tax cuts for the rich are more important than their constituents health and financial security.
Your healthcare bill reveals your love for money & the wealthy. It also reveals your hate for the disabled, elderly, & under privileged.
The question is:  Do the richest among us need more tax cuts or do the poorest, sickest, oldest, youngest need more help?
This is bullpucky you're shoving down the throats of Americans! You're nothing but a lobbyist lover #Traitor get out of DC Now!
McConnell-Trump care will hurt your familes. But they will get themselves great tax breaks!
@SenDeanHeller How cynical is GOP to screw Medicaid folks,but delay til 2021 to get votes
McConnell should be arrested and convicted for impersonating a public servant.
#humanahealthcare irony, the largest employer in #yourpocket or state. Like #nra, you have been wrapped and sold like a fat gobbler #Cheat
If we deserve better heath care, why don't you give it to us? Why craft a bill in secret? Why not work with Democrats and both compromise?
HOPE YOU SAW THE LAST WORD SHOW TONIGHT. IF YOU DID THAT WILL TELL US IF YOU HAVE ANY TYPE OF HEART
U know ACA was working before reps started sabotaging it. Remember when you needed government insurance when you were a kid. SHAME ON YOU!!!
yeah why can't we have your insurance
U R A GREEDY, INHUMANE PERSON!!! SHAMEFUL!!!!!
how much money are you getting ?
YEAH WHO IS PAYING YOU @Team_Mitch
Make Obamacare Work. Do your job.

U support a president that u KNOW has Russian ties & GOP just looks the other way. U work for us, not Russia!#RepublicansAreTraitors
Alright no more excuses. Make somethin happen. Fix Obamacare now. Do something! Build the wall! 
You don't have to tell us Obama care is bad sir.  But we demand a open market solution
McConnell allowed Russia to attack our democracy by covering up Russian involvement
sorry stupid that was Obama that was covering up @politicususa
Somehow I think you don't care at all.
Better care like you got?
you have welfare. what more do you want?
This healthcare fix must be for the people not for the rich. How do u people sleep at night.
Consider this my phone call as a US Citizen...DO IT for ALL USA. Repeal and Replace!!
We are tired of the threats to the POTUS!!  Do something please!
Your not really working for the people Senator only the rich!!!
#savemedicaid #donoharm
So you knew from beginning about putin hacking! You did NOTHING! Now your trying to murder Americans! Your dirty! Last term for you! Bye!!!!
Trumpcare should be deathwatch. You should be ashamed.
You will be forever attached to Trump.  That will be your legacy with the worst President in history! Disgusting.
You should be ashamed of the display in front of your office.  Disabled people be dragged away.  Disgusting!  How do you sleep ?
Thank you
Sir! Only persons  that might get better care are the millionaires. who don't need another tax cut. You need to see low income families!
He simply doesn't care.  Deplorable!
You lie.
It's working better than your plan will work. True evil.

Allergies, seriously @RoyBlunt , your bill deliberately targets ppl with seasonal allergies??? Oh for fuck sake...#MO4 @funder https://twitter.com/MoveOn/status/878335106477424640 …
It was working fine until the Turtle, Ryan and the Cheeto deliberately broke it.
That is correct!  Wake up America!
You're a #Treasonous SOB. Its not working cause u & GOP spent your time tearing it down! #taxcuts on the backs of #Medicaid. Shame on you.
and i deserve a few hundread thousand from the insurance co.
Taking away healthcare from millions is the answer?
Lets call YOUR healthcare bill McConnellCare so when it dies people will associate it with YOU.
So you want to get rid of opiates and sale cocaine mitchy boy
You dam well better make sure the preexisting conditions is included and covered completely. kill tax breaks over 200K , keep other parts
RETIRE, RESIGN,  50 WAYS TO LEAVE OFFICE. No HEALTHCARE PLAN FROM YOU OR THE R'S!!
This #Traitor is going to single-handedly destroy the #Republican Party followed rapidly by the destruction of the country! #DitchMitch
Luckily, Obama was the epitome of honesty and truthfulness, therefore making Trump look that much worse.  #Sarcasm
Just Cleaning off of deathly care 
What a very evil man. You are greedy, & you aren't getting any younger. You will have to answer for your crimes against humanity
Why do you want to hurt my mom?
Better Question: Why do you want to hurt all of us? #HealthcareNotWealthcare #IAmAPreexistingCondition #SaveACA #VoteNoAHCA
