You've got to be fucking joking - half of all filibusters EVER by YOU
Lets talk about Russia
PROVE IT, SHOW us the FACTS!
And you turtle man, were the first to deny a sitting President's SCOTUS nominee a hearing. Which is worse?  You are turtle man.
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
He's not doing jack shit about that!
Don't blame @SenSchumer you did this bs all yourself, a career senator , you knew what it took to get the votes
Do you even hear yourself when you're talking or do you just hope this kind of bullshit makes people forget your hypocrisy?
No, Republicans nominated totally ideological partisans, then had balls to blame Democrats. Don't worry, payback is coming. #NuclearOption
You should repeal and replace the filibuster.
@McConnellPress you can fool the sheeple but not the People Mitch. YOU'RE A HABITUAL LIAR THAT NEEDS INTENSE THERAPY
You perfected dragging your feet on Democratic nominees.
gee maybe if the nominees weren't extremists...
#PhukOff #UnamericanPig #Traitor #TreasonOkWithYou
That's a good one!
We will not forget. Merrick Garland.
Wrong again, remember Abe Fortas? Filibuster lead by Republicans according to #SHO. #cantrewritehistory #nomorelies
Boo hoo...u started this, what goes around comes around. @potus is going to last one term, then u decision will back fire
It doesn't look good for Democrats. Using the Nuke just exactly what Democrats used during OB's presidency. Careful when U change the rules

Your state should recall you immediately and fire you.
In other news, .@SenateMajLdr is incapable of taking responsibility for his own hypocritical actions, and tries to blame others for it.
The snowflakes are having a fit below what is new for bellies
NOPE! #liar #hypocrite #trash #corruptGOP
No pointing blame elsewhere today - McConnell has got to go. Anybody who would change rules rather than follow them has weakened our system.
this is just another lie from you and your party, you failed to do your job for the last 8 years, we will resist!!
#MerrickGarland dude. Merrick Garland. You taught us all we know. This rule change will bite you later; you can count on that.
Because you were too much of a coward to even give Merrick Garland a vote
Omg! Do you hear yourself? Hypocrite, thy name is skippy mcconnell. You are a self/serving deplorable. Sickening what you'll do to win. 
Garland
reap what you sow you archaic impotent, bought and paid for loser. Your little tirade is destructive, your actions treasonous. WE ARE COMING
Duplicitous little man #Senate #SCOTUS
#hypocrite No one has ever not let a Presidential nominee have a hearing before, but you!
You effectively filibustered Merrick Garland for almost a YEAR, and now you're indignant over a Democratic filibuster. SHAME on YOU.
You are a thief!
you are just confirming why we gave become so partisan and are unable to get anything done for Americans
Garland!
An eye for an eye,  a tooth for a tooth. Nuclear!!!!!!!!!
McConnell will go down in history as the person who destroyed the Senate.
You pioneered not having a hearing for Garland and now look what happened
Those that go to extremes usually end up regretting it later!
Really? Ok. But the GOP act like babies and not speaking to Garland for no other reason than blocking him from being SCOTUS
You would have if you could have & Ds used nuc when you blocked consideration of lower court judges despite massive shortages.
Your hypocrisy=mind-blowing. GOPs used an unprecedented amount of filibusters on legislation and lower court nominations too. #GOPHypocrisy
PLEASEEEEE don't back down to Dem we are proud of you and your STAND!! They are use to FORCING GOP to do whatever they say, them in charge!
Then you guys fix this while you are in charge.  Get the process that has to encourage Bi-partisanship.  Realizing the majority has the nod
Garland!
good! Someone needs to keep you in check and remind you that u work for us not @POTUS or @GOP Do ur job or someone else will!
We know! We also know you leaders need to toughen up and do the people's work, no more Mr. Nice Guy! #GoNuclearNow Confirm Justice Gorsuch.
And you pioneered the practice of ignoring a SCOTUS nominee and vowing to block any nominees from a Dem president for FOUR years.
We've never had a suspected treasonous prez like Trump b 4. Many of his top "picks" r rightfully gone now...that alone is reason not to vote
Ohhh, he hit me so I hit him back... said every 3 yr old on the playground
Dis u
@McConnellPress did you forget what you did to Merrick Garland? #GOPAmnesia
How's the tuition waiver for Arizona Guardsmen coming along?
In response to a party who declared on 1st day of inauguration to block any and all proposals by their sitting president. Shame!

Didnt GOP threaten 2 keep SCOTUS opn indefinitely if HRC won? justify that hypocrisy. Do what's right Or get voted out. Yr choice, Mr Leader
Nope, you take that title for not even meeting with Garland. History will remember THAT!
The GOP pioneered the practice of denying hearing for SCOTUS nominee-now they must pay the price. #stolenseat
Is this finger pointing a page from Trumps "How to be a feckless leader" handbook?
TWO WRONGS DON'T MAKE A RIGHT! C'mon Rebubs! This is your chance to grab the moral high ground!
what do you call the Republicans actions against Merrick nomination?
First time for everything
Dem, no choice. U refuse 2 do job. Do whats right 4 cntry not yrself. Stop partisan BS. DJT shud get NO pick while under invest.
Liar. Hypocrite. Obstructionist. Resign.
Who was it that pioneered screwing a nominee by not granting a hearing? Biden made a speech, you did it for real & are 100% to blame
This everyone will remember
McConnell is a slimeball, do the right thing, confirm Merrick Garland
Gorsuch is a fraud - new nominee would fix that!
You've tweet 15 times in the last 1/2 hr, don't you have a job to do? You tweet more than Trump. #Doyourjob #ImpeachTrump
I actually kinda respect your total and complete lack of shame. You'll say anything. wish Dems has a liar like you on our side
#MerrickGarland #hypocrite
Lower court practices are not applicable to the highest court & the first partisan filibuster has been taking place for over a year by you.
POTUS is being investigated for Treason and you are involved. You really wants this SCOTUS nominee? motive? #Complicit
Man up!  your leadership has brought the Senate to an all time low. Th Senate will never be the same and, sadly, neither will the court
Just. Stop. If you blow up the senate that's all on you. It will be your legacy, man.
How dare you employ democrat procedures. Trump will be in office 7+ years so this is but the first of four more!Yippee!

The GOP is going to vote on a SCOTUS nominee from a POTUS under FBI investigation? History will remember this day and which party failed.
But they gave him the hearings. You had no such decency re: Garland. How about your 14% approval rating?
#MakePlagiarismGreatAgain.
Yet you denied Garland the fair hearing to which he was entitled, hypocrite.
Dems NEVER stole a seat.  You have no moral high ground here.  U change the rules - 2018 all bets off and u will regret.
He's so effing old he doesn't care. He will go spend his millions earned destroying our earth.
ok great go find another nominee who can get to 60...thats 6-0 mitch so just take ur age, subtract about 100 and thats how many votes u need
Innovation?
Retire old dude, let people that care about people take your place. Gorsuch is not for the people just as you are not
Give Merrick Garland a hearing. #SCOTUS. You stole his seat. You will LOSE the senate in 2018. #BlockGorsuch #StolenSeat
It's like you're trolling yourself, Mitch.

Good for them!
thank you so much for you uniting us Mitch. God is listening and
Huh? You mean that evil man! He's disgusting in every way. We are losing democracy and Mitch is giving it away. #2muchfoxnews
79 nominees blocked by GOP between 2009-2013, compared to 68 TOTAL between '49-'08. You are the pioneer
Hypocrite.
First time a #scotus nominee wasn't given a confirmation hearing was by you
Seriously, you're going to give yourself a heart attack with all these tweets.  Just go put an end to the proud tradition of the US senate.
You are to blame for the dramatic increase in filibusters under Obama.
Just like Dems to make good on a promise.
GOD is watching
Duh
Merrick Garland.



