Mr. McConnell, stop standing in @POTUS's way or you will get steam-rolled. Get on board w/ our party & our President, or get out of the way
Wow. That's some powerful agenda. "We plan to do the bare minimum our jobs and human decency require."
Seems like Treasury Secretary Minuchin should dock their pay I'm sure it wouldn't hurt em Most have STOLE MILLIONS ALREADY #TRUMPTRAIN #MAGA
How about the deal maker caving to the Dems today? When does the #winning begin?
You are a shining exampleof the typical ignorant Demotard. If the MSM tells you the sky is falling would you believe them? :-)#TRUMPTRAIN
Why'd your boy make a deal with Pelosi and Schumer? You can't even feel his cock up your ass it's been in there so long.
That's your argument? 

2018 will be a disaster unless you can come up with something infinitely 'better'.
#climatechange is real & it made those hurricanes worse. #ActOnClimate now.

http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/15/us/climate-change-hurricanes-harvey-and-irma/index.html … 
you should be ashamed. POTUS had to reach out to the Dems to get it done. So Sad. @civilwarnovels
Get to work and get the presidents agenda done or get out of the way!
@GOP Are you a racist? Complicit treason? Mean, lying, corrupt, uncaring? Please resign, you should not be in public service #DefendDACA
DACA BE GONE byeeeeee
@jeffrygc @POTUS Hey McConnell shouldn't one of your priorities be to actually do what you promised to do for eight years.
You are a BOLD FACED LIAR! Never once has the government deflated on our debt due to a government shutdown, you just want a quick solution!

That finger is why all illegals must deport. Our laws matter.
In other words: Do the basic job of governing. Oh, right you guys control both houses of Congress and the White House, so big lift for GOP.
Swamp is deep
I bet you have the best healthcare out there? Thanks tax payers
Fund the wall Mitch
Mr. McConnell We the People elected DJT to carry out the will of the people. Regrettably Sir, we expected too much of U. PLEASE STEP ASIDE
Why don't you cut spending on unnecessary social engineering so the govt doesn't have to worry about default. Balance the effing budget!
What about #DefendDACA
Good bye DACA CACA
What about the immediate priorities from 9 months ago like repealing Obamacare, tax reform & the wall?
That's it Mitch. No healthcare, no Taxes, no infrastructure? Please get out of Americas way
Translation = Justify his and your wife's immigrant status, pad your pockets and increase corporate gains for cabinet members.
Immigrate didn't build this country. American citizens built it.
STF UP MITCH! UR SCAMMER LIAR! SHUT FKG GOVT DOWN!!! THATS WHAT SHD HV BN DONE!!! U CHICKEN RINOS SPEND LK DEMS! UR IN BED W/BILDBERG/SOROS!
so then why did Trump have to go the democratic to pass relief for #HurricaneHarvey
Keep your wife employed is #1
Don't forget legalizing DACA
Crisis leadership is one thing - show me your plans for repealing Obamacare, tax reform, comprehensive immigration and I might trust you.
I would not brag about sharing anything with POTUS. Try to resist tying these priorities together. Clean bills for all three.
Shut up with your resist it's not helpful. Hope your not married you would be torture
What about all the white supremacist shit? You look like Gary Oldman from Hannibal
How much money  will you try to gut from Harvey? A ball park figure will do.
Drain the swamp
Fund the govt?? Seriously?? Billions of $ flowing into govt from taxpayer money daily and you have trouble with funds??  you're the problem
To believe there is more than one race is racism.
U suck up. When U & Dictator Trump are OUT of office many will celebrate because there will be renewed hope for the people once again
How can you suck up to trump when he made you look like a complete fool? Did he tell you you have a turkey neck?
Mitch, buddy. Only one of them isn't a repeat and completely your fault. As we like to say in NE, do your job.  -2545-
You and your clowns, Ryan and his Clowns, Schumer and his Clowns have wasted the last 8 months. So what obstructionist plans now to delay!!
Yes or no. You are going to use the 800,000 DACA workers to leverage finance for the border wall? People are more than political agenda bud
U FORGOT - TAX CUT & Hcare! WE NEED U 2do the WILL of the PPL! Legal TAXPAYERS voted @POTUS & HE IS OUR VOICE & our AGENDA! @SenateGOP @OANN
#NoAmnesty I wish I hadn't voted republican now. I didn't know I was supporting the party of amnesty we will remember this in 2018/2020
.@SenateMajLdr @POTUS Keep the Russians happy while banking as much cash as possible.
Lock up all Liberals for being stupid.
Deport Congress and house DACA kids in capital building. It would be better use of it.
McConnell- money first, second, always. People? Americans be damned.
If you put pork in these bills you'll lose credibility when you haven't repealed the ACA
I would suggest you put healthcare back on your list and quit accepting failure! 29 mil Amer don't have H/ins! You PP have created a CRISIS!
That's so kind of you considering you are only working 12 days this month???!!!
!st priority should be #Impeach!  How much longer can America withstand his madness.  U, GOP enable, condone. #VoteNoGOP
There was water on both sides.

#allCitiesMatter
What about DACA? There should be FOUR on your list!
Is this suppose to reassure us ur doing what r getting pd to do? It DOESN'T. Ur complicity in DJT's lunacy is shameful-when's enough enough?
You will never learn, always business as usual, Pass Tax cuts, where is health insurance relief, NEVER any help for the middle class workers
Small business owners are hurting because of your inaction, PASS TAX CUTS REPEAL AND REPLACE , WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU
Let's deport all people who are not born here and START with MAIL ORDER BRIDES such as. Fake First Lady
You'll need to change the channel we need more than that from you
Where is tax reform, immigration reform, and healthcare senator. We the people haven't forgotten your promises. We are waiting to MAGA.
Dear Leader McConnell, HEALTHCARE, HEALTHCARE, HEALTHCARE, please a lot of us need HEALTHCARE.
I agree with priority number one only. 2 should be tax reform and 3 repeal Obamacare.
You disgust me in every way possible.
Your #1 problem is that we have a racist who leaks secrets to the Russians in the Oval Office. Our #1 problem. Stand up for our country.
Fat chance!
You have been very good at leading the #DoNothingCongress  It would be nice to see you accomplish something before Christmas! Maybe retiring
Build the wall, redo and cut taxes, get busy on infrastructure, repeal/replace Obamacare.  Add these 4 to your 3 or get out of congress!
1. Deport the brown kids, 2. Grab unstable dictators by the p$ssy, 3. Don't touch #HurricaneHarvery survivors (gross, germs)
Sharing anything with Trump means a) you're a kiss-ass, and b) you're on the wrong side of history. You will be replaced.
Weird how you stab him in the back every chance you get.
Main thing Congress keep up with all items the president has put before you. Finally work at your job
POTUS I think its time to sit down with Mitch & change the voting rules in the senate so we can get the agenda passed. please read this
Trump now added #4. Congress must fix this. #DefendDREAMers without strings. Do NOT play games by linking to debt ceiling or tax reform.
I hope you share his other priorities as well: repeal OBCare, meaningful tax reform & cuts, build the wall
Whatever happened to health care, tax reform, and the wall?
And the 1 million Americans you are going to deport to countries they have never known?! Don't be a bigot McConnell #legacyforyourkids
Can #4 be remove the idiot from the WH?  Please?  Pretty please?
NO I'm Thinking
American Majority Priorities 
Pass #HurricaneHarvey Relief 
#ImpeachTrump
#ImproveACA
#RestoreEPA
#Science 
Do Voters Will
Mitch couldn't deliver a horse's petoot..Mr. President, don't trust em..
Fund the gov by legalizing marijuana! I know you see all the money from Cali,Colorado,Nevada,and so on think smarter not harder.
@McConnellPress @POTUS maybe you should have passed a full budget bill,instead of this on going default BS.
And who is standing in your way?   Just the other people from your party?
We, the people who pay your salary are NOT amused.  You are being paid for NOTHING.  Frauds.  Lazy bums.
How TF do I pay this bill? Out of work with a knee injury. You should be very ashamed of yourself.
His insurance is supplemented by OUR tax dollars. Yet here I am cannot even get a fuckin pecocet.
Get your head out of your Butt.Get out and talk with Hurting Americans.
NO YOU Don't ....
Yeah, but there’s a, uh, wall between you. How will you get around that? (Please find a way.)
New priority: pass legislation to improve DACA.
You sure it isn't to obstruct the Russian investigation so you both don't spend the rest of your miserable lives in jail?
I know you have to say that 'cause he's watching you... wink, wink, nod, nod
What about DACA?
Pass a quick DACA replacement law like should have been done with last administration. Shut them up.
Wall? Heath care? Tax reform? Tax cuts?
lol wall...right. As to health care, I also hope they keep trying. It already ate through 1/3 of this awful GOP congress.
And act as the racists & bigots that u r, that will be your legacy, little Mitch, u and tRump will have done nothing to make America better
Well I see a lot but I do not see anything that voters voted. Looks more like you are trying to save your bacon 
You are weak and ineffective
glad to see you will go down together
Bailouts bailouts bailouts bailouts bailouts debt debt  debt debt spend spend spend spend borrow borrow borrow borrow
I also hope that you add protecting our dreamers! Don't let them down
Ok but #NotaxCuts4Rich & no fucking wall! U want a wall? Start a go fund me page!
You forgot #4 -- Screw the American people!
And nothing about the terror @potus dished out today.. who are you people?
But where r u on peeing on prostitutes? Cuz that's big for him. If you're new or scared, there's a video you can watch that shows u how.
These are the worst Nazis since Hitler.
Look at these two nasty, vile, reprehensible Racist cowards.
Don't forget shit on anything obama touched
Please pass meaningful immigration reform and keep DACA. Impeach Trump!
Don't forget #TrumpRussia on the "To Do List". Shouldn't that really be #1 priority? #PutinsPuppet #peepeetape #movetomoscow #goptraitors
Notice how all 3 of those "priorities" involve basically writing a check, NOT the complex difficult task of crafting actual laws
What about taxes?
And a passion for BS!
Forget about the wall--a waste of money.  Fix immigration laws and provide a path to citizenship for the Dreamers.
And big fine for the illegal parents that brought them here .
You mean he wants you to assume all the work and risk, while he blames you for anything that goes wrong. We get it now.
And there's no reason you can't turn a DACA bill into law before Christmas. Absolutely none.
One reason- Mitch & @realDonaldTrump are racist, elitist thugs who believe they deserve due to white hue of their skin. Both are disgraces
YA right. Haven't  done much in 7yrs
Okay well two of your  "immediate priorities" should have been accomplished months ago.  You guys are the worst.
Do not allot money for trump's ridiculous wall and have members of congress take pay cuts, live like the rest of America.
Please keep pandering to the racist and his base. #TrumpStink is going to stick. #VoterTurnout @GOP will #ImplodeIn2018
Yes just like Hillary winning in landslide in 2016 
What about #DACA  isn't that a priority for 800,000 , you guys could have this fixed by tomorrow.
You don't have a lot of supporters... don't align yourself with the monster 45- he's a crazy egomaniac. Trying working for ppl not corps.
How about protecting the country from @realDonaldTrump? When will you get the courage to do something about THAT mess???
So I guess the Dreamers are not a priority.
Where is DACA on your list?
Hmm. I see relief. What about taxes, wall, repeal Obamacare?
You'll do whatever Trump saids to do.. for once be a MAN! You work for the people not Trump..
Very true and Trump was voted in via those people .
PASS DACA NOW! YOU ARE THE NUMBER 1 REASON NOTHING HAS BEEN DONE IN CONGRESS IN YEARS! HISTORY WILL NOT BE KIND TO YOU
How about Obamacare-that is a priority.
They tried. Overall GOP leadership was so abysmal they couldn't agree on anything. But please, try again and kill 6 more months!


I've voted for you for the last time. You are absolutely incompetent as majority leader and what have you done for eastern Kentucky coal?
Big surprise...fund the government. How about you do your job and stick to a budget, like citizens are expected to do. You're criminal.
Tax reform? Shut government down!
I'm pretty sure Trump's priorities are 1. Golf 2. Cake (chocolate) 3. Ice cream (2 scoops).
#asshat
You are ineffective as a leader. Please step down.
Birds of a feather flock together!!! 
And you two look so much alike... Bastards!!!
What about #DACA, cause 800k Americans are looking for your leadership right now.
If they where Americans they wouldnt need to look for leadership. They may be Americanized, but they arent citizens.
True they aren't citizens & I can't speak for all Dreamers since I'm not 1, but if you asked, I bet the majority would identify as American.

Lol. Should read help Texas businesses screw the citizens. Please don't default we can't blame Obama. Give money to rich buddies.
@SpeakerRyan So we're suppose to accept 1 out of 3--one for those desperately needing aid & 2 for you to keep doing the nothing you do.
MAGA should be at the TOP of that list! @POTUS
You positioned yourself well to kiss his butt
How about the last list of priorities? Finished?
You are a partisan hack and the ultimate poster child for term limits.
Everything the same BC U HAVE NOT PASSED ANYTHING!! Hapless. U have all 3 branches but too cowardly to pass POTUS' agenda. Shameful!
Where in hell is TAX REFORM Mealy Mouth?
Wish I lived in Ky. I'd vote your ass out.
And just say no to the #fuckingwall
We the people aren't worrying about funding the government Mitch. We are more worried about you undermining our PREZ agenda! Don't do it!
Tax cut for rich
Three priorities? Where the hell have you been?  Oh that's right you were on 5 weeks vacation.  U 4got, healthcare,tax reform, the wall, etc
Sure! You have the experience to handle it! Just repeat everything you did for the people hurt by Sandy! #hypocrite #liar
Did you tell him that because as far as America can see 45 is still on an all Nazi sympathizer plan
Sorry, you are looking at the wrong party and members .
BS... the GOP Senate is a Joke and Dems  disgusting. Do what America voted for kill Obama Care, secure boarder eleminate tax code grow balls
Don't forget DACA. I'm sure that's on your list too. Trump tweeted today that you need to get on that.
