Dude, you are apparently ok w/ a Russian puppet being President of the United States. That doesn't hurt Americans everyday? Wake the F up.
That reset button made him a puppet. 20 % of Americas uranium sold to Russia. Tell vladameer that I have more leniency after the election.
Read up on your puppets. Russia donates hundreds of millions to Clinton campaign. Yep he's in it with president trump. I see it too.
Clearly all you loons wish that Hillary would have won, because none of you can stop talking about her. It's weird.
Clearly we want her in prison where she belongs. With bill and Barry Hussein. Keep up your good work. You are why the left is falling hard.
Falling?
Failing and falling. You can use both.
(Or, like most Trumpets, you can't spell to save your life.)
They don't want any insurance. Just Medicaid and Medicare. Government dependancy for all. Is there finish line
Yes. Medicare for all. Do it!
I am for giving all my money I worked for too someone who has done nothing. Sure thing
Guess Jesus should have collected from all those deadbeats he healed. Healthcare is not something you earn, sort of like Salvation that way.
Jesus said to give the church 10% of your income. It will be multiplied 10x. He didn't say give all your money to those who do nothing.
The government said that.
The 10% was an Old Testament practice. Jesus said to feed the widows and orphans, heal the sick, leave everything and follow me.
Most early Christians lived a communal existence. Prosperity doctrine didn't come along until 1000 AD or so. Has nothing to do with Jesus.
So pass a law that says all insurance corporations must offer the same coverage in all states.
By the looks of these replies, sounds like there's more Obamacare insurers in KY than you have supporters. Are you listening, Mitch??
PASS HEALTH CARE THAT ALLOWS FREEDOM..TAX FREE HEALTH ACCOUNTS, ANY INSURER, ANY DR.ANY HOSPITAL,POOLS OF PEOPLE 

GET RID OF MONOPOLIES!!!
Please don't the senate recess until we have a good healthcare replacement bill.
Mitch would rather we be ok with tax cuts for the rich and 24 million people losing insurance...Oh hell no.
One insurer is better than none at all!!!
PPO r getting rich off of Obamacare people high premiums & deductibles pay premiums can't afford to use it till your dying and then to late
sure the dems are ok with it; they only care about themselves. When in the past 8 years have they cared about us? God speed
We the People, 84% Voted TRUMP; don't want Garland. FBI DIR. MUST BE A JUDEO-CHRISTIAN CONSERVATIVE! SWAMP MUST BE DRAINED;Dems-Treasonous
And what are YOU doing to help your constituents?  By labeling everything a pre-existing condition?  #SinglePayer
We're not okay with you sabotaging us for the benefit of the 1%.
You want less drama in the WH- do your f*cking job and IMPEACH! Or are you also a colluding traitor? Guess we will know when FBI arrests. 
Are you kidding me? This is what you're focused on? Are you OK with #GOP #POTUS treason?
Mitch your constituents need to initiate your Recall! U clearly are not working in their best interest.  U r 4 against democracy!
Srsly! This is what you want to talk about? The WH is a mess and you want to continue this bullshit! You really have to go.
Medicare for all is the answer, but your corporate masters won't allow it. Why not come over to the side of good, senator? #MedicareForAll
Because Republicans are sabotaging and threatening it instead of trying to improve it and help people. ACA brought more coverage to KY.
Could have been improved years ago but Gop obstructed for eight years. Liars and theives whose agenda is your careers, power and money
This is an EPIC LEADERSHIP FAILURE on your part McConnell! You sir are only in it to benefit yourself not the people you represent!
@JoeNBC @SenSchumer Which is GOP fault. You would not work with the Dem's to improve it and you blocked everything. That is the Truth.
Maybe it's because you are to busy lining your pockets instead of taking care of the people you are supposed to represent! Poor leadership!
Are you serious???  U tweet about this but not trump? How much did u get from Russians to stay silent about the collapse happening now?
I think everyone is a little worried about a @SenateMajLdr who appears to be in cahoots with a criminal president.
20 million welfare people covered for free on Obamacare vs millions more working Americans who lost 40 hour work week! Alinsky Dems HATE USA
Get off the pedestal and take action against Comrade Trump.
You don't give a shit about Americans.  IMPEACHMENT now.
And u'r okay with @POTUS attempted obstruction of FBI investigation?
Of course not.  We need Single Payer.  HELLO: we already have the template w/ Medicare.  Let's just do MEDICARE FOR ALL! Will also save $$$!
Having only one insurance choice doesn't hurt; having no access to affordable healthcare is what hurts-and kills-people.
Fix it, not take it away. $0.25 gasoline for health care and eliminate earned income and if anyone on government health pay 1%of income
WHY DON'T YOU GET OFF YOUR HORSE AND FIX IT...OH, BECAUSE YOU DON'T CARE...I FORGOT
Mitch, if anyone thought for a second you gave a damn about average Americans, your tweet wouldn't be so ridiculous. #shill
We are not ok with your continued manipulations and lies!
@McConnellPress do something about mr.president. He will bring the Republican party down
No government program is without flaws but that doesn't redeem your desire to take health care away from millions. Sad.
Since you all get free health care you basically gave the poor weak and infirm the middle finger  and told the them to go f*** themselves
You and our cronies had 8 years to " "come up with a better plan" instead     You all sat on your hands
Insurance companies will be even more emboldened to screw Americans under your industry-giveaway plan. Because they own you, Turtle-boy.
Do what's right and enact single payer healthcare now. While you are doing right, Impeach Trump and get to the truth about Russian hacking.
How much are the insurance companies paying you?
Mitch never tweets so you know the reflub Senate is melting down because they cannot repeal Obamacare without Democrats. 2018 vote carnage
We're seeing our country wrecked by an unfit president & his cabinet. DO SOMETHING. #comeymemo #trumprussia #CountryOverParty #dosomething.
Do you mean that insurers are smart enough not to insure people that are sure to get the black lung?
Obama asked you repeatedly to help fix it, but you were determined not to give him any victory. You poisoned the well.
Your lack of support and direct attacks on President Trump support Democrats
Then do something about it
Are you ok with the idiot-in-chief giving away secret info to the Russians??
I mean, you LOVE that nutjob president and it's only be about power b/c it has nothing to do with what is right for KY, right? That's clear.
So, I wish your challenger luck and will donate to them. You lack a moral backbone but spend a lot of time casting stones.  Except for Trump
In summary, you don't give a crap about KY. If you did you would do EVERYTHING differently. Instead you focus on stealing their healthcare
It's hard to know why you don't care about poor people given that you represent among the poorest in the country. Do they realize that?
I mean, you couldn't care less about them. You are SO focused on helping the rich all the while KY withers. Good to know
It's like you ignore your constituents for power and have forgotten all about them. They also have some of the worst schools in the US
Now that you bring this up, KY has the 2 poorest counties in the US and you want to give tax cuts to billionaires and take away Medicaid
I would say Kentucky failed
Nice job,  glad I don't live in Kentucky
UNTIL A GOP GOV WAS VOTED IN THEY HAD ONE OF BEST PLANS UNDER ACA!
Yes, it's called single payer health insurance. Can we have it please?
I only want what you have.  Tax payer funded single payer health care
BECAUSE OF YOU HYPOCRITE GO F@(K YOURSELF
If it failed it's because you and your cronies gutted it to make it fail. Fix it back and stop waist if time. Damn you're useless.
You're an enabler, plain & simple #FailedLeader A #Hypocrite to boot
Great distraction #puppet
Anyone else notice there wasn't an Annual Increase like with the other States? That's because Kentucky expanded Medicare.
You own it now, so fix it.
And when U're done 49% of Kentuckians won't have insurance. To the dumbdumbs who elected U again, elections have consequences, goodbye feet!
You're one of the top 5 wealthiest ppl in your state Mitch! Take a pay cut & #healthcare wouldn't be an issue in the #Bluegrass! #DitchMitch
GET OFF YOUR BUTT AND PASS HOUSE BILL
Insurance companies are blackmailing the citizens of American, and you are supporting it.
You're the reason there's only one comrade. Be proud of you're obstructionist behavior, it in part got Pres. Obama reelected.
They had no insurance before because premiums were 2 high. You want 2 go back 2 those good old days?  Increases were just as big or bigger
You know damn well they are not. Have been saying fixes needed no matter how many times you shift the blame.
What the poor need is more choice of insurance companies they can't afford. They don't have $1000 a month 2 pay 4 premiums when ACA is gone.
Tax break to the wealthy who more than likely contributed to their health issues like your step father selling 90lbs of cocaine 2018 soon
Fixing laws. Every body knew there are Flaws. Now you want people to not have pre-existing conditions to pay and outrageous cost and give a
The only reason it is failing is be cause of Republican controlled congress. Freedom party wanted total repeal in steadind of rebewing and
REPEAL, REPEAL OBUMERCARE MEANS REPEAL OBUMERCARE, CONSTITUTION DOESN'T COVER HC, REPEAL OBUMERCARE MEANS REPEAL, PERIOD!
One affordable insurer held to the standard of offering valuable policies. You are not fooling anyone with your BS outrage. #GTH
And there's 50 people in those counties needing health insurance
#Kentucky can't have 2020 soon enough! Under 33 years of your failed #senate, poverty increased, median income -, opioid use + #TermLimits
Let's see how the ordinary folks of your great state get by with the plan you are trying to scrape together.
GOP keeps letting components of ACA expire, how is it not supposed to fail???
Right now Dems worrying on a POTUS that leaks to the Russians... Crazy that there may be a bigger fish to fry than ACA...but there it is :(
Yeah but it covers turtle shell maladies
Y are you ok with repealing ins for 24M Americans? Rate hikes on older ppl?
Don't let insurance companies leave the state? Then here's competition which drives prices down. Do I really need to explain capitalism?
Are you OK with the actions you took to destroy the #ACA? You made this situation with your unwillingness to serve.
you wreck your own state (and others) and blame it on Obama...  One Term President.....
Statistics demonstrate how people have greatly benefitted from the ACA, but your racist ways cause you to hate anything created by black men
One insurer at a manageable price is better than 100 insurers all far outside your price range
McConnell, the obstructionist, now concerned with #Kentucky #healthcare after defending #ACA . Single payer, Mitch
Because you wouldn't support it
@SenateMajLdr is no leader
If it was up to you, #Kentucky residents would have no health insurance. Why do you hate the people you represent?
Republican Governors, did not take up the ACA and GOP downed the Healthcare law  ,continue to do so. That hurts us all.

Never had one
And no state exchange...
You've destroyed your state. One of the worst states in education & income. KY population biggest welfare & food stamp recipients. Nice job!
LIES: 
You/your party intentionally sabotaged & blocked any POB legislation on ACA. 
UR desire to not fix ACA so can get from INS is evil
Your loyalty is to Pharmacy/INS b/c u take their 
If you all think Rep. care abt you or whether u live or die--think again.
They r encouraging INS co 2pull out/sabotage ACA. Then can come up w/plan'4 their benefit. Ins co deny cancer treatment even if u pay.
How about we catch up to the rest of 21st century civilized world and have single payer care. Of course not, you won't give up your bribes.
Haha! What about all your constituents who got insurance for the first time ever thanks to the Medicaid expansion in KY, under the ACA?
Senators and congress only have one insurer! 
Where's the drama? Where's the outrage?
You could have made some minor fixes and saved the ACA: MUCH better than any GOP (for the rich) plan that will kill many Americans.
You lying turtle. You have done everything possible for years to harm the ACA. Admit to Americans you don't want them to have health care.
Can you provide the data to support this statement?
So what is Kentucky doing wrong that other states got right?
Then why did the Republikans defund the ACA? That's the question you dirty money, Russian conspirator, Can't wait for the GOP RICO charges
IF I lived in Kentucky, I would have expected that you would have used the last 8 yr to help improve ACA, rather than squawk and do nothing!
The same way you are OK with lying to the American people every single day you've been in the senate? #winteriscoming #KarenRebels
Are republicans ok with a president that is hurting Americans everyday?
The #dirtydems will happily take whatever comes their way as long as they can blame the republicans
You should read their plan before getting too dramatic about Obamacare failing.
Get rid of all insurance companies and have single payer for all
Democrats only care about what benefits them! Keep voting No for every democrat.Lets keep our house Republican 
Is the GOP ok with ruining millions of lives just so their rich friends get richer?
Are you ok with the president committing treason? Is that not hurting Americans? What will you do about it? You're going away too
what do you plan to do to help? Take away their insurance?
Apparently you are against Single Payer health care like they have in England, Australia, Canada which your dearest president prefers also.
Only because of what the House did.
#ICYMI - the problems with the #aca lay at the feet of all @GOP who refused to work with @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats to make it better.
Read Divid Brooks article then do something, please!!!!
FYI in California my area Doctors WONT accept Obamacare Useless insurance!! Get rid of it!
Are Republicans ok with that
Nearly 100% of GOP has sold out America,  you lettuce eating gal
You killed it! You fix it
At least they have something.  Trumpcare will take that one insurer away.  Then they'll have none.
And you can't afford what they are selling!
You've got a majority in both houses - stop complaining and fix it.
Fix it Mitch! #publicoption #SinglePayer And while you're at it #impeach traitor @potus before he gives up more Nat Sec intel to Putin!
why don't you worry about what Trumps telling  Russia about our secrets quit defending the dictator
that's because you keep talking about defunding it & undermining it in hopes it will fail. Your plan is no plan but a tax cut for very rich
Take your health care plan and shove it. Impeach Trump.
How many will there be without Obamacare?
The ACA is failing because YOU @GOP refuse to give it the financial support it needs. #AHCAsucks #GreedOverPeople
Opps
KY was an ACA success story until Bevin came along and sabotaged it. You don't care about the people. #DrainTheSwamp means YOU McConnell.
Blah, blah, blah!!! Take action & remove the TRAITOR from office!  You will be judged!  COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY!   #Shameful
Just so that you and other rich, heartless bastards like Paul Ryan can get richer, along with other rich people with no hearts.
We also want our children to die if they have a serious illness.
No we want to die needlessly and lose our homes because we don't have health care.
And what did you do for your constituents to try to improve that over these past 7 years???? Nothing? I thought so.
No we're not but you haven't offered a BETTER solution for average Americans.

U need to answer why U have failed them Mitch.
I was educated in the US public school system, so I'm not great at math but...  I think 1 is greater than 0.
