So many things need to be changed. A miner only matters when he is producing coal. When he dies underground the widow has a battle to fight.
Yet you will throw everyone else under a big yellow(orange)  bus!  I just hope you are not lying to the Miners. Retire!
You're as bad as Trump in this tweet! Do your constitutional duty investigate #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
That's nice.  Too bad you won't do the same for everyone else.
Coal is dead!  And it harms workers!  Walk into 2017 and help former coal miners retrain for jobs of the future, not the past. #CleanEnergy
Because coalminers and their families are giving up lives/health to have a horrific job to go to.  #almightydollar
All Americans deserve Health Care. Not just coal miners.
Do the miners a favor and re-train them in sustainable energy jobs. Look to the future. Do not desperately grasp at the past. Geeze.
Then don't repeal Obamacare...mine workers need the protection of pre-existing conditions.
Please do fight for their healthcare their industry is not coming back because of cheap natural Gas you can't be that stupid
So #healthcare should cover some pre-existing conditions and not others?  Shame on you!
If you weren't from a coal mining state you wouldn't give a shit. And Trump care?  It's set to throw millions off health care.  U R 4 it!
Business trumps breathing and clean air and water afterall.  Some day the importance of  climate change/our role will suddenly strike you.
LOL U r praying that they die b4 u actually have 2 do something 2 benefit 4 a person who is not a billionaire. Shallow, hollow, sad!
but you're fighting to get rid of the protection for preexisting conditions. such as "being a coal miner"
You evil, evil man.  Quit playing with these peoples' lives with your lies!
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr we had health care before you started your repeal of ACA! Fix ACA!
RETRAIN coal workers in clean energy skills i.e. Build install repair maintain WIND MILLS SOLAR PANELS HYBRID VEH
Fight for everyone's healthcare
Except you really don't
Get the the training they need for 21st century jobs. Coal is dying, like it or not
Sounds like an endorsement for Obamacare!
You do realize that Kentucky has about 10x as many people working in retail as in coal?
You need to fight for alternative jobs that can move Ky forward. To help miners find jobs that won't put their lives at risk. #coalisdead.
Bwahahahaha!  fight??  YOU fight for somone?? YOU??? BWahahahahahaha.
you sold out the miners long ago, you walking turkey waddle.
In a stunning reversal! Actually not so stunning for you, since you, are capable of so many dastardly deeds!!
Encouraging them all to stay in a profession which will cause black lung disease. Good for you
You fight for no one except your GREED and POWER.   You need to leave. #sad
Not if you support #TrumpCare. Dope.
Medicare for all!
I will continue to fight for your removal!
Why do you care so much about a dead industry when there are real problems to be fixed?
cutting their benefits is an odd way to achieve this goal
lets bring back the steam engine too
I will continue to fight to have you removed from the Senate!
When do you plan on telling coal miners their business is going away. Try providing them the truth and training for new jobs for futures
Do you realize how contradictory this is??
Meanwhile.......#Trumpcare #irony
Bull, you will continue to fight for your corporate masters, you hypocrite.
Please answer why. Why does a special subset of Americans, who are not vets, get any sort of guaranteed healthcare? Why not ALL of us?
@KazmierskiR @MineWorkers Will you abandon the whole RINO thing?
Fight for clean energy and retraining of coal miners
Retire
Fight is not a guarantee you can say oh I tried. Keep our current health care plan so that miners keep their health care
why not just crawl into a cave, mitch?
Sorry @MineWorkers, you can't trust mcconnell,
or the folks that used to own the mines.
#resist
I'm happy to hear this.  What about the rest of us?
sounds fine. what about the future?
LMAO!
How do you do this every day?
Meaning: I will continue to fight for those that contribute to my campaign and screwing everybody else.
How about the rest of us, too?
You should help them fine new careers - spend money on training and truly help them
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
But you won't fight to fund the wall.Instead you fund planned parenthood, and healthcare-? What? That's socialism !
WE WANT A SPECIAL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION INTO RUSSIA & TRUMP COLLUSION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
But you and @SpeakerRyan @GOP will not fight for the rest of Americans with pre-existing conditions, you are complicit.
it takes 7 people, a year to tear down a mountain for its coal. no mining done,... REALITY & there is no such thing as CLEAN COAL!
Good for you.  After your wife lowered safety regs.  Cause a problem and then fix it. Perfect.
LOL
Good for the miners, now what about the rest of the workers, retired or active?
Pre-existing conditions do need to stay in AHCA especially for those who work in jobs containing hazards materials!
Since you've admitted coal isn't coming back, why aren't you investing in education in Eastern Ky and technology training?
And it better not be the pathetic Obamacare lite, that bill needs to Vanish! Wisdom comes when you have faith to let go to move forward!
By the way there are about 50,000 miners in our county but other millions without coverage. What do u tell them? Why are miners special?
You should at least secure their healthcare because those Trumpets are going to have heart attacks when they realize coal mining is dead.
And yet, you seem to be against healthcare for everyone...typical political games by the GOP
How's the family business doing any drug busts lately?
agree to fighting for healthcare benefits but maybe would help to get them out of mines! Build wind farms!
Suggest you don't cut Medicaid then.
We will continue to fight for investigation into Russia, China and your own corruption.No one believes you because you are complicit.
Glad to see you finally supporting workers' unions like UMW.
No you won't.
Men without integrity wisdom compassion plus liars are unacceptable untrustworthy leaders
Yeah ok
Shutdown Democrats. We will NOT fund OCare insurance bail out or PuertoRico bail out. Do your job. Retweet POTUS
He'll fight for you in view, but behind your backs he's already stopped caring about you. The proof will be if #ACA is repealed.
#saveACA
Keep pandering Mitchypoo. Coal is dead. Everybody knows that. If you cared about workers, you'd fund wind and solar. But you don't.
How about working harder & bring in new industry/business & re-train minners. Get out of your greedy little box Mitch. Coal is not viable
But this is good, right?
So dont kill obamacare. Fix obamacare
Big Coal funneling big dollars to you still Sparky? When that revenue stream dries up, what next? Russian Vodka futures?
fight for all Americans to have health benefitsl #Singlepayer
#healthcare #coal #MineWorkers
you do that mitch. miners with black lung and ones in collapsed mines will sure appreciate that
More people work for Arby's than work in the coal sector @SenateMajLdr - How about getting service industry workers more pay?
Needs more nuclear. Or thorium.
Under your idiotic healthcare plan Kentucky coal miners would never B covered 4 preexisting conditions.they all have pre-existing conditions
For you to "bark,bark,bark" about YOUR SUDDEN interest in YOUR COAL MINERS health and insurance. Safe to say YOUR VOTERS R TIRED OF YOUR BS!
How much money is the coal industry throwing at you?
You should.
Just stop fighting for coal mining!!
Coal mining is bad for the environment and a worse source of energy.

There are so many better sources of energy today.
Ryan has said we don't want China to set world economic policy, but they are investing a lot of Green Energy.
This is economics!
Invest in the future, not in the past.
Get the coal miners healthcare.
Then give them jobs in Green Energy or technology.
No way, stand up like a man and tell them it's going away. I hope it costs it you votes.
Fight for retirement instead. You're enabling a maniac. Sure you'll be re-elected. Your base knows nothing.
DO MORE THAN FIGHT!!! PLEASE
GET THE JOB DONE ALREADY!!!! #MAGA
Maybe try getting rid of coal mines. Those seem to be a primary driver of health issues for coal miners.
