economic heartache is right. Us blue staters are tired of sending our hard earned tax dollars to broke ass red states
Dear Lord, the truth takes a beating with you.  One of the longest job recoveries ever.
the last 8 years are because of the GOP do not let Obama do anything do you really think people are stupid
no one is buying the crap you're selling except for the ignorant, and they are few.  Remember that.
I'm confused, are Republicans against GDP growth and reduced unemployment now? Because that would explain a lot.
McConnell,when is ur term up?Keep confirming ppl Americans don't want&you'll never be back. Do your job,ppl b4 party
Like women in congress? Your blind indecency knows no bounds you are #badforourcountry
Mitch, this dog don't hunt. You pissed away any respect with your Warren performance.
Your evil is only second to Trump. The day you leave office will be a breath of fresh air.
if I lived in Kentucky I would be at your office wanting answers you showed how you treat woman
Who are you unconscionable baboons kidding? Please just take a short walk off a tall pier! #Liar #YouAllNeedToBeFired
.@SenateMajLdr @SenatorSessions 
Nevertheless, she persisted.
Some pair of balls you have. Now is our time to make your Senate life a nightmare. Chief obstructionist for 8 yrs.
I think you mean last 8yrs of economic growth and job creation!?
there has been no economic heartbreak... but there will be with you asshats running things.
it is disgraceful that you republicans are allowing  & accepting while our country is being run by a lunatic.
The Senate needs to do what you did the last 8 years - NOTHING!
Obama brought us out of financial destruction that your party caused.
if confirmed right back in economic mess since noms are all billionaires! We see you, we're not blind or stupid.
your blind support for this dangerous administration will be remembered ...
call in chucky & tell him in hardball terms if don't u stop try destroy r nominees will run every thing 51 % votes
The economy is up, unemployment down, and people have health insurance. Do you want to be the party that breaks that?
What a disgusting swamp cabinet of corporate .1% types
The private sector controls Washington.
Start fighting for us
The economy was actually OK. You & your cronies are trying to negate the Constitution and are supporting a madman.
traitor
U have been warned Sen McConnell listen to the American people, not 2 billionaires like Betsy DeVos, Erik Prince.
you are a balless wore and what you did to Elizabeth Warren shows what you think of woman
you are the biggest Wiennie I have ever seen I hope the people of Kentucky vote you out
you are a worm and I hope Kentucky people vote you out what a balless worm
YOU are the heartache!  You put down women and you are a chicken!
more Alt facts from mcConell.  Obama saved our economy after 2008 crisis with no help from obstructing GOP
Turkey Neck McConnell- you have a poor memory- you obstructed all legislation for last 8 yrs
Hou are a bigot so be brave enough to own it! Reverse 8 years is code from establish more white Christian power.
THE GOP BETTER START BEING AS FIERCE AS TRUMP!! WE ARE SICK OF THIS!
Hurry up and get ur wife confirmed Shameless Cheat and get 1 million $$$. Share about that liar!
what?  In 2008 I witnessed engineers being laid off. Now we are hiring. What reality are you living in?
I think you mean 8 years of obstructionism by bitter old southern white men.
@SenateMajLdr said it best "it is the constitutional right of the senate to delay this process..."
please cite reputable sources for your 'heartaches' from the last 8 years.
Um... You do realize that the low gas prices progress for ALL people, and the lowest debt in years was under Obama? #Truth
, please don't be so rude.
Let people remember UR hypocrisy in 2018...+ UR support of Putin's crimes via Trump

8 years U republicans sabotaged by being racist & reject everything President Obama put forward. Your own words then
WHAT A HYPOCRITE! You did NOT confirm the @POTUS nominee! Block every trump nominee for 4 years!
Hey Mitch, can you and all your buddies just stop being so evil? Yeah thanks.
I didn't see economic heartache. Get over yourself and living life on the Party Line. Listen to the people.
stop putting racist extremists in the the cabinet. Majority of Americans voted for a moderate government
So the current nominees can reverse progress. They do not know the ropes a ALL!
heartache of regulation that protects consumers from dishonest fin advisors, wall street & big bank? #CorruptMitch
MM DOESN'T CARE ABOUT KENTUCKY AND THINKS WOMEN SHOULD SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP. #letlizspeak #resist
RULE 19 IMPROPERLY USED. WARREN SAID SESSIONS USED POWER OF HIS OFFICE AS US ATTY NOT SEN. TO CHILL VOTE #letlizspeak
RULE 19 ONLY APPLIES TO ACTIONS AS A SENATOR+DOESN'T APPLY WHEN DEBATE OVER SENATOR'S CABINET APP. TO AG #letlizspeak
8yrs you've promised better than obamacare 8yrs of repeal votes. POTUS, #Senate #House & u can't deliver on it. Sad
But the last 8 years have been pretty good.
Gunny how you didn't think that way when you were Senator for Clinton and Obama! Lying Hypocrite!
yes keep trump train moving USA in right direction fixing horrendous democrat economy
@RNC what happened to RNC support of States Rights.  Oh just RNC led States Rights...crickets...i thought so!
Gorsuch is Scalia's ideological twin brother. Don't believe fake Vietnam vet @SenBlumenthal story! Lies and lies!
The last 8 years were great! Thank
Pres. Obama for saving our economy
oregon California and Washington are doing great. Must be the states. #fuckyougarbageface
by the way, if you happen to chance upon @SenToomey tell him his constituents are looking for him. He must be hiding.
If he would proffer less egregious candidates, I'm sure the process would go quicker.
yay we gotta hurry up and destroy the Earth before your re election loss COAL LOVER
yeah..like DeVos. Were you even there the day they exposed her incompetence? Grizzly bears?Really? Give me a break!
The heartache of low unemployment & wage growth? 
#HypocriteMitch
yes..tripling of the stock market, consecutive weeks of private sector job growth, gas around $2.30.No help from you!
. @McConnellPress @POTUS #youdumbfucks Remember 2008? Economy crashed. Any heartache since then due to the obstructions of the right.
@SenateMajLdr and the elected officials have an obligation to investigate putin ties to trump.  Rise up, RESIST.
You are a liar.  Much progress has been made in the past 8 years after the Wall St. disaster you are responsible for.

"Nice"...both traitors to US interest posing in front of a racist flag from the period of slavery...
?? Do you think we're that stupid?  Now is your chance to make life better for the oligarchs you represent.  We know.
Mr. Majority Leader - YOU ARE IN CHARGE!  At least, Harry Reid would have NEVER put up this type of nonsense!
you mean increased job growth growing economy coming out of a GOP caused recession?
where's Merrick Garland? @SenateGOP  alt-right extremist Republican Party.
Uh..Mitch, have you seen the markets lately? 135% increase since 2009 isn't "economic heartache".
