Funny you say that considering Obama added it to the aca years ago.  You deserve 0 credit. #Obamacare
Thanks to Democrats.
That's the great that you pretend to care! How long do you expect coal miners jobs to exist due to growing renewable-energy industry?
KILL OBAMA CARE AND DON'T REPLACE!!!
U had years to do this ... what took some long!

You and @SpeakerRyan still salty Obama beat you twice. And you take it out on us by taking away our health care. How do you sleep?
How about everyone else?
But ur faithful leader @POTUS doesn't like it lol. Oh and that took long! Already wanting to change the senate rules again. #CANTlead #Fail
Senator this bill is as if we didn't win all three houses. You should be ashamed.
WTF? Everybody wants a freebie now ? Look at these ppl begging for handouts. Keep voting demoncrap they've done so much for inner cities.
Wow the only thing u can say is this protects healthcare for miners?What do the rest of us get 4 voting 4 GOP majority ? U r terrible @ this
What are@you@going to do about their promised Pensions. Why is GOP@dragging feet and blocking on that promise made by the government?
But not the rest of Americans. McConnell, please know your limitations. You will END badly in this life or whatever follows.
Protect their benefits by jacking their premiums sky high? They'll have benefits as long as they can afford their premiums
I hope this bill helps everyone
Miners are like snail darters
Don't retired coal miners get Medicare? What about other hard working Americans who can't afford their healthcare?
but can folks still kill babies on my dime? Can they keep illegals safe with my money? Can they cross illegally into US because of no wall
Yup...the Democrats way
Looks like our govt has turned into a Union full of lazy ppl wanting everything as long as someone else is paying 4 it.  God help us.
#FAIL
Can you make mine permanent too?
Something the democrats had to basically beg for. The GOP much rather see people die.
Why just coal miners? Why not all Americans?
Aren't you the humanitarian; but as you speak health care for millions more is at stake;
Merrick Garland
In other words: bail out Porto Rico, fund murdering pph, fund sanctuary cities, no wall, half money asked to border patrol&military.
I want to see you pull the Republican part together &back our President in unity!I want you too pull together the Dems to back our President
^^^^^bot. Block it.^^^^
And I am not proud it still pays tax dollars to Planned Parenthood. What happened to the Trump and GOP promise??
Coal companies that have made billions off of their workers should be totally responsible for continued health care, not the government.
McConnell supports Keeping ACA for himself and Deathcare plan for Citizens 
VOTE MCCONNELL OUT
Wonderful. Now do that for all Americans.
Many Americans not finding jobs because YOU fund Obamacare! SHAME ON YOU!
Why is it right to do this but not protect healthcare for the rest of the country?
Wonder why no media coverage on this
But screw the elderly and disabled. They don't need to eat or companionship #MealsonWheels #eugenics
I find that unlikely at best. I'd like you to share the content of said plan with us all instead of just lying about it to is
what about the rest of us with per existing conditions, you would throw us to the insurance company wolves.
Damn you still around ?
Train them how to use computers and give them new jobs that matter
Great news!!! Now get the same thing done for the rest of US.
Why not help the ACA then? It's way better than what you propose.
We want Medicare for all not insurance we can't afford
BS!
I think following you on twitter is like reading fairy tales. All stories.
Unless they have preexisting conditions..... Like black lung.
What about the rest of us ?
And Planned Parenthood got funded again. Republican cowards and RINOs
wait till they see how much it's going to cost them they will probably have to work two jobs
You're worthless. No repeal. No Wall. Still funding Planned Parenthood.  #GOPe #RINO
All Americans deserve healthcare to be permanent #universalhealthcareforall
Liar
you only care about coal workers? What about the rest of America and keeping ACA?
Great! Now what about the WALL that Americans voted For? Don't be a HYPOCRITE like RYAN!
You LIE!  What about #mineworkers who are sick? #Cancer #Diabetes #MS #Pulmonary You think they should pay MORE!  #Truth #DoYourJob
Stop tweeting bullshit
how about the rest of us?
Coal mine workers...help them find other jobs. We have all had to do that in our careers. What is the deal?  No one cared about me.

Don't. You. Believe. It.
Why?! Why does a special subset of regular Americans (who aren't veterans) get guaranteed healthcare?!!! Then we ALL should. DISGUSTING
Hope you're in favor of giving 'em even a fraction of what you get w/healthcare benefits; both are government funded #Hypocrite #Trumprussia
How about for the rest of us who've worked long, full careers in non-profit field? Struggling mamas on disability? Food service?
But takes away care for ACTIVE miners.
Don't be deceived, Kentucky. You will all be turned away and be forced to pay out of pocket. Stop the bleeding, replace the #turtle
You're going to jail. #PrisonMitch #RussianMoneyLaundering 
#TrumpRussia 
First thing u done good in the past 8 years
But women and people with pre-existing conditions are SOL, right?!  BTW, it's 2017. You might want to catch up.
Fool where is Trump agenda?
Did you cave and take over retiree Healthcare for profitable companies? How better to reward your rich patrons.
You are kicking millions off of healthcare!!
What about retired  @fastfoodworkers, @taxidrivers, @daycareworkers, @daylaborers and EVERYBODY?
Exactly!! Thanks for posting that. So many forgotten Americans.
You're disgusting
So you're saying if I want to live I should change careers and become a coal miner? Because you're about to fuck over everyone ese.
His tweet is carefully worded to only mention retired miners. Current/future miners will probably be screwed.
But you want to take away healthcare from other Americans?  Hypocrite.
No. They want to take everything away from FREELOADERS who can get their ass to WORK!!!
NO FUNDS FOR PLANNED PARENTHOOD!

INCLUDE MONEY FOR THE WALL IN THE BUDGET!
If that is what u wanted all along, u should have said so. Democrats would have given u the that in exchange 4 not blowing up Congress
How about you get your ass going on the Wall also ?
Hey Mitch! What are you doing to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns and killing 49 people?
U didn't do anything u cheap ? Sherrod Brown got the benefits 4 miners.
Thanks Dems for looking out for the people instead of your own self interests, big business and the wealthy like the GOP try to do.
SELFISH GREEDY HYPOCRITE
You guys are doing a great job letting the left still control power in Washington! Well done!
ACA was already doing that!!
BS. ACA is useless with high deductibles and premiums.
One good thing McConnell....what else? Looks like you caved again to me. Support Trump & promises! Ridiculous!
Today's BORDER WALL CONSTRUCTION UPDATE: Miles completed yesterday-- Zero; Miles completed since Inauguration--Zero. NEXT UPDATE TOMORROW.
Get back to us when you do the tough stuff like cut taxes for middle class and health care for all!  Oh that takes guts & hard work!
Guess the miners got ahead with their complaints last week on TV

Chances of MSM reinterviewing them?

Zilch
Hey mcconnell!! Thousands you say... we are talking protecting millions in our country not just your little horse racing state!!
Will you please be a Leader and fight for the conservative movement.  We need more PR...not crickets...get with it
So, are we paying, picking up the tab from the actual companies that employed them and are making millions? Cause that is dumb.
My life might not be as important as a coal miner's life, but I'd kinda like to keep my insurance and live, too.
yes while you& the other Republicians hang everyone else out to dry, with no repeal&replace no border wall
Great! U must do the same 4 ALL AMERICANS. We shld not have 2 fight our gov't 2 ensure it takes care of its citizens. This shld b a given!!
Leftist leaches always wanting others to pay for shit they think they deserve....LOSERS !
You caved like the weak leader you are.
DO YOUR JOB AND BACK OUR #POTUS OR YOU WILL BE REPLACED..
Cuz remember, refusing to promote and advocate for the expansion of the green energy sector, coal miners have 0 health risks due to job.
you screwed the president
What about the rest of us or do you not care
But you refused to do it under Obama because you are petty and small.  #ditchmitch
what about people on medicaid, how will the the republican healthcare plan protect them?
Wouldn't you feel better gutting them like you want to?
Go on, show them your true colors

Provide 21st century job skills for miners!
SUPPORT OUR @potus!!!!!
We want a wall!!! We ALL deserve protection! Get on it!
Does this mean you will be protecting the #healthcare benefits of veterans and other retired workers as well? Or just coal miners?
Good job, Mitch. Now you get to focus on the real job: eliminating the health care for million of other people.
Those are his people.  McConnell and the rest of them could care less.
Maybe they will visit you in jail turtle face
Call when you get a healthcare bill for the rest of us that isn't awful.
Who else is being protected besides the small population of coal miners?
HEALTH CARE FOR ALL!!!  #HEALTHCAREISARIGHT #MEDICAREFORALL Federal Taxation DOES NOT FUND Federal Spending! #StopTheDefecitLiesNow
riding on dems coat tails again mitch? You haven't an original bone in your body. Best you can offer is bootleg dem bills. retire sparky..
No thanks to you.  #Traitor
Mitch McConnell: Sad Legacy of Obstruction and Corruption. ,,,,, "Nevertheless she "PERSISTED" Sad, Sad little man
No money for the WALL?  More VISA WORKERS ?  I hope Trump puts the veto pen to it!
Probably won't, since most of those VISA workers are going to work on Trump properties.
no mitch u r taking healthare from them
Republicans have shown they care more about loyalty to a weak and mentally unstable individual than their own principles, or even the law.
It's OK. Obama is gone and Hillary lost. No need to worry.
The GOP should be held responsible for this delusional, vile, and inhuman miscreant holding office today
All while you look to take healthcare from millions of others who rely on the #ACA.
How about the rest of Americans that need insurance? They don't count? Up yours.
How about "Leader" McConnell & tigers in Washington are REQUIRED to be on this plan. #SCUMS #Liars #Greed #TheyDontCare
Why not make this for everyone?
you only care about your donors last time i checked
