With all due respect Senator. "Standing with Puerto Rico" is lovely.  But, can we please send more electrical workers and engineers ASAP!
there are more than 13,500 workers in PR what is PR doing for its self you were broke before you get drivers who have been striking working
Ok,yes, helpful.Thank you. I am sure the People of Puerto Rico who do not have drinking water, nor electricity will appreciate your opinion.
They are working. Perhaps you should go down TO MI ISLA and help instead of criticizing.
Bullshit Mitch you're an underhanded backstabber anyone who believes you is a sucker. You're only loyal to your penis and your stomach… #p2
Get moving! Americans are dying. And all we get is this facade of Republican determination. Words are empty, we judge on outcomes.
no americans are dying in PR the corrupt govenor and Mayors need to get over communism crap and help themselves
.
Don’t just say that!  Please SHOW IT!  And sooner rather than later. Your words don’t equal clean water & FOOD!  
#PuertoRicoStrong
maybe start by passing an aid package. it’s been a month since Maria.
U R ruining the country
If half the island is on welfare that means plenty of able bodied people with nothing to do. Get to work on those power lines people!
Make PRUSA great again!
Statehood is the answer and leave the U.S. military back on the island.

Don't be so naive
Thank you, now WALK THE TALK!
Thank you Leader McConnell, your support for Puerto Rico and all Americans is greatly appreciated.  Have a great weekend..
@jrswrites There's nothing conservative about Puerto Rico's political status | The Hill @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP
https://mobile.twitter.com/JRSwrites/status/939825349155835904 …
@RepRobBishop @repdonyoung @JohnCornyn @SenJohnThune @senrobportman @SenatorEnzi @lisamurkowski 
#INCORPORATE 
@jrswrites “What Puerto Rico needs is not more special treatment, which has grossly failed to promote sustained growth, but having the same set of rules under which the 50 states have prospered.” @POTUS @VP @repkevinbrady @repjenniffer @GOP https://mobile.twitter.com/JRSwrites/status/939823543205924864 … #INCORPORATE
Sadly, unhinged-POTUS doesn’t stand with #PuertoRico
Senator...Thank you!..PR is USA too hope that the US Territory change soon politically to the new state51
"The senate isn't going to lift a finger cuz POTUS said no help to brown people" - McConnell translation
Thank you for your support. The best response is the STATEHOOD for Puerto Rico.We can't have 3.5U.S.citizens traps in a territory any longer
As a Republican, and an American I think it's time to act on the promise the GOP made to Puerto Rico in 2016. Less talk, more action
When do you think you might start helping?
your cowardly cuddling of Trump sickens me, i will never vote for Republicans again, you betray the Party, yourself and USA

It’s been a month! What have you done?
Actions not words! Remove the Jones Act and authorize FEMA to give “full” aid to Puerto Rico immediately! That is a good start. I am waiting
I really hope so
Lies
*yawn* when will they stand with us and start paying some taxes? 
when u make us the 51st state
If you stand with the people of PR, why haven't you respected their will to become a State? The USA in a #Democracy
We really need all the help
LIES!
LIAR
Then #ImpeachAndReplace the #FakePresident #TheKKKPresident and help us all
If u really mean it, pass a bill to exempt PR from the Jones Act!
I hope this isn’t another #GOP #Lie
Too bad Donald Chump doesn't!
You can help by standing up to Trump and stopping his racist disregard for PR and the USVI. Be a man for God’s sake!
Thank you in the name of all puertoricans
If only people knew the real feelings of puertoricans in PR and outside you all will be embarrassed of this tweet
We need that the military to control all supplies. Inclusive, generators dissapears from gov't facilities at the COE.
You stand for wiping out PR's Medicaid Program and maintaining PR as a colony. Thanks for nothing.
Gracias, Sen. McConnell
What did you guys promise him?
You are a suck up Mitch
@SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi @SenatorSchumer Maj Ldr, I hope that you helped our democracy a bit by assuring the Governor the US shd do bttr!
"I would have stood for the Governor but he is not from America. That is what the Peesident told me! "--Senator Mitch McConnell
Let’s not forget 1 simply fact, #PuertoRico is part of the USA! @POTUS seems to think otherwise! #impech45
Thanks so much Senator Mitchell!! Forevever grateful of our fellow Americans. May God bless !!
That's leadership. Too bad @potus will make a mess out of anything.
Standing or sitting down, they need equipment and expertise to build roads and provide electricity and water.
funny how you dont say anything until after trump and then he allows you to speak... woof woof
1 month later 80% without electricity 40% without clean water, almost all without cell service or internet. But Ricardo looks pretty dapper.
Liar


You should do stand up comedy! Oh wait, you do.
Wtf are you on??

He’s Puerto Rican you know @SenateMajLdr.  When he left, did you push that couch out into hall and order a new one?
Get out the Senate vote for @POTUS Budget for Puerto Rico and America: Bring your Whip.
Help at DOING NOTHING????
Regardless of the top rating Trump gave himself, our job is not done until the citizens are safe.
Everyone is safe now, we need to rebuild...
They aren't safe until people have electricity & clean water. The death toll is rising do to lack of resources rather than hurricane itself.
We don't have power/water in my house and we are safe. Sick people dies. Don't use a human crisis to create bad blood between POTUS and PR.
Sick people don't have to die if they have medical treatment, clean water & access to life's necessities. I'm asking Congress to provide.
"We can offer loans at very reasonable rates. Provided your credit is good and you make timely payments..."
One would hope he would grow some balls
McConnell:banks & hedge funds are up my ass about recouping bond investments. They’ve agreed to hire you after you leave office, sound good?
the most CORRUPT place we have, disgusting. HUGE WELFARE STATE, Please sell it off!
Don’t kid yourself dude. You stand all alone. #resign
I’m sick of the standing. It’s time y’all started working to make the conditions at least bearable.
Except if you want food or water. Then you are on your own. We need the $ for tax breaks for billionaires.

Work on the streets: Paper towels were thrown to vetted FEMA workers. Islanders would be a problem for propaganda.
You might want to do a better job. Puerto Rico has had enough of Trump's kind of "help". They have plenty of paper towels and need water.
Can we start today?

Then why is @POTUS ignoring those people?
Pres. Trump is not ignoring Puerto Rico hadThe military in placeThe red cross in placeAnd he hasHam radio operators providing communications
Can't slake your desperate thirst with a ham radio operator.
Don't pull this "I promise I'm really a human," you googly eyed reptilian. We've seen your true form.
Prove it.
Sparky...is THIS what passes for effective representation and leadership in your world? You've done nothing in 34 years to improve our lives
I'm confused. Most of the island still doesn't power or safe drinking water. Their Governor is here to beg for more $$.
By doing what?  Tweeting?
Continue to help?  How about START TO HELP
@POTUS get on it with your New BFF


Throwing Puerto Rico to vulture capitalists helps no one but your rich, greedy donors
#RINO 
#University6 #Coach2


Why is the admin hiding data from the public?
As Richard mentions, Treasury deleted its own study showing most corporate tax cuts go to profits, not labor income. Orwellian stuff. https://twitter.com/RichardRubinDC/status/919868928763088896 …

Pathetic excuse for a man. McConnell sellls our country out to Trumptards to hold “power”, willing to see Trump destroy everything
Are you calling @realDonaldTrump a liar? He said they're pulling aid out and will make them pay back the "loan."
Perhaps you should donate some of your own money not ours. @ricardorossello responsible for distribution.

#TrumpfailedPuertoRico 
Why does the tax plan cut healthcare??
The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Medicare is not getting cut Tax cut to the businesses is important So that they can give money to hiring more employees we are Republic
Doesn’t seem to work that way
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
You can no longer turn a blind eye to POTUS' incompetence. You must #ImpeachTrump.
