Stop using the BS rhetoric.  The intelligent sources say your rhetoric is laughable... Do your flippin job and help ACA; not destroy lives!@
I hate to tell you this, but I'm fairly certain Mitch McConnell is going to jail
What's gonna end up a meltdown is you,if you don't start getting into lockstep w/American people come 2018..quit being afraid
Repeal aca...government needs to quit pretending they know what's good for Americans..
THE AMERICAN'S WON ELECTION !
HISTORICAL  YOU DESERVE NO BRAKES! WE HAVE NONE!! WORK DAY AND NIGHT! WE HAVE TOO! WE ARE BROKE! @POTUS
The #ACA has suffered due to GOP obstruction and negligence. Drop this tired squawking point, roll up your sleeves, and work to fix it!
More like work to repeal it, is a better idea


THE AMERICAN' VOTER'S WON A HISTORICAL ELECTION ! A LIFETIME!
AND THE FORGOTTEN MEN AND WOMEN !  WE HAVE NO BREAK'S
WE DON'T EAT! JUST WORK
Lies.
Instead of destroying people's lives by taking healthcare, why aren't you investigating treason by the Trump family in the election?
Totally understand delaying recess given the treason issue you guys are dealing with. Screwing over 22 million Americans got a bit harder.
Don't forget. Another paid vacation on top of paid health care coming in August. All you have to do is stall for another few weeks, Cmdr
please put the people before party.fix the ACA
REPEAL IT NOW
Because you and your reprobate cronies gutted the provisions that made it solvent then condemned it for being insolvent. Arrogant much?
Liar
There is now a paper trail on collusion YOU are COWARD not to address this we as AMERICANS are FED UP with you !!!!
Blaming Dems for your own shortcomings demonstrates a lack of leadership and progress attributed to no one other than YOU and your own party
Treason is hurtling towards us.
"a lack of cooperation from our friends across the aisle" isa  blatant lie. Tell Donnie Tiny Hands to nominate some people w/no Russia ties.

this old coot has never told the truth once in his entire pathetic life
YOU are doing YOUR best to MAKE it fail !! FACT ! Do ANY Rs have the guts & morality to say enough w/ Trump/Russia besides Graham & McCain?!
In all due respect Senator, assemble all Republicans and direct them to get it done or pay the consequence in 2018. No more RHETORIC.
Similar to the current administration.
Why are you and the rest of congress actually exempt from Obamacare ? Hippocrates
I'm just so tired of you, which I know is your tactic. Stop screwing with my healthcare. Stop screwing the country.
Then fix it for crying out loud. We voted Trump not You! Pull up your big boy pants and get to work. Screw Schumer as well,
I think U loser McConnell is on the on the edge of collapse.  #EAEWO  &'s Wide Open
What about you? If you can't deliver, you need to step down. I would have lost my job if I failed to deliver.
Really? We give you the House, the Senate, and the White House and you still can't get it repealed. You're worthless.
Time 2 Repeal & Replace McConnell! Where are tax cuts? Repeal Obamacare? We voted @POTUS 4 change yet you play games
Why in the world do you have a tax cut for the wealthy, insurance and pharma http://companies.How  can U give good care with a tax cut?
Sick of hearing that the ACA is melting. U had 7 years to come up with something & u came up with nothing.
Blah, blah. Same story, different tweet. You have contributed to this problem. GOP has had 8 years plus to make it better.  Act bipartisan.
LIAR. It only has issues where you & POTUS are intentionally sabotaging it. Why are you trying to open lemonade stand that sells piss?
The GOP have been sabotaging the ACA causing premiums to rise&insurance companies to leave the markets, hurting ppl. IMMORAL
#FakeNews

You are crashing ACA.  You are the reason for the suffering & deaths of tens of thousands of Americans.  THINK before you vote!
Give me a freaking break..like government run healthcare is going to make people not die.. #freeusfromdumbpeople
So where is your acceptable alternative?
I call for all Governors and Senators to lose health care once it's deemed u represent corporate interests over ppl. I say start w urself.
Wait don't u mean Ur healthplan? Issues w ACA require strict regulation over health industry- something urself & @GOP seem unwilling to do.
Sounds like your carreer as Senate Majority Leader....
Mitch, you had EIGHT YEARS to do something and DID NOTHING! You are to blame for your failure!
Then fix it. Dont repeal it. Check your poll numbers. I DONT NEED A TAX REDUCTION. I think my money is better spent helping Americans.
Ah, no.
Why is the GOP holding on to the billionaire's tax cut like it's the part of "healthcare" they have any interest in?
"The GOP has been strangling Obamacare all year."  Fixed your typo.
Why McConnell hates the working class so much is a mystery to me. He should be making our safety net better not trying to tear it down.
Yup!
We understand that so give us some information on where you are with the healthcare plan and the votes

Study: Obamacare is not collapsing http://nbcnews.to/2tB1jvw  via @nbcnews
#ACAhelp the people not just the party. You look only for the party. Grow up.maker want to be a republican again
FAKE information from a fake Senator who hates Americans!  Time for you go!  RESIGN
be the grown up and work to fix the ACA,don't lie to us anymore
Then get with the Dems and do your darn job!
slithering snake Cruz can not fight for wife or father why would he fight for the people
@SenMajLdr should shore up private markets. Americans favor #obamacare & recognize #trumpcare as giveaway to rich.
http://reut.rs/2tWKJYi 
ACA needs your help to work.u halve all this slithering snakes wking on our healthcare.get rid of cruz
No spine. Debate the topic. Come together w/ a plan. Your BS is getting old. ACA 1 year of debates, all open. GOP 13 guys in back secretly.
u have hurt http://us.Work  with the dems. Work for the people not just for the party.As a republican
It is YOUR FAULT. Stop passing the buck #coward you are just keeping your #paytoplay cronies happy
NOT so:
NBC
"Trump threat to withhold payments for out-of-pocket for low-income customers is pushing insurers to raise premiums or exit market"
I have no respect NONE for your role in dismantling ACA! Disgusting u with great gov'mt coverage! U DO NOT WORK FOR THE PEOPLE!
http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/study-obamacare-not-collapsing-n781486 …
You were elected to be the advocate of those people you're so happy to usher to the graveyard.
Time for single-payer system.
Liar.
@SenMajLdr Then FIX the ACA.  Don't allow it to fail, you will be hurting Americans!
Fix it don't rip it. You are gleefully sentencing millions to deathvwith the loss of preexisting conditions & life cap. Fix ACA
Just because you want it to.
So does your @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
Seems to be a recurring theme amongst the GOP 
well ...fix it dont replace dump ass
3. ALL of your decisions will outlive you and I wish you all would work to leave the country and world better for those who'll still be here
2. You enjoy the luxury of not being around long enough to suffer the consequence of your actions.  But my kids will.  Thanks!
TRUMPCARE = MURDER
Yes we have heard that for months. What are you doing about it?
This is a *tired* GOP talking point, Senator. It's time to stop the partisan rhetoric and roll up your sleeves for the ppl. Fix the ACA.
1. You have a credibility and arrogance problem
