how come now and not in 2013 when the prez went to congress ??? HYPOCRITE
Because Obama is a weak little man who didn't have the stones or knowhow to get the Job done right. Mr Trump does however. #MAGA
34% approval. Only 98,000 jobs in today's report. ACA, anti-Muslim EOs all failed. Dow dropping. Gas rising. NK launching. He sucks.
don't forget the 700 carrier jobs that left from the other carrier plant and the 60,000 retail jobs in the past 2 months nothing said
Russia did it!  They took our jobs and silenced the media,!  We should loot and riot!
Russia plotted with Trump. More evidence every day, dearie.
and all those ppl that forgot to disclose russian meetings now jared forgot more..plz too many "COINCIDENCES "
#ObamaGate and rice will in the end be the criminals.  You heard it here!
Thank you leader McConnell!  We appreciate your support in fighting these atrocities!  #MAGA and thank you for Justice Gorsuch!!
It is good to see McConnell displaying positive leadership!
Positive? He's been a toddler throwing a tantrum for the past eight years because he hasn't got his own way.
Hard to disagree with you... But... It's a new day and thankfully new leadership. I'd say he is doing great so far this year. #MAGA
I can't think of a single thing he's done so far to benefit the average American.
Really and just was accomplished? No chemical weapons destroyed, runways intact & used the next day to bomb civilians.
Russians and Syrians were notified and all personnel & equipment was removed. What a con job you dishonest Republicans & DJT are pulling.
Civilians among 21 killed by US-led Syria strikes
Amazing how you support the actions now that you have a republican president. But when Obama wanted it you were against it. #openminded???
Agreed.  They were a good idea, blowing up the Senate is NOT.
You support bombing an empty airstrip, notifying Russia before hand to warn Assad because you are a dirty collaborator! #RESIGN #UnAmerican
Keep working for what's best. Ignore the haters. They think all this hating & lipservice will shut down all republicans & you'll back off.
. @SenateMajLdr …support both the illegal action…
#NotMyPresident
I support both the action and objective of @POTUS' strike against #Syria to deter the Assad regime from using chemical weapons again.
If you support Trump, how about a declaration of war from Congress.
Will you support the refugees that come from #Syria?  Because that would make sense.
No you  fool @realDonaldTrump is protecting those people in Syria from future gas strike by showing USA backs up its policy . No Poison gas
And let the refugees into the US--that would protect them.

Mr. McConnell, please just repeal Obamacare! No replacement. Make it like before!
You both will have to reckon with the actions that you have undertaken. Hopefully 2020 will be the reckoning date for you both.
Maybe @realDonaldTrump can follow the law & run plan through Congress next time? Eventually he's going to commit too much treason to hide...
And, how many people died between 2013 and now? You were willing to let people die just to obstruct Obama. Disgraceful.
& you are simply ignoring the fact he did not get senate approval for bombing? U support ignoring the Constitution & acting as a dictator?
This could have been avoided all together if you weren't an obstructionist  and had used your bran back in 2013, the blood is on your hands
You were against exact action that Obama requested from Congress in 2013. Hypocrites!
So when Obama wanted approval to do the same thing you said no. What changed? Other than you and your cohorts pillaging US for your gain
Really? Where were you in 2013? "A vital national security risk is clearly not in play,". Now it's a heinous act?? #shameonyou

And, we the people, are STILL WATCHING RUSSIAN COLLUSION.
Mitch is an amazing role model for @SenateGOP and Trumplicans!  He gets what America fought for in November with Trump!
Your hypocrisy makes me sick
COWARD!!!! This was an illegal act of war.
Now let the refugees in, please. To do otherwise is hypocritical.
What changed between now and when Obama wanted to do the same thing?  Hmmmm.
You are the scummiest slime to every invade the U.S. Capitol. Period!
And the baby has spoken....
Hypocrite.
So why didn't you support action in 2013? Hypocrite.
hypocrites
Interesting...Congress didn't approve/vote yes when Obama wanted to do something. Ridic
Yeah? Don't hold your breath! Or rather, do for a very long time. Please!
Pleass explain how this fake strike on Syria will deter Assad? Oh yeah, you follow a fake president.
#chemicalweapons use is heinous - BUT YOU ALSO NEED TO ADDRESS HOW MUCH SHAREHOLDER PROFIT @POTUS MADE BY USING #RAYTHEON #TOMAHAWKMISSLES.
Do all of your chins agree?
put your head back in your shell and quit kissing up to @POS @POTUS
Baloney. Kiss his butt.
Maybe if you had struck the 6 airfields it could have stopped him,oh wait you never struck the first one loser.
You support any POC twitler tells you to you sellout.  Fake prez trying to wag the dog. #LIAR #CHEAT #FAKEWAR #2PUTINPUPPETS
#asskisser
Do you support following US laws? Only when they suit you it appears
So you'll have your family members signed up to fight?
Show you truly care for the Syrians, let them come to the U.S.
Oh yes, I am sure Assad was all shook up over that - as evidenced by his retaliation today with chlorine. Try using your little gray cells.
And where was this support in 2013?
Hey Mitch...ditch the "Leader" moniker...you are grossly unqualified!

Omg, you are just a sad, sad man.
You had a chance to stop this years ago but because of politics said no. said no to refugees. blood is on your hands. Shame on you & the GOP
You are CAWARD CRIMINALS. If you want to kill ASSAD go kill HIM WHY ARE YOU KILLING INOCENTS? Back off CAWARDS.
You may be history's biggest hypocrite.
.
Congratulations.
When did the platform change???
Black guy= no
White guy= yes
hmm, in light of alerting Russia and then actually doing minimal destruction, care to explain the actual objective?
Are you even a real person?  You act like a badly-written Python script
Kiss a**
When Assad killed hundreds with CW you were against Obama taking action.  But now, since the President isn't a Dem, everything is hunky dory
Yet you refused to support President Obama. What about Americas children? Where are the pictures from Sandy Hook?

Because his name isn't Obama. #hypocritesupreme
Did you support the DEAD in Yemen?
You realize Trump should have gotten a vote from Congress before doing this. It is an act of war. What he did was illegal as hell.
YOUR ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT'S DECEPTION!
Esp since Putin knew b4 you and the rest of congress. Maybe thats why not one of Assad's men was harmed PATHETIC SHOW OF DESPERATION TO HIDE
I guess when Obama wanted to do something he wasn't WHITE or entitled enough . The was a sneaky traitorous act to distract from real issues
Racist F**k. That's why.
You're not human. You're not even a monster. You're just a lick spittle tool. Destined to be discarded when no longer needed.
Hi genuinely curious: why did you change your mind from 2013 when you opposed this when the then-president asked for authorization?
Because a really smart black man asked for it
Such a humanitarian!
Big show.  @realDonaldTrump is such a tough guy.  Don't forget about #RussiaGate. And his business entanglements, mitchy
Oh I forgot, you put party and job ahead of country.   Time for term limits.  No more corrupt career politicians.
When our country is trillions of dollars in debt ( Do Drop Inn Fla trips) this fool you are A$$ kissing will blame it on "national security"
Why couldn't you support President Obama in 2013 when he went to Congress FIRST? Guess it would be a NS answer like you had for no Garland

I see that you’ve set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public BUT it is so refreshing when people don't hide their stupidity
But we know you're a hypocrite. Exact same situation and you opposed while pearl-clutching, when Obama was POTUS.
The blood of these victims is on your hands. You blocked @BarackObama from doing anything.
U are an IDIOT Do America a favor and retire. Your mind is fading quickly. You and your cronies kept my President Obama from taking action !
Even though it's confirmed that the strike was completely ineffectual? Our military can hit a dime from miles away. We MISSED? Why? Orders?
two faced turncoat. you are a disgrace.
Men protect the innocent who cannot protect themselves. We are the USA we don't talk shit we said No chemical weapons & we meant it
He was against it when his president was a black man. He's for Party above country.
Times change situations change. Trump just restructured USA so we are no longer trade deficit fools we can afford to rightfully kill Evil
Independent Russian investigation  is needed!  Another distraction !
You seem to support anything that abrogated your Constitutional mandated responsibility for declaring war, but not when a Dem is in the WH.
You support the bypassing of congress? Now?
You had the chance in 2013? A real "Leader" as your handle falsely indicates would've known that.

Funny, you support this now, but didn't support it when Obama wanted Congressional approval to attack Syria...
I support your ouster as Speaker and as a Senator.
Without a plan. Sounds about right for the 115th.
Hypocrisy. It's what's for dinner. Again and again and again.
You're irrelevant as a human. Resign Judas.
And yet when Obama asked Congress for approval... http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/10/syria-vote-mitch-mcconnell_n_3899989.html … #hypocrite
How do you sleep at night?  You are what is wrong with this country!!!
Of course you do. 
Tell me...what has changed between President Obama and Trump? You are a fraud.
Yet you were against it when Obama proposed it to congress. Perhaps your support then would have made a difference.
Yet you said no to the black man and allowed the atrocities to continue.
What and who you support will soon be very irrelevant. But your infamy and treachery will be remembered.
remember when you voted when Obama wanted to take action against Assad back in 2013, hypocrisy !
*againt Obama
I'm sure that will stop Assad.  Delusional turtle
You're nothing more than an anti-democratic, self-serving, POS puppet. You are LOATHSOME.
How's this chem attack different from 2013 when you voted "No" to Obama's action & objective against Assad? Oh, this time you weren't asked.
You are a hypocrite.
Of course you do. Now how about support for letting the Syrian refugees in . Or does that righteous deed go against your beliefs?
how do you feel about the #WMDs of #russia's weaponized information, and the senate's #nuclearOption--both against the #american people?
If Hillary were president and did the exact same thing, you would be calling for impeachment!
2../ you're a prime example of when two sub-humans procreate...
u're a pathetic excuse for a human being & I rue the day that u're kicked out in shame from the Senate. 1../
You don't care about nothing but being in charge you don't have a clue what American ppl wants both parties should work together but not gop
We see @GOP LIES, @Potus Russian influence, bigotry and hate speak. Americans do not appreciate the bully tactics.  We will remember.
U are a craven troglodyte, that wants to rule the world! We violated world rules, attacked a country w/o congressional approval!
Whip the white stuff off your mouth. We all know you're Putin and Trump's b***h now.
If you had supported Obama's plan in 2013 we might not be in this predicament with Syria today.
You, Mr McConnell, are "leader" in title only. You are a hypocrite at best, traitor at worst.
Hypocrite!
Youre so out of touch. You should just resign. You dont represent the American people. You represent greed & hate & antiquated beliefs.
Yes but will you support accepting refugees? Women, children, innocents, to protect them?
And if youre going to support attacking Syria, do you support rescuing their refugees & giving them shelter here? Hmmm?
Hypocrisy and you can just admit you blocked everything Obama because he was black. Y'all have turned democracy into Kleptocracy.
I cannot wait for this Russia investigation to be complete. When the truth comes out, are you involved, turtle? How deeply are you in this?
I hate to say this but since republicans are in charge, we may not get to the bottom. Everyone knows that Russia helped Trump win.
Isn't this crazy? We're supposed to rely on the system to prevent something like this. He's in and he's not budging. He'll have to be forced
Why? Because you didnt support it for Obama. What changed? Oh, right. He isnt a black man. Also? How does it feel being owned by Putin?
Because President White Face ordered it. Y'all aren't even hiding your prejudices anymore.
Hypocrite.
you're gross
LYING FAKE F***
YOU r a TRAITOR, U only care about the almighty Cannot wait until we can get u & other traitors out. I am sure the devil is waiting on u
Why the change from your 2013 stand?  I forgot , with you it's PARTY over Country. You have ZERO credibility. #syria
You are a hypocrite; you were against this in 2013 when more people were killed.  Are the children allowed in US now?
Why not 2013?  Oh, right. Obama was in office.
Then why did you vote against Obama taking similar action after a worse attack?  Hypocrite much? You should be ashamed of the partisanship.
How much crap would you have given Obama for making the same moves, you hypocrite
then that means if there is any backlash u r willing 2 accept any blame right along Trump
You will pay, Mitch. That's a promise from  me to you.
Think of thechildren you could saved if you would have voted YES when Obama asked.  The blood of these children are on your hands.
So long until you look like the WH now what is trump going to do
You agree that he even warned Russia who is working with Syria?
The Supreme Court seat you will be dead and gone and Obama will still be enjoying his legacy and you have none you have been in Washington
You are so partisan you'd say the Sun is the Moon just to oppose the Democrats.   But you're nothing but a hypocrite.
But only if it's a white R president that's doing it? Got it.
Shame you couldn't have done this last time. Maybe there wouldn't have been a this time.
