It's a BIG help to me, Senator. My premium would be $1055/mo without Obamacare subsidy. With it, I pay $145/mo. I'm 60 yrs old. No sabotage!
Mine went from $350 to $1400. Lost my plan and now my ins co leaving at year end. How is it fair to me?
Their only objective is to make money they do that at your expense if you wanna be mad at anyone be mad at insurance companies.
Capitalism drives USA. Profits allow research and better treatments. You take profits away and new treatments will drop. We need competition
you don't need private insurance companies for that the drug companies will still do their thing
Not if they aren't properly compensated. Incentive decreases and so does research.
9 percent of Americans support a full repeal, yet you want to push your atrocious conservative policies on the rest of us.
LOL. 9% still laughing!
No more entitlements! $20 trillion in debt. Send ACA packing with full repeal. Let free markets take back health care.  I voted for this!
Why is it that instead of defending their bill, Republicans just bring up how bad Obamacare is?
Nobody is arguing that Obamacare isn't good. The issue is that Trumpcare would just make things worse.
I would like to hear one reason Trumpcare would be better for the American people than Obamacare
U keep saying trumpcare, but it is a senate bill. Obamacare is socialism. In case u didn't know it, we are a capitalist country = freedom
Stop lying, you cold hearted old man. Why anyone who isn't already wealthy, votes for you GOP con artists, defies logic.
...We should at know how our existing healthcare system works...It's complicated.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNxgYjW3rc0 … 
- I'm with her
So failure for Republicans means you'll have to work w/ Dems on a bipartisan bill? Excuse me. Isn't that how the senate is supposed to work?
Not trying to be disrespectful BUT it's freaking TIME for YOU to be the LEADER & FULLY support @POTUS! He even gave your wife a job! #MAGA
You mean like this and the hundreds of other times he's has? Don't fall for the RW propaganda.
Thank you @POTUS for hosting a productive meeting on #healthcare as we continue to work on #BetterCare for all Americans.
The entire burden shouldn't have to be on Pres Trump. The GOP has had 7 years to work on a better health care plan. I blame Paul Ryan too
they should have had it ready to go on 1/21/2017
The president didn't even have a HHS secretary confirmed yet. Too many people just don't understand how government functions.
7 yrs and running
ACA was not one bill that was fully in place in 2010.It took several yrs to implement fully & it will take years to undo it. #Reality

The Democrats are holding back progress that Republicans are trying to improve each persons cost, and, availability Dem. are being selfish.
Yes, repeal socialism. Rely on free market @SenateMajLdr , @SenateGOP
@BarackObama Came up w/ a solution. It might not be perfect, but it's active & works. Instead of knocking it, show me ur solution. #HaveOne?
So your answer is 2 kill millions of Americans 2 save middle class a few bucks. Fix the ACA. U can stop calling it Obamacare now, he's gone.
Your new plan is a direct assault on the poor
BS
#GOP is the only direct assault on tAmerican middle class. History will remember you and all you stand for as traitors to the middle class.
You do not care about the middle class. You only care about your wealthy benefactors like the Koch brothers. So sad...
BCRA is a direct assault on the impoverished and sick. How dare you put lives in danger to line your own pockets.
This shows how out of touch you are with everyday Americans. You move between U.S. Congress and private clubs. Time to break that cycle.
Mitch is a threat not only to our democracy, but to the health of all citizens. He must be deposed immediately.
You represent the worst of our government. You lie ALL THE TIME!
You cheat, steal, rig voting machines, suppress votes, purge rolls...
You frigging hypocrite. You wouldn't recognize the middle class if it sat on you.
You are TERRIBLE! BIGLY!
...by screwing over our poor and our sick?

The solution is not to abolish the mandate but to get MORE healthy people paying into the pot.
KEEP YOUR FRICKING PROMISE AND REPEAL IT!!!!!
You mean The GOP is a direct assault on the middle and lower class. Stop lying and trying to divide.


Yes b/c gov isn't enforcing large employers, that provide jobs for middle class, to comply to PPACA. Simply accepting fee for noncompliance
Your support of the Middle class says it all.After all you cant identify with the sick the poor and the elderly.
REPEAL IT NOW...FREDOM TO CHOOSE MY OWN MD...MY PLAN...MY OWN HEALTHCARE....NOT INSURANCE...CARE...REPEAL IT!
Liar.
The sad thing is he got help when he was a child and if not for that help he would be in a wheelchair now.
OMG, you do not care about the middle class.
Your bill is a "direct assault" on the health of MILLIONS of Americans. You know, the people you're supposed to serve?
Oh come on old fart, tell us the truth. Obama care is an assault on your & your friend's corruption. Which affects your pockets.
MCCONNELL CARE will eat up the income of the middle class & be a tax boon for the uber rich. It's bad. 84% of American voters know that.
you are a direct assault on everyone but the upper class.
You are direct assault on the middle and lower class with your proposal! It's time you propose something that will make it better!
Put your heart on the line Mitch, promise to resign if  TrumpCare fails the American People. Resign if your rates are worst for 22 million
The people in your home state of Kentucky wouldn't say that. Obamacare is working well for them.
Oh yeah, an assault in the middle class, so let's abandon them and give the savings to your overlords in the tax  bill!
Why not fill in the gaps. Give more subsidies to the people who are affected by higher premiums. That seems like the easy fix
Bullshit!
So, what kind of insurance do YOU have? ACA??????? You want to get rid of it for the rest of us but keep it for yourselves??
The GOP is a direct assault on the middle class. Get your facts straight. Thanks.
McConnell you lie
#TRAITOR
Mitch this is the same speeches Ryan has been giving while the ACA was in the House. Over and Over again. So the cut the taxes for the Rich.
We want full repeal!! Quit worrying about the democrats and do what every Republican promised to do and we voted for! No government ins!!!
You are assaulting the middle class
The Republicans are a direct assault on the middle class with their Trumpcare.
There is no care without coverage.
It's called the Affordable Care Act your using #Obamacare to frighten people
Full repeal. Get government completely out of it. We don't need your solutions. They are junk and theft!
NO! You and your Rich Colleagues are a direct assault on the middle class, the working clas, the poor, pretty much everyone except The Rich!
Trumpcare is the REAL assault on Americans:
You had eight years to work on making health care better but instead you chose to sit on your ass & obstruct. Now you want to kill millions
YOUR health bill is a death sentence for millions of people. Robbing Americans of healthcare to give huge tax breaks to the rich won't fly.
Get things done or move away!
You people crack me up. It's not a symbolic repeal vote no more with a Democratic president you know won't sign. You all need to be fired
Repeal Obamacare or Republicans will face consequences in the next election symbolic votes don't cut it we're not stupid
Another lie from @SenateMajLdr. The guy can't tell the truth w/out undoing the Koch agenda, which really hurts all Americans not in top 2%.
Correction, You and the GOP are a direct assault on the middle class. Onto 2018! #Unamerican
We now live in a country where upper class only cares about keeping their money. No one wants to help anyone. Not how country was built.
@McConnellPress it is destroying those in the middle! You cannot sacrifice the middle to pay for Medicaid!
past time to #RepealObamacare . Get FedGov out of healthcare for all people. You're numbskulls on healthcare...
I am also middle class and would not have health insurance were it not for #Obamacare   #preexistingconditions
There is no such law called Obamacare #bigot
$ocipaths like you, paul ryan & trump should never again be allowed to serve in govt or any leadership position. SHAME on the @gop
Don't pretend you give a shit about any of us
Your bill is a direct assault on all but the rich.
Repeal now replace later please.
How do you sleep at night? Oh yea, your bed is padded with millions of fresh fluffy $100 bills #boughtANDpaidfor #ACAworks #StrengthenIt
Repeal.
Yes, time to move beyond its failures into the new amazing, tremendous failures of TrumpCare.
#MedicareForAll
You, mr. McConnell, are a direct assault on human beings everywhere! Your bill is the most hated bill in history. It will NEVER pass. @AP
So, how will your tax cut to the 1% help us in the middle class?
PASS A GOOD REPEAL/REPLACE!   Don't fake out the citizens.  Don't just TALK. Listen to the 5 naysayers.  I believe THEM... FIX IT!
We have to end the ocare nightmare! Every time I look at my paychecks that gigantic deduction makes me sick! Repeal it today! We demand it!
enjoy your leadership while you can shumer in control soon dems have won
Pretty harsh tone there Sen. #factsmatter How about finding out who colluded with RU to attack our country and Denounce it! #ProtectOurCare
Must be why 83% of the country wants you to get your crooked fingers off it.  You are the worst breed of corrupt politician.
Taking 3 trillion out of necessary benefits so that the rich can enjoy more tax cuts is an assault on American people. #hypocrisy
Lies
YOU are a direct assault on the middle class and are getting worse. It's time to move beyond your failure.
Of all the lies, you are getting as bad as your leader, Koch. Dems won't work with you???? Sooo BAD!  Expected more from you.
The assault to the middle class is Trumpcare tax cuts for the 1% 
Get it done. And pls call for majority option on BOTH INMIGRATION LAWS!
7 YRS YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN WORKING ON IT...DONT UNDERSTAND.
FALSE AND MISLEADING!

All we are going to see is more for the rich. It is the Republican way
문제인 대통령 환영합니다,,,
강경화 장관도 환영합니다,,
Lies. You are gutting it and can't possibly come up with anything better. Now all you have is propaganda. #Pathetic
BULL, Obamacare GAVE insurance to middle & working classes,  the Russiapublican plan RIPS INSURANCE FROM 22MILLION! A$$HOLE!
Hahahahahahahahahahaha!
when you are burning in hell for your racism and hatred and all the harm you have done usa  will the russian money cool you from the flames?
McConnell expected to 'bribe off the moderates with opioid money' to get Trumpcare votes
Medicaid should ONLY be available to low-income American CITIZENS not to tens of millions of piss-poor refugees the Dems have flooded in!
You are too old to fight for my healthcare. Let's get someone who isn't a senior citizen to reform health care.
Ok mitch then why don't you and @SecElaineChao go on your plan for the rest of your miserable lives and let us know how that works
Trump's tweets are for his base let's make "mean Trumpcare" is on everyone's minds and talk about it this 4th of July. Call reps to vote no.
Why should working Americans provide FREE healthcare to tens of millions of non-citizens we didn't want brought here in the first place?!
When first initiated, Medicaid covered 4% of population. It's now up to 40%! That's totally unsustainable! It should ONLY cover citizens!
u r causing it to fail
You are the one assaulting the middle class, elderly and disabled.
#BananaRepublicans
#RussoAmericanOligarchicalTheocraticFascists
#Resist
McConnellcare 12% approval, Obamacare 53% approval, despite constant Republicant backstabbing. Give me Obamacare!
McConnellcare has a 12% approval rate. 22 million lose coverage, elderly, poor and sick people will die, but the rich get a tax break?

You are a p.o.s. senator!!
Fix the ACA work with the Dems
Once again can't support his own plan instead bashes Obamacare.....Truth will out
All this is your fault for not working with the @TheDemocrats to improve the ACA over the last 8 years. You personally have caused this.
GET IT VOTED THROUGH TODAY!!
I feel sorry for you and your jaded sense of reality.  You should do whats best for all Americans not just rich Americans!
You really think you can get away with throwing VETERANS OFF MEDICAID!  FIX ACA!
TRUMPCARE is a blatant move to give the wealthy more, cut safety net to most vulnerable.
Living piece of . TRUMPCARE is called 
#Deathcare
Ya and trump care will kill the elderly and the poor and give big bucks to the rich who line your ass
@mike_pence @realDonaldTrump #PLAINenglish Y'all keep citing States' cost UP 33%/140%/22%ETC. SecureSupport: CITE MoneyAmts/month 2Us"FOLKS"
You conniving chump. you tried to make the bill in hiding, America knows this and you lie to our faces. plus this.
Get with the DEMS and fix OBAMAcare and F----------- TRUMPnoCARE the GOP KILLER BILL.
TRUMPnoCARE is a KILLER BILL and you dreamed it up...What does that make you MITCH. ??
@mike_pence @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul NOT rocket scientist & I COMPREHEND Simplicity/STRENGH of Rand proposals. Re:StateINCRS:SAY amtsNOT%s
YOU'RE JOKING RIGHT???
YOU sir a direct assault on Americans. STOP LYING, STOP LYING, STOP LYING #SHAME
you're the direct assault on the middle class! So shut your turtle face!
Moving beyond to assault seniors and the poor?  To assault everyone but the rich? Sad!
Jerk do your job work for all America's not just your Rich Friends !!
how can you do this to your citizens.  Weren't you elected to represent them not kill them by taking their healthcare.
The poor cannot afford for healthcare. Others cannot afford healthcare + pay the poor's. With Obamacare nobody can afford it.
No it's not
U sabotage Am HC. Pull advertising 4 sign up 4 ACA when it was thriving. U  undermine health literally & figuratively for American people.
You are correct and we know that! Please get this done!
Y'all need to STOP pissing money away on Obamacare! Let's get this health Care bill pasted! Then y'all can take a break!
The @GOP is a direct assault on America and getting worse. We'll move beyond ur failures in 2018. #cya #Resist #NoMoreDictatorship
Stop lying to the American ppl, invite the Dems to work with you on giving we the ppl the best healthcare. You work for us not your agenda
We all no your plan is to unravel Medicaid, save the fed government $400B over the next decade, and use it for a giant tax cut for the rich.
You are the failure! Fix it now!
You first get on the plan and be on it for a year and then let the rest of us on it.  We will see who runs out of money first
Trumpcare won't just hurt the poor. The 85% who get employer-provided insurance will face lifetime caps, etc. too.
Obamacare is good that can be made better!
Trump care is a tax break for the rich and hurts the most vulnerable: seniors, middle-class, vets, the poor, and women
GOP out of touch with the people, and it's getting worse. Better Care is a tax cut for 1%, and a direct assault on the middle class. Revolt!
What a freaking hypocrite
It is time to move beyond YOUR failures.
