Rolled back Affirmative Action Dept. Disgraceful. Home grown terrorists on your streets u do NOTHING DT has free hand. U 2 are responsible.
@GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #25thAmmendmentNow for @realDonaldTrump #NoH8 #TrumpIsAKiller #RESISTANCE
Now get rid of Obamacare.   Put the poor on Medicaid not make me pay for thrm@in Obamacare and unconstitutional penalties
The GOP; employing spineless people since November 2016.
No repeal of Obamacare,  No tax cut,  more, more and more debt.  Please resign.
What about health care?
When r u going to support Trump's agenda.  We voted for it.
Watched while #Trump threatened to invade Venzeula, nuke Korea, and Nazis planned terrorism in #Charlottesviille nice work GOP.
No Health Care
No Tax Reform
No Immigration Reform
No Infrastructure 

Zero on the most important issues for Americans. See u on election da
@tempteststorm2 research 3.7 GDP, jobs, jobs, lowest unemployment rate ever, Justice Gorsuch. Pres Trump's signs bills Congress legislates
No healthcare & tax reform. You've had 8 years & @POTUS should call you out. You're living off my dime & doing a bad job. Get er done
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @POTUS @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @GOPChairwoman @foxandfriends @FoxNews @BreitbartNews @NewsmaxTV
How about adding #ResignTrump and #ResignMcConnell to your list. That will be a YUGE benefit to America. #obstructionist #failure
I voted 4 u, May have to re think that next election if u don't do healthcare, like we put u there to do.
 ate some lettuce 

McConnell certain debt ceiling WILL BE RAISED!! According to the Washington post!!!  Are you part of the swamp?
And Absolutely Nothing you Promised, Repeal and Replace Obama Care !!
Oh, and don't forget, Obamacare still the law of the land 
X  Repeal of ACA

How many years must we wait? It's been 7.
Building the wall?
Repealing Obamacare?
Simplifying the tax code?
Empowering David Duke and the #Altright
U BRAG ABOUT?I LIKE TRUMP WOULD FIRE U IF MY EMPLOYE JUST REPLEAL& SEND 2 EA ST 2 REPLACE& EA 1 BUY OWN ST 2 COV ONLY SICK
IF U R SO GOOD AT UR JOB WHY HASN'T PRES TRUMP GOT ALL HIS PEOPLE APPROVED? WHY RU HOLDING UP IS 2 HELP DEMS UR ANOTHER MCCAIN
for 7 yrs you have been saying repeal and replace - but have not done it - afraid of what?
You Sir are a R.I.N.O. You turned on Americans as soon as you were reelected. You are the same as McCain and Graham
Meanwhile our healthcare system is destroyed and the borders remain unsecured. Where are tax cuts? Where is the wall? Stop the EXCUSES!
You care abt winning w/ check marks&this erratic fool in oval office is easily baited by tweets &will start a nuclear war. How do you sleep?
Did Reagan, or either Bush's always refer to "the GOP"? Or did they say "We" or "Our party"? DJT not with you dude, you're expendable to him
Lasso McCain & repeal Obamacare. We RVN vets are tired of him screwing us just to stick Trump. What he did 40 yrs ago doesn't justify it.
RIME TO RETIRE OLD MAN
Is the FBI person truly independent or another Trump hater?
Unfortunately he and the many Democrat lawyers he has hired are all Clinton lovers and  President Trump haters

Time to cut his pay! He's NOT earning it!
And Trump trashed you at every step.. Grow a pair and enforce the EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE. Only thing he feels is wallet pain! Act like a man!
Serious question from a citizen:. Do you think the President of the United States of America has USA best interests in his heart?
Hopefully you get 'tax reform' and the 'budget' completed 'on time'.
Mitch McConnell to @POTUS 'Getting things done is not how we get things done in Washington' #FullRepeal
Repeal n' Replace AHCA.
This week in the #Senate
 No OCare repeal
 Vacation
 No HRC investigation
 Vacation
 No DWS investigation
 Vacation
 Ignore us
 Break promises to the American people
Get to work!
stop all the cheap show and get ObamaCare Repel done, I see that today your popularity is at 10%.. how does it feel to be lower than dems
#@mooresenate
#@mobrooksforsen
.@SenateMajLdr  just tell KimSumDumb that we'll let Israeli lite him up if he keeps up his BS. @gop @TeaPartyJane @SCOTUSblog
Repeal not checked, border wall funding not checked, tax reform not checked.  You and Ryan are pathetic do nothing clowns. Get to work fool.

It's time for the FBI to raid your house.
Time for you to go.
congratulations on it taking  8 months to confirm important nominations for the presidents administration
Please add Resign from Senate.
BUT NO REPEAL...ROOT & BRANCH? YOU ALL ARE LIARS! REPEAL OBAMACARE, REPLACE LYING POLITICIAN RINO'S EVERY MOTHER'S SON OF YOU!
why u r supporting a rookie (as you called it) is problematic......
U said that @POTUS was not in "this line of work"--I thought public service was a caling--not "work" .....as @Scavino45 attacked you...
..after having done everything to stymmie governing for as long as you did (2 of 2)
I hope you are not asking 4 American @ordinaryfaces 2 thank u for doing your job (1 of 2)
Slow rolling everything. The least you losers can do is confirm ever nominee yesterday. You get nothing else done. Primary
And of course - failing to repeal Obamacare due to useless, gutless leader of Senate.
Trump did this stuff! Don't take credit for something you had no influence over! This stuff should be considered AUTOMATIC!!!
Where the HELL is Repeal of O-Care??? Where the HELL is the WALL, Tax Cuts, Infrastructure? You and other career pols need to be replaced!
Really!! u send this out?? u r gutsy-when u campaigned 1st thing u would do in new congress repeal OCare! U lie, it is time to retire dude!

In spite of "artificial deadlines?" You guys still don't get we the people! or just plain disdain us. Chose POTUS to increase efficiency!
Dear Mitch get your head out of the clouds and reign in this dog Meuller.  You gop have no ----!
We the people are pissed.  Term limits now!
What about Obamacare repeal and replace? 

You are a RINO failure. Quit or you will be dumped.

@realDonaldTrump get rid of him!
Change the rule to 51 after recess so GOP control #Senate can pass tax reform bill. I DARE YOU, DO IT
Where's #HC bill #Repeal & Replace? Where's tax cut or reform bill? @SenateGOP is total corrupt & let minority Dems control Senate. SHAME
REPEAL OBAMACARE.
Did you repeal Obamacare?
You forgot planning /lies to cover up the #PissPoorPerformance
Find Ldr bragging on nothing; ongoing politician using canned response rather than doing your job for our @POTUS Weak-Should be a lot more!
Now why doesn't the #GOP MAJORITY pass @POTUS immigration bill ? Do something for OUR CHOSEN PRESIDENT to STOP illegals from coming here
You were elected to repeal & replace, to lower corporate taxes, to build a wall.  When will you get to that?????
And all of the bills the House have passed sit and WAIT, as do so many nominees. DO YOUR JOB
Wow- you all really worked hard. How about the rest of the country's healthcare and better yet, how about tax reform. #doyourjob
Funny I feel like that should take a day but you lazy liars will use a whole week
Pass the Trump agenda!!
I was gonna rip into ya #Senator nut it looks like you can use this right now.
Get behind our President!!!!!  Pass healthcare and tax cuts.  Holy cow.  Get with it.
No one will get any sleep tonight especially bc POTUS is a senile&mentally unstable while you DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING #ImpeachTrumpNow
Pat yrslf on the back for "working for the people" while Trump sits at his golf club in NJ&declares global nuclear war against N.Korea
Quit off shifting Senate failure of repeal on @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS. You've had 7 1/2 yrs to adopt plan serving patients & taxpayers.
If Republicans can't keep their promise on ACA, and they display bad theatre in tax reform,we'll know the fix is in! #DoSomethingRepublicans
Next vote your OUT.
When are you going to do the jobs the voters elected you to do?
Where is Senate let POTUS have the ability to negotiate sanctions with countries! GOP take too many breaks & can't agree on important bills
Why did we need a new FBI Director? O yeah. #TrumpRussia 
U r guilty of #Obstruction coverup  #Impeach45 #Treason #CorruptGOP will pay soon
#SWAMPMASTER McConnell, you disgust us.  Repeal Obamacare.
Oooooo.A...4 nominees.  How could you morons stand the stress of it all?  This is just pathetic.
This is the kind of action we like to see in the Senate. Please keep it moving like this Mr. Leader-
It appears that the Senate is little more than dead weight.  Allowing a recess without finishing all the appointments is obstruction.
In other words NOT A HELL OF A LOT.  STAY OUT OF OUR LIVES WITH YOUR CRUEL AGENDA.
Great.  Please keep it up.  No vacation until all@appointments filled.

Healthcare - Punt.  Taxes - punt, Immagration - punt.  Just keep sticking it to your own voters...
What about blocking Dems ability to stop our president from making recess appointments since nothing else can get thru?
Repeal and replace Obamacare?
How about fighting for our POTUS! We voted him in and we will vote y'all out.
BALONEY.     You are as pompous as Pelosi!
But you worked all year to make sure republican president could not make recess appts after democrat obstruction
You are a FAILURE MCCONNELL!
People hate u.
Failed to repeal and replace Ocare.
YOU MUST BE EXHAUSTED!!!
UR NOT A LEADER MITCH!
TIME TO MOVE OVER!
FULL RECESS WOULD HELP U!
REPEAL AND REPLACE?
NO DEAL YET?
HOW IS UR CARE
Wow, you just realized there were other things on the agenda to get done? You must be clarivoient about YOUR FUTURE! Is this your brother?
Impeach Trump?!
AHCA=Fail, BCRA=Fail. After 7 years.
Mo Brooks for Alabama senate!
STILL NOT DONE
Health care for citizens 
Real tax reform
Trump still in office
Pat yourself on the back cause nobody else will
Patting yourself on the back for doing things that should have been done already doesn't really cut it
TIME TO GO MM..... GOP IS A DISASTER and YOU ALLOWED DT TO BE IN WH...... GOD HELP YOU
INDICTMENT COMING FOR THE WORST LYING , CHEATING POTUS OF ALL TIME.....@realDonaldTrump
@McConnellPress @FBI @NLRB 
HEALTHCARE - FAILURE check !!,
What about repeal of Obama Care like you have promised for seven years?
Now dems wont let gop do shit bc they hate trump and yall wont stand up for potus Then american people voted DJT for change not for GOP
You spent more time planning vacations then you did on repeal. Gop just had a 8 year vaca bc you let dems do what the hell they wanted
y'all take more vacation days then days actually worked. We are being drug through the mud by Ocare while y'all planned vacation trips
But NO healthcare for Americans because you tried to do it on your own  behind closed doors without input from others. YOU failed! 
Now see, isn't being constructive more fun than being destructive?
#goodboy
What happen to Kate's law, Hcare.
Not Enough!!!!!!!!
Ditch Mitch!!!!
Trump change (pun intended) What happened to repeal and replace the ACA
confirmation rate of the needed Executive branch in your Senate has been PATHETIC! No Repeal of Obamacare, no new Tax bill.... PRIMARIES !!

We're expecting you to pass the Border Wall legislation + Sen Cottons Immigration Reform.  @RoyBluntMO @clairecmc
Grand Jury" Republicans can't repeal and  replace Obamacare but they have time for this  witch-hunt against Trump

Retired Marine @AmyMcGrathKY has launched her campaign to take back Kentucky's 6th District from the #GOP. #KYPol 
X  telling @potus to put America first.
Wow, you found Ryan's emoji. Now do is all a favor and go get yourself checked out for dementia.
Do you think we are stupid ?  Keeping eyes on Healthcare....7 years?
All u had to do was ask nice @SenateMajLdr  and fold on the ACA repeal
O care fix. NOT CHECKED. Why are you guys so dysfunctional ? What was it? Give us President,Senate & Congress & we will get things done!
You missed one:  calling for Trump's Impeachment
Time to step down.
You are also COMPLICIT along with the traitor @POTUS @realDonaldTrump for the disaster in the WH.  YOU need to be voted OUT for corruption!
Your president attacked our elections and installed Trump in the White House.  Maybe you should tell comrad @SpeakerRyan to impeach.
Healthcare Mitch Healthcare Healthcare Healthcare. No recess until you repeal Obamacare period.
Is that a wish list, or a reality check?
Top of List-End Commissar Mueller's witch hunt and protect our President. #MAGA
These things were done because Senators realized working together is better than infighting. They were not accomplished by your leadership.
No one is interested in anything you brag about that makes NO difference to regular people but wait at least you aren't causing harm MAYBE
How about doing something for me!!!
Ya know, the people who pay into payroll taxes, week after week.
Going home early for vacation .  Healthcare reform RIP.   @GOP senate is not in line with @potus .
With all due respect senator, this is not what Republicans campaigned on. If you cannot take your own promises seriously, why should we?
Trying to justify the fact that you have really done nothing this year even w/Rep Congress and President.
- Exiling Trump for 17 days
- Keeping ourselves exempt from laws that apply to everyone else
- Pretending Health Care debacle never happened
Kissing Trump's Ass
Why don't you add to the list....Repealed ObamaCare
Why the hell is there not a law against Media of any kind leaking classified info?This will end up causing a War,unless congress is in on it
More GOP #paytoplay crap
Loser   cant do the biggly things
@McConnellPress @FBI @NLRB talk about the boy scout lie
@McConnellPress @FBI @NLRB is that a heavy schedule? Doesn't seem so. You were so flat-footed on HC any prep for other topics?
AND...AND... (you must have forgotten) screwed all of America by not repealing OBAMACARE! So go on vacation while WE suffer!
What about repealing Obamacare and Lowering Taxes across the board
@DeptVetAffairs @VAVetBenefits @Vets_Vs_Trump @veteransunited This is pathetic! Nothing of substance here. If ur a Vet u deserve certainty!
Finally. You got something done.
Traitors.
STOP HANDCUFFING OUR PRESIDENT!! @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @foxandfriends 
We the people elected him,let him govern!
Vote out dems&rinos 2018
 Investigate your President for crimes and treason
 Fucked up healthcare last week
 Bend over and take it from TRUMP
  on folks
Almost like a real big-boy Senate.
Where's everyone going on Vacation? We'd like to,too!! Have to work to pay for Obamacare bills that are piling up! #fakerepublican
Thank you Sir. Please go to a 51 vote majority!
holy shit, give yourself a raise. so I guess you made your quota for work this year...now u can go golfing with Trump! #GOPDOYOURJOBS
Where's Healthcare? That was your focus, and tax cuts.
#TrumpRussia I don't see anything about Trump/Russia on your to do list.
Stay in DC and do your work. Stop with all the vacations. The people need to stand up and demand that you work like the rest of us.
