Thank you so much. Merry Christmas, enjoy your holidays with your family and friends! Love you 
Bella che sei  @ladygaga
I need you Mother Monster. I need you more then anything in this world. The last few days I'm very emotional and I don't know what to do. Just please read my letter. Love you so much.
@ladygaga
Thank s
Love u
Slaaayyyy
Dude that's so satanic 
http://www.commonsenseevaluation.com/2016/11/04/spirit-cooking-lady-gaga/ … 
#Followthewhiterabbit
Did I ask you?
Dont care
I was cpmmenting on the open forum picture
Hi my darilng
I love you soooo much! Happy holidays
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga
Sehr schön
Can We All Just Take A Minute!? To Appreciate This Beautiful Sweet Angel   We Have In Are life's" We Don't Deserve Her,  She Is The Best Idol Ever!  And I Wouldn't Change It For Anything In This World' She Is My .
Wow, what's up?
Happy holidays GaGa! Thx for the Joanne World Tour and congrats on the Super Bowl, thx for inspiring my career and it was a pleasure to meet you again this year. love you. #cheers.
Same for you!
Are we gonna ignore this.... im....

me: h-
mike: oomf stop shading me challenge

La amo 
Sí, sí se nota, pero no te preocupes está bien que la andes amando mil. Jiji
I LOVE YOU QUEEN
HAVE A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A MOST WONDERFUL NEW YEAR!!!! I'M SURE IT WILL BE. YOU ARE THE FEMALE ELVIS!!!
i love you GAGA
Oooh my gosh girl! I LOVE that hat!!! 'muah' ;)
Happiest of Christmases to you! Follow
Christmas is not for me one of those good days.  Many bad memories. Christmas is for family and I have to celebrate it without my own family. It's breaking my heart. I'm incurably ill and they still don't care. This could be my last Christmas. You are my mama monster. Love you.
Change your mindset. If you put out negativity that is what you attract. You can choose to have bad days and you can choose to find the joy in the most important things in life. Feeling pitty for yourself is not only not helpful but it can keep others away.
Happy Holidays to you too & to all your family & thank you for always sharing Your Love & kindness to us I love you too Mother Monster 
Love you 
Monsters please vote for Lady Gaga she deserves to win every category
VOTE FOR YOUR FAVE RIGHT NOW!!! http://www.celebsgo.com/CGAs2017/9040_Sp4PpRpI_THE-2017-CELEBSGO-AWARDS---ALL-CATEGORIES!-VOTE!.html …
Omg that piano  I'm in love with it
You want to be it 
True 
what a sweety ~I will always remember that
I am on Twitter just to try to connect with you, I'm a violinist and I would like for you to email me ashlee.tsg@gmail.com
Happy Holidays!!  I hope you have a great one!!
Lady Gaga, you are the Lady of love.
HAPPY HOLİDAY GAGA PLEASE LOOK AT MY SON WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
@ladygaga is the real monster.
All fur wearers should think of what it would be like to be defenseless with a voice nobody understands, being caged, roughly treated watching your family and friends be tortured and then it's you, being electrocuted up the ass until being skinned alive on the point of death.
uf k flow
I love you gaga !! Have a wonderful holiday season. I am very proud to be a little monster and I love you with all my heart. you are my all time favorite entertainer. You are so very beautiful 
ended world suffering
I really love you, my queen.  @ladygaga , please, mark me for the love of God.
Happy holidays to you as well GaGa. Thank you for having such a positive powerful effect on my life. Congratulations on yet another succesful year! Your Superbowl performance was one of the best of all time. Congratulations on Vegas an have fun on #JoanneWorldTourEurope U!
Thank you Gaga! Same to you as well! You are a beautiful soul! 
Aren't cha kind.  Happy New Year!
Nice
Hello gaga, look my fan art illustration, love u follow me 
I may not be able to hear your lyrics(deaf), however I read you and watch you. You are a shining light. Happy holidays to you Ms. Lady Gaga. 
@ladygaga We are wishing you the happiest holiday season as well We love youOwen, Jenn& Ryan
Free Watch #NFL games  Signup  before offer ends.
Love you Gaga 

I love you #monster4life 
Love you Queen
wish u the bestluv u
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga
Merry xmas and a happy new year gaga, i love you so much hope 2018 is better for you. <3 xxx
Gorgeous

Love you mother monster 
Queen
@ladygaga is cool l loved you A.H.S. SEXY VAMPIRE I HAVE SEEN,AND DREAM OF YOU AS THE QUEEN VAMP.
     I THINK YOU ROCK .BITE ME PLEASE!
Have an amazing holidays
Thanks dear, happy new year
You look amazing. Happy Holidays Gaga!! Love you
Hey, Gaga! I really hope that someday you'll see these tattoos I made for you. You mean A LOT to me, I get inspired in u every day! would be one of my biggest dreams coming true if you notice me. I'll always be with you. I'll take you forever in my heart. Rio is waiting for u. 
Rio/Brazil is waiting  with tons of love to give you babe 

Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
HAPPY HOLIDAYS MOM, I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
The old GaGa can’t come to the phone right now... why? Oh cuz she’s dead.
I know I was joking lol
@ladygaga Hi Gaga. Im turkish little monster since 2008. You're my   soul and  love. You're my everything.. Please follow me my mom
thanks
Keep warm my honey
Ladygaga you look so sexxxy how I wish I could be your friend pls
Gaga, all we want for Christmas is a collab with iCarly
....but @ladygaga was never Christian that is why she did not mention in her comments above. @ICarly312 You are wasting your time.
I Love you so much! Thank you for al moments that you made me happy, you are my princess, and everything you want!! 
mama!!!
ily!!!
Thank you so much Gaga!!! Happy holidays for you, your family and Christian. May God keep blessing you every day. I love you, mother monster! 
MERRY CHRISTMAS MY HONEY I LOVE YOU
omg i miss her
Lady Gaga I’ve been bullied & put down for most of my life, I always turn to your music, you bring so much light & love into my life, to thank you I got this tattoo for to you, I hope you see it @ladygaga #JOANNEWorldTour
i have so much love for you. merry christmas angel 
Merry Christmas!

Happy holidays!! I agree, we're all in this together! I wrote a poem about just that :
FUCKING LOVE YOU 
I love you Lady Gaga, enjoy your holiday!
Happy Holidays...
happy holidays queen 
I don't even think u r going to see this Tweet ever. I just want u to lnow that a person ia there who is your long loyal fan & its not me. Its a member of kpop boy group - NU'EST.  They r active as Nu'est W rn(long story). But, Ren(Choi Min Ki) is an avid fan of yours ----------
------- He has covered many of ur songs in concerts.  His bio on Twittter os also all about you.
He is such a butiful person, inside out. His Account: @ChoiGoRen
My name is Stephanie and I'm trying to figure out how to send it direct message I'd like to share something with you but I don't know how to do it can you help me figure it out
love love love love love love you gaga my life and my love and my heart and my beautiful 
Happy best of holidays too
Merry Christmas mother monster 
#BeKind for the Polar Bears too.... Lover the #natureloveingbear 
https://xcinquemila.wixsite.com/symarinus/crew 
Thanks gaga
nice one
Merry Xmas xx
Love u momma
Happy holidays my queen! 

Love you too 
hi lady

Love the emsembe la Gagaga.
TY, but your message of love came after my snarky tweets today.
Mybest friend is dying&i cant get 1 person2 help,Ive spoken 2 over 200 peple, 100 organizations&charities.Not 1 reply.I try2 keep going but no1 cares.so wat do i do?Humanity doesnt exist.Kindness doesnt exist.People dont care my friend is dying&that her daughter is traumitised.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH DEAR JO!, AND I WISH THE SAME TO YOU.... 
MATURED PEOPLE FEEL DEFINITELY THAT "VASUDHYKA-KUTUMBAKAM". AND THE PROFOUNDLY MATURED EXPERIENCE IT AS TRUE & REAL THAT THE ENTIRE GLOBE IS AS ONE FAMILY.
Thanks to you , and happy and merry holidays to you !
Eat

thanks be 2 GOD we wish u too!

I don't know about anyone else" but I am always dancing  around my house,  to gaga's music because its so good!
Dressed in all black, like The Omen.

While I’ve got your eyes, listen to this hot new song. 
http://open.spotify.com/track/6kVxMEF6 …
My Sincerest Wishes for a Happy Holiday Season To The Lady and Hers.
you look stunning Mother monster. Can't wait to see u stunning here in rio 
They are eating your soul... Bye bye. The masses will see this demonic trickery.
The Famale Rapper, Thanks.
Nice n sweet Gaga  ,have a great holiday babe !!
Where are you
It’s called Christmas  you can say it!
GAGA!!!!! 
COME TO BRAZIL
Merry Christmas miss gaga.
Happy Holidays! for you and your family 
Merry Christmas to you all !!!! Love the life you live . Live the life you love . Peace to everyone and remember you will never regret  showing kindness to all . Thank you gaga , your music makes me smile .
a really good message my lady
Looking for #Logo_intros,#promo_videos,#product_promo,#app_promo_videos,
#company_promo_video, #Designer? Contact
i love u queen
I love you  Happy holidays mommy 
Help me please
Merry xmas MM! Wifey @eli_snmche and i love you too!! 
Merry Christmas to you and thanks for the sounds! Your a blessing to this world!
(click to view video)
#BestPartof2017ForMe Snowflakes. @ChrisLoesch @DLoesch @RealJamesWoods @NewtTrump @mitchellvii @DineshDSouza @joerogan 
Happy holidays Gaga  #PawsUp
Hello Kitty Bag
TE AMO MADRE
I am a fan of Japan.
I want to see you
U are too cute!! Happy holidays to u and all ur friends and family my love  love u with all my heart!
Mr. Hanky the Christmas poo!
HELP ME SOU SEU FAN ME AJUDE PRECISO DE 16 MIL REAIS PARA PAGAR UMA DIVIDA NO BANCO SANTANDER
TENHO CADASTRO NO WWW.VAQUINHA ON LINE NO MEU NOME COSME GIL @COSMEGILLIMA2
Happy holidays to you hope you are not flaring too bad. I shall be smiling and putting on a brave face as I'm sure you will. #fibroprincess
I love youu  happy holiday and christmas to youuuuu
Merry Christmas and hope you have a great holiday. Love to you and your family  #BeKind
merece o nobel da paz
Same to you mama monster!! May your holidays be as lovely as you! Xx

You’re the Quuen 
http://gofundme.com/tylors-road-to-his-heart …
Love you so so much
Your such an inspirational and special role model as your not afraid to be different and bold . Have a great Christmas Lady Gaga  @ladygaga
Gaga please drop a Christmas song. Pls.
And we have so much luv for u
Happy holidays Gaga, we love you!! 
We love Lady Gaga Song.
Thank you ,Lady Gaga.
Miss Gaga I saw you in Vegas and wanted to say what a CLASS act. You are an amazing woman in my eyes. Merry Christmas
#Bekind Me whenever you tweet anything GAGA

Hello let's do a show in Vegas.Im booked in Vegas in April and September Jamboree.
For the hottest Vegas' pools/nightclubs/stripclubs party info/VIP reserv. 702-884-7425 (21+)
وانت لكى مني كثير الحب والسعاده
Much love back at ya

Happy Holidays to you Gaga!! Wishing you happiness and good health in the New Year. Love u
Lady Gaga my wish4 xmas is that u can help me.Not 1 celeb will look@me.I dont understand how people can b so unfeeling.LadyGaga im so tired.Itried2 start a fundraising pg with FB 4 4mnths.I sent 40 emails2 customer support&20 more to a FB initiative&2 MarkZ.No1 replied.No1 helped
To a Healthy, Happy, and Peaceful HOliday Season!  MERRY CHristmas! & HAPPy HOLIDAYs!!

!!!
I hope You Like my New art!
ARTWORK by Me  @carlosgzz03
 

#FelizNavidad
#ChristmasEve
#Christmas2017 
@ladygaga 
#ladygaga 
@gagadaily
You are an inspiration! Thank you!
Happy Holidays Queen 
Thank you Mother Monster: you are the most beautiful human being when expressing those beautiful words, you and we the little monsters are a family. We wish you a happy holiday and prosperity for the year 2018. Remember that we love you always for being as you are! 

I love you Gaga
Merry X-Mas to you GAGA, You are the best !!!!!!!
For christmas i want ARTPOP ACT II Thank you SanGa

You are such an incredible human being. Thank you.
Have a wonderful holiday, love!
Light and Love!
i love u so much 
Happy holidays, Gaga! 
