,÷*#*#
love you
hi dear I am so excited for you
No one wants to unwrap that
#NoMore
#MenToo
OH MY GAGA you threw me back to 2009 
Look good beautiful bebe I love honey
gaga, ur getting me in my feels
hahaHAHAhahahuhHahuHhuah it’s FINE 
JENNA
IM NOT OK
I SC REAM ED
Love you
Don't what u are wearing girl
wow I’d eat ur ass
Draco constellation
Hello gaga, look my fan art illustration, love u follow me 
We are NOT asking for funds or donations
Just acts of kindness to a person  sleeping rough on your journeys in your everyday lives.
A bite to eat, a chat or even just a smileas this can save lives

PLEASE post stories on http://Bearawitness.com  
This is a Global Campaign 
For u lady gaga
///GURL LOOKIN LIKE A CHRISTMAS GIFT/// jk love it
<3 <3
This was my first show of yours and you did not disappoint! You’re AMAZING!!!! 
Nice to ha
Okay Kool I will make you feel better about to start with you
You can see that you have a great time with my issues and other things that you have to be able to make me feel like a great time with you
This outfit remember me so much The Fame era... 
#SLAP YOUR #STYLIST
Oii??? Gente será um sinal da nova era? amém?
2018 but The Cure’s music video isn’t out yet, all we have is a lyric video that will break your neck from reading lyrics upside down, and in all directions
Stunning-love your music
não gostei
vai dormir Guilherme
não quero vou ficar socializando com minha amiga a lady gaga
never stop being creative, you always inspire me when my mind goes blank on creativity.
Gotta love the Gaga! #ladygagahugefan
Love u
hottness
awesome pics
Th m
Hi
@ladygaga I am #LIVING for that #Lip 

I love that my son loves Lady Gaga as much as me. It's the cutest thing ever. He's been a #LittleMonster since 3 years old. His favorite song has always been Venus. Next tour I'm definitely taking him with me. He would have…
sslayyyy
I hope you are well.
This is like the Marry the Night look 
Hi

Wish I had the ppl in my life to do that.... very creative person but no one to share it with
The same goes for bad thoughts too. If we let them reside in our mind, our body becomes poisoned. Must always express ourselves!

Im getting judas vibes from this
منور جوكر 
Loving the lippy!
will find 1 or 2 before the new year, here dito
Benissimo
My outfit is no outfit. Just me...bare exposed, proud, humiliated. In honour of 'People Like Us'
She is the most beautiful woman I've ever witnessed. 
Please support my GoFundMe campaign:
better chant "namo amituofo" and get a clear mind afterwards.
Lady, I go gaga over you! 
That's a wrap!
For Me...
In My Home...
what a queen 
ICONIC, LEGEND I LOVE U SO SO SO MUCH 
@ladygaga How are u today Gaga?? I had a chilled day with my family watching films. When do you go home for Christmas?? Have a terrific time. Goodnight sweetie, #Bubbledreams, I love you so much xoxox
