When are you sacrificing them?
awwww want to see the comments
grito curtiu o próprio tweet
Oh gosh, they are beautiful...simply....
Love it that you are playing with them
Awww goats or sheeps?
The reason why they’re running from gaga because gaga never took a shower for months
Or what if their playing tag?
No, she smells really bad
so cute 
This is a Longshot but... by any chance are you looking for a ranch hand to care for those lovelies,  @ladygaga ? 
Unconditional !!!
So cute babies
I wish I could take care of mine miniature horses
                          Dream of land, D. Kam
Will you be wearing their skin too?
Beautiful i love horses
They are so cute that one of my dreams to have a mini-farm and live there.  What are there names?

They are beautiful 
Nice
Beauty in horses
so cute
This is the best!!
What about this baby ??
wow you are awesome
They’re so cute !! What are their names !?
so cute
Queen Of mother nature 
did you just cut florence’s part how dare you
i didn’t mean to reply to you
放开那只小马，让我来！！
release the horse, let me do it
Beautiful
Hay girl can you here me!!
Beautiful xx 
Omg lol
Best Animals in the universe
This is veryyyy Cute
Aww they're so cute.
What makes them running away from you:)

Cute babies but good lord girl! Are you running barefoot?? Be careful barefoot and horses don't usually mix well 
So cute.Looks like your playing game of tag

good
You need someone to help teach you how to interact with animals so they want to be with you & not run from you #LanguageOfAnimals
Cute
they look cute
Your so stupid... cute.. running around chasing them...I love it... we all need to find our inner child inside each one of us.
@shannoncohen621
U lucky
Nice
Gotta love the outfit.  You can take the girl out of the city but you can't take the city out of the girl.
We could never get tired of watching this!!
New family
Adorable
Kind mother.
There beautiful. Magical Ms Gaga...
Awesome 
they look so pretty!
Awesome trio
*jaw drop*
Awesome!
Beautiful 
hhahaha!!! they are so cute :*
They are pretty
Aah lovely. Xx
to vendo 3 bbs
Beautiful pets
Awww, Such cuties~ 
They look just like you.
Awww @ladygaga I train miniature horses for a living. . How COOL IS THIS! !!! <3 <3 :) so exciting to see
Gorgeous!
Helo angel hw re u doin ova thy
Lady gaga hw ws d era
Beautiful
Pony chaser
wow is pretty
love your new babies you look like so much fun
You are a wonderful person. Animal lover


Such a beautiful video! You look like a little Colt, running with them. 
Ainda pensando nas cirurgias plásticas que você fez sua kenga
Not for nothing, but you're scaring the crap out of them between your dress flapping in the wind and chasing them. Stop acting like a predator, I know you're better than that.
Sugar, carrots and apples
I love you Gaga ♡
Are those for your Satanic Rituals?
 
Pets make the world almost livable
Nice
Sweet fun! Looking forward to a great show tonight! #SaltLakeCity #VivintArena
Love the babies
Living the dream and dreaming the life! Nothing say's love like a girl finally getting the pony she wished for on her birthday candles!
Thanks for sharing! Please continue to helping people suffering from Fibromyalgia. It's real. # #thankyou
Awe. Cute Children. icy animals.
They are adorable! I'm trying to save up to purchase a hobby farm so we can have a place for rescue animals.
u are quiker than them
We just got hey girl mv 
Lovely creatures, all of you! Horses are so sweet!
SHE CUTE OR WHATEVER!! I LIVE FOR THIS
Love them
Wish she would help Legendary Mustang Sanctuary as we work tirelessly t our non profit to rescue America's national treasures.... the wild Mustang horses and burros. We rescue babies too... very sweet animals.
I'd love to get my grandchildren one some day, having fibromyalgia, procedures on my back, RoRo can no longer take the pain of being their pony... It sucks..
Wish you.could help Legendary Mustang Sanctuary as we work tirelessly ad a non profit to rescue America's national treasures.... the wild Mustang horses and burros.We rescue the babies too!
What are you doing with them gaga ?
@WhitneyCummings a woman after your own heart, minus the possibly cracked pelvic bone
@ladygaga beautiful!
Awwwww there are so cute
That's super cool
Love that song wish the intro were longer
@RDTLadyGaga loveee you

Awe they are so pretty
thy so cut
Deje de molestar a los caballitos, señora.
Dejala, está gagá 
ladies folly!
hmmmm
I dare you to jump on and ride one.
I think a little sugar would do wonders
Nice
@tiffanybird93 this is so weird I’m howling
They are obviously scared of you man!
Loooooooool
Broken my Heart!!! Beautiful!!
 I love U 
MV for hey girl! Lol yay 
Are they miniatures? They are beautiful.

We want an icarly song!
Lovely
Aww,and you're the only woman I'd think of to be out with the horses in a dress
Precious
I like one of them
Beautiful 
I love it.
Awwww, they’re beautiful
So nice
Galopeira
Hahahahaha Queen of FARMING
Children today prefer salt...
Adorable
Queen of everything 

Beautiful animals and I know you will take the best care of them.
I’m so jealous
hey girl, hey girl
they are cute
Beautiful
How is Batpig adjusting to being a working ranch dog?
There precious


Hajar sendiri
bring them with you on your next show #ladybringsthebabies
eso es - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9KPufjyqL4 …
this sound
How blessed you are to have these lovelies in your life
Me running after u to notice me 
Nice babys

Ahhh they are spool cute
I meant to say soooo not spool
Are those horses
I love horses
Play date? Lol.

So cute
