So beautiful
MAMITAS RICAS!!!!
#HausOfGaga <3 <3<3
Merry Christmas and HAPPY NEW YEAR Mother Monster !!!!<3
Sure you'll get along, LOL  Al . X.
TE AMOOOO
Yes
I love this photo. I love you GaGA
Wonderful how beautiful u r.
Very nice
Hi
Owww my life 
Good
Hello gaga, look my fan art illustration, love u follow me 

#Love the #ear!!!
Great pic
You look so cute together adorable
Клевая телка


Yearbook quote? Sisters by blood. Friends by choice.

Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
What a beautiful sister, your look amazing.
So beautiful
I like anythingmam.  
Little one, have you forgotten the face of your father?
nice
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga
PLEASE LOOK AT ME MOTHER MONSTER I NEED YOU SO MUCH YOU ARE MY LİFE 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
Literally my fav picture im still crying
Looking for help to live longer 
http://www.gofundme.com/ilonaw 
Wondering if anybody read this message
You sisters are GORGEOUS so beautiful ....
So beautiful 

Coys
You Legolas- My Legolas #LadyGaga #legolas
The sister from the telephone music video !!
Getting along means #NoMore #MenToo
2 beautiful Queens 
My little monster hi


okaerinasai
Beautiful picture, as always.
Hv fun
@crystalchild333 
Love you Lady Gaga.... Goddess
#StaysNVegas
-AreYouReallyOnlyFiveFootTwo? !
ガガ様、今日は中国の女性とたくさん話をしました。名前が花の名前で
なんだか嬉しくなりました。
とても楽しいひと時でした。
体が硬くて、辛いねーと言いながら
一生懸命にマッサージしてくれました。お陰で、午後も元気に働けたよ。
Nic
Nice picture sweet
Shhhhh!!!
Nice
You are so beautiful!!! 

I love that my son loves Lady Gaga as much as me. It's the cutest thing ever. He's been a #LittleMonster since 3 years old. His favorite song has always been Venus. Next tour I'm definitely taking him with me. He would have…
@GlamLifeGuru is this you? 
La life is beutyfull lady
OMG ELF GAGA YASSSSS
foarte frumoasa
好漂亮
Get a lot of money for free with this web :
http://MyCashDream.com/?ref=46578 
Fabulous
fascinating
Lovly
So very beautiful my lady gaga
great pic---all the best to you both and the family
Merry Christmas wish I was there
Cute
Nice
Two more gigs, and a bit of down time, tis this tweet seasonable to stay up
¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡Bad Kids!!!!! grgrggrgrgrg you look like so beautiful
That sounds very possible and positive
I love lady Gaga ,  I love yo moch
i wish i have the opportunity say hi
So beautiful
What a beautiful photo x
Have a great Christmas and a safe New Year
Good looking, have a great Christmas and a safe New Year

Once Again your sister is Hooooooot Looking!
Awesome ladies
All get along? That would be a Christmas Miracle  It would be Awesome
Merry Christmas
بحبك
Amen sista
love you mozão
gaga te amoooooooo
I love you lady gaga
Yo soy tu fan
Come to Brazil Gaga, you promissed
Lindasssss
I like it you
beautiful!
Beautiful 
Queens!
#Frozen #HausOfGaga #LadyGaga
Slayyyy Bells Rangin' 
@ladygaga I love you 
Nice ear
Happy Holidays and blessings @ladygaga and @germmonster318
She is a lucky girl I will love to be in her place
Hi
Great
Cool pictures you two look gray
What a pair of beautiful sisters. Happy holidays to both of you too. XOXO 
Christmas after dark?
Musa te amo
Kul
Happy Holidays!
Plz search Keatons video from Knoxville, you will cry I did so sad
sexy
This so cute, this is so amazing  oh, lovely mom 
Your sister looks like @PoppyDeyes  
two different kind of beauty. I love u
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays           
Us elves gotta stick together...too many trolls causing problems.  @elfquest
Hot looking
Invented Christmas 
nice nice
Great Picture  !!
I love you lady gaga i wish i see you in personal
Looking forward to hearing you sing for the next Frorororozen movie
Sister is stunning too!
Be all that you can be :)) and definitely laugh at yourself when necessary
https://www.ebay.com/usr/goraya_guy 
Just when you thought she couldn't get more revolting 
These are the best pretty women in tje world  i love you two so much. My mother and my aunt
Get at me
GROSS!!!
Nice but I prefer
Merry Christmas mother monster. Lady Gaga. 
You and Natali always slay  Happy Holidays to you and your family Queen Gaga 
Somebody this evil looking shouldn't be a role model
It's like God gave you two noses
wow you would've looked awesome in lord of the rings

STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL
Looks like double trouble 
Bon.soir Cher ami je.tador bijoux
Beautiful x 2 
Thank you your a ledgend keep making your fans proud and your beautiful music have a blue merry chrismas and a happy new year and also to your fans and family and friends
Beautiful girls
Merry Christmas Gaga !  To you and yours 
Now I can tell you “I  Fucking XMas”
Ok yes
LOVE OF MY LIFE
حلوه
Could use a @fireflycloak Gaga!  We can help!  
Y'all look adorable...
You are Looking Very Gorgeous, Hot and Sexy Beauty,, & ,, 
      Deep Heartily I LOVE YOU So Much..
      Do You Love me Sweetheart????

Merry Christmas to you too! Have a blessed 2018
puke...
Galadriel is shook
