love & support you...Stay strong. I know your struggle. #fibroawareness #hope #cure #fibrowarrior
Super
So Fantastic
it was a great show! 
You were wayyyy more Amazing!  
i.......    ...
.
@IPilataxi  LAS KK digo gagas 
I love it
THIS PHOTO IS PERFECT 
I was in awe! 
grew quite fond of this woman , the music , the emotional qualities in her voice , the spirit and passion.. guess I'm just another @ladygaga fan after all , even if I should say so myself.
Me gusta tu música, como te expresas, tu originalidad en tu vestuario

Very nicce!
空飛ぶガガ様

Year man fly if u can
If I were Justin right now
FREE Vikings Products - Limited edition
Your songs make me happy
Your was amazing!!
Amedical student  from Iran  Islamic : I have never seen such a brave and angelic voice before Just look  how amazing she performanced the anthem of the USA  no one I think  has performanced totally the superbowl and the anthem as she did Love you gaga


Nice clerks
I don’t mean to throw shade on Justin but Stefani you Top that easy!
I love my man Bruce; no one ever did the Super Bowl halftime show as well as you, including Mr. Timberlake this year 
Do you forever to body gone...???or Chang life if asked you???
@ladygaga
super bowl
Hope you feel better soon sweets!
Вы очень красивпя женщина!
Honey, YOU won the Super Bowl last year. I watched it again on YouTube before the Super Bowl this year.
Wow
As much as I like Justin, you will always have the claim to the best Super Bowl show!
You definitely did a much greater job than Justin!
Good nigt
Awesome!
Love your performance my queen
Didn't come close to your performance!
it's really a nice one
Vc q fez a historia do Superbowl loveu
I know that you know that he's not gonna do better than you !
You were awesome last year and the year before when you sang the national anthem. Love you
You are Amazing~!!
Brilliant!!
You look so pretty
Şev baş gaga
Sei unica e speciale e sempre lo rimarrai!
Main todh leta agar gulab hoti,
mai jawab banta agar sawaal hoti,
sab jante hain mai nasha nahi karta,
Par pee leta agar sharaab hoti
Unfortunately it was not amazing
Your show/performance was a whole lot better - my opinion.
No
我很关心你
How did the Super Bowl Change your Life?
Ok good to go
Your show was better
I would take your performance any day over @jtimberlake. Yours was amazing! His? Not so much.

What did you think of @pink at the Grammy Awards and singing the National Anthem at the Super Bowl?
We are so upset that JJ has not been appropriately aknowledged in this time of #MeToo
Justin was good but your show was simply incredible. Still have it on my PVR and watching it back still give me goosebumps! Luv you Gaga
I am an Iranian . I live in the south of Iran at bandar Abbas. I can’t come out of Iran to see you and ur song .becoze I have no enough money to travel.any way I watched u by satellite. And now I have A mobile to follow you by internet. This is the big chance forme
love is the pretty
It wasn't. I love him but. No. I missed you. #fibrofriend
Lady Gaga’s show at the super bowl was way better than Justin! Go Gaga! Get better soon!
I just watched “Five foot two” and I thought it was amazing. My late daughter suffered from anxiety and pain, but she let the doctors take care of her pain with medication. She would have been 44 on Feb. 23.
It was not..
It wasnt sadly lmao
You were amazing. Unfortunately, I think JT's performance was like a warm mayo sandwich.
You are Absolutely Amazing Lady Gaga!
New footage of Lady Gaga performance at the superbowl down below ...
あなたの健康と幸せをいつも願っています
We all thought he was a bit of a disappointment
You were amazing and Justin was as well. It was quite an experience having worked the Superbowl this year. I was helping vendors get on buses and was outside in the cold. 
I have fibromyalgia as well and I am in so much pain. Don't take meds make me sick. Love that you are you.
Lol xxxxxxxxxxxx dddddddddddddddddddd
THE BEST
Love U！
It  wasn't.  Nothing compared to you.
Remember Saw Lady Gaga on British TV at the very begin of the Cariere ( the time- She was a no name)
hello miss
I Love
文化输出
Ur sooo cute......
Eu te amo!
loveyou
nice
Fat
Your superbowl halftime show is my favorite.
Very nice 
Udalsinghsomsiyas udalsinghsomsiyas
Indescribable was how beautiful you looked at the Grammys. Breathtaking!
You are a genius ,you are a hero ,your are a legend forever.
Nothing like your performance!
And You were the greatest with the national anthem!!
I though it was great loved the prince tribute can't wait till I get that chance.      STAN
Uma verdadeira princesa
Gaga
hello
Nice baby
You owe me an apology.
Timberlake was ok. I think they should have picked Bruno Mars for a male singer,  way better dancer and puts a better show beside yourself. Am happy Philly Won, Who needs that Trump supporter win. 
It sucked.
The one of @jtimberlake was  i esotérico a show year For that it was the worst #Superbowl i saw in my life .
Bit i loved yours @ladygaga
Wow flying monster
the best show of all time.
Take care Mami
I know that you are suffering and in deep body pain. I have a friend you need to speak with he is a healer. Please let me know if you would like me to connect you to him.. he can help.
I love u
So cute
Beatyfull charm 
@ladygaga

Playing the Super Bowl last year was indescribable.  It changed my life! So excited to see what Justin’s going to do, I know it will be amazing! #SB52 #SuperBowl #Superbowl52 
Nice
You were better.
Need you back, Justin was boring.

Queen
legend
Wishing you health. Hope you feel better soon. Take care of you and take all the time you need.
Hi. Happy New Year. You look fabulous.
And I hope that you get better and that son you keep delighting us with your great shows alll around the world and GOD bles you and America amen amen and amen
I still think you were better than Justin Timberlake though because YOU QUEEN GAGA
Queen
I love you
Wait what? I thought Kylie Jenner‘s baby was the Performer lol
¡Best Halftime Show!
Legend
Been watching last years on repeat today! What an unbelievable performance!! You KILLED it!
Yeah but your show was truly amazing!!!
Personally I was not impressed!
Yours is still the best boo, didn’t even tune in to his cause once you’ve seen the best what’s the point 
okGaga
Sweetheart you performance was the best.  I loved it GBU
No one could beat your performance, even my 4 year old sister asked me yesterday if you was doing it again and when I said no she sat and cried then made me play “Bloody Mary” her fave gaga song. Praying for you gaga. #PawsUp baby! 
It wasn't even close to amazing!  Yours will be hard to beat!
Eheh
You are the best
Justin put on a great show! I still consider your half time show, and Prince's the top two, though. #absolutelegends
I LOVE YOU QUEEN GAGA.
He sucked, it suvked. U raised the bar baby! Last year was epic!
YOU ARE SO  SPECIAL ARTIST...I LOVE YOU DEAR, GOD BLESS YOU, AND MARIA SANTISIMA.
YOU ARE #1.
I respect Justin did.But what you did gaga is insurmountable.That's love for what you love to do Gaga standing applause.I love 
I love that photo
How are you filling

Okay now we're going Gaga

I’m from Texas and I loved the significant pause after the first line in Poker Face. I still love watching it on you tube. Best halftime show ever! Love you Gaga!
You shut up. Your part-time show was just as boring! @katyperry thats better!!
We love an airborn legend
You were great. Wasn't interested in seeing Justin because he's scum. Great musician, but scum.

spoiler: It wasn't amazing
I wish you could do it every year!
Gaga is Forever Better
Your Super Bowl was outstanding. In the top 5 of performance at SB. Unfortunately Justin's fell way short of yours. Only proves "Girls Rule".
it wasn’t

Both of you were great
#420opencarry #legalizeit #freetheweed2019
LOL.. WHERE is the comparison.. Lady u blew the Super Bowl Away nd Rocked the National Anthem. You are loved ..idc how weird you are ...
You still amazing. @ladygaga
Cool
