Lady Gaga one year ago Sonja and Andre got married, we miss her so much @ladygaga such a special day RIP Sonja
https://twitter.com/amygrimessuxx/status/975787084601577472?s=21 …
Love
So sorry you had experience that loss. I know what it's like.
I miss u gaga every day
@ladygaga #LittleMonsters #LadyGaga #10YearsOfGaga
Iloveyou lady
Sonja is always with you my darling. When we love someone whatever she or he do. She (he )  is always on our side. Maybe when you are eating watching and sleeping she is near you. And love you protect you. I love you. Don’t be to sad. I’m your LM
Entendi sua dor temos algo em comum meus sentimentos sinceros 
Te amo
I miss Tanzania
U
I think Sonja found Joanne in heaven  @ladygaga
Lol. New research indicates breast cancer is made by poor bra design.

Want salt? This 'disease' is actually caused by a buncha idiots made badly fitting bras.

Go figure.

@ladygaga breast cancer is horrible it affects women and men of every age but yet when I was being diagnosed at 31 my insurance refused to pay for a mammogram because I was too young to have cancer ...
Hi Mom, may God comfort your heart every day with this terrible piece, of the B***zil and of the whole world we love you 
Censurei a palavra ''Brazil''porque tenho certeza que ela silenciou.
Todo dia nos sofremos


I LOVE U
RIP Sonja 

That is my favorite pic of you! Stunning.  I know you are so very busy. I   You have empowered me in my life with all the things Im going thru. April 10th having my brain aneurysm clamped. U will be in my headphones, as always thru my 20 + http://surgeries.LOVE  YOUUR #1 FAN
@ladygaga #LittleMonsters #LadyGaga
Hi
Kiso ho
I had to pay out of pocket to have a mammogram done then it took my insurance almost a year to pay for my double mastectomy because they said it wasn’t a life saving surgery @ladygaga cancer patients need better help I’m sorry about Sonja 
Screenshot please
me
Omg just watching Gaga: Five Foot Two and scène where she is talking to Her friend Sonja RIP xoxo
A dor de perder um amigo e a mesma dor de perder o uma parte da carne
Mother talvez eu tenha um geito neurótico como Kanye West mas saiba que viu me curar e erguer minhas garras pra cima e mostrar o monstro que eu sou fazendo o bem e o amor ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Love you.

1hp is enough for 4 people #Fortnite #god #UVA @TSM_Daequan @TSM_Hamlinz @TSM_Myth @Ninja @TSM_CaMiLLs @FortNiteClipz  @FortniteRoyaIe #Trending 
@ladygaga
I Love You

#SubscribeNow https://youtu.be/pGyaQnscve8    #sunday #reads #SundayBlogShare #SundayMorning #MondayMotivation #woc #ThoughtsWhileGroceryShopping #Entrepreneurship …
Sonja is with you... ALWAYS
Bakit ka Vice Ganda?  Di nalang Pres Ganda?

Sonja will always be with you and she is so proud of you. Sending lots of love your way. 
WE MISS YOU!!!
I love u
sending love :)
Marielle Franco, an activist of strength and courage who fought for the less favored people of the favela, lgbts, blacks and feminist women. She was brutally killed with 9 shots in Rio de Janeiro, I would like a woman to support this fight and at least say something...
Gaga when will we get to see A Star Is Born first trailer?
She is always with you and is so proud of you
Losing a friend is hard. I understand how you feel it’s been 10 years since my friend passed and I still miss him. Just remember they are always with with you.
My best friend passed away of breast cancer 2 years ago and I just visited her mother today. Had a good cry. I miss her every day also. #breastcancerawareness
I Love You
Gaga LOOK  Your Friend Donatella Versace Is On Instagram Live!
Can I Get A Follow!? Love You 

My daughter Sonja sends her love  And we both send a big warm hug.
She will always be with you, cheering you on and loving you. True friendship doesn't ever die. Especially when you're soul sisters 
Will you help the http://bearawitness.com  campaign increase awareness & kill the stigma of rough sleeping?

We are NOT asking for donations
Just an ACT OF KINDNESS when we see a homeless person. A sandwich, a coffee, chat, even a smile

Read about it
http://essentiallypop.com/epop/2018/03/b …
Lost me auntie to cancer I know exactly how you feel but she will be so proud of you 
Sort of related, stress related illnessnesses are nearly 90 percent of illnesses. Having said this I don't need added stress so I hope I'm your fetish babe. I can only be myself. 
WE HAVED OUR.OWN SONYA
My favorite necklace broke  but I turned the cure on and gaga fixed it with her love 
Jacob 
Hi.sweety,love you
Helo
I Love You,
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga #JoanneWorldTour
PLEASE LOOK AT ME GAGA I NEED YOU SO MUCH YOU ARE MY LİFE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
I love you, MOTHER MONSTER.
I will be forever whit you in the good and bad moments of your  life.
ガガちゃん

Where you collaboration whit bloodpop????  Isss amazing
She is an angel, and she’s always by your side... love you with all my heart strong girl
Awe I can't even see the tweet it says "unavailable" now.....sorry for your loss tho Mother Monster.
hii
Ill never forget the beautiful speech you gave about Sonja at the JWT in Toronto! It had me in tears and it was so heart felt. We love you Gaga and Sonja will forever be looking over you!
You to

May her soul rip always remember that we love you 
Lost my grandma 1 January of 2018 to breast cancer. Sending my love to you and Sonja 

I love u gaga
On the Pinot, pinot Grigio girls pour your heart out watch your blues turn gold, all the Pinot, Pinot Grigio girls keep it real cold, ‘cause it’s a fired up world! 

How do you feel Gaga???
Keep it real cold, ‘cause it’s a fired up world. Rest in peace Sonja 
Me too!
But I miss you more Gaga! 
And u are here !!
The surroundings of our love 4 others is inmense d heart soul r d carriers of our emotions n our memories are 4 ever,as sonja is d breath you take d wind that touches your face d light when u open your eyes she is d color of life that is here for you 2 touch n share with d world
I Love You 
IF YOU REALLY WANTED , TO COME TO ME .RESPECTFULLY ...   IN
My Idol 
I can relate, it sucks! #LoveForever
I love you gaga  forever wishing you would tell me you love me too.
What a way to pay tribute to your friend she would be so happy Your so sincere and real you both were lucky to have shared such a good friendship. Hugs
Grigio girls
We love u xox
I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL. I LOST MY BEST FRIEND, MY SISTER, WHOM I TOOK CARE OF FOR 22 YEARS. I MISS HER EVERYDAY!!
Love your heart 
U SO SWEET PUSS PUSS BADASS ET DE L'ARGENT DE L'ARGENT POUR LA CHARITÉ
Oh neném, não me quebra assim
Sim 
im so sorry mommy, we all know what it is like to loose someone but stay strong, like you always do! we are so proud of you... 
take your time, xoxo LittleMonser gagali

Whoa

I miss you...
Love you 
i'm so sorry mammy @ladygaga
Hope you get well

She is still with u just like god is with us 
Sorry baby. I hope you're having a good time doing you. I'm taking up skateboarding again. I was just trying to remember a song I thought I heard on the radio and its my song not one from the radio. How cool. Love you..
AND I MISS YOU EVERYDAY
Miss her . you more
I Love u so much gaga!! U change my Life
Just like I miss auntie everyday. But they're with us all the time

We miss u gaga
Sonja perhaps happier in paradise

She’s just started other life
Sonja will be with you always
I pray everyday that you find some kinda of comfort. We love you gaga stay strong even though somw times its hard you got this keep your head heald high and those high heals pointed you got this b
Sending love x
I'm so sorry for your lost I know where your coming from I've had the same lost to this cruel disease xx

I am a breast cancer survivor also..she is and was a strong warrior,u snd she changed the world for us survivors.she is with u.I have fibro
Please help me raise awareness for our beautiful 2 year ole Bodie so she can be a brain cancer survivor xx #cancersucks
I love you so much gaga  SOOOOOOOOO MUCH!!!!!!!

My mom died from cancer 10 years ago  it’s a fired up world.
I miss my mom everyday too . #cervicalcancer
Q pega, tu humillas la buena musica, no sabes cantar
Sorry for the loss of your good friend. #FuckCancer
Love u queen 
:(
Sweetheart, she is an angel now. 
Rest in peace Sonja 

I lost my mom to breast cancer. Emotional healing is an ongoing endeavor.
Aw @ladygaga i love you, thoughts are with you. My mums finished her chemo/surgery and now onto radiotherapy. We are all hoping for the all clear soon! So i know how you felt/feeling #cancersucks #breastcancerawareness i love you, thanks for giving me/us strength



There's no place like home 
...She knows the way now. 
She can hear your heart. 
"It's gonna be ok" ~Sonja 
Xoxo
#grigiogirls #rubyslippers #yellowbrick #superpower 
#GagaStrong 
@ladygaga

She will be missed 
Love you so much 
Thank you for singing ‘Grigio Girls’ at my show. Such a powerful and emotional song that will always have a special place in my heart. I love you so much gaga, Sonja is watching over you from heaven, with Joanne. They’d be so proud of you, just like I am. 
Awwwwww ughhhh now im sadddd 


Stay Strong 
Love you @ladygaga ! Sonja will forever live in our hearts!

We miss her too  Our grigio girl :3
She will always be our special angel 
I love you baby
Sonja is with you each and everyday! I have no doubt she is right by your side. I'm sure she's taking care of you from heaven my love. #BreastCancerAwareness
I love u
Gone but never forgotten
I miss you everyday


te amo

I love you so much Gaga <3
