You HAVE to watch this little girl sing “Joanne” by @ladygaga!  
The power of music and it’s impact 
Adorable!
@girlsreallyrule
https://www.facebook.com/pr.islamiceducational/photos/a.495463853798289.116841.493553273989347/1888828597795134/?type=3&theater …
Bayılıyom sana lady

This made me smile so much 
Eesddxx
Nice
Yayyy you noticed
That is precious!!
So sweet, I haven’t stopped singing Joanne and Girl where do you think you’re going for a whole week since Birmingham, my work colleagues are GaGa’d out! Love it, share the love x
Who is Joanne when she is at home...,!!??"
Twitter is the wrong place for this when we have a @jack running the show. I beg of you to stop this in the name of #LOVE young lady 
#Q for the sake of all Children...now matter how awesome your music is to me.

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07B6D6WPC 
Omg! She is so adorable.
Adorable !!
Omg @emilyhuckabee !!
Mainha mostrando todo o carinho pelos seus filhotes. É rainha do pop que chama né?!


So sweet! Thank you Gaga, for inspiring young people with your beautiful and brilliant self. 
You rock!
f
So precious
Sooooooooo cute x
Cuteeee
Omg
Adorbs!!
This is a wonderful video
Sweetest girl!!

im sobbing
@Mitzy06y
STAPPP MY HEART 
cute 
Love u  l Lady Gaga
Nice
AY LINDA LADY CON TUS ATUENDOS ASUSTAS A LOS NIÑOS,,,,JAJAJAJ, NO QUISIERA ENCONTRARME CONTIGO DESPUES DE MEDIANOCHE UNA NOCHE LLUVIOSA, SE PARECE EN ARGENTINA A..............A VER A VER A QUIEN????
So sweet 
We are so excited for the next era 
PLEASE LOOK AT ME MOTHER MONSTER 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
So sweet
@ladygaga how proud does this make you feel?? Doesn’t get more sweeter 
Omg so cuteee 

Absolutely Gorgeous and Adorable!!
That is adorable!
I like you but im really fucked up as a person

aww
She is the cutest! 
@JoanneWorldTour beautiful!!!

Aannnnddd now I’m crying!!! What an adorable baby girl!
My heart melted 
...OMG, UT DOCS, R NOT HELPING! BANDAID EFFECT. FIX DA CAUSE, PAIN ENDS W/ DA RIGHT CURE,#MAXIMIZEDLIVING.
Fix why you do not heal with quantum physics wellnes, let go of tramatic emotional luggage causing illness.
@JoanneWorldTour 
@JoanneWorldTour ه

That is probably the sweetest, cutest and coolest thing I've ever seen on twitter @ladygaga it must do your heart proud to know that you inspired something like this. Very sweet. It does my heart good as well.
I was inspired by this video to write a poem if anyone is interested in reading it you can find it here: https://www.facebook.com/notes/calvin-gregory/like-a-prayer/2084354055144325/ … I've never seen anything as sweet as this video in all of my life:)
This is the sweetest thing !
amazing!
好
That little girl is magical

#Joanne
Those facial expressions
Toddler Twizzler
That is just too cute
Oh little old me, attraction status
@JustinParra11
WHAT A CUTIE
Is this supposed to be shady or adorable? 
Ofourse ,sweetest
Ow my heart
Awe so adorable love it she did a great job! Love u Gaga hope u feel better Queen 
Queen of children
@SamanthaAucello @AriadneRentz @itz_marianne i’m crying
OMG! She is PRECIOUS! When you can touch the hearts of our little ones, you have made magic that will last forever 
My daughter sings "poker face" when she was 11months old. All you can understand is the "ma ma ma ma" and the "po po po pa pa pa face". Sad didn't record her. She's 9 years old now and still singing your songs. We love you gaga 
So beautiful 
Applause para esta hermosa Little Monster!
HOW CUTE 
gaga I'm your biggest fan I been following you for 10 years now it's time to love me. 
Oh yisus! she's adorable
She's amazing
She is really feeling the music and getting into it. So, so sweet.
HA HA SWEET AS

Absolutely sweet and adorable!! Thank you for sharing it, Lady Gaga!! I hope and pray you feel better each and every day!! 
Fiquei mocionada

What a sweet, precious girl! 
Cutest lass
@JoanneWorldTour o brazil i love you. 
Lol I need to record my 3 year old daughter singing born this way
Bless her sweet little heart 
GaGa you HAVE to see this! So many creative Little Monsters joined in to show you how much we love and miss you
i’m screaming

How sweet
ADORABLE!
No words...just heart. 
Xoxo
#Joanne #GagaStrong
こんなモノをあのペド野郎に知られるわけにはいかない
隠さなきゃ！コスモ・ボーイがくるぞ‼︎
Yay, I’m so glad you saw her!! She is the sweetest little monster. Alba is pretty much all of us in one tiny beautiful human. This one is my fav, “You just gave me a Million Reasons not to stay and dance”... I love HER! 
oh Gosh! Since i heard that song i cried, and now this version , that’s the effect you made Mother, God bless you and stay strong, get well. Cheers from México
Love you gaga! 
Those shoes!  She’s precious.
I love you so much it hurts. my sincere feelings, I love you so much girl 
Im dying of diabetes 
What a little Angel! She can sure sing Gaga!
Awww thats so sweet!!!!! 
love it
so cute!

so cute
https://twitter.com/ladygaga/status/960555553532493824 … please look at all of the replies to your tweet that you posted yesterday! we all miss you so much and love you x

Xo Joanne 
Gaga please look at this! some of your little monsters including myself made these to show you how much we appreciate and miss you
lady gaga reage pelo amor de lady gaga
We miss you so much

Eu te amo. Estou do seu lado em tudo que acontecer, como você está comigo musicalmente em todos os bons e maus momentos da minha vida. Você nunca estará sozinha. 
My future daughter  I will continue your legacy until the day I die 
MY HEART
Viteeeeeeeeees como haces de jalta, viteeeeees, viteeees
Loveee u
You truly inspires the next generation not only to express their musical talent but also to grow up and be a more kinder and compassionate person! Thank you for showing by example! 
I.  Love. Her!!  She is absolutely #adorable.
Omg I love
Cute I love it
yessss finnally gaga saw it.
Adorableness
Hey miss ga ga my niece is a big fan of yours
Beautiful
I love the song

So cute! You are so loved, Gaga!
@thesleepyspud @cleopiatrah @butwecan
I LOVE YOU
Adorable. Even the youngest of us have our Joanne.
Lindíssima, disse tudoooo
@laura250414  espero que esta vez no me ignore de nuevo jajajaja
So adorable 
I love you my queen 
I really hope you see this #Joanne. I worked so hard on it for you.
I made this doll for you for #joanneworldtourdallas and security took it away so I wasn’t able to toss it but I worked so hard on it and made it all by hand. It’s a #joanneicorn and I’m going to try to give it to you in …

I made this doll for you for #joanneworldtourdallas and security took it away so I wasn’t able to toss it but I worked so hard on it and made it all by hand. It’s a #joanneicorn and I’m going to try to give it to you in …

I made this doll for you for #joanneworldtourdallas and security took it away so I wasn’t able to toss it but I worked so hard on it and made it all by hand. It’s a #joanneicorn and I’m going to try to give it to you in …
Awww precious

I made this doll for you for #joanneworldtourdallas and security took it away so I wasn’t able to toss it but I worked so hard on it and made it all by hand. It’s a #joanneicorn and I’m going to try to give it to you in …

I made this doll for you for #joanneworldtourdallas and security took it away so I wasn’t able to toss it but I worked so hard on it and made it all by hand. It’s a #joanneicorn and I’m going to try to give it to you in …
Brazil loves u so much Sweet heart 
I hope you see this, I worked so hard on it. #joanne
I made this doll for you for #joanneworldtourdallas and security took it away so I wasn’t able to toss it but I worked so hard on it and made it all by hand. It’s a #joanneicorn and I’m going to try to give it to you in …
So much love and happiness. Thank you 
I made this doll for you for #joanneworldtourdallas and security took it away so I wasn’t able to toss it but I worked so hard on it and made it all by hand. It’s a #joanneicorn and I’m going to try to give it to you in #Vegas. I hope you like it. It’s so special.
hahahaha que fofura mini joanne
You're in my thoughts all the time. God knows how many times I talk to Him about u during the day. I love u so much and the most important thing to me is ur happiness, health, safety, ur well-being. So, he is taking care of it all. You rest, obey your doctors, and heal
Omg @ladygaga! This proves how your music touches us ALL. My "Joanne" is my Mom and I listen to this all the time. 
owwww  
Omg this is so adorable I bet that melted ur heart @ladygaga
Omg what a darling!!!!I could not take my eyes of this little girl,so much passion as she was singing it,love her!
I LOVE YOU GAGA
What a sweet heart
Legend
Oi sumida 
so adorable.
Awww isn't that just precious 
Precious. Just precious.
Hey #Joanne check this out if you have a sec, it’s the most amazing picture of #pawsup https://twitter.com/1ittle_unicorn/status/961046684330549250 … 
So precious, if you have a sec take a look at my favorite picture from #joanneworldtourdallas. Picture says it all. #pawsup. So powerful.  
Que lindo que vc viu ela também 
We love you Gagaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

#Joanne 
#PawsUp 
I hope you’re able to see this #Joanne. I love you so much. It’s the most amazing picture of #pawsup
So precious, if you have a sec take a look at my favorite picture from #joanneworldtourdallas. Picture says it all. #pawsup. So powerful.  
Absolutely precious!
OMG 
@HoarseWisperer
If you have time, I hope you get a chance to see this #pawsup 
So precious, if you have a sec take a look at my favorite picture from #joanneworldtourdallas. Picture says it all. #pawsup. So powerful.  
This picture says it all. I hope you get a chance to see 
So precious, if you have a sec take a look at my favorite picture from #joanneworldtourdallas. Picture says it all. #pawsup. So powerful.  
