Ur not welcome in our kingdom
WHERE IS #LG6 mommy?
Hy
We love you always baby don't worry 
Bitch ur gift was my life NOTICE ME
Happy belated birthday, Stephanie!
If i can give u that gift i would add myself to ur gift so we can true as one heart LADYGAGA BABYDOLL

Happy belated. Just donated to my local mental health facility.  Had i known, I would have done it in your name 
Finding natural alternatives is an area they haven't researched, because Pharma can't $$$ off it but I'm telling ya, herbs heal! Personal experience!!! #KratomSavesLives
Happy Birthday to you 
Happy Birthday to you 
Happy Birthday Joanne 
Happy Birthday to you and many more healthy, prosperous years to come.
Happy Birthday Lady Gaga!! You are an awesome beautiful woman!!
Happy late birthday. Love u from South Carolina
#MentalHealth 
Painting by my late father. 
https://twitter.com/chriscornell/status/656856836168142848?s=19 …
.......helloooooo bae
Helloooo  Lady gaga!!! Happy Birthday!! Better late than never!! I love you Gaga!!   
They put the Enron E into the DLL.
You and Elton same month bdays!  Happy Birthday Mama Monster!!
Happy Birthday girl
@ladygaga #LittleMonsters #LadyGaga #10YearsOfGaga
love you gaga
invented birthdays
Happy Belated Mother Monster , I love you so much More after listening and watching that interview Apple has up in video section with Brit Rasio host , And your Netflix special, You are the rarest kind of #DiamondHeart Love @kagoalie
A Very Happy Birthday to you! Have a Wonderful day! 
Love you
I pray that Jesus heals you from the top of your head to the soles of your feet, body, mind, spirit and soul. Praying for your good health!
gosh Lady Gaga is a march 28 girl so cool don't believe in belated greetings so se ya in 2019!!

Was proud to donate, thank you 
I’m sorry I missed your birthday. So either late or extremely early for next year. Happy birthday. Love your voice and your music. Happy Easter
GAGA!!! HERE’S A #MASHUP OF ALL UR #GREATESTHITS FOR UR #BIRTHDAY THIS #YEAR  FROM UR LITTLE #MONSTERS TO U!!! https://www.smule.com/p/622086926_2097618593 … 
- The @ MashupManiacs from Smule Sing!
More needs to be done for the Autistic. Most have anxiety disorder and other co-morbs. Families struggle to navigate the system once they become adults. #autism #AutismAwareness #NeverGiveUp
Happy Birthday, I'm a fan from China. Thank you for giving me the power to face my real life. I love you
You deserve the best of the best every single day, enjoy your life. Love you to the infinite and back mother monster 
Lady Gaga...have you been checked for Dysautonomia?  (Tilt table test and the other autonomic functions tests?)
Really not at all, Dear @ladygaga  I was thought on You and I show a drawing now this was Your gift from me 
 Be kind. Wishing you happy.
The camera face
Some one waiting for you
So glad you champion this cause and so many others! It takes this kind of courage to end the stigma and silence,and suffering surrounding mental health.
@ladygaga #LittleMonsters #LadyGaga
Happy happy belated birthday beautiful.  Hope it was sensational
Nc
love you 
Happy belated birthday. Love you xx
Wish you have  great night.happy birthday.we will always love you.
Happy Birthday
Thank you so much!
Amen 
Birthday twins
Hope your Birthday was a day filled with much love friends family and cherished memories
Sorry I’m late
Sorry I missed your Birthday
Happy Belated Birthday
I donated my birthday!!! 
Happy happy Birthday Lady Gaga and fellow Pisces. Peace with you always!
Happy Birthday 
Happy birthday Queen Gaga!  Stay awesome and precious monster!  I love youuu. You rock, btw. 
Happy Birthday, I know I'm a little late but I want you to know that your an amazing artist.
Nice
Happy belated birthday 
Happy Birthday @ladygaga    Hope you had an awesome day and an even better year #AStarIsBorn
Happy belated Birthday.
Love you  many blessings Monster!
Happy birthday queen, you send a kiss
Thank you so much for this beautiful version of Your Song. I lovw your voice, it's like an angel is singing. Gof bless you with health so you can live your dreams and keep dreaming more
Happy Belated Birthday  Just found out we share our birthday. I hope you had a wonderful day!!

Happy birthday lady gaga 
Happy birthday Legend!!!
YouTube. Claims ur a man so deal with it
happy bday
I hope you had an awesome birthday!
#johnwayne #hbdgaga
Happy birthday Mother Monster!! 
Happy Birthday Mother Monster! Thanks for all you’ve done for all your little monsters. 
How wonderful the life is with Gaga in the world! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Hello @ladygaga I hope you had a great birthday. For a long time I’ve been affected by mental health, and I would love to try and make a difference. I’ve also trained as an actor and would love to create performances to raise awareness. I was wondering if you could help me out?
@fbplatfor.   .
.. 
 m
keep it up
Happy belated birthday my love!! Hope your day was amazing and you are a true inspiration to all of us.
Happy Birthday Gaga. Thank you for all that you do and I love you so much 
Happy Birthday!!! Your music is awesome!!!!
I love you Mother Monster. I hope you’re Birthday was every bit as beautiful as you are. Looking forward to more music. Hope you’re feeling rested and well #HappyBirthdayGaga
Guys click the link! If you refer a person you get $5!  https://digit.co/r/WyDNg2rwB7?ab 
Hola GAGA Lady felicidades un año más de vida y claro cumpla muchos más y que su fuerza de voluntad sea intensa para que se desintoxique...Y sea plena de salud y estabilidad emocional...besos y abrazos
Happy birthday, Lady Gaga! Hope your fans sent you any nice gifts!
Happy Birthday to you  dear lovely Lady Gaga  
Happy belated birthday!
i love you
Happy belated day you're so fcking precious
Happy birthday from me to yours
Feliz cumpleaños...............!!!!!!!! I love you 
Love you my hero....
This golden Rose  is for you and your 32 anniversary birthday , wish you the best and hope you reply me 
Happybdayhotstuff
happy birthday
Happy belated birthday  love ypu
Do not be distressed by this disease,much less by the bad reviews they make about you. "For He has made you perfect, my dear
So lift your head, girl,and you'll keep going. "Happy birthday LADY GaGa many applause to you,On behalf of the little Brazilian monsters I LOVE YOU GAGA.
Merci
Happy bday  luv u so much Gaga ... U r incredible God bless u 
Congratulations cat, congratulations not only for being our mother monster, but for being who is not to be afraid of it, always fighting, even with this infamous disease that you. I'm proud to be a little monster...
I love u so much 
Happy birthday James Hetfield...I mean Lady Gagga!
Sorry im a day late but Sending you a great big belated birthday hug!&postive vibes.Go Girl keep doing what you do!! 
Happy belated Birthday! I recently watched your Netflix documentary about you. I was so touched by everything I saw and heard. You are a very, very special woman. Your family loves you and I am happy you now love yourself. Nurture that hip and your mind 
Wishing u joy in your heart today & always xx
Happy Birthday fellow Aries.  Mine was on the 27th.  Saw you in Vegas with my granddaughter.  We are Little Monsters!!
N
I Love You.
Happy birthday!, my queen!

Happy birthday my Queen i love you!!
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday 
Happy birthday I hope you had a good day I love you
Happy belated Birthday from a fellow FM warrior.  You give strength to all of us xx
I love you so fucking much
Happy bday mother monster!!!!!!
Happy birthday !!!
Happy birthday to the GOAT! 
Happy Birthday!
I L O V E Y O U ♡
Happy birthday!
You mean the world to us
HBD!
Happy birthday
ガガちゃん
Happy birthday. U are amazing. 
咋了我得gaga
I love you . happy Birthday
happy birthday 
Happy birtday mother monter  

I love you lady
Happy  Birthday
ده كان امبارح
I know you'll never see this in the thousands of replies, but I hope you have a wonderful birthday.  I have the utmost respect for you and what you do :)
Happy Birthday Lady Gaga!! Hopes its spectacular!!
happy birthday 

Love youuuu
Happy Birthdayi owe my life to you
Sorry I don’t have a credit card... 
Happy Birthday GAGA!!
I really proud of you and I love you somuch !!!!!
Hope you have a blast! XOXO 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga #JoanneWorldTour
Happy Birthday  Mother Monster PLEASE LOOK AT ME 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
Good
i love you so much
I Love You 
Hope you had a lovely birthday my darling! I’ll get my donation in as soon as I can 
happy birthday my worldyou were the only thing in my life that it was real. you changed my life love you 4ever
Awesome, I hope you had a blessed Birthday and thank you for all your wonderful music and writing! God bless!
happy birthday gaga 
Happiest of birthdays Gaga! (๑>◡<๑)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY QUEEN!!! Blessings and best wishes always/Bendiciones y los mejores deseos siempre!!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY QUEEN OF EVERYTHING
HAPPY BIRTHDAY QUEEN 
This should the awareness everyone is afraid they may become aware. Happy birthday I commend you for supporting this outreach,the one no one talks about. Thank you
happy birthday ヾ(´▽｀*)ゝ
