Vai pro Coachella sua cadela
É agora a união littlehive
Se fortificou quando a Bey deu um moletom da Ivy Park pra Gaga.
Amizade of pop
you are the biggest attention seeker. Keep your ugly well wishes. You’re fake. you could’ve used a pic of her but it’s not even that... you took the exact one from your fan’s shady thread about Bey. the watermark is still there.

Exactly! Like, it’s not that deep at all.
GAGACHELLA 17 
BEYCHELLA 18 
Gaga in Rio 19
sonhei
Where’s telephone part 2 sis?
.."John Wayne" was Telephone pt 2, same director.. visual concepts, she even started the video on the side of the road lol!! Queen Of Continuation! 
I’m talking about the duet with Beyonce honey lol

Hahahhha duh, right? Lmaooo i cant stop laughingggg
Yeah sis no reason to get so intense. Good lord lol
I was gonna say the same thing. Oh well, sorry if I upset you! 
Queens
this gif goes hard
Idk why the fact that you tweeted a picture of yourself and not of Beyonce is making me laugh so hard
Also how condescending is “have fun celebrating all that in love in the DESERT.” 
Queens
DELETE THIS SJSHSJSJ
TELEPHONE 2.0
the people have spoken we need a part two
Part 2 is Aura though.

..sorry..
it is not girl
aura is all about machete kills (the movie)
"I killed my former and,
left her in the trunk on highway 10"
I'm sure the whole thing was scrapped in the profit of Machete as it was a better idea commercially, but I still believe that it's the soul-sequel to the trilogy.
Either way, look forward to the actual sequel to Telephone and Paparazzi in Artpop Act 2,

l o l
i don't want/need to belive you
but the two queens don't have to follow the storyline to make hit songs so we're definitely not saying goodbye to that iconic duo.

we gotta believe
@jujulihnunes
amigas
Eu e você, @globeyleza out
se sentir em divida com a rainha por ter um festival sold out entregue nas maos é essencial
Já chegou espumando Fenty?
sempre ne meu anjo, todo dia é dia de esfarelar o quadrilzao da gaga
I wish you'd see the video we made. We put so much love on it. We believed we could send love, healing light, support and make it get to you. It would mean so so much for all of us. Hope you feel that love anyways. @ladygaga we just love you
 just watch this plz
@ravenclxw

Queens of music
 last year was TOO excellent
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga #JoanneWorldTour

we want telephone pt2
I miss Gagachella.
Yassss @ladygaga Check Out My GAGACHELLA ARTWORK
One year since you released "The Cure"

okay but when y’all gonna collab
A CONTINUAÇÃO DE TELEPHONE É REAL!
Tá amor, mas e a continuação de Telephone, vem ou não vem?
não
we better get telephone 2.0 before 2020 lol
GAY ICON. ilysm

WHAT THE FICK
We stan legends
Gaga Queen of POP
Rainha da paz esmurrou as pocs que só vivem de atacar as outras fanbases
I can’t believe it’s been a year since The Cure was released  Miss you.
He I just wanted to say your Coachella set was your best long-form performance of your career. Amazing job, putting it together in just two month. Love you and thank you.
legends supporting legends
love you mom
Legend supporting Legend. Hope to see you two perform Telephone one day! #Coachella  
We miss you Gaga 

Between the Super Bowl, Coachella, and the #JoanneWorldTour, we had a blast in 2017. Can't wait for "A Star Is Born" this year
Throwback to Lady Gaga at #Coachella 2017

- Sold Out (Both Dates)
- Surprise Single Release (Platinum certified)…
vai divulgar a continuação é?????
It’s so nice to see artists support each other. You’ve also put it beautifully and last year you certainly did  bring the water with your performance and ‘fixed us with your love’. 
BRAZIL LOVES YOU 
Be a surprise guest and sing telephone and video Phone live together for the first time
TELEPHONE PART 2 IS REAAAL
two legends

I love you so much Gaga! @ladygaga 
boa noite minha amada
But we need a live performance of Telephone or Video phone sis. Get together and slay the world.
queen of coachella
Release Telephone part 2
TELEPHONE PART 2 SAY "HI COLLAB AGAIN"
Filosofou todah.
COLLAB WITH BEY FOR TELEPHONE PT 2
queen of pop supporting the real queen B omg
OMG
We need new music
we better get telephone 2.0
Lady Gaga @ladygaga 8h
Love you @BeHive @Beyonce Have fun
celebrating all that love in the desert.
When it's dry and we are thirsty, music 
will bring the water that quenches our
soul.

@justdoxoit
Replying to @ladygaga and @Beyonce
we better get telephone 2.0
i lVEYBTH
ThankYU fr lVing all my
Twitter Tweets over ten years
QueenKingladygaga
and QueenKingBeyonce
I really dlVEYU
Bth i am really CryingRight Know
and i Please makeTelephone
Part 2 I have allways lVED YU im Srry
#WeNeedTelephonePart2
We love you too Gaga!
Lady Gaga @ladygaga- 9h
Love you #BeyHive #Beyonce Have fun
celebrating all that love in the desert.
will bring the water that quenches our
soul.

@Ghaida and @Beyonce
We love you too Gaga! 
QUEEN KiNG
LADYGAGAI LY
QUEENKiNGBEYONCE
PLEASE LOOK AT ME GAGA 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
Okay hello!
Legend supporting legend omg
Love you too, Gaga, Bey Hope to see you both collaborate again in the future 
I’d love to see Gaga and Bey perform together on stage at some point too  with true friendship collaboration always possible!
Amen!!!!
Legends support legends
I love you
Legends supporting each other
Hey Girl I love you!
Cadê a continuação de telephone gaga CADÊ
Lady Gaga @ladygaga 10h
Love you #BeyHive @Beyonce Have fun
celebrating all that love in the desert.
When it's dry and we are thirsty, music
will bring the water that quenches our
soul.
lucas
@_xoxojoannegirl
Replying and @Beyonce
Cadé a continução de telephone
gaga CADÉ 
come out for telephone
give the gays what we want
@JamieJr12 @LibbertMaggie @janice_132
Love Lady Gaga can’t stand Beyoncé
All I need is another bop like telephone and I’ll be good
We love a supportive queen! 
why don’t you quench our thirst instead by releasing music
You are better than her
solta a continuação de telephone
aparece lá pra cantar telephone com ela gaga

Cardi B dancing to Lady Gaga’s song Applause @ladygaga @iamcardib 
como eu sei que telephone 2.0 não sai mais com ela, chama a @rihanna cacete
would be telephone part 2?
cade a continuação de telephone?

I'm literally playing FASHION right now to my friends in Palm Springs #Coachella #Coachella2018 #Artpop #COACHELLAvibes #joannevibes 
MOMMIES
Girl you’re gonna get dragged delete this
mother, look at this!
Hey mom, my friends and I decided to do this video to show you the love that we fell for you, hope u like it @ThaisLMonster @gagasyuyi @josefsvrig @fsogaga @ladygaga @gagasmetal @Suelencar2004 …
Where’s Telephone part 2?
GIVE US TELEPHONE PART 2
My two favorite queens of pop. Love you both so much.
hey gaga! look this mom!
AMÉM! #BEYCHELLA
CONTINUATION OF TELEPHONE PART TWO
Love you mom
KSHSHSJSK LOVE YOU MOM
MY QUEENS I LOVE YALL SO MUCH #GAGABEYCHELLA
Queen
legends stand legends
hm
MARAVILHOSA
Love you Gaga
can you believe it's been a year since your performance in coachella? it was so amazing 
When is Telephone part 2 coming out its been years i'm still waiting
OMG RIGHT? When is art pop & born this way eras done?? 
It should never end and that's it
Tru
You KILLED the performance last year Btw so good to see you support Beyonce, queens must stick together
اقول كملوا اغنيه تيليفون
تلفوني كل دقيقه بس يرن
يغازلوني يكلموني  بس ما احن
احسن
We love watching a queen supports her fav queen! Also we need Telephone Part 2 sis. Love you  #Coachella
Just release the fucking telephone continuation
Hello, hello, baby
You called, I can't hear a thing  @ArtPopPaws
I love you so much
QUEEN OMG
we stan
mais que amigas, friends
Brazil loves you mom  COME TO ROCK IN RIO 2019 
Se eu ainda fosse Alice diria que hoje vem telephone II mas eu superei, GENTE MAS SERA SE ?
Happy 1 year anniversary to The Cure 
TELEPHONE II PLSSSSSSS
delete this
legends who should collab again
#MONSTERHIVE 
i love u
A continuação de Telephone é real
Talented LEGENDS

COLLAAAAAB!!!!!
posso nem ver que já quero a continuação de telephone
corre e vai cantar telephone com ela que dá tempo
Legends 
legends
ily!!! you’re so fantastic. this is the comradery we need! loved your performance last year, and i’m positive i’ll love hers tonight. love u 
PLEASE LOOK THIS GAGA
May you conquer this world more and more with your talent, I ask God in all my prayers to take care of you, to enlighten you, to bless you, to guide you every day, wherever you are. Thank you for everything and for…
I LOVE YOU QUEEN HOPE YOURE FEELING BETTER!!! TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU ON THAT STAGE SOMETIME SOON, LOVE YOU GIRL 
telephone 2.0 versão sertanejo
eu tô bem seco e com sede aqui, gaga, faz música pra mim, por favor
LG6 is  coming mommy ? TELEPHONE ll??
Perform Video Phone together 
We're still waiting for Telephone continuation
Gaga I miss your Coachella performance so much you rocked that desert!! I love you!
Queen of supporting another Queen
omg queens
Invented Beyoncé huh
Omg
Legends
i miss you
Te amo
SKINNY
@Beyonce good luck
Replying to @ladygaga and @Beyonce 

@ladygaga 
@Beyonce 

 @Beyonce good luck 
Queens @ladygaga and @Beyonce 
I love you both for ever ARTPOP
QUEEN LADYGAGA 
QUEEN BEYONCE
@daisyriesabulao Beychella 

You will always be better than Beyoncé
We know right
legends
vem mostrar pras fa bases como é que se faz, ícone
Babyyy
Ew
Bey = Queen of 2000s
Gaga = Queen of 2010s
Lady Gaga @ladygaga- 8m 
Love you all that love in the desert 
when it's dry and we are thirsty, music 
will bring water that quenches our 
soul 

Adeyoncé 
@BeyUnited 
Replying to @ladygaga and @Beyonce 
Bey = Queen of 200s 
Gaga = Queen of 2010s 
Too Queens 
Two***Damn automatic broker
@D_rainboy
Amizade do pop
Eu quero continuação ;-;
Boatos que é com a Katy , mas se conheço a gaga , vai ser com deus quando ela falecer ( Deus me dibre ) .
Mds akskskssssss
I love youuuuuu
Lady Gaga @ladygaga - 8h 
Love you #BeyHive @Beyonce Have fun 
celebrating all that love in the desert 
when it's dry and we are thirsty, music 
will bring the water that quenches our 
soul. 

corey 
@gagaflawlxss 
Replying to @ladygaga and @Beyonce 
I love youuuuuuu
Son soul sisters @FranDistress
Hermanas!
Queen of making everyone pressed by being nice and using her own pictures 
COLLAB AGAIN QUEENS
what ever your plan for #LG6 is, bring back honeybey @Beyonce 
I love you
Legends supporting legends 
Telephone end
Okay we need telephone part 2
I was just hearing crazy in love playing out the window.. what  a descriptive comment. :)
Release lg6 at life is beautiful las vegas
Girl why is this a pic of yourself...
Lady Gaga is a beyhive member? I stan!
Collab with her again, please!  everybody needs this 2 part of the Telephone :-(
I love you 
release telephone part 2
I’m thirsty give me some water Gaga #LG6
QUEENS DO MEU CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Joanne, you’re amazing
Legend
Light of my life ... Lady Gaga
queeens
We still waiting for telephone part 2 dyke
Queen of spreading love throughout 
You make the world a better place by just being you!
Chega lá pra cantar telephone com ela ícone
we love a supportive queen!
Love a queen supporting another queen
TELEPHONE PART TWO PLEASE
Doesn’t Coachella donate to anti-abortion organizations though or am I wrong?... I want to be wrong. I’m just wondering because I read that by someone on Twitter.
o brazil continua I'm devastated
Yas Gaga 
A queen supporting a queen!
IS THAT REALLY WHAT AM I THINKING????? TELEPHONE PT.2
CHOCADA COM O IMPACTO DA AGUA
VEM TELEPHONE PART. 2
queens
WHERE'S THE COLLAB
Your music is the water for all of us
Collab with @katyperry and @Beyonce :)
me tremi toda
yah
Filosofou em viadooooo, além de cantor, atriz, empresaria, compositora e etc. Agora é filósofa também
Dear freind,have a happy weekend my freind your always so funny honey !! Good night !!
Telephone part 2 please!
LOVE YOU TOO MOM
Love you Queens!
YES OMG WTF WE LOVE STAN BOTH OF U OMG
We need Telephone continuation 
Legends support each other 
I love you so much gaga
EAI LADY GAGA BOA MOITE
Queen of deep tweets
YES QUEEN
