Proud of our co-founder @momgerm! @Erasing_Stigma https://twitter.com/duanemcwaine/status/989722627852849152 …
I LOVE YOUUUUU KEP DOING THIS
KEEP*
Strong foundation 



Great to see her in Seattle!
Please help out a special education teacher’s son stay safe https://www.youcaring.com/search/go?w=Ethan%20earl …
Not to vere far from the post... but my life saving gun idea's will stop suicides and help police... also! Lots of benefits!  Great post...
I love so, so much what you do, Gaga! Keep going, the worls needs you!
i miss u gaga
Please don't waste Mental Health Awareness Month by teaching people there is stigma. Teach there is none and fight for services.


I need this
Thas so awesome i love this. Not only that but i was just released from a stress center for trying to kill myself.
hi, how are you coping with your FMS? I've message you a few times. I take it that you do NOT reply to your tweets? 

I love you!!! So very proud of you and your mom!!! 
PLEASE LOOK AT ME GAGA I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU ARE MY LİFE 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
Gaga I don’t know what to say , you inspire me every single day , I couldn’t be prouder of you.
Thank u!
hey mother monster! could you look this video for you? please!
Hey @ladygaga check out this video that my friends & I made to show you we're here for you, no matter what. It would mean so much if you'd watch it. @ThaisLMonster @gagasyuyi @josefsvrig @fsogaga …
Losing a child is one of the hardest things any parent can go through so I turn my pain into something positive and started MJG movement in honor of her.
this is exactly why i love you so god damn much. thank you for using your voice to make a difference. you've helped me the most in feeling ok about struggling with my mental health. love u 
I sincerely thank you for blessing me and others by using your platform to speak the severity of mental illness. I have struggled with mental illness my entire life so it means so much to me. You always give me a million more reasons to love you! #pawsup ! @ladygaga
Great job!!!
I like your songs, but I love your message thank you for being a light for others
I advocate for mental illness, suicide, sexual assault. I'm reaching out to you to see if you be born to do some things with me since this is mental illness month. Please Google Marcie Gerald. Thank you
Hi,my name Elizabeth Gerald. And I'm the mother of Marcie Gerald. My beautiful daughter committed suicide as a result of being beaten and raped.
WIRFL (What It Really Feels Like) to be depressed <3 
My personal insight into coping with life-long depression and anxiety.
I am a suicide man...
All suicide is terrible. I'm organizing a march to bring awareness to veterans suicide. Let's end this
I look at you, read your stories, listen to your lyrics and Dear God. You have accomplished a lot, you deserve all the good things. And most importantly, you didn't stop even if your heart was broken to pieces. Even if it's not whole yet, you found yourself and kept moving
it is soo important nowadays
Yes, mental health seems to scar people. When I tried to commit suicide my friends found out, they all disappeared were afraid of me. I have a wonderful physician who found my a God sent physiatrist,worked with me for 18 years, get the urge when things get hard, but I rise.
gaga look this please
Hey @ladygaga check out this video that my friends & I made to show you we're here for you, no matter what. It would mean so much if you'd watch it. @ThaisLMonster @gagasyuyi @josefsvrig @fsogaga …
U don't look happy in ur pics...
Hello Lady GagaI have fibromyalgia to
So many suicides and people going on a murder rampage!Inequality, self consciousness, bullying, and more are the cause of the problem!stress
How very true, I work in the mental health units for ten years  caring for people who are sadly afflicted with this ailment whom are young and elderly , it breaks my heart to see these poor people as they are , and I thank myself I am in good health
Due to a young man who we had known his entire life putting a gun in his mouth, I got involved in the Out if Darkness walks. No more deaths, please, God.

Nothing better than recognizing your mom’s accomplishments 
@ladygaga your follow will make me the happiest person in the universe
I listen to Born This Way in my car driving to and from work every single day... My paws are up! 
@ladygaga #LittleMonsters 
#AStarIsBorn #AStarIsBornTrailer #LadyGaga 
@BTWFoundation @Interscope
Thank you!!!
@EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr hey @DonnieWahlberg is it possible to sue sum of the TV because am.Native Offended of the lying and cruelty it makes everyone imagine sad hurt and offended byLV piece pipe it pretends to be @FamilyGuyonFOX @SouthPark @CNN @nbcsnl @charliesheen ? @Russia
Thank you 
