TAKE MY HAND...
You walcome
Tu parle français
Mmm sexy.
Jacob 
Heavens not, ready for you
Girl where do you think you’re goin‘? Where do you think you’re goin‘ goin‘ girl
Oh both of you honestly shut up whining just be greatful. She is doing this because she wants to. Be greatful.
http://duitbux.com/?r=hendraakatsuki …
You are absolutely stunning!!! So beautiful!!
Overcoming your difficult time, it is what I admire you the most.
Jacob  ou
Love u
Lindaa

beautiful
Hey, I would really like to grab a cup of coffee with you sometime. I think that we feel the same way about a lot of things. Lemme know if you’re down!   
Lci
Frs sr rsds
angel baby
Were those real angel wings?
Wow!!!!
wow
Who won: You Won! Phenomenal! https://www.billboard.com/amp/articles/news/grammys/8096710/lady-gaga-grammys-2018-performance-video …
ridicula
Rude
×2

Asheghetam ,I love you
@ladygaga #Joanne Girl where you think you are going where you think your going going girl call me #Joanne this music video is so incredible 
Adat jawa tengah..
Gaga it would mean the world to me if you saw my recent Grammys Joanne tweet!!
Do You really know Singing  coz All You do is get naked all the time in all ur music vidz. Sell Ur talent Not ur Body.
Hi. Gaga. Long time no see. You fine?
I think mothermonster will win a prize.
Mesmerizing as always! Best of luck tonight as well!!!

https://www.amazon.com/Coolcha-Universal-Magnetic-Samsung-Smartphones/dp/B01MZ4JZ0K/ref=sr_1_263/147-8759248-0459705?s=automotive&ie=UTF8&qid=1517118369&sr=1-263&keywords=Magnetic+phone+holder …
Beautiful pic 
keep being a blessings! 
Hello
I did a reaction video to this song and I felt completely grateful. Love you mom 
Why so unforgiving and why so cold
Been a long time crossing bridge of sighs!
I didn’t put that up. 
Thank you so much for this breath taking, masterpiece. This song means more to me than you’ll ever know 
I'm no good with words but I will find ways from time to time to show you how grateful I am. I love & admire you @ladygaga 
Lady Gaga
気付かなかったごめんね

頑張ってね楽しみに期待している
ありがとうまたね
Adorable
OMG
身骑白马，改换素衣
An album of Torch Songs Would B 
Really Nice. U really have the Voice
of an Angel,!  I Can listen to U all Day.

Hey! Ain't nothing like, freeing the MIND!! Good read, if you get a chance! I'm sure you'll dig!!
Hie
Ghhhhfffg yaaassss weavvfgjkoîs
I love you so much Mother Monster 
Hi there. Luv ya dearly. Ur courage motivates me. Im retired drummer of 40+yrs. Hope to hear from U.  Kiss Kiss.
nice photo
QueenGaga

I love you! 
PLAY THIS AT MY FUNERAL.
I love you
Jacob
Nyc

Your horse is great but not as great as my robust aroma!
Q linda es
Thank you so much for blessing us...~
The abum cover is so original...
Oh, damn! I totally forgot that nobody can ever create album art that closely resembles anyone else’s. It’s about the music, not the cover, Ken.
1, Nobody said she can't. I'm saying it's plagiarism.
2, Remember the Born This Way = Express Yourself debacle?
"It’s about the music" 

Fake LGBQ activism and the way she dress is what she is known for. Music is way down on the list of what Gaga is about. Don't get me started about her support for
The Hunting Ground which is a docu that put narratives before facts.
Tnk u Gaga
Good good
rends l'argent aux abonnés
Hello there
اش الحلاوه دى
looking stunning and liking the horse too!
Beautiful
Beautiful
AMAZING 
I'm emotionally crying on the inside, while listening to #Joanne
the best song I've heard and the best video I've seen 
very beautiful  I take out tears
PORRA GAGA ENTERRA ESSA ERA
para cuando dancin in circles? ahre
white horse
#Gateshome
GIRL DONT LET THIS FLOP. ITS JUST AMAZING.
wow love you so much - I wish I could see u live one day.
Pretty photo!!
FACK YU BIČ
Guau que chida foto

https://goo.gl/CY4TTC  opportunity
Gorgeous
I'm sure Joanne is so happy in heaven. Thank you for this album.
cool
I think that you are doing great lady gaga be a hit for all times
Fudida
Girl, where do you think you’re goin’? Beautiful song
Girl where do you think you're going
This picture is so beautiful  I like’t so much !!

fodeeeee 

Beautiful pic
lindíssimo!
Te amo gaga ♡
Belissíma! <3
Thank you for this beautiful song, I recently had a loss equal to that of your aunt, and every time I listen #Joanne i cry so much, because it was a grandiose and gorgeous woman, mother and daughter and only 30 years old.
VIADO ASSISTE JOANNE
That a very lucky Horse 
i’ve had enough of that dead bitch
very very beautiful !!!!!!!! 
Really loved the song
Ur vocals are so beautiful

mas ce não tava com o quadril ruim?
love you 

Absolutely gorgeous! Just like you
Beautiful 
CHEGA GAGA CHEGA
Lady Godiva

THE ONLY ADVERTISEMENT I WON'T SKIP #joanne #tudor #gaga
Pisa menos Queen
This was, for me the most important lady gaga, where we reconnected family moments, moments of great emotion, lady gaga has always been joanne, after all they are stars that are shining around the world, joanne wherever you are happy and screaming for You Lady Gaga 
Joanne wasn't LadyGaga who wrote.LittleMonsters fans of LadyGaga.Stefani went to great lengths to deliver something that touched her heart n' she succeeded.Joanne for anyone who wants to meet Stefani,4who has ever gone through something similar.The Stefani girl isn't for everyone
Very Beautiful and Emotional Music Video. Shows the wide range and ability of Lady GAGA of putting feelings into words that touches the HRT.
Diva
you look so fine mami
Buy and stream Joanne monsters
I am a Korean. I saw an advertisement for Lady Gaga on the way to Hong Kong. It was so nice to see you.
Beautiful
https://youtu.be/C8iI0OKa6Ek 
Nice Gams!

Hey Gaga, you where AWESOME in Belgium, I love you ♡
wow
I loved the clip, my love, and so beautiful, so rich, so genuine, so true, you're so precious, it reminds me of my aunts, who are very important to me, just as joanne is for you, I love you so much You Gaga, joanne has become a very special song for me, Thank you for writing her.
I prefer the album version
Beautiful video. Luv ya!
Joanne new music video touch my heart and soul...it’s perfect!  #joanne #LadyGaga @ladygaga
I love you so much 

gaga pls don't tell you your naked that horse has done nothing wrong to you why gaga why
You won’t ever see this my queen but here’s my reaction to your beautiful track:
c sexy
Lindo clip...te amo 
 you are so Amazing!
What a beautiful video
C bon
ياريتني فرس
Hey I just seen footage live a long time ago and u sang speechless n played piano. I fuckn love how u are in that m o meet singing that song. My ex husband reminds me of the old us.
Oh my God this is perfect
Wow so scxcy baby
6 days until I get to see this lady’s unreal talent live !!!!! Eeeeeek
Wow nice one

Hey Gaga ... It's my frnds birthday I tweeted you about that. . he's your big fan ... It's will be so much for him if you wished him today .... I also msged you insta ...please wish him @ladygaga
He was so happy that you released a video on his birthday ... @ladygaga
@ladygaga ... Please
I literally cried, Gaga  this new music video is touching. Thank you
my heart start shaking
好飘逸
WATCH the new video music by Lady Gaga!
#Joanne
.
why so gorgeous?
luvly
My paws have been up since 2003. 
Hugs #fibromite xoxo
<3 xx
This is beautiful my love! 
