
جووووون
Just tray to be Very carefull ok!!?
i miss you in México city
Gaga this is for you, by my friend!
I hope you see this!
This is my #Joanne Collection!
I created each piece with all my love!
#JoanneVibes #SuperBowl  #JOANNETOUR
Gaga needs to see my collection! 
Hi Gaga This is super master daddy Lincoln so I hear that you pack a big meat. Is that true
Yes I'd
I like the music video
hello, I know that I'm one of the million people who write to you, I know you feel shit, but thank you for Birmingham. Fan from Slovakia 
Nice
Get a grip
Aww Stefani Joanne, you're amazing but you shouldn't jump so high when you're always at the top of anyone's game.  And have Lupus & Fibromyalgia. Get better soon.
hi
superb
loved it
http://newnewsonline.co .nfnew news online conception established as a thinking’s to provided and high definitions collaboration media via a hardiest and connecting s each for others . our media already reach a big history and fighting constitutions in the worlds. to day our
Birmingham I don't know if they're ready...
BUT
BRAZIL está mais do que pronto IS READY!

We love you Mother Monster!

#PawsUp 
#JoanneWorldTourBirmingham
I

She is good
I did that kriya with my yoga kids class Saturday afternoon & been in a Fibro flare since....  recover very soon  Namaste

@ladygaga
Queee hinooo de Show
My Queen i love you mother Paws Up 
Honestly the best night of my life thank you for being so incredible 
Keep your light shining brightly! You will emerge as a stronger woman on this journey. Your spirit is strong, but your body needs rest. God bless.
Beautiful person inside and outside. Love you to the moon and back. I waited 10years to see you and I got the chance on Thursday at Birmingham. You are and always will be amazing. Get well soon xxx
Was a really good night, highlights the physicality of love performance and how much it must take out of the performer.
https://twitter.com/victoria69lund?s=09 …
U were amazing. I’ve fibromyalgia 2 and it’s such a mentally and physically debilitating condition
You said on stage that when you go through trauma & it has a major effect on your life remember who u were b4. I also have PTSD from being attacked & u inspired me beyond belief, 
It was truly amazing 
should i go to the voice here and tell them i saw god or the things will develop by themselves?
Get well soon Gaga
Fuming this is twice we have lost money due to u cancelling
#realestate. #realtor #luxury #home #property #architecture #realestateagent #forsale #luxuryrealestate #design #house #interiordesign #miami #investment #success #lifestyle #realty #business #luxuryhomes #motivation #homes #ny
Re: your fibromyalgia pain. Time to visit the best - Mayo Clinic. Worried for you. Something else could be going on in your body.
Everything about this video exudes bad assery
Dear Joanne⚘
So sorry to hear of your pain from FM. 
Don't apologize, your health is the primary concern. 
Just heal
Not gonna get to see this as cancelled manchester for 2nd time. Why tour if your ill and cant guarantee you will be well enough to perform???
She can’t guarantee it and because she loves preforming she did it too soon after educate yourself on her condition I’m not going to be able to see her in Manchester either but i just want her to feel well rather than her feel awful and preform a half assed show
That was my point...if she has got a health condition that will affect her touring then dont get your fans all excited about seeing you if you cant guarantee that you will be able to to perform. She will always sell records even if she cant tour. Im not having a go.
So beautiful lady gaga  i love you 
Take your time getting better. Your fans will always be here!!!
Get well, most important! love one of your elder monsters
@ladygaga ЛЕДИ ГАГА МОГУ БЕЗ ЛЕКАРСТВ РУКАМИ ЗА 15 МИНУТ СНИМАТЬ ГОЛОВНУЮ БОЛЬ И БОЛЬ ПОЗВОНОЧНИКА БЕСПЛАТНО У МЕНЯ ДАР ПРИРОДЫ Я ГОТОВ ПРИЛЕТЕТЬ К ВАМ В США ЕСЛИ ВЫ ПОЗОВЕТЕ +79035851631 МОЯ ПЕСНЯ называсяМ.ГАЛКИН http://youtu.be/FDkO7SqsJ3Q 
Э/п prodani11@yandex.ru Skype ilya.prodan
@ladygaga
Nice one
So beautifuuul, my angel 
Best wishes for peace & rejuvenation from a 27 year fibromyalgia endurer.
STUPENDA
Awesome!
#ExtensAbilityRocks
Great show gaga.... get yourself well ready to wow us again next tour... xx
My heroe
Dear LGG, you have to know that you can bring a chair on stage and SIT AND SING, we will be there. We love you. Fling those painful heels to hell. #comeinyourpajamas
What amazing show love ya Gaga .
Next Time, Jump less and be sure you can do the entire tour and not cancelling twice your shows... bye bye for ever Gaga! 
You were amazing I don’t know how you do it I danced all night and can’t move with my fibromyalgia god bless you
Are you?
LIVING
My wife has had so many people say she makes up her fibromyalgia disease. She feels like she is vindicated now that you’ve gone public with this. Lyrica helps her and a few other things for pain.
In Honor on Black History Month check out @Compton_Kidz video of Oscar Nominated Stand Up For Something
If you can’t deal with this pain, how can I ? You were the one person who kept ME going. I’m sad beyond words. God help us both.
come to the show in Birmingham #awesome ! My has the same thing as you #GetWellSoonGaga
so sad that i would never see this :(
Did you finish to record the JWT?
Amazing show 
Messer
Satanic evil.
Hope you feel better soon. Sending you a big hug  @ladygaga
I woke up to sad news that Lady Gaga tour has been cancelled. Get well soon.
Sultry.
hope you feel better soon 
So your jumping are you ?
Lol cancelled tour again  have you ever finished a tour in ur life time. #ladygagafloppedagain
Every time I saw moves like this I wondered "God if she was in pain she'd be breaking her soul to do this" but I always thought u were better. This is serious. I am SO SO sorry to hear u're still suffering. I've said already that I pray for u constantly. WeU #GetWellSoonGaga
So cool!!!
I am thinking of making a pop video called "I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU"
literally the best got I've ever been too! 
That boy is a monsterrrr
Way to go girl
@Denisse_f98

wow! you rock!
Great move!
Cool
OMG INSANELY LIVE XD
OS ILUDIDOS AINDA ACHAM Q ELA VEM PRO BRASIL KKKKKLKKKK TAALVEEEEEZZ NA GERAÇÃO DOS NETOS DE VOCÊS KKKKKKK
Como es tu Pené
Can’t wait to watch the DVD of #JoanneWorldTour because you didn’t tour Russia. AGAIN!  
@ladygaga, hope you come next time. We will protect you from the government with our #MonsterLove.
Well... she can start to succeed an entire tour for beggining... Flop Gaga, she’ll never be the queen
@ladygaga I haven't stopped talking about u & how INSANELY, FANTASTICLY, WONDERFULLY, INCREDABULOUSLY INCREDIBLE u were on Wednesday. I'm still BUZZING. Thank u a million times for the best time of my life. Seeing u perform right in front of my eyes made my life. I love u SM Xx
Lol nice .. I can’t wait to watch this show !!
queen
miamor
The best concert I have ever been too. Two days on and I am still buzzing xx
Wish that was Birmingham, Alabama
Tap down those boots 
But that song is hers
I pray to you my queen, if you recognize the princess
Please give credit to Lucy Lawless for your opening on your documentary,  you are both queens
See you at the O2 Sunday......
I’m planning a Royal wedding party on 19th May to raise awareness and funds for @mhealth_uk in serious need of auction prizes, donations and support! #MentalHealthAwareness
So nice
Yessss
It was a brilliant amazing talent thank you x
Fantastic show at Birmingham - I’m old enough to have dean the Beatles - this was very special whatever your age
https://youtu.be/knKAdSHQJDc 
GAGA
gaga I love you so much, I am so proud to be your fan, I want you to know that I will never give up on you, thank you for exist, I love you @ladygaga 
bbbbnn
Wig off
wow badass
Can you do the super bowl again this year.... 
3 am, Mustang speedin', two lovers headed for a dead end... 
Gooddayladagagahowareyoutodayhappyfridayiwouldlove toseeyiuinconcert! But I’m always broke yourgreatwithtonybennettyoutwoareapeefectpair!!!! Have a fantastic Friday woman ! 
Yes
My queen literally ascended lmao
wats up lady
The best show I have ever been to in my entire life, I will never forget it! Definitely worth the wait! You are incredible!!
Amazing concert! Loved it
nice
mast
Tarta?
Isso é Gaga!
Ué, não tava devastada?!
I LOVE IT SO MUUUUCHHH 
long  hair  yes  gaga  yes  more

حلو شديد
Please LOVEEEEEEEEE MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE FOLLOW MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!
。
After 15 hours of waiting outside the arena in the cold, it was worth it, I was front row and was so close to you, you’ve touched my heart forever, helped with my anxiety and depression and saved my life many times. I love you 
I was there last night, thankyou for such an extrodionary show although you didn’t read my letter it still meant a lot to me that I was in the same room as you, and to be so close too! You’re a precious person. I love you mother monster 
Go Gaga Girl Go
Awesome
yaaa am ready
You're on so AMAZING!!! SLAY!!!!
Love you #Mothermonster!!! 
Sexy Gaga
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=769935556531422&id=504763296381984 …
YEsssss!
As a retirement present we brought our manager tickets fir Birmingham he can't wait. Have a fab time Barry Martindale #ladygagaoldestfan
NO.
Класс!
Good show girl keep spreading that beautiful muscuic around @lady Gaga
