Get well soon and take your time we’ll wait and we’ll still be there when you’ll come back
Sorry to hear. I watched your documentary and your illness was no joke. You must be in alot of pain 
Maybe if you stanned LOONA your health would be in order...
Listen Susan i can take your other hip out too
He’s got 283k more followers than you, I’d say he’s doing it the right way 
Just get better! You’re health is more important than anything! LOVE YOU GAGA
Your* 
Sorry, I was drunk tweeting again
I hope you get better soon, we love you so much. 
Go see Dr st Amand marina del Rey CA...FIBROMYALGIA
please get to feeling better. i’m thinking of you xoxo

It’s so sad that you have to deal with all that I love you so much hope you get better soon!
To a speedy and Healthy recovery. You are and Awesome Woman an Inspiration, Truly Impressive in So many ways... Wish You All the best, And Your Well Being has to be the Priority, with that everything else falls into place. Feel Better
I had sympathy last time but to just abandon us now is ridiculous. You should be ashamed to rape our fabs like this.
Sending love and light x
So very sorry to hear of your pain. Sorry for your fans who will miss out of this marvelous show.  The situation must be very grave for you to come to this decision. We know how much you love to perform & how you hate to disappoint your fans. Take care Gaga! Be well.
i love you so much 
Omg This Breaks my heart I Hope your doing ok  I Keep you in my prayers please stay warm & Safe I hope you feel Better My mom is In pain We need to Pray  I'm Serious  We Love You Gaga 
Sad you are in pain.  Hope you are well on your way to recovery!
Rest up and feel better darling! We need you for years to come.  #GetWellSoonGaga
All the best for minimum pain & speedy recovery.
Get well soon Gaga 
I suffer too ... i hope you get well soon gaga...and I hope you know it's ok to run out of spoons now and again...we are warriors and I will always fight by your side as we share in similar battles. I love you with all of my heart! Xoxo
Did you wonder why you feel this way? Maybe it's because of where your mind is.....
So full of shit.
REALLY GAGA ? I FUCKING PAID 8 PLANE TICKETS. ON 26.10.2017 AND NOW ON 23.02 TO SEE YOU IN BERLIN(flying from Romania). THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE. NEVER GOING TO ONE OF YOUR SHOWS AGAIN.Sorry I love you to the moon and back but not everyone is full of money. what 
Please read this. Please. I have fibromyalgia and totally understand Gaga’s decision.
Indeed. I have fibro too & it's really hard for ppl to understand how 1 day you can be fine and the next you can barely walk.
Yes. That’s so true & so frustrating.... but you know, before being diagnosed with fibro, even myself had no idea what this condition was. We just need to bring more awareness. To help those who might think they have it and for those around, so we can all help each other out.
Guess i was "lucky" my very best all-time friend had it& kept aftr me2go get checkd. We went 2a retreat &most time, I helpd hold her so she could walk (we both have arthritc knees2).Comg home, she grabd me slightly abov my elbow.I almost hit her& NVR knew I hurt there.I made appt
Yeah. I have a friend who has fibro too and it’s nice, because she always understand me when i’m feeling like i’m the only one going through so much pain. Really thankful for that. And for Gaga, cuz she’s the one who inspired me to open about my chronic pain and it’s helped me
Got my first tattoo and everything for coming to see you and was also travelling 300 miles to come see you  So I'm actual heart broken that again I'll never get to see you but I know that your health comes first and that you'll come back
Gaga, i’m so sorry:( i prayed for you every night you had a show. I know exactly what you’re going through, since i have fibromyalgia myself. You’re doing the right thing. Don’t mad at yourself or at your body for not functioning as it should be. Love you so much and take care
I could cry! You’re health is all that matters you are absolutely amazing and I wish upon a star that we can work again god bless xoxo
I will always supporting and loving you @ladygaga no matter what. True monsters are here for you. Take care of yourself stop beeing brave for us, be brave for your health ! Get well soon lovely  ily w all my heart

im really worried with you please stay well i love  you
I love you  feel better queen
Take care of yourself and
we love you Gaga
OH MY GOD GET WELL SOON

gaga I love you so much, I am so proud to be your fan, I want you to know that I will never give up on you, thank you for exist, I love you @ladygaga 

gaga I love you so much, I am so proud to be your fan, I want you to know that I will never give up on you, thank you for exist, I love you @ladygaga 
Yes Gaga!  Put yourself first. Wellness is key.
I love you please take a rest you deserve it honey
we love you baby, get well soon
QUEEN OF DISEASE
Love you so so so much girl
i love u darling
My experience of fibro at its worst, which I tried to illustrate as per my drawing. Pain all over which drains all energy from oneself. Plz show kindness towards her as she always does towards her fans #Fibromyalgia #GetWellSoonGaga @MENnewsdesk @bobby_campbell #LadyGaga
Some days, just blinking your eyes hurts. This is a great drawing. Thanks for sharing!
Thank you for kind words towards my drawing Sharon X
Get well soon baby Gaga 
We love you xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx
@rayansrr  pas besoin d’aller chez maristello du coup finalement
Putain Jsuis choqué, j’ai rien compris mais les pauvres
Hi
Oh my god I’m devastated
Same :(
I was supposed to see her tomorrow 
I was supposed to see her Tuesday :(

Hey  I would love too see some of those videos if I could?  it would mean the world! I would have seen her in just 12 days 

So upsetting to know you're suffering this pain. You work so hard and it goes without saying that your health should always come first. Hope you feel better soon 
Hope your well too Helen 
Thanks Melissa! Hope you're doing good too x
I'm doing well Thankyou. You always show me such KINDNESS Helen. Can you tell Gaga that she can take as long as she needs to rest thats shes incredably brave i look forward to seeing her soon?
Feel better soon.
I have fibromyalgia myself!   I understand totally how you feel!   Get well!
Mommy gaga keep always good and healthy I love u so much I pray u always fine.  Being ur lover fan and little monster i still hoping that u can go for ur show again. I love u so much mommy gaga love u 
Also if anyone who unfortunately never got to see her wants to see some videos I took from Birmingham on the 31st January, don’t hesitate to DM me, I would happily share sending my love

For millions of dollars paid you are fit enough to get your residence in Vegas but you’re too sick to perform few shows in Europe - letting your fans down !!! Not everyone got such lot of money to come to see you in Vegas and a lot of your fans needed to see you! I Don’t get it !
So true!
Thanks
Who wil refund my 50.000 dollar for booked hotel ?
Omg sweety; I am so sorry to hear that you suffer that much! Take all the time you need to rest and recover! The world will understand! I(we) love you forever too
Salut Marie-Eve. C'est Claude Riopel tu peut me rejoindre ou me laisser un message. Sa me ferais très plaisir de reprendre contacte avec toi.
Mamaweba otra vez? Who is gonna pay all my saving I spent going to rock in Rio?
From one Fibro warrior to another, I Send you love & strength @ladygaga I was due to see you @ManchesterArena but maybe someday we might meet again.
Some perspective for you #JoanneWorldTour
Always put your health 1st sweetie,I honestly get it  ive been living in pain for 10yrs including having #Fibromyalgia and I know how severe the pain is along with all the other chronic pain issues I have. I want to thank you for you @netflix documentary #GagaFiveFootTwo 
Same here @Brandica_Jessy  I'm in tears right now because sometimes we just gotta let it all out. I read on a blog somewhere how some people are upset with her for cancelling They will NEVER UNDERSTAND what we go through. Just hateful people in this world 
I know I truly feel for @ladygaga as a human being,  not a singer, songwriter,  performer or actress!  As a person in real pain.  It's sad to see even the biggest of "fan's" not be on her side an see she's only human  this world can be so cruel  I'm praying she feels better.
It’s okay lovely, health always comes first and those who don’t understand that are not real fans. I love you so much and I’m happy I got to see you in Birmingham but also saddened to know that you were probably in pain when performing much love
@chezzy_ :(
No I know but ur tweet doesnt make sense lol typo?
What do you mean
“I become Elvis depressedly”
Get well soon mother, I'll support you no matter what. I love you with my entire heart and I'll be waiting to have the chance to see you in Argentina. Take care of yourself first, please, don't worry about the tour now.

I love you forever too. 
Praying for a speedy recovery! Get well soon!
Please get well, you are the most important person at the present time. You mean the WORLD to us, I played the video for Joanne, I thought of my mom losing her identical twin at 16. They are together now passed in 2002
You are a warrior and my inspiration! I'm praying you find relief from the pain. Your health most definitely comes first. #LadyGagaFibroWarrior #WarriorWoman #LoveYouAlwaysLadyGaga
that's very sad but I hope that you'll  be ok. I mis you, I know that you can't make more shows you need to be safe and sound, but you need to know you can write beautiful songs forever, and you'll never be alone cause I want to Hear every song that you write While I'm still aliv
I love you so much and I'm with you, don't listen to these ppl who's doubting your pain, they're not able to put themselves into your situation, just breath and put yourself together, we respect and will be waiting for you  get well soon mother monster
bem maluca
da tempo ainda da urbantv tour substituir, corre
urbantv esta devastada
#GetWellSoonGaga
Your health comes first!  Be well. 
Get well Gaga, Monsters still with u . Always in our minds. Your health is the most important . You bring everything to the LM but now you need to stay and LM give you back everything now. Paws Up and this is for u Mother Monster
@berwith excusas maricas
I hope you start to feel better soon  Sending you good vibes and love.  I don’t suppose you’ve heard of Donna Eden? Her work might be of interest and help to you M’Lady.
I'm so fucking devastated
Take care Gaga! We love you!
Get better soon, Mother! Big hugs and kisses for you always!
I am so sorry you are suffering. Take good care of yourself. You only get one body. I hope you feel better soon. 
We do not need your apologize Gaga, we understand and we thank you for this Joanne era. France will always love you and we will wait for you. Take care of yourself, this is the most important for your little monsters. Whatever happens we are proud of our mother monster. Xoxo Gaga
Your health is more important
I completely understand because I have Fibromyalgia too. You are making the right decision. Take good care of yourself and know many prayers are coming your way.
I hope you get better and your return on stage can be a successful.  my prayers on you and your team. 
So sorry to read of your health problems. I live in HOT SPRINGS, ARKANSAS. Many people who suffer from fibromyalgia have seen a dramatic improvement in their symptoms by soaking in the water at the natual springs bath houses, here. It wouldn't hurt to try....
Te amo
Get well Gaga! Health comes first 
We can cure your condition without harsh drugs using herbal botanical treatment We are will to treat you for free in California Works every time! Contact us
We love you
All my love to you. Please take care of yourself. I know you're in great pain.
@jodiedoherty22 can’t eat for the next 2 weeks cus of u
I'm really sad that I'm not gonna see you in Berlin for the first time but Your health is more important than everything cause you give me reasons to live and now for me and little monsters your health is most important Mother Monster <3
Ill do anything for u 
toma dorflex
I hope you will have a steady and complete recovery. The creativity in your mind will stay strong and will see you through this phase.
Gaga.. check out LLLT or cold laser therapy for your fibromyalgia.   It works if you get the right laser and practitioner.  Pm me if you want some direction .to find one
Whatever it takes,however long it takes we will love & admireU 4ever whether UR physically able2 share your gifts w/us or not
Chronic,MASSIVE pain drains a person daily & cumulatively,physically & mentally
Millions of us take SOME comfort in knowing Uhave the best medical support
Be well, live well. 
I feel your pain. FibroFlare is NO joke. Take care of yourself. #FibromyalgiaIsReal
Get well little monster....hope you rest and recover soon....
I’m willing to bet she was given Levaquin or Cipro a while back, side effects are horrific and can come months later. Many groups on FB with thousands of hurt people 
Get well soon, my lady  and don't worry about negative comment
i'm really worried about you, but i'm glad you're putting your health in first place, know that we all support you  #GetWellSoonGaga
Praying for you to get better soon 
Love you MM, hope you feel better soon 
ow meu amor fica bem
Your health and safety always comes first. I know this isn’t easy for you but just know we are there for you at your highest and lowest, just like you are for us. Get the rest you need and deserve. We love you 
Get better girl
we will fix u with our love <3
We love you, forever.  Take your time. Your health and safety comes first. We need you to perform for us all years to come. Take care of yourself. We are always with you. Sending my love, thoughts and prayers.
L
You take care of you. That’s the important thing.
Be wellself care
My beautiful love, I'm so sorry. I know this is not the best way to finish but this is just an example of your courage and perseverance. Despite the pain. And that was Joanne.
Love you Gaga, take care of yourself and feel better 
Love you soooo much. Get well soon, Queen 

Sending you so much healing energy and angels  
Feel better Lady Gaga
Please get better. #GetWellSoonGaga 
You made the hard, but right, decision
Get better :(
**
Rest and get well. We are proud of you 
Tough decision but you have to take care of yourself! Get some rest my fellow spoonie!
Not really a pop music fan,but big-time gaga fan.your an amazing lady and wishing you well. Godbless
Get well soon mother monster
Get better
Omg Mama take care of yourself don't worry about anything else and I'm prying for you to get well soon!! Promise we'll be the cure 
Who will refund me of the 200€ in train I spend to seeing you ? 
Damn this money is a lot for a lot of us.
I know you are seek. And I know you are sufferd. But, why your producer reconduce the tour. It's unacceptable for the many fans who don't have money, and just work really hard to pay for just 2 hours of you in there life. 
The ticket was expensive, the train too, and the hotel.
#getwellsoongaga your health is important 
Love you, get better from someone who knows the pain and suffering we go through  #Fibromyalgia #sucks
Always put yourself first dear. We will always love ya no matter what. #JoanneWorldTour was amazing, thank you for the show!
So sorry to hear you are in so much pain. I am sure your fans will understand. Sometimes you need to put yourself first. I hope you make a speedy recovery and feel much better very soon. You will soon be back to your strong, fighting self. Sending hugs and take care of yourself!x
Lady Gaga I love you so much I hope you read this: @ladygaga #GetWellSoonGaga #JoanneWorldTour 
Lady Gaga I was supposed to meet you Thursday in London, but your health is so much more important to me. I will meet you one day. I plan on it sunshine. #GetWellSoonGaga I love you with all my heart. I'm…
Sorry for your suffering. Take care of you first.  
Get well soon!
I’m sorry you are ill, but we have now lost two sets of flights for my daughter’s trips to the two London concerts you had to cancel. They were non-refundable as these are the cheapest way to get to the U.K.  I’m afraid we won’t be buying her any more tickets.
If you are strong for us, we gonna be strong for you...
I don’t have words... take your time and come back more stronger than ever. You’re my life and I can’t wait to see you 
Woman take care of yourself. You will be in my prayers for healing.
get better soon gaga  i love you soo much
Hope u get better. I love ur music one of a kind
Get well soon mom. We love you 
@Lady Gaga. Do not forget that we are always there and we will be with you with the soul, heart and life. Always with you supporting you and asking God to heal soon. 
Hi Lady Gaga, never tweeted you before never saw your concerts, but like some of your videos. Anyways celebrity aside one human to another, prior to your condition did u ever take an antibiotic ie cipro or levaquin or avelox? If so may explain things.
Get well soon
Get well soon!
I really don’t know what to say in a moment like that.Please don’t be worried about us,take care of yourself.We love you so much and always will be by your side,okay?! 
Thank you for speaking out about the difficulty in living with chronic pain and incurable illness. Love, a fellow spoonie
Love you and everything you do. Praying for you and hope you return to doing what you love. 
We were here for you before this, we will be here during this, and we will be here after this.
Hope you get your pain under control soon hun sending big hugs xxxx
te amo baby fica bem
take care mom 
So sorry to know you are suffering from your fibromyalgia again ,and cronic pain ,when this happens it can knock you for six, get well soon best wishes 
I understand because I have pain but sometimes people do not understand you. God bless you!
Hope you heal quickly 
Did you check if you have the celiac disease???
How can people be so cruel? She’s only a human being and theres only so much she can do. Try to understand. (I’m not a big gaga fan but I think she has an incredible voice). If she’s in pain, you guys should try to respect that. I don’t think she’s cancelling cause she wants to.
はやくよくなるといいね！
forças meu amor :( eu te amo muito.
get well soon @ladygaga  "when you're lonely, i'll be lonely too. And this is the fame."
Having a really bad fibro pain day... thinking about you. You make me stronger everyday. I love you
Cancelled once but now for the second time  hope you feel better soon . I won’t be buying tickets again !!
Who is loona?
LOONA's a twelve member girl group that is set to debut this year.  I'm sorry if you've come across the toxic fans promoting them where it's not needed. I don't even know if I want to call them "fans" really. It's disrespectful to promote them on under a serious post. 
I knowww 
força miga

We are always here for you!!! Don’t worry about anything!!! Please take your time to rest and heal!!  #GetWellSoonGaga
I love you Gaga don´t worry about that, the first thing is your health, those of us who truly love you we wait what is necessary and from Spain i wish you a quick recovery!
Love You anyway Queen !!!
@charlegoldsmith she needs u she lives in pain poor girl.
My mother suffers from the same disease and I understand everything that you must be suffering, I need you to know that I love you so much and I hope that you get well soon baby. (Sorry for the bad english haha) xoxo⚘
"rio I promisse I will come back" rainhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
“I love this woman.” Me “Dad material. Awesome!” Tyler Grey “Murder. Death. Kill.” Jayson Floyd “I’ve got to go it alone from here, ____.” NO JUSTIN! JUSTIN LEHEWWEW
We love you foreva.
I love you so so much, I'll support you forever
get well.. we love u
we love you, get well soon, gaga! 
I feel your pain @ladygaga as I have fibromyalgia, chronic migraine & IBS. The guilt of canceling plans with loved ones, missed work, not being “present” for your kids...”they” don’t understand and it just makes the pain worse. You crash & recover. You’re Gaga. We  you! 
You have to do what's right for you! You have worked hard and overworked yourself. The stage breaking was a sign from Joanne that you need to stop and rest. We know and feel your sadness. Fans will have to understand if they are true monsters. You are only human! for life
As a fellow chronic pain sufferer, I know this wasn’t an easy decision and I am so proud of you for doing what you need to for your body. It also is inspiring to see you be open about the hardships. Thank you for that. I hope you find some relief soon. I’m rooting for you!
Se cuida fada, para com as coreografias mulher, tour só no piano
Gaga we love u, get well soon
Praying for ya GagaI understand, I’ve got a chronic illness, ulcerative colitis, it changes your life, interrupts it. Take care of yourself.
Thinking of you and hope you feel better soon.  You're doing the right thing.
Take care of your health. Put yourself first and heal. We will be waiting for your return. Lots of love and hugs sent your way. Get well soon!
You are in my prayers. Thank for all that you do! I LOVE you! 
I’m also a long term sufferer of fibromyalgia like Lady Gaga and I know how awfully painful and exhausting it can be! 
Feel bettter MM we love you!
I hope your well soon. We love you.xoxo
@GleekNmixer
