First time hearing Joanne, loved it beautiful. She passed away on my grandmas birthday
Eu te amo muito!
I can help you get out of pain and heal the trauma. I am legit and my gift is of birthright lineage from my great grandmother who was the village healer in Puerto Rico. 
It is my honor to be of service so you can continue to heal the masses.

Love it xoxo
I LOVE playing my guitar along to this. I literally just sit in my room for so many hours on end playing as if I were on stage with you. Why are you so amazing?
THIS IS A MASTERPIECE. CRYING. THANK YOU
verdadeira artista com um coração e alma enorme
Dancin In Circles Piano Version please
Sis that’s like asking for government hooker orchestra version
We want that too
https://youtu.be/dGwi9awYQzI  xoxo
, Joanne
Really great. One take, too! Wow. You are so talented. I fell in Gaga love again with you. Love the picture of you on the horse. Hot Lady! Beautiful song. She’s looking at you and loving it, too.
So beautiful. Made me cry
Gaga I'm so sorry you didn't win a grammy for #Joanne you deserved it honey" all that beautiful work you put into that album was for nothing I can't believe you lost I bet you are sad  how do you feel about it!? 
Ladies and gentlemen  Miss Johanne is it a professional singing with the real experience about it thank God she's alive thank God she's alright God bless you baby have a good night......
I also like 2018 #Gaga
Thank you, Joanne. This video is such a work of absolue simple beauty. And I listened too: "Call me Joanne" 
 I watch it several times a day. It gives me the strength to make it though another 24 hours  in this crazy world.
So much gratitude for you.
I'm taking piano lessons and it's one instrument hard to learn, but I'm not giving up.
@ladygaga @Vevo
Who was going to tell me, that I would get to hear a song by Lady Gaga, it's beautiful, both the video and the song
mam i anm suffering from fibromylgia

d 90th vovd
I empathize with You deeply my Lady.
Any plans to re-release the whole album in a piano version? This version of "Joanne" is amazing.
I don't see singer like u evr
I just love  this version.  more and more everyday. #Xoxo #joanne

What a beautiful & emotional performance Gaga. You just proved to us that you don’t need to win a Grammy to show that you have talent. You and @MarkRonson made us cry tonight. Thank you for everything you’ve done…
Love everything about this performance specially the wings were spectacular it was like a dream in heaven.
#realestate. #realtor #luxury #home #property #architecture #realestateagent #forsale #luxuryrealestate #design #house #interiordesign #miami #investment #success #lifestyle #realty #business #luxuryhomes #motivation #homes #ny
You deserved the Grammys but don’t worry, your music is the real masterpiece.
Yes Queen 
please let joanne rest in peace
Delete this or im gonna block you
What a beautiful tribute. 
My little sister has been DXd w/ LUPUS/MS (still doing good stuff w/ her theater project.) My aunt MS, me, ME/cfs/Fibro...
Families tend to know the battle w/autoimmune/mito dysfunction.
Warriors all.
I made the wrap for you if you'll have it.
Amazing
@jaredoke 
Wonderful 
You are such a talented musician Joanne. Thank you for sharing your incredible talent with us.
So beautiful.. 
Hi Gaga, I'm happy to hear your music mainly from this last album, I identify with you a lot, because I suffer every day with fibromyalgia, the pains in the body are unbearable and there is still no cure. But the music Joanne touches me deeply that removes all pain. Thank you.
Tears my heart out. Lost my husband 2 years ago when n November.
So beautiful. Your music makes me feel things. I’m so grateful my daughter introduced me to you. 
love this so much

Hinooooo
It is so beautifull 
Nicely done!
#joanne derserved a grammy that album is so beautiful from start to finish. I still can't believe my girl lost  that album was amazing and it needed more appreciation
I'm so mad #Joanne didn't win a grammy like gaga put all of her heart soul and emotions and made such a beautiful album for her family I can't believe she didn't take home a grammy I bet gaga is sad  but to me she doesn't need a award to prove how amazing she is 
hi gaga"  it's your little monster here, if you love me LIKE THIS TWEET! 
Gaga Will Follow My Account In 2099 
I love this song.  Makes me think of my best friend when she passed away in her sleep.  How I miss her.
Heres a fanmade i did 4 you,not as good as "do what u want with body " that i did but still cool. Check immortal Burdens on youtube. 
https://youtu.be/SCrUjWImVuc 
Ive done original perfect illusion and this perfect illusion ,fashion, Electric Chapel ,electric rain, do what you want with my body, two different versions of million reasons and Venus
I love you
The impact this album has had on my soul is astounding. I got through my Grandfather's sudden death and many other low points in the past year and a half because of #Joanne. Even influencing my own music with it's personality and depth. Thank you Gaga baby. Forever proud of you.
You are truly an inspiration Love! Please keep on inspiring all of us to be #FearlessWomen 
#bycottGrammys
https://www.gofundme.com/skelley0617 
Hi Lady Gaga :) Please read my story and support it if it's a cause you believe in! Even  a dollar helps! Or even if you could share to get the word out, it's  for my education, please please help!
Hits me in the feels... reminds me of being a kid in the 70s and of the friendships from back then that fell away as we grew up.
Beautiful
absolutely beautiful
Gaga a veces pienso que no soy un buen fan tuyo por no tener todo aquello que muchos tienen de ti  debido a que yo vivo en cuba , tu presentación fue deslumbrante y demuestras una vez más que eres una de las cantantes y compositoras más destacadas de estos tiempos , te amo
JOENNE . You were the most beautiful last night. I'm Italian and I hope to see you again for another concert. Girl you are a nuclear power.
Lady Gaga check out this MiniGagaDoll from your #JOANNE performance @ladygaga 
Lady Gaga you've got to see this GagaMiniDoll of your #Joanne performance at the Grammys @ladygaga by @MINIGAGADOLLS 
 

Great white people like us and our great white flag fuk yeh helll yeh and we have to keep pushing really hard through facebook and twitter for nobody make pip and pas loud amen amen and amen GOD bles America you and your family amen amen and amen
It’s 27 seconds long but it doesn’t mean I’m joining the 27 club, I was born on a 27th..

such a great song!
What a Vocalist! What a songwriter! 
Gaga has so much talent & compassion. I love her immensely. Especially her ballads so we can enjoy her lyrics and vocal beauty !!
#StopAfrinGenocide 
#ErdoganTerrorist
Beautiful my idol @ladygaga in Joanne (Where do you think you're going?) [Piano version] 
Gaga you truly is one of a kind! 
FCkin Awesome
TE AMO
Amazing
I love you and i like new song #joanne
You are awesome.

Sooooo beautiful! Thank you so much! God bless you!!!
Your performance was http://brilliant.You  looked stunning. Your Aunt was surely smiling down Thank you for a moment of class in a show that has been turned into a sad display of horrible music. But you and a handful of true musicians saved the show from being a total disaster.
LOVE U GAGA 
Well, you're just going up from here ;) gawd, I hope you do Gaga the musical when you're older.
X
@ladygaga you make our hearts soar 
I hope you can feel the world's energy surrounding your heart every time you sing to Joanne.
Thank you for sharing this song with  every one of us. 
Xoxo #Joanne 
#GagaStrong #LongLiveMusic
GIVE HER VIEWS
It's amazing I love it 
Kind of feel like your telling us your moving on. Mother Monster even though we are all getting older we still need to put our paws up. Will have mine up when you come to Manchester next week. Can't wait x x x
I love you
Absolutely love it!!
Gaga I need you more than the angels
Amazing! Gives me goosebumps. 
i'm devastated
when I think that you can't do better, you surprise me and amaze me #everytime 
I love you 
dona de tudo
twit
NOTICE ME GAGA! PLEASE! I'M FROM BRAZIL AND I CREATED THIS #JOANNE COLLECTION INSPIRED BY YOU WITH MY LOVE!
This is my #Joanne Collection!
I created each piece with all my love!
#JoanneVibes #SuperBowl  #JOANNETOUR
Gaga needs to see my collection! 
I hope u see my #Joanne collection for u with my true love before the end of this beautiful, personal and powerful era! It's my dream, please!
This is my #Joanne Collection!
I created each piece with all my love!
#JoanneVibes #SuperBowl  #JOANNETOUR
Gaga needs to see my collection! 
This music video and this piano version makes me cry! Thank u! I love u forever! 
I love the song, but now I love it even more. The presentation and the song are gorgeous. Love it. Love you. XO Rachel
Wow. Just WOW. I have no doubt you’ve reached and she’s heard you from Heaven! #love
Audio is just perfect
Joanne (Where Do You Think You're Goin'?) - Piano Version, but the thumbnail is Lady Gaga playing a guitar??
Amazing 
Just beautiful Gaga 
Sdds applause
cool song
Nice
Beautiful! 
"Who and in what measure has shown generosity ?!"
Each answer will be checked.
Remember, the more you sacrifice for a good cause, the more it will come back to you!
You need to donate here:
https://igg.me/at/s6tU0EUrWXk  
So, how much did you donate?
Below are the options for an answer
これどうです？奥さん
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3VNX7518UU …
やめてーっっ！！
笑い死にするーーーー
青年は大志を抱くのね～～～笑笑笑
You're a increrable artist. A true artist! So I love you so much! Thank you to inspire us! 
great
Obsessed with this song LOVE YOU GAGA 
VOCE E MUITO NENÉM 
woow so great dear
Muchas gracias tía tqm eres arte puro ok sigue así tqm
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga #JoanneWorldTour
PLEASE LOOK AT ME MOTHER MONSTER 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
CHEGA, MULHER!!!!!!!!!!!!
ILY MOM




Just marvellous... 
it’s perfect 
Stefanie
Gaga, this new version is talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference, put it in a blender, shit on it, vomit on it, eat it, give birth to it 
love you gaga
@ladygaga
I love you forever, Joanne
It's beautiful, your performance at the Grammy's was beautiful. (Ik everyone is saying this but) I love this era so much. Thank you 
I love you
LEGENDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Awesome. We all have our Joannes that we miss. Powerful music, slowed down, but amplified in ways not measured. #LoveIt #SingOutLoud #BestInClass
I love piano covers  
Bravo
This was beautiful. You are beautiful 
I love you so much  please follow me 
You got me tonight LG!  First listen to Joanne, now I GET IT!  Love to you & yours!  
Loved you on the Grammys !  Just fabulous 
This album means so much to me as I have Lupus and I feel like you are singing right to me. I cry every time you sing "where do you think you're going". I'm scared to leave my family. I'm only 46.
And brought tears to the eyes of so many.  What a loving, beautiful tribute.

My mother, her two sisters, her aunt, my father's sister and my children's great grandfather all passed away last year starting with my mother in July.  Thank you for this tweet and song. It has helped me at a time in great despair.
Loved it 
@edsheeran  could you do that 
Beautiful  song
Lady Gaga you probably  could make gargling sound good. You are AMAZING
Love the song
Wow
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-6KId0a-aJZzN3tlWwy3Xw …
よろしくお願いいたします
I enjoyed that very much !
————————————
~ last night’s perfrmance is
even better (if pssible)
watching the secnd time and
it’s about to be thethird too…
always cool to watchthe
bubbles that can’t beheld
down no matter what rise to
the                                tp.
I love you @ladygaga Your singing and acting is so inspiring. soul search your connection to @HillaryClinton and #PedoGate and #Pizzagate and #SpiritCooking seriously there are so many that would help you. xoxo xoxoxo
#metoo @realDonaldTrump #Pizzagate #Kesha #Grammys @atensnut
I can't express how much I love it. 
Incredible
Beautiful video and beautiful, even more atmospheric than the album version. 
Sweet, your talent and versatility is A Mazzing!, keep it up, you shine a light! 
I did the keys in one take without quantizing them, I did the lyrics about my desire to find my baby and give her a kiss.. https://youtu.be/aAFBLd88iG0 
Such a beautiful song that came from sadness
I've heard this song many times, I cried a lot because I remembered the amazing joanne, the piano beats enter the soul, it makes me feel very sad, and it makes me relive what she spent here, we are very sad "joanne our girl is shining in the sky " #COMEJOANNE 
Keep being U self still remember the walk around you gave about first apartment
Nice I’ve been doing a lot of one takes too or did you not notice 
WOW
Gaga, you had the most beautiful performance of the night for sure and you deserved those grammys so much more than him. Know that 
I loved it!!!  you're awesome Lady Gaga! really beautiful song! 
