https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07B6D6WPC 
https://www.facebook.com/pr.islamiceducational/photos/a.495463853798289.116841.493553273989347/1888828597795134/?type=3&theater …

I want to be an artist!!!
You already are an artist!

WHAT??
Aww
Let’s Kill the stigma NOT another homeless person

We are NOT asking for donations.
Just ACT OF KINDNESS when U see a homeless person on your daily travels.

A sandwich, coffee, a blanket, chat or even a smile
Please SHARE any stories or thoughts on
@ladygaga 

@MenyLo

I don't have the sort or wealth to help in big ways like build hospitals, colleges or libraries but try the best to help my community in small ways when possible. That way over time hopefully things will add up.
I want to get more people noticing me when I sing / busk in public. I "live for the applause". What I really want though, is for my baby cat Dweezil to no longer have Diabetes.
One of my dreams is to keep stress free, despite my hectic college lifestyle :)
To be an ballroom dancer
lol   put my paws up  
I hope to be more fearless and show more of myself.
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07B2RMD75/ref=olp_product_details?_encoding=UTF8&me= …
#PMA
Does a mountain state still have "A" class for Apple's? What's that do when I was born ready 2 3, maybe 4 5, yrs ago?

I'd like to see a few famous West Virginians stand up for the teachers and family who helped get them there...#WVSOS #WVteacherStrike #WV
@BradPaisley @ladygaga @IAmSteveHarvey @RandyMoss @DeronWilliams @BenAffleck (ask Jennifer for us?)…
Is she going to have that skinned alive so she can wear that as well 
My hope and dream is simply that my jewelry can be recognized and worn by people that love it 

I just want my uni to resume 
Light and Love for you 
love this song.  Brilliant.
You are pretty inside and out, I don't care what anybody says from small town to big deal
Nebraska is very fun over the last few years and I miss Libby Norris too
I like nebraska
i want your love
I wanna roll a blunt with a jewezz
Is this the ’reel’ Lady Gaga?
Hoping for a peaceful weekend.
Sure could use some cash right now . 
@ladygaga fhj
Makes u feel happy
My hope:that i get a gucci bag full with money
My dreams:that i can have peace.
okay 1st I'm convinced sloths are actual aliens. As for dreams... I dream of living in contentment and finding a way to support myself independently.
I agree follow your dreams..yours and yours only..don't follow to the dream of others its their dream not yours and if you follow them then your not your living your life but there's everyone is individual be proud of who you are your special..know thatxxx
I’m working tirelessly to be in A&R at a top recording label. My dream is to be director of marketing and manager for a top artist like @ladygaga  Working connections. @BTWFoundation do you know about any shadowing opportunities?
I dream of a world without Trump.
The politician, not the man ofc... 
following  dream goal , Want to work for the LGBT community 4  the rest of my life ..searching here in Portland OR , need good thoughts 
Pass my microbiology test!
To find the right way to share my music and passion with the world.
Everything about Lady Gaga is a lie! Since the BTW foundation has ties to her, there’s likely shady business going on there as well. It’s all smoke and mirrors.
Super
My hopes are that Lady Gaga follows me. My dream is that Telephone part 2 comes out soon.
You should write one and sing it with her, imho!
My dream, or goal for the week, is to not be so crabby!
Mi sueño es que @ladygaga SIEMPRE se encuentre Perfectamente bien de su SALUD Y SU VIDA
My number one bucket list item: meet Lady Gaga. Life would be pretty much complete after that.
H
Hopefully some of those are “garbage collector” or else no one will be picking up all the pop star’s garbage.
For the week? Hopes-finish a book, keep the house tidy, craft, send out some cards, avoid a flare. Dreams-travel to Berkeley, get a massage, do some yoga, take my dog to the beach, start writing a book, eat a great salad-all pain free. 
Amazing!
My hopes and dreams for this week are to live as authentically as possible, practicing as much kindness, respect, and love toward myself and others as I can. I pray to give generously and courteously and help all whom I can.
I wish I had the monies for a homeless shelter for people and pets. The people would take care of the pets and self sustain the facility. Vegas needs it. I'm sure other cities do to. We also need a large no kill facility.
This sloth brings me life.
To continue to push myself into being a better person
Signing the contract for this job I just had the interview for. I want it so much!
:)
I want my depression, anxiety and pain to go away
That’s a deadly sin, sloth.. my goals are to get myself an advance from a record company and to use their management team to promote myself on a tour they put me on so I can pay them back. Also to get a studio apt and to get where I need to be in time..
I dream of the day I get to go home to my Father. For now, I hope for the best in human kind.
@chloegal92 
I hope that do well on my sociology exam & also that I passed my math and wellness exam!!
I wanna be an engineer.
To nail my interview tomorrow and  to be OK thru surgery on Tuesday
Tá perto do Mozão
I hope to become the best manager I can be and my dream is to have my own resort one day. One rhats Eco friendly and makes people happy  xoxo
I hope my Mom’s test results come back negative. I hope on Thursday I will not require heart surgery and it can be solved with meds.. I just wanna feel like me again so I can go places like grocery shopping. I Wish everyone good health, Peace  and Love .Get well soon Gaga
I love you!!!
*take opportunities
Nicki Minaj's comeback
@neeli_d
Be happy, live good times, be healthy and have news of your health too. @ladygaga 
I'd like to travel all over the world and meet all cultures during all my life you.
I hope that we can finally get a diagnosis for my small human soon! That would change our lives!
My dream is Lady Gaga getting better 
My hope for next week is to get rid of the pain in my upper back
I just want a normal life without pain and stress. I want my life back.
I want to get through this semester without having a mental breakdown
@KimmyDenner
I hope Gaga finds my post interesting and sinks into this song with me for my Mom 
Xoxo
We can heal together 
#Grigiogirls
get back on my good good cardio and move it from indoors to outdoors + finish my books so i can start my new ones! :•)
To make it to Friday so I can pay the rest of my rent!
Meeting Gaga & her following me!
Hoping to be a drag queen soon + dream for this week is to get off people who are not healthy to be friends with. Oh wow!
Thank you for the reminder. Be well.
I wanna be a singer...
My dream is to be a star, believe it 
To meet Lady Gaga xoxo  one day
To get into college
I’m in a 5 week training in Orlando to be a flight attendant! My dream is to get my wings and have @ladygaga come to my graduation.
~ i hope i forget to go to work.
I want to become an actor one day. 
And meet @ladygaga and tell her how she gave me strengh all those years and how I felt encouraged by her. By her work her passion and her dedication.
@KimMcCann13
Yes!!! Haha Jajaj
um emprego e paz no mundo
My dream is become more wise
It recalls me that my speech teacher usually encouraged us to put our hands up to express our opinions. Your rising hands just like the sun.
Good song big fan
I have the power
Eat, Live, and Dream Compassionately! Wanna raise my daughter that way.  I want to have my own fruit/veg stand, help the needy nd live simple with love, light, and real friends. That's it. #happy #peaceful #family @ladygaga @BTWFoundation
My dreams is the "follow" of @ladygaga
I want to buy gay things for the Sydney Mardi Gras parade
cleaning up the code for my synthesizef
I want to have a stress free life
My dream for the week is to be strong & keep my faith. And for my beloved to be "cured" from his suffering.
To meet @ladygaga before I die.
Money pussy Understanding
Be the manic ... 

Live set down, new song recorded, plus lottery win!
@Sebas__mx
Beer, pizza, poon, beer, pizza, poon
my dream is for gaga to get better again and start showing these “pop girls” how it’s done again. @ladygaga POP MUSIC IS BORING WITHOUT YOU GIRL BRING POPGA BACKKKKK
My hope... my son gets his life in order and stops getting in with the wrong crowd and constantly getting locked because of stupid things that he doesn’t think about b4 reacting!! 
my dream is that the gaga knows that it helped me a lot during my recovery and that she knows how important in my life my desire at the moment is that she is well
I hope I get this new job!!!
My hope for this week is that Lady Gaga is feeling better. 
Getting signed by a modeling agency and be an official very successful model  and I will.
my hopes and dreams for this week are for this to happen 
You know what would be GREAT? If @itsdougthepug could meet @ladygaga & her little angel piggies 
I want to make good songs that people would buy. And perform them here and there.

I hope I film a video this week!
Hopefully: Get a good move on with the pre-production stage of my first short film and possibly finish lyrics for some of my songs?? Also have a good catch up with friends that I haven’t seen in a while. Should be good fun! Hope everyone reading this has a lovely week!
I want to become an actress. The journey is long, I know, but until there's art, I follow my heart!
This week I hope Gaga is doing much better and is happy 
Omg love sloths
To meet @ladygaga
I wanna have a talent
I want to be free to be me.
Work on getting better at the piano.
@ladygaga for you to one day follow me 

@ladygaga mine is that Gaga listens to one of my vocal/piano covers of her songs someday.
Getting over this battle from being harassed& dealing With lawyers and to balance everything in my life 
I hope Gaga sees our video  https://twitter.com/apenasdagaga/status/816724609135419392 … @ladygaga
We tried to describe our love for Lady Gaga in some minutes, though it be impossible, We love you Lady Gaga <3 you give us Million Reasons! 
I hope to begin my career in music
I DID A COVER OF JOANNE XOX I LOVE U

Be the best version of myself and not be afraid to shine
Our dream is for you to see this!!
مساء الخير
I hope this week my baby @ladygaga will not feel much pain, hope she will take care of herself and feel better, with her loved ones. And I also hope she will know how much I love and care about her. But most important is that she feels better soon#PawsUp #GetWellSoonGaga
Gaga please look at this
My dream is to travel the world and spread kindness.
my dream is lady gaga noticing this
my dream is @ladygaga notices me 
Hopes and dreams would be to find out what I have been sick with and suffering with for the last 2 years but also to help others that are suffering more than me!
I hope @ladygaga is feeling better
For gaga to follow me
This week I hope to get more law school acceptance letters in, to write my paper on time, and to have a great birthday!!  (  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I want to get back to my routine of studying and cleaning
a like from @ladygaga under my pinned tweet :)
I hope that all my friend stop struggling with anxiety and depression and find a balance in them life
To get my 36 songs heard nationwide as they merit. I will die before I give up on this dream! Top 40. @AwardShowNews – at Jewel Care Center
i wanna become a publisher for the New York Times
Gaga follows me i love you
Getting surgery and being able to pay for it
I have many hopes and dreams, one is to meet @ladygaga someday and two is to finally find a way to beat depression and anxiety 
Gaga following me? No, that's not even possible...
