Thats not a poker face!  I think Italians may be great great actors and performers but not the best poker players.  "Poker Man"
Luv U!!!!
Miss Gaga, may I ask what are you using to treat your fibromyalgia please?
Shalom 
Bring those Grammys home mommy 
so do u want gaga to win both or lana to take one and gaga take the other
I want both to win
same, i want lana to win best pop vocal over gaga and gaga to win the other nom
Who is the designer on those frames?  Just amazing 
LOOΠΔ is better
Who
xenophobe

Hallo mom y love you
Cutty 
jbu a – at Saúde Performance - Vieiralves
Que mujer tan más hermosa
Oi amiha
so sweet mom
Nice
@ladygaga
@obrienjbiebs




she looks like a minion mixed with @OwenBenjamin
Gaga Sitting In That Chair  Like A QUEEN! 
What a beautiful girl like a queen I'll bet it to say like a princess....
azul e amarelo na roupa, olhos verdes! cores da bandeira do brasil.

DATAS NO BRASIL CONFIRMADA!!!!!!!!!!!


E ainda o branco das estrelas na pele dela. Amoo, vem rainha, o Brasil te espera.
Amoooo
ESSE MOMENTO É SÓ DOS LIROUS BR!!!!!!! VEM GAGA
Gaga I love the your music " Dance in the dark " 
bella con tu impermeable
Nice glasses u looking beautiful and so  gorgeous too
Hello
Eu amo vc
Luv You Gaga!!!!!!!!
Fabulous Chair!!! I love The Oversized Chair look! And you just look just so cute and tiny sitting in one! Love it! #LadyGaga is a Straight Up Beautiful #POPMUSIC Queen Bad-ass!  #RockstarGaga 4 life! 
Lovr!
I like you
Good luck. Love what you do and how you stand up for those of us that need you to stand for us. Bless you.
Fab look and loving the chair :)
You are such a sexy  woman.  Everything you do is powerful.  Your a pure goddess.  Define in everyway
Music? There was music?Much more politics, from totally unimportant people to our government, than music. Next session in Congress, I suggest everyone gets up and acts, sings, dances or strips (as much performers as previous) instead of make laws? Let Hollywooders do that 
cute
Cool mami
#Qanon8chan #Qanon

Stunning 
FASHUN! 

Looking good & feelin fine
Good look..... 
Hi i'like you very, very much, i like your videoclip, Andrei. Music i's a very beautiful
Sexy lady!
Hey there from sunny Cape Town psssst come visit
Terrible photos you look like a drag queen and you lost the contest yuck
Linda!
Te amo hoje e sempre!

#Joanne 
#PawsUp 
Hello idol how are you
We Love U
No thank you! I don’t do ‘Holy Wood’ & the entertainment industry anymore! You’ve all been outed. I suggest books & classical music.
super dear
stun performance!
Salut
.
Enjoy prencess 
Nice
I like your musics so much
Hello lady Gaga i am one of your fans in Africa (cameroon)
I Love U
Salam
Sigh.
You deserved to win both grammys tonight. @RecordingAcad...got it wrong! Utterly shocked, disappointed & mad @ the Grammys Boooo
waw so nice
You're so cool !!!
Wowwwww
DACASCVSD
luv you gaga
Great performance my lady! 
Hermosa y rica
Te amo lady gaga
So disgusting
I want that purple chair! It’s amazing!! 
So beautiful, fabulous and unique!
I love you!!  @ladygaga
love you girl

https://soundcloud.com/anthonybaconmusic/lets-chill-1 …
YAAAAAAS GIRL 
Beautiful Chair And Lady
Beautiful  Gaga
You're such a fancy pants.
I reckon those mirrors look heavy
I think art is showing us the end of us ...
!!!
I love you Gaga 
Sorry ...The politicalization of the music industry today , has ruined it for me . I wish I could enjoy .... goodbye music
You are phenomenal
Your a master of disguise. Very beautiful before and after the #GRAMMYs #Grammys2018 #GrammyAwards #LadyGaga
Love your pictires !!!
Welcome  home 

She looks 90!
Can’t wait to see you!! 
You're very beautiful, your queen. 
Lovely ya
Linda
E o quadril more
#TooHot!!!
Fallout vault suit inspiration? Hahah @bethesda

MOTHER MONSTER 

слава украине
I hope You big fan Marty is keeping track of you. You look relaxed and have the glow as usual
Enjoy the whole thing..
Slay mama
Good to hear you have put that pesky fibromyalgia in it’s box for now! That Pesky illness can become consuming. From one small sufferer to another#gogirl#love#painfree#times
Hii
Enjoy it
Great
Are you going to be at the super bowl this year
Love your glasses! Have a great time tonight :-)
gurl, why you slayin so much, though?
TE AMOOOO
Intensa
A look
Fashion icone
nicely
queeeeeeeeeeeeen
OMG your weeding ring looks sooo beautiful 
She is such an inspiration.
Someone shud give me her whatsapp number
Hey Gaga intelectual
Can't wait!
ur jacket!
Love your artistry.  You are amazing.
What a beauty queen 

Yasss  
Sweet
Love u Gaga
Gorgeous
If you was my librarian, some "rulers"were gonna get broken! goddess!
Best of luck, darling!  I hope you win!!
Round table with the team, hoping you'll win right  mhm worried worried
Guard the toilet! An anonymous individual might run out the door with your body fluid. That could ruin your spiritual life. At that point, I am glad that I am an Atheist.
Those glasses are yes!
i want that coat!!!!!!

Now that's FASHUN baby!! Honey, you are a STAR 
Really like you will be awesome
Flawless babe
Waiting for another Lady Gaga speaks her mind look forward to it don't let them tell you what to say
Can't wait to watch this 
very good
I think you need bigger glasses and chair.
your friend maverick
It may be weird for an old country music piano man to love Lady Gaga.  But talent is talent. You gotta respect talent.
#so inlove with the back of your dress loving the detail,big up to the hands that created it.
Oruspu
Nice pic in your thrown chair. Purple is the color of royalty. 
Are you performing tonight? I'll definitely watch tonight if you're performing. You're mesmerizing.

Sexy nerd
I approve 
My Diva
I love you
you look so flawless!
Gaga I love you! Thanks for healing me through this album with my surgeries and bullying! This album gave me hope and made me feel happy! It helped cure me! Best of luck Gaga tonight! I know you’ll kill it! 
QUEEN!!! good luck tonight, you deserve all the best. 
Yo salyiiiing queenyyyy
When You Been With Gaga Since The Beginning"  #LadyGaga #Monster4Life #LittleMonster
Can't wait !
Gaga it would mean the world to me if you saw my recent Grammys Joanne tweet and read the note! 

I feel that you will win some grammys tonight. That´s all.
#gorgous
Just lovely!
TE AMO
You look amazing as always!!!
Walk, walk, fashun baby
Love it! #slay
Music music and more music.
I wish you success in the field you love. Good luck
Nice
Is this your subtle way of informing us you love @Fallout ?
#Fallout4 #vaultgirl #Bethesda
Linda
EX SCUWZ ME MADUM *VWOOD U BLEEZ REED ME 
BALM?
You have bars
Hi
