Our bus will be one of 17 buses, representing the lives lost in the Parkland shooting and those lost every day to gun violence. Join youth from @StreetCornerRes & so many more, marching for safer communities, this weekend & every day. I am proud to support them. #NeverAgain
We miss u <3
Thank you for doing this Gaga. As an educator I appreciate you helping with this March tomorrow. Schools should be one of the safest places where no students are worried about violence. @ladygaga
Please follow me @bisexualgaga @demisgagie @joannesremedy and @sinkadeadbody we love you so fucking much
I LOVE YOU
I love listening to you sing.  The bisexual life style will not help you if you want to go to heaven when you die.  You see the Bible is the undisputed  WORD of GOD..
Batoul she came for you
wooooo i’m going to hell 
You won’t if you read the Bible, TRUST in JESUS.
in god we trust who? 
in PUSSY we trusT (if i get suspended it’s your fault fad)
You will live to regret all of this “lifestyle”.
I’m marching tomorrow!
Also I started your birthday drawing yesterday;)
#GoodKidsMadCity  #BlackLivesMatter #MarchForOurLives
Te amo
wig!
Will you be there queen
Mom
TE AMO
Thank you for also partnering with @DonorsChoose to support mental health and wellness projects for classrooms around the country!
Did you or did you not kill Lina Morgana
That is so wonderful for you to do
faz o favor de aparecer aqui no seu aniversário nada de quotar tweet e sumir
you inspire us gaga
hell yeah babe
Queen
Icon
pls mom notice/follow me :((
Plz follow her
thanks 
Love you to
Love you
Good job
I love you Gaga 
https://soundcloud.com/lindastonestreet/no-more … we stand with you #MarchForOurLives
lol, love you so much, im very proud of you gaga!  #NeverAgain #MarchForOurLives
Queen, we miss u so much 
How are you? I miss you, mom
Love ü
#MarchForOurLives #loveGAGA
i love you mom 
By the way, I was chosen for the exchange program, I'll hopefully visit the USA  I wish I could meet you there  I love you so much, miss u!
por isso eu te amo mulher, você é um anjo 
Ended the nra
I love you, follow me please #Brazil
Brazil loves and misses you 
When will this bus be leaving? And how can we be on it?
WE LOVE A GENEROUS ACTIVIST

Love you
hi
You’re a queen
Thank you for using your voice and your platform
I'm here in the West Palm Beach area representing March for our lives with my girlfriend and over 1000 ppl.
Don't you have a #SpiritDinner to go to?
Thank u Gaga!! For students like me school safety is really important, so thank you for using ur voice to ensure stricter gun laws So that we can try and feel safe 
PLEASE LOOK AT ME GAGA 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
Love you Mom 
You’re a queen and I love you 
Angel 

#MarchForOurLives
I love you so much gaga. Thankyou for being such an inspirational and kind woman
Legend
@ladygaga thanks for being so kind. Your music always gives me the strength that I need to move on. I hope to get your follow one day, it would be the greatest gift of my life! 
Love love love my Mother Monster I'm from Argentina 
Is it c9ming to boston?
Youth is future assets. 
I Love You so much mommy 
Thank you for supoort not only for tomorrow but everyday!! 
Thank you, icon.
I love you Stefani.....our birthday I coming  years ..March 28 the most beautiful day
Doesn't Lady Gaga have armed body guards? Just sayin'...
Look this baby
May you conquer this world more and more with your talent, I ask God in all my prayers to take care of you, to enlighten you, to bless you, to guide you every day, wherever you are. Thank you for everything and for…

4 Year’s ago @ladygaga released this iconic magical music video for G.U.Y  
I love you gaga thank you for all
Hope you’re feeling better I love you 
Queen
i love u mom, and i hope you felling better!! 
você podia me seguir né lady gaga
Hope the march works here in Canada guns aren't as bad of a problem
Good karma girl....
Thank you for always fighting for what’s right
Thanks for your help. Will be taking my granddaughters here in SC. as far as my old knees will take me.
Thank you for always involving yourself when it comes to matters like this
I love you
check this out mommy pls 
9 years ago, Lady Gaga released "LoveGame" as the third single from the album "The Fame".

The song was # 1 on US Pop Radio and Top 5 on the…
i love you!!!
We miss and i love you so much angel 
Thanks Gaga!! I just love every move you make (( god put u here for a reason, and you are a great example of a human)) 
Queen of Spreading love and awareness 
We love you thank you for talking about and supporting this! Also thank you for making a difference in so many peoples lives it’s truly amazing!
OMG YASSSSS QUEEN YOURE SO KIND AND GENEROUS YOU DESERVE THE WORLD!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABE PLEASE TELL US YOURE FEELING BETTER!! 
You’re so amazing
We miss you

I love u 
I love you so much
How are you Gaga? We miss you 
,
Legend
um hi i love and miss y
That’s so wonderful!
My queen
Can’t wait YASSS !!!! Love u xoxo
Queen
GODGA ILY
I love you Queen!
queern
We love you so much!!!!
Queen 
We miss you
quueerenn
skinny
teamo mami

FIRST SINGING SONG Happy Valentine's Day https://soundcloud.com/pjackofficial/dont-go-prod-pjack-x-seamakesmusic …
I wish I could donate to the foundatation born this way Bc I am a fan of gaga but I couldn’t @ladygaga
i havent clean chairs thats all
David Hog Wash Is a FAKER!
@ladygaga #LittleMonsters #LadyGaga #10YearsOfGaga
te amoooo
Lady gaga your ideas are very best and encouraging
Schools would be a hell of a lot safer if Libs would agree to put trained guards in them.
 But oh no.. That's a terrible idea they say.. (Meanwhile a trained guard teacher in the MD school shooting prevented 3 kids from being killed & injured & arrested the shooter..)
Aha... I knew if I scrolled down enough I'd find the Hollywood Liberal propaganda... A march to ban guns.. What a thing.. & its frontman David Hogg is a paid CNN actor..Go figure.. Guess it's such a good idea that they needed a fake actor pretending to be a Parkland student..
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999489615 

The "second edition" of my adult coloring book is published on http://Amazon.com 
That’s such a wonderful thing to do 
Never forget of the power of old people for we are the ones that can make a change.
And what about those who will never even own a clear backpack!?!? Where is the outrage
Great job#enough#IfNotNowWhen#NAACPNow
Lady Gaga. Not only that you are so talented my most favorite singer song writer and all of the above but you always stand for the right thing to do. Love you lots and look up to you. Thank you for the amazing gestures. And keep making incredible music.
Such BS two face you think kids are safer without guns then why do you security carry
I love you very, very much, because we are the world, we make the world a better place worldd within ourselves and our attitudes ....
Gaga is for womens rights except if its removing the cliterous in rje name of allah, also saying allah or Muhammad loves gays or is gay is blasphemy. Lasy gaga will only defend u if u hold the same exact beliefs as her
If u haven't killed a woman for not waering her jihab or speaking when not spoken ro rhen u are a sexist

Fabulous now can we start the fight to demand security guards at every school entrance in the US. -Jobs and safety for r kids-WIN-WIN!!
Very proud of you! As usual. 

Thank you!!
Love you Gaga!! 
The kids are alright. 
#Marchforourlives
In the county i live at we are 4th highest in the nation for gun ownership. We don't have violent crimes for a reason. We are armed and we are not filled with hate. Guns aren't the fucking problem, its people who will take another persons life with whatever they have to use.
A growing body of science says, that critical parts of the brain involved in decision making are not fully developed until years later at age 25 or so. In a moment, we'll hear about how child advocates are hoping to use this research to change the laws about their foster care.
My sign from today.. Please spread the word. Not a total solution but a deterrent now. Spray Raid in face of shooter up to 20 feet away. They drop gun and put hands towards face. Under $ 10 for both lock and Raid. Every Classroom NOW
@aeryre Mother Monster doing what’s right as always 
Are you taking your gun toting armed security with you?
Excellent ma’am, per usual.
https://amzn.to/2G8nbCe 
That’s so cool you did that!! Helping these kids express themselves!!
Emma González, as she likes to be called skinhead lesbian, is a complicit propagandist


You are so right!


Did anyone ever hear of "spirit cooking", pretending to feast on dead humans? Could a person who engages in that be sane?
@ladygaga #LittleMonsters #LadyGaga
Yea. Kids in Harlem have alot more to worry about than you trying to take their constitutional rights from them
You are protected by guns. Your opinion on my safety is null and void

#MarchForOurLives MillionReasons
#ParklandStrong     
  #GunReformNow 
#MarchForOurLives Great job as you & other celebrities are supporting the movement & any other celebrity reading this please get involved to help the youth They are making a difference & we call all help the movement flourish & the overdue gun laws come to fruition to save lives
Did you insure it? If it gets in an accident you would be liable.
Hell yeah I’ll be at the one in San Jose later
Sorry, you're not marching for safer schools, you're marching for George Soros and the Global elite.  Shame on you!
Well done, Lady Gaga. 
You are an angel, Gaga!
I am #FightingForMeagan 

Our story.... videos of how I am fighting for my daughter.
I think schools have to focus on the psychological status of their students to prevent them from doing something horrible in the future

ガガちゃん
Right On GAGA! Thank U & Others  Like U....Who Wants To See The Change ....When It Comes To Gun  V. In Our 's.... THANK U 
Totally agree!!!!
This is a friend of mine who was shot at the Las Vegas shooting while at the concert. She has gone through many surgeries and this is her post from.her most recent surgery less than a weak ago.. as.she looksi n the mirror yet she is stronger than most people!
I do too girl. The sad part is, are u seeing how disrespectable MOST of these younger people are. I have never seen this before. If i EVER talk to my parents the way these kids do no, i would be picking my teeth off the ground. Unbelieveable
Thank you for all your support
We miss you too much 
Have a good day Gaga!

#PawsUp
#MarchForOurLives
Thank you for always standing with the misfits and outcasts. I was never rich and probably never will be, you give me hope because you're a rich bitch fighting for people like me. Your integrity is so inspiring. I love you always #paws up @ladygaga
Skinny
SHARE!!!
Yaass queen
nós que temos orgulho de você
Gaga I love you so much  icon
