Release it please sis
Ok but????
Good
ulook mwaaa
@ladygaga i Hope we get a bluray Soon... i have to celebrate that missed Shows with my Little Monsters now! #JoanneWorldTour
https://twitter.com/Daniel54389011/status/967858752325025793?ref_src=twcamp%5Ecopy%7Ctwsrc%5Eandroid%7Ctwgr%5Ecopy%7Ctwcon%5E7090%7Ctwterm%5E3 … @ladygaga  recupérate pronto,te amo

Baaaaaabe...? 

xxx
I love vou
Eu te amo muito!
Convenient that.... filming the tour I mean...
@ladygaga
@ladygaga
Which one of yours doing listen to

For cancelled ticket holders, send us a link to the filmed Birmingham show (once edited), so we get to see the show without causing you pain <3 <3 it'd be a nice gesture <3 <3 Then we'll buy the dvd! Be well & less demanding of yourself, your fans love you, whatever you do. xxx
Conveniently the sickness struck after she finished a salable concert film.  
I can’t express how truly blessed and privileged I feel to have had the chance to see you. What a show of love, emotion and class. Thank you for fighting through the pain. It’s given me the strength to fight through mine. X

Te amo 
Cool
we love Gaga.
Hi
Beautiful
Joanne tour dvd?
Such a beautiful song
queen come DVD oficial.
Wish i could see your show again, it was amazing in Amsterdam  Can’t wait for the dvd 
@supafanz @colinclark1995 @phillipmolloy  amazing show - @ladygaga @mykai
Love her concerts!
DVD PLEASE a
love you
20/02/2018 in #France #Bercy #Paris  #PawsUp xoxo love youu Mother monster ♡♡
so i hear you wear dead foxes skin in the colour of pink shame on you animal killer
l
Grupo com mais de 1 ano sobre a Gaga no WhatsApp, assuntos variados tbm, entre pelo link: http://chat.whatsapp.com/Hb8CzGVemR1JWH …
Loving

What to go out
So, weird again.
You were FUCKING AWSOME!!
Hope there’s no stage faults tonight... see you there....again
Lady gaga i love everything about you
One day I’ll be able to take our daughter to see you hopefully in Vegas! We love you #ladygaga
Are you single ?
te amo muié
Confirmed 
omg is there going to be a dvd of it
+++if I baptize you"in Jesus name"for the remission of your sins you will be free. SINLESSNESS. NO SIN NO DEATH!! GUILT FREE
there is real help for you!
#JoanneWorldTourDVD is coming to scalp us all yaas
How exciting!!! Can't wait to see it!!! 
It was such an amazing show 
Você está tão linda
Você é tão linda


#JoanneWorldTour
WIG FLEW BITCH im ready for the dvd
Best show in the world. Xx
You were amazing as always 
OH MY GOD YAAAAAAAAS
Thank you  gaga
@madisonparrker miga achei real que fosse vc nessa foto djsjsksks uma cover dessas, bicho <3
Aaaaaa 
Come back to puerto rico
But then what about this "break in your career" I heard in an interview the other day, regarding a specially tiring disease or something ? Wanna die on stage like Carmen-Bizet or what ?

I Will Convert Your Image Or Logo Into Vector Tracing
Dance off
Exciting!

ナルコ   神話   (Naruko)  (Shinwa)  spotify,itunes
瓜娃子
Omg! Miss Gaga u r so beautiful.
I would have been there if the show had been rescheduled for a Sunday like it was originally, instead of a Wednesday 
Finish your album with Tony!
"Looking fresher than new money !"™


Happy Time!

Love u

My letter to Lady Gaga. One day I hope I get the chance to meet you but till then I hope my letter reaches you. I love you @ladygaga  #Joanne 
Yes tour DOCUMENTARY
今日の朝通勤で見た虹と一緒だ
One day I'll make it to a show 
Ohmyyyy 
We love you so much Lady Gaga, you are such a beautiful person inside and out. May God bless you always and forever Geneva Tejada . Balto Md.
OMG YAS
OMG gorgeous
A monster que mesmo não sendo brasileira é dona do Brasil!
私は貴女を愛しています！
Yeaahhhhhhhhh. Love it. I hope this is are a dvd
永远支持你我老鳖！
OMG!!! She's promoting perfect illusion. 
Que little monster fire o que minha filha a gente perdeu isso desde que million reasons foi lançada como single
Thank you for such a good night! I love you!
You should record a dvd here in Brazil #justsaying
so pretty
i wanted to be there so badly but unfortunately im broke:(

Isso quer dizer que iremos ganhar um DVD ?
So sad I missed you in Miami. I cried bc I couldn't go. I was sick in the hospital and the tickets were sold out. #BUCKETLIST is to go to one of your shows bc I am a super duper Uber mega fan!
Yaaaaaaas!
In brum could u shout out to a friend who u kept alive several times so a dedication to her would be nice
I love you gaga!@#$@@#!#@#☆☆•
Why didn’t you film in the US I’m sorry but international audiences are boring.
Amazing show lovely day. Joanne is amazing. And I’m a free bitch fibro sufferxx
Amazing show Gaga.....first time seeing you live & I wasn’t disappointed....Thank you 
Pearl is the privilege 
you're so beautiful
Wow! 
@ladygaga you were perfect tonight. Everything I imagined and more! You make so many people happy/proud everytime you perform. I hope you realise what a special person you are 

"And we are looking forward to buying the DVD of the joanne era, this album and fantatisco, and impossible, we have no memory of joanne, because after all the album is about her and about knowing how to live the family, and about knowing how you live deep family moments.
I couldn't make your new date at Manchester so had to give my tickets away to my daughter's student friends so she could still go as I couldn't get time off hopefully next time xxx
Wow Gaga love the color hair???
Hy
who have tickets ？ who have tickets ？
Is Birmingham the only show being filmed! Give Manchester a shot on Tuesday night and let you show us our strength! 
Go girl !
Its too big to handle
y argentina bien gracias...
I saw Birmingham and almost died. Come to Birmingham, Alabama!  We are an awesome city and would love to have you! #JoanneWorldTour
Awesome show 
You are a million reasons why I love you!!!
Can’t wait to go see her next Tuesday in Manchester!!!! Any little monsters going HMU!!!! 
I’m going
Niceeeee!!! What tickets you got seated or standing 
Standing come to mama x
Oh my god I’m so jealous!! I’m on seated to the right of the stage!!! I really wanted standing  totally envy you right now!
Lmfao 
Sorry she canceled. #BestWishestoGAGA
se for pro dvd ou pra socar na netflix n faz mais q sua obrigação bjus
Hola
fiquei sabendo que você está gravando o DVD da jwt e o da btw ball?
PLEASE color correct the magenta lights to a rosier "Joanne" pink k thanks
I hope we did you proud. 
You better have it worldwide because your stans are all around the world
YAAS please I need this
estúpida, yo quería un DVD del artRAVE.
TE AMOOOOOOOO

Não acredito que vc vai fazer um dvd dessa tour kkkkkjkkkkk

You Go Girl! 
real wishes granted: http://www.real-wishes.com 
Finally!! #JoanneWorldTour deserves to be filmed! It’s an epic show 
JOANNE World Tour DVD 
O quadril tá bom né Stefani.
OMG! What a #beautiful picture of #LadyGaga Surrounded by #purple #love...
Tour DVD?
Ya podías haber grabado en BCN hija de puta que nos dejamos la vida (como siempre que vienes, Y LO SABES) 
P.D: te amo 
ELLA SABE Q EN BCN SIEMPRE LO DAMOS TODO :(
eyes lips    hair   more    gaga  yes yes
Am gonna bring some dickies tonight
Will it mean there’s a DVD coming
YAAAYYYYY A DVD
Fryon?
Yaaaaaasss
Film in Brazil too!!! Lol
yessss
Can we expect a Joanne World Tour DVD anytime in the future?
So cute lady
I love you
So redy
Why do you wear fur coats?
Te amo rainhaaa 
Queeen 

Adsjdurlfnvclsudodñwhif yad yas yas
Please sing 'Bloody Mary' complete and uncut.
It’s out. Lol
Best news ever 

CAN‘T!!! I CAN‘T! IF THIS MEANS WE ARE GETTIN A FUCKIN DVD ... gosh!! I‘M SO HERE FOR IT!
Wow not far from me,  get a helicopter to Thruxton race track and  meet Dexter and I, fellow #fibromite ill show you #painmangement & freedom fun xx
YASSSSS!!!
Cv bien
amo sim!
MARICONNN
You are amazing. So excited to see you perform for the 3rd time 
Hello there . Do not miss the incredible opportunity
Love the hair please come back to Pittsburgh in the summer!!
I put some things up on YouTube I did with my camera last night. 
