I want to Thank you, @ladygaga, for bringing such beauty to my life the past 10 Years! Each song, each record holds a place in my heart. You have taught me to Love who I am and for that, I am Truly grateful! #10YearsOfLadyGaga #JustDanceTurns10
happy for you my love, aaaaaaaaa mozão 

Love U

love you forever 
Yes Gaga we love you 
I fucking love you to the moon and back 

You happy your fans happy too. Just dance

Hi
Mom
Ahhhh i just visited your first place where it all started, Queen.
Where it all began... #10YearsOfLadyGaga 

i still don’t get this gif response and why are people replying random things to it?
I responded with that Gif cause you accidentally included me in the reply to Gaga’s tweet 
Your name is upside down!


Happy 10!! I have the cd.. helped me get through difficult times when my parents were declining..thx/merci 
love you so much. literally everything I do in my life is for you
I love u
Hi! GAGA 様   Is it remembered??

You always give us courage & freedom !!!!! Thanks!!!
From Japan with Love 
I lost my Dad recently and dealing with his loss is the hardest thing I've ever done. He loved your music and my mom and I still do. I hope your music helps us as much as it has been helpful to you. Thank you for everything you do Lady Gaga. We love you so much 
10 years of amazing career. 10 years of blessing us with your iconic masterpiece and works. Love you so much and i cant wait to spend the rest of my life being a little monster. 
love you so much 
U are an actual icon I love u
Beleza, mas e o Brasil?
tá uma putaria que só
KSKSKSKSKSKZ

@ladygaga you so sweet girl...i love it
Oh yeah I really love your music.....just dance 
Words cannot explain how much i love you and how much you have and continue to inspire me. Your music and personality have been a source of strength in dark places. This life is better with you in it....thank you for everything 
Hey!
I love u so much 
Gunaydin mrb
Good
I LOVE YOUUUUUUUUU I REALLY DO
Beautiful beautiful pic sweetheart
Mas não veio pra cá
Litlle liar 
Agora vai ficar em Vegas e o Brasil que se foda
Vai fazer Poker Face com os Paparazzi enquanto eu posso dar million reasons pra ta bravo sua Judas me envolvi em um bad romance com você eu to specheless junto com o Alejandro nessa perfect illusion
Gaga your the best! You keep doin you!
Still lit!
Haftalar sonra fotoğraf paylaşmışsın ağlıyorum sevinçten
I LOVE YOU MORE THAN THE AIR I BREATHE... WE MISS YOU MOM... SO MUCH . I HOPE YOU’RE FEELING AMAZING... ALWAYS REMEMBER EVERYTHING IS GONNA BE OK & WE’LL NEVER LEAVE YOUR SIDE. 
Love you forever
You'll always be second rate, boring, and reductive.
Love you
Thank you for making me dance and cry at the same time. I love you mom

I love you so much Gaga.
YOU'RE GLOWING MAMA 
I love Lady Gaga you are the best


We are so lucky to have a person like you in our life. I Love you, Queen! Take care of you @ladygaga 
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MOM
it’s just 
that i can’t watch us bleed to death
when we used to be
brooklyn nights happy
Love you queen !
 I LOVE YOU SO MUCH QUEEN
I will stan you for the rest of my life.
Te amoooooooiooOooOio
l love you so much
The 10th year anniversary tweet we deserve
I love u Lady Gaga & these past 10 yrs that u have shared your life with us has been a blessing & I look forward to the future. I thank God that u r apart of the world 4 people like u make it a better place. Thanks 4 everything. I pray u sing 4 us 4 forever God bless u. 
@ladygaga #LittleMonsters #LadyGaga @BTWFoundation @Interscope
I love you forever @ladygaga 
I have 8 tattoos and this one holds a special place in my heart I feel bonded with Lady Gaga and Little Monsters for life. Gaga taught me that it's ok to be myself and I'm forever grateful for that. @ladygaga #tattoo …
Amo você 
i love you
I love you gaga
Bellisima <3
sexy being, in and out. Love you sis.
Your one strong cookie !!  A survivor.......
GAGA FOLLOW ME, LOVE U 
Just dance! I willl be OK!
I want to meet you so badly, I've just been have a really bad year financially. You are one of my biggest idols! I suffer with PTSD, Severe Anxiety, Depression, Degenerative Disc Disease, Herniated Discs, Endometriosis and Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome.
Please follow @bisexualgaga she loves you so fucking much and so do I
I love you ;( <333
I love you moren
se vc n é um anjo eu n sei o que é
o próprio Deus (?)
ai verdade me esqueci erros

I love you,Thank you inspiring me
Love and light back to you from Australia we love your music.. Gaga you rock don't ever change ok.
I always with u Mama 

Little monster  4evaaaaaa!!!
Te amo 
adopt me
te amo 
tao feliz por ter acompanhado tudo isso 
You go girle!!! Things do get better and look at you now. a legend A ROCKSTAR. A mother to millions 
Xxx
love u mom.
Paws up 4ev
You are such an inspiration for everyone with a dream,
I love you so much, forever.
Loved everything from the past. Looking forward to my future with your music in it. 
I fucking love you. We need to just dance, it's going to be ok
I'm growing with you, I was 13 when I met you and I'm almost 23. GOD WHAT!! LOVE YOU MY QUEEEEEEN
"i cant wait for the next" Ily 4eva queen

I LOVE YOU SO MUCH UGH
你真棒
You are quite an inspiring woman! Thank you for being so ingenious and brilliantly talented. You are not alone. You have people you have inspired all around you. 
Te amo mi vida 

“If you don’t have any shadows you’re not standing in the light” I feel like these are lyrics to new music 
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MOTHER MONSTER YOU’VE CHANGED MILLIONS OF LIVES!! CHEERS TO 100000 MORE YEARS 
100000 years she won't be able to waklk in 5 years  lol
ALDJKSKS CHOKEEE RAT
Sorry I said the truth
I love you.

We love you too! Thank you for creating such a wonderful song <3 your songs are my energy to survive my life :)
You are a QUEEN
Love u 4ever 
We‘re all little Monsters forever!! I love you so much 
I LOVE YOU MORE
We LOVE YOU!!! We will be by your side for the next and next and next... and next decade. Ever!!! This is TRUE love and friendship. 
Love u gaga
we love you forever
We’ll be there for you 
That girl is a monster. Mumumumonster  cheers miss 

I still remember the first time I heard it and the first time I heard the radio host say the name "Lady Gaga." 10 years later and I'm still as much of a huge fan as I was back then. #10YearsOfGaga
Luv u so much mom God Bless Steffani
Queen!! Lady Gaga I Love You
IF YOU LOVE ME , COME TO NETHERLANDS  IN
I'll always love you 
Melanin
Thank you. We don't deserve you
ypur simply  devine inspiration
Babe.I love you
I LOVE SO MUCH @ladygaga 
Thank you for everything you have ever given me and the little monster community. We’re blessed to have you   #PawsUp forever
Nbn
So true about no shadows without light. So deep! 
love you forever
Te amo anjo da minha vida 
I love you

I love you GAGA
yes.
Thank you so much Gaga ! I was 18 when I first heard « Just Dance » I remember dancing crazy alone in my room filling finally understood u

You are so fucking strong
I love you
hey angel look this, is important
Happy 10 years my angel, I can only say enchant, sing and fly as high as you can Lady Gaga this world is yours! I love you infinitely and I will always love you!  #10YearsOfLadyGaga …
I love you so much Gaga, thank u for this decade
Thank you for sharing so much of yourself with the world.  Also, I have never felt so old in my life before ... Here’s to decades more! 
Thank you for always inspiring me to find myself while in pain. Every day has been alittle easier. Love your spirit, Lady Gaga. I hope to meet you one day soon. Blessings
Yasss ready for the next era
Love you forever! You changed my life for the better. Thank you for inspiring me every single minute 'cause YOU inspire me to be the person I am meant to be  God bless you my dear Gaga
Thanks for everything

Thank you for everything I love u
ilysm
Love you Gaga.
I love you
Miss u baby 
4eva love for you 
apenas dance, vai ficar tudo bem! EU TE AMO!!!

Love u 4ever
I love you you’re so incredible 
dona de mim
I love you so much Gaga, I truly can't thank you enough for how much you inspire myself and millions of others every day! You have changed my life for the better and I am forever grateful for everything you do for all us Little Monsters 
I'm actually ugly crying right now
Gorgeous outside and inside
I love you Gaga!!!!  I wish we were friends!!! haha 

Can’t wait either. Thank you for being such an inspiring person to all of us. Love u

love ya
i love you so much 
Lady Gaga We Love You
ilysm
we love you gaga
We love you mom 
Lady Gaga
@ladygaga

ladygaga i lVEYVERY MUCH
WITH ALL MY HART+SUL
FR EATARNARTAND.YOUR
MM AND DD AND SISTERS
FR ETARNRTY AND DGY
AND HORSE'SAND MY LITTLE
MOSTERS FOR LIFE PAWS UP
LadyGaga
I am Gong toTweet this all later
I love you to the moon and back mother monster

I love you too. You have made me understand that I can be who I am  Being "different" is not a bad thing  and that I can love anyone, not only the opposite gender  With your music I feel like I can do anything, you make me feel stronger 

I love you and very proud of you !I support u since from start!Forever with you babe 
