Follow MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
#Aguila campeón vamos águila 
<3 <3

http://www.lennonrecords.com 
Why does he have my job?
Oh , lady of my life,  We LoVe YoU too, you are our inspiration, our gift from the God, you're everything!
You are incredible and thank you for sharing your pain to help heal mine & others
@huxenator this photo 
Yes!! 
Love you guys!!!!
I imagine that is how Walter Becker and Donald Fagen wrote songs.
When I heard the song Joanne the first time, I literally cried my fucking heart out. For literally five minutes after the song ended on my phone. Albeit, I was a couple months late to the party cause I’m stupid, but my parents came into my room and thought someone died.

Love u so sorry for ur loss and i pray that in time the pain will become less

Thank you so much alwaysI love you mother monster
Peace be with you..
How did she pass, can anyone tell me? So sad x
Hi
Love you babe
yo this little monster misses you
This record touch my heart! All your music safe our souls
https://www.gofundme.com/skelley0617 
Hi Ms. Gaga! Please read my story and support it if it's a cause you believe in! Even  a dollar helps! Or even if you could share to get the word out, it's  for my education, please please help!
putz gaga, supera porra
fanfiqueira profissional ne amiga, tem q levar a fanfic até o fim

You are our angle as well. Love you. XOXO.
I love you 
I love you too mother monster
U smoked the grammys , such an amazing voice!! Very powerful!!!
Agora vamos pra próxima era? Joanne foi lindo, mas vamos seguir e trazer novidades?
i love you xoxo
it was so beautiful everything about it and you looked like the most beautiful angel. and Joanne is smiling down on you and is so proud of you! I love you Gaga always have always will. So proud of you! 
Lady Gaga you look better when you were wrapped in a bunch of meat and stuff in an egg shell and your political views are so out of touch get back on Harvey’s couch let him pound and pound some sense into you
That looks like a typewriter!

Simple very good and nice Lady Gaga! Thats work with fun.

<3
The women fell way short of winning anything this year. No surprise to me though. Step it up and produce songs that we all love and want to hear. I guess I cant blame you all because you were distracted by the Me Too movement. I hope Hollywood has another plan on the acting roles
We love you so much!
THANK YOU

#Joanne 
#PawsUp 
I love you #Gaga What for a Performance. 
Hope you Mark will come back to lititz sometime soon my wife and I live next to Clair Brothers and Tate    They have there new complex called Rock lititz
Hi lady Gaga. I miss you in Litits pa the people at the BULLS HEAD PUB sends their best love your music  Bob
Love you Gaga!
#nexgengaga
We love you too <3
You’re Beautiful And Awesome,Awesome At The Grammys
You had best album, best song and best vocals of the year! Your talent is awesome  And the best World tour !
joanne, it was what we asked for, it was something that was familiar, about family apecros, about loss of knowledge, about knowing how to overcome pain, with music, joanne was joanne until the end of her life
Message from me on the day....
Wow beautiful 
iconic
Love u
Congrats
you’re beautiful
you deserved better queen
PLEASE LOOK AT ME MOTHER MONSTER 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
@ladygaga @MarkRonson 

Tonight, u made one of Joanne's dreams come true 
May ur heart & ur soul sink into every moment of it...and may you find peace in knowing you gave her the grace she deserves. 

#Joanne #family #GRAMMYs #LongLiveMusic #dreams  
#GagaStrong 
We celebrate your genius @musicstarsradio
Hi billy
I wanna cry
What a beautiful performance tonight.
Gaga, it doesn't matter about not winning a grammy tonight. Those who appreciate you and this album stand by you. It was good to see you surrounded by so much love, including your beloved family and friends! BTW you WIN our little monster hearts 100% of the time!  @ladygaga
i love you so muchhhhh
#Joanne #GRAMMYs
We love you, Mother Monster. 
You were amazing tonight both of you. Just wish they had a 360 view of your performance. You want in my eyes and I know you have a diamond heart.

Who is She? Ur sister?
Beautiful performance.    Just breathe.
We going to pretend that’s not a typewriter? Next level!!!!
I love Mother Monster

大好きガガ様
Always love you mama,we always here,no matter what you got or what you lost. We always are your little monsters
I love you

Adoré la presentación. Su voz es mágica y su mensaje totalmente inspirador.
Love you !!!!!
Every time i see this trailer it reminds me of ladyGaga in 30 years. Gorgeous as always.
I’ve been drowning in a well of deep sadness with the unexpected loss of my sister. Your angelic performance touched me more than you could ever imagine. I truly felt you were in my living room, singing to me.      #Joanne
Thank you for sharing with us.
Love you 
Joanne is in a great place.  But losing my Fatherand Brother within 3 months of each other was devastating
Lady Gaga#Goddess#beautiful  #Queen #gorgeous #breathtaking#amazing.  #songbird#angel
Lovely
I love you to lady gaga i wish I see you in personal
I love you Gaga  good luck tonight!!
nice............
I love  you!!!

So beautiful!!
Incredible
Amazing, performance tonight Lady Gaga Love Tampa girl
#Joanne mustve been at the bathroom when they were calling out #AlbumOfTheYear then. Cuz u didnt win shit. #DisingeneousRagdoll
Great job tonight you look great
Great song


You so warm my heart.
You blew me away, tonite. Beautiful job.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @people
Beautiful performance @ladygaga on #GrammyAwards2018
Supera amore
amazing performance of @ladygaga on #theGrammys
.@ladygaga looks #amazing in her all white #angel
You’re the best Gaga. You are such an amazing woman. 
The end of an era
Vous écrivez vos chansons à l'ancienne avec une machine à écrire? Je suis renversée. Le 19e siècle vous va bien!
love you more 
A message on my birthday, hearing the queen speak makes my life xxx
Good luck Lady Gaga! #Joanne is so beautiful and I hope you win both awards for which you're nominated! #GRAMMYs
SHE IS LITERALLY WRITING MUSIC IN A FIELD ON A TYPEWRITER. This is the most iconic thing.
I love you so much @ladygaga can’t wait to see you perform at the Grammys I’m gonna cry.
Classic and beautiful! Thank you Gaga for sharing this.  We will be cheering you tonight! 
Good luck tonight! Thank you for sharing #Joanne with us. This record inspires me every day. Tonight, we’ll all be right there with you as you take the stage to remember the beautiful angel Joanne.
i love u ！
Is that a typewriter seriously? I love it!
I am so glad you showed Mark Ronson and yourself and enjoying Mother Nature while writing Joanne. By the way you look as beautiful as ever on this special night.   Goodluck
Is this a parody of something?
Uy el de  al lado se parece a la  @ladivaza  wow
Please perform Sheibe this night and get your little monster back. KKK
Get over it, girl. Didn't you realize your fans can't take it anymore? Nobody fucking care about this album, these terrible videos and this Joanne bulshit. STOP. WE ALL WANT THE HIPER FASHION GAGA BACK
https://streams.radio.co/sd3a902e0b/low 
I love you Mother Monster! 
So touching
thank you. we love you. we appreciate you. #Joanne 

#TheGrammys #Joanne 
A beautiful place for beautiful spirits to create value & beauty. <3
You are such an angel 
You have ALL of us with you Gaga!
Love U GAGA 
Your song and entire album Joanne means so much to me and I imagine to other #Lupuswarriors as well @LupusOrg
Good luck tonight
This is your stage to shine.
YOU ARE OUR WINNER always
Me and my son Stefano are rooting for you! His middle name is my grandfather's name. I never met him, but as well, it was such a tragedy that he passed that I wanted to honor him too. I love you so much that I'm naming my baby after you  #Joanne #TheGrammys
Good luck tonight...
I'm so proud to be your fan, Grammy or no Grammy. What an artist, what a heart. 

Good luck, you're beautiful!! 
Thank you so much for this masterpiece of an album mom. Now go snatch them trophies sis
Joanne is watching you proudly from heaven 
we love you 
YAAASS QUEEN 

And remember little monsters, DUMP TRUMP
You look beautiful
I had the privilege to see you in Milan. You are an amazing human being. Thank you.
I love you so much Gaga.  I'm with you since 2009, I grew up with you, I supported you in every phase you had. You can't even imagine how much I owe you. I know you won't even notice this tweet. But I just needed to write it. I hope you win tonight.  xoxo 
8th year now cheering for you at #GRAMMYs as a monster Your joy&pain, struggle&excitement have been ours Ur the best, never ever forget
Any way you arrange this song it still holds the truth to who Joanne was and is. Love to you, Joanne.
I don't know anyone that still use's a typewriter. Hee Hee! = And nice pic.
Gaga, confident that ur performance will rock tonight #GRAMMYs ! I still remember Ur D. Bowie tribute from a few years back 
A TYPEWRITER! I didn’t think I could love you more than I already did...
Good luck darling  I hope you'll have a great time. And you don't have to worry, she will be always with you.
Would you mind reading this? It's about my grandad
This is the reason why “Joanne” by @ladygaga is so important to me. I love you Gaga.

And I love you too, grandad. 
sai fora kkk
You’re going to do great! Sending you so much love and support during this special moment!
You are a beautiful woman and you have a beautiful soul your music is inspiring and it hits my soul with most of the songs I hope you are doing well and your health is getting well sweetheart
I love you too Gaga. So fucking much.
Jinsoul outsold
t

TEN YEARS OMG IM SO OLD
Good things happen to those who deserve it... AND YOU DO DESERVE IT. I love you more than words can say 
Chaos angel <3
Wishing you all the best xoxo 
we love you too baby. 
I love you, a lot 
You look stunning in the red carpet! 
Good luck Gaga!! Love you. Listened to Joanne twice today and twice last night while fixing my dishwasher. So inspiring. 
she already lost to ed sheeran 
I don’t even know who that is
the guy who released a mediocre album and bashed gaga and kesha in past interviews and refused to even show up because he doesnt even take the grammies seriously lol
I don't care if you never win another award. Thank you for blessing us with your amazing music. Looking forward to tonight's performance! 
Aff. É Grammy ou Oscar? Rainha da atuação ela. Brasil, I’m devasteded
