gaga vai ser ministra da saude ja que vive de doenças
felizmente via vender pulseiras e pegar o dinheiro aka japao
Anything would be better than Trump.  Oprah would be awesome.
Why? Is the bar really so low that we no longer expect any governing experience? We can do better, and there are plenty of qualified dem candidates out there!
You don’t need to be a politician to be the leader of a country. I’ll take a good business person, whom has leadership ability, knows how to make good decisions and has strong moral character over some career politician.
An understanding of the structure of our political system is important, though. Even Raegan was governor before he became president. I think we’ve learned our lesson about electing someone who has no idea how the system works.
Yes. And it’s a false choice that we must choose between experience and good leadership. There are people with both.
I’m not against her running, I just think it would be a smarter move for her to shoot for congress or something else beforehand to make her a more well rounded candidate.
I think anyone with leadership skills and high moral character could make a good President if they surround themselves with good people.
Really!!! @Oprah and many of the Hollywood film starts kept  quiet because it wasn’t hurting them. But now they all stand together and want to be heard 
Queen
Finally!
Queens supporting queens!!’
Sería una excelente Presidenta
Lady Gaga for president? She's got my vote.
I know it's too much responsibility tho you'd be the best president of history  The whole world deserves you! I love you 
didn't tell a joke ha
F no
You for vice? My vote for sure
chegasse na posse ela ia cancelar
Pesado shaushsuhaua ela ia ser ministra da saúde
The point is that all those women are millionaires and they knew! They just didn't say anything because then they won't have a 100 thousand dollar hand bags to put their dogs in. So don't give me this BS that NOBODY KNEW!!!
Do you have proof that they all knew? I’m waiting.
If you don't believe that they didn't know then I have some swamp land for sale if your are interested.
Oh and do you have proof that they didn't know?? Waiting for your answer..
Still waiting Eric.
I never said these women didn’t know. I’m pretty sure you’re the one making bold statements without any sort of logic...
Yas queen of naming future presidents
 follow me 
She’s got my VOTE!!!
i wanna see you in vegas queen
Me Lk U
PRINCESS
Hi Gaga, i love tou só much my baby girl
You can be Vice President!
Brazil, I'm devastated
Stop... :(

We just getting started 
If Oprah gon be president who gon be the first lady?....ijs 
EU TE AMO TANTO E VOCÊ É MUITO MEU ORGULHO
2020, go!
I thought being on TV werent enough to qualify you to be POTUS?

#HypocriteMuch
But this time the president would be a woman, and black, that changes everything...
I wouldnt know if that changes anything.

I dont vote based on skin color or gender...I vote on quality of character.
Yep and we know the character of an a list celebrity who is worth billions? Sorry, but all we know about celebrities on that level is what is presented to us, convince yourself you know them if you like, but you don't.
I think its much easier to figure out the character of someone whose been a celebrity for decades than it is to judge a career politician who has been carful to put forth a certain kind of image. I reckon that's why folks love #Trump so much. He aint hiding nothing.
Wow, just wow! Folks love Trump? Umm ok! Guess we just live in different areas... Not what I hear at all, the majority of Americans, and the world for that matter, absolutely despise Trump and everything he stands for, but ok!
Yeah, he's despised...thats why he was elected POTUS 

#derp

Too bad you couldnt of spent that boob-job money on a brain-job.
Lol nice one! personal insults are always a good thing to use in an argument... No boob job here, all natural, but thanks for checking out my profile :) Firstly, he didn't even get the majority of the votes, secondly, if you think his popularity hasn't drastically dropped, wow!
1/2 Frankly, I would welcome any celebrity in the next presidential race. It sends a clear message to the @DNC & @RNC that their politically correct, intellectual members have disappointed middle income America for over 20 years & that we regard them as filthy $$$ corrupt.
Rock on Lady Gaga!!
Boooooo Trump!! He had no political
qualifications!! But yessss to Oprah and all her time in public office!!!
Yas
Would be amazing. I have a pre-existing condition plus Fibromyalgia. I can't afford all the medical tests/ treatments i need. I am a Mom, wife and artists. If this B.S. Healthcare system doesn't wake up now, they are putting so many thru torture. I just want to share my story.
It’s either you or Oprah.. but one of you have to save your country..
Save?
De-Trump it..
No.. outsiders laughing at America..

Yep, replace a super rich celebrity who knows nothing about politics with yet another, that makes so much sense!
So you are ok with her being friends with @HarveyWeinstein ?
No! @Schwarzenegger for President but he's not qualified ONLY because he wasn't born on US soil. SHAME! He would make the USA great again! No doubt!
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga
Gaga for president!
Have you heard of @TulsiGabbard or this guy named @SenSanders?  They already comes with TONS of experience and wealth does not cloud their mission.
Or Warren.
Not a fan of Warren.  Her spine is still cartilage.
She’s not running coz the media will gonna poke on her Private Life ,who knows if she got a lot of Skeletons in her Closet 

Hell yea
TUDO BOM AMIGA?
How about Lady Gaga for president?
Literally why hasn’t Oprah run for president?
You two would make a great combo just sayin
Why? Because she is a super wealthy celebrity who knows nothing about politics... Like the current president...
I mean, you don’t have to have experience doing something to know what you’re doing or do a good job at it. Experience doesn’t really have a lot to do with how well you do something. Sure, you can get better with experience, but there can still be a president who’s horrible-
-after years of being on the job, and there could be a great first-time president. I’d say it mainly has to do with your ideologies and point of view on issues that determine if people consider you a good or bad President.
Obviously some people will consider you a good president and others won’t, wherever you stand on certain issues.
This is based on what exactly? Has there ever been a president you admire that has no political experience? Or are you just assuming someone can be a good president if you agree with their beliefs?
Well, you said the same about Hillary, so goodluck.

Of course she does, no policy, just I’m Oprah....
Absolutely, intelligent proud strong woman with morals!
Paws up @Oprah!
WHY WOULD YOU VOTE FOR SOMEONE WHO DOESNT KNOW THE WORDS TO WE BELONG TOGETHER
Because doing the illogical seems to be an American trend these days.
Angling for VP slot? It’s difficult to see how this can get any more absurd.
Dwayne "The Rock" for VP?
Mine too!
Gaga Vice
Well that proves you are clueless you backed Hillary.  #followthewhiterabbit
Do I Really Have A Picture Of Gaga Holding My Ring  I Fucking Can't  xoxo, Joanne #Joanne #Joannevibes #JoanneWorldTour #LadyGaga #Gaga
Lady gaga @ladygaga - 22h 
Oprah for president? She got my vote. 

Xoxo_Gaga_Xoxo 
@kat_loves_gaga 

Replying @)ladygaga A picture Of Gaga 
Holding My Ring  I Fucking 
Can't  Xoxo, Joanne  #Joanne 
#Joanne xoxo, JoanneWorldTour 
#LadyaGaga #Gaga
Based on?? I get that you like her music, that hardly related to politics...
Wow!The delusions are strong with this one.
Me too
Oprah sex trafficker
I Love You
Lady Gaga @ladygaga - 2d 
Oprah for president? She's got my vote. 

Xoxo_Gaga_Xoxo 
@kat_loves_gaga 

Replying to @ladygaga 
I Love You YES
Love this Picture.......#LOVE #Q #qanon #freejulianassange #wikleaks
It’s a line up of criminals.
 also a LINE_UP of KABAL members....
Lmao... Not my vote.. Im frim the working middle class.. Hollywood is in there own little bubble.. Trying to fix the world.. Lmao.. 80% of them need to work on themselves.. The other 20% keep to there profession.. Hollywood needs to make a reality of the reality show.. Lmao
Trump 2020
now,love is money
If You Wanna Purpose To Me, You Gotta Take It Down On One Knee Ok.     #ladygaga #gaga #joanne #joannevibes #joanneworldtour

#GagaForPresident 
Lady Gaga is more intelligent than our president
How about stop voting celebrities and famous people as President but someone who actually has experience in that line of work. No wonder rest of the world mocks USA when even the likes of @ladygaga thinks anyone can be your countries leader. You are all a joke.
Hey now....that is so true....we sadly are a joke.
Some of you are real delights with your head screwed on properly. I grew up loving America through tv and movies. But some of you let the rest of you down. Gun control, celebrity worship on a scary level, ignorance/racism and bad political choices. I worry for the sane lot of you

#MadameOprah official pimp for #HarveyWeinstein
I remember the last candidate you backed 

She got no vote @ladygaga
These same people in 2016 said that a billionaire businessman was not qualified as president, and now say Oprah is qualified? 

How ironic.
Trump has my vote
trump for president? Hes got my vote
Donald Trump is doing a great job!
But you don't count
Ceis AMAM votar ne
Привет  кто ты

I don't think being a woman is a good enough reason to be voted into office. And frankly she's not qualified. Trump, hate him or love him, is more qualified than she is. She will never be president, but I still love Gaga. Lol
No more celebrities running for president.
Which of Oprah's policy do you agree with the most?
Get lost Gaga
#SpiritCooking
How’s about leaving celebrities out of office and voting for someone who’s actually qualified with a political background? That would have my vote.
Gaga Needs To See This,

but she’s not experienced either???
You should be President-...
Myley could be your VP-...
I would give my vote to Miley Cyrus-
Lol  So did Hillary
Only Americans can Vote!
#Trump2020

This picture make my skin crawl.  She looks surprised and panicked....
Are people serious right now? Are we really gonna go so low that we match Trump with another rich celebrity with no political experience??? She has no relationship with congress. This would be political suicide for dems
Eww, no! ZERO political experience. It'll be just like the shit show, trump is throwing
you may have a point there i have an idea Liz Vicious for president 
You got my vote, but sign me up as vp
ok cool you got the job
#Lizvicious2020!
Glad you took the time to here out her policy proposals.
Why
Idiocracy here we come
Awesome, another insanely rich & famous president,  who can't relate to the rest of us in the slightest and knows nothing about politics, sounds good!
What happened to reality tv stars not being qualified lol?
Anyone with the name Gaga doesn't know how to vote!
Nooo, bb. We gotta go for Kamala.
President Gaga Here We Go!
YOU are my presidant!
Idiots lol .. get a clue
So did Hillary! Saw how that turned out  So when's the next human tasting event?
Most definitely, Lady Gaga! The problem is...I really don't think, no matter what, that she will run. However, a famous Hillary said "No", too, and look what happened with that!
Another ultra rich person with little connection to reality?  No thanks, we've got one of those now and he sucks.
Mine too x
OH, Lady, Gag-me. #NOprah #OprahKnew #ALOT
Oprah has no economic or political experience... y'all can't be serious
I’m sure she will love the support.
All for #impeachtheorange but Oprah?? Athousand times no for me.
GAGA NO...
Gaga for vice president gets my vote too
TWO new Babe? eps in one day. They didn’t forget us, they actually freakin love us. @pri_nak @ryanoconn @LarzMarie
TRUMP STILL 2024? He got my VOTE..!!

Gaga for president sounds more realistic.#MakeAmerciaGagaAgain
Queen!我们会永远支持你!^O^
Of course she does, could you please articulate her position on the economy, illegal immigration, South Korea... I'll be waiting.
You confused your Koreas... smh..
We don't have a position on North Korea, they are not our allies. We have a position on how to assist South Korea... smh
HAHAHA  libreng wifi for all! tas bibigyan ko ng jowa yung mga single HAHAHa
Opraaa ves verikamaa hedhi heybali vaan fesheee dho.
Salhiennu. Trump ah vure rangalhuvaane
Thedhuveri hama ekani raees inthihaabu vi. He’s not thr type of guy that cherry picks or sugarcoats . He says it how it is. He doesn’t like any race other than whites and he isn’t fond of muslims. And doesn’t shy away from hiding it.
These ate the reasons why he shouldn't be the president.
Are*
This is how we ended up with Trump.  Can we stop with inexperienced, billionaires that are out of touch with the needs of regular Americans.
excelente
HahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahahahaHahahahahahahahaha thanks for the laugh
She will be luckiest one 
Omggg
Yeah she gat my vote too
So did Hillary. 
Yes, for president...and @manuginobili to All @NBAAllStar #NBAVote Manu Ginobili 
no one cares about you let alone sll@if her dirt. How do you suppprt someone who was friends with the biggest sexual predator in history. Oh wait it’s you Lord only knows your sick secrets
Absolutely, love ya @Oprah
You’re a Satanist 

we do not care

Why because she is black or a woman??? Or both?

Yes we are also support
Thought y’all didn’t want a celebrity millionaire with no political experience......what’s the word for that?....HYPOCRISY
Liberals want to elect a spirit cooker to office?
Identity Vote much?
Look deeper into the issues GAGA. You owe it to yourself and  fans. How bout an unbiased source? INFOWARS!
Hieee

Vote for Oprah 
She got mine too bb
you’re fucking kidding me right she’s a joke and so are you
#GagaForPresident 
I want Gaga for President
Gaga just threw Liz Warren, Joe Biden and all Dem candidates under the bus. If Oprah doesn’t run - Gaga’s new picks are sloppy seconds.

U probably would be a good president gaga
Mejor tu nenx aunque no sepas  ni madres de eeso
She's got mine too

Loving this already
Oprah for president gaga for vice. Omg this is delicious 
Gaga for president tho......

What are her qualifications women, black and rich don't cut it.
Lol... Anyone u vote for Will Lose
Lady Gaga 
@ladygaga 

Oprah for president? She's got my 
vote.

Yezzzzz
America really is going to go ahead and elect another tv show host
Yeah, what could go wrong with a TV-celebrity...
Gaga for president 2024/28!
Good then we know she’d lose then #Trump2020
Please. I love your work, but we need experience in office.
#LadyGaga. Oprah is a a real bad choice. The TRUMP u hate does not exist.Think harder abt destructive economic policies created by liberal democrsts. MAGA DTS TGIT U.S. CONSTITUTION 1A 2A.vets1st STAND for ourflag. buildthewall. REFORM:VA HUD ED HEALTH-CARE
Another strike against Oprah.
sajek
Think bigger. How bout Gaga for president?
Hi Beautiful, just wanted to find our of this is a fan Page controlled by  management? Or is this you're real one? I'm so skeptical of hoaxes and jake people. I sincerely hope you hear back from you.

