I hope you get a chance to see this. You mean so much to me Joanne. Every word you write hits me on such a deep level and it finds me when I am sad. I turn your art on and finally I am at peace. I am forever grateful for everything you do for us. I love you so much. #joanne 
Omg!! I am in tears. Thank you so much for seeing my reply! Omg, I can’t stop crying. I love you so much. Please know how forever grateful I am to you for everything you have done! I love you so much!!!
Congrats! I agree with all you said. Gagas writing is so beautiful it hits me emotionally every time
Thank you!!! As soon as I saw this I literally bursts into tears. Made me a happy. She is so wonderful and such a beautiful angel. This version of this song really touched me even more. I’ve been listening to it on repeat since I bought it. It’s so beautiful. #joanne
Take a look at my latest videoclip
Please follow me  please  love you 
This is beautiful and so toutching 
I did a reaction video to this song and I felt completely grateful. Love you mom 


I love u
I bought it and I’ve not stopped listening. It’s beautiful. 
i love you
Love u
Thank you so much for this version Joanne. I love it so much. It’s just so beautiful. Makes me want to cry. Your voice is like a lullaby. So sweet. I am so proud of my mother monster.  #Joanne
Stay Joanne 

Check it out! alicebittencour will viral youtube promotion by social media for $5 on #Fiverr https://www.fiverr.com/s2/13869f1dcf 
DarlingAmazing! Please have your doctors examine #EhlersDanlosSyndrome as the underlying issue behind your #Fibromyalgia! You are a #PainWarrior The world needs you healthy!

https://www.ehlers-danlos.com/invisible-no-ehlers-danlos-society-photographs-faces-eds-hsd/ …
I LOVE YOU GAGA!!!

helloo..??
<3
I heard someone listening to this in the subway on my way back from whole foods tonight. X.
Absolutely beautiful. I think back to when I first heard Joanne and was immediately captivated by the song and it’s meaning to me and a cousin of mine. I recently lost my mother, and this version touches my heart. Thank you 
simplemente una obra de arte! me quito el sombrero #CallMeJoanne

This scene is my favourite. The rainbow paired with you crossing the bridge is perfect. To me, it symbolises Joanne crossing over to the other side. The scene is so beautiful and peaceful  Thank you for this beautiful video and piano version Gaga #Joanne
 #Joanne #JoanneMusicVideo
This song is very popular in South Korea
Srsly?
ART
Have been listening to this week
WATCH #Joanne on @YouTube!!!!

VIADO ASSISTE JOANNE
né não!!! :(
é ou num é? É

الحياه مليئه بالاحجار لا تتعثر بها بل اجمعها وصك بها جبهت من يحاول ان يحزنك 

My letter to Lady Gaga. One day I hope I get the chance to meet you but till then I hope my letter reaches you. I love you @ladygaga  #Joanne 

só tem mosquito nesse mato que tu gravou mulher sai dai
vai ser a musica do neu velório

I tried but only available in Apple US store ... good luck all the same
 p
Is his true??


https://twitter.com/lustforvenus/status/957336518217076737 …
this versionGIVES ME LIFE
@ladygaga Oh my...so beautiful, so pure  #JoanneMusicVideo. See you in FIVE DAYS Mother Monster!!!! #Bubbledreams, I love you so much xoxox
we want to hear on the radio

I’ve already been listening to this so much on Apple Music. I love this album and song Joanne!


I feel so emotional right now. I have no words to describe what I'm feeling. This is the most beautiful video I have ever seen! Such a beautiful tribute. This video and the song will always have a special place in my heart.
i love you so much
My little dog passed away 2 days ago. This version of Joanne and the momento is being so helpful for treating my deeping pain. Thanks Mother monster, Thanks for helping me to say goodbay
GAGA you are SPECIAL
Your sickness is improved! I support you!
No
Just now listened to #Joanne for the first time.  Awesome.
The new version of #Joanne is heavenly <3 what an incredible artist are you. Love u. xox, Joanne.
Such a try-hard. No spontaneity or joy in any of your work. It’s so cold and calculating. So desperate for that Grammy lol.
ohhh too lovely!
Estei youén

I love you so much! Thank you Joanne
I LOVE YOU JOANNE
Can anyone gift me this song on iTunes? I’ll be forever grateful
Queen of pop ! 
fucking love it your heart is kinda pure  that song is mine. Thanks for it. Love you forever!
i will

Already Purchased @ladygaga  Love It So Much Made Me Cry When I First Heard It. So Much Emotion In The Song. It Makes Me Cry Cause I Could Feel The Pain Of Loosing Family. This Song Reminds Me Of My Grandma.  #JoanneWhereDoYouThinkYoureGoin #JoannePianoVersion
Can you please gift me the song?
Listening to this beautiful version of Joanne  Can’t stop the tears as I’m remembering my cousin Joanne who passed just a couple months before I saw you in concert   Thank you @ladygaga for being a beautiful song writer and don’t ever stop being you xoxo
Gaga, thank you so much for all that you have done for us. I have been by your side since Poker Face, and I am so blessed to have you in the world. Your music has saved my life so many times. There’s a sense of relief that washes over me. This version made me cry. xoxo #Joanne
thank you for this art
A piece of musical art 
what if i buy AND stream it

Thank You Queen 
I love you
I have no words to describe how much i love this song and how much this video touched me. All i have to say now is THANK YOU. Thank you for everything Gaga  #Joanne
Although I already have the album, I listened to the ballad as reading lyrics. Your heart got through to me who is not an English native.
The song flies over sea, time, and even languages. Then it surely reaches her.
Bought it, I love the piano version!
Happy Time!!

I actually love that better than the original version.
Queen of pop
I'm in love with your new single
Beautiful!!! 
i bought it as soon as i could and i cant stop crying and listening to it over and over again. this song means everything to me

I know I do not know you, but the fact that you made this song for your family, shows how much you care for them. I am sure they appreciate that 'Joanne' can live on through your song forever. You inspired me 2 write a song for my brother. Thank you.
Oh it’s really really really beautiful I love you so much
It is awesome! Loving the piano version if Joanne!
So many emotions, I cried, smiled, grinned, Such a masterpiece  have you ever had a medium channel Joanne? If you EVER need that this monster will do it for you.   #Joanne #Monsters
@RDTLadyGaga oh Queen. 
@diamondheartg
Sooo cute 
Love this version so much 
Thank you for sharing this to us 
We love you 
Go get that promo sis
Tendi... buy você 
Boring song. Boring vocals. Boring video = FLOP


te amo desgraça

Your dad was only 15 when his sister died, but I'm sure he already knew that if he had a daughter one day, he would name her after his sister.
The piano version/video is ABSOLUTELY beautiful & amazing!! It is from the bottom of your soul & overwhelmingly sad. I can't listen to it without crying/my eyes watering.
It’s so magical! 
 good Job! Masterpiece #Joanne
No me gusta cuando tocas piano, "MEJOR prefiero que cantes la canción art pop , o la cancion G.u.y, o la canción Hey Girl
Thank you for this beautiful and amazing surprise. 
Tendi... compra vc 
Morta kakakakakakakak
biscoiteira
Amei muito minha rainha 
WE NEED MORE VIEWS
Those vocal tho!!! Fuck!!! I’m-
It’s so good. Thank you for this version 
This is gorgeous!
Right now
YouTube Arnt Putting Views Up Gaga Tell em!!!!
xoxoxo...great version, THANKS
I love it.its so emotional
I'm glad you do what you do seeing your documentary made me realize how hard it was for you as an artist and I commend you for your artistry
I did That's so beautiful! 

Love you
awesome
Love th piano!
Beautiful. So sorry for your family's loss. Even after many years the absence and heartache is felt in this piece. 
It’s sooo good, nearly crieddd
You guys no joke this song is amazing. Worth a quick listen even on YouTube  #joanne
Love it!!! 
If I Had A Highway I Would Run For The Hills...  #Joanne #joannevibes #JoanneStreamingParty #JoanneMusicVideo #joannepianoversion #LadyGaga #Gaga
Perfection 
I love you
This saved me
goodbye joanne era    #Joanne #joannevibes #JoanneStreamingParty #JoanneWorldTour #LadyGaga #Gaga #LadyGagaJoanne   #JoanneMusicVideo
Flop
es hermoso 
Hi Gaga! You’re awesome!
Such a beautifully written song. 
Help me please.I NEED $1000.PLEASE.ITS VERY IMPORTANT FOR ME .IM FROM RUSSIA.PLEASE .HELP ME
Oh! My God, Gaga hoy es mi cumpleaños y para mi es un Súper Regalo tu nueva versión de #Joanne  i love you, Gaga Thank you
شيءجميل
I was listening to it whilst I was a college doing work for my Catering class. 5 times I listening to Joanne. Almost got a bit teary but felt inspirational at the same time. I completed my work thanks to you Gaga. Love you lots 
emredersin amk
I love #ladygaga
Did both! It’s great thank you 
this is the most beautiful thing i’ve ever heard. i needed this today, thank you
Serious by or stream her song video more money more money come on now.
Beautiful way to end an era, this era was my first with you and the years I got to spend with you were the best. You were one of the people that helped me when I had ASD. I am so thankful I was able to turn to your music that year. Thanks so much for everything, xoxo
Absolutely love this song. One of your best!!

Check me out show you what this get it all about
#swag #texas #lifestyle #photooftheday #california #dallas #selfie #fun #philadelphia #dfw #love #leader …
Love you queen 
See you next week queen
You’re doing amazing sweetie

Goodbye My Favorite Era" The Clock  Will Start Ticking Until The Next Time. xoxo, Joanne  #Joanne #JoanneWorldTour  #JoanneStreamingParty  #JoanneMusicVideo #Joannevibes #LadyGaga #Gaga
Simply beautiful... your voice , words and the piano brought tears. A truly beautiful rendition. You continue to amaze me with your deep sense of Grace. I love your music. 
Already bought it from ITunes and Thank You for sharing your beautiful gift with us. Bravo much .
QUE VÍDEO 
Awesome
It's so beautiful momma, thank you for this 



Done and done! Bought on itunes and continue to stream on Spotify.. my queen   
Can you please gift me the song?
Absolutely beautiful the song and video  I love you so much! Can’t wait to see you in Birmingham, UK next week  #Joanne
Amazing
Yass! It’s so beautiful I love it so much
So beautiful you did a wonderful job a very emotional song!!!
#Joanne has helped me so much with anxiety, family issues, and dealing with loss. This record made me feel happy & relaxed & postive! @ladygaga 
beautyful voice
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga
PLEASE LOOK AT ME MOTHER MONSTER https://twitter.com/onuregaga/status/954316562017775616 …
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
