People have asked me for a link to the whole tribute, it apparently isn’t on YouTube, this is the best one I found: http://www.metatube.com/es/videos/297646/58th-GRAMMYs-The-Lady-Gaga-Intel-Tributo-a-David-Bowie/ …
Beautiful tribute to my man Bowie
I can't get enough of this. I love bowie

#TheGreatAwakening
Moody
Amen!
Let his soul rest. Jeez! He wasn't in your sick club. Go Feed on another corpse.
OSM
Someone has the full presentation? I need it u.u
I miss him so 
she's such a good singer. her tone is powerfull.
https://www.gofundme.com/United-Pride-Together-Family …
It’s been 2 years since legendary musician and artistic pioneer David Bowie
great
Wow
Me encanta, qué te parecen los efectos @angelroman2046 ?
Viva #DavidBowie
I loved David Bowie! He was truly unique! I loved him from the 80's through his untimely death! His music and songs were awesome! RIP David!!

Your portrayal was spot on amazing!
Yassss!!!
Show.

This performance needs to be forgotten and forgotten forever.
Her awful tribute was an embarrassment and raked over the coals.
BRAZIL IS DEVASTATED, WE CRY, FEELING YOUR MISS GAGA !!
Watched the The Last Five Years documentary on HBO. Tears. 
You were spectacular  like Mr bowie
I was watching it, trying not to cry, but was thinking of you. You are the only one out there with such influence that compares to the legacy’s of such a wonderful and important role in music and art. I am Thankful for you

Queen of pop
@JoseAnHz  esto es para ti 

Es grande!!!! 
Nice

...i didn't know he died...now I'm sad :(
Check this out @FionaAHutton
Wow love the art!
,always  crazy Gaga. Sorry  for D. Bowie.
Wowza . One hell of a voice !! 
What a beautiful song,my love for your music gets higher and higher  go for more like this!! Love from Syl xxx
Hi
Damn
I wish that performance and the Metallica one never existed
Fav part 
When r u joining him? 

This is my #Joanne Collection!
I created each piece with all my love!
#JoanneVibes #SuperBowl  #JOANNETOUR
Gaga needs to see my collection! 
I loved that performed it was pure art
Hello


And a amazing live performance of heroes
Love 
I love you Lady Gaga this made me laugh & cry
2 years 20 days, since my dad passed away.

I need a voice louder than my own.  @BTWFoundation @ladygaga @ladyga

Follow us.  

I am #FightingForMeagan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=god7hAPv8f0 …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKNxeF4KMsY …
I can connect with almost all music I hear
but these two stayed in my mind today
https://actioncoin.io/ref/397649/ 
And so will yours....
#NoMore
#MenToo
A legend indeed. I learned playing guitar using the G cord to space oddity.
Great song 
@ladygaga This was just spectacular. Never seen anything like it, mesmerising . How are you Mother Monster?? When's your next show?? Goodnight, #Bubbledreams, IYOU SO MUCH. See you in 19 days!!!! Xxxx
Bowie x Gaga2 = X factor
You really sucked trying to pay tribute to him.
vc não vergonha em dar rt nessa bagunça de performance, mulher?

Where's David Bowie in this video tho?
I only see Lady gaga
Wow, Lady GaGa you got to stay still for the for face effects. David Bowie, Zizzy.... Nice!
Hermosa presentación gaga! Te amo desde From El Salvador
This gives me chills everytime. 
New 2018 Fashion . Now %35 Discount. Save 15$ Buy NOW !!!
 https://allofinhere.com/products/dioufond-new-floral-long-sleeve-vintage-blouse-cherry-turn-down-collar-shirt-blusas-feminino-ladies-blouses-womens-tops-fashion …
вау классссс
Rip Dave
Wow!
Amazing love this
nothing like ripping off a true legend like BOWIE masked as honouring him to boost your failed career absolutely pathetic and transparent

how did you do that

I really do not get why some key figures trash talk this performance. Its so good.
Nossa que massa
Hello baby
He died on my 20th birthday....I was shook
Pls my best artist ,can I get a money gift from you .I don't have money
@ladygaga 
Thanks Gaga! It's so beatifull. Xoxo
love Bowie and your tribute, but even in heaven he can never match your lips
to mind comes this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHYw9sZ8Nuc …
and what fun was this number for both band and spectators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWgvGjAhvIw …
know dabbing in the past again, but there was real class
He is amazing. I got chill bumps watching this
I am honoured and blessed to have grown up at a time when we had true artistes. We will never have the likes of Bowie, Queen, Prince, Berry etc.....again! I feel for you kids.
Je T'aime
BeautyFulll One

Thank you for this!!! @ladygaga is a insanely talented artist! I love her since I was 9. Shes the reason I got introduced to Bowie . I see so much talent in her she's amazing she always leaves me speechless. I shed a few tears during this tribute.
David Bowie life from Mars! 
Greetings from Major Tom! 
Ditto that
And baby your just moving on...🕇
Xoxo 
#DavidBowie
My tribute to the legend when he passed.  #youreyescanbesocruel
chills

I still hate this performance . She was definitely going to debut the lead for the real lg5 at the Grammys but then Bowie died..
Would like have whole space oddity that’s outstanding
Amazing memory!!!
e
Hi

Maby he can sing his songs for god,now he is there,Fame..!
she should’ve just covered all of space oddity it would’ve been legendary
This performance made chills crawl all over me and she was so mythical and I will NEVER forget this performance and her red carpet look
@ladygaga  give us a cover album of your fav classic songs..
Awesome 
Love it 
Was a great fan of David Bowie Legacy will live on.. and remember his great songs he accomplished 
I love Gaga, but you should put a David Bowie photo because you’re talking about him.

Yes it will long as you keep playing his songs and remembering the true Musical that he was all I'll great instrument musical people who passed away will be remembered because they leave or something behind and leave that music their videos and their songs appreciate
One coolest thing I’ve seen. True artistry I can’t wait to see you in Vegas
@ladygaga That performance was breathtaking, he would have absolutely loved it, you did him proud Gaga. The graphics were insane too, all of it was just spot on perfect!!!! Goodnight sweetheart. #Bubbledreams, I love you so much Xx
You are amazing 
David Bowie made me know there is other life out there..
Lady Gaga you rock!!!!
This is true ( words are always the highest currency )
What a talent gone too soon he truly was one of the greatest!
Beautiful song
There would no Bowie without fellow #Hull musicians and the talented songwriter,guitarist #MickRonson R.i.P. #Rono !!
I like that effect that's cool as shit
Too bad she left a stain on his legacy with this mess, even his son thought so.
We all miss him so much
Long live Bowie!! 
Amen
Best Performance David Bowie He Will Live Forever
you should make a cover album of @DavidBowieReal #gaga #heroes #BowieForever
Bowie and Prince true artist
Genius
I loves him (original pencil work)
I don’t think I’ll ever forget this moment... literally a piece of history where Art & Popular culture merged together to create a timeless performance. My girl absolutely slayed this concept.
Not to mention Gaga has always referenced Bowie to her inspiration from the very beginning of her career. I can’t imagine what an honor it was to salute him through art. Both of them pushed so many boundaries in their craft.
Bowie forever!!
Amazing His music was legendary and so was he
ICONIC!
I'm still gutted, legend, pioneer, forever will be stardust sprinkled over us
@hiudetemilaudio per restare in tema, qui fu fantastica
Vero 
2 years already!? I can’t believe how quickly the time goes.
Congrats
We all miss hom so much
It’s been one year. What the fuck?
Love you gaga!!
We are also Mourning in Africa...
What would ziggy say if he could see us now?
Shit Gaga RT 
AMAZING 
Gaga que love you so much 
#PawsUp 
Congrats on the retweet 
Legends never die! I was not such a huge fan but I like him and his music. Same as Chester he was very special in this world. 

He was a master.


That performance, after rewatching, was so much better than I remember it. Amazing! Her vocals were killer!

Follow me please
I love Gaga joanne
Thank so much
Ya. I bet he was the best singer who ever lived
Thx Gaga. I just wish I could see him live or something before David Bowie passed away. But he's not the only 1  Michael Jackson died from doing drugs. So it's ok girl
Everyone is living in the past
I'm loosing faith in you!!!
Memorável performance no tributo a David Bowie. Tudo o que essa mulher faz é incrível!
His legacy will continue, congratulations on the rt
افتظاح
Dear friend,appreciate your music video honey my freind 
Very nice and creative
@ladygaga so perfect

