RELEASE NEW MUSIC
stop
WE WANT NEW MUSIC
everything in its time

The Marley Family conducts Ico
Gaga we are devastated because you are not helping us to bring iCarly to Brazil
thank you for always inspire me
Release Ratchet feat Azealia wtf. It’s been five years we’re tired. You promised you’d give us ARTPOP B sides ughhh
You still believe her promises? 
No but I’m bored n tired

Great work, as a YMCA Youth Ambassador in UK , I am so happy to see other organisations like @BTWFoundation, trying to end the stigma young people face in regard to mental health difficulties  just like YMCA do #IAMWHOLE @wholeofficial
Keep up the good work sir! 
release LG6 
She’s such a beautiful & eloquent woman. You are both incredible xxxxxxx
We don’t care RELEASE A NEW SONG
Release the bloodpop collab or the LG6 lead !!!!
RELEASE BOTH!
You have such a wonderful momma
Release red flame fad
Me when dance in the dark starts on shuffle
Lady Gaga follow me please
BRAZIL LOVES YOU 
This world really needs more people like you 
Gaga, I was feeling inspired and did this Born This Way look  I hope you could see this mom :( love you SO MUCH 
@ladygaga
Keeping Born This Way vibes alive  
Release songs with Azealia
eres la reina de la caridad te quiero mazo
Love you so much gaga 
i miss you i hope you're fine
i love u mom
heyyy gaga look this video
Hey @ladygaga check out this video that my friends & I made to show you we're here for you, no matter what. It would mean so much if you'd watch it. @ThaisLMonster @gagasyuyi @josefsvrig @fsogaga …
The account is private
shit
Not anymore haha sorry guys
PLEASE FOR YOUR MOSNTER, CHECK DM REQUESTS AND ULL FIND A GROUO CHAT JUST READ TEXTS U DONT HAVE TO REPLY BUT IF U LOVE ME THAT MUCH THEN REPLY IT @ladygaga
Your mom is such a beautiful amazing person, and so are you. 

フランスをこよなく愛しているマドモアゼル由美子
GAGA FOLLOW ME PLEASE
LADY GAGA FOLLOW ME PLEASE QUEEN
So proud of you and your mom!
Gaga please look
https://twitter.com/artgagaj_/status/931661945773740038?s=19 …
 love you
Momaa we miss u. Release lg6 already 
FOLLOW ME
The Danger of a Celebrity-Centric Mental Health Policy
PLEASE LOOK AT ME GAGA I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU ARE MY LİFE 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
King nunda.
Rock on!
Well said! Kindness is the key to live a healthy and happier life, and to manifest positivity throughout the world and amongst others.
we stan
おはようgaga
I love you
thank you for inspire me ilysm 
GAGA FOLLOW ME PLEASE
We are so proud of you and your mom and The Born This Way Foundation, thank you for all 
We are so proud of you and your mom and The Born This Way Foundation, thank you for all 
Like you said! Being kind is free, you don’t need money! ♡
Just Love Your Family! 
Thank you for Healing the World with all the Work your Family does! God bless! 
FOLLOW ME PLEASE GAGA 
Yes! All we need in this world is love! At the end of the day it won't matter how much money we had or how popular we were. But it will matter if we loved ourselves and how we treated others.
HEY GAGA FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Hola
Congratulations!! I've never been more proud to be a little monster!
OH GAGAAAAAAAAAAAA
Look this mama
a friendship so beautiful that it was born through music, and I am very grateful to have you saving the music industry. 
WE LOVE YOU!!! @ladygaga @MarkRonson …
could u look this video, mother?
Hey @ladygaga check out this video that my friends & I made to show you we're here for you, no matter what. It would mean so much if you'd watch it. @ThaisLMonster @gagasyuyi @josefsvrig @fsogaga …
I love you @ladygaga thank you for everything you do to help the world  you mean so much to me 
Minha avó é mt linda
Love u my Princess z
I love u gaga 
follow me mom pls
Baby
Your mom is beautiful, inside and out. And so are you.
My mom is suicidal depressed but she won’t go to anyone for help.
Love to you and your mom 
I love you

I love you! 
Making music n’ stuff. 

I miss you so much. I can't believe it's been so long since you were less than some meters away from me for the last time... The best moment of my life, The Born This Way Ball Tour in São Paulo...
Hey @ladygaga check out this video that my friends & I made to show you we're here for you, no matter what. It would mean so much if you'd watch it. @ThaisLMonster @gagasyuyi @josefsvrig @fsogaga …
However I have never stopped loving u, supporting u, praying for you and trying to make all I feel get to you. And this is not only me. We can't wait to have you close but we'd love to give you some love even with the distance
Hey @ladygaga check out this video that my friends & I made to show you we're here for you, no matter what. It would mean so much if you'd watch it. @ThaisLMonster @gagasyuyi @josefsvrig @fsogaga …
@Fame_Ecstasy if I hear “be kind” one more time 
Wow! That's great...
Love that. I know a lot of people with mental health issues and I always try to listen. Your mom put that very nicely. I'm sure she was your inspiration in many ways. You're both beautiful! 
Luv this Gaga! Thank u for helping and reaching out to those who need it! May is Mental Health Month so lets share our resources! Here is mine for Depression: @ActifyNeuro New therapy with promising results!
hie
I’m so scared my daughters 11 & is self harming. She is saying & I think believing that someone is coming & doing it to her in her sleep. I’m trying not to make too much of a big deal of it & hoping it’s a phase & she will stop 
Yes...I am a survivor.
Artpop 2?

Very nice laly gaga
So True. Thank you 
So very true. Believe us, please!

I wish I had a mom like that. Especially when I went through domestic violence and my mothers response was get over it's not like your the first or the last woman to have this happen
Very TRUE! Thanks. Sincerely Shellie Gary
I know which "light" you are referring to and trust me it's only dark now, and you will go with it unless you change your path.
Nice!
That's true
u can watch here last video http://www.kktcburda.com 
This ain’t no perfect illusion....just perfection!!! 
Lady Gaga is always surprising us with something good for our youth, born thys way fudantion and just one more step for other foundations to unite for a greater good, for what we want to see, young people happy and open to the world . I love you so much person @ladygaga @momgerm

That makes me cry. Thank you so, so much!
Darkness following u Gaga...!
Such great role models.  I am so lazy and barely do a thing Lady Gaga.   Thank you for the inspiration.
So true!
Idiot
Great words, needed to hear it too
@ladygaga Welcome back here mother monster 
Beijo minha fofa
your heart is the purest thing in the world. You’re an angel.
Sssuper

@ladygaga your follow will make me the happiest person in the universe
What you do in you and your mom's work against bullying is SO empowering. Yesterday a friend told me his daughter was being bullied. I said to ask her if SHE would say mean things to someone she barely knew. Obviously not. Only an insecure and unhappy person would do that.
Yes! I directed a co-worker to a therapist after she told me that after 28 years of marriage she found out her husband led a double life with other women the entire time. She hacked his email and stalked him for two years before letting him know. She wanted to die.He is bi-polar.
You're amaizing !! I love u
So nice of you
That is so awesome. Go Mom
Love you
@ladygaga #LittleMonsters 
#AStarIsBorn #AStarIsBornTrailer #LadyGaga 
@BTWFoundation @Interscope h
@ladygaga #LittleMonsters 
#AStarIsBorn #AStarIsBornTrailer #LadyGaga 
@BTWFoundation @Interscope
I wish I could talk with you about just everything, bc I know you’d probably get it. I’m tired of fighting with my pain. I was in bed all day today. I couldn’t stand. I’m trying everything to get better. Nothing works. I don’t feel human anymore. #FibromyalgiaSucks
@ladygaga why is it so hard to get you to see this... I wish I could talk to you whenever I want
You go Gaga!
Christine R. Seabrook
Will you release the DVD of BTWB and JWT???
When will you release the DVD of BTWB and JWT???
NoMeGustaGagaXEsoNoOpino

Your mother is such a beautiful soul. We're so fortunate to have an ally in her. Thank you for this. The Germanotta women are all amazing.
I just love how people are giving Gaga crap, And some even Saying " Release New Music! " Gaga has Allot on her Plate right now
So true.
Your mom is Queen like you darling
You are the best. 
Your mom is really nice 
Thank you for your fantastic work. I have a chronic illness and it’s nice to be able to see the many facets of what can be shared. Pease could shAre my awesome autistic son’s story? Autistic Scots teen overcomes bully torment to become top drummer

Love you beautiful thing 
Those words mean so much and touch home! Thank you 
This world needs more people like you
Thank you for always spreading kindness and for making this world a better place. You’re a true inspiration. Validation IS very important. To have someone to be believe you is a gift. It’s helped me a lot in my own recovery. I love you so much and hope you’re doing good
I   just Love you
Your mom is a great person. Love the germanotta family
Love u
Well thought out, and delivered with conviction, honesty and love. Bravo
Beautiful and inspiring words Gaga. Your mom brought them beautifully
We want an Azealia banks collab
Kindness is for birds
And soma junkies
<3
Those words mean so much. Mental illness deserves understanding and not stigma. Thank you for #ErasingTheStigma
As long as it's the left's feelings
okay now tell us about lg6
FOLLOW ME GAGA PLEASE
It's great. It's good to win the prize.
follow me please my mom
i love you gaga, follow me please
FUERZA GUAPA
Love you so much 
yes we want new music ! #LG6 @ladygaga
Love you Gaga, you’re amazing! 
I love this origination and I'm glad it's still going strong
tqm 
Love this
What does one do when no one within 80 miles of your home accepts your insurance, and you really want to talk to someone professionally??
GAGA FOLLOW ME PLEASE

GAGA FOLLOW ME PLEASE
GAGA FOLLOW ME PLEASE
You're such a special person and @BTWFoundation  for raising awareness on mental health and spreading kindness to those in need. I love all you guys 
HEY GAGA FOLLOW ME PLEASE
GAGA FOLLOW ME PLEASE
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
We are nothing without our image, without our projection
Without the spiritual hologram of who we percieve ourselves
To be or rather to become, in the future . I LOVE YOU GAGA   @momgerm @ladygaga
Bondade é de família 
Lady Gaga follow me please
Erasing the Stigma is most important concept in the world. thank you for your voice about anti-stigma. You can help us, mental health consumers.
Lots of love
So the real truth about Lady Gaga fans
My little monsters, lies in this sentiment:
They are the Kings, they are the Queens
They write the history of the kingdom and
I am something of a devoted Jester
It is in the theory of perception that we have established our bond
GAGA FOLLOW ME PLEASE
tá bom
Thank you for helping me to be strong Mom. I love you.
so proud 
