Hi Joanne, just watched ur documentary. I know the truth and way to salvation. I just opened this old twitter account to send u message, hope it gets to u. Ill share u the truth, i dont use twitter pm me at fb messenger my name is Myy Fuentes
Thank you so much for bringing out 10million reasons. 
You're one of a kind & perfect in every way. A powerful inspiration to the world through you're music you're laughter and love you're a force to be reconed with Joanne I'am truly inspired. #BiggestFanC
the US shows got elevator music for 2 hours sis 
Better than lady starlight
Lmao so fuckn true my friend passed out like literally fainted, cus she said Lady Starlight played the same thing for two hours and it made her have a mental break   #ArtRave2014
LOL just when I thought she was actually going to start the song the same beat was the song 
Right  it was like a two hour song and I was like please change it add a bell  or  beat drop something!!  Lol
I died when she was like "do you guys want to hear my new single" I'm like alright some voices outta come out now .. but it was a bunch of screeching 
Omg y’all are coming for her wig like she just stole it from party city

Absolutely loved it! Thank God it was on Netflix or I never would have made it through lol. Its great to see sometimes that celebrities are human beings & Thank you for being vulnerable to us and even more so for spreading awareness to the ignorance that is so widely among us
Nice!!!
I have already watch this
The documentary is real. I always imagined Madonna would mentor you & pass the baton. I love your humanity. I've managed to raise kind, intelligent kids, who love & respect people, animals, elderly etc. They know despite my struggles, I'd kick someone's ass for them. Family is #1
Is this about your chronic pain journey? I know you've tried to shine a light on this disease, but I'm having trouble finding anything. I suffer from CRPS. always looking for other treatment options #painsucks #spoonie #CRPS
ABSOLUTELY PERFECTION
Thank you for all you have done for people like me and all the wonderful people in my online fibromyalgia support group! We have finally heard a voice that is not dismissing our illness! Thank you  and God bless!
Watched your doc. A super watch.  You saying after a day of people touching/talking to you all day to go home alone.  Sad.  After your day of choice, come to our place, we will make you a good dinner with great conversation.#friends
This was the most real and raw documentary I have seen. Thank you for all that you do! #speechless
@0_oedgar  
WOW. EXCELENT
queen
are pretending to come to brazil?? it’s really important for us, we are still sad about rock in rio :( 
pretending significa “fingir” amigo kkkkk
mortaaaaa como é prtende entao???? kkkkkkkk
intending

I watched the documentary! I loved it! I too watched it quite a few times!!
Me encanto!!!!!
Don’t forget this
i love Lady Gaga she is multitalented.
Hello @ladygaga. Will it be also 7pm for the Antwerp show in @sportpaleis? Thanks.
I sooooooo can’t wait til #JoanneWorldTourManchester  I’ve seen you twice front row, met you at Artrave and now il be bopping in a seat because I’m pregnant 
My daughter & I, watching documentary together. Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta is an awesome woman. I'm a free spirit, so my son, Anthony is watching too. I'm an emotional person, I think it's bc I like people. I want to check out your charity. Being single is OK. Embrace it.
Watching it right now. You are kind, generous heart. I remember I mailed tee shirts to your parents restaurant in NYC Always wondered if you saw them. My humanityrocks, Good Deeds Feel Good & Appreciate Good people tees. A feeble attempt at getting noticed. Family First always.
LIKE/RT If This Look Gives You 5 Ft 2 Vibes 
Sweet an sexy,   I manage to get a photo of the burnt down bed an had it blown up .It's really Cool.  !!         Love ya
say something about BRAZIL
Esse Gif...

Eu nunca mais o vi  tava louca por ele!
procura “3D Artpop gifs” no google, tem mais de 200 gifs assim
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Não sei nem por onde começar
Vou chorar de felicidade

OMG THANK YOU GAGA  @itsallzara
I AM SO DOWN FOR THAT!!!!

Thank you Queen!
It’s it’s it’s gonna be like a movie then a live performance omg thank you so so much Lady Gaga. We love you 
@enricoisolan @Jasi2190 @Emma_RedVelvet This is so cool! Everyone will be watching the documentary together  #JoanneWorldTour
Lmao we will all cry together 
I know 
Loved your documentary! It was SO good. You are such a strong, beautiful, empowering woman. I just adore you. You are a living, breathing work of art. 
Ooooh that's cool
hi
5 ft 2 huh Gaga the exact same height as my mom by t she died when I was only 5. Dont feel sorry for me. I was born this way. #Stronger today. They hate the lil ppl we’re the strongest 
Love it!
Will this documentary be shown in Antwerp next monday??
@ladygaga
Damn I would have love that in Minneapolis
That's a bit full-body yourself
ur carrying
I love that idea 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AwqheBJFzT8 …
@KynxBesa @iamwillie1 @Eminem @edsheeran @taylorswift13 @TaylorLorenz @kendricklamar @HotNewHipHop @BGT #Rap #JayZ #FinesseRemix #FinesseVideo #FinesseVideo #NewMusicFriday …
Love you Gaga!!!

@JulieRbx  mgomgmogmogommogogmmggommgom
Why are you so amazing!? I love you #mothermonster you’re the best 
a concept
@BroganTilly
You should release it on DVD. I’d totally buy it and it’d fit right in with my Amy Winehouse documentary and my Selena movie 
Ahhhhh barely missed this in Barcelona 
Where is it #JoanneWorldTour in Brazil ??????
凄い絵ですねシュール過ぎる
I love you Gaga .your fan 61 years old
I Love  You Lady Gaga
Love u lady gaga
In Brazil too? Oh yeah, you don't give a shit about us.
i'm devastated
When will you be coming to Ireland we are all big fans and can’t wait to see you x pls say you are planning a tour ?
Reis dizimi çıkarıyon ?
@deniefanny même pas besoin d'avoir Netflix finalement
Ah bah on aura quelque chose à regarder
Ça va nous occuper, pour oublier le froid
Totalement
@OxanaMonster ahh dit is leuk 
Jaaaa echt super gaaf! How extra dat ze basically haar eigen voorprogramma is haha. Nu moet je wel op tijd komen 
jaa 
Ela não vem gente, ela não vem...
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU NEXT WEEK 
yesss 
Acabei de receber o reembolso do show e ainda estou devastado ! 
O seu foi deposito bancario? Pq o meu nada ainda
Isso , depositaram na minha conta ....
Αν δεν προλάβω, περίμενε καμιά ώρα χόκεϊ.
Nice artwork 
Já não bastou cancelar o rock in Rio pra divulgar?
so nice, it looks like autogened image by deep mind.
a divulgação tá pesadíssima
The best documentary ever
#GagaFiveFootTwo is the best documentary I have ever seen!!!
It's amazing!!!
I adore u and u have been extremely helpful more than u could ever know thank u if I could ever meet u I would simply smile
Gets excited and pretends that he hasn’t seen it at least 7 times already*
ngm quer saber quadril de paçoquita
انا احلى منك
Waw Beautiful
Dear cousin i’m waiting to Milano, i love you !
COME TO BRAZIL GAGA

Goals. I'm taking note.
Tá filmando Netflix? O Oscar do ano que vem não se compra sozinho kkkkkk
@gmaecronk
Best human ever..!!
AWESOME IDEA!!  Every fan should see it....
The sugar free kind
New Watch #NFL games   Register before offer ends.
God willing you need salt bath, a relax massage and two days of sleep and a few cans of mother
Loved the documentary, you are amazing Gaga.
What a unique idea
cant wait so excited @ladygaga
#Fibromyalgia It is great that you are going to show the documentary before your gigs, it may help others who don't realise that they also have Fibromyalgia. I use the image below to show folks what we FM Sufferers have to deal with all the time, it's not complete 

Hi
thank you for giving me a great night, I enjoyed seeing you act. I admire you 
35 mins in.  her bare boobs
I almost cant believe Ive never seen you perform working on your first album with vince was fun
Omg @JessieGoegebeur 
@ladygaga

I be watching out of it at the 20 jan. Cant wait to see it!
hi
Where you just spent it complaining about being a REDUCTIVE.
Hello friend good morning to you
ok ok im big fan of gaga but the last concert at Cleveland was so bad no fun i dont know whats wrong with lady gaga its like she font have mood t o sing or perform.
Beautiful
Legal minha gente que Deus nos proteja
Why?
LOVE THIS IDEA
Her show is amazing 
SLAY Mom 
One amzing woman. 
You are simply beautiful and greatly talented...thank you for being you!
e

I love you so much @ladygaga 
Is your eye okay?
AND ME LMAO
This is a total long shot and I probably won’t get a response but here goes. Nothing ventured, nothing gained! Would you ever consider doing a “benefit” concert in Southern IN to help us raise money for our local United Way?
Wow iconic
I keep this documentary on my Netflix and watch random bits of it when I need inspiration and/comfort.
exclusive
I loved your documentary, you truly are an amazing woman.
Stunning beauty
So pela tv mesmo ne querida pq ao vivo ta difícil
Brasil esquecido no churrasco :/

Grogose beautiful, my brother  may  be but  you  be there  in music for  every. Thanks
Lacrimis oculos habent flores suos pulchros TERTIUM sic AB OCULI LANGUORE machinationes tuas linguam Latinam
Beautiful pic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

What!!! Seriously, sis?!
Queen of becoming a movie theater


yaaassss gaga
It was great! Good idea! You go, girl!
RAINHA MARKETEIRA MESMO BICHO ÍCONE PARABÉNS ISSO AÍ BOA ASSISTIR O DOCUMENTÁRIO OUTRA VEZ.
I absolutely loved this. Gave me so much insight! Opened my eyes. Love ya!!
I loved your documentary on Netflix 10/10 #wannaseelive
So cool
Mexico still Love's you, we miss you 

The documentary is so beautiful and real.  I’m so thankful for you and what you do, you inspire me to be more confident in my own skin and to work hard everyday and even though you are going through hard times you can do it and again I’m so thankful for you showing that. I love u
Cool picture
sounds good but I’m still devastated babe 
That's how you open a show!! 
Thanks for all mother monster! I love u so much  come to Spain soon 
En el próximo tour pone el documental en el que salimos nosotras piensa en eso
Que maldade 
This is next level queen shit
Yes  I love you!!
I love @ladygaga ... my name erik from iranToday my financial situation is not good and I can not come there, but I wish that one day Iran would be free so that I could see you closely.
SUA VADIA VAI PRO BRASIL O SUS TE ACLAMA
Loved your documentary! I too struggle with the pain of fibromyalgia. I cried watching you deal with the horrible pain. Thank you for bringing attention to this! Love you!! Stay strong and keep fighting.
WHAT
See you in Paris ma'am
I love you
#slay  yes, we can beat it.
Please have your people research #Chiari #Malformation & #Syringomyelia.
Look at the symptoms.
Anything you recognize?
#ZipperHead
Just watched this amazing documentary on Netflix, it had me in tears, as a fellow sufferer to see you go through the pain was unbearable and so true that you just carry on with life even when in excruciating pain, truly inspirational x
THATS A GREAT FUCKING IDEA!
@nualamegan
Omg
Ik heb m al gezien maar we kunnen gaan in principe alz je wil is wel echt mkoie docu
Aw then they will know how badass you are right before you come on stage. Good plan.
Hey hun PLEASE come to Brazil!!!  Do you intend coming in 2018?
One more day until #JoanneWorldTourMilan, and I'm so excited! I caaan't wait to see you again for the 3rd time. PLEASEEE Is it possibile to meet you in Milan? I just really wanna hug you. Thank you for everything! I love you sooo much! 
Your mexican fans are still waiting
