
Enjoy!
Rude…
“Album only” the new rude
Please Gaga, you can make our night! Watch our video, we love you so much 
Happy 32nd birthday, Gaga! - A video by Monster Empire (Thread)

If we can't find the cure, we'll fix you with our love …
Gaga we love you and we'll support you the rest of our lives because you gave us the life. Love you!
This is amazing Gaga! We hope you can collab with iCarly next!
Yes!!! 
A birthday gift? WIG IS ON VENUS!  @grenziel @jpersnicketyy
To the planet?
VENUS!
https://twitter.com/berry_sck/status/979483260324589568?s=19 … te amo, happy birthday
My very first @ladygaga drawing (2010) x my latest one (2017).

I still have a long way to go and I'm working everyda…
You’ve came a long way, good job there 
Thank you so much!
Watch what me and other Monsters made for you Gaga, we love you!! 
Hey @ladygaga check out this video that my friends and I made to show you we're here for you, no matter what. It would mean so much if you'd watch it. @ThaisLMonster @gagasyuyi @josefsvrig @fsogaga …
OMG my wig is the same color as gaga's wig she wore in 2011-2012 
WIG
GAGA THIS IS YOUR BEST COVER!!!! You really put your soul and your heart into this. Thank you. You sound better than ever. **honestly wouldn’t be mad if this was on LG6**
PLEASE LOOK AT ME GAGA 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
Heard this debut on the radio this morning at 2AM. No better way to start my day. Gaga you are such an amazing vocalist! @ladygaga
Your voice is amazing
WERE BALD QUEEN YOUR VOCALS HAVE GOTTEN TOO POWERFUL FOR OUR WIGS TO HANDLE. SUCH AN AMAZING COVER
Gaga me and @xbrooklynightsx are meeting tomorrow, we’re best friends and it’s all thanks to you, we met for the first time at the Joanne world tour on the 1st of febuary @ladygaga #ladygaga
@ladygaga 
OH MY GODGA IM SO PROUD @ladygaga  MISS GAGA SNAPPED, ONE OF HER BEST COVERS YET
How???
It's on iTunes sis! Most of the album is currently preorder but this is one of a couple of tracks on it what are available now
Oh! It’s not showing for me  still says album only!!! Homophobic
Omg the homophobia...what country are you in? May have to do with your location
In USA... I’m feeling very attacked  thank you for trying to help though you are sweet!!! 
That's so annoying, hopefully it won't be long! I'm in the UK so guess it could be location, the same happened to me when Joanne piano version got released  no worries 
Lol I can wait a few days. If it were LG6 I’d call the police  omg I’m from the uk too I could just download it on my uk account 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me @ladygaga #LadyGaga #JoanneWorldTour
I first listened to it when it premiered on Thursday and no matter what, you, your voice & the piano always manage to leave me speechless and in complete awe. Have bought a copy and the more I listen to it the more I love it. Can’t wait to watch the special on April 10. 
The cover is amazing, your voice sounds magical as always. I'm so proud of you 
@ladygaga You united me and @blondgaga and now you are singing our song, the song that remind me of her since I met her, maybe even before that, because of our spiritual connection. You just CAN'T imagine how happy and hopeful it makes me feel to hear this song in your voice 
Thank you so much Mother Monster 
HERE WE ARE!!!  Here's my cover of one of the greatest songs of all time. Elton John and Bernie Taupin’s "Your Song." What an honor it was to record. THATS ME ON THE PIANO! THIS ONES FOR YOU!! …
I'M SO FUCKING HAPPY 
@ladygaga You united me and @blondgaga and now you are singing our song, the song that remind me of her since I met her, maybe even before that, because of our spiritual connection. You just CAN'T imagine how happy and hopeful it makes me feel to hear this song in your voice 
Ok I might be overreacting but It feels like a sign of heaven to me that we are meant to be together, and this song moves me so much 
YOU SNAPPED MOM
it’s good. 
Stfu and release the bloodpop collab
vem vamos voltar para a fã base
Follow me Gaga! 

Love it! You killed the vocals!
Why did you push Lina Morgana off of a building
“How wonderful life is while you're in the world.”

I’m fan of Elton and I love “Your Song”. But Actually I prefer GAGA ver. to original. Her voice gives me peace of mind and feel relaxedI’m in tears. I love this too much. @LadyGaga #yoursong #eltonjohn  #LadyGaga
Thank you for always making us proud. Would you tell us about you day? How was it? What about your bday? What did u do? We care so much and we need you to remember we're here for you no matter what, so we made this video, hope you see it 
We made this video for you, you are our cure 
Happy 32nd birthday, Gaga! - A video by Monster Empire (Thread)

If we can't find the cure, we'll fix you with our love …
ITS SO BEAUTIFUL!!!!!! YOU DID THAT QUEEN!!!
congrats mom  please gaga we made this for you
Hey @ladygaga check out this video that my friends and I made to show you we're here for you, no matter what. It would mean so much if you'd watch it. @ThaisLMonster @gagasyuyi @josefsvrig @fsogaga …
Best cover ever!!!!
lady Gaga you're doing amazing
BABY
I can’t believe I saw you do this live i-
“THAT’S ME ON THE PIANO!” Lol I love her so much. Gaga is so CUTE!
Yes queen
Lady Gaga's "Your Song" deserves an award! A Grammy Award  and every other kind of award! @ladygaga #Grammys
will i ever get a i love you from you!?!?!? 

Hey Gaga! It’s my 19th Birthday today, I’ve been a fan since I was 9 years old and it would be so amazing if you’d wish me a happy birthday? I doubt you’ll see this but it’s worth a shot! @ladygaga 
I LOVE YOU
@nicolelianesolo this seems extremely targeted towards you
WHAT THE FUCK
Mother came for your god damn life
I’m really moved by your voice
I think your technique and your vocals are growing day by day, your covers are always huge and never dull! Thank you for always amaze us  I love you endlessly  @ladygaga
Hasta que te dignas a hablarnos pinche joto.

"It's for people like you that keep it turned on" 
Xoxo #GagaStrong #LadyGaga #Eltonjohn #EltonREVAMP 
#LongLiveMusic 
the famous star I like
I Love You
You have such a beautiful voice! I love it  people who say you can't sing  they need to go get their ears  checked by a doctor.
Feeling these @ladygaga vibes with the new cover of @eltonjohn’s classic “Your Song” for #ReVamp, so I decided to do my own. #YourSong
Love it. I wasn't expecting the high notes on this song.  #YourSong
'THATS ME ON THE PIANO' 

Ter talento é essencial 

Lady Gaga, I love you so much. 
I love it!!! And what do you think about my work for you?
Here's my bday gift for my queen and inspiration  @ladygaga   RT and tag her please  Honey, you did a lot for me. You helped me when I needed it,  you helped me to accept and love myself. I'd give you the world…
A legend, queen, everything. 
Thanks mama  that's so amazing.  I love you so much 
YOUR VOCALS OMG
INVENTED VOCALS! I stan a talented queen!
Never stop doing what you do Gaga this is beautiful. I am sure you made @eltonofficial proud.
This is fucking beautiful
i love u 
It is a blessing to have your voice! It's healing to listen to you. You've been my cure for almost 10yrs now. We'll always try to be yours! Never forget we're here for you. Please watch this mini video we made with so much love to remind you of that  
It’s aMAZING
My wish is you surprised me with release LG6 
RELEASE LG6
You’re such a legend
congrats queen you sound amazing on this
te amo mamá
talent won
I LOVE YOU I’VE MISSED YOUR VOICE SO MUCH
Love you mom

LOVE U 
ITS BEAUTIFUL
ILU
Wig

Vegas @ladygaga
I think it’s time to follow @bisexualgaga :)
justine I adore you so much 
I’m so confused
ITS A MASTERPIECE
I was here for this recording it was amazing!! She did it in 3 fabulous takes!
I love you so much
Amazingly beautiful Gaga! I was wondering if it was also going to be available on Apple Music?
I think later tonight Valari hun. We will see. 
I'M IN HEAVEN RIGHT NOW, YOUR VOICE BRING ME THERE. YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS
@ladygaga Your cover of Your Song is absolutely beautiful.  I know it’s not your birthday anymore, but you gotta see this I promise it’s worth it! At least, I hope it is We love you so much. And don’t forget to see swipe to see the next parts xo
@ladygaga 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GAGA 

~ I decided to make this video for you and bring little…
Que delícia que ficou! 
You sounded amazing. We stan!
It’s so beautiful 
i love u
Love u
QUEEN 
POR DONDE LA ESCUCHO

GRACIAS ES HERMOSA
de nada, ahora me podes hacer un coveR DE MI SEÑORA QUE NO HICISTE AYER EN SU DÍA
Hi. You are so cool! Always.
Gaga this song is super beautiful! Thanks 
FAD GIVE US LG6
I love it so much

Queen of queens
It is so beautiful Gaga 
It's amazing Gaga! You did an amazing job on that! 
You are incredible queen
I love you.
Boring song but you sound AMAZING! Can't wait for some new original music by youuuuu 
 so perfect!
I got 'not available in your area'. Is the state of Georgia being boycotted?
Wow!!’ This is great! 

I can’t handle how perfect this is! Pre-ordered and so ready!
This made me smile tbh
Not available in my country??? Noooo
amazing!!!! Love it 
2:36 "Haaa Haaa~", 'Speechless' anyone? 
Volta pro pop mulher, estou cansado de fingir gostar dessas bombas
LOVE THIS SO MUCH! Thank you for this Gaga, you sound amazing! 
I hope you watch our video 
Happy 32nd birthday, Gaga! - A video by Monster Empire (Thread)

If we can't find the cure, we'll fix you with our love …
It’s amazing queen
Wig
@Diana_Fury  it'll probably be midnight by the time you see this so here ya go
legend
Sing all of Elton's songs!
Me and my late brother Andrew used to sing this In the car many years ago. The fact you’ve covered this song has touched me in such a special way! It’s like it was meant to be. I can’t thank you enough for this beautiful melody! 
Hope you had the best birthday

Awesome 
Hi mom check this video
Hey @ladygaga check out this video that my friends and I made to show you we're here for you, no matter what. It would mean so much if you'd watch it. @ThaisLMonster @gagasyuyi @josefsvrig @fsogaga …
Beautiful cover Gaga, you sound amazing.
Arrasou piranha
how someone can be so amazing like you are? THIS IS FUCKING AMAZING! 
AMAZING You Was Absolutely Fantastic As usual Currently Have It On Replay 
ur version is better than the original queen
AMAZING!!!! I LOVE IT
I  GAGA
OMG GAGA ITS AMAZING AND BEAUTIFUL!!!!! GOOD WORK WE LOVE ITT
It IS one of the greatest songs of all time and also one of my favourite songs of all time. I’ve been waiting + hoping you’d cover this song for so long. Thank you! It’s so wonderful I’m in love 
YOUR VOICE SOUNDS LIKE AN ANGEL!
Love you legend
Rainha talentosa
LEGEND
I love it you sound so beautiful as always 
FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU
Thank you mother monster
QUEEN OF VOCALS AND THE PIANO
OMG LEGEND

Love u baby
hello my angel
its so beautiful i love you
legend
This goes back to my 70's days when I still didn't know what music I was to end up loving. It turned out to be my first fav. then, now my favorite artist of all time does it & crushes it. icing on the cake. 
Yes baby!!!!
so proud of you! you sang this beautifully and absolutely smashed it!! I love you, you never fail to do us proud

Wig but what about a new song of yours?
today is my friend's birthday and a big little monster @teddyitz please wish happy birthday to him, it is the best gift he could receive. ♡!
this the best version of this song
#YourSong #EltonREVAMP @eltonofficial
"Your Song" @ladygaga #EltonREVAMP
Simply amazing, your version of my song gives me all the feels!!! Please follow me 
You are all of this to me, please follow back
Lady Gaga's song is my textbook
@bella ze Yvette
@ladygaga  I love you 
Ay te amo 
I’ve been listening to this song with my mom and we cried! Just a meaningful song! We love you gaga.
This performance is one of the best performance!Everything you are doing is amazing and you are the most important person for me @ladygaga !
CONTINUE STREAM & BUY THE SONG EVERYONE!
Your cover of "Your Song" is so beautiful and powerful!! You sound AMAZING!!! You killed it!!! I LOVE IT!!! To hear your beautiful voice and hear you play the piano is a magical experience!!! You're the best!!! 
BUY/STREAM/DOWNLOAD/VIEW THE SONG!!!!! Let’s keep going monsters
beautiful version 
Thank you so much for this cover! I'm listening on repeat and can't stop thinking about how u're important to me and saves me every day. U really keep my heart beating  "I hope you don't mind that I put down in words how wonderful life is while you're in the world"  lysm!
How wonderful life is, with Elton and Gaga in the world. 
It's amazing, I'm shook, wig snatched.
EUGH I fucking love this 
Totally agree @ladygaga #YourSong by #EltonJohn and #BernieTaupin still resonates in my heart every time I hear it the same way it did the first time I heard it
AMAZING  THANK YOU GAGA 
nope no i didn’t cry??? stop looking at me
This has easily become my favorite cover rendition of a song!   Thank You @ladygaga.

#YourSong

When u gonna cover a G Funky song? 
This is amazing @ladygaga  Sir Elton must be so proud @eltonofficial
Such an awesome cover!! YOU ARE A GIFT TO THE INDUSTRY YOU ARE A GIFT TO MUSIC!!! I LOVE YOU!
The song is fascinatingly great!!! This is the first time I’ve read your tweet. I’m so exited! LOVE U!!!
This song always makes me emotional
hi 
bb
I‘m speechlessyou are the best singer in the world I love you Gaga
Moms vocals just no words Legend Queen 
Yess queen!!!! 
You sound amazing 
What a masterpiece! You always bless the little monsters with your amazing music . And we thank you for that. 12.18.1974. Xoxo Joanne 
I love love love it! I get goosebumps everytime I hear the part when you sing high. 
"It's for people like you that keep it turned on" 
I love you 
The first note already made me smile. I love your acoustic performances. They are always so powerful and 


