I love lady gaga
Wow! If you are the little one...Your look just like your beautiful mother!!!

Aww God bless you beautiful

That is the cutest pic ! I love it because not many siblings have a good bond like this.
aws you're so cute @ladygaga
Hpy bday luv...

Feliz cumple
que hino de mulher 
sua mãe é bem bonita em.
queen.
Hi
I love you
Happy birthday
Boa noite Linda Maravilhosa abençoada Ladygaga...Amei a Foto Parabéns Eckmanne Oliveira seu fã

@ladygaga #LittleMonsters #LadyGaga #10YearsOfGaga
Visa noire
Love this picture,so sweet, Julie, painter
I hope you’re healing !  Wanted to invite you out. Close to where you are staying our bar/club is doing a disco night. Live band! For a hoot!!
Happy birthday Natali we love you 
UGHHHH JOE SNAPPEDT WHEN HE PLANTED THE SEED IN MISS CYNTHIA AND GAVE BIRTH TO TWO LEGENDS... my parents can’t relate.
He planted that seed and he saw the harvest!!
amen sis A-FCKEN-MEN

FOLLOW ME @bisexualgaga @demisgagie @sinkadeadbody AND @joannesremedy PLEASE LEGEND WE LCOE YOU SO MUCB
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU
I LOVE YOU
Lady gaga hanım bebek ikende cirkinmişsiniz yine de siz bilirsinizzzzz
Bebek gaga değil tutan gaga
Verdiğiniz bilgiyle aydınlandım tesekurler
Best friends for life! #sistas
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday to her! 
Adorable.
You are just incredible!  Artistic ability that, I hope you will respect, as compared to “The Divine Miss M”.  I love you both...different generation but sensational artists!!
HBDto her. Beautiful moment and pic. So cute face
Very precious!
Beauty wonan
this is so warm 
Nyc 1
queens
Late blessings
Happy birthday to ur sister and she is the same day with my girlfriend hh
That's so sweet
I Drawed Gaga From Telephone,   Gaga Do You Like It!?
Happy belated birthday
可愛いですね
Your birthday is the 28th of this month, is not it?
Her sister not Gaga
Happy bith day.
HAPPY BIRTHAY SO MUCH I LOVE YOU

Take My Hand  Stay Joanne. Heavens Not Ready For You,
Happy bday
¡Me hubiera encantado ser tu amigo en la primaria! 
I leve you gaga, god bless u
I Love You
hey gaga do you like my  necklace, what do you think of it!? please (respond) #ladygaga #gaga
Hello....
happy day
Happy birthday beautiful
Happy birthday
Awwwwww....
Happy Birthday Lady.
&... Happy #Nowruz 
So precious 
hello gaga
so cute
I love you
Forever wishing gaga would tell me she loves me,  but I feel like it's NEVER going to happen.... 
I am going to sleep and I will be shocked, if I wake up tomorrow and gaga replys to this tweet saying hi goodnight.
I Love You,     Do You Love Me!?
when is ur biirthday i wonder if u know my name from the streets
Happy days you have 
Happy birthday  to you sisp

Hey mommy @ladygaga here is video for you from some Little Monsters. We all hope that you’ll feel better soon and you’ll see this and makes to you happy  #sendloveforjoanne 
wow.. so nice
So cute! 
Get #free gift cards with #GrabPoints! Start with 500 points with my invite code - LPW02Q.
I love you
The Muslim World in Post-9/11 American Cinema: A Critical Study, 2001-2011 https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/1476666679/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_FF7PAbG0PFQ0Q …

Happy Birthday to your sister may all her wishes come true 
Love this 
love u so much! !!!!!come to China please!!!!!!!!!!
Gaga=Gorgeous.
Happy late birthday Natalie
Awwww
Love it
Jacob 
Happy birthday to you
My desires' just meet find you my baby.. Blow you one () maybe 3. Skipping 2 that's just me....... I enjoyed my first day in the streets reforming as a petition, circulator. X.

I want to commit suicide... I love you Gaga, you are always my cure, but I can't deal with that. I'm feeling like stressed and depressed and I can't... I hope you feel better, and I want to let you know that you're always loved. I can't deal with that... Love you forever Gaga
don't do that, you're loved!
Idk if it’s because your sis did t want me to meet you or be happy and feel like a part of your thing or if it was because of a lot of mail but it’s weird you would make a video with that code only when it was a gift from me not your sister. That hurt so much. Look into my life.
Happy Birthday!
I LOVE YOU JOANNE 
te amo
Que luxoooooo
Heyyyy Sis Make Baby Sis GetvSome Real Rest
Happy birthday and I wash you more life happier
Your birthday is March 28th, your sister's is March 10th, and Mine is March 3rd.  That's so cool
I didnt mention... I love you babe

All sisters should love like that ♡

Happy Happy B-Day my Lady, hope your feeling better Stefanie and you heal at least 90% so you can get back to your number one passion, making and producing your awesome music. Your ghost friend,Kcy
I love you
Sister is a precious gift. Sister stand with us when we face trouble.
your mom looks like princess diana 
wow.
Redonda strength and honour
Happy Birthday to your Sis
Я русский
Yes,Happy Birthday to Natali, she's super talanted as you our Queen! And that conection between two of you makes me cry, everytime I see you together I LoVe YoU mommy monster
Aw I missed it. What did she get? Anything green?

Happy birth day to you
Happy birthday 
Happy birthday 
Happy Belated Birthday 
Happy birthday
And happy Birthday!
Loving look. You are womb mates!
Your mother is beautiful.
Eii ei vc é Sensacional!
Yesss na yessvbeautiful
Sweet
Happiest and Blessed birthday to her
.May God bless you with many more..

OMG 
Precious!
everything that comes from , I love you, your memories, your family and everything that is waiting for us , lady gaga 

awwww happy birthday to her <3
Nice to hear today is yours kindly enjoy it in full

Happy B-Day Natali 
This kind of made me tear up because that's how I felt when my sister was born!  #sisters
lady gaga ilove you
TI COISA MAIS LINDA DA RAY 
Happy Bithday to she 
Hmmmm
Wish I had a sister...
Happy Birthday
So much love in your eyes.felt the same way when my most precious kids were born..big lov g ermanottas.
PISCES GANGGGGGGGG
Hope she has a great birthday
Happy Birthday from me too!
See you in Iceland Lady Gaga!
