@ladygaga  gives my dog the feels #GRAMMYs 
@whorchataa have you seen this?! 
When he starts wagging his tail also I love how you can’t see gaga’s face, just that kick ass makeup
I know hahaha I love it!!!
He knows his music, does that to a lot of us
Stop wearing #animal #fur then!
Миллион Псов
@LovatoLover93 
gaga love u
This is so worth a minute or two to check out gaga. So beautiful. 
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
Cuteness at its best
@jason_paddock 
Get well my lady
That is so cute!!  My dog was "singing" with you.
Check this out if you have the time. So precious
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
How do you know the dog is a girl or a boy?lol
So cute but I think of you ! my queen ! fight and stand up especially for you, your family and your little monsters! and especially for Joanne! I love you ! thank you for bringing us so much! you are the best 
So cute omg 
I hope you’re able to see this. It’s so beautiful. 
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
Check this out if you have time.
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
This is so gorgeous. 
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
How beautiful is this?
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
This is so worth a minute or two to check out! I hope you’re able to see it. 
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
thank you for your support! means a lot! 
Of course! I’m trying so hard to get her to see it for you. It’s so special. 
my dog was also singing along to me a million reasons 

Selamat sore lady... Saya dari indonesia ne.. Bisa kenalan....!!?????
Eu te amo muito!
Thank for sharing your dog, he’s awesome and he has awesome taste and he smart for Lady Gaga
Check out this talented little monsters work gaga. Precious. 
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
This little monster is so talented. I hope you’re able to see 
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
Can’t believe dogs have better taste than the people voting at the Grammys
哇
That’s is beyond adorable
Hi
 The best love!!!
I hope you’re able to get a second to see this. It’s so special. 
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
This is gorgeous gaga. Look how beautiful.
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
This is beautiful. You’ll be so proud.
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
Take a look at this is you get the time. So gorgeous.
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
Check this out when you can gaga. It’s so beautiful.
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
This is so beautiful.
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…

"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
How amazing is this? So beautiful.
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
This is adorable! If you have a sec check this out when you can. It’s so amazing.
"take my hand, stay, joanne..." 

@ladygaga performance at the #GRAMMYs was just AMAZING! really emotional! thank you for everything,…
I didn't watch the Grammys but I love your dresses with balls on them. I offer up inspiration, or at the very least wanna play?
Hermosa canción 
My  and I watched this video over and over again! So precious, and beautiful as ever, @ladygaga 
@LovatoLover93 hi
Wow!!!!
I would love to see a show of you some day.  9ld fart monster here.
@flatbreadroyal
Ahhh this is the most beautiful tribute I have ever seen to Lady Gaga
Awesome!
You should skin your dog and wear the “piece of art” around your neck......so disappointed in you Lady.
That’s so cool!!!
Wow so sweet
hi

I live this baby !! This is absolutely the cutest thing I’ve ever seen
Omg! That tail!!!
And of course, it's a love that will never let you down Lady!
Yaaasss @ladygaga he loves you so much #doglovesgaga
He knows how to appreciate good music!  #DogsLovesGaga
Adorable! He actually did like it, that is so awesome and precious!
Bless this 
When you look like a bird......instinct......
@nirvana_karem look sis the doggo loves lady Gaga 

Jajajaa q Bello
Love him!!! 
Sweet baby! 

This is sooooo sweeeet 
houve um jogo de palavras aí
When a dog have better taste in music than some humans have
I feel you puppy! I legit get goose bumps whenever I hear her singing live, and this song does me in each time it plays 
Mas bien vio al perro que mis propuestas de matrimonio  
Sad forever
This is why dogs are just better. Than anything and everything.
Woof woof
So cute!!! He’s adorable!
Never seen a dog which can smell bitch even on tv ,amazing !!
The animal kingdom has spoken
Every living creature loves @ladygaga @LovatoLover93
I didn’t watch the Grammy’s but he’s got it right. It’s about the music.
It's so beautiful omg 
Dogs best friend
This is too cute!!!  A special connection! 
i wany friends
Awww sweet doggie we heart it and we adore you Gaga!!
Wooof wooof 
OMG que hermoso
We humans have been blessed with the gift of caring for these beautiful creatures, who each share with us their own emotional intelligence and brilliance. What a joy to witness!
Llegando a los corazones de todos
could probably turn billion http://stunnerandking.blogspot.co.ke/2018/01/the-angelic-side-of-bonnie-and-clyde.html?m=1 …
so cute he sits at the end! he loves that tv haha
Gaga,what's your puppy's name?

Dog gone it.. I love it 
@devonmonster95 this is the cutest thing ever
Angel dog
Adorable 
OMG, so cute! hahahahah My Dog does that when I play @adamlambert videos on my big screen, he loves him, lol, BTW, you were amazing at the GRAMMYs!! 

Smart pup! @ladygaga You capture the attention of not only your human fans but also your furry fans! 
Dogs know beautiful music when they hear it!  
I love it
She was looking Angelic

Thunder @arjemvillanueva
Queen of puns
that’s cuz you rocked it!
I love you, in everything, in all the tracos, and your talent and sensational for everybody, because you came to teach, to love, and to express what we really are, little monsters ... your little monsters ...
That is so true :)
Love comes to you in all forms
Ha! Ha!
Lady Gaga, I’m am 67 years old wife is 65 and we think you are fantastic. What a voice. And after watching your thanksgiving special a few years back you seem like a wonderful person. Keep it up. Would live to see you in person, but probably a little too old....
Serving million Grammys tease
BRASIL LOVE YOU
Soooooooo cute 
OMG, this is cuteness overload. His tail wagging at all the right moments. Priceless 
That was amazing 
Oi Lady Gaga amo suas músicas
Loves this!  
@TomMartindale !!!!
Omg how cute !!!!!
Omg I’m crying
Omgg 
The beautifull
fracassada
Literally me everytime I watch @ladygaga perform. 
Millions of people love you 
Its sounds beautiful i can understand why
@ppeliciari  qnd toca you and I
 nois mesmo
Everyday you give me a million reasons to love you! 
So sweet ahah
haha,your voice stops me in my tracks every darn,time its like listening to a symphony from heaven!.That was a true Goddess performance!
I do promo work for my music and this was one of the videos I had to watch. Someone is promoting @BTWFoundation helping the United way  on YouTube baby! What are the odds I would see this right now. I said that lady is pretty and she reminds me of u and then I found out ha...xo
So cute! He even gets off the bed and close to the TV.  a true fan
THIS IS THE CUTEST THING
Mam u r the most charming lady I know regds renu
FOLLOW ME
Te amo gaga
My kind of companion 
So cute
So cute love it 
O my gosh that’s awesome!! He sensed all your goodness!!!!
Love, love, love!!

Aw
How cute that is.....

@LovatoLover93 my 2 year old nephew who never sits still had the same reaction except he broke down crying and clapping at the end
@christianhooser
@ElyseWillems 
 I did exactly the same thing.
Gaga você é tão fofinha 

TI AMUUUU SUA LINDAAAAA
this is my favorite video of the year. omg

Maybe he thought you were a chicken because of the feathers??? Lol either way, you slayed Grammys!!!!
Hola ..Hello.  acá desde Uruguay escribir.  Pregunto  por qué no hace canciones  más movidas con baile  ritmo  y vídeos.  TAN SERÍA NO VA
I think we've just found Asia's lover...
Follow me please Queen. Y love you 
He knows it’s you! Now that’s love!
Amazing! 
THIS IS EVERYTHING @LexStahl
Hahaha omg

 – at The Hall On Franklin
#DanceByDNCE is out
I love how puppy listened to the word "stay" 
Get better pictures looks like a gost
Hope to see you live
maybe a million. But you only need 1 good one.......
#reasons
Can We Take A Minute To Appreciate Gaga Looking Like A Beautiful Angel Onstage At The Grammys" I'm Speechless, she really is a angel to the world  that's why she was born. 
If u only knew her. She wouldn't give u the time of day.
me as a dog
Your performance that night touched my soul! I recently lost my ex partner who was battling cancer. Your beautiful song “Joanne” for me is a tribute to him!  I am a very big fan of your work!! Every song on every album has helped me through tough times. Forever Monster!!
