#HappyBirthdayLadyGaga  

Its been Amazing seeing you Grow and Evolve through the years! You have a beautiful Soul .Thank you for being a huge inspiration to me and to alot of people!  I you! @ladygaga 
_
ARTWork by Me 

#HappyBirthdayGaga
Did you get your inspiration for this art from SireSasa?
What is that 

Oh these are so cool. I've nevr seen this
He also did one for Born This Way, but he hasn't uploaded any videos in years, I was hoping he would do one for ARTPOP, but he hasn't been active in years
Happy birthday, mom 
We love you gaga! Happy Birthday!
A legend in the making baby 
“Acceptance and kindness”
OMG I Forogt that she even exist after the tour fail.
So did the world
Iconic
Being away was torture I really love you I was never treated crueler  and meaner by  a group of people then team Madonna I don't understand why and I am scarred and injured for life 0*62
2129*
as a result of it and that is the honest-to-god truth David Gaga
I am familiar with pain I was born into world of it it's back mini traumatic experiences as a young boy it always keep one eye open sometimes love blinds  you some people may not like what I said what if it happens to you that  song real means something
@ThomasAndersGoM  wrote a song called diamonds never made a lady as far as I'm concerned a billion dollars does not  make  queen if you are leadng a hate group @ladygaga  @ModernTalking_  @cccatchoff  @DJMAGICD1  @AMORC New World Atlantis new millennium DJ pedigree
House music is now if this time in this date in this moment officially over with as being the standard Club sound and the empathetic new age ancient and modern Atlantean Euro sound disco is the future is the official DJ music
How you ended up  with crappy EDM for The Standard Club mustc was there's no DJ pedigree on Earth that was updated young people weren't listening to the old the old won't listen to Young I did 5 years in music programming and have the Cameron Paul Studio West pedigree
They can come along peacefully or coming on in pieces getting their asses kicked by the pedigree which is the combination of Cameron Paul Bruce Lee Jeet Kune Do Bobby Orlando @giorgiomoroder and Patrick Cowley and updated with @ThomasAndersGoM  Germany sound
The Bobby O sound of of the 80s is the call Foundation of what we do especially the band called The flirts who my current project @Djmagidelic  @george_clinton P-Funk all star band has a record with the lead singer @lindajorizzo  @Official_ZYX it's held up right now
What's holding that up is some yo-yo in Germany named cyberspace decide to take the vocals put different music instead of working something out with me for a remix if you listed as a new product project so I have to take him to court
Happy Birthday 
ilysm 
Honestly, @ladygaga is 
I wanna kiss u but if I do then I might miss u babe
You’re so hot 
Queen!
I agree love lady Gaga!
Happy Birthday!  Thank you for inspiring so many. 
happy birthday. I love you so so much.
Any regrets about working with R. Kelly?
@neesxypathan girl, I thought this was you. 
LITERALLY so many people have said this lmao I wish 
It’s a conspiracy 
Happy Birthday Lady Gaga!!
A couple nose jobs ago, too 
happy birthday my love, I hope not only today, but every day in your life be full of joy and love, you find happiness in every moment of your long life, thank you for everything my angel, thank you for you exist! #HappyBirthdayLadyGaga
Happy Birthday MOM
Happy Birthday, boo. Here we were on your birthday in 2008. Our first show in Miami was done, our first video together was still ahead the next day in LA. Happy birthday @ladygaga.
Happy Bday, love u
Happy birthday gaga Please come to Japan aishitemasu gaga
from JAPAN little monster
aff te amo demais
Happy birthday, Gaga!
Happy Birthday GaGa! 
Happy birthdayLove you 
Kindness?!
The reality is...
happy b-day mother. 
@NachoCantore Me mueroooo subió la foto q estamos hermanadas
AY QUÉ FUERTE. La quiero. Igual, tendría que haber subido la de las dos...
I love 2007 u
happy birthday 
Make a turn at Namibia
You changed the world
happy birthday love  thanks for being an amazing human and continuing to bless us with your music and voice

Ur hot
happy birthday my queen
Happy birthday. Xoxo
Happy to grow old together. Happy Birthday Gaga! 
Legend

I love you so much
oooooh
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM!!! LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!! LITTLE MONSTER SINCE 2007 
I’m so emo rn omg I love you mom and I’m so proud omg Thank you so much Gaga, Happy Birthday queen!

#HappyBirthdayLadyGaga
Happy Birthday my goddess of music. He loved your talent, your magic, your love. You are great my queen.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEGEND
Love you @ladygaga  #Amethyst vibes your speedy recovery. I saw you in Toronto last year. My guy was super impressed. HAPPY BDAY & both can't wait to see you soon! #crystalsrock
@PaulaMonster13 has been supporting you from the very beginniiing!! She really is a fan of yours!!
Awww bb 
Caralho achava q vc tinha cinquentão no mínimo

YESSSSSSSSSS
@muskyhooker remember hanging out with the sexy 7 in middle school when we would all crowd around a desktop computer at someone's house to watch lady gaga music videos wowowowowow
When you perform at Miss Universe  is when I notice that something about you is special
She’s the queen!!!!!
@laauracampos_ 
AMO VOCÊS
@Derya96 she was our age here
I LOVE THE BLACK
@xxCamTheMan

Volta pro preto e faz a era dark fudida
To devastada com a agressiva
E eu to desesperada por música pop
Olha ai @charli_xcx o que vc fez
Sedento pelo pop 3
You are fabulous Lady Gaga.
I have Fibromyalgia also.
Hello baby beautyful
Happy Birthday GaGa!
We love you mama monster
I love you ladygaga and I look up to u your my idol
I was 6 at the time and you don’t even know how much I’ve loved you then and how much I love you now
happy birthday!
Oh my god! Happy birthday
I love you happy birthday! Thank you so much for inspiring me with your musicyour art has taught me that life is worth living and beautiful when you follow your own dreams and be 100% true to yourself, even if that means you stand out GAGA 
Good morning and welcome madam.
WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Happy Birthday to Lady Gaga I wish for a happy life full of successes and awards. I hope to meet you today. I am very happy for you. You are the coolest person. Always listen to your music and always support you with everything. Greetings to your admirer Nasrallah
You little hottie you
Your carreer is dead since your debut
Happy birthday, darling!! You have no idea of how blessed we are for having you! Love you so so much  #HappyBirthdayLadyGaga
Lina Morgana must be rolling  in her grave .
Te amaré por siempre
UR BEAUTIFUL IN EITHER HAIR COLOR!!!
ícone
eres gitana?
fc mi amorcito hermoso de mi vida, pasalo hermoso y sé muy feliz SIEMPRE q no temereces menos q eso, te amo para siempre mi angelito, se me explota el corazón de orgullo y amor cada vez q te veo y no hay nada q desee más q tu bienestar
I love you Gaga
You’re an absolute queen no matter how you look Gaga! I seriously can’t believe it’s been this long and the journey was an amazing one! Can’t wait to see you back and hopefully you’re healthy! Love you
Happy birthday mom!! I love u so much! xoxo 
Happy birthday Gaga You mean the whole world to us. We love you and hope you’re having a wonderful birthday! 
Please look at this thread xo
@ladygaga 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GAGA 

~ I decided to make this video for you and bring little…
Happy birthday iconic legend !! I hope you're doing well and resting up. Many more to you 
@Whooleeohhh she was your age when she released Just Dance wtf 
so skinnnnnyy

Queen
Carly Rae looks so good here
Loving you!
Where you a satanist then? #SpiritCooking #Abramovich
Te amooooooo
I can remember the first time I heard Just Dance (doing algebra homework on my living room floor) like it was yesterday but looking at the impact you’ve made on so many lives.. has it only been ten years?

Wow.
I try all the time to get you to notice me, please follow back
Me gustas de morena, casi mas que de rubia. BSS
Cannot wait for "A Star is Born." Thank you for not giving in to the anxiety and the negative. Thank you for not changing your mind...
Looks like your holding your penis that was removed in that purse
You are #gorgeous @ladygaga ladyHope you enjoyed your day #happyeaster
The beginning of a star! #HappyBirthdayLadyGaga
We are so blessed to have you in our lives. You are an angel. My life is so much better because of you. Hope you had an amazing birthday. You deserve all the happiness in the world. Love you so much!! 
Happy birthday 
#ladygaga Happy Birthday 
You look great as a brunette!
My church staff was shocked to find out that you are one of my favorite singers. They thought someone hacked a thread we were talking about music. Keep singing!
Love you! Such an inspiration for all of us! 
I 100% thought this was Amy Winehouse
Gorgeous
I love you GAGA!!!! THANK YOU FOR BEING YOU!!! Also the awareness you've spread about fibromyalgia and Lupus has been amazing to those of us who also have it. Xoxo keep being you babe!
Happy birthday
Happy birthday beautiful princess!
that picture is pure determination, and that's how you built what you did in the last 10 years, dark or blonde it does not matter
You look like @AmyWinehousc here!
You are beautiful in any color.
@merblerb

SUA PIRANHA GOSTOSA. RAINHA. DONA DO MEU KOO. TE AMO DEMAIS 
volta pro pop kenga quero farofa
Omg I can’t believe I cried seeing this post. I love you @ladygaga you have giving this family of Monsters so much we love you with everything #ladygaga #LittleMonsters #love
YOU’RE A DAMN QUEEN
Last night's blunt stoned quickie xoxo baby gaga whose still this much of a rock star
Happy birthday queen #MillionReasonsxDarkHorseMashupParty
just a good italian girl from new york
Happy for you
speaking of Little Monsters & acceptance, really think you'd dig this: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00GG0MR5E#_swftext_Swf …  #EDM #LGBTExcellence #MDMA
Love the dark hair.
Happy birthday, Gaga!
Queen love you so much
We forgive you, but that doesn’t mean you won’t pay for it one day.
U look better with black hair gagaaaaa. :)
Happy birthday Queen  Love you so much 
Happy birthday hun enjoy your day
Yassss Queen
It was my bday too 3/28 - except I’m ten yrs older. #birthdaytwins #aries #firepower #gaga 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RAINHA DO MUNDO 
Happy 32nd Birthday to my beautiful music/fashion goddess!!! . Thank you so much for the support you have been showing and your act of kindness. Paws up forever I love you more than to the moon and back 

12.18.1974
Xoxo Joanne 
Happy birthday. I'm glad you weren't a flash in the pan. You do not suck and I applaud you for that. Continue being fucking amazing
#bitchcansing
Happy birthday lovely soul. We love you. Keep on spreading light all over this world!
Fantastic
Happy birthday to
Lady gaga, u are my idol, u are probably the best music artist i have ever listened to!! i have been listening to u since i was 4! You are the best
You have bridged a spacious gap with your  xoxoxo
Lol gaga. Hbd dear.
Just Dance was a hot ass jam
たんじょうびおめでとう
Happy birthday Mother Monster! 
Qu est ce qu elle est belle au naturel une vrai femme fatale!!!!! I love toi
U R such a Sexy beauty. My Lady. !!!!

Happy birthday  
I was saved in your. I love you 
I will continue to support you
It’s just good to see you happy with your self. I’m impressed with you all the time. Stay calm and you’ll stay happy 
@gbeargbear2
happy birthday love you 
Happy Birthday
お誕生日おめでとうございます
luv Ya xo
Happy Birthday!!! It’s crazy how much you’ve accomplished so young! I’ll be 32 in September and I’m just lucky I almost have my social work license finally lol 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA I LOVE U MY ÂNGELO
TE AMO! 
You look so much better with blonde hair, IMO! Hope you had a wonderful birthday yesterday too!  xxxx
Happy Birthday and Thank You for making a difference for today's young people by being a strong role model.  We school counselors applaud you. Xx
@kyliehazehara
Happy Birthday  Mother Monster PLEASE LOOK AT ME 
Hi  Gaga I am your little monster since 2008. I have my birth dyslexia. I experienced exclusion because of my discomfort. I came to your concert in Istanbul in 2014. It was so beautiful. I love you so please follow me …
That's a cute look back then it would mean that your were 21. Man,  time flies!
10 years and I still haven’t gotten the chance to meet you  wtf is life 
OMGGG I LOVE YOU SO MUCHH 
So, where am i taking you for your birthday dinner?
You nice love you ok
You're a fucking dope
Fabs dr
Joke lang hakhak, love you sis
Happy Birthday Queen 
Shut up and doing another Just Dance.
I love you! 
We love mother monster
This pic is making me emotional in a very strong way
But what the fuk does she know about cameras?
No matter what colour your is,you are still beautiful.
I love you.
Love u!!!!!!!!
Bitch God bless you you’re everything
I LOVE YOU
You're so great and so real. Blessings. Bad Romance will always be my favorite. Can't stop listening.
MAMA MONSTER 
Te amo bebé  siempre estaré contigo
Happy birthday, Lady. Best wishes.
On ur birthday, I’d like to take some time to think about all of the wonderful times we’ve shared together. 
On occasion of ur 32th birthday, wish u be younger, beautiful and happier. The best wishes including the luck and the best happiness will come to you in the new age.
You were just as beautiful then as now,
happy birthday, gaga! thanks for keep the spark always shining in my heart  im so grateful for your kindness! love you to the moon  #HappyBirthdayLadyGaga
happy birthday queen, thank you for changing my life forever
legendary
Happy birthday gaga
