I love you!! BTW ball tour was the first tour I attended 
Thanks for a beautiful art piece.
How true is that?@pattiheppcardona59
Love yourself.....I hav a difficult time doin so!
The colours, the images are nothing infront of your heart.
I will never forget the Born This Way Ball
and I'm always encouraged by your art.
#Blessèd #Love
Thank you for this tour! It was truly magical. This one changed my life.
Congrats princess stay focused & blessed luv u
Girl hmu fr I'm waitin
AKA BEAUTIFULL!
thank you for every letter thank you for using your beautiful voice to save me from a cruel world I love you and I am grateful for it
AI QUE LINDAAA
obrigada meu amor eu tô torcendo pra q ela veja 
Tomara, bb. Torcendo aaaaaaa <3
I Love You
The best show of Gaga
@ladygaga  Please Come Back Here In The Philippines Our President Now Supports The LGBTQ+ Community <3 <3
You w`ere AWESOME ast Elton's Award Prsentation!!!!
It was a great album. You have to repeat that success! Come on, do it again!
New video of @MelisiaOficial it's wonderful #YoSoyTuMami 
Love you all time gaga
can I get a i love you from my Idol!?
Thank you!!!  

Love your music
Love u Gaga....
Forever support with deeply and heartily
Best tour ever.
the BTWBall was the most perfect show ever  truly blew my mind. you are a legend  love you xx
Being one of the most incredible artists of all time probably doesn’t hurt. 
Go GaGa!!
This show was SOOO amazing!
Fuck I wish we saw this one
@long_t_pham
love
You’ve inspired us all and liberated many. I will follow you forever!  Thank you!

LIKE/SHARE/POST 
ARTIST: @anikaaaamusic
PRODUCER: @ajistall
https://soundcloud.com/anika-k/alone-prod-tmhwks …
For You 
Nike Style Of Lady Gaga @ladygaga  

Queen Of Pop Music Lady Gaga is Back BITCHESSSS @ladygaga @bloodpop 
Follow me?
Yes gaga
queen
Queen°☆
MY MONSTER ARIES BLONDE IN THE MUSIC 
Hi, My friend verey verey thank you. Nill
LOOK AT MY TATTOO 
come to China Queen 
Twickenham 2012, what a night. One of the best shows I’ve ever been to.
Best night/era/show ever. Thank you for the wonderful memories @ladygaga.
We watched your concert Born This Way, my youngest daughter is your avid fan.
It makes me sad that you were probably in a lot of pain during this incredible tour.
flop do Brasil, never forget
This is the tour that I met Gaga and she was so dope rad-ass night!!

I LOVE YOU
Legend


TOUR OF CONTROVERSY AND PUSHING LIMITS
It should read just love yourself, and buy as much #xrp as you can @ripple #xrparmy #xrpthestandard
Best!!!!
Oh the memories
Yaaaaaaass LG6 Is Comeing 
Xoxo_GAGA_xoxo
@kat_love_gaga 

it's the 6 anniversary of the Born
This Way Ball. Such a special time and
such a special show that I will never
forget. At the heart of my art there is a
message. It reads. just love yourself, and
you're set. #
Xoxo_GAGA_Xoxo
@kat_loves_gaga
Bitch where's is the stage stored at that's all I wanna know


Heavy Metal Lover is still one of my fave songs ! So underrated too! I'd love to know where the inspiration behind it came from plus Bloody Mary too - love u GaGa x
you are a great artist !
你太棒了！
God how glad I'm that I got to see this show in my home country, one of the best nights ever.


QUEEN
Always
I want to go back to that time and be back in Paraguay

I wish could have went. Btw big fan
Was there  beautiful memories
I am beautiful in my way~
Large
I love you so much baby

I like how ladygaga's messages are mean8ngful
I was there 
It is very hard to love myself and I cannot figure it out. I love my mom, son, and my family however I don't have no clue how to make myself feel. .?
La última vez que veniste a México!!!
Y la primera vez que te vi en Vivo , fue increíble un Sueño 
llorando ando

Pls go back to that era or The Fame Monster
I really want to see you in concert but I have Epilepsy and I don't  think I could handle the lights. 
I'll never forget this tour. I bawled my fucking eyes out during Electric Chapel 
la mejor era de lady gaga
Lady Gaga 
@ladyLady 

Xoxo_GAGA_Xoxo @Katy_love... - 34?m
Replying to @ladygaga 
I love you 
Lady Gaga 
@ladygaga 

Xoxo, Nico @Ninorockstar29 - 21h 
What color is yours? 

Xoxo, Nico @Ninorockstar29 - 21h
i  love your colours 

Xoxo, Nico @Ninorockstar29 - 19h 
It's blue and grey like hers
Lady Gaga 
@ladygaga 

Xoxo_Gaga_Xoxo @Katy_love... - 21h 
Repling to @ladygaga
GAGA LOOK!!!

Lady Gaga 

Xoxo, Nino @Ninorockstar29 - 21h 
I love your colors! 
Xoxo_GAGA_xoxo @katy_love... - 20h
What color is yours? YAS I love you
Me 2018 
Best tour in my life
i love you 
Missing You 
hope all is well 
Lady Gaga 
@ladygaga 

It's the 6 year anniversary of the 
Born This Way Ball. Such a special 
time and such a special show that 
I will never forget. At the heart of 
my art there is a message. It 
read: just live yoyrself, and 
you're set #
Awesome!
Hello my name is FlyGuyIsaiah may you be my friend. I only have 3. I want to be on TV someday....maybe you may help me by being my friend. flyguyisaiah. God bless, lv you
That was a phenomenal show
My grandma and I went in 2013 and it was such a lovely experience, we love you!
Ughhhh I'd LOVE to go to one of your concerts....but alas, the Southeast isn't really one of your stops...and Atlanta is too far for me to drive lol
Hi  lady gaga  you are my favorite  artist to listen to and I would love to meet you and one day see you in  concert
M
Oollllll
Looo@mooookl
Love you Gaga

you are important to me. I love you so much. It was the best day of my life  (Brazil - Porto Alegre)
I saw you on this tour in Puerto Rico. It was one of the most amazing things I have ever witnessed
Congrats!
Love
I still dream with a oficiall dvd of this fucking tour 
@AdamCWWFC still the best show I’ve been to!! 
Good evening lady gaga hello good to see your feeling better lady gaga yes hope you have a great tour
Masterpiece 
Still the best tour ever! :)
Love you
COME TO BRAZIL CÁ RÁ LHONNN
Obrigado pelo melhor espetáculo que a terra já viu
Tell Me You Love Me, 
So thankful this show brought us together in our shared experiences, as difficult as they were.  Love you.
@PaulFromTX dang!! 6 years
That album and tour are still so Iconic!!
Honestly!
I do love myself it's you I question?
release the born this way ball dvd + princess die studio version to celebrate generous queen 
Please do it again
release the dvd hoe
Mom see this please, I love you so much
@ladygaga, you're a wonderful person.
Thank you for saving and helping many people, thanks also for all the incredible jobs, you have managed to win so many things because you have battled hard and…
@ladygaga in SP Brazil  I miss u !!! Mom, don’t forget .. Brasil  U so much.
OMG! What a Memories! I'll never forget this day! I love U Gaga. 
#KeepWaitingTheBornThisWayBallTourDVD 
هلا
You sing it so well . This coming from a old fart of 61 says a lot.


Gdzie wtedy byłaś
#SelfLove
 the best experience of my life
Awesome Girl
6 years since you brought me on stage and we sang Born This Way together at your piano and you changed my life forever  Thank you so much for everything, again
6 anos desse hino de tour que proporcionou o melhor dia da minha vida e eu sou grata pra sempre por isso e tudo que esse dia significou
I remember wanting to go really bad when I was 7 and I couldn’t! I would watch all your performances and be amazed 
The Born This Way Ball was where I debuted The Disco Unicorn, and I've been riding that Highway ever since.
Paws up baby   #bornthisway
No one can beat the Born This Way Ball. Just saying facts.
I needed to hear that, know it wasn't really for me but thank you.
@ladygaga You will never know just how much we love and adore you Mother Monster. You mean everything to us & make the world a far brighter, more colourful and caring place. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. #Bubbledreams gorgeous, I love you so much  xoxox
this little monster is planning her Golden-Dirty-30 for Vegas...TO SEE YOU! Will there be a show Sat Dec 29th or Sun 30th?! #dyingtobuyticketsNOW #planningBDAYaroundGAGA #pawsup
I LOVE U SO MUCH GAGA
It’s been 6 years 
What The DVD this tour 
I will always be amazed by you! I saw you in concert in St.Louis Missouri, it has been several years now. You were just getting ready to release you and I. I thought then and will always believe that was and will be the best concert I have seen or will see. You are awesome!
Yes queen! Epic! I will never forget seeing this show. :)
Memories
:P Collab again
Ooom
LADY GAGA.. YOUR BEAUTIFUL
@samdix_  
Oh my god !!!! The best day ever
Best tour EVER!
So success  performance
I never forget Born This Way Ball in Russia !The best concert in my life 
wow! crazy imagery! love it. always a great entertainer!
É kiridinha 6 anos te esperando voltar pra fazer show aqui e vários nada ainda só pode que tá esperando completar 10 né
Born this way is my song!  seeing how it was released on my birthday 
A-yo
Yasss we stan a non dvd releasing Queen
Hi so good move Up nice pick Lol Love oyeaah up Go yeah chill my Lol Love nice audio pick
When we can expect edition 2.0?
One of the best experiences of my life was being there to see the Born This Way Ball. 
Gaga bike
That album and lead song confirmed my admiration for all gaga.  Thank you.  And beautiful statement you sent here.
Ugh one look and tears fall 

Luv this era.
I literally just listened to this song.
Wow thanks again
Words can’t express how inspirational you/your music have been in my life. Your journey has impacted my life in ways you can’t imagine. I am thankful for #Glee, because if it wasn’t for that iconic show it probably would’ve taken me longer to find you. Thanks for all you do

great inspiration. born this way
Unfortunately canceled 2 days before my show 
Sao Paulo 2012 i was there! we love u 
we will never forget this tour gaga 
This show was insane. I had the privilege of seeing it in Paris but many other people in the US never got to see it. You should release it on @netflix or in BluRay so everyone could see it. Best @ladygaga production ever @HausOfGagaTeam
I LOVE U SOOOOO MUCH  MOM
esse dia foi doido e eu nunca vou esquecer, te amo revolucionária do pop 
