We love you Trump! This Latina will be voting Trump!
Ok Miss housekeeping
"Becky" huh? Ok Miss "my profile picture was stolen from a wig website" #fake
Trump Girls are the best!!!
We got each-other's backs
hilldogs gotta call Becky with the good hair 
Or in this case...Becky with the good wig
Congrats for next president of u s a
Someone please put a Brazzers logo in that image
ese humor no te lo robo

good
"urban renewal"? I guess that's part of grooming you to be a proper president? You like to use"ghetto" people don't forget
PRAYING!!!!!!
So wonderful.  You care about ALL of America's people.
I hope you can bring all of the call centers back to the USA from India and Philippines
Please share
sexoffender
Bring companies back to the US like Kaiser still in Eagle Mountain California.
we with u 100%..God save this country
If you could pilot your helicopter solo you'd make a more perfect villain.
starting with the feuher trump.  Sig heil!  Add.
A room of a black folks with @realDonaldTrump? Looks a bit fishy to me.
are ya watchin the World Series
it is Rigid Donald don't be foolish she made this happen on purpose, Hillary wants to try make people feel sorry for her
:3
Great to see all of Charlotte's African Americans who support DJT in the same room--very inspiring!!!
gudniet sir
come on my Twitter account and vote for who u think would be our next president of 2016
ok, with what?
sexual predator u should be in jail.
Too little, too late from a man sued for discriminatory housing. U marked apt apps w/ a "C" for "colored". Bet u wish they were classified.
GIVE IT UP, FINE A DAY JOB
both liberty and justice for all! Hillary subject to blackmail over emails they expose her vote no to #CrookedHilary
Hillary shit herself after last debate! "Nasty lady!" Vote Trump!

Did you see that homeless Lady who sat on your star & protected it from further destruction, till Fixed?
YOUR BEST SPEECH EVER.
love ya man

Effe YEAH!!  10K retweets and 25K likes.  Ohhhhh boy let's get this STARTED!!!
So glad DC has a black following. HC tries to tell us that ALL blacks hate DT. That devil is a liar.
selfish fool all u care about is urself!
I'd rather slam my fingers in the car door than listen to your speech
http://www.ebay.com/itm/4X-32mm-T10-194-168-W5W-Ice-Blue-COB-LED-Silica-Super-Bright-LED-Light-Bulb-/162253329040?ssPageName=STRK:MESE:IT …
very lovely people, all come together with respect. Trump 2016!
praying for you Mr. Trump and Team. America needs you . Can't handle any more of that wicked evil Hillary/ obuma.
Great job!!!
Winning.  #VoteTrump
what a speech said nothing. Got that speech on. Bumper sticker
The left is grasping for straws!!! They thought they had the election in the bag!!!  They r so wrong!! Keep fighting!!!
Donald, how many lies did you tell them today?
PRAYERS GOING YOUR WAY FROM A DEPLORABLE LATINA IN FLORIDA.MUST NOT LET CROOKED CLINTON'S BACK IN WH. God guide you! 
Might i Also add, I Use to be a devout Dedmocrat -Democrat&HRC-Thx to the "Anything Goes Party" Na No thx Im out,4Ever Out
Keep on Trucking Donald.
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/08/28/us/politics/donald-trump-housing-race.html …

Did you forget to mention this?
Love U DTrump,Hang In There,Use sugar as u administer the bitter pill of truth,The truth offends,HRCs using blk ppl 4 votes
best speech ever must see
Speech is the ability to express thoughts & feelings by articulate http://sounds.You  do not have that ability! You're welcome.
@SheriffClarke The fb connection for the Charlotte speech is being closed at the 7 minute mark.
@SheriffClarke Voted today for the RIGHT PERSON
@SheriffClarke Thank you NC from TX #maga #draintheswamp
@SheriffClarke Thank you Mr. Trump...we are with you all the way!
hit Clinton on Obama care premiums secretary state failed 4 years. Clinton foundation, liar, polls are not true.
this was an awesome speech..sincere...more of the same please-home stretch...no distractions...say what's in ur
Good Job!Shows how smart,caring&dedicated you areBlacks,Whites,Hispanics,Asians ALL support U, will make this cntry strong
Renew this first
Donald Trump assualts woman ?
TRUMP/PENCE
Yeah keys get rid of early voting and stop ALL dead people from voting.
Donaare great I believe in you,  you will work for the people!!
You don't even know what that term means, you absolutely make me ill.  You keep on telling ur lies, it'll catch up with u
You should suggest donating $49 to ur campaign, to get their name on the wall ur going build.
Republican  all the way !  President Donald J Trump 2016 , yeah !
seni başkan yapacağız
delete your account
blacks don't care racist
https://youtu.be/ZurTgx_ZE50 
#MAGA
you have not put over $100 million yet.  Quit lying!
thank you thank you! For healing the WHOLE country. Has Hillary sat down with urban leaders to figure a solution?
Trump/Pence essential to save this nation from destruction of the Constitution  .
When there is murder, strife, unrest, protests, terrorism, blood in the streets, Hillary Clinton capitalizes and controls!
Proud of DONALD Trump 
Americans need you to be President Obama impeach Comey Lynch Kerry traitors Clinton 
Criminal Trump
Can't wait for you to save those poor black and spanish people.
Blacks and Hispanic & Latinos know Hillary is a Con-Job
you got them coons eating out your hand
a speech that is full of shit because the presenter doesn't know what the HELL he's talking about!!!
What do you know about Urban renewal? Nothing unless it benefits you!
Wonderful. #MAGA
TRAITOR TRUMP ADMITS WANTING TO DESTROY OUR DEMOCRACY. SAYS IT WILL BE REPLACED.  TRAITOR TRUMP WANTS FASCIST DICTATORSHIP.
Come on NC! Stand up to the deep political corruption of the establishment! Be BOLD, be HEARD! Be true to your heritage NC!
Central Oregon has issues with urban renewal. You get it! Vote Trump
can you give. My son a job that lazy liberal bastertard
ur the Nixon Reagan
play ground organizer. Obama
your are hope
5% my ASS!! The Black community is not ignorant like MSM SAYS!! The Black Americans will Make America Great Again! TOGETHER
@MikePenceVP is doing pretty well at his rallies, too! Awesome job, guys!
USA will be isolated if Donkey Trump come to a power.
Donald you truly Care about the People .
really but you don't want to raise minimum wage give me a break drip drop
U may want to start by not discriminating in housing, talking like all black live in the worst part of inner cities.
How many minutes on "poor me"!#Bigotnarcissist


You love blacks, women and all minorities, right?
keep charging on you will win and we will win with you get them
Thank you for fighting for the USA. A true NYorker
my family already voted for Trump in Charlotte nc!
/ if you tell the general public that with all the money you save. .you will give a 40% raise on thier social security
how much did you pay them to sit near you?
@Hollyogoodman Missles to our enemy please vote Trump
EUROPE IS IN A SHAMBLES N WE R NEXT 
PLS MAKE US PROUD N VOTE Trump
Yes, please vote. They need it for statistical analysis. Your vote doesn't count anyway.
FINALLY, A TRUE LEADER LIKE KING DAVID IN THE BIBLE, A MAN AFTER GOD'S OWN HEART WHO LOVES GOD, HIS FAMILY, AND ALL WHO DO
But you did see their vote awww amazing dump lump
Black America, don't fall for more of the same! Give Trump a chance - you won't regret it! #BlackLivesMatterToDonaldTrump
http://www.etonline.com/news/200231_donald_trump_allegedly_made_sexual_comments_to_marlee_matlin_lisa_rinna/ …
@Hollyogoodman frm
Our own HILLARY Clinton yes the same one
Running for our President giving massive
Destruction Stinger
@Hollyogoodman keep
Fleeing bc they can't fight isis bc of the weapons they hve the dreaded Stinger Missles given to isis
HRC=illegal server/deleting, WikiLeaks/Pay for Play, lying to FBI and Congress, paying violent protesters

If I were Hillary, I'd cut this Trump interview into an ad and air it on Fox to demoralize Republicans. https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/790323912290684930/video/1 …
NC needs Trump
@Hollyogoodman on
Reporting thr high incidence of gang rape in
Every country  Russia n US r not bombing
Isis right now men
@Hollyogoodman letting
In more n more n its the UN on H pushing
Thesr countries to keep letting thm in tht
MEDIA R SILENCED
Reasons to Vote for "Deplorable" Donnie
@Hollyogoodman 
Gang rapes in Europe r having an in increasingly high amt of gang rape  UN forcing these countries to keep

@imwithher Full of word salad
damn you got all your black supporters in one room and one of them still white
Orange buffoon
Way to go keep up the good work
You're not even close N. Carolina. She's running a real campaign, you're just marketing your brand, and failing. Clown
Stop talking frivolous stuff and listen to you advisers and blast Hillary on every issue on WikiLeaks
Love you donald trump we want to see you upcoming president of America.
Love and Respect from india
WRONG
keep going Nr Trump do not reply to Hillary camp
Great speech! @realDonaldTrump really cares about all Americans. We either sink further with HRC or turn USA around w/TRUMP
CNN ALWAYS Follows the Money like Crooked Hillary while Trump "Under Budget, Ahead of Schedule"
Russian warplanes reportedly bombed US base in Syria | http://fxn.ws/29ZagSk 
Loved the speech yesterday.  Obamacare a mess, my son cannot get a hospital for his baby to be born in.  Please help us!!
Good for you - you're a big grown up boy, Donnie.
WoW the BEST SPEECH EVER...REPEAT IT AGAIN
UNITE BEHIND @realDonaldTrump !!! 

Prove the liberal media polls wrong!! #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA @Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
