Oh. I get it. THIS is the tweet when you start acting Presidential.
real mature to call co workers clowns . Lol what a baboon
your all like the dog that caught the car. You won & have the power to repeal/ improve on OC. 
What's the new plan man?
But what about Chuck Schumer's nipples?  Can you go into detail about that so I can know if he was truly clown like?
but speaking of nipples showing...
All of your tweets sound like the rants of a petulant child, especially those that rely upon name calling and untruth.
Call out all of these Bozos  MAGA
Dear President Elect Trump, please remember you are now the leader of ALL of America. Your job is to unite not divide!
plz dnt blame anything fr anyone..if u r a true leader then just show ur glimpse f gud works toward people..
5-7 minutes between tweets.
thought you were head clown???
Your level of disrespect is truly appalling. 
Grow up you juvenile.
GOP opposition to original ACA made it a 'mess'. GOP have had 7 yrs to come up with something better. So what's the plan?
Trumpcare ="Don't get sick. I prefer people who don't get sick. If you do get sick, die quickly"
THIS IS NOT AN APPROPRIATE REMARK FOR A PRESIDENT. WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO GET SOME DIGNITY? YOU ARE SHAMING THE ENTIRE USA
please learn how to spell
we will all be head by King clown Jan 20th. Such a dork....
it is 7.02am. Don't you sleep? Damn!
Keep up the great work
Schumer has your number. He can bat his eyes at you, tell you you're pretty and gaslight you like Putin has done so well.
It isn't name-calling if it's true.
This is an incomplete sentence.
Health Insurance should not be mandatory. That needs to change!
blah blah blah blah.
shut up with the war cries and tell us how you'll fix it, you whiner
there's only room for one head clown and you're it
You call for unity but then refer to a prominent Democrat as "head clown." That's not presidential, it's just immature.
Tough shit. They called Bush hitler.
Which Democratic president called Bush Hitler? @realDonaldTrump is name-calling like a middle-schooler. Time to shape up.
I didn't say President. Trump is not like the politicians before him. That's how he won.
exactly! He's more embarrassing
hasn't served a day in office. You keep on being a little lamb. Adorable.
And you keep marching toward the slaughter. Despicable. @uibread @realDonaldTrump
So paranoid. You never watched a trump rally once. Just waited for CNN to tell you what's what. Good luck.
Traitor. Liar. Mueller
The other liberal type of presidents we have had in the past has let things slide too much, it's about time we have a president who takes a.
@seanhannity Let us introduce you to "Karma". Apologize to all the people you insulted, maybe then they will work with you.
The GOP is lead by head up his ass...you!
Cross the aisle and give it to them. When they turn it down, you win!
Oh grow up folks, leave Donald Trump alone he has done more the American people, and Christians of this great nation than anyone else has!
That's okay baby needs to be burped and oh by the way get prepared and get measured for your jumpsuit you and your family prison-bound baby Trump
You need your mouth wash out with soap dmc nasty
Takes a clown to know a clown.
That's bullying.
Mueller has Preibus' hand written notes. Tick tock..........
Does your bib match your XXXL Depends?
How quickly trump can throw you under the bus !!!!
Lead by?
All this from the evil monster who gleefully boasted that he kicked 13 million families off their healthcare with his tax cut for billionaires and from his party that refused to deal with CHIP leaving millions of kids without coverage
Shitty Donald speaks!!
YOU are sabotaging it, not the Dems. You're hurting THOUSANDS of ppl. Be fair for once. Work across the aisle and FIX IT
.... a stand, country and at things that hindering our great nation, he has done more than Obama and Bush in less than a year! Don't be..
Belated congrats on the "Badfeel and Looseface"action last week.  Another one of those Wins, right?!
Well done.
I voted for you & I believe in you but your twitter commentary is embarrassing to say the least. Please reign in nonsense
Your voted for this! Did you not see how he acted while campaigning?!  #trumpregrets ??
Or for the last 25+ years? This is not new. This is him. Own it.
.@realDonaldTrump You are a horrific example of a human being. What is wrong with you? Never mind answering, we know #littledicksyndrome
President Trump is your leader respect him!!
Hey , Donald Trump @realDonaldTrump   . I'm an immigrant . Let me teach you English. The Democrats, LED by... @SenSchumer @ananavarro @CNN
Because calling someone a clown is a brilliant way to get them to work with you.
It's not your fault.
The govt is run by both Dems and Reps. Stop driving a wedge between the two and be the POTUS to unite. Step up and lead.
this "clown" is winning with America. you? not really

it looks like Obama is pondering that exact statement...
@MELANIATRUMP needs to put @realDonaldTrump @ TOP OF HER #ANTI-BULLY campaign pledge! Yes, MT it starts with #name-calling! #GetAGripKid
.@realDonaldTrump We always know when someone's gotten under #trump's skin: when he starts name-calling like an 8yr old. Kudos @SenSchumer
Coal Miners Who Voted ‘ @realDonaldTrump '
Now Begging To Keep Obamacare
#Fraud #Liar #draintheswamp
And it wakes up for the morning
almost certain that he's sitting on the shitter
Hope #MikePence is there and waiting to wipe 
Pence is his turd clipper
lol now that is too much info, maybe #Putin is there to hold his balls, if he has any
Lol. 
Act like a fucking president already. Insulting members of Congress is childish and unnecessary.
as a response to Schumer doing the same thing yesterday dipshit
Not defending Schumer. Just saying a President should rise above petty insults and schoolyard taunts.
The president of the last 8 years should rise above his support of terrorist nations
Well that's completely irrelevant to my point. Also, not accurate.
800% Gave Iran path to nukes and $150 billion
Your brain is divided into distinct areas - try using the human, not the reptile part.
Try using the common sense part and not the I'm a liberal idiot part
is this cause he said you guys aren't friends or cause he said he's gonna block your SCOTUS pick?
Yashar, first are you that obtuse? Obamacare is a joke!
this is in reference to him calling Schumer head clown
Trump calling Schumer a clown is like Bozo calling Ronald one.
dude, you're the president soon. You've got to work with these people. Please lead with your best foot forward.
although if they mean take him out of office I'm on board
I don't know where you get off saying I endorse fake wars and killing? I'm sorry you got hat impression.
that's a false generalization
You're the future POTUS. Can you stop the damn name calling? I'm trying to teach my students to stop. You're not helping.
I really worry for our kids with the example that he is setting. #MakingAmericaHateAgain
If @SenSchumer had to use Obamacare perhaps he'd feel differently. My costs have tripled. Services diminished. Lost doctor.  Good riddance.
MA has improved Romneycare over the years. Attempts to improve ACA; Congress did nothing. @realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer
BarryCare was a lie from the beginning.
We've had in Massachusetts for over 10 years; Romneycare. @robmtaub @realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer
Started very similarly & improved over time.  @robmtaub @realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer
BarryCare's architect admits it's a lie. RomneyCare wasn't. BarryCare is structured to fail and lead to single payer. Enjoy!
Had Congress worked on improving (they had chances) could work out kinks. 1/2  @robmtaub @realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer
That would've gone against their policy of making Obama a 1 term president. 
And isn't he cute using "barrycare"? How clever. #MouthBreather

More I'll advised rotten partisanship !Obviously all they care about ! Not change gears to get way better medical plan !!
we are doomed because of you. When the shit hits the fan on your watch, there will be no one left to blame.
PUTIE PUPPET

stop the madness
Chuck Schumer, a clown & the Media are liars, etc....

These are words from your next President!
Him and Polosi the disaster team
you were busy yesterday with tweets! Feeling scared? Or nothing better to do that bash others that don't agree?
@KellyannePolls  Replace the Federal Government Insurance with Medicaid and Medicare
does your 10 year old son Baron name call and bully like his Dad?
How is #DonaldCare working out?
don't forget you serve democratic constituents if you can take a moment from serving yourself.

(Democrats ) your all a bunch of damn cry babies.
"Head clown" says Fuckface Von Clownstick. #shortfingeredvulgarian
You are the real clown.  I hope you and all your cronies are impeached soon.
With all respect may I ask what your thoughts are on the federal reserve and their subtle enslavement of people worldwide?
the damage will take decades jimmy Carter all over again #DJC
you do know that presidents don't typically use that language to describe colleagues they have to work with?!!!!!

LOL yeah kind of like how the GOP approved Obama's nod for supreme court. as usual, you are a complete hypocrite
You're The Biggest CLOWN on the Planet. #Trumpkin  Oompa Loompa ... #Resign You made a better Clown on tv. 
at least we had something! No help from the republicans in the last 8 years and still no plan!
The middle class ty. ACA encourages people to live below poverty level to get health insur. In AZ one hlth plan, 4x $.Sham!
TY News needs to report that you stopped mergers of insurance companies, which would have created even higher premiums.
head clown chuck schemer..so true
Make America great sgain POTUS
was there ever a @POTUS before who acted as much as a dangerous head clown?
They are desperate, let them protest, they will lose, your policies will win. I am behind you!
#lostmyinsurance.# NOW Trump Care
Please tell Barron he did a great job at the Inauguration! Very sweet boy you have Mr. President!
that may,but the head clown for the Republican #akathedonald hasn't got a clue
Good morning Mr President, as an emigrant I cannot wait to see you make America great again
; Namecalling doesn't belittle the opposition it belittles you!
Chuck Schumer is a total clown!
I LIKE TO Say I'm From Canada And SUPPORT You 100 Percent And ALWAYS will truly like you sir.I have great respect for you
sooooo did u come up with a more affordable care act yet or nah?
President Trump, is it possible to ban all the protesters?
The clowns act like grade school kids! Ridiculous! "If I don't get my way, I'll get you!"
very disrespectful. Is this how u plan to unite America? By calling anyone who disagrees with you names?
Only one way to fix healthcare and everyone is dying for it: http://dailycaller.com/2017/01/16/former-hospital-chief-cure-for-healthcare-sticker-shock-unites-republicans-and-democrats/ … #Obamacare #Trump #Healthcare
Never let the fox guard the hen house.  Big Pharma wrote the bill and paid themselves.
Chuck Schumer is more of a MAN than YOU will EVER BE.
50% of the country are democrats. please stop generalising. it only plays into disunity and political divisiness
easy make them go on it then it will change
enough with the name calling and try and act like a grownup
They would rather blame Russia.
,Chuck Schumer is a joke .
name calling is being a bully and you fit the word
Who do you think benefited from this ? The Insurance Company's.What leaders invested Stock in the Healthcare agenda ?
Have them play by Judy Collins "Send in the Clowns" when Dems come in from their Caucus.  Perfect song for Dems!
You should have Judy Collin's song Send In The Clons. Played
Perfect song for Dems/progressive-liberal/SecularHumanist(pagan religion)/Socialist/Communist Party.
you creep me out Mr Trump I wake each morning praying your election was just a nightmare
O'care was BROKEN yesterday. They will blame Donald Trump tomorrow for it.
poor you.
You're projecting. Look in the mirror to see the real clown!
Show everyone all the details of any new plan before doing anything. Expound on the tax credit in the new plan.
Name calling.  From the POTUS. Nice.
those Americans whom r receiving payments especially those ones w/pre-exisiting conditions that were deemed uninsurable &
you see you and your people are rich but there are hardworking people who can't afford to pay for medical
Do you read the stats?  Do you understand stats?  How long do you think your lies will fly?  ACA is working.
LIAR! They want to work to fix it. If you want to repeal it's all on you.
keep up the good work!!!
cant wait til you get your briefing tomorrow bcuz i already know you will reject it
ProACA need to understand the real ACA We pay a monthly Fee, just can not the $8k ded to use it. We now pay every penny too
your wife is a clown she's a stripper with no clothes on magazines.  She not my 1st lady . Michelle Obama will always be.
you whining baby.  You have a thin skin and no scope of an idea of the office you won.
we're waiting 4 ur so called "genius brain" & GENERALS 2 unseat M7 #trump #Uganda #2017
Dems could have fixed #Obamacare with Republicans. @SenateMajLdr McConnell held out hand to help from Day One! #memoryhole
shut up
You sound like one of your trolls on facebook
Why Democrats care about ObamaCare they are all on super health schemes
Please stop calling people names. You are teaching a generarion of children that it is ok to be a bully.
@BigStick2013 thank you for being my President and one America needs to get job done
are you really going to continue to act like a spoiled brat, even as Prasident? (Notice how I spelled your new title)
stop calling people clowns. You'll never get others to work together, with that immature un-presidential behavior.
Let's face facts people, ObamaCare is a federally run program plain and simple.We've all know this for along time #Iowa2018
clown head Trump buys some charlatan to say he's gonna be the healthiest prez ever . Talk about FAKE!
clown head Trump with shirts made in China release your damn tax info!
I taught my children at a very young age not to call ANYONE names. Shame on you
The use of the IRS to target those who disagreed with Obamacare is scandalous and unconscionable.
Legitimate pricing would instantly slash healthcare costs
I love your presidentialness. Head Clown? I thought that was you.
Fuck you you son of a bitch. My wife is going to lose her healthcare because of you. I hate you with every fiber of my soul
@realDanoIdTrump
Name calling is a form of bullying. Play fair and listen to Melania about bullying
Obamacare is the only reason my private tutor has insurance. If he didn't have it he wouldn't have any kind of coverage.
what is your need to belittle those less fortunate? Why is your charity fake? Why did you give white power their platform?
let's get it on a ballot.   Better yet get schemer on a ballot
labeling people the way you do is not worthy of a president. I can not belive you are set for 4 yrs in The Oval Office.
not
They have tried to fix it. LIAR - The GOP plays games with Americans lives and health - YOU TOO - BIGLY!
You are going to put small business owners like myself out of business by taking away our health care!
people will die if they lose their health insurance and it will be on you. You have to be thoughtful and SMART about this
