Obamacare is a huge lie.. and yet, the left STILL defends in spite of evidence that it is destructive. #Blind
Obamacare is fine check the insurance companies for the devastation they are causing
there has never been a successful socialist society. There is the worst division of elitist and all others are peons!
With health repeal turn the abortion/pill pay to StateTake yourselve out of loop. Let God sort the choice out
@Rickm_29 You can't make sense out of nonsense & you can't fix stupid!
Did you live under rock for the last 8 yrs.
Also learn proper punctuation!
Is this proper FO
Is it?
You don't read anything, do you? It was true until the Insurance carriers took a right turn.
Now, release your tax returns.
shit up trump ur not my president so go look out ur window at all the women trying to talk to u
watching you today when I got home from work you brought tears to my eyes when the paralyzed vets came throughproud 
marketplace
My health ins company decided 2 drop individualcoverage in NJ Just left the state & I'm not even in Ocare! #Abolish
agree i work for dr office we have lost money people come in have ins we file it pays then asks for refund
"you can keep your doc., you can keep your plan"definition of scandal
Prepare for health care for the sick who are wealthy & coffins for the sick who are poor. Welcome to America under Trump.
wants to privatize everything. How about Trump Insurance instead of Obamacare?
It's OK in TrumpUSA to hack & leak private emails.
It's OK to lie, cheat, & steal too. #TrumpIsAJoke #NotMyPresident
yep new style of government ! A joke like trump!
the doctors for political reason decided not to take obama care. That was not a decision of the government. It was politics
get rid of the whole damn thing so the working class can afford it again. @tired of paying for dead beat bumbs!!!
Republicans have voted 60x to repeal Obamacare. They will be responsible for the chaos in the insurance market
so what is your plan? You know premiums went up because a lot of sick people now have healthcare, right?
whydon't you modify it towards better than throwing billions in waste
2 parrots f'ing is glossed over because of ur creepery
You mean "Keep your doctor " . Meanwhile it's scam time for fun and profit insurance
he please check carefully watching the Russian intelligence intervention and should not handle this thing stern
vast majority of Americans actually LIKE ACA because have insurance finally & cant be denied or dropped for pre-ex conds
. I cant wait. In fact why wait till Feb? Drive an ax in that snake on the afternoon of the 20th.
Or like the kids that shoved the hanger up the black kid's ass???  Get a real job...
RACE issues start with stupid talk like this! Why cant we LEAVE COLOR OUT - bad dudes are everywhere

Thanks Steve, now maybe you should research how @NYPD classifies its data.... Cheers!
another thing, NYC has NEVER been "white". That includes prior to Plymouth Rock
Pls Mr President reunite this Country!
Mr. President, if you would be so kind as to accept the request for papers for my family
proof your tweets, pls.
WRONG
Hey, @realDonaldTrump why don't you hold a press conference so we can hear you answer questions instead of obviating on Twitter?
because the media can not be trusted! Tweet away @realDonaldTrump
Ha! Yes, of course. Only your dear fuhrer can be trusted to tell you the truth. SUCKERS!
I do my research on all sides. Make my own choices! My choice is to #MAGA
Stop tweeting.
it's unbelievable we finally will have a transparent president and now everyone complains about it. Unreal!
when you say transparent, what you mean is that he lies openly.
@showdog2000 putz.
You are right
funny how the low class are  beating up on Trump for tweets by tweeting. .........lmfao wow
Donnie "no class" rules through lies and deceit!
Do I have time to run to ththe bathroom before the next tweet?
god I hope not the suspense is killing Mr
About me going to the bathroom??? It's just a number one.
So pathetic
Sorry I had to pee!
he actually didn't. Hillary won the popular vote. Which is the system we should use anyways.
Why, becuz your candidate lost? Know what winning looks like? It's winning 90% of the counties.
I can't handle the suspense!
have all these people crying forgot that the exchanges didn't work or that out deductibles have doubled. My insuranc sux.
the GOP has zero interest in the American people.  They represent the insurance companies.
come on Donny one character at a time...you..... can...... do......it.....
Repeal ALL!

President Donald J Trump!

Get rid of Everything Obama did!

#MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
-sbar news.,u don't represent & shouldn't even try to tarnish our beautiful city with any liking of DRUMPF
Your crime ridden city like Chicago, LA, San Fran... CA now allows child prostitution, perverts
Well the , we'll do our best to keep YOU OUT 
No worries, I have no intention of going to any of those locations voluntarily..
.@realDonaldTrump The Cure for Cancer is out. The government is a system. #STAYWOKE
It's easy to take credit for things in which you had no say or part. It's hard to actually do things.
 @realDonaldTrump
But we have to pass it, Nancy never read it neither did Obama.
and your new bill will be essentially the same with some tweaks, TrumpCare. Part of the circus.
Good luck improving Obama care.  Please stop name calling.  #unpresident
#Obamacare #is #still a #lie @realDonaldTrump  #Healthcare #USA
Just like you're doing the "political thing". Telling parents one thing then doing another.  Call Your Senators. #StopDeVos
that line is getting old. . .
we can be patient
50 trump electors voted illegaly, congress must object the votes
https://twitter.com/Parker9_/status/810294369383235584/video/1 …
Coal Miners Who Voted ‘ @realDonaldTrump '
Now Begging To Keep Obamacare
@CatherineHatf19 @realDonaldTrump Elections do have consequences.
#Deplorables Trust @realDonaldTrump ,even after the Deception&Defrauding acts towards Americans.He can do no WRONG with them.
I like the video of you liberals following BoBo into the hole. Stay there & don't come out...
You sold out to Putin little traitors.
#DeplorablesForTRUMP
Haa, at least DT has real Americans backing him.... we follow a true leader.. watch us roll
ACA was created by Obama not to help the people  but rather to serve his own ego and legacy which is why the voters repudiated it.
The voters repudiated eh?  So explain why an overwhelming majority of Americans want it kept and fixed....not repealed....
, They Don't . Have you met ur deductible Yet? And the cost is going way up again!
Wow...from the dark ages (2 months)...ok....yes, I met my deductible.  And still, the latest news is that the ACA is +50%...
Want to know what "it is"??? Find out AFTER THE BREAK!
it is the "political thing".
is there time to get popcorn during the Tweet intermission?
Microwave yes
Donald would know al about lies wouldn't he? Pot meet kettle.
What did DT lie about? B specific. We know BoBo has lied...
Infidelity/affairs, mob ties and financing, Ted Cruz's father
You have proof?
OMG, you've got NERVE to talk about LYING! You lied about protecting LGBTQ Americans. Coward & a liar. #Sad
you blame people everyday! Oh the media, oh the congress, oh Mr Obama. For christ's sak! 
and what are you doing? Blaming!  2 wrongs don't make a right.  Cowboy up, Mr. President
America, voted for TRUMP!

gary,....America, voted for TRUMP!
#TheResistance
congress NEEDS to interrogate @realDonaldTrump like they did Clinton during the Benghazi/Email hearings.. THIS #RussiaHacking is NO joke
trump is deflecting 
weNEED 2 #DumpTrump  

kind of hypocritical for you to be talking about blaming someone
I am a retired  USN Chief Petty Officer. My wife and support u 100 per.
Lov Trump
then how ''typical you are
Traitorous Trump @realDonaldTrump must be MOST typical politician since he lies  ALL of the time. Man, he only opens his mouth to change feet!!!
.  So true!
the Democrats know Obamacare was an unmitigated disaster but will crush the American people to save his "legacy"
Trump University was an unmitigated disaster. The ACA is a flawed system that can be improved.
 comparing the two? Are you HIGH!?
I know, right. 1 of those things gave 25 mil. ppl health care - the other, a plot to steal $ from young ppl.
Obamacare stole from the entire country but it's okay, it's going in the trash where it belongs :-)
Poor little . Ur going to be VERY disappointed when that doesn't happen. DT is playing you like a . Sad.
by doing what he said he would do? It's what we voted for  keep on playin Don!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain = return to 1950s values. Hope u know what ur fighting 4. White supremacists sure do.
trent loves Mr President Trump!,..... America, voted for TRUMP!
see that's where you're wrong, he lost the popular vote by 3 million
right,.....AMERICA, voted for TRUMP!
he's not wrong though
yeah, I'm not wrong,...Trump is President America, voted for TRUMP!
America**

**the minority of America
Trump is President for ALL Americans,....America, voted for TRUMP!
everyone else will have to get they insurance only they will have choices
high premiums higher deductibles less coverage AND top off with a huge fine if you don't.please keep your promise
-Back into your PINhead delustional world! Entire O'care a "lie" -sheer nonsense! Where were Reps for ACA reform last 6 yrs?
The biggest American liar is you Trump; a liar and a joke!
agree
Don't pay any attention to these idiots on here!!
I KEPT MY DOCTOR AND MY PLAN AND PAID LESS. SO THERE!
it's funny when you tweet about other people BLAMING others when that's literally ALL you do.  
OBAMA N THE ILLUMINATI UNITED NATIONS ROMAN EMPIRE R ABOUT TO BE DESTROYED ALONG WITH THE FALLEN ANGELS THE KING IS COMING
He already has grown up stupid. Hahahahahahaha! Now he just needs to grow up!! Hahahahahahahaha!
Republicans don't care for ppl, else, they would have passed something before ACA.  Now they just want to tear it down.
I bet U don't have one; an actual thought out plan; not a tweet but a written plan that has been researched and analyzed.
Unconstitutional and all those that signed for it committed treason period by law.
health care must be a right not a privelege.
What I KNOW as FACT without ObamaCare I would be DEAD!!! Thank you Obama!
You forgot the Rep. stopped Obama from putting together a good plan
Obama's speech writers would agree, except they're laughing about it..... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkqn6wsrUfs …
BULLSHIT! I KEPT MY DOCTOR ON ACA!
Will you guarantee no annual nor lifetime cap on care? #Obamacare
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.

bruh you blaming rn u needa 
Wholeheartedly agree! Problem is, a POTUS builds an 8 year administration on lies; begins to believe his own lies.
yup

from a provider-I listen to complaint make diagnosis and then...nope I don't say what's best I say..what's ur insurance 
I sure hope you come up with something that will cover Kuru disease #hillaryforprison #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
what is your Obamacare replacement Mr. President-elect? Anybody with ideas  Trump plans to fix this?
Mr President Obamacare is a scam insurance offices charge thousands of commissions
because the insurance companies had no say in the products they sold. Get a brain, scarecrow!
Obamacare Fix: Limit office visits and specialists unless really necessary, doctors stop dishing out RX like they are M&M's
I kept my doctor and plan and it cost less. Let's see if you can do the same!
I need Obama care asshole geez
this isn't a problem with obamacare it is a problem with regulations on physicians and insurance plans. RESEARCH first
2014 to 2016 I paid $23,000 in medical. 2008 to 2011 I paid $4050 in medical. I am completely pissed off Obamacare
you are the one who must stop and think.  I sometimes think you don't know the difference between between the truth & a lie
Donny you blame everything and everyone else but yourself.
that's kinda calling the kettle black isn't it Trump, he who NEVER blames or accepts responsibility.
if the media is watching these please realize the movie industry opinion means nothing to ys
I recalled some guy named Trump who promised he wasn't going to cut Medicare or Social Security.  Funny that.
The real winners are insurance company and all these red tape venders.
when does construction begin on new border protection....
your tweet is a lie.Prez O said keep Your doctor not 'You' doctor.
#Blame! Seriously? You haven't taken responsibility for anything in your life unless it was accomplished by someone else!
You should know a whole lot about lies
"Keep you doctor"? Must have learned that at Trump University
You should be helping this not blaming.
worked for my family very well. Got coverage, kept Dr., and love it. I know no one personally that had any problems
Insurance companies have told us who our doc would be for 30 years before the ACA . This is a scapegoat  Not fooled Fix it
what's your plan...is it for ppl to drop dead b/c they will no longer hv h/c coverage!!!
you should keep you fingers off Twitter if you dont know how to spell or use an apostrophe mark. Maybe a FUCKING press conf
free health care for all
if Deathocrats are clowns, they're not very funny. @POTUS Obama lied ... his party died
where's your plan?
You are the master of blame. Herr TRUMP 666
is a ly
the market place is so stupid they cancelled both my old and new policy  screwed again
lies, something you are intimately familiar with
NOW THAT is the typical political THING. SHINE THAT LIGHT ON SOMETHING/SOMEONE ELSE SO THE SPOTLIGHT WONT BE ON YOU.
best way to get a new health care plan is to require all gov employees to be on the plan. Including senators and congress
Biggest government program failure of all time

I kept my Drs!!!
THANK YOU FOR REALIZING OBAMA CARE IS NO GOOD.
I APPLAUD YOU. I VOTED FOR YOU AND I BELIEVE IN YOU.
"Keep coverage" more important than "Keep your doctor" "Keep your plan". Don't drop these millions. Support health, Donny.
...do the typical political thing and LIE. The fact is Repeal and Replace was a lie from the beginning. 'Drain the Swamp'.
so what were the "unbelievable" findings of your Hawaii birther investigators remind me again?
Where is your great plan you told the people would be there to replace existing health care?
spoken by an authority on deceit, lies, & misinfo. When is that audit done? Plans for ACA post repeal? Tweet on hair helmet
With my 45 years of healthcare experience, and knowledge of insurance, I wish I could help write the new plan

I get $40K fedretirement ObamaCare caused UHealthcare monthly fee up each year  $250 to $499 to $680 to $750 on 2017 Tucker
It's not remotely close to being as bad as you say. It's a good thing, needing some changes. Improve it, don't replace it.
.@realDonaldTrump You would know Donald—you're the expert on blaming others for your failures & lying about everything from the beginning...
what u dont understand is most doctors wont take certain insurance co, thats y folks lost their doctor
got that right. My ins went thru the roof w/my UHC plan and essentially cut my yearly salary by 1/3, on out-of-pocket cost.

Packaged in a shiny box and then they opened the box and it was empty.
you should know about lying! @PolitiFact  2015 liar of the year! congratz!!
The ObamaCare wasn't  born. It was put together like many other ideas in that administration and sold 2 the highest bidders
Lie? Dumptrump specializes in Lies! It's the only thing dumptrump is good at!
/ Obama care was a nightmare for me. My services were cut AND I pay $150. every month into Medicare !
I worked in insurance for years, with a large medical group. People needed to do their homework before choosing a plan.
...what a privilege to be able to read President Trumps messages & respond!!
If it's true that Congress and the Senate voted to Not participate in Obamacare that's all I need to know.
@az_valentine ASAP #RepealAndReplace !  #Obamacare regulations are a HUGE pile of red tape built on lies, mandated by LIARS
It is true. We lost one of our doc's but still see out of pocket.
my old insurance was over over $600 monthly.  Obamacare was only $140.00 monthly.  Why should I change?
Instead of going after the real culprits of the programs shortcomings. The Doctors and Insurance Conpanies
Only a coward and an idiot would blame the problems of Obamacare on the current administration.
will be the first President to effectively kill hundreds of thousands of Americans with the flick of a pen.
Legitimate pricing would instantly slash healthcare costs
@realDanoIdTrump
*your not you. Just FYI.
OBAMA Never Said,you will be fined if not insured! 500$ I know of,and no They don't qualify for Medicaid!
Sorry Trump it was not a lie it is and will continue to be a blessing to people who are not among ur elite rich by fraud
#dentalcarematters
It has even infected Medicare.  The cuts they made are horrible for disabled and elderly people.
OMG! Get over it. It has insured millions of Americans. You are evil. How do you sleep at night?
pull a new replacement out of thin air and Senators are not qualified to write a replacement for something so c pled in 1wk
you need educated experts to come up with a good replacement-actuaries,underwriters,network management experts. You can't
