lmao when a tweet bites you in the ass !!!

Once Assange releases your tax returns, we'll simply state what he states, it's for the people....
Why don't you go live in a cupboard like him, Dobby?
You california liberals are hands down, the creepiest humans on earth Kiki.
Your a fucking idiot and me and many others will celbrste your eventual death.
He states what the Russians state. Traitor.
@cberrl .@SpeakerRyan The Three Faces of Evil
Will they ever give up on the trickle down theory!??
Not until voter kick their ass over this issue long term.
I believe the word is “conspiring” not “in agreement”.
bet @HillaryClinton would have run her campaign differently if she knew she was running against Putin #unpresidented #maga
Maybe she should have run as if she were FOR the AMERICAN people?
You’re a criminal. You’re a blight and a stain on America. You are going to jail and everyone will cheer when you do. Enjoy!

You two should have sexual relations
How much money have you provided to Julian Assange for the immense help he provided?
The man YOU appointed to lead CIA thinks otherwise. Says Assange is working for GRU.
CIA director: WikiLeaks a ‘non-state, hostile intelligence service’ Make up your admins mind . #impeach #unfit #liarinchief #comradetrump
lo you sound like a national socialist aka nazi
go Trump go Lov uu
Voters listened up and took note from Julian's messages.  He must Love God and our nation a whole lot more than many Americans
Well he's an atheist sex offender so not sure where your getting any of that from.
I like Julian. The world needs what he does. He is the publics third eye.
Not when all the info he puts out is stolen and used for an unscrupulous agenda


Trump has been a real estate developer in NYC. How could he not be corrupt?
@organic2016 Assange is for humanity.Deserves a medal of honor.
He's a Kremlin agitprop outlet. You've been suckered.
yes! He really is!

. "They're" trying to expose Trump administration's illegitimacy. Not the same.
You're not a news aggregator....you're PEOTUS of the United states...any praise you give is official praise now....get it?
yeah right you are for America. @maddow @Lawrence
The word "media" is plural. So you should say, "The dishonest media like saying..." #grammartip
Mr President, hang tough, your constituents support you sir. After some time , more will get on board. Stand firm!
make it happen Mr President make it right God bless America.
I love you man!
@Trumpified_King Julian Assange is GREAT! Wikileaks 100% accurate always! Dont be afraid to be on the side of RIGHT!
This world is full of critics but if you ask them for better solutions they have non. They are non productive.
"Stupid"
@Trump4Hope Sir millions of your supporters are not on Twitter Nor have they ever been polled. I represent them.
stop rebutting your detractors they are inconsequential. Don't legitimize why they say by responding.
why would you state anything he states? He is hiding out so he won't be arrested by Sweden. Is he your friend?
economical situation is not that good so far.would u take some real working act makes DINI increase at least
Jassange reported the truth not garbage news
keep it up dont forget the side uriaum deal with put Hillary was wrapped up with 35 million the Saudi Arabians the Chinese
great job handling the dishonest media Mr President Elect
Julian is a hero.
"wrong" yet again. Is this all you know how to say. What is this strange language you speak?
Because the world needs you in order to find out what Julian Assange is saying. Hahaha Dummy Donald. @realDonaldTrump
THE TRUTH IS WAY BIGGER THAN YOU. NO MATTER HOW YOU TRY TO STIFLE THE MEDIA THE TRUTH WILL ALAWAYS GET THROUGH. TOO BAD 4 U
The Media are very dishonest about a lot of things. They should never ever be believed. #Never.
You call the media "dishonest" and "fake" and that seems a perfect match for a FAKE Prez who LIES every time he speaks!
#dishonesttrump
You have all the traits of a traitor always admiring or quoting foreigners that speak against America. Sad, really sad.
love u babe
I AM supporter of Assange, and am grateful he exposed the DNC and other very important things.
if the dishonest media is reporting your dishonest statements, does that mean they negate one another?
Is Assuage your next appointee
So did Manning & Snowden - both did it for the people-did not disclose anything "secret". Both heroes. Sacrificed a lot.
he's a rapist and a thief.  What people is a thief and a rapist for?  You are a sick twist
shut up
Our Constitution allows Freedom of the Press. Americans deserve a free press and not your fake accusations.
I'm sure you'll be the best president America has ever had in all its history.
your doing great tiger just stand you ground The real American are standing we you
You quoted him in your defense, that's pretty much being "in Agreement" with him. The dishonest Trump tries to wiggle away.
the revolalations of what Wiki-leaks exposed were never Denied.
Julian is right the fed is lying. The sooner you know this the sooner you can correct the flaws. Clean house or get screwed
kek no
@realDanoIdTrump
@realDanoIdTrump
I am not from the media, not a reporter and I want to see your tax returns
Oh, so she does get! She should remind Trump of this when he tweets Assange.
"If you link to something, you're reporting", says Kellanne. She is angered that CNN suggests validity by reporting.
free @AssangeFreedom
Why do you even state him? That is the problem.
you state what he states but don't disagree, if not in agreement why bother
don't let them get to you, Donald Trump....we, The People are behind you 200%..
Julian is your boy-u are both perverted. U owe he and Russia your scandled victory. Firing Squard for u Benidict Arnold Jr.
sounds familiar "let the people dicide"...... hypocrite
u can't hide. We know that u are a traitor and Assange and Putin ate your advisors
Assange should be in prison.
You feel that Cheeto, that's the walls closing in.
nothing is for the people, its only for the donald.
But we all know the media is not capable of truth

Just like you state what another man states so does the media but you don't like it or acknowledge that fact. .Hypocrisy
So who's the parrot?
TRUMP WILL BE STOPPED FROM TAKING OATH, HE HAS BEEN FOUND ASSISTING RUSSIA WITH HACKING HILLARY...
pee
back peddling again
I believe Julian, he should b freed. Rich leaked info & was murdered
The ppl don't agree with Assange or you, and rightly so. You're corrupt immoral racist, a complete degenerate.
YOU VLAD AND ASSANGE = BUTT BUDDIES
Please Donald- help California with the Sexond Amendment
BULLSHIT!!!
Maybe they're  just wondering why agreement is capitalized.  js...  @GangstaMimi @Beckabrook888 @kellygrade6
Wrong!  It is for Donald J. Trump
In other words, you are in agreement
Get in the choppa! see what I did there @Schwarzenegger Last years winners- you mean last years losahs!
Julian Assange is a hero!
For the people? You enjoy repeating lies.
They all kinds of things, Obama and Michele are both on record for lieing well Michele for insurance fraud!
how does your butt feel? sorry about all the cum. 
so you're just his puppet? How is that better?
Media has never been honest.
oooooooo mr president
YWG2J
I totally agree
When you retweet something by Assange or anyone else it implies you agree with it. Understand?
You should change the name from tweets to fireside chats.
Don't forget who won you those votes Mr. P!
So, you only state what Assange says b/c you can't think for your self?
but you are
you simply state what he states? That means you agree with him. #flawedlogic
when you state what he states you are supporting his statement hence 'agreement'.
We patriots appreciate honest whistleblower shining a light on corruption and Assange is one of them and therefore a hero
Каждый знает, что ты предатель.
media reports what we actually SEE AND HEAR YOU SAYING onTV  Are u declaring yRSELF dishonest..S'okay we already knew!!
basically you took his side
#Humor Advertising 101: It doesn't matter if its good news or bad news --- just as long as they spell your name right. ;-)
if you were so fucking concerned for the people, you'd quit.
STOP DEFLECTING RELEASE TAXES #TREASON #TRUMPLEAKS
The people, me, being one! says please free Assange
agree? LOL
so, you basically agree with the popularity of the message and your supporters seeing it, but for tv purposes you don't
speaking of dishonesty, how are you today.
So you say the same thing he says, but you don't agree with him...
the only people I care about is YOU....
You're dishonest and not a real president. You are an orange reality star. Nobody is watching the Apprentice because of u.
you simply do whatever Steve Bannon tells you to do.  You have no idea what the POTUS' duties are or about U.S. policies
show us your honesty? Media has no role in our lives.
Assange should hack your IRS returns and make them public. Let's see how fast you throw him under your bus.
Isn't it possible that the Russians hacked the DNC and Asange also hacked the DNC along with my cousin Vinny,China and....?
Please for the sake of America,shut up and stop prancing around like some dandy.Seriously I think Baron is more grown up
Can't wait till u show ur true colors so we the people can purge the Office, impeach & arrest u as baby Putin u want to be
if  didn't retain & provide grace to Hitler's scientists we never would have made it to the moon!
screw media if  doesn't have him on our side some other country will!! He has children and ethics!
ignore media follow truth N.Korea has our boat and  soldiers couldn't fire d/t standdown orderObama
I think you need to look up what agree means
Trump not understanding leadership and how he gives support by making reference to this criminal.
it was ok at 1st until they didn't like what he had to say..
Assange reported the truth for 10 years. BHO Hoo had 8 years to fix the http://leak.LOL 
ASSANGE IS ATTACKED BECAUSE HE TELLS THE TRUTH AND THE LIBERALS THINK THAT IS A SIN! THEY ARE DISHONEST MAGGOTS! I LOVE HIM
behind you 100%. The dishonest media and poor journalism is what your going to have to deal with while in office. Sad!
- you're a traitor.
MORE LIES FROM THE LYING ORANGE ORANGUTAN.
Jullian Assange is a criminal. You have mocked the intelligence community. So who is dishonest?
Russia not behind leaks. Putin Slams Europeans Upholding Child Rape by Migrant. 5 Clinton FBI cases https://youtu.be/xq7hQukAOBE?list=PLqkpf6ervgF1qUo5jSbi-92qGy7Do1PsF …
Oh, okay, sweetie. That's exactly what agreement means.
we love you president TRUMP we know that media is lying !
what about your comments about Assange in 2010?
You are the embodiment and founder of dishonesty grow up get a haircut get over yourself
you're a real Australian hero mate
yeah but you have to be careful. He lost me at pizza gate! That was just too way off for me
twisting words like laffy taffy
Close your account, you tool.
So you're parroting a rapist?
What?????
Sour puss
Why even MENTION this loser??? and give him a platform??? Because your a loser.
