not being able to shop across state lines was its biggest conceptual mistake ever!
It's pretty simple. Thank God for Donald 
Trump! #MAGA
stop saying the same thing. We want details . With what. This tells me you got nothing
You & #GOP have no replacement plan. Millions of your supporters will lose their coverage bcuz of your con job. Sad. @realDonaldTrump
I you believe that then De-Schedule Medical Cannabis We are Patients NOT Criminals
do you tweet on the loo between pushes??? 4mins in between tweets seems long unless your pushing a big turd out
Bill Clinton just said Obamacare is not fair so what ya gonna say now?
Remove the mandate. One big campaign promise complete. Easy. Calling my senator and congressman to do it.
like Trumpcare? no sorry Trumpdontcare #clownpresident

Why haven't you done this already?
and that's fine for people who want insurance I don't want Insurance never been sick a day in my life
wait.. you and your clan have no plan? #clanwithnoplan
.@realDonaldTrump First! Stop The lies!
Here are the facts according to a Kaiser Family Foundation study. HealthCare premium for the past 5yrs has decreased http://kff.org/health-costs/press-release/average-annual-workplace-family-health-premiums-rise-modest-3-to-18142-in-2016-more-workers-enroll-in-high-deductible-plans-with-savings-option-over-past-two-years/ … 
We can take the "Cuban" or "bandaid"approach and try repairing it (IROAN) and end up witg a  mess OR build a new one.
2681 days and we're still waiting for said plan........
put everyone  (congress, senate, executive branch and no exceptions) on ACA. Share the high deductibles and penalties.
Get the Clowns running scared Mr. Trump
I've always found that if I'm trying to get people to work together, calling them "clowns" is always the best 1st step.
You might talk to the insurance companies about their rates then...aince it is based on the market...for someone who claims to understand..
.@realDonaldTrump Republicans maneuvered to defund coops to cause Obamacare premiums to rise before the election
GOP withheld $2.5B for high risk pools from Obamacare coops, forcing premiums to rise before election, suddenly find $25B after Trump win! 
So why didn't the Dems mention/push this in the debates etc. leading up to election?
Until it's literally being yanked out from under them, people aren't the least interested in how the rug works.
kind of what republicans let bankers do republicans have a better way bullshit
glad you admit there is no replacement plan.
Trump what does Putnam have over u? Act like puppet. Show ur TAXES!! The ppl to left don't want u only the so called Right!
Keep tweeting...because we love the truth and finally we're getting the truth Thanks to you Mr. Trump. 
have at it. You promised repeal "on day one" w/o a replacement regardless of how many it hurt. Now you are looking for
, Set the RULES for the Health Industry. Then Allow Competition to Lower the Cost.
Do that, liberals will be receptive. Maybe you should have been encouraging republicans to work with dems the past 8 years.
Who are you and what did you do with Trump?
uhhhh I thought u had a plan, a great plan????
All you and your Cabinet billionaires care about is cutting costs for the rich. You’d like poor sick people to disappear.
Yeah thats why my poor and sick friends can't afford food thanks to the ridiculous healthcare costs.
Blame the rich. Blaming the poor is dumb.
I blame Obama and his bullshit Healthcare system.
how is it Obamacare?
It took away a lot of affordable Healthcare plans and forces you to buy the new ones or get fined.
it ended junk insurance that had annual and lifetime caps but you must buy from exchange if you want subsidy.
Remove profit motive from health insurance & you'll get better care & lower costs for all.
punks in Chicago beat mentally disabled kid, called him the N word and told him to say "I love black people" hate crime!
If you'd like Democrats and Republicans to work together, maybe dial back on things like calling the senate minority leader "head clown"?
but he is...schummer is an azz!
The people in both parties want a public option. You'll get Dem support, if you push it.  Ball is in YOUR court.
If Trump pushes for keeping his campaign promises, and works on a public option. He'll have many Dem's support.
That's exactly right but how? It's a shame we can't all come together.
UAT a Great Proposal: Better Plan to replace Greatly Compromised AC we now have. UAT's your Plan? @realDonaldTrump #housegop #housedemocrats
#TrumpLeaks #TreasonousTrump #theresistence
Isn't blaming exactly what you're doing w this tweet? Where's your proposal on how to fix it?
we are working on it! He hasn't even taken office yet! Obamas had eight years! It just kept getting worse!!!
haven't repubs also had 8 years to propose improvements?
propose improvements AND work together.
we didn't need a new president for that to start, some just don't want obama to have any credit
His credits: creating more debt and sucking us into what was sold as affordable healthcare.
and reducing unemployment, advanced social issues, implemented oCare with O GOP support.
Are we going to get a single payer system like other wealthy, developed countries? Somehow I doubt it.
...yeah but you need to get to the underlying issue that the health care industry is trying to be profitable & it shouldn't
How about doing exactly this before discarding what so many Americans now rely on to STAY ALIVE?
get informed bro medicaid is where the helpless are that will not b touched but
rather than admit defeat, the Dems will fight even when it makes no sense, like Hillary losing to you 3 times, no shame
bot
I prefer the term Patriot
...says the white supremacist hiding behind the picture of a black family. LOL.
that was an easy block if I've ever seen one 
we'll she's probably right
thank you Pennsylvania for helping us win!!
go read a book 
.@realDonaldTrump Maybe you should stop referring to the majority of Americans as "enemies". #justsaying
you mean like how Hillary referred to repubs as racist deplorables?? Get a clue and move on.
If republicans repeal #ACA, your supporters may object if preexisting conditions & other benefits aren't retained. Careful.
Call it what they've been calling it, #Obamacare! Why the sudden switch to ACA?
140
Not sure of the meaning 140? I read recently that there is a political, devious reason for the switch. Thought you knew.
President Trump is absolutely right it's time for the Democrats to stop thinking of themselves and do their jobs for the American people
insurance was predicted to go up this year, level off next, possibly go down the next. Modify ACA, call it trumpcare, go on
Time for Medicare for all!  Not health insurance
The GOP always follow the same script...go after women's reproduction, the LGBT Community and people of color.  #NothingNew
Hahahaha . CNN tell u that ?
So you are going to repeal because you are a tough guy and replace with nothing leaving millions stranded. Make America...sick again.
Trump just said replace, not repeal and leave it alone.
libtards don't want to hear that. All they hear is that he's going to do away with it...
Tadpoles don't want to hear facts. Just what they believe.
are you going to answer the question or shy away from real problems?
yep I figured as much bud. I pay $225/month and I was fined $700 last year because
I didn't have it. $700 because I chose not to have insurance.. that's seems right huh?
The RNC and DNC establishment they can't fix it. Because the Health Care Corporation constantly Lobby any bill. That comes Forward
Here, here!
Don't you think you should put a little pressure on Ryan  because so far you don't seem to have a hand in anything except Russia
love my Presidente Trump .!!
That is a fuckin lie there are r no democrate working together.your a punk
You have had a year, @realDonaldTrump, to come up with something other than simply repealing the ACA.  Have you?  We're waiting.
I thought you said you had a plan! Not so easy?. Just modify ACA and call it trumpcare, probably only good option
GO Trump GO !!
@AnnHunt50023005 You'll have to drain the swamp first. Too many inside deals with Trial Attorneys, Pharma and insurance.
Hillary can tell U all about that
maybe you shuld consult yr running mate, Putin, to see what he wud do abt US healthcare?
Hahahaha More sheeple

Trump is deplorable and a habitual liar a disgrace to America
WHAT PLAN? ACA cut lifetime ins.cap, abolished prexsting illness clause & helps families like mine w chronically ill kids!
Google Translate: "I have no idea what I'm doing, and I'm taking office in 2 weeks. HELP!"
Your Dem party is becoming irrelevant by the Trump.boom.  I'll send crayons and a therapy dog.
You must be mistaking me for a Hillary fan or a US citizen. I'm neither, but Trump affects the rest of us too.
no!.but someone needs 2 help germany..pisses me off 2 see people losing there country
"there"? Heavens! They are the country with the strongest GDP in Europe right now, thx to immigration
ah Sweden where the refugees rape women&children and now the country's biggest problem!
They need to come up with a way to remove you b4 you even get in!
I was just wondering if maybe his wife is a spy. How do we know she isn't. Now I know that stung....
What?!
time for survival of the fittest care to go!
please fix this stupid plan. #notafforable #dictatorship #myhealthnotyours
#Obamacare thumbs down
You have a good plan in Obamacare! Improve on it! Get the greedy providers and hospital to opt in, and invest a little.
you should ask @BernieSanders for some ideas!
the cost of total repeal would be extreme. Not to mention the potential loss of pre existing etc. Improve it dont repeal.
They will never give up! They will try and make it very hard for you. We the people support you always
Bec
Wait a minute! You said you had a terrific health care plan! Well, let's hear it now! <chirp chirp 
chirp >
Right Donnie, let's make America sick again! As sick as u r? I doubt u'd like that cuz u must be the king of everything
HEY TRUMP, YOU TOLD VOTERS YOU HAD THAT COVERED. NOW YOU WANT SOMEONE ELSE TO FIGURED IT OUT? LYING TRUMP.
we can't work with Republicans, because you all are EVIL People! You have no plan and that's why you have no plan
What a classy day!! You and your wonderful family nailed it
time for Republicans to show the American people their healthcare plan. Then we'll see how much better it is!
CAN'T WAIT!!!!
You are the greatest accident mother nature has ever encountered
.@realDonaldTrump So what is your new brilliant healthcare plan? You've been talking about it forever...show us already! #doesnothaveone
it's going to be obamacare but called trump care and all the offices will be gold and boob jobs free
OMG...I told my hubby the same thing, except that he'd call it Trumpcare, say it was 'yuge' and his followers would...follow.
god I hope tomorrow brings good news
single payer.
Yes, agreed. Single payer is the only thing that makes sense. It costs less and everyone is covered.
<---Plus, Donald, it would win you accolades & you'd be one up on Obama.
Not that I care about his ego, but he does. ;)
agreed! The insurance companies can't f you over and doctors can't refuse to treat you unless you use a certain company!
help with affordable healthcare please
It's called Medicare…for everybody. It works pretty well & is already in place for 10s of millions of Americans.
My dad loved Medicare. Said he never had an issue. Good system. #singlepayernow
help me us .need affordable healthcare
Better tell the Repubs to come up with something other than hot air, or ppl will die in the streets thrown off the rolls.
Also, please substitute real ideas for name-calling.  Be a President and, as Biden said, "Show us what you got."
How's that healthcare plan going? In the beginning President Obama tried to work WITH Republicans on it, they refused.
Come on. We all know this is bullshit. I challenge you to issue one public statement without lying.
We ARE CAPABLE OF DOING THIS... WE'RE NOT IDIOTS.  DO IT AND DO IT NOW.  IT IS QUITE POSSIBLE.  QUIT PASSING THE BUCK.
you could help this happen by resigning
In #obamacare there is a clause for taxpayers to pay  for Insurance company's bailouts, Need EO to stop this scam! #ACA
You will get no help from Democrats, and little help from the elite Republicans. Stop the taxes on those not in #Obamacare
hi bring in janerik drugs I use them thay are a lot ceaper for the people and saves a lot of money salom
this is a great idea
I thought you had the greatest plan ever and it was ready??
I really hope so.  But why is it your recent tweets pit down democrats? That doesn't sound like unity.
we the people stand behind you Trump!!
Congress should have to live on the same wage as the rest if us.
I'm a Zimbabwean & I hope your term in office will help Africa deal with dictators & tyrants!
Congratulations Mr D J Trump
link it to car insurance and home owners insurance it will save millions
regulate the providers and the medication. That's the first thing that needs to be done.
Calling political opposition "clown" is super Presidential. #Disgrace #Unfit
I totally agree
ohhh! Now it is time?  I guess the last 4 years was time to obstruct. Fact is.. you have no plan. Obamacare was your plan.
Medicare For All!!!

Healthcare should be free gym memberships!  "Health Insurance" is what you need if you Don't exercise...
from your party of obstructionism??  Get serious!  Btw,  millions of us will be fighting hard to keep Obamacare
I agree"much less expensive & FAR BETTER!" BUT, don't repeal ocare yet. Do it until u have a solid and agreed upon solution
oh please let me help please please please please?!?!?!?!?!?
Give Congress incentive by taking away their exemption to OBAMACARE! Bet they come up with something then.

Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
they like to say millions more have insurance now, not my family b/c of all the evil legislation obama added to it #nocare!
One way to perhaps defeat the dumbocrats would be to let them keep Obamacare and pass a bill for Heath Care Option 2...
You can't keep America healthy on the cheap.
little donnie, and that plan would be? Oh, that's right, you don't actually have any answers, do you, sweetie?
I see you haven't responded to Bernies challenge to confirm your campaign pledges not to touch Medicare, Social Security.
NEVER.GONNA.HAPPEN.
Oh ya, just like they did for Obama? Keep singin that tune Mighty Mouth people might believe it, just like your campaign!!!
So tell us what the plan is, Mr. Trump.  We know YOU know best.  The BEST plan.  The BEST care.
we are waiting to hear about your great plan. You promised to take care of it!
Nationalise the whole bloody lot and make it free to use for everyone - far cheaper than the crap you have now !
Obama grows Mexico. Mexico must independent from lean on out n solve inner problems. Mexico, must cosume made in Mexico.
Have a replacement ready to deploy before repealing Obamacare, lst the chaos destroy many struggling Americans.
@RaymondArroyo Nope; Democrats already gave us Obamacare! The ball is on the GOP's court, it's on you now. Time to produce!
I like Obamacare. Leave it alone!
We will haunt you with photos of people GOP kill with #Obamacare repeal. #Resistance #healthcare
#pixoritdidnthappen
Like #SinglePayer !!!
WHY should the Dems work with the GOP NOW after how badly the latter have behaved the past EIGHT YEARS??
Waiting for your solution. You're the one that has trashed it for the few years. Lets see your brilliant idea.
quit talking about it and do it then
Did you ever go see H Ross Perot? he had an awesome Healthcare.
As a Rep. I would agree to social preventive medicine, and assistance for catastrophic events.
Trump Clown Care will be MUCH BETTER. Includes free AMBULANCE transport
Clown care will suit all sizes and colors
None of that boring healthy hospital food under Trump Clown Care!
If Americans ate healthy Trump Shaped-Like-America Steaks they would NOT get sick and need health care?
The food we are stuck buying filled w/ hormones antibiotics fruit with no taste or juice unless u have $$
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
YOU said you had something Fantastic!!!!  Well ????
pls just repeal the Obamacare nonsense and then KEEP GOVT sticky fingers completely OUT of our healthcare. thank u.
& #GOP u are #hypocrites! All you wanted was for  POTUS to fail. But in doing so, the American people paid the price.
So what is the play already? Oh! Ya'll ain't got 1 other than rich get richer poor get screwed. Time to #unpresident you.
Yeah, Donnie - that's called SINGLE PAYER.
The Democrats already have a plan. Show us your better plan.
Seriously? Throughout the campaign you said you were the only one that could fix it. So stop whining and fix it already.
God damnit this is literally the last 10 tweets you've sent about this YOU fix it then you mongoloid
So NO healthcare for the poorest then !
But I thought you had a plan for all of that was going to be much better. A beautiful plan & Save us money #trumptrainwreck
They've only been promising to do that since the bill passed...but like your taxes, ISIS plan and press conference...
Let's be honest. You don't know how you're going to do anything.
.@realDonaldTrump A new healthcare policy needs to be established BEFORE it gets repealed. People will suffer in the gap! #ShowUsYouCare
It will never happen. We you take away medical insurance from 20 million better, all hell will break lose. Better hide
You just don't know how to shut up.
and what will that plan be?
ain't happening until we get a competent president.  Not a narcissistic in chief/dictator in training!
Wonder if tweeking the MediCare System to include " ALL " add  would save Brain Power scrap the other
free market. Get government out! Have done enough harm.
I like you stay strong !!
We must provide low cost healthcare for our citizens living in poverty. Taking care of each other should be top priority.
Expand Medicare. The infrastructure is already in place. Single Payer is the answer.
we saw the Republican proposal of trillions of dollars to repeal it then trillions more to revamp it. Stop lying!
Why do you want the nightmare of starting over??? Fix what's not working, keep what is working.
SINGLE PAYER NOW!
MEDICARE FOR ALL!
I agree with you, but you have to herd those congressmen to do the job, instead of playing politics and cozing up to rich.
can we have free healthcare? That would be nice.
u r the clown. RNC has nothing that will be better
we don't need a govt. "plan". Jst repeal Obamacare. Let the business sector work. Return to patient-doctor confidentiality.
I thought you had a plan o yea you was just telling your followers what they wanted to hear lies and more lies right
@GOP @SpeakerRyan U want to repeal and replace, show us the plan. Repeal wout a plan is a disgrace.  #MakeAmericaSickAgain
That requires humility and open mindedness sir. Can you muster?
@narendramodi this type of approach sd hv been there in India also Indian exports to USA wd also dip .indians sd set up
Indian sd set up industries in USA to sell things
leave Obama_Care Thats his one legacy Let him shine ntil he rust when OC Fade n2 ground then ull hav time 2repeal w/plan
Don't forget about those of us that work and pay increased premiums year after year bc of this garbage program.
There is a health care plan that works:  Medicare.  That's the one you're planning to get rid of next.
Medicare for All.  Best Bipartisan approach ever.  Seniors pay for Part B-with private pay.Part A-taxes.
you said you had a plan! So where is it big talker?
Dream on DONNY FINGERS
ACA has worked for me. Wife as best coverage ever during our 38 yrs in small business Gladly take my 1099 for subsidy
Comrade Trump Republicans have had 6 years to help fix the A C A. But there rascist attitude towards Obama is just Repeal
why don't you buy us all health care?
