And you did a good job on the apprentice, but you are obviously in over your head as president! Incompetent!
Can you let nothing go? You have no idea how he did as governor, because you don't study history. #KnowNothingPresident
Aren't you supposed to have something more important to do?
not your finest moment insulting Arnold at prayer breakfast
you can't stand that he's more liked than you. This entire campaign was fueled by your ego, not patriotism.
the show isn't all that popular even when u did it. Leave this alone and grow up
Seriously though, what is wrong with you?
How can you STILL be picking fights about a tv show???
I am so embarrassed to have a President that would write such a juvenile tweet. This was your first thought today?
I dont know
can you stop putting people down and do your job as the president
shut up child we wish he was president your such a baby and puppet your embarassing
You miss the point. Lousey ratings are due to YOU! It would have tanked no matter who did it because associated with YOU!!
hard on his housekeeper wasn't he? Hard on his wife to have to put up with such a betrayal.
fire him
@POTUS President about to get messed up by the Terminator.  Arnold is the tough guy, not the 70year old Oompa Loompa.
it is six thirty am. I have already read reuters, CNN, and AP. You are tweeting about a tv show. Sad.
critics is not for you. you should learn that critics can help you to become better. but narcist doesn t understand that
#FreeKekistan #GiveHimAChance
Please stop this, thank you.
@POTUS you should spend more time running the country and less time worried about television
Whereas you seem to be making a disaster of the Presidency - without much effort at all!
who cares about the TV show.
really? You're still at it with Arnold at 3:30 in the morning? Don't you got better things to be worrying about?
It is hard to be a governor after being a terminator for so many years...
treat others the way u would want them2treat you. Praying for your wisdom + mercy. Have compassion on those less fortunate.
oh great orange one NO ONE can be as bad as you in government.  Focus and get some Ritalin!
why don't you focus on the job on hand instead of dicking around like a schoolboy.
Looks like you have your own historically low ratings as POTUS. So there's that....
dude it's this easy to get you pissed off?
how do you have time to tweet so much?? Go be president now.
oy vey
Give it a break Mr Trump. Don't get into a pissing contest with the Terminator #truth #KeepOnPoint
Funny how both of you ran on the same failed Reagan party that gave us deregulation and "don't tax the rich" @rationalsquad
.@realDonaldTrump yep, R.I.P. humanity, no way we survive 4 years... https://youtu.be/7VG2aJyIFrA 
as a Californian, I agree, but what we have here now is way worse. Help us please! Now they're talking sanctuary state!
so true I lived there in that time!
a conveniently marketing-oriented opinion, and largely inaccurate, but Arnold did invest a lot of effort into governing.
Mxm I hate that this is kind of funny @realdonaldtrump
I don't put much stock in anything Schwarzenegger says!
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at leas...
you keep trying to muster up attention for it, but no one wants to watch your crappy show.
@Schwarzenegger @realDonaldTrump He must have forget that he is the producer and we don't want him anywhere anymore.
I'd rather have @Schwarzenegger as President..
Bet you wish you still had Obamacare to treat these @Schwarzenegger burns, right? They must hurt so, so bigly!
And @Schwarzenegger is a more experienced, successful, and intelligent politician than you will ever be - which must hurt!
Wait are you talking about the same Arnold shwarznager that had a kid with a fat ugly cleaning lady and all he did was lift and couldn’t care less about the well being of America ?? We talking about the same Arnold Schwarzenegger?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
He did almost as bad a job as you're doing as President.
And so did you... You gave it your best shot...You're the BEST worst President in history... Monumental achievement!

Which is more than history will ever say of you. Haaaaaahaaaaaa
Something we can't really say you do.. #TVfan  #Golfnut
I wish we could say the same thing for you.
My 10 year old is more mature than you.
You are by far the worst president in US history but you have out done Benedict Arnold.  #INCOMPOTUS #25thAmendment
Insult Watch: Where it all begins
Poor Donny! You keep digging your hole bigger and bigger and everyday! Arnold has accomplished way more than you ever will. #WorstPresident
be sure..
@HonestlyTrump
Arnold the Maid Impregnator
Arnold is so jealous because NOBODY has any respect for him...except his maid/baby momma..
trump has how many kids by how many women/failed marriages? Try harder
You should fire Schwarzenegger. Tell him "He won't be back." lol.
he did a much better job than you - orange buffoon...
why does @realDonaldTrump start these wars against people with much more class like @Schwarzenegger ?
someone please take his phone away?!
@POTUS he wasn't that bad actually and I'd rather have @Schwarzenegger as POTUS or in any office then you.
why is the #POTUS worried about TV ratings. Go be president already. You won. Oh yeah, you lost the popular vote. #loser
Can you imagine if we had told Reagan/Goldwated we would have president with orange hair who "grabbed woman's 'pussies?'"
wow man you are one envious FM.. WTF is up your ass all the time? You have insults lined up for everyone not on team trump
why are you like this? #whythefuck
@POTUS Agreed.
you are amazingly petty.
Don't you have better things to do than worry about "The Apprentice." What is wrong with you??
Trump tried to run a for profit school but swindled students instead. At least he tried.
@Schwarzenegger : Arnold was a better leader, bigger star and a bigger man than you will EVER BE!  In every way.
For the love of God will you please stop whining about that stupid TV show!
The reason The Apprentice is doing so poorly is YOU, we won't support your financial interests!!!!!
@Schwarzenegger are you just mad that your #ratings & #crowdsize are smaller than your hands? #arnold rules #trumpsucks
Arnold is angling for his dream job potus since Obama, set precedence of foreign born as president.
Unlike the So-Called President, who is doing a terrible job but making up for it by also not trying hard. Loser!
you're POTUS and tweeting about a stupid tv program?  I can't even express how embarrassed I am to have you lead the US.  
forget Arnold. He's not worth your consideration
so bad a Governor he served two terms. Terrible! You've got nothing on the Governator!
sir California needs you.
I think he's good, now get to the chopper
why are you worried about such stupid things?
at least he taught us a very important sentence: Hasta la vista Donald!
So celebrities make terrible politicians? It all makes sense now.
i love Arnold Schwarzenegger!
wow are you a grown man? This is an extremely childish tweet
YOU'RE THE PRESIDENT!!!
Not a reality star
Please keep that in mind.
there's only one Celebrity Apprentice although I thought Ivanka could of been a close second
He was reelected. You won't be. By the way, button your damn coat Donald.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
Arnold reached the very top of 3 different careers. You have messed up 2 (so far.)
you need to pretend to be a president now. Watch West Wing, okay? Study hard.
Can you get any pettier?
How much did Ivanka used to charge?
aren't you EMBARRASSED
LOL!!!
are you seriously using the @POTUS account exclusively to retweet this type of nonsense?
@POTUS what? You're a hypocrite
r u ok
hagahaha Schwarzenegger is only good in movies
you're one to talk 
I liked Arnold in the show!
its true love you arnold  need people like you
you are a bouschebag...
@POTUS GET OVER YOURSELF.  Your childish outbursts are embarrassing our country. #moveon #ActPresidential
you haven't done a good job of anything in your life. At least Arnie had a great career. More popular than you ever will be
and the Democrats have a lot of educated fools
whose political ratings were higher?
Did it ever occur to you that people may not be watching the show to boycott you? It's nothing against Arnold.
Has @Schwarzenegger ever cheated US citizens with a fake university?
@Schwarzenegger would make a better @POTUS. You're not making America Great, you're making & promoting American Hate.
I love what you’ve done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
at least he didn't have Russian prostitutes peeing on him. #orangfreak
Not half as bad as your attempt at Presidency. VERY sad!!
can you please act like an actual president ? 
you're just a cartoon.
well you picked him BTW YOUR A REALLY BAD PRESIDENT
ANYONE and EVERYONE is BETTER than you. I will take MICKEY MOUSE 4 now. Seriously. At least he doesn't hate EVERYONE
Unless you live in California you wouldn't know
Praying for you and for our first lady. May the Lord bless your marriage.  Make that your first priority sir. .

#terriblepotus
is this what we should write about you in the history books? "He ruined America, but at least he tried hard!"
Quick – check your face! I just found your nose in my business.
As a Calif I appreciated the AS was a visionary about climate change. U are not.  You doing a "really bad job" as president
He was stonewalled by Democrats and not as bad as Jerry Brown. God help us
Your time would be spent better taking care of the US & the World than worrying about Arnold doing better on The Apprentice
People in glass houses should not throw stones ,,, Lock up your Craziness
So is there nothing you actually understand the workings of? Ratings were tanking before you left. Premise ran its course.
Why did the executive producer hire him?
I prefer Arnold to the previous dummy
Deixa de ser estúpido!
really, did he file bankruptcy six times? Does he apply for more immigrants saying he offered jobs to us first like you do?
Proving with every tweet what preoccupies his mind. We are in deep doo doo.
see thats the difference. Ur doing a terrible job and not even trying.
oh just stop. Do you not know that you sound like a grade school bully? A spoiled brat? Grow up. Be the president!
@Schwarzenegger DT has highest disapproval rating 4 newly elec president,lost pop vote by over 11M.Arnold revealed HIS taxs
Get to da Chopperrrrr!  :)
don,t think he should have  executed Stanley Tookie Williams either
#notthetweetofapresident

Gov. Schwarenegger is doing a way better job as the host of Apprentice than you did.
Why do you attack anyone & everyone who criticizes you?You respond with hateful & mean comments.Not cool.Not presidential.
do you even lift bro?
better than you as president
this is ridiculously petty. You certainly should learn to take the high road given the fact you are now leading a nation.
Arnold is desperate for ratings...new celebrity apprentice sucks!
Please stop the insults. You're not 12 and now you are the president. Act like it please. Don't give them any more fire.
he never will he's mentally unstable not sure why people think he will ever be any different
And what do you want me to say about how you did? Spend some time on this. Who are you listening to?
Shut Up
@POTUS Really?!? You have a country to run and THIS is what you're focused on?!? You have GOT to be kidding!
Stay off Twitter...Read a damn book... Do your job as a president and Zip your big mouth.
Putz
But I heard him say: "I'll be back!" RT @realDonaldTrump #Schwarzenegger
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Ha!
