How’d like you being made the fool on Saturday night?
They made fools of themselves on Saturday night
Those trump supporters sure did!
Trump is your president.  How you doing?
He’s not my President
If you live in the USA he is!
Nope. I’ve lived here all my 72 years and lived under 5 Republican Presidents who although I didn’t agree with  all of their politics I respected them. They were all good men. Not your President.  He has no respect for the people in our country. He also has no idea how to lead.
Why would he. He ran his father's businesses into the ground. He only lies and lies. That worked for him privately, but Mr. Mueller may have provided us with a different outcome. One can only hope.
Exodus 23:25
“So you shall serve the #Lord your #God, and He will bless your #bread and your #water. And I will take #sickness away from the #midst of you.
#GOD protect our #Nation  #JesusSaves #OneNationUnderGOD
Amen 
Open the goddamn borders
Uh, no. I don't my my tax dollars going to support them.
You wouldn't lose a cent.
We have laws in this country. And those laws need to be enforced. There is a right way to come into this country,  they need to be well vetted.
Open the borders & be in partnership with the world.  I believe in a global society. Making the world a better place starts w us.
But Nikki, you have to keep your citizens safe. You just can't let anyone in. You have to know what kind of people these are and if they are going to contribute to the good of America, and not to just get a handout. Also you have to worry about MS-13 members getting across.
I'm not afraid of the world.  I have traveled.  Done mission trips.  Built schools in Mexico. Been to Bali & Dominican. I stand w the poor.
I was in the military, and I have seen evil that disguise themselves as innocent people in order to unleash that evil.
You mean the caravan of migrants that have been blocked quite effectively at our border due to our tough immigration laws? #Liar
We need You to Resign!
Pretty bad all that money already spent on a wall and you keep finding a way back in
You moron! These are people trying to get away from a country that has abused them withheld food threatened rape and tried murder. Why isn't America taking these refugees in? What in the world can you have against these people?

F@ck you you bloated orange pus sac of moral rot.
your wife hates you.
Millions of people do not just her.

‘They need to ENFORCE the subpoenas IMMEDIATELY! The more you WAIT... pretty soon there’ll be an ELECTION ... and the DOJ and the FBI are BANKING on the DEMOCRATS TAKING OVER so all these…
https://twitter.com/donnawr8/status/984896917518905347?s=12 … #MAGA
‘NAH ... BRO. NOT IN MY COUNTRY!’

#MAGA #USA #KAG @greggutfeld 
Democrats have abandoned #DACA
‘DEMOCRATS have TOTALLY ABANDONED #DACA. We get the reputation that DACA is not Republican. It IS REPUBLICAN! We WANT to DO SOMETHING about DACA! It’s very possible that DACA won’t happen &…
#MAGA #America #BuildTheWall

President Trump Hosts a Law Enforcement Roundtable on MS-13
Tweets from the criminally insane

This motherfucker won’t stop tweeting about caravans!
Because he is afraid of them and he is a fake Christian
Is that what the Bible says is okay? Are you supposed to push immigrants away?Would God agree? Would Jesus preach to lock them out? You're not a Christian! You sure don't act like http://one.You  are so full of hate, and judging.
This is so important!  At what point did we stop being a country that wants law and order, and evolve into a climate where a whole movement is embracing anarchy?

Arrest the illegal support groups that are helping them break the law!
If they’re coming through legally, they are immigrants. If they come through illegally, they are illegal immigrants. Semantics matter.

Absolute foolishness! Get educated!
I have a PhD - thanks
Ask for a refund
For what - I got a scholarship - didn’t cost me anything
Shows thats schools are worth a shit ;) why would you want to import people with different values that are yours? Are you self destructive? Europe is paying imigrants to go back!
Are you completely ignorant of the history of the USA and it’s diverse culture?  That’s rhetorical, no need to respond....
No,, are you?
That's also rhetorical, and additionally, no need to respond...
.@MaxBoot: “Like many a would-be authoritarian before him, Trump ignores the real threats that his country faces, preferring to manufacture nonexistent crises that enable him to play on popular prejudice to consolidate his own power.” https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-caravan-of-migrants-is-not-a-threat-but-trump-would-rather-ignore-real-crises/2018/04/04/765b775a-380d-11e8-acd5-35eac230e514_story.html?utm_term=.dc9d1950f74b … …
‘NO MORE DACA DEAL!’: Trump Freaks Out About Immigrant ‘Caravans’ After Seeing Tomi Lahren Fox News Segment http://bit.ly/2GN80Sk  ...
WATCH THIS VIDEO!!! - - The Trump-Fox & Friends feedback loop, explained https://youtu.be/v1d7UvKWh6M  via @YouTube
Kelly thinks he's saving U.S. from disaster, calls Trump 'idiot,' say White House staffers .... The spokespeople also said Kelly may have said something along the lines of, "The president doesn't know the full impact of DACA.
We went to Cactus, Texas, site of the largest immigration raid in history, to see what happened after ICE left— and who works there now. With photos by the great @jabinbotsford https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-says-american-workers-are-hurt-by-immigration-but-after-ice-raided-this-texas-town-they-never-showed-up/2018/03/04/8ce16362-1d65-11e8-ae5a-16e60e4605f3_story.html … …
America Is Destined for Decline Without More Immigrants - Bloomberg
Send them back!
Where is the Donald Trump that America voted for??? You have the power to stop the madness, but you are doing absolutely NOTHING.  Also can you explain your comment that immigrant guests worker can do our jobs??? You are in danger of losing the support of people who voted for you
Border Shows?  What?
Today I was proud to be the lone American out of 323 million to protest the migrant #Caravan at the San Ysidro/Tijuana border crossing.
Thanks to @CBPSanDiego for ensuring everyone's safety and right to peacably protest.
Patriots, step up!
#MAGA
I would be standing with you if I lived near there!
Thank you @Carolina4POTUS!
Wherever you live there is something you can do.
This summer, take it to the streets for America
#MAGA
It's not illegal to apply for asylum, is it?

Yes we do- ALL of America, not just the top 1%! So resign!

It is pure torture waiting for the removal of the  disgusting, Trump  administration... 
.
Its also pure torture listening to liberals complain about actual progress and constitutional defense.
The caravan happens every year. How many people actually came over the border . Don't  blame someone who ratted out your drug doctor. Who didn't return to the same job when he returned to the WH. You were probably told you need to get these people BEFORE you submit their name
We need lawmakers who will throw you out of office.
We're continuing to support our laws ......you're gone soon enough 
Yes. America badly needs lawmakers to put America first, and vote to bolster the constitution, checks and balances, and the rule of law.

TRUMP PENCE 2020!!!!1111!!!1 
What’s wrong? I thought u liked my meme? Now u unliked it.
It was a funny meme lol and I had a response meme but I couldn’t find it so I unliked it for some reason
I thought u noticed it said 2025 which would be the end of his second term
Lol I 100% realized that which is why I thought it was a funny meme. I don’t have to agree to find sometime funny 
Cool beans.
What do you think?:
#CandyMan vs #Bornstein, who wins?? 
Please don't nuke them.
Yes nuke them
Build the wall
Puts America first, or Trump first? #RacistInChief
Yeaaaaaaa...TRUMP!  A proud American that I am soooooooo proud of....puts America first!!!!

Here I looked it up for you Captain Clueless. Every day, 50,000 vehicles and 25,000 pedestrians head NORTH at the border at San Ysidro. So that is about 2.6 10ths of one percent for your "Caravan". As you can see or have someone figure out for you, not even a blip on the radar.
I’m glad you are our president!
We have rules right so why dont we just use them Mr. President Trump i support you 100%
We love President Trump!
Mr. President: We depend on you to fix our borders and stop what is happening to our beautiful country, otherwise America as we know it is FINISHED
first tweet where you don't use an exclamation mark
Whats this about mitch and the wife about shipping company did you hear about this
CLOSE the Southern Border.  !00% closed until Congress fixes asylum law loopholes.
-No more foreign aid to Mexico or Honduras until there are no more caravans for a full 24 months.
This caravan is a joke!  Is it really that easy to be let into our country?  This is a slap in the face to so many who paid for attorneys to help them become citizens and to the people who have already been waiting for years.  This is absolutely absurd!  Why do we even have laws?
Wow you do realize about 3-4 of them will actually gain amnesty and be allowed in, the rest are going to be turned away. That’s exactly what has happened for the last several years. About 1/3 are kids by the way. Spanky is just being a drama queen
I agree with President Trump.
My hard earned money! Give it away so these illegal aliens can live free! Great! Best change these laws and get rid of that mess on the border!
We can’t let them in!  I’m sick of MY tax dollars being used on illegals!  I do NOT give the government permission to use my money towards anything regarding illegals! #nomoreimmigrants
We need to close our borders
We first need lawmakers loyal to our country not to crooks
#MAGA !!!
Mexico should pay a tariff for each honduran asylum seeker they escorted to our front steps!
I have many Honduran friends here in the US.  They are wonderful people, and are in a tough situation.   You'd do the same thing for your family.
I've met many too. They are nice. Ive also bailed out lots of them too. They arent the problem. Its the invasion with infiltrated scumbags( MS13 and others) that poses danger.
I have a solution to their concern.
You can’t have them working in the fields if you don’t let them in.  Ask the farmers who had to let crops rot in the fields for lack of pickers this year.
I totally agree president Trump! Protecting our borders is one of the most important things that we need to take care of. We need to put people in place that will do the job!
God bless this country and God bless the President!!!!
America will never be first as long as we have foreigners building their wealth here on grants from the government to send their money back home.
Let’s give them an escort across the border, across the country and right up to Canada! I’m sure they’ll except them with open arms. Problem solved!!!
Gee, I wonder why they didn't go to Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, El Salvador, Guatemala, Belize or Mexica AND be welcomed with open arms?  Democrat Party needs voters.  It IS that simple.
Why don't they just stay in Mexico
Wondering why they picked thus country to come to....has to be something.   Wondering if you took the free money of every kind, how many would make a different choice.
DOJ should charge the lawyers and advocates for aiding and.orchestrating and providing information to break federal laws. @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods
All the dems want  all the immigrants in, then each 1 of them should welcome 1 of the families into their homes Would they still want them here? Also the dems are the first to put fences & walls around their property to keep people out. how is that different than the border walls
Please #POTUS DONT LET THEM IN. #DeportThemAll if any do get in. I trust you &  #TrustThePlan holding on to #QAnon for sanity in this crazy  of killer  #DemocratsHateAmerica & staying alive #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp #TheRainMakers
Not even one, we see all! #MAGA
Don't fall for the #fakenews spin calling them "Migrant" ! Webster defines that ad Regularly Migrate for work! These are not them! They want to invade and stay!
Trump talks about America first  Ivanka and Donald's entire clothing line is made in China   Trump has hired over 200 undocumented immigrants since last year to save money
Provide proof.
if you even remotely follow the news you should know this
This fails to provide proof of hiring of undocumented workers.
do some research this is common knowledge ... one of about 15 articles
I would believe that obama actually cared about America before I would believe anything published by the hill.

Win t Midterms & Change t Laws!!
cancel the nafta negotiations immediately and see how fast the insurgents are pulled from the border
Remember the strict immigration laws of the 70’s & 80’s...bring it back bring back stop n frisk
Thank you President Trump for keeping us safe!
We must drain the current Congress before we can drain the swamp (shadow government). Replace current Senate leadership who are in Chineese pockets.
Please send military to the border. Why r we giving any of these people asylum?
Now if YOU CAN CAN YOU PUSH TO HAVE TERM LIMITS ON CONGRESS.  One easy way to save money is take all their cars and drivers away from them and let them pay for themselves I bet they would care about gas prices then. Also make them all use OBAMA CARE THEY VOTED FOR IT
Yes and please Mr president that our troops have the green like to shoot them all that cross illegally. You will only have to shoot a few then they will stop coming.
My tax dollars are not to be given to the rest of the world! It's time to fix immigration to be fair to all! The Democrats don't want to fix it so they can use the failed system against the gop! Dems will sell out  USA any way they can!!
Haitians are flooding our country. And committing acts of terrorism at persons' job site or housing to make it look like a case of racism to rob and steal a person from their employment and housing
How come we have $150 Billion to give to Iran but we dont have the funds to build the wall???
We need our borders protected NOW. Declare a national state of emergency. (I dunno even know if that would do anything). The United States treats illegals & those invading our country better than citizens.
You are crazy.  Been listening to Trump and fake Fox News too much!
Janet. You don't know how crazy I am. Why tweet at me?
What you said was crazy!!!
You continuing to tweet at me is even MORE crazy
If you don’t want to be tweeted at then  why did you tweet?  Are you CRAZY????
You already called me crazy. I agreed. Why are you now asking if I'm crazy? Seems to me you're crazy too Janet.
Ok you lost me.
Absolutely correct thank you President Trump!! Best president ever!!
You have the POWER to order SESSIONS to charge the American lawyers helping illegals game the system and to confiscate their passports
I just don't understand and please enlighten me on what I'm about to say...why are other countries allowed and American government helps to pay their way into buying up America, live here, use resources, but yet stops Mexico crossings with a wall?
The US should follow the laws of the land. We are much more open than country’s around the globe. If we want to change the laws, let’s do so thru congressional law.  Difference of opinion is great. Too much hate written on this topic.
2009 these illegals from 3 foreign 
countries sent 3.95 billon from the U. S back to their countries
2917 8.19 billion. So we know 8.19 billon was either legal jobs taken from American citizens or illegal drug cartel money from sakes of illegal fentenanyl that caused many deaths
The organization behind the caravan is Pueblo Sin Fronteras, or People Without Borders. "Our dream is to build solidarity bridges among peoples and turn down border walls imposed by greed." The leftists dream! We need to vote them out!
@realDonaldTrump please hire
 Judge Jeanine to run the DOJ and clean house
Your in-laws are what you call "chain migrants," right, Donnie?
Trump is weak and ineffective.  A coward who is also a bully and who knows no decency towards anyone or anything in life except himself.  He is a cancer on democracy, equal rights, people of color, people of goodness, and anyone who does not bow to him - I hope he dies in prison.
Tester is only into destroying another person’s reputation without evidence because he is a weak man.   Tester needs to resign as he no integrity.
Send the Caravan to Canada.  We can let th m pass through our country just like Mexico did.
We need Congress to get their shit together and fix the immigration problem NOW! THEY COULD START BY DECLARING  ALL IMMIGRATION IS TO STOP AS OF TODAY UNTILL THEY WRITE NEW LAW!
We should make sure all the women and children waiting have food, water and such ! And start with the men finger print them and run a strict vetting ! The major problem with immigration is 95 percent of them send money home which is Billions of economy from our country!
Shouldn't Mexico be doing that already? First country they entered. Why no outrage towards Mexico?
Traitors like him will make of America a capitulating state just like Sweden, Germany or France
they are turning themselves in to seek asylum, not breaking any laws.
And we will get lots of Democrats in November who will do that!
They are not breaking any laws.  They are waiting for their hearing per international law which we have to give each one per international law. You really are not a smart man
#RedWave2018. #Trump2020. #WeThePeople will be heard at the polls. #TheSilentMajority will be heard. #MAGA
Its called Asylum, you know what youll be asking putin for...
Mr. President, How is it that these people a cross the border in Mexico are trying to dictate what the US has to do.  Please get an amendment to change these insane immigration laws and allow us to choose who comes into the US and who can not.
I agree
That Caravan needs to Move on down the road....
This mess going on at our borders is insane!! If these ppl are seeking asylum, shouldn't Mexico be taking them in? They seemed to be safe traveling all the way through Mexico! Make Mexico pay for this!!!
My fellow countrymen would say that I think of myself as a gringo, or worse a traitor for objecting to open borders. I support immigration reform but not amnesty. I came here legally and think there should be laws that would find a way for those that aren't here legally to be.
We love Trump!
Immediately if not sooner!
but mr. President I'm glad you're on the job and you're going to take care of that
Is closing our southern border with Mexico an option ? Can we inform the Mexican government that until they enforce their own immigration laws and deport these people our border will remain closed ?
Vote him out!!!
#VoteDemAllOut

Why they call country of laws ????
"…http://Hold.OUR.BORDERS.MR.PRESIDENT.WE.THE.MIDDLE.WORKING.CLASS.AND.DISABLED.VETERANS.WANT.OUR.COUNTRY.DEFENDED.LEGALLY.STOP.SES ."."aka.Senior.Executive.Service."."http://stop.TRAITORS.IN .DOJ.&.FBI.TRAITORS.SEEKING.OVER-THROW.OF.FREE.AMERICAN.PEOPLE".."http://sub-servants.to.ELITE.New.World.GOV .Overtake.".?...
What they are doing is legal.
I thought you were a man that got things done. Get something done and stop blaming.
IS there NO justice in America anymore???   Talk talk talk and the lawless just keep smiling. Is it time for all good men to come to the aid of OUR country???..

It's not the laws that are weak and ineffective. It's the political system and the ineffectual politicians which have allowed the abuses to proliferate. We would not need a wall if we went ahead and deported the people whom we know are here illegally.
YOU'VE GOT TO USE YOUR EXCUTIVE ORDER AND SECURE OUR COUNTRY. 
CONGRESS WILL ALWAYS FIGHT YOU MR. PRESIDENT. 
PLEASE TAKE CONTROL OF CONGRESS. 
THERE MUST BE A WAY! PLEASE.
I agree!
We don't need you.
Jon needs a compass, a map to see where we would have been led with his perspective and actions...scary!
And close them borders
#BuildTheWall
I agree with Kanye West.
Absolutely, a hard line must be drawn.  Mexico has to do their own obligatory duty before these migrants get to the US border.
So tired of politicians caring more about illegal aliens instead of their own citizens here legally.   Get rid of politicians who favor others above their own countrymen.
Open the goddamn borders that you effing kidding me do you open your house to a random stranger without having a paperwork on them do you rent your house and you own to a random stranger without even knowing their name no nobody does that America needs to stop doing that
Why should I use my hard earned money to support those people? I can barely support my own family. A lot of Democrats are simply hypocrites, they sound so politically and morally correct, but how much have they really contribute to the society?
Thanks for protecting our beloved country that Obama  distoyed! What of a president Obama was. He going be punished to the fullest extent to the law for predogate. Not to mention our country was bled dry financially. So proud our President.
#Q
#providethetexts
@realDonaldTrump @VPMikePence Immigrants that come to our country should be sent to Puerto Rico as if they were volunteering to help rebuild. If they want come to our country they should be here for a good cause. 

Thanks @fixWiFi
#BuildThatWall #MAGA2018 #ReleaseTheTextsUnredacted Corps of Engineers have to engineer the wall for Texas. Many places to sneak across in Texas.
Caravan.  It’s like less than a 100 people.  Why don’t you go write your DR’s Note

Seeking Amnesty from criminal cartels gang violence isn’t part of America’s mandate, if it were Countries & Continents Billions of people Would Swarm Our Legal system & America #BuildTheWall #SecureBorders #RefuseCaravan que cutters #KeepAmericaSafeAgain @SecNielsen @USBorderSec
Couldnt agree more, poor judgement in our current political leaders, there priorities are backwards- American citizens deserve much More !
Traitor & fake Christian. Not a follower of Jesus Christ!
You MUST protect the citizens of this country. It has already been overrun and our border policy is a laughing stock.  Aside from additional taxpayer burden, what are these people bringing to this country?  Cheap labor? Over population? Crime? More illegals?
When a foreigner enters this country carrying and waving the flag of their country, they are not seeking asylum, they are invading!!!!
Invasion!!!! Set up tables with info to be filled out by invasion participants. Set a COURT date.  See them when  it's their turn in five years.  Not on our side of the border.
We have laws and we must decide who we will let In This country.
Unfortunately, many who cross the borders are not good people. I was a teacher and some of the illegals in our district were horrific. One of my 12 year old student’s illegal brother was raping http://her.Mom  knew and would not stop it. She was trying to hide it so he
@grace_mariano2 @realDonaldTrump Eventually we need someone to work on Tomatoes  Farmers...to keep prices low... and I love the cute little Mexicans that come with them after they grow up become NFL players and Doctors 
God. How do we get you out of this country. A majority of these people are families trying to find refuge. How fucking dare you.
Wall doesnt help. Theyll climb anyway. Ive read u should electrify the wall
Good lord!  Only a Republican would characterize people requesting asylum from horrid conditions as an act of defying our border; despicable in in every sense of the word.  They didn't rush the wall and throw up ladders.  Karma will bring you back as an impoverished black muslim.
They’re not asking they are demanding. Then milk us dry. Something must b done!

When bleeding heart #Liberals want U2 eat their propaganda about the poor migrants & asylum seekers drive around UR local area & look at all of the #USA citizens that R homeless battling 4 their own survival with no hope, no help & nobody looking out 4 them. #LegalB4Illegal
Congress should change this stupid immigration law. Jerry Brown and all this democrats should open their house for this refugees. Let refugees live at Pelosi and Schumer home and Cuomo too.
They don’t call it De-fense...for nothing!
What you going to do Mr. President? Let them run the USA?
I know it would be expensive but another Panama canel there would be helpful. That or load the waters with real gaters. That will slow down crossing, too. Sounds cruel but let those people fight for their own country quick making our country worse.
Please consider cutting aid off to Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala. The money people from these countries that is sent back is in the millions! If not, add a tariff to the money flowing out! #BorderWall  #BuildTheWallNow  #CaravanOfIllegals #VeteransFirst
#USAkillYemenis
We have a military...let's use them here.
What can WE DO to help you to accomplish this?

We just CAN'T allow this!

We can't lose our country to thugs.
I never knew someone could be so full of hate. Please just go away.
End the free stuff.   They will leave.
Try taking it out on our Congress instead of those seeking a better life. Ain't it they who make our laws.
#YouAreAMoron
WeThePeople will each give $1 toward the Wall! Please POTUS designate a member of your cabinet to manage this endeavor and keep WeThePeople informed via social media and designated locations throughout the country!
We already have those lawmakers but the GOP has them overpowered and won’t let them save America from you.
I would also like to thank you very much sir for tipping the bucket upside down and shaking things up! You're doing a great job president Trump keep up the good work! Thank you very much sir.
No you need to STOP get ICE and fucking borders patrol is NOT doing them job right is fucking 25 ILLEGALS by the casino in Temecula California i just see THEM wtf you doing. California taxpayers getting fucking tired just remember something very serious is going to happen i feel
Umm... you’re a first gen American on your mom’s side. She was a Scottish immigrant.
We are with you all the way Mr. President. Trump 2020.
I am not afraid of immigrants who want a better life, I am afraid of SPANKY starting a war!
President Trump,  we elected you to solve this problem, it seems to be getting worse.  PLEASE PLEASE STOP THE INVASION our country is under attack

There were 260,000,000 Latin American children in 1970 with no education, no skills, And Hungry.
A Time Bomb for the USA!
And missionaries, comdoms & Pills have not stopped them. They keep Making Love.  You must build the Wall.
No one with a brain believes for a second this 'caravan' just appeared by fluke. Its a Trojan horse payed for by very wealthy #Trump haters
Well so far we have processed 26 of them, one has nothing to do with the other. Hey, when are you going to really start the wall the Mexico is paying for?  Lol
The vagrant #fakepresident who is openly squatting in our White House shows how weak & ineffective US election laws are!
You the man, John Tester!  Keep doing what you are doing.  Your people will back you if you back them.  Forget the blowhard, DJT.
They are openly defying you. Jesus said feed my sheep, care for the poor, take care of the orphans. Help the widows. He didn't say only do it for Americans. You hipocrit. He also said it's easier for a camel to go thru an eye of a needle than it is for a rich man to get 2 heaven
Go look at the pics of these people from the caravan. There are several young men throwing gang signs. DO NOT let them into this great country!!
Actually Donni you are the weak, ineffective person you have always been.
America became first when it accepted immigrants from the rest of the world. The first economy was built by the hard work of African Americans. The best educators, artists, and scientists came from other countries. Most came knowing 2 or 3 languages.
At least Senator Tester hasn’t colluded with Russia and is under federal investigation like you. He is an honest American. You can’t say that about yourself.
Politicians who will put America first? Like you & Jarred, who sold the lives of innocent Iranians & those of our military to Saudi Arabia in exchange for bailing Jarrod out of looming bankruptcy, & the loss of 666 Park Ave? Those kinds of Americans who share a thirst for power?
666 5th Ave
HEAT SEEKING BORDER DRONES
http://www.tibetanreview.net/china-deploys-radars-drones-to-enhance-border-surveillance/ …

Mr. President, I really thought when I voted for you that you would run this country. However, it seems more apparent to me that you are utterly powerless against the Elites who really run this country. Sad!

If you hate our Constitutional Republic so much why not just move to another country that supports your ideology????????
U asshole Trumpers are the ones who should go. America has ALWAYS been a melting pot for different races & cultures. Except for Native Americans, we all came from immigrants or immigrated here, incl U, moron. So move or STFU w/ UR bitchin’! #putinbot #Bot #TheResistance #RESIST
