Will Donald Trump receive the Nobel Peace Prize for bringing North and South Korea together?

Doubtful, but unscrambling the letters in "Nobel Peace Prize" does reveal a possible chapter in the Stormy Daniels saga:

"Epic bra peel zone".
God bless...
Trump Org, your beautiful little launderette,
James Shaw Jr
Yet your tax cuts helped the biggest businesses while making it harder for some small business. I wonder why......
Your wife hates you
Sure as hell not enjoying anything you “do for them”. You haven’t helped small businesses in the slightest
In technical terms all of business and economy is getting higher as well as us bringing jobs to the US so small business is in fact being helped because of the growth in economy you uneducated Trojan Moldovan mutha fucka
TRUMP IS AMAZING HE IS DOING SO GOOD HE IS MY LORD AND SAVIOR GOD
#Resist #Impeach #GunControlNow #NeverAgain #votethemout #MarchForOurLives #LockHimUp #FuckfaceVanClownstick
Shameful
Thank you @realDonaldTrump, @POTUS!
  Appreciate the acknowledgement. I opened my own small bookstore last July,  and it's been an incredible experience so far!
#3rdSpaceBookstore
#SmallBusinessWeek

Small business, small hands....
Starting a business w/No income for 18 months is not for the faint of heart. It is however invigorating to help drive the economy. Stay strong Mr President. #entrepreneur #long-game
Keep up the great work Mr. President!
With help from small loans of a million dollars of course.
Really? A lot of small businesses  are still suffering under this so called tax plan. The only ones who actually benefit from this is .millionaires and billionaires.
Cheers Donald!
I celebrate Donald Trump EVERY day!! 
Take a nap Orange man

Let's also take a moment to mourn small businesses that went under because you don't pay you bills.
Your #GOPTaxScam will increase my taxes next year....  on behalf of small businesses everywhere
You're not alone... https://m.youtube.com/results?q=donald%20trump%20rips%20off%20contractor&sm=3 …




Liberalism is a mental disorder, read the book.
Also celebrating the ones who have closed since your election?? Thanks a lot....

tits out for Migrants
Reminds me of Red Riding Hood.  Not to big, not to small, just right.
It’s really sad you don’t pay your workers! 
Or the small businesses you've purchased goods and services from.

Weee Weee

>>
Still has more than you! Which makes you envious!
Is there a big business week, when we acknowledge the miserable scumbags across our country who started, operated, grew their own wealth, then bankrupted their businesses, screwing over numerous hardworking contractors and creditors - especially small businesses - in the process?
Like GM, WorldCom, MCI, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, sears, Kmart, etc.These companies should be required to pay their debts not walk away and cheat taxpayers.
I certainly agree, but none of those companies are ‘celebrating’ the hard-working Americans running small businesses, while simultaneously fucking them over by repeatedly declaring bankruptcy so he doesn’t need to pay them.
Kanye 2020 VC
MAGA





Speaking of the Adam's Family. . .
Like u would know anything about that. You are better at putting small businesses out of business. Plus the tax break did nothing for us. I guess we don’t get a new car or a vacation
How do you know? You have a small business? Yea didnt think so hypocrite!
He started small
Yes. Small loan of a million dollars from his daddy.
Stop being jealous!
Btw. Your eyes are closed in your photo.
Yes that is what happens when you listen to Pink Floyd! You enjoy what you are hearing.
During High Level Crimes against America Week (A PBS future Special) We celebrate the man responsible for exposing the truth.  Robert Mueller. Broadcasting everywhere but Faux News. Please joins for #MuellerTime 8pm CDT
...what truth is that exactly? No ties to Russia even your dems keep saying it! Moron!
Oh what a proving of truth comeback! Seriously, I doubt you can do any better. Ill wait though for more BS lines from the ignorant!
You're a waste of time, bye now...
Um...thanks for pointing out your own hypocrisy there!
ALSO this...
You. Don't. Matter. To. Me.
That is great to know because jonestky I wouldnt want to matter to someone who doesnt matter even to themselves!

'I moved on her like a bitch.

I did try to fuck her, she was married.…
How small is small, Don? Like, 'a million dollar loan from your dad' small, or like, "oops, literally no one wanted to buy my Trump Vodka, Trump Steaks, Trump Ice, Trump Magazine [et al]; guess I'll just buy a casino and run it into the ground instead" small?
How many businesses have you tried run, open, create? Yea I thought so scum bag!
Just successful ones, thanks. With no “loans” from daddy. Also, “scumbag” is a compound word.
Proof or STFU!
Oh, wait! You wanted proof that “scumbag” is a compound word, didn’t you? Sorry, my mistake. Best I can do on the spot is this quote from Google: scum·bag
ˈskəmˌbaɡ
noun informal
a contemptible or objectionable person.
Lol doesnt matter what kind of word it is. It is you regardless!
Neat! I passed third grade English, how ‘bout you?
Lol you are so much better than everyone else! Hypocrite!
All you care about is the large corporations and the big donors that run them. So stop with the fake sh*t.
Small business week? 
Or will it be #FakeNews week or #WitchHunt week? or #NoCollusion week? or #Golfing week?

It'll be interesting to see how much you really talk about small business. 

#NotMyPresident
Not your president because you arent an American!
PLEASE don't tell anyone, OK? 
Actually I'm not even HUMAN! 
Please keep that secret too.
Admitting that you are a Russian bot eh? Finally one of you tell the truth of who the real Russian bits are!
Man! You got me AGAIN! 
How do you DO it? 
Yes, after my craft landed on Earth in Siberia, I blended in with the Russian people.
I developed a fondness for Vodka and became a Russian bit bot 
Is it bit or bot???
#TrumpRussia #TrumpTowerTreason #TrumpRussiaCoverUp 
Keep talking liddle criminal
Yea such a criminal...still waiting on that proof though!
By giving tax breaks to large corporations!
You inherited a fortune and have gone bankrupt 6 times. 
Maybe you're not the guy to be talking to. 
Most small businesses don't Launder Russian money to make ends meet!
Launder money? You have proof of this? Or you just tryimg to frame @POTUS for the actions involved in the transferring of funds into the Clintin Foundation from several Russian companies? Hypocrite!
Care to comment on Sen Rubio’s comment?
Hmm makes a statement with no sources and no proof to back up the claim. Yet, you eat up as if it was the golden truth! You should go research that claim so you can see yourself as the moron you are!

After a Republican housing bubble and Republican led lending spree, YES, the housing market went to hell. 
Even GW Bush would admit it wasn't @BarackObama's fault but (again) you're just wanting to be outraged at things you don't understand.
Dodd/ Frank ( Democrats) caused the housing crash you lib tard. But I’m sure facts are not on your radar
Dodd Frank was in RESPONSE to the Bush banking & housing crisis.
How can ANYONE miss this?
WRONG! TThe crisis was caused be Bill Clinton trying to make a right for Americans to own a home whether they could afford it or not. To make it worse, they would lend home owners 110% plus of the homes value.
Not only did the collapse happen because of lax lending policies created by Republicans, Trump is taking us back there as quickly as he can.
"If you've got a business, you didn't build that!"
Actually I think @RayburnThompson is on our side in this. He posted that to show how ridiculous Obama's claim was.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We celebrate you during Small Penis Weak. We celebrate you every day. #MAGA
And that became real hard to open one, with high taxes and regulations out the whazoo.  States are to blame as well.  They're job killers too.
There’s the kiss of death with that stunning endorsement
Fear Jehovah, Save his Children from British fraud called Nigeria. #Referendum for Biafra
If your definition of a celebration is to increase their taxes and make their health care insurance so expensive that they can't afford it for themselves or their workers, then yes, we're having a fucking carnival!
The Republican Party is Lost In The Wilderness of self deception.Trump’s Sec of State Rex says Trump’s a MOROM, Chief of Staff Kelly says he’s an IDIOT. Trump believes he’s Gods gift to women.White Evangelicals says he’s the Messiah!  
@CTmagazine @ChristianPost @ChrisChurchView
Gibson Guitars filed Chapter 11.  Last year you touted them as one of the great companies who still produce in the USA. https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.commercialappeal.com/amp/484691001 …. So much fucking winning
And whose taxes you raised!

@larry_kudlow Dow DOWN 350 Points! Not good for ECONOMY AND VOTES! U.S. Industrials Slump as Factory Expansion Slows!  PLEASE ADDRESS!
You have no interest in small business success.

I own a small business. Think I’ll follow your golden rule… File bankruptcy and don’t pay contractors or subcontractors. Then find a new partner to give me more money so I can screw the public again.
THANK YOU @realDonaldTrump 

JUST OPENED APRIL OF THIS YEAR! I will be proud to make @paintandchel be Brazoria County Texas' favorite paint and chill place.

You encouraged me, with your "Americans are dreamers too" speech.

Keep up the hard work!
And who didn’t go bankrupt and screw their suppliers 
Unless you want to start a legal cannabis business. Shameful!!
When will it be Bankrupt A Casino week?
Thank you for recognizing that Mr. President, keep up the great work!!!
It's nice to be recognized AND understood by the POTUS for a change! Congressman Devan Nunes was in my restaurant today. He gets it as well. Thank you Mr. President!
Check out @FCBayernEN’s Tweet:
 BAAAAAAAYYYYEEEEEERN! 

#packmas @ChampionsLeague #MiaSanMia #FCBayern #RMAFCB 
Yes, but how about giving the small business owners a break here and there.  it's a tough run owning a small business & it feels like you big business guys always get the breaks. Specifically tax-wise.
You are really considerate of businessman, know their life to work hard, select your President is extremely correct!
President Trump is worth over 3 billion was 4 billion before he took office as president.
says who?? Him?? He hasn’t released his taxes despite saying he would, and he’s a proven liar. Give me a break with this garbage. No proof of his net worth AT ALL.
Tariffs do not help small businesses
Thanks to your intentional destabilization of insurance markets, my 30 year old business is now having a hard time paying my insurance load for my great staff.
Oh yeah. He caused Obamacare.
On top of that I blame the gas prices for the failure in our real estate market. If you bought a house you could afford before I gas prices went up $3 a gallon. When they go to $4 a gallon you can no longer afford your mortgage payment there's something wrong with this.
I will remove any image background only $5 if you have any work please hire me. Now I am service in http://fiverr.com  visit me https://www.fiverr.com/s2/79c0034285 
One way you could celebrate them is by paying all the ones you owe money to.
At the end when evil is good and good is evil, it depends on the righties good to understand that evil is not right and not right is good. Those with better morals find it easier to know the difference. You will suddenly make strange bedfellows with the less of 2 evils. MAGA
I am in the business of mocking your orange shitgibbon ass.
Small businesses like the ones you rip off and refuse to pay?
Flint MI still does not have clean water.
Hooray for small business!!!
So are you finally going to pay the contractors who did work for you?
So, you'll be cutting checks to every contractor you ever stiffed. Excellent
Does that mean I must celebrate you today? Don’t think I can do it. #maga
That way he can hire them and then not pay them
and How Many small Business did Trump put in the Ground for his own GREED
Hell! A ton of his own small businesses failed! And that was before he handicapped them with this tax scam
You should celebrate them by paying what you owe to all the small businesses you cheated out of money after they did work for you.
Heart working man
small business is struggling! We need real solutions to compete with Amazon, etc. #savemainstreet
Beggar
Thank you!

Resign.
What Donald Trump said today was disgraceful.
Stop tweeting every few minutes!
Yes you should.
Don’t forget to pay your invoices to those small businesses!
With great pleasure I thank you, truly your gracious faith and incredible love as witnessed will provide increasing results & be distinctive development in many ways improving potential growth for All. My faith, truth, and love reach out

Thank you Sir!
Celebrate the small business owners you've stiffed in the past. Hard working owners who trusted you to pay your bills. Owners who lost thousands of hard earned dollars because you refused to hold your end of a deal up. Celebrate those business owners, you hypocrite.

That would be ME!  Thank you @potus
Let’s celebrate the people you’ve screwed...
A lot number of businesses are of spanic
English patriots also run small businesses, I for one. I went bankrupt in 2011 trying to keep my business afloat. Now in 2018, I'm debt free, run a successful business and did so without any loans and no credit. Sincerely Mr Trump, you're an inspiration. God Bless you MAGA!
Oh you do, do you? Then tell em please, why small businesses pay more taxes than you do? Why is it that when we thrive and need to hire more people, we can’t afford to due to employment taxes?
F them their _crewing their employees!!!!!
He copied and pasted this definition of what happens during small business week
Please you could care less about small business owners because they do nothing for your bottom line.
Hey Sir. Why is CNN still on in every Airport Terminal? Really. Why?

You mean celebrate them by crushing them with the #ELDmandate that cost $2 Billion and counting.
The small businesses you have stiffed over the years are not celebrating
Chuck Faint Realty Team, Property Management and Auctions is a small business that THANKS you very much Mr. President Sir! #GoTrumpGo!
Are you unschooled?! :)))
Trump and Mike Mulvaney are destroying the lives of millions of Americans with their support for payday lending companies. The Consumer Protection Agency stopped protecting Americans.
How about paying those you shafted
Like Trump Vodka, Trump Steaks, Trump University, Trump Ties, Trump Havana....and the list goes on....one scam after another!
Do you know that Latinas are at the forefront of small business creation in the US? Of course you don’t.
He knows it and is part of the reason. Go Latinas!
Construction companies are small businesses.

How many of them have you put out of business by refusing them payment, and then challenging them in court with your team of lawyers?

America, this president cares about himself and his wealthy friends - NOT the average person.
Using that argument is flawed as Trump used many companies that were well established before he used them. If they failed because of him, they were taking too many risks using him as a sole client. #QANON #MAGA #GREATAWAKENING I want to find out if any actually did fail. Links?
how many have u personally shut down by ur unethical scummy business practices??
We need to work out that small American clothing manufacturers can get their products back with WalMart and also reciprocally exported to markets like Europe. Texas Jeans, Round House, L. C. King ... all made in the USA.
Sehr gut!Lg Herzliprinz Marco
So I called the person who spoke disparaging about our president a moron and the lib blocked me.  Too funny.  Keep up the great work Mr. President.
Mr. President----please stop with the global tariff talk ... this kind of thing is destroying our stock market.  The economy is not doing as well as you are saying ... with all due respect from one of your voters and supporters ... remember, America first...
While you take all there hard earned away great job doofus’s
Let me guess, you're going to tax them for not winning enough.
TRUMP 
Best of luck.
I thought Obama started all the small businesses in America!
Obama couldn't start a business if he had investors.
#GuiltyBastard Delusional Donnie claims to support small business, yet his massive tax increases over the next 10 years eliminate tax breaks needed to operate & grow small businesses & for independent entrepreneurs/contractors in favor of big rich corporations & his rich cronies!
He's to blame that tax breaks weren't made permanent? Weird logic.
New applications for U.S. jobless benefits increased less than expected last week and the number of Americans receiving unemployment aid fell to its lowest level since 1973, pointing to tightening labor market conditions.
like a mafia don in charge . corrupt to the core - most corrupt cabinet in America's History #VoteThemOut @GOP @houseGOP @senateGOP #resistance
Trump couldn't even successfully run small businesses...so he celebrates those who can. 
Also, he is guilty of collusion and lying. 
#FatNixon 
#StupidGate
Why do I as a small business owner make so little money that I’m considered poverty line? Small business owners mean nothing to you, so don’t patronize me!

Like all the small businesses you have screwed while building your tacky buildings ?
President Trump why are you doing anything about human rights violations and abuses in the world most important in Nigeria by the President of Islamic Republic of Nigeria Muhammadu Buhari who is killing innocent civilians.
Yet your DOT and NTSB appointees have overseen the appointment of a system that has limited the growth of independent truckers exponentially #ELDorME
You know what, .@MELANIATRUMP NEVER looked this good! I don't blame you one bit. #GrabStormyByThePussy!
There is a link between our physical and verbal actions and emotions. If, instead of anger, hatred and suspicion, we are moved by loving-kindness, we will naturally have greater respect for others and our actions will be non-violent.
It would have been nice if you paid some of the small businesses that worked for you. Instead, you did not pay them for services rendered, thus you really are a criminal.
He supported more small businesses through the years than you could name
He stuffed as many as he could. That’s just not good business practice!
Mr. Bankruptcy.....
President Trump is renegotiating and revising our nation’s trade deals, for the benefit of our shared prosperity.
The United States will advocate for sensible and fair reforms to the WTO, promoting rules for efficient markets, expanded trade, and greater wealth for all nations.
ENFORCING AND DEFENDING U.S. TRADE LAWS: Recognizing that bad actors have taken economic advantage of the United States for too long, President Trump is taking urgent action to safeguard American interests.
President Trump is promoting our economic and security, both at home and abroad.
Yay, because it's about time the Business Schools took a back step so that Trade Schools can flourish once again.
Yet we reward the large corporations

Congratulations Mr. President for celebrating Small Business Week. I believe that you owned a number of small businesses........of course they were originally large businesses before you took them over.
Aren't these the same folks you routinely shafted?
Works' day man, have a sleep and good fuck with your wife.
Let’s have another Infrastructure Week!
#SmallBusinessWeek Massachusetts Small Businesses Need Help! $15/hr Minimum Wage, 6 Months Paid Family Nedical Leave...Help stop this insanity!
Oh, I was hoping for another infrastructure week, but small business week is good, too!
Thank you @potus !!!!
Thank you. I am a small business owner and appreciate your support.
All the while trying to take down #Amazon where thousands of entrepreneurs run their business.  SAD! #Entrepreneurship
Oh you mean like how you did with Trump University you damn scam artist.
People like you celebrate it because it's a small business, and a large corrupt businessman like yourself, can gobble it up and put a family on the streets.
How about you start by paying your contractors....
The small businesses that you continually ripped off as a strategy because you know they couldn’t afford lawyers to chase down their money? #donthecon
ABSOLUTELY,  SMALL BUSINESS IS KEY TO NEW EMPLOYMENT AND ENTERPRISE;  MUCH MORE RESILIENT THAN CORPORATE AMERICA; TOYS R US,  BON TON... THATS 1000 STORES TO CLOSE... NOT GOOD..

He did it, you guys! Trump made over 3,000 false claims since taking office. That’s more than 6.5 lies a day. 
Hurray. My daughter is one of these visionaries
And I'm one of them!!
During Small Business Week we don't celebrate presidents who refuse to release their taxes.
Thank you Mr. President! This is our 30th year in business after literally surviving for the last 10. Profit margins up last 16 months & our store is fully stocked again with quality Made in the USA products, not China & money to improve our brick & mortar.
중소기업 살려야 경제활성화 될 것입니다
Do you also celebrate all the people that are on the verge of losing everything cause of your "great leadership"?
In Nigeria we've been called Lazy by our own president @MBuhari saying that all we do is to just sit down and do nothing. In a country where most youth have to fend for themselves get generator to replace electricity, get borehole to replace good water supply.&were still lazy?
