Damn, I miss the last Real President, Obama. Despite years of intense criticism and obstruction of his agenda, NEVER once did he complain or whine about it. He never bragged about his accomplishments nor did he lie about things he hadn’t done. You’ll NEVER measure up to him.
A real self made Man.
Tell me more about how Obama's America was "self made"

You mean the boarded up windows on millions of houses across the country?

You mean the high unemployment rates?

You must mean the highest number of Americans on food stamps in history?

Yeah- that was "great" alright.



Trump is the best President ever!
 #TrumpCULT
John Kelly called you an idiot. HR McMaster called you a dope. Rex Tillerson called you a fucking moron.
White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly on Monday denied he said President Trump is an “idiot,” calling an NBC News story that said he had done so “total BS.”
"Secretary Tillerson does not use that type of language,” Heather Nauert said during a press briefing at the State Department. “The secretary did not use that type of language to speak about the president of the United States. He does not use that language to speak about anyone.”
"McMaster’s position on Islam can scarcely be distinguished from that of Obama. He has also been a strong defender of Obama’s foreign policy in general but especially Obama’s nuclear agreement with Iran, which has been strongly opposed by Trump"
Obama surrounded himself with followers of Islam as he himself is muslim. Those who were not born into the muslim faith converted to Islam. They were chosen for the top positions in the Obama administration.
"McMaster is purging pro-Israel staff from the National Security Council (NSC), turning the administration against President Donald Trump’s policies."  He was the worst possible choice.  All Obama holdovers need to be purged and security clearances revoked.
So just like Christianity and Judaism etc then.
Don't know about that.  I haven't  witnessed any Christians or Jews yelling "kill all infidels" meaning ALL who are not like them."  I also haven't noticed them throwing many LGBTs from roofs, or oppressing women, or bombing marathons and other events
You are the bad person, you're the one that's being suspicious and doesn't believe anything that the press says, but here, pretty soon, I think you're going to be wearing an orange jumpsuit and handcuffs so we need to just wait this one out.
I’ve been hearing liberals say that for over a year now. “Being suspicious?” Only an idiot would accept everything the media says as fact. If you’re not suspicious of the media’s validity, you have truly been brainwashed. Media on both sides are constantly being proven wrong.

Have you ever noticed that people who say things like that often disregard factual evidence for the sake of their own dysfunctional theories based on severely flawed mainstream narratives which sprouted from nothing but blind hatred for the president?
And that I do I hate this president. I hate him with all of my heart, I will be glad when he is led out in handcuffs.
Glad to know how you really feel. Enjoy the next 6 years of hating YOUR president.
Not gonna happen, sweetie. But hey, enjoy your delusion.
This entire tweet makes no sense.
Dude. You’re unhinged
The only one who’s unhinged here is you.
He is not the only one unhinged, we all are hell the man is saving the world and the liberal and Dems are talking about mean girl stuff.


As long as we have @realDonaldTrump in office.
Well, that ship is flaming and sinking like a stone. You know he's going out in handcuffs. And you should get a straitjacket when they pick you up.

The most tasteless part of your humor is that nobody in my group of friends and followers ever advocated for shooting trump. But you cornflakes were all about making murder jokes toward Obama. And the reason is you're racists, vile and inhuman.
It needs to stop !
Isaiah 54:10
For the #mountains shall depart And the #hills be removed, But My #kindness shall not depart from you, Nor shall My #covenant of #peace be removed,” Says the #Lord, who has #mercy on you.
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #JesusHeals  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus is our #Savior  #FollowJesus  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus is our #Lord  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
Romans 13:1-2
Let every #soul be #subject to the governing #authorities. For there is no #authority except from #God, and the #authorities that exist are appointed by #God. Therefore whoever resists the #authority resists the #ordinance of #God, and those who [1/2]
resist will bring #judgment on themselves. [2/2]

Hey when are we gonna see ya on fox and friends again. You are just so wonderful we get such great news from you. You know you are your best spokesperson. Soon I hope.
Who is REALLY unhinged??? You need help!
The gall of you!!! Talking shit about the press, you lie every single day, and you talk about them? You are going down!!!
Projection 101.
So called administration lost out starting WW3 when Un blew up his testing facility. Now you've moved to #Iran. #Israel has already played you & are playing you again, just like the Saudis are, watch those gas prices going up!
It about who's playing #Trump this week. Incompetent!
The dumbest people ever are the ones who keep "resisting" President Trump.


Poor Becca. Trying desperately to be relevant...
I agree Mr. President.  They are becoming desperate.
Well Blow me Down Son ..What might these Individuals be .. Only Fake News out there Is Fox News the Republican propaganda Network ...Some Hate the truth ...Son ...
When it comes to you, they don’t need to make anything up.
With you, truth is truly stranger than fiction!
Not as unhinged as you tiny-hands! #fakepresident #Muellertime


Sounds like maybe you’re going a little crazy.
The first thing a dictator does is to take control of the media. Breed distrust amongst the population by telling them they are being lied to. This is text book and a lot of people are falling for this lie
Get your shit together Donnie

Not much of a #stableginius
Sit down with muller and release your tax returns

Unhinged - where did I hear that word?   LMAO
You are fake news.
More projection I see. SAD! Grow up
#FakeNews
Yawn
Fake news=lies=lying=Trump


YOU DON’T STOP! I’m so sick of your Lügenpresse shit omg 
Imagine how #GOODAMERICANS feel about your inane bleats. 
" Un-hinged " is the only way to describe the psychotic Left.... Our @POTUS could cure cancer & the Left would scream," HE COLLUDED WITH THE RUSSIANS!!"... It's sick & overplayed.
obviously your tv only gets one channel-fox news.
No, unfortunately my television gets @cnn & @MSNBC & all the other Liberal garbage networks... Sucks, I know.

Resign
The press doesn’t need to create false stories. You do enough if that on your own. I’m waiting to see which comments you need to backtrack tomorrow.
Someone who still says he wants to totally destroy N Korea is not someone who can be given the Nobel Peace Prize. Step back and give others the credit for once. That way the rest of the world will praise you, but not at the moment you are too fickle.
You are the one who is unhinged #LyingDonald #Maga
You're talking about yourself.
Flashback: How Fox News Promoted Trump's Birtherism
More name calling, great addition to adult conversations.

Please continue to allow others to tell you how to think.  It will keep you in your “safe space.”
Fake, and making up stories? You mean like, "John Barron" kind of fake?

#shutthefuckup
History is forged by the heart of heroes! Our people need a leader like Donald J Trump! One with the strength & courage to face any obstacle! 1 like = 1 respect 
You are an idiot
#IStandWithPresidentTrump!

#MAGA!
#MondayMotivation!
Dear @POTUS, 

On behalf of all #Deplorables, please read below. We have your back...know that!

…
You are the president of the United States. Grow up. You’re embarrassing yourself.
Sadly, he does not have the capacity for embarrassment. That's part of the problem.
The Great Projectionist is at it again! 
YOU are going crazy.
YOU make up false stories.
YOU use unnamed sources.
YOU are totally unhinged. 
YOU say things you can't believe you are saying.
YOU are a truly bad person. 
YOU are literally every one of those things.
This Spot is Totally occupied by the Donald  ; * TRUMP  ! # ONE  PUBLIC ENEMY  !
Public enemy for exposing the truth
^ Here bot, bot, bot!  The Lyin' King wouldn't know "truth" if it smashed him in his little circle mouth. ***BOT REPORTED***
^ I'm a troll? Bahahahahaha!!! You popped into MY comment thread. Go away and don't come back until you have a basic grasp of the English language, Bot Boy.
I jumped into my the original post cause it’s ridiculous the lies people believe from the media
You jumped into MY sub-thread. Just so you know, YOU are the definition of “troll” here. Move on.
Great success?
It must drive you crazy that people on your team are working to undermine you and prevent you from destroying our democracy. Ha! Thank goodness for them.
Amen to that. Hopefully he's learned his lesson about asking for people's loyalty. Like he's some damn my boss who stands above the law.
Your like the boy who cried wolf. You have told so many proven lies that no one knows what to believe anymore. Doesn't that make you a "truly bad person"?
Learn English, it is You are, not “Your”! And while you are at it...please tell us about the “proven lies”!
Just like Trump, has to mention a fault to boost his own ego and yet @michelleisawolf has to be accountable for her jokes. As previously mentioned it's too many lies to list but you can start with the inauguration crowd and end with not knowing anything about @StormyDaniels.
Give me a break! How about all of Hillary’s lies? Do you support Hillary despite all of her proven lies?
Again another person bringing up @HillaryClinton! That's the past and I'm talking about our current president lying. If almost everything he says is a lie or exaggeration then you cant believe anything is true. I've always been optimistic but his lies have ruined that.
Enlarge photo and it is obvious 2013 and 2017 show people all the way back to the monument.  The small crowd photos were debunked as they were taken long before event took place and crowds were not all there yet.
#LockHerUp #LockHerUp
Why do people still act like there is a competition between @realDonaldTrump, @HillaryClinton, and @BarackObama? Trump is the president and all he's done is bully and lie or exaggerate.
Whose saying its a competition.  Its about media lying and showing inaccurate photos the the public.  They are the ones making it a competition.
Trump biographer stuns Chris Hayes by explaining sexual dysfunction caused by hair growth pill prescribed to Trump.
We are watching . Just call you will have a small army in no time at all . 64 million Americans can’t be wrong
Trump 2020

Amen our President i believe with my head then my heart and soul facts have been hidden false witness against all that is for nationalism.attacks on my vehicles vandalised for Trump stickers .and they wear mask and call names at rallies without merit
New York Times Co. v United States, 403 U.S. 713 (1971)

"Only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government...newspapers should be commended for serving the purpose that the Founding Fathers saw so clearly..." - Justice Hugo Black, Assoc. Justice
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
'If you run into an asshole in the morning, you ran into an asshole. If you run into assholes all day, you're the asshole." - Justified
@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @LCNM99 @bannerite @Mooncatadams @MtnMD @zeitgeistbabe #WomensHealth #Family #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC #Navy #NoBallsDonnie

Everyday
The LACK of a Professional White House
is Displayed by Incoherent Guilt Filled BS Tweets
http://www.trumptwitterarchive.com 
LOCK HER UP!!!! #ReleaseTheVideo #Pizzagate #Pedogate #MAGA #Pedophile #Podestas #JamesAlefantis #NoPerverts #EvilRothschilds
 
Great Site for - ALL Q posts :)  https://www.neonrevolt.com/ 
Can't wait for this to happen!
#impeachment
This is the rhetoric of dictators and madmen. Which are you?
@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @LCNM99 @kjoerwin @bannerite @Mooncatadams @MtnMD @zeitgeistbabe #WomensHealth #California #PuertoRico #Family #FBI #Veterans #USMC #Navy #NoBallsDonnie#Education

PROJECTION Donnie
Continues to Be His Own Worst Enemy
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/07/the-success-of-smoke-and-mirrors/533706/ …
These people risk their lives everyday to get the real news to us. What you desire Trump is a state run propaganda Media that you control in order to lie to the American People everyday.  The Fake News is your lies everyday. We will not give in to a dictatorship led by you.
Were they the same unnamed sources who said that President Obama wasn't born in the U.S.? Just wondering.
Projecting much???!!!
i still cannot believe this guy is our president. christ.
The "leak" came from YOUR CAMP
"Unhinged" eh? Its hilarious that ur vocabulary is so limited that you have to resort to using words you've only heard to describe yourself in order to make sad attempts at insulting others. 

You should really consider using a dictionary, expand your vocabulary a bit... its SAD!
Seems to me you are  the one making up false stories using unnamed sources and are REALLY unhinged
Get some help dude.
Thanks to you Mr. President my eyes are now opened! The press is truly a disgrace and never to be trusted. I can’t believe we arrived this far left. Sad.
#GazaMassacre 
Actually, you have it all wrong. It is you that are totally unhinged. Everyone knows that even if they deny saying it. They just deny saying things because, as long as they grovel, you're okay with that.
The news media is unhinged? Those in glass houses, Donny T...
If your administration was such a success you wouldn't be attacking journalists in the 1st place.
No worries,sir. We The People aren't fooled. Hillary made that mistake, thinking we are stupid & see what happened to her! GO TRUMP! MAGA♡MAGA
That’s because he won on our prayers...We need to pray that the Lord saves POTUS from the Libtards threats, lies, etc...
If all of this is fake, why do you spend endless hours tweeting about it? #conspiracy
You know who else called them FAKE NEWS Donny? We do!
https://twitter.com/safeagain1/status/991184078895570944 … are the generals unhinged or is don? #MAGA wake up
Wow - another General speaks out.  @realdonaldtrump  Unfortunately we don't have a commander in chief right now as much as a wannabe banana republic strongman . #RemoveTrump #Resist #TrumpRussiaConspiracy …
omg Obama never whines and complained about something. He worked hard to make the USA a better place. And now a man is being rude to people who have loves as well.
I wish Canada had a leader such as yourself.  America is blessed to have a president that actually loves his country and the people in it!!!
Its called hate !

We, the people of the US of A are so stupid. Not by choice. We've been kept in the dark. Take back your rights as free rulers of your own life. Here's proof we're slaves to the English "Crown" the Rothschilds bankers
Once again Donald ... GONG - you're wrong!
Unhinged. Mirror mirror on the wall...

You and your administration have no "great success," only delusions!!!
Yes, yes your lying faked health report was the biggest lying health report of any president ever. Let me rewrite it for you with suitable hyperbole: D Trump is the most pathologically lying president ever. The most unqualified, personality-disordered most unfit POTUS ever!
As usual, you blame others for what actually describes you. Unhinged, false stories, mysterious “many people are saying”, and yes you are truly a bad person. #SociopathInChief
You're all telling with these "unhinged" tweets , orange beast. Guilty as hell!
#trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar #trumpisabigfatliar
Fascists like you try to discredit the free press so that the truth will be suppressed. Spanky tRump, you won’t do it here in America. Go live in Russia where you belong. We won’t take your lying BS. #TheResistance #TraitorTrump #WorstPresidentInHistory #TrumpCrimeFamily
@cnnbrk @ABCNews @CBSNews @NBCNews @SNLUpdate It is quite obvious to all by now...YOU CAN’T HANDLE THE TRUTH!!!  #BadPresident  #sad
Donald can you hook me up with some of that hair growing medication your doctor prescribed. Asking for a friend 
Trump once again implemented in ASSAULT (and sounds sexual in nature)  Bornstein feeling "raped, frightened and sad."

"FAKE PRESIDENT"
Fixed!  
Trump is going crazy making up false stories & using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). He is totally unhinged and the great success of his Administration is making them do & say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
Speaking of FAKE NEWS....Why is there no coverage of the massive protests in South Korean demanding that President Moon the GOON step down and return to North Korea?  Why not expose/disrobe Moon for the Monkey he is, a North Korean spy who is in imprisoning the opposition.  ???
Speaking of truly bad people, when is your interview with Mueller?



OBAMA. ....WHERE ARE YOU...SENDS UP BAT SIGNAL .....THE PENGUIN WONT GO AWAY
You Are The Fake News! Resign!
Congrats on the positive bump up in Gallup poll at 52%+
You're an embarrassment.
Stop projecting. You're unhinged.
First of all, just because you repeat something over & over does NOT MAKE IT TRUE. Only your "Idiot Base" falls for that. What successes? What accomplishments? 2 things, and the TAXSCAM is disastrous to our debt & doesn't help the majority of people. Your lies will catch up. LIAR

The "successes in your head". Your admin gutting Medicare, etc is going to hurt a large % of your "base". Wait until they realize it!
They won't. It will be easy enough to blame democrats or anyone involved in the medicare process. 

We are far beyond his base logically evaluating the truth.
But the timing, policies affecting it will be inarguably.
Facts will win out in the end.
President has delivered on 67% of promises made in 1st.Yr. That beats all the rest in all there yrs. Except Reagan? Reagan did all 10 things he promised In first 30 days but didn’t deliver as much as P. Trump 1st. Yr. He. Eats them all,Let the man work. Stop Fake Coup on P. Trump
They are the same unnamed sources who told you Obama was born in Kenya (who don’t exist).
Hope your administration can force Twitter to obey the 1st Amendment because they are censoring all of your followers.
Me thinks he doth protest too much !!!
They always are going crazy making up false stories. Nothing new Mr. President. 
The news isn’t fake fat boy.  And I LOVE the way you’re coming unhinged!  So, will you perjure yourself, plead the 5th (an admission of guilt) or resign when you’re forced to answer Mueller’s questions?  I’m guessing perjury.  Lying is what you do daily.
Our Fake President is shitting his pants; is totally unhinged; and according to his chief of staff is a “total idiot”. Eff u a-hole.
#TrumpLies is a divisive demagogue who is a stain on our nation. Perhaps there is a worse person, Jr.
I have been block 4 free thinking liberal today when I tried to address their tweets they block , how selfish that they only want to hear their side of the story so sad and never used to be this way. What's wrong with the left they don't even want to talk once again so sad
The Fake President is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). He is totally unhinged, and the great failure of his Administration is making him do and say things that even he can’t believe he is saying. Truly bad person!

#Resistance
You are a truly weak man.
We love you Mr.President! Keep up the GREAT work! Pay no attention to the peanut gallery... they’re obviously bored and just plain grouchy. We’re stronger than ever- and GAINING more Patriots - Thank you @Kanyewest
You need some help, really you do.
The lie always destroys itself. You are doing an amazing job Mr. President. We needed Obama in the White House someone that hated the country and hated our Constitution. He brought light to the darkness. You are batting cleanup Mr. President. God used 44 to wake a sleeping nation
How is it when Fox presents the news it’s accurate and true, but anyone else is producing “fake” news. You just can’t take criticism, which by the way has been well earned. Every time you open your mouth you get yourself into trouble your the on fake

We all know the truth ... YOU are unhinged. Brand new shiny cuffs with your name in them.
@asbjoern29  fake news!
Fake news, democrats, every ignorant liberal in America trying to kill President Trump w/constant lies, false accusations & hidden agendas. MSM getting rich off of Trump.

Sure makes it easy to know who to trust & more important, who (in our very own circles), not to Trust. 
F I R E.   M U E L L E R ,right now, the dems like distractions, give them one, go on , F I R E.  M U E L L E R , we all want to see the dem libbs go berzerk, please, F I R E.   M U E L L E R now

Your fake, idiotic statements are putting millions of people in danger. Trickle down works with propaganda campaigns, not economics. #TimeToGetLost #MuellerTime
You do realize your admitting you hate America when you keep saying things like fake news and rigged system and keep criticizing America? And your suppose to be president of the United States and praising this country, not criticizing it. Smh
I sense the Fake News is dying of its own toxic BS!
Sounds just like you!!!
Instead of fixing the problem they’re doubling down even faker news!

That’s what happens when every acceptable idea for a news story must start from the “Trump must be destroyed” premise

.

Actually your new attorney is pretty unhinged! He spilled all the beans today! Try calling that fake news, moron!
Dr. Bornstein is a named source who says you colluded with him to falsify your health evaluation.  Not fake news.  Totally open and shut case.  Propecia and comb over can't hide this one, Donnie.  Sad unhinged man with an orange face.
U can fire mueller anytime u want. Repub. have no balls. That’s y libs r getting away with everything. DRAIN IT ALREADY. PROSECUTE dems, they scatter & talk like the rats they r. But this country will b better bc of it 4 it. It’s time. Much love 
The main stream media now views itself as an obligated arm of “the resistance”.  It is not.  Fake news can’t be justified as a weapon of resistance. The courts and the press must treat Donald Trump as part of our constitutional system, not the target of a“raised fist”.
Devils for power Don’t worry my President never more will return to the White HouseMaga is Forever 
WE STAND BEHIND YOU MR.PRESIDENT!
What's up with that fake medical report Don the Con? That last Doctor admitted that you wrote the letter to the American people about your health. You started lying and haven't stopped yet. I sure hope Mueller can do something with that. You're pathetic.
Do you have herpes?? 
Respected president can you visit Nepal.
Support us
Keep up the great work President Trump, We the people are behind you 100%
The Fake Cable Team are apostle's of bad losers. The are destined to fell. 
Remain focused my most admired and performing President, God With You.
And they are so mean and hateful and say such hurtful things about people Democrats should be ashamed of their racist words and actions!
There is no real news,  that's why we need your tweets ! 
The Democrats Want To Drag All These Lies Out Untill November , And If Democrats Regain control , THE TRUTH WILL NEVER COME OUT............  ONLY LIES ☆
Should be on suicide watch if not already.
You are the truly bad one. You will die in prison. Terrific!
We will pray for u  u are God's triumph  be strong and bold
You have to be joking. They. They. Them. Everyone but you. It is a word you need to own. You are the greatest problem this country faces. You.
Don't worry, it's going to be alright,, completely stopped calling Fox & Friends, you come off crazy
They are all working for George SorIs. You need to direct the CIA
To investigate him & arrest him for Treason. Put an End to Obsma, Hillary & the deep state.
They are blinded by their hatred. Please keep up the great job you are doing and try to ignore them.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Fake news reports on new leaks harped on the POTUS as the culprit. You don't even have to scratch your head on thisbecause we allthe leaks came from Mueller...not the POTUS. It's crazy-laughable anymore. Fake news is spinning out gut-splitting comedy everyday.
Your administration is a Joke!!! You are destroying the America I Love!!!
Debate me on PBS and I will end up making you look like the little pathetic person you truly are!!! You are afraid of the average intelligent people who disagree with you!!! For the good of America!!!
Yep. Grab your .
The storm is getting close. 
#FakeNoose got ya good.
Btw, it's your noose. You created it. Only you can undo it. Tell the truth.
#IDareYou
#LoosenYourNoose
You are #FakeNews, you #FakePresident! YOU are #unhinged, you haven’t been #successful your administration is a #joke. The only truly “bad person” here is you. #gaslighting #freedomofthepress #freespeech #1AMatters #TrumpLiesMatter
Whatever you need to keep telling yourself Spanky.
Trumps the greatest, smartest president in the history of mankind.
Lets see...unnamed sources...like "John Miller"? Or how about "David Dennison"? What about "John Barron"? 
Delete your account, Comrade Trump...You're embarrassing yourself.
Kind of love Ken the 3000+ false statements you have made since taking office.

Your words mean nothing. The blue wave will shove you off your wall Humpty Dumpty. That great fall will end your kingdom and give our country relief, peace, security and prosperity.
Fake news? Fake Russian elected potus!
ARE YOU HIGH?
Maybe you should stop watching and calling @FOX NEWS if you are so worried about FAKE NEWS.
Than bad Media People must pay a prize for there misdeeds “Shalom”
Yes!  They need to be named.  Like "John Barron," or "John Miller," or "David Dennison."  Or whatever fake name you used when you checked into the Ritz Carlton in Moscow in 2013.  Or, if absolutely necessary, "many people tell me."  That works, too.
You should hold a press conference or two, absent the pretense of a visit from a foreign dignitary. It would do you good to be in a room full of professionals who know the value of research and have the country's best interests at heart. You might learn something. #FreePress

@grace_mariano2 @realDonaldTrump Thanks MrPresident Trump,even Lord Jesus had Fake Friends and Real Enemies...one day they ‘ll find out your great intentions of helping USand doing your Best...no one is perfect...we know that,let them gossip

Swallow your pride @realDonaldTrump and get some real presidential advice from @BarackObama on how to be president. #TheResistance
You are truly the Worst President in the History of the Republic. Midterm Elections are fast approaching. Beware of the Blue Wave.
@POTUS !! God bless you!! #MAGA
Maby they can't believe what they are saying because we've never had a president as corrupt and as  delusional as you.. Your gonna go down in history as the WORST PRESIDENT WE'VE EVER HAD.
Hey Donald, I hear your original doctor lied about your health exam. You did write the letter after all. That wasn't a joke and it wasn't funny. LOL like everyone couldn't tell it was written by a child. The American people want the truth, Don the Con.
Lol.  Project much. Ha ha.
oh yes, fake news.   Also we still haven't seen your birth certificate    or your taxes lol
Don’t just whine about journalists; do what a real alpha leader would do.
Prove it asshole.
