Because he's not a member of such a society. Was Scalia racist for keynoting the Nat'l Italian American Foundation’s conf?
Does the SDLRLA? Or any of Judge Curiel's associations? Also, court filings are presumptively public. You want secret courts?
I agree! Which is why Curiel ruled this way.
What HRC said about .@realDonaldTrump is far from new. Just no other pres. candidate had guts to call him out for it.
someone of a different race based on the belief that one's own race is superior:
Congrats to your party. You are the party of hate after all. Dems have known for years your party was full of racists
I'm hispanic, and I don't think questioning national loyalty is racist.
=rac·ism.the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics or abilities specific
- rac·ism.prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against
Geez, there a lot of right wing nut case racists commenting on this subject. Coming out of the woodwork like cockroaches.
LOL, guess I better not use that term again.
please run
Yep.  And about that abiding faith in the rule of law ...
Have never seen a white Racist call another white a Racist usually they stick together? 
The silence is the shock of a Nation
omg u have to run for pres bc u kno what racism is!!! thats how low the bar is for republicans!!!
Is belonging to La Raza racist?
Belonging to La Raza Lawyers Ass is not racist. La Raza is the Hispanic term for Hispanic as Basque means Basque.
La Raza is not the Spanish term for Hispanic, it's the term for race. Hispanic means Spanish-speaking.
I love how none of you folks know what it means to be La Raza ... You guys barely heard the term
I live in Texas, pendejo, I'm well familiar with both the term and the organization. Chúpeme.
ok so what does it mean baboso?  And which raza org are I talking about?  There's 100's in US
sure he did ... Hey did you hear about the Irish American lawyer org in Chicago?
please run for president! 
You want to elect a pedophile?
Brace yourself for the tidal wave of incoherent word vomit from the Trumpkins.
.@BenSasse Actually, associating yourself with a racist organization shows the possibility of bias.  La Raza = The Race  #BanLaRaza
Hey dummy, La Raza legal association is NOT the same as the activist group called La Raza.
Hey dummy - it still advocates for Hispanics over everyone else. That's bigoted.
Wrong Ellie May. It's a networking group focused on the professional development of Latino lawyers
Yeah, Jethro. They ain't exactly promoting people other than Latinos either. Means they're prejudiced.
.@GrannySkywalker @GavHull Founder of Judge Curiel’s Group: Whites Go Back to Europe, Calif. To Be ‘Hispanic State’ http://www.breitbart.com/texas/2016/06/09/whites-go-back-europe-california-hispanic-state-said-founder-judge-curiels-group/ …
so are they calling for the retreat of non-whites from Europe, cuz if so... #tcot
Demographics ARE changing & it has nothing to do with borders. If that bothers you, you SHOULD leave.
Whatever replaces the mess that is the modern-day Republican Party, you should be at the head of it.
+ @marcorubio = Dream Team!
Yeah.  Florida seems to think so!! :)
@BenSasse
fool
Thank You Ben, will Senator Fischer come out against these racist comments, too? I don't expect Pete Ricketts will have a comment.
Was Strom Thurmond a racist?
Yes-but most definitely dead and not running in this election.  Nice deflection with historical reference
Strom Thurmond is the bridge between the Dixiecrats and the post-Goldwater GOP. It's you're conservative heritage!
Can't figure out if you are serious about my"conservative heritage"? Thanks for the fun today My kids will love to hear it!
@sahilkapur Public Service Announcement
Mr. Trump said the background of the judge, who was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrants
The judge is part of La Raza ("The Race") and obviously got mad when Trump said something, he's not fit.
proof?
look down on the bottom right under community--this is his law firm
so your point is a group who calls themselves "The People" is honoring him.  for shame.
It's "the people" as in the chosen people like how jews call themselves.
so you think Jews are racist?
The whole state of Israel is basically and ethno-nationalist state.
Hi @BenSasse .  Mexican isn't a race,  it is a nationality.  You are virtue signaling and it's not impressive.
So an anti semite isn't a racist because jews aren't a race? Methinks you're playing coy ;)
Jews are a race, national loyalty is not, you are grasping at straws.
News flash: all races are socially constructed. No genetic basis for divisions.
A dodge is a dodge.
wtf is the dodge?

If this isn't just trump whining, his lawyers will motion for recusal. Spoiler: they won't
we'll find out
he's just whipping up the rubes as always. His lawyers know they'll be sanctioned.
@NeverTrumpPAC Little groveling ladyboy.
@sovivACEous so. He's being politically correct?
You are an IDIOT if you think Donald Trump has a racist bone in his body! You have an agenda!! And the LIES need to stop!
Your thoughts on folks who self-mutilate then become a pioneer/advocate of the sexual revolution & concept gender #neutralization?
So Senator -- how does if feel to know your career ended today at a Latino gay bar in Orlando?  Good luck in the private sector!
. Race never would have been a problem if Obama didn't open up Pandoras Box. Shame on you.
Earth To @BenSasse Announcement:
Justice Sotomayor: Ethnicity ‘May And Will Make A Difference In Judging’
Mexican is a nationality, not a race.  Where did you go to school?
School of Soft Knocks
thing is, thats true in politics. Another word for politics,  thiefs lyers self serving. Not enough room for the rest.
@iJesseWilliams I Dunn. Can a Jew be a bacon taste tester?  
@iJesseWilliams absolutely! That's why the automatic racial ID of officers after shooting is the same racist shit as Trump.
So, what "race" is Mexican? Hispanic, Indian, White Black? Which RACE. Mexican is not a race so how can that define racism?
@TheJuanWilliams PSA pretending you can judge Trump fairly when you're a member of radical Mexican org. La Raza is pathetic.
@Chloe2229 Can't  do the job - or can't  do the fairly? In that case, Trump is the 1 who is the victim of discrimination.
@TheJuanWilliams No. It is saying because of his ethnic heritage he may not be able to remain unbiased in light of Trumps stance.
Ethnocentrism galore
@Jerrybadershow Like Sonia Sotomayor publicy saying in 2001 that ethnicity should influence a judge's decisions!?!
you mean like a white policeman?
Senator, I just voted for Kasich in the NJ primary; you are right about Trump; unfortunately you'll be unpopular for a while too
Agreed! @BenSasse @TFinn82
They should prove it or shut it.

@BenSasse @PariahPotimouth
If there's an actual case for the judge endoraing criminal immigration activity, can't he be impeached?

@BenSasse @PariahPotimouth
But being member of racist named, LA raza,isn't,  ben you embarrass yourself. Maybe I'll just be member kkk workers no affiliate
so when blacks accuse white juries/judge of  bias, or  white cant represent a brown/ black as senator etc, does that count too?
there is a thing called Dictionary. Using it helps to understand words and their definitions. Cheers!
He didn't say he couldn't do the job. He said it was impossible to be non biased in doing his job
Trump never said that...that was you spinning it.  Remove the (R) next to your name traitor.  Pusing the Dem agenda?  Snake
Your stand against Trump makes me proud to say I'm a Nebraskan. Please don't cave to the racist pressure!
So, why was it OK for the NAACP to get rid of the white woman? Never a complaint about her work until that came out. You are wrong
@TheJuanWilliams it's not about race but nationality ! #AmericaFirst
@TheJuanWilliams it's not what he said.
public service announcement: Your mom made the wrong choice.
@NeverTrumpPAC If this is a public expression of his thoughts, I wonder how much more racist he is privately. #NeverTrump
Latino is not a race. The judge belongs to the racist LA raza.
Ben sasse proves to be a cowardly panderer to Hispanic supremacy organizations. Afraid the media may say bad things about him.
Then WHY are GOP politicians endorsing him?!?! Trump doesn't hide his racism. He's bad for our country!! Speak louder about this!!
@benshapiro So when are you going to have the guts to call the Dems' core ideology of Cultural Marxism racist?
I thought Mexico was a country, not a race. Guess I missed school that day. #MAGA
Then why was a fuss made about the "wise Latina" Supreme Court Justice? Isn't her ancestry irrelevant?
You're a cuckservative traitor. We will remember.
Any comment on the San Jose violence senator? I thought not. Enjoy the fawning sycophants this tweet will inevitably draw. #MAGA
, mandated diverse jury selections red pill everyone on this issue.
LOSER! SHUT UP!
As a former neighbor (North Bend) I salute you for refusing to endorse the worst presidential nominee ever.
stand for something are you will fall for anything thanks for your comment
Democrats have given the word racist a new definition.
if you were on trail for murder and the judge happened to be the victims father you'd want a different judge too... Douche
Another PSA: Saying someone can a specific job *better* because of his or her race is the literal definition of racism.
@sunnyright "Mexican" is not a race...
Actually it's not. It could be an indication of racism but it's not the definition. @Neal_Dewing
Scumbag Judge! who bent the rules when the original plaintiff was dismissed case should have ended PERIOD!
Trump right!
Clinton Corruption
Hillary has a “Jekyll and Hyde” personality
http://pagesix.com/2016/06/05/tell-all-book-reveals-hillarys-erratic-uncontrollable-ways-in-the-white-house/ …

Hillary is a nightmare
…
is a P¥ssy!! I haven't heard you say one thing about these Mexican flags being waved, while they're  burning the American flag..
.@BenSasse
Public Service Announcement: consult a dictionary before pronouncing a word's definition. Superiority is required.
@AdamKwasman
@TheJuanWilliams sorry where did he say he shouldn't be a judge? He said he's biased in this case. Judges do recuse themselves.
My Nebraska family members are all in #Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #WakeUpAmerica
what about Obama saying my grandmother is a typical white woman Obama=racist
if i'm a board member of ibm, & i am ur judge, & i know u said things i dnt agree with about ibm, wld u trust me to b impartial?
Unlike the way you do!! This is too easy!
totally off subject but what are your views on term limits
@TheJuanWilliams is so anti-trump he condemns rape judge, but not trump u judge 4 racially biased decision http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/06/07/dad-judge-under-fire-after-ex-stanford-swimmer-sentenced-for-sex-assault.html …
someone should really let trump know that...
giving away our country is treason
trump sees only from his point of view, as he would seek vengeance not justice against an opponent, he expects all others wd too
someone can't do their job if they're biased towards something the defendant said about illegals
Trump never said the Judge can't be aJudge. He said he doubts he could be unbiased. Many judges recuse themselves. Stop lying
@TheJuanWilliams it's not because of race it's because of his conviction and loyalty to the Democratic Party that won't allow him
@TheJuanWilliams that is NOT what he has said.
@leerushsmith come on Sasse you need to run against him.
And standing on the sidelines when the one conservative running could have used your endorsement is the  definition of "Cowardice"
so why is it ok to criticise ethnicity of white jurors and judges but not the other way around?
@TheJuanWilliams he is saying he can't be impartial.
@TheJuanWilliams Wrong. Trump said that the judge was "unfair," not "unable." #NeverTrump
Then why have Affirmative Action?
When you join a white nationalist group your employment options will be severely limited, what makes la raza different?
Thanks. Mow feel free to join the Democratic Party where you should be now.
So if we point out that a judge with KKK ties can't be fair to a case involving a black guy, that makes us racist?  Grow up Sasse
Mexican  "impartial" judge is a member of HISPANIC ACTIVIST GROUPS. Trump is not a member of Scottish White Activist Groups. DOPE
LOL! Nt tru intllctually, socially, poltically or spiritually. It jst means we all hav strngths & weaknsses. Thnk mor; post less!
Ben isn't the only one who feels that way — http://thehill.com/homenews/house/282463-ryan-trump-comments-textbook-racism … #ButTrump
Mexican judge awarded SCHOLARSHIPS to illegal aliens, DIPSHIT. 

http://sdlrla.com/scholarship/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/La-Raza-Dinnner-Program-2014-FINAL.pdf …
You idiot, Mexican judge's La Raza Lawyers group IS AFFILIATED with LA RAZA. 
http://mobile.wnd.com/2016/06/trump-u-judges-group-tied-to-national-council-of-laraza/ …
Sasse...yeah, sure.Taken out of context. Trump MEANT the Judge is with Hillary, La Raza. 

#WOMEN4TRUMP
Hearing anyone say "That Mexican guy seems prejudiced to me" and saying the person making the statement is wrong makes you a fool
Stay strong and principled! @BenSasse
@benshapiro 
I love my two Bens, but you're reaching. Occam's Razor fellas. It's not racism.
no in this case it's called "bias".
@benshapiro @realDonaldTrump Very stupid thing for him to do but he didn't say he couldn't do his job. He questioned his fairness.
@whignewtons bull fucking shit. The literal definition of racism is you telling me what racism is.
@benshapiro #DelegatesVoteConscience
@benshapiro Trump stance beyond dumb, but since when has Mexican become a race? It isn't any more that being an American is one.
Public Service Announcement:Calling someone a racist when he is not is the definition of a liberal dumb ass!
@benshapiro The issue isn't racism. It's about judicial prejudice.
@benshapiro do you mean like white judges putting black people in jail.
.@BenSasse @benshapiro Public Service Announcement:

The @GOP is racist and you acting shocked about it now is disingenuous.
@benshapiro PSA: Saying a judge can't be biased towards another because of ethnicity or sex is the definition of idiocy!
@benshapiro Courage of convictions hard to find these days. Even unapologetic racism only inspires brave GOP few to stand tall.
@benshapiro And a job was not lost, only an underlying bias revealed.
@benshapiro Also no one said anything about "race", but about ethnicity. Learn terms.

Judge Curiel=> Activist Judge... Let's Move On #Next #TrumpTrain 
@benshapiro Saying someone can't vote a certain way because of his or her race is also racism, so why does the GOP do it?
@benshapiro did someone forward this to @realDonaldTrump ? He could use a refresher....
@benshapiro Pointing to someone's tens of memberships in Latino interest groups is relevant when actions don't match circumstances
what does "LA Raza" mean? You dont want your race to come into question? Don't join a group with racist interests.
ICYMI racism is also not renting to someone or hiring someone because of their skin color. #Racistordinance in Fremont eh hem..
U need to understand this,the only difference between the 2 organization's of “La Raza”is,one uses a gun,the other uses a Judge !
Trump is saying THIS judge isn't being fair & it is probably because of his radical support for Hispanic illegals.
Calling out a conflict of interest bcuz of the judges affiliations is not racists. The judges objectivity is at question. Liar!!!
Sure can when their background ties to a racist LaRaza. #Trump2016 #AmericaFirst 
Enjoy Benny. You sowed the #GOP hatred, bigotry and stupidity. You reap #TheDonald.
following this line we come to the point where only criminals can judge criminals, because everyone else is "biased"
this is good to know, I'm sure now I'll stop hearing that certain jobs have too many white men in them.
How can @BenSasse admit @realDonaldTrump racist towards JUDGE yet support Trump filling #SCOTUS vacancy rather than @BarackObama? #DoYourJob
...he doesn't support Trump filling vacancies... he said he's voting Gary Johnson
So why did Supreme Court just last month overturn verdict of white jurors who took an oath?
So the judge's membership in La Raza is perfectly okay for a case involving a REAL secure border candidate? That's ridiculous.
The implication was that the judge wouldn't be fair. Not that he couldn't do his job.
@BenSasse
@LOLGOP Well, being of German heritage, I suppose Drumpf (Donald's real last name) will fail the way Hitler did....
Thank you Senator
so your saying the judge can't do his job?
unless it's a federal judge and they are member of laraza fool
someone who sits home and Twitter against nominee is a sabatour
Douchebag.
I don't usually respect Republicans but I do respect your ability to tell the truth about Trump
saying someone isn't impartial bc they belong to an Hispanic hate group (La Rasa) is a fact.
you were quoted by @CNN
Thanks for standing up but this is not theoretical. Look at Trump in his face and say what you feel. Love of country b4 party
