its interesting..how much money do you throw at something that has a very small chance of success?
Stupid move
ClownNewsNetwork.
Just wait. Something tells me they are working on getting rid of it.
I guess the national (non-ethnic) epidemic will no longer receive assistance. No more drop off drugs to get treatment programs. Lol
Well how has the war on drugs been working out these past few decades. Stop turning to government to fix your problems losers.
People just  have to say no the government can't do much to stop it
For every one step they go forward they take 3 steps back.  The yoyo method is no good for diets or government can't they decide on anything
Trump is a liar!
I don't see why the government bothers to fight it. Legalize it all, the population will thin out & the fucking potheads will stfu for once
switch it in name from abuse to USERS!!!  like heroin park in swiss.
Makes sense. That problem usually works it self out.
Where is your outrage fake news over the states legalizing pot just for tax dollars the democrats want to kill our youth with drugs
What he wants to do on southern border will do more on opioid abuse than anything else,CNN and Fox are both bias and full of shit
Isn't opioid abuse a self inflicted problem? If I put my head up my ass the government will pull it out for me! I'm responsible for nothing.
That's probably because he figured out it would take $1 from some rich person.
CNN lies again!
the office is a complete failure and a waste of taxpayer money
There shouldn't be opioid abuse.I thought the great Obama had 8 yrs to cure all disease,stop all wars,end drugs.Oh yeah,he sucked as pres.
Trump? Backtracking?? Wall?? Deport all illegals?? Overturn Ocare (6 yrs. to prepare "alternative"=ZIP)?? Big tax cuts?? Help Veterans?? Sad
Fake, fake, fake, fake news, news, news, news!!!!!
yawn
Of course they are. It doesn't provide enough profit for them.
Another outright lie from CNN.
CNN is backtracking on common sense!
It's like you can just hear the pharmaceutical company's $$$ talking. Absolutely disgusting
How do you know this? Sources?
He realized it will cut into his Money Laundering Bussiness he and Jarred have set up as a Real Estate Bussiness on 5Th Avenue?Real Estate!
Hopefully none of you lose a child from an overdose things must be done!
sorry, this is a pre-existing condition, therefore no money should be spent.
So what?? Don't do drugs
Talk about a #triggerwarning on that picture #cnn, I'm all for awareness but I prefer my news with less of this imagery @Dopeypodcast
Seriously 
When will the poorly educated wake up and realize that Trump is damaging the country with reckless proposals that weaken citizens' rights?
Half truths half truths half truths half truths half truths half truths half truths half truths half truths half truths half truths
Fake news FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS
It's called bait and switch. Promise one thing and deliver something else. He's good at that
Is there not one positive thing your network can report on our president? @CNN
They don't care about the people of this country or the health of this country.
It's called compromising, changing one's mind about an issue or re thinking. Why must cnn use backtracking???  You look more idiotic daily.
Give them all the Free drugs they want and save us the problem of having to deal with the dimwits.
Absolutely a lie at worst and a distortion at best. CNN is no longer a news agency. It is an Alt-Left propaganda organization.
Well they're not really doing a good job, are they?
CNN, this is a self imposed problem. why should we pay for it?
Do you step back and realize how pathetic of a news station you are. Gossip reporters.
Good thinking.
"See" The Russia Smokescreen scam is blowing up on the State so they are going for anything they can make up on the COMMUNIST NEWS NETWORK
What happened here?
oh LORD y'all just need to seise n assist or go ahead n Repent n quit or better yet never mind il b kind 2 ur employees that r blind
Because, American Families First...?
More for everybody!!!!!
I don't remember CNN ever reporting on all the promises Obama backtracked on.  Almost everything he ever said was a blatant lie.
yess beceause this is the buissness from the devil,and where work for him?
.@KimDotcom statement regarding #SethRich #Panda http://www.kim.com  #JusticeForSeth @seanhannity
Give this administration a chance ( like you haven't been doing) and you might just see results. Stopping drugs from entering is good!
yes, b/c the "war on drugs" worked out so well the first time.  Let's do it again! 

Private prisons, too?! Yay!!
You have a plan that's better?
Y'know, Mr. Trump, most politicians serve their core constituency, not try to kill them.
What did the last Adm to fight this crisis? Released 6000 drug dealers from Fed prison? Allow open borders so this shit can flood in?
More fake headlines from the leader in #fakenews
#Donate10dollars&feedschoolchildreninAfrica Paypal:josiah.maima@gmail.com
PROPAGANDA CNN
Your misleading headlines are trash- it gets rid of the FEDERAL bureaucracy and gives power back to states and locals to put $ where needed!
If they just told the truth about tolerance so many recovering addicts would not OD.  If you've been clean stay clean or dose in halves.
Very interesting
Wow ! They have morals?  Ya right
How many viewers/followers do you need to lose before your fake asses go away??? Just curious
I'd like to congratulate Drugs for winning the war.
RUSSIA IS involved right??
U idiots want more weed. Weed leads to other drugs. Yet this is your worry
Don't believe it.
This is funny that the GOP is following Russian Ayn Rand a Drug Addicts theories in their budget announcements. Help the rich screw the poor
@POTUS Not Serving The American People plan to nearly eliminate the office fighting opioid abuse Plus #Mediacaid #Foodstamps #24MillionDead
24 million dead? Proof of that or is it just the only thing you got?
My heart aches for the people he deceived.
http://strangworlds.supergallerystream.me/us-army-3 
And fox " news" entertainment network.  Tells the truth ?
What you call back tracking is actually called the "art of the deal." Make an outrageous first offer & then back off a little for comprimise
and GOP  Trumpcare gives NO help to addicts
So would you 1. let them die 2. spend $60,000 to jail them or 3. let them run loose stealing to buy it, or ???
Because it's been so effective?
What else is new , all they do is back peddle !! Fake administration
drugs are pretty cool tho
Good news. Progress. He's workable.
