I do belive the Dem's changed the rules a few years back.. #hypocrisy
For federal judges, not supreme court.
I am aware of that. Rep's complained then.. who ever is in the minority is always going to complain no matter what.
That is a true statement.
They would argue about the sky being blue just because someone in the opposite party said so. unfortunately.
But both parties are guilty of that. No substance, just finger pointing at the other.
ones making the laws for the last 40 years. Laws that benefit their pockets.
I agree. Their corporate ties and appeasements are intersecting with governing and democracy. It's soiled now.
They are a bunch of crooks. Why are we letting a president under current FBI, house and Senate investigation to fill a stolen SCOTUS seat??
hey hypocrite remember when you guys did in 2013 under harry reid so quit playing the double standard
Reid had to do it - the GOP filibustered over 70 court nominees. It was the GOP who abused the filibuster
not only that you liberals live in a fantasy world your partys slogan should be do as i say not as i do which is typical of liberals
Your tweet translated: Derp Derp whine whine whine (basically you have nothing intelligent to say)
coming from liberal that is a hypocrite thats funny
We need to get them all the hell out of power before the setbacks plunge us into the dark ages for 100 years.
Shame on them.
Still whining!!!
Who changed the Senate rules?  Heinrich you are not representing the American people, just spouting party line rhetoric.  Get to work for is
Soulless GOP. Party before country, yet again. This is all because they want Roe v. Wade overturned. Forget about what's best for the USA.
I think it's more than roe v wade, think corporations winning, big business, potus and all his peeps. This is good for them. Follow the $.
Oh so things have been great with old Barry?  Hmmm?
If you care to make a point, please do so because your tweet means literally nothing. @BarackObama did so many good things for this country.
Que?
Ah, so you have no point. Kinda what I figured.

It has been and always will be anout tjem holding onto power in everyway they possibly can
No Congress Dem or Rep controlled would have considered a nominee at that stage. So just stop with the Garland cry. #partisanpolitics

#Gorsuch joins #Alito to champion "relig freedom" of Christian majority to discriminate. Note wording: "EVANGELIZE" http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/samuel-alito-we-must-evangelize-our-fellow-americans-on-religious-freedom/article/2617573 …
Stop them traitors!!
Thanks for trying. This will not end well for Republicans or our country.
Republicans have no sense or use of history. For them, every day is a new day
Red state voter suppression is the reason for no majority rule
This is only temporary. The GOP will lose control of the Senate at mid-term elections. We will have all future seats.
The Dems are defending like 20 seats
So? We're still taking back control in mid-term elections.
Likely not. Odds not in your favor. Dustin Johnson would have a better chance to win the Masters...and he withdrew.
Nope. We're taking back control. People are energised like never before. In fact, even I've decided to run for office.
Who's we? Those who oppose Liberty?
Nope. Those in anything other than the Republican party.
Good luck with that. As the Dems have gotten squished in almost all state legislatures.
@SenateDems With the warm welcome you have given them. Oh well. Try a little kindness next time and play fair, then maybe.
Schumer Started This Fight, McConnell Is Finishing It
http://politi.co/2oFn2kh  
#Justice Is Being Served
#SCOTUSmatters
#ThanksChuckSchumer
Because "well they started it!" is what we should expect from our elected representatives?
a truly shameful day in american politics. mcconnell is a disgrace. both parties will regret a rule change giving short term gratification.
Not only is not normal a dead duck president to nominate a Justice. Harry shouldn't have changed the rules.
He had to - over 70 court nominees were blocked by GOP filibustering. So it's only okay when your side does it?
What side is that?  America? You know it.
Dismantling the gov't is far from American - it's treasonous. Says a lot that you're proud of that
Have you not heard of Limited Government? 
There's your sign.
Oh you mean that load of BS that suckers are told to buy Into by the rich who want to take advantage of the country?
not worried.By '18, Chief Justice John Roberts will preside over the Senate trial of @realDonaldTrump who will be up on impeachment charges.
Dream on.
#doublestandards
Pray for the special elections coming up to install more DEMS and regain the majority then give those lowlifes HELL!
Heinrich, the democrats were not going to approve of any nominee and would have put it off for the whole four years.
Democrats created the nuclear option, and Garland was in a lame duck year, I am really opposed to a nuclear option but dems will do it again
any reason you all cant change it back?if not 60 votes for him what does this do?sounds like pulling ones leg by gop.

 IF YOU BLOCK REPEAL ACA WE WILL USE IT TO REPLACE THE IMPLODING OBAMACARE
@JBWolfsthal yep! Perfect - keep going Trump !
So when the R's all get voted out Dem's will have the majority again.. this #SCOTUS seat was stolen, will be tainted along w so called prez
I thought harry Reid is the one that changed the rules. #hypocrisy
This is great news. Congrats to our next Justice @GorsuchFacts. Thank you Herry Reid.
Sucks to be you... But I do like it when you cry..... Feed me your tears
@NoOneLuckier Ironic. Teaching my Grandson he must play by the rules. Like it or not. That's what makes it fair for all .
Did you feel the same way when Ried did it  in 2013....I thought so!
Wah Wah, you picked the wrong battle to fight for genius.
Wow,  a lot of people calling you out on your #hipocarcy. 

Nice!
Thanks Harry! And the dums.
Corrupt
I also remember how it was so awful when Democrats considered nuking filibuster but now all of a sudden it's A-OK #Hypocrites
It's almost as if they think they'll be in power forever and these things won't bite them in the butt.
@NoOneLuckier We can't be a democracy with one party rule.
Remember Dems started this, the people aren't stupid.  We KNOW history.  By Dems actions and words, you have reaped what you sowed.  Period.
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC  Uou will NEVER BE ABLE TO LICE THIS DOWN.
And to be fair it was @SenatorReid that initially changed the rules. Blame him. You're welcome.
what's good for the goose isn't good for the gander.  Dems and liberals are destroying this country.
Democrats changed the rules first.  You reap what u sow.  Same thing with garland.  BIDEN rule.  Sucks that u got hit by your own crap
Treating the government like Burger King have it your way

If Garland had a vote and failed, okay. But Mitch said he wouldn't hear it. This POS has to go !
They're gonna f*ckin' pay dearly for this. With political blood the likes which have never been seen before #ViewerDiscretionAdvised
oh the outrage!!  Funny how you didn't feel this way when Reid did it earlier... #idiotsall
Garland nominated in election year.Did we forget Biden & other Dems on record stating the same argument, 2wait until new Pres elected #moron
Good. At least some Senators want to do their damn jobs.
This is the kind of Congress that exist in third world countries under Autocratic rule. R's have majority & still cannot govern/45  corrupt
Get over it.  U changed it to fit you needs.  Do you job
Politics is not a game of bean bag. Poor baby, you lost!
That is why R's continue to be obstructionists. They have forgotten how to legislate & reached in a barrel & pulled up Gorsuch.
Most of Congress stopped working for The People. They work for small minded angry fearful folks & corporations who want misinformed voters.
This precedent was set years ago by YOUR party.  Fair then is fair now.  It is the way it is.  New precedents are set always
because you represent the PEOPLE, not yourself. Over the last few years the people have spoke and voted R!!! wake up, you lost.
Almost 3 million votes more for HRC.  Dems represent 31 million more people in the Senate.  Senate Rs hardly speak for the people.
Kind of sucks to be in the minority, huh? Try winning some elections instead of being rejected by voters nationwide. Election = consequences
Yes elections have consequences
so glad
Too bad crybaby. Maybe you should have considered the consequences before you supported scumbag Harry Rieds changing of the rules. Grow up!
say thank you Harry Reid.
That's just the way it is.  We need your help in being diversified and help minimize the gap between the 2 worst parties that America has.
Suck it up buttercup! Don't get mad at precedent from Dems. Everything backfired on you by your own rules
So the Dems stopped Bork and the Repubs stopped Garland - that makes them even. Blocking Gorsuch was childish.
Yep...and if the rolls had been reversed the Dems would have done exactly the same thing. You created this now live with it.
Poor baby!   Thank Harry Reid for the nuclear option.
And this is different from D's under Bush how exactly? Grow up.
I expected nothing less from this band of venal cowards and hypocrites.
Should have thought a little more long term when you were lying to the American public and forced obamacare down our throats.
I cannot wait for the next appointment to the court.  We can see a solid 6-3 majority in the near future.  Thanks Dums!
shameful! Corporations are toasting their win!
You sir are a FOOL.
Because the Democrats have never done that right? #SCOTUS #gorsuch
And if I'm being honest, a majority of you just need a slap. Because sometimes you just need one. Especially your Leader Schumer
Senator, you and your fellow Democrats did this to yourselves. Suggest you get some sunscreen later. Friday will be hot 4 U
I guess going nuclear is only acceptible when Dems do it.   Take your medicine, son....
I'm ignorant why aren't them Dems still filibustering?
And how is this so different than when former Democratic Senate Majority leader Harry Reid changed Senate filibuster rules?????????????
Both sides of aisle are finger pointing babies. Honestly, you should all look in the mirror and be ashamed.
Please do not insult me. Your party stated  with Bush it wouldn't consider his nominees in his last year.  You'd have done the same
I am so sad that you represent the state I live in. I guess that's why we're 50th in everything. #Gorsuch #HypocriticalLeft
As it always has been in a president's last term. It's a lame excuse.
Yes, they did!
Following the D's examples. Thank you
They change rules made to protect us very sad
@MamaRedfield Garland would have been great but Gorsuch be seated on #SCOTUS!
Remeber what Dems did in 2013.  You only have yourselves to blame.
Bcos of ur revenge tactic & forcing the Repubs to go Nuclear, I think Dems r going to be devastated when the next 2 possibly 3 SCJ come up
yes and its been 200 yrs since a supreme court nominee has been filibustered
You mean like how Harry Reid went Nuclear on all of Obama's judges. Fair play Senator. Can you libs ever tell the truth?
So it was OK for Dems to use 'nuclear option', but not OK for Reps?
Another Schumer puppet!
Sen Harry Reed had already applied the simple majority vote in previous situation, setting presendent.
Misstating historical facts to build your base!?!?!
DNC base are uninformed or they wouldn't vote for the socialist anarchist DemocRats
you voted your way but you the dems voted to change the rules a while back. you all are nothing but obstructionist.
They changed rules for unpopular POTUS under federal investigation. #CORRUPTION
Sir, D's set precedence for last-year POTUS noms with Bush. D's also set precedence for N.O. as well. Who are you kidding!
I guess maybe you should have thought about that in 2013.
Well it was always going to happen and the Senate has been partisan on both sides before now - no one is shocked.
What they do in the future however could be damning for democracy - and they'll bloody well give it a good go too.
You are misstating history. See 2003 Dem's law change!! Tell the TRUTH! @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP
Well, for once the Republicans show some b...
Where were you guys last year? Starbucks? I doubt seriously you guys can venture out of safe spaces long enough to vote. #toolittle #toolate
All previous lame duck POTUS out of tradition gave that honor to the in coming. That seat was a conservative seat. Tough luck.
Democrats changed the rule! Shame on the Dems! Stop whining
Maybe you should talk to Harry Reid? You know, the guy who opened Pandora's nuclear box? Hope you guys can keep Ginsburg alive for 8 years!
What does it feel like to be treated like you and the dems treated the American people when you pulled the same deal?
As well they should. Dems have been nothing but obstructionists. A wise man once said elections have consequences.
Reid did same thing in 2013. He and Schumer made clear SC candidates shouldn't be voted in last year of POTUS. Phony crying.
You reap what you sow! Democrats are ALL about obstruction. Stop your complaining and start working together for the good of AMERICA!
Good!
get used to losing Marty.
The republicans only win by changing the rules. Just saying.
Get used to it. There will be at least one more #GOP #SCOTUSnominee before @potus is out of office.
#MAGA
How dare the R's do what we do instead of what we say they do!
Good!
RINOs caved to liberal Justices Sotomayor and Kagan... Not this time.
you got what you deserve
Stop crying like a baby! Your side did this to us... now it's your turn.
Lol
THANK YOU HARRY REID!!!!!!!
It's a disgusting show of partisanship
Waaaaaahhhhh. Dems getting a taste of Harry Reid's medicine.
And the Rs vowed to block all of Hillary's nominees for 4 years.
Republicans never blocked anyone nor vowed to. Obama got everyone of his judges except the one in election year & that has happened before
That's what the election was also about. Had Hillary won, then I'm sure Garland would be discussed and more than likely voted for SC.
Yet when the country elected Obama not once but twice, ppl weren't expressing their will on SCOTUS
You can take it up with Schumer and Reid, they picked the fight over Estrada and escalated it in 2013.
Lmao morons we win trump wins again
Not surprised. The Republicans will suffer for this action. Looking forward to 2018.
Shameful
I fee sick!
And they will blame Dems. No one forced @GOP to change history just to get their own way!
Just when you thought McConnell couldn't get more selfish 
@GOP they are scum and traitors and Mitch is a sleezy ugly little man.
Reid, Schumer and Biden historically opposed election-year nom's. These are YOUR rules.
#NuclearOption (Reid, 2013)
#ConfirmGorsuch
#SCOTUS
That is a flat out lie that has been debunked repeatedly.   Kennedy was confirmed in an election year.
And there goes Roe v Wade. (among others)
Does our Constitution have a fracture in it?
