YOU NEED TO REMOVE OBAMACARE FINES---IF WE CANT AFFORD THE INSURANCE WE CAN'T AFFORD THE $1,500.00 FINE--- THIS IS ILEAGAL TO FORCE US 2 PAY
Those workers earned Medicare.  Give those retiree a raise so they can live off of their social security and now they owe its for obamacARe
Does that mean you too will co-sponsor @SenSanders bill? I hope so. #MedicareForAll is the progressive way forward & will unite us.
You lawmakers  should get social workers input on some of your bills because you all are making a mess and so did obamacare
Thank you
Thank you!!  #MedicareForAll
And what about the 2.5 million jobs that are Insurance industry related?  Why don't u just fix the ACA?
Works for who?
The American people...and all the other civilized countries that have implemented it... that's who!
They pay for it via a GST tax, on top of a regular sales tax.  My understanding, is that they want this income based.  Hmmmm.  ACA?
Um, no. Single payer is not income based. It is healthcare for everyone, not measured by how special/rich you are. Tax based, but nonprofit.
So now u have me paying higher taxes, plus a high premium never lowered.  I lived in Oz and Canada.  You have solved nothing, but a dream.
You have your mind set....but, some of us would rather our money/taxes go toward care of people than another yacht/jet for a corporate CEO.
You know....I believe a woman has a right for abortion.  It's their choice. But I also believe a woman who decides it at 8 mo is too much.

How are we paying for it? And what happens to all the "non government" medical infrastructure around the country?
It's paid for via an income based premium that functions just as a payment to an insurance company does.
Then it's ACA.  This is just so stupid.  Why do ppl want to complicate things.  Just fix the ACA.
That isn't ACA at all. ACA gives the $$ to PRIVATE medical insurance, not MEDICARE. Huge difference.
Medicare carriers get money from the govt.  You paid that money while working.  That is why seniors pay on part of their premium.
THANK YOU, SENATOR!!!! i knew we could trust you, man. #healthcare
Welcome aboard Senator. We got your back.
When everyone gets on welfare who will pay for your salary?
Seriously Heinrich!! Why can't you or Udall do something right for the state of NM? How much money are they putting in your pocket?
Boy you got that right... Just look at his list of donors... Filled with Pharmaceuticals lawyers doctors assocs. He's bought-and-paid-for!
Amen! Now we need a lot more people in this state to figure out how corrupt both him and Udall are. They sit in D.C and get fat off lobbyist
His new name is Tom Uhaul...as he is moving people out of NM because of his no growth policies
Please concentrate on killing the Graham-Cassidy bill first!
Excellent comments! Excellent solution!
Do you even pretend to have a brain
It DOES NOT WORK anywhere nearly as well as FREE MARKET insurance & it COST MANY times more & MUCH MORE corruption. Give us FREE MARKET.
Thank you it's the only way to go. We must get it done.
Thank you Senator Heinrich!
thank you!
Healthcare is a complex issue. Follow our app for launch updates and be the first to write a citizen review the #MedicareForAll proposal.
CA est. $400 billion for unicare, what will it cost nation & how do you pay for it? Not free.
Thank you Senator @MartinHeinrich !!!
You won't pay for it but we will
Don't tell republicans that they want things to stay the same, an give to the rich theology
I hope those who get insurance through an employer can switch. I'm not happy with $60 co-pays, & outrageous deductibles. The under insured.
You support it Will you co-Sponsor @SenSanders #MedicareForAll bill? & when your vote truly matters will U vote to pass the legislation?
It does work :)
There is no constitutional requirement for universal health care in the US. Please stop adding unnecessary debt to the US budget!
Thank you Senator
The last thing the Feds. need is another project.  Stop taking lobbyist bribes from insurance companies.  Let the people decide,Not congress
It's been proven that it doesn't work.  Sanders tried.  Look at England.  They wouldn't let that baby try experiential drug.
No this is the wrong path forward... Not good for the majority of Americans
Glad you have changed your position on this!!
Time for @CatherineForNV to step up and do the same!
Wanna see all u polititions on it too....no exceptions
A good decision, looking forward to your vote :D
Then funding to different states will differ. Also allows centrally bought goods at consistent prices.
And just how are you going to pay for it?
Medicare is literally a Life Saver
I agree 100%...  Proportionally increase the Medicare withholding tax, give all Americans the same healthcare options given to seniors... 1)
Americans who want more coverage are free to buy supplemental health insurance... In addition, govt needs to get control of drug costs... 2)
Traditional Medicare has helped Seniors since the 60's...Physicians, hospitals & other healthcare givers  accept & like this insurance... 4)
Currently our healthcare costs are exorbitant & need to be curbed...  Lastly, frivolous lawsuits are bringing up malpractice insurance... 5)
All of us have helped make our healthcare more & more expensive... It can be brought under control... But we all must make concessions... 6)
Thank you Senator!!!

Once Medicare-for-all becomes a bill & given a yes vote by all these pols that proclaim to support it, then I'll retweet their claims.
Thank you. This is great news for all Americans.
A lot of people DON'T know about Medicare.  It's not FREE and there is 20% U must pay yourself.  Insurance for that can be high
And its being subsidized by commercial networks to achieve minimum access and its inefficient, slow at catching fraud and non-existent on BH
Thank you
Uh huh.  So why are we trying to fix the cost?
Thank You for supporting #MedicareForAll because I believe healthcare is a human right all of our citizens.
What has changed since last week when you were against it?
And if that's not an option, there are others:
Single-payer isn’t the only progressive option on health care http://fb.me/wRUMTmpZ 
Thank you!
Hey dude... News flash... It doesn't work! Look at Canada, people die before they get to see a doctor.
Why keep cramming it down our throats
Define working? Cause from where my family is sitting it's not working!!
No! Fix ACA! !This just muddies the issue w/o any hope of passing because we're the minority! Bernie's grandstanding again!!
Universal health care will be Medicaid for all, run by Obama's VA. And you elites will make yourselves exempt from it once again.
If this is the case, then I elect  GST tax for it, not income based.  Also, stop unlicensed ppl from selling/rep Insurance products.
Thank you!
Thank you senator. This will help many, many people in the state and around the nation.

Thank you!
You want a socialist society but common sense people do not. Democrats want to control society and best way is to keep them poor
So does this mean congress will be subject to the same healthcare or will you once again exempt yourselves.
Booo!
Yes!
Thank you, @MartinHeinrich for supporting this bill.
Will members of congress have the same healthcare or will it be " business as usual ". That substandard health care for all but congress
Thank you! 
There’s a Fascist Racist Liar in The Oval Office, America Raise your Flags Upside-Down To Tell Congress Impeach #POTUS ! #senatorcitizens
I SUPPORT YOUR SUPPORT IN THIS IMPORTANT MATTER. NOT A CHILDISH SANDBOX MOVE LIKE TRUMPS
Let's do this!
#Delusional
Think 2020
yes!!! will you cosponsor @SenSanders' #MedicareForAll bill?
Thank you Senator!
Totally! I'm Canadian and really looking forward to seeing my neighbors get this.
Thank you Senator! You are a good man #MedicareForAll
Congressman, America Needs Patriots Not Cowards Trump = Fascist / Nazi, Racist, Lying Coward, Congress Impeach #POTUS  ! #senatorcitizens
If Samuel Adams was Tending his Bar in Boston Today he would be Gathering The Sons of Liberty and Planning 2nd Revolution! #senatorcitizens
Please vote accordingly. I know it's not easy but we as a people need this to happen
