Good job on leaving Trump councils , and I saw u at DMV lol
Not getting his way and quitting is not the answer.  I love the things Elon does.  He should have stayed on and kept contributing.
No use contributing when the group you're contributing to pretends to listen, then goes and does the exact opposite. Why waste time?
You have the ear of the President of The United States.  You may not get him to agree with you on everything but you keep giving advice
"Everything" or nothing at all? There were few opportunities to act on something Elon wanted, and Trump did EXACT opposite w/ Paris schtick.
Quitting was right because everyone who stays lends credence to that tool of president...
This is not the end. You should stay and contribute in whatever good possible!
Only those subjective to reasoning can be effectively counseled.
Or for you're wallet, huh, Elon?
He even had the testicles to ripoff Tesla's name. Edison stole Tesla's work & ideas but not his name. #BadElonMusk #ThouShaltNotSteal
Climate change is really called Seasons & that is real!  Monetarily Paris isn't a deal 4 USA & were u looking 4 a payout fr USA  -fraudster
@asdrescher WHY should India & China be coal producers, IF #climatechange is SO dire? U.S  SUFFERS & LOSES JOBS 4 THEM!! #Hoax
China is cutting back on its coal production.
We want our $5,000,000,000 in taxpayer subsidies that keep your companies afloat back. @SXMPolitics @SiriusXMPatriot @seanhannity
It's almost too obvious that you don't understand ANYTHING AT ALL about this...
DEFINE #CLIMATECHANGE.
He can't because it is a big fat lie. It is the tool of the elites to gain a NWO
True. If everything is "#climatechange" then nothing is!!
Thank goodness President Trump said no to the Paris Accord. Now we need to get out of the the evil corrupt unelected UN.
Solar panels... Graphene batteries... Zero point energy. The alternatives are out there. Let's take green energy into our own hands.
Batteries power by electricity. Green energy is our only option. Too bad the #PetroDollar is the only reason the USA is a #WorldPower .
@Ronald_vanLoon 
@DrDataScientist 
@Prashant_1722 
@MikeQuindazzi 
@DeepLearn007
@yvonneychan
@KarinaCaddel
@Sarahetodd
@BScharp22 
@gcosma1
Fake Capitalist!  #ParisAgreement
How is this deal good for America in any way?  Innovation and invention will get us out of this, not industry killing statist robbery.
Saving industry that participates in killing climate is like sawing of the branch you're sitting on!
Inside info..Trump is starting a worldwide search for a greener  idea than fossil fuel industry that generates money and saves the planet
Thanks for trying to make a difference. Please keep innovating and showing the way to nonbelievers of science
Why? It’s a non-binding agreement to cut emissions + has US paying billions of dollars. Why can’t we still commit without paying?
A scam & hoax & u know it.
Ok, now could you help @LitMotors get their product to market? #please 
#Transport #Transportation #tesla #Satellite #Gyros
By the time Amber Heard is done with Elon Musk he will have no other option than to declare bankruptcy. That's Financial Status Change
you knew who he was when you went in. shame on you. @elonmusk
That's YOUR OPINION ...Don't force feed America YOUR OPINION
Umm, climate change is a fact. It’s happening. It is not an opinion.
Stalk much???
Elon, a man of your credentials should know that a bill made by politicians in the UN isn't fixing climate. Invest that money in clean tech.
#Carbon out of ground as #oil, we burn it & it goes in air. Gravity+Time = soot & back to earth. Pollution & You are temporary & Earth isn't
.@elonmusk keep making those solar roof tiles and let that fucknut worry about it when Mar-a Lago is tits deep in seawater
Trump's speech made perfect sense.Accord has no teeth; India/China can continue to pollute & we're on the hook 4 "Green Fund" $billions.
Thank you for setting a good example and standing up for what you believe in, for yourself and all of us!
Bad business decision. On the inside you can influence policy. On the outside you are irrelevant. Tesla shareholders were hurt today.
Am not caring that you are departing presidential councils.
We are not the bank of the world. Obama made another horrible deal for us w/o Congress. If need be we move alone. Look at China, need mask.
What happens if you, and every single Multimillion Dollar boy like you reduce the carbon footprint of the private jets? So start w/ example.
Ur right! Leaving the Hussein O Paris Accord scam is not good, IT'S FKN GREAT! No libtard, Brussels/Muslime countries will take ouranymore!
Wow, what else would you say?  You're getting rich on fake global warming.  Duh!
The Science isn't fake.
Liberals are the most closed minded people on earth . Resist for the next 8 yrs. because Trump will be President that long . Wake up!
If you hate America so much, why stay? No one is forcing you to remain!
And what part of his promise to do so didn't you understand when you joined the council of evil? Nice try, Elon.
Yes, I'm sure your $5 billion in government subsidies has nothing to do with your position.
Sorry Elon that you have to read through tbe replies of people that can’t face facts.
Thank you, Elon Musk. Withdrawing credibility from CC Deniers is good for America and planet.
Leaving is better 4 the US than the rest. US paying 4 everything, the rest 0! My tax dollars! My President! Paris Accord your problem now.
We're all in favor of protecting the environment. Some of us just aren't willing 2 screw the US with international wealth redistribution.
#MAGA #socalledpresident has used #bankruptcy to his benefit in the past so he believes he can get a pass on running #America #apprentice
@mu7sino
And now I will board my private jet and fly away!
Of course Climate Change is real. AGW/ACC, is not. @algore just admitted Paris Agreement does nothing for CC. So stop it. Really.
Good, but really too late.
Idk it feels pretty good to me.
Doesn't your private jet pollute more in an hour than any average human does in a lifetime?
Can I have a tesla thanks
thanks for standing up for all of us as a human race and Earth
What made you join w/ a man as morally bankrupt, ignorant and viscious as 45 in the 1st place? What were you expecting? He wore u like a wig
OH NO.....NOW WHAT? How will we survive without your knowledge and experience you know it all jackass.
Climate change is real—& slight warming is good for humanity—but the conjecture of Anthropogenic Global Warming is a pseudo-scientific scam.
All the so called Green Energy companies are subsidized by government, taxpayers
When you sell you jet and start walking the walk, maybe then your words will have some credibility. Until then. Bye bye.
don't let the door hit you in the ass when leaving. Your greed & self interest and SUBSIDIES are bubbling over
Talk to Prof Searl yet.??
About AN IGV.?? built for you.?
No Pollution.! NO FUEL COSTS.!? And Safer.!
And that's why you should never have been invited to join in the first place. "QUITS" when you have to deal with differing opinions.
#ai
wha wha wha!!!!
Did you return all the subsidies your companies have received from the United States Government and American taxpayers?   Please do. Thanks.
I bet you keep grabbing the tax dollars 
No subsidies without 'climate change.'
Here's the true comment from CA Governor, Jerry Brown about climate change. No surprise, charlatan Trump pulled US out of Paris Agreement
I almost feel like this tweet is part of history
Lead by example, 
the Musk motto.Imagine a US with a Musk President......!
,
Of course climate change is 'real'...you and your cronies are CHANGING IT! #Chemtrails #IllegalPoisoning #HAARP
Stop asking for public funding then. You've already gotten millions from taxpayers.
You should give money to poor & illness people  .
If Climate Change is real why do you fly around in your jet?   How big is your carbon footprint?  Hypocrites. Do as I say not as I do
Elite nerds can go to mars and terraform it while earth burns as politicians argue.
Well done!
True, not rec. climate change is like ignoring the first ev. 500 years ago that Earth is not centre of solar system but burning "heretics"
Some of us also think Muslim bans are real. Mass incarceration. War. Destroying schools. Killing healthcare. Selling off our infrastructure.
but is CC significant? & can we make any real change without crashing our economy like Obama did! Realize u got our tax $ 2 make u rich!
Stop bumming Elon
Top 10 things @ElonMusk can do with spare time off presidential councils
#8. Spend more time with family
#7. Practice making more family
You seem like a smart guy. Do you happen to know the optimal temp of the globe? Accurate temps only recorded last 135 yrs. Not a lot of data
good guy
Top 10 things @ElonMusk can do with spare time now that he's off presidential councils: 
10. Figure out words to spell with next car models
Make teslas more affordable then talk to us about climate change. 
Hey
Tit for tat?
Can no longer make billions in subsidizes from US government
Obama
Climate change is what made you a billionaire. Stop with the self-serving BS. Your car company will die w/o huge taxpayer subsidy.
You're a left wing climate nut job who makes MILLIONS of of this HOAX! #sitdown
Thank you, sir. How can we convince the other members to put our planet over self interest?
So adding 3 tril to debt and rid of 6+ mil jobs is good for America? You are fired.
It's not good for Tesla who relies on gov't grants. Canada pulled out of Kyoto, signed Paris Sorority pledge accord & approved KM pipeline?
Just cause it's good for you don't make it good for America @theusaspirit1 @mclambphil00 @realDonaldTrump
We look forward to seeing you on commercial flights, instead of you operating CO2 spewing private jets. #yourtimeOrOurPlanet
Whatever why don't you join the president on creating jobs
The fund raised thus far to fight climate change, can we see what it was used for? Criminal globalists, raising alarm.
Bye-bye. With an American president as Donald Trump, the USA will not he blowing money into the air for others.
Thank you Elon.
Well, there goes one of my biggest hopes for the administration. Thanks for trying at least.
Save us
You would also miss those subsidies. I see your dilemma, @ElonMusk.
Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.
@ThomasARoberts how about giving up your private jet in the name of climate change dufuss.
Good for you. Lithium will be the biggest polluting replacement for carbon!
Apparently that company you own is a real hell hole for the employees. Parking, slave like working conditions. No respect for your employees
Good. You're a globalist and have ill intentions towards the US. We don't care or want you.
How big is the carbon footprint on your $70mil jet? How many cars and mansions do you own and what is their carbon footprint?
Welcome to "Team George" Elon ...
In other words, being apart from the Paris agreement doesn't mean anything. We still produce more clean energy than any1
You have a lot to offer our planet. I know you'll keep fighting the good fight. How can our students & young people help?
Stay on the presidential council and make a difference. Don't be a quitter and complain from afar.
Climate change is real. BUT a good environmental scientist can do for one dollar what a typical government agency does for 100!
I applaud your efforts for a pollution free world, but throwing millions of people out of work & a $3 Trillion cost that is only US is wrong
you are a Fake just like Fake News. Go fly your private jets, build your cars w/o taxpayer money and leave us the Hell alone.
Climate change started naturally more than 5 thousand years ago.
Not staying on the council seems like the foolish move. Thought you wanted a seat at the table????????????????
Sir, your opinion is not the only one in this country. Personally, I am rather weary of rich people telling me what is best for me.
What's the deal, he just wasn't actually listening to your advice?
Forget Trump! Put together a private team to make it happen! A simple thought, it needs done Trump or no Trump. Opportunity is there.
Plan at the expense of good ole' USA, was hardly effective. 2% in 25 years? 3 Trill. US dollars! You wouldn't run Tesla  like this
So true!! It's outragous.
...written from the seat of your private jet...how much exhaust damage does that cause Elon? Bye, we need people to work problems, not quit!
Bye
To support less developed country's like China and some EU nations. I say get our house in order first before fixing someone else's.
Usa is a relatively new country +-200 years old. Of which 80 was industrial yet the Paris agreement wants us to pay $100B
Gasp!
so elon, U take public transit? U walk? U fly commercial? U live in a modest 2500sq.ft house etc.. all to reduce carbon footprint-hypocrite
It's not even good for our economy. 
It's a nod to big oil et al and nothing more.
My next car will be a Tesla. #StandAgainstTrump
Of course climate change is real silly. Earth is always changing. But man made.... no. Glad you're leaving. No loyalty anyway. Bye bye!
It's about time your finally took a stand on principle
Don't let the door hit you on the ass ... FREELOADER! We're tired of paying you through our taxes to live your lifestyle
Potus or German Kanzler do not make history. Your think and do, and the people who will help you will change the world. Good luck
Elon Musk is the United States' most expensive welfare queen.
Elon don't quit just because you disagree with someone-
Keep the discussions going but don't walk away-America and president Trump need you
And you departed on your private jet, leaving a big carbon footprint. It's hard to take you seriously on climate change.
Not good for you and your government subsidies.
Well said sir.
THANK YOU ELON!!!
APPRECIATE YOUR MOVE.
How many billion s of Tax Payer money had ur non profitable businesses received as a money laundering scheme thru donations to the DNC #MAGA
Departing in your huge private plane paid for with taxpayer dollars. Drop govt subsidies leave the mansions fly commercial then we'll listen
How did u get 2Paris? ON A Private Jet I bet w Tax Payer money n ur pocket because of ur non profitable shitty companies #hypocrite #MAGA
Thank you for being you
Thanks you Mr Musk for standing on integrity.
Who cares?  By the way, how much money have you taken from tax payers by selling gov't subsidized vehicles? Legal Theft!
It's time. Do not be shy. Be brave. Your visions and deeds give hope for our children. Elon for president! That's no joke! #tesla
Please do explain how handicapping our economy while China, India, etc continue to spew helps us or the world?
wow! Really...sorry America first.
So now it's time to step up and and through good ol' fashioned commercial enterprise, make our future greener
Your wrong! Go to adapt2030, we are in the beginning of a mini ice age.
Are departing on your private jet?! Is it electric or does it burn copious amounts of fossil fuel?  #hypocrite
#ClimateChange = #ClimateHoax for taxpayer revenue.

The Case Against Climate Change | True News
Redistribute your own wealth.  US taxpayers have already lined your pockets with money.  Enough!
Yeah right...you're departed in your fossil fuel Gulfstream G650 private jet you take to lunch dsily. #parisaccord  #tesla #Parisclimateac
paying taxes?  How much do u really need? When u die-it's just you. What do u really have? Not much when your soul is vacant.
Thank goodness you're not in DC anymore. Don't want your selfish liberal self trying to influence. Why r u getting loans w our $ & then not
Who are you again?
let him learn the hard way.
POTUS Trump doesn't take well to critics, or lack of loyalty, any concerns about retaliation towards your industries?
And not good for Tesla.
Research investments on Intelligent VR models for  #ClimateControl to synchronize energy needs with human presence, not a big deal for you.
Leaving the council was stupid. Your voice is needed in there. Grow up.
Groovy. Hope your "principles" dictate you also return the BILLIONS in taxpayer subsidies for your business welfare.
Ask them if they like jellyfish over shellfish, because acid rain is still a thing changing the PH-balance of our oceans & sliming it up
get real, pay for your green crap with your own money! Not the taxpayers! Nothing stopping you from spending own $$.
BS... If the Europeans were serious about (so called) climate change, they wouldn't rule out renegotiations with the US... they want US $$$
What's the carbon footprint of the Falcon Heavy? Also, what's the carbon footprint of your Gulfstream G650 ER private jet? #hypocricy
Only good for American money...when other countries don't have the same enforcement. .make them pay
Aaron, please do some reading on this issue.
You're cool with @realDonaldTrump racism, sexism, & destroying @EPA but I'm glad you have some principle.
Climate change is real.  Man-Caused Climate Change is a scam,
Science isn't really your thing eh?
Certainly not fake science.
How would you know? As science isn't your thing,
And you know this because leftists know everything.
What do you mean? It's me weirdo lol
Climate change is a farce it's being political sized yes the temperature from us will change .5 cans of a degree in the next 100 years.
Yes I agree
Climate change may be real, but how much is Nature vs Human created?
USA gives millions of dollars to Climate change. It is paid to xx countries for doing what who manages what they do with $$$. China pollutes
China, Russia and India polite terribly they're not third world countries they are given free pass. Other countries use $ for terrorism?
@iPingo_ MEME (AND HIS NAME IS) JOHN CENA IL RETWEET ÇA. Trump FDP de ses morts 
Je ne comprends pas. @Academie_Paris
Tu comprends pas le tweet? :x
Nan le tien pas celui de @elonmusk
Il dit que les states ne doivent pas se séparer de Paris,ça serait mauvais pour Trump et le monde. Ez
Et jhon cena dans l affaire  ?
MAIS NON  Mais même Cena aime pas Trump,je me.demande qui aime ce type au final :'x
Peut etre @FLOTUS oupas
