Opinion. Any Evidence?? Big zero so far. Clinton Obama Russia bribes has  a shedload, hence MSM blackout.
That was just one of the meeting Kushner lied about not having. Evidence ..... I know Obama and Clinton faked it all.
Russia/Trump is the sole DNC platform. 
No platform, no leadership, no message, is not really a party. 
They will be annihilated 2020
How many times do you need to be told. The rules of congress say that the party in power chair the committees. The chairs decide
FAKE PROPAGANDA
It’s very true. Russia reporting real news only bolstered what many Americans believed to be a very flawed candidate in Hillary. The fact it was reported by Russia and you guys couldn’t control the narrative is why you’re so mad

Another old fat lying white guy.
No its not true. 45's henchmen are master liars.
He's shady....
A Trump Troll!! He’s an embarrassment to Law enforcement 
Pompeo lied intentionally, his official title is "Keeper of Trump's Ass", he was only doing his job.
Doing his job sewing seeds of doubt about intelligence to come during Trump's trial. Would that be treason or just corruption?
Couldn’t they find both? He’s another who can NOT put our COUNTRY over his/their party!
Nope
Of course it's not true! They don't want the truth to come out! Russian fingerprints and $$ all over GOP... #Complicit
He put him in to back up his lies!
Republicans are so happy to be in control they look away & America is sold to the evil lowest with the most power. They have NO SHAME!
Well, he's a Trump appointee. He's going to lie.
WOW! He must think we're NOT paying any attention AT ALL!! Maybe it's just what #daddyvlad #putin told him to say, because #gaslighting 
SAD
Seems even the abc agencies can be bought
You mean Wikileaks Pompeo? The guy who knowingly ran Russian active measures during the 2016 election cycle? Traitor!
He was definitely in on it. I imagine Mueller knows.
LIAR
Actually the intelligence agencies  never say that because they don't know if the Russian influence changed people's mind about Clinton.
I doubt if it did. Popular vote as well. But I don’t know how anyone could tell one way or the other. Trump won.
TWEETS OF OUR DIRECTOR OUR @CIA &WE'RE SUPPOSED TO TRUST HIM TO TELL TRUTH RE @realDonaldTrump #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ELECTIONHACK #HELLno
You shouldn't be speaking on what you don't know or have all the facts.
It is evident that everyone at the top level to the lowest level is ass deep in the Russian cover up. Putin warned US to respect DT. Why?
Pompeo is another Trump mouth piece that spews fear and lies to the American people. Enough of the lies and cover up. Truth will come out.
Yes it is.
America did not want Hillary and they won't want the next Democrat either
The actual report makes no conclusion.. 
Pompeo (R) forms conclusion W/O Evidence = Bad
Clapper (D) Conclusion = Good (1/2)...
(2/2) But there's no evidence according to Intel community to base any conclusion off of... So they're both whackos.
We may have a Director of the CIA that is a Russian plant.  This...this can't be good.
A Trump official lied? Shocking.
Pompeo on knees sucking up more 2 Trump now knowing that Rex Tillerson soon-to-be out the door & wanting 2 be Secretary of State what a pig
Distract, divert, deny and lie ...
I agree according to research
No it's not true. Why do they have to lie, when you can just read the reports! And KNOW THAT THEY ARE LYING!
Looks like a jerk.

Another liar.  Not surprising at all.
#complicit
So what does Bobby 3sticks say about that?
Wrong! Trump told him to say that.
I think it did effect/negative campaign ti destroy any credibility &trust in Hillary was overwhelming
@darionavarro111  Mike Pompeo is another embarrassment to Italian-Americans as is Manafort, Scaramucci & Giuliani; vergogna!!!!
Anywhere else in life, if we were surrounded by a group of people who lied to us all the time, we'd laugh at them and tell them to go away.
No matter if goal is to stop future interference in US elections and prove collusion by American citizens.  Can't put shit back in the mule.
Pompeo is dirty.
We all know this.
Like many in this administration don’t believe anything out of his mouth.
Pompeo is just another Trump bootlicker.
Yet another of @realDonaldTrump mindless surrogate puppets doing his bidding
That is not what he said. He said there was no way to measure the effect on the election.
Lying liars one and all! And Pompeo’s rumored to be next Sec of State when Tillerson leaves? Great- strengthen the kleptokakistocracy!
More Putin blackmail, what else could be the motivation?
That is not true. The Intel agencies did not come to that conclusion.
Pompeo is the very reason they can NO longer use the ‘I’ in C-I-A. More like CbsA or C-L-A (lying) or C-P-A (propaganda)
Another puppet has emerged under DT!
Liar liar pants on fire
trump has given permission to all the liars out there to come out - it is safe in the trump era.
Oh shit.  Here we go.
That's a very dishonest and deceitful statement by "CIA chief".
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @NancyPelosi  @SenatorSchumer  Dir Pompeo's statement makes one wonder about CIA effectiveness in IC?
#TreasonousTrumps #TreasonousPence #TreasonousRepublicans #TreasonoousPompeo
I suppose this map isn’t true either 
You know, you can barely see Trump’s arm shoved up his ass and making his mouth work.
russia is not the problem the UNeducated voters that failed or willingly didnt care about FACTS TRUTH
so how are the voters uneducated? Please do enlighten us with your brilliance.
If it's the trump administration, don't you assume it's a lie first and then double check.
Alternative facts to distort the real story
Geez another fn liar - enough. Congress You silence pathetic - do something. It's like Nero who watched Rome burn as he fiddled
Just another user of alternative facts...pathetic
Proud of him #kansans? I'm ashamed of most politicians from my home state: Brownback, Kobach, Roberts, Pompey.
Otherwise he'd be admitting he's ALSO illegitimately in his job.
No wonder Trump loves this guy. He needs to be called out loudly and everywhere for his lie.
In his mind, his lies are truth.  That makes it dangerous for all of us.
Trump knew what he was doing, appointing a partisan hack as CIA Director.


And he's the director of the CIA!!! Who the hell in that administration that's not a LIAR
A prerequisite for working in @realDonaldTrump 's administration is being able to lie with ease.
Another trump “yes” man.

Paid To Lie and he never disappoints. LIAR LIAR LIAR
conclusions change as more info is available for all but biased media who will never let go of trump guilty narrative.
#FireMikePompeo He’s a threat to our national security. Better yet, throw him in jail too. WTF people!
Exit next please!!!
Wow....Apocalypse Now Redux. Doors soundtrack...lost in a Roman world of pain...like Star Treks Alternate Universe of the dark Terran Empire
FBI....Generals......decided to join their criminal leader?????
This will outrage Americans!!!!  What do you expect from traitors Trump administration??????
Russians tried to tamper with the machines. Guess it’s still an open question whether it was successful or not.
REPORT ACCURATELY. IMMEDIATELY POMPEO'S SPOKESPERSON RETRACTED THAT STATEMENT.
It’s a lie.
Lie
Ppl with SOME credibility left in this administration are fading fast!!!
He works for TRUMP...World's Biggest Liar....so why should we think this guy would tell (Even understand) the truth?
17 agencies concluded there was interference with the election. Pompeo is a Trump man & will support him even if it leads to disaster.
He has to lie to be on team @realDonaldTrump @GOP @GOPChairwoman    It’s a requirement
Pompeo another bad cabinet pick
Another reputation flushed down the toilet.
Proof?
Why does this admin continue to lie? Why are they so afraid of this investigation?
where have they lied? Go ahead and tell me..you must be talking about the last administration..What I see on here is a lot of automatons.
another Trump appointee liar. just a chip off the old block.
So that's not concerning at all, the director of the CIA lying to the public...

#TrumpStain
Fire.  If they lie, mislead, conceal etc.  Fire them.  Hold them to same standards the rest of us have to live by.
Remember two unknown assets working in Moscow were arrested days after Pompeo took over.  That info requires they highest clearence like Dir
So what I hear you saying is that the head of the CIA lied.
Pompeo is just another liar performing yet, another coverup.
CIA suspect when Pompeo is a liar.
Beginning of Stephen Miller, Steve Bannon and Donald Trump's dedication to destruction of USA & Democracy
Of course he lied, he's a shill. I'd like press to take one day and only.discuss when any of them is honest. That'll take 5 minutes
And he is complicit !
This administration lies from  the top and all the way down.
What the hell's wrong with you you know that's a damn lie they had everything to do with our election
Good God how far does the corruption extend in US Gov't &  it's agencies!? #RussianSanctionsNow
you are right dear, the last administration was the most corrupt administration possibly in our history
Wonder what his payoff was???
Bought and paid for.
but it can not be proven that it did or that it didn't.
Would you expect any other response from a trumpster?
How's about we get over misplaced morality in this country and start hiring and paying the very best Cyber people we have.  #Cannabis
CIA director promised big bucks after he retires!
These people are just lying constantly and covering up for Trump. When will this nightmare end and someone w/backbone does the right thing?
Like many who’ve commented, I expect the IC to release truth contrary Pompeo’s to force Trump’s man out.
This is similar to Gen. Kelly saying that @realDonaldTrump followed his directions, stayed on script talking to Mrs. Johnson. No way true.
SO NOW you want us to believe you know the TRUTH? Start with robust economy, unemployment down, Trump beating job expectations CENSOR MUCH?
Lying is a defining habit of this administration
go ahead and give us 5 lies..and I will give you a hundred under last administration.
Gunna be a long 8 years for you losers
Just like Kirstjen Nielsen didn't fail in her response to Katrina. 45 just nominated her to head DHS. No chance of disaster there.
Another member of the 45 administration telling a lie to cover up the liar's tracks .
Trump's right again 
Just flat out lying now is the mode of this administration
It should be very concerning to all that the CIA Chief is just another trump asskisser.
Pompeo disgusts me. WTH? Trumpers will stop at nothing to lie to American public
Critical thinking is not strong with Pompey.
Somebody please tell half GOV Failin! Hahahahahha!
No no no
He had to walk it back. #sad
One would have to be a complete idiot to assume the Russian's had no affect on our election. But Trump does!
Workin for trump or threatened by Putin
Distorted? Pompeo's statement was an outright lie. Who wrotes your headlines?

I never thought it was true. Russia, Comey, Media, Emails, help trump win.
Pompeo is a trump flunkie
Also not true, from 'their' chosen news source...
So why did he say it?!?!?!
Is he trying to keep him job too?!?!
DEFLECTING!!!!
Seems like you're correct...i mean with all the bribery money the Clinton's took, and all...im shocked the Russian interference failed and she lost despite everything they did
Pompeo needs to be questioned under oath what he is saying about Russian interference in Pres. election is not the truth, is he involved?
He should resign
Another trump appointee swamp creature that lies and lies
Another Trump mouthpiece lying.
Why is he lying?!!!! 
Only person that has worked for this Whitehouse that hasn't been proven a lier or cheat is the kid that mowed the lawn.
Pompeo reeks danger greed corruption,I hope when Muellar finishes his investigation we find him locked up with no chance of release
They are all swamp monsters.
@realDonaldTrump you mean another Trump lackey lied to the American public? Wow, how unusual #ImpeachTrump
Impossible conclusion given what we know + the science of human behavior, organizational psych, and marketing science. Partisan Distortion.
Pompeo is owned by the Koch’s. Conservative American Oligarchs like Koch’s and Mercer’s aided and abetted Russia in 2016. They are scared!
@CNN "na-ahh. He's lying cuz that doesn't match want we want to believe."
Only an idiot believes $100,000 in ads had any affect on the election. Get over it.
@jaketapper @washingtonpost wait, isn't it Obama that said the vote tallies were not affected?
Jake Tapper... Chief Cheerleader for the bogus "Russiagate" scandal. Of course, he never mentions the REAL scandal with Obama/Clinton. Fraud
by @bfry1981 THE ONE article goin deepest/exposing most on #Trump #Russia #Putin #Page #Cohen #Manafort ties PLZ SHR
It isn’t about the outcome, it’s all about the act and whether the Russians had American operative assistance.
Tick Tock .....
What exactly were you promised to give this opinion?  You know it is FAKE
Pompous Pompeo. Liar.
Thank God we still have Rex and Mad Dog, because the rest of his appointees are spineless and just go in lock step with him. #SAD
The government is now officially an enemy of the people.
I haven't trusted this traitorous bastard since early this year
Another lying snake
Resign you traitor!!
Is anyone surprised? USA being taken over by nazis and your’e just letting it happen.
That time when @CIA countered what director said about #TrumpRussia. Trust CIA more than Mike Pompeo. Believe he's involved in #TrumpRussia
Lock him up
He has no business leading the CIA. Following in Trump’s footsteps of continually telling lies!
Sold your soul didn't you there Pompeo
A Second buyest liar
Jeez, so this is the way way he bumps himself up in the administration.  He lies. Not too swift! Tsk, tsk, Scott.
Trump's pal....of course he would lie!
Pompeo is putins puppet like trump.  Liar.
Ofcourse not. Not wen it goes against ur agenda.Can u people really B any more obvious & blind? No need 2 answer, it was rhetorical question
I'm just consulting my itchy bunghole
but I think the Russian mob had more to do with it than the Russian government.

Is my bunghole wrong?
Pompeo's a liar! When questioned by Sen cte his vain almost popped out his neck. Pompeo's the vision of white privilege in the White House.
Not so fast Pompeo
Deplorable administration
Trump's cabinet lie and are corrupt, every last one!
And any sensible American Knows what Russia did for Trump. Cheat in Our Election.
Pompeo is not carrier CIA officer just another corrupt GOP congressman whom Trump hand picked to head CIA.
None of the Trump minions are to be believed.
You mean he lied?!
Because he is a lying thug.
He's loyal to Trump. That makes him a traitor, along with Kelly, but to be 100% sure, I'll wait for Mueller's report.
Huh?
Reminds me of the time Burr n nunes came out with their BS.  wants to make sure they all get their hands dirty publicy to keep in line
Does anyone in Trump's group of kindergartners know how to be honest?
