It's all downhill in the next 4 years.
@lizfinger1 @POTUS44
WORST President in History.Selling out the USA to the UN, cant begin to list all of bad points
We will soon see:  'The Great Millennium Depression." DT has already started us down that path.
WE HAVE NOT BEEN IN RECOVERY LONG ENOUGH TO SURVIVE A TRUMP PRSIDENCY.A DEPRESSION WILL FOLLOW LIKE NO OTHER BEFORE.
why are hearings being held for #SCOTUS seat when #POTUS is under criminal investigation??
Thanks @BarackObama! We miss you so much!     Cc:@realDonaldTrump
Right, cuz that's not happening at all now. LOL! Wake up!
Nice deflection, but irrelevant to the discussion. Your Ignorance Card is likely on the way.
Blatant ignorance the conservative way. 
Don't make me laugh
@DavidYankovich Thank you #BorakObama!! Miss you more every day. Miss our democracy too. Please come back!!
overreact much?
Under react much? Try thi ink independent thoughts just once & U'll understand our reactions.
I didn't vote for trump. I'm not a trump fan. I'm the only independent thinker here. Stop drinking the doomsday kool-aid.
Obama destroyed the US car industry, they closed down & moved to Mexico. Destroyed their families & the businesses surrounding
Thank you Obama, the idiots are giving credit to the other idiot that has only been in office 2 months
Black voters getting off @DNC Plantation  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1N1WwhwPyLA&sns=tw …  @POTUS
DNC SUPPORTS THIS PIECE OF OBAMA. LOCK UP OBAMA
He paid his mother inlaw for childcare, and now gets a pension for being a grandparent. FACTS. Including paid family vacations
The policies set forth prior to Trump have set the way for job growth.   Not Trump or his dirty administration
yea! Trump has done nothing for jobs!
.  Too funny! Taking credit where none is due
Well, that's been Trump's whole business model!
Dems you're insane! This has little if any to do with your socialist values!
If you feel Democrats are 'socialists', you are a capitalist nilutjob for sure.
DNC SUPPORTS THIS PIECE OF . LOCK UP OBAMA
DNC SUPPORTS THIS PIECE OF LOCK UP OBAMA

http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/06/26/obama-appointee-threatens-americans-free-speech-after-refugee-sex-attack-on-idaho-girl-the-spread-of-false-information-may-violate-federal-law/ …
seriously???  dem freaks taking responsibility for new job gains. Democrat Delusional D/O
That's right Obama's policies have helped. We have to make sure that the Republicans don't derail the progress.

Seems all of you are top grade liars!!!  DO YOU REMEMBER WHAT HAPPEN TO THE ROMAN SENATE?
We now have the endorsement of these numbers from the POTUS which means that they were not made up....
after a huge drop like 2008 where else were they going to go? New jobs are climbing accelerated rate since Trumps smart policies
Almost 2 months of you letting it all fall apart. #ThanksSenateDems.
miss Obama!
yes thank you.
@realDonaldTrump obama is the hero. He created the jobs NOT you trump
yup Trump stop taking credit for Obama's policies your disastrous administration has only accomplished chaos #TrumpLies
What are you doing  to stop the decline of our republic? Jobs? That's low on the list compared to #Russiagate and treason
great job
Absolutely!!!!!!@AlreadygreatUSA #HillaryClinton #rachelmaddow #jeffsessions #alwayswithher #REMOVETRUMP
I'm sorry but even I voted for obama, and Hillary. Not true: maybe in some states, but I was unemployed consistently under him
under trump I'm actually getting phone calls for interviews for the first time in like a fucking year. Sorry but....
even under obama being a fan, voter, I was amazed at how little he did for our every day American workers.
@potus this is how you tell the truth
You call allowing factories to close and open shop overseas with no penalty "smart" policies?  Keep drinking the Koolaid.
Did u guys set that whole thing up so the country would fail. Hope not. Would not put it past u.
Trump tries to take credit!!!
@anna_moomaw 77 months of part time jobs. #ThanksObama
Doubt that - what was the quality of jobs.  Now we are getting good real jobs not part time low wage like Democrats
yes dont let Trump take credit he will do anything for attention
you are dreaming!
replace "thanks to smart" with "despite" #thanksobama
#ThanksObama
I'm questioning whether the February, 2017 numbers were true.
Trump Effect #s won't  show up for several mths
@DavidYankovich I follow Obama and I can't find him tweeting about his accomplishments. Maybe US was 1st for him, unlike ....
@DavidYankovich @realDonaldTrump
#ThankYouObama I have enjoyed my work that I have gotten with the good economy.  Fearing the loss of that work #ThankstRump
@carmenvellon
#ThanksObama
But....apparently was "fake" before, now real! Yes, this citizen misses  Pres Obama
Congratulations!! Now stop Trumpcare from passing. Work with @SenateGOP to get it done!! #ImpeachTrump
Thanks for setting record straight. @POTUS been in office about 50 days. Trump had nothing to do with growth. #ThanksObama!
that is a lie. Fake news. Thanks to President Trump talking to companies and making America great again
@KLewis44 I thought Trump was now the president. Oh wait he only get credit for the left over crap. Like pipelines and fracking
because he is exactly that. Crap. #45*
tell it to the 2000 earthquakes in ok late year. I voted obama he not prefect that's reality!
but way better than #45*
we see after 4 years
please get Trump out of office asap.
@MartinHeinrich the last eight years have caused so.much drama for all us regular folks
@MartinHeinrich why don't you mention all that was done with a fed rate of ZERO you guys couldn't do it with normal rates

Just a reminder: Trump's been in violation of the U.S. Constitution for nearly 50 days now.
@MartinHeinrich
@MartinHeinrich Thank You President Trump & his administration for all the hard work in laying foundation in job growth!
OMG... meant President Obama, I've been hacked & was re-written
thanks obama? How stupid can you be? Slowest growth in yrs. The economy was actually negative if you applied healthcare cost in
@POTUS Thanks President Obama for the ongoing jobs growth!
laf, naive
yes growth econ has nothing to do w/ the Trumpster fire..although he will claim credit
Trump takes credit (as usual), but we owe our economy to Obama. Can you imagine where we'd be if Trump had inherited that mess?
Yeah the country is great. GET A FRIGGIN GRIP!!
77months of misery health plans that's crumbling as we speak pretty delusional there
Agent Orange will take credit for it though #LiarInChief #DumpTrump #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
communist obama drove 95 million people out of work. You know this STOP HATING AMERICANS
haha
And look who is taking all the credit!
@realDonaldTrump did you know this?
yes it was Obama but he will get no credit from the lying republicans.
Question; what, exactly, did Obama do that engendered job growth & wage increases? #97millionlefttheworkforce #nicetry #hacks
You forgot the reality report. People working 2 or 3 jobs to make ends meet, because Obama forced employers to give OT for 32hrs
Oops! OT over 40 hrs, Businesses Cut employees to 30hrs to avoid paying fines on no Health Care. Posted 6/30/15.
@DocHoliday7203 please remind @POTUS of this before his policies reverse the momentum
it's due time to subpoena his tax returns. This man is a traitor. Our commander in chief is colluding with the Kremlin. WTF!
I still can't believe the ass hole GOP party has no interest in his taxes. WTF is wrong with those idiots..
Trump and GOP clowns are at the helm and you're patting yourselves on the back?? Get your shit straight, Dems are at rock bottom
Get with the program Obama didn't do anything for the USA except run it into the ground and made us a laughingstock of the world
you are delusional
and now let's hear from the leeches #44 #Obama
 
Liars. President Trump gets all the credit. You have ZERO integrity.
WHAT??? In what universe did this happen?
oh yes it was all OBAMA NOT U IDIOTS
@Lee_in_Iowa THANKS PRES. OBAMA!!!!!
and we know who's taking credit for it
@Lee_in_Iowa Obama rescued economy after republican failures
And never let the Greed Over People/ Goons Of Putin party forget it!!
will you also take credit for the all time low in labor participation rate?
so get the news reporting this. Smart ones know who helped us but news is giving crooks there now the credit.
@gop @SenateGOP @HouseGOP #ThanksObama even though 45 is taking credit. It's not his fault he doesn't understand #Economics
o sure we'll believe that crock,try again ,never again
True.trump had nothing to do with the job growth. I hope the senate dems are intending to filibuster the repug scotus nominee
I agree of course this idiot will try to find a way to take credit for President Obama's hard work!!!!!
The breakdown I saw was better paying jobs and full time jobs!! #Obamafailure!
yes, we know this. But let's let DJT own it, so he can also own when he wrecks everything.
I can't wait for trump to tweet about this
Why don't you break that down into full time and part time jobs. Let's get the whole truth!  #deceitful
#ThanksObama
unfortunately  the PEEotus is taking credit. Boo!
it's good to be in denial about real economic problems. It's a winning strategy.
I think it's more of a 'poke-the-bear' strategy than denial.
Don't worry Trump will take all the credit.
what jobs? McDonald's and subway?
Thanks, Deep state!
LMAO You mean thank you Trump! He is the mega job creator. Also 40 percent of safe boarders. Thank you Trump. You got it twisted
Economies take time to shift in response to change. This is, in fact, still residual from Obama.
wrong again! Read facts my dear read facts
take a basic Econ class. I'm not saying you're uneducated cuz Econ/Fin is complex and most don't know. #Economics
I disagree with you! Even your own party can admit he created many jobs! What credit does OBama deserve? #fakenews
you can't claim fake news because my info is not from news. It's from a formal education in economics and finance.
"REAL" unemployment figures indicate you mislead. Over 9.5%! Thanks for your 8. Be truthful!
That's a myth! Jobs were pushed away by Obama administration because of so many Government regulations.
Job growth was calculated based on fewer people working several low paying jobs, while many were out of job market altogether.
Democrats have skewed the numbers to make it look rosy to get people to vote for their crappy agenda.
Really? Just like @HillaryClinton was winning the election, right? LOL! Go @POTUS  #MAGA
my dear it's economics. Change in economy takes time to see the effects. #Economics
Just keep believing that Krista. Republicans will just keep winning on election day. DEAR!
it is Econ 101. It's not a belief. It is a fact
But the #OrangeOrangutan will take the credit. #LyingBlowHardTrump
Exactly this is Obama's economy
You can't accomplish nothing good in 50 days and take credit for a good jobs report.
using the law of language, did you know your wordings says you CAN accomplish something in 50 days #justSaying
