Thank you and @SenatorTomUdall!
fight them! We've got your back! Our values can't be contained by a wall or held back by an executive order!
nice! When does your chapter of the klan meet?
start with your situation. What are your interests beyond hate? Maybe we can set up a school fund for you
If walls are so objectionable, why does the Vatican have one?
US residents have their rights trampled all of the time: Drugs, job loss. It's our turn now Sir.
Block every nominee. Go full on obstructionism.  He must be removed from office.
u should resign y'all putting foreigners before American citizens.
Thank you for opposing #MuslimBan! Please work w/colleagues to oppose this and future POTUS EO overreach in congress!
Thank you, Senator.
This is why we voted for you. Never stop fighting.
down with you are are anti American and have no place in our government. You are on the side of those to kill us
then you really don't care about the security or the citizens of the United States.
thank you senator!!!
Please tell us what we can do to help
I don't think you've seen this new wall map, is it a joke, I don't know.. did trumps people really put it out, I don't know.
NO! This is how you make America Great Again!
my family immigrated here. Legally. Get them in legally and get them paying taxes Not draining the system.
Thank you for speaking out.  Please follow up with whatever is within your power to fight against President Trump's tyranny.
Thank you for standing against the #MuslimBan #NoBanNoWall
Thank you Senator! you are doing the right thing as far as I'm concerned. What's with Udall's silence??
Thank you, Sen. Heinrich, for your strong statement. Glad to have you as my Senator. Keep fighting. #LasCruces
Thank you
Thank you Senator!
Time to start working for New Mexico. Wall or no wall...NM is at the bottom of everything except taxation.
thank you, senator. Type voice has been consistent.
thank you for standing up. We are with you.
I'd love to hear a plan of action.
please do something Senator!
Mexican and Muslim immigrants DO NOT HAVE THOSE VALUES EITHER! I will not be voting 4 u.
Thank you! Use the law to stop these atrocities.
nice but will need more than tweets to stop this nonsensical mania
please do something the American people are pleading please make this stop!!!
Thank you. We are behind you 100%.
So U like the rapes,murders,&other crimes committed. & let's not forget epidemicsEV-D69 12children dead 98paralyzed100Ksick
@DHayesstoker Senator, please work with other senators to stop Trump.
praying for all world leaders today tomorrow and for always! 
Our ancestors gave their lives so than USA citizens can have bans, wall, etc.  @POTUS is implementing the Americans' will.
Really? Are you sure what those are? 
#BuildThatWall
Certainly not what you stand for, NAZI creep!! #TheResistance #bastardPresident #NeverMyPresident #UniteBlue
thank you
You are just wrong. Our values have in no way been trampled. They are finally going to be protected.
, you and Democratic colleagues must not treat Trump as genteel adversary. He is enemy of humane treatment of all who suffer.
thank you for resisting, speaking out.
DO SOMETHING NOW!!!!
You & Udall have to cause some rumble with the Nat'l press and in Senate Chamber! We are concerned & angry New Mexicans!
Thank you for speaking out. What are you and @SenateDems doing about it?
Senator, do something. We cannot let this happen in our country and we need democratic leadership right now.
Thank you! Please help us fight for the rights of ALL Americans.
Talk is cheap, Senator. Action reqd at this point. If NM delegation can't respond to these EOs then we'll look for new reps.
then dam it do something more then tweet
what can you do to stop this ban and wall? Please help!
Senator please protect this country!
Thank you.
Then what are you going to actually do?
Dems need to be a heck of a lot louder than they are being now so maybe Republicans will feel pressure to follow suit.
international community must impose sanctions on trump and associates immediately
