Good. If you can't see past being politically correct we don't need you. Brace men and women are needed.
Politically incorrect men and women?
"Politically correct" - doing what you perceive will be popular despite whether or not it's correct.
So yes I applaud all those politically incorrect people who do what's correct vs what will get them votes or applause.
The real dilemma here is what is correct?

If you do what you believe is correct it will never be just "politically correct".
You are spot on! Discourse is needed not shutting down of convo. Pulling out was because it was bad agreement not denying global warming.
Bad how? (Serious question)
Simply put, return on investment is horrible 4 America who improving ea yr thx to private innovation. Cost - economy result- next to 0
Fine. Take your corporate carbon trading benefits+RE subsidies+ go home.  http://www.triplepundit.com/2009/03/disney-goes-green/ …
Chuckling a/b @Robertiger reference to principle; the carbon tax scheme was carefully designed to fund dreamers' finely-tuned schemes
Yes yes - everyone should read Interpol's Guide to Carbon Trading Crime. Upper rh nav bar of this PR on the topic https://www.interpol.int/en/News-and-media/News/2013/PR090/ …
@RichardTol 's climate economics text warns of the extreme vulnerability of carbon markets to fraud. Basic reading! Does PMJT have a copy?
Sadly a rather obscure 'back-burner' item for the public https://www.amazon.com/Fraud-Carbon-Markets-Connection-Environmental/dp/1138928097 …
I disagree. The public are smarter than you think.
Plus, they're getting pretty FLIPPING cross about being scammed! (sorry about the strong language).
Robert Iger, people still remember you had American workers train their foreign replacements, shame on you!

America First 
Yea why do you fire American citizen and hire foreigners cheaper labor? Anti american
Exactly, and Roger Iger has the nerve to quit the President's Council over a fraud money scheme Paris Agreement    MAGA 

AS A MATTER OF PRINCIPLE I'M BANNING ALL DISNEY UNTIL ROBERT IGER IS FIRED
This is your house. 
Your NEIGHBORS have solar panels.
Your house does NOT.

Respectfully sir: STUFF your sanctimony.

// Chris Wallace
It's better for him NOT to have them. Look at my pinned tweet. 

It doesn't affect what we do about climate change.  It just saves Americans billions of dollars.  #DoYourHomework.
Well said , Cheap populism Wouldn't , Save & Build America , Real logic Actions ,Such As A better health care plan & tax cuts will LOL #MAGA
Self-righteous CEO who travels by private jet coughing more carbon in an hour than individual in a year. #hypocrisy #falsepiety @elonmusk
Good show, old bean! 
You wouldn't know a principled principle if it hit you in the eye. Good riddance, @RobertIger
Going to Disney World today. Happier to see that you support the environment.
That's your prerogative, but it's a shame you are putting the interests of global empire builders ahead of American people.
You will need the extra time to respond the investigation into your company's alleged mis-use of H1-B visas
Good. We don't want Marxists advising our President!!!
As a matter of "Principle" , BOYCOTT the fossil fuels you use so very, very freely yet pretend to oppose ? You irrational Hypocrite !
Okay then. What is Disney going to do to uphold the agreement ITSELF? Leave the council and then what?

As a matter of principle I've boycotted Disney since you had your American IT workers train their foreign replacements.#greedypsycho
I won't miss you.
So basically you're an elitist job killer & you hated seeing the stock market explode when he pulled out.  Good that you dropped out, silly
Good, u were only trying 2 line your pockets anyway! Good riddance 
The world and America thanks u for ur strength and conviction in doing so. Peace 
Why don't you resign from your private jet as well? #hypocrit

I'd like to resign from my Disney cruise coming up in August. We don't need a $3T globalist pact to do what's best for U.S. #climatechange
The comment of the day!
Trumpertantrum is not a leader by any definition.
A new term coined! Hard not to like it
As a matter of principle, you should pay my share. Congress didn't vote for it, Obama signed illegally.  Spending authority belong to House.

Good riddance. the swap is draining on its own!
/ The public knows climate agenda is a hoax.  it's all about money & losing business.
So great to see that there are a few good men left in this crazy world #ParisAgreement #afewgoodmen
Good riddance! #DrainTheSwamp Sometimes, it drains itself #MAGA  #PresidentTrump say it OUTLOUD AND PROUD: #PRESIDENTTRUMP
Can't arbitrarily have a treaty in the Constitution requires an act of Congress. How do you not understand this?
States Must Reassert Their Sovereignty & Make Their Own Laws when  the Fed  Government No Longer Represents States Best interests. #resist
TRANSLATION: How dare Pres. Trump put the American peoples bank acct. over my bank acct. All my investments down the drain.....ah,ah,ah.
TRANSLATION: The American people are so darn stupid they voted Pres.Trump. Why can't Trump be like other politicians who hate Americans.
I hear Macron is accepting disgruntled refugees.
I'll throw a few bucks in.
You have no principles except for ones revolving around profit.
Interesting to see what the last straw was for you. I will remember that @Disney was okay with misogyny.
Nobody voted for you. U r just another elitist global CEO.
You have been defeated by the Covfefe! TWO SCOOPS!
@elonmusk good now American taxpayers don't have to finance you & your company anymore! #Winning
Thank you Elon and Robert for your efforts to ensure the future of man-kind. It's unfortunate you were forced into this decision
 The leftist CEO of Disney is stepping away from MAGA?  Who gives a ?
Good. The less liberal influence the better.
@TrumpsBlonde 
Good. I don't want anybody around that wants America to be a second rate nation.
Good riddance!!!!!
Yes we need to be at the climate table with people with whom we don't agree. And you're leaving the council proves....?
Exactly.  Stay on the council and lend some direction.
So what snow flake it’s called weather change
RINO Swamp Rats running scared - go kiss Macron, Traudeau, Merkel, Junker et al & shared bosses at BilderburgThis Brit  @realDonaldTrump
Good! If you're foolish enough to not see Clinate Accord was unfair to U.S. while giving a pass to China and India then good riddance.
Good. The President's Council is only for #Patriots who love #America and want to #MAGA.
And? It took this for you to resign? You have been an outspoken opponent since the election. #MediaHound #ConvenientTiming #Disney
SEE YA!!!
As a matter of principal I will not travel to DW as it is producing harmful climate change!
I assume that in support of the Paris agreement, you will stop flying around in private jets and start flying coach. Is that correct Robert?
Au revoir!
GOOD, WE DONT NEED PEOPLE LIKE YOU: NOW MOVE TO EUROPE!
Just continue to make $1 toys in Asian slave factories for a 600% markup.
What did you think would happen Trump did EXACTLY what he said he would do. How is this news to anyone? Promise kept
You MUST resign from #Disney ASAP. Walt Disney is rolling in his grave knowing you are anywhere near his wonderful creation.
Sure! “Principle.” So, that’s what it’s called!
O's govt handed Elon Musk almost $5B to set up Tesla.
Musk owns 22% of it.
So Obama made Musk a billionaire w US taxpayer $.
Trump: no more. 
it absolutely does nothing for the environment. It was simply a way to spread our money around globally as in all Obama.
Bravo! Kudos to you and your principles. Disney rules :-)
.@RobertIger So glad to hear of your resignation. Thank you very much. We eagerly await your blissful departure.
Thank you for attempting to make things better for us all. Trump is a cancer he only destroys things he touches. #resist
Lay off the juice buddy
Says the Russian bot troll  
As a matter of principle,  I sold my Disney stock when you turned it into a dumping ground for immigrant workers replacing Americans

SHAME
Weather channel finder saying climate change is a hoax......
The whole Climate Scare is One Big Wealth Redistribution Scam! The Earth has Warmed & Cooled for millennia & Is Just Fine! Just Stop It!
Time for my family to boybott disney.
If you want a real world idea that would actually have a positive impact on global warming, the Mars goal, AND funding Mars - let me know.
Please drop Johnny Depp from all future pictures. I will not support Disney or attend another Disney picture until he is gone.
Disavow Jonny Depp as a matter of principle.
Well done sir!
Thank you for standing for your principles and those of our country. #notwithoutafight
Thank you! #TheResistance
Your leftists ideology is costing millions of subscribers to ESPN. Keep it up
Good! Bye
Thank you, sir. Your strength and stand are greatly admired.
Leadership requires making tough thoughtful decisions.
Thank you ! you are free to help the country from  this US Chavez ( but worst) see the news about Venezuela #SOSVenezuela
As a matter of principle, I am selling my Walt Disney stock . . . voluntarily giving up influential positions is not good for shareholders.
Much respect
Your Principle is the "Lifeblood" that flows through the veins of your Character, mixed with your great DNA, makes U the Great person  U R!
Gasp!
Bad business decision. On the inside you can influence policy. Now on the outside you are irrelevant. You just hurt Disney stockholders.
We live in a free country, this man apparently against American jobs and good economy - choice was to destroy economy
good riddance!
We the American PEOPLE are so happy!! I love MY PRESIDENT! 󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦󾓦
Good principal
Good - I used to vacation Disney every year; never again.  commie Disney. I hope Walt's ghost haunts you all.
Principle? Like @elonmusk just waiting for signatures to dry so he cld be first in line for more multi-billion $ of US subsidies? Pure B.S.
Distrust whoever gave you that advice.
Then you need to check your principles
Is principle why you charge families $4 for a 10-cent watered down fountain drink at WDW?
#trump ..https://youtu.be/wC_nXPesu54  he could do with listening to the nxt generation, they get it, but they're far more intelligent!
As a matter of principle, I don't care what fat cat rich globalists trying to steal more money fm American taxpayers do when it doesn't work
Good. No need for the religion climate $$$$ redistribution anywhere near The People's House. The USA taxpayers' ATM is closed.
Well Done! Stand_up against going to hell in a hand cart.
Bravo pour votre courage ! 
Thank you for having principles!
Sell your Gulfstream 650 and donate the proceeds to the UN. Then fly coach for a year. Only then will you have such moral authority.
Thank you
Mind games, let them think the world will end soon. They are losing money & power. Good riddance Disney.
Thank you!!
God Bless You.
You should have never participated with this #chowdahead
THANK TOU ROBERT FOR UR RESISTANCE#MakeOurPlanetGreatAgain
Well, better late than never I giess...
Don't let the door hit ya on the way out!
Will you withdraw Disney from US Chamber of Commerce?
China's pollution is going to destroy the world not the USA
Yah, he stopped all the taxpayer money you were going to get,  I'd be pissed too.
The American people are disgusted with filthy rich people like you shoving your opinions down our throats. And stealing our hard-earned $$$
Don't let the door hit you in the you know where.  No loss to us, we never wanted you there in the first place.  Our President is too nice
Good.  Don't let the door hit you in your a$$.
Oh no it's time for Trollville. Hold on people the world  going to explode.
Well Do Not Let The Door Hit You In The Ass.. Protect Our Environment We Have The Right To Produce Create Jobs Like Everyone Else #StepOFF
Thank you
Thank you
Good. Did the right thing..
Where was your principles when you was stealing average Americans money to fund your bullshit business?
Thanks for your values, i wish the GOP had some of the right stuff you showed yesterday
"Principle" my ass.
You going to start flying commercial there chief & actually do something to reduce your carbon footprint besides resign from a nothing post?
Thanks. :)
Be sure to tell those on your private yacht after you fly there on your private jet
Now disappear Coward! As long as you're the CEO of Disney I will never take my family there. POS
Bye bye
BuhBye.
Fancy coming over here to Rep politicians of principle? Thanks for your career sacrifice. Twitter stands with u #ParisClimateDeal
Great! Good riddance! To bad you didn't get fired & replaced by an immigrant..watch that door on the way out!
Thank you
Imagineers at Disney tried to implement #CleanTech at #Disney for YEARS. Eisner + Iger Admin resisted change. Lousy Leaders! #ParisAgreement
Boycott Disney
Hopefully you have a better plan then redistributing 100 trillion with no measurable result. Please share when you do.
Good! You are and never were qualified to be on this panel.
Don't know why you were there to start with
glad to know all the racism and the sexual assault thing and the muslim ban and the stealing from vets charities were cool with u tho
You now have principles? But perversion in kid films A ok  
You have a LOT of class and integrity. Thank you.
No more free money to be had?
Can't blame you. Talking to Trump is like talking to a wall. Keep up the fight though!
As a matter of principle, I have blocked you fro my account.
Good, that private jet won't be emitting more carbon flying back & forth to D.C.
So, @DrPhil @drdrew @DoctorRamani ,
effective communication modeled to youth?
Turn your back and walk away...
Sounds like a bad marriage.
"incredibly important to be open"
"accessible""treat people fairly""look them in the eye"
"tell them what is on your mind."
Isn't this you?!
I really dont care
Meh. You didn't respond to my screenplay either. So...bye-bye-bye.
This has nothing to do with Climate change all to do with redistribution of wealth it's over says the Millionaire.
MAGA # Fine....And I and my family will not be visiting Disney.....!!
@POTUS found a awesome way to drain the swamp with pulling out of the disastrous Paris thing. Creatures are leaving automatically!
Thank you Robert for being a true politician fighting for the best interests of our people!
Why were you there in the first place?. A man of your standing should know better.
I envision a new Disney heroine Paris Accordia coming soon to save the dying world from the evil Trumpolluter!
Good.
Thank you
Well, give up the private jets, etc. And close the parks for 1.3rd of each month to protest COAL produced electric. Paris was a BAD DEAL.
Now grab your friends for an exodus from the council & form your own. Harness your collective power for good which doesn't require the WH.
Good! Don't let the door hit you in the ass on your way out!
.@RobertIger I understand the principle. But isn't #ParisAgreement, like, non-binding? Unenforcible? Feel-good empty words?
Thank you. Let's hope the entire Council resigns and, w one voice, denounces what 45 is doing to the America we all love.
It seems you have no business near the WH anyway!
I wish more ppl dare to say that Trump is not qualifyed 2be president ore for that qualified to be in a position were responsibly is a must.
If you think the Paris accord was a great deal, I feel sorry for Disney. If you are a true leader you will go back to the table.
Thank you for picking up the ball that our president has dropped. #Renewableenergy and #energystorage are our future. Thanks for leading!
U.S. will continue to lead the way in energy, renewable energy, & energy storage. But the PCA would impoverish & de-industrialize America.
Not even close to true. 1 PCA was voluntary, worst we had to do was nothing. 2 innovation drives industry, innovation like renewable energy.
#WellBye
Perhaps a campaign where you refuse to let people into your Disney Parks if they used carbon to travel?
Drain the swamp.
As a matter of principle, my family will have nothing to  do with @Disney  - Period!

@realDonaldTrump
Perhaps you can join a group of scientists who rely on REAL data, not hogwash & FALSIFIED NOAA data, and learn the truth about Mother Nature
You killed Path To 9/11 b/c it showed Clinton allowed Bin Laden to go
Then you joined @POTUS only in order to leave theatrically
#BuhBye. Find someone else to fund socialist globalism. Thanks but no thanks. Good luck.
Who cares bye Felicia no more free money
you were quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
I'm so late, but TY for leaving Mr. Trump's Business Advisory council over the Paris Agreement withdrawal. Hope many more follow your lead.
Another patriot with morals and courage! Thank you! Hope u'll be back when we have a sane POTUS! #ImpeachTrumpNOW
your Tweet was quoted by @nytimes
Ok, so... That's because you want a #BigGovernment acting like a Master Of Puppets? #ItServesWho #WiseUp
To add things up, not sure that it will serve you well in the long run...
I guess you will be closing your parks at dusk and cutting ticket prices right??
..and As a Disney stockholder, I am behind Disney, 200%
H1-B visa fiasco ,,,your stars constantly attacking conservatives ,Disney was built on backs of Working Tax paying Americans #Universal 4us
But Paris agreement will be active from 2025?
And you are a sell out
Obviously you care nothing about helping the US become better & rather US give millions to other countries that can help them. Wrong!
