Do they think we are going to allow Trump Administration to muzzle the only people who can offer the American people the truth they deserve?
How do you make them talk when we all know Republicans won't do anything.
I think I might have a new hero in the Senate! "I don't care how you felt..." was brilliant!
Me too. I rewound the remote to see who this senator was from.
Who was he? I saw it on a very tiny screen.
Senator Heinrich from Oregon I think.
Henrich is the right spelling I think.
No, it's Heinrich. He's my Senator.
Your lucky. I'm living in TX 
But a horrible Republican gov. until next year.
Find it interesting that U have already been briefed on these issues & know all the answers. No Trump push to close Russian investigation!
Charge them with contempt. Show you mean business.  Great job!

Much respect for Senator @MartinHeinrich of New Mexico who demanded the truth today. This man needs to run for POTUS or VP!  #TheResistance 
The presedent is not an open book for all to know. I agree with Dir Coat,
Thank you Mr Heinrich!
Why isn't he in contempt of something?
Thank you, Senator! I am so proud to be represented by you!
Obviously whatever he was to stressed to say was bad enough he couldn't say it in front of us.  It's getting Hot in Here!
Right on Coats, personal conversation should stay personal
Refusal to answer is contemptible.
Good questions, but your demeanor was belligerent. Played to Demo leadership, stay focused on calm, firm pursuit of truth
I call BS on this evasion!
Coats obstructed justice
1.  Unacceptable Answer
2.  We Deserve better
3.  Disrespectful to Oversight Cmte
4.  Disrespectful to The American People.......
Contempt....help us sir, we're losing our country before our eyes
He said he didn't feel pressured in anyway, than apparently no law was broken
#lockthemup
Just how deep does this cover up go?
Thank you, Senator but please don't lose track of the ACHA, budget and Paris issues. We are counting on you.
Felt proud watching you today.  Kerp pressing for answers. Citizens deserve the truth!
Thank you, Senator. Keep fighting for the people!
Thank you so very much!
Thank you so much for your efforts today.
I'm not satisfied either. You did a good job today Senator.
But your constituents back home in NM were very satisfied with your questions! Thank you. Keep fighting for us! #TrumpRussia
I'm proud to have you as my senator. Go get em!!!!
I agree, saying nothing is worse then answering the question. Thank you for your persistence in trying to get answers.
If I were you I wouldn't tweet this interaction,you come across very arrogant
Thank you. People like you give me some hope for our state and country.
In contempt
Coats said he does not reveal conversations with POTUS. If POTUS never asked, there was no convo to reveal. Missed your chance
Can these jokers be held in contempt of Congress for refusing to answer questions before the  committee?  Is there any recourse available?
Were the questions answered in a closed session this afternoon/evening. Asking for a friend - all my fellow Americans
Keep on being dissatisfied until we get *all* the answers Senator. I appreciate your good work for New Mexico and for our country #Resist
Do you think that this refusal falls under the purview of Contempt?  Will you file a Contempt charge?
I'm curious about this, too.
Thank you for doing your job for not only New Mexicans but the citizenry of the US.
Please keep after the search for the truth. Our democracy depends on all of you to find it no matter what. TY for all you do.
With thanks to you and your colleagues for your efforts to find the truth today on our behalf.  Please continue to fight the good fight!
Yaass drag her. Great job!
Time to get rid of these colluders who owe their allegiance to a traitor who is ruining our democracy as opposed to their oath for country
Neither was I.
I have found out that we do not have 3 branches of gov't , we have a dictatorship
Keep fighting the good fight. Thank you!
Thank you!! Keep going until we get to the truth - the whole truth.
It's Coats, so it should read "Director Coats' refusal"...
Keep this sort of thing up, Senator Heinrich. We are proud of you.
I see where their loyalty lies and it isn't with their country.
Proud of ya!!
I do not believe there is an "I'd-prefer-not-to-answer" privilege.  If there's a legal privilege, assert it.  If not, answer.  Simple.
I'm not satisfied at all!!
thank you for your awesomeness today!
Coats couldn't smooth a silk sheet if he had a hot date with a babe...
Thank you for your excellent questioning.
Thank you sir for your diligence! We do appreciate you trying to get to the truth!!
Thank you Senator!
Very good work. Precise and on point questions.
Comey's statement is detailed and damning. What questions will you ask the former FBI Director after reading it?
Great job today!!
I guess they are giving potus loyalty. Very shady!
Oh you're not? 
Thanks for diligence Senator!
Thank you for refusing to back down and demanding answers! What I saw today was appalling! The American people deserve honest answers!
A true Patriot & Representative of the People Not Trump or Russian Interests!
Thank you for your work today
Excellent job today, Senator.
We need the T.R.U.T.H! Keep asking until we get the truth. If it's not classified it can be shared in Open Session.
Thank you.
Ditto.
Nor was this American citizen.
