@MartinHeinrich #wethepeople demand investigation #Pay2play #uraniumDeal #bengazi #Criminalparty #TarmacBill #SethRich #OBAMAwiretaps
As is the case with #Trumpet put up fake memes and statements with no foundation
You're blind to the countless negative and false Trump memes then, right? Constant attacks from both sides brings about nothing positive.
One word: Comey And I will not be silent Of course things are contentious. Where I'm sitting, this is war between the darknesd and light.
No actually is an attack by those upset their candidate did not win. It's that simple. Even if he did everything right he'd be attacked.
Trump did not won popular vote It is incumbent on EC delagates 2vote will of the people they rep 12th Am
Even if the electoral college worked as it should, in order to reflect the desires of the citizenry and giving electoral votes matching...
...the percentage of the popular vote they won, especially in states with a large number of electoral votes, Hillary would still have lost.
Why didn't he arrest @HillaryClinton?
Yes, why wasn't Hillary persecuted like any other American citizen would have been under the same circumstances?
Way off subject.
Not even.  Any  other citizens would be serving time
Oh, we have to forget the horrendous things Obama and Hillary and their cohorts did. It's called SLAD (Selective Liberal Amnesia Disorder)
Chill Buddy. The hearing is about Trump/Russia probe. Not about Hillary.
Here's your sign. 

http://m.youngcons.com/2017/06/08/comey-loretta-lynch-wanted-me-to-downplay-the-criminal-investigation-into-hillary-clinton/ …
#JamesComey says he is "sure" Special Counsel Mueller will investigate if Trump tried to obstruct justice

#ComeyDay
As if it's possible for a liberal to ask a question that doesn't make their rival look guilty regardless of their response? I think not.
Kind of like the question: Have you stopped accepting monies from the Democratic Party to protect their criminal actions yet?
Ask him if the president insinuated or persuaded him to let Flynn go  coz that is the real question for obstruction
Why, during the election, did you feel the need to bring up clinton's email investigation but did not disclose the trump/Russia one?
Cause #Obama told him not to. #Hillary was expected to win! When she didn't then the #Collusion crap came up.
Why does it have to be crap? Don't you investigate funny smelling things? I wish more politicians would be grilled this hard.
This is a waste of time. Trump never coerced or threatened so he has violated no law.  Waste of taxpayer funds.
Just like Benghazi, right?
You cannot compare Benghazi to this. 2 very different situations
Referring to the Massive waste, Benghazi did not deserve multiple wa$ted hearings. This, is just beginning.
Hope they are investigating his dirty money trail with Deutsche Bank. Income from Russian sources.
Hope they are investigating Trumps dirty money ties with the Russians. Selling property to them for millions more than market value.
Ask him if the pee-pee tape actually exist?
Great Questions. Thank you
Questions were great. U look nice
Thank you for your questions during the Comey hearing. Very much appreciated the insightfulness and fairness..
Why are you so mean? POTUS has been naive in the ways of politics. That's it. No smoking gun. I voted for Hillary. Enough already. Move On.
Loving this testimony, you don't have shit on the president lol
Well done!  Great lead in on Russia meddled in 2016 election.
#ImpeachTrump
Ask him to reveal the content of the Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch conversation on the tarmac.
Please hurry and wrap this circus up. Time to do some real work that benefits New Mexico
I don't think you will like those answers.
Q Due to Intro, you agree DJ now has ongoing 'duty to correct' if POTUS is investig/subject? You, out of office, as well? So, what's status?
To SenHeinrich:When can we start using #trump gate or #trumprussiagate and SCANDAL? #Comeyday
Did the pres. ever ask about ways 2 prevent further interference from Russia in our elections? Did show concern for this? #Questions4Comey
#Since
#CongressIsStillWasting
#11000DollarsASecond on
#DebtAbuseInterest
#WhoCan
#TeachCongress to #BudgetTheirIncome & #PayoffTheirDebt ?
Hopefully Comey will "Be a Gentlemanof History" and not become a Coward or Fink ...He still has aFuture and the FBI needs him as a Gentleman
When told that loyalty is needed, why didn't Comey come out and say "I took an oath and I'm loyal to the American people, not the president!
We know Russia attacked from the outside, does he believe there are active attacks from inside to destroy our democracy?
You did great job Wed hearing- thank you
Dude stop. There is nothing there and you #Democrats looking like screeching #fools. Don't embarrass the state!
When @MartinHeinrich is satisfied there is nothing to see here I'll move along. #Questions4Comey
Why document Trump contacts- not Obama tho sure R's will ask that.
Does the Bureau automatically record all communications with the Director as a policy?
9 meetings - 3 F2F, 2 phone on opening statement. Other 4 phone? Content ?
#Questions4Comey - Y was Trump in MI 11/7
& How do we know Detroit 75k too-lightly inked
ballots UNCOUNTED  Is FRAUD from GOP or RUSSIA?
#p2
#Questions4Comey Who can corroborate your meetings with the President?
What does "loyalty" mean? Or "Loyal honesty"? Do you have any reason to believe "loyalty" hasn't been demanded from others? #Questions4Comey
6) Have any arms from Russia been supplied to Mexican Cartels and used to kill border agents or is that still Eric Holder's little venture?
#
9. #Comey, Counter Intel investigation differs from criminal. At the time U were asked was (and is) #Trump under criminal investigation?
" Why do you believe you were fired? And do you believe that the Russia investigation was sabotaged because you were fired"?
8. Ask #Comey, "You told #Trump he wasnt personally under invest, doesnt mean he wasn't professionally? Is he as head of campaign/company?
7. There is concern that @GOP members of SSIC will try to deflect or discredit #Comey. Ask questions that counter their efforts.
4. #Comey kept MTFs & shared w/leadership. Who in leadership chain did he speak 2 regarding #Trump interactions? What was their feedback?
3. In conversation, reference was made to the dossier shared w/ #Trump? What percent of that document has been verified by the FBI?
2. #Comey statement didn't cover all of the 9 interactions he had w/ #Trump. What can he recall about the other phone calls?
1. Follow up on UR questions from yesterday 2 C if #Comey can add anything; Coates et. al. R in Contempt of Congress.
Nice job today, Sen. Ask Comey for facts of each/every discussion between him and rump. Corroborate w/memos and witnesses he told about mtgs
Why did he continue to assure president trump he wasn't under investigation? There should always be a no comment about ANY open case
Mr Comey, Will you tell the truth, the WHOLE truth and nothing but the truth?
He stated in the first meeting he was compelled to take notes, but did not say why. What made him document the first meeting in the FBI car
Was a criminal investigation involving Trump (incl. admin) active at time Trump asked FBI to drop Russia investigation?
Did Trump lie about his conversations with Comey? Lie to American people?
Did he feel intimidated by 45?  Did he feel his job was at stake if he refused to pledge allegiance to 45?
@SenateDems Did Trump team have secret convos & meetings with countries ambassadors, other than Russia during campaign.
Does Comey have recordings on any conversation with the president? If so, when can we all hear them?
What else did the president discuss with Comey, that the committee & American public should be aware of, that isn't protected conversation?
"Mr. Comey, I want to first thank you for your service to our country.  Thank you sir!  Now my 1st question:   Is Trump a fucking lunatic?"
#askComey Did any of Trump's question or conversations remind Comey of organized crime like the Gambino family or any other types of crime?
Want to know why Comey would tell Trump he wasn't under investigation.  He'd have no idea where it would go. #questions4comey
Did you request additional resources for the investigation prior to being fired? If so, who was aware of this request?
Did you find it odd that Pres. Trump expressed no interest in who the "satellite" subjects of investigation might be? #QuestionsForComey
Just don't forget who Mr. Comey is and treat him with the greatest of respect please.  Thank you.Thank you for this tweet and your consider.
#askComey What made him think he had the right 2decide who would be a better president & did he feel he would sway Election w/his actions?
Based on your investigation, are @GOP senators & congress implicated in Russian ties? Only related to $$$ or other kompromat?
Thank you Martin!
How many other trump surrogates asked you to drop your investigation into flynn or Russia
How many occasions did trump interfere with your investigation
I hope he reveals the Democratic corruption. For he has nothing to lose.
#questions4comey Did he allow Trump Russia in exchange 4 Trump Anti-Abortion Promise 2 Legislate a WOMAN'S Vagina? Did Comey Trump trade?
What doe the Trump Administration have over you that you won't tell the straight truth?
DJT made similar requests of other officials, do you know of any that complied/attempted to blunt investigation? #Questions4Comey
Does it appear to Comey that Sessions has properly recused/removed himself from all aspects of Trump/Russia investigation? #Questions4Comey
#questions4Comey What's really going on? Why subterfuge if no evidence, no case & nothing 2 hide? Did Comey ever SUPPRESS Evidence 4 Trump?
If you were the ruler of the world, and you had to appoint a successor, would you appoint Trump?  If not, why not?
#Questions4Comey using different set of rules, separate allegiance, religion or mafioso intimidation 2 give Trump special privileges? & Why?
#questions4comey Ask if he would ever come forward if he had not been fired? & Why not investigate & scrutinize collusion of Trump ties?
#questions4comey What disturbed Coemy most & describe in detail? &What info does Comey have on Trump &/or Trump have on Comey? All of it.
Connect the dots with him including the day Sally Yates notified the WH about Flynn and next day he asked Comey to let The Flynn thing go.
#QuestionsForComey Did Comey knowingly influence the election 2 help elect Trump intentionally &/or becuase Comey is an anti-Abortionist?
What did Mr. Trump say or do, at or before your Jan. 6 briefing, that persuaded you to begin to record conversations with him?
#questions4comey Under what authority did Comey Spy on his AG Boss Loretta Lynch? How did Comey feel about working 4 a woman?
#questions4comey does he have any religious reason why he didn't investigate Russia blackmail report yet hounded Clinton on fake evidence?
#Questions4Comey ever going 2 investigate Trump &his ties 2Russia &other misdeeds or gave DT an Evangelist HALL PASS on taxpayers dime? ASK.
#questions4comey Why did Comey give Trump special favors 2 assure him of no scrutiny? What else is going on? Why subjugate 2 Trump demands?
DON'T ask how Trump's actions made Jim Comey FEEL or whether those actions IMPEDED him. The Qs must be geared to show obstruction of justice
Great job today. Thank you.
Agreed!
Did the president ask you/plead/lean/coerce/or suggest you stop investigating his friends, verbally or otherwise?
Did POTUS know Mike Flynn was paid by Russia & Turkey when he said Flynn was a "good guy"?  Did you know? If you did, why did you agree?
When you left, has an obstruction investigation begun against Trump? #corrputtrump #treasonoustrump #saveourdemocracy
What were the subjects of the other 3 calls?  Where there any witnesses (such as wait staff) to the conversations?
There silence implies acquiescence and verification that the president has pressured them. Their jobs are more important than  the truth.
#FollowBackResistance 

When you asked Sessions to stop the meetings, what was his response?
Obstruction: is this something the FBI is investigating?
What exactly was said in "loyal honesty" convo? Does comey distinguish betw. loyal honesty & honest loyalty? What did he promise trump?
Why did Comey not tell Trump each and every time Trump called or invited him to dinner that such calls or meetings werent appropriate?
Oh and please set up an SSCI on what happened to Hillarys foundation money$$
Can we stop the witch hunt that doesn't exist and get to work on what we elected you to do for NM and USA??
Ask whether a sitting President has authority to ask about any investigation as long as the Prez does't interfere in fact gathering process
honestly you're the most awesome senator ever!! 
#NewMexicans R looking 2 U Senator... 2 ask the hard questions & bring truth 2 light. #MarchForTruth #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #Resistance
would like to ask him if he thought the 30k plus Hillary emails that were deleted contained more classsified info,and should she be in jail
When did you get your lobotomy?
If the president asked you to drop the invest into Flynn, why do you think he didn't not mean the entire investigation considering 1/2
considering what he told the Russians the day after you were fired? [That the pressure of the investigation was off] 2/2
Like you will ever read them. You need to realize how arrogant you sounded today. The forgotten are watching!
Ask him about the foundations of both Trump and Clinton.Seen many pointing figure at each and little follow up. Follow the money.
Did he at any time offer assurances that Trump campaign officials or family had been cleared in any investigation?  #Questions4Comey
Why did Comey expect that Sessions would recuse himself from the Russia investigation (2 weeks before actual recusal)?
#Questions4Comey
why did Comey not ask specifically to what Trump was referring? "The cloud?"
Based on your professional assessment, was 45s reaction to news of #peetape genuine?
are there not policies in place to actually protect the independence of FBI?
could Trump "satellites" such as Kushner have roped POTUS in all unknowing?
Why could comey NOT release info during campaign about Trump campaign being investigated?
How does FBI handle impropriety/inappropriateness on part of a POTUS when AG will not step in?
Do we have further insights into if/how Russia using 45?
Are there any recordings of your interactions with Trump that could be submitted as evidence that you're aware of?
hi sir. My Qs: Ehy did 45 say "comey said I wasn't under investigation 3x?" Does comey believe 45 conduct=obstruction?
Shower in the morning or at night? #Questions4Comey
As far as you know, were your conversations with the president recorded?
? - Pattern of behavior:  inappropriate discussions, loyalty pledge, firing of Yates and Comey, tweets about tapes, Lester Holt interview.
Have Comey explain definition of obstruction of justice: underlying crime not needed & person obstructing not nec. target of investigation
Comey states 3x POTUS joy under counterintelligence investigation (prepared testimony)- is he under criminal investigation?
#QuestionForComey 
@jaketapper SenatorH shows up as a 7th FL Creation Level beacon, Jake. 
Unclassified Memos anchor an oscillator. #Truth
SallyYates is a PrimeMover. Her anchor pins for Flynn's skiptracer put Comey in a specific mind set prior to dinner? Would be helpful POV
Boxers or briefs?
did DT grab any part of your body and refuse to let go?! Sorry…this is serious but Macron might have the same question!
You are pompous, arrogant and an embarrassment to NM today!
I'm only playing devil's advocate, folks. I'm pretty sure it's indefensible.
Trump praised Comey on the campaign, as he brought new H.Clinton material forward. Did this begin to sour Comey on Trump? Defense strategy?
Why did he find it necessary to trash Hillary before saying she didn't do anything illegal.
Why investigate Clinton 3 times, (yet nothing) with Trump and his family having known ties to Russia, u didn't question?
Why did he just document the conversations and not report them? Did he not trust Jeff Sessions? Thanks and great job Mr. Heinrich!
Why have you ever brought this up before if you were that uncomfortable?  You were specifically asked about this earlier and said no issues
Missed today, watching clips. Twitter is lovin you!! I brag, your mine. From 87825
Ask Comey why he didn't shot POTUS
Q: Have you, at anytime, felt intimidated by Mr Trump? Specifically, were you intimidated or threatened by the tweet about staying quite?
You wrote Trump was not under counterintel investigation-Was he under criminal investigation?Is he being investigated as part of campaign?
Is the President of the United States under FBI investigation? If so, since when?
#Questions4Comey - Were you actively investigating Trump when you were fired?
And if not, why? There was ample suggestive evidence that it would have been prudent.
Ask him what his definition of Obstruction of Justice is. #Questions4Comey
America needs answers stop with the classified crap.  Whether someone has done this is not classified
Mr. Comey, are you aware of any investigation into the entire dossier, including the salacious material?
Jazzy Summer pasta recipes?
Knowing what you know now what steps would you take differently if any?
Last year, why did you disclose info on Clinton emails investigation but not info on Trump campaign's ties to Russia? #Questions4Comey
How do you respond to the president's charges that you are a grandstanding showboat who was not doing a good job at FBI? #Questions4Comey
Do you believe president's conflicts of interest & emoluments clause violations constitute a serious threat to the country? #Questions4Comey
Comey should also be asked if @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @DevinNunes & @jasoninthehouse r under investigation for abstraction of justice
Are you aware of President Trump making the statement or a similar statement of "I need loyalty, I expect loyalty"? to any other official?
Why is it concerning 45 attempted to politicize FBI by asking director to remove cloud by commenting on an ongoing investigation?
Does being near Trump feel like being near a dementor?
People closest to POTUS:  Kushner and China/EB-5 and loans. Is this being investigated?  Is POTUS implicated?
Based on president's actions and statements you have witnessed personally, do you believe he is competent to hold office? #Questions4Comey
You say DJT didn't request you drop the "broader Investigation into Russia" but doesn't dropping Flynn's case affect the broader case? Y/N?
Are there multiple investigations of Trump wrt to Russia and to financial (RICO) and FEC dealings?  Are there state level investigations?
Do you think you were fired  because you continued to investigate Flynn or refused to drop Russian probe
Did you feel he wanted you to stop the investigation
Do you believe prez is "unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office" & should be removed under 25th amendment? #Questions4Comey
Who else on the White House staff reached out to Comey to look the other way?
From your meetings or conversations did you feel Trump was trying to interfere with your investigation of Flynn
Q: "How tall do you want your monument on the Mall, as tall as you, or taller?"
Why are we letting @POTUS get away with not telling the truth to the American people? He has lied over and over. Not Normal  #ComeyMemo
My questions were answered with what was read from his opening statement
Thanks Mr Heinrich. You did a good job today.
Is the president competent?
Is there currently an investigation into Donald Trump and possible coordination with Russia?
Did any of the President's staff or cabinet secretaries ask about or ask you to drop the Russia/Flynn investigation? #Questions4Comey
Comey, your interactions with Pres. Trump lead you to take contemporaneous notes of the conversations.  Explain why?
Can you ask him if FBI or any other intel agency began to investigate Trump personally or his family after their January 6th conversation?
Small change: Ask him if FBI / other intel agency began to investigate Trump personally, his businesses or his family after their 1/6 convo?
What compelled you to record your conversations with Pres. Trump? Especially when you didn't with Pres. Obama? #Questions4Comey
why did you feel compelled to immediately record your interaction with Trump after your first meeting?
"At the time of your firing, had Donald Trump been ruled out as a subject of interest in your investigation" Specific wording important
My question: Given the totality of your testimony around interactions with Trump, do you believe that you were fired for...
...refusing to comply with his repeated request that you "lift the cloud" of the Russian investigation?
What was the nature of the other 4 undetailed phone calls? #Questions4Comey
I know you won't ask but why did he ignore Hillary's transgressions.
What does the President know about Russian in his Cabinet and when did he know that?
Do you consider your dismissal a result of you not offering your absolute loyalty to the president or unwillingness to make "cloud" go away?
Exactly what first person observations led him to start documenting his first meeting outside the tower?
What do you think Trump intended when he asked for your pledge of loyalty?
Thus is a great question!
