Is there any committee or rational person 2 write 2 about the people being dragged out in wheelchairs today? It's disgusting & unacceptable.
#Protest #March
N.M. Health Connection just announced 80% premium increase. This is what your Obamacare has wrought. Giant FAIL!
BC 45 is threatening not to pay them. Plenty of information about why the costs are going up this year
N.M. Health Connection (Obamacare) premiums are going up 80%. That's due to insane Obamacare plan, not Trump. Smell yourself.
My ex-daughter in law had to have her heart repaired last week. ACA made that possible! My grandkids deserve their mother.
... healthcare are rising 2 fast, it will quickly outpace our savings. I have a pre-existing condition. I'm afraid I will have 2 work...
Stop trumpCare!! Thanks @MartinHeinrich and @SenatorTomUdall, NMs Senators Do what needs done..

Obstructionist!!!OBSTRUCTIONIST!!!
NM! UR Senator @MartinHeinrich on @cspan He IS standing up to protect ACA expansion in NM 
He would not even sign a resolution to get cheaper drugs from Canada, untill shamed into doing it.  #CorporateSellOut
#UniversalHealthCare
SAVE OBAMACARE, SAVE LIVES!
Obamacare was a NeoLib give away to insurance companies and big Pharma. Heinrick does not stand for universal healthcare. Check his donors.
It's simple, Federal government needs to get completely out of health care and do it ourselves.  And let insurance compete.
That's the problem Insurance wasn't competing wasn't ensuring people  in fact getting bonuses for denying sick people
you're playing with someones life in the free market but oh please tell me how you're pro-life again
I'd like to take this time to remind everyone that the airline Industries after gas prices dropped never dropped the per bag fee
You can no longer trust corporations to do what's ethical if it means profits
I just got my medicare and medicaid (MediCal where I live) combined. I'm 70 and haven't had my eyes checked since the 90s. No Trumpcare.
I am 60, healthy, paid for Insurance all these years with almost 0 claims. I am one they should want to keep but they are pricing me out
I have three boys. U are all 4 war with Russia. U voted for more Russian sanctions. You go fight the ground war in Syria. WWIII PUSHER.
#AmericaSpeaksOut 35+ yrs as an educator, administrator & child advocate;Early retirement due to health. $7K yr 4 insurance=ok, $25K=NOT!
Let's get someone who is not a NeoLib, and will fight for universal healthcare, someone who is not funded by Big Pharma.
Do you know of such a person?
I never hear you talk about the people that lost there insurance because of ACA and can't afford ACA because of the high premiums.
Only going to get worse under #Trumpcare
Pls vote against HR 3003. Withholding funds from sanctuary cities. When it comes to the Senate. Mesilla NM
Universal healthcare. That's what he should be pushing. Check his donors. He can't do that.
35+ yrs educator, administrator & child advocate;Early retirement due to severe arthritis & fibromyalgia. $7K yr 4 insurance=ok, $25K=NOT!
you're fortunate to be able to pay $7k/yr, but it's NOT OK!  We can take care of everyone: we need to get the profit OUT of health care.
I KNEW the cost would be high so planned 4 it. But I'm concerned the GOP plan will put insurance out of reach cuz of pre-existing conditions
Heinrich needs to be speaking out strongly for universal healthcare, or he needs to be primaried. Corporate Democrats have ruined the party
Universal may b a hard sell w majority of Americans. Some combo of basic coverage 4 all & private 4 those who want/can afford, like Germany?
I'm a mama to two NICU babies. Need I say more ?!?! This has to stop #Trumpcare #ShowUsTheBill
So u got pregnant with children u cannot afford and u think I'm ur black slave and supposed to go out & pick cotton for ur irresponsibility
America speaks out: Obamacare is a disaster. Can you say anything that isn't anti @POTUS? Pathetic partison, anti-AMERICAN priorities!
... until I can't anymore and then hope I die as quickly as possible afterwards. I'm only 40 years old. #AmericaSpeaksOut
I myself am disabled but employed, 2 grown daughters with serious health issues, they must have healthcare!
Universal, like the rest of the world would be great. You do know he would not even sign a resolution to get cheaper drugs from Canada?
#Trump is foolish! But The American people are neglecting there own health bye eating too much fat and sugar. 60% #overweight! Eating death
Senator Heinrich  say Medicare for all if you are not totally bought. Obamacare leaves millions out and is failing. Premiums are going up.
#AmericaSpeaksOut  My husband & I have worked hard & saved. We have tried to be responsible and take care of ourselves. The costs of ...
My mother was had a stroke and the dementia, she was in a nursing home for 2 years. What would have happened to her without Medicare?
#AmericaSpeaksOut Had my colon removed 10 years ago and had to pay a ton to Cobra my insurance to avoid #preexistingconditions
Didn't your party pull the same action under oboma care. Seem like everyone has a short term memory when it comes to there own party
@HealHealthcare my sister and brother both have M.S. any cap or lifetime max will hurt them in getting expensive meds & tx
@HealHealthcare min wage in Idaho is $7.25hr.. that is WORKING POOR -- THEY NEED MEDICAID
I have cancer and don't know how to deal with it.  Where do I go, who do I see that will take me with no $.
It will affect my patients who for the first time in decades now have coverage to see a provider
are you going to post the stories about people that cannot afford obamacare and its deductibles?
#AmericaSpeaksOut I am a nurse. I have seen so many go without healthcare until the ACA. Please don't let Americans go without healthcare!
Some of still do. Employer ins but $750 outofpocket for ea kid too much 2B told it's 5ths or just a cold pediatrician Office visits are $150
13 yr old son,hydrocephalus, apnea. #preexistingconditions #lifetimelimits
Thanks
Because I'm a cancer survivor, my husband would have to delay retirement several years until I reach 65 or I'll have no insurance.
Did you worry about it this much when premiums doubled and insurance agencies bailed under Obamacare? This is NOT the fault of Republicans
The AHCA is much worse than the ACA. Not only will millions not be able to afford insurance anymore, healthcare jobs will suffer.
Just vote "NO!", Senator.  We don't need to see it to know it's bad for America and Americans.  America needs a SINGLE PAYER system.
Obama care "you can see what's in it after you pass it's it's a failure and so r u. Need new blood as a rep.
Autism touches our family, medical cost..insurance $1300 per month through employer plus another $250 for medication per month. It's hard!
#TrumpCare will make people choose between paying for bills&food or healthcare! ACA has helped my fam to pay for all 3
I have 2 adult children; both with mental health issues. Husband disabled. Our family would be hard hit with repeal of ACA.
Do you want letters sent to your office? Email? How best can we respond?
#AmericaSpeaksOut Breast cancer survivor & just recently told I had a serious genetic heart defect-open heart surgery #preexistingconditions
#AmericaSpeaksOut not my fault car accident, disabled; pelvic nerve damage, L hip replacement @ 50, going to need another replacement later
I don't think it could be any worse than the current situation, my healthcare sucks unless something life threatening happens, not worth it
Thank you Senator!
With #ObamaCare we got our meds free of charge! I only pay $18.95 for another med!! Hope our voices are heard!!
I tagged you in my that is pinned to my profile a few days ago. I've also faxed it to your office a few times. 
Your not on it, so why should we listen to you!
Mr. Heinrich, what you and your peers are doing to help the black communities fight against the influx of deaths of black people by police?
Pressure? Pressure to do what, save America from Socialism and keep poverty #1 in the job market?
The Feds need to get OUT of our healthcare insur biz. It's not the roll of the federal gov.
What u fail to realize is it's NOT the roll of gov to be involved with medical insur.nor is it their responsibility to make it affordable
I'm 37 and have severe RA. Trumpcare would be devastating for me & my fam - $34k yearly premium. I'll email your staff with full details.
Obamacare was an "obamanation" doomed to failure. Wasted billions for nothing. Choice must be in health consumers hands. Gov't. off my body.
FORCE THEM TO SHOW US THE BILL!
Please use every tool you have to stop #TrumpCare.  We have your back, so feel free 2 grind all Senate business 2 a halt til #ShowUsTheBill
Senator I think it's time to change the # from Trumpcare to #Trumpdoesntcare
NO on #DonTcare !!!!
You do not want to hear my story because it is all about the negative effect ACA has had on my life. Stop cherry picking & face reality.
I'm genuinely intrigued. I work in healthcare and haven't experienced patients in your situation. Please share how it destroyed your life.
140 characters are not enough but I did not say it 'destroyed my life'. I will always find a way & will be fine in the long run.
I know pay over $1000 fine because I lost my insur do to ACA. Sounds pretty un-American but that's what the Dems did to me. No Socialism!
And I went from paying $250/month with $3,500 deductible, to paying $467/month with a $6K deductible. That's what the Dems did to me!
My story is, I lost my healthcare insur due to ACA. Not enough subsidies for others. Just paid for what I needed. No I pay a fine & no insur
Speak out !!! DemonRats are ruining America !!!
You/Dems can shut it down, literally. GOP isn't going to show anyone. Now grab a handfull, let the Senate know this is not business as usual
Go blow! Obama care not working!
We're counting on you to speak loudly and long on the Senate floor. Thanks for looking out for us. #Trumpcare is a killer.
And the ACA imploding isn't?  How do you stop the insurance providers from continuing to pull out?
Single payer system gets rid of the insurance companies.
