You do not have the right to other people's labor. #HealtcareIsNotARight
the doctors still get paid genius
the payer is changing, not the payee
Who's paying for it? Sounds like Theft. Money doesn't grow on trees. Free market system is the only self regulating system.
that's one of the most appallingly stupid things i've ever read
Sorry that you don't understand basic economics and you thinks it's ok to steal from people if it's for "the greater good"
"taxes are theft" is something a 13-year-old edgelord believes. it's not a sentiment that i feel obliged to respect
When congress has to live with the same medical insurance and care we plebeians get. Only then. Stop pushing it on us.
Health care is a human right-FIX FDA-& BAD DRUG MARKET--YOU WILL FIX HEALTHCARE OF THE NATION- ITS IN FOOD,WATER,AIR- NOT 1 OF U CARE *FACT*
Thanks for being pro-slavery. To steal one person's effort for the benefit of another is slavery. To do it through taxation is theft.
Is taking tax $ for roads, sidewalks, public ed, and police services also slavery? You're stance is incredibly unAmerican and isolationist.
There is nothing free. The working-class ends paying
Then why not finally have a means of negotiating the hell out of the costs?!??
Try pricing out cashpay Costco Pharmacy vs others. It works.
So are informed consent and protection of babies. Don't support flu vaccine when data shows a 7 fold increase in miscarriage.
Thank You @MartinHeinrich for standing for the people.
Thank you!!
In America Health care should always be a right. Not just a luxury for the few.
Those programs are great. But there are still millions of people that don't qualify for them. This bill expands Medicare to cover everyone
Who's right is it to pay for everyone else's healthcare?
Celeb, u currently pay for other people's sidewalks, and roads, and hurricane relief. That's how America works. Sorry you don't understand.
Health care is not a right.
Thank you Senator Heinrich! Thank you for being a #Cosponsor for #SinglePayer!
Health care is a human right-YOUR WORDS--THEN WHY IS FDA ALOWED TO PUSH BAD DRUGS ON MARKET--I ALMOST DIED- I KNOW 1ST HAND & LOST MANY FAM.
Thank you Martin Heinrich! #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Why? Don't you realize more of us want to be FREE to make our OWN CHOICE. Not one size fits all at an exorbitant price to all.
Projections seem to be anywhere from $1.5 trillion to $3.2 trillion annually. They may be some offsets. Which means new taxes.
If "Health care is a human right" then tell us how we'll pay for it.
How will Medicare for All be funded?
Yes! Now, what's your stance on campaign finance reform and, assuming you care, what's your plan to get it done?
Thank you! 
#Medicare4All
will you be signing up your family & yourself for this Medicare for all too?
If we are spending too much of our GDP on healthcare, how much more will we spend after you geniuses take over?  50%?  75%
Furthermore, show me in the Constitution or Amendments that it is a right.  You can't because it doesn't exist.
Working class will pay like we always do. Everybody leaches off of us and it's not right.

Is #MedicareForAll kinda like Obama promises "If you like you doctor..." or "If you like your Healthcare plan..."?
thank you for supporting #MedicareForAll. Let people know what other help/actions are needed to allow debate & vote
Healthcare a civil, not a human right. Human rights also for earliest homo sapiens was no structure for it
Thank you Thank you Thank you!!!!
How do you intend to pay for it, by doubling the national debt?
#Medicareforall universal healthcare coverage and access for all Americans
Thank you sir!
How does this bill deal with the Hyde amendment?
It isn't though.
I'm so proud of you sir. Thank you. The country is hurting and more than ready to join the rest of the civilized world& have #Medicare4All
Thank you Senator.
YOU ARE SO RIGHT SENATOR. 
IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO. 
SWISS, DANES, SWEDES AND OTHERS DO. AND THEY DONT BITCH ABOUT IT
Can you fight to get us out of the VA healthcare bondage also? I mean, why is Albuquerque a 2 star VA hospital? What are you doing to help?
yes!
Thank you,  sir!
Thank you!
Thank you for representing the #505 in this act! Healthcare is a Human Right, & our current system gets it wrong.
It's not a right. It's a service
Eve if we still have to pay ( since we are already paying), health care should be for everyone; It is a human rights, thanks
Thanks for your support on this sir.  I always tell my son that we are lucky to live in NM because we have two great senators.
Thank you!
Thank you @MartinHeinrich for supporting health care for ALL Americans.
http://www.usdebtclock.org  Senator.
Thank you, Senator Heinrich!
Healthcare for all fine, single payer...no
How else do we get there at this point? I'd support a German Bismarck model or a French two-tiered system, but neither are being mentioned.
Ah. Exactly the problem. The single payer has taken a mystical like power. People are no longer talking about this issue rationally.
I had hoped others, like Warren, would bring up the various systems & start a debate. But this seems to be it. That's why I'm on board.
Well I am not. And I will do what I can to stop it.  Sorry.
That's fine. I think its pretty much inevitable at this point.
Far from it.The plan is doomed.The left is in a Mondel, Carter Dukakis period. It will fail & then through capitulation move to the center
No, it's a commodity.
It sounds like More redistribution to me, I'd hate for people to pay for something.
they pay for it through their taxes.
That's the problem most of them don't pay taxes and is that why Canadians come here to get stuff done. I work to pay for my health care.
who is "them"?
Thank you Senator Heinrich. You have my vote and my support. Don't waver!
Wake up people!...read 'The Big Lie' by Dinesh D'Sousa!
Omg are you serious. Fall into line Marty you fit right into the liberal dem party. Can't think on your own.
Rights are God given, they are NOT given by government.
That's great.  Is there any progress towards a bill for the DREAMERS?

Rights don't come at the expense of others.
At least we know where you stand unlike some Dems who know it isn't a winning position and lie about intentions. Voters have a clear choice.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you! Sincerely. 
Signed, 
Small Biz Owner & wife of a cancer survivor

Please tell #Pelosi and #Schumer to get on board.
@NancyPelosi @SenSchumer IT IS TIME TO REPRESENT YOUR CONSTITUENTS. #MedicareForAll The country is hurting. The days of corruption are over
Thank you!!!
Thank you senator!!! I knew I canvassed for you for a great reason!!
awwwww yeaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Thank you!

there it is. thank you, Senator!!
No Healthcare is not a right.
No it isn't
I'm incredibly proud & grateful for your commitment!
Thank you.
How do you plan to deal with the Hyde Amendment and all the others that will come after to deny women access to necessary healthcare?
Why is health care a human right? And when historically could this be said and not laughed at?
Yeah, let's destroy health care and bankrupt the nation at the same time. You should do a little research before you suggest things.
You folks supporting this are pathetic. How will you pay for it? Oh, I know, tax the rich. There are not enough rich to pay for 5 years of i
Thank you, my Senator
Ok, love it. But, tell us how you will pay for it. Senator, most of us are not that dumb. Platitudes are cheap. Step up to the plate.
Thank you, senator. That's why we voted for you. Keep doing good.
How much are you willing to pay for it, 40, 50% of your annual income?
Thank you!!
ACA was a good start and time to expand. Too bad it took the U.S. over 70 years to realize it's a right not a privilege
Thank you so much Senator for supporting this policy. It will work for millions of Americans.
How do you plan to pay for it. There are not enough rich to pay for it.
