Hahahahaha, JUST STOP TWEETING! One lie after another, just like @TheDemocrats , @barackobama!
what happened for the first 2 years of Obamas first term? You didn't hold the democratic majority accountable
i don't know, ask the Republican controlled congress
where have you been, it's been Republican controlled, come out from underneath your rock, it's ok.
.@SenSchumer: Immigrants are under attack. We'll cont to hold you & Dems accountable to stand strong against Trump on this too
#HereToStay
Illegals don't have the right to disagree or agree about our government. Don't like it? Get out.
Why hasn’t this been true for the past 8 years?
Chucky, elections have consequences, to quote Mr. Soetoro, so suck it up and be a good boy.
yea right, like you was re: @POTUS good luck with that, time for you to go to, maybe next time around
Accountability is hard word to define. Simple messages - DEMS  SAVING jobs, healthcare, Medicaid. Audience used to 30 sec bytes.
@MartinHeinrich Who held Dems accountable? ABSOLUTELY NO ONE
you are a DINO and I don't trust you or believe anything you say. You need to leave congress
So why couldn't the past 6 years have been an accountability Congress? If it had been, wouldn't be stuck w/Trump & GOP now.
Scare tactics no long
Transparency first. Trump needs to Tweet to expose the lies. I'm sorry that you find that offensive but I expected it.
@MartinHeinrich Oh my goodness, you retweeted Schumer. We need to help you.
With all the hate, crimes, lies and deception in America are you all going to continue to play Big Brother?
How long in office? Where has all this "accountability" been? Just gearing for more political game playing.
Ty! Single Payer for all! From the top down!
When will you start holding people in your own party accountable. So sick of American politics!
Be sure to thank Harry Reid for changing the filibuster rule. Good luck stopping anything. LOL
I sure hope so...because it hasn't been for the last 8 years and now look what we are stuck with going backwards
principles is just another word for obstruction?
You had better bring your A game Senator. This is not about you, it's about saving our country.
u didn't learn anything from GOP obstruction did you, go ahead and make our day!
I don't guess duty & oath ever enters into your mind about work in Senate. That's okay, you too can be replaced like BHO & HRC!
Mr. Schumer, we will in turn hold your feet to the fire in demanding accountability from Trump! Don't let us down.
well done, Senator.
HA HA HA HA. Did you hold The Obamas accountable?  How much did those moochers spend on their numerous lavish vacations?
Thanks Chuck. That give me hope and lightens my heavy heart. Fight hard for us, please. #NotMyPresident #Resistance
LMAO!!
@gerhadt_kreuz Like devide the country? Divided against its self, it will not stand but why should you care. Your way, right?
Rabbit right? Hahahahahaha. Not my war, yours. We have what we want. A man who cares about this country. Uh r the division.
We agree , to not agree. May this country survive. I love my country. Family came here in 16oo's.
or an obstructionist congress. We're sick of that. Work together.
Who are U planning on being accountable to! To date it's been PARTY,SOROS, BHO, HRC,DONORS & OTHER LOW LIFES, NEVER the People!
Oh shit & I was hoping this Congress was going to be the get something done Congress. Silly me. Sounds like Harry Reid to me
dems lost get over it you done enough to destroy the U.S.
America people voted @realDonaldTrump to be the Accountability POTUS & Tweets work!
Thanks Chucky, we will wipe the Democrats out of the Senate in 2018, I cannot distinguish between you and Harry Reid!
Wonderful. How will you make this so?
when R's held Pres.Obama accountable u called it obstruction, u promise to use the same tactic, now it's a good fight,  haha
DID YOU JUST WAKE UP ! WHY DID YOU NOT HOLD OBAMA ACCOUNTABLE FOR 8 YEARS! Remember WE ON L.I.WILL BE HOLDING YOU ACCOUNTABLE !
NOV8DEMSDEVASTED.NOV8 Hillary &Obama crushed.Schumer butt kisser for BOTH..perhaps Schumer more butt lotion ease NOV8 PAIN...
prove it.
I hope you do what's for the American people  and allow with no fight Trump's Cabinet Picks, let's try something different
@ShellyBksf @TheDemocrats need fresh faces and trustworthy leaders, sorry but you're not it
@ny2honolulu chuckie is a dick!
needs a shiny armor thinking he'll save the LIBERALS from their DEMISE against @realDonaldTrump  @maddow is thrilled!!
you wouldn't know accountability if it hit you in the face.
Work together as one government...FOR ALL
.@SenSchumer @DNC TY SenSchumer!  You can count on  70 mil plus who voted against Trump to help you with Accountability. #Resist #DemForce
Accountable to whom & for what? #Trump & the #GOP promised white men they'd be great again. What will be the cost of keeping that promise?
The rest of us will be watching. We will hold you and @TheDemocrats accountable for upholding our values of inclusion, tolerance, & equality
Please nail him to the wall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if the Rank & File, who elected DJT, see this as obstruction the strategy will result in a loss for Dems in 2020. Expect It!
Suddenly you want to be 'accountable' after 8 yrs. of bending over to Obama. Was he blackmailing you?
@luvman33wife Accountable for what??? Fulfilling their agenda? This must be a #resistance minority to #unite&fight their agenda!
fact is Dems don't have voting power so we the people are only ones that can fight the GOP! #TheResistance
DEMS can still stand as united block. There will be bills where 2/3 needed & Dems must show united opposition Day1
true and they do just that!  Give the GOP exactly what they gave Obama- ZERO!
You ain't no different babe, what have you accomplished as a CAREER POLITICIAN? NOTHING, we the people don't buy it anymore
All regardless of party should be held accountable for their actions... Period! Keep the people's best interest utmost in mind.
what about all the CT lost what about the dirty cesspool of the DNC
REMEMBER DT got 62+mill BUT 74+mill voted AGAINST DT.Remind repub the MAJORITY is watching,ready 2 take action #TheResistance
ABOUT F--ing TIME, Senator
pay attention and learn.
why was the last congress not accountable
who is holding you accountable?
It doesnt look like the 115th Congress is off to an Accountable start!
115th Congress begins today, this is the first move by House Republicans: http://www.npr.org/2017/01/02/507955013/house-gop-votes-to-strip-independence-from-congressional-ethics-office?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=politics&utm_medium=social&utm_term=nprnews …
should of done that for the last 8 yrs, instead of waiting til now!
your the minority for a reason Americans have spoken your party lies cheats misleads and never accepts the truth when exposed
now that your party has lost over 1000 seats across the country your gonna find a voice to little to late your time has past
You say This will be an Accountability Congress You are a joke you have been silent for the last eight years
Where have you been for the last 8 years? Retire & let new, fresh young minds work for Americans!
how?? you can't even hold yourself accountable!
Great! There has been zero accountability the past 8 years. Time to fix the disaster made by the Dems.
hypocrite you are
U better hold dems accountable too.  Election in 2 yrs!!
When are you going to hold you party accountable never you just blame everyone else
= Drunken Sailor Alert =

Accountability used to mean NOT SPENDING.

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Shame on @SenSchumer for NOT mentioning protection of immigrants &  DACA
#ICYMI & @TheDemocrats - we are #HereToStay
obama deported more than 3 million latinos because he only care about his Muslim brotherhood
Thanks for the great start today.  America is watching!
but you gave yourselves a pass.Act like adults not spoiled children. #termlimitsnow #Hypocrites #RetireChuckles #SenileOldFool
@MartinHeinrich So it hasn't been under Obama. Obstruction appears to be the operative word. U rushed through Obama's SECTRES &
After the last 8 yrs, just maybe accountability might happen? Maybe even responsibility. American's are watching both sides!
@NBCA1959 Keep that promise!
nobody holds cuomo in ny accountable he thinks he runs a kingdom
where was accountability n last 8yrs when obumma almost destroyd us solyndra/irs/china hacking/GSA/VA death list/Co.orange river
@SenMarkey This guy is full of hot air just like you. Another Grandstander
@MartinHeinrich but y'all are hypocrites
@MartinHeinrich now y'all going to be accountable y'all have not for 8 days years. Obama should have been impeached
3.@SenSchumer Sir U spent $17M im NY to win Re-election where u had No Substantial opponent.TX,FL,PA,NC,WI,MI,IA more winnable w/Dem Media!
2.@SenSchumer Lefties,Progressives,Liberals NEED a 24/7 Cable/Radio/News apparatus to Drive Our Issues dependant on 40% RWing&57% #CorpMSM.
provided you don't buddy up with T**** and curry favor for your own political gain.
1.@SenSchumer Talk=CHEAP! Action #Dems=Respect,Reliable Voters,Trust,Enthusiasm. Fix Voter Suppression by #GOP.Stop #1PartyRule. Fight #Dems
Ah, now it's time right? You are accountable only to yourselves and your history proves that. You have hurt the citizens more than helped.
we don't want accountability we want obstruction!  if,you can't do it. Give up the leaders chair to someone who will
all they have to so is JUST SAY NO NO NO NO NO.  It was the way McConnell beat us!!
I look forward to seeing evidence of your participation in our fight, senator.
@SenMarkey 
Did the Dems. Take a class on Accoutability? You always defect&place blame elsewhere. None of u take responsibility!
Why was @POTUS and @HillaryClinton never held accountable?  Clean your own party first. And how about some help to upstate NY?
@SenMarkey Thank you! This is the best way the Dem party can rise triumphant with new leadership!
I hope Trump drops an executive order on your ass every day.
#MAGA
Cats in the Obama sandbox.
<- swamp creature, the type we want OUT. Schumer serves the DNC not America.
Thanks for the warm welcome. Nice of you. However, elections have consequences, so get ready to get hoarse -- for nothing.
**Interesting since you couldn't do that w a D POTUS & both a D Congress & R Congress??!! Nice try Chuckles! @realDonaldTrump
thank you, Please sand firm by this! The stakes have never been higher.
Trump just might hold your girl accountable!
whst a joke of a Senator. .please retire
for the first time in 8 years you call yourselves ACCOUNTABLE?!?!
Ha! H.R.34 is proof that you have no intention of holding congress accountable to the American people. Sellouts!
great speech!
this is a joke right?THE TRUTH is ur going 2 protect OBUMMAS harmful legacy,NOT THE PPL.his legacy is more important than people
If the American people have to count on you Schumer, then we are all in big trouble!
Can't wait till you finally retire
u havnt held that creature accountable 4 anything in 8 yrs. ur letting em screw the people in his last days,2 protect his legacy
You didn't hold your party accountable over #VoterFraud in the NY primaries. #DemExit #ThirdParty #FTW #OurRevolution
now? what about last 8 yrs. OBUMMA hasnt been held accountable 2 no1 and hes still screwin up today, why the change in heart?
Nice words, but there's no basis for believing them. Make  it happen, or face a leadership challenge next January. #noconfidence
loved that!

We are counting on the Senate to act fairly and diligently in protecting the interests of all Americans. This moment matters.
@tempteststorm2 this needs to be a Congress that works together to accomplish things for the people. Unite not obstruct.
Love your Speech! This is gonna be one Bumpy ride for both Dem/Rep. Good Luck Dealing with a Ignorant Drumpf!
FEET TO THE FIRE CHUCK ,NUFF SAID .
Just hold president @realDonaldTrump to the same standard that you held your president. But you already aren't. Shame on you.
How can we help you?
My thoughts as well. #SenSchumer
for all we know it could b a 400 lb guy using ur account!
Look at your own party also. Quit blaming others for ur screw ups!
try holding that swamp called the Democratic Party accountable first - Get your own house in Oder
trump needs to put up or shut the f up!!! Every press conference he's said he would have he's cancelled! Man baby!
a**hole
the left did nothing to hold Obama accountable!!
How abt term limits. Remember democrats aren't very favorable at the moment, continue same road, continue blaming others of loss, lose 2020
Being a billionaire means successful not anti American worker. What would you prefer more lifer political hacks & ex lobbyists?
@SenMarkey If only you had held Obama & your own party accountable for the past 8 years, we wouldn't be saddled with Trump now.
all trump is ... Hot air!!!!
we can't have a president elect that wants to play f-en dodge ball!!!
That includes accountability on both sides of the aisle. America ia looking for a hero to stand for us all and nit just a party
As you held Hillary and pay to play?
you were absolute, positive and right on with your speech!!! I hope everyone in the US gets to hear it!
I see you as speaker of the house Warren or Michele Obama being next president. If this happens we wrote our history USA is done
who is that blonde women sitting behind you? Name please??? Someone!
we put up with the far left for eight years, tough sh*t Chuck
we are counting on that - and you.
. You are a real piece of work or lack of. Your type is what The People are voting out. You think only of your own interests.
If President Trump fails I see a leftwing hard core American haters taking over in 2020.
not if, when trump fails.. And the left are not America hating. I'm sorry you're too ignorant to grasp that
You sound like a little baby... 
too bad there wasn't accountability to Obama's executive actions and his decisions to circumvent the American people
Just what did you hold Pres. Obama accountable for?
, inspiring speech... I believe that Donald Trump will satisfy his own accountability. We will help him!
Humans are creatures of habit . I wonder now why u want to hold someone accountable? @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
He finally looked in the Mirror and realized he's a hypocrite! #MAGA
We hope so Chuck, we're counting on you.
interesting! Why can't it be like that every year or is it only when it's a repub prez? Smh
You are gonna have to fight tooth and nail to keep it that way after last night's shenanigans
Do it! Take action. Start with the #PEOTUS and #conflictofinterest. Be relentless.
If it is accountability for all, will be a welcome change:Party that removes highest % of its own corruption wins '18
Chuck, please don't back down from these deplorable @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr #republicans. They have done enough damage
Laugh out loud! 8 years of horrible leadership & politicians working for their own pockets, is over! #DrainTheSwamp #AmericaFirst #Trump45
Fight back hard on everything.
after your 8 year vacation from accountability in Congress why start now?
You are welcome. Safer country, low gas & unemployment. No wars. But fought enemies.
You tell 'em!
Don't let the rest of us down, we know Dems got the majority of votes. Keep up the good fight..!!
If California and sanctuary cities got a recount and threw all the illegal votes away, dems lost every way.
Voter fraud is rare but dems blaming Russia for Hillary's loss? Educate urself. It's been proven illegals have voted n few voted more than 1
Really? I'm not going to put head in sand and say no R voted twice. I know I didn't. It was shown pics of ppl saying come vote we don't 1/2
Research Cali laws. Jerry Brown passed the law that illegals can get DL. In Cali, you get DL you're automatically registered to vote. Sooo..
Where have u been for the last 8 years, Senator Disingenuous?
you will sit back and do as told by President Trump
Do you mean hold President-Elect Trump accountable like you held Obama accountable? It's immaterial. Y'all don't have the votes.
watching you on @cnnbrk and I like what I'm hearing.
We can only hope. No evidence of anyone having balls to reference
the answer to partisan BS is not partisan BS. You must hold everyone accountable, this includes your own people and independants
why didn't you hold  your president accountable
♡
U had a Community organizer using a pen & a phone for 8 years elections have consequences the people have rejected your policies
So the last Congress just let POTUS do whatever he wanted? As Minority ldr u represent ALL the people not just NY #Outnumbered
