“I think your unwillingness to answer a very basic question speaks volumes,” Sen. Heinrich says to DNI Dan Coats http://cbsn.ws/2rUEHpe  
Wait...unless it was considered a criminal act. Then not saying something is appropriate
Bingo. Trump tried to obstruct justice, but they can't say that in public until the trial.
Wrong. There will never be any trial because there is nothing here.
What planet r you still on? Treason?
All those words have meaning. If you weren't a treasonous racist bigot, people wouldn't call you that.
You forgot Russian bot & white supremacist 
Come on bro, you are a smart dude. Nothing came out of those hearings today for your side to be talking about
You mean America's side? Those guy just told us that Trump tried to stop the investigation. They'll say it out loud in classified hearings.
No, I mean the libtard side chief, yuge difference
You might want to unpin that 100 days tweet.
Got one better for ya
Or yes it did happen
Wow Coats doesn't answer question he was on the ropes didn't put him away
Let's see what Comey does tomorrow. I don't want to hope too much, Drumf always seems to weasle our 
Yes beginning to believe trump is Teflon & above the Law this is frustrating #TrumpLeaks #TrumpRussia
Some days I have to "put my head in the sand" so I can stay sane. 
I may be ignorant about this but if the conversation never happened then he wouldn't have 2 worry about sharing anything inappropriate
It just means - yes - but I want it to be disclosed by Mueller divas not to set future precedent between potus/intel
And mr. Zulu give it up already everything is falling apart for you today snowflake
Isn't that leading the witness?!
Pretty clear that saying "No" is perjury, and they can't say yes so they hide behind investigation but admit no legal reason for non answer
I think they can be jailed for contempt.
Question is will it happen, you or I refuse to answer under oath and it would but who knows about this
#Heinrich is an embarrassment to the state of #NewMexico.
Love the guy. Gov.Martinez is an embarrassment to the state.
I believe that both Rogers and Coats were Coordinated, Contemptuous and Obstructive with their non-answers.
Trump is new at the presidency? What about an experienced POTUS? 3 million more votes said they understood that.
@MartinHeinrich DOES NOTHING FOR NEW MEXICO JUST A LEFTIST OBSTRUCTIONIST!!!! WASTING OUR TIME AND TAX DOLLARS! DISCRACE!!!
@MartinHeinrich YOU DONT REPRESENT ME OR NEW MEXICO YOU WANNA ASK AN IMPORTANT QUESTION? ASK WHY THE FBI STILL HASN'T SEEN HILLARYS SERVERS
Simple but it would have been perjury. That's why they simply refused to answer direct questions
Why are they so afraid to answer?
Privilege. Is not truth
Is this collusion of silence designed to protect the president, or to protect themselves without pleading the 5th?
Does America realize today's hearings were the first of CovfefeDrumpf people flicking their fingers at us! Continuing tomorrow I am sure
Covfefe Drumpf and his dimwitted fan base!

the real obstruction is #HillaryClinton w Bangladesh using threat of IRS unless their donor let off the hook!!!
And #LousLearner pleading the 5th-corruption coverup!! Where were u then? Hypocrites! Lol
By not answering it really looks bad. If it had been a "no", I think he would have said so. Since he refuses to answer, that speaks for him.
Martin was another Dem Hero today a lot of us took notice & like what we saw in him!
Shoutout to my senator
Don't you ever get tired of being a lemming. Join the Trump train and be a winner.
Exactly if you are not emphatically saying " No" then give excuse for non answer it is a " YES". We did not just fall off the turnip truck
You realize that he also admits that the conversation occurred by his answer too, right?
That's my guy! He's been doing good. 
Thank you Senator Heinrich for your questions and your integrity
I love Martin Heinrich. He has balls. Unlike the @GOP twats.

#Lawless: By not having any legal argument or precedent to answer questions. The witness should be charged with contempt and sent to jailed. 
Thank you @MartinHeinrich. America needs to know.
Dems & by association, Muslims/people of other countries, are not people??? Really Erik? How Hitler began his realm! Bigger than Watergate!
Came thru 60's with healthy paranoia:hiding under desks and learning to live through fallout  Now the world is starting to scare me again
Can't wait for Thursday
Scares me that this is bigger than Drumpf.. How far in are we compromised? Getting toddler out isn't enuf.
He still is employed by the government- fortunately Comey is not.
If you respond to a "yes, or no" question by qualifying yourself before ignoring the question and answering a different one, you're guilty.
So YES,right? If they won't say NO, it means YES like when they say "can neither confirm nor deny" often does? He asked them,didn't PRESSURE
Unfuckingbelievable! I'm so pissed! Adrenaline is flowing! That bottle of Tito's doesn't stand a chance when I get home & turn the news on!
No, that never happened.
I agree.
@KMR31871 @MartinHeinrich @CBSNews did you ever in your life see anything quite this pathetic?.
I really feel dirty after watching that video. The pres is one man, representing millions, he is deceitful to his own countrymen. Complicit.
If only politicians could answer a question without political Babel...
So guilty #impeach #&in-prison
There was infact pressure from POTUS and he is still pressuring Not saying "No"  or "yes" is proof.
@CBSNews  TRUTH!!
Apparently in general scum sucking pukes don't care to perjure themselves. Seriously is that where they draw the line?
Just stay in reruns,  thanks.
Probably the most powerful & truthful statement of the entire session.
The senator is a fuxing douch
Put the screws to that lying prick.
Think he realizes, but others don't. The scope of this investigation precludes simple answers
It speaks volumes...like a whole encyclopedia.
This is going to be a long, painful process for the American people and then the mess after.
Wow, just wow
Why do the 4 Heads of Intelligence need to get White House counsel before they testify in "Closed Session"?
#realPresidentBannon
I liked what I saw from Sen. Heinrich. Never knew him. He has Pres. Candidate qualities!
Yes. I love my senator!
Yes. Because it happened.
Maybe someone needs to subpoena those office "associates" who hears him say it. Trump has made lying normal. Our country sucks due to Trump.
He could very well have not felt pressured but that speaks to his honor. 45 could've still tried to obstruct but Coats felt it laughable.
ComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicit #UGH
They don't want to be in trouble for lying under oath after comey tell the truth tomorrow
.@gop You must stop @realDonaldTrump administration from stonewall the senate investigation committee and help @America get to the truth!!!
Because it did happen and for some reason they are refusing to say so!
You need to show @SenAngusKing backing up Heinrich and putting the squeeze on them.
Their silence is a direct implication that something went wrong !
Cover much !!!!
Hearing was abt FISA, Mueller's mandate includes obstruction, public cross examination can jeopardize, Comey is the exception not the rule
Since they refused to deny that they were asked,  which would be easy,  have to assume they were. They won't be able to dodge Mueller.
In fairness, the guys had a pretty good answer here... it's his opinion to be inappropriate to discuss that. If that's his right, so be it.
Stone walling as usual. What are they hiding!
Like every single one of our politicians ... coached by legal teams to use the right words phrases. Imagine if Trump were coached
Would he remember what he was told or decide to "wing" it?
He'd still wing it. He seems to not listen to any council.
He is either very foolish or very clever ... have not figured out which yet. 1 thing for sure he knows how to manipulate people.
It's in his DNA--he believes he can do no wrong; therefore nothing he does is wrong! #trumpianlogic
2/2: We need to know what they're hiding and how did it effect the election & current policy
1/2: AGREED! Of course ppl are trying to hide shit, there's isn't a question about that. Never has been.
Hole in the ground, where are you when I need you??
That was my fav!
Surprise @ level of Greed & #Narcissism apparent in @POTUS DT (@realDonaldTrump ) & #TrumpFamilySyndicate Is like Surprise Hilter Murdered!
his tail is so between his legs! what a sop. and he helps run our IC?! embarrassingly weak
Paradoxically, perhaps the less they say, the more likely that when the truth comes out, it'll be more damaging to Trump.
Exactly
Total bullshit
Amazing that they won't give the American people any answers. Who exacyly do they work for? Could,someone ask that question????
I think these guys want very much to move to a classified hearing so they can spill the beans
Well, except for that pesky perjury problem.
Further, the fact that he was evasive shows that he's more interested in protecting Trump than being truthful in this instance.
Well how else are they going to continue destabilizing without any evidence?
A very appropriate line of questioning and a very evasive answer.  I'm going to surmise then that the answer is YES bcuz it is not NO.
Where's the bomb that was being dropped today? Maybe it was a stink bomb.
Exactly.  It would be simple to say "No." But they can't say "No" without lying.  So not answering at all is for all intents a "Yes" answer.
You know how dangerous that could be? You never know what the President may give away in his next tweet.
Coats doesn't want to be the one ppl point at & say, he's who brought @potus down. But he's not going to lie either if asked in a trial. 
Thiswholehearing was bizzare
STONEWALLING!
Kinda sound like democrats
#45 is more than happy to tell the world what he thinks, yet this guy won't give a simple 'yes or no'!
But THAT would be a lie. ;)
But McCain will
@CBSNews EXACTLY if it never happened they would say NO them refusing to answer means YES HE DID
The blackmail, bribery and threats are weighing heavy, visible fear needs to be replaced with patriot duty. #SenateIntelHearing
@harfordcolleen #TrumpRussia #ITMFA

Hello! I invite you to enjoy an anthem I recorded for the #Resistance:
"WE DIDN'T TRUMP THE FIRE"
a Dreamweasel production

https://youtu.be/kSrLKQcQv7A 
That's why I voted for him.
Sure sounds to me like all of them have been threatened by trump and/or associates.
Still, Me thinks "The Orange" is feeling squeezed. Go hearing committee.
Hope you're right.  What I saw today does not reassure me.
You're right. Working to stay positive

"Sore Thumb" statement to anyone with ears....but hey @FoxNews is still trying their best to spin this whole thing...unreal. #TraitorTrump
@MartinHeinrich yes!!! Great point and one that tells us everything we need to know. Thank u sir!
Followed by a 5-second pause because he realized the gravity of that statement.
They won't give yes or no answers. We wouldn't accept this from children yet will accept it from so called adults.
Not saying no speaks volumes.
Exactly, they would be screaming no it never happened if it hadn't, but they can't, because it did.
So he's saying it did happen then.
Word.
It really is simple, yes or no. If it never happened all he has to say is no. This comes across as "yes he did but I won't say he did.".
he can't say yes b/c that would be obstruction of justice. Can't say no b/c that would be a lie... no #WINWIN
Exactly! Trump's been pretty much BEGGING these two to do so! This is their only recourse to keep from lying or violating exec privilege.
George, do you chastise Ds when they do this same thing?  It's classic DC but I'm guessing you are 100% partisan in your attacks?
He can't answer because the Prez DID ask him to and it's part of obstruction. He cannot answer
Senator Joe McCarthy called, he's suing for plagiarism.
Didn't they learn anything from the Obama appointees, just plead the 5th.
If we do not get the information from the Government sources we will take the matter into our own hands.
Strong, organized, direct questions.  Worth watching.
Beautiful logo!
Be honest - would "Is there anything you can do to end this?" be a demand or a non-political asking a commonly phrased question in private?
Exactly. If they could say "no," they'd say it.
@CBSNews I love it. Look how pissy they all get. They want that smoking gun! Meanwhile... we keep winning
LOL - Stumpy is winning his way to THE BEST prison cell. All the other prisoners will be so envious.  
Sad-the only optimism you libs cling to these days is the fall of @POTUS-disappointed much?
The fall of an illegitimate effing TRAITOR. We still have the death penalty for that, actually.
Making NM proud.
Why is it always a name like Heinrich?
And if they said it, they would open themselves up for a perjury charge.
It DID happen. Whom are we to trust? If it wasn't for leakers we all wd be in the dark and putin wd b firmly ensconced in our affairs.
They said it you TWIT, No pressure, No ONE DIRECTED them.. That is ENOUGH stop twisting and lying to fit your Assinie AGENDA. #NOOBSTRUCTION
True, too, which raises more questions. 

Something doesn't smell good in the White House kitchen.
Senator @MartinHeinrich: "You realize how simple it would simply be to say 'No that never happened.'" https://twitter.com/CBSNews/status/872482204135436288 …
Get ready for President Heinrich in 2020.
There is no privilege that would apply to that question.
I thought that was a fine moment on behalf of the committee. The lack of answers is so frustrating.
*wildly claps and points to monitor saying "THIS" loudly*
