If this is an effort to stop the investigations into Russian collusion with the Trump campaign, it won’t succeed.
This is a direct attack on integrity & independence of FBI. I’m renewing my call for independent prosecutor to take over this investigation
Maybe you should talk with FBI agents.  They are embarrassed by the incompetence of Comey.
Next to Trump, Nixon was the picture of rationality, intelligence, & human decency.
Imagine nostalgia for that Dick, Nixon!
Keep up the good work sir. Ignore the trumpanzees and their Russian bot counterparts spamming your tweets with their pro Trump nonsense.
Oh horse shit, Martin.  Get real. This crap that you continually post is extremely divisive at a time when this country is about to come apa
Rank & File FBI didn't trust Comey anymore.  Read
Rosenstein's letter, for god's sake.
Yeah. That's why the agents were in tears this morning. NOT. The agents know our country has just been handed to Russia.
Stop with the conspiracy crap.  Podesta & Hillary have ties with Russia.  Real ties... is that the reason Democrats focus on Trump?
Does Trump have any relatives left to run the FBI?
Trump is scared ... Trump is guilty
Comey was very very close to revealing Trump PUTIN colluding
How? What could possibly have arisen between the last time the FBI took a swing at the Trump campaign and now?
Scared cat Trump fired.. let me repeat almost all leaders of the DOJ to obstruct justice
wtf lol
Enough talk. Take action! Protect America!
This is so true, and it makes me so happy. They've gotten away with murder for decades.  We're actually gonna hold this one accountable.
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Really you're a senator no wonder our government is screwed up. We have someone like u self telling the country the sky is falling GET REAL
Fail, not even close, cupcake..
...because they both have the word 'President' in them, an obvious connection.

Why not 'smack' Clinton's firing of FBI director W.Sessions?
We need to investigate Hillary to !
Anyone who believes all the outrage is politically motivated deserves what T is trying to do. Future generations - theirs included - don't.
We can't continue to sit back and watch what comes next. Trump is a huge disappointment to what this country represents.
You're insane.... you believe your voting base has a Clue about what your referencing?
As one of your constituents, I urge you to be strong in demanding an independent investigation of Trump Adminstration's ties to Russia.
Exactly! This stooge of a president must go!!
Comey got exactly what he deserved. After knifing Hill&Dems in back 4 Trump he gets canned anyway.
Finally, a Dem who gets it.  Can you please explain to your fellow Dems that "this raises questions" won't cut it?  #ConstitutionalCrisis
Draining one piece of flotsam from the swamp.  Comey was treacherous.
So what do you call Clintons firing of his FBI director? William Sessions?

Keep lying, we don't forget!
In this case, it's definitely the "Saturday Night Live Massacre".

Absurd.  Utterly absurd.
Yep!!
Smacks more of firing somebody who misled Congress on more than one occasion in addition to making decisions not within his job description.
"If it hadn't been for deepthroat ILLEGALLY leaking info this wouldn't be happening" SOUND FAMILLIAR?
Let us hope the corrupt Trump regime doesn't last as long.
oh please!  Chuck Schumer himself expressed no confidence in this guy!
If it wasnt for republicans ignoring ya'll we would be the Soviet Republic of the United States.
Your party begged to become part of the USSR. Saying, "I'd rather live on my knees than die on my feet." N "Better Red then Dead"
Are you not relieved Repub's didnt surrender to Russia during the Cold War @the cry of Demo's? Sabotaging Pres G. washingtons famous quote
Your "slip" is showing. Such BS
It is @theDemocrats in trouble, not Republicans. NO COLLUSION, Clapper said that again Yesterday  Liberals are stupid to believe the lie.
There is no effort to Stop the Russian Investigation. Maybe now YOU WILL pay attention to Circa News - What evils the Obama Admin did.
It's a smart political move designed to distract the public from America's leading criminal "satire" case. See:
Nope, U wish it was that easy. Truth is most Dems wanted him gone 2. Now you're scared he will bring in a real hawk with republican loyalty.
Night of the Long Hands
Why don't you renew your subscription to liberal Fascism quarterly. Fuccface.
Gray resigned, Ruckelshaus resigned. I don't remember Nixon effectively firing his FBI director with his AG's backing
If the lie or injustice is large enough, the people will be too stunned to resist.
Somebody oughta smack you Marty. Work with the President so we can solve some of America's problems.
Why is there an American flag behind you - you're a Democrat. Should be the flag for liberal Fascism.
Once again, I knew I could count on my elected Senate leaders to ensure our Democracy is not railroaded.
Weren't you one of the Democrats demanding that Comey step down following the Clinton emails debacle before the election?
please get an independent investigation going. We the people demand it.
Obstruction of justice?  
@MaggieJordanACN No it doesn't .
Thank you for continuing the inarticulate shrieking that will be liberalism's demise.
Sincerely -Those of us who are tired of the left.
Please, be on the side of requesting an independent investigation, we support you.
November 2018 cant come soon enough
This is what happens when you use government agencies as political weaponry DOJ, IRS ... Obama should be arrested, nearly destroyed country
Ladies and Gentlemen we have a BINGO. Great post!
HSIOW
It is like we have entered a time warp where we are doomed to repeat the past (WaterG)...it is utterly unbelievable...where is the truth....
Now what?
Trey Gowdy?
Hell no
No sir, what it smacks of is an FBI director who couldn't effectively lead his department! Left wanted him fired when it was Hillary lmao
When will someone stop this madness?!
We tried in 2016 by defeating hilliary, now we might have to wait for 2018 and get rid of more demonrats. Sigh the work continues.
There's hope. New blood for both parties by primarying incumbents @BrandNew535 #BrandNewCongress
Hahahahaha! Not even close. And weren't Democrats calling for Comey's head when he outed Hillary? Flexible party for sure.
And they should have.
With the notable absence of any Richardson or Ruckelshaus.
"he doth protest too much"
He's acting like a dictator
Senator, what can we do about it? Who do we pressure to appoint Independent Prosecutor?
I'd also like to know
