Please follow Guo Wengui @KwokMiles 
He is fighting against the evil chinese goverment
He is changing China.
He wants a #bill he can sign. Are you that thick Martin? You should have done it with #Obama
https://youtu.be/MAysq0SDHv8 
How about fighting for America and American citizens!!!!

As someone who witnessed his tenure on city Council you are backing the wrong horse
I’m a fan of this horse! Giddy up! 
He's "wrong" about handing other tax paying Americans money and giving it to people who illegally snuck in to The U.S.?  Good luck with that
Time to obey the law if they want to become LEGAL citizens I am all for it they are adults no hiding behind parental law breakers
Thank you for the commentary in LCS-N yesterday. As a third generation American, I’m with you#DACA
Your moral exhibitionnism has no place in politics. Debate policy based on principles!
"Wrong" to cancel and illegal act and give YOU a chance to do your job?  You have lost your marbles and need to be replaced.
How about standing up for fellow senator Corker? And inform us about Puerto Rico updates. Major still pleading for help, what's going on??
Yes to current dreamers, but STOP granting auto citizenship just because Mom ran across the border in labor
dreamers do not care they are displacing americans in jobs: they will use the daca anchor to further their family members to stay
Take a hint at what U.S. taxpayers really think IN THESE COMMENTS sir, and it's not giving our money away to illegal border jumpers, derrr
Heinrich if you are in the swamp your days are numbered!
What we really don't want you to sell out on is tax cuts for the rich.   With Byrd rule, democrats are only GOP hope for giving rich tax cut
You should ADOPT them with all that money you get from lobby!!
A law maker who supports the breaking of our laws. What is wrong with you @MartinHeinrich?
well no because you and these illegal dreamers have sucked the life out of hard working Ameircan Citizens and we are sick of u and ur waste
I will NEVER stop fighting for TOTAL DEPORTATION for All ILLEGALS DACA SCUM 1st
Im with you. Yes he is wrong
Dreamers my foot. How about the criminal Dreamers?  The ones that commit crimes of violence. Rape n murder?  Some should be named NIGHTMARES
Dreamers had two years to become legal. No initiative got them to this place.
can you quit being an activist for a minute and stand for those who came here LEGALLY?
@POTUS If it WAS so important, why didn't you and the rest of your cohorts LEGISLATE it?  That's what you are suppose to do, right?
Please don't stop fighting 4 healthcare! Vote NO to #GrahamCassidy!
Healthcare = life
Vote No to coverage denials & pre-existing conditions
2 START WITH, I'AM OK WITH DREAMERS IF THEY NOW BECOME LEAGAL--AFTER ALL THATS WHY WE HAVE LAWS & CONGRESS ,HRC & LAST PRES BROKE & WASTED $
Pay for it outta your pocket! Politicians are really good at spending other people's money! #EndDACA Stop hurting LEGAL Immigrants jobs!
Trump is Right. I wont stop fighting until everyone of these illegals are DEPORTED
Heinrich loves illegals because he loves cheap labor that undercuts American citizens and puts them out of work.
Most don't know: #Dreamers PARENTS-same level crime as speeding; Get NO Fed Benfits; #DACA kids brok NO laws & all contribute GREATLY #FACTS
#DefendDACA ??? Why don't you #DefendDACA by DOING YOUR JOB and pass a law?  Quit whining! DACA is "Deferred Action.." and illegal.
I'M SORRY but the LAW is the LAW and DACA is an illegal law passed by a retard.
BUT then u have all the dreamers and they all jumped the line. so I say they have to go back to their country and wait in line like the rest
The USA has a quota on how many people can enter the. If the number from each country is exceeded then the people have to wait.
Tell me about all the people that r waiting in line to get into the country
America needs John Gotti to straighten out America.
The Cow is right!
Heinrich are you going to pay for half of the wall or not, You have been procrastinating long enough, Go find the money to build the wall.
Time to wake up and quit wasting taxpayers' money
President Trump is right in making Congress do something about this. Obama was wrong. #KnowYourConstitution
What planet are you from!
Im with PRES Trump not you
What you need to do is focus on the people of N. M. The crime  is out of control.  Drug's are taking over our population
Retweeting does nothing? Will you unite with Dems & mayb some GOP 2 protect young immigrants who've been here long time, & want 2 serve USA?
I fundamentally disagree with you senator.
So you would fight for illegals then agree with the constitution
Hopefully you will pay for all there needs from your money not our tax money. Dreamers what a joke they still dream in Spanish not English
Ur just another politician that blames someone from the other party 4 ur failures.This is on the democrats No wonder NM is so screwed up.
U act all butt hurt but did nothing. Even obama said what he did was unconstitutional. Instead of passing laws that change immigration law
Why didn't the democrats pass immigration reform in 2009. U were there, democrats had a super majority. Why r u concerned now & not n 2009
I am with you, sir, 100%.  Our church in Santa Fe has helped 500+ Dreamers . The program is vital to our future.
Thank you so much! #Dreamers are some of the best, brightest, most motivated Americans. What they've survived to get this far is heroic.
But it was ok when Obama kicked the DACA can down the road saying that it was temporary and not amnesty.
When is he not wrong?
He's wrong on a lot of things
im with you
If I break the law I go to jail ! If you come here illegally you get a free ride if one law is okay to break does that mean the rest are too
You have never sped? That can be the same level of crime as what the PARENTS of #Dreamers did. The children broke NO laws. #FactsMatter
Why would we even consider sending bright young people away to a country they don't even know?
Answer: Because most of them are Brown.
American citizenship and if not then they're going back home in 2 years.
There should have been a stipulation in the DACA papers they signed that stated if they were to participate in this they should seek...
I'm sorry but you're wrong. The criminal element associated w/ DACA need to be removed from our country.
Everyone living and taking from this country WILL & MUST be Legally Documented By the USA @realDonaldTrump ,I have Muslim relatives they r

Of course that's how you get re elected !
Fine, we have your talk. Now what do you intend to DO?
Just remember how this #Marine was treated by the #MexicanGovt! It's your job to draft a law not the President's.....DO YOUR JOB!
Remember you are a loser, surrounded by losers
Very good news from you - thank you!
Get over it Marty,3 page memo challenged in Fed Court Oboma lost then Supreme Court ruled against the Constitutional scholar!! IDIOTS!!!
Trump walked into this Obama mess. If lazy politicians wld do their jobs on immigration reform then this wldn't be an issue. Get to work!
Of course your stand isn't politically motivated. Typical politician.
Yay! Martin!
Support DACA? Your Fired! @ABQJournal @roswelldaily @CrucesSunNews @RealDonad_Trump @FranCifelli @yodacowboy @seanhannity @TheFive
Quit calling him President. .. it makes me throw up in my mouth
how about our Native Americans
What exactly have you done about this issue in the past, and what do you intend to do now? Please be specific.
$113,000,000,000/yr for 780,000 Dreamers. What US Taxpayers get over $140,000 for violating the law? I smell Tar and Feathers. @ABQJournal
How can you be ashamed when you have no God in your life??
No, YOU are wrong. You have the audacity to advocate for lawlessness?You Dems think ur above the law. It's your undoing.
Obama knew he couldn't deliver this, congress said no to DACA, but he EO IT ANYHOW. #ThanksObama 
This has nothing to do with Dreamers.
Who gets your lists? I dont think Sen.Heinrich is active on twitter. It will be easy to track down&posting fraud. Whimpy where's popeye?
Potter kitty? Nice name for your bot $$
Senator is a traitor to the average citizen. A Traitor to The USA.  When is your sleazy butt slide out of office? snake
Heinrich? You do you think you are jerk? Don't disrespect our Chosen Pres. His is NOT corrupt.Strong Leader not follower. Brave Not a coward
Ironic all these cats yelling murica can barely write English. This one takes the cake.
He gave it to congress where it should be, how is that wrong, that is where laws are made
New Mexico is proud of you!  Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for being a voice of the people.   I respect and admire you sir @MartinHeinrich
Maybe you all can get to work?
How closely you follow Congress? There is a huge amount of work being done; watch C-Span for about a week and read #realnews Thanks, Martin!
Get to work! Stop blaming and resisting and just get to work! You have 6 mo, wasting time to blame serves no one!
And I thought breaking the law was wrong
Shutup
PLEASE run for President (or Governor)-- we will vote for you! We must survive as the light of the world!
Why would we want that? What has he done 4 NM. Our education system is n the bottom of the country. Crime is rampant, unemployment is high
Lying trumP is taking care of the DACA kids alright. He says he "loves" them. Yeah... loves to deport them. Sad!
He didn't say anything about deportations. They actually might come out of this better than the temp DACA.
Be proactive & start legislation NOW! DACA must be converted from an executive order to a bill. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers #DACA
Wrong for kicking it back to lazy congress, I think not Marty
Prove it: submit it as a new law today!

DACA fix is doable. Sen passed DREAM Act as part of S. 744. I'm on three bills we could consider today - DREAM Act, BRIDGE Act & SAFE Act
I believe you, Senator Heinrich! And your state won't stop fighting for you! Do everything you can to stop this, please!
He had the chance in 2009 when democrats had a super majority yet he & the democrats did nothing & now all u get is blame 4 republicans
Thank you!
President Obama was wrong. Laws should be passed by legislators, not the president. Do your job senator! Stop being a DNC #Puppet
Hero's who became citizens the right way... oh and it wasn't automatic.  They had to fill out the forms, mail them in and do an interview..
Don't forget about the AMERICAN CITIZEN DREAMERS! What about us?
Protect Americans! Loser
We Democrats need your leadership and voice. You need an Exploratory Committee.
DACA via executive fiat was unconstitutional. Obama knew it, admitted so, did it anyway. Quit blaming Trump and get to work to fix it.
Traitor. America first.
GREAT, get Immigration reform though the proper channels. Make a REAL stand and sign the document.
Thank you Senator! #DefendDACA
Daca is an illegal process forced on America by "The Mascot for Black People" Obama.
Do you even realize how racist this comment is? And regardless, do you care?
The only thought i get from reading ur crybaby bullshit is........
I hope they hide when the troops come looking for them.  It will cost millions and if they hide he will have wasted it!!
Just pass bridge act. This is Congressional..buck stops with you.
President Trump did not even had the courage,the guts to announce DACA'S rescission himself!Maybe He wants to fire Sessions after all!Shame!
Please act to remove Trump!
They are the embodiment of the modern American dream!
Please work with your fellow senators to come up with a clean bill to secure these young people's futures in this country!
no, President Trump is not wrong, President Obama was wrong, President Trump is right to #EndDACA #EndDACAnow
Wholeheartedly! #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
So Trump telling u to do ur job is "wrong" ?  We need deal. & New Mexico needs border wall barriers, for #DACA kids
Congress, get ready to do your job - DACA!
Would never be with you while you make/let your Veterans sleep and die on New Mexico streets
No one wants illegals here in the U.S., except for the Democrats & illegals themselves
especially for  those in desperate need in Texas, and wherever Hurricane Irma touches down.
, "Baby, you'll get more with honey than vinegar. " I am sure congress can see the "opportunity " to make some money of this,  especially
being first step and temporary residency as the opposite of the spectrum. My mother always told me, "Baby,
a path that makes each dreamer pay a fine of 1000 to start the path to citizenship. Not exactly a direct path but maybe residency at best
Here's a thought, maybe to sway those likely to be better swayed by the honey of the American dollar bill. Maybe, someone ought to propose
Millions of Americans stand w/you, Senator. #DefendDACA is the moral high road. All who bother to read up on it knows it = Economic Disaster
Should be blamed on Obama who NEVER would work with Congress.
USA first please
Well said.
Obama was wrong for making laws instead of congress. The democrats will never admit their failure instead they blame POTUS
NO you're wrong ! DACA is UNCONSTITUTIONAL, and you should know this. It goes against our Laws and the Constitution.
Constitutionally, legally he was correct. That only measuring stick.  You have 6 months to do it right. Stop playing partisan politics
Let me guess, you are a Democrat! Learn our Constitution! DACA was an Illegal over reach from Obama! Do your JOB!!
Well,Monica,you do realize that Trump used the same method to implement his agenda?All of it by EO. However, you need a Constitution lesson.
I am not with you
You r a dreamer and will soon face a http://nitemare.mil .of kids in US do without while u offer bil. To ill.aliens.u decieve yourself!
Do your job mr senator. You are the one doing a disservice to the country and the DACA people. It's not like you didn't have 8yrs of Obama
The democrats tried.  The GOP repeatedly killed their efforts.
Thank you. I'm proud to have you as my Senator!
Why? 
He is giving it back to YOU!
Now, get busy & stop pandering on @Twitter #MAGA 🖒🖒🖒
What are you going to do about that racist in the WHITE HOUSE and AT
Obama's GONE.
How about giving us immigration reform instead of blaming Trump for putting a stop to lawlessness?
We need to save these dreamers.  Trump and Pence are cruel despicable and we need to get RID of them what is Congress/house doing about that
I would never support you or anyone else on this. You have homeless vets in your State that you are ignoring.
So why didn't Dems try to help them in 2009-2010 when your party had  the  WH, The House and a filibuster proof majority in the Senate?
Thank you, the democrats just kicked the can down the road in order to use DACA as a political tool. They're more worried about reelection
Its ok

We vote soon and you will be gone soon

Vote your criminals home

.
We know you put criminals and illegals ahead of citizens we get it! #EndDACA
So much for that compassionate conservatism W used to spout. It's non-existent.  May all these commenters grow and pick their own food.
No not with you, do it the right way.
How are you going to "protect" them? Their lives of fear are now full on, and the insidious right wing revels in stupid. How are you...
Obama EO for DACA is bad, but Trump EO for Muslims Ban is good. 
#DeplorablesSuck  
#SaveDACA
We must keep in mind #trumpsters, as most 'Publicans, have mastered #hypocrisy, double-standards, ironic Christianity & degrees of racism
I am with you.
Do your jobs and pass legislation. 
Obama called DACA "a temporary stop-gap measure." 
Study the Constitution before the next election.
Study this before voting in the next election. https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_amendments_to_the_United_States_Constitution …    A country evolves over time.
How about protecting legal families and even those who follow laws and regulations and find "honesty" to be a pillar of success?
Fight through legislation. Give full citizenship to all who serve in the armed forces.
More overreach from Dems! Stop messing with these people, it's immoral. It's unconstitutional and must be done right! Get it!!!
Oooh scary..who is we??
I'm a New Mexican & you are a bot...how'm I doing?
And, you are blocked!
How about supporting THE LAW
Then do your job and do legislation instead of encouraging the president to break the law. You knew this was as coming - he campaigned on!
Then get the law changed. Obama was wrong to circumvent congress and Constitution.
IMPEACH this POTUS.
POTUS has to break the law to be impeached. That being said the previous president should have been impeached dozens of times
@SenateDems you cant even win an election go away
Funny, he's won all of his.
Hatred=ugly!
Yes. Trump is wrong. He is wrong about #DACA and everything else he stands for.
Support you 100% on this. We must keep fighting for DREAMers and the American Dream.
So let's open up every border, let every being in. Felons, traitors, drug pushers, the future homeless. They need a green card and welfare!
