Our thoughts will be with Congressman Scalise, the Capitol Police and everyone grappling with this appalling attack.
Thank you to my friend @JeffFlake, Capitol Police, first responders and everyone who helped on the scene.
Awful news. But Comprehensive gun control is absolutely necessary. Tragically and ironically Rep Scalese has A+ rating from NRA.
Perhaps he should be more careful next time he tweets about right to bare arms and NOT encourage citizens to shoot people in government.
If the shots aimed at one of your GOP colleagues were from a large AR15 clip, will you finally agree that clip size must be limited??
A clip? You are too cute it's a magazine.  And what be a large magazine capacity?
I've been corrected over this incorrect terminology. What size do you think is big enough or too big?
I asked you.
But you're the expert. What is the minimum size magazine that would satisfy your need?
That's just it.  You NEVER know what you may need.
... or anyone.
Mr. Heinrich talk show (Hannity)  is saying dangerous words like Civil war. He is  twerp saying civil war. give him advice to stop it.
If folks on both sides do not tone down their rhetoric we may very well see a civil war.
If only your colleagues would pass laws that keep guns out of the hands of unhinged individuals...
Here we go again gun control. All my guns are controlled none of them haven't jumped up and shot me yet.
From a Bleeding heart progressive liberal.
Yes, but more shocking than on students and teachers or movie patrons? ALL lives are at risk from these continued shootings
Wish I was shocked but I'm not. So many lives getting flipped upside down and it seems like no one is listening to us little people. 
let's talk some sense about guns
@realDonaldTrump Two Kennedy's, Reagan, Martin Luther King, Gabby Giffords. This is nothing new.  We all need to be nicer, including POTUS.
What have our nation's leaders done to regulate firearms, Senator? 30 thousand die annually due to guns and Congress does nothing.
I am sorry but I think this only the beginning of this type of violence brought on by deep rooted frustration & mistrust in Government.
Couldn't agree more Senator.. Seems the negativity of trumps leadership have ramifications unseen for decades.We New Mexicans r behind you!
I'm shocked that you're shocked. These shootings happen daily- the @GOP relax more gun regulations, including letting mentally ill buy guns.
I know, but I'm still shocked that he's shocked. People are ANGRY & MANY OWN GUNS. Gabby Gifford was shot years ago. Shocked is not possible
What's shocking is that this hasn't happened before. Why aren't they all shocked by the EVERYDAY DESTRUCTION that guns are causing?
Sessions testimony under oath was a joke.  So I'd get prepared. trump in power for 5 months & so much not accomplished but many trips.
That's how crazy everything is now. We all believe it's because of 45 and we are paralyzed to do something. Any suggestions will help
Prayers for everyone's healing who was hurt this morning shooting.. really sad.
Mr Heinrich, you guys are not our leaders, you are our representatives
We need to fix our gun problem! Maybe if we did that, then our "nation's leaders" would actually start "leading our nation." Until then...
That's why we need laws that do not allow the mentally ill to buy guns
"leaders"
But not shocking and troubling enough for you to stop spewing the ignorant, duplicitous, inflammatory rhetoric that spurs these nutcases on.
We need better gun controls.
Firearms should never be turned on any person.
You'd think school children would be like a trillion times worse.
Really, you are shocked? You know that 45 drives hate & division daily? Why didn't you see this coming? Am is frustrated. @realDonaldTrump
@logorrhean yes, it's sick. 1000s of Americans die fm gun violence every yr. #SandyHook didn't inspire change.  Will this?
Well said
Hey @GOP how you liking the @NRA now? So so sad. Greed kills!
Payers for their healing. Courage and strength for their families .
Just waiting for the day that our national leaders turn their guns on us..Oh wait..they are..it's called TRUMPCARE..
Replace our government
Lincoln, JFK, RFK, MLK, Reagan, Giffords...I'm not shocked any more.
World is made up with all kinds of different people with various views, background, environment, morals & mental stability. Takes 1crazy!
If you are truly shocked and troubled, then you haven't been paying attention and don't deserve to be a lawmaker.
Alarming 2 see that leaders&commoners alike aren't safe anymore!But it's in moments like these that we also see man's solidarity&team morale
Don't get your statement. It's sick that anyone gets shot.
Troubling yes, shocking no. You can only mistreat people so long before they start fighting back. Congress needs to work for the people!
Stay safe @MartinHeinrich.
This violence will get worse as we descend into fascism.

You were brilliant at the #SessionsHearing yesterday.
Perhaps this is an opening to discuss gun laws
Truly sick that someone would turn a firearm on a human.
I don't necessarily "like" R's at the moment, but I damn sure DONT think we should shoot them. #MLKWouldBeSick #COWARDLYACT #CommonGoals
Agreed. However, with the way things are going re government & politics I fear it's a harbinger of things to come.
Was this shooter unhappy with leadership?or was it a NEWS diversion from more sinister events near the WH. Being shot in USA is a routine
One year after the #PulseNightclub attack, government "leaders" can't protect themselves. @HouseGOP are focused on #RoseGarden ceremonies.
It's also sick when people turn firearms on law-abiding citizens.
Or, on anyone.
as opposed to your nation's children? or non-leaders? cos that happens daily
Truly sickening that someone would turn a firearm on any other human being.
Well, that, or on anyone, really...
Sniper attack! Congressman say it would've been a serious massacre if capital police didn't shoot back @cnnbrk #AlexandriaShooting
Do you think it's time to talk about open carry especially of rifles and in Virginia?
A local resident could smell gunpowder from his apartment window
The dog park people had to lay on the ground and save their pets
The 10-year-old son of another congressman was saved
Congress just took $ from the Gun Lobby and removed mental health  requirements and gun safety laws.  Perhaps they should reconsider.
Thank you Senator for this show of bipartisan solidarity. America needs more of that and less of the blame game when tragedy strikes.
I find it sad that now the left is shocked but you didnt see the shocking actions before it took this to shock you and that sir is a problem
Really congressman with all that and more do you find it shocking because with what ur side is doing & saying & how they are acting I don't
Oh yeah, SHOCKING! 
And in the name of comedy @POTUS beheading and multiple Democrats lying about Russia calling for a bogus impeachment & special investigator
This is what the Democrats wanted this is the hate they have encouraged. Do you really find it shocking as plays show @POTUS assassination..
Or on anyone.

If only something could've been done to prevent this tragedy.
Agreed. I hate this so much.
It's sick when firearms are turned on citizens, every single day, due to lack of gun control laws.
If you think taking away gun rights will keep gun violence from affecting citizens you're misguided. It's the criminals, not the guns!
you all have body guards etc. think of normal Americans who are just going about their daily lives & are shot by crazy white supremacists
This attack goes against everything we as a country stand for. My thoughts are w/ all victims & families. Prayers for speedy recoveries 
it is shocking. it is troubling. what are the 2nd amendment rights folks saying? when is it enf? when will we be ready for SANE GUN CONTROL?
Thats why we need gun management which repubs deny. Shot a lib no one cared maybe since shit a repub something might change. Hush
Americans have to learn guns do NOT solve problems! Our gun culture suggests that a gun is more effective than words. Prayers for Scalise.
Agreed on all counts. That is also exactly how the people feel about what representatives are doing to them every single day. Enough!
How about closing the loopholes in gun registrations? That might help.
What loophole is that?
See what all your hate talking is causing....it's on you!
What the hell are you talking about?
Truly sick that 20 six year olds were slaughtered in a classroom in Connecticut. This is just another day in America.
I'm sure the #GOP will call for stronger gun laws and give back all the #NRA money they've received.  I'm relieved nobody was killed
Are turn a firearm in the name of Islam?
It's not the firearm,  it's the person.
Yes, it is awful. And, it does point to the frustration of constituents... I mean, where is the statesmanship from the GOP?
Have to wonder was the gunman sick and if so how did he get a gun?
Oh I know!!
Prayers for those wounded- but I would add that it's sick that someone would turn a firearm on any person to inflict harm or kill.
This is unreal. What is my country coming to?
