bravo!
please boycott the inauguration, senator. #nevertrump #resisttrump
God bless you. These are scary times.
why would you vote for big pharma and against low income constituents? Very disappointed, please explain
<< Yet another "representative" that has been bought by talking $$$.
Why silent on John Lewis? Show some courage for a change, and boycott the inauguration.  Announce your boycott publicly!
He's a corporate democrat, only in it for the bribes. Voted against Sen. Sanders Canada drug import bill.
Why did you vote AGAINST cheaper meds and FOR Big Phrma last night? Please explain.
Primarily because our government is in the pocket of big RX.
THANK YOU!!
Thank you!  Now, please condisder boycotting the inauguration.  Nothing is "normal" about a Trump admin.  #NotMyPresident
Update that resume @MartinHeinrich because NM's will not forget how you turned your back on our families.
I will remember this next year when you are up for re-election.
@Team_LIBer8 @MartinHeinrich Pass the word until it's branded, etched on the minds of his constituents unable to be forgotten
@womensmarch Thank you! #stopsessions #StopDeVos
Thank you for making this wise decision Senator @MartinHeinrich .
thank you!
try voting against big pharm! U will b lucky to get my vote again! Just like the rest. It's all about the Benjamins!
@NMDEMS I am one of your constituents, and I thank you!!
thank you.  As a New Mexican your courage makes me proud
Thank you!
Ooo, two issues you side with @CoryBooker on. You maybe right about this one, but don't you care think so of the other.
thank you for your stance on the Sessions nomination.
Shame on you.  Sessions has more integrity in little finger than all of Congress combined! Does that scare you?
How's the spending of that big pharma $$ benefitting YOUR life???
Thank you for voting against Sessions.
Jeff Sessions is distinguished Senator with high qualifications. Better than yours. Change that vote.
Unbelieveable! How long are you going to play games with Americans? If you cannot accept the President, step down.
You, sir, are bought and paid for with money from #BigPharma  Shame!
I read Sen. Booker's excuse for voting against cheaper drugs. What's yours? 2 Senators I really respected. #Disappointed
@instinctnaturel Thank you!
Thank you!
That should be a given for a Dem, along w/voting for affordable meds! You failed your constituents
Does anyone not see how these are related? Keep this up #Dems in Congress & you'll soon be defunct with or without #RussiaHacking #Pharma13 
Thank you!
Thank you, sir, for standing up for all Americans.
Thank you!
# could you please tell us how can get, DJT to release his taxes
We live near your house in Ridgecrest.  My wife is on disability and takes many prescribed drugs. is the 176k worth it?
you are bought and paid for by big Pharma. you lost your base for pennies.
Have you come up with your explanation yet of why you voted against allowing people more access to needed medication?
the explanation is that he likes pocket change more than his base these days. typical paid off politician
Sadly, there is no doubt about it. He was willing to trade people's lives for money from Big Pharma.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you @MartinHeinrich. We agree with you decision to vote against JB Sessions 100%. Perilous times ahead for the USA.
Yeah but you voted against affordable medicine
I back ur vote against Sessions but I will vote against U due 2 ur vote against lower drug prices!U represent!U DO NOT lead!
yea! Thanks for voting against the American people, and with republicans!  https://youtu.be/BEAB9aXXcwU 
Really?!? Because u voted with Jeff Sessions and Republicans against cheaper drugs for Americans.
good, but extremely bad vote yesterday against affordable medicine. You failed New Mexico badly and sold out to big pharma
#NOtoSessions !
Vote against anything Republican.
THANK YOU!
Annnnnnd we will against you.
Thank you for voting to protect all citizens rights
THANK YOU SEN .
you are dreamy!
Disappointed in U! Just a political hack!
Thank you!
THANK YOU! 
you go Martin!
we know..you will vote straight party for the next 4 to 8 years, if you can keep your seat.
Good. If his racist remarks weren't good enough for an 80's federal judgeship, they shouldn't be good for Attorney Gen. now.
Good
I'm from CA but thank you for your vote against Sessions. Hope you can convince some Republicans to vote against him.
Thank you. Please urge your colleagues to do the same. I do not believe that Sessions would protect all Americans' rights.
Do you stab every senator in the back?  what an awful place.
thank you!
Thank you, sir! I am so proud to have you as my Senator!
why did you vote against cheaper medicine for Americans?
you need to support #Sessions. He is more than qualified for the job.
HOW will you vote for Investment Tax Credits for #Geothermal and #Hydrogen #FuelCells ?? #AmericanJobs
thank you.
thank you!!!
thank you for holding true to the values that New Mexican's elected you to represent.
Good to hear. I am sure the citizens of #NewMexico agree with you and dont want #JeffSessions as #AttorneyGeneral
Did the drug companies pay you to do that too? Just horsing around.
Thank you, senator
Thank you for voting to protect and defend the rights of ALL Americans. Proud to be from New Mexico!
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, Senator. Keep up the fight, and we'll fight for you.
thanks
Why am I not surprised.
Thank you sir
