Huge thanks on this one. Still mad about Palin, which ushered in our current so-called potus.
THANK YOU, SENATOR McCAIN, who has been a hero to American people again and again and again.
Thank you Sen. John MC Cain for standing ground. Helping the America people.
Thank you Senator McCain. You actually read the bill.
Thank you!  That choice  shows you have decency, integrity & courage to stand up for all Americans!  Thank you for your service.
Thank you so much, Senator McCain.
John McCain. The architect of permanent Obamacare!
Thank you Senator McCain - now let's get to work on a proper solution!
OMG, from the bottom of my heart...THANK YOU!!!!
Thank u from bottom of @SenJohnMcCain #ACA has kept my human brother alive,thanks to pre-existing conditions mandate (he has disabilities)
You are an embarrassment
Thank you ...Again! I don’t always agree with you but I respect you a tremendous amount
Thank you! This Democrat kisses your cheek.
This Democrat give you a huge (((HUG))), and continues to hope for good health for you.
He has a glioblastoma. No good health, you can wish him more time. Probably won't finish his term.
Dems'll  get more seats in Nov & every election after for some time, since the @GOP committed suicide. Trump won't finish his term either.
The more likely senerio will be R's will gain more seats to get the 61 majority. And Trump will go in Jan. 2025
Really disappointed in your vote not to replace Obamacare
The only way democrats will let Obamacare die is single payer
So very disappointed in @SenJohnMcCain! This bill would overturn OBAMACARE which was FAR FROM BIPARTISAN, and horrible for our country!
Thank you. I know this was a difficult decision for you, but it's the right one. I hope others will be inspired by ur courageous conviction.
Thank you, sir.
Senator, sometimes I like you.
Senator you are still my hero but I believe Graham Cassidy is at least the start. Without a starting point we are floundering around again for years.
You are a wonderful man! Thank you!
Thank you Senator McCain on behalf of the millions who would have lost healthcare otherwise!
Thasnk you
So based upon your statement all democrats have to do is disagree with any attempt to repeal. Therefore no bipartisan consensus.
You are an American hero.
You're a traitor Songbird. There's a spot in hell waiting for you.
Thank you.
Thank you for following your conscience.
#Statesman, @SenJohnMcCain, thank you for your caring and principled stand on the healthcare issue. We need more statesmen like you.
This should not be about bipartisan crap. It's about the American voters that u don't seem to give a damn about. Do the right thing 4 voters
Thank you!!!!!
Disgraceful but he already has his doctors
Thank you for listening to and caring for the American people. It's what all of Congress should be doing.
Thank you Sir for being a voice of reason w/in the GOP.  If only more of them had yr honor and character, GOP cld b a party of reason again
Thank you!
Thank you sincerely Mr Mc Cain,
Thank you again!
Thank you Senator McCain!
As always a true America Hero.
You write a bill then. Do you have Obamacare!? It has ruined medical coverage unless your a welfare receipient.  They get it all for free!
Fight on, good sir! You are a warrior in the battle for sanity. (I am also in a boot and hate it).
You have FAILED Arizonans again!Why DO you HATE US so much! Arizona needed this money for BETTER healthcare! @dougducey  @LindseyGrahamSC
Maybe now your state will improve coverage instead of playing games with lives. This bill was a killer.
Ok rocket scientist even with Cali getting a huge portion of ocare many in middle America have no insurance ! Stop with your bs
Why is it always the self-proclaimed christians that lie with such practiced ease?  If California implemented the ACL property so that... /1
Hey I just saw three middle class patients today who have no insurance! We c illegals everyday w coverageThat's real not fake news . U lie
What state?  And you're lying - anyone here illegally is not eligible for insurance under the ACA.
As soon as an illegal pregnant women gets diagnosed in a Cali hospital she receives medical FACT then her baby gets benefits Anchor baby 
So much for pro-life, eh?  IT'S A BABY.  STOP HATING SO MUCH.
He speaks about good conscience yet he stiff the middle class as he gives money to the RICH 1% - 1 TRILLION+ debt
Again, thank you Senator.
So what? This crook like Trump want $$$ he votes no on healthcare YES on TAXES, people still won't have $$ health care
You have a conscience?  Then stop taking out your personal beef with @POTUS on ALL AMERICANS.
#RepealObamaCare
Where is Sen McCain's repeal Obamacare bill? He campaigned on repeal. Stop complaining & come up w/a plan, its YOUR job! #MAGA
Here’s a plan; let People fund & choose their own candidates, do no more $hunting. Buckminster Fuller: a new model makes (E) model obsolete.
Kaity is dying, I don't have $ to give her my Kidney!Glad you can afford insurance, most of us can't https://www.gofundme.com/3no5a8g  Americans Dying
You should be on The Unaffordable Care Act just like the rest of us #DrainTheSwamp  #votehimout 
Aye! So the adage is true then? Misery loves company?
Also. We share something with the wealthy. "Entitlement." Yes I am broad-brushing.
Correction. There is some study on how  self-entitlement can be established. I say it's passed on by certain parents.
You're a gentleman Sir. Once again you do your country proud.
John did u feel the same way when the Democrats forced O Bama care down our throats?
Thank you for not supporting that horrendous bill. Please convince your fellow GOP members to vote NO as well!!!
A hero for the people once again.  Thank you, Senator McCain.
Ol johnny didnt vote cuz hes anti yrump. Hea bought to get busted with crooked hillary too
Thank you Senator McCain for standing in your integrity!  Let this be part of your legacy.
ALL. REPUBLICANS NEED TO BE IN A MENTAL HOSPITAL FOR LIFE TOTAL FREE OF CHARGES
Don. Jphn    en mi  chile. Hay mucha  corrupción.  De. Que manera  ayudar.
RINO
Good conscience? You?
Senator McCain thank you for your service but it's time to resign and give someone else a chance. I am disappointed no Graham-CS +vote

FU SKUMBAG LIAR!!!!!
Thank you! You are correct, bipartisanship is the only way to go. 
thank you so much McCain!God bless you!
Thank you for making reparations for past deeds sir @SenJohnMcCain
This bill was passed without a single Republican vote because it was wrong. A bipartisan approach will make it worse.
You need to go! You have lied to your Arizona voters! You are the bottom feeder of the swamp!
I wasn't aware the you had a "good conscience"! Truth is you are a self serving political hack.
Seven years and you hold grudge against @POTUS
Thk u Sen McCain! Ur rejection of partisan politics on this important HC issue speaks volumes abt u during such ugly partisan times.#patriot
U can't be bipartisan with #CulturalMarxists.

Such a cheap cop out
Impossible!

Rotten traitorous souls have no conscience.

Pls take 20 cc of succinylcholine to help you think clearly.
God bless you Sen. McCain. You are a true American hero who has done so much to serve the American people.
You sir are a traitor to your voters.  You ran on Repeal / Replace but have done nothing toward that end.
I just wanted 2 say t y again! Please encourage others in your party why this bill is horrible!
Like the bipartisan way it was passed?  What he he’ll do you stand for. Sometime you just go with the best option, such as I did 2008.
#McPain
Bless you Senator McCain for taking the first step in wanting to include, instead of exclude what the other party might bring to the table.
McCain's psychosis is obvious. He needs to be involuntarily committed immediately. He is a danger to himself & America!
Thank you  from someone with Cystic Fibrosis.
Just like the good old days when you turned on your fellow servicemen at the Hanoi Hilton
You've had almost 8 years to figure this out! Get over yourself!!
I had respect for you. Now you are a Manchurian Candidate who is helping Dems with a Socialist Agenda. Traitor! Vote to Repeal Obamacare.
I've seen the ravages of brain cancer first hand...and I see ur future. U deserve everything that is coming to you! Others out there don't!!
You have signed so many death warrants...great job, pal. NOT!!! Selfish is what u are!!!!
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain, for undoubtedly helping save countless lives by allowing so many Americans to retain their healthcare coverage.
Thank you!!!!!
...thank you, Senator McCain.
graham bill is the best healthcare legislation in the past 30 years... read it!
I think all Congress and senators should have the same healthcare..OBAMACARE.& that includes you.. big jerk!
Senator McCain Are YOU leading a bipartisan approach to healthcare or just saying NO to everything? I see NOTHING happening? WHY? You Know!
You
Thank you Senator.
Good for McCain !
People with preexisting conditions can't get kicked to the curb help us Senator!
Thank you for your leadership, Senator McCain.
1st personal vendetta with our President, second his interests, 3rd. Americas interests.

Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year, with deductibles very high. Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods. Sad
And the US ontinues on the road to bankruptcy .. . .
If you don't agree with the current Repeal and Replace proposal, please put forth your idea. The American people need this issue resolved.
There are bipartisan committees doing that. McConnell halted them so he could play this silly game. Let legislation go thru normal process!
Thanks it's the right thing to do
U r what is wrong w/Wash. 7 yrs to have a plan & now all u can do is block an improvement & provide no solution of ur own. #ProtectTheSwamp
https://youtu.be/zO0mHEJyC3Y 
Because Obama Care was passed with bipartisan support, right?
Good conscience my .Blank.
You are hurting us.
Your are not hurting Trump as you plan. 
My insurance is soon high and cover nothing.
OBAMA CARE IS KILLING PEOPLE, MEDICARE CUTS, DEATH PANELS, HIGH COST, NO DOCS TAKE IT,  NO SOCIALISM!
Bipartisan will NEVER happen. Please change your mind
Thank you!
You're holding Americans prisoner of this health care system.  I guess we're all POO now. Prisoners of Obamacare. Thanks John 
Then retire !
What a real Republican looks like
You need to retire John! What happened to repeal and replace??? Can't hide those true colors forever! Entitled establishment fool!
So, by your logic, even if the bill is utter crap, we should pass it just to repeal the black president's healthcare.  Interesting.
Thank you for choosing to Save Lives. Yes, a bi-partisan fix to the ACA.
You campaigned and were elected on Obamacare repeal. You betrayed your constituents and those of us who financed you.
@SenJohnMcCain Thank you for voting for the people and not being bullied by the party. Prays to you and your family.
I appreciate your service to our country. Yet I'm very disappointed you refuse to repeal Obamacare. Republicans promised repeal. #Republican

Mr. McCain I sincerely pray that the Senate Vote to have you return home to Arizona. You LIED to America for 7 yrs. RESIGN!!!
Thank you@SenJohnMcCain for falling on your sword pushing for bipartisanship and for the full CBO report on this critical bill. Man of Honor
Thank you John McCain!
IF MY PEOPLE HUMBLE THEMSELVES, PRAY, SEEK MY FACE, TURN FROM THEIR WICKED WAYS, I WILL HEAR FROM HEAVEN, FORGIVE THEIR SINS. 2 CHRON. 7:14
You are a true patriot John McCain. I appreciate your strength and character to do the right thing rather than to concede to politics.
thank you.  why don't your colleagues in the GOP care to admit that's how it's supposed to work?
Remember states like Mississippi and SC denied or limited the health insurance for their poor or low income citizens. ObamaCare stop that
As angry as some of your decisions have made me. I have major respect for you putting people before party and politics. Thank you.
So why haven't you made it happen? You've been there long enough. All talk no action McCain!
Thank you Senator McCain. You are a true American, we wish you a strong recovery
Respect.
Thank you for everything you do for our country.
What is the answer, Mr. MCCain. Will it ever get done?  How, sir?  Serious question.
HERO! Over and over again, this nation is indebted to you.
You sir are bought and In the pocket of someone who paid for you in full. You have no honor! #deadlegend #sellout
Thank you!!!!
You hate Trump too much to help American people.
Stay strong & do not waiver - many lives are counting on your stance against the horrible repeal/replace.

Thank you Senator McCain.  A true call for bipartisan Cong efforts is long overdue.  & I now forgive you for foisting Sarah Palin on us.
We all know ur a #TurnCoat! We know ur deliberately helping #RegressiveLiberals! @POTUS = Winning. Ur voters & history will remember #MAGA
@johnmccain You proved once again ur a #SnakeInTheGrass  #MAGA
Don. John.  Mccain.  En. Chile  no  hay libertad   las. Redes.  Sociales  contro
John, YOU'RE NOT ON OBAMACARE. How awfully convenient for you to push this sh*t down our throats while YOU are exempt.
Democrats show you how to make money from Obamacare didn't they? There is no way you're s was hero
McCain is an American hero. Democrats/media loved him when he bucked the GOP, then turned on him when he ran for prez, now love him again???
So you campaign on repeal, but at every turn vote against repeal. You are damn dirty Socialist & an enemy of America.
Somehow, I believe your motives are to spite Trump or you're getting something monetary from Obamacare.
He let Veterans down for the past 10 years by opposing improvements to the V.A. Now, he opposes reforming National HealthCare. Selfish S.O.B
Thank you Senator!!!
Stand America strong fight for us NO on this health bill. Thank you!!!
You sir... are a traitor!!!
And why would librrals do that. Bet it doesn't happen. Pipe dream.  You betray my grandchildren.  Shame on you. I truly pray you live long.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain for doing the right thing
So funny that you have a conscience. Don't be what we all know, you just HATE all that Trump is trying to do, admit it,  ENVY
You said your acting in belief "of what is best for the country." Is regular order and Obamacare what is best. Do something now & more later
Thank you Senator McCain.  Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Just... thank you.
Thank you
Thank you
It's pretty clear when you are 1 out of 50. Hims is still upset about Trump's comments during presidential race. Get with the program
Love you John McCain- thank you for doing the right thing and following your conscience for the greater good. 
From a fellow conservative
How Pathetic thought you were a team player.  You also ditched your Arizona Constituents.  I think your brain surgery impacted you!!
But you can in good conscience go back on your word? Please retire, we need better.
It deserves to be repealed, just like you ran on. Why don't you just change party affiliation? #johnsaRino
Johnny,  your hate and jealousy for trump is overwhelming you. Your looking like a Democrat gone wild.
Thank you Senator McCain for your courage in this issue and so many others - and for your service to our country
Thank you!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you!
