Again..@CNN looking for something that isn't there like a frothing spitting rabid dog
How would we know. They ALL refused to answer simple questions and played games about "respecting the Special Investigator". What a joke.
That's what the special investigation is for! Why talk about it for a staged shit show and continue to get beat up by Dems with an agenda.
As Americans we deserve to hear the truth!
As Americans you should believe in innocent until proven guilty for all
Who said anything about determination of guilt so far? This is an INVESTIGATION. The process to determine guilt or innocence.
They did not say that. They wouldn't answer as to whether or not they even had conversation with people. Totally uncooperative
All assumption and no truth. What will the left do on Friday when nothing is there.... patsies
Everyone is judiciously deferring to Mueller's investigation. Unsatisfying politically but makes legal sense. Expect more tmrw.
Total obstruction & contempt! 
Yea, pretty much, but contempt & obstruction not applicable in this setting and they know it. Investigation is massive & important. #Prudent
When people talk about The Swamp. This is the kind of legalistic BS they are referring to. It's a sad game.
Heinrich is grandstanding, playing to his constituents..he doesn't give 2 shots about any truths or legality
Drinking water signs he lying.
You mean like Comey did during hearings. Was Comey lying? Based on your assumptions Comey also lied. Or is the double standard allowed?.
Watching House of Cards .
Heinrich admits his leftside aisle colleagues are a bunch of FILLIBUSTER WIND BAGS, THE BEST!
What are the Dems plan for healthcare? Another state is going to be without a carrier. What's their plan for jobs?
didn't you hear?it's all trumps fault, hes fuckin everything up mfmaga
I hear lots of crickets.. They don't have policy, but they do have Russia Russia Russia..lol. They have no clue how to fix ACA.
No, your just an a$$!
Can we say..DODGING BULLETS ?
TJE DEMS WOULD HAVE BROUGHT BAGS OF MONEY,,,,,,,,,
What is the purpose of all this if he doesnt have to answer questions?
Seriously Americans deserve the truth. What is this?
Mr. Heinrich, why are you so rude?
He is not rude. He is doing his job and not being political....hmmm
.     .   
Some of these senators were so rude. Should know better than us that these intelligence officers can't comment in public on investigations.
Notice the GOP subject of ?'s about 702 info with straight answers from these Intel chiefs. But none about Pres. Adm about Russia
Your proud of that???? It makes you feel good to be disrespectful????? Something is wrong with you
amen , tell what u know !
Nothing, COMEDY NEWS NETWORK spun the hype and propaganda for days............... nothing.
Saying that this is a circus is an under statement.
#wtf #DonaldTrump #yourefired #toxictrump #cleanhouse #wow #endoftheworld
Priceless!
@MartinHeinrich so clear and to the point -- thank you so much.
Yea & the Sen got his A$$ called out,4 not letting the AG finish his statement.He keep interrupting him 

Senator made an A$$ out Of HisSelf
AS IT SHOULD BE!!!!
#FakenewsCNN
Dems see all their dumb conspiracy and obstruction theories collapsing.  Couldn't happen to a more deserving bunch of clowns!
None of these f*cktards have the balls to stand up to the IOTUS!
Funny that when Comey was last asked for a yes or no answer, he did the samething, yet Democrats love him now...hypocrites. Fake News CNN.
Democrats are the best filibusters, specially when their only answer is "I plead the 5th"....
Hahaha, this is turning out great.
Is this the #NoComment #Administration or what? Just answer the questions.
Senator is rude and on a witch hunt! Get over yourself Senator!
Dems just mad that there is NO SMOKING GUN.
"I don't remember. Oh, I mean I can't answer that question. Yeah, that's it!"  @FullFrontalSamB @POTUS #SenateHearings #SenateIntelHearing
DNI Coats: "I have never felt pressure" by Pres. Trump or administration to "interfere in any way" regarding any ongoing investigation.
Hey Democrats, your obstruction narrative just crumbled.
That was a good one!
Even better Kamila Harass (Harris), the Admiral asks if he can answer her question and she says NO!  The Dems inner whiny children came out

He is lying!  He is covering up!  Impeach them all!
By not answering the questions they actually answered them .They made themselves look like idiots Dr Bob
When I evaluated a child and asked did he touch u and the child doesn't answer that actually is a answer .Same thing those idiots did
Crying ASSHATS.. LOSING BIG TIME
The Democrats look like fools so do CNN Washington Post and New York Times. There is nothing to Russia story get over it.
It is a game
History is currently recording the demise of America. Koch brothers took our air, Trump destroyed all trust in Govt, GOP 1% given everything
Si Barthélémy pouvait aussi s'asseoir comme ça un jour on lui donne les sueurs froides
shady folks. Every last one of them have the obligation to answer to the people of the United States.
We need you to ANSWER THE DAMN QUESTION!!!!
How long did he have that comment in his back pocket? #smh
More empty talk of Russia conspiracy theory. I wish they would investigate the DNC who we know from real evidence is corrupt and colluded.
CNN is a lot worse than I originally thought. Today's hearings did not go its way. Almost no tweets on the hearings. Shocking!
Y'all mad boy you libtards are super mad
These are the agencies protecting us? Bullshit.. They're protecting trump and Putin.
SEE CNN!OUR PRES.DIDNT OBSTRUCT JUSTICE LIKE U&THE OTHER LYING LIBERAL MEDIA SAID.SHAME ON ALL OF U!U JUST LIE 2 THE AMERICANS.U R TRAITORS
So why are we here when no one is answering the questions?
CNN is a fraud media outlet 
Dems "Comey shouldn't have commented on an open investigation"
Also Dems "I don't understand why you won't talk about an open investigation"
Isn't there real news you could be focusing on The testified they didn't feel pressured. But you just keep beating  a dead horse. Go Trump
He cited Lester Holt's interview... HAHA
@CNN is ISIS
whatever!
Sounds like Donald J Trump has put fear in the hearts of these folks!
That is the God's honest truth. I would've ask after he finished, " now is that a yes or no" all that hot air put me to sleep lol
I hate paying the salaries to these puppets of Trump.Our country is in dire straits, it is time for another massive march.
ironic..not going to answer to make sure don't break a law but pres. &co couldn't be that careful.
@CNNPolitics - in a galaxy far far away in la la land lives Clinton New Network !!
CNN IS ISIS !!!
Tell him to kiss ur butt

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha poor little snowflakes go cry under a rock 
It's like Dejavu, CNN acted the same way the night President Trump won, now we find out no one was pressured a d They don't know what to do.
Mission accomplished!! Ladies and gentleman we've got him! The innuendo points to Russia! Impeachment hearings should start around July 1st.
I wish, dream and hope.
Why they couldn't answer with a yes or no? Why elaborate so much on bogus and inderect responses. We THE PEOPLE want direct responses.
Snotty Senator
They are just wasting taxpayers, so tired of ALL their BS. They should do their job, work for the American people. Stick thier PC BS
Driving democrats nuts.  Gotta live it
For the love of Pete, if the answer is "no" please just SAY IT! lets put some of this to rest already 
If this is what the special investigation involves, he can't say anything, especially in that forum
what is the coverage of? all I'm seeing is Democrats acting inappropriate and a bad representation of its constituents, wdik.
Really?  All I saw was a group of Trumpsters not answering simple non confidential questions.  Why agree to testify then don't say anything?
@CNNPolitics Where's @CNN tweet about Dem Senators interrupting and not allowing 4 Intel chiefs to complete answers to questions?
Show no respect for Congress, oversight committees, are American citizens.
What an incredible waste of time.
Rosenstein buying time.
@KamalaHarris is my hero
Why?
Our government is so crooked and corrupt. Smh #MoneyOverEverything
#Defectors
if they don't want to answer some of the questions, why aren't they charge with contempt and put in jail, like any other person in America?
Lol... others don't even show up
in those cases you send the police, handcuffed them, put them in jail and give them enough time to "reflect".
And your lie once again exposed. No one was told to back off, stop, or felt pressured.
People go round in circles...
Democrats are whining babies. An answer doesn't fit their hysterical grandstanding narrative so they trash and belittle the witnesses.
The dems attempt to govern. Sad
Countdown to Comey: 21Hrs 15 mins. 14,13,12. The Filibuster King. CNN,MSNBC & Neva Trumpers still in denial. Try again in 2020 libtards!
#SenateIntelHearing wind direction,changes as "the new boys given a project in Iran reminds me of Reagan doing the same for the Carter Boys
The Intel leaders said that there is no pressure exerted upon them. Same as "asking", so why do u still push that?
Committee should be ashamed at themselves. They are not worth anything. Some committee with no power. Wasting Americas time.
It is not even Thursday yet and the Washington Vote Whores are stampeding to the open mics. Not even 1pm yet. This will be deafening.
Awwwww.....Leftards got their feelings hurt and CNN is going ape$hit. Very entertaining.
Dems getting pissed. Not answering their questions
DEMS MORE DANGEROUS TO AMERICA THAN ANY TERRORIST, DEMS PROPAGANDA TRYING TO  DESTROY AMERICA FROM WITHIN IS TREASONOUS VOTE REPUBLICAN 2018

Rosenstein is a Trump toady
Bullshit

OMG THIS IS Y WE VOTED TRUMP CAUSE NO ONE IS DOIN THERE JOB THIS WAS BOUT THREATS INTEL BUT WHOLE THING WAS BOUT TRUMP OMG FAKENEWS LOL
Cowards who keep information from We the People and only speak behind closed doors.
These people should be ashamed of themselves- not answering the American publics questions on Russian probe
I think at this point the media and other intellectually deficient people (democrats) owe our great President an apology.
The employee that posted the countdown clock!!! 
30 second isnt a filibuster
So rude because they aren't getting their way-this is our Congress that we voted in-embarrassing!
GLAD NO DEMS BECOME INCHARGE OF ONE OF THE INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES. BECAUSE THEY WOULD HAVE TO CHANGE IT TO THE UNINTELLIGENCE AGENCIES.LEAKS?
The Dems once again show NO respect,not even to the DAG.
Whole lotta nothing.
I hope Comeys testimony goes as good LMAO
I could be wrong, it seems to me that those guys are trying very hard to hold on to their jobs. They claimed that they're not under pressure
These guys are lying.  They want to save their jobs.  Rogers and Coates seemed to think this is all a joke.  This was a waste of time.
They will grasp at anything to try an derail the train.. to damn funny.
Amazing how disrespected Sen. Harris was by Chairman and Rosenstein grimace with a drink of water. This shows GOP & Trump prejudices
This is making D's look like fools and the media look like liars.

Huh...
@MartinHeinrich was grandstanding. This will be a major bust for @dnc. Lost the ballgame and need new game plan.
Democrat Dumbcucks, eating their Big Nothing Burger. Wipe your chin, you're dribbling
The witch hunt isn't coming up will much. Intel Chiefs just mentioned about WP not to believe everything you read from them. Fake news
Yes Dan coats it's so goddamn funny our president leader of the Free World potential criminal activity perhaps even espionage God damn funny
Is this news?
Nothing here folks nothing. All this intelligence were investigating Trump and others citizens of USA and yet no charges, no crimes one year
@SenJohnMcCain 
....get the truth you will be a hero for all of America.
Lol...John McCain a hero for all America? He sold his soul long ago
Political theater
lol, too funny
Democrat whiners
What is the point if there are no consequences to not answering?
沙发
This is not going well for the (D)s..... Might be a good time to start talking about policy again.
These Dems senators are so rude!  They're not get the intell ppl to bash POTUS and they are so upset!  Nothing to see here folks
Rosenstein is a punk....
WHAT A BUNCH OF IMMORAL A HOLES THESE DEMOCRATS ARE
Hmm
ANSWER THE FRICKING QUESTION, or the dann trash papers and networks will make up more crap
A ha. Something the trumpsters don't like.
Rude
The Senator got his ass kicked!! 
Thanks to Sen(s) King, Heinrich & Harris. THE ARROGANCE AND CONTEMPT BY THE INTEL DIRECTORS FOR THE SENATE COMMITTEE IS DISPICABLE!
Slimy Tumpeter
Unbelievable. They're going to wail and moan until they get one of their "gotcha " questions answered just the way they want it. #Vipers
LMAO.... HILARIOUS
That guy was a straight up dick. He was also censured by the panel for not letting the people answer his questions.
Rosenstein trying to stay in the good graces of President PENCE? Hmmm.
.
Translation: he's full of it
