President Trump continues to display a disturbing pattern of recklessness. #Classified101
Letting Flynn have access to classified information for weeks after being told Flynn was compromised by the Russians #Classified101
Leaving a classified lock bag lying around with key in it. #Classified101
Discussing North Korean missile launch w Japanese President while Mar-a-Lago guests gawk & take pics #Classified101
Claiming the CIA was “hacked” #Classified101
Letting Tass into the oval office with cameras and electronic equipment #Classified101
You need to run in 2020....excellent questions this morning!
With Kennedy as your VP.
This is extremely damaging because our allies will be reluctant to share important intel with us while Trump is in office ... We need change
they're sharing valuable info with us, just not to our admin.  Stand by, this shouldn't take long.
Qui pro quo corruption proven to be ineffective. Trump's crooked theories are nothing new.
Lead our country with pride & dignity. Our Founding Fathers built USA with the future in mind.
russia used by hillary comey coverup for murder seth rich dnc whistleblower 2wikileaks,all truth
Good questions. Glad u asked y. They are avoiding. Thank u sir.
Republicans are enabling trump. Watching this investigation is terrible. They aren't answering questions. Can't you pressure them?
Why do you think the Russian government wanted Trump in the Oval Office?
don't give Trump classified information nfo
@CIA As #COLDWAR #Disabled #VETERAN who Protected Us from Russian Advancement,15'#MartinHeinrich Let VA Clinic Deny Me Care=He's a Hypocrite
@POTUS should B more careful. He should start by firing all of the @DNC @POTUS44 leakers who R causing these problems. 
Don't U agree? 
You should probably send this to hillary. She's got the unsecured server
russia used coverup murder of DNC seth rich whistleblower to wikileaks,clear who murdered seth
Sir I like the cut of your jib! #makethemtalk
Canada's system is a LOT better.. we should all move to Canada !
With all due respect Sir.. the Health Care system in this country is a bankrupt, ruined, broken mess.  I've decided to move to Canada !
But didn't Hillary use the wrong cellphones when exchanging classified info, but only an issue when it's trump? Oh right.
HILARY Gave Uranium instead.
#Obama did Political Spying! Will you Speak up? Do you fear being called #Racist ? #Patriot or #pathetic #Loser ? https://newsline.com/rand-paul-all-those-leaking-classified-info-must-be-found/ …
#HorseShitAlert #RussianRuse !!
#DeepState Horseshit!
Excellent questions!! Thank you.. signed The American People
So glad to have you as my senator.
Great Job today with interview of the 4 puppets of POTUS...You make me proud to be an American.
Well what do you think about THIS, Marty 
#Fool
The RUSSIANS are coming!! Hide Martin.  Jack ass party has become nuts.  too bad,
russia a coverup 4murder seth rich dnc whistleblower 2wikileaks, by hillary obama podesta  mccain spread the lie
only one gave russians info was hillary, podesta and obama go after them arrest them not trump
Thank God we got a gov official with common sense! 
And don't involve the Israelis. They're the World's most efficient at Intel. Leave them out of this stupid bickering in US!!
You mean like @HillaryClinton giving them 33K emails? Didn't seem too upset about classified info getting stolen by Russians then...why now?
President Trump Didn't! How would you judge Obama when we know he had many secret conversations with Putin!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse > Senator, why didn't we hear this when hillary left a secure laptop in a hotel room??
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse > Your thoughts Senator on when Obama Promised More flexibility to The Russians 2012?
@realDonaldTrump needs to be impeached. #ImpeachTrump
You seem to have no trouble ignoring the vast evidence of the crimes of Hillary Clinton! Hypocrisy! I guess it comes easy with practice.
He can't be trusted with the codes.@KirkNason @SpeakerRyan @RepAdamSchiff @maddow
he didn't a-hole
or how 'bout any information.
Pro tip - don't believe everything anonymous sources tell you. Especially when it feeds your anti-Trump fever
Obvious tip: don't make assumptions that make you look dumber than you are... it's hard,but could happen.
Please consider a run for president in 2020.
Your like a dog at the sound of a dinner bell, why dont you do something for NM and get off the partisan Trump hating!
No wonder why NM is worst on the list for almost everything, look who's running our state. Falling for tabloids. SMH
YOUR NUTS... FAKE NEWS,
This is for Hillary right?
Nobody is listening in the Mad House.
Protip:  don't believe fake news.
I'm glad to see you are willing to finally talk about our government giving classified information to other countries. How's Hillary BTW?
All of you have lost your credibility with voters because you made it clear that all you plan on doing is: obstruct; resist; & oppose.
too late: boastful and incompetent. can't trust Tillerson, either:  both Lavrov & he condescending smiles & behavior - this is not right
Wreaking havoc, unraveling US tantamount to overthrowing US stable govt, bringing down common wealth #impeach #remove #cannon_nose #TREASON
Be smarter than this. The American people are not smart enough to understand you are falling right into his trap. People are getting tired.
Protip: Get your facts straight before you post smart ass statements. #twitter101
Let Hillary know.
Get your facts straight &pull your head out of chuckles a$$. Before Utweet  more fake news. When U get voted out U can go work for fake news
How is this fake news?  #ImpeachTrump
Why do U  's act like this? Stop the resistance Ulost Hillary is going to jail Marty will be gone and no more free school 4U get a job
#MASA
Pro tip: work for your CONSTITUENCY and not for your DONORS #Puppet #TheHardestPartIsAlways doing what is RIGHT! #TrumpRussia ISNT the issue
Help impeach TRUMP right now. Keep trying every day until successful. Morning comes, try to impeach. Do it, every day, please.
Protip: Don't have a secret server and leak all your emails to wikileaks #Classified101
Or uranium remedial class.
What's @GOP waiting for? Impeach this man! He endangers #nationalsecurity, and there is no one who is not GOP in the line of succession!
I hope you lose your seat for this. This type of hysteria is absurd and interferes with an honestly elected president. Shame on you
Please DO SOMETHING
He has jeopardized our relationship with foreign intel services. How did he uphold the #Constitution? #firetrump #resist #heinrich2020
Didn't you read ? He didnt. Hillary and obama will stop at nothing to bring trump down don't believe anything from the Main Media
Maybe you should have offered that "protip" to @HillaryClinton, eh?
even better would be to NOT pardon Bradley Manning and give a green light to other vicious hateful bastards.
Protip: Learn to spot #fakenews or GTFOH statist zombie.
ask hillary how to handle classified information
Protip: Just set up an unsecured server in your bathroom.Then say you didn't "intend" for the Russians to hack it. #classified101 Dem style.
That wasn't in the orientation.....
HR  McMaster said he was in the room and didn't, are you calling the general a liar?
Ya think?
how you know fake news
constituent question: WHY is this not considered treason? WHY are impeachment proceedings not under way?
Didn't happen, just another fake news story...
Why isn't this information provided to everyone ? Should not the FREE World know this Intel ?
Scam or Shame ?
Back to basics with @realDonaldTrump - apparently this wasn't obvious smh
Even better Pro Tip: Don't give Donald Trump classified information. PERIOD!
Sen @MartinHeinrich says don't give the Russians classifed information. Note the date
ok says the Post but then the Russians got all they needed from the DNC and Clinton servers
Lock him up
More lies from the Fake News left. Don't you ever get tired of lying? Everyone knows you lie all the time. U have no shame
Yah think?!?
"give the Russians" no trump doesn't give anything to anyone, he SOLD those secret codes to them, and god knows how many more secrets
Senator, please ensure an independent investigation into Trump/Russia happens, now.  Thanks.
#LockHimUp
Unnamed sources are Bullshit and u should demand the source before u spread the bullshit. But, you as a hypocrite won't.
#patriotism101
@bitchyologist you RT this but he's talking about Hillary. You realize that right 
Yeah! And don't email classified material to an unclassified server.
Protip:  Don't give Pres Trump classified information.
#Classified102

How will King Salman (KSA) treat Pres Trump next week?
Yeah, cause I'm nearly fifty and they've always been the baddies. Even the Republicans used to think so.
I love how every single article has the same words in it " unnamed sources" How come their always unnamed. Fake News
Get him out NOW!!
Classified info provided by an ally was given to the Russians by Donald Trump without permission from our ally. Leave him in WH we're fucked
Senator, you are on fire tonight.  Keep it up.  The laughter keeps me from crying about POTUS.
Dang, maybe you should talk to Trump for 10 minutes so he can tell us that security is harder than anyone ever realized!
@GOP you MUST #impeachtrumpnow !!!
you were quoted by @USATODAY
Stop this incompetent, unqualified, treasonous nonsense now! #ImpeachThenProsecute #WhiteHouseDown2017.
nice meme
Classified101?  Don't we learn this in 5th Grade Social Studies/History? Oh, wait @realDonaldTrump doesn't know how to read or learn! My bad
You can give him bullshit and stamp it "classified" so he would have something to blab about. "I have a secret" is awesome to a narcissist
I'll bet your GOP collegues are "deeply concerned"
For.  The.  Love.  of.  PETE!  Wake up GOP!  #GOPDOSOMETHING
Protip: Don't give any one classified information that doesn't have that security clearance.
But didn't people vote for him because he isn't a political pro? Good plan. Working out great.
Even better pro-tip: Don't give Trump classified information. Impeach instead.
Loose lips sink ships
I would also suggest, don't let him board any plane.
His response. Lol
if the average citizen did that, they'd be charged with treason. Can Trump be charged?
Time to act please
Someone, ANYONE needs to act
only russian media that day?
Correct. And WH was mad when Russia released the pictures.
Mad bc they (Russia) lied to them. Wow. Who would've known they would lie?
Any Legislative Branch elected official who ignores this #CriminalClassifiedLeak isn't fulfilling their oath to #DefendTheConstitution
New Mexico might not have much but we know how to keep secrets.
See PO Box 1663 
I am still waiting for the tapes with golden showers in Moscow, another scoop by the msm
IMPEACH. This isn't a joke. It's not funny.
But You are mike. #MAGA best president EVER
who knew classified information was so complicated?
AmateurTip: Don't give the Russians classified information.        #Classified101
Do something about it
Trump is just trying to help Putin out..
Insanity rules in the USA
IMPEACH
So.... about those articles of impeachment...

Impeach please.
#ITN
How bout we quit with the jokes and start nailing motherfuckers to the wall??
Meanwhile the GOP does nothing to stop the erosion of our democracy.  I'll never vote Republican again.  This is such bullshit.
Here here.
are you single?
Even if the Russian press is there?
Like in a debate? How long it takes to launch nukes!
How can you get your GOP colleagues to take this seriously too?
You won't. They gladly sold out Christianity at the altar of tax cuts for the 1%. Why wouldn't they sell out America too?
