Not enough. This wasn't a minor indiscretion. And why is anyone assuming Pence is an innocent party?
@Uhuruhsiempre Pence mouth is not trust worthy, he's been cosigning onto everything Trump and his klan has said.
And if Vice-President Pence knew and lied about this he should step down #ElectionRedo
I do not support you, but you are right.  However I think talking to a Russian is not unethical. Obama whispered....
@AndyRichter 
He should go to jail. #FireFlynn
@Uhuruhsiempre Aww come on now who's lying to who?
Or maybe they're BOTH lying?
He should have an independent prosecutor and perhaps go to JAIL. And what did Trump know or direct?
@Uhuruhsiempre Don't let Pence good man act cloud your judgment. He's already showed he's willing to get down and dirty.
Absolutely.  Thank you.
The story is really about why Flynn contacted Russian Amb. And WHO TOLD HIM TO DO IT. TRUMP!
My guess would be that they both lied. Many people outside of Indiana think @VP is an okay guy, but he is worse than Trump.
as well as everyone else
He should be jailed for treason.
He should be tried for treason. The penalty for that is still death, correct?
@mydoggigi Ya THINK? Lol. #ImpeachmentSoon
No, he should be fired and you should be leaning on @jasoninthehouse to conduct a dozen investigations
he should but Trump's arrogance won't allow it
sounds treasonous
@hickeyhouse15 the evidence is there. no "if...then" - he SHOULD step down now.
What if Pence is part of the ''whole arrangement''?  Why assume ''innocent bystander'' status , because he has white hair?
What did Flynn do wrong? Nothing from what I can tell.
CHARGES SHOULD BE FILED , IS ANYONE IN CHARGE OF THIS RUNAWAY JACKASS , DON THE CON .
he should, but he who makes the terror and makes the rules doesn't give a shit about that.
get busy & push to #FireFlynn & Demand Investigation into #TrumpRussia Ties Spanning 4 Decades! Read #DworkinReport @funder
We need investigation. There's more to this story.
he should be prosecuted.
What should be the punishment for promising a lifting of sanctions or GOP platform change in return for election help?
@AndyRichter or arrested for treason.
but if VP Pence and the rest of intersanctum Knew, and were covering it up, they should all step down or be impeached
You're being too generous, Martin. He should be fired.
or Pence knew
By apologizing, isn't that admitting the conversations took place which, technically, would be treason anyway?
@AndyRichter he should be indicted.
But he won't, because Trump knew, and if Flynn goes he'll bring down the whole house of cards with him
LoL. Step down for following the regime's policy of subterfuge and lies? I don't think this is the right fight.
@AndyRichter Nope, its bigger...if he acted alone he'd be gone...WRITE IT DOWN
But he said sorry!  As my 3 year old will tell you...that makes everything ok again.
Senator, if Flynn does not step down, Americans must wonder what he said to our Republican President to keep his job
I would use the word 'must'.
And of Pence repeated the lie...Still a lie.
How do you know he lied - more like he reported back in answer to a directive.
Not convinced in slightest he acted w/o VP knowing &/or on orders of WH. We need, & indeed demand, answers.
You should begin and end every hearing you attend (no matter the subject) with this statement.
@nycsouthpaw The double standard has never been more conspicuous in national politics   than it has since Jan 20.
Agree. Step down like yesterday.
Thank you for standing up for our country's security. #FireFlynn
Don't worry about honestly now!
@AthertonKD Republicans control Congress, DOJ & the FBI -- they're no longer accountable to anyone; Flynn gets to stay
or if he can't remember. We like NSAs with good memories. #resist
there's also the possibility that Pence and Priebus knew
trump should step down #stopdt
Reply to @MartinHeinrich Senator, you're still thinking this is a normal administration.  Important Q isn't what Flynn told VP Pence, it's +
what he was authorized to tell the Russians. If calls unauthorized, expect he would have been fired -- and he hasn't been.
@EllenMorris1222 Pence was privy to Intel reports via PDB's. Why's everyone taking Pences' word for it that he didn't know?
"#Flynn should resign" say Senators/House Reps who can act as legislators but would rather tweet admonishments. 
easier than that -- if Flynn discussed with Russia he should step down.
@nycsouthpaw Step down into prison?? Law and order anyone?
Flynn isn't going anywhere, he's likely Trump's go-between w/ Russia. Obviously "they" should investigate.
@nycsouthpaw They should ALL step down...Including Trump who lies every day!
Flynn is a traitor, and that is not a word that I take lightly. He should be treated as such. Keep fighting, Senator! 
If Pence repeated the lie Pence should step down.
@nycsouthpaw And if he didn't lie, but Pence did?
@AthertonKD Senator, what if he was asked by the president-elect to deliver that message to the Russian ambassador?
Make Or Break day for @GOP
Can they choose country over party?
Flynn's treachery & #45 Admin breaches of Security?
what if it turns out that Flynn was following orders? Then who steps down?
FACT CHECK: True.
