the spy's work has been done. .....orange duck president drumpf even shoved it in american citizens face while laughing with spies openly
Maybe you should resend it. I'm sure he's been busy. Got lost in the shuffle
subpoena power will be the only tool that works. Must retake house and senate.
We're all waiting for it!
Ur letter is too long. U need to learn to summarize. Bullet points Marty, bullet points.
Whether @realDonaldTrump leak was intentional and malicious or just due  to ingonrance and incompetence makes no differences. UNQUALIFIED
Sir, with all due respect, you KNOW you're not going to get answers and if you do....they'll all be lies.
Yes and I'm still waiting for @realDonaldTrump to find the birth certificate
Isn't he still in Hawaii?
Sheriff joe is still looking into it
We all could use something to keep us busy in retirement years
You need to get the truth before you report more on the fake news
#IndependentProsecuter #InvestigateTrump #InvestigatePence #ImpeachTrump
Subpoena time.
What the actual hell???? Why isn't the media talking about this?
because it's all the DNC narrative that the democrats buy in to.... hypocritical lies and deflection!
@CindibiseniusOr
@CindibiseniusOr
While waiting might start looking into impeachment proceedings for @realDonaldTrump
Countires like Australia, will be very concerned re sharing information with the US as it will be passed to our enemies.
Why didn't you say all this to last adm. all of you were quiet. Is not his policies is the man that you hate.
How about investigating DNC's Illegal handling of the election.  Or Hillary's illegal servers?? Think for yourself,  Martin!!
Thank you, Senator. What are you going to do if the acting director does not get back to you at all? Can these people just do anything?
Don't hold your breath.
You bring up extremely important issues. We need the answers yesterday! Can Special Prosecutor help?
Did finished with Hilary's???
Wish I could confidently say you'll GET a deserved explanation from our @POTUS but unfortunately his style is to duck, cover & lie.
Keep pressing.
Get off the liberal band wagon Marty. All fake news.
Might need an addendum
Don't stop trying. We need to Impeach Trump Make America Good Again
I think the Russians have the inside track at this point. Better ask them.
Get those answers, please.  #trumprussia
Watch this update:
McMaster on report @POTUS revealed classified info to Russia: "I was in the room. It didn't happen." 
Where was your outrage over Hilary's emails and pay to play schemes?? Do the right thing,  Martin!
Thank you @MartinHeinrich!
Hs already refused to cooperate on info so don't hold your breath waiting on  an answer.
I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for those answers if I were you. #Trumprussia
This us our Nat Sec he is putting in jeopardy.
Are you going to send it again? "I'm afraid you may not have received my last message, so I'm sending it again and plan to send it daily."
please don't wait too long!  We must demand answers from this administration befor we are all blown up!
#ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #WannabDickTraitor #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy
Who the he'll are you.? You lead nothing and are nothing to WE THE PEOPLE.?
The tea party shtick is overplayed.
I'm still waiting on the DNC computers to be investigated by the FBI. Maybe I should write a letter too.
Thank you.
I'm still waiting on #bengazi answers.
how long do you plan to wait for the answers? #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
Keep watching here, 3:30AM. Any response will probably contain, "Marty, such a loser". That's if Ivanka returns the orange behemoth's phone.
Don't waste your time because they will never reply to you!
Outrageous. Our national security is in the hands of a madman. Think impeachment For our families. For the planet. 45 is a pathological liar
Good! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is doing exactly what I would do 2 a party pushing #russia #fakenews
Thank you so much for pursuing this.  Very scary.
I'm still waiting for Santa to drop off those presents. Don't hold your breath.
MArch for truth. June 3!
My bet is that you're never going to get an answer.
NO DOUBT THOSE PAPERS & YOUR LETTER WERE DESTROYED TO PROTECT HIMSELF & HIS CO-CONSPIRATORS !
Well @realDonaldTrump is honoring police officers today. But as a hypocrite anti law enforcement DEM U demand attention away from real heros
He probably never heard of you.
Thank you for being right on top of this.
@MaddowBlog  The biggest threat to america big mouth Trump
Get in line... #WH reports all requests from Congress for info are routinely shredded. No action is or will be taken. DEMAND action #Impeach
Where was your concern when Hillary sent classified emails to a pedophile aka Carlos Danger?
Well this is News!!! You should add the Russian Ambassador & Photographers he let into the Oval Office & disclose Highly Sensitive Intel!!!!
America wake up he gets mad one day boom we have a nuclear war
So are we!
WE THE PEOPLE DEMAND YOU GET MILITARY AND TAKE THESE TRAITORS OUT OF THE PEOPLES HOUSE"
You need to wait LOUDER. So proud of you!

Looke on kremlin troll activity
https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&q=%20Trump%20revealed%20classified%20&src=typd …
Go in with a Russian accent...maybe you'll have a better chance.
Thank God for you! The President is completely compromised mentally! The Congress must act. This undermines everything that we stand for!
WHERES OUR @USMC TO TAKE THESE ENEMIES OUT!?
Guess you just got some answers .... 
Don't hold your breath because Trumps getting away with everything thanks to Republicans
NATO countries are concerned with classified data.  How pathetic is that.
Well, I think you were just sub-articled?
please investigate and, if true, hold the president and his staff accountable.
Marty, r u kidding? u will never get an answer, Trumpet feels he's 2 important 2 respond 2 a congressman.
If you email Hillary a copy it should get disseminated quickly
I'm sure the Russians are looking it over...
