This was spotted in Adel,IA at our town annual festival...  vendor had no remorse and could care less that he was proudly unAmerican
The Confederate flag does not represent white supremacy. Learn the truth.
It represents treason and anti-Americanism. Patriots do not fly it. We destroy it to commemorate the civil war.
Please call for the firing of Steve Bannon.
What about poverty? Under UR leadership NM has fallen in child poverty. Pathetic! Do a better job or get replaced.

I did too, but managed to get 163 responses that I am racist, a nazi, WS, ect., why? because I support the sitting President.
And shame on @DARPNM.
They did when blm did just this but burnt how many cities down?  Funny the condemnation fir a white group but the black group...............
You don't know what you are talking about. BLM WERE protesting the murders of black people. These NAZI WERE protesting a Statue!
Thank you for not saying "many sides."
Thank you, Senator 
Thank you Sir for standing up and speaking out.
Yes WeThePeople all condemn the violence of Libtard commy terrorists !  #libtardssuck 
It's funny you don't bring up what's going on at the colleges and suppressing free speech and them riots do you
Do something.  The blame lies squarely on Trump. It is sickening to see America torn apart by this psychologically disturbed and unfit man.
Thank you for your leadership, Senator Heinrich.
And where is your condemnation of the BLM and Antika hate groups, Senator?
This country is full of hate on both sides. In my opinion it is because we have have no true, unbiased leadership from our elected officials
Thank you, Senator. It is unacceptable and thank you for saying so.
Then why do democrats support the KKK?
What about your buddy Soros group ? Who's paying people to start violence.
It's a sad day when the PRESIDENT can't come out and condem the behavior of his bolden more aggressive BASE!! Shame on you trump!!
Condemn all hate!!
Lets calla spade a spade, White supremacist are fancy words for NAZIS, and thugs
Expect a lot more for there's a traitor at the helm
Those white supremacist and the racist BLM bowel movement.losers should  go protest somewhere else. Leave the rest of America alone.
I agree, I just wished you had the same attitude to BLM violence
U don't get points in my book for stating the obvious. Whoever these people are they do not reflect the opinion of the people of VA. Stupid.
Condemning previous ANTIFA violent riots may have averted today's tragedy...
Really? Prove It. Condemn 45. Do SOMETHING! Put your big-boy pants on and #ImpeachTrumpNow with #25thamendment
This is an act of terrorism!

Another image of the suspect James Alex Fields Jr.  This one shows him at the rally. #Charlottesville 
The violence was not one sided. You sound sadly like Obama, rushing to judgement with/ #IdentityPolitics
Please run for POTUS in 2020!
Please call this what it was... Domestic terrorism
Will somebody please tell the president that too!!!
Hey here's an idea - how about in addition to condemning it, you DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
#Charlottesville 
#sundaybrunch 
Is God in form or formless?
#SantRampalJi
#KabirIsGod
http://Supremegod.org 
Charlottesvilles was a protest against the removal of Confederate monuments gone bad. White supremacists should have never been allowed.
White supremacists do not represent anything having to do with the Confederate flag or the monuments to our ancestors. Know that!
Lmaooo but they do.
Putin uses constant white supremacist propaganda to divide this nation; he's injected into the white house http://dashboard.securingdemocracy.org/ 
Obama did same thing...
Those lies and whataboutism might fool Trump supporters-- but you aren't fooling any smart people.
Thank you for standing up to these bullies. We're behind you Senator!
Thank you Sir. To bad doesn't feel that way.
Thank you Senator!
Right, but you support blm.  Got it. Makes all the sense in the world.
Neat. Do something!
Thank you ... finally
We must also condemn today's violent racists & fascists like Antifa, Black Lives Matter and all other violent Resistards who shoot to kill.
Blm is hate so is antifa where's the outrage
You misunderstand, @shawndalee31 - spell it out: it's Black Lives Matter and AntiFascists. If you can get that, you'll know it's not hate.
You support the violence that antifa committed against people going to a Trump political rallies last year?
As always, I am proud to have voted for you !
#bestregards ... https://twitter.com/lowercasetrump/status/896547872631644161 … #ImpeachTrump
