you were quoted in an article by @mashable
- Best be ready for disapp. then. Core samples prove that the climate is constly. changing and we're nowhere near the hottest ever
Please study @fairphone
Well then I guess these countries will come up with the money to keep it going.typical socialists time they learn to poney up
What a bizarre comment.... :/
Europe paying there own security n paying for there climate change beliefs is bizarre?
Let me laugh! What a #bizarre chart!!!! :D :D :D
If I were u I would also look at the poverty climate change affects undeveloped countries keeping them in inhuman conditions
So your solution is to keep on changing the climate so that their living conditions can get worse & worse? Do you really mean what you say?
Yup watch this to the end Watch Please   https://youtu.be/tpvpiBiuki4?t=1539 …  (perhaps Global Warming not ONLY Human Caused) SUN IS the Main Cause
It's obvious it's not only due to human causes, but we DO play a major part in it, don't we?
Why don't you commit to lowering your prices a little and employing Amer workers bigmouth !You know your profits are staggering?

Then stop mass producing phones for $. Stop planned obsolescence. Make headphones more sturdy so they don't have to be replaced all the time
Now, pls help me sort   recurring prob w my iPhone. 2nd time I've traveled to Europe. I've tried everything!
but was it right for america?
Kinda thinking we wouldn't have done it in first place if not good for America. Also, good for PLANET which is good for America.
your Tweet was quoted by @mashable
A company should make great products, not pay attention to climate change！
If Apple quits the advisory council over this it would make a very powerful statement. Time to step up and do the right thing.
This Trump decision should make it obvious to every tech leader that these "advisory councils" are nothing but a sham.
Trump is siphoning the credibility and reputation of these business titans, as he is his Generals. He'll then discard their empty shells.
Deluded Dems, media, #TheResistance(ha ha) obsess on impeach/obstruction horseshit while Pres. Trump chugs along making America great again.
Paris costs US $100 Trillion 4 unnoticeable .03 degree cooler temp in year 2100. That's a suicidally insane waste of money. Expand your mind
Zuicui
- ...and carbon has nothing to do with the heat. Wake up, buttercup.
Phony. #ParisAccord was just going to be another money maker for billionaires like you.
Committed to fighting climate change and no one had to force you too!  That's the way it should be!!!  So glad the US pulled out!  #MAGA
Mr Cook! On iOS 10.3.2 is make my Battery on my iphone 6s supper waste! When iOS 10.3.3 release to fix this issue!?
Since 2012，you are just improving in the existing product, not changing the world. The apple is not great.
prove it by building your devices in the U.S. Building them on the other side of the planet &shipping them thousands of miles =GlobalWarming
Ridiculously US-centric criticism. Apple sells iPhones around the globe — Japan, China, Europe, US — and commits to the env. despite scale.
Apple products sold in the U.S. should be built in the U.S. Doing so would result in less carbon dioxide emissions.
Replicating factories across globe would not be economically or environmentally efficient, let alone feasible. Apple builds where parts are.
If Apple were truly worried about Global Warming, they would build their products locally, thus reducing their carbon dioxide footprint.
You do realize they would have to import all the parts required to build one?  It wouldn't reduce anything...
like one ship moving one metal per month for each phone right ? 
Obviously not, but they do come from different suppliers in different areas, so it's unlikely they would all go on a single ship
And that's fine. Use your own earnings as you see fit. Show others the courtesy to voluntarily do the same.
You mean like the voluntary Paris agreement where nations set their own goals? Hmmm…
Or voluntarily choose to set their own goals without needing an agreement.
Don't agree 100%! Its responsibility of all countries! Not just US. Also please call out the top polluting countries first.
ok 1.China 2.USA
India is right next!
so we ignore the second position because of the third right? ty for proving my point :)
No. We don't ignore anything. We ask everybody to pitch in. Which part of that don't you get????
everybody was pitching in ...  until the US ditched everybody now they are alone, no worry india and china will cover for you ;)
i think your reading this wrong, Bolder goal and "need other country" help to reach them does not mean they dont chip in ;) geez ..
How does that make sense considering the impact on resources your devices have and trash from production?
Seriously, Tim. Pay your taxes. That'll help a lot.
Not if the government is just going to spend it propping up coal and building jets it won't.
Average person doesn't give a damn about fake climate change virtue signaling. You cried wolf too often. We don't even hear you anymore.
Then move all mfg back to US from China.
How noble of you
Time to divest.
"Many chemicals contained in mobile phone handsets are linked to birth defects and health problems"
Read more:
Self righteous virtue signaling as Apple products contain components that create deadly toxic waste in manufacturing
Apple products and data centres increase fossil fuel demand
Covfefe Katica -- do you know her?
The #parisclimateagreement was the US paying $100 billion a year to other countries to be part of it, true? How is that wrong to get out?
how do U know it is wrong? ?@realDonaldTrump

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REmGyB7DmDA&sns=tw … via @youtube
I trust u not to waver
Please educate us, Tim, regarding Apple's environmental policies/achievements...recycling? manufacturing? special materials?
says one of the many billion dollar CEO's that got rich from fucking up the planet, now it's a problem all of the sudden. fucking joke.
If an iOS device would not become obsolete after a few years... akku change? Backward compatiblity? But selling iPhones > global warming
Umm... no. You're wrong. #ParisAgreeement sucks. The free market has done way more for climate change than big gov ever has or ever will
Imagine our apples made in China etc etc, one plant employees 400,000.            Make it in America OR pay FAIR SHARE of our Tax revenue
Tim, your tweet raises the matter of , and your individual, credibility. I am saddened.
Will you pull mfg from China since their "pledge" involves incr greenhouse emissions 34% through 2030? As rep by Global Comm on Econ & Clim?
Next time, elect a @realPresident...
Thank you for being so committed to the right side. You speak wise words.
Pathetic hypocrisy from a man who manufactures iPhones in China. Your #globalist eco bent is only to mask your #CorporateGreed
you were quoted in an article by @mashable
Fine . all Apple employees including you get disconnected from power grid, no petroleum products allowed incl. medicine & stop exhaling CO2
LOl dont you use child slaves in africa?
Easy... allow jailbreaks or devs may end up jailBREAKING yo face..
Will you move apple products full production from china to a country that is not exempt?
You realize that china is exempt from carbon limits in the paris accord right?
Hey, pal, Steve Jobs even stated, "Tim Kook is wrong for Apple and our planet." Missed that quote, didja...pal?
Waiting for the WWDC 2017!I hope Apple can make more products which are friendly with our environment!

Biggest RICO case in history the cabal of Politicos/Media/Corrupt Climate Scientists manipulating data to push anthropogenic Climate Change
If you are concerned about the planet, stop flying in private aircraft.  You burn more fuel on one flight than I do in a lifetime.
And yet, you make iPhones in China, the worst offender on the planet.  Put your money where your mouth is.
Cool as long as it's your dime do whatever you want...She will wax old like a garment...You don't know the difference between right or wrong
That's BS and the decision to withdraw was 100% right for Americans. Next the U.N.. MAGA
No NWO. No way. No how.
I’m grateful to be working for a company under the leadership of @tim_cook
Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver.
Go on TIM
The Paris agreement was more crony garbage, I guess you are in on it.
Yet your Iphones are made in China, the worlds worst polluter and in the agreement must do nothing about it?  Learn what your talking about.
SPECTACULAR HYPOCRISY! MAKING IPHONES IN CHINA WHICH IS EXEMPT FROM THE PARIS TREATY! YOU'RE A 
It should be in the hands of the companies in the first place to do the right thing for the planet. Not the govt.
Please quit the advisory council.
Very good job
Apple needs to show some leadership to Trump & the world. Do the right thing and quit advisory council please.
Thanks Tim.

Tell you what Timmy.  You have our permission to donate your entire net worth the United Nations.  You do not have permission to donate mine
Tim Cuck
The 12 page Paris accord is volunteer agreement.We can pay 1billion to put solar on 100,0000 home here in US or 1 trillion for 100 mil homes
Tim you supported Drumph
Well done Apple
Yes Tim, what say Ye about making all iPhones in China? What kind of 'responsibility' does Apple have for factory's 'carbon emissions' there
Do you even know why you say it was wrong? Did you read the facts like @POTUS did? Are you just assuming what you heard is accurate?
You do know the climate has been changing for eons? And that NY was supposed to be under water by 2015 (according to 'experts')
What about all of the phones and computers thrown in landfills?
Yes, big problem for the world and society, but @Apple is doing it's part. Note we don't have an affiliation. =>
BOO
Like the same way #China is committed? So committed you must walk about with face mask, committed? How make innovation great again $AAPL
Just do it then.. that's it!!
Thank you Tim!  We need more responsible CEO's
bring all your production back home, employ Americans, and why is your cheesy phone a $1000.00 ? It's not made of gold....
Thank you
Great. Now let's see the same commitment to ending racism, mysogyny & inequality.
Well done Apple!
Then why are Apple phones built by companies that are major polluters.  @tim_cook = Hypocrite.  Never mind the slave labor.
Also why I will never by Apple products!
Why did you not upgrade your products to the latest power saving processors then? Some are several years behind.
But how in the world will you do this without the government making you??
Is that possible ???
hypocrite.  Making iPhones in China where there is no teeth to their Paris signature.  A bad deal is a bad deal no matter what the intent.
Economics & profits caused the problem. Move Apples manufacturing and assembly to the USA and conform to what is best for the environment.
Thanks Tim Cook. 
Proud of you!
So you build your products in China where they are building up to 5 coal power stations a week-& you make this comment? Hypocrite.
Exactly what has Apple contributed to fighting climate change? Make yourself more irrelevant by leaving the Economic Council #AmericaFirst
withdrawing from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong on so many levels. I'm with you.

Does this mean you're going to quit outsourcing to China? You know - since they're the world's biggest polluter.
Please send a clear message to POTUS by leaving the advisory council. #ParisAgreement #ActOnClimate
Mate, you're sh1t at your day job. Probably better focus on that and quit your virtue-signalling.
#ParisAgreeement lol, how ?
If, as a race, we need a #ParisAgreeement to take care of our own house, then we deserve what we get #MotherEarth will cleanse itself
CO2 is the 2nd least harmful byproduct of fossil fuel, after water vapor.  Doubling CO2 would double crop yields and end world starvation.
What about yourself, will you give up the mansions, yachts & private jets & live with a light carbon print? What bout iphones made in china?
Apple also reduces carbon emissions by not letting workers leave the factories, so no commuting pollution.
https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/870786203230101505 …
Stop making your iPhones in one of the top polluting countries in the world, which is exempt from the Accords for the next 13 years then.

a picture is worth a billion words... 
Put you're money where your mouth is and make iPhones here, where the air is cleaner.
Hypocrits!!
President Trump is fighting for the world. This Paris Climate Accord will only transfer the US emissions to other nations.
WHY do you make your phones in China, the BIGGEST POLLUTER IN THE WORLD? Seems little Timmy Cook may be a hypocrite! #MAGA Timmy.
Correct then stop making phones at 2 dollars an hour in China
All about losing the money!
Yet your manufacturing won't slow

Then stop making your iPhones in China which was EXEMPT from  mandatory carbon emission cuts. Damn hypocrite. https://twitter.com/tim_cook/status/870439008316276736 …
So you actually believe that the global warming actually global cooling at the moment is man made..?
When you move your operations to China which is the worst polluter in the world, you lose the moral high ground.  That is called wavering.
Then construct solar powered plants in the US to build Apple products instead of China you hypocrite!
Love to see you make a business decision that limits your company, gives money to Samsung and allows them to do things you can't do. #Smart
How about committing to not wiping people's music files?
The cities are stepping up. After all it is the Paris Accord...
Yet you continue to build your phones and employ thousands in China which has some of the worst environmental regulations in the world...
Bullcrap, have you seen China
Mr Cook, even w/obParis, the US will  continue to address climate change but just not to the tune of American Jobs and American Money.
Why won't you stand up to this evil man who sacrifices our planet for money? Where is your courage? #QuitThePresidentsCouncil
Does Apple 'intentionally' operate its business at a loss, submitting to foreign oversight & loss employees, if you could do things better?
Good for you. How many of your own $s are you sending to Paris?
Focus on making great products. Please don't politicize Apple - bad move that will get you nowhere.
#ParisAgreement !!
How much carbon is released shipping your products from China instead of making them in the US?

Or is that one of those "it's okay" things?
If Apple is against the American way, maybe we should ban Apple products. They have been shit since Steve died anyway.
Disagree,  there is always a way to do good without bankrupting our country
How many Chinese committed suicide building your overpriced gadgets this week?
You don't have to think out of the box to see the validity of protecting the Earth. Good one Apple.
What's your carbon footprint? Private planes, multiple mansions..before you preach you might want to follow your own advice hypocrite
Leaving the Advisory Council would be the best course of action at this point.
TOM YOU ARE A RICH PHONEY F--- WHO CARE NOTHING FOR THE WORKING PEOPLE OF THE USA OR CLIMATR CHANGE...
How. One your business in China which is most polluting country along India and they are not held up to same standards and we pay trillions?
Not sure that staying on POTUS council is a winning move. Seems like he's decided we belong on the sidelines. Time is too precious to waste
Great news!!! Now can you fix iCloud photo sharing for families????
The climate changes naturally regardless of what Apple does or doesn't do: always has, always will do.
Glad your committed. Prove it. Bring back your manufacturing to the US from China - the greatest polluter in the world. Put up or shut up.
Consider also fighting Google Photos, that software is amazing #eyeontheprize 
Paris had no enforcement to drive REAL change. @apple still doing business where #LGBTQ are KILLED. Such hypocrisy is sad.
I don't usually threat companies but if Tim Cook doesn't quit the advisory council then Apple lose my business.
Exelent!
Since 1985 I think apple user. I think I will boicot your products if you do not go out from Trumple board. A shame for your company.
Unlimited production of plastic devices and all chemistry IS way more CAUSAL to Earth's natural function supporting life! Egos errs halt!...
are you going to stop making your products in China which has the world's highest emissions yet is exempt from the accord for some reason?
@Climate21 I salute your determination -  as a sign of it, could you please make your products and their parts repairable again?
the withdrawal was the correct thing to do. Why should America have to reduce while China does not. Bad for America and the world.
Grazie Tim 
