This is such a disgrace. I believe these men are good men but are doing a disservice to the country just to defend a man- president or not
The Mueller investigation
That's all we've got left- Mueller and Comey- to get to the bottom of this
Don't bank on it....this witch hunt is being exposed....and my ores is goin to work his agenda....poor liberals
there's so much evidence against trump, Bill. He's going down and taking a lot of peeps with him. That's why these intel peeps couldn't talk
Blah blah....talk to me in 8 years....thank god we have a pres willing to stand up to liberal tyranny we are the #realresistance #maga
You do realize elections are held every 4 years for president. Also, trump won't make it whole way through his first. Gone in a year
He's going to landslide in 4...and you libs will be exposed as the tyranny you guys are
A brazen attack on the principle of accountability & rule of law. What are these men are covering, & why, is the Big Question
I can't say, "No" because the answer is Yes
EXACTLY.
He doesnt know if he is authorized to answer the questions because the white house didnt tell him. He cant say yes or no.
Sen. Heinrich made Coat's look like a coward. Americans have a right to know. This right is what makes us better than Russia.
I disagree. If that were true I would lay down and stop resisting this crime. We are better than Russia. Trump does not represent America.
We're talking about political systems. If the GOP colludes with the Russian federation aren't an extension of that system?
It's hard to lie under oath
They did a good job not to lie.
No wonder Trump didn't publicly invoke executive privilege. They're acting as if he did anyway. This is a disgrace and we can see through it
This is called Respect Of Authority. It's too bad more people in this great country do not understand this concept.
Senator Heinrich's got huevos. This only increases my admiration of him. Wouldn't be a bad shout for 2020.
Witnesses refused to say if #DUFUS ever asked them to ...
If he didn't do it, it would be easy to say no. Obviously he did it.
Senator Heinrich one of the MANLY'S from the hearing
Couldnt it be that  conversations will come out in Mueller invest.which is better in terms of evidence?
Wow
These ppl are definitely NOT true America 1st patriots like ones that took Nixon ass down for faaaar less dispite Party, fear or friendship!
TRAITORS
(  COATS & Rogers Pledged Loyalty to Trump, not the American People )
what twisted reasoning is behind them  doing this? I'm seriously asking
Also, personal safety and job security must also be in their minds.
Time for some financial investigations. Follow the money I say!
Yeah tax returns. We should find out how not to pay our taxes until trump shows his.
Is it weird I feel bad for Coats here? I get what Heinrich is doing, and I understand Coats' response, but this feels like rough handling.
Grown ups understand risk. No sympathy available.
the fact that he refuses to say "no" and end all the speculation says all we need to know. IT HAPPENED
Next up..truth dies  on the alter of expediency? Or will JC become folk hero. Watch saga this a.m.
Whether you felt pressured or not doesn't apply. Either he asked or didn't ask. Some feel pressured to do drugs & some don't. About morals.
This is a sad day in the US when these two men has promised their loyalty to trump !!!
Well Me Coats this is part of the investigation, so answer the f*ng question!!
If you can't say no under oath, that's technically a yes.

I'm simply saying the conversation did occur and Coats & Rogers are complicit in a coverup of the collusion between TrumpRussia
we're in a dictatorship now
Isn't it amazing tht libs just can't understand "I have never bn pressured, forced, or asked to do anything illegal!"
@kylegriffin1 @MSNBC
@trumpaboard That's not what he said.  FFS, just cause you believe what you think, doesn't make it so.
Yet he was able to say he didn't feel pressured yesterday, so he can speak on his feeling just not the facts.
I don't know. Coats/Rogers may be taking one for the team, by making it obvious that there's, there, there.
Not sure they are protecting him. They could've just flat out lied. Like everyone else. They made it apparent that there is there, there.
It's not up to coats to declare or exercise executive privilege. The President, White House has to.
Cause it did happen 
@brithume The testimony was clear about their message that they wouldn't say to their oversight committee .
In light of Comey's refusal to "be loyal" to the president..It occurs that these men, in the same situation apparently have pledged theirs.
They told them they were willing to discuss classified information in closed hearings. The left leaves that out.
but but that's what they are there for!
Don't be a fool.  He explicitly testified "no pressure" details of a discussion are not relevant in open session, not to mention privileged.
NM Senator speaking up for America. THANK YOU Sen Heinrich.
@MartinHeinrich we are so proud to have an intelligent, go for the truth Senator! Thank You! @AbqIndivisible @ABQJournal
Sorry dude. the hoax is over. Coats said he was not pressured.
3 1/2 more years of this bs
Oh man that was certainly a yes!!
Under any circumstances resembling normalcy, the answer should have been "of course not."
@yA_Boi_2SWAYZE
"Are you cheating on your wife?"
"I feel it would be inappropriate to answer that in public forum."
"So... yes?"
@alanilagan @MSNBC a bunch of pussies (sorry)
They disrespected the Americans and the senators who sought to get honest answers. They don't deserve their jobs or any respect from us .
To get a paycheck this guy is unwilling to answer the question smh
This isn't important it's just a clip based on a Democrat Dog & Pony show that shills like you can make a big deal abt.
This is some "The Hill" level digging.   Good job man.
Everyone is in on it!  The Russians have bought most of the GOP and WH!  #ImpeachTrumpnow
@teemo2006 @MSNBC since he admitted that it wasn't classified, ask him in closed session, then tell us his answer
I think he was rude, arrogant and NM is ashamed of him
trump and Coats went over what his answers should be at dinner in the WH
was he there too??? I heard cotton & rubio went to dinner w/tRUMP
oh maybe not... I confused Coats w cotton.
s'ok, so much crap everyday keeps us on our toes, I had to look it up, I was also confused... I do believe that is the goal... confusion
Scared of losing their jobs!! Scared of Trump!
Americans mean shit to them!
Thank you for your relentless effort to inform the American People of the Truth 
Stench!
These people are cowards for refusing to answer simple questions! Sick!
Pretty hard to hear this, isn't it #TrumpTrain?  Your boy is in a world of trouble because #TrumpLies like it's a bodily function.  #lies
He did say No.... atleast 5 different times to 3 different senators.  How many ways can you say the word NO!!!
Bound by executive priviledge but does not dispute the fact that Trump asked him to pushback on the FBI probe - TicToc TicToc
Coats is basically pleading to be able to testify in a closed session rather than answer publicly
What #Coats lets slip: 
"When there r ongoing investigations, I think it's inappropriate"
to say if Trump asked him 2blunt #Flynn investig.>
>IOW, #Coats's BASIS 4not answering simple yes-or-no Q ("Did Trump ask u 2blunt Flynn investig?) is it wd interfere w/ongoing investigs.>
>IOW Coats provides IC confirmation (specif'ly fr DNI) tht FBI or #SpecialCounsel is investigat'g Trump 4 #ObstructionOfJustice.
#Russiagate
He says he won't share any discussions he had with the President.  That means there WAS a discussion. There's something to not share.
He should be held in contempt.
Very telling. Especially as DNI claims investigations will*clear things up, while refusing to cooperate w/committee investigating. Circlular
Heinrich skewered him.  Asked exactly the question I wanted to hear, which was "don't you think the American people deserve to know?"
Correct if wrong, but he basically just said the substance of the convos will come out in Mueller's invest. So we wait. It won't b 2 long.
This whole thing is cassic CYA! If any of 4 had said WP's article w true in open forum THEY cld be charged for "leaking" classified info.
Unreal.
The old guy has the balls to stand his ground! Good for him! #MAGA
Volumes indeed! With a refusal to say "no", he gave his answer answer, as did Adm Rogers.
Only important if you've got nothing
Since when is "inappropriate" grounds for refusing to answer?
@TheDweck @MSNBC desperately wants to use the word classified and can't. Also there is no legal reason not to answer questions
Heinrich made a complete ass of himself and embarrassed New Mexico.
Cause it happen they can't say no then it would be lying here. This is old school math 1+1=3
Keep reaching lol. Down goes the already sinking Libtard ship. Down, Down they go
He implicitly admits that such a conversation took place. hahaha
They are clearly withholding information that they know will come out of the current investigation by Mueller.That buys them time in office
So, Mr Coats, is discretion the better part of valor or are you the Cowardly Lion? #ReputationAtRisk   #GoodJobSenHeinrich
Sen Burr didn't feel need to call his male colleague out for interrupting. Not so with female senator @KamalaHarris. So sick of this shit!
So what Coates is saying is that the conversation did happen.  Easy to read btwn those lines!
I feel the need to stop paying the salary of these guys.
Excellent work today considering what you were up against! Keep chipping away that wall! #TheTruthWillComeOut #TheResistanceAreHeroes
All four of you are cowards.
1/2 Many upset with #SenateIntelHearing. Was frustrating. One thing: witnesses denied being "directed", but did not respond to being "asked"
2/2 "Directed" & "asked" are crucially different. As per above, Coats could have said no and vindicated Trump. He did not.
Do these men not realize that they work for the people of America? When the people who employ you ask a question we want a real answer.
I almost feel bad for Coats. He seemingly wants to do the right thing.
He can't say anything because he can't answer "No" honestly.
One of them is privy to the communications with @POTUS and the intel

Important? 
This was telling.Did they feel pressured? Nope! Was anything asked of them?Hmmm. Credible folks don't feel pressure, they do the right thing
theyr both still on the clock so said what they could to imply "yes he did"
"I think the investigations will determine that"
Um, is that not exactly what this is? Why does he think he is before the committee?
Ok, so based on this exchange i would infer that they (Trump & Coates) have had such conversations
Share and share a like! Coats' is a perfect yes man for Trump.
What a wuss. He was pressured by that manipulative orange demonic grifter
Bottomline, there is a massive cabal of guilty ppl who need to be brought to justice - they don't want to screw that up.
I agree!
Theory - all have been well advised. Public disclosure will give away too much to the legions of ppl caught in this net.
"The investigations will determine that"?! Doesn't that determination depend on questions actually being answered...during investigation?!
He just said yes, and he is a Rusky.
https://twitter.com/trumpaboard/status/872502964962963460 …
@kylegriffin1 @MSNBC
Coats & Rogers, "I have NEVER, then #libs insist tht they disclose private classified info so tht LIBS can decide for themselves!
Insanity! https://twitter.com/trumpaboard/status/872471662574264320 …
POTUS's (aka Captain Chaos) Twitter thumbs should be getting a workout shortly.
He will probably blame them for not having openly lied under oath, and if he's mad enough he will hopefully make another 5 year old blunder.
It's working out to be kind of a nice formula. POTUS throws a tantrum, we get more information.
The White House sure seems to have a lot of important guys by the throat. I really hope that Mr. Mueller can blow the lid off this thing.
They could have just said NO....dodging is irritating

Coats explaining nonresponse

“Just because it’s published in the Washington Post, doesn’t mean it’s now no longer classified.”
…
such a game on some level / a serious game, but still a game ... not familiar with this senator but making me catch notice
Shit show, can't answer a simple yes or no question, makes them look bad.
Coats needs to find out if there where any recordings before he tells what the president said to him. # firstcoverbutthancoverpresidentsbutt
Pounding themselves in the ass and looking like hypocrites than working to make America great....pathetic on all levels
Just in liberal senators pressure and conversate with intelligence officials to influence Russia investigation.....liberals spend more time
Libs KEEP spinning #fakenews, turn from "pressure" to "ask!"
Never is Never!
https://twitter.com/trumpaboard/status/872471662574264320 …
@kylegriffin1 @BlackPillHumor @MSNBC
BREAKING: Coats & Rogers state in open hearing that they have NEVER been PRESSURED by ANYONE, including @Potus, to alter an investigation! 
It was damned frustrating. Is there a reason we waste taxpayer dollars on public hearings which provide no information to the public?
your all a bunch of liars, co-conspirators in the longest largest greatest plot to undermine our Democracy and the American people
Isn't it crazy that liberals just can't get past "I have NEVER!"
https://twitter.com/trumpaboard/status/872471662574264320 …
@kylegriffin1 @MSNBC 
#hearing #trumprussia
BREAKING: Coats & Rogers state in open hearing that they have NEVER been PRESSURED by ANYONE, including @Potus, to alter an investigation! 
They are protecting 45 at all costs-SHAMEFUL
They all said tht they had "never been pressured or asked to do anything illegal!"Liberal confusion?
@kylegriffin1 @BlackPillHumor @MSNBC
This very video contradicts your laughable  conclusion, but whatever. Seems you have some serious issues with basic truth.
He evoked Executive Privilege without calling it that. Looks like we're in for a long fight. Watergate took two years.
These cowards are a disgrace. They would rather protect themselves n Donald Trump than protect the Constitution, our Republic, or our people
DNI Coats refuses to confirm or deny that the POTUS asked him to obstruct justice, because he doesn't believe the public has a right to know
Come clean liars.
Is it self incriminating?  Does he need to get locked up per Flynn Rules?
Coats et al are now part of the cover up just like Nixon's henchmen.
Smart move - he's begging for a subpoena so he can tell Trump he has no choice but to answer the questions...
that is such a fucking arrogant response - who does he think he works for???
wish I could share that clip! He stumbles thru his response. Clear indication he is lying. Not prepared, caught
Their body language tells us everything
Charge him with Contempt of Congress for failing to answer questions.
“I don’t care how you ‘felt’...not asking whether you felt pressured...simply asking, did that conversation occur?” Great question!
Oh, I see you won't answer the damn question, well,
perhaps you can take your "feelings"
Mr Coates and selectively 
shove them way up....
Everything about @realDonaldTrump is inappropriate so go ahead and confirm what we already know without hesitation 
Of course you won't include that they both said that they never felt any pressure whatsoever from the executive branch
Give em hell Angus!!!
Glad  one member of the committee has the patriotic responsibility to ask the difficult questions.
So he's claiming executive privilege on behalf of Drumpf?
Looks like a cover up
Bigly!
"Investigations will determine that",gives hope of truths reveal, possibly.
This is just more stalling & deflecting, this time brought by DNI Director Coats & NSA Director Rogers, instead of Trump, Nunes, Spicer, etc
GENERAL PUBLIC!!!  THAT SPEAKS VOLUMES!

WaPo is FAKE NEWS

Coats: "never felt pressure to intervene or interfere in any way" w/ongoing investigation. 
Wondering how much money it takes for "good" men to betray their country and its citizens.
They're  not good. They're not even "good". They would be traitors for selling the country... at any price.
Your headline is a lie. #fakenews
that would be a "yes"
#coverup
Knowing McCabe's wife Jill, accept donations from Terry / Clinton it's hard to believe anything he says as truthful
LOL, Daily Mail.... can you find a reputable source?
Coates stuttering is clear tell of lying.
Well they know what they need to say to protect the WH.Big victory today for Don trump.get ready for the fake news tweets.
wonder if Coats and Rogers have any Business Deals with Russia?
In fact, I wonder if anyone serving in US Congress have any financial dealings with Russia.
Heinrich & King were great.
I have a great Senator. @MartinHeinrich
Yes!!! He & King are hammering!
Ahhh his response is extremely interesting as he cited the ongoing investigations as a factor in him being unable to provide a Yes/No answer
What do you mean by important? Just curious Kyle. 
Coward
They do realize this makes them look like stooges, right?
It goes both ways
Where's Comey?
Funny , didn't the 'general public' technically elect @POTUS? Don't these people realize that they work for us?
Technically the electoral college elected POTUS
These are the guys who are supposed to protect us? BLOODY CIRCUS.
Hopefully Trump will tweet something confirming he is proud of how they stood up for him, exposing even more truth about coverups.
The oath requires to tell ALL the truth. By refusing to answer that question, he clearly didn't abide by his oath. I think this indicts him.
Would they be allowed to refuse to answer that question if asked by a judge ? Or would it be considered obstruction of Justice ?
Answer the fucking question.
When you try to can't keep your lie together
It stinks! Walks like a duck quacks like a duck!
Heinrich nails Coats. Very effective.
Never heard of this senator before but heck we want more of him grilling these guys.
Heinrich is from NM. He stands up for our state & the country. Big on environment, education, health care & the economy. Go Martin!  
I am perplexed and the refusal of answers to some pretty easy questions...who is gagging them?
White house refuses to invoke exec priv bc they weren't going to testify anyways
So Pence is the smart one from Indiana? #Coats
Yeah I'm listening now. Not sure what's going on. They are all acting very dodgy
enjoy the disrespectful witch hunt.
Boom. The non answer is the answer. He was asked " you could simply say the conversation did not happen"...Coats refused.
Fascinating and not in a good way.
Seems like Coats wants to say something but just can't bring himself to do it
I read as sen. forcing Coats to admit it's an ongoing investigation, confirming that Mueller is working to nail 45 for obstruction.
What is the point of these investigations if they refuse to answer basic questions?
my god i almost died of frustration watching that
Sen. Heinrich and Sen.King are like the WWF Four Horsemen when they lock an opponent in a cage match and use chairs on them. fantastic!
Yes, thankful king is from my state and exgovernor. He certainly should be a role model for politicians, very upstanding, caring person
Simply refusing to say no just opened up a can of worms
"Did you see your boss rob the store?",  "Um, I can't comment on that".   Republicans:"SEE HE IS INNOCENT!!"
Why are these people trying to protect Trump so badly? What does he have on them?
Fired one of them so fear of been fired  have a real weight.
That's my senator!
Just as Warner said, refusal to answer yes or no speaks volumns
Jesus. What is he protecting?  His job?  Attacks from Russia?  Trumps not worth it so WHY IS HE DOING THIS?
DNI Coats silence speaks volumes. We need to know what Trump ask him do. Certainly he can deny or confirm. #TrumpRussia
"Integrity! We don't need no stinkin integrity!"

Says the members before Senate panel today.
Smells like collusion or coordinated response
We are totally going to get tweets/claims from Trump that he testified Trump never asked him to interfere no matter how clear distinction is
They have been conditioned to think that telling to the truth comes at a grave cost to our national security.They are soldiers  #TrumpRussia
He's making a Herculean task to not say, Yes.
He's in a tight spot.
Henrich was good. He really tried. Is it me or are they all blubbering when answering.
It's not you. They are.
I read it as forcing Coats to admit that he couldn't answer b/c of ongoing investigation, confirming 45 is being nailed for obstruction.
