Thanks so much for trying Mr. Heinrich. We in NM & around the US (& globe) appreciate the efforts of the few sane ppl left in DC.Don't stop!
Hello! We Corgi moms and sane ppl (not always one and the same I'm afraid) must stick together! #CorgiMom
Scout was an accident at birth. His parents & siblings are Rat Terriers, a Corgi snuck in!
Ears, eyes, body & Ratter legs!
Scout says hiya!!
Testifying under oath doesn't mean a thing to the Trumps. They've all been caught lying under oath & they get away with it.
Lets put all of them in a lie detector machine
IT IS USELESS, HE WILL LIE UNDER OATH.
Yes, he will; but some of those lies will end up proven to be lies. #Perjury
Lie under oath -> impeach. Sound like a plan? Or, he *remembers nothing*, lol, and is not fit to serve. ;)
Everyday you must ask yourself, What would McConnell do? and DO IT, relentlessly. Dems don't have a msg? How about WE WILL GET RID OF HIM
He'll never testify
What do you know! Spill the frijoles!
We have seen the Presidents compulsive lies! All the people around him lie per his direction. Sessions worst of all!
We can only hope. Trump has boxed himself in: No tapes means he lied. Tapes that don't back him up means he lied. Whoops.
Comey made +$6 million in between DOJ and FBI at a military contractor. Push legislation to end a revolving door politics and end war pls.
Please state your commitment 2 fighting 4 medicare 4 all!  Russia undermining our democracy by showing DNC corruption is getting old. THX
What makes you think he won't get up and lie under oath?  I am a public defender and see it all the time in court.
Thanks Senator for asking relevant Q's , for the GOP, it's party over country.
Please focus on doing your job. It is time to fix healthcare and enact a budget.
Well, you know #TheOrangeTerror is lying if his lips are moving.
Trump has lied under oath, it's not a big deal to him. To Comey, adult boy scout, it's not okay. Let Trump lie under oath, then impeach him.
Lynch used the DOJ as an arm of the Clinton campaign. Trump hate is a distraction. Martin should push COMPLETE public financing of elections
Be tough we are with you!
I hopebut he knows he can say what ever he wants (lie) now, play delay game, create distraction, then refuse to testify- 5th
I think you need to invite him to come before your nice friendly little committee. For 'a meeting without coffee'.   
Does the lying just come naturally to Trump or did his Russian handlers teach him how?
Doesn't matter if he does It's still he said he said. Left=Comey support, right=Trump. Still doesn't seem bipartisan. Why? #countryoverparty
.@realDonaldTrump is a pathological liar. he will lie under oath. then what? no 1 has done anything as yet. he lies. WH staff swears 2 it.
Comey was meticulous abt telling the truth to the best of his ability. Trump will have zero problem with lying. I think it will destroy him.
YOUR questions brought 4th some of the most compelling new info of Comey's testimony-that @POTUS NEVER met/inquired re Russian interference!
When you're the man sayin' so...
ask him to do a voluntary polygragh please
He will lie....
Make it happen.
He has no conscious, he'll lie, & the GOP will back him up! 

We're living in a parallel  universe.
Can we ask for a polygraph for him? Something tells me that "Under Oath", means nothing to him
POTUS also lied at the same press conference that he said Comey lied, when asked if spoke of visa waiver Trump said "no" & Romania said yes
Correction over 8 hundred million, from fanny may threw the justice department to accounts set up for 3 party anti american groups
Bring him an orange jumpsuit. He'll need it after he commits perjury.
Your spidey sense is way off.
When Obama commited treason , stole over 8hundred billion , spied illegaly on US citizens , you turned your backs, you're all hypocrites
trump will lie
Come on, Man! "HE'S NEW TO THIS!" The great @SpeakerRyan said to give him a break & let him learn the ropes! OK?!!? #TheEndOfDays #Help
In addition to the important Russia questions - when you get Trump under oath - can you ask him about covfefe?
he'll lie anyway. It means nothing to a malignant narcissist.
And he'll lie under oath and not think twice
I am going to predict that he won't testify without subpoena despite him saying he will testify. What's one more lie on top of the 400 plus?
You know he's going to lie, don't you? Who is going to hold him accountable?
Pants on fire
thank you Senator for your work.
So are all these tweets from your staff?
He just said we will disappointed abt the tapes, prob aren't any. He lied,  again.
How do we ensure republicans stay on task & not ask useless questions giving him a pass. Again.
Comey respects oaths, & our foundations. Trump, not so much. Lying for trump is like swatting a fly, instinct.
Thank you, Sir!
If it happens, please don't let Republicans be successful in making it a short hearing.
We both know it's just a lie, which for some reason seems to be ok w/Congress.DT is a malignant narcissist at best, pre-alzheimers at worst.
He's not going to do it folks
This is a man who doesn't admit to errors or wrongdoing. He will lie under oath as readily as he lies to us every day.
Yeah!
I doubt that he would actually testify.
Senator why didn't the Dems call for intel heads that wouldn't answer your questions to be held in contempt of congress? #Questions4Comey
And subpoena his tax returns while you're at it.
Thank you for highlighting at Comey hearing that @realDonaldTrump never asked FBI about Russian interference in our democracy. All about him
Proven Lies: notice on Sessions refusal (already debunked by DOJ), timeline of leaked memo, never experienced obstruction (did with Lynch).
Yes, but he'll lie. The oath, like the truth, will mean nothing to @realDonaldTrump , a lifelong pathological lair.
And he will lie. And GOP will say he is just learning to tell the truth - he's new at this honesty thing.
I'll say.....
He will lie under oath. Potus believes the truth is whatever he says it is.
Trump, the malignant narcissistic sociopath is upset that Comey stole the spotlight.
Please please please make it so. Tell him it will have the best ratings ever.
Loved @MartinHeinrich at the hearing. President Heinrich 2020 (But we might have to do something about that last name, sounds a bit WW2ish).
Great job on your questioning by the way!
Thank you for your questions. I believed Mr. Comey and I take the Russian threat seriously
Thank you @MartinHeinrich
Why? GOP members will stroke his hair, he'll lie about specific people & things & Breitbart / InfoWars / Fox headlines: VINDICATED!
It cannot happen soon enough.
Can a sitting president be forced to testify? Honest question
bill clinton
Was he forced or did he do it of his own will?
listened to his lawyers- didn't invoke the 5th
Probably wont need to when he releases the tapes...
Makes sense to you now?
When pigs fly.
Fear of god and/or penalty is ridiculous. 
One is a joke, the other requires proof.
And it will be the greatest testimony. The best ever. Way better than Comey.  Everyone will say so.
lol
Think your meant “will get his chance to lie under oath"
He'll just lie and GOP will do nothing about it
Sociopaths like Trump do not care about consequences so "under oath" is meaningless to this lying POS.
oh please... oh please... oh please....    and he has tapes... so he can do show and tell.
Yup.
