So, we spend billions to arrest, process, house, feed, transport 800,000 DACA's thru out wrld n all these nations r ok w/receiving 10,000's?
How in the world does that make sense? Steal $113 billion/year for the last 10 years for ILLEGALS for a wild guess at income! @ABQJournal
Trump requests 70 foreign wrkr visas for Mar-a-Lago during "Made in America" week, so we deport 800,000 DACA's raised in USA n import wrkrs?

Past acts of compassion have backfired.  They C compassion as weakness & abuse every kindness.  Emboldened by Dem support 4 illegal votes.
https://youtu.be/_ZkxEXgMvsI . GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT!! Majority of these people are over 20 yrs old.Get in line and apply for citizenship. FACT
#EndDACA Give jobs to the 4Mill unemployed citizens in their age range who won't use fake docs (identity fraud) to steal from USA
#Deport
This is nothing but a political ploy to get Dems elected.
When did you SWAG the $280 bil? The program is already $565 Billion in the hole. Why you chose Politics over business. @ABQJournal @TheFive
You've Stolen a Trillion Dollars from every US Citizen to give ILLEGALS instead of helping Citizens! @ABQJournal @CrucesSunNews @TheFive
How much would your friends @PPact benefit from selling their aborted baby parts
@MartinHeinrich DACA are illegal. No illegals wanted here.  Ship them back to their country of origin with their parents. Need jobs for USA.
Your # are a lie.DACA illegal workers will be replaced with REAL AMERICAN WORKERS
Democrat Senator Menendez on Trial for Screwing under age "Dreamer" Hookers but Marty could care less!
It's not heartless! It's a humane way of forcing Congress to do their job instead of dragging them along with an illegal executive order.
Remember, even Obama said that it was only a temporary fix that is not legal, and Congress should do their job to fix it.
Let's go over this slowly so you can understand: Obama put this illegal executive order in play as a temporary fix.
It is not the job of the President to circumvent congress on an immigration matter liket his. Understand?
All you want is there money and votes. #heartless
A true bot!
And list votes even if illegal...
The law is the law.  We are a nation of laws.  Democrats voted against daca under obama #hypocrites
Then do your job and get immigration reform done or do we need someone in your place that can.  Ending illegal DACA is right.
headline should read: Senseless President @realDonaldTrump Does Not Understand DACA & Repeals It Because He is a BIGOT #ImpeachTrump #Resist
Start supporting your commander-in-chief instead of criticizing. He knows what he's doing, he's a successful businessman, unlike you
Your at fault.  What about the legal dreamers who are not working.  Take a stance .. Vote our do nothing politicians out of office.
Okay Reps. you want 2 end DACA while you're selling the cartel weapons U ride with the cartel wild trying 2 drop off the dreamers true that!
How do you get lost taxes if 80% don't work the have a free ride in college?
Ending DACA is the right and moral thing to do. No other country would tolerate illegals in their country. SHIP THEM TO COUNTRY OF ORIGIN.
So get to work senator! Trump put the ball in your court. Guess you're going to have to do your job for a change #Puppet
Pack your bags and go with them
You guys and your numbers crack me up
Appalled,Protesting Dreamer told media,"there will B blood".  Dreamers think they have civil war status.  Not even citizen!  DACA ends now.
Regan gave 3M illegals amnesty, now we deal w/36M?  Compassion is seen as weakness.  They abuse kindness & overrun country.  law breakers!
That's a damn lie... ppl without social security #s don't pay taxes you dope... you think they call the IRS ohhh by the way I owe you this $
Dems had 8 yrs to ligitimize DACA.  They did not, because they assumed Hillary's win.  They use illegal votes, trade citizenship 4 loyalty.
Dems have lost their American voter base.  This is their attempt to keep illegal voters, under guise of compassion.  Replace citizen votes!
No room for emotions in Constitution or rule of law.  Compassion in past, has been abused, seen as weakness & exasperated problem.   No DACA
He's gonna "deal" you DACA for wall funding. Beware.
Don't know where you get your numbers from.  Maybe you need to take an eagles approach instead of the mouse in grass
Approx. 1300 trained military will be sent away.  Shoot yourself in the foot mr president.
Ya same old bullshit as they suck off of society
Tell the whole truth.  This is what they cost us broke down by state. #Liar
This is how conservatives pay down the Natl. debt  we are in for a long melt down
Which presidents granted amnesty?
IRC Act of 1986—signed by President Reagan granted amnesty 2 about 3 million illegal immigrants in US.
When parents immigrate legally, their children get the gifts of a good example by obeying the law and a future free of deportation fears.
In all reality Democrats could've fix this in 08 but you pushed for healthcare instead & it's failing. Work across the aisle so u can #MAGA
Why was this illegal skirting not fixed constitutionally in last 8 years then. Complete BS You know it, and every US citizen knows it.
The Dems tried to fix it multiple times.  The GOP kept killing it.
Racists don't understand logic
What a load of crap. What's heartless is letting dreamers hang in the wind while u play blame game instead of working to fix the problem.
Right. All those kids were, was a tax payer. Then what? Huh?  2 years then keep applying, for what?
Another perspective.
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/aug/3/illegal-immigrants-cost-taxpayers-750-billion-over/ …
Then help them actually become citizens.  We  must those separation.
Yet you had 4 years under Obama and now 8 months under Trump, plus an extension of 6months it's your job to fix it not his.
When parents choose to involve their children in illegal immigration,don't they give their children all the benefits of an uncertain future?
Isn’t it ironic that we have all of these elected officials in Washington fighting for illegal aliens in our country?
The Atlantic is nothing but a CNN #FakeNews mouthpiece, so please.
Another democrat giving lip service for votes!  DACA was illegal and all Obamas Executive Orders need to be removed at one time @HouseGOP
How? It's back in congress where it belongs, they 8months to fix, and if it's not fixed the President will revisit the issue. So again, How?
You should be directing this comment to @BarackObama He set them up for a fail years ago!!

Bull crap 
I know Dems consider the law "optional" but many of us prefer to see laws followed. If this was important to you you'd have already passed 1
http://www.judicialwatch.org/press-room/press-releases/homeland-security-documents-reveal-dhs-abandoned-required-illegal-alien-background-checks-to-meet-flood-of-amnesty-requests-following-obamas-deferred-action-for-childhood-arrivals-directive/amp/ …
DACA was a temporary solution. YOU are now obliged to find a permanent solution.
Y'all will lie about anything
Blah blah blah. Form an immigration policy, do your job.
Shouldn't need to use economics as a reason to keep Dreamers, moral and ethical reasons should be enough, thanks for fighting for DACA!
They're not fighting for DACA. They're fighting for own interests! Pres Trump fighting to get DACA into law. That's how US is supposed to Wk
Illegals steal take jobs from American citizens!  By ending daca trump created 800,000 more new job's for American citizens! God bless #45
Ending an unconstitutional executive order?
Grant YS citizenship to Dreamers; they were raise in America & thoroughly vetted by DACA program.  #Citizenship4Dreamers
Maybe if we can fix the corrupt welfare and SNAP program, (certain lazy) Americans can refill these spots.
using traitor slanders and his mob to wage a war of lies against me was heartless and made no economic sense. Now you suffer.
