@ChrisEvans @CNN  those two criminals should be hanged publicly. Compromised traitors.
And what needs to happen if Sessions lied during his confirmation hearings? We keep a lying AG? #russiagate
And L Lynch w/ her mtg w/ BC in Phoenix. Live in DC  but have 2 discuss grandkids & golf in
prosecute McCain for working with Isis
wtf lol working with nazis ok. Tinfoil is on sale go stock up
so everyone you disagree with is a nazi and your a communist? Ok got it
there is no IF its in PICS ..he DID ..
No ifs ands or buts. Special Prosecutor NOW. Trump-Russia ties are national security issue. #resist
No one believes CNN anymore.
good,it's time they start saying the truth about Trump and all the good things he's done for the American people
@MichaelKeaton @CNN That's right get a special prosecutor and find out just how corrupt the Dems are.
SESSIONS MUST RESIGN IMMEDIATELY AND FACE PERJURY CHARGES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
former MI-6 Steele's investigation/dossier must be allowed to proceed..he has ALWAYS proved to be credible

and what about when the head of the fbi is getting paid off by the same ppl hes suppose to prosecute? 
u idiots wont let it go, the left need 2 rub their asses n preparation H so your but stops hurting, get over it and get it done
Whenever you want someone to do your Trump-bashing for you, he's your boy.
if Sessions spoke with Russian diplomat, he perjured himself in Congressional confirmation hearings
Sessions must resign immediately and face perjury prosecution...not a Democrat or GOP issue at all
didn't happen, too bad for you
@fmanjoo @CNN but isn't perjury a criminal offense? Shouldn't he resign / be fired?
he answered the questions presented, sorry you didnt like the answers
So frustrating. No one's going to do anything. Republicans are in control at every level.
That's because the Dems lost. Remember?
It's your side that got there by colluding with a hostile foreign power, not mine. Remember that.
@ChrisEvans @CNN Of course he did, it was part if his job
@kjohnson111166 @CNN Not 2 sure what these two are up to.
@maggieNYT @CNN It's a Fake News hit piece story in WaPo on Sessions. Several WaPo stories have been proved false already
Since when has any WaPo story been deemed false? Gets YOUR facts straight! #resist
to prosecute what?
@MichaelKeaton @CNN big deal Sessions is a decent American
@MichaelKeaton @CNN uh oh
Nonsense! Hillary's campaign actually DID talk to the Russians during the election. Maybe they should be prosecuted
@ChrisEvans Y would that be questionable? There is nothing BUT perjury since Jan. Y do we stand for it? Y no justice? #impeach
.@CNNPolitics Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal
And this is relevant to Sessions lying under oath because? Deflecting won't work.
we need to keep sessions. Anyone willing to go after the DC pedos is a stand up guy. I don't care who he spoke to.
Sessions recused himself.  That is an admission that he lied.
YES,a Bi-partisan Committee,w/ no connections to DJT.The only way to investigate Trump
yeah right the good old boys club is back
If Trump and his surrogates had dismissed Russian tie as fake news, truly, it is REAL NEWS.
We need one on YOU and McCAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
At least he is consistent--always seeking ways to damage the party while not a clue about which he is speaking.
Why is this even a discussion? Where's decisive action when it's called for?
Jeff, Tramp and and his entire family should be in investigated for what kind of dill they have with the KGB Putin
yea right
Would the Prosecutor be required for investigate Graham and McCain for their secret meetings with the Russians
We most definitely need a special prosecutor.
Wow, for sure. Was Hillary really working for the Russians?
-will Sergei Kislyak be the next Russian to 'die' under mysterious circumstances, after being recalled to Moscow?
trump and the GOP needs to stop talking about the election result it is so last year. Do your job and drain the swamp
BS again, well done CNN you guys tend to be good at not checking the facts,
if Jeff Sessions met with the Ambassador during the uproar why didn't he mention Russian interference?
@ChrisEvans @CNN thank you ... truth
McCain  you have sold your soul and dance with the Devil and his Minions.  I once voted for you,  so disappointed.
If If If. Get busy and prove one way or the other!  #TheResistance
Graham met with ISIS. Clapper lied under oath and u expect us to believe this nonsense.
we're bickering over outsiders(Russia) exposing despicable Demobrats actions. There is Honor in exposing the hypocrites.
Graham is a traitor to our country so is cnn.I think you need to talk to the democrats on how many of them met with Russian's
That is a shitty post.  It makes it look like graham said that whole sentence and he didn't.
Rhinos that are mad they did win presidency.
No. Graham says, "if X finds Y, then Z." X is FBI investigates, Y is FBI finds "something there," THEN Z is "Spc prosecutor."
follow the money
@donald_t_rump @CNN There isn't an active brain cell between McCain and Graham!
you are from Alabama, so I immediately dismiss everything you say.  But for the support!!!! #maga
Let's also look into Sen McCain - he was endorsed for President by his former North Vietnamese prison guard. Something fishy...
Sessions needs to resign he lied under oath Call Your Senators & Congress today & demand he RESIGN  #trumpRussia
we need to start one w Hillary
saya nak tahu
Not sure why Mr Graham and Mr McCain think they are relevant, after being rejected by the people, troublemakers!! #trump
He said IF it is shown that something criminal happened - then a special prosecutor should be appointed.
I watched the video and the tweet is an inaccurate account of what was said.
No one has lied and no crime has been found...you liberal with your fake news is getting old.
ha ha killery still lost, what does it mater anyway, get over it
We the people of the United States are not blind to crooks. Make Hillary President!
Just tell like it is. The whole Trump clan are a conspiracy to Russia and we need to take them out and put Hillary in.
Trump, Sessions, et al, act like they're in DC good ol boys club & don't have to b serious or answer for anything. Power-drunk!
- Not what he said. Liars. #fakenews
Headline is misleading. Not what he said! Intentional distort @FCC
people forget so easy what happened with Hillary C. Every liberal defending her. But GOP are sellouts... disgusting
here we're go the two stooges. Sellouts the liberal media loves this 2 idiots. Why they call republicans? Rhinos 
FAKE NEWS ALERT...I watched this & CNN is leaving out a huge part of the text...more lying. CNN more dangerous than Russia.
It is not politics it is fake loving and imagining that they can chop head of one of the most recognised  USA President
he needs to resign
IF? Yes he did and it's now time to stop talking about and just get it done already!
in 2000 Jeff Sessions made argument that an independent prosecutor is needed for 2017 Jeff Sessions #sessionsperjury
my God, as a senator doing his job, not about the campaign
and you don't just forget an encounter with a Russian Ambassador a Senate hearing. Really??? Playing DUMB won't work.
Something "smells" and it ain't the coffee.
I didn't hear Graham say the words "If Jeff Sessions spoke with Russian diplomat" in this video, as you tweeted
these 2 traitors. Who in their right mind would ask these 2 George Soros puppets  any thing. # corrupt # liars
Don't you need 3 GOP senators to make that happen? The public knows you're giving Trump a pass. It'll cost you votes.
fake news next headline Tupac and Elvis spotted at Disney land
I can't believe I'm agreeing with #LindsayGraham and #JohnMcCain. Politics really does make strange bedfellows.
Then start investigating ANYONE who talks to a Russian Amb. including C.McCaskill and others.
yeah THINK? 45 only stated his fondness of Putin Russia during many campaign stops, victory tours,and pep rallies in FL
wow misleading headline again, how can anyone trust you
Carter Page is lying on MSNBC interview right now! What the hell is wrong with him! He acted like a joker!
"Potus" and all his lies and all the President's men are be outed!  The TRUTH will come out! The cabinet is a disgrace!
#VeryFakeNews
This is anonymous wordpress blog level lying, CNN. Jesus, he didn't say this. The headline is totally made up. smdh.
ashamed of him from my state
Lindsey go home
Wow it's the Soros twins. Another reason for Term Limits.
IMO two Senators are two of the finest Americans. Disagree with them. But true patriots.
No shit Sherlock.
Nothing but fake misleading news
No telling what else has he lied about in the past.
Thank you Graham maintain your integrity.
Just thin, now Sessions can be a guest of those private prisons he just re instituted ...

*~G\?;O)
Never thought I'd agree with Lindsay Graham!
does anyone want to know the TRUTH? @POTUS or @VP shame on you both, for your blatant dishonesty! Fake news my Ass #Fake45
No doubt Trump is up to his eyeballs in this conspiracy and cover-up AND his son-in-law too!
well, we'll well, Sessions recused himself this afternoon - must be something to it or he wouldn't have done so.
@jawja100 @CNN Excuse me...How about jailtime for committing perjury??Can't get anymore criminal than that as an ATTORNEY GRAL!
never in million years would I think @LindseyGrahamSC would be my hero
twin traitors
Graham has voted 100% with Trump! So put up or shut the f up! @LindseyGrahamSC
What a fake headline! Clear for all to hear on the video that is not what he said. You really want a Pulitzer bad!
@jljacobson @CNN Of course he needs to be kicked out, prosecuted,.. but we're not going to do it
Looks like da whole Cabinet is infected, lol! Wonder who's next! 
Misleading headlines=FAKE NEWS
Lindsey and Songbird are Trump haters. I did not watch this as I have never watched CNN and I never will.Songbird financed lies
Actually let's just save some tax payers money and accept his resignation! #GreedyGOP #BigFatLiar#RESIST#Revolt #DumpTrump
Let's have a special prosecutor to determine of Lindsay Graham lied about his sexual orientation while in the military.
I love Sen graham.
Senator sessions is a honest man. So is our
President.
hillary... saudi $$$$ where is your outrage.. emails.. pedophiles.. 
what is wrong with him
Talking to him? Trump did not need Russia to win. Russia just hated hillary and obama.
How about just a prison cell, in the populous communities
Spoke with?? Really? Then I guess a lot of senators  better be recusing themselves!!! Is there one that hasn't spoke 2 1?
<--#veryfakenews you don't even try to get anything right, do you?
Lindsey Graham went to Bilerburg meeting in Germany. McCain ask russian ambassador for campaign donation in 2008
That's not what he said.
misquoted
That headline illustrates why Trump call CNN fake news. That's so misleading it's pathetic.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP I guess e-mails of @HillaryClinton r more important than @realDonaldTrump & cabinet treasonous acts
those GOP'S lies like hell. Clearly he had a big smirk on his face when answering and look @ the guy behind him. Corruptio
But but but Obama wore a tan suit that one time!!!!!
Thanks CNN For Keeping The Public Inform Keep Up The Good Work & BE SAFE GOD SPEED
hipocrites.  They tried to impeach President Clinton for the same perjury.
I still want to know where Giuliani is in all this remember the smirk about the Oct surprise.  He knew something!
Wait...IF??
McConnell&Ryan who gleefully use their patsy,Trump to enact their pet laws,rules,& judges,will stand with Sessions to the end.
liars. That's not what he said. I hate the Clinton news network
@LindseyGrahamSC THEN BACK UP YOUR WORDS, Senator Graham, and insist on a special prosecutor.  Sessions will cover up his lies.
I would tell Graham : "put your money where your mouth is".
Absolutely, so why is he not understanding this and step aside?
Misleading headline. #FakenewsCNN
No mention of McCain and Putin?  https://wikileaks.org/wiki/Russian_mission_On_Fundraising_Letter_from_John_McCain_Election_Campaign,_20_Oct_2008 …
well get on it! Wheres that select committee? This is ur Republican strength, Investigative Committees!
wow talk about based on a complete lie
why do you intentionally mislead? Graham said ..."IF CRIMINAL..." and you wonder why no one trusts you
..yes, because LG is a partime republican.  He hates Trump and it sometimes shows, like now.
@LindseyGrahamSC You are finally coming around to the seriousness of the trump scandal involving Russia. Sessions, Perjury.
Pelosi frankincense Schumer Obama Clinton's Warren round them up traitors citizens arrest is in order
When even these two tough talkers/no actioners are calling for a special prosecutor... @CNNPolitics @CoryBooker @CNN
u r simply lying and taking sessions words out of context.
@ChrisEvans @CNN  Will he resign?What's the White House's word on this?The whole Russian ordeal needs to be investigated, now!
why do you not use the whole quote from Sen. Graham your headlines are VERY misleading, more fake news!!
you need more than that #SessionsResignNOW
thanks lindsey
this is why nobody puts stock in you. Not what was said at all. You put it in quotes!! Did you even watch the video!?!
at it again CNN, totally misleading headline!
WOW more FAKE NEWS! Not what Graham said special prosecutor needed IF something criminal is found.
@cnnbrk @CNN Thats crazy. There hate for Trump will ruin a good man's career. What a dingbat. Vote him out please
I just had a conversation with a Russian diplomat CNN want this report my my am I in trouble  lol
Walk it, Stop Talking it @LindsayGrahamSC! I'm Sick of all the Bravado GrandStanding by you and McCain!#Resistance
-A republican speaking a sensible thought. Well done
Why do I keep hearing IF Blanche?
sessions needs to resign or be fired period.
Would you stop "investigating" yourselves and focus on the well-being of the country.
GOP aruments sund like "Yes dear I met my secretary at a motel but it was all business. Both times."
#VeryFakeNews 
@CNNPolitics #CNNTownHall
@CheriJacobus @CNN This is of course before he knew it was true.
@CheriJacobus @CNN keep drawing straws
@CheriJacobus @CNN very very very fake news
Jeff Sessions Is too high up the command to be held accountable.

I enjoyed this townhall. I may not agree with these two on everything esp:Obamacare but I love their clear eyes about Russia
I guess no one can talk to any Russian for now on or else you will be crucified by dems.
wow ca you be more misleading with this headline CNN??
You misquoted Graham.  Thats not what he said. Why dont you watch your own damn video?
@LindseyGrahamSC Comey gave a recommendation, not a decision. You have to start from the same place for the analogy to follow
