No, I think the @SenateDems need to quit acting like 3yr olds throwing a temper tantrum! @POTUS is YOUR President, Gorsuch is the nomination
So, objecting to unconstitutional blocking Garland and Trump committing treason is "tantrum?" Please.
The "problem" with liberals is that, unlike Republicans, we want majority of voters to decide elections, not foreign dictators and Jim Crow.
Wanting majority of voters to decide elections IS dictatorial!That is why our Founding Fathers created the Electoral College!Fair 4 all! DUH
Wanting voters to decide election is dictatorial? I'm not sure you know what a single one of those words means. Maybe lie down for a while.
I think you need to read up on just what a Constitutional Republic is, since you live in one.
And not sure you want to bring up Constitution in defense of a guy with unconstitutional business interests.
Stop with your fake objections to #Gorsuch It's so obvious what you're doing and people are tired of it.   GROW UP!
If selecting a #SCOTUS meant agreeing with every policy, no one would get nominated. Know your facts. It's not all about u #NuclearOption
I thought that was bogus and unfair as well.  He should of had a hearing and vote. Two wrongs don't make a right.
Well, then who's in the wrong. What happened to garland has a price. GOP won't always be in the majority.
Ship sailed... move on and get use to it
Hahahahaha, hilarious coming from a maga dude. "Move on" really means: I'm totally ok with breaking norms because I like the result.
RT if you agree that Dems shouldn't filibuster, and should give the people what they've voted for.  #WeVotedRepublicanGovt #GorsuchVote
The people? Don't you mean the electoral college?   Clearly, you are about 3 million short to speak for the people.
The people vote for the Electors, the Electors vote for President.
Except the people Reoublican voter suppression kept away from the polls. Democracy!!!
Voting rights should require an ID. Can you get on a plane without one?  Buy alcohol? Go into the White House? I think not.
You think not, but the Constitution disagrees. Therefore, I can safely assume you're a Republican.
Do you think there is no need for an ID.
Absolutely not.  The majority of Americans don't even vote.   We have never had an issue to give reason to even consider that.
No way. Stop obstructing
Yes get rid of trump he put us under water
But to late now.
Can't be mad if nuclear option is used when Dems created it....
Well they shouldn't be mad.  But they can be and are.
Life is hard.
True,  life is hard.  Life is harder if you are stupid. 
He he.
We "should change our nominee" if the left don't like him. These people become more unhinged and ridiculous every day! Their lives suck!
The @GOP uses the Biden rule and the Reid option... Why so mad Chicka? About time someone ended the democrat stupidity & corruption!
Gorsuch is too conservative, but he's replacing a conservative. Let's focus on making sure they don't have another chance.
Dems did it. Why should they go w a dem choice? They finally played like the Dems do. They gave Dems 2 radical activists Now 4 the Constitut
I'll only accept Garland. Anything less delegitimizes the court.
Yes! They found last night gorsuch is a plagerizer! In more then one instance!'
Why didn't Harry Reid think of that?
#GotSafeSpace? 
No surprise this is what the elite do when they are losing.
funny how all of the sudden the reupublicans show up and work? Too much nepotism between staff and senate,white house
The Dems forget the Biden rule as they trash Gorsuch. Funny how that seems to happen.
Answer: hilLIARY should be indicted.
This should had been done at the WHITE HOUSE
Ha ha ha ha ha! Now that is freaking hilarious!
Reps .. Your Right On ..
Lol.. too late.. deal is done, stupid
@TheDemocrats Republicans are in power. Live with it. They had to put up with traitor Obama for 8 years! Their turn thats it

Kagen is a left wing hack and Republicans voted for her as is customary we are the adults you libs are sick loons
What the Republicans did today was made possible by Harry Reid. This is YOUR legacy, and you deserve it.
if the Shoe were on the other foot You know Damn Well that the Democrats Would Change the Rules Post Haste
You changed the rules LOSERS.  Your party is going down the tubes.
I would actually be afraid of Trump's next choice. What is the worst of 2 evils?
Funny dems made the rule
Changing the rules will definitely put a stain on his nomination
I love how Democrats unanimously approved when Judge Gorsuch was appointed to the appellate court. Now all of a sudden they're against him.
So they idea is to pick someone dems will agree to?
You have got to be kidding!
No we want Gorsuch!! Stop trying to change rules.. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @TruthFeedNews @JudgeJeanine @KellyannePolls
There's nothing wrong with Gorsuch!All U care about is fighting with Pres.Trump!Ur Party unanimously voted 4 him a few years ago!HYPOCRITES!
Changing the rules is what y'all do then whine when it doesn't fit your desire 
What rules?
Garland was praised by both sides until President Obama nominated him. Ignoring Garland was pure spite. Must. Clean. House.
Couldn't ask for a better nominee.
While I agree that the rules should not be changed I also believe @TheDemocrats would have forced the same result regardless of who went up.
@TheDemocrats do it blow up the Democratic Party
@TheDemocrats Did you think this when Harry changed the rules?
How about no scotus - halt trump agenda - period until Russia investigation completed.
Can you say "Harry Reid"??
And the Dems would reciprocate? Come on man! No one is that stupid are they?
@TheDemocrats. I think the dems used the nuclear option in the lower courts didn't they. Both parties use the "system".
Would you as a Dem do that?
But Martin, you will act the same way towards the hypothetical next nominee. You Dems are children
Constitution trumps Senate rules. Oh, and Harry Reid called, he wants his 
#NuclearOption back. #Gorsuch
Dems changed the rules and like always it bites you liberals in the ass because you make decisions based on emotion
I believe that Democrats need to stop acting like whiny cry babies. It's time to act like adults and govern. PERIOD!
RT if you think Heinrich is a lemming who blindly follows the wishes of his party leaders.
Republicans confirmed 2 justices for Obama. Stop crying McFly. This is why we elected @POTUS
Thank you for my daily laugh. Hurts when stuff is thrown back in your face. #NuclearReid #NuclearOption
.@MartinHeinrich how about a judge, let's call him "Garrick Marland" @SenateMajLdr
Gorsuch the epitome of what a Supreme Court Justice should be.  Confirm now!
Only #MerrickGarland will do. They can't have cake, eat it & shit all in one place. Heaven can wait
Changing rules...bigger divide created!
Not happening lol liberal R criminals that haven't been caught yet liberals protect criminals over citizens #wethepeople #recallandreplace
I too am tired of your horseshit Martin. Grow up and engage your brain
It's painfully obvious what your real intentions are and my god am I sick of it
You changed the rules!
Um.....no.  Why are such bigoted views coming from Dems?  The prejudice & judgement against a most qualified candidate is suffocating.
Pffffft.
@Potus @FoxNews #ConfirmGorsuch and change the rules.  @TeamTrump @TheTrumpTrain @AmericaFirstPol
@GOP @GOPLeader @SenateGOP @HouseGOP they r forfeiting their seats, guess they want 2 be voted out so they can work 4 the co they represent
Should most definitely use nuke option to counter dirty politics by the Democratic(socialist) party aparatchiks
LOL...YOU CHANGED THE RULES BUDDY...NOW Live with them! As your pal Obama was fond of saying Elections do indeed have consequence
Garland wasn't even given a hearing. Gorsuch at least got that, and proved, on his own words, he is not worthy
Thank Schumer in 2007 said that said no Supreme Court justice should be picked in an election year.
No, you only oppose him because you know he will uphold the laws and not be corrupted like the rest of the people in your party.
Gorsuch is pro 2nd amendment, are you?
Don't change the rules change the nomination. Fight Martin fight!
All Dimms care about is obstruction! U  foul when voters spoke on Nov 8th. @Sen_JoeManchin @SenatorHeitkamp & @SenDonnelly R listening. 
lets be classy Martin that Harry Reid your old leader changed this rule , he is a democrat knock off the lying progressive
Your just getting pay back for Garland. This is totally party line politics and it will back fire in your face. Democrats are finished
Change the law? Why, so the Republicans can break it again? Stealing Obama's nomination was unconstitutional.
Martin, you and Chuch are so full of double standards it isn't funny.
Thank Harry Reid for changing the rules.
You tweeted you didn't want to approve any nominee due to potential Russia charges vs Trump, so what will a new nominee change #doublespeak
Didn't every other nominee in history have to reach a consensus? Why is he suddenly an exception? I remember others being turned away.
I think they should put up Merrick Garland- then pick who they want next time
Thank you for objecting to Gorsuch a plagerist and stolen seat!
there are no rules. The only rule is that if the fbi doesnt like you, they wage a war of lies against you for 30 years. fix that first.
No Nukes!
