AG Sessions is impeding this investigation. “Appropriateness” is not a legal standard.
If POTUS is not invoking executive privilege AG Sessions should be answering our questions. His silence speaks volumes.
Sessions *hopes* Trump will invoke executive privilege so he won't have to testify as to the level of his own pathetic guilt.
Except that Exec Priv DOES NOT extend to communications or materials that might relate to criminal activity. BAM!! Thanks, Nixon! 
No, he consulted with his own personal criminal lawyer and possibly Trumps. Who does he think he is kidding
You made the people from our beloved New Mexico proud today! 
Great questions today, sir.  I am glad that someone asked them! I found  @KamalaHarris and you to be the shining stars today
Totally agree! Manchin did well too. Surprised me.
Yes, indeed
Trump wasn't even being investigated. Meanwhile Hillary was selling Russians uranium while Russians dumped $ into Clinton foundation.
Thank You Martin Heinrich for asking real questions in a highly partisan event. Russian hacking is serious no matter which party is king.
Your questions were good. Why was @SenKamalaHarris described by others as 'hysterical' for same behavior? #SessionsTestimony #doublestandard
Why is this playing out as partisan ? What I heard ?'s are very divided no doubt who is R & who is D by ?'s asked.
Why aren't we using my tax dollars to investigate Clinton and the real crimes of the Obama administration instead

You were awesome yesterday!
Great work, Senator!  Keep it up, please!!!
So proud of Martin! Sessions is a weasel.
No, the problem is he didn't answer the way YOU wanted him to!!!  #Democrats-#VoteThemOut
Hey Martin, if you are so worried about Russian interference in our elections, why aren't you talking to the Obama administration. His watch
Sessions did a excellent job
Senator Heinrich can you make that lying sack of ____get removed.  He is doing wrong by lying to you guys and gal.  That lady Senator was gr
39 states were hacked. 39.
Great work, Senator!  Our country is desperate to get to the bottom of #TrumpRussiaCollusion!
You're Damn Straight!...Hon. Gentleman !!
Of course! Funny how you frame your question to AG when you knew the answer from last night closed door session. Glad chair cleared that up!
Senator Burr and Republicans don't have any urgency about this attack. Almost like they're colluding to do nothing about it
It only helps GOP - never Dems so they don't care. @awelab1956 @MartinHeinrich
Thank you Senator Heinrich!
Thank you immensely for your concise and fierce persistence. It's good to know you're out there. Love from Californians 
Even in the face of stonewalling.
We're w/ you, but you need to figure out the consequence for "I'm not gonna answer that."
A shocked expression/outrage is not enough.
@lulu_lemew proud of you
Thank you, sir.
At least the investigation keeps these criminals busy
kicking ass! I like it. Well done sir, well done indeed!
You were freaking AWESOME today! We need more people to step up like you did.
I'm not a Constitutional scholar, but Sen. Heinrich, isn't Executive Privilege reserved4the @POTUS alone? #tcot #maga #ccot #lnyhbt
Thank you Mr. Heinrich keep pushing this Russian lying issue!!
Great line of questions by exposing Sessions unwillingness to answer questions.
You were awesome today, @MartinHeinrich!! Proud to have you as my Senator!
When will you accept the fact that the American people elected the President, not Putin. You lost! Life's not fair so get over it already!
Thank You for doing a great job today.  I actually stood up and applauded your questions/statements. You were Awesome.
Waste more taxpayer money. Fix the problems in your state like that Heisenberg.
Great job representing me, other citizens of NM and USA during hearing. Thank you so much. Las Cruces,NM
They've also a constitutional obligation getting to the bottom of Clinton's emails, Foundation scandal, Whitewater, Haiti. So take a number
Nothing there, just wasting money.
Or illegals?
great job questioning criminal sessions! he must resign, be fired, thrown in jail, held in contempt of congress. not necessarily that order
You were awesome today!
Good job today. Keep digging. Don't give up. Huge coverup!
Thank you for your good work today on behalf of the citizens of NM and the whole dang country.
No answers what they own 45 that they put him before the U.S. it's unbelievable
Thank you Senator! We deserve Better and Fairer Government!
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
The "Trump Dump" all seem to have selective amnesia
And remember that @POTUS44 said in 2012 that Russia was not a geo global threat!  U & ur Democratic friends have selective memories!
@AndreaMatthews9 But you're being hampered by the well known, maybe written down somewhere, Sessions Coats Rogers protocol.
Then focus on that instead of the fake Russia collusion. Get to work on taxes, healthcare, jobs...ya know the problems that are real!
Great job with the hearing.
Thank you sir for your efforts and setting this as a priority.
Keep it up! I was impressed by you and my Senator @KamalaHarris - there is hope!
Your conduct and line of questions in these open hearings has been phenomenal. Thank you!! You make this New Mexican proud.
What really infuriates me is how the @GOP refuse to admit the #Russians successfully hacked the election. The #NSA leak proves the feds knew
Your line of questioning was on point! Thank you
AG Sessions already lied under oath to Congress. Now he obstructed their russia investigation. What WON'T the #Republicans allow?
Respect Senator Heinrich 
For what? Months of investigation about Russia? No there there
Great job 2day Senator!!
You were great today! Thank you!
Thank you Senator- great tenacity on your part. Beauregard can't recall anything. Meaning he is unfit and clearly in contempt. #trumprussia
Do what you were elected to do. Health care, tax reform. Work for the ppl in America! Obsessed with Russia! There's nothing there.
Good job, Martin. Ya make me proud of my NM roots. 
Stick with it, please, sir. This phony claiming executive privilege w/o actually doing it is not okay. Sessions did not answer the questions
Thank you!! Wish that you we my Senator from Colorado, New Mexico and the nation is well represented!!!!!
Great job, Sir.
.@MartinHeinrich Thanks for being a credible, articulate member of Sen Intel Committee and demanding answers in Russia investigation.
It can not be allowed ! #ImpeachTreasonousTrump ! 
Good line of questioning today, Sen. Heinrich.
Thank you Senator for your service and asking the tough questions. Please continue to ask the questions we the People need answered.
Martin Heinrich 2020? PLEASE tell me you're at least thinking about running for POTUS!
#senateintelligencecommittee contradiction in terms
Man you were tough today, good job.
loser, dreamer, go to your Empathy tent
This is not the 1st time Russians have done this. This has become a McCarthy era witch hunt. Enough wasting tax dollars.
I would be willing to wager that Sessions doesn't have a clue on what hacking is or how it's done.
Lankford's righteous indignation was particularly distasteful. As if all we need do is ask about collusion then quit when they say no.
You have a greater responsibility to investigate Hillary, Loretta, Comey, Obama, etc. who actually broke many laws. But u love them so much.
It's clr that Congress lacks the spine to execute their oversight duties
@SenatorBurr @MarkWarner 

New Senators are now necessary
@SenatorBurr @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorLankford @SenTomCotton 

Need to be unseated.
Cannot oversee the executive to protect the us citizens
#DirtyMoney 
Tom looked like he was going to cry. 
McCain is bumbling and its embarrassing
Burr is photoed with RU 
Lankford looked rattled
You were awesome! !  Thank you for speaking for the American people. We support you.
Keep it up!  One has to wonder why Team Trump has so many obvious/documented ties to Russian politics and business. Keep up theINVESTIGATION
Senator Heinrich were amazing and holding the AG accountable to get to the bottom of this whole scandal.  Thank you for your vigilance
Sessions lied under oath for the second time. Unbelievable
Obstruction of justice and perjury while under oath. Thank you, Sen. Heinrich for pressing the AG to get to the truth.
@Ava_ABQuteee TY Sir 
Thank you for trying to get answers. I don't feel Sessions is entitled to selectively claim privilege on his conversations with POTUS.
Who do I see about my refund? Investigation has been ongoing for months & still no evid. Keep wasting away our hard working money, Marty!
He didn't even "recall" Flynn having contact with Russians
Those hearings are taking us to no where. They go there, they lied under oath, they refuse to answer questions and nothing happens to them.
You killed it 
Russia. Is. Over.
What happens to the country when we Americans can't relay or trust on the intelligence committee for accomplishments  ?
Can you please let us know if our country is going to be OK because after this hearing today we are as worried as ever!! #resist
Thank you for your work and commitment to upholding our Constitution. I wish others in the government would follow suit.

Start with #Bengazi.
Love your line of questioning, very impressive. He clearly broke his oath as he did not tell the entire truth! My kids know the difference!
Will you ask @POTUS to make a decision on exec privilege? And will you require @SecSessions to testify again when privilege is not asserted?
They will continue to lie and obstruct justice!
You did an honorable job today sir. Sessions was clearly not as prepared as he thought he was.
Depending on who is in the hot seat you mean..I've watched MOST of these hearings. you don't push hard when Comey or Lynch say it!
The chief law enforcement official expected you to believe he's never been briefed in Russia.
Terrific line of questioning, Senator. Thank you!
You are my favorite senator along with Sen Harris.
Thank you for sticking it to him, just wish those hypothetical rules allowed him to speak
YOU were fantastic. I let my breath out for the first time & husband & I applauded the TV. @SenKamalaHarris was also fierce Thankyou
u got a follower out of me and thousands others after u shot them three pointers at #SessionsHearing
Ditto
Great job Senator Heinrich
Thank you for reiterating during the hearing. Greatly appreciate your insistence about this point
Senator, why didn't you have problems with AG Holder refusing to answer questions or provide documentation? Double Standard or Hypocricy?
Thank you Senator for your clear questioning. You’re doing what has to be done.
So when Lynch, Rice, Clinton, Obama continually lie, what's your argument?
Laughing at the dupes calling your questioning "brilliant." You came across as a disrespectful, pompous hack. Embarrassed you're my Senator.
Thank you @librarydenizen! My impression exactly.
How do you do that when witnesses refuse to answer and Congress can't or won't make them?  You did a good job with questions but no answers.
And the AG is obstructing Congress's investigation and defying the Constitution. He should be held in contempt.
So get to the bottom of it! You're an amateur. Russia is involved in hacking more than elections. What are you going to do about Russia!?!
good work today, sir
Keep digging! You'll actually get to Russia before you find any evidence against our President. When will you drop this charade?
stay on him! #nopolicy
Thank you for doing a great job today!
thank you for your forthright questioning
Is this special privilege that's NOT based in any law actually @realDonaldTrump's loyalty demand?! That shows collusion in obstruction!
Excellent questions.
You did a great job today.  Thank you for representing us so well.
Terrible job.
Brilliant questions. Clearly sessions was stalling. Good for you for challenging him!
#sessionslies
#trumplies
