Terrible!
He told his base what they wanted to hear in order to get elected. Now he is going to screw them! The conman will do what's best for him!
well trump voters from the heartland, here is your reward for supporting this loser
Yeah less burden of federal spending = less taxation. Lowers national debt and gives liquid to middle class. Basic economics.
No dude its quite simple. Govt spends far too much and people pay taxes for nothing but debt interest. Lower govt spending lowers debt.
Im in favor of cutting everything. The debt is insane and all President past increased it but no one as much as Obama adding $9 trillion
Get rid of funding for the F'n wall and there's no need for cuts.
Reductions in rates of increases, NOT cuts!!! Our national debt is 20 trillion dollars!
Trump is easily the most toxic politician in US history. By 2018 elections, everyone in the GOP he's touched will go down.
let's cut congress salaries and secret service funds, the wall, rich people hiding money in foreign countries.
The $95.B is over 10 yrs. at $9.5B/yr.
we got plenty 2 fear here frm diffrnt kind of terrorists: #socalledpresident & #GOP Cngrss who'll hurt & kill thr own w/hateful policy bombs
The Democratic Party are a basket of "Nut Job'z".  @MaxineWaters @NancyPelosi
As Trump and Co. cut BILLIONS in social aid for tax cuts for the rich.....  Are you of the 1%???? I doubt it...
Nice YUGE liberal spin -- away from reality. But we ain't buyin'. I'm just say'n.
Trump doesn't care for the poor American or the Americans with pre existing illness 's.All he cares about is  building up the nukes arsenal
SNAP Recepiants are the working poor, single parent homes, retired workers, & displaced workers.  To name just a few.
@MartinHeinrich Reform and major cuts are necessary.
He lied about everything he supposedly promised.  Lock him up.
Good. A shame it won't pass.
U f•cling
So, we can't eat cause farmers can't farm, AND we can't get healthcare.  I guess you don't need concentration camps to create GENOCIDE.
And they're still lining up to support him ... no matter how many promises he breaks. 
They aren't even paying attention.
They'll feel it soon enough he it gets passed. Regrettably, we must nonetheless save them as well from their follies. #Resistance
Four months in and not 1 job created, but plenty of time to cut social security, medicare, education, SNAP, food stamps, meals on wheels.
What is your position on this cut @RepErikPaulsen ? I'll bet it won't be popular with Mn. .
What happened to our inspirational leader, FDR style presidency? Where is the hope, promise, and vision for the people under a businessman?
NO it calls for a REDUCTION  in SPENDING INCREASES
But not his vacations
Drumpf's corporate presidency has no use for social programs. Like his BFF Putin it is all about oligarchs and more wealth for them.
It's about time the government takes action to cut welfare to able bodied people seeking a free ride at the expense of hard working tax payr
Trump's supporters criticize the Mexican government, and he is just the same, corrupt and a liar...

Trump Budget cuts Social Security. Many have paid 4 Social Security Disability Insurance by paycheck for decades. Now Trump wants to cut it.
Organized destruction of everyone but the top wealthy societal layer.
Work with us call us now God blessAmerica
Fake news.   There are no cuts in proposed budget only deceased in rate of increase. #FakeNewsMedia
Trump knows our problems with our infrastructure. Could someone explain why he took $95 B out of the Transportation Trust Fund?
wow what the hell does Russia have on donny other than the golden shower tapes?
They voted for this.
directly impacts his base of supporters, who will somehow convince themselves he still has their backs #talkaboutdenial
Get rid of the EPA  and 15 other blood sucking programs like my man is doing @realDonaldTrump there will be Plenty of money blood suckers.
Trump will bankrupt America just like he did his companies. First stealing billions from Americans. STOP HIM
No budget cut for his GOLFING expense
Put people to work 
So they can take care of themselfs
Some 300 million farmers? Not enough land
Ok
This will cause a world of hurt!
Hey ppl who voted for him how does that crow taste.. ♩eat that crow, eat that crow♩
More campaign promises broken. He lies, he lies, he lies.
Aren't these "cuts" in reality, reductions to the annual increases? You make it sound like $100 today will be cut to $60.
The same people that voted for Trump are the ones getting f__cked the most! And they still, stupidly and blindly, supports him?????????
Can the government ever reduce spending on free shit?
Keep cutting. 20T in debt. Need to get debt under control. Thank You Mr Pres. I don't get to spend what I don't have. Neither should Gov
Farm aid? I bet the farmers who voted for him are thrilled. Ugh
The rich get richer and the poor get screwed.
Thank you! Please cut the government @realDonaldTrump
When those Republican states who voted for him see their families & neighbors go broke hope they regret voting 4 Trump. #FarmAid
Hey 45 Voters your Grifter Dumpster Is coming after your pocketbooks! Hats off to you for destroying our country. The check is in the mail
I think the swamp was back filled.
Farm aid is a scam like most social programs,people with 5 acres of land, 1 goat, and a lawn tractor get tax breaks for having a "farm"
FAKE NEWS re farm aid.
Can you say $20 Trillion national debt. Our children's, children, children will be paying for that. 43 Presidents= $11T Obama =$9 Trillion
Farm aid? Cult might not catch on, but those farmers & farm workers will. Targeting the most vul shld hv ben expected fr this disconn WH.
Trump shows his values. Money for bombs and his rich friends. No jobs, huge deficit, poor education, unaffordable healthcare. What a mistake
Funneling money to his peeps.
Looks like Trump voters are getting the Fifth Avenue Foot up their ass! To late to scream now at the Town Hall Meeting now!!!
It's not what he ran his campaign on! Does he even know what's in his proposed budget plan? Probably not
He is a danger to us all. Desperate times mean desperate measures. How to get rid of him?
LMAO I'd love to see the faces of those Trumpsters when they finally realize that he's taking from them to give tax cuts to rich #played
I haven't heard oil subsidies being cut yet. They are Trumps needy.
The biggest LOSER on the Planet.
They love Trump in Iowa.   Getting what they wanted. Just like seniors in Florida who are about to be screwed by the Trump they wanted
They assume the negative was only going to effect the people and places in America they didn't like.
Love Trump
Please retweet to any sites T voters might read! Social programs include Medicaid and Social Security Disability. @chicagotribune
Trump is a joke in a bad suit. Slash budgets but we'll pay for his kid and wife to live in a luxury tower in NYC. Disgraceful.
Trump worst suit is better than anything you own. Define success, Trump is prez and HRC isn't! Lol
Terrorists blow up bombs and kill people. Horrible. Republicans blow up much needed social programs and - same result. People die.
He wants to have military parades so bad he is willing to bankrupt every other aspect of our lives to do it. He loves the tanks & rockets.
nonprofits org,  most are own by Democrats and Republicans whom are getting lary  $GRANT money to feed their bank accounts
Obama added 9 trillion to our debt with NOTHING to show for it. Now it's time to pay the piper.Hey @BarackObama where is the money you stole
Get a clue
I get many of them everyday you mindless simp. You should shut your mouth and listen for a change and you will learn the truth.
45 said if I voted for Hillary I would get a Pres under federal investigation from day 1. That's one promise he kept. Total truth
If all accounts are accurate his budget cuts are draconian.
Make American great again.... for the wealthy people.
So you think we need more spending, more taxes and more government?
Don't act surprised people. The Bilionaire Mercer family, backed Trump, financied Brietbart & Clinton Cash book. This is what they paid for.
Is any level of cut acceptable to social programs or should we just keep increasing them? Maybe teach ppl to take care of themselves?
The good news is there's consensus that this budget is DOA
And doesn't end corporate protectionism.
We can't keep printing money forever!
Have fun trump farmers!
Not on THIS watch, he won't. #Resist.
All those red state goofballs are getting what they asked for. Have fun eating the dog
The budget is a homage to the Madoff Ponzi Scheme, courtesy Mnuchin-Madoff's grasshopper.
Good luck hiring white people to pick cotton.
Love u racists. And ur rambling.  So ignorant
disdain for working poors and tax cuts for the super rich of course!
Shameful
LOL, congrats middle America you sent Trump to Washington and all you got was a red hat
They still love him
Until it hurts
And when the reality of their choice hurts them. They will blame Obama instead of the real culprit.   Themselves .
Some of these cuts absolutely do make sense; others of course do not; let's see what sticks as the budget process proceeds
That's what donations and volunteering is for.
Does he even know what's in this budget?
Very unlikely unless he saw it on FoxNews
