Dems looking even stupider ...
Remember Loretta Lynch refusing to answer many more questions?
Thank you @MartinHeinrich for calling it like it is -  Sessions impeding the investigation!
Nice work, Senator! If I lived in New Mexico, I would vote for you. Thank you for sticking to your guns.
I do live in New Mexico and I did vote for him, thank goodness.
Especially #partyovercountry @SteveScalise who is @SpeakerRyan's mini-me-wanna-be. He is a brown "willing to sell my soul" kind of guy. 
Jeff Sessions is weasel and he found creative ways to not answer questions.
You look very foolish during the hearing
Thank you for the hard question posed to traitor sessions!
Uh,  wasting taxpayer money.
True,  but there was actual failer with Hillary and Obama. And people died.
Oh,  we're they under attack for thirteen hours and multiple request denied?
For #bengazi,  nope.
Holy hell, "failure", "Benghazi" #dictionary
Oooh, Senator @MartinHeinrich came out swinging! Making @USAGSessions stutter.  Accused him of obstruction.  I think I'm in love!
I'm with you Kimberly -- he's amazing!  <3
Is Sessions talking goobly gop??!  Does anyone understand what the hell he's saying? So good at trying to avoid answers. UGH
ya kicked butt martin!!
We need to start holding our Congress men and women to a higher standard. You're not qualified to sit in that seat
Thank you sir for holding Sessions accountable.
For what shaking someone's hand ??lol this is why you've lost 1000 seats and you are too dumb to see it 
So the silence of the entire obama administration  for 8yrs was that obstructing justice? your political hack
BRAVO !
Congressional job approval is at an all time low .11%. Please discuss this the next time you guys go out for a beer. #McCarthyhearings2017
lol you sir are a tool.
thank you, sir, for speaking for the majority of concernd Americans.  Trump/Sessions lie.  They must be removed.
Was listening on Sirius were u the one that sounded like a little girl squawking?
Backed him into a sweaty corner. Like a sweaty foghorn leghorn. "Erm, no, I cannot answer that, or that, or that, or tha-"
Great job! Keep up the good work.
Great job! Thanks for your service! 
Being respectful always works better.
Great job.
Yooo!!! You are killin it! Way to take off the gloves! He should be protecting us, not the president
really? You need/want more publicity? What a sham.
Scott, what the fuck is wrong with you, this is his JOB
I hope you're not serious. No it's not. His job is to work for his state. This is political theatre.
McCarthy era Hearing circa 2017. Witch hunt!
Now make it count..hold in contempt!
BTW:  I thought this was the Russia affair but instead, it is used as a forum to take each other down. Sickening.
Also when do you think we're going to get a glimpse of this ACHA Bill? Sure hope they don't pass it w/o hearings. They are risking a fury!
Great questioning of Sessions today!! Holding him accountable. Cotton & Cornyn seem to be thinking that this investigation is moot. Wrong!
Sessions was shady.
Good job, one of a few who confronted him
I feel that out of everyone you represented the true #America  they're insulting our intelligence by playing it so cool.
NAILED IT!! Heinrich 4 Prez 2020!!!
Great work today. Thank you!
Martin, are you concerned that Seth Rich and the Awan brothers will make any Democrats look bad? #sethrich
Thank you for being prepared, on point and holding him accountable.  Fantastic job!
You just got OWNED by #JeffSessions How many times do you have to hear there is no #TrumpRussia. #TomCotton Destroyed Democrats
You are spot on...Sessions silence and obscure responses speaks volumes! There's is much yet to be revealed.
thank you for telling @jeffsessions @jeffsessions @jeffsessions he's impeding investigation
This Senator represents America.Coates & Rogers agreed to speak in closed session in accordance with committee rules. AG Sessions refused.
Great job! Maybe you can hold him in contempt.
He has no excuse for no answers.
You forgot the eight years of Obama Admin silence and delay to FOIA requests.
You ruled the hearing, bigly 
Senator Heinrich you and Senator Udall make me proud to have you as my sentors.& u ask tuition that matter to show the lies of the AG
It was a waste of time and money, now can we get busy?
Sir U R one of the ONLY Senators to do the job you're there to do! #Sessions #Coates #Rogers & #Rosenstein CONTEMPT #Resist #SessionHearing
Great job!!
You were fantastic!!! Thank you!
Thanks! You were awesome today!
@LiberalResist Great job in your questioning. America is watching and it matters.
Thanks for your efforts to hold the administration accountable. very impressed with your directness/determination to try to get to the truth
Yeah....where were you for 8yrs when Obama social sec could not testify b/c of confidentiality and fact check....BEN RHODES SAID SAME THING.
Yeah...we watched and are sick and tired of you spending our tax money on your sore loser campaign. Your party looks unhinged, crazy, nuts.
you made this new mexican proud! good job today!
I respect your direct questioning of #seethingsessions
YOU... are... THA MAN!
You da bomb #Harris_Heinrich2020
You did a great job, Senator!
You were awesome!  Thanks for holding this weasel accountable.
Thank you for asking the questions we are sitting at home yelling at the TV for someone to ask. AG Sessions does not come off well here.
. THANK YOU for following up on that "maybe."
Good stuff. Wuts up w no obstruction charges tho.
Well done.  Thank you Senator Heinrich.
Run for President!
Very appreciated your straight talk of and to Sessions today!
You are a dainty doily.
You got schooled really bad by Richard Burr.
You were outstanding once again.  Thank you for pressing him
You are rocking it with your questions!
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA, Nut Job!RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA, Nut Job!RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA, Nut Job!RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA, Nut Job!
he does not recall much of any meetings perhaps he should resign.
Are you related to Heinrich the Nazi? Just wondering because you sounded like a Nazi
Sen was not having it with lying sessions.  You're my favorite by far. Keep up the good work sir.
What a poor performance , nothing but a witch hunt .
You embarrassed yourself... You acted like a toddler.
As a former manager, one does not discuss performance issues with subordinates of said superior. You question was not appropriate.
It seems he was taking the 5th, well not in so many words, but it was not so clear was he doing that for himself obly or for the president
best yet 
Sessions sure has a fuzzy mind. It seems he has a hard time remembering anything. Maybe he should step down?
Thank you, @MartinHeinrich -- once again, you make me proud to live in NM, well represented by my Senators!!!
Typical liberal Dem knows FBI investigation goes on w/out Comey but tries to use his firing as an excuse to go after Sessions - GROW UP
Great questions. Wish sessions would answer all. He seems to be hiding something. Don't know what
The most shameful show the Reps have put today. Seems they are more interested in comforting the AG than the truth. Shame on you
Great job! Thank you for getting to the heart of the obstruction....
McCabe disputes Comey's performance and standing was in disrepair. Bogus basis for terminating.
You were very rude to AG Sessions.
Before recusal, did Sessions bother asking POTUS about Russian hacking? Clearly POTUS doesn't care about hacking.
Why did Sessions meet Russians and not DISCLOSE? He only recused because WaPo outed him.
Senator Heinrich I have watched the most untrustworthy AG's testimony today and you have earned my respect. Thank you!
Go go go!!!
Thank you for representing us!
Cotton's assertion re: leaks forgets the WH is one of the top leakers. Sessions qualifies all his answers with 'if I recall'-not answers.
Can we rely on you to run in 2020. #SessionsHearings #sessionssmackdown #heinrich2020
Had to be corrected by the charman (Burr)-Admiral Rodgers spent 2 hours answering all questions in closed session.  You were SHOWBOATING!!
who cares. Stop wasting our taxpayers money. You're all phishing. Img
Great job!  Way to make him squirm!!!
Good job, thank you for doing it.
Great job!  Obstruction of justice= @realDonaldTrump 's tweet ref. Russia day b4 firing Comey (which ws 7 months AFTER 2nd Clinton email) 
Great job today...you had him on the ropes!
Plz ask why no recorded outrage by AG or Ros. when Comey spoke re Hillary investigation. Yet he cites that as primary reason 4 firing
You're sounding hateful & desperate
From across the pond - brilliant Martin Heinrich
Don't remember Holder EVER answering questions during similar hearings.
Good job, Senator!
Proud of yourself? You truly belong on CNN. Voters won’t forget your obnoxious questioning. @AGJeffSessons
Sir, #TheResistance salutes you. 
He's like your friend's dad, who's way more with it than your dad, and who just caught you screwing up.

Straight face no emotion love it 
He kicked Your A$$!
The only real questions he got today .
Here's another Dem bashing # Jeff sessions. Trying to turn the word "privileged" into something else
Thank you!
Lmao. When u tried that "gotcha" moment because he said maybe. That was so stupid!
Crying wolf still?  You should give some consideration to doing something, oh I don't know, productive.  Happy witch hunting.
Great job Senator! I almost burned dinner because I was glued to the TV, cheering!
Thank you for expressing the People's frustrations
Again @MartinHeinrich showing amazing grit, courage and tenacity in questioning of Sessions. I think he should look at running for POTUS.
great job! Thank you for your eloquent line of questioning

Is this Maxine Waters in white face? Are you for real? How in the world did a partisan hack like you get elected? You're pathetic...
You ROCK !!
It would have been nice if you had that same stance when Eric Holder regularly would not answer questions based on the same privilege
Thank you @MartinHeinrich ur leadership! Your questioning was brilliant! 
Well done senator
Great work!
Thank you for your questions, today and with Comey!!! Doing a great job, wish more of your peers would do same!
Excellent questioning, sir. Session is a crook. So he sacked comey because trump asked him to. Disgraceful
Suggests listening to you against Sessions that a simple answer is all you could do be a simpleton. Using democrat language sickles ass
So Sessions said "I'd probably head for the exits instead of I would". Do you need a micrometer & razor to help split those hairs? U R lame!
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
"!!!!"
If you are as honest, has love of Country as Sessions has then you could be a good Represenative for citizens.
Thank you, Senator. Your questioning was outstanding.
I love the way you grill and I'm not talking about the meat kind of grilling #SessionsHearing #JeffSessions
Yes daddy you did
Well done on asking the tough questions and calling out J. Sessions for not answering the questions based on an unknown rule.
 for asking succinct questions. Get to the bottom of this!
Good job calling him out.
@MartinHeinrich is Spot On when he tells #Sessions "Your Silence Speaks Volumes!" #SessionsHearing
YES!!! Well done!!!
You made him drink a lot of water.
Never discussed Russian hacking!!!Shows trump is not concerned!!!
You know the Russia invest. is just a diversion from the real crimes being committed by the Obama admin. Enough already. Stop wasting tax$
It's no longer Little Marco.  Little Martin has taken the title.  Grandstanding idiocy, without any basis.
AND Sadly Sir, you are again demonstrating, your leftist leanings and indoctrination, by following the Democratic propaganda machine.
How do you interview someone based on alleged  memos ,,without getting them .
I appreciate and respect your no-nonsense approach to justice.
Great job! Thank you for your service!
TY, Sir, for questioning Sessions as hard as you did. He most certainly did obstruct the investigation.Why is he protecting Trump?
Way to put the Attorney General on the hot seat. Why he can't answer a direct question is amazing to me.
Thank God your not my Sen
You are doing an amazing job!
Thank you sir  kick his ass!!!
He has answered! Well we can have it because it's a double standard for Hillobeans, Lynchmob, Eric Holdup
You don't even understand executive privilege and your a congressman...lol...
you're a bad ass! Keep it up.
You are my new hero! Great job trying to get Sessions to actually talk about his communication with trump. You asked great questions!
Now... If everybody else would just follow your lead! #SessionsTestimony
Thank you for you good questions & efforts at confronting Sessions. Team Trump scares me. They're like a cult.
Thank you for strong questioning.
It's comical watching u split hairs ovr insignificant BS but Im sure u were just fine w basement servers, bleachbit and hammers. #hypocrite
Get him Senator!!! Great job!!
Great job, thank you!
Thank you for your questions of Sessions.
@POTUS doesn't need a reason, one reason @HillaryClinton lost since we the people r not stupid! She s/have been found guilty
You killed it!!! Thank you!
Double standards!! Dimocraps!
Why are you being so argumentative? Innocent till proven guilty? Believe in that for all??
I watched u make an ass of yourself live... so sad
great job.  we are proud of our NM Senator.  Keep pressing for the facts and truth.  Thanks much.  rgalloway, las cruces
You have my respect 
You did great, sir.
Sessions is OBSTRUCTING the investigation/Congressional hearings!  Thank you Senator for saying it out loud!
Thank you for your questions and holding Sessions accountable.
We're you campaigning or something?
Sessions made you look like a fool
