Thank you for persevering in the face of stonewalling. These guys need to remember that they are working on behalf of the American people!
You were AWESOME!!!!
@nytimes @washingtonpost @msnbc
Sir, My thanks for representing New Mexico and America today! You did an outstanding job and I commend you!
Let them answer the questions, trying to make OUR intelligence people look stupid makes you look like a 
He gets the answers in a closed session, he knows that...Martins questioning was for TV! Most people are smarter and see the show
I'm grateful for the way you approached the officials. It exposed them to the public.
You did great!!!
Russia #HillaryThePureEvilVileOne private email server that was hacked by everyone Nation on earth.
Wasted the entire morning! Badgering officials from info out of a WAPO article! Getting intel from a RAG! DISGRACEFUL! DUMB as box of rocks!
Excellent job asking the write questions!! Thank you for being our voice. Please don't stop until we get to the bottom of this!
Thank you for trying Mr. Heinrich! We send moral support from NM! Please don't stop, we are truly terrified of this presidency.
Apparently you were making high lights for Fake msm.
Hey buddy "classified info" by its very nature can not be discussed in open setting  duh
U should know this!
 #SenateHearing #SMH #LibDems
Crystal, this is not classified.
They seem to believe the conversations they had W/ @POTUS IS "Classified" for whatever reasons, I'm not in their head, neither r u
Crystal, it's not about being in their head. The conversations have not been labeled that way.
If 4 Top intelligence Agents say the conversation is classified, then it is classified as far as they understand. R u implying their liars?
Seen more tap dancing in last 20 minutes then in old dance movie of 1940's with hundreds of dancers nail them down in closed session please
Well done Sir!!!
You did great!
Thank you for your hard stance & questions Senator. As always you stand firm for our country & our great state of NM. 
You did an admirable job. Thank you.
Kudos to You,  Senator Heinrich 
Giving them hell!
Considering moving to NM just to have @MartinHeinrich as my senator. He's a badass, showing tremendous courage & tenacity at hearing.
NM is so beautiful. Would live there for any reason!! 
Commenting on #RodRosenstein non-answer as a filibuster is catchy. Clear GOP focused on 702 and deflecting anything re @POTUS #Obstruction
#RodRosenstein is playing Trump-style games. Get him @SenKamalaHarris! If the Senior Senators don't block U
Good questions Sen, unfortunately refusal 2 respond based on legal statutes is disheartening. Hopefully U get answers in closed session.
Excellent!  Keep up the pressure!
Great questioning Martin Heinrich !
Can't wait thanks for being a patriot
 good job
I think it is time u guys cleared this stuff up. If Rump is chummy with Kisleyak and Pooten, Americans have a right to know WTH is going on!
Russia my ass Try DNC cullusion with main stream media liars and #HillaryThePureEvilVileOne private email server that was
You did really really well. Extremely well.
Great job trying to hold Intelligence officials to account!
I'm a proud New Mexican today!! Thank you Senator Heinrich!!!
Sending thanks, for your no nonsense questioning, from the lovely state of Maine!
You did a great job with a difficult group of "officials". !!!
Thank you for representing the American ppl, sir. We deserve answers 2 what happened & why this admin continues 2 obfuscate.
Proud to be a New Mexican
Thank you for your tenacity, Senator. You did Americans proud!
Sir, thank you for your line of questioning. I know this is a difficult matter but I truly appreciate your efforts and please continue.
Good work today!
Couldn't be more proud of your service as my Senator or more disappointed with the witnesses refusing to answer the questions.
Stick to the topic of today's hearing for a change instead of acting like the  Spanish inquisition? Totally inappropriate.
Thank you for your work Senator
You were great today Sir. Thank you for trying to get to the truth.
Thank you. I am so grateful to you for your service.
Great questions using common sense, something that these 4 can't seem to muster up.  C when u lie, u have 2 tell another & another
Please tell Mr. Rogers, who has been laughing, that the American people fail to see the humor in any of this!!!
Great job on the "It's a simple response to say 'No' that didn't happen." Thank you for your work!
Senator, thank you for being relentless with your questioning! You never backed down in spite of the deplorable deflections.
Thank you for your probing, concise and tenacious line of questions. These men will require a hydraulic machine to open their mouths.
Excellent work!
Your questioning was to the point.  Thank you.
I wish you had more time.
You are tough!! Keep it up, we the people are proud and behind you! 
Way to stand up to the #coverup
You were the best so far!  Unfortunately they're getting away with stonewalling..
Gained a bunch of new followers today I'm sure. Thank you Senator! 
You did a wonderful job. THANK YOU from a US citizen that does not have the right to hear answers about MY country!
Great job!!!! Thank you!
You're a badass!
Thank you for pushing for answers, it was disappointing that they only danced around your questions.
There is no privilege being inbvoked (by POTUS). There is no "confidential" exception. These people have to answer questions.
Your questioning was totally disrespectful. You constantly interrupted them and cut them off. You don't impress me with your bullying.
U did a great job. Too bad you couldn't get a straight answer #stonewalling
Way to give them hell!@MartinHeinrich they are deflecting on a seemingly easy yes or no question! Speaks volumes!
Thank you.
Saw you where nervous, but thanks for keeping strong.
Excellent job of questioning! Thank you
Thank you for being blunt, Senator.
PLEASE, ALL senators should have decorum.  It is an embarrassment when questioning is antagonistic and grandstanding.
Awesome job senator-we need more senators to get the truth out-these stonewallers testifying today are #pathetic #coates #TrumpRussia
Excellent Job! Very Proud of you Today!!!
Thank you for speaking plainly and ensuring those refusing to likewise do so are called out on it.  Hero-patriot.
Great job!  Love the questions and you surely got Rodstein nervous. He's lying and we all can tell. It appears his mouth keeps drying up :-)
Great questions, thank you for speaking for the people.
I think I just developed a crush on you.
Me too!!! Amazing! 
Excellent job Sir
You're killing it! They aren't answering your simple questions and you made that clear.  Kudos.
Great questioning
I have never seen someone so disrespectful and rude as you are with questioning. You are a grandstanding underachiever trying too hard
I'm a Conservative & Libertarian but was extremely impressed w/ your questioning today.
I appreciate your banging away at these lunkhead Intel guys but this is incredibly frustrating to watch. You keep up the good work, dude!
Thank you!  You are a true patriot.
Much  senator! They need someone to go hard on them to get to the truth!!
How do you like when you cant get the answers from the directors. 
Very different situation from the I R S hearings, 5th, repeatedly.
Bringing it! TY! 
Thank you for your stern stance this morning! You are giving me hope.
It's not grade school. He's just rude and disrespectful
Good job
Thank u for keeping the tough questions going, sir! Enough of this bullshit...WHY IS IT INAPPROPRIATE?
I like your questioning! Keep it up sir!!
@POTUS @CIA @FBI Senators #MartinHeinrich @MarkWarner Swept Under GOVT\VA ABUSE #PersonalityDisorder Discharge VETS/Me=#ObstructionOfJustice
Senators #MartinHeinrich #MarkWarner Swept Under VA #HumanRights ABUSE PDVets/Me=#ObstructionOfJustice&Shouldnt Be on Intelligence Committee
don't go easy on anyone to find the truth #ImpeachTrump
Bring 'em on, Senator!
Waste of time.
@realDonaldTrump  @VP A chance to find out what has really been happening with this administration.

Tomorrow, make sure you ask Comey about trying to hide in the drapes. It'll be hilarious.
