Thanks for doing an excellent job of questioning. Proud to have you representing me.
#Questions4Comey if Trump had a private server with government information on it, would he have been prosecuted?
What was ur reason to document all interaction with 45 but never did that with 44 what changed & who advised who knew & had access to notes
What indications led you to believe  DT would lie about his requests and  Flynn
Who did Comey share his concerns with after the meetings with Trump?
And what was their reaction?
very well done Sir.  87111
What should #WeThePeople do when #ObstructionOfJustice by @realDonaldTrump is clear in hearing #Comeytestimony if #GOP Wont #impeach? #Comey
Comey said there was no "counter intelligence" investigation of TRUMP. Plz ask him if there was ANY pending investigation of TRUMP.
Did the President Lie
Mitch McConnell knew about Russia accessing voter registrations during&aft Primaries, why was he such a obfuscator? Is GOP/RNC involved?
Obama did even though in October. 18 he told US that there wasn't.
RNC obstructed. Why no leaks of GOP materials? 
Also Putin hates HRC bc he thinks she interfered with 2012 election in Russia. Lots of bad blood.
Did Trump ever ask about or show any concern over the fact of Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Who had access to leaked information & what was put in place to stop/prevent leaks & who do you think was leaking info
My question: why in Gods name are you wasting our tax dollars. Comey killed your case the one you did not have
Many good questions already given. Thank you for standing strong and protecting our democracy.
What contact have you had with Muller since he was appointed as special prosecutor and what has been the content of any communication
Do you believe based upon what you have seen/investigated/evidence Pres. Trump violated any law
Why shouldn't you have been fired if you were too weak to stand up to/reject Lynch in the Clinton "matter" or Trump in the Loyalty request
Why was it so important to trump to spec ment the Russian hookers were false?
Ya why is Hillary not going to jail
Isnt this a blatant qyid pro quo?
What is your reasoning for inconsistently reporting to AG/aAG chose not to report to Sessions 2 wks prior to recusal immediately to asst. AG
What did you understand he meant by asking for your "loyalty"?
Was Trump under investigation at the time of your firing?
Did you coordinate your testimony today with Mueller? Why would you do that if you have nothing to hide?
Source? InfoWars or Breibart?
It's the voices in his MAGAt head.....
I would like him to elaborate re Bill Clinton tarmac meeting and his decision to publicize HC emails.  It's unckear
Thank you for your service to our country, Senator Heinrich! We need you now more than ever!
OMG. 
Thanks for the opportunity, but you did so well yesterday that I am happy to leave early it in your hands.
Too bad I missed this, but we have full faith in you!!!
What specific evidence is available to prove the Trump/Russia collusion & Does this evidence prove any violation of any law
Just ensure Republicans are held accountable for ACTING on the information.
We're there other mtg with Trump that are not discussed in opening statement that occurred.  Did you make contemporaneous notes of such mtgs
Comey had 10 yr. job but could b fired at will by pres. How can we protect future directors from political pressures?
Given your complete ineffectiveness as FBI director, why wouldn't anyone in their right mind fire you? Why did you leak information?
What did @MikePenceVP know, and when did he know it? 

Thank you for you commitment for truth, Senator. 
Did you know of the investigation of Jared & did that affect how you viewed Trump.
Anther Q for the Senate (and House): Why normalize 45s behavior/speech and failure to follow precedent? Why willing to look the other way?
"Do you disagree with anything Rod Rosenstien has said about you?"
#Questions4Comey #ComeyDay 

At any point was your job suggested/implied/discussed as collateral on the Flynn investigation?
Tapes? Was Comey aware by Trump's body language or placement in the room or demeanor that conversations might be recorded?  We want tapes.
1/ President Trump apparently interpreted your comments to be verification he was not under any investigation related to Russia.
2/ Is his interpretation consistent with your meaning?
Oh boydo You Sincerely Think Hillary Clinton violated US Law in Destroying Emails,for that matter sir, All her handlings of Classified Data
Did you, or any other agency record Trump?
Are there any other investigations of Trump going on? Criminal?
In #Comey 's statement: "a duty to correct" was reason for not issuing statement pro 45. Did he expect that outcome??
Comey is intelligent he didnt fall for this lets be pals so trump wanted. He knew he was crooked. They are taught by expressions feelings
If 45 was not under investigation, and you had already violated FBI standards with HRC press conference, why did you not state it publicly
"Have you had any communications with the WH Counsel's office concerning the investigation into Trump/Russia? If so, describe."
"Since your termination, has anyone from the Trump administration contacted or attempted to contact you? If so, describe."
And by professional courtesy I mean, Subtle demand
You said Trump was not personally under investigation. When you left, was that still the case?
Plz ask Comey if he has evidence that TRUMP is taping conversations in the WH.
How confident are you that essential documents and other evidence will be preserved if a new FBI director (who pledged loyalty?) steps in?
Did other members of the administration speak to you on behalf of Flynn?
Did you alert anyone to the content of your conversations with the president before you were fired?
To what extent did you witness or have direct knowledge of interference by the WH with the DOJ/FBI investigations?
If anyone other than the President had acted as you described in testimony, would you consider that grounds for obstruction of justice?
We're your comments about personal investigation of Pres. Trump for counter-espionage parsed so they did not address other investigations?
*were
Based on the information u gathered prior to your dismissal, do u believe members of administration committed illegal acts, including POTUS
Do you personally consider Trump a threat to the safety of the USA, when it comes to international relations, as well as to its citizens?
Why were you fired?
What role did NY field and Rudy Giuliani have in "October Surprise" re HRC emails before election? Did Chaffetz share classified memo info?
@RodneyAnon Why will nobody officially admit the government is controlling our minds through chemtrails? #Questions4Comey
In all of your conversations with Trump, which of his statements/actions concerned you most as an FBI official?
As Republicans here hit you with questions about Hillary Clintons emails, do you think they are trying to distract from primary issue?
Do you regret any of your actions prior to being fired? Or since being fired?
Q for the Senate: Nixon was forced to resign by a bipartisan grp 4 the implication of obstruction. WHY are they giving 45 so. much. rope?
When was Trump informed Kushner was under scrutiny on the Comey firing timeline? #Questions4Comey
Please ask him, was the food in White House great? Could he describe the details of his dining experience? #questions4comey
Are you aware of actions AG Sessions took prior to - or following his recusal - that blur or cross the line of an independent investigation?
Yesterday they replied with how they were "influenced" or "not influenced ", "feelings" or "no feelings" only fair to ask Comey the same.
Mr Comey what do you believe is "that thing" that the President referred to?
Did you share your experiences with president Trump with any other federal employees prior to your termination at the FBI?
"Did anyone else from the Trump administration ask you to slow or stop the investigation? If so, who? What was said?"
Do you know of other meetings between POTUS and other members of the intelligence community that would indicate he tried to influence others
You are doing a great job! I hope that Rodgers&Coates have to answer soon. That is critical evidence. They didn't say no when you asked.
How'd you get so tall?
I  New Mexico! Thank you for doing this.
Possible trump currently making decisions based on Russia influence? this president Trustworthy? Professional? Of sound mind? Give examples.
Mr. Comey , when "all" this is over , where do you see your life in 5 years and how would you like Americans to remember you?
Do you believe you were fired because you refused to pledge your loyalty and kept on investigating?
Does Comey trust McCabe, after McCabe spoke to Priebus freely regarding the Russia investigation, telling him there was nothing there?
What was Trump's demeanor one-on-one behind closed doors compared to what we see when cameras are on him? #Questions4Comey
I would ask, can I see your memos from your conversations with Obama and the 4 hrs you spoke with Hillary Clinton
We're dealing with the present...not the past.Time to move on and let that go...you'll feel better.It's not healthy to obsess about the past
Did Comey have any concerns when #SallyYates was fired after sounding alarm about Mike Flynn activities? #Questions4Comey #ComeyDay
There's too much ambiguity so: what will you and the senate do to hold him and all family/associates under investigation of financial crimes
Were there other federal employees who brought similar encounters with president or his staff to your attention?
Thank you for your work Senator @MartinHeinrich and good luck this morning. Best regards from #Arizona  #ComeyDay
Did you feel like trump was threatening you if you did not provide loyalty?
Are they investigating Trumps money ties to the KGB and other illegal money laundering activities? Obstruction is the tip of the iceberg.
#questions4comey ask about the 4 other conversations
Why did you not get a response from the AG for two weeks after your contacting them?
Did any other White House Staff ask Comey to drop Flynn case?
Did Comey feel pressured by the President to end any ongoing investigation in any way?
Was Donald Trump ever under investigation by the FBI during your term as director? If so, did you inform him?
@SenateDems Mr Comey, from what u know to be fact, can Russia compromise the president or his close advisers.
Did any other admin or GOP member attempt to put pressure on Comey to STOP the investigation into Russia/hacking/collusion..who, when, where
is the pee pee tape real?
Can the US Gov. SEIZE ALL ASSETS of the Trump family 2 pay 4 ALL expenses imposed on the American people? #p2
Why did he reopen the Hilary case a few weeks before election?
Jacket size , 56 long?
I would like answers about Russia and Let's talk about Hillarys emails.
#Questions4Comey Were you approached by anyone other then the President about "letting go of Flynn investigation", if so whom.
why did you make note that Kushner lingered around
Mr Comey why didn't you Interview the agents that interviewed Hillary?
@SenateDems  Did Anyone ask or influence Comey to make a public statement regarding HRC investigation
Mr. Comey, did you truly believe that your 6'8" frame and that blue suit would really blend in with the curtains? #Questions4Comey #ComeyDay
Mr. Comey, were there any particular aspects of ongoing investigation or people being investigated that POTUS specifically stated?
This one pushes the envelope, of course, but if his sense of justice and propriety are attacked, he may bite... or may be disgruntled enough
Mr. Comey why is the DNC so corrupt
"Do you believe you were fired because you did not act, as the Pres requested, to "lift the cloud" by ending the invest into T/Russia?"
what was that "thing" Trump and Comey had?
Do you think Donald Trump has committed obstruction of justice?
Did trump ever show concern for Russian interference in election?
Shouldn't the US Gov. prevent Trump from signing bills, nominations, etc., until he is cleared of ALL charges/accusations? #p2
"What was the response of AG Sessions and AAG Boente to your communications concerning the President's comms with you?"
Mr. Comey do you feel you are in an abusive relationship with the President? Do we need to get a TRO for you at this time? #Questions4Comey
How do you feel about chocolate cake? Do you prefer one or two scoops of ice cream?
Mr. Comey, how would you explain the truth to someone who refuses to think you're telling the truth?
At a minimum can you think of a better justification for campaign finance reform that excludes any and all foreign financial contributions?
And a reason that the emoluments clauses should be wholly ignored
If there are tapes of your conversations with @realDonaldTrump would they in any way differ from your opening statement?
We're You installed by President Obama to acquit Hillary Clinton of her crimes?
Ask him why he thinks Trump fired him. #questions4comey
last Dem question to Comey should be "Are there any questions that we should have asked you but didn't?" #Questions4Comey
Great one !!!!! Exactly!
You previously assured Trump that he wasn't being personally investigated by the FBI, would you be able to make those assurances today?
No questions...just tell him how much America appreciate & loves him. (and he's handsome too!)
Did you feel like you had been summoned to kiss the Don's ring?
@SenateDems Will Congress use the "Logan Act" after the dust settles?
Why did Comey reply to Trump that Flynn was a "good guy" when Comey already knew Flynn was under investigation for nefarious deeds??
Even the worst of us has something good...? Heard Hitler liked dogs...
No, I do not agree...sorry....
"Are you aware of any other efforts by the President to slow or end the investigation into the Trump campaign's communications w/ Russia?"
With the number of time trump asked you to make  cloud go away was he trying to PERSUADE you? Yes or no
Ps...we love you. Go get em.
Red or Green??JkJk
#Questions4Comey
#ComeyDay
This is my Senator
Do you feel Trump is unfit/unwell to serve a POTUS?
If other members of Trumps' admin approached FBI to dissuade them from Going forward with investigation, are they facing Legal issues???
What do you think the President's intentions were?
Did Trump ask anyone else for loyalty? If so, did anyone say yes? #Questions4Comey
IDid anyone Else in the WH approach FBI personnel with intent to pressure them to stop Russia investigation?? Priebus? Bannon? Pence?
Mr. Comey, are you aware of similar inappropriate conversations b/t POTUS & other Snr DOJ or IC officials, e.g., Dir. Coats & Adm. Rogers.
Comey did you take notes when you met with anyone else
What do you think he meant by "that thing"?
Why was Comey so certain Sessions would recuse himself? #Questions4Comey
Do you feel you were fired for refusing to stop the investigation? Are there tapes of your conversations with the President?
At any point was Trump ever under investigation? If so what for?
Why did you give #Hillary a free pass when you prosecuted @MarthaStewart for far less?
If still acting director would you be able to trust potus with sensitive material going forward or was there a breach of trust?
Does comey personally think this man is qualified to handle classified info
Why would the 4 Intel heads refuse to answer questions yesterday?
What happened in the other DT/Comey meetings that were not outlined in yesterday's Comey release?
@SenateDems  did he investigate the tarmac meeting before announcing no charges would be filled against HRC?
What did Sessions say/do/know
What do you personally believe were the reasons why you were fired?
Did the President obstruct justice?
Better question: did he try...? The investigation continues...
If the American people saw what you saw, would they agree to charges for obstruction of justice. How overwhelming is the evidence
#QuestionsForComey #Questions4Comey Did Donald Trump say "I Love You" when you avoided the hug in the Blue Room? My lip reading skills suck.
Why did it take so long? Everyone should be in jail already.
Did Rubio and Cotton pledge Loyalty to Trump at dinner the other night?
"Sessions' silence to your request to not be left alone w/45 is stunning! What did you make of his abdication of his role?"  #ComeyDay
Ask Comey what he knows about McCabe's private meeting(s) with Priebus.  #ComeyDay
#Questions4Comey You testified on May 3 that there was no interference from the WH. Do you stand by that ?
Clarify "not personally under investigation"
Mr. Comey, has there been any indication from POTUS or administration that tapes exist of his phone conversations with others.
If you recall, DJT threatened Comey with tapes of their conversations in one of his tweets.
Do you trust McCabe?
What was his reaction to POTUS's public remark about how he better hope there were no recordings of their comms?
We know that POTUS is a disgrace Pres.Did POTUS ask him to stop the investigation on Flynn n USSR?Mr. Heinrich,Y'all need 2 preserve USCons.
Was new info uncovered about Trump involvement from the last time he told Trump he was not under investigation to his being fired .
Mr. Comey. You have taken an oath to uphold the Constitution. Do you believe Donald Trump is a patriot of the United States?#Questions4Comey
No
Did Comey feel that he couldn't trust Sessions because of his close ties to Trump?
I want to know if Comey felt like Trump was trying to force him to stop the Russia investigation. It sounded like in his statement, that...
Trump was implying if Comey wanted to keep his job, he needed the investigation to go away.
What investigation in Comeys letter admits he told Trump that there was no investigation?  You are reaching for something that is not there
"You said based on 45's response to Steele dossier, you began detailed memos-what was that response & why were you so alarmed?" #ComeyDay
Briefly give context for How the SOP of this administration differs from previous ones - in raising that alarm
What would be the legal reason for the Coats and Rodgers to not answer the questions yesterday ? Go get them!!!
Amen
"You have now publicly stated that you told Donald Trump he was not personally under FBI investigation- has that changed in the time since?"
What did you think when he tweeted that suggestion that you better hope there were no tapes from the meeting.
Is the pee tape real? #Questions4Comey
Was @potus ever expressing concern over the Russian meddling in the election?
