.@MartinHeinrich clearly you're more interested in protecting the system & status-quo over children who continue 2B failed by the system.
how is @BetsyDeVos qualified in any way for that position? Still trying to answer that question.
#1 she's not beholden to the union #2 she's focused on what is best for the children #forthekids
#3 she recognizes that quality education must be accessible to ALL students
#4 she recognizes that a one-size-fits-all model does not work
#5 she believes in customized ed based on the individual student's needs
#6 will be a champion for parent empowerment over union empowerment
#7 supports giving power back to the states and local governments
Thanks!! All American kids deserve better.
#DeVos is not the ONLY answer to this. We can find someone better. Have U been to Detroit to see her influence?
Thanks, Martin. No also on Pruitt. Free the EPA. No on Mnuncin. @SenSchumer @SenWarren @SenatorTomUdall @tammyduckworth
as a former educator listening to her confirmation and info on her is scary. Information  Trump's cabinet is nuts!
Thank you for standing up for public education! @Lily_NEA @NEANewMexico @joinnealc
https://gadflyonthewallblog.wordpress.com/2017/01/29/u-s-public-schools-are-not-failing-theyre-among-the-best-in-the-world/@ask5890 … @nmscienceteach @MartinHeinrich @Lily_NEA @NEANewMexico
https://gadflyonthewallblog.wordpress.com/  (link broke above)
@AdrianaDynamite Thank you, thank you , thank you!!!
Why the no vote?
I live in NM and I strongly disagree with your vote. Status quo is not working. We need more choice.
if they deserve better start by resigning
thank you for your opposition to Betsy DeVos 
- a NM teacher
Sorry you feel that way about not voting for President's Trump cabinet picks.  You will not get my vote this next election!
Thank you for not voting for DeVos.  Please do not vote to fund the Wall.
THANK YOU!!!! I've called your office several times on this isssue. THANK YOU for hearing us.
As an educator and parent of an NM student, thanks--but please be loud as to why DeVos is so dangerous. It's not partisan.
I am inclined to vote for your opponent in the next election. New Mexico deserves better.
I'm with you!  We need a qualified, pro-public-school nominee who can take on the problems with expertise and compassion.
thank you for standing up for our children. #DumpDevos
the one thing I may ever agree with you on. She is incompetent. We need someone who actually knows education
thank you
Please vote NO on Sessions and Tillerson as well.
and I'll make sure to vote against you in 2018. #NewMexicoDeservesBetter
thank you for Standing up for teachers and student's rights to a good education. @BetsyDeVos failed her senate hearing
Less illegal immigration= better schools.
I agree! Thank you for putting students first by voting no to Betsy DeVos.
thank you-she is woefully unqualified
a proud New Mexican strongly opposes DeVos..unfit candidate.   Thanks for the vote No
Wrong, worst nominee ever. Nasty woman.  Loser.
Today at the DeVos hearing was beyond words. NO. Please continue NO and reaching out to the other side of the isle.
Thank you, Senator Heinrich.
the ban on Muslims travelling to our country is blatantly racist and hateful
thank you
You guys need to stop this bullshit patting yourselves on the back. U better vote no on all of them & everything. Do your job or your out
.@MartinHeinrich You need to vote NO on EVERYTHING We are in a battle for our country Stand Up Speak Out Fight Back #Resistance
Thank you for your NO vote on DeVos!
Thank you! That is the right decision!!! Thank you from Indiana.
thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you!
#PotusIsAmericasEmbarrassment
thank you!
thank you for your vote to protect our children. We will not allow the privatization of our schools.
Good. Keep it up.
Thank you! for NO on Betsy DeVos
Thank you from a parent of students at great public schools, one child receiving services under IDEA.
thank you!
Oh that's good know! One less call I have to make for that! #
Thank you for looking out for New Mexico's children.  She is embarrassingly unqualified!
Thank you!
Thank you!
thank
vote for...."  I insist on total obstruction, just like we've been handed for the past 8 years.
Thank you!  I hope you continue to vote no on all remaining nominees.  I a so tired of hearing dems saying "I saved my no
Thank you!!!
can we also vote no on New Mexico's already bad public education system?
Why? She wants #schoolchoice and so do I.  Our kids in NM are held hostage by the teachers' unions and failing schools.
thank you!
Thank you!
thank you.
Thanks Martin!!!!
Thank you!!
thank you! Keep fighting the good fight for all of us!
Please do not let this wall against Mexico be
thank you Senator. Plz continue to not vote for unqualified or compromised appointments
thank you.
thank you!
Ok, POTUS is insane.   Please impeach him b4 he destroys our country.
Thanks for support of public education, children who need IEPs, and students across all states.
Thank you!! And please vote No on Jeff Sessions too!!!
you are really a partisan politician, no statesmanship. Remember at elec time. Us independents do remember.
and we will offset your stupid vote mike and protect equality in this country.
Thank you
American education not for sale.
No refunds if your child is fails because you bought the sales pitch. Trump U!
Thank you for your efforts!
Thank you!
Thank you!
that's why we want you to confirm her! NM politicians & educators should decide how 2 educate NM, not some bureaucrat in DC.
Thank you
thank you
thank you!
Then you are not with us.
Thank you. Please come visit my classroom anytime.
Excellent::::::
oh thank you!
Thank you!
thank you. How about the others?
If you were with me, you would vote YES! She will be a breath of fresh air!
killing public education is not, "a breath of fresh air," idiot.
Thank you for standing up for our children!
@tomudall What about NM's other Senator?
thank you
@AFTNM thank you !
Thank you. Don't be afraid of this paranoid narcissist @realDonaldTrump and his team of henchmen. #noBetsyDeVos
Thank you!!
Vote no on Tillerson and the AG from AL too!
keep it up... you're on the losing side and you're not getting off to a good start...
Thank you!
did big pharma say it was ok this time?
Thank you Mr. Heinrich!!!
thank you!!!
Good. No on the rest of that dreadful pack.
thank you, sir!
Please work to convince other Dems to also vote NO. This is no time for placating. It's a GOP war against our democracy.
@SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis hopefully NC senators will follow.
thank you.
I'm going to need a few more NO votes out of you than that!
thank you!
thank you!
