Current program encourages people to quit jobs and go on Medicaid or stay at low paying to qualify for Medicaid.
I don't believe that!  You will have people no matter what the program is that will game the system.  The system needs Fixing, I agree!
Live in an area where there is high use of social welfare programs. Nails, feet, hair perfectly done and I have to watch my pennies.
I have seen it also. We have a employee plan that has a high ded and I have a child with disability.  I agree Washington needs to 2gether!
Wish  2 parties could get it together.I don't know about you but sick of obstructionist tactics and political posturing on both sides
I totally agree!
Pre-existing condition treatment will bankrupt family. Forget retirement. Have to hope no new health issues ever arise in our lifetime.
My husband will never be able to retire. I have MS, and that is a pre existing condition. We could never afford Healthcare again. Sad!
I have a child with Autism who may never be able to hold a full time job, we too worry about pre-existing conditions ...what will we do???
The ACA provided us with the ability to be insured up to now prohibitive because of age and prior health issues. Not perfect, but insured.
Agreed not perfect bc of @gop amendments to the bill but at least @TheDemocrats gave their colleagues a voice. More than they are given now
"We have to pass the bill before we can see what is in it." -Nancy Pelosi #TryHarder
Poor baby has to score points by taking a quote out of context
Poor snowflake getting triggered by actual words that were spoken.
In context, she meant that you have to pass the bill to see the benefits. ACA was private market because of GOP. No closed doors.
80% of methadone clinic clients use Medicaid.  Clinics close, clients turn to street drugs, crime rises, many will die.
I have meet quite a few people who benefited from ACA. I am concerned that Trumpcare would squeeze me and my kids out of hc
better coverage because the GOP plan will be better!
Best health care was before oboma care. 21 million had insurance. Oboma killed that to help 7.2 million that couldn't afford insurance.
At 12,000 out of pocket a year take and give me something else, I can't be worse
As a 67 yr old man, I fear the loss of coverage and care with my deteriorating body from childhood Polio. There is no compassion in the GOP.
When I first went to work I paid $20 a week for family coverage with a $250 deductible, what's changed? Greed, money changes everything.
Have health insurance thru work. In 2016 husband's max out of pocket cost were raised to $12,000, company said because ObamaCare allowed it?
I will pay four thousand more a year. And i have 4 preexisting conditions! I live a healthy life now because i have care. For now.
1) My FIL has hemophilia&MIL terminal cancer. His clotting factor for even dental work is 80,000 due to being allergic to the reg one not...
I won't lose my coverage.
I'm lucky enough to have it. I'd gladly pitch in to help others. Keep fighting for those who need it
I am 53, have melanoma and a brain tumor.  Probably won't have much hope if I lose my health care coverage due to Trumpcare.
Most of my behavioral health clients wouldn't be able to access care.
I won't lose my health care coverage.
A stupid and loaded question. Let's asked what would happen if the ACA were replaced with a more affordable program.
We better hope nothing happens to our health or we will be in debt for the rest of our lives. Consider the cost of shooting victim.
If it gets too expensive guess I'll let it lapse & commence hoping I never get too sick, and also that I die quickly when the time comes.
2)sure how we would pay for that or his multi dangerous heart surg. MIL is on palliative care(includes meds,comfort radiation,nurses etc.)
My deductibles will skyrocket because of Pre-existing condition, and I will not be able to afford to have a baby.
Your party is to blame for this future we have. Stop pointing the finger at the other party. You did nothing but destroyed america.
I am a two time cancer survivor and have just been diagnosed with diabetes. #45 would just kick people like me to the curb. Get him out!
These guys arn't telling you the ACA. is failing badly and will collapse of its own weight In 3-5 years. We must do something
3 kids w/dyslexia, #ADHD & sensory issues APS useless
Im chronic migraineur
So we will have to pick treatments&ins or not living on street
Lost it with Obamacare! Can't use bc deductible is too high and premiums too high! Need new healthcare!!
I would lose the ability to manage my PTSD. That would be living hell and brings on suicidal ideation. No hyperbole here.
My daughter has severe special needs-Medicaid covers her health care AND services-her quality of life/health stability will be decimated
I'd get a job
I would become cripples due to back issues. #saveourhealthcare
I'd lose access to medications I take for my heart and I'd fail out of college because I'd have no energy to work.
I have type 2 diabetes. I am a small business owner, with a small income. I get help for Rx which retails for over $800/month. I will die.
Duh, DIE! Do you get it now?
I stopped going to doc/buying health insurance the the year before Obamacare... premium was 30% my salary. Won't see doc til I'm dying.
18 yr old child with Autism, concerned that once he is off our policy will he be able to find insurance.  Living in fear over #Trumpcare
Devastation!
DHHS monitors/Providers would lose their jobs in private/govt settings. MH/SA/DD residential & nursing homes would close.
My husband cannot retire I have pre-existing conditions from a surgery that went wrong. We would have to sell everything we own to afford it
My son's life would be shortened.
This is my son. He has cystic fibrosis. His medical costs are already more than $30,000 a year, and will only increase as he lives longer 
You can pretend AFA is great; voters know it's broken if you aren't poor or rich. My middle class relatives pay but can't afford deductible
Nothing anyone says will matter unless it can be tied to a depletion within the GOP pocketbook.
We have ins through our employment it's a PPO and great. Why can't the ACA just be fixed. Why rip it apart and screw all of us!
I would die.
I served my Country Honorably just to have my Country turn it's back on my child and slowly kill her.
#VeteransResist
For the rest of her life which with Trumpcare she will never receive and can and will die.  She relies on Medicaid. 7/8
She has a shunt running from the right side of her brain with draining tube running under her skin to her stomach. She will need surgery 6/7
The Repulican bill will be passed without your input and will be more limited. Get in there and compromise.
From that ER they requested Life Flight to be flown to Cooper Medical in Camden NJ, the weather wasn't flyable so we went by Ambulance 5/6
No explanation go now tell them she needs a C.A.T. Scan.  Results my beautiful baby girl was born with Hydrocephalus.
  4/5
Why didn't you ask this when people on OBAMACARE did lose there insurance and there doctor. And now can't afford there premiums.
PLEASE get Democrats in the discussion. What might be passed would be bipartisan plan. Obamacare is in a nosedive.
Take notice @marcorubio
I lose access to the medications that enable me to work and function. I lose my job. I may lose my life.
He came in took one look at my daughter and took a tape measure out and measured her head. We were directed to go immediately to ER 3/4
So we took her home, @ 6 months she became paralyzed on the left side, rushed her to Pediatricians, new Dr. at office 2/3
Diabetic: tests, meds, doc visits, & specialty docs, that happen multiple times a year would become $$$$. Sicker&Sicker
self employed & 50+, so my premiums skyrocket w/out same coverage; husband has medicare; sis & bro in law same boat, but they have preexist
Thank you for caring. I have osteoarthritis, bursitis & fibromyalgia. I have to get shots every 3 mos. plus a lot of meds. I'm on Obamacare.
We quit corporate jobs to work from home and raise our son. We will not be able to afford insurance without #ACA Aren't Rebs profam entrep?
If I am unable to have them I will surely die!  I need it and am scared I will lose it!  
Propose thousands of amendments during vote-a-rama to delay the vote.
I'm 61 and in good health so I'll risk everything and go without until I qualify for Medicare, if that's still available when Mitch is done.
Oh it should be there they keep taking it from my paycheck unless they use it for something else like they do with social security. Not free
Right. Not an entitlement. I paid for SS and Medicare for 45YEARS
How is it Canada/UK dont put their people in poverty becuase of medical bills but we do? I mean are we not a premium nation of the world?
I know people in Canada, it's according to what you need it takes 6 to 12 mo. For something major if you don't die they come to the US.
I lived in the uk, got sick, got into dr w/i 2 wks, diagnosed w/ chronic illness 2 wks later. No worries abt $, no free ride, paid my taxes
In uk long waits generally are for non-urgent. If it's urgent it's pretty good.
Well I'm not.  So were good.
I'd die.
Both Reps and Dems failed on healthcare. Obamacare is BROKE & I dont have high hopes for the Rep solution... Can't you guys work together?
