What else can we do? How do the poor fight the rich. We must stand together for all
Wisconsin has an unemployment rate of 3.1% while New Mexico is at 6.1%. Is TRUMP a businessman or President of all the states ?
Heinrich the Hammer, we are with you!
OMG, how pathetic
Why did President Loser 
negotiate on behave of Paul Ryan to bring Foxconn to Ryan's district in Wisconsin which will create many jobs.
Who are you fighting for?
Stay strong!
Thank you @MartinHeinrich ! So deeply thankful for your opposition ! #rightsideofhistory
#Now #repeal YOUR #exemption from #Obamacare since it is SO Great.
I am done with you in New Mexico, anyone with me, New Mexico is the worse run state in the nation
Keep Fighting, Senator!
HE JUST VOTED TO REPEAL-
what did you just fkn vote for? I DONT GET IT???
Not everyone wants or needs health care.  Repeal ObamaCare.  Open free market with individual choices.
Why wasn't Foxconn brought to where the jobs are really needed in New Mexico. President Loser likes Wisconsin more, he did win that state
Stop your fear mongering!
Heinrich for President 2020
Are you intentionally bankrupting our country and destroying our healthcare system?
I'm with you. Making daily calls to Senator Rubio
We're with you. Fight & we stand. Thank you for your courage.
Definitely with you. If they get close please add a rider for immediate implementation. They're trying to keep their jobs with 2 yr delay!
Thank you for fighting for us. I wish you were my senator.
just expand MEDICARE to everyone...paid by payroll taxes costs offset by savings to individual & cos save of ins premiums & deductibles...
Yes! You should go tell them! Haha
No
I pay for my family's healthcare. My former party is ripping retirement from me. We borrow to pay $4k premium #Trump2020
GOP head asks Dems for their plan... Please show them Dems have solutions to fix ACA and help Americans...
THANK YOU from Ca lady that traveled USA as poster child for genetic kidneys that are failing during WRONG administration and will die!
DONE? What Have You Done?Your OFC. Can't Even Answer Messages w/A Policy Stand or Ltr 2 Constituents!As A NM Citizen,What's Your Position?
We are all with you. All over AMERICA!
Government can Not compel anyone to purchase a product. Unconstitutional!
Yes. Thank you for your No vote yesterday. We must keep fighting.
Keep up the hard work. Refuse their "we don't care " plan. Single payer? Economy stable cuz people have healthcare!
What exactly have you done? What ACTIONS have you taken? Complaining isn't action sir. It's the lack of.
no im not, stop.being obstructionist
Obama Care increased Medicaid Enrollment 3 fold ! It is a Total failure! A Deficit Hog ! It accounts for 1/6 of Federal Deficit !
@lsfarmer311 I am with anybody who cares about and will help all of humanity not just the few!!
You should get rid of bureaucratic waste within medicine
You need to understand that the ACA is nothing but a scam that's making insurers, business executives, technologists, lawyers  wealthy
I called you. Your assistant didn't know when your last town hall was or when your next town hall will be. I left message for you to call me
No...I'm not with you!!ACA is failing.My deductible and coverage throughBC/BShas changed drastically for the worse.I want u2 stop resisting.
Thank you for standing with us.
I'm not saying, just asking, who is the millions? Who Gonna Die #WGD
I'm with you.
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE!
TY #NoRepeal
Thank you @MartinHeinrich for addressing my ? on how Trumpcare impacts Indian healthcare. Will do my part in sharing.
The fight will persist. That said, there are so many satanic Extremist Right Wing GOPers currently in Congress, battle will be long & hard.
The greatest healthcare was destroyed 8 years ago by democrats,  now americans have to take the burden,  thanks dems
I'm with you. Keep up the fight
Called this morning. Keep up the fight for us!
Definitely with you. Please continue to fight. I stopped calling you about this because I know you're fighting. I will call to say thank you
He wouldnt get on the phone and talk to you either? Or call you back?
Thank you!!! Wish we could be there with you
We're with you Mr. The Heinrich
Thank you!  I am with you!
Obamacare is the chaos along with all other "progressive" policies that kill the middle class. Your no champion for the working men & women.
I agree with you James!
Please stop this insanity from the Rs. I can't even with their bullshit.
I watched you on live feed in NM! Thank you for fighting GOP ACA repeal attempts! Proud in NM!
Good, neither are we!
We may be a little battered and bruised but we'll fight on after #HappyHourDrinks
No. I'm not with you. I will oppose you. You're not looking out for the ppl of NM.
Hi, Martin...we are totally with you in this...we really need your help with getting the whole crummy Trump team removed and impeached..ASAP
jan 2014
It’s Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
ACA doesn't work for my family but you continue to not care about them. YOU need to work with GOP on improvements.
I'm absolutely with you! I keep thinking I should call U, but U have my complete support! I like the idea of monkey-wrenching by amendments!
email the Republican Senators at this link
https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm …
You are so kind. They are so mean, mean and then again MEAN.
No
I'm not with him either.  We need to really get every person who is not happy with the resistance & get him voted out in 2018.
Yup.  we are with you. #Resist #ResistTrumpcare
thank you. we're with you
NO WAY!
#MedicareForAll
Fighting isn't working. Time to stop preaching to the choir. Reach across the aisle to your colleagues and change some minds.
We want same plan u have! Or have congress get on plan ur trying to put America on!! Get busy and earn ur health coverage
Thank you Senator
Yes, I am with you!
Fix what is wrong with ACA that allows ins comp.'s to price people out of healthcare. The whole country would be w/ you. Keep what's right.
"Health Care" =/= "Health Insurance". They're not interchangeable. Make a more honest argument.
Mandate that all pay. Fine those who don't or imprison them after a deadline. Increase Fees for Most Middle Class. Hmm sounds like servitude
@MartinHeinrich is a warrior. I'd consider moving to NM just to vote for him. We need a Democratic warrior to run for POTUS. He could be it.
Yes! Thank you for standing up, speaking out & doing the right thing
Hell, YES!
No! no I'm not the last president lied to everyone but I don't think this one will.
Thank you sir!  We are with you!
Thank you, Senator. Keep on fighting.
Thank you sir.
Yes. Run for President. @TomPerez @TheDemocrats
Yes!
I like Heinrich!!

We need our freedom restored what was done to harm many Americans in 2009 is shameful
Yes!
Where are your rich D cronies going after Rs. Wake up Sir. This country is falling apart as is or it will be for rich only.
take a hike you goof! plus who are you talking to. any audience???
So you're willing to still let millions of hard working Americans pay more than their fair share to give free to those who don't?
@TheDemocrats @CNNPolitics @MSNBC @FoxNews @greta @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Now lets see a Public Display of All the Real Folks the ACA helps
Lol...laughable.
With you!
Thank you, sir, for standing up for the little guy.
With You!
Support You!
Never will stop.
I am. #TheResistance #DAResists #OnwardTogether
Will be back on the phone and emailing tomorrow.
Fight for #FullRepeal
Just tell us what to do next!
Yes! Stay strong!
I'm with you.
Yes
STOP EVIL DEMS @GOP MUST VOTE YES FOR #ACARepeal  

https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/889982540467109888 …
It is difficult not to be discouraged
So, are you running 2020? :)
Thank you! Im glad we have some sane people to represent us!!!!
I am with you !  I will fight for healthcare as an American Right !  There are more of us. We will not go quietly.    We Will Not Go !!!
Bravo, sir. You are a fighter and you do your country proud.  #theresistance

Is this true?
Senate expected to vote at 8 pm on a modified Obamacare repeal and replace bill
All the way!
I'm with you!
No
Yes sir!
Yes we are. Are you with us ??
you all got some academy award act going on. go the floor and propose working on the exchanges without touching the Medicaid expansion
Of course I am. But to truly do so, we must find common ground as a Nation.
How is it that a bill with 17% approval proceeds through the Senate with 51% approval? Our democracy has failed u
Hey Just Mary where were you when Obamacare passed in the dead of night???? Hypocrite.
Flood in amendments, Senator.
GET IT, MARTY!
I am DEF with you, Martin!
Thank you Senator
Absolutely. And ready to knock on Ohio doors when you run in 2020.
I wish. Too many don't have your courage & the outcome is already decided. I'm done.
Let Republicans cannibalize themselves for a while. They'll wish McCain had voted 'no' today.
#giveemenoughrope
