A miracle would be ONE PERSON in the White House telling the truth.  Just ONE person, telling the truth about ONE thing. Seems impossible.
Agreed.  And, he should have stayed in the climate meeting. No excuse for that waste of time encounter. He has to go#25th amendment NOW.
Tillerson said he did.
What in the media leads you to believe that?
I supported Martin but you've become such a blue dog it's so sad... you are not good for NM
WE ARE DOOMED
He did - apparently he said "Cut it out"
He "pressed". I take that to mean he shook hands while thanking him for handing him the election and Putin laughed (*denied). & moved on.

@MartinHeinrich you don't even knows what that means!  Your a politician! That's it! You have never served your country!  Grow Up Jr. Sen.
So if Obama knew about the Russians in August and you are on the Senate Intel committee-when did you first know Russians interfered?
Exactly what would you do?  Enjoy losers bashing the President, so U.S. can keep looking pathetic.  What will you do with no America?
If, if, if.
A violation of his oath to defend the constitution
To bad Martin he is a great man
Martin your on the senate committee for this Russian thing! You know it was more than that
*youre
Hmm will Putin where a condom w/ Trump today?

I so agree
And we wonder why NM is last in everything.
Well how do YOU know?? Besides, there are people's lives at risk and that should be addressed!!
Does Congress not understand the meaning of treason?
Sure but is anyone surprised?
Air Force One needs to be restricted to domestic air space
You are so right!
Uh huh.  Like democrats have any room to tweet.
This is not about parties. It is about our country. Trump is an embarrassment and incompetent.
Just your opinion.
This entire presidency has been a dereliction of duty and an embarrassing humiliation. I hate the way the rest of the world is viewing us!
Well, we all know that having those bare arms hang out are just the liberals way of distracting those innocent GOP men.
Please question POTUS  whether he believes US Intel agencies or President Putin's version on election hacking

It was downright treasony and it sure makes it look like the Steele Dossier is true
you lied and Politico is FAKE NEWS! Please NM vote this liar do nothing out of office!
@FoxNews ah ha you're a SEER
Two hours and 16 minutes of conversation is a long time to talk and not have it come up at all. Instead our President is an "honored" fool!
so what? They sanctioned him. And no proof it was Putin
#impeach. He is the most corrupt #POTUS in #US history.   #saveourdemocracy #25thAmendmentNow
It appears he's leaning in for a kiss...
Stop the passivity! Say it! He chickened out, sold out, high treason, blood on his tiny hands! #HurryUPComey
How can potus upset his boss.
An "honor" really Trump you are a traitor to the US!!
Exactly! Why would we expect anything less from a treasonous lying cowardice derelict like @realDonaldTrump ?
TRUMP IS NOT THE PRESIDENT!   Get it through your thick skull.
Stop calling trump the president.   Stop being stupid Martin.
@OmniaQuaerite @politico at what point has he FULFILLED a duty?
What do you mean by "if"? You know damn well he didn't. You got jokes, amirite?
Alleged Russian interference since NO evidence has been presented. Only toxic media #propaganda driven by #russophobia .
Impeachment cannot come soon enough
Can't wait to #Impeach this #ChiefHack #Treasonist #LiarInChief #CorrupterInCharge #Manbaby
Israel practically "owns" ALL of Congress, w cash contributions&bribes; so where's the concern for that interference, influence & meddling?
Senator, 2020? NM loves you. After testimonys, Many More Support You!!
If the room isn't bugged and no notes taken, here's what likely happened: Putin showed Trump how to "sanction" him and open a back channel.
He won't raise anything that Vladimir threatened him not to-Russians have so much dirt on Trump Crime Family-they have Donnie by the balls.
But not really surprising is it?  Doesn't comport with trump's 'agenda.'
So when is Congress deciding to take action.. I can't believe no one in WH can set things right for this country..
You kidding me right, diriliction of duty? Trump has committed a treason, period. It's time to arrest this SOB!
Please do something. Trump is dismantling our State Dept. and other agencies, he is undermining our basic freedom of speech & voting rights.
Let's be honest his whole presidency is a dereliction of Duty that's the fault of @gop for putting party before country.
T: Do you want our nuclear launch codes?
P: Nope, already got them from Flynn.
Just please don't release the tapes, anything you want I will deliver, or Pence, yep, Pence can as well
that's a big "if" and one you have no way of confirming. your motive is transparent. shame!
Please do something about it.
Apparently, we'll never know
And everyone commenting here is just as useless...
Well then, that includes you.
He raised it. Saying it was BS and talking crap about our intel agencies and slamming Obama most likely.
His entire time in office is a dereliction of duty. Oh, and he's handing out country over to the Kremlin. Mueller and Congress best hurry.
Of course he didn't. Today should erase any doubt re: campaign collision with Russia. They're not even trying to hide it now. #TrumpRussia
Dereliction of duty is on Trump's daily agenda. No reason today should be any different, it's just a question of how much he gives away
Of course he did not. This guy cannot confront a butterfly!
You don't know that. Can't you say anything positive. Oh that's right resist
#25thAmendmentNow he has violated his oath of office to protect America.
He failed to uphold his OATH!!!
His whole time in office has been a dereliction of duty.

Oh Martin. Do u actually do anything or just criticize the president. Your like a professional Monday morning quarterback. Sad. Do some good
And the list grows longer...
Why did the DNC not surrender their servers as part of the investigation into #RussianHacking? Why do you refuse to hold them accountable?
Oh... BTW, when is the DNC going to release the hacked server to advance the investigation into the Russian hacking of it? #WhatisDNCHiding?
That's right! Trump should have called him a fascist, set his car on fire and dumped some garbage! That would fix it
He said, :It was an honor to me you.”  This to someone who ordered the attack on our election (help Pres win), what does that say? Treason?
The only interference in the US election was by DNC staffers, @HillaryClinton and the Obama Administration. #Communists #Traitors
Not to mention CNN #DebateQuestions
Does that also apply to Obama who knew about interference in August 2016 and said naught? Kept it quiet? Such hypocrisy!
Obama used cyber weapons, talked to Putin. Interfering in Electon was publicly announced same day as Trump's Sexual Assault Tapes
So you admit that Obama was derelict in his duties by not addressing Russian interference back in August, 2016. 
Good of you to do so.
Yup!
Absolutely
