Come on, @AP care enough to name the tribe and TALK ABOUT THIS MORE. Trump thinks no one cares. #nodapl #waterislife
BREAKING: Tribe fighting Dakota Access oil pipeline files legal challenge to try to block project's completion.
@JordanChariton propaganda soo much prop!!!
@PrairiePlayer 
.
..
Every Souix gets a government paycheck each month whether they work or not. Having a pipeline job doesn't matter to them.
You may want to check your facts. It does not cross reservation lands.
The American government holds the deeds to the reservation and the other land is owned by private citizens. Sorry.
Another reason why nothing gets done in this country Ppl Allowed 2 stop or Halt progress is detrimental 2 our country's growth!
this pipeline is not detrimental to our country's growth. It's just feeding into the hands of big oil not renewable energy
Its called energy independence from terrorist countries! What don't you understand about this? It Creates jobs &Independence
Cindy, research this... the majority of this oil is NOT for domestic use. Exports line the pockets of oil CEO's
I realize this but it's not 100% we just don't want 2b blackmailed by Arab countries anymore! Two sides 2 this!
so it's okay to make big oil companies rich & ship our oil overseas? And Trump owning part of the pipeline is ok?
your lack of reflection in your own thoughts is mind boggling.
What's Mind-boggling is simply ur Small Mind! Go Debate 1st grader they think way U do everything is either black or white!
...,,,,,,,,.
.
...
.,.,.

.,,,?..

,.
,
.@AP Simple solution...
Donald Trump has a business interest in this pipeline project ethics violation!
instead of draining the swamp he is filling it full of billionaires ready to screw the average American
you think of these people from Goldman Sachs and who make these huge salaries care (cont) http://tl.gd/nnf4kn 
@MartinHeinrich Finish the pipeline already
why can't they reroute the pipes around the lake rather than going under their water source?
So let's just add another one, huh?
I understand it's safer. I just wish they could go around then more people are happy and have jobs (temporarily).
the oil pipeline was supposed to go through a predominately white town. Town objected. Then this. Funny huh?
it's sad. I feel so helpless
originally it was supposed to be through a white town near Bismark. Why can't the Sioux get the same respect
.
..,.
.
,.,
,..
Help us know what would be most effective. I'm sick, so I need to do laser-like resistance until I recover.
@JordanChariton Prayers go out to you all. Thank you for your stand that brought so much awareness to my heart. Jordan is a hero too! 

Perfect! A picture is worth a thousand words here. They are still breaking treaties with impunity for $$. Good old amerikkka.
@JordanChariton no dapl!
@JordanChariton well at least the legal profession is finally making money.
@MartinHeinrich @AP 
Good luck.
troll!
Breaking News, Tribe ON THEIR WAY TO DELIVER COMPLAINT lost 2 wheels off wagon so Fauxcahontas Warren read aloud from Johnny Blo ur horn
it's the principle. DT doesn't give a shit that ppl risked their lives to make a point. Divest. Withdraw ur $ from banks supporting oil.
@MartinHeinrich 1)Number of jobs DAPL smaller temporary 2)We already produce so much here prices are low 3) it will add to pollution
@SierraClub challenging is already doing, your tweets need an editor, AP. Cut the fat from your missives. Be direct. don't try...
@SierraClub "there is no try, only do" why press association insists on tentative noncommittal language when #NoDAPL is commited  is ...
Most stand strong. NO WATER, NO LIFE!
Outstanding! Fight this battle in the Courts and not on the proverbial Streets!
I stand with the Native Americans to stop the Pipeline
@SierraClub call Energy Transfer Partners at 214-981-0700 and tell them to stop drilling #NoDAPL
#NoDAPL
How abt the FACT that Gorsuch just
proved he will go along with Trump EVEN WHEN
Trump is WRONG!!!
@ReporterNews libtards tears sooooo salty
THE INDIAN TRIBE IS PROBABLY JUST TRYING TO GET MORE MONEY FROM GOV`T AS USUAL. IT`S GOOD FOR THE LIQUOR BIZ.
troll!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Did you miss these calls? People are unhappy! We will not be silenced! #NoDAPL #NoBannon
fight fire with paper and pen, the only way to get anywhere now.....
link to challenge?
Good Luck Tribe.  Stand for what you believe in. 
Pipeline not even on tribal lands. They're POed because teh've been cut out of the action.
false. Shame on you

Is the proposed location for underwater Dakota pipeline in a potential earthquake zone? Isn't there above ground pipeline in Canada?
@statesman Since when do we let the Indians tell us what to do?
RT @AP: BREAKING: Tribe fighting Dakota Access oil pipeline files legal challenge to try to block project's completion.
@statesman I love the pipeline!
troll!
those Old lines need work, but you idiots have protested every time they try to do the needed updates.
You have to wake up.. CA is not going to stop mining the oil fields. All they will do is sell to somebody else.
.@AP I stand with the tribe
I hope the sight sees millions of protesters. #SaveTheEnvironment #RenewableEnergy
Remember , they are the only nonimmigrants. They have to be respected first.
they may win, but it will be too late...
they don't care about contamination. They just want for federal money. Watch for the settlement sheep. Only about $$$
This is just about one of the stupidest things I've read on Twitter.
“@AP: BREAKING: Tribe fighting Dakota Access oil pipeline files legal challenge to try to block project's completion.” 
thats nice after they trashed the place. Makes alot if sense
this whole situation is so fucked up
ppl did vote 2.8 million more against trump and his f*cked up policies than for.
They are in my prayers. #NoDAPL
Haven't we already seen this movie before?
Why. What about their water. Why not reroute?
Imagine Obama doing everything Trump is now doing.  The GOP would lose their minds.  The GOP is fucking deplorable.
HAHAHAHAHA KEEP CRYING!! #Winning
