Sad to see your value of Americans lives is less important than illegal invaders. Did any of your family serve to preserve American Values
As will Marc Rich.
democrats still crying because the people chose the better person
And accepting the pardon is in no way vindication. On the contrary it's an admission of guilt
Do you mean Arpaio will always be a criminal or Trump, or both.  I can't tell, and either way it would be true.
Oh but someone that Commits treason and are terrorist is ok for Obama to let go. Double standard? Americans are tired of the crap of Dems
Unlike the masked ANTIFA mob you all think are non violent.  Arpaio crime is a misdemeanor.  Unlike Clinton felonies where's your outrage?
Pardoning Arpaio was 100% in line with his brand of criminality--not only will he always be a criminal, he's always been one.
What a delusional statement
Relax, gary. Mind ya business.
Democrats and media are very shitty
unbothered
Low standards. 

Don't care about democracy or rule of law.
Oh gosh....... the irony. 
There is Jon irony here.
Trump the #westie agrees. Arpaio worse then criminal..evil. Top Dog abuser of power to pardon. Taking wrecking ball to democracy. Horrible
By pardoning Arpaio, Trump told his other allies that he will pardon them when RussiaGate criminal charges happen.  They will be safe.
Arpaio announced he will run for the senate. Since he is no longer going to jail, he can run. Congress needs to make a wrong into a right!
...And no thought at all to the hundreds of criminals pardoned by Obama?
“He” meaning Arpaio or Trump?
No the criminals are you liberals and democrats and rhinos in the WH!!
You mean like Seth Rich
All Dems wonder why their losing seats. Just take look in the mirror were tired of the garbage all of the lies you want Americans to believe
YOU NEED TO CLARIFY YOURSELF, WITH THIS STATEMENT!
like you? How many bribes have you taken under the table. How many votes have you sold?
Yep. Joe too.
You mean like obama ?
Lets talk about Obamas pardons, shall we??
Better Get your sh***t Straight.

You lawless democrats we refuse to live in a lawless society . Obama violated federal law daca, sanctuary cities ,catch n release and pot .
Yes he will…oh wait, you meant Sheriff Joe. 
Yes, he will too. A pardon is by definition give to those who have committed crimes.
Obama pardoned Oscar Lopez Rivera. A terrorist! Does that make Obama a terrorist?
Do you understand the difference between commuting a sentence and pardoning a sheriff who disregarded our courts authority entirely?
They do not. Not worth a try.
That's right @RealSheriffJoe . ALWAYS!
just like the thousands obama  pardoned, and they sure as hell didn't serve the public and country like JOE, DO UR JOB YOU DINO
Why are you so full of hate?
For what upholding the law? You liberals are pathetic!
Really of ice was on court room this women would be alive . Notice he not Hispanic
Getting pulled over for not having a license plate not racial profiling . No Id taken into custody not racial profiling . Canada does it .
Illegals are criminals ,and Obama appointee shouldn't have railroaded him and denying his right to jurytrial. Jury of peers would have aquit
You mean trump or arpaio? :)
Obama can pardon manning and he will always be a traitor to american. WHAT NOW
https://twitter.com/RealAssange/status/901576191550799872 …
Obama pardoned more criminals than any prior President, drug dealers, traitors, terrorists, yet that was all ok with everyone...hypocrites..
And you'll always be a criminal for not enforcing this country's immigration laws. Would love to see you in jail for it.
No! The criminals are the ones who refuse to uphold the law. Those that condone illegals into USA!
PUT John McCain on that list of criminals. John McCain was pardoned for TREASON by Nixon,.
People don't realize most of CA, AZ & TX borders fight drug pushing cartel. Aggressive enforcement is needed. Right on with more patrols!
Enough of this. Did you donate $$$ to help the disaster in Texas? Did you volunteer to help gather and package goods to survivors in Texas?
We know DNA doesn't lie, OJ is a cold blooded killer. A sheriff's job is law & order. Why can't anyone focus on how many Sheriff Joe caught
Thank god for president Trump #maga
@SenateDems Yep. Criminal- literally. 
Like the individuals Obama pardoned?
I love and respect artful ambiguity.
Arpaio refused to investigate aprox 400 assault & rape of latino victims. A lot of victims were kids  including a 2 year old. He is evil.
Don't act lk u r not bought. U voted 4 WikiLeaks 2 be declared a hostile actor & against cheap drugs from Canada. Why not expose corruption?
So, Sheriff Arpaio is a criminal for enforcing immigration laws while it was okay for Obama to pardon 300 criminals before leaving office?
Learned the acceptance of a pardon is accepting guilt & makes him open to civil lawsuits. Karma is a bitch. His/trump's time is coming. #SAD
Just like you
not if he's record is wiped clean, he will never suffer any consequences of having a felony on his record.
It takes one to know one apparently regarding TRUMP!
https://twitter.com/dapotts59/status/901385209865793536 …  #25thAmendmentNow
Yes please.  Enough of the bold words & hand wringing. Back those words up w/action. Thx.
You and your Establishment friends can ignore the CRIMINAL ACTS of the Clintons, Obama and Company but we know you looked the other way!
True ... as is the president 

EMOLUMENTS and NEPOTISM 
Is clear in the constitution
Seriously this ridiculous supremecy must be stopped. This sheriff caused death to many in the worst of situations...stop this
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons … #selectiveoutrage
You mean like all the felons that obama pardoned!?
ONLY GUILTY PEOPLE CAN BE PARDONED!
That is what pardons are for. Those convicted of a crime. Of course. He violated a court order.
Oscar Lopez is also a criminal.
And you will always be allowed to say things like that!
but he still got a pardon there stupid... so who is dumb?
Very insightful there, Martin.
And Mark Rich will always be a criminal & Chelsea/Bradley Manning will always be a traitor. @BarackObama will always be divider in chief!
@realDonaldTrump and Arpaio are criminals
Is this true? Is it impeachable?
You misspelled they
Let's talk about real pardons that were wrong,like clinton bro getting out of cocaine charge,& HilLIARy bro 2,real crimes.FALN & MARK RICH
They both will b
One must be a criminal to be pardoned in the first place e
he'll only become a criminal, if he becomes a democRat.
Always Party over country with Democrats. Arpaio was targeted by a vicious UnAmerican DOJ and a broken court system. Denied a jury trial
Sheriff Arpaio dedicated his life to law enforcement. Obviously your Party does not support law enforcement or the rule of law. UnAmerican.
Pretty sure you are as well
Yup. One out of three Americans are s criminal according to our great? Justice system. He belongs to the ranks of the many
Agree
Bet you are OK with all the drug dealers 0bama set free? Hope they don't sell to someone you care about......
Arpaio refused to investigate the rape of a 2 year old because she was latino and 400 other assaults he didn't care about.  You have kids?
Good news: it is entirely okay that you have an unclear antecedent, since "always criminal" can apply to either.
True of all criminals pardoned by all presidents.. but since it's president Trump then we can all stand passionately defiant.. hypocrites
That just shows that Trump hides crimes just like he did Trump Obstructed justice laundry money has ties with Russia mafia

Just like Hillary
To u liberals only
So is he..
Arpaio and Trump may one day end up sharing a cell and a NIP (non-imp person) hell chamber.
"They" will always be criminals.
I think you meant "but they'll always be criminals".
Men like he and Trump have zero honor and they've both been called worse! The only justice is prison time. Do we still hang for treason?
At least he is not a traitor like Chelsea Manning who got soldiers killed looking for him. Obama pardoned a traitor
Arpaio or Trump? Both criminals.
They both will.
But like George Zimmerman and many others, he got away with it.
You can only accept a pardon if you admit guilt.
Same goes for @SenJohnMcCain and his pardon, eh?
So riviera is still a criminal right? The terrorist obama pardoned? That would make him still a criminal
Rivera damn auto correct
This is outrageous. Trump immunizes a Sheriff who tramples American citizens' constitutional rights
#SCARY
RE: Arpaio---Sounds like Jury Nullification is ok now?
Both @POTUS & Arpaio are criminals
Pardon doesn't protect Arpaio fr state lawsuits-those injured by him should sue for damages since pardon=admission of guilt
Just a bit of correction:
President Trump can pardon Joe Arpaio, but they'll always both be criminals.
Same thing can be said of Hillary, immunity would not have to be given if her assistants didn't conduct criminal behavior!
Love the indefinite pronoun! 

Only in the eyes of the Democrats! Joe was railroaded by Obama Admin
As is Bill Clintons brother .
Martin, he is 85 years old.
No u jerk he was not a criminal

Sense when is it a crime to uphold the laws
Can he?? Doesn't doing so mean not abiding vow to uphold constitution? Why allowed to continually undermine whole reason 4 USA existence???
Perfectly stated.
"@SenateDems: RT @MartinHeinrich: President Trump can pardon Joe Arpaio, but he'll always be a criminal."
"@SenateDems: RT @MartinHeinrich: President Trump can pardon Joe Arpaio, but he'll always be a criminal."
Joe Arpaio, transgender, daca, effects less than 1% of citizens, jobs, interest rates, gas prices, stock prices, crime effects all
And a racist. #RacistJoe
Arpaio or Trump?
Accepting a pardon is an admission of guilt. Felon Arpaio now.
equivalent to a misdemeanor. Let's not dramatize.
Both.
Trump or Arpaio. I'm confused.
Were you at the circus of a trial with Obama's appointed judge being the judge jury and executioner?
You got that one right my friend
How is he a criminal when he is enforcing the law, you Demonstrates wouldn't know anything about that would you.
Thank you for not calling him sheriff. Arpaio was a disgrace to the badge, and Trump is a disgrace to this country. They deserve each other.
Amen, Senator! The President's continual assaults on core American values and ethical standards is frightening.
lol a democrat who's worried about values and ethics. That's hilarious! 
Fact!
For doing his job?...How about Hillary, Bill, Loretta, Holder, Learner and sooo many others. Lets call them out as criminals too. #MAGA
that is federal pardon.  must be some state charges that could be pressed
Joe or Trump or BOTH
really.. it appears he didn't follow legal guidelines. Congress is ridiculous & until u ppl do something America has no reason 2 trust u all
IDIOT
As will trump.
Both of them are!
#truth
So he will always be a criminal for enforcing Federal immigration laws? Thank God for Sheriff Joe in Arizona and keeping that state safe!
Do something.
I guess your Bannon Bretbart connection , has finally made it's long awaited entrance ,hope the renovations are not your same old thing.
So is Chelsea Manning pardoned by Obummer. That's why the Pres decides who to pardon not you or I
That would be Slander, defamation of character, spoken like a true democrat.
He was convicted of crime, therefore he is a criminal. In order to receive a pardon, one has to admit guilt. Thanks for playing #trumpanzee
Thank you for your comment and work for NM!
Yeah, great job Martin. New Mexico number one in poverty, unemployment, crime, welfare. Stellar job!
Neither one is a criminal ! And @RealSheriffJoe should have never been tried for anything , as all he was doing is the job he was elected 4
He violated court orders,human rights, the USA Constitution cost AZ over $145 million but good news if he accepts pardon he admits his guilt
You might want to read ! As all he did was what the LEGAL citizens elected him to do ! Defying a judges order is for you libs a everyday ,
You might want to read something other then trump propaganda he lies and is more corrupt and twisted more then a dispatcher
Sure dude sure! You are a schmuck and will always be a schmuck.
If you were trying to protect our citizens and keep out illegals would you like to be called a criminal. 2 sides to the story. Yours sucks.
Brain buddy you suck
So will Bradley Manning.
Yes but this opens the door for other criminals to get off
BOTH OF THEM THAT IS SO TRUE
Yes he will be a criminal and should be in jail
That goes for both of them.
@MartinHeinrich, actually, he won't be a criminal.  That's how pardons work.  Take a civics lesson and do your job.
Well Marty what about Rivera and Manning. Are they crooks
Now he is an admitted Criminal, by accepting the pardon he also accepted guilt.
Wow, you pompous fool
Which one? 
Wow, a @SenateDems attacking an 85 y. o. man who served in law enforcement 4 over 40 years.
#realclass  🖓🖓🖓
Ha well played statement.
Which one? I'd say both
Sheriff Joe was victim of Obama's DOJ witch hunt. Obama pardoned how many real criminals Marty?
I was under the impression Presidential Pardon only valid for Federal & Military crimes & 45 has no legal right to pardon state conviction?
I think it was federal judge orders he violated
I forgot to ask you about that at the Socorro Plaza. I totally agree.
Both will always be criminals. And racists. And xenophobes. And old white men who were handed too much power.
Says the white man with no power. 
criminal for following the law by arresting illegal aliens?  criminals are officials defying the law they swore to uphold
Amen! Once a criminal always a criminal
Trump? Or Arpaio.
A Clinton appointed judge denied Joe a jury trial. Judge Susan Bolton solely made the decision. Her Obama tainted decision has been Trumped.
Arpaio is a monster. Maybe you should learn before u speak.
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
Joe is a great American. So sorry that he slowed the flow of illegal aliens, AKA new Democrats. Has Obama giving up on freeing Terrorists?
I wasn't aware great Americans are baby killers like Arpaio, who also ignored 400+ sex crimes against young girls, the list goes on...
I know his charge, I know his history, I know his cruel abuses of power over many years. They all matter. Wake up heartless broom.
Delusional leftists like you "know" so much that isn't true.
Delusional are the sheep who only believe their Lying Leader Trump & his approved media outlets.
Just like the drug dealers Obama released back to the streets to reoffend and murder like at least one did
True, there is that.
Didn't Obama and Clinton pardon Criminals and I believe Clinton gave a pardon to a brother in law
And yet you applaud when Obama released Gitmo prisoners. turn a blinds eye to BLM and ANTIFA.. Blinds eye to illegals.. blinds eye lawlesnes
You make no sense. You can't always compare Trump to Obama or Hillary. Find another way to defend your President
whining about Obama and Hillary is all the Trumptards have.
And whining about Trump is all YOU do.
Why won't government do anything about Trump?
It takes 2/3rd congressional approval. Republicans hold the majority. At this point it is reflecting on most of them, badly.
