NO Americans will be safe until @realDonaldTrump is out of the WH! Call for impeachment NOW! #ImpeachTrump #DoYourJobs #FakePresident
WRONG
I would trade u for one of them!!!
My kids have had to go part time to college in order to avoid loans.  All I have heard is how DACA kids got an education without loans.
Where did you hear this? Not true
Scholarships!
Then do your job for once! It is in Congress hands. Democrats was the majority when Obama was in office.  What you do then
So is New Mexico turning into Mexico just brake laws and make the ones you want and crap on the Constitution. Take care of American kids.
Thank u sooo much for standing up to 45 for our Dreamers! U have a good heart & good soul! We are lucky to have u in office. God bless you
How many years you guys kick the can down the road on immigration reform and now you care.  Bull crap!!  Too late!! Took this to it a issue.
And your message to black kids "We already own you so we only care about you around election day"
How much do you get paid by the tax payer in America to attack the president as often as possible #Asking4AFriend
America loves LEGAL Hispanics!!
#DREAMers became Americans when they recited the Pledge of Allegiance in school. Can Trump recite the Pledge?
And how long will we be able to say the pledge of allligence for?
They have made it optional in schools. 
Our poor behavior has increased ever since.
Yes screw American citizens and do all for illegals. Typical democrats
You obviously don't know anything about what it takes to be covered by daca.

Awesome!! Thank you senator!! New Mexico is a wonderful place to live.
Then New Mexico can have all the dreamers. NM can support them all.
New Mexicans  do not live with  racism. We live in in harmony with  diverse cultures- led by examples, not by race
Amen
We will fight for dreamers!
Stop talking and start voting to make it a law.
Maybe you should go back and review what #Obama said about #DACA!  Pass legislation!
Take the LEAD and initiate!
Thank you and well said @MartinHeinrich
Yet you did? Congress's inaction caused this.
What action have you taken in past few years to rectify situation for Dreamers? NONE..like all Congress sitting back and collecting $$$
America, stand up!  #Daca #DACAWorks
Any libs ever thought about trying to get them citizenship dems don't give a rat's behind they just want their vote legally or illegally
A republican Congress voted it down and illegals can't vote.
Thank you for your humanity
I did NOT walk out today. ;)
#GOP2SCARED #GOPPAIDOF #GOPPAY4PLAY #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #Scruples4Rubles #NotGood #SILENTGOP #COMPLICITGOP
Law breakers ...
TY Sen Heinrich for speaking up for Americans. #ProtectDREAMers #ProtectDACA #Resist
Heinrich '20
We must force Republicans in Congress to capitulate yet again for the good of the nation.

We must protect these Americans from deportation.
Thank you for your effort in this fight Senator.
It's in your hands now Sen. Heinrich. You will be held accountable by your constituents one way or another.
But you give up on citizens in a heartbeat! #hipocrite
I thought California was "New Mexico" 
Having shots of Tequila w/@VicenteFoxQue now Marty? 
#Dreamers  US soooo much right #DACArepeal 
Actions speak louder than words. Get to work and come up with meaningful legislation. Dreamers can't vote. I do!
We're giving up on them they need to start up the process of becoming citizens and be a legal part of our country
You gave up on paying for the wars though because things at the VA are only getting WORSE. Send these dreamers to fight the next one.
Some already are & have died for America!
#DefendCACA
Senator Heinrich if you're so concerned with immigrants why do you hide right-wing extremist groups and refuse to bring them to justice?
Bot Alert!!
What makes u think I'm a bot lol
LOL, yourself
You'd think the democrat party would realize that supporting illegals over US citizens is a losing policy, but nope!
And...what is your message to YOUNG AMERICANS?  Sounds like you Dems telling young Americans that their dreams don't matter.
Must be alib the so scared you going to lose your votes need a dependent under class
The time to save it is over, work together to pass legislation and vote yes, you r not helping them by resisting
Well said!!! Please run for president!!!!
Open your home up to dreamers & you support them.
Beautifully put, Senator. Dare I say.. Presidential.

Why not do your job & stand up for US citizens.
Their protests do not change the law. That is YOUR job! @POTUS is NOT wrong. You need to do YOUR job & quit dragging your feet all the time.
If they are gone I'm sure you'll forget about them within 24 hrs you'll have a plan to get votes another way

What exactly was your take when obama enacted this horrible disastrous law to bypass Congress?youre not the president so go sit somewhere
You already did dude. You did not legislate. You just say there and let Obama's illegality ride. Now it's time to DO YOUR JOB
Thank you Senator! 
Talks cheap! Get to work.......................
Wish there was a way we (all USA) could sign up to legally adopt each one to protect their status.
Dreamers, if you are currently in the #DACA program, You can still apply for 2 year extension by updating all personal information! #Gotcha
I have a message for @MartinHeinrich go to work!  quit your platitudes and do your job!
Blow it out your butt.
I have a message for dreamers...blame your parents for breaking the law.
How does that help, at all. They are here & have lived as Americans & work & have lives here.

Thank you for standing up for New Mexicans. Please keep fighting for us! Most feel helpless w what is going on!
No #buildthewall No #daca you can't keep letting our borders be overrun with drugs and illegal aliens! #votethemout Protect American workers
I have message also.  Bye bye now.
