My husband, right now, waiting for his 4th brain surgery. Without ACA, he'd never had made it past his 2nd. Please fight with all you have!
My childhood sweetheart and the guy thebkids in the neighborhood call, "The King of Fun." He's our everything.
I'm sure he is your everything but it's not Americans responsibility to pay for healthcare of anyone.
Yes it is, we help other nations, vaccines, Dr's w/O boarders, r u nuts, we r a civilized ctry (were b 4 Trump), 33 1/3 tax ded from pay
You think vaccines is helpful ? Only for getting autism.
Eubela, typhoid, polio, yellow fever 
TB, Melania, just a few, & smallpox eradicated w/vaccines, scarlet fever & polio
The vaccines used when I was a kid aren't the same as today .Dr.have told us they are poison once they are told the recipe
The deadly contagious diseases r proven controlled by vaccines. Dr's name & credentials pls. Not Jenny
The only way he could do that is if he believed in limited government.
Or is it the fake tax bill for all the Cronies they've ever loved before? Or is it taking $ from education & hungry kids 4 Wall of Hate?
Yes how, is the question that a clever adversary would figure out & show the People. Is it big tax cut 4 wealthy or #RichGetRicherBudget
U did on Obamacare.
Because it rips health care from millions.
#ThisIsTheGOP
The Republican ones. After this horrendous, dismal day I have lost faith in the Party.
Self-interest.  They know its madness, but excuse it for self-interest. Gov't officials did it under Hitler, too.
Because Republicans have NO CONSCIENCE. like their ruler Trump, who doesn't govern, he rules. His mindless supporters like sheep, follow rlr

Conscience?
You'd have to have a good conscience, which leaves out "Trump is my man" @SenToomey
How in good conscience? Easy to do cuz they have no conscience to be bothered with.
Because they have no backbone.More afraid of losing jobs & having DJT on their backs than helping majority of Americans.Sold souls to devil.
Pretty easily, apparently, given what's happened recently. Here's to keeping up the good fight against this disgraceful mess.
@SenPatRoberts
How can any senator vote in good conscience for a secret bill that rips health care from millions & opposed by every patient/medical group? 
Because the prevailing attitude of the GOP is some people matter and some don't.
They don't have consciences. So, there's that.
Heh heh.  "Conscience".  It's a lovely thought, though.
Easy answer. They have no conscience.
Because they forget who they work for. Bought by insurance companies who only care about $$$$$
Better qn: how many US senators have a conscience? I guess we are about to find out. But one who doesn't: Mitch McConnell.
There not, they are voting for a big tax cut and the powers that put the money in their coffers.
It's called GOP winning and desecrating everything President Obama! Notice I still call him president, something I will never call T!
Yes, @SenTedCruz & @JohnCornyn, how?
Easy for the GOP. They have no conscience and care only for power and their corporate overlords. $$$s trump citizens (pun intended)
Thank you, Senator Durbin, for voting your conscience. Proud to have you representing all of us in Illinois on this critical policy issue.
How indeed, because they are immoral
"In good conscience" is the key phrase. Most GOP bootlicks serve their corrupted party, not their constituents.
Oh come on now. You KNOW how:

You work with them. You tell us, sir. IMO what's driving them is emotional and irrational and venal. Speak truth to their power.
@DavidCornDC This is what we've been saying!!!
You assume all senators are "good" and have a "conscience"
Good conscience?  Well, sir, that eliminates the entire aisle opposite you.
Why don't you people just R&Replace w/ the same medical insurance you all enjoy!
How do you know all of this if it's a secret bill? Stay true to your propagandist ways. The sheep will follow and not think for themselves.

Good Conscience??? 
When you have a bad conscience, you can do anything.
It is obvious that the senate and the house do not give a crap about Americans.  We need to accept that. No longer do they care at all.
Tax cuts for their donors are more important than health care coverage for the constituents. Since they get gov't hc forever they don't care
To my Senator- Thank you!
-Geepsterz from Chicago
Apparently, very easily. In other words, they are lacking any good conscience.
You answered your own question: they aren't voting in good conscience.
Because they, like @senrobportman, are members of #VichyCongress
You've been in the Senate long enough to know conscience has nothing to do with it.
They can't, or they have no conscience
The reason these groups oppose it is b/c they get really rich off the status quo...oh, and they just might contribute to your reelection $$$
Continue the fight --Rev Bobbie McGarey
Evil gop has no conscience.
How can any Senator not provide input on how to structure healthcare.  ACA currently in place does not work.  Web site still a big mess
@rezaaslan because, #FollowTheMoney
They vote without conscience. Problem solved.
That's what you say. You can't be trusted.
Voting in "Good conscience" would require a conscience.
I'm interested to see what that will do for their Medicare supplement policies.  A lot of my friends have them.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for your never-ending dedication to Illinois. We appreciate your leadership and want you to know we are with you!
#Kochcare
In case you forgot, here's Koch Bros agenda for an American Oligarchy & new Gilded Age on steroids (source, Bernie Sanders' website): 
Really don't know how they can look at themselves in the mirror. Shame!
14 and a half million children live poverty in the USA.These children and their parents need health care. Don't settle. Vote NO on GOP BILL.
What Health care do you have?
How could a senator give another senator a standing ovation for his appearance when it was known he was voting for this bill?
Huh, I don't see any insurance company logos in that graphic.
sounds like when the Crimocrats say WE must pass the bill to see what was in it.
You tell us. You see these people every day and you know how government "works". Politics & campaign funds are what really matter.

@MartinHeinrich Read it. Debate it. Work together.
"In good conscience." That's exactly what's missing here.


Just like they did the first time around. That bill had not been read by hardly anyone. Honestly, did you read it before the vote?
Senators have a conscience? Present company excluded, of course.
"Good conscience" being the qualifier here.
Because they hate president Obama
Very easily, apparently.
There is no conscience. There is Great Greed.  
Because they don't care about regular Americans same as current president and both need to go
They care more about money. Simple as that.
ACA ripped my healthcare plan. Let me have it back - Repeal and Replace!
They just did.
they should pay for this! Shameful!
Dear Dick the word rip causes a lot of anxiety for me. Could you use less dramatic language when stirring the pot of division please?
Shame on you for writing a healthcare bill that was so bad that you exempted yourself and your staff.

The  Gov. Imposed  health care  punish  the poor wrking class.My wife a RN has 6000 deduc. Before  it pays a cent. Cant afford a mammogram
Use this handy dialer to call lots of senators. Hit * for the next call. It calls DC and local offices.
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @DNC Defeat #trumpcare then #singlepayer. We deserve an #NHSforUSA. #MedicareForAll
It is unbelievable, but they will.
Repeal and do not replace .Let's open insurance companies for long term care and surgeries only .Non life threatening would be on you.
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin, who knows the first rule of healthcare: Do No Harm. #NoBCRA #NoAHCA #SaveACA
Hippocratic Oath --Do no harm
Like when you voted for ACA. You knew it would fail,  but was way to get single payer.  You need to retire.  Fix your state.
They don't have a conscience is how!
YOU VOTED FOR A SECRET BILL WHEN YOU VOTED FOR OBAMACARE YOU HYPOCRITE!
Because they are putting party over country
That's because the Dems payoff money from special interest groups will go away.
AMAC says vote in favor
Then we the people need to see an alternative.   Obamacare fixed some things,  not everything that needs to be fixed!
your the best senator keep fighting for single payer
They don't care
They are Republicans. When has GOP-done anything that wasn't to protect the wealthy? No really I mean it..when? Never
The ones with no spine seem OK with it. Cowards.
What is their motive? Is it merely "Follow the money"?
Dick Durbin holy cow that was gonna be my porn name. do you hear that a lot? was trying to be original. huge dick durbin.
ACA removed lifetime CAP's, Individual-market plans cannot discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions
Over 2 million people have lost O-care insurance since May and these pathological liars are cheerleading to keep it
Thank you 
You are our Senator Durbin 
We are forever greatful to you
Keep it up and kill the bill!!  Thank you for all you have been doing!!
How can any senator oppose new health care when most O-care insurers have abandoned it and premiums are up 35-125% around the USA?
have you not paid attention, your leader, stopped the funding, to say look it's failing, it's bad and you who are so blind, fall for it.
Almost 10 million would result in losing insurance because they wouldn't be fined hundreds of dollars and forced into using O-care
YOU
WILL 
BE
DEFEATED

(End transmission)
Oh they can easily    it has Obamas  name attached    that's reason enough for all those scumbags      let's watch McCain too
Because they have no conscience.
Because those patient groups didn't give them enough money. $$$ makes Washington go 'round
DEMOCRATS voted for OBAMACARE withoutlooking at it. You are such a bad  senator for puting it in place. AMERICANs dont believe anyone.
AMEN
Trumps going after the 'very people' that put him in office, its their chance to turn the tide and let their voices be heard what a travesty
Because that's what their paymasters told them to do. This is not complicated.
Thank you Senator for representing the People of IL & standing w us to #KillTheBill. Will you support legislation for universal coverage?
He doesn't represent my wishes and my downstate friends
Fortunately he does represent the majority of Illinoisans in opposing a bill that strips healthcare from millions to enrich the 1%
@ericbolling #WTF LETS HAVE #Clinton #Uranium  HEARINGS #Americans are tired of two separate sets of  #justice!  https://www.facebook.com/OverpassesForAmerica2/videos/1470896196283042/ … …
Really.  So you know the details and others do not. Or are you just grandstanding?
The Koch Brothers pocketbook helps with the guilt i hear.
Because Republicans have so souls.
Because #MAGA of course 
Good question to ask McCain when he takes his victory lap today on the backs of the sick, poor, ailing, and disabled.
You go beyond being a hack.
They can't be voting "in good conscience"
3 major factors: greed/racism/sexism & they think they'll get away w/it.
No good conscience.
FYI a majority of their constituents elected them on a promise to repeal Obamacare. It is call representative democracy
You had no problem doing just that before when you voted for Obama Care you Liberal Hypocrite! Which way is the wind blowing today Durbin?
DON'T STOP CALLING! If busy/full mailbox Google the senator find "locations" (other numbers are listed) on their official Senate page!
NEVADANS: It's very important 2 call up Sandoval too. He's the key 2 Heller. And was lobbied by Pence, Price & Mulvaney 2 get Heller to yes.
I will have no option for marketplace healthcare beginning Jan 1.  13/16 counties in Nevada will have no options.  Thanks ACA.
@SenateDems #truth my child w autism will loose. My mother will lose. I know many that will lose. Sad GOP hates us
Maybe you will be happily surprised.
Well, you're assuming that any of the s have "good consciences."  I don't.
what happen to the markets if vote goes though? have you seen the bill yet? HOW IS THERE NO SENATE RULES that stop this?
The markets go up like they did after Trump won
Where going up before he won.  only reason up now is the .@houseGOP and .@senateGOP haven't passed anything to hurt the ECO, this will 100%

Alexis Scott is one of almost 500,000 veterans who would lose Medicaid under the Senate bill. Share your story: https://handsoff.org/  
For once I would love to see Congress get what they enact. Why should they have a differnt health plan than the rest of the American people?
How in good conscience did the Democratic Party force the Scam of Obamacare on the hardworking tax paying citizen? Hypocrite.
Please keep up the good fight against this insanity!
All healthcare insurance will go up to cover losses this will cause ins. companies. We will all lose.

Just say NO! Your constituents want to fix the ACA - not rip health care from millions of Americans. That's unconscionable.
Please work with @SenSanders to pass universal healthcare legislation.  #HealthcareIsAHumanRight #MedicareForAll
Why? So you can end up like Baby Charlie and let die with no care? OMG
@SenSasse, @DebFischerNE, @SenDeanHeller, @lisamurkowski, @SenCapito, @senrobportman, @JerryMoran, @SenatorLee_cmc: Will you heed experts?
Cuz GOP think the poor DESERVE to suffer
Let's stop acting like theyre being honest
You must be new around here.
Apparently they have nothing but contempt (if not outright hatred) for their constituents?
Get real.
How did you do it back in 2010? You're a partisan hack from a failing state. Illinois is now as relevant as say Nebraska. RIP Chicago.
You're such a lying anti-American traitor!
It's opposed because all they care about is profit margins going down.

I just dont get it..Get them.
.Why do they hate us so much
FYI a majority of their constituents elected them on a promise to repeal Obamacare. It is call a representative democracy.
The GOP are doing what the voters that set them to DC want. If people liked O-care Dems would still be in power.
We Oppose Motion to Proceed
Kill the Bill Bad for Every American
.@SenatorDurbin, @healthyAmerica1 also opposes motion to proceed today!
Those groups just want the subsidies and Medicaid expansions that my premiums and deductibles are paying! REPEAL!
Keep trying to tell you that today is procedural. Nothing is being repealed. Give me a call to discuss.
