What did you think he was going to do- GOP wants the tax money out of ACA for their next move MASSIVE tax cuts for rich/corporations
yes Kehmosabee
Yes. Yes, you do. The toddler-in-chief wants to ruin healthcare for everyone because he can't have his way.
No. He did not sabotage healthCARE but maybe health INSURANCE.  Learn the difference.
He hasn't matured beyond the age of 12 and revenge is the best plan he could come up with. Like tripping your rival on the playground.
Exactamundo.
Anyone surprised? Raise your hands.
That was already happening.
Yes, that's it. You got it!
No, it's bec the Rich will Not be able to Get the Tax Cut They Want if all the money they Are Taxed continues to go to all those items!
Bingo.
I have made this reference before in other things Trump; he is like the jilted lover who says"If I can't have her no one can."Then kills her
Yup!
All part of the Obama plan to put money in the hands of the insurance companies, & eliminating competition & Congress gets their kickback.
Sounds about right
Yes. That's exactly right. No matter the damage he will do to Americans. He's disgusting.
No you don't!! It was you and your Dem colleagues who came up with this PLAN!!! It never worked from day one!!! You get the credit!! Haha
yep
Yes.
What kind of potus/'businessman' sabotages Affordable Health Care, economic sector comprising 1/6 of US economy? STOP HURTING USA Americans!
His entire strategy is blow up what works for the people, give a tax break to the rich. Bow to Putin.
You left out the L in blow.

Sounds like something he'd do
By the way, he wants yours to fail too!
Just because...
That about sums it up

Yep, it is what bully do!
Yes because he is a whining ninny.
Yep!
You got it right.
This is sabotaging 20% of the US economy and the jobs and stocks that go along with it. Then he crows about the Dow breaking 22,000.
Yes, but it's ok because it doesn't affect him personally, right?!
Yes. He's a 5 yr old throwing a tantrum.
That's what happens when you are a petulant child
Duh. Yes.
I do believe that is a fair assessment, sir.
Sounds about right.
@JumpTheRework YES.
Pretty much
Yes, he IS insane.
That's how a narcissistic sociopath rolls
Precisely.  He is a greedy, mean spirited child.
Yep
His version of taking his ball and going home! #TrumpRussia
My guess: we the taxpayers foot your ins coverage or you are wealthy. What good is having ins if there are no docs covering plan?
My premium sir, just went up to $1,776.00/mo I live in AZ where we pay 300% more than before ACA and we don't have access to care.
You got it
Yes did you ever think any different of this idiot or his cabinet approach.
@DJergentz Yes sir he's a yuuugh baby

That's vwho and what he is...he's been self promoting at leas the 30 yrs. No ideology no core values may as well put an X beside his name
Just like a petulant child.
Bottom line.
Yes!
Of course. He's like a 2 yo in the full throws of a temper tantrum..... "There HE BLOWS!!!"
Next, he'll hold his breath until he turns blue
American better get ready for bad times ahead.  Middle and lower income ppl will be at the mercy of Trumps hate for us.
YES.
Of course
Well, of course our Dear Leader, Narcissist in Chief, is doing this for heavens sake
That's his way - throwing temper tantrums if he doesn't get his way. UNFIT. #25the45th
It only makes sense it's exactly the behavior one would expect from someone with extreme Narcissistic Personality Disorder.
you are correct!
Yea kinda like obamacare did.
Correct.
Exactly. Is that what you call "faithfully executing" the laws of America?
That about sums it up.
No fanny and Freddy isn't going to subsidize obombocare
Yes. That sums it up.
Exactly.
Exactly! He wants premiums to skyrocket & land in his pocket instead.
Yep. That's 45. The freaking antichrist!
Surprised?
Yes
What you going to do about it #ImpeachTrump
Maybe all of the politicians who work for US citizens should have the same Obama Care as the people they represent. lets be fair
Yep! Most of the ppl this would effect are his base. They won't change until they get run over by the bus.
yeah. That's the way spoiled brats do things.
Yup.  Because mentally he is 3 years old.
His one tool is revenge.
Donald Trump is purposely sabotaging and undermining the ACA, hurting millions of Americans. Why does Trump hate? And want to see ppl hurt?
You guessed it!  Give that man a prize, Tell Martin what he's won today!
He's also threatening an executive order to force an ACA repeal
Such the petulant child!
the hatred tRump has for Obama and his legacy is inconceivable..and looks like it might be his undoing.


Yes. You got that right. It's exactly what he is talking about when he says let Obamacare fail...he means to sabotage it so it will...

Unfortunately YES !!!!
Welcome to TrumpWorld...a petulant child whose family motto is "Don't get mad, get even" X 1000
If you think he won't do it, you're dreaming
Looks like it... oh, and that he's also pathologically jealous of Obama.
That's right.  and THAT is our president.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Yup
Why, yes, I believe you do.
no obama care was going to crash and burn no matter what
Exactly
Yes. And all the ensuing deaths will be blamed on the fake news media.
Can't the Supreme Court or Congress stop him from doing it?
That is correct.
yes you do....
Straight from the Russian Elected President and The Russian Elected Administration #25thAmendmentNOW #ImpeachNow
Yeah and he got funding to build a wall on your state's south border too!!!
You got it! He is an immature selfish child.
I think you have summed up the situation nicely.
Narcissism 101
Ya that's about right...
Yes... what's your point?
Yep and corporate Dems want to sabotage single-payer so that they can get big donor cash.
How can we encourage him to just take his toys and go home? Perhaps someone needs time in #Impeachment Corner?
Yes Martin, you have it as straight as I am gay.
Dictator president.wants to be like Russia.
Yep...
That appears to be the case. Amazing isn't it? Can you believe some Americans still think he's good for our country?
Yes and the house Repubs could set up an appropriation but won't so in reality we are fighting the Pres& Repub for people's lives
Yep
Yes, childishly,  I am surprised anyone is surprised
Yes, that's what I heard also!!
Yep. That's what he says.
Yup. He'll show us. Like a schoolboy bully.
Grounds for impeachment under the Take Care Clause.
That pretty much sums it up...
Yes like a 2 year old. Toddler in Chief.
Think that about sums it up, yup. All there. The resulting twitter tantrum has been thwarted by Kelly I think. Kinda scary if you ask me.
Yes and for tomorrows tantrum he will shut off our internet and water. Welcome to Nazi Germany 2017 style
This is what happens when you vote for a Clown, you get the whole circus.  @realdonaldtrump is crazy
Yes!!!!!

Yep but nobody is saying he is smart
That covers it..TRUMP havin a hissy-fit!
Yep
That would be accurate. The #70yrold lil kid is throwing a tantrum on Americans dime. Im sure he & fam rest of his swampy $cab. Not affected
He has a duty under the Constitution to make sure laws are faithfully executed. USCS Const. Art. II, § 3. High crimes and misdemeanors.

He wants to punish Dems &Congress, but it will be working class (TRUMP VOTERS!) that feel the impact in wallets &DEATHS. 
He hates humanity.
@lizeraly Hang in there Senator. We have your back.
Yep!
Pretty much. Yep.
Yes. You got it. Thats what ill-mannered toddlers do.
Does anyone think Trump knows what malfeasance of office means? Or that he can pronounce the word? Certainly can't spell it.
Yes, he is doing the equivalent of, "Taking his ball and going home." @POTUS is throwing a tantrum.
That's what a vindictive f&*k does.  Unbelievable.
Precisely.
Yup
that about sums it up! 
You are correct sir!  He's quite a leader, no?
I have NEVER, nor will I ever, utter the word 'president' & 'tRump' in the same sentence
Yes
That's it
You're just now getting this straight?  He's been saying it since the beginning.  Wake the hell up and pay attention.
Yes, you have that right, sir... #resist
More like b/c McCain took his limelight&he hates being a loser:
That Apartheid-man @POTUS is as shallow as a NewYork puddle on a windy day.
yes, that's exactly what he is doing
Yep that's it in a nutshell. From our head but no less.
Yep! You got it right
Court Ruling Throws A Wrench In Trump's Obamacare Sabotage Plan - HuffPost
Let Congress feel the pain that real Americans feel under this crappy program.  Government should get out of the way - let market work!
No you do not have it right - he is leveling the playing field. Interesting how Congress whines and they get subsidy to support Ocare-sucks!
Yes.a temper tantrum that could cause millions pain and unnecessary suffering.Thats what all tyrants do inflict damage on their own people.
yup
No, he threatened to remove the subsidy that you and your staffers got when you were forced into Obamacare. Nice bait and switch.
Please run for President in 2020. This country desperately needs a smart man at the top.
Or woman. Hell, we need someone with a brain. Even a golden retriever would be smarter
Change the word "wants".. Trump is already sabotaging the assistance funds & new sign ups have only 45 days to sign up in Nov.
That is my take away! Trump is a disgusting so-called human being
@1dablldoit he's vindictive. Of course.
He's a large manchild.  Someone change his diaper and give him his binkie.
Pretty much..
#tantrump
You got it — President Man Baby...
Yep, this so called leader of Americans wants to hurt Americans to get revenge. Trump is revengeful,hateful & Destroying America. #Impeach45
Yes. What are our public servants in Congress going to do about this clear & present danger?
Premiums have already skyrocketed & insurance companies are bailing. Even the Dems in Congress know it's unsustainable.
Ohhhh we're back on health care now, I thought we were talking about Hillary selling uranium to the Russians.Obamacare needs a lot of work.
Followers?? I'm just here to troll the idiots that voted for a reality show star to be president.
I have a "no bot" policy with my followers, very strict vetting process
Yes, you have that straight.  Sad, dangerous, evil, vindictive, wrong.
Leave it to the Dems. Only they think that everyone thinks like they do.
Yup that about sums it up
Yes! He's a FRAUD!
you don't need a jeopardy theme song to answer that question in 10 seconds
Do I have this straight? President Trump wants to sabotage our health care system & cause premiums to skyrocket bc he didn’t get his way?
Sure looks that way!
And Trump and Price used the subsidies towards for ACA for adds against it and to promote trumpcare
And skittle sanctions
Absolutely
Go Trump
I believe that..He'll show us wont he
He is having a tantrum
Deep down he's a petulant child who never grew up.  It's who he's always been.
Got that Right...
Classic super-villain tactic. "If I can't have it, no one will"
Exactly! We must fight this in court. #Obamacare is the current law. @POTUS must respect the law. #TheResistance
Yes he is a huge man baby
You nailed it!
Yep, that's what he plans to do , Sad!
Cause that's normal for a president of the greatest country.  (I mean used to be greatest).  Hate the fucker.
Yup.
That is correct. Did you vote for Trump?
I think this may be called "extortion"...?
Yep. U got it? GOP? Mueller? Some freaking body????
uh.... yup
