.@POTUS is attacking our #nationalmonuments. Please make your voices heard by 7/10 & demand they remain protected! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSl-4_Oirsk … 
@SenCortezMasto @POTUS Kamala Harris would sell her own sister if it would further her career!
So you're for selling our parks bc you don't like Harris? Suggest you don't visit Anacapa EVER!
I think Anacapa should've had condos and casinos on it personally
Good try, lol. You cherish it like the rest of us.
No I really don't, the only reason it hasn't been developed is because of the JuneGloom
Catalina doesn't have June Gloom? Who knew?
The Wrigely family from Chicago owned Catalina for the Cubs training camp
You mean we really hope some miracle happens and Republicans stop their war on the environment which, by the way, they've been winning.
Trump would sell Liberty and his own mother in a heartbeat. Couldn't care less about some old trees. Sad
W/#Trump as Prez & w/his #Phony #MuslimBan,The #StatueOfLiberty is meaningless Right now!
Don't be so sure @realDonaldTrump wouldn't sell Lady Liberty for scrap metal and keep the profits. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #trumpcrime
Please don't give the narcissistic pathological liar Orange dude in the house any ideas

@SenCortezMasto @POTUS Just about all giant sequoias are federally protected Kamala so that was a bad analogy sweetheart!

Seqouias are more threatened by wildfire than by any thing else!
Yet you have no problem with removing historical statues.  You probably had no problem with ISIS blowing up statues in the Middle East
And just who is calling for the sequoias to be cut down? Informational links please.
They have no shame.  They'd sell off Mount Rushmore for countertops if they could
You've never seen the Redwoods Senator. No one wants to cut down those few remaining Giants. Americans are smarter than you think. 
But you know Trump would sell Lady Liberty for Scrap Metal if he could make a good deal
RU playbook. This happened after the fall of USSR - public assets sold off to benefit oligarchs.
Monuments to nature's majesty and some of the oldest living things on Earth. Redwoods and Sequoias need to be left alone.
Trump would sell the Statue of Liberty for scrap metal.
Sequoias, right. Lies.
I was wondering Kamala Harris would sell the statue of Liberty for scrap metal rewriting history of real legal immigrants!
She's so fake. That's enough for me to not like her. Plus with her ties to idiot Maxine Waters. Forget that. Typical useless Democrat.
Trump acts more like a conqueror than an elected official.
Everything that makes America great is under attack. Don't give up the fight!
He would sell that bleeding immigrant loving statue for scrap metal in a second.
Selling fear. People of CA should decide what's best for CA land. Makes sense no? This is POTUS argument. It's liberty &self determination
Senator, don't give the @GOP or @realDonaldTrump ideas like that, they just might sell the statue of liberty for scrap.
@AmericasRachel Trump wants to drill for oil under the Washington Monument. He also wants to add a golf course & casino to Stonehenge.

Wow just like the Taliban in Afghanistan and Isis in Iraq and Syria.
I not sure Senator. This "President" just might sell the Statue of Liberty for scrap metal.
Sure u can!U allowed WHOLE COMMUNITIES to LITERALLY die in the 3rd world 4 cheaper goods 4 u. Surely some trees can bite the dust.KARMA
It would be a travesty to reduce even one beautiful giant, into lumber of any kind, whether they are giant: sequoias or redwoods!
The giant sequoias have been protected in a national monument since 1908. No one is going to cut them down. Stop fear mongering, you hack.

I don't care whether that's under "review" or not. There's only like 40 of those trees, in a small area, and no one is cutting them down.
It's nothing but fear mongering. Telling people millions of acres of desert will revert to state control, obviously, isn't compelling.
Donald Trump wants that to destroy our most precious monuments and our famous sequoia trees . Then he Threatens to change our constitution ?
You mean like all the Liberals destroying the parts of our history that they don't like?
But you will allow them taken down War Statues. Hypocrites
I wouldn't put selling the Statue of Liberty past @realDonaldTrump. He would sell it all to his buddies if he could.
With Trump in the White House I wouldn't bet that he wouldn't sell off Lady Liberty... or melt her down to make a statue of himself.
Again.
Thank you for being a fighter for truth
Which communist goal does this fall under?
They are eye-balling Half Dome for granite kitchen counters ...me thinks...
Trump would totally sell Lady Liberty if it got him PR, made his family a buck or pissed off Obama.
Yet. Give this administration enough time, and I'm sure it will be. You guys had better be working around the clock to get him out!
Please speak with Gov. Brown about calling in the National Guard. This CANNOT happen.
Hug a tree hugger NOW!
Please, your rhetoric is tired &transparent. You're suggesting Trump wants to kill trees. Your water usage in CA is more likely to kill them
Actually, he does want to kill the Sequoias. Read.
This would be one of the worst things that he could do to America: destroy our beautiful national patrimony.
Jesus, he really wants to cut down 1000 year old trees!?
This scares the heck out of me. Hands off our parks!
Trump would he could turn a profit.
Potus so so sick
I Heard Trump Might Lease Out Air Force One & Two Also As Turn Lincoln Bedroom In a Suite For Visitors...
@paronlulu @SenCortezMasto @POTUS @MartinHeinrich National monuments threatened by Trump
It's early in his term
@joanwalsh Trump would definitely sell the Statue of Liberty for scrap metal. He is completely void of values.
We also do not want to allowe the tool crash dummies Donald jr. and Eric to go hunt bears in our parks they are animal killers#and con men
If they go near those magnificent trees there could be bloodshed!
You're with my senator @MartinHeinrich who is defending our national monuments and parks. Glad you're allies.
This orange man has to go! He is destroying America and we are just watching.
@POTUS is truly UNHINGED. Fight to save our great national beauty and its monuments from the actions of a power mad, Fossil Fuel Addict.
Thank u Sen. Harris for your hard work. Stand up to the old, white man.
Don't let Trump destroy our beautiful world.
It's ok he can't get to her! His buddy Christie closed her for business! #njshutdown
Trump would sell the Statue Of Liberty for scrap metal. In a flash.
Ok, I'm beginning 2 think if we peel off Trumps skin the devil himself would be standing there naked! The man HATES everything thats good!
Statue of Liberty for scrap metal? Sounds like T's kind of winning deal. It was made in France, ya know.
Please don't give him ideas ...Trump WOULD and probably WILL sell the Statue of Liberty for scrap metal.
IDK Trump would probably sell the Statue of Liberty for scrap metal if he could get a commission off of it.
Actually, I wouldn't be surprised if tRump did sell the statue of liberty for scrap metal. It wasn't made in America, after all.
really,  sequoias as matchsticks?  come on. .
That's a terrible analogy. Do better.
This sounds like something ISIS or the Taliban would do. Sad!
PLEASE DON'T GIVE TR**P ANY IDEAS!!
Omg!!!! I'm in FL worried bout Everglades never dreamed ever the big beautiful protected trees could be attacked. A treasure for sure!!
He's tryng to become the first titled King of the United States. The only monuments that should come down are the Confederates.
You may have just giving Trump an idea where to build his next Trump monument!!!
@SenCortezMasto @POTUS shhhhh, no ideas for you know who.
Under the Antiquities Act, can a president de-designate or reduce the size of National Monuments? Or only Congress after designation?
Shhhhh! Don't give anyone ideas!
This @potus is put of control! We will not turn over our voter info either!!! TY @KamalaHarris
Donny & Mike pence will be thinking bout scrap metal price.Indiana Governor like selling the people's stuff
Trump treated the U.S. like a real estate deal and sold us out to Russia.
Time to get all up in his stupid shit
Thank you. Utah is under attack by oil and gas lobby.
The trees are much older than statue. Better for environment ( oops that's the E  word to GOP ) as well
@barryspoints if trump could have personal gain or if France makes him mad he would sell the statute of liberty scrap metal
well assuming he knows france gave us the Statue of Liberty , which he may not know
@realDonaldTrump is worse than ISIS, destroying monuments in this country!
trump would negotiate a sale of the statue because she represents welcoming immigrants and hes all about keeping them out
TRUMP WOULD IF HE COULD MAKE A BUCK!
God God, there is nothing sacred in this country anymore 
SAVE THEM! We have no choice! We must save the giant sequoias & all American crown jewels. They are irreplacable & define America's magic!
Giant sequoias are a miracle of nature--God's blessing. @RyanZinke protect our natural resources, beautiful National Parks, for our children
The senator needs an invite to take a tour of Gold Butte now!
They might not sell the SoL for scrap metal but they might sell the naming rights - Exxon Colossus, AT&T Giant Lady (swap torch for phone)
.@realDonaldTrump might.
They would have been if the wood were useful. Sad they are at risk again. National treasure we could lose forever.
FFS… what's the purpose of this? Sounds like a Bannon move.. destroying America. Write it up.. Trump signs. Easy peasy. F--ktards
You should return it to the French - @nahlaw and @SIIPCampaigns- would you not agree?
We ain't givin' no tired or poor body nothin! In her stead,Russia can erect an oil derrick stamped Rosneft. In honor of trump's 19% shares.
Yup. Why are Dems so scared of the gop and/or Obama? Labour MPs are exactly the same here. Corbyn is a fraud, but don't go against him/tory
@zpleat You know it's kind of absolute now. Why not sell the Statue of Liberty
It is just sickening, and even that doesn't fully describe it.
Are you sure we wouldn't sell her? Her message is more of a bait-and-switch these days.
GOP plan for sequoias also includes turning them into toothpicks.  They'll use the toothpicks to pick the carrion from their pointed teeth.
Maybe if we get Obama to say he is against all the things we thought he supported... reverse psychology might work on @realDonaldTrump
Don't give Repubs any ideas....
Noooo!  They are a California treasure.
Make him spell it -without assistance-and then climb/tend one for a week. LOL safest tree ever ĺoĺ
The destructive path 45 is carrying us down will result in The Death of a Nation. I don't see the #MAGA in this & I don't see the winning!
Don't give him ideas senator! He just might, he is jealous of Marcon!
The sheer scale of the Trump disaster is mind blowing. It's a full time job keeping track of what of we are trying to stop.
Please don't give them any ideas.
There's a couple of petitions re: National Monuments. One is on @Change & one is on @SierraClub
They are our National treasures!
This freak does not like the American people nor the presidency !!
Sister you SAID it!!
Senator Harris,
You are mistaken if you believe that everything in this country isn't for sale or trade. These are carpetbaggers--looters
Maybe California can do a better job of managing these areas.
How is @SenKamalaHarris always spot on? Love her and save the sequoias!!!!
It almost seems like we should have two countries at this point. Not a solution, but it's just so frustrating.
We MUST protect our Sequoias by any means necessary. Cali National Guard should be called in.
Our 2020 ticket.
@Ring14Terri don't count on it, Trump is President (the boss).
stop the govt land takeover
Trump is a terrorist
Trump cares only about Russian steel for pipelines. He's vested. Money is his core not the earth.
Hold that thought on Statue of Liberty....given 45's desperation for money if he thought he could make a buck she'd be out the door. .Sad.
Are we sure trump wouldn't sell the Statue of Liberty for scrap value?
If Trump thought he could make money off of it, he would try.
Or if someone told him it was a bad idea....
Not so sure 45 wouldn't sell Lady Liberty but I agree with the rest of this tweet.
Absolutely, leave our parks alone.
Don't give him any ideas.
@realDonaldTrump is the ISIS of America, trying to destroy all the history that is dear to us!
that jerk would use them to build his stupid wall if he could
I wouldn't put it past this guy.
This is no joke.
@SenKamalaHarris The Kern County BOS is going to ask trump admin to shrink the Sequoia National Forest.
Trees are all that stand between us and global warming.
But @realDonaldTrump said that they will be the best matchsticks believe me!
We cannot allow ANY of our parks to be destroyed! STOP IDIOT TRUMP!!!!
With this crew, I think it depends on how much she would fetch on the open market.
Imagine Yosemite as a Trump golf course.
this is normal for 45. hes just like a racoon in the country. if they can't fck it up, they shit on it. #resist #TrumpRussia #Trumpcare
From the draft directives I saw last week the decisions have already been made by Ryan Zinke.
or the Constitution to be recycled to make toilet paper
What!!

I'm not so sure that your Statue of LIberty actually means anything now america's russian. You're right about the sequoias though.
163 days & there goesour nation's standing and honor, rights,laws,votes,environmental protection,national monuments&parks,immigrants DARN
like in africa,trump wants2 destroy american earth,for it's own personal profit,&not pay capital gain tax. leave america now,ban @exxonmobil
There are some things that can't be reversed: the nature that's destroyed, the people that die...
Shhhhh..... don't give 'em any ideas. Copper is valuable.
The GOP would sell anything for a profit
Give it some time Kamala!
No, who needs matches anymore.
There's nothing they won't sell or steal.
I'm flat out scared.
Then call your Senators, House reps and sign the commentary on the link:  https://www.regulations.gov/docket?D=NOAA-NOS-2017-0066 … You can do it!
Omg the thought of that makes me feel sick.  the awesomeness of these trees is a reflection of God. #LifeChanging #SpiritualExperience
Thanks, Kamala. Now DT's going to start tweeting about the BILLIONS of BEATIFUL American $ the nasty OLD rusty statue can be worth as SCRAP!
Are they in a national forest or state forest?
Please, don't put any ideas in his head! Lady Liberty needs to be really off-limits, as well as the national parks, of course.
Senator, for all the faith & action this administration puts into what Statue means, I'm surprised she hasn't taken herself to the junkyard.
They are worthless for lumber, this would be pure spite.
Or our wild horses to go to slaughter!
Insert Pruitt for Once-ler 
I will go Lorax on his short sighted greedy ass I swear!
Hell 2 the no!!
These trees have been here for over 3,500 years! In our climate of DEMOCKRITY, I would RATHER see the STATUE go, than THESE FATHER TREES
Good god Kamala dont give him any ideas about the Statue of Liberty. If he gets mad at Macron who knows what he'll  do.
Redwoods 1st home. I saw them threw the eyes of world travelers. last convo w/DT fan was story of his tears at first sight. BIG MISTAKE
Trumps "might" have been born in America, haven't seen a Birth Cert. or Federal or Russian Tax Returns, but he's no American.
Also, CA Marine Sanctuaries are on the hit list. Public comment ends 7/26 at: https://www.regulations.gov/docket?D=NOAA-NOS-2017-0066 …
Thanks for the link!
let's Give the Statue of Liberty back to France for safe keeping! Until we get rid of Trumps Tyrannical Govt! Resist Revolt Revolutionize!
Thank you Senator Harris for everything you do. Happy Fourth of July! @Michael36776349
Lady Liberty would have left the US long ago, if only she could. As well as the Lincoln Memorial and whole Mount Rushmore.
Old time logger will tell it not good building lumber anyway.
Sen. Harris, I'm not sure that Trump and the GOP would not sell the SOL for scrap metal just to spite Macron.  They reach new lows daily.
The thought of him in the city I love makes me sick. Well the thought of him in WH makes me sick as well.
Let's face it, Trump inspires nausea wherever he is.
This was gift to AMERICA NOT POTUS!!! 
Yeah...we need those lands closed to keep as collateral for our debt to China. Gotta charge  more entitlements to the credit card.
Unthinkable!  They are our treasure!
Senator, we wouldn't but Trump/Putin would. Keep up the good fight, our country needs you.
BRAVO !!! #kamala2020
Keep trump and his unpatriotic, money grubbing friends out of California!
Trump is acting like ISIS. They destroyed culture.
They knew what they were doing. Trump's like a bull in a china shop
Please stop... you're hysterical

In general the sequioa is used for home siding and outdoor furniture. But, they should be harvested very judiciously. They are treasures.
Trump would if he could make a profit
what is the website?

Thank you!
Talk about over dramatic to incite people.

