Not a sham, we Citizens want to know how widespread voter fraud is. They are finding lots of fraud, why are you afraid?
If U have nothing to hide then u shouldn't mind anybody checking the integrity of our voter rolls for dead n illegals
Democrats have to get out that Illegal vote
If you truly appreciate our sacred right to vote, then you'd appreciate this effort to ensure all who vote are legally allowed to do it!
There is no constitutional right to vote. If you would put forth an amendment to make it so, GOPers would look Nazi.
The right to vote is mentioned five times in the constitution and is only opened to citizens. As it should be.
It is not a right. It is a privilege granted by states, which is the problem. Elections are required and a "vote of the people."
Also by By the way where n constitution does it say foreign gvts have right to our free speech
Huh????
WHY DO SOME STATES ALOW SOMEONE JUST TO WALK IN AND VOTE--LEAVE? VOTER FRAUD?? I SAW WERE SOMESTATES HAVE & DEAD PEOPLE VOTEING, COME ON FIX
You can't tell illegals, people here illegally and NOT Citizens, that it's OK to vote. Obama should have been impeached
Me thinks thou doest protest to loud.

Hell no, find and arrest those who vote illegally.
To hear the backtracking in his press conference sounded like a con explaining his con when he got caught
Mr. Heinrich, then do something to protect the citizen's right to vote & prevent invalid voting (i.e. the dead & illegals.).
Why, are you afraid they are going to find something??  The Russia theory obviously is a sham and has been going on and costing a LOT of $$$
Our system IS inundated with dead, illegal & dual registered voters!

IT'S TIME TO CLEAN UP THE DEMOCRATIC CORUPTION OF OUR VOTING SYSTEM!
Got my vote by mail application today, FAQs in 3 languages. This is how Democracy works. #votersuppression
The right to cheat, you mean?
There are good examples of fraud...
-(2/2) voters than there was voting age citizens! So, what voter fraud ARE YOU TRYING TO COVER UP, Martin?
it is not we have found states that had more voters then what was registered.We found illegals who voted in California.Stop the lies
Why do you prevent showing a driver license to vote? Why do Democrats spend time on bull? And complain about problems but do nothing
If voting is such a sacred right why are you calling for NOT finding out the truth about voting fraud? Do you get votes by fraud?
In new Mexico yes...then your car stolen
Yes if you are legal
How about the people who didn't live in Maine, but voted in Main?! Legal citizens have the right to vote. #MAGA!
Yes.yes.yes.Who the hell does be think he is. Chris cobach. Go back to Kansas Dorothy n Toto need you
Don't want to uncover voter fraud because it helps your party?  Gotcha!
We all know why you want to shut this down. Voters aren't stupid. All other foreign countries have some form of voter ID as a requirement.
Thank you Senator Heinrich!  From New Mexico, we are proud you are representing us!
Yet dems want to give right to vote to illegals! Voting system needs regulation and reform. Do ur job Congress!
Who's hand is up your ass again "Puppet"! Is this Hillary jabbering ur jaws "PUPPET"? Americans want voter ID laws!
The whole commission is voter suppression, naked and in the open.
Did you know many American citizens with criminal records can't vote?
Explain how requiring proof of citizenship & voter ID repressing/restricting voters. Worse is to allow non-citizens & the dead voting rights
What are you afraid of Chuck? Not getting reelected? Democrats loosing power? Voter fraud is okay if it supports the DNC right? Grotesque.
@JRubinBlogger good that commission was not right each state should do own review voting info is sacred.
Good luck with that!
Seriously senator? Voting is a privilege of being an American Citizen. Stop wasting our time and do something for NM for a change
Why are liberals scared to see if we have a loophole in our voting system? If it were Russia casting fake votes I'm sure you'd care then!?
Thank you for speaking truth again and again!! You make me proud to be a New Mexican.
Uh oh....the commission must be getting close. DemoncRATS are screaming. If you shut anything down, get rid of mueller and his sham
Once again @MartinHeinrich it seems like you spend more time Trump bashing than creating jobs in #NewMexico @cabq
BULLSHIT! WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO HIDE? IF YOU WERE SO CONCERNED OF RUSSIA, WHY ARE YOU AGAINST THIS? DONT YOU VALUE ELECTION INTEGRITY?
Ignorance.  Can't believe the stupidity from some people.  You must be a America citizen to vote. ! So much controversy over meddling. Yikes
If there's nothing there Senator whats the problem?
What harm can come from this?
You and the democrats are the fraud going on in this country and WE THE PEOPLE VOTED TO STOP YOU WITH @realDonaldTrump !! 
PERIOD!!
It's not a sham!! Voting is a privilege for legal AMERICANS!!
YOUR ILLEGALS CAN NOT VOTE IN OUR COUNTRY!
STOP STUFFING THE BALLOT BOX CHUCK!
We need more people to vote not fewer. Voter fraud has been proven time and time again to be a non-issue.
If there is nothing to hide, then what's the problem? Ohh, I think there's plenty to hide. Dem heads exploding!
The only sham is your oath of office.
You liberals are afraid! Voter fraud is rampant and that's what you're afraid that they will uncover!
This DACA Graph shows the deep $$ in the Voter Suppression Efforts which includes Deportation & Immigration pursuits! DARK SHADOWS RIGHT
If there is voter suppression. Then President Trump right about voter fraud. Illegal voter fraud.  Take those numbers out of the box
@realDonaldTrump
Why isn't every @SenateDems sending out this message every day?
Nothing that this comically unrepresentative Republican National Committee subgroup recommends will be taken seriously anyway.  Disband.
I do not understand his commission. But I do trust his ethics or  values. So I stand with shut it down!
You might remind him that he is wasting our money! If he wants to fund it, go for it!
So you're basically saying you are all for it illegal voters? That thought process needs to get you out of office. Vote him out vote him out
Don't just call for it - work hard to do it!
Only Americans have the right to Vote in this country.  NOT your beloved ILLEGALS.  You Democrats better get with the program.
Only American citizens are allowed to vote. The only reason someone wouldn't want to clean voter rolls is to gain fraudulent votes. Stupid
SOME CITIES/STATES WANT NON CITIZENS TO VOTE IN OUR ELECTIONS!!!
There's already proof illegals voted in our presidential election!
So is voter ID so votes r legal. Dead people and illegals voting is not what we need
NEVER WILL HAPPEN HA HA
Dn, ti' qid,? A'ftan, qus , su ' ch . g'st.
OH, and thank you for being my Senator. :)
You are on fire this week, I LOVE it!  Let's shut this whole sham administration down.
"This is a partisan voter-suppression initiative" should be the lede and repeated continuously.
Must have voter id with boarder uncontrolled
This is pure theater. How is this allowed in modern America
As a constituent I completely support your position on this
That sham of a "fraud commission" was one of the first things the idiot president enacted. Good luck!
If the right to vote is "sacred" and there is nothing illegal going on why do you oppose the investigation?
1st thought, info was a gift 4 Putin. Then for Jared to do dirty with..Maybe Bannon. Add voter suppression and Sessions. Its scary.
Why,Because you guys need illegal voters?
Why on earth are these people still harping on voter fraud, when there is so much more illegal activity to prosecute from the Obama Admin?
There have been $Billions wasted by GOP "commissions" so it's hard 2 say this is the worst, but is certainly among most egregious (high bar)
@SenSchumer @washingtonpost So, then voter fraud is OK with the Democrats? I think there could be some improvements.
AWOMAN!!!
Does everyone have that right? If so may I fly in like minded  people from around planet to vote?
What's wrong Chuckie? Are you getting nervous? More votes cast  then voter registered in many states. Dems way is to deny and lie.
Voting is a sacred right to CITIZENS of the country not for illegals. Call 4 stoppage when there is proof of fraud?? Y not cry about russia?
Thank you senator cuts nothing less than illegal search& seizure with no criminal act involved
For those claiming it supports illegal residents voting we all know its BS No undocumented alien is going 2 risk deportation 2 vote
And I mean proven, not fix news or Breitbart conspiracy theories
This commission is almost as bad as the Equifax Data Breach.
Its worse!
The real truth.
 Truth? More like fiction meant to disenfranchise legitimate voters who don't fit demographics preferred by Kobach.
@SenSchumer @JRubinBlogger American citizens deserve to know if illegals are voting! Something to hide? Voter ID only
Shut the crap up Marty ! Trump right about those illegal alien and convict votes Clinton got ! More people voted than registered everywhere.
The right to vote for citizens. Not all your illegals.
Trumps plan disrupts democrats GAME plan to get illegals votes in return for open borders
Its sacred it you only vote 1time , what needs finding is people voting more than once and dead people coming back from grave and voting
Ya,  for U.S Citizen's.  Not for illegal aliens.
Thank you for protecting democracy. I do fear this commission.
What do u fear specifically?
Marty look at the DNC plenty of voter fraud there!!!
Democrats: "If felons, illegal aliens and the long-deceased are not allowed to vote, the terrorists will have won!"
Sham is the right word.
Voting is a sacred right, preserved for citizens, maybe it's a sham? So is fighting ID laws, all modern countries have.
Don't proclaim something sacred, if your not willing to protect it? Otherwise you look and sound foolish?
@PuestoLoco @washingtonpost Thank you sir!
Yes! Thank you!!
Funny how U want to shut down a commission investigating actual evidence but u peddle the Russia collusion investigation with NO evidence
It's the WaPo's opinion so it must be true, Not!
Even with headlines like this: 
Chicago had 14,000 more votes than voters in 2016 general election. Democrats should be scared......
@SenSchumer investigations must be immediately enacted upon all traitors flagrantly abusing civilians right via subterfuge.
If #TheDemocrats cared about democracy, they would work to break down the barriers that prevent competition to them and #GOP.
A waste of tax dollars and insidious
Uh, New Hampshire, Precincts w/MORE VOTERS than citizens. Maybe you're worried about your [possible] #ShamVoterBase?
Whitest state in the union that literally just lynched an 8 yo biracial boy Solve ur own bigotry issues U know nothing about NM!
Why because you might get caught
Could you please provide a link to information about the problems with the voter commission. With Russia problems integrity needed with vote
Thank you.
The words from Martin Heinrich don't match his actions.  If the vote is sacred, we need to investigate then fix the voter fraud.
Check out @PVeritas_Action’s Tweet:
That's all you learned in 3+ hours of statistical analysis and discussion? Maybe this 2 minute video will change your mind. #VoterFraud 
From New mexico, figures
Actually, it's a republic.   I pledge allligence.... and to the republic for which it stands.....
THANK YOU
Well, that makes no damn sense.
That's correct. Only CITIZENS should vote. So why not a national voter ID? Oh wait. That would stop people from committing fraud. NG 4 Dems
Then you are supporting voter fraud.. #NewHampshire... #MAGA
Get educated.
Why? It seems if there was nothing to hide, you would welcome it. 
Then why shut it down.... shady
The voter obstruction committee.
And the corrupt voter system now MUCH be fixed.
What's sad is (R) haven't provided any proof Voter fraud is a rampant. (R) are more concerned of citizen in our elections than Russians
You missed what happened in NH?
Kobach: Put the black guy next to me, I'm scared and it makes me look less White Supremacist.
Racist hate post
"Protect sham voters! End the #ShamVotingCommission."
@SenSchumer @washingtonpost please explain what your afraid of, doesn't affect anyone's legal right to vote
You would rather not investigate or question voter fraud, WHY. Is it cause liberals cant win elections on their policies.
no, it's bc it's a lie the gop has come up with to try to suppress minority voters. try looking into that.
Who's being suppressed? Anyone who is s citizen would get a photo ID for free.
Yes - stop wasting our precious tax $
So illegal aliens can vote for President or other elected offices? Is that your plan? Answer Senator!
Thank you Senator Heinrich. You are absolutely correct.
Yeah, right.  Our vote is so sacred that cities in Maryland now want to let foreign nationals vote in US elections.  Got more jokes?
You are just protecting illegal voters which Dems depend on for electing them. Shameful!
Utter Bullshit.
you need at least a drivers licence to get a airline ticket or a book from the library why shouldn't we at least show it to vote
No, we need voting records cleaned up.
For American citizenship
Democrats depend on illegal and dead votes!
everyone still has the right to vote; they just have to be legally registered & all people should be able to attain ID;
You should want to make sure illegals ate not voting after the DNC caught red handed doing illegal acts
Are you afraid of what they might find?
Thank you, Senator Heinrich
Remember you represent both republican, democrat and independent. Start acting like it!
Trump is ok in a lot of areas. Add this to destroy the lives of many who are here ! I think he has a vendetta to undo what Obama has done !
And you dont think what Obama done dont need undoing, I think you got your hat on backwards
Kobach .@VP & Kushner using Mercer's Cambridge Analytica, bully pulpit & States' SoS to get all Voter Information for #VoterSuppression.
Russia hacks States' votes, .@GOP purging voters, Putin conspires w Trump. #WeThePeople demand SCOTUS #Nullify2016 & Protect our Elections!
Are you saying the Russians CHANGED VOTES?
Good Work
