yes, I saw the report. We will continue to #resist 2018 elections will be the wake up call
If this is real, I am opening a bottle of my best champagne to celebrate. #resistance #greenpeace
It is true, but don't break it out yet. We've still got a lot of fighting to do!
Better link?
This one?
621 is a distraction, 622 will destroy public lands + justify future sell off: https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/house-bill/622 …
@SilverWolf_47 Shocking that his moral compass is so off that he needed push-back to make this decision.
Afraid that's the case for this whole new administration
@bluedgal His make believe god would be so proud, you know if it wasn't make believe
It was the gunowners (of which Jason is one)who had the most influence, unfortunately
@karolcummins he will quI etly reintroduce it as a rider later buried in some other bill. He's a snake. Stay vigilant
The very idea of it is one more Reason @jasoninthehouse needs to go, that and his complicity with Russia.
Hope its true. Fact that he attempted will be bulleted next to his other traitorous behaviors.
@jasoninthehouse Very glad you have lost today, sometimes, that's the best thing you can do for your country. For shame.
thanks to all protecting our lands from the barbarians
@Amy_Siskind   Jason Chaffetz is a putz. It's as simple as that.
HR 621 has NOT been withdrawn! Rfrrd to Sbcmttee on Fed Lnds 2/10:  https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/621/text?r=1 … HR 622 will destroy public lands
Thank You!
@TheRichWilkins  You have to call, flood, overwhelm, and never stop to keep these jackals from ruining this nation.  Fight!
thank goodness. Thanks for your support
a glimmer of really good news! Hurrah!
not a single @GOP member anywhere should be reelected.....not a single one!
It's NOT HIS TO SELL!
@jimmyj48125 Another win for sanity.
Yes!!  We have to keep after him to withdraw HR622 as well, and show that we are paying attention!
Yes, but 622 is still around, which would take away law enforcement powers of Forest Service and BLM.
but but HR 622!
Chaffetz is a piece of shit. Let's face it. He's all about big money like the rest of GOP.
Somehow, this doesn't appease me. Can't help but want to keep watch.
. @jasoninthehouse finally showing he grew some balls. Amazing.
Guess .@jasoninthehouse didn't count on his state of Utah would want to keep Federal land from being sold off. STUPID!
@SierraClub yes! 
@MattMurph24 Question is why did he introduce it in the first place?
.@MartinHeinrich @Mod_Ems 
@jasoninthehouse hasn't gone away, that smarm needs close watching.
yay! Good news!
excellent news
Next we need to push back on 622 to keep our federal LEO working on federal forests & land instead of turning over to county
Thanks to conservationists--and hunters and lots of others
They think with Trump they have a blank check NOT when  we stand up for what's right
Sad day.  Don't need so much land in hands of feds and states pushes land prices  up because of decreased availability
. Phew
To be fair, he still has those 43 investigations of Hillary going on that is eating up most of his time and energy
@SierraClub Amen. Protect our Land
I'm sure the good congressman will figure out another way to bushwhack the American taxpayer
yes to our great people, keep up the "backlash ". Morality has left the building
its still amazing to read that he even had the balls to try. I think his job is in danger over this.
Bought territories for resources & Rail to support existing states. Can't compare % Fed land to east
@MargieOmero Other bill allowing drilling on public land is still active, though
@trcfwtt SMH how to qualify this individual
now if you can get him to investigate anything remotely involving the Russian election interference that'd be great. Bigly!
FANTASTIC!!!!!
Did we know this from his private server or am I just hopeful?
well, that is one Goofy Old Party person who has ears. Hope more sprout ears and a conscience.
Thank goodness
@SierraClub Or maybe Rob Bishop has something better up his sleeve.
YES!
thanks for standing up for America.
Mark one for the win column, sir.
Boo, organized land crime.
great news thanks for helping protect NM lands
Is there any way Utah can kick out that little prick Chaffetz in 2018??
@SwaraSalih1 He managed to blame Clinton on there too, somehow.
@FloridaGirlRLS he is about as low as they come. Hey who doesn't want to see oil derricks at the Grand Canyon. What a bum!
Hell yeah.
He still is a creepy man who is just out for himself and making his religious beliefs into the laws of America.
@SierraClub Hell yeah!
Some Good News For A Change....
That's the best news I've seen in a long time!
Chaffetz is a traitor to the American people, along with his morally bankrupt party
America can not be just about money and power. Money and jobs are great, big-league. Please save us from all hate crimes
Yay!!
