Quite odd how they cherry pick which events are legit or not almost like when the read their "holy" book evan though its full of hypocrisy.
Nasa's top global warming researcher said by 2018 Manhattan would be completely underwater so your "tools of science" don't always fit into reality.
I once respected Neil.
I actually thought he had integrity. He doesn't.
Like http://D.Suzuki  and bill Nye, just a buch of sellouts.
Yes, odd. It is, what it is. This Administration is the Epitome of Ignorance. Look at what they're doing. Anything that has to do with the climate or environment, to them a "Hoax." Or it's disposable so Tear it up, Dig for Coal. Vote the Jokers Out of Office. We need Science.
Oh, boy! You need to stop lying to people.
CLIMATE CHANGE IS JUST ANOTHER WAY TO INCITE FEAR!
But Mr Tyson, the Olympics are quite rare to be in your area, its just  that you can watch them on TV or go there for the event. This is  something not done for solar eclipses.
Just like climate change, mankind is effecting the physics of the moon?
You should reread what he said
He said we believe in current atralphysics, but not current climatology?
By your beliefs there won't be a eclipse tomorrow because science is bullshit
Again, silly man, that's because the data is mathematically precise and playing out in real time. No fudging the records, no made up computer algorithms, no failed predictions. It's like actual science predicts eclipses rather than faith.
Please tell us what they can do to stop it? Oh wait, nothing, but you use it to say what?
Have you seen my forecasts? Hurricane Matthew made landfall last year, where the solar eclipse exited the coast, this year.
Ok, then give us an equation. What's science without a formula.
@maxtwining except we can predict every eclipse for the next 100 years within hours. Every climate prediction model has been wrong. 
There are more variables in climate change and they are changing as we progress, the general trend though has been correctly identified
"trend" used very loosely. 20 years ago the prediction was cooling. disingenuous to suggest  these are similar scientific certainties
If you want to argue semantics "climate change" only states climate is changing one way or another therefore cant be wrong.
You realize they changed the nomenclature because it was matching their predictions. That's 1 for skeptics.
Cuz skeptics were short sighted & misinterpreted the point The climate is changing for the detriment Not necessarily getting hotter each day
Short sighted would be abandoning  fossils and crippling our economy to prevent 2 degree increase. Innovation will provide solution.
Oh dear. Eric, climate change is agreed by overwhelming majority of scientists, we most certainly MUST abandon Fossil fuels + #airpollution
Democrats need perpetual & unsolvable problems, like poverty, to get elected on, and what better issue is there than fighting the weather?
Poverty is unsolvable? That's a bold statement. Anyways, what do you make of this?
Career Politicians, and Climate Alarmists posing as wise human beings promoting Carbon taxes really piss me off.
I hate all F'n Frauds.
Neil, there is HUGE difference between our ability to predict planetary movements and the ability to predict climate.
The ability to predict climate is poor since we've been operating in the wrong paradigm. See this new research:
Your theory kinda predicts just 5 numbers using 5 free parameters. There is *nothing* else your curve-fitting explains - nothing.
Great analogy Sir!
Bloom has identified you as one of the top 100 social media influencers on Climate Change. Here's an analysis of social media conversations on
Climate Change : https://eur01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2F2mbvfdo&data=02%7C01%7C%7Ca350d58aac014739ffc808d556a8723e%7C84df9e7fe9f640afb435aaaaaaaaaaaa%7C1%7C0%7C636510204338319517&sdata=isbmto3OJ7EfrItR2TA2q2v905WligHk80ZhmH8uh40%3D&reserved=0 … - let us know if you want to know more
Wow, it took scientists2know that the climate changes, just wow, are they now going to predict the sun will rise in the east and set in west
People used to think the Sun orbited the Earth until scientists made it obvious that wasn't so...
Most people don't deny "climate change". They do deny that man's a huge factor and theories like switching to solar panels will fix it.
True story... the entire solar system is warming and mars and pluto's caps are matching our loss in the north and gain in the south...
How about whether you can become a woman by wanting to, or gender disparities in tech? Are those exceptions to #Science?
No one is in denial of climate change. Some of us just don't think it started 100 years ago.
Problem is: you thrust your "belief" before scientific measurement by experts
It is still unfounded denial, based only on your "feelings"
Future climate models are not measurements nor expierments run in labs. Clearly you're the one who just believes.
Interesting that the eclipse was predicted to the second it happened, outside of a lab. Weird huh?  Let the smart people do the thinking.
Your argument is people were right about the eclipse therefore other people are right about totally other things. Let the smart people think
Climate models not just ideas. They're complex math models, built on years of scientific experience and knowledge. This is trust. Not belief
… And actually, the smart people are those warning us of incoming global warming. They're scientists. Not priests, lobbyists nor politicians
Again, Ptolemy was predicting eclipses well before modern sphere Earthers incorporated his predictions into their pseudoscientific model..

You mean just like the "Ice Age" that the "scientists" predicted in the 70's?? Neil Rotfl
Modeling the movement of planetary bodies based on known values to predict future events/interactions. That's an entire scientific branch
Much more than Newtonian equations involved. 
Also, not a lot of guessing being done anymore. Each time a prediction comes true,  goes up
tell us oh great ones...which prediction
He won't because people don't follow climate change or its failures. They read headlines or a tweets from funny Astrophysicists .
Yup. It's so rock solid that they revise it to fabricate a larger gap ever few years. The fear mongering is real.
Oh, and ever heard of the scientific method? Do u know what a hypothesis is? Do u know what the difference between climate and weather is?
I remember when people said an ice age was coming...
Not to be pedantic, but I believe the saying was "Winter is coming."
We all know it's just when they change all the bulbs. #der
To what degree do humans effect climate change?
Like to see what anti-science idiots reply to Tyson when he tweets. As usual, not disappointed,
Those that would deny it are already in the dark
the climate has always and will always change we live on a molten ball of rock that vents above and below the oceans. an est 1 million below
Please wait, Sir. No betting against the chance of a climate change hoax claim from some rabbit hole #Eclipse2017
Savage.
The difference: global circulation models have no demonstrable predictive power. Climate scientists don't treat water vapor & Sun correctly.
Well I'm not a scientist so I have no clue what you're talking about. But if you're denying climate change, don't even try
Climate change happens constantly. I deny climate scientists models work; GCMs flawed. I deny politicians control over economy by CO2 regs.
I have graphs too
Eclipse done the climate way: we don't know anything for sure except that it will be terrible and devastating - sent from my private Plane
Eclipse done the climate way: Models show 2 to 10 eclipses sometime the next 100y. Locally it might get dark but it might also get brighter.
Well, hang on; I think the science is still out on whether burning fossil fuels can affect a physical environment. Testing this in my garage
with my motor running.

(NOTE: I am joking. Please, those who are paid to spam climate-change denial, do NOT suck your tailpipe exhaust.)
I was venting in a piece I was writing, when I saw you on a @Trevornoah episode I recorded. #OnPoint
@neiltyson we love you! You are awesome!
Exactly!
The small group of people that control the world is based in oil and currency, aka climate change cause, the eclipse doesn't threaten that
Choose not to except real science yet except eclipse
Odd, not the same thing...
truth
Hmm... maybe it is about comprehension skills, or lack thereof.
No one is denying "climate change" climate changes all the time, it is volatile and non linear..what people deny are claims "man made"change
Didn't science predict that Miami and New York would be underwater right now?
Thanks for confirming your sub-75 IQ.
Pure Equivocation fallacy and false analogy wrapped up in one illogical statement.   The 2 concepts are only trivially comparable.
Anti-science people should be running around nekked eating only what they can gather or kill.  Everything else is science.
The argument I always hear is climate change is cyclic, not man made. No wonder intelligent life hasn't contacted us (that we know of). Sigh
Hey, I am all for promoting the issue of global warming but you suggest that because one event is proven correct that all should?
One wonders Neil deGrasse Tyson, why you perceive a computer model as science, yet fail to recognize skepticism as a scientific tool? Bias?
This is nonsense. 1. Manmade Global warming is a theory not scientific fact. 2. scientist have been caught in lie/bias 4 grant funding...
Truth is seen in graphs of global temp. and CO2 vs time over past 400 years, which mirror that of today, but no man https://skepticalscience.com/co2-lags-temperature.htm …
Is thus clear this not a manmade occurance but natural process that's been repeated over and over for 400,000 years. And I'm a scientist 2
Are you seriously equating the reliability of predicting an eclipse with models of climate change? Does anyone still take you seriously?
The reasoning is that if science predicted one thing correctly, everything predicted is true??? #sodumb
Yes strange how Trump , the worlds greatest Conman can back one but not the other, Could it be money???????Hmmmm
Cause we can physically see it 
I think you missed the point. How did they predict the eclipse would happen? Using...?
I did miss the point lmao 
Bullseye
IGnorance+Bad Attitude+sold to consumerism IS part of the problem, Neil. Other creatures deny these facts due to petty interests!
#Eclipse2017 day we laughedhard to deny #Science as eclipse was predicted w/ such precision-MILLIONS traveled to be close to totality
but the climate change predictions are always wrong.
What do you think of NASA's plan to send bacteria into the sky during it?
Why only America?  Will no other parts of the earth experience an eclipse? #science
One you can actually observe. Societies a very long time ago have been able to predict solar eclipses. Solar eclipses aren't political.
Good stuff tonight on Family Feud. Way to take the W
Fake News!!!!
Please compare the accuracy of climate change models to the accuracy of planetary motion models.  Good luck!
Predicting an eclipse far easier than global warming to many variables for man to get his arm around.
Perhaps... good thing science isn't afraid of hard questions!
I think it was perfect between 800 and 1100 AD. Farms on Greenland, open northwest passage and (honest question) why wasn't Venice flooded?

Funny how the eclipse predictions are spot on and the climate change predictions aren't.
Everyone knows the eclipse is a plot by the deepstate and alt-left to block out the sun, kill crops, and thin out our population! 
How do flat earthers explain it?
They don't, and the can't ofcourse. Every argument they have for a flat earth can easily be debunked by a child the age of 7.
 my son is 7 he said "We should show them the pictures so they won't be wrong anymore"
That's the sweetest! No judgment, he just wants to help the misinformed.
Always... him on rain at 4yo
Neice "Look, God is crying"
Son "No, it's the evaporation to the clouds"
Im calling massive bullshit on this, ive seen this on the internet a million times.
Or, you could not provide your opinion. Always an option.
Or I could, always an option as well.
Somehow they also ignore the effects of solar regarding climate. The same people also got a lot wrong & most predictions did not come true.
YESSS
How nice that so many of us want our last home to be in an Etch a Sketch...things keep moving downhill we have our wishes fulfilled
Except climate change predictions are never accurate! You have turned into nothing more than a political hack
If all the science that predicts eclipses, predicted eclipses that don't occur, I would grow skeptical of that science too.
Sure climate is changing, just as it has for 4 billion years on Earth. Earth is dynamic. Right, Neil?
Perhaps the issue is one of specifics. Time date and place were all well known. Climate change not so much. Just lots of change coming.
Astrologers predicted eclipses, too.  That doesn't mean they were right about other things! Your logic is flawed.
They have a harder time seeing CC and eclipses don't require they to change their lifestyle if they chose not to.
Again: NO ONE denies the existence of climate change. It's the silly notion of it being man-made that's at issue. Clear enough for you?
Odd, "Science" predicted warm 0.33' in the 90s due to CO2, actual was 0.11'C. A 200% error proving "global warming" theory wrong.
I make the same complaint when evolution deniers try to say their children look like them or act like them. NO! that is not what you believe
Surely you don't ascribe the same degree of reliability to climate forecasting models as to Newtonian mechanics!
That's because a solar eclipse can be predicted.  You climate change alarmist can't predict scheisse.
Glad @Trevornoah and @TheDailyShow broadcast this tweet tonight! I missed it while traveling!
Just not positive it's man mad. 30% of scientists are not sure.  Idk?
Lol, lets talk about the accuracy of your climate models.
Actually, and mystifyingly, many DO call it a hoax. All kinds of "scientific" proof of its fakery on YouTube.
ROUND ROOM! That should give you a challenge! The Ball Is Dead and We see you for what you Really are A Paid Actor!
Dues paid Up?
The Earth is Stationary, Flat and Enclosed! GOD made it that way for Us Humans, So We Realists Feel you need to go stand in the corner of A
Neil, please stop trying to be something you will never be ... an intelligent, caring human. You Vomit lied and Snowflakes believe you!
Neil deGrasse is AWESOME! I've spent many an evening with Baron  learning more about our universe and SCIENCE in general!
motions, masses, and speeds of bodies in the solar system don't have the chaos and uncertainty of the weather and climate system.
I beg to differ.
I found 1.
Accidentally.
Rapidly deleted from history.
So not pushed tripe like that again.
3rd body, "Black Somecrazyname"
My body couldn't decide whether to laugh, or groan.
So it did both, simultaneously.
Vapidness ... what is wrong w/ these people, Neil?! *
Over 1,000 years ago, Geocentric model advocates accurately predicted eclipses. Try again.
even if two of them happens to be president / vice president
flat earthers deny the earth is round. You have to stop worrying about what a small (< 5%) sliver of uneducated americans thinks.
The methods and tools of science predicted the earth was the center of the solar system too.

God you are so annoying
Climate change doesn't predict solar eclipses
But science drives both.  Why believe it in one and not the other?
Logical fallacy. Just ask Mike Rowe :)
He's wearing anti-science contacts.
I guess you haven't seen the FlatEarthers' posts! ;) #october5rules
I'm willing to bet the flat Earth theory is making a comeback due to Islam. The Earth is declared flat in the Quran.
So, climate change doesn't have issues with, prediction models, variables, discrepancies in sensors, error margins?
No one questions "Climate change". That is obvious. It is cause and effect that is in question.
yea, what does @neiltyson even know about science, right? He should just shuut up and let trumpology replace science. #HailGodTrump
Given that he is comparing climate alarmism and pseudoscience to eclipses I'd say him shutting up is a good idea.
Totally. He needs to take his scientific facts and throw them out. They don't matter anymore. trump's word is law. #HailGodTrump
Again, there are no scientific facts behind climate alarmism. All their models have failed, going back decades. What does Trump have to do?
Climate change is a Chinese manufactured hoax, said God-trump. Just like Ivanka's clothing line. At least make climate change in America.
Climate alarmism is pseudoscience and a hoax. I don't think China had anything to do with it. It was largely self-inflicted.
No it isn't but maybe if you say it long enough, you'll start ignoring the facts of the matter and start believing your lie! 
I thought you were smart. (You are normally smart.)
This take isn't smart.
People have predicted solar eclipses for thousands of years. Nice try bub.
So you are equating nature with human construct? Hmm. Interesting. And where is the 'science' in that? Exactly.
Are you the guy who likes making up George W Bush quotes to suit your purposes as needed?
In your opinion. Consensus about climate change in the scientific community -- even now -- is hardly unanimous.
When climatologists can predict patterns as well as astrophysicists can eclipses, maybe then this will be a fitting analogy. Odd?
Overheard in a Biker bar: "They ain't no eclipse it's just a shadow. It's more libro propagander! "
Yeah,  because they'll be undeniable evidence they can see with their eyes.  If they can't witness it it didn't happen
@KyrieIrving
Not so fast, Dr. Tyson. This I posted to Facebook on August 4.
I'm sure it's an omen of some sort. May be a sign that the Trump administration is coming to a close. Couldn't have any scientific reason.
Sun, Moon and Earth are in right size and right distance between for this mathematical perfection to happen is not random but smart design.
Odd (not really) that science gets much wrong. Long list. Admit a lot of speculation, guessing.  Life is more mystery more than fact
If the earth were flat then I'd imagine the eclipse would be visible in totality from quite a larger cone
But some will tell you it proves Flat Earth, so...

And I wonder how flat earthers reconcile it? Although, I'm pretty sure it has something to do with fying sky beings.
You may be good at astronomy, actually entertaining but I just wish you'd stick to that because you're not very good politically
Could we be in disagreement about the cause tho sir?   What If this planet has a 28k year ice age cycle.  Like the moon and women? Not GrG?
HA! 
Only. God.  Only. God.  Know nd
Odd. PhD in Astrophysics can't tell the difference between one thing with hundreds of exact confirmations and another with NONE yet.
No 2 climate models match and for as long as they have been making them they have never matched reality. Planetary rotation is pure physics
Wow, so true!   But at least one of us looked up at it!  Maybe that's our natural denial of facts that call us out?
No one has been caught tampering with the sun's or moon's orbit either.  I guess repeated incidents of data tampering don't count.
Predict the weather this time next year, go.
Not odd. Easy to map planetary movement in relation to sun and moon. Climate Change predictions based on bullshit stats.
equating contant orbital mechanics to a multivariable system like global climate is nowhere in the same ballpark of predictability
Sure, Neil. Kind of like the @algore prediction of the polar ice caps melting.
Maybe if the same people didn't warn us about "Global Cooling" in the 70s
When you can model climate change with the accuracy of planetary orbits, I'll stop laughing at the morons cheering this idiotic tweet.
And if someone messed up his calcs and the eclipse didn't happen, he'd be called WRONG.
I just love how your ignorant tweet keeps coming up in my feed so I can laugh at you all over again.
the climate has been changing since God created the universe. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out.
Predicting an eclipse is like predicting what day of the week your next birthday lands on.
But Doctor deGrasse Tyson, the one thing you need to predict anything in science, is the ability to count.
But still enough science denial for Trump to look directly at Sun; assume that was for the "base..."
Probably the most silly, extraneous, immaterial, and inconsequent comment you have ever made... and that sir says a lot.
Respectfully sir, did the models predict the observed divergence between measured temps and predicted temps?
I was told that the reason for the eclipse was because of "gods" anger over all us unbelievers. lol
Odd eclipses don't cause uneclipses but gl. warming causes gl. cooling simultaneously?  #youneednewmath
Well that's because the Eclipse actually exists and isn't a theory that was later retracted by its own creator only to be ignored for profit
Nice logical fallacy, Neil.  Science does not predict "climate change".  Odd.  You're supposed to be a real scientist.  Obviously not.
American conservatives have no idea what you're talking about. You mention science and they just start drooling and shitting their pants.
Tools & science predicted we'd all be frozen by now. Then they predicted we'd be underwater. You're full of crap.
Give me a break... No one is denying climate change. The cause is in question. The solution is NOT a political one. Cut the BS.
Credit to the Chaldeans and Babylonians, for painstakingly deriving The Saros cycle. Wait,...weren't they,....I don't dare say it. FE'rs?!
Amen
Except that no one has to commit fraud to get the eclipse prediction to work unlike climate models.
Apparently Trump was he looked directly at that eclipse bare eyes and mouth agape like a child who he experienced their first erection.
Yes, but eclipse calculations are highly accurate, near-zero uncertainty. Climate has much more uncertainties, variables, and unknowns.
Seeing is believing for most people.
Too true
thesearedifferentareasofscienceandtocomparetheirpredictionsisasinine
It is odd. And why don't they deny that germs cause disease? The things people choose to disbelieve astound me.
See the @SandiaLabs Fracture Challenge predictions re: those methods and tools you trust so much... https://static-content.springer.com/image/art%3A10.1007%2Fs10704-013-9904-6/MediaObjects/10704_2013_9904_Fig21_HTML.gif …
Love your work (mostly), but can't reconcile your one-sided perspective on climate. e.g. http://www.drroyspencer.com/2014/02/95-of-climate-models-agree-the-observations-must-be-wrong/ … and
