just paid trouble makers.they don't want to hear any facts they are paid to create havoc
Democrats done put the Hoodoo voodoo on those protesters they're all confused bless their hearts pray 4them 
We want a better life for Americans, all inclusive!
that's all fine&good sweetie pie but we have laws that aren't being upheld result Americans suffer
their jobs are to create chaos thru http://moveon.org  and @BarackObama @OFA ..THEY DO NOT WANT SOLUTIONS
If I was @GOP I'd cancel townhalls, use social medi aand freeze out Snowflakes (they dont vote anyways, LOL)
I am a "snowflake" that votes. @SouthernJetNC Your statement is ridiculous & ignorant.
So you vote wrong, congrats. In Moms basement, LOL
These are the most embarassing group of Americans
that was a setup to make u think those people were conservative by their dress. They were told where to sit, etc
it was on YouTube before meeting & during.  u handled it well. They were screaming so much u had no chance
sorry u were done that way. Keep standing. God bless you
ah, yes.  they may be everthing you say, but bet your boots they VOTE, and not for you!
Town halls are plagued with paid liberals to sabotage everything Republicans do. We all know the true... again
I DO NOT AGREE with you. I am one of YOUR constituents & I find your willful ignorance incredibly insulting.
thank you for telling us what we think. #answeryourphone
IN GOD WE TRUST. GOD is A UNIVERSAL term to illustrate that we follow a path of the greater good for all people
Now you know what I went through 2017 years ago. Some things about man goes unchanged. ?  ?  ?
#TrumpProtesters admit George Soros pays them to protest and get tattoos
Interviewing #TrumpProtesters #NYC March 2016 "What a joke"!
Protestors deliberately sent to disrupt.  Democrats and Liberals are delusional.
Right,& that would result in preaching to the choir so what's the point? Not getting hurt feelings?
can't cancel townhalls. Maybe check ID to show them being in your district vs from Berkeley CA
but that crap they pulled was ridiculous and shameful.
most of them are paid idiots
Wrong! If they were paid idiots you would have been out there! Trumpsters are so misinformed & sad.
You should not underestimate the intelligence of these protesters. You continue to disappoint, Cassidy.
Airport #TrumpProtester Gives Interview REGRETS It Immediately!!
yes because you are going to replace #Obamacare and won't provide adequate coverage at a cheaper cost.
The disruptive, were the problem.  Not ALL the people.  Good call!
or...you could listen and see that hey have real concerns. Or don't and get voted out of a job.
by "they" you mean Republicans?
not only Dems, most of these people were Repubs at Cassidys townhall, he just cannot recognize his constituents
reminds me of demons being exorcised. Reaction all demons have when saying the lords name! Lol
(2 of 2) They will come at you from one direction but flee from you in seven Deuteronomy 28:7
God Bless You The Lord will grant that the enemies  who rise up against you will be defeated before you (1 of 2)
paid to play a part, even if contrary to own true beliefs, pitiful, destructive!!!
they protest even if it's good for them. That shows how stupid they are and being controlled by someone else.
Fact: Liberals are smarter than Conservatives! Google it if you know how.
I am proud that you have uphold principles regardless of their hatred filled hearts.
It would be better to work together but after 8 yrs of Repub. obstruction I don't see it happening.
Bill Cassidy is a coward. Louisiana deserves better!  Do your job instead of interviews.
do the morons protesting for ACA realize they will be out of insurance without repelling
No because they are morons!!!
what they are rejecting is the fact that America voted and doesn't want them in power anymore
They need to be stopped. Protest peacefully or be outed. If they persist in disrupting; they should be arrested.
These are organized agitators paid by the left. These are not conservatives, people are being fooled. Wake up!!
Paid protester or just ignorant ones still disrespectful to not at lease let the man speak.
wow, Condescending to constituents may be a bad idea...
liberals/dems are pure trump haters no matter what he does, regardless of whether good for america or not.
when Dems in power our defense is weak & this was an 8 y term.  So its urgent to be strong & powerful again fast
don't give in to these bullies!!
That's because they are paid. Our Country was built on IN GOD WE TRUST. Even our money has it also.
this was not hard to figure out that these were rigged protests
Republicans, "Let's all just breathe."Democrats, "We're opposed to that!"
Times have changed
BROKEN: House refuses constituents concerns in favor of insurance company cash. Then mock sick and dying.
Reply to @foxandfriends @BillCassidy @FoxNews http://dailycaller.com/2017/02/27/leaked-audio-reveals-anti-trump-forces-manufacturing-hostile-town-hall/ …
Sick of the 1st amendment. These protests should stop!  Very unamerican!!!!
remember after we lose free press, they take our guns...
they protest before the Pres even speaks.  They are already preparing court cases against the new travel EO
No, no one agrees with it at all.
There is the rub. The democrats are disagreeing with policy that they actively promoted for the last 8 years.
Having attended a town hall you clearly have no idea what you are talking about.
Trump unacceptance radical demonstration syndrome..... TURDS for short
I truly believe that a lot of these people are not Trump voter, nor supporters! These are unreal people!
they are paid they are doing it for the money not for what they believe in. Scum from he'll for money
you CHOSE to run for this office. If you don't listen to your constituents, they will CHOOSE to boot you.
fake news
one must actually have independent thought and not become a party lemming as seen with most of the GOP.
I see it a problem on both sides. Both sides need this division to work for their own agenda. #fanningtheflames
the idea that those not in favor of the GOP agenda is a "snowflake", "libtard" or "idiot" is too.
"they" can't hear because "they" are too busy preparing a response to listen.
Let's pray "they" calm down & see  @POTUS @WhiteHouse is TRULY doing for ALL of USA. Oh Lord open eyes & hearts.
the perpetuation that anyone that doesn't agree with the GOP is automatically a paid protester is ludicrous.
The town hall organizers for protesters are following the Saul Alinsky's playbook on rules for radicals.
all trump supporter use there playbook at the Dem town halls rise up Republicans  https://www.indivisibleguide.com/web/#header-chapter-four …
Protest just to protest, aka temper tantrum.
they need a real life. Who would want to live in their miserable skin. Negative people causing conflict
Truth! Damn! Trump could deliver a roadside baby and they'd find something wrong with it! Vindictive!
Town Hall proteste'sr are democrat supported, You don't see this at a Democrats Town Hall, eh  Guess who is pays
they're not getting paid to agree.
I remember ppl acting out like this and were charged with disorderly conduct. This goes very deep ppl Very deep
It ain't about the issues, it's about disruption and trying to make RNC/@POTUS look bad. Professionals . . .
I'm a protestor, I'm not paid, and I know that #devos  bought your vote, and will ruin special education.
Are you talking about the GOP during the last 8 years who were reflexively obstructionist? Because, I agree.
Please do NOT repeal/replace the ACA. I've called you many times. My daughter has a preexisting condition.
I think that's something they are going to keep
I believe when @foxnews quits showing this garbage, it will go away. I turn the channel every time.
Show us the videos.
I've never seen anybody act or think the way these idiots do!
we need to stand up in the town hall meeting and say a prayer and the National Anthem 
DEMS & SOROS BIG $ BEHIND ALL THE HATE ! VERY SAD
so sad, wouldn't even let the prayer or pledge be done how disgusting
They are the new terrorists within our own country! The law best get a handle on this soon
Their only purpose is to cause turmoil and be disruptive, it's their one and only goal.
I think we should get people to show up on movie sets at just yell at them @foxandfriends @BillCassidy
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP #MakingAmericaGreatAgain  #TrumpTrain

Protesting prayer! Shameful miss guided people.
disgraceful acts of bullying!
most of the protest I've seen what they're wanting is exactly what they're trying to get pasted The rest no idea
I hear ya
It's because they have protestors & rioters all year around. They need to mature and grow up!
if I was a Democrat I'd cut my own throat! They are sick!
