BULL CRAP

Since when? Habitual #LIARS all!
Back to the States....Read the Constitution..push Hillsdale Free Education...#HillsdaleCollege
You want to transfer responsibility
You want to screw the people in those states
Repeal the Jones Act, help PR
Fine! Power where power due Return only funds paid by state No subsidizing states with funds from other states @SenateDems @HouseBudgetDems
Sorry, but there are some things that are just terrible ideas.  I believe in States Rights, but this is something they don't need to be in
how about helping the people of PR. no food, water or health care. what is wrong with you people??
B.S.    u want 400m from Koch bros u sellout.  Kimmel busted you.
shut up.. admit. . your plan was no good and failure from its birth. ..
wow. 81%

NEW Quinnipiac Poll

How Republicans in Congress Are Handling Health Care?

APPROVE: 11%

DISAPPROVE: 81%
Then we don't have to pay federal taxes to you to mismanage anymore.
You want 400 million dollars to fund your greedy pockets for human lives.please take a seat and shut up already..parasite
Exactly what I said
Because I'm sure Alabama will do the right thing. 
Hahaha
Perhaps you should focus on returning power to Puerto Rico.
He cares abt PR abt as little as he cares abt healthcare.  Not.  More interested in Koch bros 400m and his wife's sham charter school.
@RBReich @maddow @CNN @GeorgeTakei @nytimes If we accept premise Trump is mentally ill then we must ask "Who is running the country"?
Gop shld plea 25th Amendment,  replace him 4 mental probs
Agreed!
You want to Gut medicaid and give tax breaks to your donors.  If you told the truth maybe you would have a greater chance to pass it?

Yeah you know What? So did this guy? #Traitor
People will move from state to state to get better insurance.
Puerto Rico relief
return power to the individual.  What happened to individual responsibility.  Like auto insurance?  Life insurance? Dental insurance?
No you want to screw the states and make tax cuts for wealthy donors
Get back to Louisiana and work for the people
The states have too much power as it is-your plan would have pitted states against each other...could have ended with a bidding war for care
Because the Confederacy worked so well?
GOP fail again!  No surprise
Keep it simple.  Health insurance is a commodity like auto insurance.  Offer a basic catastrophic plan in addition, tiered plans.
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy America took power away from you THANK GOD! We know what’s best for us! @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @KamalaHarris
 
We "ALL" know why you want to return power to the states!!! You don't want the responsibility of telling the public that "your premiums are going up" and "you're not covered"!!!!
If "returning power to the states" is code for "screw the people who live in those states" then forget it.
Did your deathcare fail?  Dont worry you will get your wish with the GOP focused on the NFL and not getting aid to Puerto Rico.
All night last night when Sanders asks anything...
I’m leaving the GOP Voting for Bernie and watch the country go bankrupt 
The power is with the states on ACA, that's why red states' failed because they didn't accept exchanges, making it harder for insurance.
Lol. Pack of Dotards.
The NCGA will keep the money for themselves.
this is why your party sucks
Then why didnt you do it
YOU WANT TO PAD YOUR POCKETS with big insurance kick backs! #PAYOLA #CROOK #LIAR #CHEAT
Return power to the states. Wow have you even read your own bill. That's not what this does either.
For the love of God, just get big money out of politics. Then you will be free to make good decisions.
You mean you want your state to get a big pile of money. We aren’t stupid! Do your grafting somewhere else
I will b dead b4  u accomplish that.At least lived long enough 2 elect best President ever.Besides my grands,thats my greatest recent joy.
Its obvious by now that each state has their own agenda re: these proposed health care packages. Just let each state handle it on their own.
He could start by helping to turn the power back on in PR and US VI.  #purposelymisunderstanding
Except when it concerns progressive policies. 

Economic Jim Crow policies? State's Rights!
Here's @BillCassidy demonstrating what his bill would do to the necks of the poor, sick & disabled.
So, you want to turn health care over to guys like @onetoughnerd who  poisoned the water supply of a city in his state? You think he cares?
State insurance programs will mean you can only get sick in your state.
Traitor to WethePeople. First Do No Harm. Liar,
Why can't you just repeal it totally? #Senate #Congress should not be exempted from #Obamacare . That's very unfair.  #MAGA

But that's failing to achieve national scale and risk sharing, how is a 50-state solution to low-income better??
But the way you are doing it-isn't that like keeping your wife barefoot and pregnant?
NO, that's not true. You want to return TAX CUTS to the wealthy.  GOP are Whores to DarkMoney donors and Health Care access is not Ur intent
Bull Shit, we see you #TreasonWeasels
Gotham! Take control!
partisan hacks all - can't wait until you're all voted out of office!
again, I say...we were there 7 yrs ago & agreed the system was broken & $ was going to profits, not patients. Why return to a failed model?!
Nope. You want to give more power to the rich
Liar
Maybe find pockets other than the Koch brothers to pilfer & you won’t need to terrorize your constituency w/ the threat of lost healthcare.
"Who do you mean 'we', Kemo Sabe?" - Tonto.
>>> VOTE THEM OUT!!
>>> want change. THE GOP WILL TAKE AND KEEP HEALTHCARE FROM EVERYONE WHO COSTS MORE THAN THEY WANT TO COVER LEAVING AMERICANS TO DIE>>>
>>> to survive for 4 years to vote & make a change. But the True LIE in this BILL is that Gerrymandering Can Exclude all the voters who >>>
>>> Have to Wait 4 years for anything better!! How does a Cancer Patient given a premium by the Gov at 80k stay protected?? They have>>>
In the debate no one pointed out how long a Governor is in office which is typically 4 years If the Gov give his state a bad plan>>>
States Rights is racist subterfuge.
All 8 GOP senators up for reelection in 14 mos, voted to take away our healthcare so to pass $1 TRILLION saved to TRUMP & billionaires
Call BS, #GrahamCassidy = #Wealthcare
Bullshite
A death plan, that's why they won't let the public know what's in it.  Why else would they hide it? Death to those who are sick !!!
.@potus @realDonaldTrump how ever - the @gop does not...RINO Season 2018 started with the 1st vote buddies... by by rino's
you kinda wanna hurt American people. Sorry, but true. #BigPharma is more important to you
How about returning power to the ppl with #FAIRtax! Leave our income alone. Get out of our pockets. Stop fixing symptoms U created.
Talk to companies that influence Healthcare costs. What do they need to lower costs. Get gov't out of healthcare so we can afford it.
Republicans ONLY want tax cuts for rich- they couldn't care less if poor have healthcare or not- we can SEE the evil in play now
Why do u want to take our healthcare away from millions of Americans??   Nothing in bill reduces costs just consumers? Who does this??
Republicans want to hurt Americans. America is smarter and we realize we need better leaders. What you stand for is wrong not America
@BillCassidy How about you return power to the people?
You want to return BLUE state tax revenues to RED state coffers, for them to do as they like, is what you really mean.
@nhdogmom   @SenateGOP so that states like Fl and TX can increase their already highest uninsured numbers? Do you think we are that stupid?
Didn't we fight a Civil War over this, @BillCassidy US GRANT said it was the most evil cause anyone ever fought over.
BS. You want tax cuts for the 1% and less desirables to die
Bull crap!
Yah. "Return power to the states" is just a lame slogan to make this bill palatable. A more accurate slogan: "remove healthcare from people"
You're a f'g liar, Cassidy. All you want is a share of the Kochs $400mil. You only hv to pass this shit bill & deliver a tax cut 2 the rich.
Dr. Umbehr in Kansas, & approx 600 other Dr's are working closely with Ins. Co.'s providing great #Healthcare for their patients. FreeMarket
non-medical advice, insurance won't cover anyway: get this man some vitamin D and some sunlight
An IOdiot bill... You expect people to buy into thsi?  Good luck in the midterms!!!  LOL
So that LA can maintain shit health outcomes and there be a mass migration to states who care?
No Mr. Cassidy, you want to save money for the tax cuts.
That's also a lie, as proven by the bribes to Maine and Alaska.
Obama care is failing! Repeal it,  don't replace it!
My Lord you guys are worthless, bet you can't get tax reform done. Flat tax Flat tax Flat tax is the only fair plan. Remember the 30 Trillio
Lol
My state is run my assholes. See Scott Walker. I would rather adults keep their hands on the wheel
Cassidy repeatedly lies about the bill which cuts medicaid does not guarantee affordable coverage for pre-existing conditions.
Ur plan hurts too many people. Work across the aisle on a plan that assures quality care for all, not just those with adequate resources.
@realDonaldTrump @charlesornstein @ananavarro @dougducey Big mistake.  My state of AZ isn't organized enough to handle insurance.
Tell me how that works with a Brownback type in control, KS gop ended up voting in more taxes to cover brownbacks errors, trust him with HC?
Where's the outrage???  Jared Kushner several other Trump @WhiteHouse staff were caught redhanded using private email servers #hypocrits
And @LindseyGrahamSC said if your Gov didnt offer good HC, vote them out, what about gerrymandered states? poor ppl cant move at will either
So if an insurance co tried to sell across state lines, like 45 pushed different laws & req’s x50? Seems like bloated system no portability
And cause pregnant ppl disabled preexcond addicts mental health and so many more no coverage and higher cost.  EVIL
And then what? Let the richer states continue to subsidize the poorer states, but with less Fed $$$ to richer states?
But the power WAS with the states. Some states opted out of ACA and now those citizens have no healthcare. Big surprise.
It sounds good but does not hold up to scrutiny: the CBO report.  
A patient advocate's response to GOP claims about "failed" Obamacare:
#DumpGrahamCassidy
Pass the buck, more like.
so they will do  your dirty work and you keep your hands cleans as millions die from lack of health care
Repubs don't want to give sufficient money 'to the states' to do an adequate job. So 'the states' will do the culling of who gets healthcare
@BillCassidy Another GOP lie. You just want tax breaks for your rich donors
U "Want to return power to states" unless it involves #marijuana or #choice We see you @senateGOP @GOP @SenSanders Take profit out of health
Then get your @SenateGOP to not hold out
Not on Healthcare . Not with no assistance. And with all the jobs mobility in this nation, what a nightmare!!!!
You want largest tax cut in history for the 1%#stealingfromUS  #wealthcare #liningtheirpocketswithourblood #bloodmoney
All I've seen and heard points to the GOP wanting to do away with the 60+ age group by making health insurance unaffordable.
Fake
He meant power to the PEOPLE but got excited...:)
Unless it's about weed or gays or single payer healthcare or education or anything other than states stopping healthcare and abortions
You say this, but it is not honest reporting. Give U.S. the facts.  Your bill is careless, wasteful, and will deprive millions of care.
Returning power another term for passing the buck
You want to cut taxes to the wealthy & appease your donors. The image of @LindseyGrahamSC running from disabled protesters isn't going away!
Corrupt Faciest GOP kleptocracy in action

good try, the real failure is to NOT TRY to fix a mess.  good try bill, keep it up.
States can do schools, infrastructure  &National Guard. Part-time legislatures of States WRONG place 4 something as important as healthcare!
No, they want to give the wealthiest a tax break. Get it straight.
no all u wanted to do was meet a deadline instead of concerned about the millions of Americans with no or little ins w high prem
Health care needs economies of scale - a national solution. States can't do it. #NoTrumpcare #NoGrahamCassidy #MedicareForAll

We want you to return power to #PuertoRico
Power, but no funding!!!
No you want the burden placed on cash strapped states so you can give fat cats a huge tax cut with federal dollars tell the truth don’t lie
Because states rights. Anyone else heard that line before???
Nice "sell" -like a crooked dealer who wants a car off his lot(the one that catches &blows up when buyer turns ignition) #GrahamCassidy
How about u return power to the states by not sabotaging ACA&listening to the Medicaid heads who HATE YOUR DEATH BILL?!?
Get a life!
U r delusional Doctor! Look in the medic bag for a quick Mack!U lost n America won. Now help fix ACA n do no harm! @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Let’s return power to the people! Why was DPC support with HSA funds cut? Isn’t it our money? Isn’t it our health? #freemarket #supportdpc
Oh yeah, that's worked great in the past. Slavery, segregation.
Nobody believes that is your reasoning.  Give it up.
You want to steal more minutes be from blue states to give to welfares red states.
All this talk of returning power to the states. So if that happens, what the heck do we need any of you people for?
You look nervous! And like you are about to strangle someone. And like you are looking at Graham for advice.
No, you just do not want to do your job.
http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/18/health/florida-sick-kids-insurance-eprise/index.html … CAUTION VOTERS: How GOP power works at the state legislature level.
You want to return power to your donors!
Not over my dead body!!!
If you want 2 return power 2 the states, let them pay for it. There is nothing in the Constitution allowing the fed gov 2 subsidize states.
My state didn't vote for Medicaid expansion. Disaster for us! ##ACA
Idiot! Won't work. States will not adopt and catchment areas too small. Stupid doctor. You talk in politicease not sense. People travel!
You mean money in your pocket, right?
Power to what? To discriminate ppl w/pre-existing conditions? just want to repeal ocare just for the sake of it, as 1 of your senators said
Why not ask Michigan, Flint, how that would work out for them ?
....and we want Obamacare properly administered and funded.  People before GOP doctrine.
NOOOOOO- We want comprehensive coverage for ALL Americans! NOT a 50 state cluster f-----!!
Then NC is really screwed.
Great, how about restoring power to Puerto Rico? GOP: they're just a territory  
Well then, DO IT!
You lost this debate
How about returning real power to the people?  Enough of unworkable GOP ideology.
Just like they wanted in 1860...
But not about Marijuana, with that it stays illegal, screw more power to the state we are the Feds!!!
...just not a free hand in how the States implement programs. Because Congress knows more than anyone else, they think.
Repeal the filibuster, then Obamacare.  You cannot repeal in reconciliation. You will never get to 60
Uh. Awkward. #YouTriedThat #DidntWork
