#GrahamCassidy gives Americans more healthcare freedom and defunds #PlannedParenthood - a big #ProLife victory!
Senator. During your stay in the Hospital, did you worry how to pay for it? America deserves better. Obamacare should be fixed not destroyed
Amen
You aren't listening very well.  Figure out a way to make Obamacare better - don't just repeal it.
DID YOU HEAR...WHAT WE THE PEOPLE...HAD TO SAY ABOUT THIS LIE ??? GOD is going to take that second chance away from you IF You Keep this Up!
@tillmanair you should remind Pelosi and crew who's false rhetoric caused your injury. You showed so much class. God bless you
watching her grandstand when addressing U. She should have been begging 4 your forgiveness. @NancyPelosi shame onU
YOU ARE ALL A BUNCH OF LIARS.

#KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyNO #GrahamCassidyBill #KillerBill
It's time the Senator responds to his constituents and hosts a real town hall where he actually answers their questions. Hm. @SteveScalise
Maybe you should look at the more current polling which shows millions more want it to stay.
2x's as many people don't want a Repeal...including Trump and GOP voters...how do you reconcile that?? You can't or you lose donor $$'s!
Wrong again...
I think you should erase all your tweets about Graham/Cassidy like your idol does
YEAH IT HAS 12% SUPPORT.  WOW.  #LYING  #WEALTHCARE
You have Health Care that is awesome..You do not care for the rest..so
BOO!  HISS!  WRONG!

How about millions of Americans who DO NOT want it repealed? So many Americans will lose coverage, especially Mental Health with this bill!!
Killing thousands of Americans and weakening our ability to deal with national disasters and pandemics is NOT in America's best interest.
Every American citizen has the safety nest. Hospital cannot turn away any one in need as long as they accept medicare
That's for emergency care only. Doesn't cover preventative care, cancer treatments, rehabilitation, long term care for chronic diseases, etc
Clinic are for preventive treatment but you don't like to wait your turn
 That's not what you people are about
 Its always me. ,me me ...
I'm getting the feeling you have no idea what you're talking about. 
I have scstrong feelingvykur people store ignorant snowflakes whovfknt go to doctors
This is a lie!!!
You learned nothing from ur horrible experience! I really feel sorry for ur soul. Facing ur Maker is not going be easy.
I don't recall you having that discussion with your constituents lately. Racists like you will do and say anything to repeal Obama. FAIL!
Time congress listens to majority. We want ACA fixed. If passed Graham/Cassidy will take millions off health insurance & cause untold harm.
No, sir. The majority still prefers to keep an improve the #ACA .Do the math again.
The majority is irrelevant.  #POTUS was not elected by the majority. But he is now in charge and has a mandate to #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Do you have good health insurance, minority? Do you have children? Do you care about all Americans or just yourself and the 37% with you?
Millions of Americans DID NOT want Obamacare repealed.
I see your health scare did nothing for your humility.
Still the same racist.
How would GC be better for the citizens in Louisiana?  Gov Edwards expanded Medicaid to help more people.
Gov. John Bel Edwards signs the executive order expanding Medicaid eligibility to 300,000 working poor
Take a poll now after full intelligent nationwide public debates with experts after agreeing on what facts are!
Where are those Americans? They don't exist.
Aren't you late to a checkup?
#WeThePeople will show many @GOP how badly they have erred - at the #Polls! God bless you Representative Scalise. Our prayers are with you.
....nope- "they" should PASS TOTAL REPEAL!!!!
REPEAL THE ACA SCAM Not Healthcare Is Government Mandated Health Insurance steal money(penalties) from Poor (EIC) give to Rich insurance co
Hope your feeling better Mr Scalise.
Hey, Steve!  How are you feeling?  Welcome back !
We want the same healthcare  you have
If it was to be repealed and replaced with something better, not worse!
It may be time you consider listening to the majority of Americans who want the ACA fixed and not repealed.
They SHOULD listen to the other 90% who DONT want it repealed.
And like EVERY SINGLE HEALTHCARE ORGANIZATION!

#resignAndGoFuckYourself
Repeal already. Its a given some need help but ppl are out of their freaking minds to think the gov  pay for everything. 4 ltr word=work!
Well the majority of us are now very happy with the protections the ACA affords us. No life time caps, preexisting conditions covered...
I always "love" to find out, someone I've followed, @Twitter decided for me, yet again, that I shouldn't follow them anymore! #Nazi's
Tell me, Steve, does #GrahamCassidy completely Repeal Obamacare
 or just 20% of Obamacare
 You haven't even read the bill, I betcha
Amen!
Please come into WDC to vote on Healthcare!
Not what the polls are indicating.
You are False and dishonest Scalise https://www.facebook.com/rpatino2/posts/10103042584238752 …
WTF when are the ppl that we elect going to do what we sent them there to Do?  McCain is pd by Clinton 2 sabotage Trump!!
Tell McCain the turncoat! He only cares about his own hurt feelings and hate of Trump.
Just thinking of you today!  Hope you're doing well and on the mend!!!
Republicans should vote to remove McCain.His brain cancer is reason for concern in his ability to think clearly.
Steve,rest of us should have same coverage as you.Then when the unexpected occurs&operations are needed, we survive. Did you learn anything?
Repealed. As in ended. Stopped. Halted. Not tweaked, modified or rebranded.
How did you like your GOVERNMENT sponsored health care? Were there any FEMALE HC profs who saved your life?
Please make a video for Senate to vote4 #GrahamCassidy!  KempRoth only passed because, like you, Reagan was shot and got sympathy!
Louisiana is fourth poorest state. Please think about your neighbors who aren't as blessed as you are Mr. Scalise...... WWJD?
They wanted it repealed. NOT REPLACED BY THIS!
No, sir. We said we want Obama Care REPEALED. We did not ask for Graham-Cassidy care. #TCOT #MAGA Unconstitutional.
It's time the Senate listened to the millions of Americans who made it clear they want #Obamacare repealed. They should pass #GrahamCassidy
You know, don't you, that many employers do not pay insurance for employees? This is extremely regressive. #Trumpcare  #UniversalHealthCare
Please do the right thing by EVERYONE, not just the rich. What are your priorities? What about people making minimum wage? #Trumpcare
Premiums are projected to rise. Could be $70k for me...out of my pocket. And I help pay for yours, too. http://ampr.gs/2xsFgJG  #Trumpcare
It's not the voters who want this. It's your billionaire donors. And you'll do anything for a buck.

American lags in health care, far behind countries with universal coverage. That is no coincidence, Senator. #TrumpCare
Is it that you depend on insurance companies to fund campaigns? What is the conflict of interest that keeps you from doing the right thing?
Given the creativity and imagination in this country, we are capable of finding a health care solution. Why won't you try? #TrumpCare
I, and millions of other taxpayers, pay your salary and your (excellent) health insurance. Why can we not find a way to universal coverage?
Please!!! Listen to us!!!
Unfortunately for you, there are many millions more that think Graham/Cassidy is a FED cop out. Put country before party for a change!

Actually the majority want to make Obamacre better, NOT repealed.. You are out of touch!!!
Right, listen to FoxNews/Breitbart propaganda and then screw all those "little people".{brown, black, elderly, women).
Go ahead and tie yourself to this lead balloon. No coverage for pre-existing conditions=fail.
And you sir should reimburse the Treasury for your govt run ins coverage. Evil bastards like you should be grateful and yet ... no ...
Thank you, Rep. Scalise. Many prayers 4 your continued recovery. It was good 2 be able 2 hear from you on this critical effort 2 abolish ACA
or they could listen to the millions more who don't want it repealed
millions of Americans do not want ACA repealed. Please stop your lying.
@GOP It's time to listen to the Hundreds of Millions of Americans who are AGAINST Graham-Cassidy bill. Only 12% support it.
The AMA denounced it, because it violates "First, do no harm." @GOP has become LYING CLAN OF CORRUPTION.
FAKE. The majority of the country like Obamacare, only a small amount of people want repeal. The GOP is ignoring what the public wants
Maybe you're deaf because that's not what they're saying
The majority of Americans are against you and #GrahamCassidy. Millions does not constitute a majority. Some in your party will have guts
Swear under oath every Senator who votes for this will accept it for their family w/o rich guy supplemental and I'm on board
Swear hypocrite
The vast majority of Americans want the ACA. In poll after poll. YOU refuse to listen! What's YOUR health plan? We pay for it!
Don't remember getting screamed at during your rallies? Hardly anyone wants Obamacare repealed. Just you arrogant jerks in Congress/Senate.
Not gonna happen.. I deserve the same insurance as you Sir. I pay taxes & ur salary. UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE FOR ALL
You're literally killing us.
...also time they listened to people whose lives would be put at risk, my daughter's included. This is not some STUPID political game.
If millions want it approved why is approval on this bill at 14%. Stop lying to the American People.
I have an idea. Why don't you listen to the vast majority of people who don't want anything like this bill and stop trying to kill us.
Instead of the overwhelming majority who are against this and prior GOP HC Bills? No thanks.
You'd think after getting shot & spending months in a hospital on taxpayer funded healthcare, you'd change your tone. Guess not, clown.

they did not realize ACA was Obama care now they don't want it to be repeal replace
Get over it already
#fakenews #liars
what millions?  Surely you jest ,or else are deaf and blind.
It's time the Senate listened to the millions of Americans who have made it clear they want affordable & effective health care.  No repeal.
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE.  I DESERVE THE SAME COVERAGE AS THOSE IN WH. I WORK & PAY TAXES...
#billcassidy #JimmyKimmelTest #Obamacare #GOPliars
Aren't you the rep who was shot? Who paid for your healthcare during recovery? There's no way you covered it all yourself.
What's in the bill or does it have to pass before the facts are revealed. It appears that the bill is another which doesnt solve the problem
Doesn't matter what in it. Koch's said no more money unless ACA repeal is passed. Literal blackmail by American oligarchs.
HYPOCRITE!U had FEHBP to cover u when u needed extensive hospital care! All citizens should have the same insurance thst U had access to!
Every poll says more support than want to repeal.
Nope! Wrong!! Bullshit!!! #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #SaveACA
Respectfully, millions were promised better and cheaper care. The G-C bill is not what you  promised.
Accidently retweeted that one. I do not support G-C bill.
Neither do I nor should the Representative. The bill makes their intent clear: lower costs by decreasing demand. Ppl will die in the process
Liar
Didn't you benefit from the ACA?
More are opposed to your option, #trumpcare
Liar bought by Koch 
It's time the Senate listened to the millions of Americans who made it clear they want Obamacare repaired, not repealed. This bill sucks.
@SteveScalise It's time the Senate listens to the millions of Americans who want ACA. You had great care. Why can't others? #KimmelTest
Thank you for your service & so glad you are better. Taxpayers & small business owners who carry the burden need Obamacare repealed.
The only people that want the ACA repealed don't know what the ACA is. It's sound fiscal policy. You fool. Hope you're feeling better.
So glad that my dime covered your medical treatment;you know the Big Guy upstairs gave you a reprieve and this is what you do with it #Shame
U R SO WRONG.  Millions want the ACA,  N O T trumpcare. Have staff bring you news clips and such of protests.  Wake up!!!
We also voted against illegal immigration but that's ignored too
@BillCassidy
The ACA saved my life. That's not hyperbole, it really saved http://me.Now  I'm paying back into the system, healthy. It works.
Welcome back hope u feeling Gr8 still praying for u
Great 2 see U making some noise, after your near-death experience, sir. Countless prayers were with U every day.
What voices have you been listening to? The "Millions" said DON'T REPEAL THE ACA.   No trumpcare ever.
I am paying for your care, haven't heard you once offer to pay yourself so why do you hate me so much to take mine away? #noGrahamCassidy
Are you paying the cost for your care after being shot out of your pocket? I'm betting yr insurance covered it.
Welcome back Steve! Hope you are well. Pass the beautiful bill already! Fed up! Thank you 
Think again a/hole.  Almost 3 million voted for the candidate who believed in The ACA.  Nice try loser.
I think YOU should have had to rely on #GrahamCassidy for your latest health scare, you racist fuckface. #MAGA #RepealAndReplace
At 59, I survived a subarachnoid hemorrhage. YAY, pre-existing condition. We're retired, get a choice of bankruptcy or death? God will see.
It's a good thing for you Senator that you are exempt from this socialist monstrosity, how about excepting  the rest of us
You only listened to each other and your donors. You ignore and work against America. You're both dishonorable with no morals or ethics.
I mean, except for the majority of us who don't.
Just fix Obamacare and call it Trumpcare!  If they voted for @realdonaldtrump they're not very bright!
Huh. Where would you be financially now if you were a regular citizen and not covered by the government health insurance?  probably broke
YOU ARE WRONG! Millions of people don't want to LOSE heath insurance!! NPR had to explain Cassidy's bill to him. Enough said!
baloney! voice you have megaphoned over the voices of FACTS
Nope
But not the majority just a bunch of deplorables
Who is that exactly? Majority oppose repeal, if we're going to speak factually. Oh wait, you're in the @GOP
@SteveDaines @SenatorTester this bill is as bad for MT as the others. Vote 'NO"
Oh give me a break. If you cared about US Citizens, you would stop this abomination now. We are all a preexisting condition.
Wrong!We do NOT want #ACA aka #Obamacare repealed! U r privileged to enjoy taxpayer-funded single payer #healthcare.We need health care too.
Liar!  Be grateful your healthcare is paid by the Federal Gov.  If you want less Federal spending, pay it back!
But not with an act that does not address the fundamental problems-most expensive, poorest outomes compared to other developed countries
So can you guarantee Louisiana won’t institute lifetime caps or remove protections for pre-existing conditions?
Says the man with gold insurance coverage. My bronze plan would leave me bankrupt in your situation. #savetheACA
You must feel really entitled to let people die so u can have free insurance!
So anyone with a pre existing condition will have to do without any healthcare since the premiums will b totally unaffordable?
LIE!!!
We love you senator Scalise. Glad you are healthy and back
How about listening to the majority of Americans who made it clear they don't want the ACA repealed?
It's time for you and the Republican party to stop pretending you have a mandate. The majority of Americans didn't vote trump or Republican
Meaning that the majority of Americans don't support the Republican platform or the agenda you are trying to push.
