They want that Koch money, even if it means taking healthcare from their own constituents. @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain
Shameful ur taking healthcare away from ur constituents  
What happened to the Jimmy Kimmel liars Health b4 party
#NoNoSOULNoDecency SAD
This is a despicable lie.Your disengenous hard sell of YOUR Bill, McConnell,will take insurance away from 30 MILL.Americans/INCL ELDERLY

@GOP - Officially the party of stupid. #GOPShame #GOPStupd #GOPRussiaGate #Resist

I cannot in good conscience vote for Graham-Cassidy. A bill impacting so many lives deserves a bipartisan approach. http://bit.ly/2xtEuvz  

Dear @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy & @realDonaldTrump Fuck y'all and the Big Pharma, Big Insurance, Koch Sucking, horse you rode in on. 
Something as important as healthcare should be rushed through congress quickly with as little thought as possible. Great job! #JimmyKimmel
ARC off Pathway to Better Kentuckians, #Human Rights Violations abound #Crimes against women increasing #Pay-to-Play Ky
You dummies will be voted out by all the folks you fuck over with pre-existing conditions. It's a whole lot of voters.
That's BS and you know it. 

I hope you are enjoying your last days in power.
Yep. Let's take healthcare power away from representatives of the people & give it to corporations instead.

Obamacare is failing because of GOP backdoor deals with @mtbert to trade ACA market collapse for anti-competitive mergers. https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr/status/910569501921443840 …

Then #RepealObamacare and states get all control back. Simple!!! @freedomcaucus
The only thing that needs to be out of Washington is you, @senatemajldr.
Frauds, you just don't have the balls to defy special interests by supporting pre-existing coverage at the federal level.
cc: @SenSchumer @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @courierjournal
re: #nullify2016
"[Trump NOR Pence]...qualified" - Amend XX, sec 3
How about we let them decide to go with UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE? Oh, yes, you want to prohibit that sort of State's rights.
The bill is morally repugnant and you will all be held responsible as the architects of the bill that killed Americans!
#WEALTHCARE
No coverage for pre-existing conditions? Wrong idea.
Then this same plan should be good enough for you and other members of Congress. Hypocrite.
Such a disgrace would u xcept this plan Im sure not Ur all on the wrong side of history 
no integrity no morals no 
 Ppls heath b4 party 
It also wants to shift the cost burden from Washington to the states. Long term this means less funding for health care related programs
You don't get insurance works do you.? You need larger pools to reduce costs, that means the entire US.
No, they like you want to murder people because republicans are evil fucks. #MurderCare
We don't need another bandage bill. We health care for everybody! Our health care system is broken and this bill will do nothing to fix it!

Mitch the Bitch McTurtle
SHAME ON YOU ALL!  SCREWING OVER THE SICK & POOR AGAIN.

YOU ARE ALL BAD & WEAK LEADERS!
I want Washington out of our personal choices! Kill all government health taxes and mandates on restrictions Obamacare placed on us!
I think our STATES will do a better job then Washington. Because they absolutely care about it's citizens unlike DC.

Just admit you wanna undo everything that our first black president accomplished, please? We already know you're bitter about that.
Lies
Liar
So now your life depends on what state you live in?
And watching people die
You just want money to pass on to the rich.....forget it. The people are on to you and your ilk. We can't be fooled by hollow rhetoric.
Then why sneak it through without CBO and debate? Looks like a shyster move to me.
yep you'll get Obama yet
I'm from MN. We tried "flexible" federal rules. Results: nightmare paperwork and funding cuts. Have no reason to trust this is different.
And giving them less money to do it.
I want to know when I can set up a call for any of you 3 with my disabled child ?
Liar.
You are lying @SenateMajLdr.


You have 35+ GOP govs so where is their co-plan? VA has no med expansion but we pd for it for other states all these yrs. @MarkWarner
How can you call yourself a man?
Typical DC...screw the working class to make the Top 1% richer. U just want Koch $ Mitch!! #DrainTheSwamp Not #MAGA!!
What a hideous bill, Mitch.

I am a republican against this bill. My republican governor stated that this bill will cost my state of Maryland $2 billion....
12 Pinnochios
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/18/16328856/american-heart-association-obamacare-repeal …   16 prominent health care groups say Graham-Cassidy bill is terrible.
Bad idea, sir. Adopting a healthcare system that's been proven to work would stop all this nonsense, talk to any country w universal care.
That's not all it does. Liar.
This bill allows lawmakers to pass death sentences to state lawmakers who are in league w/you & collapse competitive states who cover. 
Not.  You just want Mercer money! #savemycare

Once again, bipartisan governors have joined together to send a strong message: the only way forward on health care is if we work together. 
You mean you want to gut medicaid. Fixed it for you.
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
Desperate men do desperate things

How many times a day do you bend over and grab your ankles for the Kochs?  And please, Leader?  You're no leader, you're a joke.
As long as they gollow Colorado's example, fine, otherwise, no.
If you really want these ideas then YOU HAVE TO WORK WITH DEMS AND WOMEN
Hmmmm.....then why are they not doing the smart thing by supporting @SenAlexander & @PattyMurray 's work?  #noGrahamCassidy #yourlastterm
GOP is a cadre of sick bastards.
How can states do that when you're stealing from them to support states that, historically, make poor decisions? Parity, my ass.
And what if the states do not? Don't tell me to vote officials out. I didn't vote present ines in.
States Rights. What the Confederacy fought for. They lost. I pray you lose trying to hurt people.
You and your party are pathetic.
STILL PUSHING GRANDMA OFF THE CLIFF
I never thought anyone in government was truly evil. Then you came along.
STILL NOT CHEAPER, STILL NOT BETTER, STILL NOT COVERING  EVERYONE
Shame on you!  You are directly responsible for the dysfunction of our current Congress.

No conserv who cheers ripping away the insurance for babies born with critical diseases (for tax cuts) can EVER claim to be pro-life again.
If by decision making power u mean federal protections 2 protect the American people from predatory pols & their donors in the ins. industry
Why do you assume the states decision on health policy that is ludicrous.
Killing people fills you with joy! Forcing people into bankruptcy because they can't pay their medical bills gives you a warm fuzzy feeling!
Watching people suffer with life long illnesses and throwing the elderly out of nursing homes into the streets is what your all about!
It's all about the donor money!  Insurance companies make billions of $$$ off the backs of the people and you take $$ payoffs!
How is it the insurance companies make Billions? Take the profit out of health care! It's immoral!  Health Care is a basic human right!
Vote against Graham /Cassidy

Vote NO on this Graham Cassidy health Care plan. Single payer is the way to go
You all should give up your FREE HEALTH INSURANCE first before taking away voters health insurance.
Vote NO on this HEALTH Care plan. Voters will be watching, next election you will feel the pain you have caused.
Every preventable death that occurs with lack of access to insurance/health care will land squarely on the @GOP #fixACA
then why is there a current push to not allow states to set up single payer if they want?  Liar

Of course he did. He got paid to. 
By taking away coverage for preexisting conditions. Doesn't everyone deserve the same healthcare you have?

It would be great to pass this bill! Get on the train and get it done! Anybody against it should feel the wrath big time! Get it done!
In McConnell's mind, "America Can't" while other countries "Can!" A shameful elitist politician willing to let people just die w/o HC.
Everyone knows how low McConnell will stoop to support billionaires. So of course he is all for destroying health care in America. Elitist.
saw a news cartoon it is what you want smotherex not recommended for young old sick poor you don't represent the people

You sir, are a liar. Karma will catch you and not be kind.
Terrible plan. You're just kicking problems to the states. You are all failures.
So why are so many governors against it?
McConnell your one of the evil politicians to come along.

Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
You should be embarrassed. No debate? No CBO score? Stop and do this right.
The number one thing that should be taken out of Washington is you.  You are a shallow, petty, potentate, who pandors to the privileged...
...even over your own constituents, callously discarding their healthcare, intentionally denying them their health protection,
Liars all.
Really, how do you sleep at night? You and the GOP are deciding to take away healthcare from millions.
You say VA, TX, ME will be better off with your plan. What about CA, NY? Will their citizens be better off? Define "reasonable" coverage.
and letting people die who can't make big campaign donations.
How about we remove @SenateMajLdr, @BillCassidy, @lindseygrahamsc from DC instead?

People with pre-existing conditions, pregnant women among those who lose out in GOP's latest health care bill. http://apne.ws/iP7et7Z 
#GOPSerialKiller #LIAR willing to kill citizens to undo anything by the black president & give rich donors a tax break. #RussianTraitor
Liar!
They want to implement a plan that allows Republi-Klan governors to launder the money they wanna steal #Medicare4All
.@LindseyGrahamSC & @BillCassidy want states to implement better #healthcare ideas by taking more decision-making power out of Washington
You have to prove you can govern folks! Doing nothing will be devastating for your party.

and the red states will screw their constituents, who sadly who voted for these idiots.
No, they don't. They want to jam through a terrible bill that will hurt millions so you can line your pockets some more. Liar. Traitor.

Bill Cassidy looked right into the cameras this morning and fucking lied like a rug.
Because Bill Cassidy is a KOCHSUCKER

(actually, @billcassidy and the entirety of @senateGOP are KOCHSUCKERS)
#kochsuckers BOTH @GOP & @DNC  are filled with them
They want money. Money from the Kochs, tax cuts from Trump, & if Americans die or are driven into bankruptcy that's just fine w/ them & you
I'd it's such a great plan, you go first. I'd like an amendment Congress loses current Healthcare and uses this for a year. Then introduce
That declaration does not make this citizen feel more comfortable Sir
You should be ashamed of yourself! How many elderly will lose their coverage (nursing homes)? Babies?  Remember you are so pro-life....
Every single one of you are lying & are going to kill Americans!!  How much did the insurance companies pay each of you??  Evil men!!
You will all lose your jobs!!!
YOU and 45 need to be taken out of washington.

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
LIARS CLUB
Well- of you get that through, it's the RED state residents which will suffer most. They are largest recipients
Please get this passed. If the GOP can't start making progress with Trump there will be no financial support for the NRSC or NRCC
Some states can't even support their schools and you think they can take care of their own healthcare #soulless
you are all liars, cheaters, thieves and killers. pre-meditated 1st degree murderers.
Is coffin assistance provided or is that up to the states - you shmoe-hawks
You will go down in history as a villain in a very dark time of history. This is cruel and the purpose is racism. Anything to undo Obama.
That is bull.
you suck!!
@Morning_Joe says "Every One is worse than the last" with No Idea what the effect will be if you reorder 1/6th of the Economy 14% Approval!
Well truth is we couldn't figure Healthcare out. So we're just going to toss it back to the States. And kick Millions off of healthcare
#Liar
It may be what you want, but do you think/listen/care about what your constituents want? You work for us.
States don't implement better ideas with less money for medical care. Just another scam Republican way of screwing people out of health ins.

Pass reform or resign.
Stop trying to kill us, pretty please!
