A known liar saying another liar isn't a liar. Your credibility with most Americans is lower than your credibility with American banks.
Breaking records for how low you & your ratings can go....
I wouldn't want Cassidy as a doctor any more than I would want Carson operating on my brain. They both have forgotten the 1st rule 1/
2/ First Do No Harm. #KEEPTHEMAWAYFROMHEALTHCARE  /EOM
.@BillCassidy does not speak for all, or most, physicians. He is an embarrassment to our profession.
Sen Rand Paul & Sec Tom Price also don't speak for all physicians. I feel that they, with Sen Bill Cassidy, are disgraces to our profession!
He lies.  His bill will hurt millions in this country.  Medical associations, hospitals, nurses and the people are telling you it is awful.
He cares absolutely nothing about healthcare. What a joke. Cares only about $$$$

Kimmel has now spent 24 minutes on national TV this week talking about health care — about 24 mins more than Trump has. https://twitter.com/politico/status/911067681746571264 …
 & more agreement on how horrible #GrahamCassidyBill  is #KillTheBill
Drs who stop practicing medicine to do politics aren't drs, they're politicians. Listen to practicing Drs who agree #GrahamCassidy bad
@BillCassidy Everybody got that about who our GOPklan senator really is? @Indivisible337 @mad1nola @Grandma_Shelia @Stephaniefishm4
He wants to help these people.


We're all praying that whatever is Best for the American people comes about.
The Lord knows the pain & suffering of Americans in the US
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence #WeThePeople will not surrender our nation to the cancer that is #Congress & The Big Healthcare Insur. Cos.
2/2 Now you want to take away what Obama gave me. you kmow I am up night after night all night long worried about my meds and seeing my Doc.
Do you really want to help Americans w/o healthcare or do you just want to undo whatever progress President Obama made?  Just saying...
No he's not
You just want to repeal Obamacare because his name is on it. It's all an ego trip for you!!! You don't really care about it!!!
And your plan is?
Liar.
There’s actually 5 lies in your tweet. Trump’s new personal best?
You're not a class act. Resign.
Did you READ HIS BILL????  Do you read ANY BILL???
The mere fact he is endorsed by you is only further proof. #BS
And Moore running 4 gvr in Alabama totes a pistol in public. No to Moore.  Go to Vegas too,  lazy
I have no faith in a president who says "Nambia's health system is increasingly self-sufficient." You know NOTHING about heathcare.
And, your plan is?
I'm not Congress so it's not my job to devise a plan. But I live in Japan, which has universal health care, and it's marvelous.
Who dat beeeee
Sounds like the polar opposite of you!
You lie so much. My patients and neighbors and friends are going to suffer because of your maniacal plans. God save us from your evil.
If you endorse him, then we KNOW he’s a lying POS just like you.
You're an idiot and a fool and Mueller is closing in!
No you are
Says the bot.
You the Bot???
Funny. If you are not a bot ... the responses you give mimic them well.
but u do not want to help people unless they stand for your flag it is conditsional
Please Mr Trump look at your gun laws.
That's great news Mr. President!  Does that mean he'll vote against the horrible bill he wrote?
Jimmy who???
#WorstPresidentEver
agree so why not have the Senate  and Congress  have the same health care as the rest of us. Make them use Obama care and see how fast it
He may not but that is all you do!!!  NO DACA NO ILLIGAL MEXICANS GET RID OF THE RAG HEADS & Any other that in not AMERICA CITIZEN
At first I thought it said Bill Cosby xD
*cracks knuckles*
Hi, people who follow @realDonaldTrump! FYI. Cassidy's bill would throw at least 32 million Americans off insurance.
Says who?
@BillCassidy 

FYI:
And they laughed, smiled and patted each other on the back. And Trump continues to chip away at the ACA. There is a special circle of hell just for the GOP. ENJOY! 
Get #government OUT OF HEALTHCARE!

#FullRepeal

#FreeMarkets
Lies!!!!
Prez Don, you must realize that any RepuDlican bill that takes medical care AWAY from millions of Americans HAS to be bad, eh?
All 50 States Medicaid directors have rejected the bill
BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
A liar saying a dude doesn't lie - how f'kin funny is that shit? #GOPAreLyingBastards
What is also the funniest thing, in one tweet...Kim Jong Un showed he's  waaaaaaay smarter than Chump!
@BillCassidy  @realdonaldtrump 
@sengraham2016 

Your Graham-Cassidy Repeal ACA is NOT a healthcare bill.  IT IS A TAXCUT BILL FOR TOP 1%.
How do you get the words out with that much shit in your mouth.
Lol
I have several pre-existing conditions. I voted for you.What do your decisions about health care do for ppl who are sick.We need to know !?
This sort of breaks it down, but it's still confusing!!
Ridiculous... Humans should have access to equal healthcare coverage no matter how big or small their illnesses or bank accounts are..
You lie like a rug.
You understand that putting the phrase "he doesn't lie" is suggesting/admitting that he is, in fact, lying.
except for he did lie.
If he "cares" so much why is he making us all SICK? He's a gastroenterologist whose giving us stomach ulcers! Nice. #TrumpsALiar #Traitor
Really?  Are senators and congress required to participate in the new plan?   Enough said!
Donald Trump you should read that healthcare bill then you will see us with pre-existing conditions are not protected. This is EVIL!
What are you doing about the #SpyRingInCongress? When we were shouting #LOCKHERUP we weren't asking. #PUBLICTRIALSANDPUBLICHANGINGS
While Congress quibbles over disaster money we have Munchkin Conjob & Pricey taking $300,000 jet trips
When u have to say someone "doesn't lie", usually you are the 1 lying...  which is of course what u spend most of ur time doing. #Obamacare
He's lying abt pre-existing conditions, allowing states to opt out of requiring coverage 4 some & able to charge more to some. #readthebill
You either take pride in spouting utter bullshit to the American people, or you're a true #dotard. Most likely both.
Liar! U've no idea what's in it ,cuz U don't read bills, they're boring, no glossy pictures or glowing references to ur fave person , You!

He is a liar and so are you. #trumpdeathcare #ImpeachTrump #resist
Graham-Casdidy Bill is the worst form of public aid expansion without any proper coverages!
Also, you ARE a lie. A walking talking lie through and through. Sad, really really sad.

the day the people gave up their personal health and doctors to put gov in charge was the day all went south---horrifying
We know, sir. No worries.  We're very aware of the moonbat propaganda. Leftists have NEVER liked OC. It's never been anything but the /1
first stepping stone to "universal" HC, which has been their longterm goal all along. As a matter of fact, OC was designed to fail in   /2
Yet ALL of these organizations are AGAINST his bill. #liarliar
Why not just REPEAL and not REPLACE?  Get government out of our healthcare business.  As before obamacare.
Two liars dont make a claim truthful! #SickGOP
But you lie. Therefore I have no faith in your decisions!
liked to Jimmy Kimmel Lied to American people btw have you read the bill
The bullshit continues to flow from your mouth. I don't lie.
And we're suppose to take the word of a person (trump) who constantly lies. 
We all know what's in the bill. STOP LYING. I see a big tax cut for the rich
Well-as a physician myself-he makes me embarrassed for my specialty. I took and practice my Hippocratic Oath-"First, do no Harm" #SaveACA



You do know to say ( Cassidy doesn't lie) is a lie right? Every Majoy Health Care Association says #GrahamCassidyBill is Cruel! #dotard
He doesn't care about me. I have a heart defect. His bill will likely make my care unaffordable.
Nope, @BillCassidy is violating his oath to "first, do no harm".   You've been duped by the GOP and Kochs. Sucker
I do remember when Cassidy said that pre-existing conditions wouldn't cause an increase in premiums.
Cassidy is just another fraud who wants to overturn everything that Obama did just like you
How about just fixing Obama care rather than trying to completely repeal it and replace it with garbage?
I am sure Obama knew what he was doing when he put together Obamacare.  Just leave it alone.  Nobody wants a new plan.
Imagine That! Allowing DOCTORS, not Obama Bureaucrats make decisions about Healthcare laws!
President Trump is returning America to a FREE-MARKET healthcare system where Americans can get affordable, high quality care!
Thank god!  I have my own insurance and love it.  I don't want Medicaid.
Then ask the people of they want this bill - NO!!!
That's a good joke! 
he is lying and so are you.  Anyone who read it knows costs skyrocket and nothing covered.
You are clueless.  Millions would lose insurance, pre-existing conditions could make insurance unaffordable!  Bad for the people! Just evil!
That's quite an impressive list of healthcare organizations denouncing the latest Trumpcare incarnation!  Doesn't that tell you anything?
Have you read it? I doubt so.
Maybe he doesn't lie, but YOU do!
Obviously that's a lie because you said he doesn't lie but you ALWAYS lie.
Please explain why Alaska is offered the opportunity to continue with ACA but only IF Lisa Murtkowski (so?) votes to repeal ACA...WTF?
This healthcare sucks..... Obamacare rocks!
An endorsement about class & honesty from Crooked Donald #Trump.  A sure sign Lyin' Bill Cassidy lied and doesn't care what he does to us.
You don't lie either #MAGA
Unless you get rid of the one size fits all plans.  Nothing changes.  Higher premiums higher out of pocket no access.  Fix it right
If only you knew what a class act was. That is something your money can't buy
1/2 President Obama is one of the greatest Presidents we ever had! He gave me healthcare and no lifetime caps! I have pre-existing condition
Economist Kenneth Arrow (1972 Nobel Prize in Economics) has written about the economic effects of adverse selection b4 Cassidy sold his soul
This great! You both get to embrace each other and lie together! Congratulations!
He & rest of @gop aren't listening to what ppl want/need. They're working for special interest groups. you
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a shitty act who doesn't care about  people and their Health(care), he doesn't wants to help people!
I'm sure you'll pardon 99% of America if we don't rely on you to decide who's a "class act,' and who isn't. #PussyGrabber #cyka
So you are saying he's the opposite of you?
Taking away 32 million people's Healthcare is NOT #MAGA. It's pure fucking evil that is a disgrace to all this country used to stand for.
Anyone who believes that a Republican healthcare bill is intended to help people is delusional
You wouldn't know "a class act" if it sat on your face.

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
You do all the lying needed.
Lying through his teeth and violating his oath is such a classy thing to do....in theory.
Trump bull shit haa haa idiot .
Yes he just wants to help people remove their hard earned tax $$ into the pockets of the 1%
More evidence the #heathbill is a piece of crap. Perhaps you find that term offensive,  https://twitter.com/thehill/status/911036343664484352 … @MariaTCardona @Amy_Siskind
#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
You don't even have a CLUE whats in the HEALTHCARE bill you r pushing for. Learn to read cuz Cassidy is lying like a GD rug!
Bitch you don’t even know the difference between @IvankaTrump and @FLOTUS
If he wants to help people this would be a strange way to show it.  This bill hurts, actually kills people.  a cruel bad bill.
Rouhani says Iran will strengthen its missile capabilities: state TV
Clearly that is a lie!
Republican death care dies, thank you John mcain
"dotard" Period.
Sick how can you block someone with cancer for trying to tell you how your healthcare bill could kill her
bullshit
You either have read it and are lying, or haven’t read it and are just making shit up.  Which is it? @SenJohnMcCain don’t let us down
Which people the 1% or the 99%? Seems to me he had 99 problems!
Exactly! He will help people w/ #preexistingconditions die when they can't afford the expensive rider they need to keep their coverage.

Do me a favor-share this with Donald Trump. He blocked Laura so we need to make sure he gets this video message. 
Lying to cover for another liar won't make you more popular than Obama or Hillary. People trust & like @jimmykimmel more than you #tinyhands
Careful Tom, u might just hurt his feelings and block u
I'd consider that an honor and a victory!
Donald Trump you must realize by now that Cassidy is not being honest and that his lying about this bill! Please put a stop to this madness!
Follow his lead.  Stop being http://deplorable.help  PR. Be a leader! What is small is your legacy.  Disappointment you are.
Yep, willing to kill millions of Americans to get that 400 mil from Koch bros. Open mouth, insert foot... We know

Interstate Free Markets w Tort Reform! Get t Government OUT of H-care, it's Inefficient & drives up Costs. @mike_pence @RandPaul @cvpayne
YU GPNEEBENEKKW9
Unlike you???
Did you read the bill? Can you read?
Mr President put McCain And Lisa Mon Obamacare and see how fast it gets fixed.add what Rand P is saying then the votes will follow
He's a Twitt...just like you!
POTUS, we MUST fix real issues in private system 2 make healthcare cost-effective e.g. $760 B admin cost. Coverage reform won't resolve this
Not one not one medical group is in favor of this. WHY. Cuz he is a LIAR
There are a few class act republicans You & Cassidy are not one of them Give up & fix the ACA
Funny how you have say he doesn't lie because he was caught clearly lying on national TV.

Laura has stage 4 cancer-she spoke out against the bill then Trump blocked her–Please retweet her video reply below. 
Please Donnie, read the bill before you say anything else. Cassidy has NO interest in the health of America.
Please , if your mouth is moving you're lying!  He's heavily funded by Insurance lobby groups! Americans are not stupid
What? Help them to die? No he lied--I heard him and I saw him with my own eyes and ears.  NO class act behaves that way.
You really ought to S top telling lies that can be fact checked.
Liar.
Jimmy Kimmel would disagree with you!  Sorry more lies!  Cmon fatassss....when can we wrassle for charity?  POTUS
He obviously lies, as do you
I guess your word is true!!!

That's your opinion.  Everybody knows he's lying shill.
He lies and you lie. NO ONE supports this version of Trumpcare. You're killing Americans. #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResign
BS
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1713309898700493/ …
In other words, the exact opposite of you.
He was paid millions ass-wipe
Did you read the part about states being able to opt out of pre-existing conditions???
He doesn’t READ Manny!
Cassidy and you are big liars!! You are trying to actually kill people! We won't let you! #GrahamCassidy
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Who knew that helping people means my spouse will not have affordable health insurance.


More lies from you too Donnie
Yes.  I am a Democrat, and I almost hope the bill passes.  Americans NEVER FORGET HOW TO TREAT RAPISTS! (Republicans 2018/ 2020)
Exactly.  An Act of deceit.
No real Dr. would come up with this plan. He is an Undertaker, wants more business putting people in the ground. Murderer.
