Hopefully your time away has given you the opportunity to reflect & to come back with a conscience.
Your a sick individual no I'm not a bigot or racist
Let’s take a quick look at Steve’s voting record shall we?


I’m not the one who came back to work after getting shot & started hammering away at the civil rights of the person who saved my life.
Specifically what civil Right did he hammer ?
Since he’s been back or ever? How much time do you have?
Glad to see you're back! Will you use this horrible experience for something positive, please read below from jms. It's so true!
How are the gun laws working for you? #LasVegas
How are gun laws working in Chicago Not Working No One there to enforce them
Chicago isn’t an island.
So glad u r recovering. Pls speak against silencers. New bill would let assassins go unnoticed and more hurt. Can u empathize? #gunsense
Stop watching Hollywood like it’s real, they’re not silent
Suppressors aren’t & won’t be used by criminals
https://twitter.com/kailuahapa/status/913704442310017024 …
#gunsense
So glad u r recovering. Pls speak against silencers. New bill would let assassins go unnoticed and more hurt. Can u empathize? #gunsense
Scalise's shooter could have used a silencer and there would have been twice as many bodies. Police would hate this. #Russianbot
Majority of gun owners want more gun control idiot. I own a gun. https://www.facebook.com/thejapantimes/posts/10154927107228344 …
So glad your better please help our country
WELCOME BACK!!!!!  TRUMP NEEDS HELP IN CONGRESS BUD! IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU BACK!!!
Right On Sir Another True American!!
Have a great merry ho ho home big guy you and your love ones
to get on the road again The life I love is makin' music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again On the road again Like a band of gypsies we go down the highway We're the best of friends Insisting that the world keep turning our way And our way Is on the road
And we are glad!  Continue getting better, Please repeal ACA
Praise the Lord that you are i'm happy and i'm refollowing because Jack suspends for tweets even ones about Jesus
again Just can't wait to get on the road again The life I love is makin' music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again And I can't wait to get on the road again
https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/934752385926393859 …

Is this image too harsh...or not harsh enough??

If you think it fairly reflects today’s GOP, which is filled with defenders of pedophiles, please retweet.

…
This rep needs to go, he is horribly ignorant.
https://twitter.com/LedJEFFlin/status/937808922815160320 …



never been Seein' things that I may never see againAnd I can't wait to get on the road again On the road again - Like a band of gypsies we go down the highway We're the best of friends Insisting that the world keep turning our way And our way Is on the road again Just can't wait
FOR STEVE & ALL THE RECOVERING FALLEN & MISREP...On The Road Again Lyrics             On the road again - Just can't wait to get on the road again The life I love is making music with my friends And I can't wait to get on the road again On the road again Goin' places that I've
Has the excellent medical care you received without going bankrupt made you reconsider taking away coverage from millions or nah?
Everyone can be covered. They just need to pay their own way.
It's really quite simple.
"In its majestic equality, the law forbids rich and poor alike to sleep under bridges, beg in the streets and steal loaves of bread."
That's your best response to the concept that everyone can already access health care?
I can access a Cadillac too. Doesn't mean I can afford it. Difference is, I don't need a Caddy. I would like to not die though.
I’d like to see the person who’s died due to not being covered. Last I checked, a hospital will ALWAYS admit life threatening patients
Hospital will always admit an emergency patient. Diseases/conditions not often an emergency until its too late.
Lots of people will refuse to go to the dr, because they lack insurance. Ok. But that means I should pay more, so that they’re covered?
Welcome back superman!  Louisiana is proud of you!!
THANK GOD for answered prayers! So glad you are back!!!
God bless you Sir and happy you are well. ~ J
Welcome back! 
To bad.
Great to hear from you, Steve. I'm elated with your recovery and wish you every possible success. Bruce
Fantastic news. 
Welcome back! Glad you are feeling better:)
Welcome Back.
Great to have you. Stay on offense
So, so glad.
SO AM I....& FIRING ON BOTH CYLINDERS! ;-) HOPE U FEEL BETTER.
Show your thanks by not robbing poor people of health insurance.@CNN @ShannonSharpe @RepMaxineWaters @KasieDC @CNNSitRoom @DwayneWade24x7 @MTPDailyTweets @BlackLivesMpls @undisputed @realDonaldTrump @BobCorker

KEEP FIGHTING THE GOOD FIGHT!
I was proud.. Until he betrayed the American People
He's back to support ppl purchasing bump stocks, assault weapons, ending #NetNuetrality, & supporting GOP sexual assaulters. *Yay*

In Portugal, with no net neutrality, internet providers are starting to split the net into packages. 
Can you go back please. Fuck your policies
Leave again.
Congratulations if you were a Democrat the press would be all over your recovery from a vicious attack.  As a @GOP they will be silent
Sorry it happened    We all pray you and family can resume your life     This is one reason we stand with PRESIDENT TRUMP
Very good news to hear!
La is so happy! Geaux Steve! We love you!. Hurry home! New Orleans misses you! Who Dat? Steve!!
I think you mean Metairie or Hammond.
#NOLA is as liberal as NYC.

Now @SteveScalise can go back to taking away our access to healthcare. 
If u live in Metairie or BatonRouge ur still part of  NOLA! (we may not like mayor) but we r all part of The Who Dat Nation! So yes NOLA
God Bless you!
Welcome back sir!
Praise God you are still with us! Our prayers will continue to be with you and your family! Thank you so much for your service
How do you feel about everyone having guns now that you were on the receiving end of what they do to human flesh?
Your life was spared because of the actions of 2 black policemen. Have there been any changes on your views about race and black Americans?
The only views that need to change is your delusions.
As a Democrat, I am glad to hear you're back on your feet, we may disagree but violence is never a solution
Thanks for your kind words. It seems some twitterer should don't know when to turn trolling off.
I do my fair share of trolling, but violence is not a partisan issue, it's right versus wrong issue
I agree, I just saw that a few people took the opportunity to bash a democrat, very inappropriate.
It was a Democrat that shot him. ..
The individual who shot him had a record of domestic violence and still legally obtained a gun
So what. The Democrat still shot him...
Finally entry...have you ever heard of personal accountability? BTW democrats also serve in the military...member of the Silent Service here
So Sick Of Republican's Lies,
Watch This & Learn...
'This tax scheme is the biggest bank heist in American history' — Sen. Merkley wants to dismantle the GOP's tax plan 
yes you are, sir.  And the American people are glad of that!

The Vast Majority Of House Republicans Voted Yes On The Tax Bill That Rewards The Rich & Screws The Poor. #TheResistance Will Remember That At Election Time. Senators: Planning On Doing The Same? We'll Remember That Too...
…
#HoldTrumpAccountableFor 
#SexualAssault 
#ObstructionofJustice 
#WitnessTampering 
#EmolumentsClause 
#MagnitskyActViolations 
#RussianSanctions 
#ElectionFraud 
#Treason 
#MoneyLaundering 
#TaxEvasion 
#YemenRaid 
#NigerAttack 
#PuertoRicoRelief 
#HateSpeech 
#NativeLandAbuse
Hey Steve Scalise- how come businesses keep SALT deductions- but individual tax payers lose it? California tax payers hosed!
I am sure this will be your stance going forward :
So glad!
Annnnnddddd... who cares.
Damn shame!
So very thankful Steve Scalise is back to health and back to work!
So “thankful” to have you back. It’s so sad to see people posting such ugliness, a reflection of their parents, always they show their ugliness, 

The Vast Majority Of House Republicans Voted Yes On The Tax Bill That Rewards The Rich & Screws The Poor. #TheResistance Will Remember That At Election Time. Senators: Planning On Doing The Same? We'll Remember That Too...
…

What amazes me is how these Republicans in Washington continue to lie about who’s going to benefit from their tax bill – even when their own Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Taxation show that the major beneficiaries will be big corporations and the rich.
Welcome back back sir ....
What a beautiful photo, it says so much! We are so glad you are back and voting for the people
Bless YOUR heart! 
God bless you and am so glad that you're back
11/17/17 Still wonder how you’re doing. Hope you are recovering more each day. It’s so good to have you back doing the people’s work, thank you
I love u Steve ty for showing kindness too a crazy person like Rosie O’Donnell ! I r my hero
God has blessed you for a higher purpose 
Glory be to God
After passing this tax plan I sincerely hope you get voted out and are never involved in public service again.
God bless you 
Nice
And Americans are screwed..
Shame on you.  Shot.  Almost killed.  And now almost 60 dead.  And still!  The @nra still has you by your tiny little balls.  #traitor
Best tweet ever. Good news Rep Scalise!
Yeah! Time to pass common sense gun control right? 
I'm sure the crazed mental case that shot him would have been the first to adhere to "common sense gun control," right? 
Welcome back!!
Awesome. Do you think every American should be afforded the same wonderful healthcare you rec'd without having to go bankrupt?
You might want to do some research, no public hospital can refuse treatment to an individual that cannot afford it. EMTLA act 1986.
It's about preventative care and being able to afford treatment when you are sick instead of putting it off.
Myth. Preventative care  :
Is about the same..sad . Worked hard all her life. House is paid for though . I help her as much as I can.
Just in time to spread more hate and divide people...
Any thoughts on common sense gun control?  Or should we let more wackos shoot innocent people?
No, the #NRA owns the GOP
Welcome back and God bless you.
Thank you Jesus. Beautiful pic 
Can you walk, Mr. Scalise?  You always appear to be seated or standing with help.  I certainly hope you fully recover from your wounds.
Too bad
Unfortunately.
Thank you @SteveScalie for  your honorable service to all of us in Louisiana and the entire country.  We need more people in Congress with your fortitude, honesty, and work ethic.  Best wishes for continued recovery.
 God DID Bless You  Help GOD BLESS LEGAL AMERICAS 

 Today Is A Very Important & Very Revealing Day. 
Republicans Have Created A Tax Bill That Favors The Rich & Screws The Poor. #TheResistance Has Tweeted & Re-Tweeted MANY Facts About That.
NOTICE WHO VOTES YES ON THIS B.S. BILL~
…
You are doing an admirable job Steve! I still have faith in the court system even though a Calif Superior Court and  the California Appeals court screwed me over.

If Your Representative Votes "Yes" On The Tax Bill
That Benefits The Rich, At Our Expense,
VOTE. THEM. OUT. OF. OFFICE.
#TheResistance Will Be Glad To Remind You...
…
Back to LIE

BREAKING: the Senate GOP is planning to rip health care from 13 million people, drive up premiums AND cut Medicare to pay for tax cuts for billionaires and corporations. They just can’t keep their hands off our health care. If you fought Trumpcare, we need you in this fight now!

BREAKING: CBO: Tax bill will automatically cut Medicare by $25 billion per year almost immediately. 
So happy!  Answered prayer, indeed!  Shalom “Blessings”
What happened to the promise to put complete bill on line 72hrs before voting so people could see the exact language-right now it sounds like “you have to pass it to find out what is in it”
good for you! now you can leave again if you plan on voting for the horrendous budget and tax cuts for the rich/corps! this will devastate our economy and country! selling us out to the highest bidder! RUSSIA!!! COMPLICIT!!!
You a wasted vote people do not trust politicians especially you
Dude you in la la land!
Do you think if people smoke more cigarettes we will have less cancer and disease, like you believe more guns keeps us safe from guns?
#twistedlogic
Your vote for this bill raises the national debt and you are a hypocrite
Your linguistic skills are deficient Trump one term president tax reform a joke!
God Bless You Sir! Hooah!
Do something to help the people who voted and won
I am so glad you are able to return to work. God hasBlessed you with a goodRecovery and may He continue to pour blessings upon you and yours
You want to kill dolphins and whales...  That's what #HR4239 is all about. I would rather have them than you.
You're back to destroy the environment?... Hey everyone, look up #HR4239 ...
You both endorsed White Evangelical Christian Alabama Chief Justice @MooreSenate as did @realDonaldTrump @VP @BreitbartNews @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Glad you're back and doing well. Elimination of medical cost deductions in the tax plan will hurt people. Consider your situation if you had to purchase your insurance & pay high deduct. What about families requiring ongoing treatment for serious issues? Have a heart.
Glad you are ok.  You know what you could do to really honor first responders?  PASS SOME REASONABLE LEGISLATION & make their jobs easier.
Try treating them like the super hero’s and allow them to love each other and don’t vote against everything they are. Near death didn’t change you- very sad. Karma has a way of teaching you lessons. You need more.
You are wrong to say that nobody saw the attack coming the attacker did & so does every mass murderer of the future who who will be able 2 buy weapons capable of massacring large numbers of people in seconds bc @GOP is beholden to @NRA instead of to past & future USA gun victims
Who’s that fat bastard behind you? He’s not saving anyone not coated in bacon grease. Def not running anyone down!
Saved at least 12 people? You a fortune teller now?
You of all people know it’s time for legislative gun control measures!!!
“In retrospect Sandy Hook marked the end of the US gun control debate. Once America decided killing children was bearable it was over.”
Glad you will be able to walk your daughter down the aisle when she gets married. Saved by a black LGBT woman who you oppose on all civil rights

"This is outrageous!"

Congressman John Larson shows his outrage & goes off on the GOP for their shady practices regarding their…
You have been given a second chance ,why don't you use it to do something worthwhile, right now your actions show otherwise ....disgraceful
And still against Gun Control.
Sweet thanks for your service Welcome back so glad for your recovery Carolbrower 
Our prayers are with you & can only hope you will get Americans Justice they deserve from the criminal activity going on in congress
... thanks to God for you because of the grace of God that was given you in Christ Jesus,”
#1Corinthians1:4 ESV
Glad you recovered. We prayed for you b/c above all else you're human. I pray that you step back and make the right decisions going foreward
https://www.washingtonpost.com/apps/g/page/national/read-the-transcript-of-the-conversation-among-gop-leaders-obtained-by-the-post/2209/ … WE KNOW YOU SOLD YOUR SOUL TO RUSSIA. Why? Is it really worth going to prison for the rest of your life?
Did quality health care make a difference? Many, many people would like the same. Believe me.
Then obstructionist democrats better get on board and try to repeal or fix the disaster known as #Obamacare #ACA not affordable
The Dems are not being invited to the table. Blame the GOP.My college daughter with type 1 diabetes turned 26..Her ACA is affordable..
It's affordable because WE are paying for it 
Maybe you should blame pharmaceuticals?We once paid $5000 w/my work health for a 90 day supply of both insulins she needs to stay alive.. 
What makes you think you are the only one that needs critical medicine??
I didn't say that .. you did.
Because you are saying its ok for us to pay more so you're daughter is covered
Glad to see you are back. Now do something about the reckless disregard for gun safety laws that fail to protect Americans from Americans.
Do something about the Radicals Gangsters Criminals that fail to protect Americans from Americans
You're back. Now what are you going to do about gun violence?
Clean up our cities and securing our borders there's a war just south of Mexico Border
good to see you sir.Thankful for your recovery!! God Bless you and yours
We are so glad you are. May God continue to bless you.
So glad you are healing.
So, has your lazy butt paid your medical bills yet you "@$&#+?&l" on your income. Not insurance.

Trump threatens our Constitution, our freedoms, and our lives. It’s time to begin impeachment proceedings. Join us. https://www.needtoimpeach.com  
Welcome back - now make your life about #Healthcare for all and #GunControlNow and #LGBT rights - because that is why you are back
Now go away again. Take your backwards politics with you.
ready to dig in and accomplish nothing. texas blood on urhands tonight or can't u see that either.

1- New Petition: To prevent genocide, grant white South Africans refugee status in the United States:
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/prevent-genocide-grant-white-south-africans-refugee-status-united-states … 
Thank God Prayers do workso glad you getting Healthy and on the road to a Great Recovery  ! Many Blessings
Remembering the victims of  #LasVegas & #SoutherlandSprings May we see bipartisanship in #GunReform soon!!!!!
do something then

We have not forgotten your hardship.  Americans pray for you daily.  I know I do.  Hope you are well and that your family is too.
GLAD ur BACK! @MariaBartiromo Pls take better look at TxPln Cutting brackets R crumbs. Don't rmve Mort Int/Ptx HURT American Dream! @GOP @VP
Thank you Lord for bringing back Steve!! Now lets stop Paul Ryan & buddies from destroying the middle class!!
you’re a cunt
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT THESE MASS SHOOTINGS INSTEAD OF BACKING THE NRA!!!!!
So glad you are back.  The country needs all the good men it can get.  God bless.
You may be back but you are not a real man, are you?
God bless and welcome back he support POTUS agenda

58 people were shot to death in Las Vegas on Oct 1. Since then, 1,195 more Americans have lost their lives to guns. http://bit.ly/2zdtunj 
