Jimmy, call this POS out
He traded on your cause when it suited him..yet when it came time to vote he betrayed his fellow americans.
You are a liar and why we all hate politics.
Invite Republicans to explain why their Tax cut that reduces # of people that have healthcare is called a healthcare bill.
So I get to pay for the lowincome uninsured ppl going to the ER under your plan getting rid of the individual mandate?
U make no sense. How's  that  help anyone? Why would insurers want to get back into the marketplace? U talk in circles.
We all lose under ur bill. I have pre-existing, not young, the individual market won't be option w/o ACA protections. But YOU WILL HAVE ACA
why do u find it necessary to have ppl like cassidy on? no matter what you ask, he failed to answer. what benefit do we get from this?
They put him on because we need to know the enemy, their words, and thru the media, expose them, thanks to folks who do tgeir job lk Sam S.
@BillCassidy  No repeal!  You made a promise to Louisiana that is now just a LIE.
Without full repeal the Monsters take over again and finish the destroying America Obama started.We go to single payer and there will be war
Double Bill, Show your solidarity. Give up your prime time Obamacare insurance. Today
Wow...that whole 'Jimmy Kimmel' test lasted about 15 minutes, huh, Mr. Cassidy? At least McConnell & Ryan are upfront with their skeeviness.
Watching you squirm this morning...let me help you. SKINNY REPEAL DOES NOT FIX ANYTHING AND IS WRONG! You are failing your state. Fix ACA!!!
Don't bankrupt families!
GOP health-care bill  - millions of Americans will be in dire financial straits,
Can it pass the Jimmy Kimmel test?  He can't answer the question! #morningjoe
Who cares ACA didn't help me they did the opposite cuz they do have death panels. Have you looked at medicare cuts I have ACA WRONG for ALL
I hope Morning Joe makes a fool out of you. You will never get any support from Louisiana voters, or the GOP again. You are History...
Proving once again, you are not a man of your word...stop promising what you have no intention of delivering.
Louisiana needs Senator's like Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski who are not afraid to stand up for their people#StrongWomenvsWeakMen
If you won't repeal , why don't you get on Obamacare along with the other sellouts
Working behind a desk-ur bill takes my insurance-across town a guy w/ Medicaid,in the heat, putting roof on my house-he loses w/ur bill too
Cassidy lies. His word means nothing.
Bill Cassidy, who insisted on “Kimmel test” for health care, isn’t voting like it http://bit.ly/2v1ToIN 
You forgot to mention that Republicans in Iowa did everything in their power to weaken Obamacare.
Liar you can't weaken it it was unfixable and has hidden processes so it can't just be undone that's why the full repeal is necessary liars
Can't wait to repeal and replace him! He is a disgraceful human being and he does not represent the good people of Louisiana!
Term Limits are necessary Every Congressman n all staffer must accept the crime you force on us NO EXCEPTIONS NO Exceptions

The exchange is failing in Iowa because they didn't accept the Medicaid expansion. Wish @samstein had the facts to counter @BillCassidy.
@SenateGOP including Sen. Cassidy want to kick over 300K from LA out of healthcare, leaving them to suffer & die. VOTE, @lagop & @LaDemos!!!
@BillCassidy opines '#Trumpcare only 4% of the #HC market'; like electricity only effects 3% of economy. PS- Forget caps effect of #HC.

Why does this guy remind me of the Drs on the boat in One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest?
waste of time w those idiots! not watching!
Sam Stein your hard hitting question was exactly what I wanted asked. Your guest was dishonest & cowardly in refusing to answer. Thanks tho!
plz, dont think we are stupid. you are encouraging guys like this to try and sway ppl away from facts. they are out to take millions off HC
Iowas's problem is becuz Rs sabotaged ACA & then say, "See it failed!" Their goal is tax cuts for wealthy. They don't care about healthcare.
Senators should be questioning health insurance companies dropping coverage while earnings, profits and excessive CEO compensation 
@Morning_Joe and @BillCassidy 
Insurer Medica covers in Iowa and said it will offer plans statewide in 2018. Cassidy is lying.
I hope y'all were listening. Status quo=failure
US hates the ind mandate
Does it hurt when you speak out of both sides of your mouth?
Killing mandate allows people to chose to buy healthcare?
But CBO predicts 20% increase in premiums.
No choice if you can't afford it
Stop lying!  You can't pass the Jimmy Kimmel test!!! Deplorable! GOP doesn't care! #morningjoe
if only the people likely to need care are in a pool and there is not individual mandate..what happens to premiums? #NONsense
Can you stop having this goddamn liar on this show to spew his garbage? CMON!!!
We're watching how you vote
Despicable! Be hinest on why insurers are dropping. Stop saying Americans dont like the mandate, its your small base that doesnt
Yes! Small base!
Bill Cassidy is saying it's better to dump gasoline on the burning platform, than stand around doing nothing?!
Don't approve "skinny", Bill.  Force the bill to include the provisions that meet the Kimmel Test!  #doyourjob
"Those who are badly off...would rather die." "If they would rather die, they had better do it, and decrease the surplus population."
That sentiment was expressed by Scrooge...
Seems to be moving toward policy here in the US
Also remember John Paul as you speak  The Louisiana Medicaid ROW keeps him alive as well as do no caps or lifetime limits.
Please ask him how he squares any of the HC bills with the promise of greater access and lower costs.
Remember Gabe, Michael, and Jessica as you speak  The Louisiana Medicaid ROW keeps Gabe alive as do no caps or lifetime limits.
Bill is worrying about getting more votes  on his next election! He is why we must and will drain the Swamp
What about the Awan brothers???
You would think the show would go out in a bang for its final broadcast
Coasts & Cities Are Toast as Pundits Present Alabama A.G. as Fine Embodiment of Trumpism #MAGA https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lBgmtDqgnxg … #Granny #GiantRabbit
Democracy - being derived from the Latin : 
Demo = meaning : White Men
  and
Cracy = meaning : Blue Suits
@BillCassidy no Repeal no re-election! CNN & Democrats aren't going to help you They hate you Quit being a RINO. You know our state is broke
You are NOT The People. U dont speak for majority of Americans who have healthcare under ACA&dont want to lose it by incompetant POTUS.
I am a constituent, are you? If not, your rebuke is #irrelevant! If you are, your rebuke is still #irrelevant! We The people want #RepealACA
Any talk about Wassermann Shultz ? No ? That's where your collusion is Her &a Hillary destroying evidence
Hon? Time to let go of the past. It's the current corrupt and lying Prez we have to worry bout now.
ok let's forget about the lawless of Obama ,Hillary,Lynch,Holder ya it's in the past let's make it up
Could we get a host who will do her job?
All these investigations r taking so long, everyone dragging their feet and spending taxpayer$$. Subpoena his taxes, accountants be done.
Joe's off again? Wow like to have that job no wonder he went from working as a lawyer to not working in Gov't & TV
#LoriKlausutis
Unfortunately 58% of the country disagrees with you.
Russia Rigged - Trump Helped - Now @realDonaldTrump is scared of exposure - #FollowTheMoney - ignore the noise
Ask him about wasting taxpayers' money with bogus Hillary investigation #coward #Trump'sBoy
STOP TRUMP
Trump isn't without it's the Dems n the lying Republicans that said oh we will fix this BS THEY PAD THEIR POCKETS WHILE AMERICANS SUFFER
Pass, thanks.
Can't watch this crap shoot....no class
