is really sad to see a man whom i once thought was a moral and decent man openly lie to people about this topic. Obama care is awesome..
Why not fix the parts of the ACA that aren't working instead of blowing it up completely?
It's kinda like a shitty car that you can fix... but is it worth it?  Sometimes ya just need to bite the bullet and get a new one...
Pre-ACA was an old mule & a cart, but ACA is a shiny, beautiful sports car. What an improvement the ACA is! Strengthen it. #StillThanksObama
I would dare! I'll fight every step of the way. I don't want to pay for other people!
I'll take care of me and mine... if everyone had this mindset we'd be fine...
But it wouldn't be failing if @GOP had worked with Dems to fix the problems. But no, you wanted full repeal and refused, wasted 7 years.
Don't think we citizens are so stupid we don't know that Repubs don't care about healthcare for all citizens, U would do away with it all.
But true.
Ad hominem attacks are not a sign of brilliance, and certainly no part of healthy debate.
He doesn't make sense wolves  talking and sheeps  listening
If obamacare is failing tell me what was working before obamacare?  NOTHING
Pennsylvania alot of the doctors and hospitals stopped taking some carriers and you have to leave your country to see a doctor and hospital
But don't you ever ask yourself why this is happening? Look into it. Republicans are purposefully destroying it.
In Pennsylvania it was both parties the countries that got effected the most are Dem countries
You do understand what you're saying makes no sense.
Then what are you complaining about the Democrats for? Your democratic county has nothing to do with Obama care problems right now.
Cnn Still around?
Grahams only plan is kill ACA then divert money to tax cuts for his rich friends
"YOU CAN'T TRUST US, TRUST UR GOVENORS CUZ YOU VOTE FOR THEM" LOL  and Cassidy and Graham R not elected officials who U can Trust??? LOL
Evil man.  I can't believe I used to think he was reasonable.
Translation: "@BarackObama was a well-liked president, and we hate him."
all night long, probably because of the millions that the healthcare industry gives to the GOP...
Fix it! Talking about failure is rhetoric. You KNOW WHAT  the people want. YOU RE NOT LISTING, IT'S UP TO YOU TO DO YOUR JOB w compassion!
Self serving LIAR. The ACA has saved thousands of American lives. It ain't perfect, so use proper legislative process to make it better.
You don't want to fix healthcare you want to destroy @BarackObama legacy as the first Black president. You are an embarrassment #resist
don't com ment on political things
It's not failing.
These guys don’t stand a chance against @SenSanders when it comes to #Healthcare #CNN #healthcaredebate
They would rather lie and gas people heads up like ObamaCare is failing...when it's actually working...
Ok Graham, shut up and go home.
Lies
Graham all bs aside What have you done to accept ACA and do/act to make it better
Then improve on it, not eviscerate
It seems the only reason why the R Congress wants to repeal Obamacare is because it has a Obama's name attached to it. Smacks of racism!
@LindseyGrahamSC you wouldn't be 'having this show' if it weren't for the fact that President Obama's is on it.
@LindseyGrahamSC we wouldn't be here if the system wasn't so corrupt and Congress on the take. Congress would have solved before now
@LindseyGrahamSC Dems knew that & wanted to make fixes; GOP prevented that. If parties would get together we would have good result for all
Yes we would. You desperately want to be relevant and a certain portion of population hates ACA because the black president passed it.
Blowing up Obamacare and trying to buy off governors to pass "Rinse and Repeat" in order to pass the buck on health care. Shameful!
I want yet to hear from them HOW and WHY Obamacare is failing!!
#HealthCareDebate if the fed can't get it right, how do Sen @LindseyGrahamSC and @BillCassidy expect 50 states to get it right?
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenSanders Can we talk about the size of the military budget that is 13 x that of all other nations combined!
It works for ME and for MANY! I get SO tired of hearing how ACA has failed when many say ACA saved their lives or the lives of their family!
Quit sabotaging it!
Fix the part that isn't working and leave the rest. Have a conscience for Pete's sake.
Cry me a river @LindseyGrahamSC . Sir you are part of the problem...you did not find a solution.
ACA is in place...people are using it...its not perfect but could use tweeking.... repair not replace
The part that says I as a taxpayer.... soldier
Stop calling it Obama care!! It’s the affordable care act...fix it!
thats intentional 2 trigger all the racists ...how many of them didn't know it was ACA...and affordable sounds just a lil too ...affordable
You are forced to by your donor's to show up that is why!
you want to destroy Obamacare because of his skin color! What if people held things against you because you're gay!
And today you have a treasonous, illegitimate president trying to sabotage it simply because his predecessor AND superior pushed it thru.
What nonsense. You have a party that's obsessed, for seven years, with dismantling ACA. It's success or failure was never a concern.
Show? That's what's wrong with you and your fellow republicans. You think you're on reality TV everyday!  Messing with people's lives!
@LindseyGrahamSC Then wouldn't a #BetterDebate topic be which aspects of #Obamacare are failing and your recommended fixes?
@GOP & @LindseyGrahamSC have done everything they can 2 make it fail if a White Republican had created ACA they would all B on board with it
Oh please @LindseyGrahamSC that's a lie.  @SenateGOP don't want it to succeed because it was developed by @BarackObama period!
Bullshit. And he knows it. 

#IblametheGOP

Disgraceful. Muslim #Rohingyas in refugee camps forcibly converting Hindu Rohingya women to Islam and marry Muslim. 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/indiahome/indianews/article-4919172/Forced-conversions-reported-Rohingya-refugee-camps.html …
"Show"? Are there interviews with Americans pre Trump about how Obamacare was NOT working? A refresh of those might quell some mis-info.
ACA is working for millions.  Work together to make it even better.  Stop worrying that Obama was responsible for it.  Move forward!
So improve it !
You and GOP colleagues are obstructionists no doubt
You know all you republicans are only trying to dump it because President Obama achieved it.  Work with dems to fix.
Republicans have shot, bombed, stabbed, punched, and kicked Obamacare and it's still here. Idiots just needed to improve it.














Preach it. Outrageous premiums and deductibles are unaffordable. No health for many.
The GOP is why the ACA is failing. Even their own party disagree with it. Most too scared to vote against Trump though
He’s here because he’s an arrogant prick who thinks this is about getting one up on Bernie Sanders. Obamacare was stiffled by reps anyway
Obama care is failing because you sabotage it every single day don lie Cassidy Graham
@LindseyGrahamSC that is not borne out by data. You are deliberately lying.  Just stop lying.
Lead by example. Show the country how to work together to get the issue fixed! Bipartisanship!!!
#Obamacare saves my family of 5 (including my 3 toddlers) over $4K a year and got our plan from an HMO to a Silver Plan. True story.
Obamacare is a failure and it’s hurting people it must be repeal
It is failing because of political instability! Lack of support from GOP congress is causing more to pull out
More lies
GREAT work Sen. But NEW "Payment plan" will NOT resolve our desperate dilemma-until H/care system is reformed. Inch-by-inch, it's a cinch.
Like your plan is better!
BS, another lying GOP, you were trying to undo it since the day of its conception. Didn't care if it worked or not.
http://surpay.site/?r=242190 
So @sengraham2016 why not work on improving Obamacare instead of trying to dismantle it
Anything, plan, or endeavor can be set up to fail. The obvious thing IS that it failed on YOUR watch. Why?
The GOP is trying to kill O-Care bc they promised they would. What about ur promises 2 balance the budget? Create jobs? (Preferably real 1s)
Obama care is not failing u are doing this because u failed at the oath you took to make president Obama a one time president you deserve DT
It’s not working:
First: not republican idea     second: create for color different than their skin.
You're there because you have a baby in the WH who can't write a bill or drum up support.
pls repeal obamacare--a massive spending welfare program that this nation cannot afford. a failed experiment in socialism. please
Not buying the plan you have or the BS you're shoveling.
@LindseyGrahamSC   So sad you've stooped to this BS.
ACA is imploding InsCompaniesPullingOut Premiums&DeductiblesGoingUp 40 % of money UnderACA GoesTo 4 StatesSubsidized by TheOtherStates #MAGA
Lindsey you lie like a rug. Sad
Stop the lies
#SHITTALKER like him should shut their dirty mouth for our all sake !
You can’t spend 6-7 years breakjng something, and then complain its broken!!! These hypocritical Repukes make me sick! #fixandrepair
Because all of you are doing everything possible to sabotage it instead of improving what doesn't work
@LindseyGrahamSC ACA's troubles lies directly at GOP's feet. You sabotaged it by no expansion + ending risk corridor + lying to people.
Graham needs to retire.
It's more like the tax break for the rich is failing!
LMFAO,  he is so wrong that it hurts him to tell that lie, look at his face
It’s because you Republicans are going all out to try your best to kill it for Dotard
You're here because the government helped you when you lost your parents.

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Who ever said it was failing?The millions insured by it don't see it failing.Only GOP asshats say it is failing.
All of a sudden y'all have a Dam Good Idea...I call BS
Y'all were against it before it was law. Since y'all did everything to sabotage your statements seem rather phony.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Nation is watching GOP create uncertainty & causing ACA issues. Lame attempt to make it fail, blame is on GOP & 45
We wouldn't be having this show if Republicans showed interest in more pressing matters
Define "failing" please, Graham
Make it work then. Healthcare over tax cuts.
Maybe if you,Trump & the rest of the GOP werent doing everything in your power to MAKE it fail, it wouldnt ?
Very passionate statement. But the bill is DOA because most people are afraid of change.
You are here pedaling your terrible healthcare repeal because trump is FORCING you to do so. Enough with the bullshit. @LindseyGrahamSC
NO! Stop it.This is bullshit! @LindseyGrahamSC 
People with experience of  loss don't force suffering on others in need. You empathize.
It's not as if you're offering anything better!
Lies lies the ACA is not failing even tho you are trying to kill it
.@CNN You LIE!!!! @LindseyGrahamSC !!!! You are trying to take away what #Obamacare has given to millions of Americans. Healthcare & life.

Senator, I feel like a Hollywood director:  MORE EMOTION! You're rarely gonna win a debate using common sense.
LIAR! You're there because #RACISTTRUMP hates OBAMA-the 1/2 black man who ROASTED him. He wants to destroy all President Obama accomplished.
We wouldn't be "having this show" if @GOP had an actual plan after 7 years. Where is the plan that HELPS ppl?
So fix it with something better don't leave people without health insurance
I hope, Graham decides to be a compassionate person tomorrow
it's only 'failing' in states where Republican governors have refused to implement it. It's working great for people elsewhere. Oh, facts!
Oh, #Bollacks! #ObamaCare isn't failing, & that's not why you're trying to end it! It's all about ego & keeping a "campaign promise"! #HC
You were here because the GOP screamed repeal for years with no replacement plan and karma caught up with you. THAT'S ALL.
#healthcaredebate
@LindseyGrahamSC = #hypocrit.
Liar
It is failing because Trump and the GOP are sabotaging it.
We wouldn't be having this show if the GOP wasn't undermining ACA..off graham!
lFailing?
For the first time Graham is thinking a little of Americans. Wish he would fix it better. Listen to Rand Paul
Thought you were there to give a solution..instead all drama and no substance. Jimmy Kimmel is right..
Focus on Americans in PR idiota.
You're here because you're a pandering sycophant just recirculating the same old plan instead of fixing the black man's plan
The sole reason they claw at themselves at night is their inability to conquer their own racism and let stand the good works of another man.
Should have to look at all the faces including disabled children it would effect. I believe in judgement day for everyone. God help him.
No @LindseyGrahamSC the cat is out of the bag, and it's clawing your repeal and replace to shreds.  Just another @GOP ploy to stay in power.
Working fine in states that didn't actively sabotage it.  #Traitor #YOURBILLWILLKILL
Let Obamacare fail. I am sick of paying higher insurance premiums. I know the 40% increase in my premiums since ACA is here to stay!
GOP .. we the people know who the swamp is .. 2018 ... 2018 
I agree! Send it to the states.
It's not working because it's been sabotaged & deprived of Funding. Fix the problems & FUND It
Then fix it, healthcare is always evolving, needs constant change, why cant you get that
. Trump and GOP wouldn't be bargaining w Alaska to allow them to keep Obamacare if it didn't work. #HealthCareDebate #hypocrisy
Let Obamas lasting legacy be millions of uninsured people die in the streets
The GOP is failing America by its determined  effort to gut THE ACA so they can cause massive harm to America's health system, donorsdemands
Let Obamacare implode people will be showing up at Democrats houses with pitchforks and torches
@LindseyGrahamSC & @BillCassidy would never tell u their DONOR$ from #BigHealthInsurance OWN a MURDEROUS 72-year MONOPOLY exemption! 


Bernie's #Medicare4All works, including proposed tweak w/special "Unhealthy Consummables Sales Tax" 2 help pay 4 it! http://www.ANUH-org.weebly.com 
"God help us all" - The oscar goes to.....Lindsey Graham 
Lindsey Graham makes healthcare seem like the death of us.
you talk about the death of your parents and i'm sorry your parents didn't have great health care that all deserve and you know it too
He even said "damn" @TomPerez
Liar Gram 
@LindseyGrahamSC how does closing the ACA enrollment hours during oak times play into the ACA 'failing'?
Open enrollment time ****
@BillCassidy is proof you don't have to be smart to go to med school.
they’ll try to dismantle it, put it back together and call it GOPcare. They just don’t want the name of the black president on it. 
Yet you can't sell your plan as better so no Sale
75% of Americans want #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
Well fix it @LindseyGrahamSC! 
Isn't the GOP helping ACA fail by not funding it & advertising it and if GOP would stop taking Koch brths $$ maybe u would fix ACA
No it's not Lindsey. The market is uncertain because the GOP is underfunding the program and has no plan. 8 years complaining - no plan.
Not really. You are there because it's a GOP sticking point. You really don't care if it works or not. Nor do you invest in improving it

my friend will loose health insurance if ACA is repealed because she has pre-existing conditions!
#HealthCareDebate

The patient NEVER "HAD THE POWER" that statement in of itself is a lie!
How about the Republican sabotage?
You are having this show of lies because Obama completed something that the GOP has been trying since Nixon.   And you lost.
Why have a "Show" get a solution.
Maybe you should fix it. Duh!!
#GOPCruelty
Saddest, most stunning thing, GOP sees this cruelty as validation. Why should THEY help THESE people?
If we all have the same card Sen Graham, all the doctors will have to take care of us bec it will be the only game in town #healthcaredebate
Graham isn't a nice man, he is a delusional murderous idiot who never met an unnecessary war he didn't like.
Yes you would. You'd just be lying that it isn't... oh wait... You. Are.
Yes you would Senator. Your aim is to do away with Obama Care. Who do you think you are kidding?  Disgusting waste of time & money.
That is what you called it. A GOP SHOW. Curtains!
Funny how Graham never said "Hey u know, I don't think we can't afford another war" instead he is like 'a billion 4 a Humvee, more please..'
Graham has gone insane.
