repealing without offering the American people an understanding of what you're replacing with is unacceptable.
HSA's won't help people living from paycheck to paycheck. Removing pre-existing protections will kill people.
Sure, To a man that said Obama was not a us citizen."Come on man" He can't give up his taxes he lies too much for me.
replace now with what???
Tell us again, what will you #ReplaceNow with? I have heard zero plan from GOP.
Otherwise you are playing games with the lives of innocent people and children. It amounts to mass murder.
@cgdeaton I'll say this slowly, so you can follow along:

You.
Have.
No.
Plan.

Liar!
we have seen no sign of this replacement. Millions of Americans are terrified of losing their healthcare.
What's the plan to replace? There is no plan! May I recommend @SenSanders Medicare for All single payer plan? The @GOP is SICK!
What will you do to ensure that citizens relying on ACA will continue to receive coverage? Will you hold Senate responsible?
While not perfect, it is much better than nothing, and people who are sick NOW will die without coverage.
Surely you can see how irrational it would  be to rush into repealing the ACA. So many people in LA depend in it.
you mean kill all those with a pre-existing condition.
What is the replacement plan?
Replace with what you child murdering coward.
Where is this plan? It seems as if you have nothing to offer those with ACA coverage. This will end bad if you do not!
@Marytodd Read
@BillCassidy @PeteSessions plan for partial Obamacare repeal & bridge to freemarket
https://www.google.com/amp/healthaffairs.org/blog/2016/06/01/the-sessions-cassidy-bill-an-aca-alternative-spelled-out-in-legislative-language/amp/?client=safari …
Thanks for sending
Please don't repeal ACA. Avg. premium growth rate is 40% lower than Avg. growth rate over preceding decade. -Kaiser Foundation

As a Louisiana resident, I am appalled at your vote last night against the ACA. You have no plan to replace. Just be honest.
I am also a constituent with many contacts in the special needs community.  They will hear our roar midterms.
my family member mentally ill. No food stamps, no disability, no housing from US govt. Just need Obama care
As a constituent, I believe LA has a right to expect its elected reps to vote for its people over party!
What is the #replacenow plan? I'm on board if it can help Americans that need affordable coverage. Please outline the proposal.
what's your plan?
Please wait for viable plan. Please keep #PreExistingConditions and #Nolifetimelimits #preventivcare #chip parts
Simple question where and what is the replacement since you've started to repeal you should be ready to offer the replacement
You have to repeal it because it's Pres Obama's.Get over your ego, simply make it better. You're scaring the hell out of people
since when do these politicians care about people outside their circle?
I think we should repeal their hospitalization coverage that we pay for.
You are a Doctor so do no harm Senator. #ProtectOurCare
LA is not a rich state with many poor and seniors. Teump does not have a mandate. We do not want repealof the ACA.
You're obviously lying, Cassidy.  Let me guess ... you're a Republican and a Trump supporter. #Obamacareworks
so why not just fix? N/m, I know why ... #yourefoolingnoone
No repeal without replacement. We need a bipartisan solution that improves care.
enjoy your seat now because if you all mess with ACA anyone who voted to Repeal and Replace will be voted out next election.
WHAT IS YOUR REPLACEMENT PLAN?
Bill can you tell the ppl of Louisiana the replacement plan, I haven't heard it yet, all I hear is Bullshit!
Then, pony up the plan. We're waiting...
Wow. They've got your number.
Stop lying to your constituents.
So naturally you're waiting until a workable replacement is ready to go, right?
You lie!
what is the replacement? HSAs won't cut it.
Too bad you have no idea how to do that.
We have priv ins but we rely on a few of the pieces of the ACA binding them to cover our sick kid and keep our family afloat.
Repealing the law without full disclosure to the public about what would be cut is dishonest.  People don't know that Obamacare = ACA
Tha ACA did not require new doctors.. the insurance companies backed out of bad policies, so new ones with new doctors.
Congratulations on the stupidest tweet of the day...this even beats Trump.
What is wrong with you people did someone cut out your heart Put a cube of dollars in its place
Where is the REPLACEMENT? #ACA works!
TRYING TO WRAP MY MIND on how will those on dialysis or chemo diabetics epilepsy survive roof or drugs or die
There is no replacement. You want support? Reveal it.
Don't repeal ACA without showing us how you'll do it better. Don't #MakeAmericaSickAgain.  Uninsured down by 33% in LA. 269K!!!
Why not simply amend?
repealing the Affordable Care Act without having a viable replacement seems rather shortsighted.
where is the replacement?  Show us what you plan to replace ACA with B 4 you repeal.  That's just common sense
#ReplaceNow with what? How about getting rid of your own until we get ours? #UnInsureCongress
why do you support post-birth abortion?
Lying sacks of shit - all of them. Look forward - 2018.
Just remember you will be voted out next time u are for reelection! @weeklystandard
NOT PROUD of having voted for you. Just another GOP with NO PLAN. You will have blood on your hands.
Except you have no plans that would work to replace it!!!!!!! #SaveACA
BUT WHAT IS YOUR PLAN?!?!!
Reps used Obamacare as a pejorative but since it was well received they want to repeal and replace with Trumpcare. Narcissists
How, after all this time of crying about the ACA, can you have no plan? Legislative Malpractice!
You lie. Over 500,000 ppl from Louisiana will lose their health coverage.
#ACASignups UPDATE: How many did GOP just vote to strip away healthcare coverage from in YOUR state? http://ow.ly/XEOu307VVCX  #ACA #Obamacare 
allow me to laugh at this ridiculous claim, and then cry for the people who will die when they lose healthcare
Missing the replace part.
SHOW US THE PLAN TO REPLACE! so tired of being lied to!!!!!
You have had years to create an alternative plan. Show the public. You meant helping ppl with millions of $$$.
So, we all get health savings accounts? I better start saving now. My last cholesterol test billed at almost $200. One. Test.
- but where is your plan????
and where is the "replace" part? Ready to go??
no worries if I get sick I will file bankruptcy...hell our idiot president elect has done it so many times
It's been 8 years, why don't you have a plan ready to implement? Why not tell the truth, you will never replace it.
Millions are already being helped already. Do you honestly think you can improve upon that?
Billy what's the plan?? You already voted repeal!! #shameful puppet to #presidentoftweets
Why were so many years spent by GOP wanting to end ACA, instead of improving it? It is a complex system, why only help now?
you already voted for repeal & you have no plan to replace - you are lying to millions - shameful act.
Bill I live in Louisiana, have 3 biz here every biz owner says sales WAY down, Rep/Russia agenda insanity, stand up & fight T
What will you be replacing the #ACA with sir. Pray tell. @weeklystandard
the way to help millions is to  improve the ACA.......not repeal it.
Put your body where your mouth is. Cover congress under whatever your new plan is.
Liar!
Replace it with what? DEATH? U guys had 8yrs to come up with a super plan and you didn't. Just terrible
Damn it. Show some fortitude. Don't vote for the party choice. Vote for what's best for LA citizens.
Medicare/caid & Social Security had their flaws 1st few yrs & Congress fixed. Just fix ACA. No 1 gets hurt.
You do not need 2 repeal & then someday later replace. Share w the American people what will replace the ACA. Be honest.
that is a big "if". Lives really hang in the balance.
Replace with what? The American people would like bullet points of this "replacement plan" BEFORE gutting #ACA.
so how is that going to workout when you just sent millions of Americans to their death #SaveACA
"... no one will lose their coverage" is going to be your "heckuva job Brownie" line you'll live to regret.
replace it with what? You guys have had 7 years to come up with just one alternate plan. You haven't tried cuz you don't care.
You did NOT vote to REPLACE. Your vote last night took away MY #PreExisting condition protection after promising you wouldn't.
These Republicans are all liars, their all about catering to the rich
You and the others are killing Americans.  Proud of that?
You have had 7 years to put together a replacement and have DONE NOTHING!! Lazy, murdering GOP
You won't replace it.  You will do nothing.
You have no plan to replace. You just hate that a black man provided a preliminary idea.
And the grand irony is that the repeal will hurt your constituents.
Who also don't care, because they've been convinced that white is right,  even if ur poor af.
Or maybe don't repeal it and instead work to fix what's already there?
If you repeal without comparable replacement, people will suffer, and you will own the consequences.
Why Repeal it at all?? Strengthen instead OR replace with Medicare for all.
With what 6 years and no plan and suddenly overnight they have one #lies #acaworks
this coming from an asshole that has the best health care in the world trying to take away from the less fortunate
@cgdeaton you are repealing children's healthcare as we speak
murderer in waiting
Yes, we will. It's not a Lego piece where you're just exchanging a color. You have no idea what you're doing. Keep the ACA.
Except you have no plan. A better plan would be to fix the parts of the #ACA that are troubled. Not efficient to start again.
You have no plan. What is wrong with you?
Read
@BillCassidy @PeteSessions plan for partial Obamacare repeal and bridge to freemarket
https://www.google.com/amp/healthaffairs.org/blog/2016/06/01/the-sessions-cassidy-bill-an-aca-alternative-spelled-out-in-legislative-language/amp/?client=safari …
Hope the new plan applies to senators etc too. If it's good enough for us...
As one of your constituents, I urge you to plan the replacement before you repeal the ACA.
Will my 22 yr. old son be dropped from my plan??!!
Where is the replacement?  I want to see it.
You and all Rep will create chaos for 30 mil ppl losing their insurance. And many more mil impacted even when ins via employer.
Apparently no one else's life matters as long as yours is OK. Screw you.
Replace w/ What? A Voucher System that rewards the top 1%? Just Fix the Problems w/ the #ACA Simple!!
But you don't have a plan. And you probably haven't really thought about how many people you're hurting over your need to win.
please do not repeal without replacing. Millions, like my daughter, have pre-existing conditions. A repeal risks lives.
lol... No one may lose coverage but many won't be able to afford it.
Replace. Now. With. WHAT, precisely? What is available NOW that you can pass?
.@BillCassidy Health care is a life & death matter. Show courage & keep slowing things down. Get it right, make sure you #ProtectOurCare
have you considered not everyone can save for a HSA? The most vulnerable will suffer
will you protect mental health benefits, pre-existing illness coverage, no lifetime max...
you could also help millions of American by strengthening the ACA instead of repealing it.
@EllenDatlow @BillCassidy apparently that's too reasonable and radical an idea...
but you started the vote to repeal with nothing ready to replace...your plan has not been put forward by your Party
is in favor of preventable death of thousands of Americans.
#ACA #acaworks #ACARepealDebate #MakeAmericaSickAgain #killerGOP
I am currently covered by Obamacare.  Will I face a lapse in insurance coverage?
@realDonaldTrump understands they are together for those affected He is making sure @GOP grows a spine and solves the issue.
