Whi cares? Who are they even? What about the AMA, AARP, insurers, oh, and the CBO, remember them? What are they saying?
GOP is an extremist party now and doesn't care about @AARP or anyone else.
Oh, I know that. Gotta resist, though.
No worries there. I'm a nasty woman and won't be silenced!
How does this take control of healthcare away from government? Answer, it doesn't.
This is merely a repeal and not repeal and replace or even a tweak. This is nonsense, sir; you are an embarrassment to my former home state.
I've released a letter in response to this, allow me to summarize:
"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU"
Let me guess: because you support this bill, you are going to vote against it, right? That seems to be how you operate.
Oh, okay...at least we now know the sheep's clothing is off and we have an extremist for a Senator (2 actually)
Shame on you. It is shocking that you joined with McCain who hates Pres Trumpshane on you
Plz do not pass skinny repeal tonite-then can work on amendment you spoke of-so many will hurt if it passes-keep conscience close to Heart
They think you're from Alabama. Not a good look.
That's choice...of all places...ha ha ha ha hahahaha
Just vote no!  Geez!  Stop being a coward!
Is he a coward or a fraud?  That's the question.
The FRC is NOT about family or research. They're about hate.
Your constituents WILL NOT tolerate  lies. Enjoy the rest of your term.
Your vote last night demonstrated you are not an honorable man. This "support" for amendment, like the amend itself, is full of distortions.
You disappoint me and my family. And you're definitely not representing us.
Please explain how it's 'defending life' when a family has to let their child with a congenital heart defect die bc they can't afford it.
Is this a tea party organization?
That you are "proud" of the so-called "Family Research Council," bigots and prostitutes tells us what we need to know about you.
With all due respect @BillCassidy #RepealObamacare as you campaigned. Not bits & pieces; "root and branch!" #mitchmcconell
They didn't even get your state correct, lol
Dude these endorsement you are touting suck balls. The entire medical profession is united against your terrible repeal efforts.
retire
And once more men are deciding healthcare options for women. You're a disgrace and an incredible disappointment.
whatever
Wow!  An anti-gay hate group?  Good job, Bill.  What an a-hole!
Are you proud to vote for 16 million uninsured Americans? What about the children? The babies? You aren't pro-life. #FirstDoNoHarm
Tony Perkins is a completely crazy and dishonest person. WTF are you thinking? Remember: First, do no harm. You have amends to make, Bill.
Louisiana will suffer. Should we thank you???
You and your friends are pathetic, @BillCassidy
Founding fathers are rolling in their graves. What has our govt become, trying to pass bills in the middle of the night. Cowards.
Cowards operating in the night. Show yourselves to the ppl. This bill harms millions. Why such hatred for Obama?
AAP, AMA, AARP, BCBS, 10 bipartisan governors all oppose this bill.
Seriously !?! You are proud of the support of this hate group that does nothing but spew extremist ideology ? You are such a disappointment

FRC's LA history goes back to Tony Perkins,Woody Jenkins and David Duke. FRC promotes hate & misinformation about abortion and LBGT.
Celebrating a FRC endorsement is shameful at best. Or Worse it's self-identifying as Alt-Right, Anti-LBGT Rights & simply ignorant.
#fraud
Senator, this is nothing to be proud of. Our state will suffer. I am truly ashamed that you chose to harm your constituents.
Suck up to a lobby.
Remember this?
Literally the only group supporting any of these disaster bills. BLOCK GRANTING WILL HARM LOUISIANA, SENATOR. HOW DO YOU NOT GET THIS??
Why do you have your phones off the hook? Why do you keep Obamacare for your self? #coward
They probably haven't even seen it, Lord knows we haven't seen it. This ain't a blind taste test, it's people's lives!
Because we all need to listen to hate groups over medical professionals. You should be stripped of your medical license. You are desperate
Not a medical association.
But EVERY MEDICAL GROUP IS AGAINST IT
U were sent to Senate as republican & to repeal Obamacare....not there for yourself but La. residences. Do your job & repeal or move aside!
Do you even read the responses from your constituents here and on fb?  you keep voting in opposition of how we are telling you to vote.
email @SenJohnKennedy and he'll tell you how he's more qualified that us to make these decisions...at least i have sense to vote against him
Ignorance has a cure! It's not too late.
you can't "violate" your "conscious".  i hope this is a joke because being supported by FRC is not something i would tell people.
Your hatred of Americans is disgusting.
Bill, you finally found support from the reprehensible FRC a well known extremist hate group(Southern Poverty Law Center)#howlowcanyougo
Shame on you!!!
How about AMA, March of Dimes, ANA, NASW, American Cancer Society, AHA, American Healthcare Assoc, AARP, Natl Disability Rights Network, NPA
We are so disappointed in you.
Great! Support from a hate group. Way to go Bill.
You should be ashamed of yourself for the way you lied to your constituents these past few months. So many people will suffer because of you
What the hell is wrong with GOP Senators? This "healthcare" process is a total sham. Despicable.
Let's stick Bill Cassidy on Trumpcare!!!
How big will MILLIONAIRE @BillCassidy's TAX CUT be when he STEALS healthcare from 410,000 Louisianans, then blames someone else?

#COWARD
What has Cassiday said about Russia & GOP colluding to steal our democracy? I'm looking through his twitter feed and don't see any outrage.
Cassidy promised it would pass the Kimmel test.  This passes neither Kimmel or smell test.  Stand up for your promises!

Oh no, that's disgusting.
You are pretending to have moral high ground while voting on a bill that will hurt millions.  Disgusting, Senator.
Vote ACA out!  Hurt millions my azz!  Pass a health care plan or I will vote you OUT
Not all your constituents play Game-of-Gods. Some of us aren't interested. Stop trying to make us play. Pay attention to secular matters!
Cowardly @BillCassidy plans to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS to give MASSIVE TAX CUTS to the RICH (then blame someone else)!!!

#COWARD
But many other larger organizations as well as people if La who voted for your sorry ads is against it. Cassidy/Kennedy traitors of La.
Get bent.
Which is not going to pass. You know it. The House might pass #SkinnyRepeal. Yet you're still a "yes."
And, they think you represent Alabama.  Maybe that would explain why you're ignoring us @IndivisibleNO
Oh please Alabama take his sorry ass.
All meaningless posturing, because you refuse to withhold your vote if the amendment is rejected.
NO.
