Blue Cross Blue Shield says the #GrahamCassidyBill sucks.
But what do they know, right Tim? 

BCBS is only a huge health insurance company with data analytics teams analyzing the impact of the bill.
I mean, it's not like the American Medical Association and a ton of other medical associations have come out against the bill. 

Oh wait...
I have WAY more confidence in my governor & state legislators than the federal government
Who the hell do you think makes up the Federal Government?
You're my 2nd favorite senator but I must disagree. What will CA do with that? They will enact single payer. I'll wish for the good old ACA
The Feds shouldnt regulate your care, nor How states manage care. Glad to see Tim on board.  Please go talk to rand. We need step by step.
NO ONE should regulate my care except my Dr. Period.
This will enable citizens to vote on options for care via tax referendum.  No ones voting for a 50% increase in Cali. Not gona happen.
Bet me.  They want it BAD. And, we have a legislature with a Dem supermajority. They will take away our prop 13 prop tax protections to fund
Sen Scott is right to support empowering states to solve this problem. We The People must take it from there. #GrahamCassidyBill
Arguing is going to get us nowhere.  We should have had the full repeal we were all promised. WE could have taken it from there.
Im not arguing, Im advocating...haha..we have to move forward realistically.
Why can't someone tell us what the proposed bill does specifically rather than in general? Is it AFCA pushed down to States? Not what u sold
Oh no, you suck again!
@SenatorTimScott are you reading comments on yr statement? Your constituents say no on GC. Let's work together & fix ACA in open process.
Keep calling his office! His vote should represent the people of SC, not the political interest of the GOP.
If states were doing such a great job would not of needed the ACA to begin with.
Truth!
Repeal, period. We don't need a replacement from the govt either. Put health care back in the hands of the people.
Does this statement below mean anything to you?  Fix ACA.  Talk with Sens.Alexander and Murray who had plan to stabilize insurance costs.
What are you doing to prevent ACA from failing? Nothing!! Potus has cut funds to navigator groups that would assist people in enrolling 1/2
Thank you for supporting this bill from all of us in Anderson
I agree ,,, jimfine , Owasso
I guess you will next sign off on racist attacks as promoting “Free Speech”, but kneeling in protest at a sporting event as a “travesty”.
They know they can count on you to support anything because you want to be a part so bad you'll do anything
Senate GOPshould listen and return to the bipartisan process that was already underway in the HELP Committee. Even Grassley knows GC is BS
LEARN HOW TO THINK FOR YOURSELF NOT IN LOCK STEP WITH YOUR EVIL REPUBLICAN BRETHEREN! GET A CLUE!!
The states cannot handle this and you know it. Stand up for Americans who entrust you to make good decisions for all of us.  Make ACA better
Vote no, vote no, vote no on Graham Cassidy bill
You are a rubber stamp Republican.sad!
When will you wake up and see that no matter how hard you try how many dumb bills you support they will never accept you stop selling out
Thank goodness Senator McCain does not agree with you and is brave enough to vote against it.
Palmetto Group cut 54%.  More SC citizens will lose health care as a result.  Where is your concern for those citizen? 2/2
Congressional Budget Office says new GOP bill repealing Obama health law would reduce insurance coverage for 'millions'
I say again.... Every time I see a post or hear nickname Obamacare from a politician tells me it's bad due President Obama did it.
Which health conditions is Oregon dealing with that South Carolina is not? Just curious...
Get behind our president republicans. If you do not, you will not get to keep that job you want. Now I see why Trump was elected. Corruption
Repeal DO NOT REPLACE #Obambcare.  Keep your promise.  This is Not repeal...  STATES' RIGHTS not to be controlled by DC
How would this bill help people of SC? Especially our older population and young families?
Credit cards, title loans, & misuse of ER services have become the health insurance plans of many SCers denied options. Or illness & death.
Why support a terrible bill solely bc the one thing you like is states getting $? Why not do that AND have Fed standards for ins companies?
I respectfully disagree w/you.This needs more consideration & input fr both parties & health professionals. Work on taxes, but work w/Dems.
This is a bad bill. I work in insurance. The states will screw this up without some federal minimums. SC can't even agree to pave roads.
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @tedcruz @RandPaul RE: Graham-Cassidy NO DEAL IS BETTER THAN A BAD DEAL. NO PLAN IS BETTER THAN THIS. #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump If YOU allow the criminal #Congress-Big Healthcare Insur. Cos. Cartel to continue; YOU become COMPLICIT. #FullRepeal
RT @realDonaldTrump The new White-Collar criminals of this era are the CEOs of the big Healthcare Insurance & Pharma. Cos. Lying CEOs. #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @tedcruz @RandPaul Graham-Cassidy is & will be a colossal FAILURE just like #Obamacare . #USA #FullRepeal .
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence You made a promise that you wouldn't sell out #WeThePeople. Graham-Cassidy isn't Truth, Substance or Quality
RT @realDonaldTrump Graham-Cassidy is NOT #FullRepeal or REPEAL at all. It's #ACA & #Congress selling us out to the Big Healthcare Insur Cos
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @BillCassidy & @SecPriceMD, like all Doctors, are selling us out to the Big Healthcare Insur Cos #Fraud #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence #WeThePeople will not surrender our nation to the cancer that is #Congress & The Big Healthcare Insur. Cos.
Example of State of SC's incompetence in healthcare management is SCDHHS MMIS, Medicaid Replacement System--years & dollars down the drain.
tooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
How much money did they pay you to sell out our state and your dignity to support graham-cassidy?How do you sleep at night?Health's a right
@JimmyKimmelLive Here's another reason the Graham Cassidy will be better for the people.
SenatorScott, your decision to support this travesty of a health bill negatively impacts poor and minority folk. People over partisanship!!
Senator Scott, it's no accident that Trump called you Tom. The double entendre was disrespect and denying your existence. No to trumpcare
Shame on you Senator Scott for ramming through a horrible bill. Like civil rights which needs Federal protection, so goes health.
And fix the rest in a real meaningful way that doesn't leave people without healthcare or paying through the nose.
This bill is literally the worst version ever. If y'all really cared you would spend the time to save the parts of Obamacare that wk & fix t
Have you consigned the original S. 1358 Primary Care Enhancement Act?
Dictating health care policy from federal or state doesn't make sense. Repeal O-care and let us decide what is right.
You will be part of millions of Americans losing insurance. Please reconsider this.
STILL waiting to hear from those Americans cheering for repeal of #Obamacare. So far, all I hear is “save our healthcare.” Delusional much?
@SenatorTimScott, imagine if YOU and YOUR family depended on Cassidy-Graham healthcare. You don't. Why isn't that in your statement? #resist
It is not a guaranteed coverage for pre-existing conditions - each state can decide how or if they cover - could be disastrous for many!

Pre Existing conditions
This is not a solution and you know it. You're a better leader than this.
You're a rubber stamp for your Party... I will make sure u lose your job if you allow this unscored plan to be rammed down our throats!
I voted for you twice. For once, just once I'd like to see you display an act of courage.
You vote for this.. I will never vote for you!  SHAME ON YOU!

Appears that Senator Tim Scott did not read the Graham Cassidy bill either. SO disappointed.
Sorry senator but OUR state is wrought with elected ethics violators, We cannot trust them to do the right thing concerning our health!
Look at SC DHHS Medicaid Replacement System. Project going on for years. Behind schedule. Restarts. Time and resources-tax$-down the drain!
If it's so great,  Congress should dump their insurance and use this plan. Won't hold my breath. We were college friends. I don't know you!
Sad! Going along to get along. Senator, please look at stats and damage done by SC's failure to expand Medicaid or insure working poor.
Cassidy, Graham, Heller and Johnson 

WILL KILL FOR KOCH CASH
But please tell us that there was an Obamacare repeal clause.
What a bunch of lies. Guess that is the only way to get elected in S Carolina. Your educational level of your constituents is lacking
SO MANY LIES, but that's what Republicans do!
liars
Utter and complete nonsense
I don't need to federal government or my state to make my medical "choices" for me.
No, instead you want a for-profit stock company making them for you.
@senatortimscott--You drank the kool-aid. You can do better. Represent your constituents NOT your party.
U r strange, @SenatorTimeScott.  Have u looked at the #GrahamCasiddy bill? Also, have u listen to your constituents?  

@indivisible_sc
1/With all due respect Senator, Washington has dictated Medicare for every American over 65 since 1966, and it's working out just fine...
2/going into its 52nd year. Your blanket statement parroting the guys leading you around by the nose is just nonsense. The real problem -...
3/controlling costs- will never be addressed until "Washington" (YOU) has enough leverage to tell providers what they are going to accept...
4/...It all works quite nicely in dozens of other countries where their citizens live longer than we do. Do a bit more homework, will you ?
This is all about Koch money. We'll remember.
The States will fail to deliver effective health care through poor design and bureaucratic incompetence led by mean Republicans
LIAR.
That is nothing but lies! How can you support this??
Uninformed as usual. Y'all could give a rats ass about your constituents; you care more about party
Senator, please don't let a September 30 deadline cause you to make a decision that will sorely affect your constituency. We will remember.
@LindseyGrahamSC your expertise pales in comparison to Blue Cross and the Insurance Industry of America. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Obama care surly failed me when I needed it the most.
Honestly curios...how?
Wow! I was going to say what a bad decision this is, but looks like everyone else is already doing that for me... Get smart!

So 32 million losing healtcare is the GOP solution?  http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/blog/2017/sep/potential-effects-of-graham-cassidy …
It's not about states deciding the real issue is funding and by supporting this you say cut funding for the most vulnerable. SMH vote no
Can't wait to see you out of office in 2018, my family and child with a pre-existing condition can't wait for you to leave office!! 2018bye
Here's a tip: take the expansion, support the exchanges, get more people enrolled, negotiate drug prices&let 55+buy into medicare. #fixed
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR.....one day your grandkids will turn away from you in shame..history will informed you put party before the people
Another lying sack of shit chimes in.
This is bullshit and you know it.
But why the big cut in funds?
Well said Tim
Love Tim Scott 
Well thank you @Sus_Lang
Maybe South Carolina should not have rejected the Medicaid expansion. You all are idiots!!
We'll be sending money to your opponent.  And @GOP should stop preferring party politics over the needs of the American people. SHAME!
If the ACA is failing, it is largely because Trump and @GOP are sabotaging it. Wake up, people!
Lost my vote.
You sir are irresponsible to your constituents. This bill will kill people. Shame on you!

You are being duped if you think this bill has ANYTHING TO DO with health-care. It is a Koch-mandated tax cut for rich fucks/ nothing else!
Thank you, @SenatorTimScott
But the constitutes are not on board. I live in your district and say hell to the no on this bill.
Logic of an idiot
Do you know how silly you sound? Every major medical association, health insurance company Ed, and the AMA say different. You are daft!
Thank Mr. Scott. We do appreciate the work you are doing in representing our great state! Most of us, want to #KeepSCgreat!
Either we are 1 nation under God or we're not. EVERYONE DESERVES QUALITY, AFFORDABLE CARE.  #GrahamCassidy isn't it.  It's a death sentence.
And you are okay with that.   You are okay with the white washing that is going on JUST to hold your seat.   @newsone
You and many like you are nothing more than YES MEN.  Every bill photo opt are all OLD WHITE MEN @newsone
Another asshole has spoken. Why not give us the same coverage you have Senator??
It was always said we need voices in both parties, but every time I look across the isle my people over there are SILENT.  @newsone
The fact remains YOU and the GOP are failing America because YOU have gone along to Sabotage  it like the racist.   Are you that afraid?
LIES
YOU Mr Scott are a disgrace!! #NoGrahamCassidy
Thanks
Nothing but BS from a republican shill POS!
You're putting care back in the hands of Insurance companies, without regulations. Your constituents do NOT want to return to yesteryear.
Do Alabamians feel pain differently than New Yorkers?  Are children in Arizona entitled to fewer preventative vaccinations than those in CA?
Canada, China, Europe have all figured out single payer.So don't feed that bullshit to the American http://People.You  failed.
*ahem*
Wow, so cancer affects SC residents differently than it does Oregon folks? Medicare-for-All is only humane HC solution.#GrahamCassidy
ACA is not failing but by voting against it you are failing your people #MedicareForAll
Then fix ACA, don't trash it because it has a black man's name associated with it.
Dear God, please don't forgive the souls of the senators who sign this bill killing & destroying millions of lives
Please make them pay
Amen
So fix it & make it better. It has helped millions. Do u know what is in it.? Did anyone talk to the Medical community, an Actuary.  Shame!
A ridiculous comment Tim Scott. Are you smart enough to be a senator? Ever bothered to look at countries that have universal healthcare???
Skyrocketing premiums is the fault of for-profit healthcare. The Affordable Care Act/Obamacare enrolled millions. Stop your lies.

Empowering your pockets with Koch money! Harming millions of Americans who you promised to serve.
JUST IN: Blue Cross: GOP's ObamaCare repeal bill "undermines" protections for pre-existing conditions http://hill.cm/itZalcK  
The #ACA works in states that implemented it in the intended manner.  GOP created high costs by hindering enrollment and Medicaid expansion,

NEW: Health insurers take a stand against Graham Cassidy ACA repeal.

That's patients, doctors, hospitals,seniors, insurers,…
We don't need another bandage bill. We health care for everybody! Our health care system is broken and this bill will do nothing to fix it!
shame on you. bought and paid for.
Bill to "fix" the ACA will allow states to NOT cover pre existing conditions. States can opt out of covering hospital stays & essentials.
You are failing the American people-not the ACA
First you supported DeVos ... now it's the #GrahamCassidyBill ... I voted for you and I am regretting it. #SCVoter
But for millions of kids like mine block grants mean caps. My daughter will reach caps before she's 10. Blocks have been proven ineffective
Vote affirmatively for graham Cassidy bill
I disagree. I applauded your diplomatic talk with Trump but you do need to put SC first and this new proposal is worse than the last one.
This bill is worse than the other ones. Quit fucking the working class and helping the very well off.....
The aca was providing stability. This trashed that.
The fact remains that the ACA needs support, this bill removes guaranteed protection provided by it.  This bill is going to kill Americans.
I strongly agree Senator.
U seem2like #GrahamCasiddy is there a link2read entire bill?How do u feel how #Medicare is handled? @TuckerCarlson @BuzzFeed @AppSame
Block grant just mean states will have a limit pool of resources with which to allocate benefits Not a great idea unless Medicaid is expand
SC must vote the Reps out.  

Not undoing health care in regular order only assures failed policy.

Must just be done again next year.
Last time I checked drs didn't recommnd diff treatment for stroke, cancer, brain injury, MS based living in OR v SC But u know more, right?
This bill is a BAD bill. I guess DONORS mean more to you than the healthcare of Americans citizens!! Shame on you!!
So if you live in North Augusta vs Augusta you have different HCare needs? This is not a state issue
If SC didn't need the money in Medic expansion, why do they need it now? What's changed? Were they wrong then? Are you wrong now?
Just curious Tim, how much do you receive from Healthcare insurance lobbyists?
Bill Cassidy is a liar. #GrahamCassidy is a terrible bill that protects insurance companies and threatens ANYONE who is ill.
STOP SPREADING LIES! Just because you say something that doesn't make it true. Show me the evidence! #ProtectOurCare
I am sickened by your pretend healthcare bill which is really a tax bill...the money taken from health care and given to the wealthy.
Liar, you send it to the states to kill it and they will. No medicaid for the poor and high premiums that make insurance unaffordable.
Our healthcare challenges? SC is in the top 10 for poorest, unhealthiest, most dangerous. Oh wait but we're also the 10th worst-run. 
fact that your bill solves NONE of this is astonishing.   fact that u ignore how many r helped, don't have problems u claim means u lie.
How about no. It disgusts me that you guys are pushing fucked-up Healthcare on the people and then you get your own little Cadillac coverage
Where are the specific reasons for supporting this bill in SC? All I see are campaign slogan comments. List problems and fixes in it.
Liar
When SC lags behind in many essential areas, i.e. education, infrastructure, why would we trust our officials w/ getting healthcare right?
Exactly.S.C. has a 16.6 percent poverty rate,is 10th poorest, and has the nation's lowest Medicaid reimbursement rate. They care about self.
Policy that excludes people w/ pre existing conditions fails to consider how insurance actually works.
Lies
Then why are doctors and medical associations coming out against this bill?
America's doctors oppose your bill! How does this fix anything? This bill is cruel and does not pass our first principle: First, Do no harm
@SenatorTimScott American people are not stupid. This bill will mean the loss of coverage for many of us, but your donors will be happy tho
So Tim Scott is ignorant as hell too.  GREAT, Cassidy, just GREAT!
