I'm your constituent in New Orleans, and this tweet is a lie.
BC, guess u think you're being "honest" by saying no 1 will "lose" coverage but they won't b able 2 afford it so they won't "have" coverage.
But they will have "access" to healthcare if they work hard & make good choices, like all of the white men who run our country. O Wait...
14 million will lose their #Medicaid with this Sen McConnell bill.  This is a disgrace.
That is an outright lie. People will die because of the #AHCA
Republicans afraid to have Townhalls now. See what happens if you vote your horrible health bill thru. DESTRCTION if the @GOP. Tell Ryan
Flat out lie. Have you seen the CBO reports on your replacement plan? Millions lose coverage. Stop talking out of your ass.
How can you.lie so brazenly???@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @robportman @SenateGOP Go ahead & ram this thru. NEXT ELECTION WILL BE BLOODBATH!
THIS Is a lie and you know it! DO NOT GIVE INTO PRESSURE. We need you! #showusthebill #Trumpcare
Alternative lie. Which is still untrue.
What a terrible and dangerous lie. Have you no shame?
This will look great in your opponents' commercials in 2020. You still have a chance to do the right thing and #DoNoHarm
You're going to explode a chunk of Louisianas economy. And you'll have to own that.
#showustheplan #NoCutsNoCaps
I'm one of the people whose life is at stake right now. Me and God knows how many others. It's on you. I hope there is a hell.
American people/country BEFORE PARTY dude. No worries. You'll be punished for this & will be voted out. We the people will remember YOU LIE.
The lies the GOP tells are astounding.  #GOPGreed
You kmow that is an outright LIE. The CBO Score shows 23M total lose insurance. 14 Million in 2018. You are a liar. #LLPOF
you cant just LIE!!!

The @GOP has no morals, no ethics, no integrity
from everything I've read about this bill which is being crafted in secret this tweet is a flat out lie. 300k+ will lose in LA
A noted health care expert says you are lying. La lives are at stake. You will be accountable.
Then show us the latest version 'cu that ain't true with previous versions.
Liar. Get ur head screwed on straight & then try again. It's disgusting that you know people will suffer extreme consequences & still lie.
Sir - you are just flat out lying and Americans know it. This is simply a tax cut for the wealthy. We're not stupid.
Replacing with nothing,  making your statement a lie.
What's really bad about this tweet, you said on Kimmel that health care had to pass the @jimmykimmel test. Millions of Children's lose care
Sir, aren't you a physician? Shouldn't "do no harm" extend to your legislative work? How can you sleep at night, Sir? Or look in the mirror?
no one except the millions and millions more who will lose if under Trumpcare. You are lying. #showusthebill
Stop playing games with words & people's lives. Under AHCA, insurance will become unaffordable for millions - which means no coverage.
Bullshit.
Is that a lie or did you trust what others said about it without reading the bill?
..dude please pull your thinking into 2017 .. or at least 2007
If the rumors of the contents of the bill are to be believed, millions will lose coverage. Don't lie to us!
This is a lie. People read it for yourselves.
It's been reported that the Senate bill will KEEP the provisions in the house bill punishing those with pre-ex. Please elaborate on that...
Difficult to believe this when the GOP has been anything but transparent with their ramrod process.

This is a lie. You should be ashamed of yourself. #Traitor
This is a lie, plain and simple.
Lie.lie.lie.lie.lie.lie.lie.lie.lie.lie.
You're lying. Rolling it back later is taking it awa. And you're taking away employer healthcare protections. For a tax cut. #shame
@BillCassidy You and your wife are talented compassionate physicians.Listen to other MDs who serve vulnerable:AHCA sounds bad.Hold hearings
I don't believe that. Keep and improve ACA or provide Single Player. Do No Harm!
 LIAR  LIAR  LIAR 
So full of feces your eyes are brown.
You are lying
This. Is. A. Lie.
Many are worried and yet Senate will not hold public hearings to hear constituents and ease worries? @BillCassidy #HealthcareMatters
Liar. Bald faced liar.
Lies. Nothing but lies #shame #immoral
The primary reason insurance companies are withdrawing from market place is b/c the TRUMP admin refuses to commit to cost sharing subsidies
The latest estimate is 20 million will lose their health insurance. 

20. Million. American. Citizens.
If you agree to the waiver provision which I understand you will do, people will lose coverage. Please don't lie Senator.
You are awful.  Just awful.
Not true. Blatant lie!
Are you putting this in writing? Willing to resign from Senate if anyone in Louisiana loses their coverage?
This is simply false. Delaying the rollback of medicaid still results in YOUR CONSTITUENTS losing coverage, all for TAX CUTS for the WEALTHY
Liar

Feels too good to be a liar, eh?
You know that isn't true. The way you lie, people will think you are a Republican.
Where are plans for replacement?  You all have NONE.  Sounds like another LIE.
@SenSanders @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Repealing Obamacare will increase deficit  $237B over 10 yrs.Cheaper to fix Obamacare.
so you'll vote against repeal if no viable replacement is agreed upon?
you fellas have boxed yourselves into a policy corner.
what is the replacement?  Is there a plan to review?  Thank you.
