Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions.
Meaning 25 MILLION Americans age 50-64 who live with cancer, diabetes, etc could be price gouged, effectively making insurance unaffordable.
We encourage regular order and a bipartisan approach to lowering costs and improving health care for all Americans.
Why does the @SenateGOP keep trying to rush through these truly awful bills? The  committee was making progress.
They are trying to exhaust us, and get billions to insurance CEOs
Those states could just join the Medicaid expansion under current expansion. Those funds are there for them. They choose not to take them
That's because states like Utah did not take the medicaid expansion money. Why don't you tell the whole story?!? #NeverRepeal #GrahamCassidy
We have a fascist governor in our state who will let us die.
Taking money away from blue states to do this is really dishonest! You are really the worst of the worst when it comes to senators.
No protection for sky high premiums for pre existing,  making it unaffordable for people like my son. Kill this bill!
This bill is about giving billions to big insurance company CEOs, not about protecting access to healthcare
You represent LOUISIANA! Your bill takes money AWAY from 50+ in your state! I'm 54 & a constituent. You work for ME not people in states!

Liar
I hope, more than anything, that you are someday very ill, in a low paying job, and without healthcare.
You. Are Wrong. Read You Own. Damn. Bill.
if this bill is so f**king great, why are you racing to pass it before there is a CBO score
If those states want medicaid money all they need to do is take it. No need for your garbage bill.
What framework is this bill based on? Practically every other developed country does this better.. and you recommend we start from scratch?
Stop lying!
Sen @BillCassidy called our reading of his health care bill on pre-existing conditions false. Here’s how we read it: http://n.pr/2fAWevD  https://twitter.com/BillCassidy/status/910316563047337984 …
Cassidy is full of the greatest level of bullshit seen since Trumpholster's inauguration debacle....
Why RU lying to US when its clear ur Bill falls far short of affordable health care and screws older Americans? #FixACA #FuCassidyGraham
You are kidding, right?
Since they will be receiving so much more$, maybe people donating to storm relief direct it towards Puerto Rico?
Resign
#Liar
Liar
1 Because they refused to take the money available under Obamacare and under your bill they get tobtake it from NY, CA, MA, et al
2 So the benefits to those states is they get less awful health care while the other states get worse but no states have good enough hc
Look, Bill!  I found your employer!  Health insurance companies!
Come on, Cassidy.  Have some self awareness, and realize EVERYONE here can read.  Not just greased politicians like you.
Actually,Texas will lose $11.5 billion in Medicaid funds.For the funds they do receive, nothing requires  they spend it on 50+,or low income
Do you have no shame?
LIAR. We know it & you know it. Millions of Americans uninsured. Pre existing priced out of reach. Republicans have no morals. Greed&Avarice
Kimmel test. Liar.
What about the other 42 states???? 
Tell them what they get? 
If true, show the American People!
@BillCassidy. Stop lying!!! We all see you. We all know who and what you are.
What about those over 50 in the other 41 States?

Guess they're fucked?

At least Sen. Barasso isn't lying to people like @BillCassidy is https://twitter.com/ndrew_lawrence/status/910251338805760000 …
Bullshit.
@BillCassidy - you are lying.
Read AARP's response to this less than truthful tweet from Bill Cassidy whose pathetic non-health care bill is latest GOP scam
You are asking the blue states to take care of the lazy ass red states. U know the WHITE LAZY ASS PPL
WHAT A SHAMELESS LIE, WE KNOW BETTER AND HOLD THE TRUTH AGAINST YOU!!! YOU SHOULD BE IMPEACHED, YOU CRIMINAL
Where? WHERE?
@Senate @GOP @SenGraham @SenCassidy @SenGraham @BillCassidy @AARPadvocates Senator Bill Cassia Tweet Is A 180 From This Health Care Bill!
hope you get voted out of your seat ASAP you fraud.
We read the bill. It's terrible. People's expenses will skyrocket. Welcome back preexisting conditions. Goodbye female reproductive health.
Senators and congressmen should have Medicare for their healthcare program and social security and a 401k for retirement
THIS IS A FAIL which would cost lives.  Withdraw it now.
Republican care will kill seniors
Liar liar pants on fire! You've been hanging out with the Liar in Chief too much. Did you #readthebill especially sect. 106?
I do believe you lie, Bill. Anything for a win, aye, Bill?
Someone will likely get billions more but it won't be hard working middle class people who need access to insurance.
LIAR! Section 106 clearly spells doom for our 50+ Americans. States having the right to cut, deny and turn-down.

#ShameOnYou
AARP Opposes this because of pre existing condidtions and less spending in many states,Does not pass the Jimmy Kimmel test.
You & Lady Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC) are sociopaths, liars and snake oil sales people. So #GoFuckYourselves #p2 #p21 #UniteBlue #LibCrib
Could it POSSIBLY be that they have billions more people? Huh? What do YOU think you fucking moron???
No penalties for pre-existing conditions. No gutting Medicaid. I am completely against it and speaking out every minute. This is horrific
Shame on you Sen. Cassidy. Robbing American seniors of affordable  insurance.
So... he agrees with this map.  Okay w/ your healtcare funding being diverted LA?
Losers of Graham-Cassidy ACA replacement include Alaska, Maine and Arizona--home of the 3 senators who killed BCRA.

https://twitter.com/sahilkapur/status/909762601286062081 …
Just not his own state.  Hey LA, the seniors in IN,MO,VA,TX,FL,TN,NC,GA,UT thank you!!
This is a SICK bill Senator! You have got to be kidding! Why do you want to KILL so many of your fellow Americans? SHAME!
Hey Louisiana!  Are you on this list?  Glad to see Mr. Cassidy sticking up for his voters...oh wait.
Really, you tried a Trump shell game here and got caught. How the hell do you sleep at night?? Oh, I forgot. Bribes from rich.
Bill Cassidy the "Dr" who wants to take away millions of peoples healthcare to give money to the rich.  Remember this.
These listed states made the decision NOT to except the medicaid expansions. These state governments opted NOT to help many of its citizens.
nothing but pure evil. You make me ashame for ever being a Republican. I now switching to a Democrat.
Call this bill what it is:  "Red states rip off Blue states bill?"  #wereadit
Red states receive $$ by taking billions from Blue  states, this is a shell game, you're not fooling anyone @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr
Exactly we are not stupid. Kentucky expanded Medicaid under dem Governor. ACA worked well in Kentucky
Oh, you got PWND by AARP. LOL...if you're going to lie, you need to lie to people who don't know any better.

My letter to @BillCassidy explaining how his bill uniquely and disproportionally hurts his home state of Louisiana. 
I'd like to read the score.  But you won't allow that before a vote because then the true level of evil in this bill will come to light.

Why does the GOP hate Americans so much?
You are a mean individual.
you useless idiots should have the same healthcare as those who foot the bill for your health coverage...
you Republicans should be ashamed of yourselves.  Of course you're exempt from certain laws, like this one...

Top Louisiana health official rips Louisiana Republican: Your ObamaCare repeal bill hurts our state http://hill.cm/F2PMOFt  
You keep saying things. Doesn't make them true.
YOUR OWN STATE LOSES! Can't wait not to re-elect you
You must not understand that many if not most over 50 have pre-existing conditions. Your plan penalizes them.
FIRST, do NO HARM!
Liar.  You are not just screwing your own constituents.  You are trying to harm millions of other Americans.
Thanks AARP for straightening out the Senator's lies
And other states LOSE billions.  thought you R's were against redistribution? u take the cake though...hurting your own people!  wow.
Liar. You're such a liar.
I'm guessing AARP just very nicely told you to either read your own bill or quit lying to the people! Of course there's the off chance you
have no idea what you're doing or what you're talking about! Huh!
Yeah, then $ runs out in 2026. No protections for pre-exist, Medicaid waivers. No work on cost transparency or cost savings. Poor plan.
Trust, sir, you don't want experts to #ReadTheBill. If you did, you'd have experts & CBO tell you what it will do, not #FakeMath. #WeReadIt
And every other state gets to prop up those states, including yours.
Shame on you, Senator. You are a liar and #deplorable. Bravo AARP for looking out for all of us.
Senator, maybe you should read the bill.  Section 106 seems pretty clear that those with pre-existing conditions get screwed
AZ  loses 1.6 billion. Hundreds of thousands of poor, elderly & sick will be forced to go without care. Shameful. @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake
@LindseyGrahamSC & Cassidy are ok w/an age tax on 50+, folks w/pre-exstng conds being again unable to afford insurance to cut taxes for rich
Since when is USA made up of less than 10 states? Plus you forgot to mention insurers will be able to charge more for pre existings
You, sir, are one of those people who is always ecstatic that an operation is a success even if the patient is dead.
Owned by @AARP on twitter. Read your own bill Senator. You can be sure "We the People" have read it carefully.
Stop breaking our Senate. Work with the Dems & put out a plan that works for all Americans, not just rich ones.
Cassidy-Graham-Heller bill is poison. Improve Obamacare. Don't repeal without a replacement. This won't do it!
Shame on you @BillCassidy
This is why you do not let think tanks founded by wealthy & lobbyists write your legislation Bill
Bill, you didn't address their concern.  In addition, I live in Michigan.  We'll be getting less money.
Cassidy-Graham bill penalizes states that expanded Medicaid, rewards states that left citizens w/o assistance.
Retaliation or coincidence?
Block grants will expire - 34 million to be uninsured by 2027
We see you. Remember, first do no harm? It matters... RN'S
First - DO NO HARM! Your bill is MURDER!

That's a lie! $ goes to the states, Not individuals 50+! And what about the waiver that takes away protections for pre-ex!? This is horrid!
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Really Bill??? Explain how please
I guess you forgot what you wrote in your bill. You know, the part about ALL states loosing all #ACA funding in 2026. So we all hurt. Thx!
Maybe @GOP didn't read it? Because this bill is batshit crazy!
I read it too. Still asking... :-(
Who is objecting to this, and why? 

Patient Freedom Act of 2017
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/191?q=%7B …"search"%3A%5B"Graham-…
For how long? And let's talk about the states that are going to lose fed funding in a few years.
But what about the people in CA, NY, AZ, ME, MA, AK...that lose? And the whole thing getting wiped out over time?
Senator: do YOU also lose protections from prexisting conditions?
These two senators want to remove your medical pre-existing condition protections @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC
#GrahamCassidy would price gouge older Americans with an age tax, decrease coverage, and undermine pre-existing condition protections.
Then you will let it be scored?
CBO scores showing tens of millions of Americans will lose insurance coverage has helped derail past repeal votes. R solution: vote w/o #s
That's a LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE LIE!!! You're giving tax cuts to wealthy donors while gutting Medicaid & other vital programs. #SaveACA
Ok, what about everyone else???
This from May 6 is an infuriating artifact: both Cassidy and Graham criticizing House for EXACT thing they are doing https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-fix/wp/2017/05/06/does-it-pass-the-jimmy-kimmel-test-asks-senator-who-authored-proposal-to-replace-obamacare/ …
My gut feeling or observation is these two are in alliance because of the States they represent, they must see it impossible to lose.

The last-ditch GOP Senate ACA repeal bill would let state’s gut protections for people with pre-existing conditions. https://www.cbpp.org/blog/cassidy-grahams-waiver-authority-would-gut-protections-for-people-with-pre-existing-conditions … 

And takes it away from other states! This bill is immoral!!
Shifting $ from where it's needed to your buddies to get your 50 votes is not a selling point to Americans.
We all understand the whole GOP is only working for the billionaires, so why bother with these lies that none of us believe?
Senator it's a bad bill. U have removed protections for preexisting conditions and placed lifetime caps. This will result in death for many
We read how you steal healthcare from other states to give where you need votes. You have no shame. You have no conscience. #worstsenator
Cassidy 14 Likes ... that's Pathetic ... Tell You Something ???
Not if the people are disabled or have preexisting conditions. #ireadthebillitsucks
All @GOP states. What happens to Il CA NY @BillCassidy? Or do U not care cause they r Dem states?
If government spending is so bad, why are you re-allocating it, mostly, to majority republican states??? #CassidyGraham
Because republican run states are the real federal dollar welfare queens.
I call bullshit Bill. We get to fund states that didn't expand and screw the residents of our state. You really don't want to be reelected
By stealing it from people in my state. Also lets insurers charge more for pre-existing conditions. No thanks!

This is another lie your pushing
You fail to mention that insurers can raise rates for people who have or develop pre-existing conditions - price out sick.  This is immoral.
You are my senator and your plan hurts Louisiana citizens especially the elderly and those with disabilities!
LA, the state you represent would receive less & puts DD services in jeopardy, leaving neglectful nursing homes as only choice for services!
https://ncd.gov/publications/2013/05222013 …
No they dont. The states get block grants that u could cut anytime & nothing aftr '26. No ins with #preexistingconditions & #lifetimecaps

Evidently, AARP completely disagrees with you and your bill. I do too.
What about YOUR state? We lose money! Why are you working against the interests of the people who elected you?

Stop lying Bill 
Bullshit:
Tell that to my husband. He's not 50+ but the ACA saved his life. What will happen to him under your crappy plan?
if those states had expanded medicaid under the ACA they would be fine. why steal from the states that expanded medicaid/health care to all.
The GOP caused all this problem by not initiating the ACA in way it was intended. The penalized Citizens when the manipulated ACA to suit
Providing states the option to raise costs for ppl w pre-existing conditions won't ensure tht the insurers won't gouge the insured.
Wow are you misrepresenting.  But it's to be expected.  All republicans can do is lie.
You stink, fix the ACA and stop messing around! Feckless politicians
http://hlth.rand.org/5hue  and aarp called you on your  bill
Work together to improve ACA.  No repeal.
Where are hearings and meetings? Why are you trying to sneak this past the public?  We do not want repeal.
By taking away PE conditions bam an age rating it's a drop in bucket, + billions stolen from net payer States.
How are those protections for preexisting conditions doing? You know, the ones you promised to protect? The ones your bill eliminates?
You are another politician who does not care about the America people. We are all entitled to good, affordable health care. Shame on you.
But what about the states you take that $ from? HC is far too important to design something shoddy at 11th hour w/o dems & experts. #4shame
Because they didn't expand Medicaid! Don't assume that the American people are suckers for high velocity spin, sir.
Exactly this not expanding Medicaid was done purposefully. We aren't stupid
FL will LOSE money
