Start a debate in the United States.
Will you be returning the  you received from the NRA & vote 4 stricter laws? Or will they continue to own you? 2,861,047
I left a message in your office.  Ur prayers should be in asking for forgiveness of yourself. Please stop taking money from the NRA.
When are you going to DO something about these tragedies ? One person should not be able to mow down 550 people in a few minutes.
Enough prayers! Stop the NRA blood money! Cowardly complicit Sen. Bill Cassidy silenced by taking over $2,800,000 million #NRABloodMoney #NRATerroristOrganization. #NeverAgain #MarchForOurLives @NRA @GOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump #TimeForAction
https://www.msnbc.com/velshi-ruhle/watch/nra-donations-to-republican-lawmakers-1162480195645 … via @msnbc
Time for GOP to source funds from elsewhere - blood will continue to run until you do.
Cassidy, who is up for reelection in 2020, received $2,861,047 from the NRA. Louisiana deserves better. #TimeForAChange @MitchLandrieu
I cannot in good conscious vote to re-elect you as my senator. Children in Newtown have been slaughtered and now the biggest shooting? Let’s
Some reading material, Bill. Educate yourself.

#ThoughtsAndPrayers again? In other words, #politicians' thoughts are on NRA-friendly  talking points & #prayers for more #NRA contributions
Your words are empty: you’ve taken nearly $3M from @NRA in your career. What will it take for you to help #EndGunViolence ?
I stood in line at the coffee counter with a young man, ball cap on head and automatic weapon strapped to hip. I didn't feel safer.

What about the $2,861,047 you've taken from the N.R.A.?
10. Bill Cassidy

$2,861,047 NRA Money received
 
Top 10, congrats!
Stop accepting contributions from @NRA and pass legislation to ban at least assault weapons.  After #LasVegasShooting was #SutherlandSpringsShooting -- in a church, where people were already praying.  What next?? My mother heard #GabbyGiffords being shot.
Stop taking money from the #NRA.
Mr. Senator please listen to us... start a discussion about gun control measures. Have a debate if nothing else, if you now to the @NRA
and please tell me how prayer does anything to stop this and comfort anyone....  please.....
Here are the victims of Newtown... Please explain to the memories of these 20, 6 year olds and the 6 adults who died trying to protect them... WHY your NRA blood $$ is more important than their lives!! #GODLESSGOP
You sold yourself to the NRA.   You sir are a heartless creature.  You sir have blood on your hands
Stop following it and do something about it. NOW!!! Now is the time. Do your job or in the words of your Orange leader, "you're fired!"
Please get off your ass and do something about mass shootings ruining our country. Get out of the NRA's bed.
Was the $10,450 from the NRA worth the cost of having blood on your hands?
Goddamn I love these
I guess I like Twitter now
Your prayers, and the prayers of all NRA cronies are pure insults.
Anyone that takes NRA money is complicit.
Get out of the NRAs back pocket and stand on your own 2 feet for the good of your constituents and the rest of the country #GunControlNow
@billcassidy just an #nrastooge
Prays mean nothing when tainted with blood money from @NRA.
Now is the time to talk & act, stop gun violence. Quit letting the NRA buy DC
Really? So you are paying back the NRA for their campaign contributions? Then coming up with sensible gun legislation??
Why don't you pray for some courage to do something for the good of this country.
Do something about this other than pray! Support gun control laws including keeping guns out of those with mental health issues. Rest is BS!
Hypocrite! You took $2,867,074 from NRA last year! Your prayers are useless bcs blood is on your hands.Try gun control legislation to atone.
But your legislation has been with the NRA. Loose gun laws allowed this. #nrabloodmoney
The victims and American people need more than your prayers and passive acceptance, Senator. We need to STOP IT FROM HAPPENING AGAIN.
What is preventing you from making full auto conversion kit illegal?
Prayers are great. But how about you actually do your job - protect Americans through common sense gun control legislation.
Fanasty:  thoughts and prayers stop the bullets of semi automatic weapons from entering our bodies. Reality: $94,050 from NRA to U
you could pray or you could realize you're in a position to do more and actually make a tangible difference??
Those horrendous acts of violence will continue until u pass comprehensive Gun laws & create a vibrant Mental Health System. Wake up!
Dr Hopalong-stop going along with NRA-have a question-how many of Vegas victims would have lost insurance under your scheme-some dr you are!
Pray for forgiveness Billy as these people's blood are on your hands. How many thousands of dollars has the NRA given to you?
http://www.ontheissues.org/House/Bill_Cassidy_Gun_Control.htm … YOU need to take responsibility for your votes that have resulted in the deaths of innocents.
Please do something. We are asking for sensible gun laws and regulations. Help protect your citizens.
While I count Benjamins from the  NRA https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1727441590620657/ … #GOPcomplicit

How nice to offer your prayers after you took $17,450 from the @NRA . Shame
How does that money from NRA feel now? #bloodmoney
They don’t need ur prayers they need the gov’t to stop these gun loopholes NOW! Give back the $2,867,074 @NRA gave U. THEY R the terrorists!

#nrabloodmoney #NRAOwnsTheGOP  #GunContolNow
When it comes to gun reform, seems like Republican congresspeople care more about taking the NRA’s money than they do about saving lives 
After you pray, take action and support gun control laws.  This doesn't have to happen.  Stop the nonsense.
The House is set to vote this week on making gun silencer's legal.. if the victims didn't hear the gunshots this would have been much worse
Well if they vote for it, we can vote them out in 2018, this db already needs to go after what he was trying to do to healthcare
According to WaPo, you've received $10,450 from the NRA. Your thoughts and prayers are easily bought.
Gun control.  Gun control.  Gun control.  Gun control.  Gun control.  Gun control.  Gun control.  Gun control.  Gun control.  Gun control.
Thoughts and prayers are unfortunately not helpful, but you know what is? Voting for gun control.
@billcassidy, what do you care? Why is no one calling this a terrorist attack? Because he's a white male? Help the country, not yourself!
Now go back to work to write some sensible legislation to keep semi-automatic weapons out of the wrong hands. This Louisiana voter wants it.
#SendBackTheBloodMoney then, Cassidy.
Do something about gun violence
Glad your beautiful children weren't ripped from your family today without warning. 58 and counting families are not so lucky. NRA 
NRA
As helpful as everything else you've done for your countrymen. At least you aren't trying to take healthcare away from the victims.

Oh.
How about putting you "prayers" into some gun control laws, now!
After 9/11 we didn't wait a respectful amount of time to improve airport scrty. You can respect the dead by preventing LVs from happening.
STOP PRAYING AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT GUN CONTROL!!!!!!!!
as a physician, why aren't you leading the charge to fight senseless gun violence? How much did the NRA donate to your campaign
Please Sen. Cassidy. It is time to pass reasonable gun restrictions No one needs assault weapons or silencers. Please protect us.
At least count, you were given $2,867,074 by the NRA. How much soap are you going to need to wash away that blood money? UR SAD & PATHETIC!!
You take NRA $$$. You have blood on YOUR hands. #GunLawsNow
Your prayers mean nothing if you're too much of a coward to back meaningful gun legislation.
Ban the semi automatic guns. No silencers wake up only thing to fear is another American with a gun
Gun control!
To hell with prayers. Actually do something instead of sitting in your hands.
Fucking DO SOMETHING. Your thoughts and prayers mean nothing alongside your NRA rating.
Ban military style weapons NOW!
This is what we have become.  Stop the NRA and institute gun control
This situation and bill cassidys complicity sickens me.  But, please don't post bloodfilled pictures like this. IM or DM him privately.

To my colleagues: your cowardice to act cannot be whitewashed by thoughts and prayers.

None of this ends unless we do something to stop it.
Please do something then!!! You have a responsibility to HELP PEOPLE
Your prayers are not enough to stop mass shootings. Time to vote with your feet and stand against the NRA.
How about you actually DO something about gun control and violence versus useless thoughts and prayers? Stand up to the NRA.
I hope your prayers include the will to pass sensible gun legislation.  People don’t need assault rifles
Them stop pushing these "horrendous" #TrickleDown and #RepealAndReplace bills and start some damned gum control.  2 shooters = MANY VICTIMS
What tangible action are you going to take that may prevent this act of violence in the future? Here are some ideas Americans like:
Please vote no on gun silencers: Say no to gun silencer bill. I survived Virginia Tech because I heard shots.
11,652 Americans have died this year.  #GunControlNow #LasVegasShooting
Save your prayers.  We need meaningful gun control and actual mental health reform!
You were trying to take away their health care last week
You are already bought and paid to make sure this happens again and again.
Waiting for NRA & its supporters to try to stifle any serious discussion about banning assault rifles by claiming it's "too soon". #NotTooSoon #EndGunViolence
"The thoughts and prayers of politicians ring cruelly hollow if they are not paired with action." C.Murphy.  You are complicit.
Good thing you are following cause we all know you will not do anything about it.
Protect us
Stop praying and stop being a republican and do your job
You're complicit
People don’t give a fuck about your thoughts and prayers. People care about congress doing something to end this carnage. Do your job!
Wow. 2.7 million to buy your ass. You're a cheap date @BillCassidy
#NRA "A rating"
In 2014 the NRA spent $2.7 million to ensure that prayers would be the sum total of your reaction.
What about Puerto Rico?
First, stop lying about praying. Secondly, prayer w/o works is dead. It's in your power to affect common sense gun legislation, but u won't.
With out even the slightest bit of change to our gun laws this tragedy will repeat itself like Groundhog Day. #iknowhowyouvote
Prayers are worthless!  Gun control is not!
How might we prevent these kind of tragedies?
How will you vote on the silencer bill, @BillCassidy?
Do you have the balls to stand up to the NRA?
No good enough. We need meaningful gun control in this country. How many more people have to die unnecessarily?
If our elected representatives would have acted on gun violence after the first 5 such attacks this one may have been avoided. Heartbreaking
I imagine so. Surviving casualties still enjoy the benefits of health insurance. That must cause you great dismay. Esp. if LA citizens.
Absolutely horrific event. Sensible gun control laws please. Founding fathers did not foresee these guns Mentally ill should not have access
Better screening, less ammo available. Close loose loopholes. Why so many restrictions on a females body but less on Killing weapons & ammo
Hypocrite
The problem is your thoughts and prayers mean nothing when you are unwilling to do anything about gun violence in this country.
No. Thoughts and prayers won’t change anything. Try saying “To prevent this in the future, we will make a sensible change to gun laws."
Seriously. Fuck praying. It’s a pointless salve that changes absolutely nothing.
Do something about it.
#BanAutomaticWeapons #GunControl
Did you follow the terrorist targeting black people in Baton Rouge?
Save your prayers! You've been a solid @NRA Supporter! Blood on your hands!
But you won't do a damn thing about keeping guns out of the hands of crazy people.
Terrorism.
Please remember the deputy killed in Lafayette last nite as well.  
