Nope.
You work for us but feel it's ok to lie to your employers? We will remember this disgusting attempt at a law when we vote.

Preliminary Analysis of Legislation That Would Replace Subsidies for Health Care With Block Grants https://www.cbo.gov/publication/53126 …

IT DOES NOT. YOU KEEP LYING AND LYING AND LYING about this. "Access" to insurance means NOTHING if it costs $100K a year.
Bullshit or can I borrow 17,000 if my husband's vasectomy fails?
You naturally spew this lie with such ease. Don't believe that citizens haven't done their homework. We read, unlike your president.
Well, pretty much everyone else thinks you are wrong.  Is there a reason the @GOP is afraid of the regular order?
CBO predicts millions will lose coverage under your plan. Hopefully this will be the nail in the coffin for your horrific bill. SHAME!
Every word you say is a lie.  #KochWhore
Uh, no. Have you READ YOUR OWN BILL?
It does not. To quote your impolite colleague, 'You lie'.
Holy shit you're a liar
Shame on you Senator you know that is not true!  How dare you mislead the public!
You're a man without a moral compass.
You are lying. not just to Jimmy kimmel but to all of us.
You will have blood on your hands
Jfc. You r a lying sac who has ppl in wheelchairs removed when protesting to protect their care. 
Stop lying.
YOU'RE LYING &WE KNOW IT!!

#LIAR
it will not help your ore existing condition....in bed with big BONERS.
Why are waivers needed if pre-existing conditions covered The mere mention WAIVER gives it away! Affordable to you is not affordable to all
it does NOT. #liar

Terrible ad for Fantastic Sam's.
No it doesn't, you lying SOS.
You lie, Sir and are unworthy of your office..as well as your M.D. . We in Louisiana will suffer as you yawn . Despicable
How deep are you into #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion?  You are going down with the rest of them.
You are about to murder people in order to get a tax break for your owners. Roast in hell.
LIAR.

#GrahamCassidyKills
No. It doesn't. However, #MedicareForAll does.
Liar, and you look to hurt poor people in blue states. You and your #republican @GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan are all evil.
Oh the lies you tell!  The GOP has NO INTEGRITY! Despite how hard you have tried to make Americans stupid - we're not. #NoGrahamCassidy
Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. #GrahamCassidyNO
Your buddy Rick Santorum is now lying his ass off after you were finished lying yours off!
Lie.
You are such a LIAR how can you stand up there and lie now that you are stealing money from Medicare??? @johnmccain2016 John he's a LIAR!!
Deceptive at best.  Yes, it covers preexisting conditions, but only at a higher premium.  As a physician YOU KNOW BETTER than to LIE.
This is a lie. Worse, you know it is a lie. STOP.
https://twitter.com/MEPFuller/status/912380145121538049 … @EdanClay @realDonaldTrump @POTUS *
Wow. 
Look in the mirror, you're looking at a liar! U should realize Americans are NOT STUPUD! And stop smiling when you're interviewed. Horrible!
20-30 mill will lose care! #Medicaid cuts will destroy people's lives+families+harm schools NO #GrahamCassidy FIX #ACA or Medicaid for ALL
Mass Murder of nay groups people in this case the American people it is against the Nuremberg Laws. You can be tried for mass murder..
You are a LIAR!
Still a lie!  Everyone says so!  You are the only person saying otherwise!
High risk pools didn't work pre-ACA and they won't work now. If your state actually implemented ACA, your premiums wouldn't be so high.
These guys never answer any legitimate criticism of their backroom wheeling and dealing.
How does it protect when you give waivers to exclide it?
NOT!
LIAR
STOP LYING. Is that all the GOP knows how to do? Take your @LindseyGrahamSC Cassidy bullshit bill & stick it up your ass.
LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR.

#KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyNO
It's not what professionals in HC/Patient rights, AMA etc are saying. #SaveACA NO to #GrahamCassidyKoch tax breaks bill. It's not healthcare
LIAR. SHAME ON YOU.
#LIAR
#FIRSTDONOHARM

Liar.
Stop lying Senator.
The sentence below is all Graham-Cassidy 2.0 says about people with pre-existing conditions, who will lose guarantee of equal $ treatment. 
They think their being clever but everyone can see it's pretty embarrising
Wow the gop would do anything for their wealthy donors their like drug addicts it's pretty sad and pathetic and we all see it.
I want Affordable Health care. My AHC cost me. unlike Ur care cost $0. Let's rethink Ur care cost! You pay we save.
@BillCassidy https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/09/23/sen-cassidys-misleading-claim-that-preexisting-conditions-protection-is-absolutely-the-same/?utm_term=.dc9d0a40817e …  YOU CAN DO BETTER. SHAME ON YOU FOR LYING ABOUT IT TRYING TO TRICK PEOPLE.
Yeppppp...just trying to make their Koch  & letting Alaska keep Obamacare bc it's better than #GrahamCassidy!! #DrainTheSwamp
You are trying to make Koch  off the backs of hard working Rs & Ds! Not #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Lies...read all about it! #GrahamCassidy 2.0 is even worse!!
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59c86943e4b06ddf45f8c269 …
LIES! The states can remove the pre-existing condition protection OR charge massive premiums. Not insurance for THE PEOPLE!!
Liar
How do you live with yourself. Nothing but a sell out.
Your new bill makes this even more of a blatant lie than before. You are selling out people with disabilities & preexisting conditions!
Do this & you ensure massive losses in '18 & '20 when millions lose their care & realize there's no coverage for preexisting conditions.
We all know you're lying & selling all of us out for $400mil from the Kochs & a tax cut for the 1%.
Liaarrrrrrrrrrrr
Your bill is a truly evil act!
if this HC bill is so great you should be able to get the 60 votes.
Ramming thru before the 30th feels like you have something to hide.
If this bill is so good why are you afraid of the reconciliation rule expiring? Why not take the time to allow regular order?
No it doesn't. It allows insurance companies to raise premiums and price people out of coverage. Stop lying to people.
That's a lie and you know it.
Bullshit.
Stop with your fucking nonsense.
Why are you lying?
How much money does it take to get you to sit there and lie to the American people?
Bullshit. If it did you would put exact language stating as much in the bill. You do not because it does not. Quit with the bullshit.
LIAR
Another example: insurers could decide to raise anyone’s premiums any time.
Because states would have incredibly broad discretion in how they use the vague waivers in the proposal.
Graham-Cassidy eliminates protections for people with pre-existing conditions. The bill undermines protections for people with PEC.
and people who need treatment for opioid abuse by allowing states to waive essential health benefits. Why?
Pants on fire.
Shame on you @BillCassidy  you are hurting the citizens of your own state. You are hurting the doctors you claim to support. Shame on you.
Expansion. You are giving states the power to take that away and charge those with pre existing conditions more to be insured.
As a Louisiana citizen I am horrified by what you are proposing in this bill. Louisiana is a poor state that relies heavily on the Medicaid
This bill does not protect your constituents against pre-existing conditions. What’s motivating u to mislead us?
I gave money to @SenJohnMcCain, he lied, Fraud. Now he is a traitor again;
John McCain - Traitor 
.@BillCassidy- You LIE!
You're a #LIAR...NO protection if you can't afford huge premium increases...which #GrahamCassidyBill permits! #CRUEL
Just keep lying, i am sure your big money donors will be happy that you are screwing the American people.  How do you sleep at night?
It leaves it up to the states and they can charge more..that is not right, plus it puts caps back on...it is a cruel plan
No it does not. Anyone who reads what you have but forward & knows how insurance works logically can tell you aren't telling the truth.
Lies
You  don't know your own bill. Look at the statements by hospitals, physicians and (surprisingly) insurance groups. They oppose this bill

How much would that family on Obamacare be paying on your plan?
Liar
You're just passing the problem and decisions onto the states.  So you cannot guarantee that. AARP is strongly against your bill, as am I.

You flat out lie. Allowing state waivers so insurers can jack premiums and put in lifetime caps ensures those with PECs will suffer and die!
This is not how it plays out.  There's no mandate to cover pre-existing.  You are a liar! #GrahamCassidyNO
Here's another example you can share.  I paid 28k before the ACA, $924/month, now $275/month and 5,600 a year with preexisting condition.
You're avoiding the real issue.  States "must" provide affordable care for preexisting conditions but for how much more?
If you are rich. Stop lying we aren’t buying. Unlike the Koch Bros buying you
Fing liar. #trump sucker
What’s up with the tax cut & the 400 million being donated to the republicans if this bill is passed ? Louisiana please vote this creep out
How do you live with yourself?
The scariest monster for Halloween!
Before passing your suffering on this earth will be unbearable.
Cassidy u r already a very old man
R u ready  to face ur Maker?. He does not accept bribes. Sorry for your soul!
Access to coverage is different than access to care.
Except it's a lie! @GOP has lots of experience with falsehoods so your in bad company. Read your bill, "could" is not a guarantee. Sad
Stop lying to the American people
What is the hurry to pass this bill?
Work in a bi partisan to fix ACA 
Do the right thing!
If you allow insurance companies to put caps on coverage, THEY will determine what "adequate" means.
"FIRST, DO NO HARM" !!?????
Lying lying lying History will remember this
@BillCassidy
Complete lies. Why else is every medical org, AARP, every Dr I personally know all against it? 
#grahamcassidyno
Wrong! No guarantee for people with pre-existing conditions!
#VoteNoGrahamCassidy accessible is not affordable #Care4People #PatientsB4Profits #EssentialBenefits #PreexistingConditions #Pregnancy
I'd say this joint statement from pretty much EVERYONE in healthcare says the opposite. #nograhamcassidy
@JimmyKimmelLive Jimmy, it might be time to school Sen. Cassidy once again, or maybe everyday until the vote? we need u more than ever. tks
only if states want to. R states will of course try to kill as many low income people as poss, since that's ur platform. U r a liar sir.
U r a liar,  resign
Shame on u, a physician,  lying to us.
Can't wait til 2018...
Bill! Pre. Existing wld  be on state to state waiver.  People  will NOT be covered.  Stop lying.  Kimmel is right.
With major freedom for insurer to raise rates to unaffordable $$ if you have them
Stop lying to the American people!

@ChrisCuomo  Would any senator promising this be willing to leave office immediately if it's not true?
SAME JERKS THAT VOTED IT DOWN LAST TIME SHOULD PROBABLY BE VOTED OUT NEXT ELECTION, THEY COULD HAVE SAID YES. AND MOVED ON TO BETTER THINGS
Liar, Liar. States can easily make those meaningless
I'm just truly wondering why you continue to push your bill, including lying on video? Why not work to improve ACA instead?
You are the only person who thinks that.
The goal is equal healthcare!!! You can't charge more for ppl over 50. This is not auto insurance. A speeding ticket and cancer r not equal!
NO, IT DOESN'T! You wrote the bill! Every respectable news organization found where states can determine what are pre-existing conditions!
I am trusting you. I have major issues
#CleanRepeal like you promised.
It doesn't. You should read it.

Your own Secretary lf State in Louisiana says it's awful!
Horse excrement, Cassidy. Federal protections for preexisting are removed. States COULD step up and maybe would WHEN PIGS FLY.
You're just blatantly dishonest. Lying with details where the devil lives.
Is your pathological lying a pre-existing condition?
Just who do u think ur fooling? Hope your constituents r paying close attention!
You know that is false. This bill will shut rural hospitals
We're smarter than that @BillCassidy! #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
....and that is why your bill is so dangerous
UR bill provides no guidelines for what is considered suitable proof that patients w/ pre exist cons will receive access to affordable insur

http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/sep/21/donald-trump/trumps-misleading-claim-pre-existing-protections/ …
Hey Bill,  I call bullshit! Produce financial statements showing "your friend is paying 30K to 40K annually under ACA
Fucking liar
#FactsMatter #NoGrahamCassidy
No it doesn't. You know damn well the state legislature wouldn't pass such a thing. You're here toeing the party line
Thank you for at least trying. I can not afford Obamacare it does me no good. I need health care that works for me. Not lazy people
It's weird--the more you lie about this awful bill the further your eyes sink into your head. Not a good look!

Respectfully, your bill says otherwise. @washingtonpost gave you 3 Pinocchios. Remember the Hippocratic oath.


You lie
Again how stupid do you think Americans are. Double talk Pre existing conditionsshould be covered completely with no sur charge in USA
@jimmykimmel stop getting info from crying chuck who hasn't seen the bill & how about you listen to the co sponsor of the bill! 
Giving power to the states with our federal tax dollars would create unequal coverage across USA. You are talking mumbo jumbo. Bad try.
If you are mandating coverage of pre existing conditions how is that giving power to the states . Sounds like double talk to me.
Yes!!!!!!!!! Yes Trump said a thousand time!!! Evil little democrats
We don't want your bill  We want thoughtful empirica-based bipartisan REAL solution.
You are a Frickin Liar!
Did you even read your own bill? It leaves coverage for pre-existing conditions up to the states. NO protections
