
Did you notice they stopped calling this a health plan?  You know why?  It doesn't cover anything.
Give patients power by giving them fucking health insurance coverage, @BillCassidy. So tired of this fucking meaningless rhetoric.
Liar. #GrahamCassidyBill kills people. #ACASavesLives
You have yet to explain specifcs about how each facet of your bill works. We don't want an outline. The American people want details!
This radical bill is the most lethal attack on #EconomicFreedom ordinary Americans have ever faced. #Cancer #Diabetes #Asthma
Without the funding to go along with it, putting the power in the state's hands is meaningless.
@GOP: "We need to keep lining our pockets and keep our jobs."
Are you lying Bill?
9. Graham & Cassidy are going around saying that under their bill, if a state likes Obamacare, it can keep it. That's a lie.
HE IS A STONE COLD LIAR.

#KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyNO #GrahamCassidyBill #KillerBill

Power to make coverage for disabled kids ineffective and out of reach you mean???? This bill is BS and a death warrant for my child

Why would we want to give power to governors fraudulently elected after Republicans circumvented Americans' rights with gerrymandering?
Want to know what govs think? Here's what a bipartisan group of them told Senate leadership yesterday: https://governor.virginia.gov/newsroom/newsarticle?articleId=21297 ….
My Gov is @FLGovScott Last time he had this health care "power" his co paid the largest fraud settlement in US history. #federalism
Governors should not have a say in my health care.
@BillCassidy is a liar & he knows it. So Christian of him. Deplorable hypocrite.
Has he gotten to this part yet?
I'@jimmykimmmel isn't appreciating Cassidy exploiting his sick child. kImmel is about to start breathing at Cassidy.
Right. Give patients power, apparently to die quietly. Governors do not support this bill Nor do insurers.
This bill is garbage. @BillCassidy is a liar.  When Arizona had decision-making authority in Arizona, patients died.
Pricing people with pre-existing conditions out of the market, which your bill allows, is not giving them "power."
Great answer when you don't know WHAT THE EFF YOU ARE DOING!
giving patients power, u say?
Insurance is already unaffordable health care is too this does nothing2 lower cost
But then they take it away.
Minnesota Governor to Trump administration:

We trusted you and it turned into a nightmare. https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/910233358688571394 …
Individual patients don't have power - large group plans have power and U are blowing that up.  Plus you are eliminating the exchanges. BAD

What a pile of . You aren't giving patients power. Just the opposite. But then ur rich so u and ur's will get care while millions don't.
Then why not wait for a CBO score?
CBO scores showing tens of millions of Americans will lose insurance coverage has helped derail past repeal votes. R solution: vote w/o #s
Correction: You gotta strip healthcare away from MILLIONS and kill more people than 9-11 to please Koch Bros.
You are giving power to Insurances to lobby governors/leg to raise prices on *insured* who get sick! For shame! For shame !#CassidyGraham
This doesn't give anyone power but insurance companies @BillCassidy I have worked in healthcare & mental health for 2 decades & ACA
only program thats made health insurance affordable 4 everyone! @GOP only wants 2 protect insurance CEOs & not hard working Americans,
not the elderly or kids!
Don't get why think it's a good idea for people will be treated differently depending on which state they live in.
Want to empower people & their government? Let the Feds provide Medicare For All! Does Mr Cassidy not think my family is worth the money? 
@BillCassidy says you have to give Gov power, yet many GOP Govs object to GrahamCassidy as do ALL Dem Govs lol
You really want to give patients the freedom to be screwed. If you don't know that then it's tough to believe you were once a physician.
The ACA saves American lives.  Repair, strengthen and expand it!
Hey Bill, explain how making pregnancy a pre-existing condition gives women power?
What did he say when the media pressed him to explain exact how?
What do you think giving patients power means. I'd bet a million none of you do. When you do then come out to help, you aren't now
Ahhh , the @GOP , aka God Opposing Party is once again trying to kill millions of Americans. How  special
You lie with a straight face.  Kind of sad.
It's called,  "passing the buck"
Liar! You would take care from millions with this bill. Nice try, but we see through you
Thank you for saying this! He'd definitely take insurance away from millions I see rigt through thi

The insurance companies are the ones with the power.
What if the Governor does not have your best interest at heart?
Sick sick sick
Why is he, his website & office saying pre-Ex protected but that is not case? This is awful for LA!
This goes far beyond the BCRA, McConnell's bill that failed. It is the complete wiping out of protections for pre-existing conditions. https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/908718687116505090 …
Patients have power now but can not afford.  Cassidy hate his voters in his districts and wants then to die from lack of healthcare.
Cassidy works for the rich and big business, he has no interest in making this country better for the average Joe.  http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/Bill-Cassidy-412269 …
Cassidy is pure fucking scum.
No bill he sponsers is to be touched with a 10 foot poll.
Cassidy-Graham Amt. Would Cut Hundreds of Billions from Coverage Programs, Cause Millions to Lose Health Insurance.

Don't be fooled this is a full repeal and no replacement after 10 years.
so he's signing on to #MedicareForAll ?
Where do u stand on #TBTF #TBTJ #WellsFargo I'm disappointed ur name was not among the other 5 senators.
