From a Louisiana resident (me!)
Having a baby (without complications) gets me charged how much more?!
Thank you for asking these important questions!! Mr Cassidy you need to hold a town hall so we can express our concerns about your plan!!
Agreed!
Keep in mind that the majority of the people you are asking this of would take away prison healthcare if they could. (See Joe Arpaio)
#truth  It all makes me sick. We are all human and I don't want to see anyone suffer. I feel helpless.
I understand. My wife has a pre-existing/chronic condition. No one who goes though that kind of pain should have to worry about healthcare
and you are allowing them to charge so much that folks will not be able to afford healthcare. Great!

You're a liar and you need to #Resign.

SHAME.
Doesn't that mean we will have 50 different government mandating our care?
Stop lying!
Sen @BillCassidy called our reading of his health care bill on pre-existing conditions false. Here’s how we read it: http://n.pr/2fAWevD  https://twitter.com/BillCassidy/status/910316563047337984 …
DO NO HARM, Dr. Cassidy.  Have you forgotten your oath?  Here's a reminder:  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hippocratic_Oath …
Don't understand why u became a dr, as u care nothing about people in need! Hope voters get rid of u next election!
Oh boy, now the states can deny us coverage that DC was requiring we able to get! Where do I sign up? #AnybodyButCassidy2020
Health care is a national program. States don't have the experience to handle it. What happens when you move? Forces you to get a new plan?
If you had an ounce of compassion and decency you would write a better bill. WWJD?  Most likely not this bill! SHAME!
Because you don't know how the eff to do it
Yet you're hurting PATIENTS! You're NOT protecting pre-ex conditions. Why? #DoNoHarm
#AnybodyButCassidy2020
"Do no harm." Ring a bell? Tried to call your local offices - none are accepting phone calls. Please work as part of bipartisan effort.
Again I ask, why not allow states to use funds to create a single payer system?  You don't care about giving power to the stated.
Passing responsibility to choke people is not a great act.
How are the calls looking into your offices? Are they for or against your bill? If you have any morals, you'll release your call logs.
Can't wait to see that money in Rick Scotts pocket
You LIED to Jimmy Kimmell when you said u wanted every child have insurance. This bill takes it away. Disgusting!  How can you flat out lie?
Why have state run care? Diabetes, cancer and pneumonia are the same in every state.
You forgot our country's name - the UNITED STATES of America. I wish you and yours many pre-existing conditions.
Your bill is cruel. You are a liar and a fraud.
Shame on you for this bill #NoTrumpCare
Giving it to insurance cos w/power to screw just like pre ACA
Why are so many State Governors against it?  #pleaseexplain
Senator Cassidy, I did not listen to Jim Kimmel's interview but I heard that he was hot. Jim needs to look into older father's & offspring
TX has the highest maternal mortality rate in the world. You want to give the state that hates women more opportunity to kill?

So much for the @jimmykimmel test. @BillCassidy 
Right, as long as they don't try single payer.
And killing people who are sick.
Fundamentally different from Obamacare in that it shifts wealth back to the top and hurts those who need help the most. Despicable!
Smoke & mirrors taking away funding under cover that states run things better than the Feds. Still just a shift in wealth back to the top!
Your bill just shovels the responsibility to the states.  It’s still a wretched bill and poorer states, yours, will suffer greatly for it
What an elegant misrepresentation...I hope it helps you sleep at night...wouldnt want my Moms death to trouble you. #MedicareForAll
Why should health be determined by geography???

That's just fucked up!

At least Sen. Barasso isn't lying to people like @BillCassidy is https://twitter.com/ndrew_lawrence/status/910251338805760000 …

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Not true.  Minnesota did all that was asked & Feds screwed them.
Minnesota Governor to Trump administration:

We trusted you and it turned into a nightmare. https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/910233358688571394 …
Yawn. This lie is boring. Pick another
You seriously just backstabbed @jimmykimmel and everyone else who believed you. Shame
It's NOT DC, its the feds - Medicare, yes?  FIX the ACA!  I benefit!  And, because of my income, I pay to subsidize others, and happily so!
You better ask yourselves if you can live with that lie because millions of people won't.
#GrahamCassidy is fundamentally different because it denies healthcare to many rather than provide healthcare to all. Fails the Kimmel test!
