Are u talking abt how u only want the wealthy to have health care, abt how u sell out the middle class, abt how u want to let the poor die?
Fundamentally Sen Cassidy believes care goes to those who can pay.
Fewer people will be able to pay with any of the Repub plans offered.
And less people receive less services due to the order moron donnie signed last week. (After he met the president of the Virgin Islands)

Your Potus will destroy our healthcare
Welfare isn't your healthcare. It's someone else's money.
They have a right to Healthcare regardless of how much money they make. We all should have a right to Healthcare rich or poor!
No. You don't have a damn right to someone else's money. Grow up.

My point is, there are so many different circumstances so yes healthcare is a right to you and I and everyone else.
I'm sorry but I just don't believe that. Someone else's money and services aren't your right.
I'm sorry I could not make you understand my point but have a nice day. :)
I don't trust you. You don't seem to understand healthcare. Your last attempt at getting rid of HC was very BAD! No HC by @BillCassidy
He’s a liar and a total fraud. He takes his orders from his billionaire donors the Koch Brothers who are pure evil.
yea we saw your plan, would throw millions off heathcare, especially seniors, this with bad health. Pathetic
“Flexibility”- allowing states to make their own rules so insurance companies can go back to f**king people over like they used to.
Thank you for signing on to the bipartisan Alexander-Mirray bill
Women can survive breast cancer if it’s found and treated early. A mammogram can help find breast cancer early when it’s easier to treat.
He should know that. His wife was a breast surgeon.
Good interview! You are ABSOLUTLY RIGHT- the biggest threat to GOP is GOP. Just need to start GETTING THE JOB DONE!!! Ditch the FILLABUSTER!
Hi Russian troll! Russia's economy is tanking. Just showing your boss @PutinRF_Eng how you failed.
Thanks to Trump Bill, there does not look like much of a future for health care coverage that actually provides benefits. Discuss that
Oh, Bill. Is there ever a day that you don't lie? #CorporateWhore #YourLastTerm
What are you doing about children losing their healthcare? https://twitter.com/danmunro/status/919789724943843328 …
Fake Russian sponsored news.
Resign
I’m a doctor who cannot compete with ACO’s formed under the ACA. I will go bankrupt if congress doesn’t abolish ACOS & the ACA.
Make sure to mention how the president just crippled it on purpose.
I suggest u read how corrupt the ACA is & the ACOs that were formed.
Senator will you be talking about being one of the strongest supporters of the bill written by drug industry to weaken opioid enforcement?
Did @NRA Buy your Common Sense on #GunControl ?
Here are 58 Reasons to Reconsider Protecting 
#LasVegasShooting
#NeverRepublicanAgain
Bill as a senator, you've played your roll. As a Doc, do no harm. #ImpeachTrumpNow , the 25th amend, whatever. Trump needs to go. He's harm.
It is amazing how scared shitless you are to speak out against Steve Bannon. You have this politician thing down pat. Avoid the ?, spew  .
And how you broke your Hippocratic Oath when you tried to take away our healthcare with the GrahamCassidy bill
Rates will go up for cancer patients and elderly. Shifting cost to the sick & vunerable. How is this good for all Americans?Jesus would weep
You must be a happy camper seeing how the pain that is going to be inflicted on the people of this country that pay your salary. #masochist
You're lying. You're gutting the ACA affecting the poor, old, disabled and children.  Are you proud of this BS?  Asshole!
It's not just wealthy women who need mammograms. ALL women need mammograms.
This is breast cancer awareness month.  All women need mammograms.  That's an essential benefit of the ACA.
It is my feeling that it should be illegal for elected officials to blatantly sabotage lawful services.
Do you truly think this is how democracy should work? Do you think our President should be sabotaging my healthcare?

#ExtendCHIP & #KeepKidsCovered
Schmuck
You are a lying politician, which makes me wonder how often you lied to your patients, is that how lying became easy for you?
Are you talking about how GOP and Trump are working to take healthcare from the most vulnerable and give tax cuts to the ultra-rich?
Is tRump making things worse?
Unconstitutional? That's ur talking point?
Do u have a list things tRump has done that's unconstitutional?
Duck & dive questions. You are afraid to speak....
I'm guessing they got your balls...
My healthcare was expensive B4 ACA & it is more expensive now.We paid 4 uninsured &we pay for them now.Ignoring poor won't work #constituent
The elderly, the working class and children don’t really need healthcare anyway. Right Cassidy?
Laws that allow refusal of service on religous grounds basically turn Christianity into the mark of the beast. Why did you not opoose Jidal?
When someone says they are a Christian during their campaign that's when I know they will lie about anything. You and  @RepMikeJohnson liars
Reading most of these replies I would say people are already aware of your plans to throw poor people and the elderly under the bus.
The state of health care ruin you mean? Your lack of concern for the people who need help speaks volumes of the the current state of the GOP
We need 2 talk about current state & future of a criminally corrupted Government engaged in treason on its people. http://brsinv.com 
talking about how #trumpcare is disenfranchising millions of Americans?  Taking their money and leaving them less well covered?
You're unknowingly making the case for #MedicareForAll.
Can't wait, U tried to destroy it w/your  bill & because of your failure to work with Dems, POTUS signed death wish for millions Y'all SUCK
You did very well on the CNN Town Hall discussing the Cassidy/Graham HC Plan much better than ideas by the other side. I hope it works out.

You should talk about the state of the Republicans failure to offer a better healthcare plan for EVERYONE.
Be sure to let them know that a single payer system would be cheaper and that you are a health insurance shill
Trump is running it into the ground. FIX obamacare. Work with Democrats & Fix obamacare.  Majority of Americans want it!

Brookings Fellow Mark Hall walks through the failed history of Association Health Plans, including in Kentucky https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/states-have-already-tried-trumps-health-care-order-it-went-badly/2017/10/13/7b090d88-af93-11e7-a908-a3470754bbb9_story.html?utm_term=.8cdd98a2a730 …
And u will be lying to the American people. We must overthrow the abomination that is @realDonaldTrump & his corrupt regime. Revolt at polls

Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
You mean how you and the rest of the @GOP plan to further destroy it? We need universal healthcare.

Trump's decision to end these Obamacare subsidies does *not* save money. It actually increases the deficit. https://www.cbpp.org/blog/cbo-severe-harm-if-trump-halts-health-cost-sharing-payments …

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 

Whoa. Here the WH admits the exec order will  premiums,   taxpayer costs, and screw unsubsidized people with pre-existing conditions. 

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 

Trump's decision to end these Obamacare subsidies does *not* save money. It actually increases the deficit. https://www.cbpp.org/blog/cbo-severe-harm-if-trump-halts-health-cost-sharing-payments …
How dare you!
