Senator, Please reconsider
never had anyone in pres. cabinet as opposed by so many as Betsy DeVos, but she is sec. of ed. anyway! #NewNormal
keep up the good work. You will have my vote for the second time
I am from Louisiana and I disapprove of your vote. You consistently vote the party line with no regard for your people. Shame on you!
Disgusting.
Shame on you but wud not expect you as a republican 2 do the right thing
THANK YOU BILL
And I will do everything in my power in the state of Louisiana to make sure you will not return to Washington for another term.
I dont know how in the hell you could vote for Trump's nominees while he is under criminal FBI investigation. That seat was stolen anyway! 
That's a shame sir. Garland deserved a hearing.
And u are a shill
I support you and your vote 100%. He is a honest and qualified judge who will vote based on the law NOT a party line
Very disappointing. I will work as hard as I can to make sure you do not return to Washington in 2020.
have you given any thought to why @realDonaldTrump was handed #GorsuchNomination not on his list of potentials? Who's behind it
Advancing a disastrous SC pick by a man under investigation for collusion with foreign govt during elections. You and GOP are traitors to US
Are you voting to kill the filibuster, that was used at levels unheard of under Obama by @SenateMajLdr? The hypocrisy is staggering.
Good job Mr Cassidy!! You have my full support.
Unfortunately, you don't have his
Bad idea!
Republicans turning up their noses at partisan politics. Hilariously hypocritical.Shut down the govt. costing taxpayers billions. Remember?
and I am from Louisiana too.
You are bad for Louisiana and America. You are doing everything right to make sure this is the end of your political career.
Conservatism is so ingrained in DC, everything has been a fight for the last eight years.
Hard to tell considering the size of the government and national debt.
Stolen seat. Republicans will live to regret it beginning in 2020.
I hope our voters wake up before next election n keep you out of Washington. Disgrace to La
Of course you are, because you only care about your straight, cis, white, Christian constituents. Because you're bought and paid for.
Merrick Garland?
 So not surprised. Disappointed.
We expected no more of you, but do you support the partisan methods? Turnabout is fair play.
I don't think anyone's surprised you are voting as a corporate shill...that's why you ran for office right? To work for the millionaires...
Given your refusal to even consider Judge Garland, this move just exposes you as the hypocrite voters suspected you are #nolanews
I am voting your opponent.
again w/ corporations over people.People of LA over party line!How hard is it to learn where your loyalties should be?Stand up!
remember those democrats when they want a pet project bill for their district. elections have consequences.
there you go choosing Corporations over Workers. Gorsuch is NOT right for the SCOTUS. The Constitution is abt ppl, not Corps.
Vote NO to the nuclear option!
Are you voting to invoke the so-called nuclear option?
As much as I disagree with the Republican refusal to consider Judge Garland, I believe Judge Gorsuch is qualified and deserves a vote.
why are you siding with the traitorous trump? He's under investigation by the FBI. Cant confirm a lifelong seat while trump is compromised
That is a mistake and hypocritical. Plagiarism IS a big deal and doesn't bode well for the ethics of this nominee.
..murderers while they are sued instead of attending their dying child. That is shameful! He has no empathy, no heart, no compassion
As your constituent, I wish you wouldn't.
...read it. Essentially, Gorsuch is arguing FOR surgery on a severely disabled infant against his parents' wishes, essentially calling them
On the plagiarism:he's either a liar or sloppy. Neither is good. But the actual case highlighted in the example is troubling. You should...
Disappointing 
These are crocodile tears, of course. You did nothing to ensure that #MerrickGarland received a fair hearing. For shame.
You just threw special needs children under the bus.
I am voting for your opponent in 2020
Me too!
Of course you are because you are a lieutenant in the #WarOnWomen along with your pussing grabbing general
Sen @BillCassidy calls out Obums Irs Koskinen dragging out ID theft-FAKE TAX RETURN under his ss# coincidentally while running4 Office! #Cnn
#MerrickGarland
Great! He's the best of all possible options. Very qualified. But is it too late to rescind your vote on DeVos?
I really appreciate you stickin' it to @IRSnews today with a principled stance @cspan but please, use that same principal to #StopGorsuch
This is who you are voting in Senator.
Who is Henry Kissinger? and what does he want with my Constitution? #ForeverFascism 
1. When it came time to write his senior biography...he would make light of the divide between his conservative political beliefs and those

Thus ending 8 years of obstructionism.  Mighty big of you!  How's that Congressional approval rating? #MAGA #MerrickGarland #DrainTheTrump
Sad!
