Also no one from the GOP should scream obstructionism at the Dems. Your party continually puts itself above country.

You are RIDICULOUS. Your FACTS are wrong. Don't use Christ to make your point of view. Sacrilege.
70117--vote no please
70380 VOTE YES!
And you agreed to trump plan w/o knowing contents.  Pot and kettle anyone?
This tweet tells me all I need to know about you. Focused on the past, waffly position on the current proposal. You took an oath! Vote No
Vote YES!
Why should Ds support a HC bill? We have #ACA If GOP would stop sabotage problems easily fixed. Petty & wasteful to start over! @SenSchumer
#stopScrewingTheMiddleClass to justify tax cuts 4 those that benefit most from our capitalist system. #antiGOP
Did you actually read the article? I don't think the article supports your claim here.
Many of your supporters-working AM-have lost or will be losing ability to buy affordable health ins.An emergency for us, but not to Senate?

Doctors out in force for our rally to #ProtectOurCare #nola 
Make ACA better instead of this ridiculous repeal & replace. Could avoid all this drama and waste of time and resources.
After 8 years of obstruction by GOP how can you tweet this with a straight face
Why are you surprised. The Dems are all about power. Even Obamacare was about control and not HEALTHCARE.
Plz vote NO! We are watching!
The ACA has probs, but current bill isn't going to fix them! It's taking healthcare away from millions to give tax breaks to the wealthiest
You are severely MISINFORMED.
Hard-working mid Am is desperate & frustrated.As a physician u know that we need health ins because hosp is too expensive-could lose homes.
Medicare for All. We aren't going backwards. Never again. Vote NO on this bill, move us forward. Enough of LA being last in everything.
Who will pay for this FOR ALL?
Uhh, the same way the rest of the modern world pays for universal, except it's easier since we are the wealthiest country in the world.
70118 here. Not sure we read the same article...  Listen to the majority of your constituents--vote NO.  Kids and the elderly will suffer.
The MAJORITY of your constituents as you know, want you to REPEAL ACA ASAP! #MAGA
Who was backing it in your party?
Everyone plz go to @Louisiana_sos & tell Mr. Schedler not to release our voting info!
GOP won't even consider your bill. Why kvetch about Dems? GOP has a majority. No Dem will be party to bill to deny folks heath insurance.
Thank you dear!  @BillCassidy please don't be a bandwagon puppet.  You come off as your own man who actually has our best interest at heart.

Meanwhile our president is posting this on @twitter and we have no one to protect us from his lust to be a tyrant https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/881503147168071680 …
People do not want to lose their #Healthcare for @GOP #TaxCut especially when @SenateGOP negotiate behind closed doors NOT #CHEAPER #BETTER
I haven't forgotten about u, but have u forgotten about us?why haven't u said u will not vote4rep bill?btw,what do u think of DT tweets2day?
It's more important to STAY in Washington DC until you get your work done!  You know - the way the real business world works!
Trumpcare is a tax cut for billionaires, not a healthcare bill.  Millions lose healthcare & you're talking this petty nonsense?
I'm just condeming the entire GOP on their complete lack of a moral center on this issue. Though I could extend it to other areas as well.
Sir, perhaps it's because of issues like mental health parity, what should be basic services....
Louisiana cannot afford the replacement bill. We needed lower premiums, Medicaid to stay in place and credits to get healthcare. That's it!
My concern is the bill cuts Medicaid by over 800 Billion and raises premiums higher than ACA. Say no to the replacement bill.
Maybe you should worry more that Trump knows nothing about the bill he's asking you to support?
Do not support federalized American genocide by cutting healthcare...
Can't morally live with 21,000 deaths/yr because of no healthcare
Louisiana
35% jobs low wage
36% working < 200% poverty
2nd highest state depending on fed funds
10% on Medicaid
LA can't afford your bill
Maybe you can quit the blame game and cross the isle?
Didn't you read the article you cite as exhibit A?
When GOP Sens. Susan Collins of Maine and Bill Cassidy of Louisiana — who had been shopping around their own Obamacare replacement proposal
— asked centrist Democrats including Manchin, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota and Joe Donnelly of Indiana to chat about health care,
Schumer gave the moderates the green light to go ahead, as long as they stressed that complete repeal was off the table.
How dare you point fingers. Why didn't u face the disabled folks gathered outside your office today? You're an embarrassment. #NoCutsNoCaps
Boo Birds
Do your job. Do no harm. And knock it off with the partisan B.S.  Schumer isn't your problem here, Bill.
Republicans should now openly invite Democrats to work with them to FIX the healthcare system.  Hold hearings, explore options, etc!
You pouting & playing party politics. Your bill is not much better. YOUR PLAYING WITH OUR LIVES!! #voteneaux #takeastand
Try again.  Forget REPEAL, that's just political.   Work together in true bipartisan effort and draft something that is fair and works.




@BillCassidy forget about squabbling with @SenSchumer, LA's problem is the Not Better GOP bill. #FirstDoNoHarm Listen to constituents
You know what would have shown healthy bipartisanship? Working to improve the ACA. Stop pointing fingers, please.
What's your excuse for undermining the ACA and failing to say NO to heartless #wealthcare?
How about you vote no on that bullshit new bill.
PS: I read your bill, and if I were in the Senate, I would not vote for it.
You need to repair and improve what we have in place. And investigate the insurance and pharmaceutical industries. Do your job. For us.
Please quit playing party politics. Do right by Louisiana and say no to the rep bill.
La. Voted REPUBLICAN. STUPID.
If we were not giving free care to every Illegal immigrants &refugee we would have more funds, STOP FUNDING PLAN PARENTHOOD.
Did you actually read that article?He's trying to save Obamacare from repeal.He even told moderate dems to talk to repubs. What's wrong w/u?
I think you should be angrier with @SenateMajLdr who DIDN'T EVEN LET YOU IN THE ROOM & IS ON YOUR "TEAM".
Let OC die, bite the dirt,free insurance is not fair. What don't you use money tje planparenthooh has for med. clin. for ALL not just women
Why don't you put dr.That OWE students loans in these clinics funded by the defunds money we take from planparenthood. Treat ppl respectful.
I heard the idea you have of elimination of the broad range of things covered and cannot see it as an improvement over the ACA.
So you think throwing 22 million off healthcare is freedom?  How hypocritical. Your HC bill is a travesty.
That's because he is a scum bag!
Sen, the article you linked refutes your tweet. Don't fib. Schumer  allowed Manchin, Heitkamp and Donnelly to discuss your bill with you.
He has me wondering if he read the same article. Dems refusing to repeal ACA, and looking for fixes is how the senate is supposed to work.
If yall had done your job the last eight years and tweaked it to work better, instead of granndstanding, we wouldnt be here.
That's disingenuous, Senator Cassidy. I am your constituent. Zip code 70072. Vote "NO" on current R bill! It's bad for LA!
SAME HERE zip 70435 ditto
Cosigned, from 70115.
U joined the party of NO. Don't complain now about Dems.  Work to fix ACA vote no to new bill.
Wait - the article says @SenSchumer greenlit moderate Ds to meet with you about PFA? Doesn't sound like condemnation, @BillCassidy
Your Party spent 8 years doing this to President Obama and now you are Complaining?
Well, didn't Cassidy only do it for 2 years? 
And please vote NO on the BCRA Senator!
That is irrelevant! You should be repealing Obamacare. Not renaming it! If you want my vote you will do so! Tired of paying 300% premiums!
