You have made my child a second-class citizen.
Please don't start with me. My child with special needs is in danger of losing his civil rights.
I'm an expert in disability law. And yourself?
I can't even figure out what that sentence says.
why is your voice mail always full?  You sold us out on DeVos, please do right NO on Sessions
what's wrong with a union?
some unions maybe, but none I've ever encountered. I'd suggest getting involved and finding out first hand
most unions endorsed Hillary
Michigan charter schools are nothing more than big business. Michigan ranks what 49th in competency. Horrible
Republicansare in control of Michigannot Democrats.Detroit's demise was a result of globalfactors
ok prove it.
How do some of these men (Cassidy) in the repub party ever get elected? Seems insane their justifications.
bought by Betsy! You are shameful
@MSNBC @SenWarren @SenSchumer R's bias injecting of rules,when convenient is appalling.To defend them,disturbing.

KellyAnne Conway likely broke the law on national TV. What will you do? What do you stand for?@BillCassidy @CNN @wolfblitzer
shame!
bill cassidy is corrupt and the #RESISTANCE will stop your re-election.

On the floor, I read a letter that Coretta Scott King wrote in 1986 opposing @SenatorSessions's judicial nomination: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2017/01/10/read-the-letter-coretta-scott-king-wrote-opposing-sessionss-1986-federal-nomination …
On MSNBC, Sen. Bill Cassidy, Louisiana, illustrated his ignorance on racist issues. Just another racist repub
You've sold US children + your integrity. Future history books will list you in their chapter titled "corruption." #DeVos
will you discuss your "yes" vote paid for with $70k of DeVos family money? Unreal.
, DeVos family contributions to senators tasked with impartially voting on her confirmation
$70,000 Bill Cassidy's vote comes cheap. Little Marco got $98,300 for his DeVos vote.

I wasn't impressed. Maybe next time.
just saw you comments on CNN. DeVos pick will be disastrous for public education and horrible for the nation.
I'm donating bigly to anyone in the Senate who has the guts to stand up to Trump's un-American policies.
@msnbc "different chambers, different rules" are you kidding me?So do you and Sessions have a matching white sheets?
You are very well spoken. First time to hear you speak and I am impressed. Louisiana should be proud.
So being wealthy automatically entitles your children to a top notch education & all other children are just out of luck?
Where do you get this stuff???
He said it himself in his interview on @CNN yesterday
will he rip into you for choosing profit & party loyalty over children? The GOP is the greatest enemy of US
#boughtandpaidfor #DeVosvote
Devos family paid u $70,200. Thts the goin rate for education. We will get rid of u.
I hope he asks if the $70k Devos contributed to you swayed your willingness to sell out our kids. Shameful.
Wolf Blitzer is an incompetent, communist!  Who cares or listens to him?

Confessing you took $70,200 to vote for Betsy DeVos, I assume. #DirtyPolitics @BillCassidy @CNN @wolfblitzer
I hope it's to apologize for voting Betsy DeVos in as Education Secretary. You should be ashamed of yourself!
Just saw you on @CNN. Your #Congressional #healthcare package MUST also GO if you take away r #ACA. Live like us..no govt help.
Just answer one question:  Do you think DeVos qualified?  Honestly.
No thanks.  I just ate.
fake news!
speak up for SCOTUS nominee! Thnx
you're a disappointment.
Disappointed in you over your DeVos vote. Vouchers take money from public education, and she is unqualified.
you turned your back on your constituents. Remember, those teens will be voting in 1-2 yrs.
sorry my tv doesn't tune to CNN.
will you discuss whether you received a donation from DeVos and why you sold out education?
almost as bad as Rubio
You voted for money over the education and future of our children. I hope you are held accountable for this. Shameful.
you voted 4 Devos when ur constituents have been begging for No. Ur a Sen 4 LA not Trump.
so disappointed 
Will you talk about Betsy DeVos paying $70k to your campaign?
more #altfacts on patient freedom act
how can you look you Muslim physician colleagues in the eyes?
have an opinion.   Speak out for what you believe,  not what Pres Bannon wants to hear
really?   You are OK with a labor secretary creating illegal jobs?
are you holding out for more donations before you make up your mind?
Sessions was too racist towards be confirmed in the 1980s.   Stop defending racists.
you are evidence that "she used her influence and wealth"
70131
VPs have not decided a cabinet post before.   It matter. 
#altfacts
Beyond disappointing. We will remember.
To everyone upset abt this vote: Don't tweet, write to his office; don't facebook, call his office - Don't give up or give in
Party over Kids. Sad!!!!!
I bet you're excited that DeVos is getting rid of gun free zones. That should make things so much safer for our children right?
don't you need a shower after that vote?
Next your going to force Sessions on us. YOU will be held accountable for what these nominees do, that you confirm.
I am so disappointed right now. 70k. So that's how much it takes to sell out our schools.
What about lifetime limits. I hope you don't add that back in. People w/long term care needs can go through a million a month.
You still going to let the states choose between ACA & your "plan"? You said you would but I'm sure you'll change your mind.
70k is what she paid
did every republican make a deal with Satan? Quit letting people buy your votes. You r RUINING this country.
nice cowardly answers. Spineless.  Coward.
Sir:We the People now hold you accountable for voting yes on DeVos. We will remember when your term is up.
You're an embarrassment to educators in your state.
lose the silly smile Bill- we don't need choice we need improvement in Ed. She has no clue- frankly neither do u
you received 70k from @BetsyDeVos to vote for her. SHAME ON YOU, fake Christian hypocrite! Hurting our kids!
. Disgrace. You work for the people not the party! Midterms in 2 yrs.
it's suppose to be country over party not party over county. Why have republicans forgotten that? DeVos is not competent!!
"INNER SCHOOL SCHOOLS?" Oh those sound dangerous
terrible you let down American children the foundation of American education. Disgraceful
bill, youre a tool
Absolutely a disgrace! You know it just like America does! She simply bought that confirmation it's SICK!
Chicken shit.
Make sure to mention to Wolf that donation from Betsy DeVos. It was the Education Department! Seriously.

you took a bribe from DeVos.  Shame on you.
