Single Payer Now!
Thought police
I'm sorry we have different points of view on a matter of policy. I don't want to stop anyone from expressing their point of view though.
Neither do I. Respectfully, I don't think people realize what they are asking for with single payer. Individual freedom; gone.
Fair, the individual freedom argument just never rang true to me. If the trade off is a reduction in choice for universal care I'm ok w/that
Then where does it end? The gov choosing where you can shop, live, work.  Slippery slope
I don't believe the slop is as slippery as you may fear. The other developed nations with socialized medicine have avoided authoritarianism
The US should be a leader in the world, not a follower
We have already gone down the rabbit hole. But Congress gets free healthcare and benefits for life. No gov healthcare for them
Then get government OUT of medicine.
Liar.  I'm sorry for the bluntness but this is too much.
Not surprised that you don't care about anyone other then rich white mwn. PATHETIC !!!
Don't want big government then KISS. MCR for All, Basic Income Grant & free education pre k to college. This bill will kill people.
You don't want to help anyone but people like Kochs. This is about priorities not unlimited spending. Are you THAT corrupt? Or just stupid?
Stop killing my husband!!!!!
Oh, get over yourself. The fact is you're just shifting responsibility over to "big" state government.
You & your cohorts want to help poor patients all right... help them into the cemetery. #GrahamCassidyِ
You're lying. #GrahamCassidyBill kills people!!! #ACASavesLives

You must have taken the hypocritical oath on your first day at "med" school
Oh you care about spending when it's on healthcare but are fine with 80b increase for wars???
You're lying! God doesn't sleep. I'm ashamed you represent my state.
Dude, i think you're seriously underestimating the popularity of a single payer system.
@nojackla the point is to not bankrupt our nation by adding more debt than we ALREADY owe! Thats what a single payer system would do!
If that were true, pretty much every industrialized nation would be bankrupt. Japan, China, Canada, France, England, and on and on.
No you want to line your pockets w/ insurance industry money. You're lying while you have govt healthcare.
Millions of people with health insurance sounds like a pretty good fucking outcome of the ACA to me.
FAKE DOCTOR
If you really cared about costs and patient outcomes you should be looking at single payer 1/2 cost better outcomes overall for more people.
If you really want to "help patients", protect coverage for pre-ex conditions. EVERYONE, eventually, has one.
That's bunk. This will multiply government admin and hurt millions of patients.
Are you still tethered to reality cassidy?
I think people want healthcare, Bill, and they don't really care how they get it. Your bill guts healthcare out of ideology.
I think it's money, not ideology.
hey bill, any evidence for this claim considering countries w/ nationalized systems spend less % of gdp on hc and have better outcomes?
No, you want to help your donor/owners. Your bill will be bad for Louisiana! Who do you really represent?
GOP not going to stop until it rips healthcare from millions and gives tax breaks to millionaires. Unspeakable b**tards.
.not quite sure how stripping coverage and raising premiums helps patiensts, tbh
why don't you just shut the fuck up -  with lies and just give America the single finger salute-most honest thing you could do
You are a doctor and you know damn well how the system works, shame on U for wanting to intentionally inflict harm on millions of Americans
Taking away health care from 32 million & wiping out pre-ex conditions is a funny way of "helping".
No, you are playing with peoples' lives and that is NON-NEGOTIABLE!
You want to help NO ONE but yourselves. In case you haven't noticed you ARE the government. #Embarrassment
You lie
Republican party say goodbye to Washington in 2018.
All of this is false.
It doesn't take unlimited govtto provide quality healthcare
It's cheaper percapita & more equitably distributed at federal level @CMSGov
You lie in the tradition of the current president and the @GOP .Well done,liar
@BillCassidy so you're helping patients by still keeping 90% of Obamacare? We need free market reforms to healthcare! Not more of the same!
Approximately 434,000 Louisiana residents gained coverage through Medicaid expansion. Tell me how you plan to help patients? - LA Reg nurse
You're delusional if you think your bill helps patients. Either delusional or just plain mean.
Helping patients by cutting off their health care.  I think you believe this. It's still delusional.

Your bill gives States right to let insurances raise premiums on those already *enrolled* if they or their kids get sick. 
No you want to help big healthcare companies not patients. We will not be conned. #killthebill #GrahamCassidy healthcare is a right.
I think I know better than you do which policies help patients like my daughter. Your bill would decimate her access to care.
bull sh*t.  You're not fooling anyone.  You're in it for yourself and the wealthy.  (cont) http://tl.gd/no488n 
The two aren't mutually exclusive.
Senator, your bill does not pass the @jimmykimmel test.  It would NOT give that kind of healthcare to kids.  Have you read your bill?
Funny you are cutting funding so how is that helping anyone but you?
Physicians can improve patient outcomes. Focus efforts on that, not depriving sick of care to improve cost/benefit calculations.
You're lying, and I've had enough of the Republican BS on this. You don't want to help patients; you're trying - again - to screw us over.
GoodG0d!Yr plan no EHB or employer mandates,higher premiums for the sick, cuts Medicaid. Will I even live long enough to ever get Medicare?
But keep allowing Trump to keep taxpayer dollars when officials stay at Mar-a-Lago -- you are no longer the party of fiscal conservatives
@BillCassidy You are fooling no one. Your bill is a disaster
Then why are you trying to let states take vital protections away from patients with pre-existing conditions?
How are you helping Patients? Hospitals, DR's have all stated this Bill HURTS their patients massively. And CBO says it would RAISE Premiums
You are doing neither with this abomination of a proposal.  I refuse to call it a bill.
#HandsOffMyHealthcare
#FixACA
#Resistance
#Dangerous
Your license should be revoked-this bill is cruel & immoral. Americans will die prematurely and bankrupt while you shove $ into Koch pockets
You want to deny tens of millions of Americans healthcare to give rich people more money.

Stop lying, and stop trying to cause mass death.
Your plan doesn't help me. I just don't understand why you and @GOP hate me so much.
No you don't.  It's just more tax cuts for the rich and screw the poor
I'm still trying to fathom the meaning of "regardless of patient outcomes".
You and your plan are disgraceful ! Have you no regard for human life?
Freedom is being able to help your son beat #braincancer #howtheACAsavedmylife
You think robbing funds from Blue states to send to Red states & cutting benefits is gonna get passed. Over our dead bodies.
I want to help you out of office. Trust me I will.
Any patient advocacy groups agree with your assessment?
This is why you hold hearings, so you can bring in experts and they can publicly testify to the efficacy of your bill.
You want to help wealthy companies and investors, and to h3ll with patients who are poor
BS - you will take care away from millions making people poorer and sicker. You want to help corporations, not people. We know the truth...
FFS, simplify, don't screw Americans, go single payer.  Can't figure it out, copy other nations. Their rich people & coverage coexist.
Biggest HYPOCRITE in all of Washington. #KimmelTest liar. Ripping Medicaid from millions. You don’t care, because you have HC on our dime.
Well that's a bald faced lie. The only question is whether you actually believe what you're saying, or are being willfully deceptive.
Could you explain how taking away the ability to afford healthcare is helping ppl have healthcare?
Do you guys ever feel bad for all the lies you tell the public? Like do you even feel an ounce of guilt at the fact this will kill ppl?
Looking forward to seeing your constituents die at your office steps, Senator...
It's all about small government until people need help 2 clean up after a hurricane. We DESERVE decent healthcare! Clean it up too! #SaveACA
You want to help line your pockets, a $3.2B cut to Louisiana isn't helping your constituents in any way.
Massive Medicaid cuts do not help patients.
You want to help yourself.
I live in LA and it is clear that you are not voting for the people you represent. You want to take our health care away #shame
How do you and Graham prevent your human suits from decaying in public? Asking for 323.1M friends.
I kinda had a feeling you use that line a lot
Yep, I sure do because they're not acting like human beings. They're acting like monsters. Thanks for noticing.
You are going to ruin people's lives.And ruin the @GOP in the bargain.Ppl will know who to blame when they lose healthcare. YOU and ur party
The one good thing this last election did is wake people up to all the @GOP lies. Make corporations/top 2% who benefit most pay their share.
You would rather people die of curable illness/injury if they can't afford it their care. Shame on you.
Your bill does not help patients. Single-payer systems don't help "big gov", they help provide better patient outcomes at less cost.
Healthcare systems based on private for-profit insurers helps health insurance industry profits, not patients.
Not surprised, you are slashing funding that gives poor, aged, disabled and women access to health care!  #WealthCare #NoOnGrahamCassidy

Cutting essential benefits, maternity, ER, raising premiums on sick, elderly is NOT helping. Still #trumpcare no matter how you paint it.
Liar. You make the rest of the Republican liars in Congress look like honest men in comparison.
@TopherSpiro my tax dollars should help ppl receive health care, NOT pay 4 room nights at trump properties. #SaveACA
When a federal official stayed at Mar-a-Lago overnight -- presumably to visit @realdonaldtrump -- Trump charged the government $546/night. https://twitter.com/pbump/status/908730293502320640 …
Gutting Medicaid, stripping millions of coverage, ending coverage for pre existing conditions helps no one. How naive do you think we are?
You are full of shit.
Tilting against windmills helps no one.
And exactly how does this bill help anyone (excluding insurance companies)?
I don't know anyone who advocates for "unlimited" govt spending. Medicare for all would be fully funded if set up properly.
Please don't make me go thru this vote again! I have 3 kids with sp. nds/health probs. and you are going to give a heart attack or a stroke!
Patient outcome..? You mean an outcome of life over death. To be a  functioning member of a community over sick and disabled.
But your bill slashing funding that is paying *for* coverage. What happened to the Jimmy Kimmel test? Just a load of bullshit.
Blood on your filthy hands
Liar.
You do realize European countries cover everybody and spend LESS than we do, right?
Nothing about ths senior-punishing Medicaid Abolition Act aids patient outcomes. The bank balances of th ultra-rich get a  transfusion, tho.
MEDICARE 4 ALL
Not surprised you think cutting spending will be good for healthcare. Conservative answer to everything.
I hear AUS has a pretty good system! oh wait, you can't trust that guy who told us that info.  It will happen eventually, we all know it...
LIES
Elliot,Koch,insurance,medical,oil industries r your top campaign donors.Explains why you're against single payer. You make me sick.Fraud.
You want to help rich people get richer. End of story.
If you don't want to work on improving ACA, then get behind the single-payer system. Give up on creating your own bill that hurts the sick.
Your plan is to real healthcare the way you are to public service.
I don't care if gov't is big. Will happily pay more taxes for #SinglePayer
You took the Hippocratic oath.Do not impune the integrity of your constituents while you play roulette with our lives.#MedicareForAll
Ha..we r 20 trillion in debt. .when did repub senators(exceptions)...become concerned about govt spending..always have..won't shut govt down
Time to listen to your constituents. Your plan fails in ways TNTC. (Too Numerous To Count)
No you want to help the insurance companies
How are you helping if PATIENTS lose coverage under GCHJ?
You keep sucking that corporate tit .
Mr Cassidy, these comments speak for themselves. You voted in favor of #Trumpcare. You have absolutely zero credibility on the issue. #LaSen
Maybe you should talk with your constituents rather than the insurance companies. You have free health care for life - you have no clue.
How are you helping patients when you cut funding to women's health and family planning? That won't improve patient outcomes. #trustwomen
No you don't!!
Patients or the status quo of insurance and pharmaceutical profits?
Your bill will hurt many no protection on lifetime max and pre existing, premium increase by 20%. Tell us how this helps Americans,more lies
How dare you state this when Price is quietly gutting pt protections and Quality measures
I submit If you help government, patient outcomes will exceed every favorable expectation.
If you wanted to help patients you would not try to take away healthcare for many. As I have stated to you before work on bipartisan plan
Help patients by opening up the medical health care industry to free market. Stop subsidizing so called non profit hospitals
Allow over the border drug manufacturers to sell here. That alone will drive down cost of drugs. Make it easy for medical co-ops to form
Either resign from Congress or surrender your medical license. You violate your oath as a physician daily for greed & power. Shame!
EXACTLY,WELL SAID
What about people who are tired of med costs, balance billing, and extra tests to pad income?
This senator's constituents needs protection from him. He's trying to kill us by taking away healthcare. #cassidygreed
No 1 is attempting to take away hlthcare....lets face it..you're really not that bright r u?
When u take away protections you're harming patients. Ur goal is more $ for GOP tax cuts for wealthy. We need protection from you, Bill (2)
No protections for pre-existing conditions or lifetime caps. No protections for essential health care-women's health & mental health. (1)
You know countries with universal healthcare have better patient outcomes. Stop spreading propaganda.
That lobby money is hard for a politician to give up.
Senator, would you suggest that is an accurate description of Medicare?
I believe you've already shown us how much you want to help patients... #SkinnyRepeal
BTW-Are you enjoying your GOLD STAR HEALTHCARE PLAN? U know, the one THE TAXPAYERS PAY FOR!  We want Medicare for All.  Do your job Cassidy!
Regardless of patient outcomes??? Dare you say that to @SenJohnMcCain and his family.
Stop wasting our time and jerking us around Cassidy.  We want medicare for all!  Make it happen or pack up your office.
You don't want to help patients. Stop lying! Millions lose health insurance next year with your plan.  I hope it comes to an early death.
Yet another red herring. We know better, Bill. (We know access is a big factor in outcomes and quality measures. Your bill limits it.)
You care about purist "conservative" ideology, not health outcomes!  "Big gov" is your mythical bogey man, and a straw man at that.  Shame.
What is more crazy, he IS big government.
Not surprised YOU are ready to take away coverage from millions...
But... but... but... The Jimmy Kimmel test!
That was an empty feel-good comment. He's shown that he doesn't hold the plan he helped draft to this standard.
How will help LA patients -- the people for whom you work & elected you -- when it cuts over $3M from state budget?
LOSERS under Cassidy-Graham:

AK: $255M funding cut over 10 yrs
CO: $823M…
That's $ 3 BILLION over 10 years - not million. @BillCassidy only cares about the health insurance industry campaign donations - not LA!
Agh!  Thanks for correction!  Much worse!!
It's hard to fathom those numbers. It's also hard to imagine that Louisiana actually comes out among the worst states under his bill.
Yes. It's disheartening. His bill dismantles ACA protections for all w/private ins, including annual caps & lifetime limits.
One yr of my cancer treatment was $398k. 1 chemo=$63k. Caps & limits hurt all. Disgusted.
#MedicareForAll Now!
Senator, Please what’s the CBO score on your plan?
He don't know and don't wanna know because he does know it will take away healthcare for millions. He is a quake Doc hurting the sick needy
