I appreciate Senators Graham and Cassidy continuing to work on a plan to pass the Senate. I’ll take federalism over Obamacare any day.
Basically both of your positions on this bill is .."Alex, I'll take tax breaks for the rich over letting people die to save my job in 2018."
Lying & doing the opposite of what you said on Jimmy Kimmel does just that. Abuse of our trust will haunt you. We’ll take the power back.
There are human lives at stake. You are cruel and a liar.
States are incompetent. Can't administer this particularly red ones.  And will be biased
No. You and your fellow Republicans want the sick, elderly and infirm to die. YOU ARE THE DEATH PANELS!
Really?  What about the amendment to prevent states (and their rights) to have a single-payer system? Only return the power you like?
Stop letting companies profit off of something that is not meant for an insurance model. Why is it not that simple to you greedy cucks? $$$$
Then why not allow states to use the funds to create single payer. You're full of it.
Bc you don't know how the eff to do it!!!
State boundaries and govt. shouldn't dictate quality of  health care!
Wait for the CBO review then. What's the rush? Oh yeah, you don't want anyone to see how you're screwing them until it's done.
Paul Ryan is an idiot
The UNITED States of America, one nation, if you want to have 50+ sovereign states you can move to Europe.
Then you'd be wrong. Healthcare should not be administered by the states. It is a fed responsibility to provide healthcare for the people!
It will be interesting to see if the people in your state agree with you after the smoke clears and your uninsured rates go up, again.
Sure create more bureaucracy not less.
You want universal support to repeal Obamacare?  Come up with a single payer plan.  Medicare works....make it available to everyone!
States rights omg!!! Knock it off senator.  Federal government is useful in managing large projects like national healthcare. States aren’t
Don't return the power back to the States. Illinois doesn't need more money to mismanage. SAVE OBAMACARE!
Your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Who the hell are you ? Jesus you think you matter
Unless they are female patients. They need to be told what to do.

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Lies.  Minnesota tried to do what this admin advised & got stabbed in the back.  Shame.
Minnesota Governor to Trump administration:

We trusted you and it turned into a nightmare. https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/910233358688571394 …
By sticking your bill where the sun don't shine (proctologists not covered btw)
@GOP: "We need to keep lining our pockets and keep our jobs."
That sounds like power to your party, not power to the people. 
There is nothing that empowers patients in this hot mess of a bill. Only a guarantee Koch bros. will write the @gop a fat check.
Are you referring to the 30+ million patients who will lose access to healthcare? Particularly sick, elderly, and people w/ disabilities?
DO YOU AND AYN, ER @SpeakerRyan EVEN KNOW THE DEFINITION OF FEDERALISM???
Pure hypocrisy. Louisiana will have the "power" to watch the sick die in poverty. Why don't you care about your people?
Killing the Medicaid expansion? Block grants? Capping coverage for the most vulnerable? Cancer patients are allowed to die. This is power?
Power is the ability to do something, not the permission. I'm *allowed* to spend $10 million on my healthcare! Gee. Thanks.
The way you twist your words in an attempt to trick your voters is a sin.
U took an oath to do no harm, what happened?
We all have seen over last 30 years how poorly that worked, but hey, let's go back to it!
@SpeakerRyan You worship a false god of federalism. Why run for Congress if you despise national government so much? Patients will die.
@SpeakerRyan Your federalism is a death sentence to millions of your people. You are an evil bitter man. Government is of the people.

Top Louisiana health official rips Louisiana Republican: Your ObamaCare repeal bill hurts our state http://hill.cm/F2PMOFt  
All those patients who will no longer be able to afford insurance of care?  Stop pretending you care, you are terrible at it. #MoreGOPlies
What we NEED is a senator from Louisiana with a moral compass.
In other words kill millions of Americans and refer to it as a "state issue."
Individuals can't do much on their own - you need to be in a group plan and the bigger the better - you are blowing that up


Remember when you pretended to care about Jimmy Kimmel's kid
Unless the patients hv prexstg conditions. When they can't pay premiums & bills, they can feel better knowing conservatism has been served.
Why is it always states right unless you don't agree then it should be under federal control?

You're a liar.
I want your PROMISE that my son, who has a congenital heart defect, will be able to find AFFORDABLE  health care.
LA is so financially screwed up & corrupt.Our politicians continuously make poor decisions on behalf of their constituents.
I'm a patient who is alive because of #Medicaid. Senator, could you tell me why your bill guts #Medicaid?
I believe the Civil War decided the argument over federal vs. states rights. Americans deserve national health coverage that's affordable.
Restoring Pre existing conditions discrimination doesnt return power to patients.  It punishes people financially for their circumstances
this kind of public policy would *encourage* abortions of disabled babies
Return the power to your rich donor's pocketbooks. Is this your calling in life, Bill?
No we don't. Your fantasy world is just that. Get serious, please.
You want to take the power away from patients by limiting heath choices based on ability to pay. Shame on you. This is deathcare.
Sad redistribution scheme to punish states who worked with ACA and guess what-  FOLKS GOT HEALTHCARE .
Why no bipartisan approach to the bill?
Well, Mr. Cassidy, don't wait... I wrote you one onth ago, just use that plan as a 'complimantory' plan. 2-3% on goods and services could>
It does not pass the Jimmy Kimmel test. Caps, no coverage of pre-x conds, leaves millions uninsured. U nd 2 partner w/ dems.
Turn the power back to white men only!!!
Oh, and don't forget the biggest power winner, the insurance companies
How on God's green earth do you think Louisiana would do a good job with healthcare?
People with pre existing conditions have NO protection..,let them die? I'm one of those people and your constituent!
We've seen what states do with block grants. This is a continuation of the GOP war on the poor.
Stop this does not represent the majority of American Leave our government. May God remove you from being able to cause harm to Americans.
No, you are ensuring chaos, expecting each state to develop their own exchanges. You are a newbie fool.
CBO SCORE???
With respect Sen - I'm your constituent & would love to know your plan for LA citizens to find adequate care with even less resources?
Still mad about § 1312 of the ACA, huh?
Did that FEHB publicly funded health care go away?
That "socialized medicine"?
Aww.
#MedicareForAll
Stop lying!
@SpeakerRyan you need to stop tanking the healthcare of your most vulnerable constituents
You do know you're from LA? Don't you? Fed $ has been propping LA up for decades.
No. Really. You will just ruin the healthcare system. You are no Dr.
Power but no heathcare you can afford - they are lying to voters #FactsMatter
LA uninsured rate is at the lowest level in history. This plan will reverse that. What ever happened to "must pass the Kimmel Test"?
What sort of work goes into passing the problem on to the states.
You know how to do that?  Remove profit motive with a single payer option
I want my healthcare to cover pre-existing conditions. Also cost the same for me as for  a 23 year old male.

"Return power back" by repealing ACA & passing law: "There shall be free healthcare markets." US down to 17 on @Heritage freedom ranking.
Repeal ACA, then
no & that's a lie.
Hard to do if you lose your care, you hypocrite
No, because I don't trust your state and others to do right by their citizens.
This is just a bad plan, no matter how much you talk about states rights. Your own state loses money on this. Terrible plan.
selling your constituents out ... disgusting.

In case you failed history, the States no longer have representatives in DC. Popularism ended that. So good luck duping people to support it
Block grants dont work. The State runs out of money and then there is no help for the sick.
You have to be happy that people will die thanks to this... am I right?  That's got to have you just tickled!
As a resident of LA, I'm ashamed to have my senator come up with something like this. Work with Ds on Obamacare, not against them
When will you realize that you are completely incorrect. Everything you propose will never in a million years give power back to patients
Your bill is a death sentence for millions of Americans. You're not pro-life
We need fewer people dying because they're poor. We need lower infant mortality rates. We need equality when it comes to treatment. We need
Single Payer Now!
We need everyone to have access to affordable health care. Medicare for all.
Yeah, right. By screwing over people with pre-existing conditions? So much for patient "power." States will get the waivers to screw us.
Your plan returns power back to Insurance companies.
"Flexibility" is code for wealthy win, poor suffer. Put your ego aside and drop this bullshit
Why can't any of the Reps be honest about what they're doing?
Lobbyists & Lawmakers made the State Capitol into the biggest gambling casino the  has ever seen. #Senate #Congress gain & taxpayers lose.
Agree!
What about BIG PHARMA?
Break them up?
Stop accepting their lobbying ?
Restore Senate to it's orig purpose & kick lobbyists out!
Our state is corrupt!!
By taking away protections for preexisting conditions? No thanks. Work on a bipartisan bill or universal healthcare. #ProtectOurCare
Your offer of states"choosing"Ocare is a bastardization of federalism, Hop-Along Cassidy & @SpeakerRyan
Govt does not belong in healthcare!
R U Informed?
U R sighting an OPINION 2ask if I'm informed! Study Constitution-read the bill-learn ab federalism &quit being a #Marxist #usefulidiot #maga

I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 

You people are the real ill ones. Creating demons for your electorate to hate while you rob them blind and incite violence.
No, you need to provide good insurance for people.  People need insurance, not power, not choice.
What power???  This is a farcical argument.

Why are you hurting pre-ex patients? You just want to give T a win. #DoNoHarm this will hurt LA!
Want your state to let insurers charge ↑ premiums for ppl w/ pre-ex conditions? Cassidy-Graham would let them. Here's what could be waived: 
I will absolutely support Repeal and Replace ObamaCare bill. Any bill that will have votes to pass. This year. Tatiana cc: @POTUS
GOP must not stop trying to Repeal ObamaCare! Every Republican promised this campaigning last year! Every single one! Cc: @SpeakerRyan
@SenateMajLdr try again and again and again!
@RandPaul pl not be Difficult! There is NO perfect bill out there! Premiums are ski rocketing. Something must get done!
Nope
