
Really?  I've NEVER had to pay to add those things.  Are you high?
She's a bot. Look at her username.
A hospital dream? Oh and it's nosocomial.  You're welcome. Weirdo.
You...don't function well in normal society, do you?
Government needs to get out of health care business
They aren't. The ACA is a law that protects consumers from insurance companies. It isn't and never was health care.
Well the Obamacare hasn't protected me. My insurance went from good to crap in a few short years.
Bc instead of bolstering it & making it stronger, the R Party has explicitly worked to sabotage it at our expense.
Your so far up Obama's behind come out for air
I didn't say his name, not once. Your bias is showing. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
You didn't get I'm done,left doesn't catch on very quickly
Have a great day!
Bullshit.

You have a responsibility to do better and REPEAL O'care first, then create a FREE MARKET solution.
.@BillCassidy: "If somebody votes against our bill they're voting for ObamaCare." 
Yes, they are!
A vote AGAINST Graham-Cassidy saves lives. Hard to believe Senator Cassidy was an MD. He took the "Hippocrits Oath" vs the Hippocratic Oath
I'd vote for Obamacare a million times over. Your plan is for JUST the rich!
https://www.facebook.com/rpatino2/posts/10103042584238752 …
Caps should only be on premiums.  Caps on coverage are immoral.
@lajacks13 again bullying by false advertising. It's Y voters don't trust Congress.
So... what's your point? Ocare needs tweaking not a bucket of wet cement poured on it.
Yes, they're voting to keep the protections of the ACA in place.  Your bill strips people of the care they need so insurers prosper.  #shame
No chit, Cherlock! lol
Voting to update Obama Care is not a bad thing. It's reality. Please stop political games with real peoples' lives!
I never thought we'd be considering going back to the bad old days of health insurance.  Caps, Denial of coverage, Age Discrimination, Fear
Good. The people voting for Obamacare will remain in office & not go down in infamy.
This bill takes healthcare from 1.75 million Veterans. The Republicans flag waving patriotic BS it's just that
@GOP
Look at who is against it. All the entities that understand and deal with insurance issues ARE against it. The ACA is far better.
They have the right to say No to a deathcare. Swallow your ego fix the existing health insurance bill.
no they are voting for the 31 million who lose coverage
How about a bill that has the same coverage as politicians. We Americans should demand this. Start voting out these elitists....
Exactly. They're fine with selling us out to the Koch brothers because they'll never have to worry
I'm sure Kimmel will have a hard time paying for his medical  care not
#FIRSTDONOHARM
The fact that Cassidy felt compelled to resort to a false dichotomy fallacy only tells me he's not confident his bill stands on its merits.
YES YES YES they ARE. Obamacare over death. That is what they are voting for. Now can you do some real work of FIXING Obamacare?????
@RNC @RandPaul @John McCain
It's not a perfect bill but none are but it's a good baby step.
What Graham-Cassidy will do to people with pre-existing conditions, an issue long thought untouchable, is simply reprehensible.
If your POS bill is worse for America and Americans than then someone (everyone) SHOULD vote to keep Obamacare. 1st do no harm.
This clown @BillCassidy obviously got his MD from Trump U.
Fox, does this make your news for the day? Probably not. You are too focused on antifa and Nazis are in the street.
This is called fear mongering. Something a lesser uneducated man would use! And he's a doctor? Really?
Senator Cassidy received his medical degree from Trump University.
You mean the ACA, the law that finally stopped insurers from rejecting me for a pre-existing condition?
Me too..saved my life. Had cancer for 6 mo w no treatment or pain meds b4 ACA..excruciating 
JImmy Kimmel is right, Cassidy is lying! Sen John Kennedy can't explain why he is supporting Graham-Cassidy.
Bill you truly DON'T understand ins do you??. States that don't demand good coverage will lose businesses/their economy will suffer. FYI.
IF you cared about your state you would work with Dems to improve the ACA. It's better for the economy and for businesses.
This bill has *Nothing* to do with healthcare. Everything to do with Koch Brothers Cash.
Yes I know. The Koch brothers are extremists with far-RW ideas/goals that are NOT in the USA's best interests.
If someone votes against your bill, they're voting to protect American's health care coverage!
If you can afford coverage
Thanks to the ACA my premiums dropped in 2015 & 2016, first drop in 35 years!
Mine has increased both premiums and deductibles
Damn straight 
Yeah your Sh*t bill is worse than your sabotaged version of Obamacare.
No... If the vote against your death bill they will be saving millions of lives! If u get it passed make sure u have another job lined up!
And any doctor who would propose such a bill is in violation of their Hippocratic Oath.
Saying an untruth is the truth doesn't make it so.
You mean for fix it  Obama care.
Even Blue Cross says this bill will harm people with pre-existing conditions.
False equivalency. Voting for your bill will literally KILL Americans who will be charged more for pre-existing conditions they can't afford
NO...they will be voting to come up with a bipartisan bill that makes some sense. Obamacare was doing fine until Trump was elected.
Yup. We want Obamacare. We want it to be fixed. We don't want scams to replace it, such as your atrocity of a bill.

BS. Murray & Alexander have a far superior bipartisan bill they r working on
Disingenuous. A vote against this bill is a vote to not intentionally make things worse, not necessarily for ObamaCare.
Well, yeah! We have insurance under ACA & like being able to see doctors 4 care. Your bill will strip my insurance & leave me w/o healthcare
Voting something down, just because the other party enacted it, is childish. Does this mean Obama should not have been forced into war?
Bundle it with GROUP buying bill
I hope they all vote for ACA.  MUCH better than Graham-Cassidy, which totally fails the KImmel test.  #STOPYOURLYING
Obamacare has helped millions,Trumpcare will hurt Millions.
Any Senator who loves this country and cares about making it better SHOULD be voting for ObamaCare.  All Americans should have health care.
I think most Americans would make that choice right now.
But GOP is focused on protecting people's access to healthcare not undoing Obama's policies right? #BIGPICTURE #Isthatreallyyourmessage

No they are voting against your lies
AMEN, IT IS MUCH BETTER OPTION THAN THE #GRAHAMCASSIDY CATASTROPHE. THIS IS NOT POLITICS, IT IS HEALTHCARE FOR ALL.
They are voting to save people's lives. You have to get passed this us vs. them Washington mentality.

Jimmy Kimmel: Sen. Cassidy "either doesn’t understand his own bill or he lied to me" https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/21/16344070/jimmy-kimmel-health-care-graham-cassidy-response?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
You mean the ACA which covered 20 million plus in 2017?

Deplorable 
Liar, liar, pants on fire. Oh, I'd love to see that!
Anyone who votes for this bill is voting to cancel protections for people with pre-existing conditions & to let Ins cos bleed Americans dry.
Good! Your bill proves the point that the GOP is NOT pro-life.
If someone votes FOR your bill they're voting for DEATH. HOW the hell do you expect ppl to pay surcharges?
How does a seriously ill person pay this kind of "surcharge" to maintain coverage? #GrahamCassidy defies logic. Patients will die. 
Bull-fucking-shit. Just another piece of trash legislation that in the long run will do no better than Obamacrap care..
If you pass this the Aca is here to stay
What medical experts have you consulted? Why are u ignoring Sen health committee who's working w/experts for a better health plan?
I met my $6200 deductible this year mostly due to an expensive drug I must take to keep me in remission. Your plan does NOTHING to reduce RX
No. They are just wanting a much better healthcare system. Yours is significantly worse than even Obamacare. You shouldn’t deceive people!
A healthy nation is a productive nation! Nuff said you MONSTERS.
If you let people w/ preexisting conditions die from lack of healthcare, that will lower med costs. Is that your plan?
Spouting propaganda & using really manipulative language to try and bully people into voting for your horrible bill that will kill millions.
Listen & then read this to get the facts.
@BillCassidy is all over TV grossly misrepresenting impacts of #GrahamCassidy…
The ACA that has reduced mortality/morbidity totals in my EMS districts. Dr Death Cassidy wants us to die n languish in debt instd of ACA!
Or just trying to get you to put forth a Workable bill for all Americans

Yes.
By Obamacare you mean, mental health coverage, prenatal coverage, no preex or lifetime cap? Going to bet ya'll kept coverage for viagara
Better than voting for your own death or premiums for the sick and disabled.
Fix #Obamacare don't replace it--your bill will kill and harm millions.
Obamacare any day over this pile of shit. F/U bill Cassidy and lying Graham.
Or for good insurance. Same thing ya know.
And that is literally not a reason to support it.
oh noes, voting for health coverage for 32 million more! how could they?
If someone votes against this bill it's because it is awful and you blatantly lied about it. Shameful. U r the reason people don't trust DC
If @senjohnkennedy votes for it he will be voted out of office just like you Billy.
Shame on you Senator! That's a bullies tactic. Health care replacement must be effective and respect @taxpayers ! Not more of the same.
Stop trying to break "Obama"care more. Fix the things in ACA that are under performing. Stop sledgehammering load bearing walls.
It's a flat-out lie. AMA, AHA, AARP, Blue Cross all called you out.
Knuckle head Obamacare is already the law ! No one is voting for it. Fix the flaws.Not take it from all of us and give it 2your donor base !
You're a Liar. You're another reason, another example of why Americans hate politicians. #hypocrite #bully
Problem is, the facts simply don't support your position. You are lying to America. #sad
5 big lies Sen. Cassidy told about his health bill AFTER Jimmy Kimmel called him a liar https://goo.gl/VsZi65 
That's the best you've got?
Yay #Obamacare!!! Yes! Fox is right about something FOR ONCE!
Not the talking point. You're supposed to scare us with universal health care. And that would be great! I'll settle for Ocare though.
Its amazing this creepy fuck is a doctor
Does it pass the Kimmel test Billy wanted?  #Nope
Apparently, so-called Dr. @BillCassidy has forgotten the Hippocratic Oath, in favor of the Trump Loyalty Oath.
Really is your bill that bad this is your best argument for it?
That's how you twist an arm. Excellent politician manipulation homie
#fakenews #liars
Fix ACA

JUST RELEASED: 32 million to lose coverage under Graham-Cassidy ACA repeal.

http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/blog/2017/sep/potential-effects-of-graham-cassidy …
Lying Bill Cassidy,Lindsey Graham,Fox News, all lie to Americans about covering pre-existing conditions. GOP kills yer health coverage.LIARS
Repeal the Nightmare !!!!!!! Now
This is really what it is about isn't it?  Undoing what President Obama accomplished?  You all do not really care who lives or dies.
No. If they vote against your bill, they're voting FOR sanity & decency and voting against de-evolution, cruelty, thoughtlessness & greed.
Some of us really like ObamaCare!!
Shame on you @BillCassidy . You're one of the bad guys after all
Or their constituents. Or Americans.
If you read the bill, you know "Dr." Cassidy is lying or a damn fool- as to Faux Noise, same old same old!
.
Or their voting for those with pre existing conditions, women,the poor, and children.
You don't know what's in your own bill!
Please!
Cassidy is an idiot. He is American Hitler!!!!!!
Lies lies lies yeah (They're gonna get you)
Lies lies lies yeah (They won't forget you)
Lies lies lies yeah (They're gonna get you)
Which would not be a bad thing. Your bill, however, is a garish, cruel piece of garbage opposed by consumers, doctors, and insurers.
Yeah but do you want to keep Obama care or vote for whatever trump made... I'll take Obama thank you very much
Bill:  Just saw Kimmel. He hurt you, dog. Your own fault for lying your ass off, but he hurt you. It's only gonna get worse, Bubba.

God Bless the Morally Courageous Senators who Vote NO....for US!!!
YES &  FOR:
-LIFE
-HEALTHCARE FOR MILLIONS
-NOT BANKRUPTING PEOPLE W/HIGH MEDICAL BILLS
-PRENATAL & MATERNITY CARE
VOTE NO #GrahamCassidy
Nice GW tactics. Your either with us, or against us. There is no grey.
If somebody votes against your bill they're voting for HEALTHCARE!
@RoyBlunt Every few months we're here. It's exhausting! But I'm not too tired to say NO on #GrahamCassidy. PLZ listen. The ppl have said NO!
lol the @gop spinsters at work

#cult45 fools - if it says "obama" = bad

so make sure our #KochBros suckoff is something anti
You should be ashamed of yourself, I think we the people should revamp your healthcare, and your wages, you deserve no more than 25,000 a yr
They are voting against this
VOTE IT DOWN!! Cassidy a fucking lair!!
Bill,you did lie. This horrific bill doesn't pass your test. WTH happened to you in last 2mos?  MD? NO! Compassion? NO
They are voting against 32M losing healthcare. They are voting against your death sentence. Higher premiums. 
How does it feel to be so hated?
Tell that to uber liberal Rand Paul.
#YouSuck
Liar
Bald face liar. Liar. Liar. How can you live with yourself?
That's bullshit and you know it!!! LIAR!!!

Good #ACA Insured Millions And Saved Lives! #TrumpCare Will Kill Millions &That's Better!?
Yes! Yes they are!
Yes because that is better
Says the wealthy white privileged bigot. You're doing your best to screw the country. All you want are tax cuts for the wealthy.
That Already Includes McCain The Democrat In Disguise !!
Fox News white supremacists station
Bill Cassidy is a liar and racist who just hates a black man who finally got some healthcare legalized . Louisiana will lose 2 million .
Just think scumbag, one guy loses his daughter cause of ur bill and guess what??  Hehehe good luck w/ that scumbag!!
GOOD. Your bill will make me unable to afford insulin. You telling people that your bill is helpful for Healthcare is a blatant lie.
Or they are voting to allow their constituents to get affordable health care which your bill will not do.
Bill Cassidy Responds To Jimmy Kimmel By Doubling Down On The  Dishonesty.  https://www.yahoo.com/news/bill-cassidy-responds-jimmy-kimmel-154345319.html …   #GETRIDOFLYINGPOLITICIANS
Yeah, if u don't f*ck over millions of people with this and tax reform u won't get the $400 million the Koch's are holding over your heads.
You bill sucks Cassidy. My mother has Parkinson's and you are just going to give insurance companies the ok to stop covering her. Bullshit.
Good.
EXACTLY. Something that protects the American people rather than kills them.

Sen. Rand Paul says Graham-Cassidy is "a really crappy bill ... not even anywhere near good." Audio here soon: http://www.npr.org/2017/09/20/552418263/sen-rand-paul-says-he-wont-vote-for-latest-affordable-care-act-replacement-bill?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=npr&utm_term=nprnews&utm_content=20170920 …
How much will it cost to repeal and replace and how much to fix it?
