
what about the rest of the country? You guys just pick and choose in SECRET
THAT IS A FREAKING STRAIGHT OUT LIE! MISSOURI WILL NOT! REPUBLICANS JUST KEEP LYING AND LYING. I THOUGHT JUST OUR PRESIDENT DID. SHAME!
Stop lying!
Sen @BillCassidy called our reading of his health care bill on pre-existing conditions false. Here’s how we read it: http://n.pr/2fAWevD  https://twitter.com/BillCassidy/status/910316563047337984 …
Please PASS This Bill! We Will Have To Drop Our Insurance Next Year If Not!
So, which states lose?
Yeah right. That is why all the hospital & med associations are against it. Bill, you spew so much rhetoric it's like bad diarrhea!
Those states opted not to expand Medicaid. *Laugh* Your bill is garbage.
We don't believe you. Let's see a full CBO score first.
NEW: Graham-Cassidy's federal funding cuts BY STATE in 2026 (in millions) 
Source: CBPP http://cbpp.org/research/healt …
Blue states get screwed over big time!
Bill, baby, ALL 50 States conclusively denied your argument. 
Go BACK to being an MD, say GOODBYE to Politics

For EVER. No RE-ELECTION.
Wondering when your next appearance on J Kimmel to explain the lies.  Set a date yet?
Want to mention how your proposal will Screw Over other states!!! #shameful
#Cassidycare #Theres no coverage #not4mothersnot #4babies #not4 the #ill #the dying #mentally ill or the poor #Why not call it #SLAVECARE
you're lying about the bill.  Millions will lose coverage -and die - because of your (cont) http://tl.gd/no4iar 
Hospital groups & the AMA came out against your bill. #GrahamCassidy
That's because the RWNJ governors and legislatures in those states rejected expanded Medicaid. We're not as stupid as you are, Billy.
If the goal of Republicans is to misrepresent to the point of societal implosion... GOLD STAR for you. What a despicable human.
Because their gov’s chose not to expand Medicare.
A liar just like your hero. Your daddy. Two liars.
It is there own fault they opted out of expansion under the ACA,tough is my opinion the repubs did not want to help there people at home
Call it what it is! #You voted for an alt-right Nazi leader @realDonaldTrump #So you get more money! the #dissidents with greater get -0-
Terrible #GrahamCassidy DEATH CARE!
We need Sanders MEDICARE FOR ALL bill that would give US true healthcare!

@realDonaldTrump
I don't live in those states. Why should I care?

Resign
Where's Illinois? Oh right, we're a "blue" state so we don't count, right?
Do you even remember the Hippocratic Oath. "First do no harm". Your BS bill is harmful. You should lose your license immediately.
The plan sucks. You know it.
Obviously you didn't see the NEGATIVE sign in front of the billions of dollars TN will lose. #GrahamCassidyNO
Why do I (in a blue state) have to continually support red states who give me shit? If you want us to support you, stop screwing us.
2018 won't be kind to #trumpcare supporters
This is a lie
Not true. Not true at all. Wait for proper process and CBO. Listen to the ppl. Dont think you are going back Kimmel's show. YOU LIE!
I can't say it any better than this:
More BS
Liar
LIAR
Your RADICAL bill is the most lethal attack on #EconomicFreedom hard working Americans have faced.
Hospitals will close when they lose Medicaid funds. You can't take that much money out of health care system & expect hospitals to survive.
my dr told me 2day if this oasses I WILL not get the health care I need ..thank you !!!
oops meant if this PASSES I will not get the health care I need .. so thank you ass wipe
Red states whose govs said no to ACA funding.
You're welcome.

Love,
California taxpayers 
(Those coastal liberal elites)
Disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC #GrahamCassidy too? Let them know it call 
(202) 224-3121 #Shame
#Lies #Liar #Shame
That means hospitals in the other 40 States are fucked, right?
WHAT ABOUT LOUISIANA? REMEMBER US??? THE STATE YOU SUPPOSEDLY REPRESENT. BTW IN CASE YOU DIDN'T KNOW THERE'S A CITY NOLA THERE -TRY VISITING
Since you've sabotaged #ACA I wouldn't doubt it. The People will sue you for it

https://www.facebook.com/jimmykimmel/videos/1977414852535607/ …
Looks like some states are going to loose money.  Why?
Bullshit.
liar
You're a liar and you should be ashamed!  This does not do what you said it will protect ppl with preexisting conditions! The Kimmel test?!!

Why Cassidy would screw over his own state on healthcare, explained... https://twitter.com/eugeniastonecr1/status/909955055700316161 …
And what about LA?
Not even trying to dispute that funds from LA will go to other states.  SMH.
Losers of Graham-Cassidy ACA replacement include Alaska, Maine and Arizona--home of the 3 senators who killed BCRA.

https://twitter.com/sahilkapur/status/909762601286062081 …
Where exactly is Louisiana, the state that elected you, on this list?  Hmmm.

Old enough to remember when @SenateGOP promised they wouldn't take health care away from a sick child. #GrahamCassidy https://twitter.com/jimmykimmel/status/909872706828386305 …
And where will they get that support from?  Louisiana will lose millions in healthcare funding that will be redistributed.  Shame.

My letter to @BillCassidy explaining how his bill uniquely and disproportionally hurts his home state of Louisiana. 


Top Louisiana health official rips Louisiana Republican: Your ObamaCare repeal bill hurts our state http://hill.cm/F2PMOFt  
BS. These guys just want the good old days to end.
Oh, like Cassidy can actually read & understand numbers. Don't think so. No senator has done less for his state than Cassidy, the hater.
Go sell you snake oil somewhere else.
Dear Senators: VOTE YOUR CONSCIENCE on this ramrod bill !!!
We have 50 states, Senator.  And the rest will be screwed. But you choose not to tweet about that.
It will not help.?
,but how many more people will go uncovered? How many more people will die prematurely as a result of your vicious bill? That's what matters

How is this supposed to help the working class?  This creates chaos at the state level and eliminated competition on the exchanges. Stupid

These two senators want to remove your medical pre-existing condition protections @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC
#GrahamCassidy would price gouge older Americans with an age tax, decrease coverage, and undermine pre-existing condition protections.
What about the other 40 states?
That is only because those states chose not to expand Nedicaid under ACA. They chose to screw their working poor, why reward bad behavior ?
Then why are they not supporting THIS???
I live in your district. I'm 63, and like many people my age, I have preexisting conditions. This bill will devastate us. #GrahamCassidy
Let it be scored.
CBO scores showing tens of millions of Americans will lose insurance coverage has helped derail past repeal votes. R solution: vote w/o #s
Bcuz YOU'RE HELPING TRUMP SABOTAGE THE #ACA. Thats disgusting behavior. What is wrong with u to be so full of hate? #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Sure would be nice to have affordable preventive care instead of crushing emergency rooms.
Thanks to money "generously donated" by blue states. And we'll need those hospitals for emergency care when no one can afford premiums.
And far less than under ACA. Cassidy is playing fast and loose with the truth. Or is he just uninformed? Or in the pocket of billionaires? x
Now say what happens in NY, NJ, California and other democratic states. You damnable fraud.

You know that LA is an expansion state, and your hill will devastate your own essential hospitals, right? Pathetic.
By cutting massive amounts of funding in other states to do it. Your bill is a sham.
Just about every state loses significant funds. You're buying votes. Pure evil. How can you do this to people?
Paid by whom? Shame on you!
SINGLE PAYER!!!
What about Louisiana? You know, the state you were elected to represent?

And essential hospitals in CA and NY will lose support under this piece of crap. Furthermore, if the states you name would expand Medicaid
It's constituents wouldn't be suffering and premiums would be lower. A public option would fix the problems red states encounter.

You are a charlatan and a snake oil salesman. You KNOW people will be denied coverage and you're ok with it. So much for pro-life morality.
Shut down those hospitals that serve poors!!!  White power!!!!
...by robbing states that expanded medicaid 
What happens in MA?
That is cuz those states did not expand Medicaid. What happens to hospitals in CA, NY, NJ, PA, FL, etc?  They get royally SCREWED!
Liar.
And the other 41 states? You decimate Louisiana who U represent. Why do you hate your constituents? Are U already looking at another office
And about those pre existing conditions? I kind of doctor are you?
States which didn't expand medicaid will see gains, and states which did will see cuts. Govs could also expand medicaid under current law
GOP doesn'tknow how to create a better healthcare system than ACA. This is NOT an IMPROVEMENT ON# of people covered or costs. Millions lose.
Yes, by stealing funding from blue states that expanded Medicaid and also contribute the most in federal funding.
By stealing funding from states like MA that insured rate to 98%.Punishing blue states & giving to those that didn't expand Medicaid
Where is Louisiana?
Nice job Cassidy the state you represent loses. Please explain to La what it means being elected to represent the people of La. Your not
#GrahamCassidy removes all preexisting conditions (employer plans too). 

Get sick = Die

or crazy high premiums.
There lies the exorbitant cost for health care, the subsidizing of hospitals. Subsidation inflates costs across the board
Your plan sucks!!!
Don't you represent LA?
Trump and big money are his supporters
Let's see how the CBO score goes along with AMA and AHA review. And MSM investigation reveals. Then I determine what you say is true. Thanks
Doubt it
How do corporate tax breaks give more support than the "status quo", exactly?
While we're at it, #WhereWillMyFICAGo once Republicans continue to sabotage the Social Security system?
