I heard you try to tell someone this bill is like the Kimmel plan. It is not. You are a doc, and I am a voter
He votes yes, we'll vote no.
Please don't vote for this bill!  It's not ready it needs lots of work. George Bain New Orleans
On wolf blitzer?   LOLOLOLOLOL   What a waste of time.
@BillCassidy @SenJohnKennedy How does this healthcare bill benefit ur constituents? NONE. But GOP wealthy benefactors get a tax cut #voteno
You are not only signing that deal, but campaigning for it as well?  I did have respect for you, not any longer.
not be no longer interested in anything you have to say anymore thanks liar sham GOP rich suck up
.If you support the #TrumpCare #Taxcut for rich & assault on Medicaid for poor, low income #LA will tar and feather you @wolfblitzer
I certainly hope so. Count me in.
Cutting Medicaid. Cutting essential health benefits. Cutting mental health & addiction. Making the rich richer. How is this good?
Freeloaders
I pay $700/month for my healthcare. GOP wealthy tax cut is freeload. Hypocrisy is claiming to be Christian &denying people healthcare Really
Medicaid is welfare Insurance, it's qualification is based on earned Income. No one is denying anyone anything Dumbcuck
You mean the one that doesn't pass the @JimmyKimmelLive test?
You and ur Republican colleagues are HEARTLESS. Taking an axe to Medicaid is going to create more problems. It's absolutely un-American.
But your staff has no idea what your stance is! I called less than an hour ago. I oppose "tax cuts" for the wealthy in this bill.
How did you get through?
I call about 4 or 5 times before the unpaid intern answers. Ask to speak to a paid staffer! And ask how many oppose this bill-they get upset
What happened to purchasing healthcare across state lines and tort reform. It will save $$
I think you mean the new "execute the sick and poor" bill.
Was really living in a bubble! Didn't realize we're the poorest of all western democracies - we just can't afford healthcare.
So you think this cruel, even meaner bill than the House version, passes the @jimmykimmel Test?  Shame on you! Thousands will DIE. WILL DIE
As I've said to you and Senator Kennedy many, many times: please represent your constituents and vote no on this bill. Work to improve ACA.
Please #StandWithPP
Pretty sure this means it won't pass the #kimmeltest
Top pediatric group: GOP ObamaCare repeal bill "fails all children" http://hill.cm/sNDVx5Q  
THIS will be your legacy. 64% of long term care is Medicaid. My mother. Your mother. THIS IS YOUR LEGACY and YOUR ALBATROSS if you vote yes.
You must be dreaming if you think insurance companies will lower their prices because of stability.
We can afford paying for home ownership (mortgage deduction), 1/2 off investment income but not nursing home Medicaid?
Oh course we can afford healthcare for all. Obamacare tax increases paid for it.
Either Reps won't take the time to support you or NO ONE thinks this bill is a good idea. Social Media intern, read the replies!
No, Senator...it doesn't pass the "Jimmy Kimmel" test...not on THIS planet. So, do your 'end of the month' plans include being a sellout?
Healthcare bill = tax cuts for wealthy, healthcare BENEFIT CUTS for your constituents. Support the people of Louisiana. Stand up #voteno
This bill includes retroactive tax relief for capital gains, a GOP payoff for the wealthy. Will you sell out for the GOP or stand up for us?
Senator, the American Academy of Physicians issued a strong statement against the senate healthcare bill this afternoon.
Most working Americans want AFFORDABLE catastrophic health insurance for hospitalization & emergency room coverage NOT GOV HEALTHCARE
Not true
You are disgusting if you support this bill or anything that resembles it.
Senator does #AHCA meet the #kimmeltest -- be a #patriot and care for #Americans first not #Trump and #Ryan first -- #VOTE NO on ACHA
If this bill does nothing to lower premiums,PLEASE don't sign. Mid America cannot choose between paying mortgage or health insurance! THX!
Where are you, Billy? We're listening. @jimmykimmel did America a great service, but Billy saw the camera and a chance for political profit.
And free college tuition for good students
This bill is more of the same, austerity for us & socialism for the Rich. I would be ashamed to put my face near this garbage bill. #VoteNo!
Tell him that LA had free health care for the poor way before Obama
As your constituent I hope you come against this bill, I also hope you do everything to slow down the vote.
No #AHCA
really good explanation
I'm a LA constituent. Please vote no. People's lives are on the line, and you have to face them with your vote.
Do the right thing for our state, Senator. Please vote NO! #ProtectOurCare
Dr. Cassidy,  We support President Trump. Louisianians need pre existing condition coverage.  We have a grandchild with a heart transplant.
I tried calling your office again today, using the number your staff gave in response to an email. Your mailbox is full.
DO NOT BETRAY YOUR PEOPLE
@Billcassidy As a republican voter in La, how can I convince you to vote no on senate health bill and instead push for the bill u and Collin
... for the bill you and Sen Collins proposed?
This healthcare bill is downright terrible, all I ask is that you vote "NO" on it.
How can this pass #kimmeltest Dr Cassidy? Your colleagues say NO!
Read what nation's largest physician specialty society says about Senate #ACA repeal bill https://www.acponline.org/acp_policy/letters/letter_to_senate_leadership_opposing_better_care_reconciliation_act_2017.pdf … #StopTheBill
We're expecting u to keep yr promise to this mom & so many others that they "wouldnt fall thru the cracks" w #AHCA
Please sir @BillCassidy please First Do No Harm and be our health care hero. You worked for Charity system long enough to know the impact.
Please vote No. Humans deserve better. My dog gets better card and he's insured.
I live in Breaux Bridge, vote NO on this horrible bill.
I live in Lafayette and would also ask you to vote no. My insurance will go up and coverage will decline.
"@AriMelber GOP health bill cuts key pgm4 "half of ALL births" in US and 2/3 of seniors in nursing homes. (Medicaid)
Do no harm! Vote against this bill.
If you actually represent the people who voted for you, you'd vote "no" on this new health (uncaring) care bill. Mental health IS important
This doesn't pass the #kimmeltest
@ACSCAN : Technically #preexistingconditions are protected. But in reality they are not! #iamapreexistingcondition https://www.acscan.org/releases/patients-would-pay-more-less-coverage-under-senate-health-bill … 
Louisiana has over 1 million residents on Medicaid, most of them children under 19, this bill will DECIMATE them #SaveMedicaid #voteNO
The healthcare bill is disgraceful and terrible for the people of Louisiana.
I am trying to reach your office via telephone to discuss the senate health care bill but the mailbox is full.
This bill harms LA on both individual & EMPLOYER insurance!
Doesn't even meet the Ji- test, much less Jim, Jimmy or Jimmy Kimmel tests.
It would be great if your staff would answer your phone! Vote against the bill @BillCassidy
Remember the Jimmy Kimmel test.  This is not how the richest country in the world behaves.
Sen. Cassidy, where do you stand? With your constituents or special interests and the wealthy who will get massive tax cuts under this bill?
Counting on you to protect LA people in getting progressive health care. Delighted by your leadership on this issue. Let's improve ACA. 
Also, what will states ability to waive rules regarding essential benefits do to pre-existing condition coverage?
How about instead of forwarding off to a cable news show you tell everyone what your thoughts are here and now?
Please take the chance to explain what the net investment tax has to do with healthcare!
Now we'll see if you were lying to @jimmykimmel about your 'test' for this cruel bill.
I am a constituent in Lafayette, LA please vote no this bill will kill my mother.
Are you ready to explain why it's rushed and heartless? Are you going to list all the disenfranchised? Guess at the death toll?
I do not care what Billy does. I will not ask him for jack squat. I'll be laughing when we see how he was paid off for his #KimmelTest hoax.
The only thing to understand is that Billy is looking at big payday for his #KimmelTest approval. Trump raised $800K for @RepTomMacArthur.
I'm going to miss it, dang it, mrBill, get in touch, asap
Since you were bumped bc of fake tapes now would be a good time to post a video of your position on bill like you've posted b4!
Why do the wealthy deserve a tax cut more than we deserve health care? #ShumerIsRight
Welcome to your new healthcare system. Thanks for fucking over the poor.
Please share via Twitter your thoughts on how this bill will impact your constituents. I look forward to reading/hearing your analysis.
I am one of your constituents. Please vote no to this, please listen to us.
For the love of God and your la constituents please vote no!!!!
Constituent here, Metairie 70003. Ur voicemail full. As a person with disability since childhood I'm asking you to oppose healthcare bill.
As one of my Sens., I am confident you will not vote correctly on this bill. The right vote here is NO. But you have no guts & no brain.
Make a fool of him Dr Bill
I NEVER watch #FakeNewsCNN .You should upload your own video on Twitter. Give us the truth on your own time not on a #FakeNews channel.
Hell No to this bill!!!
Please have the courage to say no and be firm. This does. not. pass the @jimmykimmel test
This bill is NOT a repeal.
As a middle-class LA resident w/o cable I sure hope you hate it bc your const. do. #NoBCRA #ProtectOurCare
Majority of Louisiana oppose this bill.  You should too!  Have called your office several times!
Opposition without knowledge dumb-dumb. Read the bill,not that long a read then oppose if you will. It needs some tweeking
What about mental health coverage sir?
What about the citizens of Louisiana voting for the raise. That the government is giving them selves
Please explain to your POTUS Dems can't be 'obstructionists' if they didn't get to hear from their constituents and debate first. #Snake
I'm watching! Your office voicemail is full. Pls stand firm to have hearings & make a better bill for those of us w pre-existing conditions.
Yes it is and ppl w pre-ex conditions are watching and ready to raise absolute hell if you threaten our lives w this abomination of a bill
You didn't want to listen to what I had to say when I emailed you. Why should I give a crap about what you want to shove down my throat?
You should oppose it now because women, who are half the population, had no representation
WTF with all this discussion? Does the bill expand coverage and save money? No? Then have the guts to say NO to AHCA.
Surely you won't endorse a bill that is fundamentally worse than the ACA.
You should oppose it just bc of how it was written behind closed doors.
I hope you will voice loud opposition to it, Senator!
