Tax cuts for the rich and screw the poors! Yay!
These GOP members just won't give up on their quest to destroy the middle & low income people as always just looking out for themselves 
No wonder prez got so much support. You people (Congress) refuse to represent us intelligently.

federal government can't manage social security! Feds have not managed ACA - sanders plan will FAIL America!
Honestly Lindsy Graham and Bernie Sanders are both full of shit.

Trying to protect your friends #LyndseyGrahm
Lindsey! Obamacare works if YOU get behind it and stop obstructing!!  Join the civilized world --  #SinglePayerNow
Obamacare is not single payer at all
A good example of single payer health care is the VA.  point fingers but it isn't great and when options arise the vets go outside for care
That's not a good example at all. In fact, it's nothing like Medicare.
I Never said it was like medicare.  Its a government run single payer health care.  If its so good why do we have @WoundWarriorCA?
Disgusting.
Sen. Graham, I appreciate your efforts to make up for SC denying Medicaid funding, but your plan is not the answer to replacing the ACA...
Go single payer Medicare for all is best for Americans.Stop talking care of insurance companies.
No Sanders led government take over of health care.
New name for Senator Graham after this policy: Pro-Death Lindsey
@LindseyGrahamSC you are an ass. AMERICA WANTS SINGLE PAYER!!!! You idiot. Look at the polls, even many republicans want it. Dummy
I hope this fails and we get a single payer system.
Where have you been the last 7 years? 7 years to come up with a plan. 7 years to get your shite together. Awful. You all need to be replaced
Have you seen the single-payer bill?  How can you dismiss it so quickly?  Is there nothing in it that might go with yours?
Any chance you guys could cross isle and develop a hybrid system like every other developed country?!
Sen Graham: I defended you from many attacks by your own party about your loyalty, your wisdom and your sexuality. No more.
It's 2017 We are @ WAR w Russia as Prez & you are wasting efforts trying to kill Americans?!

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 

When you have free medical,u dont care about anyone else.
Gov got into student loans now education worthless & costly DO NOT LET GOV HAVE OUR HEALTHCARE!
But consider this:
Such a relief to see we have leadership left in the Republican party.
Leadership doesn't rip healthcare from 22,000,000 people
Many can't afford it now or find they are being left without it.
The flaw in your argument is that MORE people are covered under ACA than ever before.
And the more people that jump on board the pool grows and the better we all are
No, Lindsey, it does not.
Why do supposedly intelligent public servants doggedly submit to partisan obstinence? Unreal.
stop lying to everyone Lindsey i know several people in England and Canada that have a hell of a lot better HC then us
*On a date*
Her: "I wish Bernie would have won."
Me (trying to impress her): "I also have no understanding of economics."
Why this now?  You're senatorial days are numbered RINO
Why are you against Medicare expansion-- look at the numbers   "the american people want it"
What s dick, he is almost happen making this statement and seems happy
You go Mr Graham
Why are we the only country not to guarantee healthcare to all our citizens! Medicare for all
Anything that Lindsey says is usually worth opposing.
No, it doesn't @LindseyGrahamSC and @GOP. It's not just his dream. Believe it or not, it's also the dream of millions of other Americans.
American people "this murders at least 43 million of us."
"Block grants to the states enables us to exclude those we deem undesirable. In the south, it's the blacks and gays; in sw- latinos!"
Republican plans don't fly with average people. You take too much away.
Page 1: Americans will switch to diet of chicken feed.
Unfortunately, Graham doesn't even sound convinced about what he's saying. Looks unsure
Mr. Graham... you give a whole new meaning.
Take affordable care from the poor; you keep the health insurance you have, paid for by the taxpayers. Typical Repub.
It ends nothing seeing as it'll never pass...oh, and it's a shit bill anyway so...
If single payer is so terrible, why are there no countries who have it trying to repeal it?
This:
Graham is a cancer on the nation.
No, it doesn't. Your bill is a farce.
How inappropriate to smirk & joke about throwing people off of #healthcare -- @LindseyGrahamSC block grants won't work. #SinglePayerNow
First of all you are a closet lefty. Secondly we the people voted and put President Trump in office to repeal Obamacare. You failed Lindsey!

Shame on not working towards a bi-partisan bill.  It should NOT matter what state I live in. #Americanhealthcare #universalhealthcare
You wanna put SC in charge of HC? What a joke, we all saw how McMaster handled Irma. How is improving the roads going? And all the lawsuits?
People here were BEGGING for Nikki back, we've been shown how incompetent our leadership is here in SC over the last couple months...
Between you, Scott and McMaster, I'm surprised we haven't fallen apart completely. The governor is a joke and you're the punchline.
Retweeting such aspirational sentiments tells us a good deal about Senator Cassidy and his definition of greatness.
If you don't like what you get under single-payer, you can still opt for a private physician.
...people are being fooled into thinking single-payer means substandard care.

@LindseyGrahamSC 
Just curious..how the hell r u gonna keep @SenJohnMcCain 
from sabotaging the hlthcare again? 
WE DO NOT WANT SINGLE PAYER
THANK GOD! PLEASE PLEASE STOP SINGLE-PAYER HEALTHCARE! DON'T WANT OUR CARE RATIONED! WOULD BE DEATH PANELS! NO GOOD!
Uh. Then why does basically EVERY modernized country have it? I currently live in a single payer country, there are no death panels.
Lindsey, the proctologist called.  They found your head.
"End of a federal sustainable budget" the federal budget is already unsustainable?!?! What is grahamnesty talking about?!?! #primaryRINO's
-Lindsey stop embarrassing urself...it's painful to watch....
The proof is in the pudding. Let's see you get it passed.
good of you to admit this is partisan politics, and not an actual fix for the ACA to save millions of lives.
How much is Big Pharma putting in your pockets Mr Graham? And can you get it passed? This is repeal/replace attempt number what now, 100+ ?
Provide bullet points on why your proposal is better than what @SenSanders put out. The healthcare debate should not be a popularity contest
Tell the Crump  stop blocking everything about Obamacare and work on it. People will have health care he's messing it up POTUS
He kept repeating "single payer healthcare." Sounds like he is the one afraid of his nightmare.
The American people need this reform. It will kill many small businesses and break middle income families if something is not done soon.
Lindseys plan: turn off healthcare for all that cant afford it, they all die, making healthcare more affordable for the rich.
I'm still in shock feom Hatch wanting medical Marijuana research! !!! In a good way
As an RN it is Sad that you are so out of touch with what most Americans want and need. We need single payer system!.
Didn't go well.. guess people don't like having their insurance jerked out from under them.
Man, why don't you just cackle maniacally in front of a lightning bolt while twirling your moustache already
two face lying back stabbing traitor running his diarrhea of the mouth again!
Isn't it though? Cripes.
Because Graham can muck it up better & hang the albatross around @GOP's neck....
DOA GRAHAM
You really had a chance to build a larger following, Lindsey.  Decided to piss that away....smart!!
actually Graham's bill ends the dream of just plain old healthcare for many in America
Senator Sanders, u rock. Medicare for all is the answer. Sen Graham, pls be smart and support Sen Sanders!
maybe just once Graham and his cronies could quit thinking of insurance that cares for millions as something to win, or one-up about.
I'm so sick of people like Graham, whose staff and family enjoy full benefits for free, treating this like it's a game. #LifeAndDeath
Lindsey looks, talks, acts and legislates like an over privileged numbskull who has never cared about middle class or disadvantaged.
...and you've even got your little red tie on, @LindseyGrahamSC .  How apropos.

The bots are out! LMAO!
Frozen song 'Let it go'  rings in my head
I say we block grant Lindsey Graham healthcare that we pay for Hopefully you state will cover you. Seems fair to me
Singlepayer health care system..should leave out the terms health and care as neither are offered in a Single payer plan. Just a money grab.
...and ends healthcare for millions.
Lindsay forget philosophy One payer only will work
all else is doomed.
Lindsay Graham is getting primaried in 2020.
this two face lying back stabbing traitor thinks he's going to be President... Not!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC you need to find the votes and you probably don't even have the votes because no one's even seen this plan yet
Single-payer is not a bad thing, my campaign team and I put together a video explaining it:
Sure Will just look to the VA healthcare system to see what it means for the wee-folk...
Where can we read the bill?
Is @LindseyGrahamSC hoping to replace @SenateMajLdr ?
Fix #ACA
These guys all the sudden trying hard to spend the working mans money to get their jobs back.

I would suggest it actually assures us of a Medicare-for-all policy within the next 3-5 years.
So many falsehoods here. Done right it doesn't have to affect quality or the budget.
There is no 'done right'. I don't want to be treated like a veteran. I've seen disgraceful treatment of Medicaid patients.  Keep it.
Financing for this would be much larger than for Medicaid. And having one party negotiating and cutting admin costs will drive costs down.
Fuck this guy
The "liberal tears" argument.
