Exactly, 6m supposed to pay, 12m exempt, 4 million didn't even check a box, also CBO off by billions of dollars on the revenue as well #fail
@LorenAdler @onceuponA @CitizenCohn @sarahkliff @CarolynMcC @jrovner @ASlavitt @JasonMillman @Avik @ASlavitt @larry_levitt @brianbeutler
The joke is if they just sunset mandate they instantly gain 15 million insured as @avik has pointed out despite the mandate not working
That's not accurate. Adding the mandate onto the BCRA structure would only add ~5M in coverage due to much less affordable insurance.
Is that with Cruz amendment? Doesn't matter as avik has pointed out overestimated effect of mandate, Gruber also says no effect mandate
I was referencing the current version without Cruz, but it would be similar.
That's 100% not what Gruber's study said. There's full agreement in academic community that mandate has a positive impact. Debate over size.
We have a piece coming shortly that walks through mandate research and why Avik's "argument" is nonsense more fully than I can do on Twitter
FIX ACA LIVES DEPEND ON IT!!!! REPEAL=KILL
According to PEW=17% Americans support a REPEAL. I don't see what mandate YOU are talking about. #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA or GO HOME.
You sir are a traitor to the people of LA. You know better, but you voted party > country anyway.
How would you know anything about the American people? You won't even answer calls from your constituents.
We want free market healthcare not government controlled
That is simply not true, Sir. I would have explained more on the phone today, but couldn't get through. Please #VoteNo for LA's citizens.
Shame on you. Just shame. You are nothing but a disappointment
This is WRONG. We did NOT. Please do the right thing and vote NO on Obamacare repeal.
A poorly written and biased article is not an argument. You owe your voters an explanation as to why you want us to pay more to have less.
Once again, I am dismayed and disappointed. Not only did you vote yes on moving forward with this GOP nightmare, you voted for the Cruz Amd.
U were never undecided about GOP healthcare bills. U wanted constituents off your back & to be on TV. I'm ashamed of your healthcare votes.
No, we support the mandate. Those who pay for health insurance are tired of paying higher premiums to offset the freeloaders who don't pay.
188 different addendums made by Republicans is the reason there is an issue with the ACA.  Most gave insurance companies outs and breaks
Since the ACA is NOT failing, and actually stabilizing as predicted, the Republicans are going to sabotage it and make it fail! Nice...
I know firsthand that your constituents have left messages telling you to vote against the Senate's bill. Shame on you for voting for it!
No they didn't. We all know this election was rigged and people were fed false info for years via Fox
Actually this is false

What happened to your support of a bipartisan plan that works for the American people? Were you threatened? Bribed? Or do you just not care?
It's actually working great here in Louisiana, esp for your constituents who are contract workers in the oil field without employer ins.
You have lost your mind.
You tel'im, Beth!
American people, hospitals, doctors, nurses are all opposed to the #BCRA.  It's a disaster in the making!
Why does the CBO even exist? They have been wrong on everything! #smh
The American people will reject you for being a Republican RINO Traitor, and not supporting your President or your Party.
Thank you all our hearts
Then you know Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny? Maybe Snow White, Goldilocks and Rapunzel? All as fictional as saying Obamacare doesn't work
You're lying. Listen to what the people are really saying and improve the #ACA.

Please listen to your constituents and save ACA, don't destroy it. Vote NO on repeal. #SaveOurCare
No they didn't.
How are you voting today on repeal & delay? It violates your criteria but so did BCRA you voted FOR last night! Hypocrite, no?
Its time to return to Regular Order!  U vote yes on this thing masquerading as a healthcare bill, I vote no on your re-election! #healthcare
You said no one would lose care. You lied. You do not represent the people.  You represent #GOP$. #cassidylies #hypocrite
Louisiana will surely be far worse off as a result of Trumpcare. Shame.
How can you possibly support a bill that no one knows what it contains?
You lied to Jimmy Kimmel. He's a rich celebrity. You lied to us here at home. Now I will not have health insurance. We will not forget this.
I called & emailed you telling you this is not true. You are lying to your constituents and over 300,000 of them will suffer as a result.
How big will @BillCassidy's TAX CUT be when he STEALS healthcare from 410,00 Louisianans to give TAX CUTS to the RICH???
Not true. Wanting improvements to #ACA does not equal "rejection". #CallCassidy #SaveACA
Then fix it. Don't throw millions off of healthcare.
You just lost my vote for reelection. I'm also ashamed of your lack of courage. You let all of Louisiana down.
Do you not hear what you are saying? That's a basis for any type of insurance. Everybody pays into the bucket.
Sen., Pls listen to the ppl.m and fight for good health care. Don't be bullied. Stand up for AL. If new plan is bad vote no. Vote No!
Imagine being so weak and gutless that you’d let a historically unpopular president tie you to a bill with a 16% approval rating.
Weak enforcement is actually why mandate doesn't work. Only sickest buy in. Not how insurance works. @uereinhardt
Shame, shame, shame on you @BillCassidy How do you sleep at night or are you already too far gone? You let us down. #SaveACA
@ForbesOpinion why did more Americans vote for Hillary then?  Check your facts.
It doesn't work b/c the GOP made sure of that
Your comment to the press are shameful remove coverage for millions just to give treasonwesal Trump a win really? Party over the people ofLa
What a disgusting monster!  The elderly, sick children and the vulnerable will be without health insurance.  Monster!
Everyday know I will work to defeat you. Everyday know I am building a consensus to vote you out. Everyday know Louisiana deserves better
If you care you will GIVE 3 days a week to the indigent. Do You Care?  Let's see
You're either stupid or a liar. Either way I will work tirelessly to get you out of the senate. Everyday. You shame decent Drs. You're not 1
If you vote to take away my #Medicaid Senator, I will reject YOU next election. #louisiana


Where is the doc who founded a clinic to help the uninsured get access to free healthcare in 1998? What happened to that Bill Cassidy?
that is not true.....it needs fixing, not repeal but then you obviously care more about party than people.

Every major patients' rights group in the country took out a full-page ad in today's New York Times to urge a No vote on Obamacare repeal. 
Then why isn't your staff answering the phones today?
You criticized this bill to avoid scrutiny then capitulated. LA is one of the poorest, sickest states. People will die because of yr vote.
Bill Cassidy - now a member of the REAL death panel.
I am a 63-year-old constituent. You may well have signed my death warrant today. Your vote is more shameful because you're a physician.
How much money did you take from insurance/big pharm to spout that bullshit?
LIAR! GOP sabotaged it and now u voted tho throw millions off.  Disgusting!  Don't worry, we won't forget in '18!

No the American people overwhelmingly wanted the ACA fixed.  What U have done to placate Trump will follow you to 2020 & the rest of ur life
Unending shame on you. Louisiana will never forget.
It doesn't work cuz Govt. is making sure it doesn't. #SaveACA fix what's wrong!!!
My family has healthcare for the first time thanks to the ACA! I am poor but know how to get the vote out! Don't take away the ACA!
Shame!  Kill the bill!  I stand with the protesters who are outside the Senate ridght now.
GOP  murder by legislation 
#SaveACA could have been fixed

Cutting #Medicaid while giving the military  $700B is evil
Please vote NO today!  Please vote NO for Rebecca!
If you can't stand up for our most vulnerable in LA then you have no business calling yourself a United Stated Senator! @GOP #KillTheBill
No sir they didn't. Over 50% of the ppl approve of  the ACA and want you to fix it. Republicans have spent 8 yrs trying to destroy it
2) & it's only gotten more popular. Fix the exchanges, work on more price transparency and negotiate drug prices. These bills do 0 to lower
3) costs. The destruction of Medicaid will decimate rural hospitals, community health centers, disabled services, and those of us who need
We have not rejected ACA, the Repulicans have...especially @realDonaldTrump #SaveACA helps thousands, including my family...
The red say yes we have rejected the ACA, They voted from the pain the ACA gave them
Republicans WON, because of one very important promise.  Repeal the #Obamacare DISASTER ... like you PROMISED THE VOTERS!
ACA works great. Saved me. What about the Jimmy Kimmel test? ACA saves lives, a no vote kills. Get a good plan first. So irresponsible.
You that confident that #Putinspuppet is going to save your job next year? He'll throw YOU under the bus too-VOTE NO on motion to proceed
PLEASE preserve our healthcare! Don't repeal the ACA.
No, we didn't. Why are you continuing to say this? Please vote no to BCRA and work to improve the ACA.
Vote No! Fix the ACA! Or we will do everything we possibly can to vote you out! #KillTheBill
Left you a voice mail. Please vote no!!!!
Vote no on Healthcare bill today! FIX OBAMACARE! Thank you!
you are voting yes and you don't know what you are voting for?  What kind of person are you? it would work if you would fix it.
Vote No!!! Don't succumb to party politics. Stand up for Louisana!!! Don't be a tool of rep party! Please!
@ForbesOpinion No we did not. Your state, your country - stand up for us, not the ones that kneel down to the Kochs.
Cassidy has declared on Facebook that he's a yes on MTP. Let him know how you feel about it.
Senator, as you gleefully vote yes, please remember you are killing fellow Louisianans for political gain. My family member. We won't forget

The ACA works if u stop sabotaging it! Please vote NO on the horrible GOP healthcare bill. Fix the ACA. #TrumpcareKills
Sadly, the bottom line here appears to be party before country. @IndivisibleNO
Represent the interest of your constituents. Eliminating ACA without a replacement is not in their interest.
This is grossly negligent on your end. I am horrified that you are willing to trade the healthcare of Louisianians for political gain
Then find a better plan and debate it in Congress. Please don't take away something people have until you create a replacement.
You are very very wrong and you know it. #Shame
Senator,  please vote no today and begin negotiations with reasonable members of the senate to support changes to the existing program.
Senator, when you get a flat do you scrap your car? Do you euthanize for carpel tunnel? Fix the ACA!
But what are you voting FOR, Senator?
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno

Here is a list of orgs. who've made public statements opposed to Senate bill. It includes, Nuns, Bishops, Nurses, Pediatricians, OBs... 
Strange Forbes also published an article saying the ACA helped  creat 11 million jobs.
I need to see you on the list of those defending good ideas like a public option or a buy in to Medicare. Stop listening to your donors! #La
He can't. He's lying to please his corporate masters. Vote him out.
The American people don't want this #POTUS to gut Medicaid to give tax breaks to rich billionaires. #TrumpcareKills #SaveOurCare #Louisiana
False
Cosign. 
You're saying that people who lose medicaid coverage are in fact choosing to go without health insurance coverage?
American people NEED ACA!!!! VOTE NO
Louisiana is better with extended Medicaid, no lifetime caps, and no denials for preexisting conditions. Wrong to repeal ACA.
Don't vote yes today!!! Be a hero!!! Hell, just be a decent human being.
The O-Care mandate is the Heritage Foundation mandate.
You are wrong, Bill. Americans have embraced the ACA. It needs tweaked. GOP = driven by spite & revenge, just like Trump. You are dead wrong
You are absolutely wrong, Bill. The American people have embraced the ACA. It is the GOP that reject all-things-Obama as its modus operandi.

People want things for free! With no mandate they drop their coverage. Then when sick show up in emergency room for care that we all pay for
problem is ..the guy who is pushing you to repeal..doesn't have a plan and NEVER did...stop supporting that #CLOWN in the #WHITEhouse
Must be enforced. Without the larger risk pool NO plan stays affordable for all.  Just give the rich their damn tax cuts leave my ACA alone
do not vote for the horrid healthcare bill. Its extremely unpopular and hurts millions and the economy
You make USA gag by allowing this disgusting POTUS to use our Boyscouts for his ego
This is the Boy Scouts' official policy on participation in political events. The short version: What happened tonight is against the rules. 
Much clearer that we've strongly rejected the current replacement plans & the lack of transparency led by McConnell. Please vote No today!
Why start over? The ACA was based on Romneycare - Republican principles. FIX IT! DON'T REPEAL IT! Please vote NO!
Chuck Schumer already showed his hand single payer Health Care
That was the plan all along
Obama said it years ago
They are on their way
We voted y'all in to REPEAL OBAMACARE, NOT TRY TO FIX IT, no vote for me Never vote for you 
Do the right thing
Right thing is to SAVE THE ACA. Millions need it. You will be killing millions if you trash it.
Please vote no on BCRA. I'm begging you. I've had a dissected carotid artery & stroke. Work w/ Dems 2 improve the ACA. Please don't kill me.
Actually the ACA is the only reason I can get health insurance with my preexisting condition. I can afford it, they just won't sell it to me
Wrong! And you know it. ACA isn't working in some Red states because of repubs noncompliance with laws. U r on wrong side of history. VoteNO
Vote no on #ACARepeal. I hate insurance, but love being insured.
Air force veteran family urges NO vote on Trumpcare. Improve what we have! We want more not less  BE A HERO #iamapreexistingcondition
Vote no. The BCRA is inherently immoral. Grow some guts & do the right thing for your constituents. #Healthcare4All #NoCutsNoCaps
Caring about Louisiana and the American people is voting against repeal, we need to better the ACA not go back to the past.
It's a lie to say the ACA does not work and to vote against it is voting against the poor, elderly, disabled, middle class and children.
Correction @BillCassidy 
We know YOU don't work, 
not for the people you are paid to represent.
#SellOut #NoBCRA
So senator cassidy, since your bill is included in the votes you will sell out the people of your state? Your medical lic hould be revoked
How can you believe this is what ALL American people want with nuns, AARP, major insurance companies and many of your constituents against?
What would happen if the speed limits were repealed and people were no longer mandated to follow them? So thin...
The Forbes article completely ignores the devastating impact on Medicaid wrought by all GOP bills.
You have led us to believe you really care about delivering healthcare to those who can't afford it. Now is the time you can prove it !
Your vote tomorrow will determine if millions of Americans will live or die. Step up and do the right thing. #VOTENO
You took an oath - to do no harm.  You know better.
If you vote for #BCRA you are not only voting against your constituents, you are voting against the democratic process
This is propaganda. If you vote against Obamacare you will be betraying the constituents of your state.
Me being forced to pay higher premiums for the so called betterment of the collective is bullshit.

You're lying.
Both the House bill and the Senate bill are far worse than the ACA.  If you are a Christian, you will vote against the motion to proceed!!!!
I just sent another letter to you and @SenJohnKennedy - again asking you to vote against the Republican bill. Constituent in 70601
Why won't you listen?  No repeal.  Fix what is there already.  More people need healthcare, not less.  Stop pandering to insurance
No they didn't; Trump only won the EC not the popular vote!!! Get your facts straight & quit skewing your statements!!!!
You're objecting the mandate, it has saved many lives & helped so many people. Put people over party.
No, the American people are pretty solidly behind you not touching the healthcare they have.  Proceed with caution.  We will all vote.
You went from #KimmelTest, to voting for millions of Children to be thrown off Medicaid. Sleep well tonight, with your taxpayer health care
.@BillCassidy so you'll vote yes tomorrow but don't know what's in bill? Pls explain why you'd vote to deprive your constituents of care?
You're saying the right things, but will you back the president when it's needed.  Forget Republican and Democrat and think American people
DO NOT SUPPORT REPEAL ONLY!  GEORGE BAIN ZIP 70435
@SenatorCassidy it works for me and it works for Louisiana, and you know it.
Americans have overwhelmingly passed the Senate to vote no on the motion to proceed. Make no mistake. We are counting on you to do that!
Louisiana says no repeal. If you vote to repeal, you are just a political tool. Do right by Louisiana. Quit thinking of yourself and party
You are betraying your Hippocratic Oath if you vote for this bill.
No we didn't Senator Cassidy. You have 2 million people on Medicaid/Medicare in LA. We don't want this bill. Ask your constituents. Say NO!
You're lying dude.
Senator as a physician you took an oath as Senator you also took an oath to protect the people of La. You need to vote against repeal of ACA
Suicide is a leading cause of death among teens. Pls don't repeal ACA & take away their access to mental healthcare.
Respectfully, get your cranium out of sphincter. The ACA works and can be better if you'd stop sabotaging it.
Works quite well in states where it wasn't sabotaged. FIX IT. Don't throw baby out with bath water!! You know better.
In fact, we !don't! know that. The #GOP sought to undermine the #ACA from Day 1. Enhance and repair would go MUCH further toward success.
Do you remember when you went on that late-night talk show and acted like you cared about people? That was an epic performance.
So clinics, hospitals, pharmacies will suffer due to your ignorance
The American people are rejecting your attempt to exterminate thousands and bankrupt many more -that's why it's polling at about 12 percent
Make it and opt out not an opt in
Do you know what is in the version to be voted on tomorrow? Has McConnell offered you a backdoor deal?
Listen to your constituents we've written + called 2 say "vote no". Today your voicemail box is full. Cuz we're all calling saying "no"
False. Repeal ACA is ridiculous. Sabotaging the insurance markets is wrong. Bipartisan support to improve ACA is the adult answer. #SaveACA
no that might've been in the beginning but now everyone realizes we are actually getting healthcare. How about fixing it!
Why do you hate the poor?

You're spectacularly wrong. And you're a "doctor".

Shame on you Doctor. You are letting down your state and your country. Primum non nocere.
Please vote NO!!! Repair not repeal!!!The lives of millions who will lose insurance should be on your conscience!!!Do you not have one?
Cassidy, why don't you wipe that frozen in place smile off your face and show people the person that wants to kill Americans for tax cuts.
Vote NO for any Bill that will take insurance away from millions of people. You took the Hippocratic Oath!The GOP is manipulating the CSRs!
Don't do it @BillCassidy. Please vote no.
