Dems looked like pouting little teenage girls.  Need 2 grow up.
I would imagine they are sick and tired of the same old crap from this #fascist in the making. #impeach45
Same old?  He's only been in office a few weeks.  Give him a chance, Nancy.
What happened to his super secret plan to defeat ISIS in 30 days?
I think u answered ur own questn...."secret?...."
"Secret" means I have no idea what the fuck I'm doing.
The GOP continues to lie.   As does Donald Trump.  SHAME!
Missing the meat and potatoes of it all, details please!!
BULL SHIT!!
Which direction is that? A cliff?
@petrasa4 @BillCassidy. Goals/dreams @POTUS Trump has a vision for American people. You (congress) needs to make it possible.
4 peeps w Lotsa $ yes, but those w no healthcare-EPA-regs-protection-  Blood on ur hands. Do No Harm Bill!
dream. on billy boy. Just wait the petulant 4 th grader will appear again
/:)/ where are you revolvers, bill? Want to shoot some Muslims to please Trump?
Trump is conning the American people.
If U do not support President TRUMP!LOUISIANA will replace Bill Cassidy!!
yeah FUCK THE MIDDLE CLASS
Our economy has been doing just fine.  More useless deficit spending for Wall and military will not benefit people
Goals won't get us there. Plans will. Did you hear any real plans to get us moving in the right direction? Nope.
Goals are great. Where are the actual plans?
@realDonaldTrump read a 7th script short in specifics, long on hypocracy. No responsibility for SEAL Owens death.
You forgot to tell them about nationwide Casual Fridays and my idea for a taco truck in every city!
this will happen
Seriously you need a con man to lead you? You and he will join the trash heap soon enough. Just hope its soon.
his face is a fucking meme
Did you forget Obama had the same plan but you repugs would not work with him?  Hypocrite
talk is cheap let's see it happen!
Are you insane? There is no way in hell that these proposals will help the average American. #seeyain2020
and dramatically increase the national debt while taking away from the lower classes and giving to the rich.
- yes - to the FAR RIGHT....white supremacists and Nazis are rejoicing.
Details not just talk please.
now we need to hold you accountable make Washington work for the people
I don't get how increasing discrimination, poisoning our air & water, stealing healthcare is moving in right direct
just need more substance and details soon...I'm all in!!! I love America!!!
someone else wrote that speech. He just read it.
Provide proving opportunities with highly paid work to black and brown neighborhoods.
Typical malignant narcissistic sociopath that has to show shill adoration.
geez...all these guys look like stalkers
good hope sir
Its was going in the right direction until Trump screws it up. Only a matter of time.
Goals without wisdom and good planning from collaboration can bring chaos and derail our past accomplishments.
Sick of seeing your white, rich, congressMEN support posts. We need NEW reps, fresh minds and young blood #RebootCongress
stop tweeting and get to work!!
telling the big boss how much he is liked. You are a joke and so is @POTUS @GOP a ship full of fools 2018 is near
IMPEACH TRUMP. IMPEACH TRUMP. IMPEACH TRUMP.
Who r u kidding???
yep, right down the shitter
Using a widow to hide your mistake is not leadership.  Disgusting #liarinchief
Public-Private partnerships for infrastructure = Turning interstate highway system into all Toll Roads. #wrong
Learn 3 letters if you want to be re elected! GDP!
¿TODO LO ANTERIOR APROBADO POR BUSH Y LOS REPUBLICANOS FUE INCORRECTO?-NACIONALISMO ES MUY BUENO:.. ¡SIN AMENAZAS!
Don't even think ur going to screw us over. We're smarter than u. #TheResistance
The campaign is over! Start acting as an admin. not as an electoral cmmte. Stop publishing this kind of bullsh*t. @WhiteHouse @BillCassidy

wow I see your corrupt you believed his BS
Actions speak louder than Words!
Another Republican with no moral compass. So power hungry
Agree the goals are great but the devil is always in the details. Fix ACA please don't start from scratch. Too slow
I didn't hear anything about suicide
Cassidy is full of crap. The only road Trump will take us down. Is the road to destruction.The rich will get richer
Amen .  He's our President
you call hate mongering , xenophobia and gas lighting the right direction?  What are your principles, really?
Who gives 2 F"""" Go suck a woody..
These people are ridiculous.  The have NO plan for anything.
Who needs plans when you have goals? My goal for 2017: find a unicorn.
Where you paid to say that?
However, no plan for doing so. The Democrats laid out the same plan but were blocked for 8 years.
he couldn't get anything done because he was on vacation
Just like @realDonaldTrump has been every weekend?
Goals are wonderful!Now, let's be serious, what about plans? I mean plan that includes everyone,not just the top 1%

Now that is one creepy dude..
Goals are one thing. A real plan & how to pay for it is another, and he has neither. We are not fools

goals...no plans...no actions...all talk...#trump_alert_trump_alert
@realDonaldTrump Delivered an inspirational and sincere speech that should hearten all Americans to his leadership.
Is that really what you think? A separate agency targeting immigrants perceived as criminals? You think that's ok?
hello, what part of illegal doesn't make them criminals
hahahahahahahah
#TAXES #TAXES #TAXES
#TRUMPRUSSIA
45scaredofbrownpeople
our economy has been moving in the right direction before trump
you're smokin ditch weed
I'm sorry were you one of the people who lost their job to an immigrant?
Show us your taxes!!!! What are you hiding?
Democrats don't like goals thst means they have to work and get things done in a fast efficient manor.
In fact, most democrats don't even live in manors!
lets hope she gets it!
are you going to politically masturbate all day?
I just hope he ends with a liberal facial. ;-)
A lot of unknowns and ifs', where are the plans! Goals are OK when your a kid, now be a big boy and have a plan!
tell me what he in on writing that speech that himself on the back
??????
thank you Sir for being on board. Lets get,is done & we will secure midterm elections
It's so WEIRD that you're bragging about members of your own party enjoying your speech. You're so weird!
Kinda weird for #snowflakes to still be melting over their failed candidate #HRC. #ResistanceIsFutile 
backwards?

"Where are the parts about the corrupt enemy of the people fake news media and my big crowds?" #JointSession 
