.@BillCassidy I'm hearing you claimed at your FB townhall only out of state people call you about Devos... unmitigated gall to suggest that!
.@BillCassidy LOUISIANANS... CONSTITUENTS... have been showing up at your offices (thrown out of one)... calling & not able to get thru...
.@BillCassidy we have tried to leave messages but your voicemail boxes are full... do not ignore us & then insult us with a falsehood!
.@BillCassidy Come home and face us! Hear us! Louisiana is speaking out! You hid throughout most of your campaign, but you WORK for US now.
.@BillCassidy We oppose Devos. We oppose Sessions. We oppose repeal of the #ACA. We can be seen and heard if you open your eyes & ears.
.@BillCassidy We are watching. We are waiting. We will not forget.
Do something you haven't done yet, represent the people - not the party: Vote NO on Sessions.  Surprise us
if you vote YES for DeVos I will vote against you next election and donate to your opponent. #TaketheDeVosPledge #DumpDeVos
Well already did that! Not a fan of any of his policies or beliefs so I pray we get a good opponent for him.
I live in Louisiana. Please vote NO to Sessions and Please do not repeal the ACA.
See crap like this is a lie, that is dissatisfaction. Just like with your pathetic dancing around the ACA...try truth nimrod!
yes, everyone now holds you responsible for the confirmation of DeVos and destroying ed in Louisiana. Next election, Bye Bye!
You have got to be kidding with this?
Um...actually. We're terrified.
Um actually you should be from all the left riots! #BerkleyRiots #LiberalLogic
I've had the same number since I was in high school in NY. My area code is out of state but I live & vote here (3 years now)
your DC line doesn't even pick up, do you have a voicemail? THIS MUST BE FIXED
your line is consistently busy, this is not how you support constituents, your vote for devos is disappointing
Louisiana is horrified not excited. No to DeVos!
Most nominations were people with very radical political views but DeVos combines this with ignorance of the basics of the job
Have your phone lines ever been deluged like this? This isn't excitement. The people want you to hear them, to represent them
I'm in 70115 NO to DeVos
, is this why you are supporting Betsy DeVos for Education? It's certainly not because she qualified is it?
excitement isn't the word I would use. Been trying to call your office for days, busy signal!  VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!
excitement is one word to use. #cassidy4sale
.@BillCassidy the most depressing part about this #altfact is the actual fact that you fail to mention the $70k in donations DeVos gave u 
@scott_catharine @BillCassidy God has no mercy on those who harm children and you Cassidy, just did.
we are not EXCITED. We are trying to voice our concerns. Clearly you aren't listening. Hope that money was worth it.
Excitement?  Doubtful!  The #RESISTANCE is tracking your votes for these disasters!
I notice that you didn't claim that most of the calls support his nominations. At least you didn't lie. But will you listen?
Not excitement, shock and disgust.
you received $70,200 from the DeVos family. Care to explain?
either recuse yourself or vote no to the outrageously unqualified Betsy DeVos.
Excitement?!? Over Trumps kleptocratic swamp, really Bill? I expect more from what I assumed was a smart man?
please don't belittle the objections of your constituents by labeling them as excitement.
"Excitement" is not how I'd describe my feelings about someone so anti-woman.
- just called - still busy!
I would not call it excitement - more like extreme concern!
stop Devos, we the people DESERVE BETTER! - La voter
I'm a public school teacher from Louisiana. Vote NO to unqualified Devos. We can do better for our students! #noDevos
.@BillCassidy that's not excitement over cabinet, it's DISMAY AND DREAD
EXCITEMENT?! No. I'm appalled you backed DeVos.
Went in person to your Alexandria office to protest Betsy DeVos. Your staffer was gracious which I appreciated. Please vote NO!
I wouldn't call it excitement as much as outrage. But nice politicking there.
.@BillCassidy if by "excitement," you mean "shock" & "horror" then, yes! #pollutingPruitt #SayNOtoDeVos
Let the scientist in you vote "NO" for Betsy Devos
you are a coward! Answer your phone!
Yeah I guess our outrage is pretty exciting...
- be politically smart. You could be the ONE Repub who breaks the tie on DeVos & get ALL the free media attention for doing so
Sessions is a disgrace and law professors across America have confirmed. Don't be on the wrong side of history.
Answering machine has been full for days. Registered voter in LA. Recuse yourself on DeVos b/c of campaign contributions.
I think you mean those in opposition. #StopGorsuch #StopDeVos #stopsessions
Vote no on Devos! She is unqualified and would be terrible for the American public school system.
Where do you stand w/treasury lifting sanctions on Russia? They hacked our elections, are attacking Ukraine. This is not ok.
Apparently you didn't open enough lines. I just tried to call. Your VM is full as it was Thurs, Fri, Sat. Busy Sun.Pls correct.
Excitement is a word for it. Terror, disgust are two others you may use. DeVoss unqualified obviously bad. Country b4 Party
if by EXCITEMENT you mean outrage ..Sure. #noDevos
.@BillCassidy No. Those calls are fury over the #DeVos nomination. And our voicemail boxes are FULL AGAIN.
got your voicemail, left a message as a republican voter and educator for a NO for DeVos!
the one person I would expect to support disabled or LD students is you, so please tell us why? Respectfully listening.#DeVos
why do you support DeVos? Would like to know rationale. You are taking a beating in the dyslexia communities and losing respect
vote NO on DeVos!!! Vote NO on repealing ACA. Vote NO on sessions!!
vote NO on DeVos! Think about the students!
If by excitement you mean fear and dismay, then maybe you are right. Is this a factual representation of the tone of the calls?
From Monroe, LA here. DeVos is extremely unqualified. Louisiana constituents care. Grow a spine &do what's right for education.
hope you will not vote for the unqualified DeVos just because if the $70,000 she gave you. Please be a man of integrity.
please oppose Devos for Sec. of Ed
please vote NO on Devos.  Protect all the #Dyslexia work you Have accomplished. Protect IDEA. #onemorevoteNO
You sold out Louisianians for $70,200 donation from DeVos - only excitement is if you reject that and vote NO #nodevos
Louisiana parents of children with disabilities very concerned about DeVos. SpEd can't be left to states. Talk to us!
sir, I don't think excitement is the right word. I'm appalled. For the record, I live in Walker, Louisiana
WRONG senator! I've been calling you over fear over these nominations! DeVoss scares me! Vote no for education secretary!
I live in New Orleans and I'm asking for you to vote against Devos.  Thank you.
it's not excitement. Listen to the messages. It's disappointment. No to Devos. No to the EO. No to Bannon.
excitement or horror. You choose the spin.
I think you mean there's a lot of anxiety over his nominations. Sad
Vote #NoSessions Don't be David Duke. We're watching.
Vote #noDevos
excitement? Yes, we get excited when elected officials ignore the voice of half of their constituents.
it's not excitement dumb ass. We are calling to say NO NO DeVos
You are hiding from your angry constituents over your support for Betsy DeVos, unqualified Sec of Ed nominee.  #VoteNoDevos
Funny, we call that "alternative facts." Vote no on DeVos & Sessions. But we know you haven't been answering your phone, so...
I live in the 71225, support a vote  4 Session & back vetting of Muslims as I want a safe country 4 my grandchildren. #POTUS
vote no
Jeff Sessions is a terrible choice! Pls vote no on his confirmation. Do what's right for the country.
if by excitement you mean outrage and disgust, then yes. Your phone lines are clogged by people calling to say #NoJeffSessions
if by excitement you mean outrage and disgust, then yes.Your phone lines are clogged by people calling to say #NoHateInOurState
if by excitement you mean outrage and disgust, then yes. Your phone lines are clogged by people saying  #NoAlternativeFacts
if by excitement you mean outrage and disgust, then yes. Your phone lines are clogged by people calling to say #StopBannon
if by excitement you mean outrage and disgust, then yes. Your phone lines are clogged by people calling to say #NoBetsyDeVos
if by excitement you mean outrage and disgust, then yes. Your phone lines are clogged by people calling to say #NoRexTillerson
add Conway to the mix with alternative facts, and you know as well as I do this is a recipe for disaster.
trump is unstable,  Bannon found the perfect patsy to push his white supremacist agenda.
no, not excitement. Rather horror at the idea of living in Steve Bannon 's America.
you'be been ignoring and blocking constituent calls about cabinet pics and ban for over a week. Don't lie about availability.
#altfact
.@BillCassidy Please vote no on DeVos, Sec. of Education should at least have same level of education as required by teachers in classroom.
the " excitement" is really anger / Pay to play  and none of you have any balls to stand up for the people. SHAME SHAME SHAME
That's an alt-fact (lie). Most ppl are appalled by unqualified plagiarizing DeVos. We want our reps 2 look beyond ideology!
if by excitement you 
 mean outrage and disgust, then yes. Your lines are clogged with people calling to say #NoBanNoWall
By excitement do you mean anger/frustration? You ARE getting tons of calls from constituents like myself asking you to vote NO!
Even more fear, anger, frustration for ignoring so many of your constituents who care @ accountability, equity, justice
Please vote NO on Jeff Sessions. I live in 70115.
Great! Because we are excited to tell you how much we hate the nomination!
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. I live in 70115.
excitement isn't the word I would use
I live in Monroe LA. Not excited about DeVos or Muslim ban. Say no to unqualified DeVos #IVote
.@BillCassidy If by excitement, you mean horror...You're a shill for a racist despot. We also know you are part Munster so fess up.
The GOP is not democratically governing, Trump & GOP R Dictating. You all disgrace the memorys of our Founding Fathers
if by "excitement" you mean "your constituents are upset that you aren't listening to them," yes, very exciting.
I'm a LA constituent. I called& left message. I emailed you that I oppose DeVos, Sessions & repeal of ACA. #deafears
Vote no on all Trump nominees! That's why we're calling!
Sen. Cassidy, I see you mention there is a "lot" of excitement. Please register me for the no excitement category.
I'm excited to oppose them!
.@BillCassidy If by "excitement" you mean outrage and disgust.
They're all garbage,  man. Absolute garbage. They have no business in government. They're all sleazy businessmen or idealogues.
DeVos is utterly and completely unqualified. Don't pretend differently. It's insulting.
How in God's name do you get "excitement" from protests? #LoveTrumpsHate #Resist
"excitement" is definitely one word for it, but you've already shown you don't care what your constituents want #DumpDeVos
When might we expect a real town hall, in a very big room, the biggest and best room ever. With the best chairs.
I supported you and President Trump he needs his cabinet
DJT isn't qualified to run my country, his nominees are worse. I'm a smart woman, but do you want me to fly your plane?
You're confusing excitement and fear and anger. Please listen to us in LA. Betsy DeVos will be a disaster, as will Sessions.
I thought you worked for us, The people that put you in http://office.You  showed us your true color now its time to go.
do not confirm Devos please.
.@BillCassidy oh bless your heart.
I'm a constituent and educator. Please reconsider and vote against DeVos. She's totally unqualified and will damage education.
All first class nominees.  Dems need to confirm.
Lying doesn't actually change facts. We know who's making calls: Louisianans angry about grossly unqualified nominees.
That is a TERRIBLE cover story! Is this really a #Trump reality show now?
#Resist
#Resistance
#ThisIsNotNormal
#TheApprentice
You mean, disappointment? I bet less than 25% of people are calling to express support!
.@BillCassidy Yes, lots of #AlternativeExcitement about unqualified, unethical noms. No on Sessions, DeVos. (Thx for more phone lines.)
Louisiana voter here.  If you stand up to Trump you'll look Presidential next cycle.  He's a traitor, don't go down with the ship.
this time next year, you will look much more like a strong patriot if you oppose Trump at every pass.  The traitor will implode
DeVos isn't fit.  You can't possibly make a case for that.
if by "excitement" you mean opposition.
I'm excited to see you listen to your constituents & vote no on Sessions & Pruitt!
excitement?  Sessions is a suspect in the Russian hacking allegations.  A suspect!  I'm a Louisiana voter, don't do this.
actually the right wing think (lol) tank wrote it. Do the right thing. You too an out to protect those same people!
it's not excitement, it's anger!
the polls are in favor of keeping it. The dont ubderstand they're one and the same. Only reson the hate it a black man wrote it
it is imperative that you vote to keep the Affordable Care Act. It has helped so many. Just get the ins. coc. ou of iy
No they're not.
: Please give the children of your district and our country strong, healing leadership. Please vote "no."
Hi everyone! Let's mobilize to fight the decisions coming from our representatives. They do not listen to us.
you spelled opposition wrong. Please respond to your constituents. How many calls are you receiving? What are we saying?
Does being a Republican senator mean that Trump has a blank check? VOTE NO.
You need to listen to the people you represent. I can't wait to raise money for your opponent.
I have also called several times to share with you how dangerous these policies and nominations are.
Are the Republicans who voted for you the only people you consider constituents? There are MANY in LA who are NOT excited.
I believe it's fear and anxiety NOT excitement. Please vote no for Devos and Sessions. Neither are good for the country.
your phone lines are jammed because the SANE people in this country know its a ban and can see #PresidentBannon from here.
Now is the chance to prove yourself. Country or party? We'll make sure everyone knows your choice in 2018.
Clearly you are misinterpreting the phones ringing for excitement. Are you actually listening to anyone? Nobody wants this.
We've called and visited ask for no on DeVos. You picked your own personal choice.  Remember that you work for us. We will.
"Excitement."  That's cute.  We all know those calls are to voice opposition to the appointees.  Your payback comes in 2020.
Payback of reelection?  Yes!
As a Teacher and a Frm. Student Body President @BetsyDeVos is unqualified and lacks credentials to serve. VOTE NO
Excitement is an interesting word, Senator.  Will you vote No on DeVos and Sessions?
please continue to fight for Pres. Trump's nominees!
Your president is undermining democracy, with your cooperation.  Put country before party.
Not excitement. It's disappointment mixed with frustration.
Vote no on DeVos and Sessions. Don't disgrace us.
Sessions is great.  #WakeUp
He's so great that over 1,100 law professors wrote letters saying he won't uphold the Constitution
in the sake of transparency, why not release Parish by parish tally of calls "for" vs "against"?
you are lying to yourself, and lying to the people who put u in office.  We deserve better.
u have become a dishonest politician. Fall for anything, not representing us
what planet do you represent?  Certainly not #Louisiana.  #DictatorTrump is disgusting.  We rescind all votes 4 this maniac
@CaptClayHiggins  Please vote No for Devos and No for Sessions. Don't just vote yes for partisanship sake.
YES. I can live with every other cabinet pick but we must stop Sessions and DeVoss.
Excitement? Isn't overwhelming show of opposition more like it? Tell us the tally of pros v cons please.
if by excitement, you mean horrified and dismayed, you would be correct.
NO to DeVos. NO to Sessions. Remember "we the people" elected you and you need to hear and heed to your constituents.
I tried to call to tell you to vote NO! But line was busy.
I have called several times to share with you how terrible I think these nominations are. VOTE NO
The picks are excellent.
By excitement, U mean rage, fear, horror, dread, disgust, the worst of history repeating itself, right?
In our "alternative facts" world words seem to have different meanings. Just wanted to make sure we were speaking same language
interesting choice of word. #alternativefact
hahahaha excitement - yeah that's what I'd call it...
