Poor public policy - take your time and get it done the right way. We're only been waiting since the Nixon Admin. to get a healthcare bill.
Same guy who doesn't want to fund education, wants to take money away from insurance coverage.  Not a surprise, I guess.
THANK YOU Gov Ducey we are so tired of RINO's being bought by the Soro Demo Rat gangs we appreciate you standing up for us Arizonians
Arizona would be hit hard by Graham-Cassidy.  You will lose 1.6 billion dollars.   http://www.businessinsider.com/graham-cassidy-health-care-obamacare-repeal-bill-funding-issue-2017-9 …
Texas scores big but a lot of the Deep South states will be hurt badly.  Louisiana in particular.
thank you for supporting Americans. 

What the hell is wrong with McCain?
People will die if #GrahamCassidy passes and you know it, @dougducey
Who paid off that Governor. Why would he hurt his own voters?
he considers party more important. He wants the head man to see him as a good soldier. To hell with people. Repugs never care about ppl.
It's worse than the last attempt. Your only motivation is to remove anything with Obama's name.
@SenJohnMcCain Hates Arizona!

I cannot in good conscience vote for Graham-Cassidy. A bill impacting so many lives deserves a bipartisan approach. http://bit.ly/2xtEuvz  
That works
bye-bye gov. At least I hope so.
It's time to get the job done . . . Right!
Because I survived breast cancer, I should never be able to afford insurance again. That, sir, is murder.
Yes! I was in a high risk pool b4 the ACA @$1000/mo. + meds. If I lose my healthcare I will either die or live in chronic pain, homeless. Murder for the top 1% to get more .
#GrahamCassidy will destroy lives & endanger the livelihood of the most vulnerable people in the US. All because you hate Obama. Deplorable.
My insurance company is dropping out of ACA in 2018. What's your solution for folks like me who can't afford premiums? What is Dems' plan?
As I am not a Dem, I wouldn't know.
That was for Elizabeth
Did your state choose not to expand Medicare? The Trump admin. is destabilizing the insurance market; that's not the fault of the ACA.
My insurance broker says the insurance companies cannot sustain the ACA requirements. ACA IS BROKEN, now u blame Trump?
What has your state done? Congress cut ACA's payments to insurers in 2014; has your state set up a reinsurance program?
And how is #GrahamCassidy any better? It dissolves basic insurance protections & any help for poor people.
2018 may not be a good year for you
Shame on you, @dougducey.
AARP stands ready to work with Congress on commonsense, bipartisan solutions to improve health care.

#GrahamCassidy is not that bill.

Republican strategist:
Graham-Cassidy will rip covg from millions & insurance companies will gut covg & increase rates. @JohnKasich & @GovofCO have right answer.

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 

NEW: Graham-Cassidy ACA Repeal Bill Would Cause Huge Premium Increases for People with Pre-Existing Conditions https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/09/18/439091/graham-cassidy-aca-repeal-bill-cause-huge-premium-increases-people-pre-existing-conditions/ …

American Medical Association comes out against Senate Obamacare repeal effort http://bit.ly/2xk0PM7  

Why, @dougducey, do you want to hurt the people of Arizona?
This could mean McCain backs Graham-Cassidy.
This means McCain WILL back this horrible repeal & replace bill regardless of GOP ignoring regular order etc. bc he said he'd follow Ducey.
Doucey was for the last repeal bill, which McCain opposed, so it's not a guarantee. 
Best not to take anything for granted.
Yes, we must fight like hell, assume nothing, and refute Ducey's misguided argument bc McCain will do what Governor claims is good for AZ.
McCain has said he will "reluctantly" vote for the bill if supported by Ducey.
No.  He just commented today that he wanted (again) regular order and for committee hearings...  He's for what Alexander is doing
He's said both things recently. I guess he wants to repeat his last dramatic vote on healthcare by hedging.
Yep. Ego may be the deciding factor. That gives me no comfort he'll vote against it. The noise about it being his BFF's bill is loathsome.
Enjoy the deaths of thousands of Arizonans, not to mention countless deaths of your fellow Americans. But hey, get yours.
@SenJohnMcCain just overruled you Govenor!  
And Senator McCain that Songbird is a real shit!
Get Sen. John McTraitor's replacement ready!
Outline the revised health care act without a hidden agenda. We the people need justification for all gov. Actions.
States rights. A true republic!
Goes to show you and Trump don't care about the "little people".  Stand up look down and find your _ a _ _ _. Put your state first.
This is not a Repeal.  We want full repeal so that premiums and deductibles will truly come down!  Free market.... work!
AZ this is what ur governor wants to take from u BUT hes not telling u he+his fam will keep ACA coverage & be covered 4 pre-exist conditions
If #GrahamCassidy passes, the deaths of thousands of Arizonans will be on you, @SenJohnMcCain @SenFlakeStaff Live with that.  Sleep on that.
They don't give a flying f@@k about anyone but themselves. I am so disappointed in @SenJohnMcCain He used to be a hero.  Now a trump toady.
You have just slapped the face of Arizonans... NOT YOUR DONORS!!!!
You are the reason after 45 years GOP I went to the Democrats!
I'm on a fixed income currently insured!! I have several health issues that are being monitored carefully so please don't take that away!!!
Don't know why they couldn't throw the entire Obamacare out the window. Gutless politicians afraid to take away "garbage".
A health care bill that is going to impact the lives of millions of Americans is not something that Congress should rush and approve.
You have to be fucking kidding me
There is a bipartisan fix for the ACA.
You are so wrong. How many people in AZ will be devastated by this??? How big of a "bribe is your state getting for your endorsement???
What perhaps Arizonans should be asking is what the heck did Trump say to Ducey during that limo ride last time Trump was here?
So you'll explain to my daughter with Crohn's Disease who is recovering from bowel resection surgery why she no longer has insurance??? #ACA
God bless you and your daughter.  My son also has Crohn's and had a resection & Illeostomy at 16.  Praying for your daughter!! Stay strong!
Shame on you. This would cost AZ $16 BILLION ... and hurt people. Shame.
The people of AZ deserve better than this flaming-poop bag of a bill.
Reports on Twitter: FBI is investigating @LindseyGrahamSC for allegedly taking a $3M bribe to sponsor #RepealAndReplace/get McCain vote too.
Who is reporting this?
I am. From sources who are in a position to know. I have also been told Kurt Eichenwald has it & he will write soon.
Ive never publicly announced a story I plan to report. Today I am. @BillCassidy, @LindseyGrahamSC, @SenateGOP , @SenateDems @jimmykimmel....
Thank you 
You deserve nothing but the worst.
I guess you don't care about reelection or the people you represent. Go home!
You're doing this for the donors. This  is terrible for AZ citizens. Tell Sen.McCain to vote no. Please do the right thing.
“Best” path forward ?  You have a low bar.
Why would you do this to Az?? Shame on you.
Afraid to stand with Trump at recent Phoenix rally. But supports this bill. Go figure.
How much you pocketing for your endorsement of this? Thats what you need to tell the people of Arizona.
this hurts AZ. You obviously don't care about your own state. #Duceyout

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
Shame on you @dougducey for choosing to ignore that AZ would lose more than $1.5B in fed funding. @SenJohnMcCain how can you support this?
Selling out millions of ppl. Disabled.  Nursing homes. Veterans. Children with MS. Cerabal palsy. Many more. How can you sleep? I can't.
Arizona will lose 19 billion dollars between now & 2027 if #GrahamCasiddy passes.
States don't want this responsibility and neither do state tax payers. Graham/Cassidy will destabilize the health care market. VOTE NO!
I regret voting for you so much! Will not be making that mistake again!!!
What a disgusting decision you have made by supporting cassidy&graham Looking for a job in WashDC?? You have deserted AZ & U will lose votes
Fuck you you piece of shit.  I wish I still lived in Arizona so I could vote against you.  Get ready for unemployment fuckwad..
This is such a terrible disappointment to many thousands in Arizona and hundreds of thousands across U.S. 
Continued medical. Stop enrollment procrastination by having 30 day wait or processing time. All pay $100 a month per person. Thank you
Medical for AZ is easy. Proposition is $100 a month per person no deductible or copay. All are covered equally. Hospitals reduce charges.
Something as important as healthcare should be rushed through congress quickly with as little thought as possible. Great job! #JimmyKimmel
It is amazing how little you care about Arizonan’s in need as much as you do about partisan politics. You continue to show your colors.
You should be very ashamed of yourself. Campaign promises for a badly elected leader, do not give you reason to kill millions.
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake This bill will cost AZ 11 billion n Medicaid cuts, the hardest hit of all Red states. SHAME ON YOU 4 supporting it
12 days until you rip coverage from millions and put the lives of disabled kids like mine in jeopardy? Shame on you. This is NOT a solution.
NO!
You care nothing about Arizona's people. Selling your soul
You are wrong , Sir.  Mark the rise of D's & Indies in AZ.  AZ will lose federal # if you push it&we will pay.  Follow @SenJohnMcCain lead.
Did Trump bribe you or threaten you? Had to be one or the other.

.@dougducey Perhaps you should ask doctors, nurses, hospitals, and patients what we think rather than your political superiors.
.@CCorieri Perhaps Governor Ducey would like to discuss with some physicians? I, and many of my colleagues, would appreciate the opportunity
That you put YOUR political ambitions ahead of your people is disgusting & may lead to loss of life.  May your conscience haunt you for life
Hey anyone seen the death panels? I've been looking for them for years. Can't seem to find them.
It's a death sentence...you are ok with that?  Sleeping well at night? Look your friends and relatives in the eyes and say you are screwed.
why you willing to make your constituents have  more difficulties with their health and finances; who paid you off
The GOP...Hey, this decimates the people of my state but at least it thumbs its nose at a guy not even in office...
wow you must really not care about the people of your state. This bill is worse than the others, especially for Arizona
cc: @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain
You have failed if all you want to do is gut this law.
And it devastates Arizona seniors. What an evil evil evil man. #GrahamCassidy
Why r u obsessed with Repeal/Replace? If u cared abt the ppl who voted u into office u'd work 2 improve ACA, instead of this cruel bill.
#GrahamCassidy and/or #RepealAndReplace = No, thanks.
#MedicareForAll = Winner, winner,  dinner.
 history duly notes your stance.
What was your price? We all want to know how much the death eaters are paying you.
More like Doug Poopy folks
I live in AZ, pre-ACA, I was denied coverage when I moved back from overseas. I had to pay for an unnecessary surgery ($4000) before 1/2
I was eligible for insurance. If I didn't have the  $$, I'd be uninsured. See how that works? 2/2
You need to call Governor Ducey at (602) 542-4331 and tell him your story.
Good idea Robert, I called him this morning but didn't explain WHY I was so passionate abt this-I'll call again tomorrow & tell him. Thanks!
Are you proud?!?  Answer my question.  In what way are you pleased with throwing 32 million American people off of health care?!?  Answer.
Shame on you! I hope the people of Arizona speak loudly and clearly at the ballot box. You have thrown the sick under the bus. No shame!
So who lined your pockets with cash, Governor?
Arizona is a big loser under this plan. Who do you represent, exactly?
How do you sleep at night?
How can you be so cavalier about American's lives? You know what will happen in your state. This bill is the true death panel.
https://goo.gl/images/BxTRvD 
BULLSHIT
Now that you know AZ would lose $11 billion and risk coverage for 400,000 low-income constituents, you'll release a new statement, right?
the cruelty of the @GOP no honest debate, no stakeholders allowed
#billcassidy I've done my research I don't listen to politicians If #GrahamCassidy passes remember him & millions more lives you've ruined
#misguidedfool
You think legislation will ever be done in regular order again. Where the people of this country can SEE IT?!
No matter who it hurts by cutting their much needed health care out! Just get anything done before the end of September. Right?
You will destroy the people of your state by supporting this bill.  Too late to ask you to have a heart, sold it long ago
It would behoove you to look at all the Health Agencies who oppose this
bill!  They obviously know of the damage it will do!
Non partisan Avalere prjojects $11 Billion lost to AZ with GCHJ. How do you expect to make up for that loss? #duceysucks
You need to go back to selling Ice Cream! What a failure you have been to AZ.
@SenJohnMcCain please vote NO on Graham / Cassidy! How could you of all people vote yes on this?
Shame on you!!!!!
Thank you #MAGA
You are a loathsome self serving human. Shame on you for not caring about Arizona's disabled children.
#Cassidycare #Theres no coverage #not4mothersnot #4babies #not4 the #ill #the dying #mentally ill or the poor #Why not call it #SLAVECARE
Arizona would lose $11 billion under Graham-Cassidy
Are u mad or just plain crazy? By 2026 ur state will loss $11B and $133B by 2036! How many citizens will that affect? Did u do any analysis?
Obamacare came from a Republican plan. You only hate it because you hated Obama. American health is our wealth.
Stop this madness and leave our healthcare alone.
What did the devil ask you for to get you to give us up for so little?
Last time our governor had "more flexibility and more options" she chose to slash funding and let people die.

Best path to take away or reduce coverage for thousands of Arizonans

Old enough to remember January when @dougducey said #Obamacare was 'one-sided & partisan. This time we should read the bill.' #GrahamCassidy 
have you visited town like Benson,Willcox? so many poor, old,disabled. expanded medicaid, ACA has improved med care here. now U destroy it.
You are betraying AZ.#GrahamCassidy robs 1.6 billion $ from AZ budget,denies coverage to 100s of thousands,destroys rural hcare. traitor
Judas got 30 pieces of silver. What did YOU get?
Congratulations on negatively impacting thousands upon thousands in your state and millions upon millions in our country. You're a monster.
Gutless, incoherent, mean-spirited, brash, bigoted, foolish, stupid. I'm predicting a cabinet position by 2018.
What planet are you living on, @dougducey?
Lmfao are you actually a jellyfish cause you're spineless
Millions will lose coverage. Older patients will pay way more. This bill is opposed by many top health orgs. #GrahamCassidy

NEW: Want to see how Graham-Cassidy ACA repeal transfers money around & impacts your state by 2026?

After that zeroes every state out. 
There is no logical reason for an AZ politician to be FOR this bill actually. It hurts your people & costs you $$. For whom are you working?
Shame on you! The people will not forget what you're trying to do to them.
Wow not one positive comment. Political suicide imho!
#GrahamCassidy is not a replacement for what you want repealed. Fess up, you just want repeal so millions of people will lose access to HC.
I'm so disappointed in your support of this!! When we lose our health care because of preexisting ailments we'll just send you the bill!! 
You and all of AZ know this is not true. Shame on you.
you evil man
This is a horrible bill and you know it!  Does not cover preexisting conditions and essential healthcare.  Rich get richer.  Pathetic.
having a few edible portions is the best way to serve moldy bread & moldy bread gives you more food options
You sir with all due respect are flat out retarded
Are you fucking kidding me! Douchey. You need to go away. Arizonan and you will be gone.
@dougducey Your disregard for health of AZ citizens is despicable. Give up yr health insurance then--pay out of your own damn pocket.
My statement on Doug Ducey

"A useless right wing Nazi piece of garbage"
Don't you GOP people ever quit? You're lazy as dogs on every other issue but when it comes to hurting people you're on it 24/7! Disgusting.
Fuck this
Shame on you! Why do you HATE us?

Your state loses $1.6 billion in federal funding under this plan. There's been no hearing, no CBO score. Any of that matter to you?
Mr Cassidy, your bill would slash Medicaid by billions & raise insurance premiums for middle class families like mine. That's unacceptable.
I feel like you're telling me that my family doesn't matter. Is this what you're saying to me and thousands of other families?
Do you believe healthcare is a right or a privilege? This bill does nothing to Improve the lives of #Louisiana, it outright attacks them.
I am absolutely disgusted that you would attach your name to this outright assualt on middle class families & the working poor. Shame on you
How do u justify supporting a bill that won't be scored by CBO b4 vote? U don't even know what consequences to AZ will be if bill passes!
#RepealACA #NoSinglePayerHealthCareSystemEver #SocialismSucks #CommunismSucksMore
Just think of how many babies will be born to the teenage girls raped by elitist white men like you. No PP, no more abortions. Good luck
I know a lot of your frat brothers from#ASU - they're all shaking their heads at what an idiot you've become #greedy #heartless
How can you make this choice without CBO score, without hearings? There is no pork-barrel "dividend" that will stop this from harming AZ.

Decision based on something other than well being of the people of Az since this bill is terrible for us. At least you're consistent.
Have you no soul? Listen to your PEOPLE? Your constituents. They want to keep ACA!
wow I wonder what they threatened him with. So many kids in his state will lose health care.  How can he do this to children?
So you want more Americans to die? More to go bankrupt just for having a baby? Or getting cancer? Or having autism? You don't care.
And by "the job" you mean fucking over as many Americans as humanly possible.
Yes, please take it out of the federal government hands.
The State of Arizona hasn't taken care of its most needy. Why would any reasonable person believe they'll start now? #NoRepealReplace
You should be deeply and completely ashamed of yourself. Screwing the people as a whole is not the answer. #shameful #disgraceful
@mattbc It seems more like a full repeal, and destroy some other stuff along the way. This is political vandalism.
Diappointed again in Arizona leadership.
I'd say you're the lowest of the low except there's so much competition. You're all packed like sardines in the lowest circle of hell.
Doubtful this clown has even read it. Hasn't even been scored.
No!  Do not!  This is another shoddy attempt to take health care away. Not bipartisan. TrumpCare is like Trump > bad.
Wow why are these people being so cruel
Shame on you! You are willing to throw the people of your state under the bus? For what? Your party? Can't wait to vote you out.
This is what you're promoting? 
Plan on your support causing you to lose your bid for reelection. The #Resistance is coming for you.
And then what?  How will Arizonans afford health care?  What will be the impact on our economy? #bankruptcy #hospitals #JobsLost
BUT THERE. IS. NO. REPLACE. Lies, lies, and more lies.
Happy to see you just drove a nail into you and the evil #GOP. See you in August #2018, Doug. What is your real last name again?
Nothing like signing a bill that will kill Americans... And them calling yourself a Patriot
You mean it's time to remove healthcare from people. You can no longer pretend you represent citizens. You're putting party over lives.
repeal and replace doug ducey.
NO IT ISNT   OMG WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU MEN.... THIS IS WORSE..... WHY NOT DO WHAT WE THE PEOPLE WANT NOT YOUR EVIL KING
Voters beware: Ducey & Cassidy+their families will not be affected by #grahamcassidy. They keep preexist condition coverage. U+ur fam don't.
You and McCain are disgraceful.
This will be awful for the people of Arizona. Our health insurance will be more expensive and fewer people will have access to care.
We loose $1.6 BILLION in federal funding.
WHAT options & flexibility would we have with NO MONEY?
Why do you want to hurt your constituents?
Bulls--t. This bill is a killer and you know it.
Your support of this bill is UNACCEPTABLE
 Its an abomination!
 If this bill passes I will dedicate my life to seeing u removed from office!
Sick #Trumpcare
Why do you want to throw millions off? Why do you support bankrupting people and the industries making record profits? I don't support you.
Your job is to protect citizens, not throw them to the wolves. For once, do the honorable and compassionate thing. Otherwise, resign.
Shame on you!!!
