Can you seek fame and favor through some other avenue, one that doesn't deprive millions of access to healthcare?
Exactly how is sen. Cassidy depriving millions from healthcare? That's what ObamaCare does and why it's collapsing and needs replacement.
Wake up!
ObamaCare was a lie from Day 1. ACA architect said voters are "stupid" and will believe anything. You continue to lie to fed-up tax-payers.
You should care significantly less about his optimism, and be more focused on the anger from your constituents concerning your performance.
How do you know he's not getting more calls that affirm his actions?
I've spent the better part of the last year researching this issue and speaking to hundreds of constituents. Betrayal is the common theme.
Oh wow hundreds!!! Well then....
You're absolutely correct. My research and advocacy surely isn't as extensive as yours. I've only been able to speak to a mere 872 people.
Good for you.  People are so trustworthy too.
I agree, wholeheartedly. I'm sorry that Representative Browne did a terrible job representing you. Were you able to voice your concerns?
She went to jail, and no she doesn't represent me. Congrats on taking to almost 900 people out of almost 5M in Louisiana....
Why did you lie when you indicated you required any healthcare bill to pass the Kimmel test? Why? Do better. We expect more.
He needs to shut his lobbyist whore mouth.
(2/2) of The Party of People Who Simply Do Not Care.
Trump doesn't know a damn thing about health care.  He's 4 wealth care.  What r Republicans for??
DJT likes Graham-Cassidy because it's a tricky way to kill Medicaid access & give th $$ to billionaires. Learn here:
#Flattax #TaxReform. Try what Cruz suggested. Lower taxes and simple tax code. #FightForLiberty.
Tax reform: Flat tax! End: Loopholes, death tax & overseas profit tax, ACA taxes & lower corporate rate. Reform IRS
Time for constitutional conservatives to stand in righteousness and TRUTH! NO RINO manipulations!
Well, he thinks you spend $12 a year on healthcare and at 70 have quite the little nest egg.
Keep your word #CleanRepeal Put Congress back under #ACA
#FAIRtax
Sell out
You need to back slowly away from my (our) healthcare.  If you're not going to repair and strengthen the ACA, just walk away.

This new @BillCassidy plan is not "Cassidy/Collins." Contains deep cuts, especially to Medicaid. #lasen  https://twitter.com/jleibenluft/status/891398720545226753 …
But what does Jimmy Kimmel have to say about it?
On slim chance Sen. Cassidy/staff reads this, be aware most comments arguing against GOP are fake, hack accounts - not real Louisianians.
Sweeping statement Mr. Incorrect in ur assumption. I'm a Louisianan + called, wrote + signed 4 Cassidy 2 vote no as did thousand others
Operative word "was" #giveup #peopleoverpolitics #SaveACA
Full Repeal Obamacare NOW!
You could show him a takeout menu that "repeals Obamacare," and he would say it's tremendous.  Don't pretend he knows or cares about policy.
Trump would be happy to sign a bill that said that health insurance plans would only cover Advil.
You broke your promise to your constituents.
Excellent
Nope
Be quiet. You gave the citizens of Louisiana short-shrift in your eagerness to be a lapdog for a political party and a demented president.
President Trump was optimistic about Jeff Sessions and Reince Priebus too!
Don't let him fool you; he didn't care what was in the proposal, he would sign anything so he could say he abolished the ACA.
U are steadfast in holding your ideology over the wellbeing of the people of the United States. As a constituent, I can't wait 4 #2020.
So you are bound and determined to be a one-term senator.
You made yourselve look like a gutless party stooge by taking a stand then caving. Thank god John McCain had the guts to be a patriot
How did that work out??
Your plan will not work You are sloughing the problem off but it will not go away until you do what is right. You know that Be Responsible
Oh good Lord is that the best you can do?  Put on your big boy pants and #FixACA #bipartisan
Nice reaching across the aisle. YOU NEED TO WORK WITH DEMOCRATS AND ACTUAL WOMEN TO DECIDE WOMEN'S HEALTHCARE.
Cassidy's desperation for political relevance is pathetic.
Why not Dr. Carson's plan?  Lindsey Graham's part in this proposal would be a no for me
Wow! What an accomplishment! #YouSuck
And..His goal is to get something w/o Obama's name on it & give billionaires a tax cut at the expense of middle class. Are u proud of that?
U know damn well women use Planned Parenthood 4 all med services. U also know Trump's an unhinged ignoramus.
Why do either of you still belive Trump? You are old enough to know better
And you think that's a good thing  #Resist
You reneged on all of your promises. Now it's time to make ACA better.
Don't make me laugh. Trump just called the GOP senators fools. Why do you remain Trump's lackey? He doesn't care about you or the GOP.
Will this proposal help those who a brutalized by police as the president ordered?
And lets all continue 2 pretend we don't have a dangerously mentally ill POTUS. Doctor, first do lots of harm.
The bill could say to drop sick people off onto a glacier to die & he'd sign it just to get a "win". Work w/ Ds to improve the ACA, please.
I'm optimistic about you losing re-election
Congress should not be exempt. Include yourselves in whatever you pass for the citizens.
How #grahamcassidyheller fulfill Rep. campaign promises? I'll just leave this here and wait for a response on this rainy #saturdaymorning.
Once more men are deciding healthcare options for women. This is disgusting.
Translation: Putin likes me trying to promote my own career at the expense of the lives of Americans
Let's face it, Sen. Cassidy. The GOP has the WH, the House & the Senate and they still can't deliver on that which they promised. Terrible!
It's just as punitive as the bills that have already been voted down. Work with Dems to fix ACA.
Removes mandate. No insurance is irresponsible and destroys "insurance" bus. model=rate increase. The #aca core is good.Fix the admin probs.
Don't forget to reverse the administrative/committee sabotage Trump & Republicans have used to destabilize #aca for political gain.
Did you read the entire article?  How about addressing the issues in last paragraph? 13-16% of Americans want REPEAL--how about we repair?
"President" trump is an ignorant bully who tries to strong arm people and then behaves like a child when he can't. Distance yourself.
But you lost just like Trump did so that Senator makes you  looser as well. Thank God for John McCain a true American Senator. Take note
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
Well, if treasonous traitor, pathological liar, bigoted, serial sex offender @realDonaldTrump vouches for you.... 
On 7/28/17, under cover of night, MULTIMILLIONAIRE @BillCassidy voted to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS to give TAX CUTS to RICH!!!

#COWARD
#HisLastTerm
He was also optimistic about Repeal & Replace. Work together and do yourself a favor. Whatever you propose you also get - no exclusions
How will you ensure states will administer in a way that will pass the The Kimmel Test?
Cassidy served in legislature & knows LA will not. When budget doesn't balance (always), cuts in healthcare and higher ed are first in line.
Yep you're right about that @Junebug082
Your constituents were not. How could you be ok with dropping the worker mandate? Very disappointed in you as my senator.
Past tense.
Seriously @BillCassidy ... nobody believes he reads anything longer than a tweet, or comprehend what health insurance is #KeepDreaming
Trump is not someone you want to endorse your bill.
He has no clue on policy Doctor. He just wants a win. Does it covers more people at lower prices?? PreEx protections?
I would not call him doctor he broke his oath of do no harm. He is a liar and Trump puppet just as Trump is Putin's puppet.
This is not a glowing endorsement.
it must be horrific....no thanks
