#lies #fraud good thing you lost #loser #fail
Dr. Cassidy,

You should quit your day job

You're probably less dangerous to individual patients vs pushing bills to kill people

#SaveACA
Damn, caricatures are brutal, aren't they 
Only problem is that by the time you get to page 145 protections for pre-existing conditions are gone.
The highlighted part is on page 11, as you can see at the top of the page.
You don't see the 11 at the top of the page? It's right about the words "health assistance." If you're having trouble, ask someone to help.
States get waiver allows them to vary cost for pre-exist. Full amendment, pre-exist mentioned 1 time, p. 197. https://www.congress.gov/crec/2017/09/13/CREC-2017-09-13-pt1-PgS5487.pdf …

Under #GrahamCassidy instability would dramatically increase over next 2 yrs bc every state must create new health care system w/o resources 
New name for your bill, Assidy: AuschwitzCare.
I'm calling bullshit. Your arguments on the CNN debate are weak, and deceptive. No on #GrahamCassidy.
But you don't define affordable or have any enforcement mechanism. That clause is just there so you can pretend you're covering those people
Sure that page guarantees it...after the state has already taken EHB’s from these patients, which will bring back annual and life limits.
EHB’s are what allows cancer patients to have chemo, testing, scans, and prescriptions all covered; no limits; out of pocket maximums.
Cancer patients will pay 150,000 out of pocket minimum
Cassidy thinks just by telling us “he’s a doc” that we should believe him on this. He’s wrong and it’s because he’s either lying or stupid.
Both but he is a huge liar,  did it right to his face on TV.  Ask Kimmel.  See his clip on it.
Cassidy's wife, Laura, is running a shady "F" rated govt funded charter school for dyslexics that preys on mostly minority children....
When Cassidy ran for the senate, the charter school got an $1 million unsecured loan from an anonymous letter. Not only is Laura Cassidy..
operating an failing charter school, she is operating another "not-for-profit" in the same building paid for by the taxpayers of LA. ...
I posted lots of info about the Cassidys & the school here.
Joining @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews shortly.
Cassidy is not impressing me at all.
He's bitching the other side wouldn't help him in bipartisan effort. Did LA take Medicaid expansion?
Cassidy's Planned Parenthood explanation makes no sense 
@shrinkydinkmd
WTF was that?!
WE all see through
This WON'T protect US w/ pre-existing!
Read ENTIRITY-not pieces
Millions will be harmed!
RT
#VoteNoGrahamCassidy
He knows,  he lies
You just keep telling it Koch puppet! you're a liar everyone sees you for who you really are now.400 mil to GOP if bill passes yeah ok bud
Ha ha ha Koch bros., u lost,  so did GOP,  they won't get their 400m extortion$.
Oink! Oink! Oink! Cassidy slips $750m in his bill for LA.
This is a smoke-and-mirrors language designed to fool people into believing they'll be safe.
Well said
There is a special place in Hell for rich people who take away healthcare from poor people. Go to Hell, Senator. #GrahamCassidy
Healthcare from everyone
But doesn't say anywhere that they have to do it. Cool.
Why doesn't congress do anything to address the skyrocketing cost of services. Could it be to protect those who benefit from this $ystem?
Let's get this straight..so I would need to hope that my state decides NOT to waive my right for comprehensive care? Sorry, don't trust that
This is a shameless lie.
No Senate bill was overall very bad. U should have EASILY Quickly passed the HOUSE bill thru. Very angry at the entire Senate esp u G & GOP
No, it doesn't. It is easy to get a waiver and it may be 'available' but prices it out of reach.
Yeah, sure.  And I'm Batman.
Adequate and affordable who determines that?Tell the truth don’t lie or misinform your playing god with people’s lives don’t lie
That's not at all what this says. People can actually read.
Where is "adequate and affordable" defined?
Coverage is worthless if you can't afford it. How the hell do I know I'll still be covered AND will still be able to afford my plan?
BS YOU GIVE STATES THE RIGHT TO END PREEXISTING COND. THE STATES CAN DENY INS. TO DISABLED ELDERLY & PATIENTS HV NO SAY! STOP F'ING W US!
All that clause "ensures" is that you won't have to do it. The states will have to, if they can, or, more to the point, if the want.
LIAR!!!!!
People in TX have 2 have income <25% of FPL (around $5,000/yr 4 family of 3) to qualify for Medicaid.  Otherwise they have 2 buy their own.
If they think a family of 3 making $5,000/yr can afford to buy their own health care, I don't trust their idea of 'affordable.'
Most states that didn't take the Medicaid expansion put much stricter requirements on Medicaid eligibility than the federal gov't requires
Non-disabled adults with no children qualify for nothing. The federal gov't doesn't require that-those states decided it.
The federal gov't didn't ruin health care. Medicare works. Medicaid works. VA works. It's for profit insurance companies that are a disaster
Bernie pointed out the hypocrisy of GOP talking about choice. Only choices I see GOP giving people is the ones they decide we should have
My skin crawled watching you on the debate tonight. Pure slime.
Adequate coverage is scary sounding
I'm sorry sir we just don't believe you
would u say this UNDER OATH ? if not Delete this TWEET !
He is saying it under oath. They all take an oath when elected, part of which has this pack of liars promising to serve honorably.
It absolutely doesn't
If you wanted to put legal language in the bill to ensure it meant something, you could've. But you didn't. This clause is weak on purpose.
If it does, why did you have to arrest this person today. The arrests today were an insult to the flag.
A description is not a guarantee for protection. You either don't know the definition of description or you are a con man.

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
This is simply not true. Your bill doesn't provide the funding states would need to make this happen. You changed to 'shall' to appease.

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 

Senator Collins opposes Graham-Cassidy health care bills http://bit.ly/2wPKVKP  
LIAR.
Actually it does not guarantee those with pre-existing conditions will be treated fairly or will have access to quality care.
With one hand you give, with the other you take away
When you leave out the other parts, u show how craven u really are!
But, they don't.
@polishk Bill, wht is adequate ?? U  mean I only get 50 % instead of 100% ? plz do explain 2 me. I pay your salary by the way-9.25.17
SHAME ON YOU, Senator Bill Cassidy! You lie to the American people.
A description is not the same as protection.   They don't have anywhere near the same meaning.  Nice try.  thanks for playing.
Bill you lie. Keep reading-the protection is lost later in the text. #pantsonfire
That's not protection & you know it. After all, as you INCESSANTLY remind us, you're a doctor. Stop lying, for God's sake.
#HealthCareDebate
What is affordable to you is unlikely for the rest of us!
Clown

Bill I hope your voting block hates your shitty outlook as much as I do thinking you couldn't shower with the team
Why not do it under Regular Order, like the ACA? Maybe you should have put the ENTIRE bill on the internet, so we could all see it.
Have you read it? You lie.
Liar.
BS you should be ashamed!
LIAR.
The father who asked him to promise his daughter would be covered for  (Leukemia) pre-ex-cond,  he never promised.
According to all medical orgs and experts, it doesn't.  Why do you keep insisting it does? Please stop lying, people will be hurt.
LIAR
Liar
New CBO report.  "CBO: Number of insured 'reduced by millions' under GOP health bill"
Give it up dude. Our whole state of Louisiana is embarrassed behind what you're doing. Respect our wishes and ride into the sunset with this
Someone has to be in his pocket and he's expecting a very big payday is this passes.   That's why he's pushing  these lies
Stalling tactics to keep the attention off of Single Payer. Single Payer shifts the burden from middle class to the Rich. It's their turn.
Why is the AMA agaisnt it? It's trash and will not pass.
You're screwing millions of Americans out of their health care liar. #CBO #kimmel
All politics aside,just as a human being, what is wrong with you?
Stop.
Those of us who read the bill know you're a liar.
Go ahead ! Take the vote n I'm taking names to see who likes their Donors better then the people that voted 4 them
A description is bullshit. No.
Hey Cassidy-If your bill is SOOOOO great why is Senator Collins a woman against it?  Your bill is an attack on WOMEN!
No sane person would ever vote for this bill. Except Republicans being bought by Koch!!  Burn this bill and move on!
It's really shameful that you would try to take a well designed program that you could easily FIX but NO not Republicans
Experts on the  subject of pre-existing conditions, but appears to allow insurers to  charge people more based on their health status.
So generous of you to begrudgingly take care of the poor dear doctor. Eventually, you would get a senate seat and make them pay dearly.
How the hell can you even put this up to vote when every medical association sees its not designed well enough
Because that's not vague at all...
No Bill ! It does not ! The states only have to sign a waiver from the crook Tom Price Mr.Big Shot now
#Graham-Cassidy is totally unrealistic as the previous @SenateGOP attempts at #Healthcare #Bipartisan approach listen to @SenatorJMcCain
What he is not telling you are the rates will be so affordable one will lose coverage anyway. The unknown FACTS on the rates.
What about caps?
Back to the drawing board Bill. Dems and republicans have to take the time to make this right for all Americans
Where are the rate charts? Tell them they wont be able to afford those SKY high rates in the "high risk pool"
ACA law states "Pre-existing condition exclusions prohibited in all health insurance plans"

ENOUGH SAID
REPUBLICAN PARTY WANTS MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY  MONEY MONEY MONEY MONEY  FOR BILLIONAIRE'S  FUG EM
You can not even answer a question directly. Typical politician.  Lame @CNN @CNNPolitics
Dude, "Ensure" means more than just a delicious nutrition shake. Unless you provide a more solid guarantee, you're misusing the word here.
Or are you just going to stammer a fake number over and over? Do better or quit.
So the free market is good... Except with respect to drug prices? What are you Republicans about? Do you have any core values?
Ooh, "a description." Come, ye ailing & halt, & shelter under the mighty protection of "a description." A standardless, BS "description."
Have you TRIED shaking Canada like a piggybank? Seems like more thought went into that than this bill.
America wants a second opinion
Bullshit Casdidy!  Your performance on CNN is BIGLY SAD. U DONT EVEN KNOW THE DANGERS OF YOUR OWN BILL. GC=deathcare
NEW: Blue Cross plans on Graham-Cassidy

Refutes everything Cassidy has been saying.

https://www.bcbs.com/news/press-releases/blue-cross-blue-shield-association-statement-graham-cassidy-health-care-reform … …


Excellent. @jimmykimmel is a liar. #RepealObamacare
NOT ACCORDING TO THE CBO.
I’m one of your constituents. Please define the terms “access”, “adequate,” and “affordable.” Thank you for your response.
Universal Healthcare to save America $$$ not giving it to Big Pharma lobbyists.
They're tossing out "socialism" to scare a base that doesn't understand collective risk and benefit-or the meaning of the word.
Liar
We, the public, underwrite drug discovery. Pharmaceutical companies are wildly profitable. They also spend millions on lobbying.
Billy Boy - whatever credibility you had from your years as a doctor serving patients is gone forever in your service to this Death Bill.
#LIES
Liar.

Say it all you want, still won't make it true. I'm watching the debate and I wonder if you had acting lessons before or after caffeine(?)?
DEFINE AFFORDABLE...EVERYTHING IS AFFORDABLE FOR RICH MILLIONAIRES...NOT NECESSARILY AFFORDABLE FOR MOST PEOPLE
That's not "protection." That's an invitation to states to decide to raise your premiums and exclude your preferred-existing conditions.
Just heard u lying on TV- funny thing u get so much money from the Kochs & Devos family? Hope we meet #GoldStarDad
YOU ARE A LIAR. Stop it already. 
Bernie is owning you right now.
Funny that even the health insurance industry and every major medical organization disagrees with you on this point? All say NOT protected!
@LindseyGrahamSC you're no better than your crypt keeper doctor of death charlatan   fellow non statesman. Shame on you both
Just has to provide a "description" of how the state shall provide...does not mean state has to follow through #terrible
You @BillCassidy aren't telling the whole truth. People with pre-existing conditions will have premiums they can't afford. Some Dr. you are!
He is a liar.
Can you just go back to being a doctor and stop this politics gig you are terrible #dumpGrahamCassidy
Bro this is sad. You’re trying to convince people to trust the government with the definition of avordable with zero guidelines.
You say you trust the governors. You must not have met our Texas gov Abbott. Untrustworthy.
No sir. Your language is intentionally vague.
SERIOUSLY, sir? A "DESCRIPTION" of how they'll "maintain access"?  That would be laughably lame, if people weren't going to die in result.
How are adequate and affordable defined?
Koch puppet the end..contrast that to CBO 32 mil..try buying more votes POS. @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC you fail at lying an humanity
Near future: Hey, bill cassidy got cancer and died.

Americans with pre-existing conditions: Good

You keep claiming $39k premium is typical.  It is not.
And your obsession with Amy is realllllly weird stop #dumpGrahamCassidy
Access doesn't = coverage. #SinglePayer #HealthCareForAll
You lied right to the face of that girl with leukemia. Wow. No soul.
I can put a tag in my jeans that says "Size 2." Doesn't make them a size 2. Stop LYING!
R
Stick where the sun don't shine
Do Some Research sheeppl.  #GrahamCassidy is the perfect Compromise solution.

#ReadTheBill
Make a cognitive argument or close ur piehole.
Waste of time. Go find a dictionary and look up comprimise.
Grab your Merriam-Webster and look up "adequate." Any person with a modicum of intelligence recognizes your flop-doodle.
"Affordable" is a *very* loose term. So is "adequate." You can see how that may be confusing for "good" insurance companies.
Sorry Bill, it's over, done, finito, your 10 minutes of fame are over.
Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar.
A detriment to the people.
Absolute bull shit bad bil Cassidy
Fail this does not work. Your bill sucks
Mr. Cassidy, your bill does not stop insurance companies from charging $43,000 dollars a year.  They will continue to make record profits.
Sir, I have been paying penalties for both my spouse &myself4>10. When does it end in this new policy?I can't get a straight answer. Will U?
10 years
#Lies
Liar.  How do you sleep at night.
Only not really according to anyone who can read #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
Why do you lie?!
Sen @BillCassidy called our reading of his health care bill on pre-existing conditions false. Here’s how we read it: http://n.pr/2fAWevD  https://twitter.com/BillCassidy/status/910316563047337984 …
You talk about your anecdotal story of one case. How about what will happen to the millions of people? Doesnt fit you lie huh?
The minute a dr becomes a politician they should revoke medical license to practice just a fundamental conflict of interest god speed
And absolutely no Enforcement of that. It has been PROVEN that your bill does not protect those with pre-existing conditions. STOP LYING.
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
protect us from unattainable premiums?  You promise? Liar
It literally says they must provide A DESCRIPTION. Not an actually plan. #GrahamCassidy is all about killing people with weasel words.
A description of a plan? Wth. I hearby declare that the Saints must give a description of a plan to attend the Superbowl this season.
You're getting your ass smoked on natl TV. You should be embarrassed talking to this young girl as your bill will bankrupt her family. Sad!
Adequate may be a band aid vs stitches
Hey Bill, that couple who pays 39k, how much do they make a year??  I am sure you will tell us.
Over $250K. So let's talk %.... We can do Math Bill!
#GrahamCassidyNO you lie
That's what I thought...
But then again, I'm not trying to get $ for my campaign & trying to lie to my constituents
This isn’t a guarantee

That doesn't mean it'll be affordable, you ass-wipe.
Lie
You’re a liar and a terrible person. Go away.
How are you tweeting AND participating in a town hall?

Stop with the fucking lies already. Oh wait - that's how the GOP rolls...
This literally has no content at all. Like zilch, nill, nada.


Is it becoming easier to lie?

