One final day to ask the GOP Senate to have a vote on the health-care bill with your name on it. But you're too chicken. PATHETIC!!
I think we're seeing a future policeman.  Bravo young man!
Love the police
I wish you will become God fearing police w/ sincere heart will follow the law and lead by example in all situation God bless u kid
Trump's Fake News Con Trump is Boycotting his Wall 1st 2 send 2 Billion 4 Puerto Rico relief so stop re-tweet'n Trump Donate 2 Puerto Rico
My faith in humanity is restored.
So cute 
Nope, not a cynical attempt to spin the narrative on cop behavior, nothing to see here. Someone just happened to be recording. #FakeFox #Sad
Someone does something nice for a kid, and you come complain because you can't accept that there are good police officers
There are many great police officers. It's just suspicious when these videos go viral. Like someone is arranging it for PR purposes.
Or maybe there are just good people out there.
This young man likely knows more about the law than Trump does.
Please watch this short video and share.#TheFatherEffect bring hope and healing to those who have been wounded by abusive or absentee Fathers
Time is running out for you to hold vote on your signature health care bill. But you're too much of a damn chicken. PATHETIC!
Adorable!
That's what we need more of teachable moments
God Bless America and everyone EVERYONE who is of good cheer and standing for doing the right thing.  Amen.  This looks lovely in my Garden today
Beautiful! I love sunflowers and so do the birds.
That's what I'm talkin about  Adorable, role models !!!!
Priceless
Oh look he's teaching him how to pull black people over awwwweeee
Looks like u lying to Kimmel like a 4 yr old.  How did that work out for u?
The officers kindness to the little boy will be with him forever. May god bless him and protect him.
GREAT STEPS-THANK you!!! I LOVE THIS!!! #Teaching #EMPATHY at a young age will #CULTIVATE #MONUMENTAL #positivechanges  !!!
Beautiful. 
More of This! Less of the Main Stream Media and @NFL
It's really great to actually see a video of good things! Love for my home; Louisiana
He gonna shoot every toddler that goes before him on the swing set
Aawh, now that's cute!
Fox news you might upset your fan base with this 1. They're not use to seeing a thread like this.
Awesome 
Sure the left will say something stupid like they did when great young man mowed White House lawn.
Hate to be the negative nancy here (i love this video) but in todays climate thats dangerous for that kid.
.? No he's not!
Don't be silly
Precious!
Hey. Not. Th. LAWN. #But. This. Is. GREAT. 
We should introduce him to our 4-year old president!
Too cute!
@JJPhillips15 Hope you like this! I did, but that's me.
Has the left denounced him as a racist yet?
Fox posted something decent.  For a change.
Good Job Officers….
How long before some lib begins to scream about the TOY GUN on that kids belt? They expell students his age from school for that lol
Is BLM going to call for this little guys death now as well?
Stop sending your white children to be cops & military they are subverting & undermine our system.  Go be a senator or representative.
What are you talking about
Like we have been saying, not all cops are bad, good and bad in every walk of life
WE KNOW WHAT HE WILL B WHEN HE GROWS UP.
HE'S A GOOD BOY!
If only his and all kids upbringing, regardless of race, ethnicity, or gender can be incorporated in their lives this way. World would be 
Great cop, lucky kid.
Hey BLM, wadda ya have to say
about this? I bet it ain't good.
 So cute! 
That is so sweet!
Don't worry. Libs will come to the rescue.
Will probably bring suit against the police force for violating child labor laws,,,
Very cool  #MAGA
@FeistyRealist
two
great job you teo
be careful someone wil try to kil the little guy.
Some idiot would be more than happy to shoot him.
How totaly cute! Bravo mom and dad for caring for your son. Spending time with him to make him an honest honerable man some day. Take a bow!
Don't let the NFL players see this
Pretty cool !!
That's great
And they pulled over a black guy!!!!
A police officer and his partner, that is classic...
What about child labor laws??? Trump is catching all kinds of flack because a teenager was mowing the White House lawn!
Lovely police  man cute but he need stairs to be up to talk to the drivers
Did he eat a donut?
This is the example children need to see more of.. not kneeling and appearing to show disrespect for America.
And you won't see this on @CNN @MSNBC and the Rest if the #bias #MEDIA
Adorable and so glad this little guys dream came true. Let's see if anyone slams this beautiful gesture. 
ANTIFA would punch the kid in the face
Absolutely love it. Working together
Contrary to see what you see in the, conflict hyping, viewer&reader grubbing,MSM,or the NFL,there is no race war going on.Officer Tyson Hero
My ! Policeman rock!!
Just watch the funny heart warming stories for FOX. they always bring you the LIGHTER side of things.
CEO of FOX on 8/16 knew the racist TRUMP so well he donated one million to anti-deformation league. What's YOUR excuse?
Trump supporters don't give a SHIT about anyone but themselves. Most selfish disgusting excuses for a human.  Who is living in Puerto Rico?
How many times will you tweet this fox?
TRUMP not a racist? No he just stopped relief to Puerto Rico over restrictions he LIFTED for Florida & Texas. Why? he can get away with it.
We deserve TRUMP. Self centered selfish hate filled nation. no outcry 2 weeks after disaster in Puerto Rico? You deserve Trump.
Thank u for showing this Wish u can show a lot because I've watched & was touched what the good cops do They don't get credit
RACIST PIG TRUMP denies shipping fuel to Puerto Rico. he lifted restriction for us WHITE state emergencies in Texas and Florida.
How I LOVE this!! Actually brought a tear to my eye.  More please!!!
See Americans this is what I have been saying They never show the good things the cops do We have mostly good cops & some bad needs to go
LOVE IT!!!!
Omg too cute!
POLL: Is Trump or FOX the most gutless cowards on this planet? One declared his racism, the other goes along for the (profit) ride.
The light side of FOX NEWS? Like the light side of a black hole.
Is he gonna train the kid to be a cocky sob also?
Meet the CEO of FOX. He donated one million to anti-deformation league but suppressed the story. Gutless & coward just like TRUMP!
Very sweet
Love it. This is my town
Now thats working with the community very much unlike all those NFL so called players !!!!
Behold, a Patriot helping a baby Patriot represent Patriotic ideology in the land ruled by FREE people who are now dead from their sacrifice
So he can be shot at.... god forbid he shoots back,it's like they rather a dead cop than a fucking criminal
The criminals and kneelers didn't have parents that cared for them or spent time with them. It shows now when they are adults.
There's real news to report, Fox. #DrainTheSwamp

Way to go that is awesome!
AHEM !!!!
How long before this little SOB shoots a person of color
That's racist charge him with Rape
Any moment now, some left wing, fringe party democrat will tweet out about child labor law or union wage on a phone made by a kid in CHINA.
If only Fox chose to run stories like this all time and not selectively to push an agenda. (Same for other networks too)
So cute!
Aww
Those stops are illegal
Where’s the left on this. Silent
Does everything have to be about left and right. Some little kid had his day made. Enjoy the simple things in life.
Too cute!
So awesome. We should be replicating this throughout the USA.
I wonder what spin the Liberals will put on this?
Ironic that the driver he stopped was black and hadn't done anything wrong. Just sayin'.
How awesome!  This makes my heart smile...
Learning Respect from the childhood! Thank You
Doing what all Louisiana police do. Harassing people minding there own business! Lol
But don't you see, he's a "Living Genius."
So cute
This is nothing short of awesome..
Obviously a four year-old white supremacist
The Fact that the NFL Players an Owners Stand against Our Police Ina Sapport of Black Lives Matter Discusses me! Protect an Defend
Wut?
This was wonderful & there should be more interaction with the police & little kids.This boy will remember this day for the rest of his life
Everyday! This is the face of our #Police True heroes for our children! #BackTheBlue 
God bless our LEOs proud to have been onr
Awesome!
What if the guy pulling up in his car was a wacko and had something serious to hide. Pulled out a gun and started firing.
Is that what Canadians think of us? Yeah, makes sense.
Let's make sure he doesn't grow up to be one of taught correctly!
That is true, but especially from 1 majority race, which is the problem.
White people use blacks skin color for their excuse.
A black officer teaching a young white boy. Where’s BLM? Oh right doesn’t fit their narrative
Why would BLM be involved with this?
Does the NFL hate him too?
There is hope!! A good man mentoring a future good man #moralcompass
This is what makes America Great Again! #MAGA #AMERICAFIRST
Awesome work OFFICERS!
Nice to see something happy.
Excellent
hey Trumpers! - you voted for a tax increase. Congrats!
you won't catch a WHITE cop doing this with a BLACK kid
Maybe you should research more instead of trying to discriminate why can't you take this for how it is a good cop coaching a kid no color.

Because it's a nice story
We need more stories like this... well done Fox
Way to go, Officer Tyson!
Keep him away from #NFL player Isaiah Crowell. http://www.complex.com/sports/2016/07/isaiah-crowell-apologizes-instagram-photo-cop-throat-slit …
cute
I hope he learns to not shoot unarmed civilians
What I was thinking.
Had to meet you with the hijacked car, but we couldn't get one in time so we went for a pint.

