This is such bs
Who ever told you 40k a year premium is a lier and so are you!
We want thoughtful bipartisan reform of the ACA. Not a bad bill rammed down our throats that helps no one but the 1%.
Why has GOP worked tirelessly of sabotage #ACA, starting wrefusing to expand medicaid? Then eliminated risk corridors? #GrahamCassidy 1/2
Both of which destabilized markets causing insurers to raise premiums in states that didn't expand/to drop out. #Whosefault? #GrahamCassidy
false choice, billy
My family pays $6500 for silver plan. Stop with the very atypical $40k BS.
And the lies continue.
STOP sabotaging ACA. @GOP work with @TheDemocrats & fix it. Quit bartering US lives 2feed DJT or Koch ego. Grow up.
Doing nothing is not an option. Families who can't afford their $40,000 premiums need help. https://www.wsj.com/articles/republicans-get-one-last-chance-on-obamacare-reform-1505948601 …
@POTUS @AP MY HEALTH INS PREM CRUSHED ME$$ ENTIRE LIFE I PAID..NOW I HAVE NO INS!! AMABOCARE - REVERSE OBAMACAREIts crushing!!$$ AMABOCARE
LIAR!
Who said "do nothing"?!? Ever heard of the bipartisan effort that was in-flight?

BTW -- there's a big difference between "shall" & "must".
Well Texas is one of the cheapest states and no plan I researched cost 40k a year the biggest issue is the oop of $6700
Higher premiums & less coverage for many of those hard working American families won't help and that's exactly what would happen w/ ur bill.
Try brining a bill to the table that actually helps the American people. One that goes after the insurance companies. #GrahamCasiddy=Garbage
I bet if congress would get off their golden plan, y'all would take care of the health care issue. #termlimitsforcongress
This bill empowers the states to return to the days of preexisting conditions & lifetime caps.

STOP LYING THAT IT DOESN'T.
If it was a wonderful bill he'd be honest about what it does. But he lies bc it kills ppl. But wins him Koch $ And that's all he cares about
Exactly.  This is about campaign money.
LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR!

#KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyNO
You are a sniveling f*ckstick
ditto!!
Fix Ocare. Your bill is a sham.

#GrahamCassidyBill #KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Your bill will add $37,000+ to our premiums IF our preexisting conditions are covered. I have very expensive meds & specialists. I will die.
We're not saying do nothing. Finish the bipartisan talks & fix ACA. But to ram this bill through is murder. #DrDeath
Veronica, I'm so sorry for your situation. We just escaped into Medicare in the past year.  I wonder when the GOP is going to go after that.
I'm sorry too Molly. Even with the 3 promised no votes I'm going to continue to call until this is really dead for good.
The last best chance to save America from socialism.  Please sign your name.
Voting NO is the only option you've given to fair and honest people. Your Prez ran on better, cheaper & covers more people. This is a TURD.


You may have forgotten, "First, do no harm."
Yes Dr Asshole.

Instead of trying to ram disasters through, maybe you and the rest of the Trump Toadies should give bipartisanship a shot
No one in this country pays 40K a year for healthcare.   Why can't you be honest?  It's not hard to find highest cost in every state city
you are correct, doing nothing is not an option so step down now before u start killing ur own constituents and others across the US

This is it! Senate Finance Committee needs to hear from you before Monday’s #GrahamCassidy hearing. Email gchcomments@finance.senate.gov
So instead of doing nothing you're pushing a shameful bill. How do you live with yourself?
So you would rather kick millions off healthcare? 
Then stabilize the markets and craft a bill that actually helps not hurts millions! This bill is shameful! Hurts my disabled son! Lifethreat
Maybe if @GOP committed to the cost saving payments, rates wouldn't be so high.  The uncertainty in the market is the reason for high prices
Every GOP plan raises those premiums even more.
That's true. And you could work w Dems to fix that. But you won't.
U R a LIAR "Indeed, average annual costs per person hit $10,345 in 2016, that's not 40k LIAR!! @realDonaldTrump @GOP
Your plan is atrocious
This exists because you all have allowed insurance companies to hold our healthcare system hostage to their bottom line. #MedicareForAll
@POTUS @AP Keep pushing!! Pull healthcare out of the SWAMP and back to the states and communities!! AMABOCARE - TODAY!
How the hell is he allowed to keep lying with his crap bill.
I think that we need to screen poltitions with a lie detector test!
@POTUS @AP Thank you Sen. Cassidy!! Reverse OBAMACARE - AMABACARE - AMERICANS MANDATE AFFORDABLE BETTER OPTIONS!! I had to let my ins go$$$
We have insurance through employer and our deductible is 9k, your friends at Aetna pocketing the money
You enabled those $40k price tags in the first place, don't act all high and concerned now.  You are fronting for tax cheats #KochWhore
Who is arguing to "do nothing"?! Stop wasting our time w/your dishonest straw man argument & your bad bill. American people deserve better.
Not a single person in the US wants "nothing." We want you to fix ACA, stop this nonsense repealing crap. Americans mad and tired.
Then don't scuttle bipartisan efforts to address healthcare for a bill that is lunacy...
PLEASE, Bill. You are hurting good people. Innocent people. Sick people. That can’t possibly be what you want to put your name on.
Then why do Alaska & Hawaii get to keep theirs? That's what you promised @lisamurkowski if she votes yes! #fraud @ABCPolitics
Republicans are great about claims about the huge premiums, yet they never produce any hard evidence, just hyperbole.
now read it again!
No no no no. The choice was between finishing bipartisan health care talks or ramming this dumpster fire through. Nobody said "do nothing." https://twitter.com/billcassidy/status/910957022304198656 …
You are so far removed from what the average American families need and how we live. It is insulting for you to talk for us.
Eff you Bill. Liar.
Guess what, you're not helping with this at all.  Go for stabilization.
This is a terrible bill that will hurt your constituents but keep Koch money flowing. And it is NOT the only choice. Bi-Partisan fix
So fix it, but bumping 32million off insurance isn't f-ing fixing anything. You are inept and corrupt and we know it.
Ppl need to understand that coverage is important. You can't plan if you will become ill. My parents didn't plan to have kid w/cancer
Will ppl have to pay more and then exhaust coverage? And then get kicked off plan?
If this plan is so amazing, you go on it! Give up your healthcare I'm paying for to prove this is great! #CassidyDeathCare #ResistTrumpcare
So instead, you're going to force families of people with cancer to have $100,000 premiums.
Why bribe Alaska by letting it stay on ACA if your plan is so good?
That Republicans are bribing Murkowski by letting Alaska KEEP OBAMACARE pretty much destroys the idea that this is better than Obamacare
Who suggested doing nothing?
Give it up for the ratio!

The outright purchasing of votes. Everyone involved in this moral and intellectual monstrosity should be ashamed of themselves. https://twitter.com/jenhab/status/910921385924493312 …
Actually ur party sucks at guessing about, ecconony, security, healthcare jobs, taxes, budgets and ethics. Y trust U? Name one right pred?
If families can't afford the $40,000 premiums then I assure u they can't afford a $400,000 hospital stay when they have NO insurance.
FIRST DO NO HARM is the oath you took.  This will harm and kill millions. You don't seem to understand how this all works.
Get educated!
Straw man argument. Work to fix the problems with the ACA. That will help your constituents a lot more than your tragically flawed bill.
Of course you have no problem with government subsidizing 155 million Americans who get employer based health insurance..those subsidies...
cost the government a quarter of a trillion dollars a year..Quite unfair..The entire idea of Obamacare was fairness..to provide the same..
subsidies to those without employer insurance to those without it. The irony being that many of those without it pay the taxes to subsidize
those who get it.
Your bill will not help that. It will hurt me and my family. We just moved our lives and business to Louisiana and we do not support this.
Here's the better billl introduced by Senator Collins and Senator Nelson ..  it's getting no coverage from MSM
Doing something about you and your kleptocratic lying brethren is the next priority of patriots after your traitor on chief is removed.
Because you are being less than truthful ... here is how the horrible #GrahamCassidyDeathBill will affect voters
What would the Graham-Cassidy bill mean for your health care? We broke it down for you this morning on @MSNBC 
Looks the @SenateGOP philosophy is tht of Hitler's"tell a lie long enough loud enough often enough ppl will believe it".SAD!!! Sick really
Hey Bill, stop lying.
This is not a good bill, Bill.
It's a really bad bill, Bill.
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/20/16341442/cassidy-health-plan-misleading-numbers …
Even your buddy Graham knows the bill is horrendous, Bill.
https://apnews.com/a017d33b2344493e8098d47ed2ceb087 …
You keep talking about this fictional $40K/year premium. Produce the evidence. You can't do it because it's completely made up.
Louisiana refused to expand Medicaid until 2016. That $40K is not the fault of the existing system, but of their own state.
Your bill is worse than nothing. If you want to help those who are struggling, resume bipartisan talks and fix the flaws with the ACA.
If you really want to make things better, please try! But this bill is a failure; it's opposed by the AMA (@AmerMedicalAssn), ...
...ALA (@LungAssociation), AHA (@American_Heart), and CHA (@hospitals4kids), ALS Association, American College of Physicians, ...
...Academy of Pediatricians, Arthritis Foundation, Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, American Psychiatric Association, ...
...American Hospital Association, Nurses Association, National Health Council, Multiple Sclerosis Society, American Cancer Society, and...
...dozens more; also, @AARP, @MarchofDimes, and several GOP governors (including @MassGovernor, a political healthcare expert).
Several independent studies have found this bill to be catastrophic, in different ways at different times, but eventually to all states.
So you're going to give them 5K premiums when they're healthy and 100K premiums if they get Cancer? That's not an improvement you moron.
How about regular order in the senate, open debate and putting care back into healthcare??? Much better than ur option or doing nothing!
The only people who said doing nothing was an option was your own party. The rest of us would like to not die because of your absurd bill
Bipartisanship is not doing nothing and is better than reducing costs by snatching health from millions
Why Act as tho the 2017 change is all there is for 1p yr CBO Attitude based on 2015-16 #'s?
#GDP on the rise & can add changes 2018,19,20-4
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul @freedomcaucus @SenJohnMcCain @KellyannePolls @SarahHuckabee @SecPriceMD @WSJ @GOP @rushlimbaugh @LouDobbs @slone
Resign
Soo, sponsoring a bill you didn't read, written by those that care only about themselves, and injuring millions is the best you came up with
You're a very special kind of dangerous. Like a child running with scissors. Giant scissors, that reach every corner of America. And hurt
the people that can least afford to be hurt. And benefit those that need benefits the least. Congratulations, you're either evil or a fool!
Have MS and can't work. Cant afford for my insurance premium to go up. How could you?  #CassidyGraham
Perfect is here
#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll   NOW 
Call All Dems&Repubs   Demand it. 
Nov 2018 soon! 
202 225 3121
it's horrible legislation, "Doing nothing is not an option" is "Bullshit" at it's finest
YOU HAVE 32 LIKES...OBVIOUSLY NO ONE LIKES THIS CRAPPOLA PIECE OF LEGISLATION...lololo 645 REPLIES....DO THE MATH GOP.
Then FIX THE #ACA aka #Obamacare - rates are going up b/c of .@GOP bullshit and defunding! #StopTheSabotage #StopTheDisInformation
Is that why you're bribing @lisamurkowski to keep the ACA to buy her vote?
Ask @JimmyKimmelLive what he thinks. @GOP are lying to the public on this.
Your bill is not an option.  It's a disaster.
Yes.  Doing nothing isn’t an option so instead throw people off a bridge.
Graham-Cassidy is is so far from perfect, it's not even in the same universe as perfect. Power to states = millions denied coverage. Fiend.
How much did your $40K family pay before the ACA?  Were they even able to get coverage?
Charlatan "Dr" Cassidy My family health insurance is affordable under #ACA  but my premiums will skyrocket under your plan. Stop The Lies.
Please explain why you stopped Alexander-Murray talks for a bipartisan fix. You are rigging the system against Americans. Shame on you.
Stop, Collins and Nelson have a bill right now.
Your bill will not help. I will no longer be able to afford insurance. We aren't saying do nothing. Fix the ACA.
Why didn't you just wait and do the work to create a bi-partisan bill, which would give you the 60 votes (and not strand 32 million people)?
You would think a medical doctor would care!
$40,000 premiums? Either you're lying like #dotardinchief or you're quoting premiums for preexisting conditions if your bill passes.
EVERYONE WANTS TO WORK TO MAKE HEALTHCARE BETTER except GOP lawmakers Maybe try reaching out to experts for solutions. just a suggestion
Do you ever tell the truth?
I want to meet the family who is paying $40,000. If you can produce them, maybe we can start a gofundme to help them out. We'll wait.
L

@BillCassidy Doing nothing would be a huge improvement over the abomination U support. U should be ashamed of yourself 4 the harm U propose.
so you help them by making their premiums more expensive?  Why not wait for the full CBO score if u r so sure about your price tag?
How about a bipartisan option? How about an option that doesn't raise the cost of healthcare for the majority of Americans?
So you solution is to literally quadruple their premiums. Only a GOP
Cassidy shame on you for screwing Louisiana
Bill, both you & @LindseyGrahamSC r LYING. Stop talking as if Dems aren't working 2 come up w/ a plan. Ask @SenAlexander - ex of biprtsnshp.
More lies from the man who brought you #GrahamCassidy. Bipartisan committee wking to fix ACA was killed @SpeakerRyan https://www.bcbs.com/news/press-releases/blue-cross-blue-shield-association-statement-graham-cassidy-health-care-reform …
Quit lying. No one said do nothing. You guys did nothing but obstruct for 8 yrs, just think if you did your job.Fix Ocare and stop bullshit
@LindseyGrahamSC ..look, more Dotards!
keep the bi partisan work going that Murray and Alexander started. ACA works. Strengthen it don't sabotage it. NO body said "do nothing"
Liar-tell the true facts.   Special interest are pressuring you and other republicans to gut HC give rich tax break. We are on to you.  Liar
Get rid of insurance companies charging that much in the first place.
Did someone inform Billy Boy here that Sen Murray and @SenAlexander "had" this before he ,G, H, & J got involved?

Something WILL be done.
So you think $80,000 is under your bill?  How do you sleep at night ??
But under you it will be much worse you fool
You are wrong. My family pays less than $500/mo. I don’t represent all, but either to your numbers.
Have you ever heard a word “FIX” ? Look it up ... give @jimmykimmel  a call or talk with a real HERO @SenJohnMcCain
First if your lie was true: MILLIONS of working Americans would not have GAINED insurance with ACA.  This:
Kicking 30 million people off of their HC and allowing states to put a "cap" on HC is also not an option. Figure it out, please.
So why don't you INCREASE their subsidy?
So your solution is to charge families like mine fighting metastatic cancer $142k premiums? Please explain.

Its incredible how dishonest you fuckers are and how you absolutely refuse to listen to the American people all for ur corporate overlords.
And if u support states rights, you cant dictate what they can or cant do. That's the point, you're already a liar, dont be a hypocrite too.
You lie and lie and lie all to protect your corporate interests. That shit needs to end and it needs to end NOW.
Dont be a scumbag Bill.  We Americans need the preexisting conditions clause, corporations dont need more money.
Nobody said do nothing.  Work on a bipartisan fix to the ACA. Quit trying to kill people.
This Tweet has more comments than likes, that's never good for the author. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Uh Bill..hate to break this to you but your bill does nothing to reduce premiums or the cost of healthcare.
You know this isn't the way. You are lying and we know it.
So you're going to cut them off at the knees so they have no insurance at all? Great plan.
"Doing nothing" is walking away from bipartisan work to fail at passing your murderous bill. $30k premium is for family of 7 earning $250k.
Forcing families to choose between insurance premiums and food/shelter is no option either. Sir, have you no shame?
You are a liar.  Problems with ACA are due to your sabotage. Dems tried to work w/you. Y'all refused. #SitDown
yep, you'll be sure to get his premium to $140K HOW ABOUT A DEBATE?
Help @TheDemCoalition put this billboard up outside of @BillCassidy's office in Louisiana!
#BillCassidyIsALiar 
https://secure.actblue.com/donate/billcassidy-billboard …

Can we discuss the doing nothing option some more? Would be cool with me
So do something that actually helps Americans?!?
Does your family know your a Corporation shill like the rest of the country?
Right. Work with Dems and come up with a bipartisan bill to FIX this.
I don't know why.  You didn't do $hit for eight years.
Can we start calling Cassidy Dr Kevorkian?
You are a liar and we all understand that. We will not just stand by and watch you take healthcare away from millions.
NOBODY said do nothing. Cassidy is lying again
That's a lie and you know it! If those states had taken advantage of Medicare expansion to help their ppl the premiums wouldn't be so high!
Average premium increase under #GrahamCassidy is over $4,000 per person so I don't think it's "help." Unless you mean the dead don't suffer.
Taking away healthcare from 21 millions of Americans is shameful! You are morally corrupt.
Name one family that pays 40k in premiums.
Thanks to @SenJohnMcCain, @jimmykimmel. This bill was an unconscionable move backwards for US. 45 may lie & seem to get away with it. Not u.
This is not about healthcare - this is about you living up to your promise to your donors - and wanting the donations to start rolling again
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE! On top of that: you're a wannabe mass murderer. Your cruel bill will kill thousands of Americans. Congrats, Monster
 single  payer  solves  the  cost  problems 
No one said to do nothing asshat. We said your bill is murderous & cruel. We said FIX ACA. We said no repeal & replace. You're a damned LIAR
Bill, if you really want to do the right thing for America,   VOTE NO against your own bill. Dude, have you even read it? It's horrible.
Fixing Obamacare and putting back provisions you scumbsgs gleefully removed would go a long way to making it more affordable.
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenCapito @SenDeanHeller STOP #GrahamCassidyDeathBill MILLIONS will DIE
Yes, they do. Unfortunately, your bill hurts them to help rich people. For shame.
Make that 32 million you will hurt when they lose insurance coverage.
Your plan is garbage & you & all of @GOP know it! Can't defend it so you lie. My family will pay appx. 26k more for my daughter's care! 
a) There was a bipartisan option in works (not "do nothing"); b) premiums are even higher under your "health" plan.
SO REPAIR THE ACA!  G-C will cause unfathomable harm to individuals, families! People will die! AMERICAN LIVES ARE NOT POLITICAL FOOTBALLS!
You don't have to do nothing. You could fix the ACA/Obamacare, instead of screwing the elderly & poor for the Koch Bros.
Ok don't do nothing, you all take the healthcare you are proposing!
#lies
STOP TRYING TO KILL ME!
Your plan sucks and you know it
40,000 dollar premiums are the fault of states sabotaging the law as it's intended to work, this law doubles those premiums
So jack up the premiums? Lifetime caps decided by others and pre-existing conditions an issue. You are such a liar.
STOP LYING! The Koch bros have you and every R by the balls if u have any left..
Dude, your bill is not the help. Everyone knows this so cut the crap and lying. You are humiliating yourself.
You're a joke
