Except no, it really doesn't. In the short term it only expands funding for 16 states, in the long run it cuts funding to all states.
So in the short term it makes it harder for 34 states to maintain or expand coverage to all who would need it.
While in the long term it will make it harder for all states to maintain or expand coverage to all who would need it.
You must repeal O/care! There must be a beginning to end this H/care disaster! Need to pass Tort Reform sitting on you desk, it will help!

I thought the Feds are supposed to help! Not leave them hanging to fend for themselves attitude!!!!!!!!
Shame on you all. The deception needs to stop. You are acting very bad
With much less money...you forgot to add that part... 
#NoOnGrahamCassidy #FixACA
Then why do so many governors oppose it?
Because it also dramatically cuts the funding they need to keep their programs functioning.
Good
Well, now we know McConnell is appealing to the unapologetic pro-infant starvation, anti-cancer treatment vote.
Get government out of healthcare & prices will go down ... no one is offering us that option.
I'd like a source for that claim too.
Seriously, all the health and drug companies want the government out of healthcare so they can drop the prices significantly
Oooo like what happened with the Epipen and Aids drug, right???
So the question is? In Texas will obviously opt out - do we have to pay for all the free-loaders in other states?
What about us who have Governors we wouldn't trust as far as we could throw them, i.e., every @GOP Governor in the country? You're all vile.
DEMS WOULD HAVE NO PROBLEM PASSING THIS IF IT WERE THEIR IDEA
Hearing Pre-existing conditions are not covered by Forbes. Where is our wall?
Then people may move to another state that administers plan more compassionately? Itinerant society in search of healthcare?
Sounds like a great trend. Should help reduce size of Gov't funds in the long run or more efficient.
No, it doesn't. Dirty lying turtle man
Please give up your healthcare including your family's for 1.5 years. Then comeback and put together a bill.

I love how you're pro state's rights until it comes to:
Marriage
Drugs
Abortion
Guns
Immigration 
Law enforcement 
Schools
Religion 
Etc....
Healthcare
Voting rights
Civil rights
Campaign finance
"Dark Money"
.....   anybody else?
Well said. I ran out of characters, as they say in France.
#RepealReplace
Completely Repeal Obama Care then agree on the Replace fix-Do not Attempt to fix it as you must void it.
LIARS! You will FAIL!!
Ok...then let's do it!!!!
by screwing everyone and making health care completely unaffordable? #TypicalGOP
what if your governor is an idiot?
Traitors. Russian traitors.
SHAME ON ANYONE WHO VOTES FOR THIS DEBACLE!
Nope. Many GOP govs are against it. This bill is evil pure and simple.
Get it done Mitch.
#GrahamCassidy lets insurers discriminate based on pre-existing conditions.  Are you looking forward to that?
Obamacare is unsustainable if they do nothing. It will die and people will have nothing. This sounds better than nothing.
No, that's a myth which Trump is telling people.  If they do nothing then Obamacare will remain.
Dude, the insurers are dropping out. How could it possibly remain?
Obamacare is the liar here, not Trump.
I mean Obama.
#kochwhore
Lies. You care nothing about the people you supposedly serve.
Why does EVERY patient advocacy group say this is a bad bill? We see your con and will remember GOP who voted in favor.

Offering individual deals to individual states to woo individual senators is WRONG. Flawed policy begets flawed tactics. Do better, Senate.
This plan sucks more than the others
Please list #governors who support this bill. I'll wait.
Heres an idea: pass a one page bill that says "There shall be a free market in the health insurance & healthcare industries." #ProblemSolved
The massive cuts in #GrahamCassidyِ will limit what they can do and cause thousands of Americans to die.

#GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Agreed. #GrahamCassidyِ #TrumpCare is the @GOP's FINAL SOLUTION for America's poor and elderly - this includes WHITE poor and elderly. #MAGA
You should all be ashamed of yourselves
Sweet Sophia will DIE under this new BILL.
Expand #ACA coverage & access & affordability then call it Trumpcare
They just took #SweetSophia back for her 22nd surgery.I'm sharing this experience so ppl understand & will fight w/ us to #ProtectOurCare 
Republicans had SEVEN YEARS to come up with a better plan and FAILED. They don't have a clue. #TRUTH
Local governor control of less money does nothing to improve Health Care.
Local governor control of less money won't work with a good governor.  What happens if your governor is dick?
Shame on you, congress!! "Pro-life" should  apply to those who are living. This is a death sentence for millions of your voters!! Disgusting
LIAR LIAR PANTS ALWAYS ON FIRE FOLKS THE BILL HASN"T BEEN SCORED 90sec debate WHAT don't GOP Senate want us to know

When did @TimPhillipsAFP sign off on #GrahamCassidy?  Or did @AFPFoundation write the whole demented document?
You're a liar. The bill cuts funding by a third, bans states setting up public insurance programs and forces work requirements on them.
Let me guess...you are pro-single payer. Insurance for all but eventually no doctors to go to.
To make this argument work, you have to explain how so many other countries have single payer AND doctors, but USA is different.
Why would a smart doc, work for "minimum wage" ... he would become an engineer or an attorney ... duh
Minimum wage doc is fiction. Americans pay more than any of these people, and die earlier. Insurance profits harm American families.
It is a radical idea in the US. 20 trillion in debt and our govt trying to tax it's way out of it. Fiscally unprepared right now for univ hc
We each must pick the state we want to live in very carefully.
50 different sets of rules? Sounds efficient. 
So you favor more of a confederacy of federal government, then?
Dear God, please pass this bill! If I have to hear Schumer's hysterics one more time, I'm going to scream! GET THIS DONE, PLEASE!!
Why Shannon, you want shitty or no health insurance ?
FACT: #Obamacare is only 'exploding' in red states where @GOP governors have successfully sabotaged the program http://fw.to/ajtmW6i  #ACA
Oh pulling out the old "States Rights" card huh? That has worked so well in the past
Except when a state wants to set up a single payer system the ol'weedkiller @senjohnkennedy sticks his head up or if a state wants to 1/
change something regarding marijuana laws the the magical AG Elf Sessions appears mumbling about devil weed. Smh that's "different"

Craven, cruel and inhumane. You should all be ashamed.
Amoral, Inhuman, Lying A$$!!!
What would've been w/out the #ACA? What would've been if all states had fully participated? What would've been if GOP had worked FOR us?
This terrible GrahamCassidyMcConnell bill will TAKE insurance from 30million of our most vulnerable americans including our elderly citizens

Like right before the Civil War.
McConnell, Graham, Cassidy. Axis of Evil, killing Americans every chance they have just to get a win for immoral President Pants On Fire!
You really don't care about your constituents, do you? They pay your salary and your health care. Your safe. Millions won't be.
"You're" preemptively.
SIGN THE BITCH!  SIGN ANYTHING AND GET THE BALL ROLLING WE CAN CONTINUE TO FIX AFTER 2018 AND REPLACE HALF GOP WITH NEW REPUBLICANS!

Oh dear
LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR. LIAR.

#KillTheBill #GrahamCassidyNO
Everyone regardless of age, sex, color or state deserves the same healthcare coverage.  It's a right not a privelage.
W/far less funding, caps, cuts to care for children, disabled, extra fees for pre-existing confirms. It's NO health, NO care PLAN! #VoteNo

We are the United States and the Federal Government needs to listen to the state governors.

While stripping us of the protections we enjoy in ObamaCARE. Not a very good deal if you ask me.
Then do away with the electoral college so I can move to a state that cares about my pre-existing condition AND let's my vote still matter.
Elections for all of u coming up and Americans hear u all loud and clear! 20-30-40 million lose coverage but U get donors happy!
https://www.facebook.com/rpatino2/posts/10103042584238752 …
Even if that's pricing out ppl with pre-existing conditions and refusing to cover essential health benefits -- not smthg to brag about.
Imagine this if you can:  ONE extended hospital stay can financially destroy a middle class family
1 hospital stay can drain a family of all they've worked decades for. House? Gone. College fund? Gone. retirement, Gone
No, their plan kills thousands of Americans. Their plan make healthcare unattainable for far too many. #ShameOnGop #Evil
Shame on you. People w/ preexisting conditions shouldn't be punished or denied a basic human right to healthcare. Health groups oppose this.
Since it allows the states to screw over their citizens and since the bill steals healthcare from 30 million people and jacks premiums it is
NOT best for the people.
It's a start
Explain to Americans why Congress, your staff, your families will receive top notch FEHBP insurance with us footing 72% of your premiums?
Horrible plan the hurts way too many people.
Against Repeal, 35 Cancer agencies,AMA, AARP....
Healthcare shouldn't be determined by where one lives, Senators.  This should be a national program.  #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
BS!This VET says you are a liar
Still think that this is a confederacy? We ended that twice and will preserve the ACA until a Universal plan is enacted.
You mean cheapskate republican conservative governors can order people to just die.
@SenateGOP  @realDonaldTrump By the way when are ALL OF you getting off your current coverage and onto THE modified Omaba care
And republican governor after republican governor after republican governor OPPOSES this horror-show of an American-human killing bill.
It's about follow the dollar. Money talks and Bullshit Walks. Follow the dollar.
Graham Cassidy allows millions to lose healthcare and allow people to DIE. You are unbelievably selfish as you play politics that kill
With no money left and then they'll eventually cut srvcs for ppl in need!
"what the governors think is best" until the funding dries up in 2026. @SenSchumer 
@SenFeinstein 
@PattyMurray 
@RonWyden
@SenatorDurbin
Your propaganda is wasted.  #GrahamCassidyBill is hideous.  There're still millions & millions of people adversely affected.  #GetOverIt
@ least 5> Rep governors are against this travesty throws millions of their constituents off of healthcare denies cancer and emergency trmnt
Graham's health care act seems criminally negligent if targeting our most vulnerable!  Both history& karma are watching everything you do!
If you wanted to apply Social Darwinism to Health Care, why didn't you just say that?
BS. How much did the Kochs bribe you to shut down the bipartisan process so you could ram thru the worst, most cruel version of repeal yet?
Stop lying. Tell the truth & then see if people still want it You're punishing Blue States, bribing Red ones & lowering taxes & protections
Is that why several governors are asking their senators to vote against it? Is it as good as your AHCA BCRA? Hmmmm? After 7 years?
You spelled lobbyist wrong.
tell us more Mitch... we know how much you care about everyday Non-Koch Brother Americans....
Shame on you for trying to take away insurance for millions so you can say you took away ACA.  People will suffer, but do you care?
May your health deteriorate as millions of Americans' health will under this bill, if it's passed. #NoGrahamCassidy
You're all monsters. People will die because of you. Politics over People, am I right, boys?
That's all you have to say? What about the tax cuts? What about the gutting of protections? What about Medicare for our elderly and vets?
10 GOP Govs disagree with you

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
The Impact of Obamacare, in Four Maps - The New York Times
But  they just do what they think is politically expedient for themselves, just like you refuse to allow bipartisan legislation.
Jimmy Kimmel on Bill Cassidy’s Health “Care” Bill 
https://youtu.be/cOlibbx5sx0  via @YouTube
you have a bankrupt notion of freedom
You just kicked your constituents to the curb as Kentucky gets less $$ than under ACA.  #NoDecencyLeft inCongress.  #PatheticLegacy
Trumppuppet, you and the entire GOP are worthless crap. Resign before you destroy America.
It's not a good plan!
This should work well for Mississippi
Is being a dishonest human turtle considered a pre-existing condition?
AKA fuck the poor and the sick. Who does that? (not Jesus...)
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/governors-oppose-obamacare-repeal_us_59c156fde4b0f22c4a8d0d29?ncid=inblnkushpmg00000009 …
Disgraceful
If that's true, #Texas is screwed.
Which, if you're @GregAbbott_TX, means that you can deny health care to millions of vulnerable Texans.
Like screw people out of insurance coverage.
Yea, that way you and the #LiarInChief don't have to take any responsibility for taking away healthcare for "millions" of people!!!!
DON'T reg health ins. Government should regulate PRICING of medical services. THEN we can have a FAIR market price & fair purchasing opps..
Leave insurance to the States and individuals, but regulate PRICING of out of control medical industry. #REPEALOCare
One's health now depends on what state you live in. Good luck America
The federal Gov would still subsidize poorer states accordingly
Which means less $, then inevitably major CUTS to our healthcare 
It limits the amount of sickness each state make have. Destroy EPA make ppl sicker! Flint still has no water! Fix .. rather than destroy.
Is that what Mercer told you to say? Rumor has it that if @gop doesn't repeal ACA, no more money. Selling out millions to save your ass.
Its not about what's best for states. Its supposed to be about what's best for the people


Yep.  Their bill is like your bill.  Let’s States fuck the poor.
With a third less money.
You are disgracful
None of the Governors want this to pass you POSs...listen to your constituents instead of trying to fool us into thinking this is for good!
https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/910233358688571394 ….                           Like this Governor? You guys are up to  very dirty tricks & callously toying with lives
BREAKING: Trump & ACA repeal is supposedly all about increased state flexibility. This is what happened when the governor of MN believed it. 
Would you have your family signup for the awful Healthcare that you are proposing for the citizens of the USA?
Been trying this slant since Reagan. Now look at the income distribution. You are too beholden to Big $ and not us. RESIGN!
And took on agenda contrary to climate change. Gov of NJ closed a bride to spite other politicians. Govs of many red states oppose pphood
Except it's not enough and it lets insurance agencies deny based on pre existing conditions.  It only helps rich!
You fucked up Billy boy! But not surprising sociopaths always have trouble with the truth!
That means in red states that nobody will get access to healthcare. You're lying assholes working for the Kochs and not your constituents.
A sad sad joke
You're a joke
So your cheap ass states can fob off all their sick and poor on the rest?  We can't trust states to do the right thing.
It's your job to get the votes and if you don't, step down. This is ridiculous you can't strong arm it through like Reid always did.

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Can't wait to get you out of office #mitchthebitch
Like having universal healthcare?
Lies, lies, lies. Koch's teat. Check out Kimmel's response to Cassidy.
Just do your darn jobs and take care of healthcare and taxes. The stress is killings Americans...
Cowards! U r throwing Governors and PEOPLE under the bus 2 get re elected! Shame on u! Rep/Rep is ego driven NONSENSE! Fix what exists!
Maybe a good approach, maybe not? How about not rushing the process so consumers can educate ourselves about your proposal before you vote?
Which is worse for the American People.
What it allows is the suffering of Americans.  You must be so proud.
If it's so good - then why not wait for CBO report? Is it bc the data won't support your lies? 

#SaveACA 
#KillTheBill
YOU. WILL. KILL. MILLIONS. 
Happy now?
Soon you will all be *poof*.
#ticktockticktock
Will hurt so many Americans. #Shame
This is wrong for America.  Listen to your constituents and maintain healthcare for all, including those with preexisting conditions.
McConnell....you are Nothing but a RINO....Get Out!
Please save my healthcare insurance. Make the #ACA better!
YES screw over the little man ...:) .  good option
Nope.  You all are hate filled people who don't care about Americans.  It's a sad day for the people you support.
LIE
Um, what's best for the individual states is what's best for the population. And also what's in the constitution.
Always. More people making decisions at the local level is better than top down decision making. The second part is always too.
Why
That's BS!  You know is lies!  Thousands will lose health care, older Americans will have to pay more, sick will have to pay more
You're letting states leave people like me broke and uninsured. You're the worst people in this country. Get out of politics, you hacks.
Anyone who votes 4 this esp if the vote comes up will have to have RIGGED Voting machines to win next election it wont matter if have KOCH $
And when they decide, like the for-profit pharmaceutical & insurance corporations, profits ought to stay with them, the PEOPLE suffer & die.
Evil person
Lets get it passed this week.
With less $$no protections for re-existkng or price protections, less coverage. #propaganda #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
What a joke, I hope you senate and congressman get thrown out in 2018, having a sick kid, you guys deserve to lose your seat... shame on you
Healthcare should be about PEOPLE & doing what's best for them & their health. Not Governors and individual states.
No, it forces them into terrible decisions
You're a hypocrite and I hope you will be defeated in your next  election.

Do what is best for PEOPLE not industry profits and lobbyists. #MedicareForAll is only humane way forward. @SenSanders has a plan.
