On Obamacare Employer Mandate.  

Yet another reason we must pass #GrahamCassidy-Heller-Johnson. 
Bill, what is it going to take for you guys to call it Affordable Care Act. Read it JUST the Headline on the Amendment.
ACA ACA ACA ACA ACA
Then improve the existing Affordable Care Act. As a doctor you have an oath to first do no harm, but your bill will threaten millions.
You're rushing this bill through so you only need 50 votes. You would pass anything at this point so you don't need 60. Unconscionable.
You are a liar. And you haven't even read the damn bill. All you have to do is shore up the ACA.

But I guess Koch $$$$ are what matter.
Arrest and jail the treasonous #kochsuckers
Fix the ACA. That's doing something! Work together with the Dems and actually Improved the ACA!  Ever think of doing that.
Stop doing what the Koch bros Dictates and do your job of protecting Americans. All of you GOP!!! Work together like you're supposed to.
Your bill is a DEATH bill.
This is the worst & most evil  "healthcare" bill yet. u want to kick mil off ins, roll back women's rights,&make elderly pay ridic premiums
But Senator, your bill imposes a harmful Medicaid per capita cap on vulnerable children. #DoNoHarm (1)
It allows insurers to increase premiums upon families if their child becomes sick. https://twitter.com/StevenTDennis/status/909102922054684672 … (2)
Waiver also says "CONTINUED ENROLLMENT" - which appears to allow states to give insurers right to raise rates if you or child gets sick.
Block grants particularly harm states that are vulnerable to recessions & natural disasters, such as hurricanes. https://medium.com/voices4kids/hurricanes-and-medicaid-caps-do-not-mix-f6350974fa51?source=linkShare-5108137b92f6-1505656076 … (3)
Children harmed by Medicaid caps include kids in foster care that have suffering from abuse and neglect. https://medium.com/voices4kids/health-bill-would-threaten-care-for-kids-in-foster-care-8b5951d4bcfd?source=linkShare-5108137b92f6-1505656966 … (4)
Your per capita cap proposal would disproportionately slash Medicaid funding for children. What is the justification for that? (5)
Your Medicaid per capita cap threatens the health of pregnant women and newborns. -> https://medium.com/voices4kids/senate-threatens-the-health-of-pregnant-women-and-babies-da95b1a47547?source=linkShare-5108137b92f6-1505657357 … #DoNoHarm (6)
According to @StevenTDennis, newborns could also be harmed by insurance changes in your proposal -> https://twitter.com/StevenTDennis/status/908858630866382849 … (7)
Graham/Cassidy/Heller/Johnson appears to allow states to let insurers charge you more $$$ if your child was born with a birth defect.
I think it is fair to say, this would fail to meet your own "Jimmy Kimmel Test" -> https://twitter.com/jimmykimmel/status/879024924257595392 … (8)
Reminder for Sen @BillCassidy: Kimmel test is "No family should be denied medical care, emerg or otherwise, because they can’t afford it"
Too bad for rich companies.
Doesn't pass your "Jimmy Kimmel" test, PERIOD!
Yes, actually it is. Your bill is detrimental to millions of Americans. Fix the ACA!
Option a) Fix ACA-why reinvent the wheel? b) provide a single payer Option. c) All of the above. I vote c) all of the above.  La voter cher!
If you REALLY believed in choice, you would back single payer option as a choice. Or are you afraid of what your voters may choose?
Taking away affordable healthcare is not an option. Leave ACA alone and fix the flaws! Protect people with pre existing conditions!
What you're doing is going to kill us. Stop obsessing over Obama and do your job.
You’re a genocidal maniac, you are #whisis
It's not #GrahamCassidy or nothing. Funding and fixing the ACA is the answer.
Stop allowing Trump to sabotage the ACA system - you all swore to UPHOLD OUR LAWS.
How about a real bipartisan solution??
Instead, @BillCassidy  had decided to make things worse
You in the Senate & House have been doing nothing the past 8 yrs, why is now any different!?! Especially when “doing something” kills kids!
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenDeanHeller @RonJohnsonWI
@gop terrorists force us to beg for our lives
again
#GrahamCassidy #CrimesAgainstHumanity @UN
we've not forgotten all the shady things you've done
GOP campaigns took $7.35 million from oligarch linked to Russia
Doing Nothing is ALL Republicans have done the last 7 YEARS! Naysayers without a plan, without brains, without balls-no women there anyhow
Letting people die is not an option. You and @LindseyGrahamSC are damnable liars if you call yourselves Christian or ProLife.
You should be ashamed. Your hypocrisy is appalling. Ramming this cruel bill through is criminal. You are an embarrassment, a fraud, a liar.

.  No CBO score, underwriting policies, Lifetime Caps...the bill is a disgrace! The AMA and these organizations against #CassidyGraham
Thanks for writing this up. It is nice to have a list when calling senators
Something as important as healthcare should be rushed through congress quickly with as little thought as possible. Great job! #JimmyKimmel
My bullshit meter just blew up.
Swear under oath every Senator who votes for this will accept it for their family w/o rich guy supplemental and I'm on board
Swear hypocrite
What you are doing is WRONG. It serves your billionaire donors, not the American ppl. The cowardice shown by your 'tribe' is #SHAMEFUL
Why not tell the truth. Why not say you were wrong to say repeal/replace  for 7 years. You now realize why ACA is needed. Truth is: KOCH $$$
Isn’t doing nothing what you did before ACA?
It is when "doing nothing" kills people! It's the ONLY option. #CognitionMuch or u just speaking 2 the #IdiocracyNation?
You have failed this country.
Do you think your healthcare bill is consistent w/ "pro life" beliefs of GOP? Will Children born w/ med problems & disabilities be covered?
There are a lot of questions here American people are asking. Could you please provide us w/ answers? Or is your bill indefensible?
This is a list of those for and against your bill.
You had 7 yrs to come up with a decent plan. 7 years! Instead yall just tlkd abt doing something and at the last minute threw this out there
Lamar Alexander wasn't doing nothing.
You aren't doing nothing. You're actively sabotaging ACA so people will think your bill is good. When people lose their ins, GOP voted out!
well by all means write up a willfully vindictive and cruel bill an ram it through, asshole. good work. great initiative.
Dr Death himself! AMA said ur Bill is a violation to the Hippocratic Oath. You are inhumane and a liar. History will remember you as CRUEL!
No one said do nothing. Fix ACA, but don't give us this evil bill that hurts millions of people, including infants, children, disabled, vets
Right. So improve Obamacare. Don't throw 32 million people under the bus.
No CBO score, NO VOTE! Is thr a reason ur hiding this bill in subterfuge wo transparency? Is thr a reason WE can't see hearings? This is BS!
Liar! Do you people even understand what the truth is? You are trying to harm human beings to give tax breaks to the rich. We see you
How much does the GOP get from the koch's for this? And how much for tax breaks for millionaires? I hear it's 400 million ALL GOP IS SCUM
I don't understand why Congress can't get their heads out of your butt, look around and see: single payer in the ONLY way to go.
Every child deserves the #RightToFight. Do not give up on the smallest people in our nation. Our future generation depends on non-passage.
Special place in H-E-L-L for ppl like you - willing to jeopardize #healthandwellbeing & potentially kill millions of #Americans. #MorningJoe
You're a liar!  Shame!  
Making improvements to ACA is a better option.
Just when you think politicians have hit a new low, along comes another one to set the bar lower by taking away everyone's healthcare.
Passing it makes you a mass murderer!
Doing nothing saves lives!
Respectfully Sir, You need to have a serious conversation with God and with your conscience.
Dr Cassidy. Since you have forgotten you were trained to help patients and first do no harm. I'm here to do so. Oh and history will also,
No, doing nothing is very much an option and it's the best one right now for you.
You're doing worse than nothing. To kids. To elderly. To the most vulnerable. No protections. E V I L
Do no harm! Damn it!
Cassidy is a liar. He and his cohorts are willing saying they have no better reason than they said they'd do it for 7 years. Oh and money.
Alexander Murray was the way to go. You blew it.
Do it the right way or get out of the way and let others do it! #SinglePayer
So, so you would choose the option of throwing bombs?
We agree. Fix what's not working re: ACA and stop lying about the devastating impact of repeal bill that only 12% of Americans approve.
Doing less than nothing is a worst option! You are trying to do harm.
When *ALL* the medical professionals are speaking out against your bill then it's a bad bill.Kill the bill & resign.
Doing something cruel and stupid is better
You are an embarrassment and the whole USA is knowing it. Time to lose that seat, ya fool.
so find an actual bi-partisan solution, my god man your going to kill people by passing this for no other reason then to pass it!
This bill is going to spell the end of your political career.
You are pure evil
Do no harm. You are trying to do harm.  Without allowing people to vet and discuss the bill that you say they do not understand.

Report finds that every state would suffer under Trumpcare http://bit.ly/2xwCRxA  
Whatever happened to, "First, do no harm."? Eh Senator?
You must have not read the GOP version: Its in Two Corinthians in the DJT edition- "First, do no harm..................to your donors."
Do me a favor...when you find me dying on the street from my pre-existing conditions, plz try not to celebrate that u won until I'm cold 
Is it going to lower premiums??
What happened to the bipartisan fixes?
Correct. Slow the hell down. Work w/ D's on real fixes to ACA. Stop treating healthcare like a path to tax cuts. Vote no. Be that hero.
Says the man with the gun in his hand pointing at thousands, millions of Americans. Sometimes it's best to do nothing, Bill. drop your gun!
How do you sleep at night knowing your bill will kill Americans?
Vote Bill Cassidy out in 2020, he's a liar. #GrahamCassidy stinks. #CassidyLied #SaveOurCare
If you can propose to fund the stupid Mexican wall for $26b, you can afford to save the ACA. No CBO score or hearing is derelict of duty.
OK, so doing nothing is not an option. But why is doing WORSE an acceptable one? #SaveACA #healthcare
My health insurance premiums went down 11% this year! That's over $100 in my pocket every month! Why do you want to destroy that?
The new Jimmy Kimmel Test is called a lie detector test! You would fail it every time! Bill Cassidy is an American traitor just like Trump!
Don't let this traitorous scumbag rip health insurance away from millions of Americans, raise our premiums, all so the rich can get richer!
Doing nothing is a better option than doing harm, doctor.
It's another form of genocide!!!
YOU FAIL the "DO NO HARM" test...L. Graham needs to stick with foreign policy..
Here's something you can do:

#ChokeOnYourOwnBullshitAndDie
Stop trying to kill me and millions of Americans!  This bill is garbage and you know it. It's 400 Million Dollars for the GOP it's criminal
A bipartisan fix to ACA is what is needed...not this heartless shit.  Your own state is against this bill.  Kiss your Senate seat goodbye!
Bipartisan fix for ACA. That would be the option.
2018 vote Bill Cassidy out the Republican Party don't care about people the Republican Party turned into trump's employees not the people's
All YOU Want To Do Is GIVE The Rich More $ & Screw The Rest Of The American People. YOU BETTER REMEMBER WE VOTE Pass This & THE GOP ARE GONE
Doesn't pass the JIMMY KIMMEL test! EPIC FAILURE & you're LYING cuz ur bill leaves it up to states which SUCKS! No fed guarantee!
The AMA and every insurance org. is against this abomination of a bill. Americans are all against it. Why do you hate Americans? #SaveACA
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence YOUR #AmericaFirst & #MAGA mean NOTHING when you renege on YOUR specific Campaign Promises. #FullRepeal #ACA
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence #WeThePeople want you to stand up to the big Healthcare Insurance Cos. & stop the fraud/abuse. #USA #ACA
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @BillCassidy & @SecPriceMD, like all Doctors, are selling us out to the Big Healthcare Insur Cos #Fraud #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump Graham-Cassidy is NOT #FullRepeal or REPEAL at all. It's #ACA & #Congress selling us out to the Big Healthcare Insur Cos
That’s why you should FIX, not REPEAL ACA. I considered voting to re-elect you, now I won’t for sure. #shameonyou
Doing something stupid for the sake of doing something isn't an improvement.
Thank you Senator for looking for a solution for all people!!  Don't put up with a hack like jimmy kimmel...good for you
Idk why people are arguing with this tool. HE DOES NOT CARE ABOUT US.
Not an option. Seriously? I think GOP politicians should exercise the suicide option. Start the car, close garage door, sit back, breathe...
So sayeth the Koch Brothers. Bill, go to the top of Mount Sinai and wait for instructions.
Through ACA, we finally have affordable, comprehensive health insurance. Don't ruin one sixth of the American Economy so you can save face.
Shame on u....
Who do you work for?
Nobody wants this bill to pass. Why are you doing this?
Why not I dunno come up with a better idea then?
Here's an option that won't completely destabilize 1/6th of our economy.  #FixNotRepeal
Because this is a smokescreen for the Koch/Mercer/Walton tax cuts, you liar!
Send it to the CBO
Doing nothing ?......
Are you sure you're not getting a slice of that $400m  from Koch ?....well Pinocchio? . ...riiiiiiight
So killing people, which your bill will do, is the only option? You’re one twisted f*ck.




Go back to bipartisan talks and stop lying.
This Country might be saved. The vulnerable might be spared. There are heroic Senators who will fight your lousy #GrahamCassidyِ bill.
I agree.
Here's your to do list: 
1. Learn how insurance works
2. Fix the ACA
3. Start representing ALL constituents, not just the rich ones
Shame on you!!!!!! Doing nothing is better than killing people or making them go bankrupt!!!
I see that you are pissing off all the right people: Left afraid Obamacare is on the rocks. Now I trust you.

Going from bad to worse is a cruel option.  What, is someone holding your grand babies hostage until you pass a HC bill?  What's your rush?
You and the rest of @SenateGOP will be responsible for more American misery than ISIS, Iran and North Korea combined. You fail America.
Somebody in your office flat out lied to me about state waivers and pre-existing conditions. I was looking at the text at time.
There's a vast distance between "doing nothing" and "killing all but the 1%." You have lost your way and should be stripped of your license
It is when your only idea is way worse.
Jimmy Kimmel didn't personally attack you. You LIED and he called you out on it. U are just a typical politician who lies & can't be trusted
Then why not do as @SenJohnMcCain has demanded and hold months of BIPARTISAN hearings or vote on Alexander-Murray Bipartisan HC effort???
Why are you ignoring Senate rules and regular order in order to rush through a HORRIBLE bill? Are you THAT racist and ANTI America?
Simply- bill Cassidy you lie
LOL. Didn’t you clowns just get schooled by NPR?
You are genuinely evil.
True but your bill is not the answer 
 Republicans need to work with the Democrats to come up with a bill that is best for Americans
Fixing the existing problems is what should be done because overall ObamaCare has helped millions and millions more than before.
Thanks 4 nothing Dr. Mengala
Y R U, @SenDeanHeller & @SenRonJohnson & @LindseyGrahamSC lying to Amer? FAKE HC Bill=Tax4Rich=Mils lose HC, Pre-Exist Conds & DIE. Chart!
We have the #ACA which is better than your crap..Why are you doing this?? .You work for us Take care of the American people.
But you all have been so good at doing nothing for such a long time...
I am proud that in 1947, my country didn't listen to doctors like you and we founded the NHS. My father, and I, exist solely because of it.
Correct. So instead of passing this heinous bill, why don't you pass bills to support the ACA and keep it working as it should? #Liars
You can have fixed the ACA instead of working to bring a vile bill like this one. Karma bro
Stop lying, for your own sake and ours
How do you live with yourself, sir? Absolutely disgusting and heartless health care repeal bill. Guess the Koch money makes it all ok
That's right. So vote it down. This sham of a bill is disgusting and you, Senator, are lying about it. Shame on you.
My nephew is 6 years old and has cerebral palsy. He depends on Medicaid. You apparently don't care about his future.
@LindseyGrahamSC Liar
Would you put your own families on a #healthcare plan like the one you're proposing? http://deirdreryanphotography.com/i-am-a-pre-exi … #weareprexisting
you're an objectively terrible person
So Senators should vote for a bill that does nothing but strip 30 million Americans of their insurance?
