I cannot wait to support the person who runs against you!!!!
you keep repeating story of couple paying$39000 a year but never mention their total income,why?
About your bill: "The ultimate irony: Cassidy’s home state of Louisiana would have fared among the worst under his signature bill."
psssh stop working for the rich Bill.
how come Trump did not tell you about the secret senator who is in the hospital, under a walnut tree, across the street from candy land? YESTERDAY?
You and your friend @LindseyGrahamSC are so sad!  It appears your only goal in life is to find ways to kill people!!
#failure
Obamacare for the Win!!!
I just received an email from Team Cassidy asking for a contribution. Um, I don't think so.
You like murdering Americans and emptying their bank acccounts... bravo dick bravo
Time to support Medicare For All.

Just take that bird face and bury it in the dirt. You said every day you would get this bill to pass damn really 8 years & you don’t get it
Hey btw "Mitt Romney" he cut so many vital programs to Mass.Why do you think we got rid of him?His plan didn't work.So nice try fail bill
Don't use his statistics,they didn't work so what you told the committee was a lie..
Hey @billcassidy did you give your wife a gallon of clean water for anniversary?Puerto Rican American wives & moms DO NOT have it! Shame!!!
Hows about you stop wasting the taxpayer's money on legislation you can't pass.  Work with the Dems ffs.  Fix Obamacare instead of putting on a show for the base and your donors. You work for the people and they are suffering b/c of you.
You've been yapping for weeks over your incredible health care bill yet now you don't even have the guts to take a vote. How pathetic!
Time to quit lying and Actually work together to Fix it, just like dems and reps did with medicare part B...
Keep your chin up Little Billy, Hell still has a special place for you! Prison too!
Nobody cares Billy ur nothing but a liar & this country doesn’t trust u hence NO to ur crappy insurance bill u liar

Trump said you have the votes except one senator is in the hospital.  Please explain ???
At least there are a couple of sane republicans. I can't wait till we have single payer.
So happy to see you fail miserably!!!!!
Another Liar. Cassidy, Your plan is outrageous! Most People won't even be able to pay for it. That means You're not offering anything.
Did you love Larry BIRD
Your bill sucked and you are a lying hypocrite.
YOUR BILL DIED. #WeThePeople REJECT IT, AND YOU.
You & your racist party will be dealt with!
Did you just say "Death Panel"? Oh my bad, because I thought you proposed a bill that would deprive millions of care & kill them. #Resign

Time wasn't your enemy--your heartless bill was.
You are NOT a honorable man!

Haha, your bill is dead.
Mitch McTurtle/Cassidy/Graham are devious, power-hungry bandits, trying to divert money from healthcare to cut billionaires' taxes.
jerk
Here's your legacy now: "Bill Cassidy? Oh yeah he's that lying dick Senator that tried to screw millions of Americans."
LOL. it's dead. dead. dead.
Good riddance.
#GrahamCassidy Jesus says "No."
I bet that's hard to do with your feet in your mouth. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Good riddance for your bill. September is nearly over, & GOP hasn't passed major legislation yet, despite owning Congress & presidency.


Back to when I never heard of you.
socialism that advocates that the means of production distribution &  exchange  should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole
fascism a governmental system led by a dictator having complete power, forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism
Do you know what the Hippocratic oath means Bill? You certainly DIDN'T get it right on your HC proposal.
You used this as a propaganda tool to lie, evading the truth. Your childish antics may work at home but don't here. Time for you to retire!!

you are a golem and your anti-human agenda has failed yet again. I am laughing at your failure.
Fortunately your killcare bill is dead. Unfortunately, we know you will not slow down your efforts to try & kill us for your greed. #fixaca
nmbh
 #HealthCareDebate

Why us and not them!? 
My donors, my donors
U are a shameless individual! PURE EVIL!
I now have no trust in anything you say. @SenSanders doesn't believe in governmt ownership. Fund the research, we should have a say in price
People became educated on your bill; THAT'S why it died. We will not longer be lied to.  Can you grasp that concept?  You're #DoctorDeath.
Patients with preexisting conditions must separately be enrolled in Medicare! They need to pay same premiums as seniors!
Dr. Cassidy exhibits the symptoms of Munchausen by proxy syndrome.
FREEDOM has won because if I get cancer & Grahamidy confiscates my insurance, I'm not "free," I'm #BROKE & then #DEAD. #FREEDOMWON
I am surprised that as a physician you didn't come up with acceptable healthcare bill. Medicaid must be free standing entitlement!
How's it feel to be an unfunny joke that everyone hates?
D E A T H P A N E L
Please tell the president to just let Obamacare implode it's the only way you're going to be able to fix Healthcare


LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Hey Louisiana now that the bill is dead time to vote this man out of office 
When will Senators be voting on your bill? You've been tweeting and talking for weeks. We need a vote !!
Have you conceded defeat yet @BillCassidy ? We're hearing lots of rumors...
PLEASE HELP! #myheartis100x35 @Reliefnow1
SB1 "If one person, one child dies, from lack of medical care, persons responsible face life in prison or new lethal injection drugs"
Political health? Try Universal healthcare raising the min-wage and forgive college debt then we have plenty for everyone but the 1%
The no solution Cassidy-Graham bill passes ACA to the States when they fail you can vote your local officials out instead of them.COWARDS
Omg! I can't stop laughing at what a lying shitbag you are! You really think people believe ur sociopathic garbage? Orange is ur color!
@BillCassidy You swore to do no harm when you became a physician. Your bill harms millions. Your medical license should be taken away.
You're a sick man
#CassidyGraham plan undercuts GOP’s promise to protect health coverage for preexisting conditions
Well the bar is pretty low from last night. We can do much better for our citizens healthcare by putting care first.
please define affordable.Someone paying $10000 a year and makes $100000 it is affordable,however not so for one making $25000
Cassidy's wife, Dr. Laura, runs an "F" rated charter school, preying on mostly minority children w/dyslexia. http://www.theadvocate.com/baton_rouge/news/education/article_e583b4f2-bbe1-11e6-8add-e30dc63ccb46.html …
Experts warned the LA DoE not to allow Cassidy to open LA Key Academy in '13 but Bill Cassidy threw his weight around.
The DoE's school report card site excludes LA Key Academy so unsuspecting parents don't know about its "F" rating. https://www.louisianabelieves.com/data/reportcards/ …
Here's Laura Cassidy's new "engineering lab" donated by Starmount, an ins co. A few tables & chairs.
Cassidy announced his run for the senate in 4/13. In 6/13, a lender (unidentified in 990s) gave LA Key Academy 1 $1m unsecured note.
Why don't you give it up and start working on issues that will better the lives of your constituents? It's a terrible, punishing bill.

Soulless Piece of Shit @BillCassidy Cassidy lies to 13-year old girl with leukemia live on national television https://shareblue.com/sen-bill-cassidy-lies-to-13-year-old-girl-with-leukemia-live-on-national-television/ … 
Oink! Oink! Oink! Cassidy slips $750m in his bill for his state.
Dr Bill mengele Cassidy
Get OUT of our capital u liar
What is your cut for trying to pass this, I'm sure there is a few lobbyist involved, new practice? One of Trumps minions, just more lies
Lyin' Bill, at it again!
Lies, more lies, the only people not happy are the states that refused extended portion of healthcare. Red states ignorant of helping others

When Cassidy’s health clinic closed, its patients only saving grace was Obamacare https://goo.gl/8rRjqh  
Wow!!! You lie about everything...
Stop lying.
Please stop Bill. You're now officially embarrassing yourself and your party.
CBO came out, shows TRILLIONS of cuts to the Medicaid program. Why do you take from the poor only to give to your rich donors? Unacceptable!
Give up. Aren't there other important things the Senate should be dealing with
Who cares!
You mean lying. Or conflating the truth. Or maybe just straight up not understanding the bill that you wrote.
I've seen you lie about your Death Care bill enough to last me a lifetime. #LIAR
Your bill sucks!!!
Both Bill and the bill suck
About the #GrahamCassidyBill?  I'm not for  KochCare
