Your vote will be remembered in next year's election.
I think you forgot the ending: ",you awful inhuman being."
Well, we try to be polite to our lying politicians in the South.
Bless his heart.
Vote no for this mess of a bill. Time to work with Dems to fix existing problems- not blow up the system. NOLA says vote no!
You're a #coward
We will not forget your yes vote and we will ensure you receive the political consequences of your actions. 70808
We don't trust Paul Ryan or the GOP to develop a healthcare bill! Every bill your party has presented would devastate Americans healthcare!
It is a shame that I have to count on Senators from other states to serve my best interest. - Constituent 70115
71301. Can't wait to vote Cassidy out of office.
as a small business owner in LA I am asking you to vote no. This bill would be awful for many of our employees
Just a reminder, 17% Americans support a repeal. Put this to rest. @GOP will NOT improve on ACA. Oh, Health care really isn't point is it?
@GOP ought to be ashamed of the methods used to "come up with" some sort of bill. This isn't about HEALTH CARE. For YOU, it's TAX BREAK law.
Full repeal first
no conference is NOT the way forward!
AND U do this after swearing all this time that U were a NO vote? U know the healthcare situation in LA. Y R U not here seeing sick people ?
Please vote NO on the so-called Skinny Repeal Bill.  That is not the way to proceed on this critical issue.  Vote NO, please!
Want to be a hero? Slow this train wreck down & save lives of your constituents. Don't put your name on a bill of shame. #DoNoHarm

Leaving millions and millions without coverage. How can you say you care about anyone?  Lying Ryan is called that because he lies.
He will say whatever you want to hear and then screw us over. No to the skinny bill. There is no bill. Fix ACA!
You KNOW McConnell will give his soul to the devil to get your vote
even worse...Paul Ryan
REPEAL AND REPLACE is the only way to go! We have you there for a reason. Don't lose site of it.
Pls vote no. Fix #obamacare w/a plan. Debate it in plain sight & get support. You would not treat a patient this way. Live in 70122 #nola
No.
DON'T VOTE FOR SKINNY REPEAL. The House isn't going to conference. They're going to impose Martial Law to push it through as is. Bad for LA!
Might as well drive off a cliff.
It's not too late to change your vote to NO on the Skinny Bill!
Your first mistake here is working with the WH. Do the right thing and vote NO on skinny bill. #DoNoHarm
The Resistance will defeat you on November 6, 2018!  We will not forget your vote on the skinny bill!

Vive la Résistance!
Snakes Play at Night& that's exactly whatUhave been doing!U would need a ladder2reach a Snake's Belly!UR Disgusting&I hope Bad Health4ur FAM
This is careening.  Please protect real peoples' lives by ending this madness and working on a rational policy.
What if you vote for it and it doesn't go to conference??
Does it strip the individual mandate?
Sen., REMEMBER the promises made by DJT Pence Price. Better hlthcare, no one loses coverage and better prices. Remember? The voters will.
Don't do it! Protect ACA
It's just horrific that you would even consider this. You are are traitor and care nothing for your constituents. What about "Do no harm"?
You have a duty to come up with a bill that you are willing to present to the American people. This process has been shameful.
Why should we have any confidence in your party to produce a workable bill in conference? You've had 7 years and still haven't done so.
We, your constituents need you to vote "no", today! This is NOT the path forward. We need coverage for all. Single payer is the only way.
Shame on you, Sen!!You said that you would not vote on anything that did not include Jimmy Kimmel Test. Another untrustworthy politician!!
I'm a constituent.  Please do NOT vote for the skinny repeal. Countless people will be hurt. "Do no harm"
I'm 70003 and your voice mail is full.  I can't get in touch with you.
Are you fucking kidding me. Now we get 2 old men crafting healthcare for 230 million Americans? And you call it a skinny bill? What the fuck
And they are crafting it over lunch, OVER LUNCH,  healthcare for an ENTIRE NATION minus senators who get to keep Obamacare for themselves
The thought of people not having access to healthcare really gets their hunger up. They feed on the tears of us peasants. #savageGOP
When every group is warning you of the upcoming disaster next year & you ignore it-nothing Americans can do but vote every one out next year
Insurers are warning of premium hikes and Americans losing coverage under skinny scheme. You will own this:
BREAKING: Insurers slam skinny repeal, which will lead to "higher premiums, fewer choices for consumers, and fewer people covered next year" 
No. We beg you not to do this. You will be putting many of your constituents, including myself, under a death sentence. DO NO HARM.
No. That is not the way forward. Do you like your job?
70508 calls you out on yet more lies.
You picture ur family on ur twitter page. They keep Obamacare but our families don't-we get a skinny- stripped down to nothing healthcare
Working hard at destroying individual market & I will have no insurance while you stay cozy with the protections of Obamacare for urself
Working hard at stripping away healthcare for WOMEN, mental health, sub abuse while you keep all that for urself with ACA #hypocrite
New Orleans has softened its stance on cannabis. Why would the rest of the state be any different? Either it's bad or it's not. Which is it?
We are old. Spouse's cancer treatments all rec'd locally. No mandate will wreak havoc on smaller hospitals & treatment centers like ours.
Tell the truth. Skinny bill may not be placeholder; may become law & throw millions off healthcare & cause disarray in medical services.
so how many do u want to kick off insurance from your state? DO NO HARM means little to you. TALK abt #deathpanels #repubs #GOP
thought U were a man of principle? Apparently NOT! Fix the #ACA! No repeal, no fake "skinny bill." Don't be like so many #gop
Must have insurance companies compete across state lines.
no. Insur co's don't want it. HC is not like car insur. 3 states have it yet no takers. Settin up networks to expensive
What is the Graham Cassidy ammendment? Is it like the Cassidy Collins plan?
Vote NO on any repeal! All the proposals so far are laughable. 
-71106
In May, you wanted a bipartisan bill that would serve the American people rather than political interests. Now you want the opposite. Why?
With no individual mandate, it will fail.
Why are you doing this ? You have to know in your heart this is the wrong way to improve healthcare. Louisianians will suffer!
No! The skinny bill is not good for Louisiana. Do right by us!!!
The house was told sending it to the Senate was the way forward. Don't be a chump. Insist on regular order.
BTW-how's your gold star health care plan working for you? You know, the one the taxpayers pay for??
Millions of Americans are watching Cassidy. You will be judged.  FIX THE ACA!!!
Skinny Plan does NOTHING to lower premiums for middle class ages 50-64 years old.  The insurance will be UNAFFORDABLE & you know it Cassidy
Skinny repeal means ACA pools will drain & 10s of millions will lose insurance. GOP-CAUSED DISASTER, & U R RESPONSIBLE!
For all the pissing & moaning R's have done over ACA, they've gone almost a decade without proposing a single plan to IMPROVE care for us.
How about you vote 'No' on the Skinny repeal so it doesn't go to conference.
What happens when the House simply passes the skinny bill? There's no guarantee it goes to conference. This is just grossly irresponsible.
... because you apparently break promises and stand for nothing. I am now committed to working for your replacement in Senate, Dr. Cassidy.
start printing signs.
What kind of cognitive dissonance must it require for MORALLY BANKRUPT @BillCassidy to support "Skinny Repeal"....???!!!!

#MorallyBankrupt
Preserve and Fund ACA for physical and economic health of La - it's what your voters want you to do!
which Senators?
Skinny repeal DEVASTATES HEALTHCARE in Louisiana, so MULTIMILLIONAIRE @BillCassidy and his BILLIONAIRE BENEFACTORS get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!

I can't believe you were once a doctor. How can you do this to constituents? Do you want to be reelected in 2018?? Be a decent human being.
How about listening to your constituents?
How does that lower premiums/deductibles/improve access? It's only a way forward if you are hellbent on repeal.Stop being partisan w/ health
Will it still repeal the individual mandate and the employer mandate? Doesn't help the states if everybody's rates go up 26-44%
Thank you for moving forward
Destroying the lives of millions of Americans by stripping them of insurance is not a move forward. #fox8 #wgno # advocateNO
That's no way forward.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
.@SenatorCollins to @ThisWeekABC: GOP health care bill "would make sweeping and deep cuts in the Medicaid program." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  
Very smart. He's a doctor so he's uniquely qualified to offer solutions that make sense.
LYIN' @BillCassidy knows if skinny bill goes to conference Graham/Cassidy never passes and MILLIONS lose coverage so RICH GET TAX CUTS!!!
When PATHOLOGICAL LIARS like @BillCassidy DON'T HAVE THE COURAGE to be honest about what they're doing, working Americans get SCREWED!!!
Skinny bill raises premiums. @GOP said no raise on premiums.. should we believe that like Trumps promise of beautiful health care for all?
Here's the premium hike detail @BillCassidy in case you missed it
You want to gut Medicaid & individual market. You want to take away women's health, mental health & sub abuse while u keep ACA for yourself
Please don't.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
You're doing a great job Sen. Cassidy!! 
