@LindseyGrahamSC  @SenSchumer @JoeNBC @KamalaHarris @amyklobuchar @SenJohnThune @funder   Why does Kushner still have security clearance? ?
Better question Is. Why does Killary still gave clearance. ??????
Derp.
What language is that ? ET go home
Hillary has clearance because she was found innocent 7 times! Derp.
Innocent by a court of law or court of Comey/Lynch ?
Innocent until proven guilty
Put her in front of a grand jury
Guys, please vote against the really terrible bill. Millions of people with suffer. Close your eyes and imagine that. Why be so mean?
Millions of ppl already suffering. Repeal the sham law and get healthcare fixed
The law is not a sham, but sections need to be fixed addressing individual market. Otherwise millions MORE will suffer, esp in red states
I don't converse with pussy hat wearing Eagles 
You made good points. Those are provisions in the ACA which should not be eliminated.
The President has made it clear those provisions stay
AHCA removed them and I haven't looked at today's version of the BCRA. The GOP plan will throw those with CC into underfunded hi risk pools
Doesn't matter what President says. Matters what Congress passes. He won't veto because he needs some/any sort of "win" for the base
Just get off Russia.
Not likely. I think at least two in the family will go down and others like Flynn are highly likely to end up in prison. Conspiracy illegal
All that has been proven in every investigation against POTUS it shows a Dem  behind the scene  doing something illegal! Who's going down?
Actually, nothing has been proven to date.  This is an investigation, but not looking good for the Trumpinovs and co.
Democrats are good at twisting truth into what ever they believe! Only problem is, it's not true!
As they say, truth will out. That's why it's a multi-pronged investigation with the GOP-led Senate intell committee, FBI, and Justice.
Critical thinking: raises vital questions, formulated clearly and precisely
Gathers relevant information and assesses it effectively
Thank you for proposing a viable alternative.  Something worth having a reasonable debate over.
Give states more flexibility with same/comparable funds. With more variations we can see what works and what doesn't with limited risk.
The rapture is not an ideal health plan. Only 144K will make it.  What happens to the other 22 million who lose those their insurance?
Sorry I don't watch CNN, but I like what Cassidy is trying to do.  Because we sure as hell need something other than ObamaCare
I was speaking to LG
House Democrats just introduced a new plan to fix Obamacare.
That bill is a mess. It is loaded with Way to much pork. This isn't a bill that can survive the test of time.  It's a band aid in water
Praying for you to vote "NO" to the new healthcare bill. We can't idly stand by and watch the poor, sick and elderly die. Jesus loves you!!
My dad a teacher needed Medicaid to pay for nursing home care when he got Alzheimer's #SaveMedicaid
@LindseyGrahamSC your plan of letting states make choices, is not right. You know that SC has the worst cuts now 2 Medicaid still #deathbill

Work on improving the ACA. Quit trying to shove trumpcare down our throats. Speaking as a constituent.
You cant improve ACA! This isn't socialism! Go to Venenzuela. Let me us know how that goes!
Our state with this plan will impact quarter million who lose insurance. Read CEO of SC Hospital Assoc. in Post&Courier. Please.
I just listened to your description of your healthcare plan on CNN. I think it has some promising features, but I live in Texas...
and @GovAbbott does not prioritize healthcare. We have the highest maternal death rate, plus high premiums & deductibles.
The Texas legislature didn't even reauthorize the Texas Medical Board in this session, so we potentially face a licensing crisis.
You (a fake account) think that doctors don't need to be licensed. Cool. I guess you want more doctors like this:
Wish he would speak with his voters as much as he does CNN. @TrachMommas & others with disabilities traveled over 1000 miles to see him.
We (the voters) hope to hear from you supporting Mr. Trump and the new health plan.....thanks !!!
Just repeal.  Then democrats will definitely work with you on new legislation.
Interested to see how the hell you can defend the healthcare bill & the illegal actions of Trump's cohorts.
You won the elections you wanted in 16 now let's get this done!

Why do you despise patriots? Resign.
Emm Dumain reports that you're supporting the new bill.  It's 172 pages.  Have you read it?
Can you try not to show your hatred for the Trumps every single time you speak???  Just one day please
Vote NO! Fix the law already in place
There is no fixing that law. It was designed to fail so Commies can have single payer dictating our healthcare and making our decisions.
We didnt give the @GOP all three branches to work with Democrats, it was to defeat their policies! #repeal
It's called governance which requires negotiation and compromise. ACA was a conservative idea. GOP would be against air if Obama said good
You mean the Husseincare negotiations that the Democrats did! Yeah right!
.@SenateGOP LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS.THIS BILL IS THE MOST HATED PIECE OF LEGISLATION EVER! IT IS A MONSTROSITY THAT WILL KILL 10sO1000s!
Medicare was designed to help those ppl. Obamacare added able bodied , working ppl. Blame him.

Best republican plan yet.  Not sure I fully support but worth discussing.  Yes states have choices but we have 50 states costs admin plan.
So will people getting health care plans get less subsidy or higher premium costs from their states?  One fed plan has to lower costs.  TBD
Perhaps you offer one time subsidy for a year for each state to cover their costs (transition fund) of establishing their health structure.
Do NOT support as change to bill.  U R still gutting Medicaid.  Murkowski right.  Original ACA not medicaid reform.  Why is repeal bill?
Did you get a chance to discuss Jared Kushner's Security Clearance?
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP - gov't of Putin. Please put country before party or confess and resign treasonous Putin puppets #TREASON
Lindsey try not to suck up to the host to much fine a back bone either that or at lease change parties. It's ok what you say for a democrat
Uh, our country is at stake. Kushner LIED on his SF-86!  Consequences? Priorities? Get him away from classified info NOW! Defend Country!
Yes Man
Try again. Any cuts to Medicare are monumentally cruel, unnecessary. After seven years of obstruction you have no plans, never did. Grow up!
You guys better get something done!!!
8 years.. all talk. Now worry about reelection!!
Repeal and Replace.. That's it!!
Try not to bash POTUS
Yeah on Fake News! Ur not MY Louisiana
As a true conservative you cannot support a bill that doesn't Repeal draconian Obamacare taxes
This independent wishes you were elected.Respect u and @BillCassidy luv country over party. #respect
How about discussing jailing Sessions for Contempt of Congress?  He's the 1 person out of 300M of us you can actually punish for it.
Nonpartisan @CBO analysis of @realDonaldTrump #budget concludes it doesn’t balance, as @POTUS claimed; under Trump plan, #deficits grow!
I hope you support our POTUS. Stop being sour grapes! Be a man, support him!
Make sure u tell them I LINDSEY Graham is a hotdog loving BOTTOM FEEDER
Not reform, REPEAL!!!!!
must address Kushner's Sec Clearance-Time to stand tall for Nations security-clear application ommisions
Why CNN?
I don't see any problems with anyone in the USA warmongering clearly 8 hasn't punished any nation that's been warmongering so he don't care
Why would you go to CNN? YOU WOULD THINK THE WAY THEY TREAT REPUBLICANS YOU WOULD HAVE CHOSEN DIFFERENTLY! ARE YOU REPUBLICAN OR DEMOCRAT?
GrahamCare = if you're sick, you better hope you're rich or a Senator and get healthcare on the public dime.
As a Dem you're my fav GOP senator. But potentially 50 different healthcare plan in our nation? What a problem for folks that move.
Let's do two things at once. Let's also talk about subpoenaing Trump's tax returns. Surely it must be time now.
why are you always on fake news?
@VeritasRadioNet #slaptheapp for truth you'll never hear from these so called conservatives
#SlapTheApp here: https://apps.appmachine.com/5276EE  #truthinmedia #news #Truth
#Obamacare is a framework and looks the way it does because it has to, as your @GOP colleagues are learning. Fix the flaws and move on. easy
Please work w/ Dems to free us of principal-agent problems caused by employers purchasing insurance for employees.
Here's what I've asked my delegates to work with GOP colleagues on: 1. *Eliminate the Employer Health Care Tax Deduction for direct (1/43)
Reminder: You work for the people! So work together & #DoSomethingAlready 

#SavePatientProtections #SaveHealthcare 
#NoWealthcare
If you want to reach the Republican base you better get off fake news and go back to conservative Networks. None of us watch #CNNFakeNews .
Speak to your "Dear Friend" @SenJohnMcCain and tell him its time to retire Maybe a Hero Once now an Enemy
Please condemn that monstrosity of a bill McConnell created!
Republicans have NOTHING useful to say about health care reform, no solutions, no compassion ....
I have seen Oklahoma's inability to handle money. They can't balance their budget.  The education budget is gutted.
They have no business handling health care for the state.
I don't watch CNN SO NO THANKS
Having you on CNN won't help them or you. #phony
We want you to stand up to russia
You need to be working on a great healthcare bill , not another version of Obamacare.....but you would rather suck up to fake news...
WHY DID YOU SECRETLY VOTE FOR YOURSELF A NO PAY HEALTHCARE PLAN?? PLUS A RETIREMENT SLUSH FUND... REPEAL IT & GO TO THE VA... 
(HYPOCRITE)
You got me back Mr Graham
I'm a democrat and so is my mom. We listened to you and love your ideas! I will call my reps to support it!
This is the kind of real solutions we need to be looking at!
Please get the senators to allow the pooling of businesses so we can get competitive rates. Safety in #'s
How about let's impeach the traitor? Every day he is in office is a day he sells out our country and info.
how about following the advice of virtually every doctor and 71% of country and just fix ACA?
I'm a constituent of Sen. Cassidy. He's stated doubts re this bill but I'd like to hear him pledge to vote no on any bill that guts Medicaid
Discussing reform. Again, not DOING anything, just talking about it. Maybe if we're lucky you'll find it "disturbing" and then do nothing.
Dear Lindsey.
You are a tool
Sincearly 
Everyone under 50
Hoping you will stand up for the people and not the party!

I'm an open-minded liberal. I  appreciate your work.
Please Senator Graham: do the right thing, don't let them gut Medicaid.
Thank you both  for working on a health plan that seems to make some sense.  There is no way around health care without taxes. Use wisely
I may not agree with your politics but I do appreciate your integrity and demeanor. Hope you can set an example & go bipartisan on bill.
Maybe you should stop doing interviews and actually REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMACARE!! Thanks
Please go after democrats with same zeal.  What involvement did Lynch have?  Did Hillary and/or Obama act similarly?
Thanks - u r one GOP sen from the south I respect.  You use ur sense and seem to actually care. & ur not buying the piss from WH, is rain!!
With yur plan aren't some states going to have seniors moving there to get better benefits other states have no one?Some states go bankrupt?
Glad you are working together on healthcare.  Protect those least able to help themselves.
Not sure I believe nothing happened @ ruski meeting.  Jr has zero credibility.
Holy Schmoley Senator!Who would ever believe that I agree with you on anything.Trump Jr. needs to testify.Follow the facts.
Sen.Graham, there are states that are not capable of "running" the Health Care. Does this not set up situations for BRIBES?
GENIUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU LINDSEY....RETWEET!
I LOVE YOU TO @BillCassidy....RETTTTWWWEEEET YOUR SENATOR AMERICANS THAT CARE.....RETWEET!
Now, subpoena @realDonaldTrump taxes. be done with this BS! A Timeline: Russia and President Trump http://bit.ly/2udz86L  via @BillMoyersHQ
@SenateGOP @senjudiciary @HouseJudiciary @HouseGOP GET HIS TAXES NOW! A Dangerous President: The JT Timeline http://bit.ly/2udq020 
2) How much are you personally saving if this tax bill disguised as health reform passes?
your idea on health care is genius hope it comes to fruition, genius on so many levels! Should appease blue and red States!
What happens if tax reform happens and cut obama tax to wealthy..where will the 500 billion dollars going to states come from

Be the hero SC needs and please don't give in to trumpcare @LindseyGrahamSC!!! Your state, sir, would be devastated by this nonsense!!
1) This sounds like a way to pass the buck to states. Anything in order to please Trump, right?
At least someone in the GOP has shown some heart and has proposed at least a good start to #HealthcareBill I urge democrats to at least hear
It's the dumbest decision to back this Republican health care debacle
Finally a good idea  #HealthcareBill
I'll tune in when you start talking impeachment and jail time.
Listening. Work with Dems to REPAIR, not repeal & replace.
CUCK
I don't think POTUS should sign it. You betray him and your party every chance you get. And you are too cocky and got a swelled head.
3) How much longer before GOP will do something about the Trumpinoffs?
https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15964392/bill-flores-trump-kids-white-house …
2) But I am terrified of what Trump is doing and I feel like GOP is turning their heads so legislation can get passed
Why won't you hold a town hall meeting to discuss this with your constituents. Last town hall meeting almost 4 months ago 3/25/17.
Healthcare WHAT ABOUT COLLUSION TRUMP JR?
1)Mr. Graham I have always liked you and I applaud what you done at the hearings yesterday
Are you still a republican ?
Insurance companies say GOP is sabotaging ACA.
Want to help Americans?  Tell RX companies that they have to offer same prices Canadians get OR you will allow Americans to buy from Canada.
Repeal and replace like promised
What do I tell my patients who come into my office in TEARS because they're full time nursing home residents who rely on Medicaid?
You tell them to vote @LindseyGrahamSC OUT OF OFFICE when his term is up.
If they make it that long. And we all know how easy the gop makes it for the elderly to vote. 
We Republicans need to do the right thing and choose our country and not our political party. Trump is destroying our country.
Who do you work for, us or lobbyists? Do you know better than those of us who work in healthcare? Why don't you ask actual ppl what we need?

Your constituents have already heard you loud and clear. I've  voted for you before, won't  happen again. #HealthcareBill
Repeal the lie called The Affordable Care Act already.  Or go home unemployed as a liar and a failure
Fake news for Republican Imposters @LindseyGrahamSC should be on FAKE NEWS NETWORK AND RUN TO HEAD THE DNC PARTY

How bad are y'all gonna screw us, Linds? You'll show us how you feel about your constituents by how you vote. We will remember.
@CNN Please ask the Senator from LA how he'll vote. He won't respond to his constituents' numerous pleas to know.
Quit blustering and actually DO SOMETHING to fix this horrendous mess instead of selling us out to our our enemy.
Just being named one of CQ magazine's "The Fixers" in D.C. I'm sure Lindsey Graham has something #big to offer on healthcare.
Address Sessions refusal to obey the law! Why does Kushner still have clearance? Why are we paying for DTJr's civilian legal defense?
Get it Rino. Or go home and find another job cause you failed
If you two really want to help Americans - repeal what Republicans passed w/Bush - "Government Shall NOT Negotiate with Pharmaceutical  Co."
Man up & Vote NO to repeal the ACA.  Repair whatever is needed.
Its not about healthcare. U r giving insurance co taxpayer $ insurance companies give u campaign $ u put in ur pocket
Why would you want to go ahead with health care reform when we have an administration filled with criminals? Why not wait?
1998 I paid $20/vial for Humalog. Today the same insulin is $300+. The People are being robbed & Its criminal. Fix it Senator. #insulin4all

Work with Dems & fix current healthcare. Americans care more about people getting healthcare than the rich getting tax cuts. U should too
Get it done!
Please vote no!
Good Lord the #FakeNewsNetwork will not allow you talk healthcare reform. They'll pivot to Russia Russia Russia! Won't tune in sir.
After that we'll discuss Titanic Lounge Chair placement, nut definitely not Russian Treason.
I hope you'll stand by YOUR President 
You should be talking about the biggest threat this nation has ever seen: The so-called POTUS. You act like a lion but never show ur teeth
While the members of Congress receive the premier healthcare plan paid for by taxpayers, they'll have little motivation for success.
I don't think you should be reforming anything until we find out what the hell is going on with this administration.
ACA has and is being demonized for political reasons.  Focus on REAL problem: RISING COST of CARE: NEJM:  http://bit.ly/jA9rbt 
you spreading more fake news? Enjoy your last term @CNN @BillCassidy
what about DOJ refusing to disclose Sessions' application?  That is issue #1 today.  They're supposed to enforce the law, not ignore it
why so we can all be grossed out with how anti human your gop bill is? hard pass dude
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
Would also like to hear about president reform.
I NEED my medicare AND LOVE OBAMA CARE.
You do not unless you're subsidized. Premiums are Sky high, deductibles are Sky high. Choices are limited if there are any at all.
do something about lyin' Sessions, sir.
Nyet?

:)
