Go back to playing Dr. You don't know how to be Senator. #yourfired
Thank you for not being the skunk that killed a perfectly good Bill. Have not withdrawn support for you.
Dear DR Cassidy. ... @jtbcummins Why is HEALTH ins different than FLOOD? A THREAD 
Dear @BillCassidy & @SenJohnKennedy You prove here that you can work in BIPARTISAN way, w/input from stakeholders http://www.theadvocate.com/baton_rouge/news/business/article_a5516472-55e4-11e7-8cd7-e75f5e0ad0f5.html?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=user-share …
I can’t wait til you are no longer a Senator, trying to take away health care. You’re amendment is manipulative and @SenJohnMcCain saved us
Seriously? Another group that believes abortion in the case of rape, incest and medical necessity it just too bad.....
As a medical prof myself, I wonder how you ignore that fact that nearly all medical professional organizations do NOT support repeal!
The senate has let done millions who are forced to buy insurance when we don't want it!! PATHETIC! #DrainTheSewer
Collins heller all you need are murkowski and McCain and you'll have your own little Dems in GOP clothing crew. U R A DEMOCRAT!!
I'm glad that @JohnMcCain had more a conscience than you and saved LA from a bill that was half baked. You failed us.
Fully repealing the ACA was an old battle cry that was no longer the answer to the problem. I am disappointed that you voted for a bad bill.
You all can and should do better.  Stop pretending that the ACA can't be fixed.  Get together and do it FOR PEOPLE, not parties.
You had an opportunity to be a hero and stand up for Louisiana  w real healthcare solutions & you chose party and policy over lives. #shame
16 million lives losing insurance isn't really pro-life, but you already know that, don't you,  Dr. Cassidy?
Hey, remember when he was a doctor who helped open health clinics for the impoverished? Good times.
First do no harm.
Seems like Cassidy is using the oath to refer to his political career rather than people.
Need the support of Planned Parenthood, that really support women
Great job trying to steal healthcare from those poors !!  Keep working hard for rich white men!!!!
now not so angry
just so very disappointed
when saw Uon Kimmel I believedU thought I saw your 
until I saw Uhang your head @ McCain vote
Thanks to McCain and his vote, the ACA stays in effect with mandate. Both sides must come together to fix ACA.
Buh bye.
On 7/28/17, under cover of night, MULTIMILLIONAIRE @BillCassidy voted to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS to give TAX CUTS to RICH!!!

#COWARD
Kinda quite today Senator you suffered a major defeat on gealthcare, the La people are safe for now. Cassidy/Kennedy both loosers.
You didn't seem to care as much about @jimmykimmel 's baby as you first led us to believe.  #ShameShameShame
Whoops, glad you got fucked
.@BillCassidy on McCain: “I thought he was a ‘yes’ and had been told he was a ‘yes’ when I came to the floor." http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/28/how-mccain-upended-obamacare-repeal-241070 …
Shame on you for your aye vote.
Vote NO on the Skinny Bill!  It's not too late to change your vote!
thank you for your #ProLife leadership to stop our tax dollars paying for abortions #HydeSavesLives
Maybe listen to the health needs of your constituents rather than some wacky religious PAC
Cat got you're tongue, Fraud-Doc??? #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
What's holding up the vote?
Vote no. A constituent who has called your office several times.
I am a constituent of yours. You block this and you are done. Ive worked hard to get you elected over ML
Skinny Bill with HSA's is also as hale and healthy as God's favored sons. Killing it would be a sin when you look at the promises made.
Update your resume. #YourLastTerm
This is the opposite of #prolife
Absolutely  I hope he doesn't claim to be Christian  Good Samaritan  Matt 25:31-46 take care of the sick those who love me will... John Ch14
Cassidy I seriously don't know how you can possibly even stomach this entire debate; didn't you work with Medicaid patients in your career?!
He's probably a snob. Scrooge. Let them get on with dying  Less surplus population  He doesn't claim to be a Christian,  does he?
And what of the actual bill? Virtually every major health organization has come out against it; and yet you still vote in favor of it? SHAME
AMA is against the bill 16m Americans are against the bill people and Gov of La are against the bill,there is a theme here Senator
You should go to tweet of video of Sen Chris Murphy.  Ryan doesn't want 2 go 2 committee on skinny repeal. Won't promise 2 go 2 committee
#CleanRepeal like we were promised. Does your word or name mean anything?  Where is your honor?  @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs
Is this a vanity issue? "Cassidycare"?  This underhanded process is reprehensible. The US Senate is a laughing stock around the world
The only way to not let your constituents down (you know, those people who you serve) is to vote no on #SkinnyRepeal
U just haven't listened to us, your constituents, and I don't understand why you don't appear to care about us.
You've shown American people u don't care if they have healthcare. Every GOP plan u voted for leaves people worse off. Spare me yr pretense.
Also not a medical association. Every medical association opposes. #firstdonoharm Dr. Cassidy
Duh. He values his  Ayn Rand oath more than Hippocratic
Please note that Louisiana does not support this bill.
Are you all just winging this or what? What analyses have been conducted on these amendments?
Full repeal first

A fair legislative process imbues the final result with democratic legitimacy, while an unfair process corrodes the institution.

@BillCassidy Please explain how eliminating employer mandate helps the majority of working families in Louisiana? https://twitter.com/BillCassidy/status/887132794496987136 …
SPOILER ALERT It doesn't.
You want to pay for illegals in CA Abortions added and so much more while we can't go get care we need we are fed up we will take you all on
I personally will do everything I can that all of you liars and thieves. We can't afford to go to the Dr cuz costs so high we can't afford
How is it you have a bill that allows it to continue the 2020 this is insane an not ok all of you need to be replaced in 2018 we voted for u
I can't believe you are a Dr and you are allowing Taxpayers abortions when the law already prevents it you were to make sure it never did
Let me know when you have one major healthcare association on board...#RegularOrder
Cassidy just lost my vote u r a democrat we sent u to "Repeal" Just do it u have enough money for one term
VOTE NO ON PARTIAL REPEAL, it will cause insurance premiums to skyrocket, the individual mandate must stay intact, think before you vote
Congrats for linking c Graham, but the plan to send to Conference? This will fail.
Please vote against any reduction in insurance coverage for Lousianians and other Americans. You took an oath.
Being able to afford health insurance also helps to reduce abortions.  Just FYI as you vote for a bill that increases premiums by 20%.
Yes Prefer people don't get pregnant on accident I'm ok with condoms pill iud ...It's morally iffy 4 me  Don't endorse but lesser of 2 evils
You quickly show how national groups support your bill. But haven't shown any from your CONSTITUENTS. WE DO NOT SUPPORT IT! Listen to us!
Obviously, he doesn't give a flying flip about Louisiana.
Apparently, he thinks he knows better than us. He defers to us when he wants to win an election. But spits on us afterward.
This bill can't be just about that. Death is death, saving unborn & the living has to be equally important. Majority don't want this bill!
Agree totally  That's a true prolife stance  I'm against capital punishment also
You show with every word and action that you care not at all about the state of our state - you are engaging in self promotion
I am a small business owner in LA. IF you vote yes for this bill I will spend a lot of time working to you out of office
that means educating other small business owners to the fact that you don't care abt the healthcare of working Americans in LA
Vote no or I pledge to volunteer, donate to your opponent and put negative signs about you in the front window of my store.
How big will MILLIONAIRE @BillCassidy's TAX CUT be when he STEALS healthcare from 410,000 Louisianans, then blames someone else?

#COWARD
You should read his amendment. It keeps ACA taxes in place.
Cowardly @BillCassidy plans to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS to give MASSIVE TAX CUTS to the RICH (then blame someone else)!!!

#COWARD
This is why I stopped voting 4 Republicans  I saw "the light"  I'm pro life  pro gun rights  All Dems since 2008.
