Weak! "Those who preach hate?" Can you not say "white supremacists?" Or maybe "Nazis?" "Fascists?" "Alt-right?" They go by many names...
None of which, apparently, you are willing to say. Afraid of alienating the GOP base, senator, or just truckling to Trump? Name the problem.
Interesting everyone posting here KNOWS this was alt right, white supremacists, facists , ETC... all groups at protest to blame
Just asking.  Guess you were there????
No, but people I know and respect were and I've been following it pretty closely. It's not really hard to align the facts if one wants to.
Im just tired of BOTH  sides aligning facts to fit THEIR narratives. I choose to hear from police , but please back to ur crap slinging
Alrighty.. you must like living with your head in the sand.. sometimes both sides are at fault, this is NOT one of them. Enjoy yr bubble.
No bubble here.. heres to leting cops do their job n not believing crap spreaders
I kinda believe the video. And psst there weren't any cops in it while a car plowed into a crowd.
Weak
Put your money where your mouth is, call for @realDonaldTrump to #FireBannonMillerGorka
Your outright denunciation will b required come reelection time by la voters. Better drink a gallon of courage juice and get ready.
There is no fence upon which to sit for this event.  Your statement is shameful.
This a weak response to a terrorist attack in the United States.
Waiting for you to denounce Trump and his support of White Supremecists. Waiting for you to denounce White Supremecy.
Can you scream 'fire!' In a crowded theater? There are limits to free speech and speech that leads to war, as these have, are not protected.

Super-important thread on Graham-Cassidy-Heller #ACA #Medicaid killer. They're coming back for another bite, armed with bribes. https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/896996525976498176 …
I fear it is too little too late. You boys have courted these types of  folks for years - Trump exalting & empowering white supremacist
Next time you speak out, write it down, read2self, burn it. Remain silent & keep hidden your ignorance.
Bill Cassidy, is being a slave to special interest more important than your humanity?  LSU needs you as a guest lecturer, Boot-licking 101.
Wow. @BillCassidy. Winking to the "base", eh? #HeatherHeyer  was killed by a homegrown Christian Nazi terrorist. Say her name. 
Did you say anything when Black Live Matter utilized their First Amendment Rights? Or does the First Amendment only work for White Racist?
Piss poor statement Cassidy. Friend of Dukes perhaps?
Any thoughts on Trump's words that there are "fine people" among the neo-Nazi & white supremacist marchers. Are "both sides" the same?
LAME. why don't you have the guts to call out white supremacists specifically? your office says you did this morning: where is the proof?
Neither La. senator will say white supremacist. This is why the state is stuck in the 1800s and La. is last in the nation. #Charlottesville
Really? All you can say about Virginia is put up this quote? You don't have any of your own words about the white supremacists?
Does free speech include inciting terrorism? Because you sure make the argument it does.
#ThrowsUpALil
You fail to call the POTUS out by name. Just another politician playing the game
You lack the moral courage to speak up and call this what it was - domestic terrorism.  Your constituents will remember.
Coward
Who's the group that protested in Charlottesville? Will you not say who it was?
It was Antifa protesting against a permitted rally.
You say you reject them. What are you going to do about these hate groups?
Yeah they have a right to protest, however the permit was granted at a different park because of the amount of people attending. Thoughts?
Not surprised at your lame reply.  You're an embarrassment to our state
Talk is Cheap. Do something!
They r self proclaimed Nazis + openly spewed against Jews + r proud of it!  How can you not identify this group by name? #ashamedtobefromla
@stevelise,@Billcassidy Shame you cant reason with Scalise. You speak truth, he sounds weak
@BillCassidy, you make me ill! Save this half-ass condemnation for another day! You ought to be ashamed of yourself...like your President.
Say it, William Cassidy! This  was  homegrown  terrorism  at  work!
Stunningly tepid, esp as David Duke calls Louisiana home. See @marcorubio & @tedcruz for appropriate response. @physicianwomen @jasonpblock
Please work harder to take away health care from poors and minorities 
From one Louisiana resident to you sir: make a real statement and denounce the hate the president you support stands for. Represent us.
You also refuse to say KKK or WHITESUPREMACISTIS. David Duke was a REPUBLICAN nominee for Governor of your state. Speak out stronger for LA.
Do they have a Constitutional right to murder? They showed up with tear gas and automatic weapons. Shame on you for that auto response
call it what it is Senator, #DomesticTerrorism
Not strong enough. A true leader would openly condemn the events of this past weekend.
This is the statement you want to go with? Maybe add a supplement. If Cruz and Ryan can do it, so can you.
Say their name! This is just as whimpy of a statement as Trump and just as offensive - conflating all groups protesting as the same.
Or nah? Because right now it seems that you are upholding white supremacy and condoning it, which is completely disgusting & reprehensible.
I'm assuming you feel the same way about Kap's taking a knee in protest? Or the peaceful protests here in BR met with police brutality?
Why aren't you calling out Nazis and white supremacists? Why is that so hard? You folded on healthcare, now this? Do some soul searching.
Who preaches hate though? Just curious.
Nice quote & nice way to duck calling it terrorism. Do you support Trump/Bannon/Duke or civil American value? Take leadership for decency
Call on the Trump Administration to fire Bannon, Gorka, and Miller.
Show support- attend a vigil tonight !
Hardly the strong declaration against NeoNazis this day calls for.
This isn't enough. Call this what it is: white nationalists and nazis preaching hate and violence against fellow Americans.
Are you, like the president, blaming "many sides"? Do you believed that white supremacy and the KKK should be condemned? Say so.
Hate groups have no place in America or the world.  These people are domestic terrorists and must be stopped, including @realDonaldTrump
Not good enough. Call them by their name. White supremacists. Disavow yourself from David Duke. We have our eyes on you.
I'm not sure if these are your words, or someone else. But I find them noteworthy and I thank you for them.
"It could perhaps be said some & others, who behave in ways that some might find offensive & others not, can occur. Prayers."--L.O. Kwent
Even Repubs w/power & influence r speaking out 2 call this evil what it is-more white supremacy hatred!
LA sen r wimps; hoped 4 more from u.
Call it domestic terrorist @BillCassidy call the hate by name @BillCassidy don't straddle the fence to appease your base
How many people are you going to kill by stealing their health care? You're happy with yourself killing people out of greed, right?
Bannon Miller Gorka Trump. See a trend here Bill?  Call what happened today by name. And stand up and get these kooks out of the WH.
@BillCassidy Speech and assembly right must be limited when they amount to hate speech and incitement to violence. UNACCEPTABLE
coward
Ps - did you see the video of a nazi driving into peaceful protestors?  Pss- he killed an innocent woman
This is tasteless and pointless. Leave your god out of this and take a real stand against the horrific events that transpired today. #resign
This is not a condemnation of what happened today. People died, and you offer thinly veiled support for the Nazis responsible. #shame
Your support trump and voted for him- this is on you Senator
Shame on you. If you don't call out Nazis, Klan and murderous white supremacists, you are helping their cause. You know this. SHAME
If this happened in another country it would of been called a terrorist attack even before info came out!
Grow some balls and a backbone and cal it exactly what it is! White supremacist-Nazi-terror attack.
Celebrating the First Amendment after fatality and serious injuries inflicted by hate group. WRONG, not to mention CLUELESS. Spineless GOP.
Your statement sir is at least more eloquent than Trumps earlier today. But clearly you are choosing to avoid alienating your arian brothers
1st Ammdmnt. does not include inciting violence and promoting/teaching that whites are superior and others should be purged from the country
Wow. Unbelievably weak statement. As your constituent, I'm asking that you condemn these terrorists
How will you work to remove the white nationalists from the White House staff?
So weak.  Call the group what they are - white supremacists. One marcher waved a Nazi flag.
Reason u were sent to DC was 2 repeal..cut regs an taxes....forget the rhetoric...do ur job an repeal
He wasn't sent there to REPEAL.
This statement is wholly inadequate @BillCassidy. You must condemn fascism and Nazis, they were clearly there today.
What a timid response to such an incredibly urgent issue.
Not good enough. The problem is white supremacist terrorism. Say it's name. You and your party are responsible for this. Shame on you.
we are the children of our mothers.   as a dr., you should know this.  man up.  your "leader" doesn't even claim your party.
So many of your fellow Republican senators have condemned white supremacy and this act of domestic terrorism. So should you.
He's skeeeered. Or he's a cretin. Time to choose, Bill. Maybe there's Kimmel test for this.
They are nazis. They are terrorists.
Very weak statement. Disappointed in you once again. Call out nazis and white supremacy.
We blame the GOP 4 allowing Trump to be a coward and call it what it is.  #DomesticTerrorism devaluing American beliefs. Sad day 4 a America
@BillCassidy; LA voter here. Please stop dancing and overtly denounce white supremacist groups.
You can object to their speech and call them for what they are without objecting to their right to free speech.
You statement is better than nothing, but it's spineless and sad.
I'd come to respect you for what seems a genuine effort for thoughtful ACA reform. That goodwill is eroded by this weak & pandering response
Your in collison with this administration, peddling hate
So actually condemn the violence, instead of saying that it should be condemned. That's a non-statement pretending to be a statement.
Well, you have been called out by the citizens of this state. I hope you start to remember who you work for. Hint: doesnt rhyme with dump.
"is to be condemned"? By whom? Because you sure as hell aren't condemning it.

You should be ashamed of yourself.
But you'll probably blame liberal/progressives for starting the violence
Absolutely Agreed 100 %!
That statement was very weak. Had that violent group had been people of color would you be so gentle or would you be advocating arrests?
Very weak response. Please condemn white nationalist and Nazi terrorists.
Agreed.  @BillCassidy, show us that you are no friend of David Duke or White Supremacy groups.
specify white supremacy!!!! This is absurd
Say the words, Senator: White Supremacist Nazi Terrorists. #charlottesville
wow this is so offensive Nazis killed someone today
What the h*ll?  This is ridiculous!
PATHETIC
This how racists read your weak non-specific statement that refuses condemn racism. You are complicit in racism when you fail to call it out
Say the words. White supremacists, nazis.
Shameful. Unbelievable.
Wow, Bill, you are just as brave & stalwart about naming Nazism, racism & white supremacy as you were about making sure all got health care.
Say it with me "WHITE SUPREMACISTS"
Coward.
Then you will need to reject the POTUS as he continues to incite and encourage this sort of behavior. It's time for congress to reign him in
SHAME ON YOU! The politicians just don't get what the American people want. You guys are throwing fuel on a very hot fire!
Chicken shit. Hate isn't a strong enough marker. Call them Nazis. Denounce white supremacists.
Just snother vague remark from someone afraid of pissing off his neonazi constituents.
Call them what they are : Neo Nazi shits. The shame of your nation.
"Help me, I can't condemn white supremacists and still get elected."
We have our own white supremacists in this state, many of whom probably voted for you. This statement says their hatred is ok. It's not. 
Ppl who voted for Cassidy were already deep seeded Cajun bigots. This just makes them say "yeah, we were correct, goodnight y'all. No biggie
They have no constitutional right to assault and murder those who oppose them. What about THEIR rights?
You left out "domestic terrorists" "white supremacists" and "nazis". This statement is weak.
Weak sauce #chickenshit

"eventually including anyone who disagrees with their hate" = US soldiers who killed or captured Nazis
Who are you talking about, Senator? Can you be specific? Do you have any moral fiber left, just a shred?
DOMESTIC  TERRORISM ~

SAY IT, @BillCassidy .

IT'S NOT HARD. JUST SAY IT.

JUST SAY IT:

DOMESTIC TERRORISM.

     ~~

#Charlottesville
This was terrorism. Call it by name: white supremacist terrorism. #weak #RemoveCassidy for pandering
someone fucking died billy!
Summary: An unnamed group of people preaching hate is worse than the actions of & violence inflicted by white supremacists. WEAK STATEMENT!
Sounds like you want their votes
Yeah. This is weak and cowardly. Don't mince your words. Condemn racism in no uncertain terms.
You disgust me. Mealy mouths sound and fury signifying nothing. A counter-protester DIED today. And you let it happen.
You cannot even put out a statement condemning white supremacy for what it is. You are a disgrace against this nation.
Huh when I saw this statement from a Louisiana official I almost thought it was from David Duke.  This statement is (at best) just plain odd
David Duke = Bill Cassidy and John Kennedy all Republicans and all from Louisiana The state of Louisiana does NOT stand for this TYPE Action
Should we call these people Christian terrorist
Oh you want to call out terrorism when you can insert "Islamic" but get meek when "home grown white supremacist " needs to be said OUT LOUD!
Really hoped you would have taken a cue from @OrrinHatch given the history of your state.
I want this goon to be kicked out of the United States Senate. 

Louisiana - make it happen. Bill - you career is over.
David Duke - St Tammany parish - lives in his State.   Cassidy won't deny part of his base.
Pathetic
Maybe something like what @SolidCville has said??
We claim to reject those who preach hate. But we wont name them, because they all vote Republican. Have a blessed day, suckers.
There are only 100 senators, this guy is one of them?
Yes, and he is unable to do anything but what his master Trump wants him to do. He does not want to ever appear less than MANLY ... & white.
wow this is like POTUS weak here
Remember Bill, your buddy David Duke was there preaching hate & racism. Then your Buddy in the White House has Nazis next 2 him
JFC. u people ARE deplorable! And btw, I am a child of my mother and father.
Call the perpetrators by name. Call them by name, or be sure that we will remember yours.
This is strange, dude. You might want to rethink. Or think.
Anyone find good screenshots of what he said about #BLM protests? Bet he called them out by name.
Who? Come on name them? Who was behind the wheel that murdered an innocent American &injured 19 more?  This was a terrorist attack u fool.
Why don't you be specific who you are condemning, coward? I have been a registered Republican my whole life. I am now disgusted to say so.
Seriously, what aide drafted this dogshit? They should get their walking papers. Pathetic.
It's crap, for sure; but recall how Bill "made sure" that there would be an improved healthcare system.
Please take our healthcare away.
white bread and mayonnaise response.

Are you even literate?
Any response that stops short of calling these people terrorists and white supremacists is a tacit approval of their stance. Take a stand.
Terrorism that killed and injured people is not free speech.
TL; DR: protesters guilty cuz they provoked the klan rally
Who are the "those" of which you speak sir?

Odd statement considering one of those while "exercising" his "rights" drove over people, killing at least one.
"white supremacist terrorists" ftfy
Another evil tool who won't condemn white supremacy by name.
You realize at least one person was killed, right? And that murder isn't protected by the First Amendment?
Translation: It makes it harder to pander when you kill people. Please make my job easier.
'it was fine 'til the nazis ran over people with a car' - bill cassidy
This is not good enough sir. Do your job.
OK well they killed one and injured 19 in a deliberate attack with a car, & beat and maced several others. Also, they're white supremacists.
So do you have anything less mealy-mouthed to say about white supremacist terrorism (the sixth incident I can think of since January?)
Nope. Try again.
Hey @danapostrophel your MoC is OK with white nationalists and neo-nazis!
We get it, your base is the Louisiana Klan. But could you show some basic moral fibre? Or do you have a hood in the closet too?
Could you please be a little more direct?
Not good enough, Mr. Cassidy. One dead and more hurt due to a terrorist attack from the "alt right" aka white nationalist terrorist attack.
Simpler than your convoluted message: Just say you condemn white supremacy. How hard is that? Oh, wait, you're GOP in the south. So hard.
he's my rep. #itsonus to fix this mess... #whiteswiththem ...u will be voted out posthaste.#unhackthevote
Not strong enough words.
Please call this what it is: domestic terrorism born of white supremacy.
