@BillCassidy Please tell me how 800 Billion in Medicaid CUTS is not Medicaid cutting anything? LOL And please tell all of the Elderly in
Nursing homes, disabled who rely on Medicaid benefits how the largest Cut to medicaid in U.S history won't effect their benefits?
Oh shit no more free stuff! People have to take accountability and actually budget their finances correctly. Oh no some self responsibility
Healthcare was fine the way it was before Barack Obama destroyed this country
You see I was listening until you mentioned #44 now you are just a hater and a racist and have turned me off to anything you have to say.
 the fact u call someone u don't know a racist shows what a loser u are. Obviously u didnt grow up with any class or character. Typical lib
You meant repeal! Front page of my newspaper! Ultrasound $70 competition the $70 is less than a phone bill. Government involvement  why? 
And PLEASE Cassidy, fain outrage for what was done to Mika , and then join trump to try to fuck us all, hypocrite
Thanks for in-depth analysis of AHCA bill.  Hope it can be tweaked to include Medicaid, Plan P, et al on which so many depend before passing
PLEASE vote NO, this Bill contails so many provisions that will hurt Veterans, hurt Seniors, and hurt Americans in general. We can do better
Senator, you pledged to do no harm, and here is your test. We are supposed to take care of our neighbors. #stealingfromthecollectionplate
.Do your job representing your constituents here in LA! Stand with Ted Cruz against the abominable Obamacare-lite bill! #FullRepealNoDeal
If you want to see why Hillary lost the election and how out of touch liberal left are...Tune into Morning Joe. Rich People without a pulse
Trumpcare could leave as many as 343,400 people in Louisiana at risk for losing health insurance.
@tombrokaw doesn't have the where with all to understand healthcare.  He needs to be in a nursing home.
Mumbo jumbo on Morning Joe. If state tax payers don't think sick people should be cared for, then take away health insurance. Is that right?
Trump promised -1. No one would lose coverage 2. Premiums would go down 3. No Medicaid changes  Every promise was a lie.
Get off TV and #READTHEBILL
TrumpCare is the greatest attack on Americans that Louisiana has ever had. 23 million will lose health insurance so wealthy get a tax cut.
#READTHEBILL
You haven't even read the bill! How can you be talking about healthcare reform?!
When Trump guts medicade & shifts costs back to southern & midwest states, how many go bust?
The absolute most boring stuff on TV.  Bring back @CillizzaCNN, The forehead @SteveRattner and @samstein with the beard. #MorningJoe
Will you please stop calling it "health care reform" and call it what it really is - A TAX CUT FOR THE RICH!! End of discussion!!
#Trumpcare=shareholders vs. patients
@tombrokaw
TB is washed up, only you liberals elites bow st his feet!
What happens to all these people you claim needs help when the money runs out. when there's not enough taxpayers to pay for all of this
Brokaw is a bloviator that's all he is ever been
.@BillCassidy is the biggest sellout in all of this. He of the fake @jimmykimmel test. Voting to throw millions of Children off Medicaid.
Brokaw, smartest guy there. Smarter than a doctor, lawyer he is a psychologist he is so many things .... Oh wait the other guy is the doctor
Clearly " better" is defined as better for wealthy, insurance co CEOs and NO ONE ELSE. Can u stand b4 God & answer 4 this policy? #SaveACA
Tired of the fools who think they have theirs and can keep. One catastrophic illness and you are bankrupt. Wake up we all need to be in fix
Tom was most interested in brain deterioration. Tom admired that many yr of trying to explain liberal policies had left 2/3 of his brain 
And Brokaw is another embarrassment
It seems the only job prerequisite for the American Congress is a 6-month apprenticeship at QVC
Brokaw is a hack
Have learned how to watch MJ in 15 minutes. Skip diatribes, FF all but certain people or guests. Skip all the shit. 10-15 min show that way
Brokaw throws Pelosi & Dems under the bus. Mika couldn't wait to end the segment. Funny.
THIS IS PAUL RYAN'S DEATH BILL, HE THOUGHT OF THIS WHEN HE WAS IN COLLEGE, WHEN HE KNEW PEOPLE WILL DIE, OMG!  SENIORS & CHILDREN WILL DIE!
Loved it
Tom Brokaw needs to retire already. I am tired of hearing his rhetoric.
#MorningJoke
All this fresh face talk is ageist & sexist. Average age of men in DEM&GOP leadership is same as Pelosi but not hearing need fresh face talk
And shame on you Joe for letting Cassidy bold faced lie without calling him on a single lie. People will die because of trumpcare
I was shocked that he was on page 97 of 142. Why didn't he finish reading it before coming on the show!
Dr. Cassidy was the best guest that you have had in a long time. He broke down some positives in the Senate bill that really need focusing!
Hahaha hahaha
Your German quest didn't answer your question about 20 dinner quest round table thoughts on Trump the way you intended. #propaganda
Complicit!
How strange is this? Brokow's lecture to calm the rhetoric, then turns rt around appears on MJ, the worst of the worst 4 fanning the flames.
@AmandiOnAir @amjoyshow @tedlieu @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @JudgeJeanine
Tom Brokaw, "there are no free lunches".
?? healthcare bill? WHERE? WHO? oh you mean the gop "DEATH PANEL" tax cuts for the 2%er owners of YOUR PARTY disguised as healthcare. LIARS!
Why only two questions for Paul. And never a discussion of the public option.
#TomBrokaw is geriatric w a pre-existing condition. suppose he were suddenly broke & pension lost- what would he want in healthcare?
In other really big news, it's Friday.
Sen Paul just said it. Capitalism doesn't work in healthcare. Free markets is a myth. It's asymmetric with the patient always disadvantaged
so if GOP wants to privatize health ins. then they need to repeal McCarran Ferguson Act and make health insurance competitive.
Trump was a crook in buisiness and hes a crook and traiter as president.  Follow the money and it will give all the evidence they need
Brokaw won't give credence to propaganda. His effectiveness went when Cronkite beat him out misreporting the war in Viet Nam!
All you Dems want something for nothing.  I gotta go to work now, so someone else can sit on their ass.
Bots work?
This guy is way stupid , tries 2 play it off , but the BS jumps out ya, geez
Dictatorship now!? That demonstrates ignorance of our govt. U should listen 2 inaugural @AARADIONOW 9/5/10. Predicted/why BO 2 b good 4 GOP
Joe, Mika's right. Institutions r taking dangerous hits. Damage's been done.Give your take but don't undermine Mika's message.We need 2 know
Mr. Brokaw tells the truth about the Democratic party? Wow, Brokaw is gonna get it now.
Cassidy is trying to convince you Insur Co will take Medicaid patients. They do not want them, not healthy enough. What a joke!
I live in Louisiana. I am republican. I will never vote for Cassidy again if he supports this healthcare bill. REPRESENT YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
Sen. Cassidy = literally the only the doctor in America who thinks kicking patients off Medicaid will be good for them.
Nah, you have to toss in Price and Sen Barrasso.
Donnie is 1 who is not well. @realDonaldTrump plays bare knuckle politics-like Dems do. Difference is: he's GOP #POTUSTrump. Get used 2 it
@BillCassidy Private insurance doesn't always provide greater access than medicaid.Dr's do deny carriers and specific low-coverage plans.
Don't Ask about Obamacare..its not nice to speak of the dying
I laughed when u said to the senator "OUR PARTY" He's a REPUBLICAN Joe!
Brokaw praises GOP for outsmarting the Democrats on policies!!!
He must have really good health insurance. ...
Finally useful information
re Trump lies: "The Art of The Lie"
Brokaw slams the Democrats for losing after Scarborough asked why do Democrats keep losing????
Another clueless rich man as long as  the Govt is run by old rich White Men, the poor and people of color will never be important
I'll break it down. It took Dems. decades to master funneling welfare$$ into their pockets & Trump says NO MORE. So, Trump is mean. Got it?
Enron welfare for Wall St
I  love you Joe,! You are cute as you want to be . Mika  you a lucky!
two white dudes talking about health care.  how pathetic.
Future Democrat ads write themselves.
IF THE SENATE IS SO CONCERNED ABOUT OUR HEALTHCARE??? LET THEM GIVE US THE SECRET NO PAY HEALTHCARE PLAN. THEY VOTED FOR THEMSELVES
Meanwhile U focus on #WitnessIntimidation. Stuck on stupid aren't U?! Fine with me. U help @realDonaldTrump and the GOP with your obsession
Reality Show tactics won't work.  #WitnessIntimidation #ObstructionOfJustice #LockHimUp
Get real. Politics, reality show, pro wrestling it's all the same. All about out maneuvering + out communicating opponents-however U can.
Only wheel Tom in to give MorningJoe  legitimacy. 
Joe only pretends 2b conservative when Mika ALLOWS it. 
NEVER FORGET WHAT JOE HAS DONE.
I guess we are useless and the republicans want us to die even thpugh i paid in all my life .
Tom Brokaw doesnt even know what decade it is so discussing health care is probably gonna give him a stroke
#dems need a laxative. They are full of crap. They did not even read it and said people will die.  Liars.
What about the money paid in to social security all my life to benifit me as i grew older? Im 61 and unable to work drawing disability.
The GOP taken over by the Russians and the DEMs being suppressed and undermined by the Russians with help from GOP(Russians) here we are
&Dems are suppressed by gerrymandered districts, regular voter suppression, reduced times &polls, dropping voter from rolls. Thats BS
Keep up the pressure.Your role and mainstream media are vitally important The administration is on the wrong side of history.
Dems are too kum bah ya to play dirty politics. They think it will all work out. The recent elections where in Red districts. gimmea break
Eugenics plan of the GOP and Global elites.
Premiums do not go DOWN! Insurance companies make money! Without essential health benefits you will get shit coverage!
agreed. it is as much a public utility as roads & electricity. stop acting as if insurance & healthcare are luxuries. got us w autos. enuf
No heath ins con is going to lower rates enough for poor ppl to afford comprehensive policy no matter how many are buying! 2
Poor ppl get free ins Medicaid
Disappointed that there weren't more questions disputing the senators claims about new health care.
Does anyone want to ask Cassidy what medicaid recipients need to do to acquire "private" insurance?  He was so glib as to make it sound easy
Keep up the pressure.Your role and the mainstream media as a whole is vitally important.The administration is on the wrong side of history.
NO, No, no! Medicaid is for the poor! Vouchers will do no good...we are considered poverty level and don't file income tax! $2,000.pm for RX
no no no the voters have been GERRYMANDERED by REPUBLICANs Tom Brokaw. GOP is shady. They lie suppress &cheat to win. You forgot that part.
Fox and Friends you get attractive, intelligent ladies, music, joy and debate. Morning Joe you get hand wringing, sighs.....and Mika. Hmmm
@BillCassidy LIED and you let him SLIDE! Why?
You think that's bad wait till Pelosi comes on to toot her own horn
Ur a closeted trumpster. U tweet claim Obama lied "252" times in 8 yrs. when ur master did that last week. Ur no conservative. Ur a sheep.
Fantasy conclusion drawn by Sen. Cassidy that Medicaid insured will successfully transition to private insurance. #Healthcarebill
Does he understand the medicaid is not a choice?
WHY r u letting Cassidy sit there & lie about the disastrous Senate HC plan? Ppl are going to DIE if this bill gets passed. 1
Capitation only benefits young; patients actually lose healthcare when providers limit visits due to $$$. Will hurt elderly and truly sick.
I have worked for those Medicaid providers under Cap, and it was made clear those pts got 1 visit a month, period. If goes all around? $$$
He didn't ask him shit. Why didn't anyone ask him the difference in cost for a poor family on Medicaid to buying private insurance..
This was offensive in the level of gymnastics, omission and contribute in @BillCassidy 'a answers. Painful
@tombrokaw 1/ You are all over-thinking/high-browing why Dems are losing...talk to some avrg ppl. Its FOX NEWS. The voters are lazy, & they
2/ follow easy path of being told what to think rather than do the work of being informed. FNC viewers have grown as a propaganda VIRUS...
3/ that avrg voters/ppl pile on -- mob-mentality. Whatever the masses are doing, they follow along, cannot be bothered reading/listening
4/ to anything else. They are not hearing the indepth info. becz they are single-sourcing their "news" w/FOX! Talk w/them about most issues,
5/ and they have NO CLUE what is happening... on BIG ISSUES! But they know the Fox talking points of propaganda & BS. ITS THE VOTERS FAULT!
6/ Voters have grown super-lazy & the hard-earned fights of that RIGHT TO VOTE & reqrmnt of FULL PARTICIPATION & ACCOUNTABILITY a bother.
7/ Voters cant be "bothered" - its so much easier to go abt their lives in frustrtn & have FNC spoon-feed them who is causing that frustrtn.
Done yet? You attack FOX while all that's seen/heard on CNN, MSNBC are a bunch of so called adults w/o respect, gossip driven trash talk.
"There is no free lunch". Tom Brokaw
Well......yes there is!
U dc elites sit around and laugh at your jokes about our great president trump us real Americans just laugh at you. Winning #MAGA
I thought all u white people were struggling that's why u voted for trump. Ha ha I am laughing so hard. Amerikkka getting hers. Thanks trump
The very short break from your daily barrage on Trump and Russia fairytale
You can keep your Dr and Ins. plan if you like them,Where the hell did I hear that Lie OH YA Obama Remember.
Credits only help if you have money put away in the first place, people live check to checkpoeple don't have it
Some of us do...but we dont rely on freebies to manage our finances
Well some of us have worked hard earned 2 masters and mother got ill and that's what some of us have jerk that is a common thread in america
My mother had heart issues, diabetes and was in a wheelchair until she died at 82. We paid all her med bills and supported her fully
How are you letting Cassidy get away with lying that people on Medicaid won't lose care and that premiums will go down?
These interviews are nearly unwatchable due to the mollycoddling of those who are spouting half truths and outright lies.
