You know that isn't really what this article you linked to is saying at all, right? Did you actually read it?

It neither says that the mandate didn't work nor says that low income ppl pay disproportionately. I can only assume you didn't even read it
The alternative is that you read it but didn't really understand it.
And another alternative is that you read it, understood it and decided it would be politically expedient to lie about it.
It's going to be my personal mission to see you out of office, out of practice, out of money, and out of luck. No heart, no brain, no balls.
you go without insurance that tax payers have paid for
I, and my physician colleagues on the front lines, support you 100% sir! #GrahamCassidyBill #RepealAndReplace #repealobamacare
U R about low income Americans paying disproportionally.  FUND THE SUBSIDIES.   But I do find it hard to believe you actually care...
people keep paying fees for not having insurance. Everyone has to have car insurance EVEN though they don't like paying for it!
As a person who works in healthcare in the most impoverished areas of South/East Los Angeles, I support you
My children, with kids didn't like the mandate at first. But then they bought insurance and thank GOD now that they have insurance. Let...
If you're so confidant in this thing you've created, let the CBO analyze before trying to ram a vote down our throat.
make the young non insurance buyers pay into the health care premium pool with a payroll deduction

#ACA repealer @BillCassidy announced in 2014 his teen daughter, Meg, was pregnant & "faces a more challenging future than her peers."
Stop lying!
Sen @BillCassidy called our reading of his health care bill on pre-existing conditions false. Here’s how we read it: http://n.pr/2fAWevD  https://twitter.com/BillCassidy/status/910316563047337984 …
You slimy cocksucker.
16 professional orgs and the AMA, AARP and Blue Cross Blue Shield are against this plan.  THEY KNOW UR WRONG!!!

Bill Cassidy a liar he just wants his name on it the Graham Cassidy & trump doesn't have a clue what's in the bill Republican Party clueless
False & false. Article: "Since passage of ACA, 20m Americans gained health insurance & uninsured rate has dropped from 16% to 9% since 2010"
Because we can't stand your alternative. Time to listen to Bernie or see the people stand up to you bullies in Congress.
Liar
Cassidy's only reason for wanting to get rid of Obamacare ....is it's name.    Which is a dumb reason, you should be supporting it
Your plan cuts the low income out! 
This hurts the lower and middle class, bringing back the #classdivide to support #taxcuts for the rich!
Because low income Americans disproportionately benefit.  Everyone will be affected by a major illness in their family during their lifetime
Because it protects people with preexisting conditions and protects benefits like maternity care.  That's why.  Fix the ACA
So you worry about low income Americans here, but not in the tax code. Cutting taxes to the wealthy mean low income Americans also pay more.
First do no harm -- remember that? Look it up as it appears you've forgotten the oath you took.
Shame on you.
Individual mandate and ACA working more effectively that ever in spite of sabotage by failing Republicans.  Repeals and lose your job fast.
Then FIX the ACA

JUST OUT: Under Graham Cassidy ACA repeal...

-a 31% cut to Medicaid for kids
-a 15% cut for ppl w/ disabilities…
Propaganda and Lies.  That is not what this will do.  It will only hurt millions of Americans.

This bill is a death sentence to many. You don't care about people you liar
Low income Americans get cancer too. Emergency rooms no longer close due to bankruptcy. Why do you want to kill people w/pre-existing conds?
You're a liar.
Resign
Why keep it ? Just let them die.
Total BS. You are a cruel uncaring racist trying to undo Obama.
This is intellectually dishonest and you know it
Stop pretending that you care about low incone people.   This bill will bankrupt or kill them if they get sick.
Let's fix it by raising taxes on corporations and the rich and increasing subsidies, not kicking poor people off entirely!
Shame on you for attempting to destroy American lives
More false info so you can lose HC. If this is so great include congress or explain why

Shame on you Senator Cassidy for putting Party over People... Amer deserves better... the ppl of LA deserve btr.. ur demons will haunt u...
The piece of crap you're pitching is worse. It will kill 1000s of people per year for $400M in Koch brothers funds. Blood money. Jerk
If by "disproportionately pay," you meant that their premiums are offset by subsidies, then yes. But maybe you'd rather they were uninsured?
Save my healthcare. Fix the #ACA #ACASavesLives
So you are no longer for #PersonalResponsibility?  ACA is a Conservative idea requiring all take personal responsibility. #FakeConservative
So you instead force millions of Americans to pay 100 times more for pre existing. Force millions to do without insurance. No shame. GREED

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
What your bill does is take something imperfect and replace it with something worse.  That’s not a good plan.  It’s not a good bill.
What are you talking about?

Do you know how ACA subsidies work?

Lower income folks have seriously reduced premiums.
You should have done something when Rubio undermined #ACA & raised premiums & then when Trump did. But its about something else isn't it.
Your plan destroys lives! We the people don't support you or this!
Louisiana, are you proud?
This is really something: "This guy, Bill Cassidy, just lied right to my face"
https://twitter.com/jimmykimmel/status/910327697091391489 …
How about taxing some if your billionaire buddies at an appropriate rate? Y'all keep yearning for the 50's how about THAT tax rate system?
Senator, @JimmyKimmel has some good reasons for you:
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 

You lied.
You won't find a clearer explanation of why the #GrahamCassidy bill is horrible than @jimmykimmel's monologue: https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=6&v=cOlibbx5sx0 …
What will happen to people with pre exisiting medical conditions, medicaid 4 people with disabilities, poor children & adults, elderly?
Because millions of people will die?
So you've decided to let them die instead.
If it doesn't work, it's because you spent several years trying to undermine the ACA, like the crooked man you are.
And let me just say, for 40 years I have had car insurance and never had claim which helps my insurance company pay for bad drivers claims.
No they don't. They get the subsidies.  Why are you lying.  FIX THE ACA.  YOU CAN DO IT.
@BillCassidy I don't see ANY positive comments. Which only means that your base doesn't know how to read OR it's a bat-shit crazy bill!
Individual mandate is only way it work, otherwise only sick people will have insurance and premiums will skyrocket.
Where's the CBO score? The full Senate review and discussion? Where's public input? (Definitely not from the town halls you didn't hold.)
Because it's the only way to guarantee  for coverage of pre-existing conditions as you well know.  Everyone in the pool.
That is what insurance is all about.
I am done tweeting about the unbelievable stupidity and inhumanity of this bill. For today, anyway.
The difference between you and cancer is my tax dollars don't pay to subsidize cancer's health insurance. #RepealBillCassidy
It works for me.  Nobody ever talks to me!  Your plan is cruel and heartless.

My letter to @BillCassidy explaining how his bill uniquely and disproportionally hurts his home state of Louisiana. 

This doesn't pass the Jimmy Kimmel test & it's worse than the last bill. Fix ACA and stop trying to tk our healthcare. And you're a Doctor..
Fix it. You can do that instead of eliminating care for millions of children! 
This tweet by Cassidy is so damn rediculous on so damn many levels why would he tweet . . . oh, forgot, he loves people dying w/o HC. Sicko!

Lie lie lie.  Shameful.
So instead you sponsor a bill that will kill millions of Americans. How do you sleep with yourself?
Because that's how insurance works.  Maybe you should just support single payer?
Get gov OUT OF HC!  Allow Xstate Lines of purchasing, torte reform etc. GOV makes a mess out of everything!
Lying about what your plan does and does not do shows how awful your plan really is.

#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
Increase the penalty and increase credits. The plan you offer is asinine and cruel.
Your "solution" will be even worse. #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer is the only way forward.
So your improvement is a plan that will lead to 32 million losing insurance and destroy medicaid, hurting kids, seniors and the disabled?

The new GOP health-care measure goes much further in gutting coverage than the failed one http://wapo.st/2xhe2W3?tid=ss_tw-amp …
actually it works perfectly in Ca, you just can't get it together! #KillPeople #NoEmpathy #TrumpTrash

You don't give a damn about low income Americans. You would happily see people DIE in order to keep your funders rich.
The average person couldn't afford insurance before the ACA and if they bought a policy they would find it was junk when they needed it.
Your voting record shows that you don't give a rat's ass about low income people.   http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/Bill-Cassidy-412269 …

SHAME ON YOU
Remember when you pretended to care about Jimmy Kimmel's kid
These two senators want to remove your medical pre-existing condition protections @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC
#GrahamCassidy would price gouge older Americans with an age tax, decrease coverage, and undermine pre-existing condition protections.
Talking abt who disproportionately pays 4 something is RICH coming from a Sen from Louisiana, a huge taker st. What wd LA do w/o donor sts?!
So, @GOP is doing this just to spite @POTUS44 ? Because GOP wants to reverse @POTUS44 actions GOP does not care millions suffer. Disgusting.
Liar just a damn liar
Without the mandate, coverage for pre-existing conditions would go away. Can't have one without the other. Priority for insurers is profits.
You are wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Americans WANT the ACA. Say goodbye to any political future you wanted.
So wipe out insurance for those who need it the most: the poor, those with preexisting conditions, expen. conditns. GOP death squad leader.
Shame on you. Horrible plan that will bankrupt and kill many thousands #handsoffmyACA #loveACA #grimreapercassidy 
Then endorse Medicare For All then. You have government healthcare, so do all the men and women in uniform.
Only cowards try to pass a bill w/o a CBO.  What say you Senator?
CBO scores showing tens of millions of Americans will lose insurance coverage has helped derail past repeal votes. R solution: vote w/o #s
YOu are a fraud. This is going to kill people but you don't care. You got your bribe from the ins cos and big pharma. Liar and a fraud.
To shift $ to Billionaires, CassidyGraham end health care for Americans:
This bill will knock off everyone on the Expansion. That will cause deaths. You're terrorizing people!  This is NOT Christian it's barbaric
U r very irresponsible. U need to be sued for endangering the health of many ppl. I will lead this effort.
.@LindseyGrahamSC better to not fulfill repeal "promise" than harm millions w a bad, rushed, partisan bill. 

Backlash TSUNAMI coming 4 GOP
No one wants your supposed "healthcare" it benefits no one but yourself
Did you read the article you tweeted? It explains how #ACA #Medicaid expansion (which you want to curtail) increased insurance coverage.
Article also notes #ACA effectiveness depends largely on state govt decisions: less effective where states have tried to sabotage, yet...
...you & @LindseyGrahamSC think delegating more power to states (many of which made harmful decisions on ACA) will somehow improve outcomes
It works in Illinois but not in Georgia (No Medicaid Expansion), go figure. @GOP @SenateGOP and @BillCassidy obviously hate the poor!
Your plan won't work! Fix what is broken! GOP had 7 years & this is the best you got? Come on! Do better!

Sen. @BillCassidy used to say repeal must pass the Jimmy Kimmel test. Now he's written a plan that flunks it. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/dont-look-now-but-full-obamacare-repeal-is-back-on-the-table_us_59bd9f2de4b086432b07a12a?ncid=inblnkushpmg00000009 …
Check out your ratios, homey. This bill sucks.
It does work. And scraping it makes pre-0exitenging coverage collapse. You are a liar and fraud. What is wrong with people like you?
Why is a completed pregnancy a preexisting condition that = huge premium increase for women? Children were preexisting conditions???
this kind of public policy would *encourage* abortions of disabled babies
Why can't you improve the ACA, Bill? Everyone will benefit if you make it better
Literally nobody is buying your propaganda.
Let's stop pretending that your bill benefits low income Americans. #GrahamCassidy
Vote this heartless person out in 2020.

And what will your version of health care do to help them? All you talk about is ACA. WHAT are you going to do @BillCassidy??
Low income Americans get Medicaid/ACA subsidies. Your plan wipes them out. ACA is loved. YOUR plan = death/bankruptcy for millions.
Shame on you! This bill would financially break middle America.

The article was FOR Medicaid expansion and how it helped people.
If you actually read this journal article it explains that. This article supports the ACA did your staffer read it before posting?
This is Skinny Repeal&all the 900 other BS legislations you tried but WITH blatant bribery!You penalize the states who's citizens HAVE HC !
I can't believe your making me learn another acronym  #StopGCHJ #StopGC #ADAPTandRESIST
Shame on you and @LindseyGrahamSC , shame on you.
When quack dr loses his senate seat, let's go after his med license.

It does work and your concern for poor people is ripe.  How much does Big Pharm and insurance donate to your campaign?
YOU ARE A MENACE TO THE GOOD PEOPLE OF AMERICA.not to bright or enlightened Pathetic
Greedy Small Business owners will not offer healt ins voluntarily generally speaking. They profit and their employees are scab labor
With many yrs in h/care practice mgmt, I've seen Medicaid gives uninsureds medical care access. Right thing to do. States must assume care.
Governors @HouseGOP @SenateGOP should support this bill. States must design Medicaid plans that meet population needs.
Need to address concerns in Medicaid physician reimbursement must follow soon.
It is in the peoples best interest to repeal&replace NOW to maintain continuity in patient care. Must see no traces of Obamacare remain.
We deserve Medicare 4 All. Our families are worth it. U voted 4 #Trumpcare. You have absolutely zero credibility on the issue of healthcare.

The people of Louisiana will lose millions of $ if this passes. Thanks a lot @BillCassidy
You all the ones setting this stuff up. Write a humanely funded bill and then support it.
The answer is easy, #SinglePayer. Otherwise, you are just making a somewhat unpopular & complicated sys. less popular and more complicated.
Depends on what you're asking it to do.  It does make it feasible for insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions.
There is no way you can justify the changes regarding pre-existing conditions or the additional money sent to AZ for a key vote.
Health care is only for white men!!!!! 
Agree, Medicare for All is the solution.
But since your party doesn't actually care, the ACA is the best we have until we can kick you out.
Why don't you actually take the time to speak to ALL medical professionals NOT just the Wealthy... Price is a #DISGRACE
The ONLY way to go is Single Payer or Universal Healthcare! This is a disgrace! Who pays for your Healthcare? We The People #DISGRACE!
i agree.

lets give everyone medicare.
Keep the mandate.
Go back to the drawing board! Hell is this scarier! Horrible! We The People Want & Deserve what YOU & @LindseyGrahamSC receive!
Because otherwise they have no coverage. Keep the supplements/ credits. Fix it rather than repeal
Why do you not listen and hear the people who say ACA has saved them or a loved one. That is your problem.
You're not working either.
1000s of our patients have healthcare coverage because of the ACA. Fix the problems, don't take it away! Fund the Marketplace to help more.
Oh blow it out your backside Cassidy. THIS is why we need #MedicareForAll
Your "healthcare plan" will kick millions off healthcare and kill more Americans each year than 9-11. That's Terrorism in US.
The individual mandate DOES work. We have the lowest uninsured rate in our history. Taking away $$ won't help ppl afford it more easily.
Because of the ACA, my medically fragile 3yr old still has insurance after >$2mil in medical costs & can't be denied when she is an adult.
Exactly. And since when do we only have shitty options? Why are these assholes trying to convince us that we can't have good health care??
