If they do, it will be the last term they sit in office
Amerika v/s north koriya&India v/s pakistan chaina is vilan Rolls becuse Amerika donot ledar in world &chaina become world ledarship
Atambum Hidrosan,new clier teknoloji Northkoriya vaya pakistan All halp is chaina plese undrstand my firand RU Alert&Amerika country thanks
If you were half as smart as you think you are you would have just built on what Obama did and taken the credit for the whole thing.
Some will. McCain won’t. Rand Paul won’t. Susan whatsherface won’t. There’ll be enough to ensure anything you propose won’t pass. 2018!!!!
Why do this guy hate Obama soon much
Me to
And I respect all that you stand for thank you for all your help you are great
#WorstPresidentEver
I can't believe my eyes and ears.
My state has a horrible maternal death rate, yet wouldn't accept Medicare expansion. I don't WANT Texas to control my healthcare!
They're mostly for themselves. Fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing
Single payer universal healthcare like every other developed country in the world please!
Its all about pocketing $$ ! You care nothing about human beings ! Psychopath ! YOU are diabolical and sick !
Sure Donald and then money goes into pockets of politicians and rich friend. You lie sir.
Tom Price needed correction. Officer Turner, yes! Our flag and anthem, yes! Congrats on the new grandson. Love to Melania and Barron.
SB
sb
sb
Fulfill their goal of killing the most vulnerable, the ppl who are continually oppressed! Sick rich white men!
He's already doing th hat catch up
Tell us w/o a prompter what's in the bill. Do you know? Can you read it and understand it? Asking on behalf of USA.
Vote has to do with politics and isn't procedural. Stop lying. All people won't receive medical care they need at equal basis!
Kock brothers must be kept happy in the swamp!
I hope they don't
Amen
Great idea! Should work out for most!
I want free market back! My insurance would be $1800+ per month so I have none!
Another loss You are the best and biggest looser ever to hold the office of POTUS This tax thing is just another gambit charade Lose again 
I have a yard full of flooded house debris. Can you repeal and replace that? #Florida
And you will have millions of people dying because of it is that what your Bride Putin wants
Mr. President, is this your "hope" or your koch?
If they do, they will not be fulfilling their promises!
Can u explain the replace part to me?  This bill is as bad or worse than the previous ones.
Donald Trump in president of Russia!!!
I also see your paid puppets are hard at work. Do you pay them per letter or per tweet? We All know about your puppets! @TheDemocrats
Not with McCain, his donors won't let him.
What is the guilt of Yemen's children to brutally kill by -Saudi aggression? 
#Sign_For_Yemen 
#IStandWithYemen
Meet the 5-year-old who survived an airstrike that killed her family, and opened the world's eyes to Yemen's

Remember to include a euthanasia rider for those of us with pre existing conditions who will die if this bill passes.  Repubs are cruel
Can someone tell me how I can get affordable insurance? Senator McCain...suggestions? #MAGA
#MAGA
#MAGA
#MAGA #REPEAL #RepealAndReplace
#RepealAndReplace #Repeal
Enough said 

Best revenge is SUCCESS! For the man Obama said would NEVER be @POTUS...

...Thank God he was WRONG...per usual! #MAGA #Trump
#ObamaIsAFraud #ObamaGate #WireTap #MAGA #TRUMP
How is all of that winning going for ya POS?
No won't happen we are not stupid!!!
Puke. This would be disastrous for me. I am a PRE-EXISTING CONDITION.
The bill is dead. Never going to be enough votes. HA HA HA HA HA HA HA Stupid fucking 
What happened to "congress shall pass no law" they should have to use the same health care they are providing us, it would change quickly
Each once of them should be expected to show the pork they have placed in the bill, then see where it goes
You are a great american! I love white people and guns!
Not a good idea DT. If your decisions were based on what people need instead of what companies need.... we'd be right behind you.
Sad how little support this president is receiving from his own party.  Maybe we need to elect different Republicans.
Come on 45 with your bad self tell the people the truth what your healthcare plan is you rough and tough with your Twitter this your chance
You would much rather see people die then they do what a president should do if they help the countries that need help
The only reason you're not over there to help Puerto Rico out is because you can't get your wall built tell the people the truth
So you don't went to bribing people to agree to something that they know is not right you are a bomb you care for nobody but yourself
Obama will be the first person to say Obamacare is not perfect you just want to repeal and replace because you're jealous of Obama
Why don't you cut the bullshit?
No medical organization supports this, not one. Stripping protections for pre-existing conditions is unconscionable.
Impeach!!
Two peas in a pod you and @realDonaldTrump are!
Sigh. But that doesn't fix the problems. Just exchanges them for different ones.
If They Don't.. You Need To Clean House...
Mr. President, the people of Missouri do not want this bill or obamacare, keep pushing for effective healthcare. Thanks, maga
Get ready! Millions to be stripped of healthcare by tRUMP and the GOP! Hey you chose these clowns America!!! I'm sure they'll enjoy theirs!
#JustRepeal
 #FreeMarket
 #CrossStateLines

Get Govt. out of healthcare

#MAGA
Tied to their promises to lobbyist desires, they probably Do want it, but they are All Weak, and lack the courage to help the people
Can any of you tell me ONE thing that is in the bill?
Ok so you hate HC; I get that! I don't like her either. BUT, CAN YOU TELL ME ONE THING THAT IS IN THE BILL!?
Yes, heath care subsidies are going directly to the States rather than be deligated by federal govt. Not much else is changing 
#JustREPEAL
YOU REALLY NEED TO READ THE BILL. I DON'T THINK YOU FULLY UNDERSTAND IT-IT'S ABOMINABLE
And we ALL hope you're #Impeached just like #SlickWillyClinton! An utter disgrace to the country and World!#MuellerIsComing

Look at Rand Paul's plan it will not cost the gov. Money.
A plan with no safeguards is NOT acceptable for Americans.
Usual Republican low bar....using bribery for Senators willing to sign on to Trumpcare #trumpcare3
Same rotten bill that breaks your phony campaign promises. "Money to the states" STOP LYING.
This is a horrible plan. You're a dummy.
No illegal Obama care fines .
We are with you 100 Percent! We have never wavered from your efforts to ...... MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Do you really think the third time is going to be a charm?
You don't even know what the bill says yet you're saying it's great. Perhaps you should explain it to the American people
Oh no, I forgot that your mental comprehension of such matters is Null and void.
Ahhhhhhh... fiddlesticks, I forget about that.
Do you really not care about the citizens of your country & their access to affordable healthcare? You are championing a disastrous bill.
Giving money directly to states means once they run out, they're on their own and many programs that save lives will get cut! #GrahamCassidy
and 30 million direct to a cemetery, including pregnant women.
Resign.
Knew you didn't care about ppl w disabilities but to push to kill my child?!? What kind of president are you? The #GrahamCassidyBill harms!
what crock of shit Children of dead beat parents were always covered even before Obamacare you're using Babies to steal from people who work
You are ignorant! We work full time have private insurance and probably pay more taxes than you do. F off you hateful piece of shit!
because you both work, your daughter probably needs Home Health Care thru exp medicaid.
Right Medicaid has always been there for kids - Not Obama care
I was referring to Medicaid expansion (ACA) for incomes higher than poverty.
Admit it @realDonaldTrump, the only reason you want to repeal/replace is because Obama is black. #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
Race card Charlottesville was set up by the Dems by telling cops to stand down causing the fat lady's heart attack. Antifa came to fight.
Graham-Cassidy is an EVIL bill that jacks premiums for pregnancy by over $17,000
Under #GrahamCassidy, pregnancy could cost you an extra $17,320. Breast cancer would cost $28,660. http://ampr.gs/2fhTLcH  #ProtectOurCare 
#GrahamCassidy has NO protections for ppl w/ pre-existing conditions, to ensure they're not bankrupted by cost
Cassidy-Graham has no protections for anyone with a pre-existing condition: http://bit.ly/2xEHkiA  
This horror show is just a plan to END MEDICAID AS WE KNOW IT w insane cuts, ending all funding after 2026. http://bit.ly/2xEHkiA 
The bill also eliminates coverage for an estimated 32 million people & cuts benefits for people with opioid addiction by billions of dollars
But you don't care about details, you just want a bill signing ceremony! Even though it means millions would be kicked off their insurance
Here's how we fight to kill #GrahamCassidy https://www.humorlessqueers.com/2017/09/20/all-out-to-stop-graham-cassidy-trumpcare-3-0-e38/ …
It will kill thousands--a virtual genocide on the poor.
Can you tell us what ObamaCare will be replaced with?
Natural Health is the only solution
You don't care about how this foolishness effect the Am People - u just want a Desperately needed Win - not gonna happen #LOSER !
Mr Trump have you read the whole bill  yet? And if so, we know you would turn it down too!  It is really bad. Bad for Republicans to pass.
Next election your out of here heller you let trump bully you or I wouldn’t be surprised bribed you
Nice try!  It's dead
YES
Nice last ditch effort but Republicans have cut their own throat! Our country is in big trouble!
Won't pass there is that "cancer" that will not vote again! They really should recall him! He is hurting his own ppl in AZ ,the idiot!
REPEAL OBAMACARE - TRASH TRUMPCARE - TRASH GRAHAM-CASSIDY BILL!!!
@VP I think MCcain has jealousy issues that are making him so stubborn.
@SenJohnMcCain , PLEASE NOTE!!! Do not let the ARIZONANS, like ME, DOWN!!!
McCain is the best he stands for what is right I stand by him all the way he's for the people all my prayers for him and family
They will not do anything that we want. Voting them out.
...and death to thousands with no coverage.  Murderous.
Do you ever get tired of failing over and over again?
This not what you said in a later tweet. You said you wouldn't vote for it. Quit flip flopping!!!
We hope so.
Not a chance
Dems wanted a federal healthcare program to control the money (line their pockets). Money direct to states presents a problem.
Bad for US citizens. Adds state beaurocrasy to any future healthcare plan.
I hope they don't those who do I will personally condemn
READ THE PROPOSED BILL YOU IDIOT !! WORSE THAN THE LAST ONE !!! #WORSTPRESIDENTINUSHISTORY #HE'SGOINGTOGETUSALLKILLED
If Republicans pass this and a bill hits your desk please sign it. Your signature will insure you are not re-elected in 2020. You're great!
"Money direct to States!"  I'm sorry, but shouldn't the potus be able to use grammar properly?
I hope they grow some balls and vote NO!
Godless!!!
@Lawrence @JoeNBC @KeithOlbermann Also million of people with out health care because of it. 45 we will vote every GOP out in 2018 possible.
Another LIE it's your Promise.
I hope you go away but that doesn't look like that's gonna happen

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
LIES FROM THE LIAR IN CHIEF. THE BEST LIAR IN CHIEF!
I hope they listen to their constiuents actually! If they don't when doing fed business they sure won't when it comes to state business
It's ever needed. I'm sure the orange guy has his own agenda to profit off being President.  Me me me you people should be ashamed
It better cover existing conditions
You disgust me.Your health plan targets elderly,poor,sick, and women.Basically, all those who need health care the most.
Your a liar, theft, narcissist, and them some, I hope u and your whole team become extremely ill and they can't treat none of u #healthcare
The promise was to repeal, not replace govt program with another govt program.
Does the G-C Bill limit costs on what companies can charge patients for Pre-existing conditions???????
I hope they will NOT vote for this rid and ridiculous bill and continue to reject your irresponsible opinions and changing ideas. U R crazy!
Perhaps YOU should go on the plan IF it passes...THEN we'll see how much you like it.  DISASTROUS!!
You don't even UNDERSTAND the issue! Bill throws people off insurance, erodes protections for preexisting conditions!
I haven't seen any thing that's going to promote growth in this care plan you stated would boost small business?
Actually that's a fucking lie. It will cut finding to necessary programs like Medicaid.  I'm pretty sure Jesus hates all who deny the poor.
#OHIO YOU BETTER WAKE UP! #GOP RULE HERE #GOV #AG #SOS #HOUSE #SENATE DON'T BLAME IT ALL ON VOTER SUPPRESSION! MANY DEMOCRATS DON'T VOTE!!!!
Incompetence personified.  Political expediency over a real solution to healthcare that covers all Americans.
You don't even read these bills, do you? As long as the Senate says it's "repeal & replace" you'll support it even if that's not what it is.
https://twitter.com/UniteAlbertans/status/910926285110525952 …
JUST TELL THEM ALL THEY ARE ALL ABOUT TO BE FIRED IF THEY BREAK THEIR WORD AND VOTE AGAINST AGAIN... SO FIRED.. ALL VOTED OUT...WE MADE LIST
Mr. President you know most of us don't make a lot of money. We leave it in your capable hands to make sure that all Americans are protected
Mr. President, I am enrolled in a health care program that works. It would easily replace O/Care. However I can't explain it on twitter.
Bull shit! Just like the other two crap bills that were conjured up with no Dem input. This is NOT how any of this works.
Yup that would be just like you kill millions by removing their healthcare instead of fixing your butchering the ACA. Racist narcissist. Sad
Easy for @realDonaldTrump to say when you get free healthcare.  Millions of Americans didn't have a rich daddy like you.  Apologize
This is the most important thing to me! PLEASE REPEAL!
I hope they will. May be they can't handle the power!
Trumpcare will be a total disaster..your legacy?? Millions losing healthcare and congress wants to cut corporation taxes in half???
I guess because you republicans couldn't give a shit about who you hurt!
The federal and state employees should have same plan as the American ppl get one not better then the other
Methinks some of these RINO's won't be in office much longer. Won't keep the GOP promises about Obamacare repeal and replacement.
hard to believe that you would scame your base in such a shameful way. I guess that is what lying dumb asses do.
you don't know nor care what's in this bill...you just want ur name on it
I hope they won’t vote for it!
You will be known as the president who tried to kill 30 million of Americans. Is that MAGA?
Clickable HTML Email Signature. If you want this signature?
Details for visit-
http://bit.ly/2tFaR9j 
A fast bill full of pork from Sen. Graham of all RINO's is not a good deal Mr. President. Full repeal w/o replace is what we want.
Have you seen how this will hurt people? I thought you didn't want health care to be 'mean' please look into it
People will have to chose food or medicine healthcare or home job or taking care of a failing parent ask Chris Christie he has not lied to u
Power to the states as our founding fathers intended
No!
A YES Vote is a Vote to remove seated Politicians out in 2018 and 2020!
Agree...I also hope you fulfill your promise and NOT offer amnesty or reward people who are here illegally.
Disgusting bill just to get something passed. Heartless.  Couldn't be more disappointed in our leaders.
THANKS! DIRECT - good point made! much appreciated...
Time for universal healthcare

Laura has stage 4 cancer-she spoke out against the bill then Trump blocked her–Please retweet her video reply below. 
I hope that the fine work of #MuellerTime repeals and replaces the dumbest, most ignorant and most corrupt person ever in the WH #POtuS
Trump making the rich richer #WakeUpAndSmellTheBorscht #LockThemALLUp
