Thanks!
I'll be without health coverage as of 1/2018, thanks to you doc
The fact that you mindlessly voted along party lines instead of listening to your citizens makes you as weak, and cowardly as Trump. Disgust

Thank you for going the extra mile to repeal and replace! May you be highly favored and filled with the wisdom of God! Bless you
Your party systematically undermined the ACA. The public option should be offered for counties lacking choices.
You really are something. We're on to you smiling Republicans, you're just as vicious as Cruz and McConnell. #CassidyCareKills
You obviously don't understand how business works.  Business 101, the mote customers you have the less you can charge for your product

Cassidy-Graham, which is being sold as giving states flexibility over health spending, is actually a massive cut:  https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/8/1/16074746/cassidy-graham-obamacare-repeal …
How is dumping 16-32M off healthcare a fix?  Fixing the problems is your job.
You are the loser, thank goodness. That immoral piece of work you tried to pass made me sad that you represent La. Shameful

@LindseyGrahamSC Senators, I love the idea of shifting resources/responsibility to the states. Keep at it...and go get a @USCBO score soon!
Author an amendment that forces House and Senate to be on Obama care without the 73% subsidy that you illegally get. How about that?
He's been a major disappointment,  getting his own Louisiana Purchase Deal !
Why don't you stop trying to help it fail and instead repair, improve, and help it succeed. Do the right thing for all people.
Why are you pretending to care about your supposed Kimmel test.
Have you figured out how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Roll yet?
How about you focus on health care instead of insurance profit?
Mr. Cassidy I am one of your constituents, You worked in the Charity System, repealing instead of fixing the Afordable Care act saddens me!
https://twitter.com/anthony/status/892381102140272642 …
Now would be a good time to work on a bipartisan effort to improve ACA.
Yet you voted for legislation that also didn't pass the test. How can you be okay with that?
#CompleteRepealOfObamacare
We should have socialized medical care so when someone needs a procedure they don't have to go 2 towns over to stay in their network.
Block grants to states are a joke.its States Rights you Southerners like just a way to reduce Medicare expenditure.CONTROL COSTS
60 times you voted to repeal Obamacare under Obama not once under Trump
I want to share this with every senator and congressman.  Repeal now for all the reasons he says here.
Your "relief" ideas are bogus, and will harm so many vulnerable Americans. 
Shame on you.  We have most expensive healthcare with the worse results. Shame on you, doc
Stop threatening to do away with mandates.  Your rhetoric causing LA Humana to drop my individual coverage.  Dr you are not helping.
Thank you for working w/democrats on health, education, labor & pensions for the betterment of all US citizens.
PLEASE VOTE AGAINST the American Hope Act and continue efforts to repeal Obamacare-middle Am workers need affordable health insurance.
Keep Medicaid expansion and let Medicare and Medicaid and VA negotiate drug prices.
This is my idea you are welcome to it. Double the Medicare and Medicaid tax. Lower age eligibility for Medicare to 55
Yes. FIX the existing law and stop scaring insurers away from exchanges. That would be a damn good start!
You decided that you represent Trump and not the people of La who elected you. You keep ACA for you your family and staff but not for others
So you're for Medicare4all then I guess, because it's the only way to beat ACA in coverage, price, and do away with the individual mandate
Until proven wrong and your vote said it all.
So I don't trust you any longer. I used to when you were all nice on Kimmel's show. Good people tend to believe the best about others
How do you think yours passes?  Serious question. I will need proof. You voted for cuts to Medicaid cutting benefits to 400000 la folks
You failed the "Jimmy Kimmel Test" when you voted for repeal without replace. Please stop using Kimmel's child. Stop talking about Iowa.
You represent LA. How about working with Dems and come up with bipartisan solutions to the issues in the indv. market. Your votes=sellout
Thank you Senator Cassidy.  Well said

"Let's try to figure out where those areas of common ground exist." -@RepKinzinger on how Congress can fix health care in a bipartisan way. 

A Republican Senator steps out of the fog & up out of the gutter, admitting that the Republican party has lost its way.   @SenateGOP @GOP 

.@JeffFlake: 'If our principles were so malleable as to no longer be principles, what was the point of winning?' http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/31/my-party-is-in-denial-about-donald-trump-215442 …
Medicaid block grant scheme is a sneaky pass at killing Medicaid. Deadly 4 nursing homes, rural hospitals. #HandsOff
Watching you beat this dead horse, which would have spelled disaster for millions of Americans, is beyond tedious.
You backtracked on your standards multiple times. Defied major medical organizations and advocacy groups. Ignored experts and constituents.
I dare you to go back on @jimmykimmel and pitch a plan that still eviscerates Medicaid and hurt children.
U KNOW the probs U outlined R the fault of @GOP sabotaging implementation of the #ACA. Can be fixed bi bipartisan legislation #REGULARORDER
We need relief from you/GOP/Trump's endless quest to hurt ppl for tax cuts for the wealthy. Fix the ACA w/ bipartisanship & regular order.
Over 200,000 LA citizens would have lost coverage! Dude, you don't pass the test. What part of "work with Democrats" don't you understand?
End congressional subsidies
People are going to die while you play games with health care. How could you vote aye on repel now replace late? Are you kidding me?
Please take away healthcare from those poors and sick fools 
Block granting medicaid isn't the answer buddy
ah yes, letting a company in South Dakota sell insurance in Louisiana is obviously gonna fix all that. We're just suckers right
You sold Louisiana out by voting yes. Don't pretend you care now.
Every @GOP Senator who voted yes has betrayed their oath of office and should resign, be impeached or be recalled by their state & replaced.
Work with Democrats to fix the ACA.
Why did you vote for bills that also pass the Jimmy Kimmel test?
Do you really think we believe ur rhetoric? We know u support destroying healthcare for us but not urself, are u getting a payoff from GOP$
What do you consider "relief"
When the process is so complicated that lawmakers can't understand or explain, it's a loser.
So far your plan still does not provide decent coverage at affordable premiums
Your program doesn't do it either.  Negotiate with Dems and do real reform of ACA

He's not listening. I just received my fourth exact form letter in response to my appeals to him.
Then hit the #resetbutton! You will be surprised how swiftly the balance returns WITHOUT government interference.
Insurers pulling out of states is a perfect argument for a public option. Let consumers choose between private or public insurance.
Yes something must be done but the Repubs proposals not the answer and you know it. Denying the truth about what would work is cruel
It actually doesn't fail it where states have expanded Medicaid as prescribed by the ACA.
#SinglePayerNow
Medicaid for ALL!
And as an educated person deep down you must know Trump is a contemptible clown
Please just stop and move on as your "leader" requested. This country is in serious trouble and you're dealing w this clown?
Part 2: ...more care over better care, capping healthcare CEO pay at some high point ($5 mil p/yr.?), rewarding hospitals for efficiency.
Part 1: What about fixing #ACA, lowering healthcare costs? Negotiate lower drug prices, reform physician compensation that incentivizes...
It works  fine without GOP sabotaging it. Yes it needs tweaking. Not repeal
Please stop. The ACA works for millions of ppl. Fix the exchanges and leave the rest alone.
Toss the House and Senate bills. Copy the single-payer healthcare system of ANY other developed nation, and you will be re-elected.
FIX IT DON'T REPEAL IT! Restore cost-sharing, reinsurance; negotiate drug prices for Medicare/Medicaid; encourage practice efficiencies!
So Everything i read its the same as @SenMajLdr tried RAMMING Thru But Worse So Quit SUCKING @realDonaldTrump Off BLOWING SMOKE UP OUR ASS
Reminder: @BillCassidy promised "no one will lose their coverage." @CenterOnBudget analysis: https://www.cbpp.org/research/health/cassidy-graham-amendment-would-cut-hundreds-of-billions-from-coverage-programs-cause … #lasen
Rubio rule killing it. Pay up we have to when our contracts put in too. Yours is the walk of lies...
What is wrong with the ACA other than Dems support it? If u want to fix it, expand Medicare for everyone. Take profit out of health care
You don't pass the smell test
President Obama said it was simply a starting place. Continue what he started and make it work better for those who have been impacted.
Just address the known issues and then address Pharma and hospital pricing. #quitwiththebullshit
Yes something must be done. That something is the public option.
You're insufferable.
You know what failed the #KimmelTest ?  That bill you voted yes on after standing on TV saying you wouldn't without assurances
Obamacare is not about healthcare it is about giving taxpayer $ to Ins Co & they donate to your reelection run Its called money laundering
Repeal!!!
That the ACA has problems is not an excuse for a replacement that is worse.
A suggestion, focus on policy oriented towards reducing costs/improving care in super-utilizers, particularly those with chronic conditions
At this point in time only option you have is to work w/ ACA law and make it work the best you can. Put your thinking hat on and fix thanks
Fed up with all Congress lies the wud repeal. Replace Shud be to statea for their own Medicaid needs. Cruz lowers cost your plans are WRONG
We don't care about Kimmel test to HELL WITH ALL You guys YOU LIED. MY care should not be on what Medicaid expansion it's not my fault
The problem is that you should not repeal before you replace, and the actual bill is totally 'unfit'. You should review MY June letter to U.
Fix health care don't destroy it. Use regular order like @SenJohnMcCain asked you too.
Actually people say: FIX the affordable care act. Stop trying to start from scratch. It won't work.
Was just about to write this exact thing...
We don't give a damn about him he has millions we dont
You are a failure
Govt controlled health care is the failure, which you're a part off
Your constituents KNOW that the ACA was never fully implemented due to GOP obstructionism. You should be working to improve, not replace.
Yo fam, nobody likes the individual mandate. That's why we need universal coverage
You lied to @jimmykimmel.
Then give the USA a good health plan. Republicans have been talking about this for YEARS, yet never formulating a good plan.
“What if @SenateGOP had started with ‘how can we help people?’ instead of ‘how can we repeal our enemy’s legacy?’”
We keep saying that, but their marching orders from Koch's was to get that $865 billion from health care and give it to them and the rich!
That failure is 100% yours, & your GOP colleague's. You PROVED you aren't capable of doing the job you're getting paid for.
FACT: #Obamacare is only 'exploding' in red states where @GOP governors have successfully sabotaged the program http://fw.to/ajtmW6i  #ACA
In the States that accepted Medicaid expansion and did not have GOP sabotage it, the rates have been quite stable.
Which you should know since Louisiana is one of them
Wow you can walk and lie at the same time!
SNORE!  sick of hearing about same plan shuffled differently.  Boring version of Groundhog Day. How about one that IMPROVES health care?
Why lie @BillCassidy? ACA increases coverage by millions, protects pre-ex conditions, and bans benefit caps. Graham-Cassidy does OPPOSITE!
#repeal

Republican Sen. Susan Collins just rejected her party’s premise that the ACA can’t be reformed http://bit.ly/2tU2c40  

There should not be a repeal of a program that benefits our #Veterans 
We owe them our #freedom
#VeteransResist 
…

19 counties in Ohio once thought to be bare have been covered.
Now 19 counties in US (0.1% of enrollees) are at risk https://kaiserfamilyfoundation.wordpress.com/interactive/counties-at-risk-of-having-no-insurer-on-the-marketplace-exchange-in-2018/?preview_id=222123&preview_nonce=9cf205324c&_thumbnail_id=-1&preview=true … 

Trump sabotage of ACA is back in the news.

This must be seen for what it is:…

Senator Hirono's emotional final plea against WealthCare didnt get much recognition. Sharing it with you. 
You fail the kimmel test
It's good he has such good healthcare for that burn.
Then fix the flaws of a law that has helped MILLIONS OF PEOPLE!  Your rhetoric is part of the problem.
If it'"s co0l , i""d like to start by working in either your office or the treasury department
Then work together to improve. Any repeal fails Kimmel test. Pathetic. Stop with talking points and DO YOUR JOB for Americans not Ins Cos
Relief in the form of bills that take away insurance from tens of millions, prices out the sick and elderly, and has sky-high deductibles?
so does your bill. Work in the regular order.
