The Constitution didn't say Arkansas had to integrate their schools. Was the federal government wrong to force them?
Single payer by the state, not the Feds. Medicaid not Medicare. The Feds can't run anything effectively.
even further...gov get out completely!  No win sit.,  let priv bus run... compet to be the barometer!
For medicaid, I agree but the state line restrictions must come down for affordable insurance.
it's interstate commerce bro
freedom to live seems reasonable to me. We need to shift focus 2 our poor &old. Federal Gov must help us! Its ur job!
get much better health care system and former president Obama health care is so horrible and no good to at all
Other questions. Why does the Fed gov control state lands? Why does Fed gov control schools? Why do they tax states & use $$ to control?
If LA is allowed to choose, insurance will be eliminated. Sad that LA already ranks dead last as a place to live
.@FoxNews @BillCassidy Isn't that one of the #republican tenets (that a patchwork of state laws makes it more expensive for Insurance Cos?)
Agreed, but I don't want #Fed or #State in my healthcare!
You're either very healthy -- which is great -- or you're really, really naive.
Why is that naive? States retain the power, but nothing wrong with wanting to make ur own healthcare decisions
Get serious. Soon enough, your rapacious insurance company will resume making you decisions.
Because those things that we want the feds to tell the sates have to deal with freedom, duh. Are you really that daft?
you need to read his whole statement before you tweet.  It makes you look daft
Why is the Gov't in spying business against innocent citizens?? That's a better question?
that would be obama. Good riddance to bad rubbish. Thank God we're done with that.
Bcz they have gotten away with it for so long the Fed gov thinks it's the norm. That Fed gov has control over states.
great!  We will keep all our NY $$ at home!  Take care of yourselves Alabama & Mississippi
Hmmm... So why does the federal gov't try 2 regulate womens healthcare decisions when that is not in the constitution?
Given that logic, states don't need U.S. Senators.  This guy is going to influence my health care?  I need a drink.
Gov is no longer telling us. But Trump has to unscrew the screwups Obama created. Soon be under the Peoples choice.
And theres no rich Dems? Its a straight 10thA issue.  Fed govt. has zero authority.
So where in the Constitution does it say that the feds should control ONLY women's reproduction, not other healthcare?
now we are talking, 
Louisiana is statistically and historically the worst state for healthcare and... education.
Are you a Louisiana resident? Can't tell from your incompete, egg profile. @NorcalLiberal @FoxNews @BillCassidy
kinda like Obamacare!
Despite Republican Congress's sabotage, Obamacare insured more people. #TrumpCare will kick millions off.
insuring someone does not guarantee care! If you can't afford the care part, the coverage part is useless.
We remember when Gov Swindal refused everyone healthcare including hospice care until we told him NO!   4 U - Vote NO!
none of them can read. They are allergic to the law, anyway
you must not live in louisiana.  If you did would you allow state ranked #50 to make healthcare decisions?
and, of course, we will keep our NY money out of Louisiana
the ppl should b telling states what to do. Legitimately
Cleveland's mayor is a complete idiot so is our governor look at all Cleveland's crime feds please take over
I think you misread intent. The states should be making those type of decisions. A republic puts most power in states.
inmate letters pouring in about the ongoing abuse at Vaughn correctional. No medical attention. Have proof
you act like no president has used executive orders to override state power. Stop being 
If he really believed that he would be talking to the @LouisianaGov about it.
You mean like telling them marijuana is illegal? Where is that in the Constitution?
@hunterHHS @BillCassidy Could be deadly for some states. We are the UNITED States of America...not 50 separate nations.
states can't handle the Medicaid burden on their own. Industrial areas have high levels of need.
I agree
That would be what is about to happen, power back to the people,and their state. Socialist healthcare out of here.
I'm probably ignorant but where in the constitution US or state, does it make healthcare a right at all
OK, the 1st Ammendment says church & state must be separate, What's your answer to that Mr Bill?
: Confederate much ?
Exactly
bingo!
Sure CassidyBut see double standard.Then FederalMoneyshould notbeGiven toStates that need Fema,Ports Etc.Their Problem
Trumpcare is still government run and everything the @GOP slammed ACA for. #hypocrites.
Sweetie, you pick & choose what you want to control based on ideology. You don't work logically or in our interest.
When liberalism and communism is allowed to run rampant in a State then the Federal Government must stop it .
Agree but at the same time, if it fails, you shouldn't get federal dollars to fix it...Self-responsibility.
Is that one of them there rhetorical questions Bill? Tell us, why does the federal government dictate to the states?
right on, this issue should be solved by individual states. Not gut less gop
agreed legalize marijuana
Indeed they should and the Federal Government should bug out.
cause it's no longer 1776
EXACTLY. Y is that, @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr? Y do u2 ignore & subvert const? Or constituents' will, 4 that matter?
too Constitutional for today's America to comprehend
This debate began in the 1790s. Even Madison first argued that the Constitution required flexibility. Read a book, @BillCassidy
Because the epic case study of Lincoln v Davis says otherwise.
Read the preamble of the constitution. Why do politicians skip that part?
The new health care bill gives a 500k tax cut to health insurance ceo's. Repubs would sell their 1st born for $$$$$$$$
Who authorized the feds to "help" those who cannot afford health insurance? I can't afford a new car. Will gov't help?
will you die without a car? Could not having a car lead to personal bankruptcy?
Don't u have something 2 do like help POTUS run the country or r u ready to quit & go  and let someone else have a go
Perhaps they are NOT listening to the people? Take another poll. NOTTA
Too many people have no idea how the Constitution works or why States rights are important.
Fair point.  How does this bill accomplish the goal of moving health ins regulation to states?
How would that work in Dem States that get 90% of their med funding from Fed? I say #Repeal first fix as we go. #MAGA
Ever thought of a national healthcare service like the UK we love it search for #NHS you won't find 1...
for a month americans been uniting 2 make sure it will never b a democratic president again! u said trump wouldnt win!
Get govt out of healthcare.Stop incremental socialism. Tweak a free market healthcare system, don't "create" something
Because we have a history of Acts and Amendments that recognize human rights as a national issue of protection.
Bill, u might want 2rethink that statement.Theres lots of areas the GOP wants 2legislate that arnt in the Constitution
remove commerce clause for health insurers. Make that pool bigger.
Right.  Oh, unless its about allowing it's citizens and small businesses to sue big companies, then tell away.
True.
What I see here is a Frankenstein-like surgery to put a capitalist brain in socialist body, w/libertarian kidney. WTF?
new plan is very bad for legit medicaid users, seniors, low income..awful.UNHAPPY TRUMP SUPPORTER! disgusting
But Trumps Health Insurance ceo buddies get a 500k tax break.
I'll go you one better. Health Care is not a Right. It's a product. A choice. Government should not be involved in it.
Well, the DOI considers "life" to be an unalienable right.  Basic lifesaving medical care=life.
nope, healthcare is provided as a service. You have no "right" to Drs. Life is from God.
GOP, the party of neo-liberalism.
Because we have federal laws a state laws did you not take civics in school
Healthcare is a national issue and federal money is involved
I agree. States should also be allowed to legalize marijuana and control abortion rights.
Actually doctors and patients should be the only ones making decisions about healthcare get ALL govt out of healthcare
So you would like to do away with Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP? Lift all regulations on ins comps?
huh. Well, I ask you the same question wrt abortion and marijuana. I'll wait.
the constitution is so old, needs updating
because some states make bad decisions and need a little of a point of a finger to show the way.
@ShepNewsTeam just got embarrassed when he tried to paint LA as anti Trump! #firesnarkyshep
*except abortion and marijuana legalization, in which case the GOP loves big government.
Then Fed needs to stop collecting all that tax money. Think they will give a penny back?Not on your life, literally!
what did HUSSEIN do with my money?
becareful senator, logical and correct talking like that will get you banished from congress.
Actually, his history is quite wrong.
because they are corrupt and power hungry trying to stuff the pockets of their lobbyists
that's an interesting take from the party who wants to criminalize marijuana and defund @PPact
marijuana is already criminalized and PP is an abortion factory, your point is invalid.
his grin looks like the cat in Alice in wonderland
I like how you think.!
agreed.
