Single payer now
DO NO HARM!!! Stop this insanity
Failure? You mean the undermining of ACA.
3 steps to fix:
1) enforce mandate
2) encourage sign ups
3) serious cost cuts
#HealthCareDebate
My condolences.

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
You belong in Jail! Stop trying to kill millions of Americans! It's clear you hate the American people. Resign Now! #SaveACA #GrahamCasiddy
@BillCassidy responds to critics at the debate:
How about addressing your failures as a human being?
If you cared about the American people, you would work with Dems to FIX the ACA.
NO U & #GOP R THE GDDAMN FAILURES! U R AIMING TO SCREW PATIENTS OUT OF HEALTHCARE!!!
You have no credibility #LyingLittleCreep
Your path forward is a long walk off a short pier
Great. Now make a real plan to fix the problems and NOT destroy the entire system.
Are you debating the failures of bill #killcare ? Fix ACA instead of chasing your own political gain at the expense of our lives.
Now it's time to start working with the Dems to fix healthcare. It's not politics - it's people. Work together!
So, you will be addressing the blatant sabotage. Great! ... wait, you weren't serious were You?
You spelled, "Giving Kochs a tax break and taking healthcare away from 30+M" wrong
Everything that comes out of your mouth ...
Why is it that Republicans believe there is never time to debate gun violence and endless wars; yet infinite time to debate social services?
who cuts your hair ...? get help before next election ...
wizened grey porcupine look is not flattering...
Your bill sucks dick
hahahahhahaahhaahahah u will be a MEME 4 SHAME...
20 likes. Bro. Keep trying. Come back when you got something better.
The individual market is only 7% insured. Medicaid is the largest provider. U want 2 disrupt the many 2 benefit the few


ANOTHER EPISODE OF LYING LIARS WHO LIE.   MY FAVORITE.
the right path for success for Obamacare is for you to get out of the way and let it work in the states that are letting it work
I like it it's working
You just lied about planned parenthood.  Why can't you tell the truth,  Senator?
Does the bill give health care funds directly to States to develop their own health care systems?  Don't give $$$$ to Louisiana to spend!!
Well it's certainly not the #GrahamCassidyBill
I have talked with people from Canada. Have u? You ate being paid off
I think you need to prove that a couple has an insurance policy that costs them $39K a year AND a $6K deductible...if you can't - stop lying
You have no clue.
Do no harm.......
No pre-existing conditions or lifetime limits. Don't hide behind putting it on the states. We deserve better.  #jimmykimmeltest
IT'S EXORBITANT, NOT "EXORBIANT" & YOU FAILED TO EFFECTIVELY ANSWER KEVIN POTTER'S QUESTION!! #HealthCareDebate
Shut up already. Our BS detectors are beeping nonstop every time you talk.
Aaron's Father: How can your bill guarantee my daughter gets affordable coverage?

Cassidy: *doesn't answer the question at all*
And you clearly don't have a clue
No cares no ones watching your bill is DEAD
It's time to in force term limits. Please let elect better politician
Why are you fighting for a bill that EVERYONE in the medical industry HATES!
#GrahamCassidy is bad for America.
For money. The answer is for money. What do I win?
If in some misguided way you think you are helping, please consider the many MDs, RNs, Insurance Agcys, Hospitals who DISAGREE
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
Obamacare looks very here to stay! It is time you work with Dems to make our existing system better.
Put a sock in it.
Address the successes of Obamacare at the same time for comparison. Aren’t you a doctor or something?
Don't stop . Rand Paul flipped last time and could again. CALL CALL CALL until McConnell publicly declares this dead or Oct 1 arrives
Don't forget to mention how your bill
will cause Sweet Sophia to DIE.
They just took #SweetSophia back for her 22nd surgery.I'm sharing this experience so ppl understand & will fight w/ us to #ProtectOurCare 
Lying already?!
Wake up we don’t and won’t have control of@our healthcare. Insurance companies dictate our direction. We need some mandates from fed not st
Are you blind? The power is with the insurance companies. #singlepayernow
Resign
Like the senator really knows or cares about the people. Over a trillion cut from Medicare is a death sentence for multitudes of pp.
Tell everyone about t law you're trying to pass making it a FELONY crime for Americans to peacefully protest & boycott #Apartheid #israel.
Just stop quit while you’re behind, try to save face
FU.
Nope. Traitor.
