Your current Graham-Cassidy-Heller plan KILLS people ! Need for Medicaid grows in Recession - no more $, so people DIE. All for tax cuts.
#FixACA
Bill, you're a little crazy...
Why is it so important for u to rush a repeal instead of doing the right thing with bipartisan repair. What are you getting out of this?
Big campaign donors are putting pressure on Rs to get healthcare done. They are pulling $$ until it happens.
I hope Cassidy loses $. I will adamantly campaign against him in next election as he has not represented our state, he represents the GOP$.
Good luck to you, I'm not a constituent of his, working hard to get my own useless GOP house member OUT, and keeping our 2 D Senators in.
Go to Regular Order, create a plan that can get 25 Democratic votes. Shoring up exchanges Priority #1. Increase HSA for R base.
IF you are aren't going to advocate #singlepayer, at least advocate price transparency.
Perhaps another way to phrase this is #VAforAll, to provide a baseline service. @ABaczk was thinking about this & it's got merit
A completely partisan path! Give up already. This is BS and if you can't work with the democrats to IMPROVE ACA please stop the BS!!
Your job is to work with the senate an behalf of all your constituents not the administration. You are the check to WH power not its puppet
Sorry Bill. @IndivisibleTeam had it right. You should head home and talk to constituents to hear their needs. @realDonaldTrump knows nothing
So thankful you are from Louisiana! I believe you will stun many when this passes!
Not unless it is an open process as it should be
Please fix the ACA. 75% of Americans want this. No one wants a GOP bill in any form. Fix what's there.
Single payer is the only way!
Unless you're expanding healthcare to cover more Louisianans, please just stop. We have real problems in our state that need to be addressed
Please not single payer you all can find a way if you really try no special interests
#CleanRepeal it's what we were promised  End Congressional subsidies  @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs @SenJohnKennedy
the answer is NOT at the WH. Trump wants a "deal, any deal".  The country needs/wants healthcare. Talk to the People.
really impressive  DR. makes us feel so safe and secure... NOT!!!!i am in remission from stage III cancer.  how much is a life worth....
Need a replacement plan?  Got ya covered: http://Changehealth.today  creates universal access to quality affordable healthcare. #done
Just freakin repeal the . They'll all come to the table than.
How about bi partisan?
You have tried 3 times all have failed, your own party will not support Trump who has no idea what to even support. SO much loosing
Why don't you work with a bipartisan group, why does it have to be rep only you will get something fast if you work together.
So ashamed that you represent the great State of Louisiana.  Why do you want to bankrupt me? I work, I was hospitalized, I need insurance.
Nowhere in the Constitution does it mention health ins.
Full repeal get government out of healthcare
Repeal...
With your recent healthcare voting history, who could trust any path forward.
This time, put your constituents first by remembering your #DoNoHarm promise.
Bipartisan support!
Thats not who you should be working with. Try Bipartisan knowledge base. WH has nothing but lies and fraudulent numbers. Shame on you.
we hope you will #SayDyslexia
This president is a lunatic!  Nero incarnate
Graham Cassidy block grants and no mandate while keeping pre existing conditions coverage?    I can't see this being feasible.  #keepACA
Don't talk to @POTUS. He's an airhead. Work with dems to fix the ACA!
Get it DONE, or u will be OUT!
Talk to your constituency - that's who you owe your Allegiance to not DJT.
Tweak ACA, change the name. 45 is so stupid he will sign anything just to say he got something done. He will never know the difference.
He thinks health insurance is $12/yr. What are you going to learn from discussing with him?
Fix the ACA - don't repeal it!
#DeathByGOP
You should head home to hear what your constituents have to say, you work on heath care is a disaster
Hey stop it please
Wrong place to go.  Stay in Senate Chambers and work #bipartisan to #FixACA. So simple.  The impression you are smart seems overblown.
Repeal OCare subsidies for Congress. That will get things going. Maybe even et Dems attention
Go to regular order. Seriously, who is more likely to be right? Hero John McCain or buffoon Trump?
If we would offer the same healthcare as congress you would get a lot of yes votes.
Working to take it away? We watched walk up and vote yes...
Sell out
@stephgracela @politico universal coverage
Stop! Every version of your stupid Trumpcare hurts kids w/ disabilities. Here's how it hurts us here in VA: https://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/kaine-releases-report-on-how-medicaid-cuts-in-trumpcare-and-trump-budget-would-harm-virginia-public-schools …
No. Just. No. @realDonaldTrump @SecPriceMD @GOP @SenJohnMcCain  #SaveMedicaid #preexisting #StopIt #nolifetimecaps

Why are u writing another repeal? Stopping expansion $ to use block grants. Will be harmful. Sit down with a bipartisan group & do a repair
If you get rid of the mandates, HC companies will flee the marketplace since healthy will choose not to have HC. Premiums up 20% Mils w/o HC
Remember. Your constituents, including me, want healthcare. Not health insurance!
Also: REGULAR ORDER!
Yes. Gosh. Yes.
Sir, will your plan protect basic services such as mental health parity, women's health, no lifetime caps, Medicaid expansion...?
see impact of this proposal from @CenterOnBudget
https://theredshtick.com/2017/07/31/guest-column-idiot-came-kimmel-test-sen-bill-cassidy/ …
Bill keeps trying 2 kill Medicaid, nursing homes & rural hospitals w/ his trumped up block grant scheme. Learn more:
I had faith in you. You told everyone on national tv that you would make sure the Jimmy Kimmel Test wld be 4 everyone. You LIED. NO RE-ELECT
While #ObamaCare needs fixes, it sure would be nice to see this administration actually work on other priorities.
No. We want you to work BIPARTISAN like you do on FLOOD. why are you linking to T who is going down??

If you aren't paying attention, T throws everyone under bus except PUTIN.  You're being used so he gets win. U lose!
I send this to everyone. Wrote it last year. Last week I sent it to @Reince. Now your turn, @Scaramucci!  
Mr Cassidy introduce a bill that would force all of congress to have to purchase healthcare from Obamacare maybe that would get repeal

.@POTUS' refusal to make payments is driving uncertainty in healthcare markets, raising rates. It's the #TrumpPremiumTax. 
You are writing your opponents' campaign ads against you every day.
You will be fired ASAP.

