Your bill was a catastrophe and an embarrassment. Stop it.
What about the proposal to limit 401K contributions? I hope you will not support that measure.
I voted for you to repeal ACA. You have a chance and show your true colors. I'm sure to expect elctn again. NOT!
I want the medical coverage I pay for you to have

You still trying to screw the people. Are you sadistic or just a evil person? Bet you voted to cut 1.5 trillion out of Medicare-Medicaid.
Do you consider your part in drafting and promoting the Graham/Cassidy bill a violation of the hippocratic oath?
You obviously haven't been listening to the country. They want long term stability-not your bill which eliminates HC access. Wake up!
You are a fraud.
GCHJ was not a solution and never will be one!
Your divisive politics have screwed healthcare.  I'm 63 and losing my insurance at the end of this year because of you. SHAME ON YOU.
what we need is the bipartisan plan from Murphy/Alexander to stabilize the insurance market!
You need that, because you’re a rich, corrupt politician. Actual working Americans need what these people have had for many years.
Well, w/ GCHJ you are helping to lay the groundwork for a long-term solution; making sure you never go back to DC after 2020. Good for you
People like you should have their medical licenses pulled.
GCHJ is a smoke-and-mirrors block grant scheme designed to kill Medicaid & pre-ex protections, punish ppl over 50.
Glad to hear you are on board with Mr. Alexander’s bill.
No GCHJ. No. Can you please stop trying to force a bad, unwanted bill on the American people? Just stop it.
 looking who would be awesome to take your seat! Can’t wait to get someone who cares about Louisiana!
The Donny's Hyperbole is catching.
You need to look your mega-donors in the face and let them know "repeal and replace" (or a facsimile) is over.  #citizensfirst
Graham and Cassidy are seeking changes to A-M. Getting help from Johnson and WH for ideas.
Important to watch Dems here. Will alterations cost D votes?
Who cares about Dems?
Why does every single medical organization say that GCHJ does the opposite of that then?
You’re trying to replace Trumpcare with state block grants. You have far too much trust in state govts.
GIVE IT UP. YOU LOST. Tell your donors we said to piss off.
@BillCassidy,  self-serving senators like you need to resign, make room for people who care about bettering the country NOT themselves!
The only true remedy is to fix ACA for the short term & transition to #UniversalHealthCare Let ins co's compete w/Geico for car insurance
Sounds like you're ditching your fix for healthcare and pivoting towards taxes. PATHETIC!
GCHJ was worked up on the back of a napkin. Plz let it die and let's move forward.
Lol, you tried it
This is the people's insurance, not yours.  Americans need consumer protections..I mean real ones, not make-believe ones.
When more doctors are opening cash only co-ops, it ought to be a clear message govt intervention is wrong course to take
best way to stabilize the market is to cease all repeal efforts. the biggest disruption in the market is republican party. #NOLA
It's called a #CleanRepeal like we were promised!
GCHJ was the absolute worst of the what was it, 4,5,6(???) @GOP attempts at healthcare bill aka RepealOCareBill. Worst of those sayin a lot!
Yes, stabilize insurance mkts and please no more Graham Cassidy.  Americans need the protections of the ACA.
Get over it- there just may be a bipartisan option that doesn’t have your name on it
So, you want to stabilize the market .... and then blow them up? GCHJ is a bomb and you know it.
No. No. No. Your bill was bad policy. Do better.
Sell it anyway you have to
Agreed.  We back your proposal of Medicare for all!   Single payer is the way to go.  Thank you for supporting sensible healthcare reform!
Long term solution like singlepayer... that’s what people want. Listen to your voters.
He's too self serving for that. He can only think of what he can do for he and his family!
Getting govt our of the health care business is a great start
GCHJ was a dumpster fire guaranteed to cause 20-30 million Americans, like my daughter, to lose health insurance. You can do better.
Ugh. Why do you GOP politicians keep pushing this nonsense that us voters keep saying we don't want? You know you work for us, right?
We don't want GCHJ!  Quit trying to make GCHJ happen!
Your plan was a real piece of crap that guts medicaid and funding in states that didn't vote GOP
Fuck you and your GCHJ block grants, you stupid fucking douchebag apologist who is too dumb to tell hyperbole from a big fat stinking lie.
No with a capital N!!!
Got to say your planned sucked then and still sucks
“... the *Alexander-Murray plan” There, helped corrected that for you.
You’re bill was horrid
Support Alexander-Murray!
Senator, thank you for cosponsoring Alexander-Murray but please continue w/ bipartisan efforts. That's what constituents want. Not GCHJ.
No we want FULL REPEAL!
You, sir, are delusional.
Stay out of the healthcare legislation, your a failure at it no need to get invloved with you total BS packages thinking it will help.
"Pres. Obama was born in Kenya,"..LIE NOT hyperbole. Lots more. (Sigh) embarrassed you r my Sen.
Dude stop...just stop it!
ur proof that drs are fallible
Support #AlexanderMurray now, Senator!
Not!
GCHJ was voted down in 2017. Ppl want Congress to fix the ACA and stop efforts to upend their H/C.Ppl will continue to fight to keep the ACA
Lots of hyperbole today, wouldn’t you say?
You are an embarrassment to the office and I can't wait to vote for your next opponent! Pathetic on #MorningJoe just don't speak, please!
Your own Governor disagrees with you
Any changes Sen. Cassidy makes will be *BAD* for most working people in Louisiana. He has demonstrated that our health is not his concern.
No.. Bad
I still remember the grahamcassidy bill. Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
You’ve really lost your mind. Yes to stabilizing markets now but a big HELL NO to GCHJ at any point.
GC is total horse . Scrap it and work on doing the needed fixes to the ACA.
We had that package until the GOP put 180 different "incentives" in the ACA that created loopholes for Big Pharma and Insurance Companies
When is Trump's Audit over? How about that report on election hacking Trump promised in 90 days? Not lies, guess just hyperbole?
Yes, you will. I hope you will support the Alexander/Murray bill and persuade your GOP colleagues to do the same to avert catastrophe.
U need to begin impeachment proceedings immediately.
Con Man Trump LIES are now hyperbole in Bill Cassidy's reality. Yes, true profile in courage by Cassidy.
