#voteNO
You left out the moment when the govt or courts say there is no reason to spend anymore $ on saving their life.
#CharlieGard
It would be cruel to continue Charlie's suffering. He had a incurable and terminal illness. Does that not happen in the U.S? #charliegard
Our govt can't even balance a budget and the stupidy of people who will put them in charge of health care is frightening.
I can't really comment about American politics as I don't know much about it. Just so sad how Trump is using a sick child as an agenda
Trump didn't. I did.
Trump should worry about the sick kids in his own country without worrying about ours.
You are a sell out now time to repeal and replace you vote him out
Not alternative- work out the issues that it has!!! Work to fix it !  Be a player!
see @CenterOnBudget analysis of deep cuts in this bill:
BS. Not a conservative. You lied to us all. Where in the Constitution does it say the govt can force us to buy a product Senator?
But he wants to stop more health ins choices for your state.  Why?
An updated Obamacare map — with new OH entrants, we’re down to 19 counties with zero carriers. Mostly in NV, a few in IN. 
Trump threatening and blackmailing people should not be ignored.
All GOP. No Dems? More half-baked BS - after 7 squandered years. Bipartisan is the only way forward. But that's too logical for you.
Since when did people come to the conclusion that a govt run HC program is smart? They can't even balance a budget!
Enjoy losing your seat if you pass a repeal to the ACA. People who matter are watching and you won't have a job soon if you pass this.
These morons are the ones without jobs! show me your premium payments for the last 7 years!
What a collosal waste of time. Make no mistake, @SenDeanHeller is a #TrumpRepublican through and through. This is his legacy.
Way to go, Dean. 
You are working really hard NOT to get re-elected next year
Heller says "We Know Governors are Corrupted like: MI Synder, TX Abbot, FL Scott, NJ Christie, but they Will care about your healthcare"
Too bad you let the American people down. No remotes for you
You voted for "Skinny Repeal". Thank heavens for John McCain being brave once yet again and voting no. You sir, have lost my vote!!
The medicaid expansion has helped. One med had a $100 copay. Because it's necessary, I get it for free. I need it to work. Please keep it!
start doing it...time is running out.
And here it is.  Won't help Nevada.
LOL Heller has now signed onto this stinking pile, which guts Medicaid. cc: @RalstonReports https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/889568265403551744 …
Heres Wht u Voted 4 Of Course thats only their States So if u were Willing 2 KILL and wld of IMMEDIATELY Took ppl off Why Shd Any1 BELIEVE U
single payer. medicare for all
Heller says "SO WHAT if MANY governors are Corrupt,  MI Synder,  FL Rick Scott,  NJ Chris Christie, TX Abott trust them With healthcare"
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891726808026144772 …
JACKY ROSEN FOR SENATE IN 2018!! REPEAL & REPLACE DEAN "THE SLEAZE" HELLER!!
REPEAL & REPLACE DEAN "THE SLEAZE" HELLER!!
doesn't sound very bipartisan to me.
Hey, here's an idea....try a bipartisan approach! Dems don't have cooties.
Stay out of our lives our business and our healthcare!
Graham, you of all people know that Trump is unstable too. Start acting like the Senate is another branch of our govt. Redirect him.
Heller & Cassidy, you both seemed so strong & courageous until you let unstable Trump get to u. That's the saddest part. Stand up like men.
You're a traitor!
I wish you had to pay premiums like hard working Americans have to!

Full Repeal is what we were promised. Keep your word! #FullRepeal
Vote OUT @SenDeanHeller
Just WASTING TAX PAYERS $$$$
Quit messing with repeal! Just work with Dems and FIX the shortfalls in the EXISTING ACA. We will fight you in any repeal effort.
Loyal Republicans are very disappointed that you can't seem to keep your promise of #FullRepeal. FIX IT!! #FightForLiberty
The quality of people's health care should not depend on which state they live in!
States don't have the resources for this!
Why did you allow DT to threaten you into "joining?"
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891481635610398720 …
You are a trader! Nevada will remember!
Your Career is over because you lied.
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED ONLY! NO trumpcare! #FightForLiberty!
Stand strong, dont sell us out. Thank you.
It is high time you #KeepThePromise #FullRepeal #FightForLiberty Get on with it or get out of the way.
You let America down. Enjoy the remainder of your final term.
#FullRepeal Nothing more to say
Why should we believe you? You voted 2 cut off 16 million Americans from Health Care; without a plan.  I'm listening 2 my neighbors, r u?
I wouldn't call anything you & Lindsey Graham are doing on healthcare conservative.
You are a joke! Congrats to your billionaire overlords on their purchases of three senators!  Thomas Jefferson would be so proud.
#skinnybill #epicfail #sellouts #notruth #shame #NVshame #weak #dontcareaboutmiddle/lowerclass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHRfI9MzaZI … - Why they want to repeal so badly. And its about money, for the 1%.
UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE OR KEEP THE ACA. Do right by us.
@SenDeanHeller Buh Bye in 2018!You caved and you will lose your seat. You did not stand up for the people but caved under pressure and money
Let's see if you and loser Graham cave to the Dems like John McCain did. I DO NOT want a government run health care system!
You blew it.  Absolutely blew it.  You had the chance to do what was right and stand up against Trump.  You. Blew. It.
Literally signed up for twitter to let u know that what u did to NV is evil & I am now dedicated to making sure u lose your job! #hypocrite
You let your state down. I guess it's a win for Steve Wynn, but you made a terrible choice. #nospine
Looked like you cooked your goose, Mr. Heller. You chose politics over your people.  Shame! Not looking good for you in 2018.
Ha - Dean Heller you have the spine of a fish. Shameful politics. I hear The Mirage is hiring Craps dealers. #hopeyouenjoyeddc
I won't forget.  https://twitter.com/scjr14312/status/891000998612914176 …
Ur all screwed--especially u, Heller--for ur votes for #TrumpNoCare . Go home; bye bye now!
you voted several times to take away 100,000s of your own constituents' health insrnce leaving no ability to ever see a doc again 
Y'all are sad excuses for men
We know you turned on all Nevadans by voting yes on the "Skinny Repeal". We will not forget! No Turtle money will save you!
Heller Voted YES on Skinny Bill and 2 KILL MILLIONS, MANY IN HIS STATE. HELLER'S YES VOTE WILL NOT BE FORGOTTEN
If it allows me to buy or not buy any insurance I want and allows insurance companies to sell any insurance they want then I like it.

you're toast, bud. good luck getting reelected
millions of Americans are living in poverty and don't have organic foods in there diet, the health of Americans start with eating right!!
But u didn't propose a workable alternative to the ACA. All you did was sell your soul & put party above country & constituents. #RepairACA
Let's wait for next election,  Mr. Heller you don't work for the interests of Nevadans.
You betrayed your promise on Obama Care.  We won't forget!!!
Thank goodness the skinny repeal failed, no thanks to you!
When are you up for reelection? Asking for 370,000 friends.
Well, if you passed "skinny repeal" that would go to conference and become straight repeal. Why would you do that? #worsethanevilvillains
Improperly used insurance plays 1 group off against another 4 shareholder "value" (aka profits) destroys human lives for $ u caved for cash
how big and #strong of you. out of office in 2018
And yet you voted for "the Skinny bill." I guess you aren't able or willing to stand up for your constituents.  Bullying works on you. Sad.
Caving in to the bully put millions at risk. You now have to face angry constituents. You owe them an impeachment for starters!  Hop to it!
No one cares abt or will remember the Caddy tax. 
What we'll remember is that  u TRIED TO TAKE HEALTH INS. FROM MILLONS. Pack your bags, boy
You're NOT a conservative. Repubs will primary you in 2018. Start looking for another job.
You've got nothing
Very disappointed U voted for skinny repeal. Sign on with Dr. Cassidy, he might have a clue. Great healthcare for ALL Nevadans!
Senator, after seeing how you voted last night, you lost my vote. I will work hard to see to it that you are not re-elected. Sell out!
NO NO NO. JUST FIX IT DAMMIT
Can't believe you Voted for Skinny HC!!
Hope ur ready to stop feeding from the Public Trough!!
Don't sign any long term leases on any apartments in DC.
This vote has put you all in trouble. Irresponsible governance.  2018 is near.
You voted yes on the skinny repeal bill.  You were not sent to DC to be a coward.  Hold Trump to his campaign promises.
YOU CANT B TRUSTED~with your thug repuber friends your pro repuber. Back in NV~you love the people~WHAT COMES OUT OF YOUR MOUTH IS FAKE NEWS
You've lost trust with me. WITH the rest of your thug friends you fuckin punk out ~ team repuber. You get back to NV~pro NV~ your FAKE
Simply put... you lost my vote forever Heller.  Healthcare is a right, not a privilege for the entitled, the poor left to rot.  BYE HELLER!

How'd that work out for you? You can't do it because your party has a compassion problem. You only feel for millionaires.
Your time is better spent looking for new jobs, Dean.... You lied, you failed, and now you leave.
Dean, you're fucking finished.
Well, 2018 is going to be fun to watch.
U ran scared & ur vote will be remembered. 4 a brief moment we thought u were a man of integrity & honor & a man of the people. Despicable!
see ya see ya wouldn't want to be ya!
Insurance was affordable with more choice before ocare
It's noted that you delayed your vote until you saw McCain vote 'nay'.
Always thought you looked like a little POS.
Collins, Murkowski and McCain voted NO. Heller & Capito took their 30 pieces of silver from McConnell and abandoned their constituents again
You failed and voted yes. It will be remembered come voting time. You can be sur of that
Please work with entire membership of senate!!!
You voted for McConnell's "mystery meat" bill without knowing what's in it. Your constituents won't soon forget when it's their turn to vote
I'm pretty sure with the help of VPOTUS things could get done and Americans don't have to suffer from Obamacare
God... did all 3 vote yes?!
Thanks for NOTHING Heller. You are toast Nov 2018
Thanks for letting us down Dean. We won't forget.
Your ship is sinking Dean-o - your voters will remember just what a coward you've been through this and return you to the private sector
Fortunately #SkinnyRepeal didn't pass. However we will remember your yes vote in 2018. #VeteransAgainstTrump
shame
Oh come on Senator!
You are a fool
You choose Trump over Nevada AGAIN.  I'm donating to your opponent now!
You had SEVEN YEARS to come up with a good plan. All you can offer is crap that kicks 16 million to 26 million out of insurance. SAD!!!
Your vote to destroy healthcare the ACA is Obscene. You wanted to take health care away from Nevadans and Americans. Disgusting.
Have fun going back to NV... might not want to go outside for a few weeks

Senator Heller cast the deciding vote in favor of dismantling health care. He folded to Trump, and we won’t forget: https://www.rosenfornevada.com  
Obamacare and the mandate taking away freedoms is wrong for American Liberty and American Economic strength - Vote to repeal!
Shame on you.
Nighty night, Pumpkin.
We will remember your vote tonight

@SenDeanHeller - I will personally walk Nevada precincts for your defeat.

Thank god for @SenJohnMcCain
Time for @realDonaldTrump to lift exemption for Congress & put their a$$es on Obamacare If it's good enough for us it's good enough for them
dude, you could have been a hero like John McCain and instead you demonstrated you wussed out to reality star Trump.  Sad.
Their votes are all on record. For nothing. The ads will be lovely.
I said it before and I'll say it again Senator,  "Actions, not words." And your actions tonight spoke volumes, so did Senator McCain's.
Hope you enjoyed being a Senator@SenDeanHeller #liar #traitortoNevada.
@DeanHeller @SenDeanHeller YOU'RE #FIRED #NEVADA WILL REMEMBER YOUR COWARDLY VOTE ON #ACA
The MAJORITY of Nevadans & Americans do not want this! Stop wasting time & address REAL probs facing our nation-plenty to choose from. 
You've been schooled by an 80 yo statesman who's 1000% more woke than u. Pack ur bags and delete your account @SenDeanHeller   
Bye Felicia!
Shame on you, Heller.
Yes - kill those $12,000 deductible ACA plans please.
Socialized medicine, ooooo so scary.
No such thing
McConnell is such a liar, like he reached across the aisle. Yes, we will give you our ideas, thanks for asking. You are a such a pos
The white boys worked hard, endless time, crock of lies
Shame on you for voting yes.  Can't wait till we can vote you out
He knew it wouldn't be passed. Be happy with him. He's been on your side and still is.
He voted yes, how is that on my or my child and grandchild with pre-existing conditions side?
So disappointed in your vote tonight @SenDeanHeller
Vote NO to the "skinny" repeal! Not acceptable!
The #skinnyrepeal is not workable and takes away healthcare access from millions of Nevadans. Bye, bye Heller! Hello Sen. @RepJackyRosen!
Don't you dare go against the wish of Nevadans for your political gain. Shame on you, we'll remeber this when casting your votes against you
No one wants #Trumpcare. You've had years, and still there's no @GOP plan, at all. #Resist #KillTheBill #SkinnyRepealWillKill
Please vote no on skinny bill.  This is being done incorrectly and will destroy the Republican Party. People will lose faith in you. Fix ACA
The "Skinny Repeal" is wrong. Why middle of the night vote on a secret bill? You n @gop have no ethics if you vote for skinny repeal.
It's sad how hard you and others are working to take away healthcare for so many Nevadans. Just wow. Caring for other's wellbeing isn't hard
Please vote no senator. The people of nevada and the USA deserve better than this bill and this process.
TRUMP and REPUBLICANS SENDING. 181. THOUSAND PTSD VIETNAM VETERANS TO DEATH OVENS LIKE HITLER  KILLERS 
Think about your constituents. Vote no. We need your vote. Or go back. Let's go back to regular order..
Only workable alternative is START RIGHT and get INPUT on a REGULAR ORDER way! PLEASE STOP THIS FRAUDULENT PROCESS & regain SENATE DIGNITY!
Don't do it know. Have hearings please. Don't pass this vote.
Political vengeance at the cost to Real People. The middle class and working poor are Real People. Destabilize Insurance C. You will Own it!
UNDEMOCRATIC process.  Vast majority of Americans want bipartisan improvement of ACA, not destruction of healthcare.
Rip off the Obamacare bandaid quickly it will hurt less in the long run.
People need healthcare to be productive - workers, parents, civic volunteers.  Don't make it harder - all evidence shows it hurts people
You need to vote No to the Skinny Bill
If you pass #Trumpcare you own it. We will not forget if you vote to strip healthcare away from millions including your constituents. #Shame
5/ children who loose their health insurance/care and loose their battle fighting for their lives. You will own this fraud of a bill
Do not vote for this bill - you will regret this in 2018
4/ on this horrible skinny pos. If you vote for this and there is no conference - - you own this horrible mess and the lives of seniors and
Just take ur vacation and stop this madnesses! #SaveTheACA
Please do not pass skinny repeal tonite..so many nevadans rely on you & will be hurt..plz keep your conscience close to Heart-please vote NO
If you vote no then you can work on the amendment with the other Senators you were speaking of.. please vote no
3/ before 2018 and raise premiums by 20% right now. And you boys don't even like what you scribbled on the napkin and you are prepared to
