If Trump were to place the Congress under Obamacare there would most likely be some movement on the issue
Heard they are on the plan. However they get 70% in subsidies so they can afford it. Isn't that nice. Another Obama gift to all of us. #jerk
Long story short. Every federal employee gets 70% in subsidies no matter if they make. Now you know why they don't want to repeal it
Meant to say no matter what they make
What the hell have you been doing for 7 years? Plan should have been " shovel ready "!
I agree they have done nothing but give to the rich and take from the poor.
This is good to hear!
Our @gop has to move us away from disastrous ObamaCare!
Would be so sweet if they pass repeal and replace while McCain is out.
Lmao. You do know that if McCain is not there they don't get his vote. They have no chance.
You have no idea what you are talking about troll-
Okay. How in the hell do the get to 50 with McCain gone?
Republicans have 52 seats in the Senate- plus Pence can vote when a tie occurs.
So if McCain is out- they still have 51 votes.
Not a chance they get Murkowsky or Collins. They're not buying the bullshit McConnell's selling. They have 49.
Yes- it is possible to get one or both of them. 
But that wasn't your original statement
Lindsey you are just impossible...you need to be defeated at the next election DOUBLE TALK!
Thats what it is
You've had SEVEN years!!! Give it up. You guys lost your chance now the American people want to keep it!
No we dont
According to all the polls we overwhelmingly do
Same polls that had hillary winning. Those polls?
Those aren't polls they are statistics, big difference. The polls had Hillary winning the popular vote by 4 and she won it by 3.
Omg you have to be trolling
Keep it up. I like what I'm hearing.
I totally agree that @LindseyGrahamSC should be "politically horsewhipped." In his own words...
@LindseyGraham all talk and no action. Talk and vote for a bad bill.
You're trying to avoid RINO hunting season in the primaries. You need to let a younger smarter more conservative delegate take your place
70 times and counting #flogging #deadhorse
Health must be primary
U will be, Graham. U will be.
I agree the federal government needs to get out of healthcare
Then stop doing interviews and get to work!! The #American people are loosing faith in both parties. #dnc #rnc @DNC #DrainTheSewer #MAGA
Losing! Lost
You are right LOST! #FAKENEWSindustrialComplex should start reporting on this instead of #RussianCollusion until facts are in! #Crooked
oh since @POTUS threatened to put Congress on the Obamacare, now @LindseyGrahamSC is singing like a bird to get healthcare done.
Thank you distinguished Senator.  I think you're back on track.  Thank you.  Take the lead, Sir.
Tweets like this makes them think they are doing the right thing. And you see what we got in congress and White House
Obviously, Senator Cassidy, you are committed to the political game--not as a physician who cares about the well being of Americans.
Sir you must know any support for him is not good for your future.
Nah, let ACA fail completely, let the demo-craps take the fall and then it would garrentee republican re election. Dems are screwing up bad.
You don't have your buddy stuck to your hip Lindsey Graham?? Changing your tune??
Graham, an elitist is exempt from obama care, 
such a jerk. 
He is all for something he is not vested in.
Blatant sewage mouthings.
The shame of it all is you have the majority, why no clout? Too many turncoats, wannbe dems! It's sickening! Ashamed of McCain!
Phony and fake.  Term limits
Politically horse whipped? I can think of a few that should be horse whipped.
Graham's brother from another MUTHER,John McCain,should be " horse-whipped" ! #RINO
As I said before, LITERALLY horsewhipped. Don't sugarcoat it.
It's not a matter of trying again it's a matter of coming up with something better than Obamacare. You know, governing.
Cassidy & Graham think States will do a better job. REMEMBER if we left it 2 the states we would still have slavery. Fix Ins&Pharma industry
You need to be politically horsewhipped regardless.  It's time.  
If you believe a word from this man, you have lost your mind.  Lib style!
Forget the political and just whip the crap out of him, and all the other rinos.   Term limits
We already know #McCain is gone 4 sure.. @Harlan needs to go unseat this RINO
thank you for remembering the middle class who has been decimated by Obamacare increases!  #nuclearoption
No they've not. Roughly 2.3 out of 400 mil have seen rates go up. We need to address that, but the vast majority of people are okay.
that statement is too ridiculous to even respond too. 
Didn't you vote AGAINST the bill last week?  Make up your mind already.
Your going to be politically done when it fails to pass once again.
Can they try with the lot of them, not just one side? I'm so tired of partisan politics. My healthcare isn't Republican or Democrat!?
Yes, we should be horse whipped!  I hope the Republicans get it right !  Soon!
Should be horse whipped regardless.
Some one wants to keep their job
Use the Buggywhip on these jackasses!
( no offense to the jackass.)
Senator Graham, come up with a plan that makes sense, and doesn't create a host of new problems (like millions of destitute sick people).
He did...turn the whole mess back to the States...
Or flooding into ERs and bankrupting hospitals.
Either that or the hospitals will bankrupt us!
Your block grant scam is really yet again an attempt to push massive healthcare cuts causing millions of Americans to lose care Stop it!

Cassidy-Graham, which is being sold as giving states flexibility over health spending, is actually a massive cut:  https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/8/1/16074746/cassidy-graham-obamacare-repeal …
The democrats in congress are about dirty tricks. Beware of them.
Unless you move on in a bipartisan way, you are dead wrong. This country is over your plans designed in the dark and strong arm attempts. 
Lindsey give up your golden plan
I do not believe this man at all! But thankful to you Bill for working to repeal and replace! God bless you with a supernatural way 4 it!
Then he needs to get his Rino buddy McCain in line
He is a self serving ego maniac idiot
Return to regular order, repair the ACA, then wait until after 2018 to try again.
repealing Obama care has always been a political statement and not something anyone really wants or need. Try making it better?
Try again and get it going as soon as possible. Thanks.
Women need health insurance also. Please remember when you have your secret, all men meetings this time.
Why does anything think they would be better now? The party of mean has been lying since Nixon.  My parents were GOP.  Not anymore.
Why whine GOP not included? 130 GOP amendments.  1-1/2 years of debate. One more chance for GOP to screw over America and the base loves it.
Graham is a flip flopping suck up.
You should be horsewhipped for not focusing on fixing ACA markets instead of this ridiculousness. Lower premiums by fixing not destroying.
I think you should all just be horse whipped.
Just exactly what are you for Senator Graham?
any1 that spews more ACA repeal BS- r obsessive&anal pathological murderers & Orwellian Fix the ACA- more than stupid not fix-@morningmika
This brain dead TRAITOR is SUCH...a...PAIN in the touche !!!
Take the boiling water off the stove.  Let it cool down, look up a good bipartisan recipe for chicken noodle soup.  Then it will pass.
@LindseyGrahamSC  what a SuckAss.
You, sir, are disingenuous and cowardly.
Well Mitch McConnell is moving on bitches. Get me my whip!!
Try again is that what you call it. You over paid slackers have had 7 years and since you thought Hillary was going to win you didn't care.
SAD to continue to hear party over people 
Senator, you mean John McCain was right & you should go back to order & legislate with ALL members of the Senate instead of ONLY Republicans
Bye
Should be horse whipped anyway
Please don't re-elect Lindsey Graham!!

Don't worry Lindsey,.. you will be!  It's too late now you puke ball bat! You blew it! 3rd party is looming because of you nut jobs.
1000% = 100% repeal. But you won't do it!
Don't worry the people won't forget. I'm gonna have to visit some old golf buddies and get a ground game going to oust you.
you won't win by putting the wealthy first, the bible said" U can't serve 2 masters" I drop the mic. @RevJJackson
What???? It is true..God is moving..
 sissy
I'm sorry, I find it hard to believe anything that comes out of this back staber
This talking head should loose his seat
That's brilliant
could work if states use it as intented and don't shift it to general funds corrupting state governments
@ReversingASD @LindseyGrahamSC ...and we should start with your buddy John McCain!
...you should be second!
Try
Finally, something I agree with Lindsey Graham on!
Says the lame senator
Well at least he says what we are all thinking.
You have a lot of people who'd pay to get in front of that line to accommodate all of you!
And we should trust what the ultimate never Trumper says? don't think so,Graham just another very bad actor
I do not believe a word Graham says. Lindsey, you have mostly shown nothing but contempt and ridicule for President Trump. Cut the BS!
Same fellow who works to cripple the GOP.
Great go live with the crazy president!!
Then do something and get your buddy McCain to join u
"He wants to be horsewhipped"
Too easy - I bet a lot of people said that first
No reason to wait. The horsewhipping of Republicans can start now
SOUNDS LIKE A NEW DANCE HORSE WIPPED
Oh shut up. You only voted yes because McCain gave cover.
Maybe you could try working with him instead of against him to help your colleagues move the ball.
Wrong, Page-diddler. You should be literally horse whipped.
Uh....
Absolutely right
I love the idea of a block grant back to the states.  Can you get McCain and Murkowski on board?
BUT HAS HE ACCOMPLISHED THE LAST SEVEN YEARS/MONTHS TO PREPARE FOR THE DAY THEY COULD CORRECT THIS NIGHTMARE A BIG Fat NOTHING
Tell your buddy John McCain!
GOP really sucks at math.
Bring it up for vote it again. 
Professional politicians need to do work sent to Wash dc to do. Big bang talkers when campaigning, then 00s
You should be politically horse whipped if you don't listen to the people #trumpcare stinks
Federal employees same as citizens all the way. Why they any different. No more professional politician getting special deals. TERM LIMITS
Didn't this F*CKER side with that cancer riddled McCain to derail any chance to replace Obamacare?
Yup they do need to be horse whipped with that I agree.
Lindsey would be horsewhipped by another guy and like it.
BS! Graham is attempting to CHA! He knows voters are out for blood! What a squirrelly panty waist.
I bet you'd like a good whipping, @LindseyGrahamSC.
Actions should speak louder than rhetoric.
You will be politically horsewhipped!
You know you have to repair- every bill GOP proposed dropped millions from health care access.
Graham is positioning for something. I've seen more tweets with this guy in the last two days than the last 190. #TermLimits!
I said it once I'll say it again leave health care reform to the experts in healthcare & to the states w/ inclusion of interstate commerce
Here's Senator Graham with an idea.  But why, Senator, did you not write the legislation?! What HAVE YOU BEEN DOING all that time? So fake
Good idea! End the 3 ring circus!!
https://youtu.be/xZKuzwPOefs 
Geee ya think?!? Frick'n RINO
Lindsey 'the progressive' Graham-Saying whatever he thinks you want to hear.
And yet for 7 years you sat on your butt and did zilch..  give us a break.
And not re-elected
The US is the worlds richest third world country. The crime rate, police murders and lack of healthcare and poverty are worse than Columbia.
You be horse whipped either way. Then line up the Democrats and do the same. Term Limits. Solved
Agreed. Get back on the horse.
I think you are on the right page about certain members of congress needing to be horsewhipped; you're first.
Is the talking that slithers in & out of Conservative values based on Quid pro quo back-room deals to get a photo op? Yes I believe it is.
You should be politically horsewhipped if you approve a bill that denies millions of Americans healthcare or if you allow trump to do so.
He's talking Constitution, enumerated powers and State's Rights while lobbyists exit his office
 https://youtu.be/BeQUTHZhAg0  @SenTedCruz
If it's not bipartisan it's going nowhere    I wouldn't trust our governor(KY) with any funds.   He thinks he's an autocrat.
I call BS
1000%? No wonder they have so many problems with health care.
But do it the right way with input from everyone, including Democrats, and slowly and carefully
Lindsey must be concerned about his primary in SC
Keeping jobkilling AHCA taxes so Govt. can give $ back to States promotes unlimited Medicare for all and creates a bigger monster to feed!
@BillCassidy
ObamaCare for Mr. Graham and ALL other Reps in DC. Believe Mr. Schumer said aca okay for US, Recall Ms. Pelosi said sign now read later?
Obamacare is not an insurance plan.
There is so much stupid in the comments...it's freaking depressing

"Let's try to figure out where those areas of common ground exist." -@RepKinzinger on how Congress can fix health care in a bipartisan way. 
To bad senators can't be replaced as easy as chief of staff

Republican Sen. Susan Collins just rejected her party’s premise that the ACA can’t be reformed http://bit.ly/2tU2c40  
Bipartisan!
Cuts to Medicaid, food stamps & MEDICARE get wealthy HUGE Tax cuts costing $7.8 Trillion, Aiding Top Earners,  http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/BBEiIdb?ocid=st … …
CALL: (202) 224-3121
*Bipartisan effort #ForThePeople
I don't believe you Mr. Graham.
LOL. Keep trying to take away peoples' health care. Succeed or fail, it will flip seats to Dem in 2018 the longer it continues. Love it.
No kidding, get the naysayers to remove their head from its spot and think about the other people
Tell your buddy McCain to get in line.
No you should be voted out, all of you, if you don't get it done...  don't leave until it's done
Horsewhipped if you don't try, THROWN out of office if you don't get it done!
Now you with @realDonaldTrump ,little too late u rino
Don't trust this man
Lindsey doesnt know if hes coming or going. Next week he'll b against Trump. Cant wait 2 vote him out. Hope i dont have 2 vote Dem 2 do it
Graham is so wishy washy it is ridiculous! Just scrap everything totally and make Trump happy! Trump lied to get elected just like Graham!
Horsewhipped ? Don't give Trump any idea's here.
Why would anyone believe this fucknut
1000%? Does that mean 10 more votes to be held?
Whoever still stands with this treasonous, embarrassment to our greatness is on the wrong side of history and will be so judged!
Get to whipping! U have a terrible bill in Trumpcare. The policy of dismantling everything Obama is
unproductive. Try bipartisan legislation
No one cares what @LindseyGrahamSC says...he's such a 2 faced liar, works with Dems behind closed doors & then says this on tv hypocrite
Oh Lindsey. Your party is getting horse whipped alright.
You should be politically horse whipped for multiple things: being a neocon globalist war monger & a never Trumper

Repeal! Not a Rube Goldberg fix! Congress in Sam plan!
Oh you will be...right out of office!
Yeah. Keep trying to kill off Americans & telling us be scared of terrorists.  Compare the stats.  What kills more? Terrorism or disease?
Yeah right you do. Liar.
Wow  @LindseyGrahamSC why can you NOT be consistent? Why did you NOT explain this to @SenJohnMcCain ?
He gets all tongue tied around his man crush
Can't even listen to McCain's younger brother of another mother
Lindsay is an ass
There's somebody waiting to take your place Lindsey. STOP the BS!
U will be anyway. You are done
Don't bother your friend McCain will sell you down the river.  Biden got to him first.
Thats because you'd rather keep the healthcare industry profit markups at 1000% of their cost, than provide affordable Healthcare you grinch
