All they have to know is you are a Republican and that makes it "bad"
The Graham-Cassidy-Heller healthcare plan gives control back to the states in a block grant. Washington or your state. Who knows better?
Are you from Louisiana? If you are, you know the legislature will  reduce funds elsewhere to steal the block grants and apply them elsewhere
One insurance co with unaffordable premiums,high deducts,mandated,no choice of types of coverage NEEDS TO END! Release us from ObamacareHELL
@BillCassidy is the biggest fraud and liar in the Senate.
Is it ##UHC?
Nah we moved on to @SenSanders MedicareforAll
With your support it's expected to hurt people, that's what you vote for: removing Healthcare from millions. #DoNoHarm Right Doctor?
does this plan involve cuts to medicaid?
Maybe you are trying bring fairness. How are planning to achieve that? By ruining a massive number of ppl so everyone ended up equally bad?
It sucks.  You are a disgrace to Louisiana for supporting this crap.

I thought the actual bill was going to be released today, Sept. 11.  I'm scouring the internet for it.  Where can I get a copy?
SAVE OUR DREAMERS! Resist! 99% have never had a criminal charge! 100% where brought to the us unwillingly!
You have spoken about giving  less coverage, assuming that people don't want as much, rather than can't afford it, so yes! We disagree!
Now you know how @HillaryClinton feels. . .#SaveACA #ProtectOurCare #JimmyKimmel test
Because we know the truth if your agenda, that's why.
Louisianans will never forget you coined the phrase #kimmeltest & then voted to toss millions of children off Medicaid. You’re a hypocrite
didn't you vote yes to a healthcare bill without really knowing the content?
We don't trust you.  And you don't deserve trust.  I fear you guys.
It isn't free, and polling suggests you are wrong.
Polling suggests more people agree. Fix it, don't repeal it. If Cassidy repeals, GOP will be blamed.
Which means that poor people in red states will die.
Why can't you wait for the CBC report to vote ? Because you know how bad it'll be?
Maybe because you republican traitors are predicable in your efforts to kill Americans. 'They' were right btw...
Your name on disastrous legislation is now the norm. You are hurting the citizens of your state and you just don't care. #hypocriticoath
We've seen enough to know it's terrible. Stop trying to hurt the American people. You're supposed to be a doctor.
And we already know you're trying to rush it through before September 30. You don't care how evil it is.
is this just another plan to make the top 1% cash happy?
The outline provides plenty to criticize. Decimate #Medicaid. 
Bribe @SenJohnMcCain. 
Remove patient protections. 
Price hikes.
Nuff said?
Get government out of health care !!! Let the free market work
We are wondering what happened to Cassidy Collins that you swore was the best.thing.ever.
Show it! Does it cover ALL US citizens? Do premiums & drug costs go down dramatically? If the answer is No & No, then stop wasting our time!
Those who have read it are horrified.
Maybe they saw the first one and knew what was coming. Does it pass the Kimmel test? If it doesn't you should criticize it too
Probably because we already know it sucks balls. No reading necessary. #dummy
Is this accurate? http://files.kff.org/attachment/Summary-of-Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Amendment … @KaiserFamFound  "Give" to states but remove ACA provisions? Can you do math? #Healthcare
Wish    Col Maness was running against you!
You promised full repeal-you lied
We want straight up repeal!ACA took our insurance plan away! ACA ducks! I had it I know! Can't afford
You have become the biggest joke in the Senate.
Why don't you give us a teaser, Dr.?
Because caps and block grants will harm our most vulnerable. And you're not talking to the DD experts who know best.
We know that again u are trying to rush something thru for ur own political gain. U are desperate to gut healthcare instead of do real work.
Resign
Let's see it then.........
B/c we understand ur desperation to give to the wealthiest while taking from constituents. We judge u by ur most recent attempts to harm us
If Graham is for it then we need to grab our ankles, because we are about to get shafted. Give us a #CleanRepeal like we were promised.
Good. Since all of those voted straight repeal, any of their plans will have multiple show-stopping flaws.
Just please do as much as possible to defund PP. That's long overdue, don't bargain it away. @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain @realDonaldTrump
The GOP voted on the last plan without knowing what was in it. We have heard enough of the details to know it will deny care to millions.
You have now lost all credibility in the healthcare debate, @BillCassidy. That's what happens when you sell your soul for political gain.
We need a bipartisan solution
Maybe that's because we know it's going to be  anyway because, you know, it's being written only by #Republicans & Republicans are idiots.
Graham's name is on it....terrible for Americans!
La needs YOU to save this nation...ACA is bankrupting me...1250.00/mo prem...6k deductible..only pays 80% if in-network..never used it yet
He tried his first solo bill out on us, his constituents, and he was booed the entire townhall. Because it was a legit POS!
People should read it then criticize then make it better then pass with consensus! Good ideas can come from anywhere, at least read it first
Why trust you?  You voted for a straight repeal.  You lost all integrity.  I used to defend you, but no longer.
If it's from you, everyone has a general idea what's it in
Work on a bipartisan plan the protect Americans healthcare but no try slam something thru just to get credit. Your a Sad Ass Senator. 1 term
No one trust the Republicans, he'll the dumb ass president don't even trust you. You continue to try and pass crap legislation along party
Those who didn't understand or don't care how much good the ACA did are trying to dismantle it
Keep up the great work.  We appreciate all of your dedication and diligence.  It always gets tougher near the goal line.
Boo, he ain't scoring any touch-down with that POS. Promise you dat.
Cutting one penny of Medicaid funding? #monsters
it's because you suck
Block grants? Cuts to Medicaid? Yes. Definitely worthy of criticism. Just fix the ACA. And pass the Dream Act or the Bridge Act.
That's because U voted YES to that horrific SKINNY BILL. Yeah, like we believe u crafted a decent HC Bill? Wake up Cassidy! We don't trust U
Is this what your are worried about right now? You do know there is a monster hurricane headed for Florida.
It has devastating cuts to marketplace subsidies, drastic cuts to Medicaid, and weakens consumer protections. All for tax cuts for the rich.
No. Facts.
I don't need to read A Shore Thing to know I'm not going to like it once I find out that it's written by Snooki.
1/We know initial drafts include deep cuts to medicaid and block grants and we know how block grants have been historically treated by Cong.
2/we know u r trying to rush thru by sept 30 without committee and full congressional hearings.
3/ we know u r jetting around US trying to entice red states that didnt expand medicaid with dollars to out number responsible expansion sts
Similar to GOP senators saying they'll vote yes on a healthcare bill without first having seen it 
That you don't have it ready TODAY... after having 3 full weeks of vacation, is just so ridiculous. What's taking so long? 
Repeal the healthcare law is dead move on
They already know
