Justifying the justice or fair treatment of the oppressed based on their financial, economic or social need is totally silly and unfounded.
And I say this in total respect of you, ma. I am only talking of the rationale of justifyin d justice of d oppressed based on economic need.
If these black women weren't their family breadwinners, would it have made their unjust treatment of unequal pay okay? Absolutely not!
We need to stop begging or negotiating with the oppressor to consider our needs & treat us as mere human beings. We deserve justice, PERIOD.
Are you not one of 'they' or did you turn in your black card?
Then, in the same vein let's not try to justify the just treatment of black women based on their being family breadwinners - it's DANGEROUS!
My heart breaks as I think of all the years of immeasurable torment & sorrow from the institutionalized injustices of patriarchy & racism.

But we must never stop fighting. We must never stop fighting evil & protesting its vile, heinous soul-crushing realities, and good will win.
Every human being must get equal, just, and fair pay for work they put in REGARDLESS of their need or use for it; regardless of ANYTHING.
I am sure that @SenKamalaHarris means well, but trying to justify equal pay for women because they need it only reproduces evil & injustice.
Even if these women werent the family breadwinners, EVERY human being deserves equal & fair pay for their work, regardless of ANYTHING else.
Thank you for your leadership, Sen. Harris!
What?
Shes stupid& talks over everyone
 thats leadership- communist style
You and I seem to have a fundamental disagreement about the nature of the good.
No one is good- only Jesus
We are all flawed sinners who need Jesus guidance-  
Try following 10 commandments 
No one can do it
I think you misunderstood my comment.
This is about families? Why aren't you promoting black fathers then? Why aren't these fathers supporting their children? #ActualProblems
She can't help with that because it doesn't exist. However, the missing father is a real issue. More ad hominem attacks, or do you get it?
So you want to criticize her for trying to give single mothers equal pay. You are a true humanitarian.
8 of 10, but muh #FakeNews wage gap! Yes, I will criticize, as is my right and duty. #FathersBeforeFakeNews
Yeah because fairness is not your problem. I get that. What's your real issue?
How about teaching some family values and respondsibilty to your young men instead of blaming everyone else for their problems?
Like when #PhilandoCastile was killed in front of his 4 year old daughter...values?
#BlackWomensEqualPay
For non compliance... and?
Do women deserve to be paid, while not at work? Women work less than men. Hence, the wage gap. 

Also, what is a "fair wage?"
When do women work less?
Added into her stat, includes women who take off for maternity leave and aren't being paid. Thus, "The wage gap."
And we should be penalized for that?!?
I mean no, but you're not... You shouldn't make money while not working. If you did, you'd make more per hour worked then men... 
Black women are human beings, black men are human beings, and that right there, is the ONLY requirement for equal pay and perfect justice.
Every human being deserves just treatment, PERIOD. Every human deserves justice, THAT'S ALL - regardless of any situation or circumstance.
I agree. The color of a person's skin does not dictate whether they deserve a good life for their family.
All of us want safe home, food
In Asian countries?...or as a group in America-think numbers in terms of population.
That population is too small  of a sample to compare with blacks in America.
American culture would not be measured by those standards...since black communities have always had men, women and children sold off.
ALL women deserve the right to plan their family so their children have the best opportunity for success via access to education/healthcare.
Yeah, because children don't need their fathers. I understand
When fathers actually have to carry and deliver a child, you can then tell me men have the same issues as womens access to prenatal care.
Is prenatal care really what you're talking about? BC I think you mean something else
I don't think ANY woman should be forced to have more children when perhaps they are carrying 100% of the entire family well-being.
And wages don't increase if you take sick days or maternity leave. Nor does your position rise in stature if you just might get fired too.
This is a cultural issue, let's not pretend the solution is abortion. After that baby is gone, the woman is still on her own. Think harder
CULTURAL issue? 1. Bodily Autonomy is law.2. Women get fired missing work w/sick kid or having a kid. 3. Racial prejudice=some laws. Truth
Im also aware that @SenKamalaHarris' articulation of her tweet like that might hav been an oversight but it is imperative to point that out-
Keep believing in you and stand fast in faith. What is MEANT and DUED to us will come
And a living wage, and affordable pharma and health care. 3 things that trump has vowed we will not have.
Race baiting and dividing the classes is no way to bring people together. You're no better then the crackers of years ago, shame shame.
I'm going to go ahead and guess... Old white make uneducated? Just a guess
Don't you mean "male"? #uneducated #GrammarMatters
When certain people are more offended by a typo than the fact that women are paid so much less than men. You're a waste of oxygen.
SOME women earn less. I earn MORE than my male colleagues. Now, run along #islandboy, and study your grammar. #Pax
Island boy  you really are all the same #buysomeclass
I think they do deserve equal pay, I'm also wondering why 8 of 10 are the family's breadwinners. Where are the men?
Let's examine "breadwinner".  Everyone went immediately to absence.  Equal pay is the subject & she's right it exists and we demand change
Maybe they should stop getting pregnant by unreliable men.
That's cuz the male hit it, pumped it up then left lmao
They deserve fathers who are bums!
Maybe address cause of that to promote change. 
1) Get an education b4 kids
2) Choose responsible males to procreate with.
#selfresponsible
how about they start by not having multiple babies by multiple baby daddies - then get an education & learn skills 
That's why reproductive rights are so important. Dem party feels they are negotiable. Betrayal.
Fair pay for what? Should a fast-food worker make as much as a teacher? Or a doctor? What about women who work fewer hours?
So if a black woman is taking my fry order at McD's and a white guy is handing my said fries he makes more per hour? 
So 80% of black fathers are useless deadbeats according to your data. 
So can you give us some real facts on what you will do differently than Obama who took things backwards?  His watch on this.
Black women, white women,.... 
WOMEN DESERVE EQUAL PAY!
#EqualPayForALL
This brown father of 4 daughters teach no one owes you anything you earn everything you get don't throw down race card God is your provider
What additional skills and experience do they have? If they can add value then they should  negotiate.
Lying #Racist #FemiNazi keeps lying.
I hope you are one of our 2020 choices for POTUS!
What percent are single mothers?
And they are getting fair pay. U r looking at a statistic based on average & assuming that because blacks on average earn less
They r therefore being paid unfairly. No proof for allegation .
Quit having babies out of wedlock
No they don't, start using condoms, and stay in school,
Who else is there the fathers are a bunch of lazy drug addicts, castrate them to give the black community a chance to come out
Most work 2-3 jobs to maintain.. how does that keep families together.. 4 th place... really
in contrast, doesn't that tell you something gone wrong with 'black society'?
Never to late for education, don't have babys u can't afford - skin color no matter. Problem solved.
four out of five***
Pay s/b equal for all regardless of gender or race.
2020!
Their are many single white moms latinos moms etc.
Maybe you should start focusing on why the men are not stepping up... Or teach them how you did it #WillieBrown
Yes!!!
Obama had 8 years, why didn't he take care of it? But it's Trumps fault
The need to find those worthless fathers junkies a drug addicts and make them pay for their jewels
A stark and realistic "fun fact" for sure.
Let's also give some resources to black father/men so we can help those mothers and families out too
We should be supporting equal pay for all women, not just one type.
That's the goal; however, black women suffer by far the BIGGEST disparity in pay.
Sorry, but the last time that I saw the statistics, Hispanic women were the lowest among women in the US. White, Asian, Black and Hispanics.
What a way to say black single mothers... That's the greater problem, poor choices by them.
Where are the fathers and dads? Welfare took over the provider role to the detriment of families. Let's work on that!
Black women in equal positions with equal experience and seniority? Or just in general, bc, you know, that isn't relevant
Which sector, specifically, is the pay gap in? I know retail/fast food is all the same pay, so are we talking corporate salaries?
I think they deserve fair pay regardless of their family situation.
Y is it hard 4people 2understand that people r not fair .. & that's y fairness HAS 2be legislated .. Simple as that.
Why didn't you do something about it from 08-16. Oh yeah I remember
Yes, don't we all.
Many people work three jobs, only to have folks say they are lazy or whatever. Or that they don't care about their kids. So wrong.
What can I do  to help
True enough but platitudes won't cut it. Let's see the Action Plan.
80% of Black mother's work countless hours often at multiple jobs to provide for their children. Their children are often left alone, I know
Where are the men Pls? 8 out of 10 is preposterous
LOL, what is fair pay? It's the amount of money someone is willing to work for. If I'm wrong please let me know. Stop with your nonsense!
What does "fair pay" mean madam Senator? Please explain because I see taxpayers as the sole providers of this comp method.
ALL women deserve equal and fair pay!!
Do Steve. Harvey's job, make Steve Harvey pay.  No problem here.
I thought McDonald's did pay fairly
If you wanted families you'd be advocating for men & women making better choices.

Ugly Truth Abt Single Motherhood
The US still owes me my 40 acres and a mule

Thank you @SenKamalaHarris. I am not black but a step in the direction of equality is always great. Trolls go away.
COMMUNISM! COMMUNISM! COMMUNISM! COME ON SAY IT WITH ME!
It will take all women united to create change and we must have each others backs #Equality4all #DignityinDemocracy
Maybe we should stop promoting as being cool single motherhood in the media and movies .75% chance of poverty with single mother households
Black men should be responsible, & don't have kids if you can't afford them. Everyone's a victim & nobody's responsible.
Why are you just referring to single black women are you racist or a bigot seems like it to me typical hypocrite  Democrat
We are all on to you Kamala. Race bating is wrong but anything to get a political step up huh.
Democrats incentivised welfare which exasperated the already sad statistics. It's their culture, they do it to themselves
lol I didn't even realize this was a retweet sorry
She is talking about a REALITY.  Stop with the "division" BS. Stating fact is not dividing. It's truth. Accept it.
I thought this was directed at me for a sec, but yeah I agree
they deserve, reakky. The need not lay down with men who won't take responsibility for their children and work to support
I wrote this for equal pay. https://www.facebook.com/zane.zulywitz/posts/10213533279075741 ….
Yes indeed.
Never understood this methodology, must be stupid-ass male syndrome.
I was one of the 8.  Out performed my white counterparts & got paid less 25 yrs ago and its still happening now.  #STEM #BlackWomenEqualPay
Your party destroyed the Black family, in the late 1970's, 8 out of 10 Black families had a father who was the main breadwinner.
Yes. They. Do.
You had 8 years of obama and nothing was done. Did Harris just realize this was going on ?
What about #WomensEqualPay ? We are all being screwed over when it comes to equal pay for equal work.
not in @realdonaldtrump's america..only old fat white men are full human beings and they deserve breathtaking pay for simply living among us
That's a message!  Run on that!
Eeek- just scanned some of the responses here-yecch... a lot of white Americans hate black people... I just don't know what else to say
(Think harder. Something else to say will come to you eventually.)
Well maybe men should work on making it so less black women are their family's only bread winner. Stick around. Raise your kids
WE

WUZ

KANGZ
Equal Pay helps bothe families that have both parents and ones who don't...that is the Bigger Picture. Hope everyone is on board with that
I think equal pay for ALL WOMEN would be Awesome! There are huge disparities along racial lines true but all women deserve equal pay
Do jobs men do, get paid what men do.
yep ...black women have endure so much ...they are strong ...and deserve much respect ...as do all women ...
Womenof all colors in this country WORK MORE HOURS THAN ANY WOMAN IN GOVT like you, we deserve EQUAL PAY at least or you need 2get paid less
What about Indian Families?
Today is #EqualPayDay for Black women specifically.
What can we do to help? This pay gap between whites and  blacks needs to be fixed so our country can flourish.
Are all these men in jail ? I think not ! #EqualPay is important but so is sending a message that a fathers role in their kids life impo too
And deserve real.....not fake progressive representatives.....
tell these low IQ black "women" to stop having sex with random low IQ dudes and getting pregnant. Why is it so hard to take responsibility?
Instead of making the government take care of them why don't you work to change the culture of the black family? No dad = poverty.
I don't understand why nobody is considering all minorities versus just one-This is a battle that should be fought for all Races and genders
Especially those Indian, Vietnamese and Chinese immigrants.
@SenKamalaHarris @MaxineWaters - please CONVINCE WOMAN TO VOTE WHEN IT COUNTS-things will change with more woman involved on ALL levels
Why? They indiscriminantly had children? Didn't learn a skill or trade? Picked a bad man? 70% of black children are born out of wedlock.
Or maybe we could promote family values also, you mom AND dad together in the same house.  #RootOfTheProblem
Sorry Kamala, I think they "deserve"
legislation that hold deadbeat fathers
responsible, for their share of the life
they brought forth.
There is a law about equal pay. These things can be brought to court. There aren't employers breaking the law everywhere.
I hope he ran for president
Do it for the children!
Good point Kamala.  Eight of ten?   Is your overriding point referencing the lack of black men as breadwinners?  My head is spinning Kamala.
They do get fair pay. You are just looking for something to cry about. Pay gap theory is been debunked so many time it's laughable.
What they deserve is fathers in their family. Start emphasizing that. Good for families.
The government diminished them with policies that made the fathers irrelevant to family.  You created that mess
that's racist. Stereotyping blacks
Way To Go #SenHarris Make Your #Voice Heard, But, #AllWomen #EqualPay! They All #Deserve It! No Offense I Love You But Equal Pay-Color Blind
@SenKamalaHarris Please Know, I Support You!
Kamala how does it feel to know Americans has thier eye on you running 2020? We watching Kennedy as well.
#BlackWomensEqualPay is essential; knowing the difference between #income & financial #wealth is radical.
Yes fair pay. Get paid no more and no less than there worth on the open free maket. Congrats! You've embraced free market economics.
Here is one!
Fair pay is exactly that. Whatever they can command for their labor through voluntary exchange unencumbered by plantation statist policies.
If the woman is the breadwinner; then she is making MORE!
I agree but U kamala LIED about immigrants being deported. YOU ARTFULLY left out the word ILLEGAL when you mentioned immigrants. LIE LIE LIE
Absurd concept from an absurd, racist woman.
What a Mothers in General~ Women and children are getting buried by bureaucracy in housing,medical,Business  #MercyJusticeWomenNeedRepsCalif
And where are the black leaders at? Where's the next Dr King at telling the young black men to stop being dead bets? And start taking. 1/2
Responsibility for there actions. And stop blaming someone else. It's your fault it's time to step up. And god bless all them young women2/2
It's about equality of opportunity not equality of outcome. B.women choose kids out of wedlock and before achieving http://H.S.edu 
What did Obama and the democrats do the last 8 years?
@EboniKWilliams  ... some would contend that hard working folks deserve fair pay regardless of gender or ethnicity
Exactly. So no one should be paid less
They deserve policies that will assist them in fulfilling their potential. Not everyone can have willie brown appoint them to good jobs.
I'm all for it!
#BlackFathersNeedToStepUp
You best check with @SenWarren she pays women less than men
Everyone should get paid exactly what the job is worth. No more and no less.
Men are more often breadwinners therefore they should do less dangerous jobs but receive same pay.
This is about families – eight out of every ten Black mothers are their family’s breadwinner. They deserve fair pay. #BlackWomensEqualPay
Why are 8 out of 10 black women the chief breadwinner?
Hmmm. The single mother argument. U mean the females who have children out of wedlock? Now it's our problem?
There are multiple layers that need fixing before getting to "equal pay".  Personal responsibility message just doesn't get the votes.
Where are the fathers?
Why are you less concerned that 8 of 10 black mothers are their family's breadwinner? #wheresdaddy
They should keep fighting for it. Equal pay will not be headed over without causualties. #ebonystrong
some made up bullshit to race bait. No one has took a census and you libtards know it
And you have evidence that she is doing the same work with the same performance for less, you have a Fed employment law case.
but why compare a black womans pay to a white MAN? Why not a black man or a white woman. This whole article is bullshit
Why not work on why eight out of ten black mothers are their family's breadwinner? #DIRTYDONNA
Girl you never miss an opportunity to put blame on others. To make ppl think the world is always against them. I'm here to say, dont believe
Sad truth
You're not a leader. You're a divider that does not empower other women; you rather women walk around thinking less of themselves.
My professional career has been in science and engineering.  All of the black I've ever worked with have been top notch and great coworkers
Perhaps if the  Rehashed DEAL Democrats laid on us in the form of GREAT SOCIETY hadn't forced fathers out of homes. Was NOT a help long run.
Been setting people up ever since.
You know nothing abt me.Grew up same way you did, protesting the war. Thought I was saving US by voting for Carter. So, unless you 1/2
sad
If we work as hard as others, we will get paid the same. Why wouldn't all businesses just hire black women then to save $$?
They deserve better men.
it's not white man fault that black women don't marry before having kids. Each woman has the power to wait until family unite b4 making kids
This is another bullshit political ploy. How do we know black women aren't fairly compensated. Stats have details.
Here in our doorsteps eliminating our car industry every advertising in TV are their cars new from Toyota86,CVR crossover is here we can't
Most blacks raised with single mom. U need to either tell women to use protection, get married before having kids.
Possibly they need to learn to make better choices get an education start from the beginning like the rest of us get off entitlements
Where are the black fathers? Getting another woman preggie?
Eliminating us of our century old cars from Ford,GM let stop the unfair trade we cannot sell our cars in Japan by hundreds but they million
Marry the father
Senator, you are an up and comer. Watching people like and retweet and comment on your tweet tells me so. We're counting on you!
There was a saying by the veterans,who actually won the WWll they think the japanese with their Toyota,Honda,Mitsubishi etc,sweet revenge
I pity our women unlike Rosie the riveter in the 40's when US went to war our car industry went to make war equipment jeeps, tanks 6x6 truck
Where are the black men?! #BringBackDads
Additionally, what anyone "deserves" is irrelevant. What your work is WORTH determines what you get paid. 

Fairness, my Irish ass...
and what have you done to stop or even slow down the "Baby Mama Syndrome".....all you have are failed policies......
Only small jobs mostly restaurant workers reason we survive coz US is big lots of food farms poultry others but for better job almost none
@sikivuhutch find the 8 fathers !
3Tigers of Asia Japan, china,korea,Taiwan are all dumping their products here eliminating middle class,engineers,skill workers here,nothing
#BlackWomensEqualPay Does the dysfunctional political establishment have any power to fix or address not just this but other un equal issues
Women of all races in US who are bread winners can't achieve fair pay coz of the few jobs here and lots of unemployed Asia got all our jobs
