And of course vets, who every conservative I know claimed was their main reason for voting for Trump.

Obamacare made states expand Medicaid to able-bodied adults rather than cover services for those with disabilities. http://thefederalist.com/2017/06/15/yes-obamacare-really-disadvantage-disabled-americans/#.WU7LFSWm7_w.twitter …
Well if a propaganda / pop culture website, which plays itself off as a serious news source says it, well, I'm going to ignore facts.
how about these apples?
Weird that's not being reported https://twitter.com/mccormackjohn/status/879442228036456449 …
So 14 million show up to the ER with no coverage. Watch premiums skyrocket, like before ACA. It's called math aka conservative kryptonite
wait, you mean they ddin't skyrocket during #ACA?
A little research on insurance premiums under Bush (15% per year) and Obama (9% per) shows this. People get confused by total, not % rise.
my premiums went up more after #obamacare than previous 20 years combined. 
my deductible at one time was $250
right before $500
now $4600
That's pure rhetoric. You can't explain true breakdown OC plans w/140 so you lie. It's a forced catastrophe. 60yrolds pay 24% income per mo.


It cannot be said enough, southerners HATE the thought that this country had a black President. They want to erase him from history books.
Based on what do you get this insight?
Good insight dummy. Obama did very well in the south. I cannot tolerate prejudice in my feed. Bigotry not tolerated. Now you go to mute city
Go ahead tell ur constituents abt middle class pay'in pick up slack for ur illegal immgrnts. Increase to $1200 PER MONTH! 13$tho deductible!
And it helps people that are healthy
I guess we need to get in that line to become millionaires...it's our fault for being the middle class! :( #blamegame #GOPmantra
It's a big club, and we ain't in it.
That's okay I would rather have my soul than sell it like the #Rich #Republicans do.
Amen!

Thank you! How do I get Nunes to see this side?
In Donald Trumps words.. You are "wrong".. Fact: Obamacare is going under big-time...
My son is 5 yrs old and disabled. Thank you and all the Democrats for standing up for my son.
And who can afford Obama Care's skyrocketing premiums with all the insurance companies bailing out? Nobody.
@SDDems_Dilemma  @johnthune @RepKristiNoem @SenJohnThune @SenatorRounds  
SD needs to remember the people who represent us, support this.
Don't forget the nearly 500,000 veterans who will be adversely affected, Senator.
YES!! And many who don't even use their veteran's benefits that don't fall into that number. #sadRN
#YouAreAmazing
Every-time the government buys/pays for ANYTHING it puts tax dollars in the hands of SOME millionaire.  And you want to spend more.
The government doesn't create or produce anything. Thus for the government to achieve any goals, it must spend money, and contractors profit
Let's just call slashing #Medicaid what it is: a brutal attack on people living with #Alzheimers/#dementia & their families. #NoCutsNoCaps

#TrumpcareLikeTrumpUExceptUDie!
2 minutes of your time can possibly save hundreds of thousands of lives!
All you resisters Libtards move to CA..
Libtards...wow. How original
Since we at grade school level and calling names...#TrumpFlake.
After all is said and done every Republican who voted yes on health care bill needs to be removed from office. Clearly they don't care.
That's essentially the template for ALL GOP legislation these days.   #Plutocracy
NOIZE
oh NO I dont want it

@SenKamalaHarris working it for her white male privilege pimp$ at @SCNstrategies . Wonder if she's using her #WillieBrown tactics with them?
This is so sickening ... no pun intended !
Scum like Trump get 7 million dollar tax cuts apparently the Hundreds of millions he makes a year isn't enuf
To be fair: Millionaires AND Billionaires. Makes the "it helps" statistic .005% more effective.
Please call this by its name : Trumpcare. It's a way to give tax breaks to the rich while taking inhalers away from asthma patients.
Millionaires need health care too!
@SenateGOP do u want Ur Repub constituents 2 recall, tht Thr OWN greedy R prty Are the politicians tht actually Killed their families? gop=
And how about veterans? And mental health patients? Often a combination of both above.
It's absurd!
Obamacare didn't help anyone
Why can't his cult members see the truth?

YES!I'm a Job Coach=Serve Folks with Special Needs. Help them Find and Keep their Jobs. The Jobs they get Don't Include Health Insurance.
Murica voted for this.:/
Keep up the good work!!
Any thoughts about the failing Obama Care?
& McConnell wanted a vote before July 4th recess to keep legislators away from constituents, because most people are NOT fans of their plan


Facts.
Who Obamacare hurts: everybody, businesses, and isn't affordable to 46 states. You should have it with only a paycheck of $500 and make do.
I wish I were a multimillionaire.
I want my yacht dammit!
Me too!
#Ocare is better than #NOcare  / 
#NOcare is #TrumpCare because
@realDonaldTrump does NOT care ! 
@NancyPelosi #slogan @DNC
Only "helps" millionaires who see a bank balance as God's scoreboard.
NONE will notice any material difference in life from their tax cut.
Don't forget women .
Obamacare hurts your every day American. #facts #economics #insurance companies win not sick Joe or Jane Doe
who the CA plan helps in limbo
*crickets*
I live in CA and my family makes 85k a year and even with the exchange we still can't afford insurance .. how do we fix it.. you tell us?
Try billionaires Senator! If you're one of those 400 families Your a frigging B not an M!
Exactly! Having a disabled child in the family and with what DeVos is proposing, I fear for the impact it will have on her.
Funny, I'm being killed financially by Obamacare. Middle class and can't afford to get sick.
The short answer - everyone -  but millionaires aka vampires.
O-care - higher premiums for people who can afford it - HORROR! T-care - Higher premiums for people who can't afford it - A-OK!!
The authors. Applause please?
don't forget,  the Republicans in Congress will NOT loose their health insurance nor be subjected to anything in trumpcare
You misspelled Billionaires, who could have guessed @realDonaldTrump only cares about himself and others who enrich him. IMPEACH HIM!
Then do something. Now. PLease!!
Clear and Concise tweet!!!  Thanks,
Some many in office can careless about the people that voted them there! Keep fighting we appreciate it
Let congress use the healthcare they want us to accept. Or send their kids to war and see how good they get at solving these issues
also: baby jesus, who loves Millionaires especially
If they give me 6 months I will prove by not taking my meds I will be dead!!! If that sinks in to them it could save millions of lives..
How many of those are illegal aliens that shouldn't be here
Not accurate. It also helps billionaires.
In a nutshell, this bill gets "capitalists uber alles" weak in the knees & hard in another area.

We all know it, it's just hard 2 believe.
Send me your copy of the bill, please. I want to make up my own mind.
Looks like republicans don't actually care about babies, elderly or handicapped. Such good Christians they are.  SMH
Please ask "moderate" Sen Susan Collins exactly how many Americans will die of the AHCA is passed, & how is that acceptable???
For some reason, this is reminiscent of the Ukraine malware attack
u forgot it helps billionaires too.
Bullshit!
It hurts everyone that buys their own insurance as they get older.
Can we starting to vote for you please!! Can't wait to get that Orange Scammer out of the country #KamalaHarris
...and billionaires
They're starting with the bribes to get votes for TrumpRyanMcConnellCare bill
In case you've MISSED My MULTIPLE Messages... I HAVE THE SOLUTION!
READ! Insurance Companies can B retasked to #AdministerONLY.#OnlyCEOLoses
@jennah_justen people get upset when I tweeted in support of AIDS treatment it's not the 80's anymore
Not kosher folks!! We must fight back!!! 
Greedy racist GOP
Trump doesn't understand as President he serves the majority of Americans not the minority, in it for himself
How about none of the above of YOUR list.
Everybody
Keep fighting
#facts
Tell your constituents to stop this bill. We need to block this.I've already contacted my senator.
Kamala Harris  for president in 2020
All the horse trading going on right now is really just manure! Senator..tell America how it is!!!
Succinctly put.
Who it helps: +Senators who lined their pockets with lobbyist contributions. (Looking at you @SenToomey )
It's legalized communism at its finest.
That's not fair, Kamala; it also helps Billionaires...
It hurts poor people. Don't we count? I am poor and I have a disabled child.
How are we are paying down the 20 Trillion debt.  With everybody on gov't paid healthcare? I think not!  Please get your head out of your
So where is your input on how to make it better. Obanacare (ACA) sucks but you didn't complain about that. Be constructive, I'm a .CA.
Yet none of you are willing to propose a bill to put everyone on the same plan you're on.
Actually it hurts #allamericans #notabigwin for anyone
Sooo, win-win?
@DNC @repsandylevin @SenSchumer PLEASE you must include this in all statements. Cause & effect 800 billion tax cut for rich = DEATH for poor
This "healthcare bill" is #WelfareForTheRich
Oh it's fine. http://www.temporarilyembarrassedmillionaires.org 
Plz provide details for families of 4, with adjusted total income of 50k, would be effected. Gen statements are attacked as liberal-bias.

Next: Take "facts" & present them to ppl that I don't agree with on a # of issues & yet find ourselves in the same tribe, e.g., earnings.
And your healthcare plan is what Kamala?
People with organs
I want open HEARINGS on healthcare I want to hear from experts on bill for public to fully understand how this bill will effect all
Why can't the American people get the same coverage as the Government! That seems fair to me!
Obama care hurts everyone else $$$$
Since it's so wonderful, let's share it with Congress! Heck, why should we be the only ones to get it? Our generous Congress deserves it too
Fact about Trumpcare!
If you're 64 yrs old .. ACA national annual premium ~$4800

-Trumpcare: 64 yr old will pay $16,000 annually!!!
Single  payer  or  bust 
Glad to see provoking class warfare is still a tried and true leftist tactic. How's that working out for you?
idea: talk about your policy instead of this empty horseshit "resistance" #SinglePayer #JusticeDemocrats
Relax
And billionaires, dont forget that.
Thank u 4 speaking #Truth I'm a terminal cancer patient myself!
Also FOCUS ON HOW MANY JOBS JOBS JOBS ASSOCIATED WITH THE HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY WILL BE LOST @SenSanders
It also helps middle class working families ... remember them ?  Of course not ... and that's why you will be facing a supermajority in 2018
Veritas Senator Harris!!! Keep up the fight against the GOP!
They're political psychopaths who have so their souls to corpocracy.  Say goodbye to Democracy.
There is no such thing as "trickle down health care".
Please take note @realDonaldTrump, your minions are killing people.
That is so oversimplified, and why one's news should not be sourced from social media and sound bites! #exaggeration
All Americans will get hurt!
Voters.  It will hurt millions of VOTERS @realDonaldTrump
Everyone that voted for Trump would buy the Kirby vaccum clean that cost over a thousand dollars too! Fall for a con man Stupid assesDuh
GOP doesn't follow AM a continuation Gov,fascist senile DT white supremcst rollback mode's racist vindictive avenge
Who the Republican health care plan hurts:

Americans with disabilities
Seniors…
Will hurt me and my Vietnam Veteran husband with cancer and PTSD bigly
I've had cancer, too.  Just think how many will have pre-existing conditions & will be hit hard by this bill.  #KillTheBill No #AHCA

Now we find out it will end 4 million with employer based Health care.
Terrible bill. Let ACA die on its own. Its unsustainable and the American people hate it.
Taking care of #1 percent
Don't forget, it also helps billionaires and zillionaires.

Pregnant women, births, preemies, hospitals and clinics, schools that adapt to help educate kids with disabilities ...
Why not call it Trumpcare?? We allowed the @GOP to transform the AHCA to a false label but we're taking the high road?
How, exactly?
Also hurts sandwich gen who helpout caring elderly, children, grandkids. #SinglePayer helps family flexibility when caring for sick member.
Rethink and evolve on #SinglePayer You are NOT tarnishing ACA & Obama legacy. You are solving a national health crisis affecting everyone!
Republican agenda. Republican priorities.
This plan is crazy
Seems pretty straightforward to me. And yet they are willing to do this to get to tax bill. To just say they did it. #2018Baby Votes talk
It's a tax cut bill disguised as a (terrible) health care bill... Trump is screwing the entirety of the voter base that put him in office.
Anyone who ever gets any illness that may be expensive to treat, as annual and lifetime caps are being removed, even from group plans.
Drug costs are killing our care costs. Pharma has Congress in their pocket. Please be different and work on this issue.
Here's the phone # to the senate office so you can contact your senator and say NO to this bill: (202) 224-3121.. Call call CALL y'all!
Disgusting that is now just "the American way." Apparently, if you aren't currently money, or an old white guy with money, you shldnt live
Americans with pre-existing conditions
It also hurts workers in healthcare. Lots of us. Healthcare jobs are good, middle-class jobs.
Please develop a New Democratic platform that includes center/moderate values and start setting the groundwork for 2018 mid-terms. Help Us!
And don't forget how much it hurts WOMEN...WHY can the GOP not see the link between economic stability and reproductive health care?
I hope she is gonna run for president i like her lol
I hope so too!
America became a $ democracy after Citizens United. The GOP responded to the needs of their most important supporters through their HC plan.
Time for young Dem's to govern. Sen Booker is also a great leader.
The truth. I hope it fails. I hope Congress changes hands in 2018. You better make sure the dem's are ready to govern & be unified. Plan now
Billionaires...i ask, how much is enough...is all that money making them even MORE greedy??? Uugghh
Really sweet for the top .04%
The beauty of it us, it's all GOP.  They own the entire mofo lock stock and barrel
I do NOT believe it will pass @RealDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
It's really clear. How can they actually claim it's best for America?
This insanely needs to stop
#TrumpCare 15 million Americans losing Heath coverage as early as NEXT YEAR by CBO projections That singularly enough reason to say @HellNo
If medicaid is cut to the point that seniors can't stay in nursing homes, where do they go - In the street?  Are we Calcutta now?
Don't forget billionaires in the who it helps list.
Vote no @senrobportman
This is not entirely accurate. The @GOP #HealthcareBill also helps billionaires. Let's not forget them. They don't get enough breaks.
The "cuts" your party keeps lying about are not cuts but repeals of taxes forced on us with ACA! The Democratic Party will be our demise!
Who do Dems hurt? Americans. Obamacare is a train wreck with rising premiums making it unaffordable!
Who it hurts. Rural working families. Rural. +65. Basically the #MAGA crowds.
so sad :(
We cannot let this happen!
Kam, stop them.  I believe you can. 
@GOP #BetterCare = #DeplorableCare
