That's ridiculous people are compensated on value not sex, race, religion or any other nonsensical social agenda you are pushing
... so women are only "worth" 3/4 of what men are worth? ...
I don't disagree with the senator about everything but on this one I thinks it's dishonest...I'm with her  on unfair bail for poor people.
Wth!! She's talking about valuing women in the work place. Has nothing to do with bail for crimes. And how is supporting women, dishonest
For example I work in academia every woman I work with makes exactly what I do or more...because they were educated and trained
I work in academia too and that's a lie
Read and learn
I'm not reading that. W/ the strength you think it's all a myth, I feel equally as strong that it's not. Read @BW @WSJ or @Forbes
And I'm guessing he didn't pony up for travel expenses!
Thank you Senator Harris.
This is completely inaccurate you realize it's ILLEGAL to be paid differently based on skin color or gender.
Yes, it still gets done though.
No answer?
Show me one study that looks at equal skills, experiance, hours worked where people are paid less based on skin color, gender, sexuality....
You get paid way more than average black woman because the average black woman isn't corrupt like you
Do you make the same as Rand Paul?
Madam I have seen the bleeding heart democrats trying to solve problems that have nothing to do with min wage, is all about education
People are people, woman, men, black, white, any color, equal pay. Tell em Senator
I think u should give your salary to the cause as a good faith gesture. Set an example as a public servant. Give black women what u make!
Don't like what u are getting paid. Then quit and find a better paying job. That's what I did instead of bitching. Get to work now.
Says the unaware white man.
Can I get an "Amen"!
How does your staffs salaries shape up?
https://youtu.be/fZzQ_I7ZcMg 
Equal pay for equal work. Why is this so difficult to comprehend?
https://youtu.be/WcguTxWex7A  
https://youtu.be/dEA4VIsYMjU  
https://youtu.be/UtrtzlbGXhI  
Obama had 8 yrs to fix this & failed
#MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Fake stats. Men and woman of equal qualifications make the same pay.
Puhlease Kamala let's stop stirring divisiness. The black women in my company make more than the white women. #WomensEqualPay
I want to be paid equal to LeBron James
Whats prosecution rate for Equal Pay Act violations since it's inception? Or are you conflating aggregate wages w/ equal pay for equal work?
Indian Americans make 3 times what African Americans make. We must stop overpaying those dark skin Indians.  Racist.
I can so relate, #BlackWomensEqualPay
therealreadyisequalpayforequalwork
No, not everyone deserves equal pay.  You deserve equal pay for equal work, equal time in grade, that kind of thing.  Not just everyone
They get it. It's the law.
You wont be president
yes you right so why don't I own 3 houses like you. Or maybe you should take 10 an hour like me live off that pay.

The wage gap is false and has been proved to be many times
Agreed. Fortunately there is no real pay gap unless you take no consideration for different career choices.
Means increased black women unemployment. #supplydemand
That's what happens when you try to get a GOP government to save the middle class.
Everyone needs to be paid based upon  job worth & what they actually do, Nothing more nothing less. You make more than me, Can I complain
Thank you.
Way past due!! Fergawdsake
How about all women?
Yes, considering the messes Democrats have made, they should earn no more than McDonalds line employees.
You straight up lying
Equal pay #ForAll! Women's rights are human rights. 

@NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @keithellison @TomPerez 

RU listening? Justice #ForAll!
Dear Kamala,
    Please stop making unfounded remarks regarding the .63/1.00 you know you made that shit up, cuz it sounded like a good #
This is a vestigial form/relative of slavery - viewing women as chattel, or as less valuable human creatures
We should all earn what YOU earn.
Equal pay for equal work.
"The Nordic Theory of Everything" by Anu Partanen. True indiv. freedom achieved when govt provides health, child & elder care + college ed.
And dependable infrastructure and housing.
You slept your way to where you're at #FemiNazi
Without those men, you'd be nowhere.
Especially women
Every woman is worth as much as a man if not more, we have to work harder to stand still.
Is that why there are so many female engineers? Oh wait..
If my daughter is going to get 63% salary can I pay only 63% of her college tuition?
Doesn't always work that way.Still happens especially for women. We heard incidents during HRC campaign.
Just another bot
There's no excuse why US ranks 45 in the world in gender pay equity.

http://reports.weforum.org/global-gender-gap-report-2016/rankings/ …
Same reason we are 58th in health care...Greed. Single payer now!
so white women get 77cents but black women only get 63 thats fucking awful
The awful part is that men make $1 and we make 63cents and 77 cents.
Now you know that's crazy talk LOL
Back in t/ day I managed a retail business/male ran an outside subsidiary that only made keys. I was told he was/pd more bc had fm/so did I
If a white senator excluded black women, racist. Black senator excluded white women & it's ok? #WomensEqualPay we're all under paid
She's not 'excluding' white women. You cannot advocate for everyone in every single tweet.
Franken/Harris 2020 !!
@ManuelSillas54 the minimum wage,.should be at least $15.00 dollars an hour, specially.With.the high.cost of living. Specially in california
All women also deserve health access & freedom of choice, which @TomPerez is taking away by backing anti-choice "Dems" as candidates.
YES!  In secs ago ,Sen. Kamala Harris once again your tweet ((notification) , I was answering a tweet to Congresswoman Eleanor Norton
Chelsea Clinton has also posted on TWITTER #BlackWomenEqualPay, related to you as well. Again I know your back in Washington, D.C. THINKING
Corporate welfare (subsidies) destroy small business not a livable wage
Small biz is defined as 500 or less employees 
Small biz shld b defined <50 
That would dramatically change the dynamics and applicable laws
That's not a living wage issue that's Corporatocracy
I wish you well
It ain't no picnic
Yes I agree,  clearly shows inequality still exist in this country! Reason why other countries get along well with a diverse of people!
I agree. You do the work then you should get paid for the job you did. Whether your a woman or a man equal pay is the right thing to do.
Please think about a run for the Oval....I would vote for you, and I'm sure I'm not alone.
They also deserve more the 7.50 and hour nobody can live on that
