You find Putin connections impressive? @SenBobCorker
.@ProgressOutlook @SenBobCorker /Well Sen. When are you going to start the investigation into Russia hacking into our government? Very soon?
All this talk about Russians hacking in to our voting is pure faux news & a Dem distraction .
.@SCSOCAL <<@ProgressOutlook @SenBobCorker /I didn't say hacking in to our voting...I said govt.  Do I you know something the CIA does not?
.@SenBobCorker /Impressive?  With ties to Russia?  Are you crazy?  This man should NEVER be SOS with the ties think the govt that hacked us!
Lis is a paid Dem blogger. No facts just rhetoric and faux news.
.@SCSOCAL  << Sorry scsocal......really it is none of your business.  I can say what I feel like to my senator.  Go talk to year own!
Develop some spine. Tillerson is a terrible choice and you know it.
jews for themselves the history of the world draw ...
Indeed a former or maybe a still member of the #KGB loves him so much #unpatriotic #sellingthenation4oil
Pick a side, @SenBobCorker.
.@SenBobCorker is the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, a position he is clearly unqualified to hold.
Say someone form the peanut gallery. No fact or proof Russia hacked us. We did interfere with Israeli elections.
Any other issues you wanna pull from left field? Or is this enough to avoid Tillerson's obvious conflict of interest?
You cannot be serious. Please demand further investigations of Russia's role in the Presidential election. Be a patriot.
There has been no proof Russia hacked our elections. Just Dem faux news. We did interfere with Irael elections.
Impressive ties to Putin. Is that what you admire?
@realDonaldTrump Yes, impressive indeed!
Kind sir, as a TN taxpayer, I ask you to please research this further. Does it mean Russia will run our country come 1/20/17?
as the granddaughter, wife of TN Vets, this is not how a true TN Vol deals with a Russia threat.
Are you serious? How about someone with real experience in foreign affairs. Mr Cohen of Maine
If it is Tillerson, he is also working for/with Putin. Treason!
doesn't he have a Medal of Honor from Putin? Are you a Patriot? No patriot would refuse to investigate Russia.  @WalshFreedom
As a Tennessean, I hope you will do the right thing, Tillerson should not be confirmed. Russian interests are concerning.
@ScottMcConnell9 Translation: Exxon is a big contributor of mine!
is that all u can say as a senator? Or are u just as blind as your views on the Iran deal? BS
Rex reminds me : Exxon Valdez spill, & Putin, dictator bombed hospitals kills children in Allepo.  The photos remain seared.
Please RENOUNCE Trump & oppose his Inauguration! Clear threat to Republic. You are sworn to protect USA from enemies within !
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
Why don't you just get it???
Yeah correct he is pretty impressive BUT on the WRONG side of things! We need to leave fossil fuels in the ground to survive!
could we not find a qualified person NOT affiliated with Russia? The Cabinet looks a little Russian
no he's not ,Russia ,put our country first ,never Russia First- you're 1 of my Sens ,don't drink the

@JerryMorton Bob, people critizing, no political experiance. He has more political exp than half of cap hill. stupid is stupid
He's an anti-American, pro-Russian pick that, in conjunction with Trump as a puppet, will be extremely dangerous.
So you and Putin are like-minded on this one.  Got it.  Thanks for clarifying that.
With direct conflict of interest issues with Russia.
Excuse me for saying this, but Tillerson is not about USA, he's about money.
Even if it isn't Rex Tillerson, he is an impressive person, no?
You and I are impressed by very different qualities.
Is it impressive that Putin and he are best friends?
We know Putin is very impressed, even gave him an award. #FromRussiaWithLove
impressive at State? Only if you're pro-Putin
an impressive pick if you want to lose leverage against Russia, think of Ukraine. Why not a career diplomat instead?
Tiller's great at lining his pockets & Putins w/ Russian deals. What are you doing about foreign gov hacking our election @SenBobCorker
thank you senator for investigating election hack
agreed!
Oh yeah, if you disregard the OVERWHELMING  fact he's a putin puppet. But, hey, so is trump. More the merrier, eh comrade?
There will be an investigation Mr. Corker.
we see you Bob. We see you.
if you believe that then, sir, you are a doofus.
.@SenBobCorker Says the man who yesterday singlehandedly enabled Trump to remove U.S. sanctions against Russia & scrap Crimea nonrecognition
so as Chair of the Foreign Relations Committee you condone our foreign policy to be led by a guy with deep ties to Putin?
Oh?  WTH? Reagan would be disgusted by you.
Tell ur asst to help with your tweets. They make look like an ass.
he's a Russian lover and Putin ass kisser. Do ur job and investigate the hacking of our election. Anybody but Trump!!
'Tis Pravda!!!
Putin thought so too.
At least Rex Tillerson didn't make it possible for Iran to get nukes.
disappointing comment bob- you know better
we hope @realDonaldTrump does not make the mistake of allowing John Bolton in gov cc @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
Makes perfect sense. After all, shaping the foreign policy of the U.S. is just like running an oil company.

How do you feel about Donald Trump selecting Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State? #TrumpCabinet #NeverRomney #ArmyNavyGameDay
Resign already you sellout. You put Israel and the USA in danger by selling out on Iran treaty. #stupid&feckless
Impressive?? Is your belly full of Russian vodka?
are you concerned Tillerson's ties to Putin ? What are your thoughts in the Russians interfering with Our Election for Trump
Wow. That's your comment? Do better, sir.
I thought you were supposed to be tough on Putin? Or are you just Trump's lapdog now?
You are full of sh*t @SenBobCorker.
He's a Putin friend & ally as is Trump. What is GOP doing 2 protect America & our democracy from Trumps clear&present threat?
Your motto must be "Never bite the hand that feeds you."
You’re pretty gutless.
We see you Corker:
Your siding with this Russian coup will come back to haunt you when your seat is on the block.
you're an adorable hack, Bobby.
he is working with Russia ASSHOLE
which makes u an agent of Russia too
Perhaps you should untuck those balls Bob.
for an OIL exec and climate change denier: Not Our Sec of State. Not more crony capitalism. Not our govt. part of Trump Inc.
Nah.
his interests are diametrically opposed to US interests
I guess you don't care the Russians have taken over America
you're best qualified for this job. You know what it takes to be a great SOS. If not you, fight for someone better than Rex!
party before country, eh?
Get out while you still have some dignity left, Bob.
looking forward to Trump getting into office..because when he goes down he'll take the #republican party down with it 
Putin shares your opinion.
possible Russian mole at Sec of State, very impressive and A-OK with him. You guys have no shame.
I'll remember that Mr Corker when gas doubles in price..no gas tax hike for you..#deplorable
yeah okk,oligarchs taking over the U.S.Government. .hope who voted grump are happy ,BERNUE WAS RIGHT
country over party and USA over Russia, Senator?
oh big words bob, we should all listen to your mighty wisdom
yeah, you also find a pussy-grabbing, tangerine con artist "impressive"
these comments are impressive-Most Americans aren't comfortable w Trump's agenda &  sketchy appointments #FillingTheSwamp
so you're siding with Russia over America. Disgraceful.
if by impressive you mean wow! Putin is your buddy!
Just don't. Show some pride, man. You're better than this
Yeah, the Russians love him. Good job getting him appointed Putin . . I mean @realDonaldTrump  #Sheesh #WakeUpAmerica
Guess it's political hack, not patriot, for you.
No Sir, he is not.
senator, I urge you to vote against his confirmation and encourage Trump to make a selection without toes to hostile gov.
How much did you get when you sold your soul to the devil?
Does "impressive" qualify him to be Sec of State? Are you concerned about his and PEOTUS connections to Putin?
Nothing like telegraphing your vote on a Soviet lackey, Senator.
guy that got medal of friendship from putin 4 years ago = impressive... cmon, senator...
Traitor.
This is really getting ridiculous! Your party needs to stop the bullshit!!
Say with certainty yes or no, not some wishy-washy bullshit like this. Now is your time to be Republican or American...choose.
.@SenBobCorker I got you a new flag for your office, Senator.
Da comrade.
Putin got his guy.
@JoePerticone bahhahaha
Russia declares war on our electoral process and this is you when Trump nominates Putin's pal.
@MicahTNDC
His ties to Russia are especially impressive and suspicious given what we know about #russianhacking
@blakehounshell Petro-state Senator blesses Petro corporation CEO friend of Russian Petro-monarch.
How embarrassing you are.

THIS is what you have to say given all the Russian intervention intel coming out now?
he is  putin puppet
@margbrennan @SenBobCorker he (Tillerson) breaks the word of the company he keeps
Bob -  you probably should drop out
this man is from the same company which intentionally hid climate change and environmental impact due to oil drilling. #SMH

You got your man. Na Zdarovya!
Are you freaking kidding me?How do you consciously support this shit show? http://Stop.Now ! This is my country too!
He's supported the Trump shot-show from the start. Cannot wait until his seat is on deck.
You Can Not be Serious... ?!?
.@SenBobCorker And Putin agrees. So there's that. A plus?
Bob, don't you want someone with foreign policy experience to be the nation's top diplomat? @SenBobCorker
Considering the hateful, racist campaign you ran against Harold Ford Jr., I'm not surprised you'd be impressed by scum.
The irony in this tweet was intentional Senator?
Its an honor to have you as our Senator in Tennessee sir.
His intimate ties to Putin and financial interest in Russia can impress anyone.
"a very impressive individual," @SenBobCorker ? that's all you have to say about Tillerson?
Corker is such a disappointment. Thought he was man of integrity. I was wrong.
hes has ties to Russia you know this senator. come on man
