Your thoughts and prayers are spit in the victims' faces, as long as you continue to vote against assault weapon bans. @SenBobCorker
If you've got a point to make, go ahead and make it.
.@DamnPatriot Cool, guns that can murder entire classrooms come in all shapes and sizes. I'll keep that in mind.
.@DamnPatriot I'm sorry, did I not make myself clear? Ahem *raises bullhorn* FUCK YOUR GUNS
Conservatives are the nicest and smartest people.
I'm not a Conservative.
Could you maybe vote to stop it instead? Praying is easy, action is harder, but has more value.
What exactly are you sad about? You have blood on your hands from your #NRA money.
coming from a voter of the party covered in Islamic blood money... @Stiljustme @SenBobCorker
How funny coming from the party of Christian, white supremacist terrorists with the blood of children on their hands
Your prayers don't mean anything when you vote against actual gun control measures.
prayers aren't enough. Do something! #DisarmHate
Please let your sadness inspire you to do something to prevent gun violence. Anything. #DisarmHate
are you @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain & @GOP wiping your tears with #NRABloodMoney ? #DoYourJob #StopTheNRA
nobody wants your prayers. Join the #filibuster and take some action
Pray all you want, it's action that matters. You were one of 50 Senators who voted against laws that could have prevented this
Prayers can only do so much.Effective change starts with policy. These deaths were preventable. Vote yea for stricter gun laws
Use your seat of power to do more than praying. You're supposed to be the person we rely on for people to hear our voices.
Voting against regulations is voting for more mass shootings to occur.
Sadness isn't enough. Why haven't you voted to ban anyone, but especially those on the terror watch list, from buying ARs?
Do. Something.
but what will you do to stop gun violence? Thoughts and prayers are appreciated but we need action
now can we have some gun control?
Do something about assault weapons and mental  health care!
Enough of your hypocritical "prayers."  You have blood on your hands.
You voted against allowing gun sales to terrorists and you have the gall to say you're paying for the victims?
Glad you are saddened, however, you voted against a ban on assault rifles. The shooter legally obtained one. Please, rethink.
Empty words from you until you decide to DO SOMETHING about passing sensible gun control laws!
Honor the victims with common sense legislation on AR-15s so you're not just praying for another group of victims next time.
You allowed it to happen. Pray for yourself.
Don't pray you hypocrite! Blood is on your hands! Pass gun control laws!
Common sense gun laws might prevent this type of thing. But only if you stop grabbing your ankles for the NRA.
Your inaction led to these deaths.  #DoYourJob #GunSenseVoter #MassMurderer
Keep an eye people who have been questioned as terrorists
Also background checks
Now that you prayed for the family, how writing laws that will research gun violence.
but isn't this kind of your fault considering you voted NO to blocking people on terror watchlist from buying firearms?
Rings hollow after voting against background checks #GunSense #PublicHealth DO something! 85% of TN want background checks!
a bus crash is a tragedy. This was murder, dumbass. Wake the &@$% up!
Yet you didn't lift a finger to stop it. Weighted down by that @NRA blood money, perchance? #lawsnotprayers #DoYourJob
.@SenBobCorker Did the $5,929 you got of #NRABloodMoney make you feel good about the 53 people you helped kill? You're a cut rate assassin.
Pray all you want Bob.  God thinks you are stupid for not DOING something about mass shootings.  It's not rocket science.
OK, let's see some common sense action to stop letting citizens have access to assault weapons.  Pls finally stand up to NRA!
Yet just last Dec you voted against a bill that would deny terrorists gun ownership. Keep your empty words Asshat!
.@SenBobCorker God's heard enough "thoughts & prayers" - it's time to ban assault rifles & hi-capacity clips! Stand up to the #NRA for us!
your job is to pass legislation. What are you waiting on?
.@SenBobCorker when will you be returning the check from the NRA?
Please delete your "thoughts and prayers" response from your database. I can't imagine more hollow and useless words.
Why did you vote against background checks after #SandyHook? #VoteThemOut
and the world prays you'll make stricter gun laws to prevent these tragedies.
Trump is right, don't let the left blame everyone except radical Islam. They have lied long enough!
a real tragedy!
Hypocrite. I hope you get voted out of office as a menace to public health.
You voted against the 2013 assault weapons ban for $6000. Your prayers are not being heard today.
words are nice sir, but once again what are you going to do about it? Are you sir afraid of the #NRA & want #NRABloodMoney?
.@SenBobCorker Prayers are easy. When will you what is hard, but right, and say #NotOneMore? Stand up to #NRA. You have a choice. #Enough
.@SenBobCorker, your previous prayers have yet to put an end to gun violence. How about some sensible gun control?
Saddened by the tragedy that occurred overnight in Orlando. Praying for the victims, their families, and our dedicated first responders.
- give the NRA back their $ and wipe the blood off YOUR hands.
Disappointed by your lack of action to stop this kind of terrorism. Tennessee can do better.
.@SenBobCorker  Please prayerfully consider what you can do. The lives you represent should be worth more than the money you receive.
say it! "Gays and lesbians were murdered"!  Say it, or admit to your cowardice
You're a hypocrite who voted against a bill to limit terrorist access to guns.  NRA blood money bought you.
Obviously your prayers are empty and worthless as is your "public service".
Almost $6000 from the NRA & a vote against tighter gun control makes you partially responsible. Mend your ways.
Thanks for that prayer thing. If that was a real solution, we wouldn't have this problem.
Could you fucking pass a bill? Oh wait, you get money from murder-enablers
you hypocrite you took plenty of $$$ over the years and voted the way @NRA wanted you to. Don't ever run into me on the street
HYPOCRISY!!!
Your 'prayers' R meaningless.You took $5929 from the NRA.You're paid to pass legislation.#StopGunViolence #Pulse
send the victims your NRA blood money do the Americans want pass gun control NOW #EndGunViolence #ENOUGH
saddened? Do something!!
how 'bout you give back that $$ to the NRA an DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Your thoughts and prayers are meaningless. DO SOMETHING!!
@WSMV While tragic, calling it terrorism would be more accurate.
@WSMV please tell your covert Donald Trump that this is how you react to such a horrific tragedy
@WSMV stop taking the NRA $ we all know your family has millions. Take real stand against terrorists access to assault rifles
your thoughts and prayers ring hollow when you take NO action to prevent it from happening again.
YOU are the problem. Your prayers work about as much as you taking bribes from the NRA. DO SOMETHING.
You are the worst type of Hypocrite. I hope the NRA kickbacks were worth it. I am a registered voter in TN, and wont forget.
you got 6k from @nra. That's only $120/gay. How's that make you feel? May you live with the guilt until it consumes you!
You wanna help? Pledge you’ll stop taking money from the NRA.
Save your prayers. Stop taking the #NRA's money & help prevent this from happening, please.
oh wow. Look at you suddenly concerned for the lgbt community? Save your prayers.
Prayers are for the powerless.  How about ditching the NRA and agree to sensible gun control?  Blood is on your hands.
https://youtu.be/1FLGEr1zJYo?t=45s …
Just read how much money you took from NRA. What will you do about control on assault weapons?
.@SenBobCorker Your prayers aren't helping. Instead of praying to God, why not listen? #GunsHurtPeople #GodsTryinToTellYouSomething
how about you try to act on some gun control now? Your prayers and thoughts aren't fixing this problem. You need to act!
Your prayers are impressive. I'll bet you even skipped brunch today
Will you return your NRA donation and support gun control legislation NOW?
they'll use cars bombs knives machetes planes! Only 4 assault weapon ban! Otherwise not addressing Radical Islam
Your prayers are not enough.
that NRA money making it easy to wipe those tears away?
sad? So hypocritical. Take  $ from NRA then vote against gun safety. I'd call that bribery.
the blood is on your hands
Keep praying while people die.
Stop lying.
you are a fucking US Senator. We expect a LOT more than just "thoughts and prayers". Get off the NRA payroll.
Ur prayers are empty. Stop taking money from the NRA and pass real gun reform now!  #enough
Did you vote that people on the terrorist watch list should be able to buy guns?
stop praying!!! do something!! you have the power to end violence with gun control!! praying does nothing!!
Save it. Insincere. Do something. Sorry-that's too much like right.
hypocrite!
their lives are on YOUR head. How does that make you feel? Gun control now. #guncontrolnow
no you aren't. You don't fucking care about the fact that so many queer teenagers are murdered or kill themselves because of
that's all you can say...? At least we know you feel "sad."
Prayers aren't enough. What are you actually going to do to stop these things from happening? #gunsense
you only got $5000 from the @NRA? Your friends got more.
You should ask for a raise before the next mass shooting.
pray for yourself hypocrite phoney enabler
You phoney..excepted money from NRA..may u not ever sleep at night
Was shooter on a terrorist watch list? May make difference if GOP hadn't blocked bill against these folks obtaining guns.
Folks... gun laws are not the answer. France has the strictest gun laws in the world. 120 dead in Paris. Kidding yourself. -VJ
.@SenBobCorker how about you do something instead of pray and tweet and accept money from the NRA
so you're going to do something meaningful about this, right?
@Italians4Trump : yes agree. Then back/ vote for Trump. He is for American interests not propaganda PC racist talk
please pass common sense gun regulations supported by majority of Americans to end gun violence epidemic.
.@SenBobCorker @Italians4Trump Yes we are but did you notice Hilly's tweet. SHE ISN'T praying, she's waiting 4 more information.
Senator, you need to think about what people are telling you in the replies to your statement. Perhaps it's time to do better.
so.... Ban the guns? Yes?
blood on your hands
Keep your prayers hypocrite. The NRA made it possible for people on watch lists to still buy weapons.
Your prayers are appreciated. Reasonable gun control legislation would also be appreciated.
we are all saddened, yet our fair city allows open carry at the Riverbend festival. Which means many people won't go spend $.
Thoughts and prayers?Really?No,This is up to us.Whoever you're praying to has sufficiently proven not to give a shit about us.
$6K from NRA. How much would it cost to buy your vote for sensible gun laws that would save lives? #gunsense
.@SenBobCorker As one of your constituents, I DEMAND that you do something about this. Enact common sense gun laws!!
"...the NRA has given Corker $77,468 in donations and political support over the last 10 years" - Yeah.  Real saddened.
Your prayers are worthless. You and your party are pro-massacre. Carry NRA water, you're complicit.
Also, Sir, thoughts and prayers can't make our country safer. You have the privilege of being able to do that. Please do.
Shame on you.
Sir, "thoughts and prayers" are useless when you continue to accept money from the NRA.
faith without action is dead. Try to take some action.
operation nra freedom
So? What are you going to do about it?
Start with donating that $5,929 you got from the NRA to the people of Orlando, or to youth clubs, or LGBT awareness causes.
blood on your hands. Blood on YOUR hands. How do you feel?
when someone you love is riveted with bullets, you'll change your NRA mind.
Prayers don't stop violence; they merely pass the buck onto an unaccountable mythic being that can't be questioned. Act.
please pray for the courage for you and congress to stand up to the NRA and pass a common sense ban on assault rifles
Gun control then pray for victims Gun control then pray for victims Gun control then pray for victims
YOU TAKE $ hush money !!!!!#bloodonyourhands
How about you actually enact legislation that will curb this type of thing?
DO SOMETHING!!
"Tragedy" sounds like a euphamism.  Call it what it is, a "massacre" or "mass murder."
idea: ban assault weapons.  Last night's episode demonstrates their ONLY function.
#thebloodisonyourhands you make me sick
