TN is ranked #45 for average income. What you just cheered is taking away overtime pay from the average Tennessean.
In perspective: It takes the average income Tennesseean *5 years*of full time work to earn as much as (1)20 minute GS speech
Why in the world do people keep electing you?
New to TN myself. Let me know how to help! 
.@SenBobCorker #3D #SciFi movie: 'A New #Christian Genre' Support >   http://www.braverymovie.com  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HBk8YHq0ec …      #GivingTuesday
ya boy is now goon after republicans. Regular ones. Watch out
Depriving workers adequate compensation is a form of slavery.  Congrats Master Corker on your victory over human dignity.
are they going to hire more folks now....I think not.
How is this a win ? It's blocking the ability of low wage managers Etc. To get fair pay for fair work. Called overtime. Bad.
Small business my profit but once again their employees do not! Reality   !
.@SenBobCorker Why are you so happy about taking money away from working men and women? #hypocrite
@GOP is operating as usual. Screwing working people while helping folks with money & lying that it's all abt small biz.
and a terrible loss for the working poor!!!
Congressman, would you kindly explain why this is a good thing or point me to a resource explaining.
.@SenBobCorker The working class makes up a large portion of your constituency. Or are they not the Tennesseans you're referring to?
I hate this guy and I only read three of his tweets... Ha.
but not the employees of those businesses. What does the Senator care about more? Business or workers. His tweet says it all!
Bob's worth millions. Paying his workers overtime back in the day would eat into his fortune.
.@SenBobCorker net worth = $45,475,031

He's 
cheering…
But not for workers. Some of them probably voted for you, but they didn't contribute enough $$ to your campaign, did they.
What about businesses paying salaried employees 26k & then pressuring them to work 75 hrs a week. I've seen it.
SHAME ON YOU!!! YOU CALL YOURSELF A CHRISTIAN? WE KNOW WHAT JESUS WOULD DO & IT ISN'T CONGRATULATE THE MONEY LENDERS (CORPS.)
, except if your business can't function unless your employees work overtime, maybe you shouldn't be in business.
-Cheering a pay cut - way to go Bob. Is it to early in the season to call you Scrooge? #resist
you are supposed to work for all Tennesseeans, not only those who make above a certain pay grade
taking food from the mouths of the most needy Tennesseans is #NotAVictory. It's #shameful.
And a slap in the face of those who work their buts off and don't get paid for it. Shame on you..so much for the working class
How is not getting paid overtime a victory for Tennessean's? Only a victory for you. The people get screwed again.
This is classic Republican. Who cares about working people? Why do we have to pay them at all?
So people say Dems are out of touch with the real world? This guy worths $40-plus million and celebrates screwing over workers
How ironic that your cover photo is "end slavery initiative".
id think opposite knowing income round here..
Your colors are showing..
not so much for workers trying to make a living.
net worth = $45,475,031

He's 
cheering 
that 290,000 Tennesseans earning less than $47,476 won't get paid overtime
good you support hurting millons of Americans you're a disgrace and embarrassment to America

Another letdown from @SenBobCorker. No comment on Bannon appt. Throwing a Sewanee prof under bus. Now screwing workers. #vote-him-out-2018
today's slaves don't wear chains, they have debt for that.
-shameful.
We the workers of Tennessee will show you how pleased we are about it when you are up for re-election.
Please help me understand the "huge victory " for your people?
For the RICH. Those workers who NEED OT are being royally screwed. But whatevs, right Corky?
Fed Reserve of St. Louis tracks. Hope you use data to test efficacy. Otherwise it's your legacy.
no its not.  Its the way you rich bastards keep down the working class.
Bob. I live in TN. This is shameful. You know middle class is struggling. So let's see if unemployment actually goes down. No
unless you are one who needs the money!!
A bold claim, coming 2 weeks after people elected a unqualified twit because the economy wasn't working for them
lots of drama in these comments, haha wow! Love ya senator but this law should really be kept in tact.
Very ignorant comments
@WilliamLamberth a "huge victory", unless you make less than $47k a year. A champion of the middle class, this guy.
Of course a Senator knows nothing about working OT because he's almost never at work.
We see through your bullshit. Call it like it is. Screw the workers.
What about the worker, Bob?
it's so great that employers don't have to pay their workers fairly! Screw those people, right?
I hope you're eaten alive slowly by wild birds.
POTUS can't dictate so I like that part.
But over 8hrs/wk or 40 hrs/wk should be overtime. Regardless of amount.
Oh yes! Let's go back to the slack rules that let co's get away without paying people for working >40 hours. Good Republican!
Bob Corker, you are #SMUG & #ENTITLED Workers deserve to be paid #OVERTIME Workers are people too!
I’m surprised you didn’t wait for Christmas to express your glee over screwing your constituents. #scrooge
especially your greedy rich owners, you know the ones who bribe you
You're worth $45 million. What do you know about the working class? Will you help me buy Christmas presents for my family?
I am a TN constituent and I am appalled at your glee over this ruling that puts corporations' profits ahead of workers' lives.
Please explain why this is a good thing.
Every single worker in your constituency knows how full of crap you are as they suddenly aren;t being fairly compensated.
Disgusting. When you give people that are struggling money, they spend it. Enjoy your millionare tax breaks.
Yes, it's so great that because you are a (R) that you shut down a great thing that a (D) did to help people.
This is why you shouldn't vote GOP if you are not wealthy. These gutless politicians do NOT care about the working class.
There are more Democrat millionaires in government than GOP
And yet they aren't the ones fighting against workers rights.
As a worker you have rights, go find another job.
Well done. Playing right into their hands.
No it isn't a huge win for small budinesses. Stop lying. It's a huge win for Walmart & the other corporations who own you.
I'm looking forward to working over 40 hours a week for no additional compensation.
so you're happy about stealing wages from low and middle class employees? You're disgusting
this is Trump's America after all.  They are just making America "great" again.  (Sarcasm)
you're a disgusting person. Huge victory for keeping people slaves the corporations
awful for so many.  Shame!
Why is it SO HORRIBLE for businesses to have to pay the people who work for them???
