What about his yearbook quote about willfully doing "the illegal and "unconstitutional"? I am very alarmed. #Gorsuch
Jack-if you have a link I'd be glad to read it.  Last I read, it was true. The source even posted xtra pics.
Dude. No need to be rude.  The Fascism Club is a joke. The yearbook quote is legit.
Why wasn't Judge Garland given a hearing?
if you truly believed in upholding the Constitution you would have pushed for a hearing for Garland
your complacency and ability to fall in line is disheartening. I've been trying to call and get in touch all day long.
He does have nice workers in Memphis! He has to address this "Facism Forever" club Neil started!
Trump Supreme Court Nominee Neil Gorsuch. Fascism Forever Club, Founder & President. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/amp/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-called-Fascism-Forever.html … 
omg this is ridiculous -_-
you can say that again 
First give the seat to #MerrickGarland then later maybe Gorsuch. Amnesia has struck a lot of Republicans! #resist
it's only fair that we hold all nominations given the fact that over 60% of Americans disagree with this administration
@SenateGOP upholding the Constitution? Like your insane Tweeter in Chief is doing?
this grid lock the democrsts are producing is awuful!  Such babies!
Address the "Facism Forever" club he started in DC. That's an immediate NO vote.
Trump Supreme Court Nominee Neil Gorsuch. Fascism Forever Club, Founder & President. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/amp/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-called-Fascism-Forever.html … 
Ask Gorsuch about precedents already set. If he will un-do precedent already set by Supreme Court, don't confirm him!
vote No for DeVos
Just like Merrick Garland!
Merrick Garland should be on the Supreme Court. There should be no vacancy. What your Senate did to Garland is unforgiveable.
So was Merritt Garland! GOP stole this seat!
Garland is also a well-respected jurist who understands the importance of upholding the Constitution. Shame on you.
unlike the GOP senate, the president and his cabinet #StolenSeat #EmolumentsClause
@SenateGOP Yea but Merrick Garland
#STOLEN Seat
Get to him right after we get to Merrick Garland xoxoxo
Any Sen. Who votes yes in 2006 and is saying No now is a LIAR and a HIPOCRITE & isn't fit to be a Sen.
nazi
Emperor FRAUD: 'Bitchboy McCuntall, break govt even more than we already have for the glory & honor of Putin.'
tell me if Hobby Lobby's insurance paid for Viagra #SCOTUS #discrimination?
Sir U need to talk your DEM peers in the senate and move us toward a true bipartisan working govt. we want this!
@SenateGOP they should do the same here or pay the consequences in midterm election
@SenateGOP Great! Let's start with the Emoluments clause!
@SenateGOP 
Merrick Garland.
Seems like @SenateGOP thought Garland was OK way back when. From Merrick Garland's Wikipedia bio:
It's a shame that #MerrickGarland wasn't given the same respect and consideration even if the vote had failed.
hey did you notice the Elephant? It is literally in the room with you. Really? Hmm. You don't see it eh. K.,,   WOW
Merrick Garland was also a "well-respected jurist" but I didn't see a lot of @SenateGOP traction for him. Pot-Kettle much?
@SenateGOP Corporations are not people
good job senetor
@SenateGOP   Merrick Garland. Who much respect did you give him?
so was Garland and what did you do to ensure him a vote
Judge Gorsuch is an excellent choice
History will not remember you fondly. You have the chance to be a voice of reason and you're choosing the path of a stooge
Re-election time will be here sooner than you know. Don't get too comfortable there.
Women are Sick of MALE Judges who Grab & Seek Religious Legislature Control of Female bodies. No Trump Policy. #mybodynotyours
Your blind support for this regime is appalling.  I wonder, is spinal deficiency a pre-existing condition?
You and all other Republicans refused Merrick Garland an up or down. I hope the Democrats give your nominee the same courtesy.
Garland, Sir.  You should have done your job in 2016. I'll remember that in 2018.
Bobbie your past belies you http://messages.You  do know your done in Tennessee don't you.
have you fired any of your staffers who secretly ,worked with the WH behind your back? #MuslimBan
#Garland
full support senator! Full steam ahead.
Did you get to know Merrick Garland? Would love to hear your thoughts on him first.
you should've called for a vote on Garland, choosing party over country seems the norm for you, so disappointing
Merrick Garland was also a well-respected jurist.
Gorsuch is an American. Globalists are not by definition.
be consistent, block this nominee as you did Garland, 2018 is right around the corner. You already ignored regarding Devoss
This is an extremist choice.
Hope you follow Exxon, drilling rights size of Wyoming, sanctions, and Trump's appointments. @davidaxelrod @jonfavs @POTUS44
the ball's in your court now.  Make it happen Senator.
#1 you aren't a woman and #2 you favor big business - duh!
History will remember you on the wrong side. Your future generations will be ashamed of you. Bye bye in 2018!
thank you, Senator 
I think we should follow the advice of the republican senators and wait until after the election for the NEXT PRESIDENT
in a repeat of your position on Merrick Garland, I respectfully request you pledge to filibuster this nomination.
No on Devos.  No on Sessions. SPEAK OUT against the #MuslimBan. Do better. We're all watching.
No No No
I agree wholeheartedly, and I was pleased to meet you at the elevator at Washington Square last night with Sen. Menendez
fall right in line, and we'll vote you out. It's not too late, but you choose party over people every time. Prove me wrong.
After not even having a hearing for Garland, there should be no hearing for Gorsuch either.
74 million people voted against Donald Trump, 92 million voted NO CONFIDENCE not voting. All of a sudden the masses are woke.
A well-respected person to watch the year-long vacancy turn into a years-long vacancy.
so @POTUS imposes a Muslim Ban of 7 countries when the US 1st Amendment doesn't allow discrimination based on religion
Are they American citizens? No they are not . So I dont believe our Constitution covers them.
Nope, try again.
THANK YOU I KNOW YOU WILL WORK HARD TO SEE HER IS CONFIRMED
Merrick Garland should be in this spot.
You're the extremist tool of a demented tyrant, Senator.  Your loyalty to their cause will look very bad in the history books.
get those statements out while you can... #election2018 is around the corner and your days in @SenateGOP are numbered. #resist
2018!! New faces! #resist!
