You really are a shameful POS.Lied-to-get-Elected as a Republican-yet you push the legislation of America-Hating, Radical Marxist Democrats
If Bob Corker had any decency he would resign immediatelyThere is nothing worse than the putrid stench of a Rep. disrespecting our President
What has he done to earn our respect. Not my president, and never will be.
Given you're an America-Hating Marxist,who despises our system,way of life & history.I pray that he Never Does Anything to earn your respect
No danger of that ha.ppening
We obviously disagree-But why do you have no problem supporting Leftist Policies Dems enact,But hate the exact policy & Repb who enact them?
Havent seen that happen. I dont understand how a person like Trump could be elected to the office of president. He is a biggot, a liar  and
He's is trying to take us back in time. We must go forward. Stop alienating everyone in the world. I dont like what he stands for.
Budget destroys R.Reagan's protection of fed LE retirees. GOP uses his name when it benefits them. Be more Reagan and respect LE officers.
Reagan was another loser. Tax cuts. The he had to eat his words and raise taxes.
Reagan disallowed Railroad workers to draw both SS and pension together. Dad's partial pension was $10 more than SS. Paid SS for nothing.
How old is your dad?
He passed away in 2003 at age 76. His Railroad work was in the 50's and 60's.
Im sorry that happened.
Where is the bill on stopping the pain inflicted on unborn babies?  Stop being a coward and pass this humane bill. They have no choices.
Get out of american bedrooms. It's not your body and not you're choice.
My name is Bobby.  I'm a YUGE supporter of Trump and Tax Cuts for the Rich.

Who cares if #PuertoRico is dying and begging for water.   We'll keep getting rid of American Gov Jobs to pay for 45's weekly  trip and our Millionaires flying Private Chartered .
45 is Not taking a salarylike your 44 Did and still is for life. Michele flew private charter many times to France, Italy etc to Vacation
Typical #TrumpTroll Lying.

45 takes a FULL salary, donates it each quarter and then uses it as a Tax Write-off.

FACTS Matter.
#TrumpRussia
44 Took Salary then and still does and Donates None of that Salary. Stick with a Your Antifa Friends aka Democrat Goons who break windows
Burn cars, Block Traffic, Attack Free Speech, Attack Women, oh loot businesses they break windows at, say whites must die, incite violence
Carry LoveTrumpHates Signs While They Say Kill People, Destroy Any Property or Object You Don't Like, Wear Mask Cause Intend 2 break laws
Are Thugs of Violence, Law Breakers Immature Brats Who still live in Mommys Basement Who do Not Work Reason they Can Riot All Day & Night
Thanks from Knoxville.Millions of Americans are extremely scared of so many of Trumps rolling back our country 100 yrs and his racism. Help?
We stand behind the Real American..Trump!!
Corker...you had failed all these years so time for you to get out and let the Trump adm take over! Get out!
Thank you, Senator!  We appreciate you more than you know. 
@SenBobCorker perhaps it is time for you to retire and go away! You are hack with no original ideas
U are a joke! So glad ur retiring We don’t need jealous Senators that care more about their personal opinion then We The people #disgrace
No more bs bills from you anymore. Americans want real American senators. Most of u have lost touch with True American values
Just leave.

Remove 45 Admin-treason,danger nukes, inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying stolen election #nullify2016
Support our president he was voted in by the people you know the ones you're supposed to be working for.
It's sad that everyone Trump hates I like    ...even if they are far right. CUBAN 2020 or anyone other than Trump.
Good luck with that
it's a shame you HAVE DOWN NOTHING!! don't put this on president Trump it's on you.
You signed off on the nuclearazation of a know terrorist nation. That's called HIGH TREASON. Deny that traitor!!!
Has @POTUS signed sanctions against Russia for hacking American election ?
strong #Libs thank u 4 saving & standing up 4 #USA against mentally unstable trump. @GOP taking us 2 #war & all sh #StandUp NOW. #GopLosers
WHAT A BUNCH OF BULLSHIT

Your involvement in the Iran deal is disgraceful and un-American! #MAGA
I am amazed you had the time to work on a bill coward, seems like all you do nowadays is flap your gums at the President. #DoYourJob
DOA to WH. Trump hates corker.
Finding a different #RabbitHole to stuff #AmericanTaxDollars into,,internationally, #NoThanks, how much money will it launder?
Bob you can pretty much KISS your re-election goodbye...You have Passed 0 for us...PLZ explain why you're entitled to take our $$$$ for 0?

Do the world a favor please convince your party to use the 25th Amendment our National Security is at terrible risk with the President.
We love our President! He is the most energetic honest American Patriot ever to step foot in the Whitehouse! Thus the swamp hates him. We expect him fully supported by senate & passing all his bills. Its what you all promised when taking our donations!
Honest really? Every word out of vile mouth is a lie.
he's literally the only president who has ever run and done exactly what he said
ISIS will be done within 30 days of taking office repeal and replace Obamacare build a wall. Not one single legislation has been passed.
Regulations cut, out of TPP, Pipeline built, border control up, VA accountability act passed.  He is kicking ass
Pretty sure anything you do won’t have any benefits for the American taxpayer
#NeverTrumpHillary WWIII? Unilateral Military Nuclear Strategy @HillaryClinton: U.S. could "totally obliterate" Iran
U rock Bob!
TN GOP is ashamed of you.
Americans Are Ashamed of him but When His Own State is Well that's says it. They know his Corruption
Any bill with coons, a progressive lunatic shld be exceptionally decietful
You we.   y    You we are.
introduce bill 2 save us from #dotard be4 he kills us.  better yet - you have enuff evidence to #25thAmendmentNow.  DO IT-SAVE THE COUNTRY.
Read a book. No he doesn't..
http://www.businessinsider.com/lawyers-robert-mueller-hired-for-the-trump-russia-investigation-2017-6 …
nuff said.
Please stop. Almost a year of investigation. Not even into trump. There would have been leaks.keep believing what they want u to believe
the only president under investigation by nearly 20 money laundering legal eagles. hardly think MoC think otherwise! #MuellerTime
grammar and punctuation.
"You're full of shit...Trump is best POTUS since Reagan. Get over it!"
and, you are welcome. 
It's twitter ..I don't care about punctuation.
You are acting like an IDIOT.  You will be replaced.
Sooner than he thinks
Corker is Loser
Stand strong Senator!!! We are counting on you to be the voice of reason!
Lol voice of reason lol do you know all the corrupt this Corker had done over his Career? How old r u maybe you don't remember.
It runs in the party.
Honestly I don't know
A benefit to taxpayers would be if you RESIGNED. Let Martha Blackburn take your seat.
ANY BILL you write should be put in the garbage along with your UNCONSTITUTIONAL JOKE of an Iran Deal!
Senator Corker, you are brilliant. PLEASE BE PRESIDENT
@SenBobCorker Resign now!  The people of TN want a change!  You are a disgraceful crook. Stop hurting us.  We want Marsha now.
You mean like the Iranian nuke deal you did behind our backs? #DrainTheSwamp
Corker is a corrupt loser, So Happy He IS NOT Coming Back. Leave Now Pls. Get out of the Way
Where do we stand on sanctions for Russia?
Not done yet. Trump had to play golf.
Such legislation sounds promising, but then everything that comes out of DC is "promising."
SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT
We don’t want globalism , EVER , you all are evil , well you never Trump people will lose our support, financially especially 
I have been reading about your “filing errors” BS
Why did Chris Coons stand by & laugh while his daughter was man handled? She was obviously very uncomfortable
You suck Corker...youll be voted out faster than than I can fart. You've done absolutely zero for Americans. #maga
I’m not a Republican but I have a lot of respect for those of you who stand for what is right despite party lines #the25th
If it's anything like your CROOKED land deal in Chattanooga it can't be good for the country!! RESIGN NOW!!!
PLEASE say you’ve changed the codes! Trump reportedly wanted nearly 10 times more nuclear weapons - CNBC
https://apple.news/AfEN1JT0oSlmsTwFKfTIkhghttps://apple.news/AfEN1JT0oSlmsTwFKfTIkhg …
It gets worse & worse! #25thAmendmentNow
What are you 2 years old you will not vote for tax cut so u don't like trump u are working for use u no
An i bet u don't read any bills u sign of u did u want all that pork out unless u put it in
.@marklagon writes in @ForeignPolicy: "It's Time for the US to Grade the UN and Other International Organizations"
Corker, you are a jackazz. Start serving the USA, not your selfish pursuits. Support Trump.
No trust in #SenatorBobCorker . #IranDeal  #DrainTheSwamp
Why don’t u do your constituents a big favor a resign NOW! Your not looking out for them that’s for sure!! Crook
I’m sure it’s all a lie! As usual lying to American People!!
Another Iranian Deal?
Leave Tennessee

This is who the "resistance" consider their "go to" Senators! 
Do you really think You are more important than those you were elected to serve!? You do and that is why you are another Narcissistic GOP
Resign now Mr corker you have shown your contempt for your fello Tennesseans!
Senator Corker are you going to retire knowing you did an injustice to the American  middle class by voting yes on the presidents tax buget?
Join your president and quit fighting against his agenda that we voted him in for otherwise you will lose all of your GOP supporters
Resign RINO.
No thanks swamp creature.U need to resign since u r not following the agenda tht Our President was elected for. We want his agenda,not yours
Working with the Bearded Marxist?  Figures.
No need to read a bill from someone who will be replaced in November 2018. Do us a favor and resign. We are tired of divided republicans!!!
Where did the plane load of money to #Iran come from? #Taxpayers?
Corker taking a page out of McCain’s playbook to sabotage economy just to make Trump look bad.  Disgusting, dirty and disgraceful. #maga
Bring it home Bob..kissing our enemies asses has never helped America..then again neither have you..
Thanks to all involved in this important project. Look forward to hearing more as progress is made. Please keep us informed.
Why don’t you work for USA instead of “international”?  You are a GLOBALIST not FOR USA!
YOU ARE A GLOBALIST PIG THAT WOULD/HAS SOLD OUT YOUR COUNTRY FOR A BUCK. EXPOSED FOR THE SLIME YOU ARE.
Senator, you are in a unique position in modern politics. Do not resign. Look at your Trump retort. 114K people retweeted it, 500K liked it.
Speaking of bills, how about a clean DACA bill?
Just what Trump brought to the table, before U, in fact UR not known for this, jumpin on the bandwagon.  Must be your swamp tactic at work.
This bill for taxpayers?
Nobody wants you to do one more thing. You are an obstructionist to this country. In 2018 your name disappears.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/sen-bob-corker-failed-to-properly-disclose-millions-of-dollars-in-income-1450051046 … @realDonaldTrump
Good job repealing Obamacare oh wait u didn't cuz ur a loser a traitor guilty of sedition Was ur lover obama worth selling ur soul&USA out4?
Resign immediately you clown.
Corruption charges, huh?  Awesome.  Good role model.
You're a #rube & anti regular #USA citizens. #RESIGN NOW you b**stard!! #MAGA @POTUS #Trump
I would read crap that you wrote
We don't want your input turncoat
Can't wait for you to leave
Then don't vote against it
why do we care what a Volunteer state Traitor does we are a proud state that got snookered by a P.O.S. coward going against th state #POTUS
#CorkerRESIGN
Resign rhino Corker
Dont listen to them. They all have brain damage and dont know right from wrong.
I remember his name, doesn't he have the red haired girl pedo joe biden couldn't keep his hands off of? Wonder what he whispered in her ear
Don't waste my time
Senator Corker your accusations towards president Trump dose not stand in court, were is your evidence for theses claims that you are making
Are you kidding? Everytime he opens his mouth the evidence prkves thise accusations. Hes an idiot.
Are you kidding? Everytime he opens his mouth he proves all accusations. He is an embarrassment!
I don't trust anything you tell me. Go away and leave early
@SenBobCorker is a typical RINO Swamp Dweller,  he's another do nothing politician!  This guy got rich off government and @POTUS said enough
Like the Iran deal you fool. Glad you armed Iran with nukes.
Is this bill like ur past bill to Repeal & Replace. Corker is a Liar, cheat, and a sundry of detestables.
JUSGT DO YOUR JOB YOU ARE VOTED IN TO DO !!IF YOU CAN NOT BACK THE PRESIDENT THEN LEAVE OR BE FORCED OUT BY THE FOLK'S OF TENN!!!
Liar.

I’m a hardcore, card carrying Tennessee conservative, and I’m running for the US Senate. Watch to find out why #TNSen → 
Don't Trust You Rhino

It’s been 5 days since 3 soldiers were killed in Niger, 3 days since a fourth was identified. No official statement from WH or President. 
can you get a bill going to remove trump from office before more damage is done? we need a hero
You do realize they each President lays out their own sanctions. P. Obama did his, now it's P. Trumps turn. simple
American CITIZENS FIRST.
Google corker scandals , back the president or back away corky
Never thought I'd say it, but I'm glad to see you go. Trump is left to clean up the mess of you and other political elites. Good by Bob.
Are u kidding?he hired more political elites than anyone b4 him.he came in and dug a bigger swamp.#falsepromises
Thank you for trying a bipartisan approach. That's the way it should work. And thank you for being country before party.
No thanks, not after your disrespect of the @WhiteHouse. #RINO 
Why not do what RESPECTFUL @jasoninthehouse did & leave early! #TeamJasonBTW
@SenBobCorker Proud of you for saying what everyone thinks.  Cannot stop now with Trump in control of the nuclear codes!
No shoulda coulda
Like you benefited w/this deal courtesy of Alabama taxpayers ????
The way your putting down us Americans, I doubt your bill is any good.  You just care about you and not the American people.
YOU SUCK YOU ESTABLISHMENT RINO
YOU R A FILTHY GLOBALIST AND HATER OF AMERICA!  GOD allowed President Trump in against your agenda! You  are of your father, LUCIFER!
Another bulls**t globalist plan I'm good!

What lobbyists paid u this time. Wrk for us . We paid for results
You are leaving office, but you will still have a reasoned voice. Speaking truth is necessary for the survival of our democracy
Like the Iran deal was soooo good for this country???
#AmericaFirst let's take care of feeding our own people, children and vets before we worry about other nations.
The runt Corker need to be put back in the bottle!
You have no idea how to benefit the tax payers
RESIGN
Retire gracefully! Or shut up!! Two faced politician!
You was Obama http://bitch.You  are a loser and we don't want Rino bye.
--is it like the iran nuclear deal you arranged with obozo? played games on how to approve the deal with congress?saw dick morris's comments


And no loyalty to America and Americans.


Senator, nobody, not your Tennessee voters, not the party you pretended to be in, trusts anything that you support. Your legacy is set.

Meanwhile, you made sure to fund our mortal enemy.  Go home, you failure.
Which shows his true colors Hyperventilating like he's some savior of the world. Cant accept Trump doing well on foreign policy without him
Well, the Senator ran off to the lib NYTimes seeking solace and a shoulder to go boo hoo on They despise him yet he sought their admiration
