@maya I’m from New York trust me we have our share of idiots mayor PUTZ , Gov Cuomo etc.drain the swamp2many liberals in NY have own agenda
Sir, thanks for standing up and telling the truth! Please represent all Americans in keeping us out of war. Karma the truth will bring truth
Tennesseans complaining they can't get through to your office.  They don't like your hatred for our President  Resign
Tennessee needs to primary old Bob out. He's no different than the wackos on the liberal left.
Did you serve them a big plate of  I'm not interested in passing gun safety laws with a side of your healthcare doesn't matter to me.?
only deranged nut jobs kill people. Concentrate on what builds ethics and morals in people. Then you'll see real change.
They hate you! We hate you! Corker & McCain out! Trump is draining the swamp!  Trump fights for us to drain the swamp
Hey Bob, You and Lamar look Great............Col. RJ   "Sevierville"
You went way too far by humiliating our current administration. Keep in mind that average working Americans elected this administration
You DO NOT speak for Tennessee
Tennesseans can't wait for you to get out of our government! My parents didn't vote for you to bash our President & run to NYt. Shame on you
I'm a TN resident, and if you ever meet me I'll tell you to resign immediately and get out of President Trump's way.
Me too.
Me, too. He's done nothing for our state since he's been in office. Glad he's retiring. Can't be soon enough.
Weekly breakfasts with constituents?  Who pays for that?  What a waste.

This is who the "resistance" consider their "go to" Senators! 
My bestie lives in TN and I visit the state once a year. May move to TN from MD! We think you are great. Was in Nashville  in Aug.
Did you "yes" them to death and then stab them right in the back???
Crook....leave now...NOW
#25thAmendmentNow
THREAD - To all my Twitter friends: I need to get something off my chest. I have spent the majority of my adult life working with and 1/34
As one of your voters I would like for you to support President Trumps agenda.
Enjoy sucking up and not working ...you mean!!
Time to resign Senator. Your time is over
Why don’t u let them welcome u to ur retirement home instead. Pack ur bags now and retire early. Go away establishment. Resign now
Why don't you start your morning by work on passing the 200 bills the house has sent to the Senate and you've sat on your hands.
they should have kicked you in the nuts oh that right you don't have any
I'd like to have 10 minutes with Lamar Alexander. Grrrr. 
@maya good riddance..sooo glad to c u go after u help O make the Iran DEAL!!!! Drain the SWAMP.Corker Criticizes TRUMP are you kidding me
My Tennessee hates you. Resign now
You don't deserve to be called a Tennessean!
No diversity whatsoever.  Shameful
What kind of idiot effectively gives Obama power to fund our mortal enemy for promises which they won't keep?  Why not just give them Nukes?
How come most of us don't know about this? Do you send out special invitations 2 those who contributed 2 yr campaign? TN taxes pay 4 this.
Sir.  It is time to let congress protect the people from the greatest threat to democracy, @realDonaldTrump   Please convince colleagues
Please acknowledge the article impeachment that has already been introduced.  We need hope in America again.
You pick their pocket while shaking their hand?
I am a liberal democrat. And you are my new hero! Thank you for speaking the truth about Trump! I wish more of the GOP were like you.
This is a great idea. Spending time with your Constituents & see what's the pulse of the people.
Except that he's not in touch with the people who've already spoken http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/10/09/bannon-corker-should-resign-immediately-after-revealing-gop-establishment-wants-to-nullify-16-election/ …
#CorkerResign
thanks from UR constituents 4 gettin out it saves us th time of having to travel th state insuring U didnt get reelected U R a embarrassment
How many of your constituents were aware of your plans to trash our President? Shame on you sir. We will drain the swamp starting w/ you.
Yeah, thanks for your service now please retire. Ask for acceptance of resignation now please
Bob....why didn't you invite me to breakfast... I can take a day off from the daycare if you have room at the next breakfast
Wow! You do more than just cause trouble? Try working on Healthcare, taxes, budget, IMMIGRATION reform. Or get the He__ out, stop stealing $

I’m a hardcore, card carrying Tennessee conservative, and I’m running for the US Senate. Watch to find out why #TNSen → 
You enjoy maximizing your ego. Slow glad there will be one less RINO
That's cool
Thank you @SenBobCorker for serving my Great state of Tn. And caring enough about the US to call out 451/2 for the incompetent child he is.
And for the record you would never NEED 45's endorsement. TN has your back bc you have done everything you've promised. Our state is ....
Did you invite ANY of your constituents that oppose @realDonaldTrump ?
Funny how Tennessee doesn't have any People of Color in your constituency. SERVE ALL OF http://AMERICA.YOU  SAID ALL LIVES MATTERS.
#saveus
Ur jst another J. McCain,a Rino,take ur opposition back 2 Tenn. Send someone who will support Trumps agenda instead of fighting it. RINO!
Put on that fake face the same one you steal and lie with.

This crook raised 30k at this breakfast, he's a crook look at his donors after Iran deal he did
That’s about all you’ve done for Tennesseans. Bob thinks TN starts East of TN river. Your pitiful!
You're not welcome.....you are from South Carolina. RINO.
There us 8th grade group from Cleveland Middle School in DC leaving Wed. Would be awesome if that could meet you and maybe POTUS while there
Retire gracefully! Or shut up!! Two faced politician!
Let's help get rid of @SenBobCorker! He's trash
Glad the President is "draining that swamp"..You,Bill Haslam and "Liemore" Alexander are all part of the problem. Good riddance to you all !
Take photos, that is ALL you will have left. We ARE taking our country back from detroyers like you!

I am pleased you #BobCorker will not continue on as TN senator—you have done great damage to TN, and America! #RINO, #GOPe.
Didn’t realize how short you are senator. You must be like a midget beside trump
Did you tell them the real reason you are leaving and not running again? 
Nah you wouldn't.
Put the RiNO Corker out to pasture, ASAP! #DrainTheSwamp
Yea, you should tell you district offices staff to answer the phones & treat constituents with respect
want happen he is the big steamy pile of Shut in Washington now he has th left liking his toes now since he turned traitor of our State Sad
Corker needs to RESIGN immediately. He’s an absolute idiot! Trump’s carrying out psychological warfare against NK & it’s effective
When do you senators ever work
I feel certain little girl Corker will sneak out of TN. Back stabbing girly man wears penny loafers
He can't afford nickel loafers.
Maybe you should all start by reading it again.
Wow! A republican brave enough to meet with constituents! Love it!
My daughter @speedyg0ncalves is a student at @VanderbiltU and would love to be a part of that experience. Can she?
You are worthless to say the least. You are nothing more than a traitorous rino
What a good thing to do. You look like you really enjoy people. That is a necessity today. 
At least you're meeting with your constituents. @VoteMarsha doesn't do that. #NeverMarsha #VoteBlue2018 @James_Mackler
#SewerSenators like Corker been LYING to Americans and STEALING money from TAXPAYERS...Alabamans should have him strung HIGH! @POTUS
What are you & @SenAlexander doing to protect/stand up for women's health? BC had multiple medical uses! #HandsOffMyBC
I’m hearing how respected U are in the Senate. Please help us get Trump out of the White House! u have nothing 2 lose
thank u for being honest regarding 44.5
cheers~
Traitorous behavior to air dirty laundry to the world.  Thank God you're leaving, if you have issues w/President deal w/them privately.
Bob, please shut up and just resign now. Your comments about OUR/YOUR President yesterday were disgusting. We know u hate him but he is Pres
Corker, you've just given the MSM more ammo to attack Trump. Try keeping your mouth shut.
WE THE PEOPLE R TAKING NAMES OF- - EVERY-POLITICIAN WHO TRASHES OUR "CHOSEN" PRESIDENT + REFUSES 2 DEFEND-SUPPORT HIM = WE WILL KICK U OUT !
WHAT WILL U DO WHEN U STAND BEFORE HOLY-GOD AND HE HOLDS YOU ACCOUNTABLE 4 EVERY - >>LYING-WORDS<< -  U HAVE SPOKEN ? ? SHAME ON U ! ! !
It is time for sane senators to call POTUS by his real title #TrumpIsAMoron
Thank you for speaking the truth about our narcissistic, sociopathic @POTUS @realDonaldTrump.
So wish you would stay in DC! This GOP is aghast with our POTUS! We need your voice!!God bless U & thx for ur service!
Go lobby for Boeing already.  You've earned it with your sellout of the U.S. in favor of Iran.
Lot of respect for you Senator, you will be sorely missed
NOT!
I have lost all respect for you and we are happy you’re quitting! RINOS need to go, you wouldn’t have been re-elected for sure.
Praise Jesus this man is not seeking re-election, Marsha for Senate!!
Would hate to be your wife or children because you are probably not loyal to them either. Just because u are leaving STILL BE A MAN/REPUBL!!
I am sure the people of TN and the rest of the true republicans are glad you are NOT seeking re-election.
You should be ashamed of yourself YOU ARE NOT A REAL REPUBLICAN IF THAT IS THE KIND OF IGNORANT STATEMENTS YOU MAKE/SHAME ON U
Did you enjoy going on news & stating everyone in the Whitehouse with the exception of the PRESIDENT holds that Whitehouse together.
Have you not heard, if you don't have a thing good to say, Bob.., keep your mouth shut!
Chaos...chaos? Coming from a Republican senator that is REALLY funny.
Nice to hear you have some independent thought about what is happening.Time to pass campaign finance reform,fix proportional representation
RINO Swamp Dweller right here....  time to get gone!  Business as usual is done! #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you for speaking out today!
You've proved to have a spine.  Good start, now get your fellow Congressmen to take action to deliver us from this POTUS .
Thank you for speaking truth! Help save the soul of the GOP! Save us from chaos and nuclear winter!  Run for president!
I've been a Republican my entire life and will never vote for Corker for POTUS after his attacks on Trump. Never.
Damn,   If you aren't the coolest man ever! Thank you for your honesty and strength-#ChaosTerminator
You know that Trump is crooked and insane...do something.
What does that say about u and how much you care about our country when you were willing to be the first sitting senator to endorse "chaos"
You were the first to endorse trump. You gave him legitimacy. When everyone could obviously see he was a lunatic. Now your back tracking
At least he's calling it like he sees it now, much more than what other R's are doing
Sure. But I  remember it was a big deal during the campaign when corker endorsed him.
Bob, thanks for speaking your mind today. It was refreshing & brace. U running??
Respectfully Senator, you plan to retire, what is keeping you from cosigning a TRUMP impeachment, #25amendmentnow  or serving this nation above one member (? 
) of the Party?
Good decision to retire before your election defeat. #MAGA
Gonna y’all gun control, right?
Where's the gun control legislation Senator?
You aren’t running for re-election, so what’s keeping you from meeting constituents in your state?
Well for 1; I scare the sh** out of him & the rest of Congress w/my promise 2 expose them 4 the genocidal maniacs Hitler would be proud of!
'The top US lawmaker also expressed concern over the rise of Hindu nationalism' - Seriously? Next time U get sick,don't go to any Indian Doc

My fax to @SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander #GunControlNow 
How about telling him we need more ways to help those w/mental health issues? Guns don't kill as you well know. People do. #2A
Considering I am unable to travel; I invite you to breakfast at my place. I'm a pretty good cook & we can discuss the harm the VA is doing!
How about voting no on cassidy graham and dkinny repeal?
Excellent. Finally, you weren’t the shortest person in the room. Retire now. No desire for a lame duck Senator.
Lol you did not run you
Knew Trump nation would
Crush you like a bug. Moore
Got elected because U could
Not get a anything through
Congress
Wished I was there!
What are you doing about guns? Why did you let CHIP expire for 100k TN families? When will you stand up to the NRA, coward?
did you give them stock tips like when u told people to short Fannie and Freddie? Ur a self-serving crook!
Did you discuss the current situation of the #CHIP program? It’s day 3 of no healthcare for 9 million children
Universal healthcare for Tennessee!
Gun control NOW
Anyone ask you for stricter gun laws or universal health care?
old man (corker) is mad & bitter he isnt going to live off the tax payer anymore. Get a real job corker!
