Bob you know what he was when backed him. Now run along can’t retube your tooth paste
THANK YOU, SIR -  FROM A PROUD OF YOU MIDDLE TENNESSEAN VOTER

I guess @realDonaldTrump couldn't play golf today due to the weather.
Now more than ever, OUR country needs to feel the sense of unity that comes from putting country first. We are in a Constitutional crisis.
Thank you for bravely speaking out. The only way to save our country is to get the Bozo-in-Chief out of office. He is unfit.
Seems like @realDonaldTrump has been caught lying yet again.
Bobby clapping back!!  Well done.
You all need to grow up including you this b******* has to stop and get to work on fixing our government it's broken
If only you worked this hard on passing bills with your own party like you did coming up with insults on twitter that sound like they came from a 6 year old.

Pathetic. Glad you're getting primaried out. Get out and stay out.
Wow!!  Good for you!  Don't hold back, he so deserves it.
Well said!
Tweeting isn't the answer. Get something done!
I’m glad many @GOP members have disconnected thier intravenous Trump Koolaid feeds. Welcome! 
Looking forward to the next 15 months, Senator. You have power to save us from the giant toddler in the White House & his minions. Use it.
Awesome response.  Thank you for the laughs
Back those words up with some action-- more people are behind you than you realize.
Your fault making him president
You can't stand the truth Bob! Don't let the door hit you in the way out!!  #MAGA @realDonaldTrump

How can you tell? (just curious)
Usually low number of followers, no profile or generic profile image, #maga in profile, a weird or generic handle, only trump tweets = bot 
Gotcha. Thanks!!
Lastly check out who's following them. Normally a handle with lots of numbers.
Someone truly calling it like it is. And a Republican at that.  Thank you!
Good for you!
Just go quietly back to the Swamp Bob, and stay out of the way. You might consider switching parties too. See if that will get you elected.

Tweet of the year!
They seem to be short-staffed on the weekends.
@MarshaBlackburn will be a BIGLY upgrade over you @SenBobCorker. Why not step down, right now? Crybaby who didn't get the SS job! LMAO!
Good for you, Senator. We need more like you, willing to speak up.
K
What are u trying 2 hide Bob? Trump got the goods on U ? Maybe u should consult with the wife & ask y she gave money 2 the dem
Hahaha that’s the best thing I read all year
You're a fool & an establishment stooge. And soon you'll be gone. The countdown is on.
#Trump2020

Yeah, great. Nearly makes up for that race-baiting ad you ran against Harold Ford.
Your monster, your problem.
Our monster. Our problem. Nothing will ever make up for @SenBobCorker racist ad. His tweet isn’t a huge win but it’s a plus for good guys.
Why did you all put up with it for so long. Selling your soul to the devil
Thank you for saying what we're all thinking!!!
Thanks for your #Voice and service. Don't know where the rest of the adults representing our country. @MikePenceVP is no bargain either.
Today I'm a fan of yours- keep speaking #truth to the crazy @POTUS

Awwwwwwww snap!
Oh the BURN!!!

Love  this reply and it’s so true !

A profile in courage 
Thank u for speaking up
You should resign today! Shame on you senator. Get out or support the president. You have been exposed.
The day care comments were so out of line...he goes out branded as a loser.
I agree. The congress has resorted to bunch of bed wetting toddlers. Forcing president Trump to manage the day care. #MAGA
And the toddlers are continuing their self imposed "timeout" on accomplishing anything they were elected to do...It's frustrating to watch.
It’s criminal because they r getting a paycheck 4 not doing what they promised when they were elected. Lead, follow or get out of the way
For them "getting out of the way" means another vacation!
And it’s treasonous that Corker & the rest of the R’s remains silent when they know the truth about Trump.
Wa Wa Wa petty 
This whole thread... brilliant!
I’m SCREAMING
In a good way or bad?
In a IM SCREAMING AND DYING OF LAUGHTER BUT THIS IS SO TRUE type of way LMFAO
LOL yeah, it's great. Hopefully more GOP congressmen step up and #resist Trump's evil.
Asap!
Don’t leave out the Congress The biggest bunch of babies in one place at one time! I’m sure your Binky settles you down for Quiet Time
Remember liberalism is a mental disorder.
Hope the FBI handcuffs u
As long as they perform an unusually rough cavity-search in the process, it's all good, dawg.
: time to get a real job and pay into the system !
Duty to warn
See what President Trump has accomplished so far. Updated DAILY!

#MAGA
MSM is silent while Human Trafficking Arrests SKYROCKET under Trump administration.
#MAGA
"The calm before the storm" has nothing to do with North Korea. @realDonaldTrump has something much bigger planned.
http://www.magapill.com/president-trumps-the-calm-before-the-storm-is-vegas-related-its-happening/ …
You have no idea what he has planned!  As you hide behind #maga with no balls.  Show your face on this fake account.  #fakenewstrump
STFU, Corksacker.
The quicker you leave will take care of that. #SwampCreature
Totally agree. Absolutely childish behavior. We need to organize a huge that’s against Trump parade
Don’t quit your day job
Great tweet
FUCK YOU PIECE OF SHIT
Too bad you won’t do anything about it (which you could).
I am from Th. I agree with President Trump I don't blame him for not backing Corker . People in Th are not too crazy about him anyway. They did not want the bill he was putting together for Obama. He never cared about we the people here.All he enter was to make money. Boo to him
And the world makes's joke's about the White House and the people in it
Sir, you are the one that is being shameful now.
Sounds like somebody needs to be changed (poopy diaper). Grow up and be part of the solution. Your job security depends on it. You CAN be replaced. #MAGA 
Its a same you're a senator and you're talking shit about my president
Someone most certainly did miss their shift... haven't had a rant, quite like this, for some time now. And the local McD's will be making a small fortune as Chump devours his 50th Big Mac of the day
Not like you stepped up to take a shift there, right, "Ol' Spineless"? I think Sir Robin stuck to his guns better than you when it came to the question, "If the election were held today, would you vote for Donald Trump?"

I'm I correct, you support cutting Medicare and Medicaid to give tax cuts to the richest people in the country?  Please tell me I'm wrong.
Looks like you missed a shift too! You made sure you got paid though, didn’t you? #GOPTaxScam #CorkerKickback
Remember we the People Put President Trump in office. Why aren't you working with him like you did the traitor Obama?
So is ‘Traitor’ Deplorable for ‘Black man’? I see Trumpflakes using it all the time. Just asking.
Take him out Senator, good stuff!!

As a fellow republican, I am horrified of what we have allowed thus far. How did we ever let it get this far?! Total embarrassment!
Sir, your words are laughable at best. Go find a weak target where this load of bull-poo will actually work.
Time to resign liddle Bob 
Ah, but you've misspoken. It is the Senate  and the House that is the day care center. Not for adults but for the elitist swamp rat children that occupy the seats.
Corker needs to resign
Is the 700 club over?

Corker = ....drain the swamp
It's a shame you're a senator
Best. Tweet. Ever.
Cork ur lousy mouth liddle
Thank you for standing up to Trump. Wish all the politicians would do the same. Truer words have never been spoken.
DID you not know this person was a PSYCHOPATH. I knew.  I did tweet him a few month ago and told he that he will cause World War 3.
Trump continues to demonstrate the truth of Corker's words to the world with every new angry tweet.
You are not running again because you wouldn't win. You helped Obama destroy our country. No thanks to the Iran deal. You are a traitor.
That’s what the senate and the House was before Trump and still is!! Bunch of elites that only care about themselves and their future!
Thank you for speaking out against unqualified and failing Trump.  Please get your GOP crones and help Puerto Rico.
Chess Stones @realDonaldTrump
You're OK with EOs from Thursday. Not just a little despotic? Your silence on this point speaks volumes.
Why don’t you tell us what role Bill Haslam has promised you in his future run for POTUS?  Isn’t aHaslam family going to court this month?
Hey Bob, got any more tweets for the guy trying to start WW3? Maybe when the first bombs explode you can make fun of his tie?
I applaud your honesty, now please, DO something with this knowledge. We clearly need adults to take control now. This is madness. 
Bob Corker stick a Cork in it and sit down! MAGA!
As they say in the NFL, "Bye."
We have serious problems abroad and at home and we need serious people to Fix them. Not "Let Them Eat Cake" blaming Everyone else. #Help

#CorkerKickback you got yours, $$$$, but what about the deficit? "Not one dime"
Ultimate  
Senator, thank you the integrity it takes to be the first. We are grateful this issue is finally being addressed. Nicely Done.
thats is exactly what the white house has become
Will you please just go away!
Hey old dude -go away and retire.
Your services are no longer wanted, needed, or desired.
It's a shame Bob Corker is a spineless dirtbag that hates the poor, elderly, military, vets, and working class Americans. #TaxScamBill
By the way, Secretary Tillerson will never disavow the "Fucking Moron" comment because the evidence will be provided the press he knows it.
.@SenBobCorker The shame is that you're spewing venom at our @POTUS on your way out the door. You are a short-timer throwing tantrums. #Bye
Rather have immature people because evil tyrants need to be eliminated:

http://justicewell.com/nixon 

GROW UP!!!!

Thank you for stepping forward and speaking out about the president’s lack of being able to preform the duties.  Others should do the same
Bull!
you're my hero sir
OH LOOK the Ignoramus speaks! You are example of whats wrong with Washington! RESIGN AND GO HOME
It's a shame there are senators like you who go against the President. WE the people are not ok with your actions.
If you like it like that, than you would love North Korea.
Resign you are not doing your http://job.You  words about POTUS are unacceptable.  Support the people who elected you.
#TrumpIQ  #LiddleTrump #Viagra #Trumpobsessed #dicksize 4 #men VS #sexualharassment towards #women  #trumpnotwelcome #worldwide #moron
You want them aborting babies and doing breast exams in there or something. No wonder ppl hate your asses but their crazy you kill kids before they have constitutional rights
you make me embarrassed I’m from Tennessee— dang glad I moved!
MAGA

THANK YOU for telling the truth.  Dangerous man in WH.
Sen. Corker you got my vote even if you change your mind. You're one of the few with the nut sacks to say what 90% are thinking.
I admire u Mr Corker....don't let Plump Trump get to you with name calling....you're a much bigger man than he & care about country 1st
It is also a shame that congress has become playschool for spoiled and shiftless would be elites.
It's more than adult day care center.  He is deranged and needs to be taken out in a straight jacket asap!
Thank you for calling out this madness that is threatening our country. God Bless
Why are we letting ONE man-baby do all these horrible things to our Country?  There are more of us then this one man REMEMBER Hitler.
@SenBobCorker
ANOTHER #REPUBLICAN
#SENATOR telling the
#TRUTH
A MAN TOWERING OVER
GRABem BY THE PUSSY boy
@realDonaldTrump
#SonOfATrickMAGA√
Thank you senator!
.... we need to find the presidential Equivalent of that law
Yesssssss.
Thank you for speaking the truth. It’s sad to watch the country be torn apart while most sit idly by.
Coming from a horses ass this doesn't mean much
Please remove Trump!
Corkys babysitter must have been smoking a joint in the bathroom bc he runnin off at the mouth sayin stupid shit on da twitter machine
lmao right
I liked and retweeted a Republican Senator-world is ending now!
And Congress is incompetent governing body! All of you have healthcare! Stop harassing the president. Try helping for a change
Did you support the Iranian nuclear deal that obama pushed without using standard rules for treaties?
I like Congresswoman Black's comment that Senate is an adult day care center better, more accurate.
Good start,Bob. Can you get the impeachment process moving along ? Thanks!
I think Bobby should shut up and do your job and let Trump do his!!!!!!!
I completely agree with u. Pls help us get back on track & remove tRump and his adm. NOW
It’s amazing how you personally use your position to attack the President. You’re such a little man
Thank you for standing up and speaking out for the good of USA. Wish @SenToomey and others would do likewise. Please #stopthechaos
Thank you, are you considering being a comedian after you retire?
#NeverTrumpHillary WWIII? Unilateral Military Nuclear Strategy @HillaryClinton: U.S. could "totally obliterate" Iran
No, it’s a shame you are a self-aggrandizing politician who has sold out his countrymen for fame and fortune. Disgraceful!
Truth!! 
Democrats freebies to illegals are nothing less than bribes to invade. They are benefits not avail to most Americans. Taxpayers ar wise to U
Another  was exposed! You don't want to #MAGA! Thanks @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @SenMikeLee
Thank you for speaking out about the WH chaos. It has to stop.

Holland screams do something!!!!!
It's about time a republican grew a spine
You are an embarrassment to all patriots. Good riddance fool.
Here ya go, Bobbie...

You are what we call a political hack a lot of you senators and representatives in Congress are just political hacks to the people bye-bye
you are one of the many reason Donald Trump u are a back stabber hypocrite part of the nasty Washington corruption
Does this do your soul good? What a waste of gray matter! I once admired your spirit but it has turned mean.
Feel for the person who has to clean the shit
Itss awesome how @realDonaldTrump is making such a fool of you. Go away now and save face
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @Tennessean
bcc: @YourAnonNews
COMING: America's March to DC
November 7, 2017
#GOP #nullify2016
Please help us. Do something. Clowns should not be running the country.
SHUT UP you big whiner!! SO GLAD you are leaving!! Talk about someone behaving like a child!! Spoiled sport!!
