Thank you for putting principals first.  We will remember and so will history.
Principles Medi is jot a guide for principles. We will remember this at the polls. Guaranteed
I sure hope people remember at the polls!  Integrity or lack of?  Easy choice.
As I stated media is not a moral guide for integrity and now at least we know where you stand on the opposite side of integrity
The media did not march with Nazi symbols nor do they defend them (except alt right)The media does not force Trump to lie & divide us.
Only problem is trukp didn't lie you media did and your party insiders. This is a scam peter search your heart you sound like a good man
They had to come up with something the Russia Theory wasn't working so well for them
Your right. Trump had to distract us as the Russian Conspiracy wasn't working out so well for him.
Remember us? We're the forgotten people who voted for Trump. He's TRYING to improve our lives, but you're no better thanthe Dems obstruction
That money-grubbing pussy-grabber is not trying to improve your life Donna, just trying to enrich Big Oil & his other cronies.

This is Bob... 
The nazis are left wing not right wing they are fighting amkngst themselves. Try fixing the problems at hand instead of bending ur knee
Proud to be from Tennessee today! Thank You for speaking out.
He won't do a thing.
He already did.
Prayers are worthless.
Don't shoot the messanger.
You don't care about us, The People, but grovel for Globalist approval.
Term limits. Drain The Swamp!
Get @SenateMajLdr to do something to support our needed southern border wall the @POTUS proposed. You and @SenAlexander need to be @GOP
Be horrified about the attracts in America. Support our president.
Why don't YOU WORRY about the HORRIFIC ATTACKS against the Trump Voters in THIS COUNTRY?  YOU HAVE INJECTED REVERSE RACISM upon MILLIONS!
We're horrified Bob Corker is still running in Tennessee

Corker condemn ANTIFA (self avowed anarcho communist terrorist) threatening our DEMOCRACY. The stupid unpopular KKK is NO  threat.
Oh be quiet. Your not losing any sleep over this horrid situation.
Support @POTUS and End this Mess. Stop Playing Partisan Politics and Pandering to the Idiotic Left. We elected a Republican not a Democrat.
Support our President, @SenBobCorker, you work at your constituents pleasure. We're wide-awake!
GOP Senator CORKER Who Slammed Trump As Unstable Race-baiter Failed To Disclose $4 Million in Income Over Eight Years
truepundit.
I'm horrified by your betrayal of our President. RINO swamp creature.
Not one Islamic terror attack in the USA since 01/20/2017

Last year there were SIX!

And you're calling Trump incompetent?

You're a joke!
Well now we have "WHITE ISIS" same thing, different color! Jokes on you!
Yes we have WHITE ISIS, it's called AntiFa!
Trump would have won the Presidency 17 years ago.

But he withdrew because he could not run with a party that had KKK in it!
Trump not #Charolettesville Mayor or VA Gov

Blood of #HeatherHeyer is on hands of:
- Terrorist
- McCauliffe & Signer - Antifa allowed in!
FACT: without McCauliffe & Signer ordering police to STAND DOWN on AntiFa attacking UnitetheRight, NO violence: #HeatherHeyer would be alive
#Charlottesville Mayor: Obama's buddy
Vice-Mayor: Obama's buddy

"White Supremacist" Leader: Obama's buddy until he "became racist"

SETUP!
Thank you sir for your brave observations.  Please convince your colleagues in the Senate to do likewise
You are pandering to the liberals who will never vote for you..We support @POTUS
I am a voting American citizen, 100% behind our President and his agenda for our country. Censorship of our President is an absolute NO VOTE
Sen Corker, thank you for speaking truth to power.  The emperor wears no clothes.  This is about preserving democracy, above party.
Thank you for speaking up against racism and bigotry. There are many that admire your courage
I am horrified by you!!!
We The People Want a Vote to Censure & Silence Congress!  All of you PROPELL VIOLENCE towards the citizens WHO are FORCED to pay YOU!
Tennesseans are horrified that you threw President Trump under the bus!
STEP DOWN!  #RepealCongressComing
STOP being an obstructionist. A vote to censor is a vote supporting Antifa...you WILL be remembered!!
This cocker guy is horrified, but yet slams his President to the world and makes U.S. look weak2get some attention&open us up to terrorism.
You have a chance to get our vote back if you support our President, if not then the deplorable's will vote against you!  It's you choice.
#IStandWithTrump We voted Pres Trump into office because we were tired of the way the government was being run.  #CensureCongress
nmk
Swedish Police Chief: The Antifas, Not the Nazis, Start the Violence http://gatesofvienna.net/2017/08/swedish-police-chief-the-antifas-not-the-nazis-start-the-violence/ … 
Time for all republicans to switch to independent
Thank you for your courage and standing for our nation <3
Thank you for speaking up about the atrocious Chrump
Denounce Hillary and her KKK mentor Byrd.
I didn't vote for HRC. You guys are so predictable but still don't know WTF you're tweeting about
You just need to resign because they're vote you out anyway you just kissed your own as@ goodbye
Thank you Senator for your OTHER words today,  WE,  this nation,  need this more than ever Please help us  #AGreatPeril
Troll
I'm horrified at your stupidity and inability to get anything done.  Tweeting from vacation, are you?
Stop being emotionally horrified coward and Do Something to End the HATE! Stop bringing Muslims into America (on welfare no less)
We need to organize & fight these #RINOs who are fighting with our duly elected president. We need to stand up to HATEFUL LIARS like CORKER
Your attack on President Trump is another example of why the swamp needs to be drained. Support our President or face the music!
They are not so different from Antifa snd BLM which you do appear to support..
Thanks for having the balls to let the world know how unfit Hitler Trump is to be President. Now if the rest of the GOP will give it a go.
Yet refuse to call out the terrorist.  Please bob. We are paying very close attention. Very close.
#ProtectFreeSpeech
You're a FRAUD, a COWARD, and a Grand Stander ! Taking shot at the @POTUS shows just how PATHETIC you truly are !
We, the voters, are horrified at your attacks on Trump. I'm closer to Trump than Barcelona.  I think you'll be horrified next election. Bye.
You make me sick!
Hey how many days til you call it by name.
I am horrified at your statements about President Trump and I will show you in my vote in 2018 you backstaber
If left to Corker, the attacks would have happened in Nashville!  Be smart and support Pres. Trump's immigration policies!  #Buildthewall!

This is Bob... 
Why do you pretend that you are a Republican... You vote with the democrats more than you do the people who sent you to DC. #DrainTheSewer
We're tired of you fighting the President here in the USA vs support changes in Washington.. Same O Same O from Senate
And I'm horrified at your utter incompetency and stupidity in allowing the Iran deal to bypass the requirements of the Treaty provision.
will u say same thing when Iran drops nuclear bombs on Israel bec. u utterly failed in your duty by letting Iran deal bypass Treaty Prov?
No your not.  You are importing the same shit here.
Senator Bob Corker I didn't know you were a psychiatrist evaluating President Trump is unstable, words to that effect.  It's not gonna work.
I'm horrified that one of my senators, for whom I voted, publicly cast doubt on the fitness of office of a POTUS who's a fellow Republican.
It was his fellow Republicans who decided Nixon had to go. Honorable servants, one and all.
The president acted appropriately. He told the truth, the truth that all TV watchers were horrified to see. BATS AND CLUBS on BOTH SIDES
can't have a fight with ONE SIDE
You have a lot of nerve for blaming the president.He had nothing to do with it and responded appropriately. Can't have a fight with ONE side
The Americans have to decide which terrorists rule over them - The "2 party system" or Islamic Fundamentalism.
Yep . This tweet will prevent it from happening again . Yep
Yet you're unwilling to do anything. We're voting you out. #AntiAmerican #FlagBurner
And WE r horrified by Trumps response. And Trump states passing laws making it ok to kill protesters with their car.

Do YOU support THAT?
Are you going to blame the President for that also? #clueless
Thank you for demonstrating leadership.
When bots attack your TL, you know you're doing it right.
You need to start being behind our President to HELP things not TEAR HIM APART!!!
Hate to see terrorism anywhere, just saw your response to Trump. I'm from New Jersey. His life revolves around himself. This is who he is.
This is why the people who know him best, in NJ and NY overwhelmingly rejected him. Glad to see others now see what we knew all along
I hope there are many more like you in the Senate. Thank you again.
Thank you for what you said and Chattanooga. Finally some of the Republicans are going with their conscience and not their politics.
When the Bolsheviks on the left are praising you, you've betrayed the side you were supposed to be on ! @POTUS spoke out against the hate!
Way to go. See if you can't give the Dems more ammunition. Geez
you have not shown competence as Senator 20 trillion in debt you have no grounds to judge @POTUS your the problem =spineless
Thoughts are with Barcelona! This latest attack underscores need to control and vet refugees Disappointed in your public assessment of Trump
Those of us who will be voting will remember your behavior against our @POTUS. You betrayed your base. We will not elect you again!
And Im horrified that u unjustly criticize Trump. How many times must he assert himself? U said nothing the many X's Obama was presumptuous!
Notice all the liberal Democrats patting you on the back? They don't vote in Tennessee GOP primaries though. You're not that safe.
Disgusted in u as Rep./American!  You disrespected our President and embarrassed Country by doing so! True Americans condemn ALL VIOLENCE!

Mayor Singer needs to be held accountable...https://twitter.com/mybrianleyh/status/897899526933098497 …
Just another media WHORE has to say something! U betray all those who voted for President Trump in ur state! Ur missing the common sense!
Sen Corker your leadership comments are http://ironic.You  tried to HIde your key role in senate to make Obama bad Iran treaty happen.

The difference between Pres. Trump and Congress is 65million+ voters who are supporting him & what he's doing. Who in Congress can say that? 
Get on board with Trump or I will be happy to vote you out at election time
Put a cork in it Corky. You NeverTrump RINO's are a pain the ass.
Your blustering and criticism will not endear you to the voters. #BlessYourHeart
Please tell me @SenBobCorker is up for reelection in 2018? #VoteHimOut
More horrified about this but not against your Nazi Murders from Saturday#tell us who else's used cars to kill people oh yes terrorist
Furious with republicans. You are corrupt.
We are horrified by this man, and the fact that the congress does NOTHING to protect us!

"I don't think using force or violence to oppose them is unethical." Antifa activists on fighting the far right: http://nyti.ms/2uXgTja 
I appreciate your concern but your statements on our Presdent cost you my vote.  You dont represent the Tennesseans that voted for Trump!
Considering your comments against my president suggests maybe you and GOP need to actually pass so bills and kill Obamacare. We will drain 
Don't forget who was elected POTUS. Better get on the train or get out!
Do these attacks continue to be horror when they almost predictably occur every couple of months?
RINO
U r done politically.
You are now an official narcissistic card carrying wash politician.  Only agenda  get elected.  Hell with the agenda that was fantasy bs.
Why you make such public statement about the President rather to his face.? What about your party and the agenda?
It's going to be more fun defeating you Rino's than it was beating Hillary.

She was N Charlottesville. She is not a neo Nazi & there were others like her. The president was right MSM is wrong. https://www.pscp.tv/w/bF8ehzFQWEtkUkpwUFp3RWV8MXlOR2FtUllZQWdHahhierKQWZ5Wi6B-byRcbQ29K5WhlBjItzlKvwU5onmd …
Well we are horrified at the statements you made about @POTUS. You may have just ask to be challenged in a primary. Just weak kneed rino.
TN-Please vote Corker out. He is not interested in helping others, only himself/special interests. Corker DOES NOT WANT TO #MAGA .
you picked the wrong side
I'm horrified at your lack of back bone! And your disgusting opinion of our President!
I sent many letters as an AZ business owner 2 Sen Flake 2 support POTUS 
I just donated 2 Kelli Ward 
Support POTUS pls
I am a white constituent from Tennessee. So proud of your statement on Trump and Charlottesville. Keep standing up America is behind you!
I'm horrified that you don't support our President! Your a TRAITOR to Tennessee!
have not seen you say
Aything about your fellow Senator
Wanting to kill Trump and send
A republican vice govenor sent
To a natzi death cap?
I thank you for speaking the truth about Trumps inability to lead this nation. I will remember your honesty at the polls.
Thankyou for your thoughtful statement on 45. I will support you here in Tennessee
disappointed in u-we realize your a follower of Barry and against our potus-ur just like flake who is obama groupie!be informed tenn GOP!
I AM ASHAMED OF U BEING ARE SENATOR. HOW DARE U TREAT OUR @POTUS  LIKE HE WASN'T ELECTED BY THE PEOPLE. UR ELECTION DAY IS COMING CANT WAIT
Stop disrespecting our POTUS. The people support Pres Trump. See CBS Poll-67% of R's support his statements on C'Ville. Only elite do not.
We are horrified at you bad mouthing our president. Spineless useless fake republican
Thanks for calling out the Prez for his total lack of professional, moral, and leadership qualifications
#25thAmendmentNow 
#25thAmendment
It would be best if we didn't hear from a GOP traitor. The day U R voted out will be a good day. Back who voters wanted or go home.
As a republican you need to stand by the President.
U R a really f-cked up person2say whatUdid about ur Prez. Uwould lie about your own Prez&jump on bandwagon for attention. U R A bad American
Thanks for speaking out against bigotry and hatred. It takes a big person to step out of the norm.
Thank you for putting  American values first!
I do appreciate your efforts in calling he president out on his destructive behavior. I hope others join you.
Do you people know history? White supremacists are Democrats. They are trying to fool you.
Thank you for your honestly and courage, Senator Corker!
#CorruptCorker
This is Bob... 
U realize what U have done by your trump statement. Many people R trusting you to follow through before he  destroys us.
#ImpeachTrump
Please support our President and stop preventing our success during this critical time of opportunity.  Don't hand Dems back our country. 
#FireBobCorker

She was N Charlottesville. She is not a neo Nazi & there were others like her. The president was right MSM is wrong. https://www.pscp.tv/w/bF8ehzFQWEtkUkpwUFp3RWV8MXlOR2FtUllZQWdHahhierKQWZ5Wi6B-byRcbQ29K5WhlBjItzlKvwU5onmd …
I disagree on functionality of president the problem is with the senate inability to get anything done.presidents deregulation has been a+
As are we, the American people, who are experiencing our own domestic terrors under this current administration.  Act on behalf of morality.
I smell a Tenn. primary coming.
Why not join "the People", Mr White Racist? Don't you have black employees that you consider yourself as a form of slavery ownership?
I am horrified that you are calling Trump not competent. Take time out before you continue this train of thought.
I love the grandstanding this jerk is doing now.  His giant "END SLAVERY" logo is up now that's it's in the news again.
You and other republicans are using President Trump as an excuse for not getting things done.
Only thing you're worried about is getting re-elected
I am a D from CT, leaving soon to visit your State. I am also a Vet. Thank you for your stand on POTUS. More R's need to stand up for USA!
Do you people know history? White supremacists are Democrats. They are trying to fool you.
I'M HORRIFIED BY YOUR ACTIONS
And you must take immediate action to remove him from office. All talk is cheap in these days.
I admire your statement on Trump, but as you your party were complicit in his rise, you must speak more than once and more directly.
How much money have you received from groups like CAIR?! #DrainTheSwamp
Where is your condemnation of Muslim Terrorism, by name?
You are the swamp. You have done nothing.
We are horrified by the terror attack of your election in Tennessee and join with the Tennessee people in praying for your speedy defeat
You are an hypocrite, hate our PRESIDENT and the people that voted for him  hope you are replaced. Our President is sane and a good person.
Unlike here. Fuck the victims
I'd pray for your reelection if I were you RINO....
Thank you Senator Corker. What you said about your friend , Donald Trump, was not easy to say to American citizens.
We all feel your fear.
#trump #stability #Corker

This is Bob... 
#SenCorker #Trump  It takes a lot of courage to let a friend , especially if they are the President of the U.S., know they need help
#SenCorker #Trump
Stop your nonsense on Trump! Haven't learned your lesson? People chose Trump over your crooked establishment.
Yes we are.  We're horrified by the domestic terror attacks in our homeland as well Senator.
It's hilarious u question competency as a member of the Senate who can't get healthcare right after 8 years.
Senator Corker, please specifically condemn Islamic violence and hate.  We need strong leadership. #Barcelona
Now that's a presidential response to this tragedy... the entire senate is more qualified to be potus than potus!! Thank you!
instead of your usual heaping of praises on him
No your NOT
LIAR
Stand with the President

Its time to drop the emotional response an learn the truth
SENATOR  YOU WANT TO PRAY. AFTER YOU PUST THE IRAN NUKE DEAL.  YOU SIR ARE INCOMPETENT. IN THE SOUTH WE CALL YOU 2 FACED
I spent 8yrs watching the left play racial politics an my party let them. If you dont stand up now there will be no more GOP.
Thank you for speaking out against racism, lies, and incompetent presidency.
Thank you Bob for staying with the "Emergency Plan" to deal with Islam. Yeah, followers of Mohammad ARE the problem to the West.
