Do something about Trump. Something ain't right!!
You're right! Something ain't right! You on the Left have lost your minds and are totally insane!!!
Too much REAL news for you. Trump said go by crackers because the moon is cheese.
Oh and another thing It's buy-Not by 
Just testing YOUR intelligence.
Lol
Having a serial liar and professional grifter in the @WhiteHouse doesn't help the situation.@SenBobCorker
right, you want business as usual. You are no better than the dems in congress. Get on board with change or get out of the way
How about all of you Senate Republicans stop kissing Trump's ass and do something to stop the madness? #ImpeachTrump #russiagate #traitors
I'm a bit more concerned about the ever-widening web of ties w/Russia, possible interference & collusion. But that's just me. #investigate
Actually more ties w/ #dems & #Russia than w/ @POTUS
Sen Corker, new Pres not given even a chance to succeed, means the system and will of people , no longer matter, at all
Sen. corker. .We've got to have people like you to help do the right thing.My whole town is cheering for you.Trump is amoral!Hurting the USA
we now know who was the one who leaked the dnc.The democrats will not agree with any thing coming from the president
Yep, Bob. It's a real pickle. Maybe we should perhaps move past partisan politics and investigate the Russia thing? Asking for a friend
Read "Shattered." Russia narrative developed after HRC lost & #SethRich wasmurdered.
We are in a helluva mess! Appoint a special prosecutor now into Trump/Russia collusion. Nothing else matters right now.
After months of investigating and leaking, where is the evidence for collusion? It doesn't exist, it would have leaked if there was one...
What's wrong with independent counsel to pursue? If it turns out there is nothing, shouldn't we be allowed to know that once and for all?
You are right. Our compromised Executive branch is taking up too much focus. Focus we need to spend elsewhere. #investigatetrump & #impeach
What proof do you have. What facts do you actually have. All talk, innuendo, posturing, rants. Instead look @ what @POTUS has really done.
Nepotism. Exploiting office of the Presidency for personal profit. Unconstitutional EOs. Swamp filler. Obstruction of justice. Treason.
Your duty is to support our President and stop grandstanding. Show some backbone and stand up to the media and theDems.
THEN GET THE HELL OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Trump is responsible for the current atmosphere in DC. This situation calls for a special prosecutor. Country over party.
I'm sure calling for an independent investigation to handle the Trump mess would help.
 or the Iran deal or the closet servers of Hillary ...
Corker, you and your Rino buddies are creating the current atmosphere. Time to quit sucking off the public and get a real job.
Hey Bob, I think it's disgusting how you are betraying trump and the GOP. Your comments toward trump are despicable! # votecorkerout!
Atmosphere in DC led by U, is preventing this President from moving forward. Dems & R"s. like you will stop @ nothing to destroy this Pres.
You might as welll be a DEMOCRAT. Time to send you home RINO!
Corker, your comments last night regarding Trump, without any facts, is helping the Dems continue to prevent fiscal mess. You're with them.
Fake News-Prosecute them. New Rules! Hurt Nation. Wash Post..... Liberals/fake conservatives unhinged. Consequences...
Dear@senBobCorker: Please use your influence to end the Trump Madness. We are terrified of what may happen next w/present leadership AWOL
Atmosphere? You and your party can clear up this "atmosphere" - start with the nonsense from this administration 
"Downward spiral"? Try "Mach 7 flying straight at the ground". You need to act to save our country. Are you a Republican or an American?
Explain why your committee decided to not issue sanctions against Russia for their interference in our election!! You owe us an explanation!
Do your ducking job then and stop traitor Trump!!!!
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation #IndependentInvestigation
Please run in 2020. xo from the other Jacobi.
If I could hit the "like button" twice, I would!!! Thank you Senator Corker.
Our country's fiscal situation is NOT an excuse for ignoring the Russia situation. It ain't 2008. Didn't you see DT's new taxpayer funded tv
I was at your Arlington town hall. Remember when you said if something interfered with this investigation, you would do something about it?
Yeah, just a little treason. Nothing to see here.
stand up to the bully and put country before party.
BLAME @realDonaldTrump for that! Not democrats. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #Shame
then stop acting like grade school kids and do the work of ALL Americans...2018
Sen Corker please push for an independent investigation of Trump and Russiagate. Hiding his treason implicates you too. Steve from Chatt
Can the grown ups in both parties lead the way towards civil discourse!
Then for god's sake impeach Trump for obstruction of justice, change the atmosphere. It will not change as long as he's there.
Explain why your committee decided to not issue sanctions against Russia for their interference in our election!! You owe us an explanation!
How do you say Helluva Mess in RUSSIAN?! Thought we should all start learning it now...
Sure, that's really the problem.
Who's running against this guy? Got fifty bucks for you. Facebook ads are pretty cheap and everybody sees them.
What Corker hears from you: did not clench fists enough, hair was 1/8 inch too long. Whine like wise Boomer, not foolish Millennial.
Its always something that stops you from doing your job. You professional politicians can't stop spending.
push for an Independent Council. This won't go away. From a constituent you represent who votes. A lot.
How many republicans are going down with the Trumptanic. Wake up and do your job. Represent the people not the party and the donors.
Independent investigation
The Republicans are preventing America from stopping RUSSIA.

#TrumpRussia
There's nothing like a sitting president colluding with Russia to get you all sidetracked. So sorry you are inconvenienced. You are a tool.
Fix the electoral college mess and this could have been avoided. I'm tired of my vote not being worth anything.
then take the steps needed to rectify the mess. A special investigator or commission of the Trump/Russia scandal.
Or just start the impeachment process!
So remove the distraction #impeachtrump
Investigate #TrumpRussia #impeach45 and then move on to the budget.
Investigate fine, but you R getting ahead of yourself. Read "Shattered." Wake up call for liberal sheep.
Then do something about the "atmosphere"--so far you are a major contributor!
Get rid of Trump, then maybe we will listen to your ideas.
You are betraying our country every time you opt for vagueness instead of truth in your speech. Put up or shut up & resign.
"Preventing" should be the last thing on your mind right now. Do something with your president!! Shame!
Do the right thing and get a special  investigator. #SpecialProsecutor
Special independent prosecutor first. Trump = corruption.
#Impeach45 --from a constituent
RUSSIA / TRUMP COULD BE THE PROBLEM !
With everything going on with Russia, the fiscal mess seems like the least of our worries. will we get special investigator on Russia?
Who are you?  Haven't seen you in Tennessee in months and months. Do I need to up my donations to count for anything?
Or fly to D.C. & see him @ is Tuesday  morning "breakfast with constituents"; don't expect Sen Mitch Corker to greet Tennesseans in TN!
The Left is going to keep pushing until the fools screw this Country up to the point of no return! Please don't let them!!
The wealthy of this country are accumulating wealth at rapid rate, middle class dying. Increase tax on unearned income.
...just keep trying to give tax breaks to your wealthy friends...everything will work out OK....
The "atmosphere" won't just go away on its own. You're focusing on the paper cut when you should be focusing on the gaping wound.
You kicked teachers in the teeth with @BetsyDeVos and now you want to sweep Russia under the rug?  Wow!  #byebob
we have more pressing issues at the moment #trumprussia
Just get on board with the #President @POTUS his agenda should be yours.
u sir r a traitor to this president
Investigating the current administration's ties to Russia is more important then our "fiscal mess"
You on the Left have lost your ever loving minds!!Stop with the Bullshit! Enough!!!!!!!!!!!
I imagine you could get to that pretty quickly if you supported an independent investigation into the Russian interference in our election.
You short little man defending another tiny little man.

Time for your big boy pants and act like a man, not a traitor & #coverup.
Please! Just gets some dialogue going. This stalemate is unacceptable.  Press on Senator
Honey. Pay attention to what's going on. You're either for independent investigation or you stand against Americans. Super clear.
Don't blow a cork. Get on with the job. May the Force (of the voters wrath) be with you.
Extending BUSH TAX CUT for say MAJOR DONORS? Has anything to do with the FISCAL mess?
OH-Well Sir. DC is so messed up it is going to take a lot more cleaning house. Get used to it.
There is one person most responsible for that atmosphere
SPECIAL INDEPENDENT NONPARTISAN INVESTIGATION TIME - no excuses!
That should be PROSECUTOR not investigation
