We know you're Trump's lapdog, Bob, but this is a new low even for you. When will you start putting TN before GOP?
Bob - besides you & Lamar, did you find anyone else that thinks this is a good idea?   Come to Knoxville & chat.

https://www.local10.com/news/politics/poll-abandon-repeal-and-replace-seek-bipartisan-answer …
Shame on you. I will remember this vote.
Dear member of the ruling party, I'd like you to go ahead & consider yourself incentivized to improve Obamacare now. #CorkerCare
We know what this vote means, repeal only. No replacement. If you cared you would have expanded in the first place. Pack your bags.Your done
Vote no stand up for the majority of American people and not just your party interest
Spineless sycophant
DO NOT repeal #aca with any of current proposals. They ALL will damage millions of people. I don't understand why YOU DON'T CARE! VOTE NO.
Okay, Bob. We'll see you at the polls next year.
there is only one way forward Bob; single payer, public option.
And the door will b opened to death panels like UK making life/death decisions for Charlie Gard bcause caring for him is too expensive.
refusal to insure those with pre-existent conditions is no better than a death panel, & making insurance unaffordable has the same effect.
Thats a ridiculous statement.in our system n an emergency NO one is refused care at a hospital unlike socialist countries.
and in non-emergencies? care is refused if you cannot pay.
Newsflash.cause i kno ths is where yur comin fromm.access to healthcare is NOT a right.nevr has been nevr will b if nonsocial votrs hve say
#ACA saved my fiance's life! Now has End-Stage Liver Disease. #Trumpcare will kill him. Please vote NO & #SaveACA!
Please use your heart and compassion for residents in nursing homes dependent on Medicaid. #VOTENOREPEAL
I just want to be super clear... so you don't care if my son has health insurance? He has a preexisting condition. The #aca saved us
He had a #bonemarrowtransplant in 2015 for #ipexsyndrome and if it weren't for the #affordablecareact we would be bankrupt
So you're ok with us going bankrupt to save our child? Ur ok with him losing his insurance just do you can undo this just because of Obama?
I am expecting a response, Senator.
This is Jack during transplant
This is him now... we are able to afford to keep our home and pay his medical bills on one income because of the #affordablecareact
Still waiting to hear from you regarding your position on this matter, Senator.
So I suppose this means that your constituents are not important enough to garner a response. Would love to sit down and talk, Senator.
Vote "no" on this stupid Trumpcare bill.  Get some balls and start doing what is best for the country, not party
Are you listening to your constituents? This is wrong and reckless. Shameful.
Bob - why do members of congress get special healthcare?  #maddow
Talk in circles all you want, Corker. You're voting with Trump & your vote will hurt Tennesseeans. We'll make sure they KNOW. RU kompromat?
And the The Senate too! We in TN will remember how Bob voted!
Please listen to your better angels & stand up to the lack of integrity, & knowledge occupying the Oval Office. #GiveReasonaChance
In January you said that you thought this was risky and voting for straight repeal was about making a political point. What has changed?
This is a horrible thing! So many will lose coverage, no protection for preexisting cond,  lifetime caps, Medicaid, etc. Disgraceful!
#CowardCorker strickly a party man. Cares 0 for constituents, or best for our Country.  #NO2CorruptCowardCorker
So senator your ok throwing millions off of healthcare?  Do you have a conscious?
Shame, Senator. You'll never get my vote if you willingly disregard public opinion and put so many lives at risk. Have a heart.
Bob, Come to Knoxville & talk healthcare.
It's now Oct.9th senator, nothing has happened to repeal or replace.
Repubs creating uncertainty in health care will cause insurance companies to raise my premiums and deductibles and co-pays...ALL REPUBS NOW!
How is thrusting people back into being denied coverage for Pre-Existing Conditions a "level playing field" @SenBobCorker
All these words mean nothing. Reconsider the human part of this issue. Your constituents will be mortally hurt by your vote. Please.
VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO
You will be killing people like me w/ Lupus and killing the dream of working for ourselves so we don't end up working in to an early grave.
Single-Payer Now!
Stop this health care bill! Put yourself in the shoes of those you're about to screw!  Election days aren't far away!
There is nothing "level" about the playing field before the ACA. More ppl now have coverage, if GOP stopped sabotaging it would be better!
VOTE NO ON REPEAL. Fix the ACA, If you are incapable of that step-away  from your post sir. Give your constituents the same plan we gave you
Bob, if 77% of the people were against this, would you listen to them?  https://www.local10.com/news/politics/poll-abandon-repeal-and-replace-seek-bipartisan-answer … #maddow
Obamacare could be tweaked, fixed, made to work well, must be eliminated because it carries a name hated by Trump. 
A sickness spreading!
Here is what our Tennessean newspaper says...
Sir no repeal....pls work on repairing ACA. We are more than put off by the threatening tone Trump is putting forth. Country before party.
That is all anyone can ask ,4 u 2 actually read .Then decide what is best. I don't care rep. or dem. But what is best 4 our country.
It doesn't "level the playing field", it completely destroys it.
This is pathetic. Supine. Cowardly. Inexcusable. Sycophantic.
Just repeal it and get out. Government run healthcare doesn't work. Just look at the VA.
Can you look in the mirror without turning away.  No real christian would do what you are suggesting. #peopleaboveparty
As a fellow Tennessean, I like your plan. Just hope you can get your fellow senators to follow and start collectively supporting #POTUS!
So, in short, you care more about Trump than the citizens that elected you. Good to know.
American conservatives voted for President Trump believe all of you need to get to work.  Close the doors, stay away from camera's and work.
Fix the ACA! It has saved my family from bankruptcy and guaranteed insurance for my son with a preexisting condition.
Don't you dare repeal without a replacement plan! You've had seven years... I have no confidence you'll come to any agreement in two more!
Let the Free Market work! Take Government OUT of healthcare!!
Senate Republicans have the majority and still can't do anything. Let's repeal and replace our elected officials.
To me I think trump needs to cut everyone of your paycheck to less then $10000 a year with all of the vacation time you have. Everyone!!!!
HC Bill=strip poker.Pause http://game.You  give me your clothes until game restarts.I hang your BVDs on a power line and watch movie.
HC bill=cookie we both want but can't eat until we agree how to split. You give me the cookie saying we'll agree on a split later. I eat it.
If you want a veteran instead to be our Senator instead of a corrupt millionaire see
They no repeal-without-replace will fail, but they need to show the PACs solidarity. 3/
GOP is trying to show the conservative PACs that they still have a critical mass of votes to execute PAC agendas and get PAC . 2/
I used to think that you represented TN well in Washington. You were bipartisan and often a voice of reason. What has happened? 1/
If you care at all for your constituents work to fix what we have.
How can you claim you're trying to lower the cost of health care, when repeal will cause premiums to double? You said it: incoherent
Finding new ways to disappoint Tennesseans! Thanks for "Making Tennessee Great Again!" #Sad!
This is so disappointing from you. Was hoping you would lead a Bi-partisan effort for us all.
to lower cost of health care ..1. allow Medicare to negotiate the cost of prescription drugs like insurance companies do...
Shame on you!
Disappointed in your stance on healthcare- all Americans deserve access to affordable healthcare- no faith in your "replacement " stance
I agree. You go!
Explain how the field was level before, please.
#repealbobcorker2018
Bob Corker is a #TrumpRepublican through and through.  It's your legacy.
Nonsense.  Do your job and make fixes to current #ACA law.  Work with #Democrats
Ur Hate towards low/middle income & ppl w/ disabilities/illnesses does not represent TN-32 million ppl lose insurance bc u rep Koch not TN
What's your opinion on single-payer?
Well it would be nice to have a universal Health care system for all countries to participate in and all the wealthy of all countries pay in
More like, what did they promise u? What are u getting out if it? How did they buy u?
The CBO projects doubled premiums & 32 million without healthcare if you repeal the ACA without a replacement. #NoRepeal #SaveMedicaid
Cutting Medicaid is not a way to lower actual healthcare costs. Medicaid has market power to negotiate lower rates that others do not.
Medicaid is affordable healthcare, 5% cost 95% go to healthcare. The insurance companies have an 80% profit margin=20 goes to healthcare.
Flip that. 80% is claims/care cost. 20% is payroll, overhead, buildings, admin, and profit. No idea about ur #s on Medicaid. Source please.
This is a terrible move. Shame!
I'll see ya at the next town hall you have bob. You're having one, right?So you can have discussions with your "colleagues and stakeholders"
I believe you will regret being on this side of history and drinking Trump's koolaid.  I thought better of you than you turned out to be.
me too.  the Trump loyalists are looking foolish tonight.
Stakeholder=Constituents?  I call/fax your office daily.  I get form letters back. Are you listening at all? #killthebill #lipstickonapig
Ditto. It's like trying to communicate with a brick wall. @SenBobCorker #eastTNresist #Resistance
You haven't listened to regular everyday citizens, b/c then you would know you are destroying their lives & some will die losing insurance.
Level playing field, huh? So the, what, 13% support for repeal just doesn't penetrate. So definitely time to organize against u, vote u out!
I was shocked shocked by your statement and that I missed the meetings regarding this issue! This stakeholder says NO full repeal repair ACA
You had 7 years own your failure
Um, this statement has zero substance
Geez the 335 Democrats in TN are loud. A replacement should have been ready but u never thought Trump would win. Caught with pants down.
#FAIL
What? What? What?
What shall I tell my homeless clients, many of whom have mental illness and addiction issues? We have to "level the playing field?"
Please don't do it.
I live in Chattanooga, don't remember opportunity to meet with you.
A stand you will regret in 2018. #MedicareForAll
Both sides did come together for a health Care solution, it's called the affordable care act.
You will be toast. Good luck on your re election
When election time rolls around, I will do everything I can to help my fellow voters repeal you.
Bulkshit. Cruz amendment leaves people vulnerable to medical costs not covered by cheap policies..bankruptcy looms. Stop being Trump lapdog
2017: Leadership = kick the can.
You had 8 years to put a plan on the table. Hang up your hat and come home.
DO NOT REPEAL! Work with Dems to fix what we already have. We will remember your vote.
I am not confidant that GOP can resolve healthcare or even wants to. You don’t seem to care about TN voters or it’s economy. #Dontrunagain
You and Sen. Alexander have avoided discussing this issue with the voters in TN. No town halls. You only meet with vetted, friendly groups.
The idea that a deadline will provide an incentive that does not exist now is unlikely. GOP is loathe to work with Dems.
Many of those insured under ACA would be priced out of coverage under the GOP plans. Abolish and replace later? No confidence in that.
Extremely disappointed in your choice to join GOP do nothing attitude. This will be why I vote against you. Our state deserves better.
Both House and Senate plans disenfranchised the poor, disabled, chronically ill, elderly and veterans who rely on Medicaid.
Senate plan was drafted in secret - ask Lamar he was one of the Secret 13 working on it. GOP plans were just a transfer of wealth.
Your statement also implies that Dems refused to participate in drafting Trumpcare. Truth is they were disinvited to participate.
GOP had 7 years to work on a replacement plan and they came up with plans aimed at only providing a tax cut for the wealthy.
Please Jesus lower the cost. It's bankrupting my very average middle class family and today, we're all relatively healthy. #helpteachers
What a cowardly way to govern.  You know the Senate and House will likely be Democrats in 2018.  You are playing kick the can.  SAD
Don't worry though, Democrats will fix it for you (again).  By the way, Support James Mackler @VeteranAttorney
From one to whom you rudely said while in your office, "You have big feet!", I say with regard to healthcare "Your foot is in your mouth!"
Hope you read each response on this thread. Not seeing much support here. About 500 to 3. Hope this rings true in 2018
Totally disagree with your position. Please hold a town hall.
No no no. _If_ you can make a better plan, you can do it while this one is in place. Or, sure, repeal it, but expect to lose your jobs.
Isn't doing the right thing for the American people incentive enough?
So it takes TNeans losing healthcare & lives for you to work with Dems?  Play God much? Look ashamed very ashamed
Best path for who????
Did you talk to the people who vote for you?
Nope.
U stated just the opposite on January 6th 2017. This is exactly why Trump carried Tn. citizens tired of swamp creatures!!
Just add a public option and be done with it. Easy mode, my friend.
I am curious. Exactly what could a conservative have in common with modern day Democrats on Health Care?
DOES ANYONE REMEMBER THE SEQUESTER? You'll have an incentive to put off doing your job till the consequences are even bigger.
What stakeholders? Certainly not people in my county.
Vote out this Trump puppet.
I thought Bob Corker would be a courageous voice for conservatism. I was wrong about both. Another follower. Another RINO.
So, what do the 32 million people do who won't have health care coverage when a new plan isn't passed in time?
This is idiotic! Talk to doctors, nurses, hospitals. Health care is a major industry in Tennessee!
BS isn't our best interest to repeal & u know it quit lying like DT & do your job for us  we voted u in & can vote u out
So ... repeal means back to lifetime caps and not covering pre-existing conditions. You know that right?
Level playing field? The GOP isn't even in the game! TN refused Fed Insurance $ strike 1!
Stand up for Tennesseeans not insur
Co.s and Pharma. Single payer or Medicare for all!
Always said you need certain repeal as leverage for proper replace. Time period must be short to avoid entitlement creep. Then cover only
catastrophic needs, which is inexpensive, and let everyone pay for all the small stuff themselves.
You are WRONG.Your state is small and not the majority of views.We want the ACA fixed & Medicaid expanded. Your partisanship is unAmerican.
You believe wrong !
Have you checked in with the voters in TN lately? Sounds many of us don't want to get sick and die without health insurance.
RIdiculous! You guys still kick it down the road.  The  BHO care(less) failure is yours.  2018 will not be good for USA.
how did they buy you off ? Or is it your endless lips on McConnells ass.
#partyabovecountry. Disgusted. 32 million people. Voted for you in the past, never again. #midterms2018 come quickly.
And please, do tell the voters (remember "we the people" that put you in office and will put you out?), who are your "stakeholders"?
You're literally holding the health and lives of Americans hostage. It's a bad decision and you should feel bad about it.
All the prez wants is a win..has no interest in the people of this country and u are muppet follower..
Gov't needs to regulate the Markup/markdown policies between Insurances & Hospitals. Stop making Asprin $1000 so that Hospital gets paid $10
Country over party, Senator. You put millions of lives at risk so an incompetent POTUS can have a policy win. This shows lack of character.
If you're surprised by Bob Corker's lack of character, I have some land in Asia I'd like to sell you.
Those are nice words, but why, after 7+ years of words, is there not something viable for citizens already? When will people come b4 party?
Repeal. No replacement necessary.  It's called free market Bob. Just like it used to be a free country.
Regrettable position. NO NEED to repeal the ACA - with attendant uncertainty - while working sincerely on improvements/changes to it!!!
Corker why would you want to gamble with healthcare when your own party couldn't get together to pass a bill in the first place?
I prefer the term "constituent" over "stakeholder," Senator. Did you talk to constituents, too? I think you'd hear a different story if so.
Did you make this decision at lunch with Trump over "the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake you've ever seen"? Sad!
Thats like throwing your pilot out of the plane & convincing yourself you can learn to fly before you hit the ground #RidiculousSollution
If I don't get healthcare, neither should you!
Let us see if you will stand up to hospitals, Doctors, and pharmaceutical companies to get them to lower their prices?
I beg to differ. I need health insurance. Am an independent contractor w/pre-existing condition. Who will insure me? You? 
I want government completely out of my health care and medical decisions. Do the stakeholders you speak of only include corporate healthcare
I hope you will rethink this, Senator.  I often agree with you but not on this action.  The health care bill is too important.
#TRUMPCAREKILLS  If you vote for this bill we will vote you OUT!  Tennessee deserves better.  Remember you WORK for US!
Wow, seriously? I am stunned by the stupidity of that statement. So, just forget the impact that will have on Americans.
by "level playing field" you mean where the rich can afford health ins and 47m Americans cannot, like it was before ACA? #SaveOurCare
You mean like the whole sequester business that was "so draconian" that a deal would be made to avert... which never happened!
Where were the Republicans before the ACA? Nowhere! Where are they now? Nowhere. Let the Democrats take care of it. They care about us.
You represent a state where healthcare is a MAJOR industry. Yet, you don't listen to your constituents, hospitals, or providers. #BadMoveBob
Good. Thank you. Better nothing than what we have now or has been proposed. Get government out entirely.
By "level playing field" you mean striping coverage from millions. How is that level?
You can't replace it now after having 7 years to think of a plan. Why should anyone believe you'll be able to do it in the future?
What is wrong with you people, Corker? And what's wrong with us electing shiftless millionaires only there to enrich themselves? Wake up TN.
How much did it cost for you to change your mind? You can answer in either dollars or lives, your choice. #Healthcare #RepairHealthcare
I couldn't be more disappointed in this decision. You have failed to listen to your constituents and have turned your back on Tennessee.
Traitor.
DO SOMETHING. 2018 is coming.
Fix what's wrong with the ACA do not repeal!
Yet another reason to vote you out of office in 2018.
Senator-honesty please. No repeal & come to the table now to make fixes needed. Repeal was/is juvenile grandstanding! Country over party!
vote him out
Damnit, Bob! Fix what we have!  This isn't a blue team red team issue. This is a life saving issue. We John Q Public don't have time to wait
Republicans control the House, Senate & the WH but still can’t agree on a new plan. Stop your charade & repair the plan we’ve got. NOW!
Nice. I'm surprised there's not more emphasis on need 2 ensure health care remains high quality. Risk of worse care seems lost in shuffle.
Health care is complicated. The American ppl deserve to hear from experts. No repeal w/o a committee hearing please!
hear hear,repeal every word of this abomination then after discussion put forward a replace bill,the democraps would join this
You know that Republicans have no plan to replace the ACA & that they will never replace it, leaving millions uncovered. You're pathetic.
WTF are you babbling on about!
Lol
Wouldn't it be right just to give the people the SAME health plan you have? We have the same rights as YOU! #healthcarebill #ProtectOurCare
What colleagues in TN. There has been no town hall for constituents in and around Nashville.
Transition to what? You had years to develop a plan. You failed.
Can you explain why you hate your constituents and want them to lose coverage? Explain the CBO score and why you still support it.
You understand that you're supposed to represent the people of Tennessee, right?
Repeal now, replace never. Americans will die because of you and your ineffectual cowardice.
Your debt is to those of us in dire need in TN. Please do the right thing .Don't repeal ACA.
Remember the sequester deal? That didn't work either. Remove the mandate, repair the sabotage and let the ACA work. Bring better plan later.
No repeal without a plan.   So far Congress & Senate have given us terrible plans.  Can't trust you to do right.
Completely disgusting!!  U and your family as well as everyone else in congress should lose your insurance as well!   Unbelievable. Shame!
But if anyone has the world's goods and sees his brother in need, yet closes his heart against him, how does God's love abide in him? /1
1 John 3:17.   /2
Ya didn't talk to me either!
let's repeal your healthcare while we are at it
There's a name for you Corker, COMPLICIT!

Not surprising, but still disappointing. When will you put the people of TN ahead of party and politics?
