too bad you greased the skids for Obama Iran Deal isn't it?
It's about time our leaders show their cojones ligitimately. Blow ISIS off the face of the earth. @SenBobCorker thank you for your statement
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS all sold us to Putin! Turn America over and it's says "This ass belongs to Putin: Property of Russia!"

u're totally of topic Bob. Not a fan of ISIS bt I do know I die if I don't get 2 the dr. & get my meds. Medicare 4 all. Priorities Bob
But @POTUS is playing around w/ Russia. Would love to see your statement on that, @SenBobCorker!! You are letting TN down. #angryconstituent

SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT! You better stop going on disgusting Morning Joe and criticizing  Trump. You are up for reelection in 2018!!
Today, Corker wld like 2 vote on Trumpcare bill grnteed 2 kick millions off ins. He just dosn't know how many millions yet, & doesn't care.
Right & stupid congress like Corker want to take POTUS ability to negotiate sanctions! Congress can't even pass a bill! Ridiculous Corker!
Trump & co are doing espionage and treason  under your nose. Do something about it already @SenBobCorker. #TrumpRussia
Before @SenBobCorker eyes!! He is culpable! #golfingbuddies
Your President is aligned with Putin. You cannot be happy with that.
Yes Corker is just fine with being aligned with Putin
Dear Linda. You are aware that thru Russian connection hillary and dimocrat campaign mgr podesta pocketed hundreds of millions don't you?
This admin. is a damn disaster and you know it. Support for this admin. is a slap on America while sitting in the lap of Putin. Disgusting
Corker, helping to make Russia great again.
We have been focused inn ISIS for several years now. Trump is following what OBama was doing. I give him no special credit.
It looks like he's more focused on annihilating this country's constitution. Sessions soon gone then Mueller. You've picked your team.
Why are you even tweeting about this and allowing 45 to continue making any decisions. He's a liar and traitor. Stand up!!
But the admin *is* trying to play us concerning Russia. And you're allowing it to continue.
have you read the NYT interview from @POTUS. He is threatening Mueller. Stop heaping praises on this madman.
I really like that you support our President. Thank you for #MAGA
Fact: All attacks on US are home grown! Like all baddies they come back stronger & more angry. @gop @dnc have really screwed the pooch!
The only thing Trump is focused on is his golf game.
What is he doing different than the last administration?
Grow a pair corker, your sycophantic nonsense is NAUSIATING. How do you look in the mirror. You're worse then trump, U SHOULD NO BETTER
The trump admin which USUPPORT &ENABLE,is ALWAYS playing .Did u read the INTERVIEW?Trashing our FBI, doj, he is loyal 2 no1.UR TURN SOON
No, the "administration" is completely focused on annihilating the independence of the DOJ, the FBI, and the Russia probe.

WAKE. UP.
Senator we are with him too. You guys have to realize we are in control in both houses and it rains to start doing what We the People asked!
Like pass healthcare 
Well said!
Corkers support for defunding CIA support for Syrian rebels is treasonous.
Come out from under the ether. Do you want your fate to be connected with a man whobl rejected you as CO candidate because you're a runt?
Now let's get that #HealthcareBill done this week so no one misses out on Making America Great Again come 2018. We Love our @POTUS 
When will you and complicit #GOP help get Putin's POTUS45 out of WH? This is war if you didn't get the memo.
They are playing around, a round of fucking golf
So you are just deciding the US is a Russian satellite? Shall we just move Putin into WH?  #TrumpTreasonTrain
Making a deal with Putin is as dumb as making a deal with Trump.  The knife will soon be in America's back! #SupportSanctions
Kremlin out of WH!! #SupportSanctions
This is TRAGIC!  Sanctions NOW!  Get the Kremlin out of our house!
He's intent on annihilating us. Please. Be a statesman.
Who cares! Aligning with Russian and turkey? Please
Yeah he's a terrorist just like ISIS Americans are focused on Russia crooked Trump is a traitor and anybody that follows him is the same
How can you still be backing this psycho and inept administration???
Isis , The State Dept, EPA, Healthcare. A lot of annihilation going on.
Mattis I trust. That orange clown, not so much. Shame you do.
Traitor.
More like focus on annihilating the united states #shameonyou #CorruptAF
It's hot out. Have some ice with your purple kool aid.
Glad we have a president with morals and a backbone!
ISIS was done 6 months ago. It is the GOP strawman.
In light of the facts, your statement obliterates any sense of decency one might presume you have.
ISIS must be defeated, but how will drastically increasing civilian deaths help achieve that?  Won't it just aid their recruitment efforts?
Don't trust anything that Donald Trump says, he is a Traitor. Vote no on Trump Care.
I'd rather be aligned with Putin than al Qaeda.

Probably PUTIN ordered to TRUMP to stop helping ASSAD opposition at their PRIVATE meeting? Of course TRUMP listened & executed the order?
Supporting Assad?  You sir, are a hypocrite.
What about healthcare? They're going to kill us before ISIS
Yea because somewhere in the constitution it says government should control health care. NOT!
Unfortunately, starting to believe we may have more to fear from GOP Congress than ISIS. #fixaca #protectmyvote
You are a fool.
Do your job! Help IMPROVE the #ACA. #Trump is playing around. That's all he does. He plays with Putin all the time.
The administration is corrupt. There is something in it for them?  Do one possibly good thing to get what they want that harms the citizens.
So not helping anti-Assad forces is counterproductive?  More weasel words from you... do your job!!
Senator, we must not kill. I understand the imperatives of war, but hope there's a surrender option given even to ISIL. (Non-constituent.)
I respect you a great deal, Senator, but it should not be remarkable that the President is not "playing around" when it comes to war.
Lies. Your positive statement makes you complicit in Trump's giving Putin what he wants in Syria.
You will be caught if you took ONE dime of money from Russia or from any other Super PAC that was forbidden. Raid in Maryland? Name on docs?
My full statement : Can't wait till you get voted out, you completely lost your backbone and let every TN voter down. #byebob
Did you get a sense of what the #Administration is going to do to protect civilians from #Assad's genocide/terrorism, the root of #ISIS?
You're praising the corrupt Trump, Coker. We are standing against YOU right now. What kompromat is being held over you? Did you take money?
Military defeat of ISIS NOT same as cozying up to Russia! What did T talk to Putin about privately?
Did you say ISIS? I thought I heard health care
What happened to the secret 30day plan..? How  about all this winning? Laughable.  Your complacency in treason is outrageous.
Our @POTUS and his family are inflicting harm on our country; and they're not playing around with that either.
Any particular reason why we should believe them now?  How was the BCRA lunch?  Who made the Kool Aid?
You will never see this on CNN or MSNBC.
What the fight against ISIS? Been covered for years now.
By using Obamas plan
At what cost? Treasonous backdoor dealings with Putin? He's a murderous dictator and an enemy of America.
Excellent update by an excellent senator. Even if Rs as a group cannot get it together, some good work does get done we never hear about.
Need you to focus on fixing Obama Care and Impeaching Trump. That's it
