For the love all that is good and decent, do not vote to take away healthcare from the poorest amongst us. Or stop calling yourself pro life
We the people don't care about core elements.  You either repeal the whole thing, or we'll repeal you come the next election.
No what this amendment was, was a cheap attempt to get into conf. so that you could say you at least did, "something". Stop being lazy.
16 million would be without healthcare. Where is your conscience?
Purposely creating so much uncertainty and hurting those who need health insurance the most is just cruel. You should be ashamed.
Seriously Paul, Obamacare is dying, what are we going to do when it's dead? Something needs to happen soon and the issue needs addressed!

You've inspired me to get involved and help promote whomever runs against you next election. Healthcare should not be a luxury.
Goodness you keep banging away at this.
Repeal VA/DoD Clinical Practice Guideline for Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain; Version 3.0 – 2016. Published - February 2017. It's genocide
You don't care about Tennesseans like me. If you vote yes, we'll vote you out.
Stop supporting this administration's bad policy. Take a stand. Have some morals. Don't gut the ACA.
Nobody cares about your statement!We care about our healthcare.fix what we have! You have had 7 yrs duping us into thinking there was a plan
.@SenAlexander @SenBobCorker gotta vote NO on #SkinnyRepeal 16 mil Americans & 1/4 mil TNs lose coverage. Repeal is wrong. Do what's right!
Let's primary this RINO.
Affordable healthcare is not what you want for Tennessee? I can't imagine a better use for the money we tax payers send to D.C
Vote "NO" on skinny bill. It WILL become law costing loss of insurance and jobs in TN
You should fear for your own wellbeing, especially since you fail to consider that of your constituency.
#ProtectOurCare #SaveTheACA
Goody for you. Hope you're proud.
You just lost the respect of many physicians.
Corker is worth tens of millions, lives in a giant mansion, and supports a repeal that will result in 40,000 preventable deaths per year
Bob Corker's wife used to spend between 30 and 40 thousand dollars in one stop at a fine jewelry shop my ex used to work at.
This is NOT what your constituents want!!! I will lose my insurance if you do this. Unacceptable!!! #SaveACA
Nice to know you stand for letting millions go untreated with 1000s dying; you would be complicit in 20,000 deaths/year
Are u continuing down this path of SHAME? Vote NO to "skinny repeal".
Too little too late, RINO!
We won't forget. 2018 is coming up fast. Time to turn Tennessee blue you vile excuse for a public servant.
Very unhappy with this position. Just amend the ACA as it stands, working with Dems.  Stop playing political theatre with our lives.
It worked well for the sequester. Wrong move. Lead and come up with something. Same ole same ole.
Please vote for your people not your party
Which ones?
Preexisting conditions?
On parents plan till 26?
Birth control coverage?
No lifetime caps?
Cancer screenings?
Annual checkups?
His response says that he wants a new bill with "broad" support from both sides. He means in congress. NM the 20mil who could lose HC
Whom do you work for, Sen Corker?  Certainly not the people of Tennessee.  Bless your heart.
Senators not concerned w/ the "substance" of the bill they're about to vote on, they just want a guarantee the House won't pass it too. Wow.
I expect you, Sen Corker, to always put your constituents, TN, and USA ahead of GOP and its false pride. Vote No on Skinny Bill!
Thank you my family does not need the Gov in our healthcare.Our bills have tripled since  it came to pass From my business and family
This is cowardly and wrong and you know it. It is your job to take care of Tennesseeans, and we need Medicaid. I hope you lose your job.
If we don't see you supporting Trump and getting rid of Obamacare, watch how quickly Tenn Repubs will turn on you.
What's the rush? Passing a bad bill, just so you can say you passed a bill? This is NOT a smart route to a GOOD solution!
Please vote no for Skinny Bill which you know is bad and then try to fix later. Wait and vote yes for a good bill, even if it takes longer!
Please don't vote yes on Skinny bill! Quit wasting time shoring up GOP ego! Fix Obama care as needed. It is working!
The idea to FIX something already passed works! Don't replace O-care, just fix as needed. It works! Senators need to act for USA, not GOP!
I bet you won't give up your healthcare w/ the ACA part that allows FREE "preventive" services for you & your familyRyan agrees
Over lunch you crafted a bill that will protect all Americans, not gut Medicaid, no age tax & lower premiums?  Thought not!  #KillTheBill
You are voting for legislation that hurts A HUGE NUMBER of Americans and Tennesseans. Hope you feel good about that. Will hurt 4 reelection
When you have more replies than likes asking you to care about the lives of TN citizens that should mean something to you. #peopleoverparty
As one of your constituents who cannot get through by phone, please vote against any version of the Healthcare bill. Leave the ACA in place.
Vote no on trump care, instate single payer, impeach trump, please!!!
Don't U ever get tired of being wrong. Sorry the black man is better than all of U put together but hurting millions for vanity is sick.
I can't wait to cast my vote against this self-promoting, arrogant, heartless fool.
No, stop taking healthcare away from those who need it most. Where is your decency?
No matter how much you pay to get relected, you will retire in 2018, oh the sanction bill, who got to you? #dirtycorker

You're such a disappointment to all Tennesseeans. Country over party sir.

"Skinny repeal" of Obamacare would leave 16 million more people uninsured in a decade!! @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenAlexander
I hope you enjoy your albatross.
I will continue to vote for your replacement as you and the GOP have proven time and again that you care nothing about your constituents.
Please don't. Our premiums will escalate and that means no insurance. Why can't we have what you and others in government have?Chattanoogan
We want repeal ONLY! No replace! Private sector will replace. That's what we elected you to do! #FullRepeal!
VOTE NO on any bill that denies 16 million health ins. We see u trying to pass anything so it goes back to the House and comes back worse!
You are up for reelection in 2018.  Vote for skinny repeal and we will unseat you.
I can't wait to donate to your opponent's campaign. You're toast, my man.
Skinny repeal will hurt me. Why can't you work with the democrats and actually help people?
https://www.facebook.com/tndem/photos/a.10150148030080831.339319.123394135830/10155298727295831/?type=3 …
So 22 Million Americans without healthcare is acceptable to you?
You do NOT have my permission to vote on a Healthcare bill that has not been scored by the CBO. We are a democracy - this should be public!
Great! The 3.8% tax has already cost my family $114000 plus.  It will cost us another $32000+ when the farm is sold. Kick Lamar in the butt.
Tennessee deserves healthcare
"Skinny repeal” would unravel the individual market, exacerbate affordability issues critics are trying to address. http://spr.ly/60108s7vQ  
Tennessee constituents deserve better
#CORKCorker next election . HeThrows constituents under the bus while propping up the Russians. #Traitor
May your personal healthcare evaporate along with your families and children's.Wishing you EVERYTHING you wish for your voters.Salute!
Shame on you.  This will be remembered.
You're not fooling anyone. You had many years to develop a better plan. You just don't believe in universal coverage but won't admit it.
I will be sure to vote against you in the coming elections and will be active in getting others to do the same if you vote to repeal ACA
Voting to repeal ACA negatively impacts my mom, your constituent. If you cared for your people, you wouldn't be doing this.
Please reconsider repealing such fundamental tenants of the ACA that make it sustainable.  Your constituents and MY patients deserve it.
Repeal it and no single payer !!
Why would you do this? Maybe if you met with your constituents and hear what they wanted you would stop worrying about just your pockets
Pls don't keep kicking the can down the road. Physical & mental suffering is daily for US citizens. Search your heart. #VOTENO
I am very saddened by your position on healthcare coverage. Visit a rehabilitation/nursing home where residents depend on Medicaid. #VOTENO
Please ensure no abortions, contraceptives,sterilization,gender changing and any funding for any abortion providers esp Planned Parenthood!
As your constituent, I am imploring that you [for once] put your country before your party and vote NO on repealing Obamacare.
Do not do this. You are going to be responsible for the deaths of Tennesseans. Stop this now! Your job is to represent what we want and need
U are a traitor to the very people you are there to represent and protect do not BRAG about stripping healthcare because you are a racist
of course you would, you are much like Trump. Pathetic. This will cost thousands of jobs in the healthcare industry.U R gone next election
Vote NO to the 'Skinny Repeal'. We know what you're doing, Corker. This is a back door amendment to repeal the ACA while you still look good
It's irresponsible to repeal ACA. Your constituents are against this vote. Vote NO on any repeal, especially Skinny Repeal.
Just who do you think you are representing? I hope the GREAT ins YOU have covers a BACKBONE transplant.
We need a clean repeal! We (Conservatives) believe that you are all in big Pharma's and the healthcare industry's back pocket.
Obamacare polls should be limited to those who have it...If you like your Obamacare you keep it.....I dare you to let the victims vote
today, i will pray to god that you have a stroke and are permanently incapacitated, but that you linger on life support for 15 years.
Why did you vote for cloture to end debate and allow Harry Reid to pass Obama care with only 51 votes? You have never answered the question
YOU SUCK!
Thank you @SenBobCorker for doing the right thing .. ObamaCare is a disaster.. now we must replace it!!!
Murder.
What part of full repeal don't you understand?
We need to Repeal and Replace the GOP. That's the real problem with the ACA and TrumpCare. People want a working healthcare plan in the USA.
@James_Mackler For Senate 2018!
You represent the businesses that fund your campaigns. Not the citizens of TN. This is the 5th unhealthiest state in the nation.
Your callousness is in line with POTUS. TN knows too well whose side you are on. Advice=don’t run again. #FixACA
As usual, that's a shame. Hurting people isn't progress.
coward
Thanks for voting yes to repeal ACA it's killing small business and please vote yes on any repeals we can hey
I hate to hear this news.  I expected more.  So much more.
Please, I am a constituent, do not vote yes for this bill. Work together and come up with a better plan. That's why your there.
We will vote Lamar Alexander out at re election time. ACA destroyed healthcare and he did nothing to help. What good is he?
Thank you @SenBobCorker for keeping your word. Disappointed @SenAlexander for folding on his position and letting down Tennesseans.
Sorry to see this. Tennessee is a low income state. Our neighbors need all the help they can get.
Too bad Alexander didn't get the message
Bad idea Senator.  You can say goodbye to Nashville if you do that....
The blatant lack of concern for the welfare of the people, is beyond disgusting! We see the consequences of your vote? Do you? Listen!
Essentially dismantling the ACA, causing a death spiral. Instead of repealing and taking ownership, you will undermine it and blame Dems.
I hope the people of Tennessee remember this vote and send you packing
And on election day I will vote for your opponent...what kind of health care do you receive?
The core elements are what supports health insurance for MILLIONS of Americans.
If you're going to keep Obamacare light, you might as well just work with the Democrats and deliver changes that will help Americans.
Our only hope is that congress has a solid plan to replace it. Don't let partisanship keep Americans from having health care.
Lamar had courage. You are a coward. Start packing your cardboard box with your plants and picture frames because it's "Corker Out!"
What's in the bill, Bob?  Oh, you don't know????
Of course you will. I pray that you lose this vote and your next election.
Cause u have read the entire bill urself & feel it is a good bill? Has nothing to do with party lines or that Obama's name in the title?
You voted NOT to proceed, but then voted FOR a vapor-ware promise of future legislation when they proceeded anyway?
WTG!
Thank you for your vote to repeal. It's shameful that your RINO counter part did not follow your example.  You will get my vote -- he won't.
And because of that, I will vote against you in the next election. Your choice is not beneficial to our country.
Thank God.
Feel betrayed, you n Lamar Alexander voted WITH the Dems on Tue night. Will NOT vote for you comes Nov.
The GOP had 7YEARS to come up with a better plan-where is it? Don't repeal what's helping people,just because GOP can't think up better plan
You know, it's this kind of behavior that keeps the world thinking Tennessee is full of backward hicks. Stop ruining it for the rest of us.
Thank you for voting YES!  Ocare has already failed & I cant afford the insurance.  Break the insurance oligopoly the only winners from OBC.
YOU LIE! You voted against it!
How can you even sleep at night?  Any real conservative would agree that having people insured is better than not having them insured...
Hey, Judas, how many pieces of silver did you get to betray the American people?
You are done.  Long term R and voted for u every time.  Done with you and Alexander.  Gone!  Repeal!
Your willingness to endanger the lives of millions of your fellow Americans is frightening. Please reconsider.
The people of Tennessee will make sure you to voted out.
We will not forget that Republicans put party over country.  Must make life easier to not care about anyone but yourself.
Your last name is an indication of your character
Thank you Senator Corker!!!
You should be ashamed of yourself. So many people in our state will suffer because of you
Honestly dont know if you or Senator Alexander is right but praying all of you can come together to fix our health care!
Thanks for your vote to repeal.
Single Payer Now!  Health care is a right.  It is not a privilege.
Re: Ignatius Interview:I support and respect your views on Iran sanctions

You seem to have a good relationship with Trump so stop him from causing Americans to live in fear.
When will you have a townhall? Corker is a coward!
Don't raise premiums!
I was so proud of your no last night

Your vote canceled out by #LamarAlexander. I won't be voting for him again.
So why don't you think you deserve the same healthcare? How hypocritical!
We need to repeal. We need insurance options in Tennessee, can't get health insurance for my son when I lose my healthcare job Friday
Thanks for nothing Alexander is 10x's the man!
When you state "broad support" do you mean broad support of Republicans or all Americans? I think all Americans need your support.
I will help to replace you
It's amazing you want to repeal what was  based on a REPUBLICAN PLAN. #ROMNEYCARE
Disappointing
Your statement is sad.  You have no plan for replacement.
I will send my medical bills to you
Will you vote Bob Corker out of office the first opportunity you get?
sorry to hear that
As a constituent, I urge you to honestly consider how this would hurt so many people. How can you think this is ok? Make a better plan first
Why don't u have the incentive now??
Gonna vote you out for sure.
I hope you still feel that slavery was "bad"
  Cmon man
Shameful.
WTF dude!!!
@SenBobCorker the option you boast of supporting would lead to more damage done to Tennesseans than literally ANY other option.
I promise with all my heart I will voting for someone else Kurtiss
Shame.
Why?
