The decision by President Trump to withdraw from the bad Paris deal was the right move! We appreciate a President standing up for America!
What specifically is bad about the Paris deal?
It seems your answer is "nothing", Herr Colonel.
You guys are the weakest people that have graced this administration I will work tirelessly to have you voted out!
Even more worrying if you set a prescient of undoing everything the previous POTUS did why would any country ever trust our treaties/pacts?
Why don't you focus on training people for new jobs like making solar panels instead of risking the Earth on dangerous and dying industries?
Jesus. Grow a pair and stand up for yourself...
Because he won't stand up for what is right. Party over country, these days.
Corker: "I think the Paris Accord is good, but it really makes it hard for Trump's administration to dissolve environmental protections."
You, sir, have no spine.
Amazing these are our elected officials...vote them all out now.  Evil Losers!

.@AP photo shows @SenBobCorker Peyton Manning in golf attire exiting vehicle in motorcade after returning @whitehouse from Trump golf course
Look into what it takes to make lithium for battery and high purity silica for a solar panel. Disgusting, polluting and NOT energy neutral
Sad day for our country.
Good for you, Senator Corker! We all want a clean environment. The accord was a bad deal that cost taxpayers billions & jobs. March on!
Poor. Appallingly cedes ethical & economic leadership of US. As a Chattanoogan you should know the value of green innovation @SenBobCorker
Senator Corker ur awesome man.San.we hav 2 defend the bible belt.the but bible belt needs militias soon,maybe,.Im redy,Muslims  pedophiles
Why be on the wrong side of history on EVERYTHING? Climate, health care...a stable planet & affordable care when sick are basic human needs.
I used to think you were a reasonable human. I'm ashamed of you and hope there will be someone else to vote for come your re-election.
There is no negotiating on the deal. You are in or out, gutless wonder. Great way to let China be the world leader
If you care about the people of Tennessee, who voted you in, you would pushback hard. Renegotiating is not in Trump's  vocabulary.
Not going to be renegotiated. Bad decision. Regulations are fine.
Thank you for helping and supporting President Trump
Gen. 2:15 The Lord God took the man and put him in the Garden of Eden to work it AND TAKE CARE OF IT. Ignorant make the rest look bad!
Genesis 8:22 answers your response. Please read it, if you care about your faith.
No surprise given how you bowed to him over embarrassing foreign trip. He has no concept of our world standing.
45 has no concept of the damage he has done.  Our rep's don't have the stones to advocate for us.
Do you actually believe the Deal maker in chief could negotiate a deal that 195 countries would sign?
Sen. Corker, your statement is weak. Withdrawing from the agreement is a clear mistake for Tennessee, for America, and for the world.
willfully ignoring effects of climate change does not help flooding is one of them
I agree with you and stand behind you.
I'm sorry. Was that supposed to say something?
What, there is no renegotiation option when EVERY other country in the world is on board but 3 now. Stop the lies sir!
What??  Your effort to appear as the "reasonable" one in the Trump cadre is failing.  We don't buy it.
Pathetic, Corker.  Just disgraceful.  The reckoning is coming...
It will take a Republican with moral backbone to start the momentum to save this country. I had hoped that would be you. Don't wimp out!
What a straddling the fence statement! I'm sure glad we have a man of COURAGE LIKE TRUMP INSTEAD OF YOU!!!!!!!!
I had hope that you would stand against 45's cruelness, dishonesty & ignorance. His acts are yours. I shall no longer separate him from you.
Pass the TRUMP TAX CUT!!!
Everything about this is an embarrassment
We just took one giant step backwards as global leaders. Embarrassing and dangerous.
Are you being paid by the word?? This was precision fence-sitting at its finest.
It is unconscionable that you would in any way support his decision.
It was never ratified by the Senate?
This is so dumb. How do you plan to create a better environmental plan? Global warming is real and threatens everything we hold dear.
the world is not interested in negotiating with trump.
Your statement reflects lack of realization  of the danger climate change is to future generations and is a "stick head in sand" approach.
How does it look up there on that fence while straddling?  Better yet.  Lame.  Don't go down with the captain that will jump ship first.
 You're failing us
You are an embarrassment.
Coward
You're ridiculously on the wrong side of history. You should resign as Chair of Foreign Relations Com. Clearly they all hate us
Stop being a coward. What is actually in the best interest of Americans is not denying the facts of the situation we are in currently.
#wrongsideofhistory
blah blah blah #2018
This is  not how you renegotiate a better deal. You are better than this and we need reasonable people to stand up and do the right thing.
Again you stand with party over country! very, very disappointing.  SAD.
Hear you also are blocking further sanctions on Russia.  What are they paying you to sell out your country and your children?
Do you even believe your own bs? He could take a dump on the constitution and you'd defend it.
I echo other Tennesseans posting today. Forward has always been the way of progress. Your weak statement says nothing. Be better. Do better.
Didn't they state they didn't want to renegotiate and they're moving on without us? Trump is blinded by greed not patriotism. #SwampMonster
Coward.
I so thought you were better than this. Think about what Chattanooga was like 50 years ago. If it made you a buck you would go back to that.
By continuing to back Trump you are getting further away from my vote.
I am extremely disappointed in your decision to back this move.  Extremely.  It is backward thinking and will affect future generations.
My statement on your statement of the Trump administration’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement: 
I would really like to vote for you in 2018.  Please stop stacking up the reasons why I shouldn't.
I will never vote for you. We need integrity in govt not yes men.
You = P-U-P-P-E-T
When do you plan to stand up for your constituents?  So far you're doing a very poor job.  We can fire you.  DJT can't.  Think about it.
BS. The rest of the world has shut Trumpty Dumpty down with a collective .You are complacent. #impeachtrump #corkcorker #idiots
You are a profound disappointment to Tennesseans. You are actually a disappointment to the human race.
I am embarrassed that you are my senator.  Please stand for what is right, not the party line.
you've lost my vote-and I'm not alone.
Wow...way to stand up for our future generations. Please note the sarcasm #shameonyou
So ashamed and disappointed in the leadership of our country.  You are throwing away our heritage and our children's future for madman.
We're coming to expect you and rest of @GOP to put party over country.  Weak. Stand up for us. Stop blocking sanctions bill for Russia.
You just lost my vote.
bad decision on your part. Stand up to Trump. Balls
Toe that party line. We wouldn't know what to do if you thought for yourself or put TN first.
let's parse that legalistic verbiage for the rest of us: Corker in favor of withdrawing from the accord. With lovely nuances of hot air.
this is a reckless action. At what cost are we forced to thumb our nose at everything Obama? #watching #voting #speakingout
You do swing both ways...cya.....sorta like a rope over a limb with a body attached.. ain't a pretty site no way no where
Lost my vote in 18
As usual a lot of talk while saying little.
Again you disappoint.
stand ready to work with moderate republicans across the state toward your political end! #primaries
Take a stand on climate change don't be a coward. You continue to disappoint. Stand up or you will be left behind. #ClimateChangeIsReal
Seriously the most say-nothing statement I've read. Have you read the statement from Germany, France, and Italy? You've disappointed me.
Another harmful action of this administration! #impeachtrump
You are an embarrassment. Sad to say that we are from the same area.
Can you not see beyond the @GOP? Once again you have chosen money & politics over not only your constituents but now the Earth #eastTNresist
What?! This statement is a joke, just like your effusive statement about his destructive trip abroad. You don't speak for Tennessee.
Senator Corker has been a huge disappointment, enabling the worst potus in our lifetimes.
You try to renegotiate before pulling out. We have the master of the deal in office right?
Continued republican support makes you all complicit.  So ashamed.
Sadly, doubletalk. And naive
He said today that the world will not laugh at us. Is he kidding? They haven't stopped since Nov 8.  He's a cruel, small man.
Sir, a lot of words basically saying you agree USA should pull out of the agreement. Few words: that position's ignorant & irresponsible.
I'm a constituent and I'm embarrassed by your statement. This is about the president rolling back everything Obama did. Period.
This is an extremely weak statement.  Our president shamed us all today w/a speech bereft of facts, & anti-science. You're an accomplice.
Complicit is the word you're looking for.
Sorry Senator, governance is hard. You have chosen party over people yet again. Time to take a stand or move on.
For heavens sake, Bob- POTUS needs to stop representing only the his own interests and those of big business. O snap- they are 1&the same
Anyone but Bob in 2018!  He will probably get smart and just not run
Sooo. What? I can't wait to vote against you...
Why didn't you just write, "blah, blah blah?"  This statement lacks courage. Please rediscover yours.
You suck.
Is this an admission u believe climate change is man made? Do u believe man has the ability to change weather patterns over  entire planet?
I am very dissatisfied with you as my Senator.
read these reactions from your constituents Senator.... running 90/10 against your position Sir.
BS, Bob.
I'm very happy to know that these countries no longer sucking the USA tit i.e. Paris Accord!
#complicit
Whose "economic interests"? If we ruin our planet, even the rich and powerful will perish. What good is "economic interests" then?
Weak response. Such an embarrassment for our nation and abdication of our leadership.
said nothing about the impact lowering regulations will have on our air quality. You put money over health and that's wrong
Weak. There won't be a renegotiation - The world is moving on & we are being left behind. You know this is a disgrace - Embarrassing & sad.
This wasn't even a agreement for actual climate change!!
Development of renewable energy technologies corresponds to economic growth here at home. India and China will dominate energy sector now.

Amen
Bad: By supporting Trump on his moronic stance your political career is over on most of Earth.

Good: Syria and Nicaragua are wide open.
So, wait GOP cried about a largely binding agreement w/ Iran on US part, but are weary about #PCA cuz it's non-binding?
hilarious lack of content
our mountains are already dying you and Trump just nail their coffin shut
You are just as backward as he is. I'm disappointed, and wish I could say surprised.   You put party over country all too often.
Well, we can tell you've been talking to Trump a lot. You're also vaguely rambling incoherently. Plan on making a career change!
Disappointed.  Bob, what happened?
Thank u 4 supporting President Obama. Maybe u can convince Mayor Barry to do same.
Another chance to demonstrate leadership. Another chance squandered @SenBobCorker. Hope next TN senator stands up to uninformed president.
You were so promising as mayor, yet so utterly disappointing and cowardly as Senator.
Cowardly double talk. Take a stand on climate change or just admit you're willing to look away for political and financial reasons.
My statement on your statement: Coward. Love, a vocal and voting constituent.
Same here
Is it really your dream to turn the US into a third world country? Hard to renegotiate when they have NO RESPECT for this once great country
Too bad you don't have the nerve to stand on your own 2 feet. Instead you just ride the party line.
Thank You Senator for a common sense approach to this issue
I love and respect common sense!
Reelection is coming better start supporting our potus
Who do you "stand ready" to renegotiate with? Syria? Because everyone else is sticking with the accord as agreed. The US & Syria are alone.
You were a disgrace to TN and now to think you are willing to obstruct justice the GOP is the greatest threat to America
You are a sellout!
As a TN voter I thought you were a smart reasonable man, however this is beneath you. Put part aside and stand up for our country.. Please
Wow, was that muddled. Seems like you wanted to say you support the #ParisAgreement, but couldn't quite bring yourself to break w/ @POTUS
Dear corker I can't wait to vote your ass out of office. You are a traitor and treasonist and stand behind Russia not America. Always knew
Imagine if a Sen from TENN stood up for the right thing. America!  Imagine the support they would get....got 2 imagine bc they got u instead
Ps the only support tweet in this thread is a troll
Not true, Barb.
Just stop talking
#RubberStamp
U seem to be a smart principled man but the country needs action not talk. at least DJT is a man of action. Senate needs to produce results!
George Custer was a "man of action." How did that end for him and those he led? Trump is a reckless Custer.
Typical comment from e research professor. U have no clue about the real world
As a TN resident and voter, I find your mealy mouthed statement a disgrace. Get off the fence and support @Potus.
@shutuphopey
Don't make me read this 
Oh wait so it's pretend good? Must be tired of our phone calls
You have no backbone and turn your back on your people. Biggest shame ever.  If you had any soul you would denounce. But politics. Shame.
I agree with you!
At least climate change has a basis in fact. Repealing regulations to improve economic growth is only speculative. Money above all else.
you continue to@compromise & disappoint Tennesseans.
So you're saying the Paris Climate Accord is getting in the way of a political agenda to repeal regulations?
I am your constituent and your statement is shameful and cowardly.
Ur willingness to work w/ this @POTUS who has repeatedly shown he's neither informed/qualified & most certainly is unethical, is disturbing.
A truly vacuous statement. I would expect nothing less from you
U do realize "renegotiation" ship has sailed .  #NotGonnaHappen
Sad attempt to be a human fulcrum at the political center. You and your party sowed this. May you reap the whirlwind.
youre gonna get yours, Bob
It's cool, Bob. Just sit back while the US loses its role as a world leader and becomes a joke.
I agree, more should be done to help Flint. I wonder what Trump's plan for that is.......
You are making a lot of assumptions about me that have no basis. You should also probably look up the meaning of the word sexist.
Also this thread and my original comment have NOTHING to do with Flint, so there's that.
