Did anyone ever stop to think that this is exactly what #Iran wants?
mabey with Clinton but with trump it's joke
like snowflakes should be pushing back at the swamp of republicans
@plmyers if you hadn't given up the Senate's power to ratify treaties, we wouldn't be in this situation. #NotMySenator
Military leaders need to be involved in these decisions and proper communications made. Stop the knee jerking. War ahead
please don't start a war with Iran
Good, Now tell your buddies up there it's REPEAL & REPLACE, NOT "REPAIR" Obama care.
#NoonDeVos #noonwar
But on your watch obama sent Iran billions of our tax dollars. You failed in your oath. In 2018 you'll be defeated.
It's time to push back on the President's pro-Russia connections. When will you stand up against corruption in the White House?
Hey snowflake DeVoss is going to be confirmed and u liberals no longer matter. The adults voted Trump.
I'm sure all your rich friends kids will go do the fighting. I'll wait for my answer. But it'll be crickets.
military action against Iran is the only action that should be done at this point.  Strike and end their nuclear program.
Where to find the changes to Iranian sanctions?
@RichardGrenell who was the Republican Senator that gave negotiating power to Obama to establish Agreement in the 1st place?
Get tough on POTUS and Russia.  What is Tillerson doing about poisoned activist in RUssia? Nothing I bet, won't cross Putin
wouldn't need another war if America had kept obama community organizing instead of selling out our security
if we call off the deal, they build a bomb. how does that make us more safe?
They already are trying to make the bomb. Nothing Obama did haulted that. Grow up. Librals ruined the world
that was Bush going to war over non-existent WMDs. Reps had office for two terms. Obama kept us safe.
Well tell all the families that lost love ones that crap. OBAMA did NOT keep Ca. Or Fl. Safe
The war that Bush sent our troops plus 911. That didnt happen because of Obama.
Seriously.  All you have is still blame Bush.
Yup. Obama didn't start it. Facts don't lie.
He did NOTHING to help either. You're preaching to the wrong chorus. Obama was the worst President
KGB Corker wants to focus on Iran now that Putin in charge.
so, is Trump going to declare war against Iran and if so, you do realize Tennesseans expect you to vote against it.
why is Iran more of a threat than Saudi Arabia?
how much are you being #paid to make that #statement?  #War does not make us #safer. It only makes some #richer.
Too bad you are not pushing back against Russia
War- War- War
Thanks for your stand!
where is the pushback to Russia?
Then be sure to sign your kids and grandkids up to die in yet another useless @GOP war. Do it today.
for what??? Use them as an excuse to manufacture another disastrous Middle East conflict???
and the people are finally pushing back on the politicians like we should. #2018
How about letting our Navy know BEFORE
 you "get tough" with Iran,  You put them in harms way because your all clowns up there
Now, push back on #DeVos and vote NO2DeVos. Listen to your Tennessee educators
oil is the target and nothing else. 
TN taxes are already exorbitant, how are you going to help pay for this war you're cheerfully leading us towards?
The way that will lead to war & more terrorism
@RichardGrenell @marklevinshow your the one who supported it through your committee.  Incredible revionist history.  Hypocrite
@Grammy8 AND THE REASON IRAN DID IT WAS TO TEST TRUMPS ADMINISTRATION! There's not going to a pallet of cash response!
pushing back for what, you lying corporate sellout?
Bob  Received $700k form AIPAC LAST 3 YEARS He is still making money .
so glad to  have  real people in power and  not  all  talk no action
why?  Who did  invade?  I thought that was ?
Ok. Now how about Russia and its fight in the Ukraine!
Thanks @SenBobCorker 4 standing by the ppl of #Iran for #FreeIran and #democracy. All the wealth of the ppl has stolen by mullahs in #iran
you doing a good job Sir ! Stand with our President 🖒
what has #iran ever done to you?
I'm more afraid of @POTUS  let's all push back on him!
in the way your military-industrial paymasters bought you too, not in a way that forges peace #establishment #swamp #bought
"should" b/c enciting an unwinnable ground war against WAY more insurgents with a depleted military makes more profits?
I second that!
Again, what about Russia? Afraid of Trump's Buddy?
All of them make mistakes Iran and its address.Saudi went to fight in Iran, Yemen, and now America came to fight Iran in Yemen
Stop preparing for war. We don't want war. Is it still unclear? I'll say it again: We Don't Want War.
Americans are sick of war. Lets spend money building stuff here not destroying stuff over there.
no you are not.  #Iran is the biggest Ally of America in present situation.
You are my man. Clamp down tight on Iran. They need to learn some respect
too bad you probably will not push back on the President.
