LOL, psychic
so that would be you? since he doesn't trust you as chairman for the Fed Rel committee....he has told you nothing!!!!
your kidding right.  You have to be joking you can't be that blind.
this is authoritarianism plain and simple. Just the beginning of a series of moves to quash dissent.
I'll applaud you if you vote no on DeVos. With love from Nashville, TN
Vote YES for DeVos, and we will vote NO for you. #StopDeVos
Yes, those pesky environmental regulations that keep our planet safe are a real burden! I can't wait to vote you out. Just another DT crony.
Trump is dangerous. Do your job and serve the people, not the party. #wevoteweremember

Look in the mirror then weep.
Bob
isn't @realDonaldTrump an android account effectively breaking the same law you want to lock Hillary up for?!
dude, stop licking Trump's boot heels.
.Overtime, it seems life-time, progressive, "federal bureaucrats" believe they report to themselves.
your praise for @realDonaldTrump is duly noted. The world is watching.
Amend the 14th amendment to prevent anchor babies from becoming citizens. Lincoln didn't foresee the problem of a few words omitted in 14th
So senator, which 2 regulations will you cut in order to bring a new regulation forward?
- Alexander's wasn't great, but it's a start.  Where's yours? http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=C007E222-C999-4341-AB41-7E5A2A752F50 …
you are a Federal bureaucrat.  We will remember who helped Trump destroy lives.  #Rich old white guy
. There has got to be a Ford I can vote for next time.

...and to purge dissenters solidifying a truly dangerous penchant for group think
Ashamed to be from TN. Hope you're finished with politics, because you won't have a choice come reelection.
ENJOY YOUR POSITION WHILE YOU CAN BECAUSE YOU WILL NOT BE RE-ELECTED. Love, one of your thousands of angry constituents
Please, please have empathy for those impacted; we are founded based on the concept of empathy; deny this executive order.
What a spineless rep. Tennessee deserves better.
Still waiting to hear you stand up against the #MuslimBan.  Even @SenAlexander has said something questioning it.
this is an ironic post, no?
No to Sessions, Tillerson.No to Trump's Authoritarian rule.No  Nuclear WWIII that Trump is moving US toward!
Trump we elected. Not McCain, Graham or RINO s... RINO s are worse than demoRATS..  Voters  4 a winning team!
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/01/31/opinion/the-republican-fausts.html?referer= …
pls list specifics--"onerous fed regulations" just a catch phrase.  Name ten.
How do you feel about how he treats people that have been vetted for 18 months?USA terror came from citizens.
how could you do your job without these bureaucrats? Expertise and subject matter experts are necessary
Russian sanctions must not be lifted! Do not sell out the free world for Puppet Trumps debts!
United we can overcome this great evil.  Divided Putin wins by weakening USA and free world.Trump is not fit.
We are at war and Russia has their man in our White House. No time for partisanship. Fight for our Democracy
Russia is our enemy.  Trump has been compromised and works to weaken + divide our Democracy.Whose side ru on?
this is truly disheartening. I will be voting against you.
Trump's policy is "It's my way or the highway."  Stop this!
but not reining in executive orders (from or supported by certain federal bureaucrats). I will hold my applause.
That you ..sought to distance yourself from the wide-ranging order. Which is it? 
http://koin.com/ap/trump-faces-blowback-from-cabinet-diplomats-for-refugee-ban/ …
Yet Press says differently. That you said "TrumpAdmin knows it could've been done in a better way". .. that..
please never put that you "applaud" anything Trump does in a tweet again. Represent TN!
you have many hard-working fed employees among your TN constituency, they deserve better representation from their senator.
U keep up applauding Trump & U will see Nashville strs flooded with protesters. U r on the wrong side of hx
Praying for you and yours Senator.
We the ppl are very happy with President Trump & Admin. focusing on American economics & our border security!
.Please advise on whether you will oppose Trump's Executive Order excluding refugees & nationals of certain countries, known as #MuslimBan
Do you support his #MuslimBan? Your silence is deafening and your voters will remember.
your constituents are watching. @potus is dangerous and you are supporting him. Shame on you.
hmmmm....wasn't it a lack of regulation that caused the mortgage crisis and ensuing recession
I agree 200%, now let's get Tillerson confirmed!!
you're both federal bureaucrats.
You should support Trump on vetting people coming to US designated dangerous by Obama.
I hope you know your career in Tennessee is done. You are #Fluffer to a #DelusionalPresident. 
#WeWillRise
Have you even asked anyone in Tennessee how they feel. your afraid of the answer
#WeThePeople 
#WeWillRise
#ThePeoplesHouse


Are you joking? Applauding Trump? I cannot wait to vote you out of office.
amen
I am ashamed of both my TN senators--neither has taken a stand against such an obviously unconstitutional action as the #MuslimBan.
...and Lamar is head cheerleader for DeVos....
thank you for caring about America
THANK YOU DIDN'T LIKE  STATEMENT YESTERDAY ON TRAVEL BAND WE AS AMERICANS DESERVE TO BE SAFE & CONST UP HELD
Can't you be our senator here in MA, we have Lazy Lizzy Warren :/
Vote no on Devos! She does not support public education and is unqualified! #DumpDevos

Shame on you!!
you disappoint your constituents. history will remember you as sycophant to a fascist. what a tragic legacy to leave.
we will vote you out
From a Tennessean, stop kissing Trump's butt & start opposing Bannon. My Dad fought Nazis & I don't want one on the NSC.
that’s fine but don’t do it at the expense of our beautiful state and it’s natural resources
Just don’t let it come at the expensive of employees and the environment. Tennesseans are watching.
@SenBobCorker you can do better
Great to know u have a bead on what's important here.
so you support chaos and an inept @POTUS? Says a lot about you.
...perhaps you should hold your applause for a bit...
bull cocky. Brown nose.
both racist traitors
a racist supporting a racist. Who would have thought

By "burdensome federal regulations", are you referring to the Constitution? Shame on you. Wake up.
