What is Corker smoking?
i think @POTUS  did a bang up job for america and europe
@SenBobCorker is this what it looks like when you sell your soul to this dummy @POTUS ?
So, you're an isolationist now, except where Saudi FMS and infrastructure dollars are involved? Did your campaigns accept Blackstone cash?
Yeah. Letting the Russians split our most critical economic and military alliances is a huge success . For the Russians.
German Chancellor Merkel say the United States is no longer a reliable partner.. Take That BOB.@SenBobCorker 
Does it bother you at all that your guy and Putin's guy are the same guy?
amazing how much Corker talking sounds like Dana Carvey doing his old Bush Sr impression ...."Wouldn't Be Prudent" lol
No words.
So Senator, Party over country is your final answer?

For 5 decades, Saudi Arabia has "spread a narrow, puritanical and intolerant version of Islam," says @FareedZakaria 

#Breaking: German Chancellor Merkel say the United States is no longer a reliable partner. https://twitter.com/focusonline/status/868806068075462656 …
He was a total embarrassment to the world. What does he have on you? Underage girls?
I was born/raised in Tennessee.  You are an embarrassment.  The spirit of the original Volunteers has died.

NEWT: After his party lost, Obama made it easier to leak and sabotage the new President!

"The whole thing is SICK!" 

Report: Obama era NSA admits to years of illegal searches on Americans   http://www.valleynewslive.com/content/news/Report-Obama-era-NSA-admits-to-illegally-spying-on-Americans---423976234.html …
#MAGA…

Home Depot co-founder @KennethLangone"The #FakeNewsMedia Hates #PresidentTrump @POTUS Because He Makes Them Irrelevant,Where They Belongs" 

 
https://twitter.com/OnTheFix/status/867507971990966272 …
Define success senator. Because thoseof us w/eyes &ears were horrified by the berating of our allies &the ass kidding &$100m pledge 2ivanka
Yes, but we your constituents could not be more dissatisfied with your non-support of his budget
You need to adjust your medication,  dude. He did terrible damage to this country.
How did he damage our Country.
Pleased with his trip? He committed treason Corker! Germany declared him an enemy of the world! Are you legally entangled, too?
He pushed another world leader. This will be remembered forever and you're congratulating him on it.
More like Senator Bob Cucker
Well, you missed a chance to find out why he colludes with dictators instead you rub his gigantic ego!
Grow some balls, Bob.
Good gosh man! Where have you been & what have you been seeing! His trip was a disaster & an embarrassment to us! We have lost world status
Nah Nah Nah Nah, Nah Nah Nah Nah,

Hey Hey Goodbye!
Throwing your weight behind a Putin puppet? Are you sure you want to do that?
With hardly a semblance of a State Dept in operation,wondering what alternative reality u live in?
Are you insane? Or, are you on Putin's payroll too?
You're either delusional or a patsy, take your pick Bob
Did you speak with him before or after he sent out a flurry of bizarre tweets, distracting from the trip coverage?

Merkel: We can't rely on the US anymore. I have experienced this in the last days. We Europeans should take destiny in our own hands. ~@BILD
More here
#Breaking: German Chancellor Merkel say the United States is no longer a reliable partner. https://twitter.com/focusonline/status/868806068075462656 …
And this is supposed to make us unhappy?
An alliance built for almost a decade to uphold the ideals of democracy. You should be.
The kind of destiny that Merkel wants, we want no part in. Are you completely blind?
No, you are. We've had an alliance with western democracies since 1949 for a reason.
If we allow autocracies w/agenda that expands their power to overtake democratically elected governments, we might as well elect a dictator
@Jake_Bernstein @realDonaldTrump I can't even begin a reply. No Bob, it was a complete and utter scar on the face of US. Scar!
Ha ha ha ha ha! 
#trumptrash #stfu #complicit #russiashelp #trumprussia #embarrassment
Are you out of your mind?!
When my grandfather used to say " well isn't that a corker" after someone's outlandish story he was politely telling them they're full of it
Tough to square this press release with Corker's previous criticism of Obama over Russia.
It'll be really fun to vote for someone else next year
Literally anyone else. 
My cat? 
A fictional TV character? 
A sentient baked potato?  
A regular potato that isn't even sentient? 
How could you not go sentient potato?? In fact, effective immediately, I'm working for Mr. Potato. 
SENTIENT POTATO 2018!! Look out corker!
@HalfOnionInABag, I think you've started a trend.
Omg. How could I've forgotten @HalfOnionInABag?!? I'm so sorry!! I think you & Mr. Sentient Potato would make a great ticket! What say you?
aye! Is that Ms @HalfOnionInABag?
#HATINGBOBCORKER @SENBOBCORKER what is wrong with u - how can u say those words n mean them - you are a disgrace to senators - partisan assH
Oh, that's Corker! That dude is a cornball, @Rosie! Let him lie. That's what they do.
@Uhuruhsiempre @realDonaldTrump I weep for our country.  You seem to only care about party. For shame.
Party over Country ... shame on you Bob Corker.
Disgusted in @TEN_GOP
Seriously?
You don't speak for your constituents, then. Why are you sucking up to him and not standing up for US?
With all due respect, sir:
SERIOUSLY? Germany is saying the US is "not a reliable partner" and that "Europe must plot it's own course." He angered our allies, shoved a
A PM for a photo op and generally embarrassed our entire country by acting like a giant toddler! Shame on you, @SenBobCorker! SHAME.
Corker was one of my last hopes for an even semi-sane Republican.

He's failing badly.
Right? *sigh* Back in the day, tho I disagreed w the GOPers, I respected their views as what they saw as the best for the country. But...
Back in day, my GOP Sen Everett Dirksen
"There are 100 diverse personalities in US Senate...What an amazing thing it is to harmonize them."
There is a great story John McCain tells @ Tip O'Neill- how'd they go after each other w fervor on the Senate floor & then in the cloakroom
O'Neill would throw his arm around McCain's shoulder & say "We did alright just now." It used to be about statesmanship & mutual respect.
There is a severe lack of that in our country ATM.
You're pleased he couldn't walk 700 yards, shoved people, touched the orb, no mention of article 5? Really?!
He embarrassed our country, Senator. We need you to be a leader.
Corker is from TN, so.......
Give me one example where Sen Corker embarrassed you yesterday.
That was not an answer to the question
It was answered very clearly...he has become trumps yes man which Is a daily embarrassment meaning yesterday,  the day before, etc.
Did you like the part when he cozied up to Saudi Arabia while alienating our NATO allies?
Building new alliances against evil and asking friends to fulfill their commitments seems like good leadership to me.
With who? He cozied up to Saudi and spit on every nation in @NATO. Where's the alliance building?
These same allies that snickered liked school girls and spit on us by not paying their fair share. Let the Arabs handle the extremists.
The second sentence makes no sense. The first insults the sacrifices our allies have made in our recent military misadventures.
And you thinking the Saudis are our Allies spits in the face of those that died on 9/11.
You're kidding!?? You cannot believe that his ridiculous and childish behavior in the presence of other world leaders went unnoticed.
Where did that orange spray tan around your mouth come from?
You're really pleased that Putin got his wish to split the USA and Germany, and that Europeans no longer trust you? Good luck with that.
Still, the funniest part was that weak and exhausted @realDonaldTrump was unable to walk 700 yards with the rest and needed a golf cart ;-)
If it wasn't for handy dandy photoshop how would you liberals have fun? Poor  pathetic kiddos- you are middle age juveniles.
We'd have plenty of fun laughing at the gullible fools who voted for a known New York real estate swindler and pathological liar ;-)
Silly Jack when a 19 year has more brain than you you should quit telling people how to think. MAGA!
Oh you poor little snowflake. You've been conned by a crooked New York real estate swindler and now you can't face the truth ;-)
Senator, I understand loyalty to party, but this is a bridge too far. How many more US allies can administration alienate? #embarrassing
Wow
Do you think you'll get a backstage pass at his rally?  Maybe a PICTURE!  Omg, can you sleep right now?!?!?
So you are crazy too. Disaster and you know it.
So your a spy too?
Cool Corker! I never realized that R in front of all the GOP politicians meant Russian or that GOP meant "Government Of Putin".
Did you tell him he was a good boy and give him a cookie? When he's alienated Europe and sucks up to Saudis?
Corker is complicit.
#MoscowMules
Thank you for stating the truth. Would be nice if our fellow Americans, regardless of party, could get out of the way & let Pres Trump lead.
Lead? The man has no notion of the concept of leadership.
You must not be talking about President Trump. He's been leading most his adult life.
You are right. He's lead in adultery, self-promotion, lying, slander, cheating small business people, lawsuits, misogyny, and bullying.
Either you are a traitor too, or you are lying, or both!
"Near perfection"??? What news channels are YOU watching?! All I saw was him piss off all his allies and shake hands horribly.
You are a tragic disappointment
did he finish in your mouth? Or on your face? Just curious.
Put a cork in it, Bob.
@HouseForeign @HFACDemocrats  Mr Corker, I find it incomprehensible that you feel POTUS trip was perfect?
It's like I'm reading a fairytale. Where is the success? What did he do???
So, you liked the part about ending/limiting German car sales in the US? I bet that is a popular idea near Chattanooga. #farfromwinning
Having your friends in office with power, give you adulation's, Doesn't make it successful. Just ask the European leaders. Failed diplomacy
You are pleased to be supporting a traitor & proclaim this on Memorial Day? UR another Senator that we will unelect soon.
Sir.....Why did you blatantly lie to this person. The trip was a farce and you know it.
So you are happy with his anti-American tour. I guess we need to replace your ass with a patriotic American.
Trump trip largely defined as embarrassing, counter-productive.
are you high on drugs? NATO just told us to F Off.
You know he flubbed as usual, quit brown nosing and get a backbone!
A sad time for Tennesseans. Trump must have pictures.
Is there kompromat on Corker? Is his name on documents related to Trump/Russia? He saw what other leaders said, news abt. Kushner. WOW! DIG!
goodbye Tennessee  VW, BMW SC.... Angela Merkel no longer trusts US. We are hated by our allies & beloved by kings and despots
Corker celebrates the death of the USA!
Your statement is unbelievable. Putin must be dancing in the Kremlin over Trump's trip to Europe. It could not have gone better for Russia.
What a joke. A sad, sad joke of a nation we have.
What planet are you living on?! 45 was a DISASTER internationally, just like he is in the US.
You are sheep. A coward. Put Country ahead of party!
One idiot to another..praise keeps coming!
You're such a corker! So pleased he sucked up to the autocratic Saudis while refusing to affirm our commitment to NATO? Bob you're disturbed
Terrible
INTERESTNG since he has attention span of an 18mo old. You do realize he curtsied to their king on behalf of 1nce great USA
Shoving people and pissing off our allies is your measurement of success? What happened to you?
You talk a good game but you're just another Trump enabler.
So, you have demented out as well.
I actually thought you had a backbone you're just another lightweight gasligtlhting carpetbagger
The world is laughing at our country. What makes you pleased about this?
And just as much of a traitor to this nation and an enemy of our Western Allies
Is this satire?
Why do you go on MSNBC and trash him when it suits you?
Good is our President DONALD TRUMP 
How much money did you get for selling your soul to the devil?
Republican @SenBobCorker was a GOODsenator TURNED BAD. 
HesClearlyProtecting the likes of JaredKushner. If this was HillayShe would b toast
Well that's all we need to know then.
U r the biggest HYPOCRITE I believe I have ever seen!! How do u sleep at nite?
missed a spot on the tip of your nose there Bob.
Your continued support is indicative of lack of care for the average American.
Whoop! Sounds like someone else is compromised. Eh, Bobby?
Dina Powell was on this trip?
The #Spineless #NoPrinciples @gop -now the #RussianRepubliskum party of #Treasonoustrump- #PowerBeforePatriotism
 #TheResistance
So you admit the GOP planned to alienate our allies and kiss up to our enemies all along? #traitors
Now stop bad-mouthing him.
Europe will never trust us again!!!
Have you no shame? No higher standards? The #GOP is an international laughing stock and you sir, are part of the problem. #TrumpRussia
Bob. Stop tweeting. You must be drunk.
Are you high?
You are an enabler to @realDonaldTrump's destruction of the post-World-War-II order. History will not judge you kindly.
Lay off the meth
You are pleased he will not honor international agreements to protect our earth & thus our lives?
Insulting Germany is not “executing to perfection”nor is alienating our European allies! Trump’s trip harmed America. Why?
Bahahahahahaha you are ridiculous - what on earth is there to be pleased about that disastrous trip
Trump, in 120 days, has done more damage to alliances & partnerships than all presidents combined in the past 50 years & ur pleased by that?
Great, so you applaud treason, insults to allies, breaks for Uber rich Saudis over boost to US oil and citizens. Money over Republic.
Thank you for supporting our President!
Spoken like a true member of Team Treason.
you should set higher standards
Frmr CIA Dir McLaughlin: Trump creating rift w/ Germany and Europe "is one of the most damaging things I have seen in...years and years."
Hey, when are you guys going to investigate Clinton's out right perjury and obstruction?
Disappointing that u r pleased that he pushed another leader & was too tired & lazy to walk with other leaders Ur standards are pretty low
Unbelievable hypocrisy Senator; take your head out of the sand before it's too late; before you are swallowed up and regurgitated 
You are a traitor too
Dance w beheading terrorist exporters. Confuse geography. Insult allies. Mentally wander. Shove heads of state. But great trip.
Alienating our closest allies is successful? What is wrong with you? Trump treating Germany like he is a slumlord. 
https://twitter.com/tinaissa/status/869554484908892161 …
I guess I understand that having low expectations is essential these days
Wow, exactly how far up his ass did your head get?
Well, with all due respect Senator, you're either an idiot or you're complicit in the biggest farce this nation has ever had to deal with.
Thank You For Your Courage !
I believe the technical term for this is "bullshit."
Ugh gross. Join the national embarrassment train, corker? God sakes. Country before party GOP. #geezson #trainiscrashing
You need to man up. Your public comments after the Comey lies published was an insult to those who support Trump and the GOP.
and where's that gif of drumpf giving the finger to the Italian President? #NoClass #NoRespect #NoMorals #InternationalDisgrace
Here it is.  Not a gif, but it's at the 15 second mark.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx7uwEEwHCY …
What success?haven't seen anything yet except money for arms sellers,pissed off our intelligence ally,Israel and UK,pissed off Europe allies
Are you insane?
You are fired!
If you support Trump ,your career is OVER!
Your whole face must be stained brown after that amount of brown nosing, Corker.  What a tool for evil you are!
Trump's overseas trip made the USA less secure and undermined confidence.
You supporting him has made me not trust you as a leader. #tnvoter
Whose trip were you watching? The leader of the free world, Merkel, said nobody can count on the US anymore.
Shame on you senator.
You're as clueless as he is
Low expectations.
America deserves better.
Wow senator....with the statement like this I don't believe you bet on the right horse. You just RIP your reelection.
Huh. The man is dissing our allies to support despots and the largest country for state supported terrorism. You are a traitor to America
to Trump's pathetically bad behavior with the G20. Trump gave Putin EXACTLY what Putin wanted. 4/
I would say you should be ashamed of yourself but doubtful you know what shame is. You are morally corrupt and a reprehensible person.
So you think being a complete ass on the world stage is a success and snubbing our European allies is a presidential, good for you Bob, KA
It's very clear from Angela Merkel's comments about how Germany and Europe can no longer rely on the US was ENTIRELY due 3/
You've gotta be kidding me dude.
Wow. "Near perfection?" Our NATO allies don't trust us, Israel withholds intelligence details, and the environment's in peril. Embarrassing.
Unbelievable!  The entire GOP is a sham.  The great news is you can't parade your faux patriotism or Christianity at the rest of us anymore.
You are a hack.
Think you're delusional -- and so is the Liar in Chief
SenBobCorker Trump is one of the most Anti-American persons and the most Russian supporter, do you have Russian money in your account?
You are pleased that he signed an arms deal with the same country that 9/11 terrorists and financing came from ? 
You are pleased with him
Insulting our (not any more )Nato alliances ? Is he not weakening our country from our status in the global community?
You are pleased with someone who betrays our country's average citizens over and over in favor of the richest?
Why ?
Nato allies were laughing at him and the leaders of France and Germany said they can no longer count on the United States to lead. Pleased?!
WTF are you drinking
Well, corker...looks like we're gonna have to vote you out, too.
I want 2 see the lot of U hung by the neck until dead.
U suck up to a criminal = U, URself are a criminal.
Aiding & abetting is a felony
You've got to be kidding.
You've got to be joking. It was a diplomatic debacle.  We're the laughing stock of the G7. My clients & global partners are laughing at us.
Did a "reach around" come up?
Everyone is enamored with Trump dancing with Saudis. #MAGA is in love with muslim countries after Trump got some bribe.
Or maybe Corker is just feeding the Trump ego. So he moves on, & doesn't tweet the trip & our true allies to death. Fact: USA not #1 ally.
Im so sickend by this GOP fawning over this so obviously underqualufie inept wish he was a strongman. #PaidEndorsement #GOPbrownnose
So proud of our President! MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA
Were we watching the same thing?
Why do I continually have to be embarrassed to be from TN?
Is this good coming from the yahoo who thought the Iran nuke deal was good
This statement might as well have been written by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
