No fffffing way Donald u told us to fight punch and kick our way to democracy - and damn  we r gonna I do just that
Umm 2.little 2 late
Im sure most of America couldnt have imagined they would talk to a president the way we have.Others had respect.Its so hard not to&TOO EASY.
Youre SO full of http://it.You  know youre lying."United"is a word you never learned,along with many more.Youre embarrassing to all
Im so sick of you saying what people want to hear,so you can be"hailed"I dont think Ive heard an original thought from you,except on 8/15/17
Do you believe this guys bullshit?His"base"does and they'll go down with him.Theyre blind&only way to be sorry for them is if they were deaf
Are you serious?Please take this tweet away.People want to hear the truth.Youre a liar,a cheat,a narcissist and a lot more.Thats the truth!
A picture not only says a thousand words, but all of the right ones

Eat  and die beach boy #ReleaseTheMemo
Yes President Trump united in United States of America

Be easier if these crooks were locked up
The wall
Stop promoting hate then.
@Pcjmom Just Waiting 4yur Worthy Example of Unconditional Love & Acceptance so we follow mr prez
&Waiting &Waiting &Waiting
Well you should start with all the haters in the Republican party.
I would LOVE if he actually meant this, but *anyone* can read a teleprompter.

Remember his in-rehearsed, shoot-from-the-hip, 'honest' follow-up?
The one where he called neo-Nazis "very fine people".
Finally!  Where has this been previously!  Blood on your hands, too!
he has always said that...just dumb and violent liberal terrorists are deaf...too busy having a meltdown...
"Let's come together as one?" How in the hell are you going to ask that when you're the one cheerleading the division?
The division comes from the left hatered for us, and I feel hated by the way you talk. This man just said we need to unite, he means this lovingly but your hate runs too deep to see it. I've never seen anything like it.
Thank you for the way you handled the nuclear threat. God bless. The swamp is drained. Pretty ugly site to witness. Love you.
No, I am not one with a #Traitor .. try telling that to your cell mates! #TrumpCrimeFamily #PutinsPuppet #RussiaGate #Liar #Loser #Grifter
You're doing a great job and your comments were perfect!
Just because their is no fight doesn't mean Abortion doesn't deserve consideration and air-time. We have to fight for the helpless infants!
When will you call white supremacy out for what it is? When will you stop condoning these acts just because these people are white?
You started this sir.. you created the stand for hate, while all of us are out here fighting for equality
I wish AG Sessions would allow the police to go after ANTIFA ... lock em up, haul their asses to GITMO !!!
If you remove history you are doomed to repeat it.Mr President plz dont allow this. Preserve it.Unite us to be proud of overcoming the past.
I agree Mr President & thats wut the Football player on his knee was protesting, hate, violence & killing of black people!
responding 2 ATTACK in (August 12, 2017; 13:19 EDT) #CHARLOTTESVILLE #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
We must unite to condemn the evil that is trying to take this country down!  Stop the hate !!
You encouraged the hate by name calling and your divisive rhetoric in your campaign and you continue to do it even now as President! 
So who wrote this for you?
But KKK equal to anti-KKK eh? Disgusting?
Thank you!
We will@come together to force you OUT!
Racists. White supremacists. Nazis. #terrorism Speak to it, uncle Daft.
#ImpeachTrump
Actions speak louder than words
#ThursdayThoughts #JamesWoods @MarkDice #MarkDice @WalshFreedom #WalshFreedom @infowars #infowars @mitchellvii #MAGA #diamondandsilk
...as one big hate group?
U r correct mr president don't pay attention to these people.we r all behind you. Both sides came to fight.
Yes indeed Mr. Trump. We need to make America great for the first time in American history.
Time for a major news conference even invite CNN and call us all together
Call out what it is--racism and terrorism by radical white  supremacist
How can we come together when you yourself can't control your own mouth and daily post things bot ppl who go against u or won't do as u say
I'll stand for my country. God bless America.
As one what?  Unless you condemn the Nazi movement, you are one with THEM.  Shame on you.
Wait, lemme guess, you'll pay their legal fees. After all, they just did what you told them.
You are correct,tell me what the "protestors" wanted, when marching on the UVA campus chanting racist, antisemetic and Nazi epitaphs? (Sick)
#Trump backtracked in incoherent tweets all week! If he was seeking unity, he should have attended #HeatherHeyer's memorial service!
I'm an American: I'm not uniting w/#AltRight #WHITENATIONALISTS #Nazis #KKK @DrDavidDuke I don't need their vote. #AmericaFirst #RussiaGate
I believe you , I Just wish the dems did.
What's the plan for the most major hate and violence crime,abortion!Whats the plan to kill Oregon new abortion law.Totally evil monstrosity
We are with you
We must stand together to condemn the evil that is trying to bring this country down!
We ARE coming together as one....against YOU! #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident #Resist
God Bless you and your family. 

You are our hero fighting for the people. 

GITER dun!
We need to get both sides talking about this issue. It's not just a one side issue.
When will the @TheJusticeDept issue an arrest warrant for George Soros, the financer & supporter of the "Radical Left Terrorists" #Antifa
Ignore the self righteous haters on the left PLEASE. They are fighting something that doesn't exist. You are not a racists
Thank you Donald I agree
Yes! Come together as one and impeach you so that we can find a president who actually believes what you tweeted. Please.
literally WHO are you writing about?? the fact that it's not fucking obvious is really disturbing
Said one of the most divisive presidents in history
Amen
again, "FAIL" ONLY 4...,(August 12, 2017; 13:19 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
This coming from u is nothing but a cosmic joke. U expect a tweet like this to erase the hate you've spewed? U will be held accountable.
then we must continue to rally against you and what you stand for as a white nationalist. You are not fooling anyone
Then why hate the American people? By not getting rid of the Federal Reserve you show your hate. Most have been hurt and some hurt a lot.
POTUS don't take credit for this stock market Obama owns it and watch guys like Peter Schiff. Look at the manipulation of gold and silver
we love you President Trump
#AltLeft and Proud.
Okay, condemn it. We'll wait.
We need your positive words of comfort, leadership and love. Thank you President.
we are all,  against you and your minions.
Please let's all learn from old Walt Disney please build a building to hold all of the past present and future us presidents
Thank you for all your hard work Sir
Amazing the alt left cannot read.  You just condemned the kinds of things they say you stand for.
Absolutely correct
Pls go on TV and lay it all out for Congress, MSM, and the ppl to understand; otherwise, you are peeing into a fan, Mr President. #MAGA 
Mr. President, unlike many immoral people, you called it right. Violence/hate have no place in the USA  From Antifa or the KKK. Good call!
I notice you refuse to use the words "radical white terrorists"
True. This kind of violence is only acceptable in other countries by the wars you wage
i don't WANT "to be one" with White Supremacists OR you either.
Right on President Trump!
NOW is the time to ACT and BE  PRESIDENTIAL! You alienate your approx.30% base ,or the rest of the country so entirely that you CANNOT win.
Thish house need not beez divided 2stand.
What a joke you speak with a fork tong @ Donald Trump.
How do you think Heathers mother must feel? Did you send out a tweet like this when she died? You should be ashamed of yourself
The sad truth is, no one's going to change their mind.
Too bad. MAGA
It's obvious your haters don't want America to come togeather Mr TRUMP, they want anarchy, to keep the down trodden down,
Wonder  if those against  tgese5 statues  are against using  money with our  presidents on them. ...hypocritical  when  it benefits  them
Your family has no credibility to make a statement like this! Period.
Instant death penalty 4 terrorists apprehended!!! Deport 2 Gitmo, those foiled!!!
@seanspicer it's difficult to talk sense when your mouth is full of presidential pork.
.@ANTITRUMPMVMT That is so like @realDonaldTrump
YOU caused this, YOU own this...you failed at MAGA..you have dragged USA into the sewers of hate... you must resign- we need a real prez.
#ThursdayThoughts #JamesWoods @MarkDice #MarkDice @WalshFreedom #WalshFreedom @infowars #infowars @mitchellvii #MAGA #diamondandsilk
Please don't throw your lot in with this fool senator.  To do so is folly.
I do not believe a word that come out of your mouth.  I have lost all trust in you having any concern for the  all Americans.
Fake President !!!
Virginia's governor spoke the words that should have come out of the President's mouth! SO SAD!
What?
You are the ring leader in this hate filled mess YOU made of out beloved  you are evil no better than Saddam or Bin Laden
Come together you say? You start: 1)Condemn the racists clearly and definitively; 2)Fire Bannon, Miller, and their ilk; 3) Then shut up.
To remove the hate you must eliminate the Democratic Party. Start w/Maxine Waters, Chuck Schummer Nancy Pelosi and that Texas rep Al Green
Then let's DO THAT!  PLEASE hush......
Pretty tone deaf, Bob, to be retreating some of POTUS45's tripe on this subject. #StandUpForWhatIsRight
Your words are empty, you are a hypocrite.  Everyone hates you
@POTUS @VP @JaySekulow @seanhannity @FoxNews 

ANOTHER RINO .... TRAITOR IN THE GOP!

YOUR SEAT IS GONE!
We put these Senators IN and We will take them OUT! 

We have a list of Senators and Congressmen losing their SEATS!

Who's NEXT?
Coming from a man who called racists who kill "fine people."
Says the leader of a country who called black men protesting against racism, hate and police brutality "sons of bitches."
U should have said you don't want them as ur supporters & they are not what you are about. Why do they like u & vote for u?
Troubled that this tweet has seemingly ignited a firestorm among media, politicians, and Americans at large.
?
We need to HATE this and continue to go forward, though these kinds of things have gone in for most of my life. I praying for you president
Your rhetoric hasn't exactly made that easy now has it Mr. President?
Good job TRUMP..Listen good Antifa n other idiots who supported terrorist ..soon wil b judgement day ..U al shall ..if  continue 2..
I hope everyone hits you in the wallet. That is all you care about.
RESIGN
Our country would be in a far better place if you would resign. You are a horrible (fake) leader ... Sad!
what he's SAYING...,NOT what he MEANS (August 12, 2017; 13:19 EDT) #DONALDTRUMP #TRUMP #FAIL
Sen. swamp
Yes, let us all come together as one.  You start it by uniting everyone!
In our pockets!
https://share.america.gov/new-u-s-coin-to-celebrate-african-american-airmen/?utm_source=iipeditorial&utm_medium=englishsmf&utm_campaign=history&utm_content=newu.s.cointocelebrateafrican-ameri … @vp / @IvankaTrump / #maga
And soon after that speech, came the real Donald Trump.The insecure man who rants and threatens & divides, then wonders why nobody likes him
There's no place for violence in America. Except between a police officer and a black man right
.You stand for hate. So we should condemn you? Got it.
Impeach.
: RIGHT ON PRESIDENT TRUMP!!! CNN SUCKS, AND THEY ARE JUST LIBERAL FAKE NEWS AND THROWING HEAT AT YOU 4 NOTHING.
NO AMERICAN is free to spread hate, racism or bigotry. Any person that wants 2 be free 2 spread that msg WILL & RIGHTFULLY should be fought
Unite the people of this great country preserve what brought us here Not to define us but to remind us where we've been as never to go again
Amen and amen
you are such a joke...... why, oh why.  I pitty you.  You have a cold heart.
We must come together as Americans & defeat the globalist who wish us harm @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #DTS #TrumpTrain #LockHerUp
It's okay to use the phrase, "Right Wing Terrorist."  @dumptrump33 @Impeach_D_Trump @StopTrump2020 @DTrumpExposed
It's terrorism even if it's a white guy. Brown skin it's always terrorism
Mr Le président prenez la menace Sud Koréenne au sérieux  ce missile balistique est l'objet d'une attaque contre les USA
Change the laws to protect the unborn.  They have the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness too.
*let's
Sickens me to know SACRIFICE all Military Families ENDURE to watch FREE SPEECH a permit for VIOLENCE against each other Maggie aka/MAC
Stay strong don't let them beat you it will get them madder you can be a great president just don't fall into their trap
It proves how dishonest the press is. It is true that we have hatred coming from the Far Left just as from the Far Right.
and you failed to act Presidential.
Please get your PR to do some damage control immediately.  Please have your evangelicals pray round the clock for your break-through.
Good answer. The opposition needs ears to hear & eyes to see. I pray for them.
Amen!
.@SenBobCorker It's obvious @realDonaldTrump didn't mean a word of that!
..if you really meant what you wrote here Donnie, condemn yourself! You're the biggest hater american people has ever seen!
Thank you Mr.Pres, for your statement "we all must be United & condemn all that hate stands for. Let's come together as one"
Wish we could..
It will be impossible as long as SOROS Money is in the picture ARREST AND CONVICT HIM FOR INCITING SEDITION.
You're deranged.
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP, you are the best president since Reagan! don't let rinos and left take you down to their level! Stay strong!
