. @SenBobCorker your decision to stand in allegiance with the unfit, unwell, dishonest and reckless @POTUS is deeply disturbing.
. @SenBobCorker I am one of your constituents and I will certainly stand proudly beside you, vote for you and support you in every way--
. @SenBobCorker --should you ever decide to stand in opposition to @POTUS , the greatest threat to our democracy in a generation
. @SenBobCorker I will vote and vigorously support ANY representative of any party who takes a stand against @POTUS and his deranged agenda
. @SenBobCorker your decisions to repeal ACA & support Tillerson are dangerous. That said, I'll support you enthusiastically should you--
. @SenBobCorker --ever find your courage and your conscience and take logical positions to save ACA and reject Tillerson as Sec of State
56 mill w/out ins, dbld premiums for those with, $6.7 trill. Cost. Hospitals will collapse, people will die. But you're proud.
as a constitent & #publichealth practitioner I implore you to protect the health & wellbeing of your voters & standby the ACA.
Senator Corker, I wonder who you serve.  American Citizens or Blue Cross...interested, check profit margins in Tennessee.....
Please replace it with something that benefits the poor and disabled too.If I lose my current care, I WILL DIE! Do you care?
where is the replacement plan, Senator?
Please reconsider! health care is important! Pre-existing condions happen! #ACA #SaveACA #IFindItShocking #Obamacare
Continued.... Or are some of us expendable?
keep health & wellbeing of all constituents at heart, those of low socioeconomic background stand to lose most by ACA repeal.
I'm a constituent of yours & I will die if the ACA is repealed w/o a replacement that keeps pre-existing condition protections
and you call yourself prolife when you are willing to repeal the ACA which will cause 3 deaths per hour because they lack care
no replacement has been put out, but I am sure you will fuck over Americans. You and congress have done a good job at it
Dr Price lives in the past, a time I also practiced and recognized that system was unsustainable
I hope you are comfortable with all of your failing republicans. Blackburn, Alexander, Black. You don't care about TN
still killing us. You represent ALL Tennesseans. You have no plan to replace. Midterms are coming quickly. My vote counts
I know the ACA has many problems, please be part of a solution.  #FixItDoNotNixIt  The ACA protects cancer survivors like me.
Your actions do not reflect the will of the people.
I hope Pfizer jacks the price of Viagra up beyond your means, then maybe YOU will know the importance of AFFORDABLE HC!
you're up for reelection, right? Might want to remember that.
What is the plan to replace it? Why not just fix the ACA's pain points instead of leaving millions with nothing? #MidTerms2018
don't bring back pre-existing conditions, Senator.
Would like to say "God forgive them, they know not what they do", but I really believe you DO know and don't care.
For shame! How can you sleep at night?
How about "Amend" ACA, without interruption in coverage, loss of pre-existing cond's, or contraception.  Hmmm, single payer?
we ALL know there is no replacement for it, unless you mean a speedy death it whats in store for replacement
Do NOT repeal #ACA. The death of many will be on your hands. Your partisanship and lack of knowledge is frightening.
If u ppl want to earn re election do not take care away from 30 million ppl. That's such a simple concept. REPRESENT ME PLEASE
You're pleased while thousands of us are terrified.
@SpeakerRyan Living wth cancer is scary. The thought of living without healthcare is TERRIFYING. http://facesoftheACA.org  
hey as long as you and your buddies have insurance that's really all that matters right Bobbie! SHAME!!!!
Dont repeal. It will cause lots pain and harm to millions of families.
And you don't give a shit about the hundreds of your own constituents that might die for lack of healthcare? You make me sick.
Senator, please don't let them repeal until they have a replacement. Surviving cancer shouldn't mark me as un-insurable.
Can we get coverage like you?  Oh right... You people are better than us.  We don't deserve to get the kind of insurance you have
Please do not repeal the ACA until there is a legitimate replacement. The American people need affordable healthcare!
Slow down the repeal! I'm a 49 yr old recurring cancer survivor; care for my pre-existing condition keeps me alive! #mylife
Repealing the ACA will mean pain and suffering for many Americans. Repealing it w/o a BETTER replacement is criminal.
Please slow the repeal while protecting those who need insurance because of pre-existing conditions. Thanks  for your work.
please slow down repeal of ACA. Repeal of pre-existing conditions harms person with disabilities, all of us. #SaveACA
insuranceCEO's rising salaries R the cause of rising healthcare costs.Along w/their lawyers-Change that!60.1 billion?
women should have coverage for birth control. Planned parenthood isn't the devil. Give access to ALL.
remember all Americans should have access to healthcare. Republicans are trying to re create the pre existing clause. Awful!
Elizabeth Warren is telling democrats you and 4 other Republican Senators are backing away from ACA and are weak on it.
I'm pleased that u want 2repeal #Obamacare senator!
please do not repeal without a replacement plan ready
please think about your message, sir. You appear more concerned with your politics than your constituents!
. @SenBobCorker I applaud your efforts to find a REAL replacement before #Obamacare is ripped from my hands and I die in the street.
we still need the pre-existing conditions clause for everyone in the new Health plans, no exceptions aloud.
Isn't your health insurance thru the marketplace?
@lisamurkowski  pls keep Americans covered w #ACA don't take away healthcare from 20 mill citizens w no plan @SenFeinstein
ACA saved my husband's life & kept r family from having 2 go through bankruptcy..Pls do not repeal this lifeline. I beg of you
Make sure there is a replacement plan.
Called your office...mailbox full. Don't repeal O'care. Your health insurance is secure, right.
you just become a disgrace. Replace it before you repeal it! Why would you want to do this to a fellow American? #support #ACA
How will you answer to your constituents whose lives will be shortened by your actions? HOW WILL YOU ANSWER TO GOD?
Also, why don't you give up your own free, taxpayer-funded healthcare you get for being a senator. Shame.
I'd like for you to tell my father to his face that he doesn't deserve to live because he can't afford health care.
I have many friends and family members who will not have health care if the ACA is repealed. We are worried sick.
If supporting your political party is more important than the lives of human being tou need to do some soul searching sir.
repealing without replace is a mistake, leading to hardship for 20MM. Please reconsider #SaveACA
You are not stupid. You know people will die and suffer if you repeal the ACA. That can only lead us to believe you are cruel.
And why the rush? You are putting people's lives at risk by suddenly taking health ins. away. Modify it or replace it...
REPLACE is the key word. How can you repeal something this important with no plans to replace it. People will suffer and die.
appreciate your wisdom in slowing repeal until their is a solid plan. Millions need you!
Thanks for taking away my son's health insurance.27 full time student & works part time. But you get it free for life!!!
Thanks for nothing. My sis, who makes $12/hour will now need to pay $550/month for "catastrophic" insurance. 
NO REPEAL UNTIL SOMETHING FAIR (TO THOSE ILL) TO REPLACE!!
. @SenBobCorker if repealing the ACA, consider instituting #medicare4all Healthcare is a fundamental human right! #singlepayer
no it isnt
. @harrisj87 @SenBobCorker as future physicians, we believe everyone is entitled to our services. #ProtectOurPatients #singlepayer
as i tax payer i dont want to pay for everyone else's healthcare
. @harrisj87 we respectfully disagree. Support #medicare4all  @SenBobCorker and treat healthcare as a #humanright !
respect my taxes then, its not responsible to take care of anyone but me and my family
YOU may be pleased, but your constituents are not.  #fixdontrepeal
well at least billionaires in cabinet if they make it in will be covered -
I don't understand why you're proud of this, but I'm not a sociopath.
yes we get it, anything to prevent the black man from getting credit for anything, regardless of cost monetarily or lives lost
is this legal murder? Are you profiting from this in any way? Will you stay covered as you strip coverage from millions?
Yeah, what the hell was @POTUS thinking trying to give 30Million Americans needing healthcare affordable access to healthcare? @SenBobCorker
Senator Corker. Very disappointed in you. Taking away health care from needing people to score cheap political points. SHAME!
If you don't like it, work on it, Amend it. But don't take it away and harm vulnerable people like my husband and son. I beg.
How can you take away something as good as the ACA without anything to replace it? Were you elected to harm people or help?
Shame on you! My son has #Autism and TN needs more help and resources.
guess you look forward to the people of TN suffering from your stupidity. Repeal & replace with what? GOP had 6 yrs to answer.
Thank you, Senator, for your efforts to slow down the repeal. It's VERY important to have a replacement plan in place.
My son, a contractor, uses ACA to insure his family.My daughter used it when unemployed. Keep it and improve it, I beg you.
I had to get health insurance before the ACA. Insurance was even ruling my mammogram a preexisting condition.
Thank you for your efforts regarding the ACA!
and when do you plan to tell us how the ACA will be replaced? It is irresponsible to repeal without replacement
You are not a man.
the residents of Tennessee -me included- have spoken and we don't want the ACA repealed. Listen to us! #saveACA
By irresponsibly repealing without a replacement, you're putting millions at risk. People matter more than your agenda.
Playing politics instead of caring about the people of TN, like me. Steal coverage of 250,000 people. No backbone. No heart.
Matt 25:36 When I was sick, you visited me... Where will you stand on this Sen Corker? Help to heal or help to make them sick?
If you have any moral decency you will stop this before it goes too far. People will die without this coverage. Replacement?
@SenAlexander what about people with pre-existing illnesses?We need that here in TN Don't hurt your voters this way. Fix it
imagine the face of Jesus looking on you now.
Silver lining is that 2018 is right around the corner
I don't want to go to high risk pools.I pay for my private ins.Have life threatening preexist. You have no right to to do this
You're helping the rich with tax cuts while endangering the health care of the poor and middle classes.People need insurance!
, thanks for your wisdom & leadership to advocate "repeal & replace" and if I can help you, I'd be honored to do so!
congrats on earning a vote for your opponent in the next election!
supporting the repeal without a replacement and taking away healthcare from millions is shameful and selfish.
You must ensure replacement to continue coverage. So many vulnerable families are counting on courage of those like you.

Disgusted that you've placed the lives of your constituents in the hands of those who have proven to be unreliable.
Death panels are finally here courtesy of the GOP.
appalled & concerned about your rush 2 support repeal w/o a viable replacement. This is life & death for millions of Americans
Please slow repeal until replacement ready. People will die. Consider need to protect #PreExistingConditions, #NolifetimeMax
but there is no replacement, please stop  you will literally be killing people #SaveACA
please don't repeal #ACA without first providing a viable alternative. Losing health care hurts our families!
This vote, w/o a transition/replacement plan, is a death sentence for many of us. Including me. Not hyperbole, FACT. Vote NO.
represent is shameful. They deserve better from you.
spending 8 years preaching on excessive spending then pulling a stunt like this, that hurts the healthcare of the people you
repealing without a better replacement, especially with how much it will add to our debt, is an awful idea. You've lost a vote
as a health care provider and one of your constituents, I'm absolutely embarrassed to be represented by you.
@WKRN Dear Sir,does repeal of the ACA that those currently receiving coverage under ACA will be without insurance immediately?
Repesling without replacement will cause Republican to lose big in 18,20 and beyond
Please don't repeal ACA. Avg. premium growth rate is 40% lower than Avg. growth rate over preceding decade. -Kaiser Foundation
you helped hurt our country and repeal #ACA you do not deserve to be a senator. #staywokeamericans
just BECAUSE people are on birth control, DOES NOT MEAN THEY ARE HAVING SEX. Birth control is more than just a contraceptive
how do you sleep at night?? Do you realize that you have helped repealed more than 30 mil Americans right to healthcare? 
-this is nothing to brag about.
what is the replacement?! You have only had seven years to come up with something, and still nothing.
Your full statement is bull. Tens of thousands of Tennesseans will lose their jobs, but opposing Obama is more important.
@madamecrab @SenBobCorker The GOP Care NOTHING About The American People, Except For The Rich .1%. Watch The GOP Recession Come
Taxpayers need to stop paying for your healthcare. You're not worth salaries we pay you - never mind benefits & retirement.
No, you should not be proud. I beg you not to repeal the ACA. A repeal without a replacement will be a disaster! Amend it. 
its pure evil is taking glee n taking insurance from Americans,UR party has no morality except for unborn
It is irresponsible & inhumane to repeal the ACA with no plan in place to ensure that millions do not go without healthcare.

As a constituent, thank you for yanking my healthcare out from under me. Looking forward to 2018! Elctions have consequences!
you are subjecting your constituents to unnecessary risk by defunding before understanding replacement. This is irresponsible.
What replacement? Stop deceiving stupid Tennesseans that vote red against their own interests..stop lying
Have you no shame? No empathy, humanity, compassion? No you only worship money & power. May God forgive you.
Stop misleading people with tweets..you know u have no replacement. All u care about is war and letting wall street get another bail-out
PLEASE DONT DO THIS TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!  For the love of humanity!  #fakechristanity
Please don't repeal ACA without showing a replacement. Don't #MakeAmericaSickAgain. The uninsured rate has dropped 28% in TN.
You are  our employee, we pay you. You won't be reelected and your party is  DEAD.
Why do you want people to not have healthcare? Layoffs at hospitals?
(2/2) of pre existing condition. Cancer 2016. Uninsurable. Don't qualify for obamacare.
(1/2)I just lost my ins when Bcbs pulled out of Knoxville (except state employees) I have been denied by all companies because
please do not repeal the ACA. Millions, like my daughter, have pre-existing conditions. You are risking people's lives.
I'm horrified by this. My husband & our 2 boys get our coverage via the ACA & do NOT want it to go away. We'll be watching you
Your actions to repeal Affordable Care Act is short sighted. You have no compassion on the citizens who need our help. #shame
you lied to us and thank you so much for leaving us behind in Tennessee .  #bobcorkerlief
as a Tennesee resident I URGE you to not repeal ACA!There is nothing to replace..YOUR constituents need ACA!! #registeredvoter
Let's #GetReal a moment here
@LauraMiers @SenBobCorker
Big mistake. Where is GOP's plan?  I'm not on ACA so doesn't affect me but does affect millions.
,,, How's the Blond ! Bobby ?
How many deaths will now be on your hands?
I made the mistake of voting for you. Thought you to be a measured, thoughtful leader. Now I know better.
.@SenBobCorker So what R the details on this replace you've been talking abt for yrs? U think a comprehensive plan wld be readily available.
"And Jesus said, 'Cast them out into the streets, because they should have had better jobs."
.@SenBobCorker Repealing #ACA shows how heartless and self-serving you and @GOP are. You will kill many people
you've effectively murdered scores of people by repealing their healthcare.
we should vote on taking your insurance as well Mr. Corker, hopefully you won't get sick, but hey that will be your problem
"I deserve the best free insurance your money can buy taxpayers, but you .. you deserve nothing" .. got it.
you're PLEASED that you've begun taking people's healthcare? What kind of monster are you?
You are pleased to leave millions of Americans at risk, uninsured and vulnerable. May God forgive you.
I look forward to seeing you removed from office.
it's both shameful & terrifying that you're this gleeful about stripping 30 million Americans of their healthcare #SaveACA
"replace"  my ass. This is going to cost people millions
YOU ARE PURE EVIL!
you are an embarrassment to TN! My family will pay the price healthwise for this reckless decision! #acaworks
Really?   These actions to repeal and replace without a clear path forward are irresponsible. Show me the alternative first!
The real truth here, is they do not have the 60 votes to fully repeal
They can weaken and crippled #ACA if senators like @SenBobCorker don't step up and #dotherightthing
what are you assholes replacing it with?  You have no plan. Big business puppet.   Who else do you we favors too. 
your no better than this asshat
Thank you for working for a replacement rather than simply to repeal.
You and your goons are totally irresponsible!!
as your constituent, I say SHAME ON YOU. This is irresponsible and heartless. #SavetheACA
Please explain in what way you've initiated replacement?
Thank you for voting to deprive me of healthcare because I dared to survive cancer. Enjoy the healthcare I provide you
you've had 8 yrs to come up with a replacement. Oh that's right, you were busy obstructing.
How do you sleep at night? You are not serving the people. You're a travesty in a suit.
how can you do this when repealing it will literally kill people? Tennesseans, and other Americans, need the ACA
the guy in the woods (@DGHaskell) was right about you.
congratulations, so you putting also under your high premium health insurance, I presume. Way to fix America
I'm saving this tweet to show everyone when you try to run again - you are a disgrace!!!
You are irresponsible and you will NEVER be voted back into office!
So you're in favor of up to 36,000 Americans a year DYING as long as you can spit in @POTUS face & have your OWN insurance?
the blood of every person who dies from lack of healthcare is on your hands. How do you live with yourself.
do NOT repeal before affordable, intelligent replacing! I vote in your state, self employed & NEED it! Repeal YOUR healthcare!
