Dude! Y'all need to stop letting @realDonaldTrump act like a fool attacking reps. I don't agree w/ many of your policies but defend you.
Of course you do.
But why?
Why would I defend Corker from Pres or why would Corker applaud Pres? Not sure who you are addressing but I can defend my rep if I choose :)
45 does need to G.O.
OK then
driving my point home
and yet you bad mouth our POTUS?We are 63,000,000 strong n growing!We vote!We have cash!Your next election is your last MAGA!
Attention Mr Corker. You must re-register to vote ( fill out a  registration form) if you wish to  change your political party  affiliation.
Wrong !! You lost plenty of support , mine especially! Back Trump or Back away, we can do this without you @BobCorker #MAGA remember?we do!!
The gov was trying to put all conservatives under one tent w/the Nazis.  He's a political prostitute!  Now a girl is dead due to his antics!
You stink
You owe our President an apology!
Yours & McConnells arrogance is stunning. 50 mil. elected him to look out for US, bc you've done such a crappy job so far.
I agree
Bob you need to be telling the orange sentient enema where to step off not smooch his backside Grow a pair will ya!
I get it now What it is with all of you about POTUS Everyone of you are infidels & reprobates & you Have to project what you are onto others
Anyone who loves the word infidels I worry about.
Me too I agree and the reprobates I'm sure they know who they are
Good about Venezuela, but do you stand behind Trump with making "Making America Great Again"?
He's always been a rhino. Do the smart thing come 2018.
I think both senators from Tennessee should be voted out of office. What do you think Mr. Shockley.
Absolutely, Lamar is just as bad. Just look at all the corporate money he accepts.
Your governments supported mass murderers like Pinochet for decades in SA.What's your agenda.??
I STAND WITH THOSE SPOREANS WHO WANT TO BUILD A DEMOCRATIC SOCIETY BASED ON JUSTICE & EQUALITY.
Please get rid of the filibuster! If you don't, the Democrats will.
Refreshing Honesty, thx Bob re: Trump.  Feel really bad for USA while Trump is in
New to Twitter..  Dump The narcissist bigot weasel liar racist devider  Trump
#CountryOverParty
There were also a lot of innocent Conservatives there too!  The Gov told the Police to stand down!  He's responsible for the woman's death!
Very disappointed in your recent comments!  You know what the President meant - he was referring to Antifa and BLM!
So you are happy that people are starving.
Do you applaud him for comparing "ratings of his pardon of a racist with "ratings" for a catastrophic flood?  #impeach
If you want to stand with the Venezuelan people, lift sanctions, & send in the CIA to destabilize the Government. (just like Syria & Libya)
you have done nothing about NAFTA, taxes, repeal and replace, 113 billion for illegal immigrants. Don't run in 2018 please!
I STAND WITH THOSE SPOREANS WHO WANT TO SEE DEMOCRACY FREEDOM & JUSTICE INSTITUTIONS RESTORED TO SPORE!

Oh Bobby, did Daddy Trump say you could carry his clubs next time he plays golf? TN very disappointed in you. Thought you were stepping up!
How about applauding the Trump administration for standing with the American people to celebrate and protect our history?
for you to attack Pres Trump wrongfully, means that you are a RINO and part of the crooked dishonest swamp that needs to be drained!
Pres has not yet been able to demonstrate the stability nor some of the competence that he needs to demonstrate in order to be successful,"
Thank you once again President Trump for leading a great team. God bless you.
RINO, speaks outta both sides of his mouth. Needs replacement.
You do realize when you get comments supporting your Resist with Trump they are Democrats that won't be voting for you
You better start standing with the President if you keep attacking the President you're going to be voted out to a real Republican
Trump is a despot. He just undermined our constitution and the rule of law under cover of s national disaster. He is despicable.
What is your statement on pardoning a despicable criminal and giving a GREEN light to racism and corruption?  We need to HEAR your statement
Last week you said Trump wasn't competent! Do you realize that 60% of your constituents are Trump supporters
Amen
Stop the presses, Bobby agrees with @realDonaldTrump on something!
What about Benghazi, IRS targeting, Hillary Clinton violation of the Federal Records keeping act? You failed to protect the PEOPLE! #MAGA
Glad you support and condemn where appropriate. Wish Trump did the same. He only sees you as loyal or not. Dangerous! #25thamendment
https://twitter.com/gingrich_of_pa/status/901147099328376839 …
Tn loves you,tn is happy.dont let the narcissistic autocrat keep going. You're so much smarter. 25th amend.
Stand with @potus @gop!!!

In 2037 your children or children's children or children's children's children will ask which side you took when Trump tried to end America.
#StandwithTrump
2018?  I don't think so.  Sit down, Corker.  You are an embarrassment to Tennesseans.  BTW...attacking the POTUS is attacking Americans.
Bob, I can't figure you out. You are all over the place. I plan to help you retire in 2019.
Wow something nice to say about our Potus hmmmmm
Got dammit I thought you had a backbone
I would like to see more severe sanctions, to include ban on heavy oil refining. Why buy from these thugs?
Now y'all are bff's again? You're shady af
You need to applaud him more!!! This President is so loved by the people and so trounced on by the Liberal Lying Media, the DEMS and RINO's!
Amen
Stop trashing the president. Someone will run against you. You're seat is not safe from reps who support the president.
You are clearly in league with a president intent on consolidating power not to preserve democracy but to empower white nationalists.
Given the pardon of Arpaio which not only undercuts rule of law but clearly supports state sanctioned discrimination TRUMP MUST GO.
At this point any praise you lend to Trump should be viewed as enabling a president who has no regard for the rule of law.
Yep
Senator: Political Correctness just isn't so correct politically, is it?
Venezuela is easy senator....what about the sissification of our military..how do you stand on that insanity?
Let's stop publicly bashing Trump even when he acts like a buffoon-- gotta stand taller...
Too little ! Too late! You gotta go!
Yep
Wow. I bet that hurt saying something good about POTUS Donald J. Trump. If u can't respect the man then the office Repub. Should be ashamed
you have not been loyal to your PRESIDENT  ! ! !
Loyalty to a person is fascism. Hitlerism. Loyalty to the country and constitution is right.
Do you applaud @POTUS for pardon a Racist Sadist?
What about the constitutional violation of #Arpaio ?Where are you on that?Corruption Has a foothold, you were complacent. Do your job.
Thank you for your words, and help Venezuelans against a criminal Maduro's Regimen. Thank you for understand the #Venezuelan problem
cmon senator....this presidential pardon endorsed racism & bigotry! Don't go silent now. Protect our constitution!
I'm angry and disheartened that Trump is ruining my RepParty while Congress watches. The crazies are out and I'm afraid
You chose to look the other way re: ethics on carve-outs fm sanctions based on pol motivation/pay-to-play. Shame!
Trump’s Venezuela sanctions has a carve out for oil company that gave $500k to his inaugural committee http://www.thedailybeast.com/donald-trump-just-gave-a-big-carve-out-to-citgo-an-oil-giant-repped-by-his-ex-aides … by @lachlan
Instead of supporting Venezuelans, how about supporting Tennessee and America you TOOL!
Thank you for the courage of your convictions
An adult spoke the truth and now the adolescents attack.  Repubs will be known from now on as the Party of "the Mad President"
And what a out pardon? Corker is that ok
Stop encouraging it just so it will stop tweeting about you. Stand up for yourself.  Stand up for US!
Now STOP criticizing Our President or you will be voted out in the next election! Stand with & behind him 100% on EVERYTHING!!!!!
What the heck is your sudden end slavery campaign?  Did I miss something?  Were we EVER Pro slavery???  What the heck is going on?
It's about time you stand with our prez Trump. You got a long way to go. Pls. Keep focus in R&R, Repeal & Replace. Get it done now. Thanks.
You were almost there. But no. While you applaud him, he pardons Arpaio. The man is a total disgrace to our country. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
Sanctions were a good thing but it does not change the fact that Trump is CRAZY. Thanks for speaking the truth. Don't go back and suck up.
How do you feel about #Arpaio or ban on #transgender ppl in the military? Your complicity is shameful.
How do you sleep at night ? Trump is writing the history of @SenBobCorker.It's not pretty. I am ashamed of this despot and my pansy senators
Please Sen Corker don't choke and allow Trump to take us all down a road of disaster!!
How many more innocent, hardworking people will suffer for one to realize @POTUS is unfit for office?!! we are praying! #abuseofpardon
Where are u on this Arpaio pardoning? Crickets from the GOP., so you all must support him still. I feel sorry for you #ImpeachTrumpNow
true!!
Time for you to retire. I think you and your family have "acquired" enough money.
Do you applaud the Trump administration for pardoning convicted racist Arpaio?
Now if you could please just get back on the same page with POTUS! We can't afford 2 have Republicans fighting Republicans!
Sorry Bob that won't work. Still not voting again for you. Make America great again!
You applaud him for pardoning a known racist too? Trump will be the end of every gop congressman/woman there is. Keep riding the trainwreck
Politicians stood idly by as #Hitler began chipping away its gov structure just like @realDonaldTrump's doing.
This country is on the same path as Germany was after #WWWI. #Hitler was freely elected like @realDonaldTrump.
Don't run again. U WILL NEVER BE REELECTED. BACKSTABBING OUR PRESIDENT was a bad move for u and other republicans.  It's despicable
He carved out an exemption for Citgo, who contributed $500k to his inauguration. Applauding his corruption, too?
Hang tough Senator.  You showed the cojones that very few others have done.  Country over party!
Country first, Senator--speak out against one who pardons Arpaio while a hurricane decimates our country! trump is incompetent.
Haha!! Look at ALL the dangerous  criminals OBAMA pardoned!! Was out playing golf when the Hurricanes were hitting us. NEVER helped!
Do u applaud him for pardon Arpaio?New face of the Republican Party!  Trump called him a great patriot!  God help us because congress won't!
Mr. Corker...1 minute you blast The POTUS and the next your patting him on the back...you really shouldn't run this next Term!!!
Glad he's standing with the people of at least one country! Not so great with ours.
But during hurricane he pardons a bigot x sheriff?!  Oh and bans transgenders from serving in the military?!  Someone hold him down
Mr. corker did you keep asking trump about running for office like he claimed?
Good Lord Man! You are a shoe in a Jimmy Buffet song for sure! #Term Limits The Vols are sick and tired of You and your Pladdy Pal Lamar
Please give us a break and get some backbone on things that matter!
TOO little too late corker--you stated your opinion -not ours-you should resign!!!!
Too little too late. Time for you to step down. We will not support a traitor such as you. #maga #americafirst #goptraitor #goplied
Subscripts: make sure no American citizens & their supporters are targeted
Career over.
Too late for you to speak with any authority. You dissed Trump.
Get behind our president and get his agenda passed for all Americans
He's corrupt. Just vote him out come 2018.
You suck @SenBobCorker Trump had your back and you stabbed him in his. I pray you don't get reelected in 2018. You don't deserve it.

Remember to thank Trump for the jobs coming back to your state, also remember to ask him to help get you re-elected.
Would like a statement on the ban on transgender ban now ordered by trump to start immediately this is cruel and a detriment to our troops
You can't hide from the fact Trump has nailed you to the cross and will now throw you under the bus
yourself, @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan and the all the never Trumpers need to go. America must drain the swamp
You need to be examined for mental instability.
Get your crap together and get behind our president, you can be voted out.
Vote this fraud out already.
He said Tennessee is not happy that you are doing a good job smh
Don't run again Bob Corker. We need new and superior leadership. Now both parties are #POLITICAL MAFIA. #DRAIN THE SWAMP. TRUMP 2020
Bob prostitutes himself to Big Business & Chamber of Commerce to line his pockets at expense of American people. He has no integrity! Shame!
Kissing up again Bob ! Too late bud !!
Let him sleep and vote his ass out anyway
Your worthless. Term limits for you and Alexander
ry standing with @potus & don't join in with the left calling him unstable. Start getting ready to "spend more time with the family," lol
Pack your shit, Corker!  Time for you to look for a new job!
Great-should have also stood with him on Chancellorsville, no guts and typical Rino politician. Be a team player or shut the hell up! MAGA
Didn't you recently disrespect @realDonaldTrump? Maybe you have issues. Figure out how's side your on.
You are so two-faced!  Stabbing him in the back one week and praising him the next.  Trump is right TN is not happy and will remember.
Obvious that the idiots in GOP haven't realized that this is Our Party! Trump's Party! NO RINOS NO DEMS 2018! #trumptrain #maga #harvey2017
Senator! Get your act together! Support our President. Now!
Thanks
Told you Trump would attack you for your comments
Do cave Sen. Corker!
Too little, too late Bob.  We won't forget your terrible comments about POTUS Trump at the Chattanooga Rotary.  RINO traitor!
I'm all for humanitarian aid! But seriously how does a nation with 20T in debt help anybody? Just print more money? Don't understand how?
Thought President Trump  was incompetent. How could he do any good by what you said yesterday.  Talking out of two sides of mouth
Oh Lord, here we go again Big Bob trying to make us think he supports the president!
Start standing with your President or you'll be out of office!!
Get off your rear and pass Obamacare repeal. @GOP @SenateMajLdr incompetent.
Good luck in the primaries. Attacking Trump gives ammunition to the lying media and Democrats. Thanks for making their job easier.
Unfortunately no opposition as of yet!
Damn shame. He would be ripe after Trump tears him a new one a few more times.
I thought you said @POTUS was unstable? I think YOU are unstable and need to screw your head on straight. He has BEEN there for you!
Uncorked Bob who's only accomplishment is the failed Iran deal
Now if we can just get the Trump admin to stand with the AMERICAN people.
That's nice but what about the Rep promises if we elected the Rep into control? Now you have the House, Senate and Pres.  What the heck?
Nice try, but a little too late. Tennesseans are voting you out next year. Have fun while your term lasts.
Yes, please get rid of McConnell also.
Corker just lost a lot of support by opposing the president!
Can't be a fence rider get with the program help make America great.
(Before this) he also gained support by opposing the president. There's a whole new 3rd party Independents willing to vote R or D like me.
Your still not going back to Washington. Too little too late.and to thing D J T was considering you for a vp right chouse was made

Now get behind our president and applaud all the good he is doing. I see it . You do too you just won't admit it.
Kiss ass.
We have a NEGRO terrorist organization (Black Lives Matter) threatening Americans, starting riots and killing Police. Screw Venezuela.
Republicans repeating Dems talking pts is why we elected djt. GET ON BOARD or put a D by your name.
WTF?  Why is it America has to jump to the rescue when in fact America can't even take care of its own????  AMERICA FIRST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Grow up America Standing with the People of Venezuela is the right thing to do no matter which political party you belong to @cnn @foxnation
He stands up for people, you and your GOP Sente friends are frauds that only stand up for the Chamber of Commerce
They go to DC broke and leave millionaires. Bottom line Trump is the biggest threat ever to the "business that's DC". They must stop him.
LMAO! We have a NEO FASCIST BROWN SHIRT GROUP running around OUR country BEATING CITIZENS and POLICE and you're worried about VENEZUELA?
The shame you must feel for your unprofessional and personally insulting remarks to our Pres. is behind your lame comment today.
Trump insults himself, does not need help
A little late now..We all know how unstable you are now
How in the world does criticizing the top republican in the country help our cause? U need to get focused or don't bother running again MAGA
Sorry..  You didn't say it fast enough.  NEXT
Haha, yeah right!! #gone2018
How about you standing by the people of TN and support the policies of the President we voted for?  Your term will end 1/4/19.
