Just another hypocritical day at the office for the Republicans. How very divisive you've been for YEARS. Confirm Garland too!
who used reconciliation when they held a super majority? Hypocrisy is a progressive trait.get informed.
Nevermind that the Dems worked with the GOP in committee and dropped public option to get GOP on board.
That explains why dems voted against law. Proof your uninformed.
The only Dems who voted against it were anti-choice House Dems. And if you are going to call someone uninformed, learn to spell. *you're
So dems did vote against law. Baby steps. I guess you forgot obama destroyed Democratic party. Start 2010 election to learn more.
I guess you forgot we were talking about the Senate and the filibuster, not the House. Too bad you can't read. Good luck with that.
No senate seats lost in 2010? Ever heard of Ted Kennedy? Progressives count on people like you goodbye.
Lest we forget GOP backroom meetings with @SpeakerRyan after Obama was elected, when Ryan et al. swore to work AGAINST Obama.
they dont forget. They just deflect. It was the GOP that created a new "block all regardless" policy.
Indeed. Some of these GOP Sens declined Obama's inauguration so they could plan obstruction. Bad!
it happened. The entire leadeeship met and created the policy post 2012. Straight from theyre mouths
ooops...thumbs..."leadership"
We have come a long way when a senator can give Iran the nukes to kill us all and not face prison. POS
reconciliation was a Democratic tool even when they held super majority. Hypocrisy is a progressive trait. Get informed bob.
should Bworking 2gether 4the better ofUSA however if 1group is determined 2block the progress of MAGA Step Over, Step Around but get'r done!
when We The People elected @realDonaldTrump, it wasn't only a repudiation of the Democrats...
.@SenBobCorker I'm disappointed you voted to allow pollution in our streams & to give up our Internet privacy. Confused re: your intentions.
@TNR1CK "Link to" not "Link at" *sorry* Thanks again for checking though. I don't want to get these things wrong. 
The Countable app lets you see how your senators vote. I was shocked, frankly.
Uh, along way from exactly where #PeeWeeRyan has stood for 8 years?
I agree, and it isn't the first time either. Senator Mitch McConnell did this same thing to Obama and Speaker John Boehner.
Just saw you on msnbc, no americans in syria
Good commentary on the evolution of political parties in the U.S. #cpol120
@SenBobCorker and his campaign contributions tell you all you need to know.
You are a sell out. We will #neverforget you and your greedy #gop actions in 2017 

#wakeup Tennessee and vote out that crooks & liars
A long way in a bad direction!
Ryan is trying to fool us as His boss fooled many. Voters elected them to work for all Americans.
Yeah baby.
thank you.  That's the problem in a nutshell.
but then...that's typical of that one party, isn't it? Wasn't it the norm for 8 years?
it sure as shit was!No wonder the Republican Party is composed of liars and bigots now. Good job Bob
A lot of comments here are angry. Me too. But you can change that. GOP must start pushing DJT back now, or he'll finish you
You can start by rallying support for an #IndependentCommission to investigate #TrumpRussiaCollusion. I know ya'll see it too
The anger comes from feeling betrayed by leaders who appear to willfully have heads in sand w/such grave threat at  doorstep
originally to serve as a Federal Judge.  The Democrats have acted as obstructionist totally, we voted for President Trump who we knew would
Well, Sir. Do something about it. #VotersAreWatching you.
Sounds like you're tired GOP dysfunctional stranglehold. Caucus w @SenateDems Ability to Govern+Social Tolerance+Fiduciary Duty+Patriotism
your courage will be rewarded. History will judge Trump supporters harshly
Isn't it something that you would blame the President instead of Chuck Schumer and the Democrats, who I might remind you voted his approval
there will be pay for this very un-American display. No checks no balances. Going down the rabbit hole towards dictatorship.
This is indeed sad. Before 2016 @SpeakerRyan was a respectable person, but he has been tied into the partisanship of the party now
appoint a Supreme Court Nominee of superior credentials and traits.  So don't blame President Trump in any way, it was the Loser Democates!!
.@senbobcorkerSadly, it's the wrong way.
@natelundy like the democrats have done the last 8 years?
.@SenBobCorker  As a native Chattanoogan, I often wince at your opinions. This time, as they say, you did good. You made me proud.
cmon Bob, GOP has been doing this for 9 years. Where have you been??
@cdelbrocco @SenBobCorker Put a corke in it Unethical crooked Corker.
Tell @SenBobCorker: Work with both parties and honor the 60-vote standard. Don’t go nuclear for Gorsuch. Call now: 202-224-3344
And you care about this? Your record is so shady it's impossible for you to throw shade. Btw WE can now buy YOUR ISP history.
@JohnJHarwood were you not at McConnell's post-Obama election meeting?

Treason they care only about the rich. Their human filth. Replace 2018 impeach now
Treason corruption lies greed theft of the poor. Ryan human filth. Fake GOP rep.
I don't see what the big deal is. There is an unbridgeable chasm between parties re Healthcare. 
Their proposed solutions are too divergent
You don't understand that strict partisanship is counterproductive and ignores the needs of those represented by the other party?
I agree Charlotte and I don't like strict partisanship. Its one issue I really didn't think either side would significantly compromise
.@SenBobCorker not to mention the @gop stealing a SCOTUS seat from President Obama & now whining that Dems won't roll over.
Joe Biden Argued for Delaying Supreme Court Picks in 1992 #nothingstolen
Because last 3 appts in a 5 yr span were so contententious he wanted Bush to confer w Senate. He wasn't refusing the right to appoint at all
This NYT proves exactly what I said. Thank you  The other article, tho it's a biased GOP news source, does not disprove me or prove yours.
A long way down, and it has been a precipitous drop. How will you work to fix it?
Corker? Isn't that like a Joker?
That's rich, coming from a member of the party that refused to work with "the other party" for the last eight years.
Thank you, Senator, for calling @SpeakerRyan out. ~A Delaware Democrat.
Hopefully Trump will contract a terminal illness this weekend and die. That would 'make America great again'
Trump. Failed businessman and criminal. R-Voters-No-Matter-What voted for him. Ryan disses him. Good for Ryan! Fuck R voters!
don't see how this differs dramatically from what the Reps did the last 8 years refusing to work with the president and the Dems.
Well said
Yup, a long way down.
Yes, and we know what party's leaders decided at the Caucus Room on 1/20/09 to oppose EVERYTHING Obama proposed.  Period.
you were quoted in an article by @NPR
They don't want to work with Dems, but after the lost the repeal ACA they blamed it on the Democrats.
Thank you for tanfding uop to the Speaker of the house.
Truth! McConnell was so wrong to do that to Obama for 8 years.
.@SenBobCorker - "Come a long way...?" I think of it as sunk to a new low. And they're your colleagues.
Perhaps TN's elected senators and representatives would do well to conduct a little introspective self examination.
@SpeakerRyan People are finally realizing that the GOP will never be bipartisan. Heck that can't even work together as a party.
@JoeNBC - that has been the state of the Republican Party since obama became president- nothing has changed
so what is new u are part of the problem voting for those with $$$ that help u more than us  need term limits NOW means your out of office 
Your party’s obstruction has set the stage for the total dysfunction of the government. You are nothing but a first class hypocrite.
A LONG way from governing!!!  Insanity is the rule of the GOP. 8 years obstruction 44 to the pain of American people. NOW more treason!!!
Poor Bob. You were expecting to chosen for a place on the cabinet. Don't you worry, Tennessee will keep electing you Senator forever!! 
Get a Grip,Time for GOP to get it together & quit having circular firing squads. House needs no advice from Senate with their losing record.
This post appears to be 8 years old.
the GOP is a disgrace
you are correct. these elected officials are to represent the people not the party
a Lone thinker
You are a hippocrate! You will lose next election
Mitch said Taking Obama out is priority  #1:
   are flying - I agree with Corker! 
So true! 
Amen
US needs all new reps and senators (not to mention president) and start over. War-like posturing of 1 side v the other serves no purpose.
who can meet to form a new Health Bill, that Most can agree on. Trumps threats, bullying and blame tweets will not work, but you fellows can
Sir, this is the problem with a Health care bill. Between both parties there has to be a group of reasonable, moderate senators you can mee
a long way in the absolute wrong direction....
We've come along ways towards hell when the GOP puts party & special interests before the American people!
The wrong way.
Thanks for having the courage to say what some of us regular people think. Don't let politics impede progress!
@Takahata101 as opposed to when the same party shut down the prior president and refused to work with him? It's classic gop
Our government needs to quit worrying about "the party" and put the country first. I dont care if it's Trumpcare or Obamacare..fix it!
That is exactly what the Dems do ! Trump has repeatedly tried to work with those Democratic idiots.
Trump is an unfit morally and ethically man who is a sociopaths liar an malignant narcissist!  Americans must dump Trump immediately!
Yeah we have and that's nothing to be proud of or happy about!  You are a member of party that is destroying America!
Are you referring to the day after Obama was elected in 2008? Or when #GOP in Senate pledged to not give Judge Garland a fair hearing?
Paul Ryan is outa there in 2018
Thank you for calling out Speaker Ryan.  Now please show further leadership by actually working with Democrats on an ACA fix.
I think this means that we've lost our Democracy!! Paul Ryan needs to resign he has lost his perspective!
Good morning, have you been asleep long? Recall that the "opposition party" was the GOP battle cry for 8 yrs. You did it to yourselves.
I remember when the 2 parties worked together for the good of all the people. Back when America was great.
The truth.  It's been that way for far too long!!
Working with the communist party is like playing with fire!
Ummmm... What?
A sad commentary on America! Are there not 10 good men in Congress that can bring about a change in Congessional life! ?
Such a breakdown in our republic.
And NOT a long way in a GOOD way.
Long way when you voted to sell our info to companies. You did not and will not have my vote. You send us backwards
I agree! I was wondering about that statement. Is this how our country works? I thought they r supposed to work together?
Thanks for your courage in highlighting another example of political power concerns 
over statesmanship.
#sad
Heaven forbid we work together
Yes, well, that's the party you helped create, Bob.
Thank you for being a voice of sanity!
Rarely agree with you, but well said
@POTUS @stevenmnuchin1 Bob, CLOWNgress has had 9 YRS to fix #Fanniegate; Results: EPIC FAIL https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQwGIxueBzM … @THR @WSJ
It goes both ways both partys should be nuked and rebuilt
Senator get them on the same page Sir.
Get us further away from the Globalisr Agenda
You should ask McConnell and company about that whole, we'll make Obama a one term president.
Oh Man! Senator...This is a heart  breaking statement.
Absolutely I was thinking the same thing unbelievable
That is what the GOP has become. They serve only to oppose. You are feigning surprise at the wetness of water @SenBobCorker
@PlananskyRobert Bob is this the start of your writing the term limit bill & Toss out party lines & bring in common sense?
Aren't you proud of your party, dear?
Your're part of the problem too. As a Tennessean, I look forward to 2018 and removing you from office.
#What's good is good and what's wrong is wrong. Working for the common interest of the people is the way#
Paul Ryan is way in over his head; he has no clue on how to be a leader or get things done. Perfect example of being "crowned" before time
@JanelleLewis15  The Swap'n Bullshit Rep are Adding to it! Y'all need to Work Together!! All of you need to be FIRED! ALL
Russian influence at its best
They the republicans did it for eight years under Obama.
Unfortunately for Americans, everyone worked together in repealing #BroadbandPrivacy.
most Americans would like to see Congress work together...
this is how they plan to bring the country together when they don't even want to work together
The United States needs to look at the Big picture.  The REALLY big picture.  No one wants China & Russia to become the world's leaders
Yup we sure have , we've got the most crooked president this nation has ever seen !! Can't wait till he's taken down for the count!!!
I admire your truthfulness
EXACTLY what our founders wanted to prevent!! Thank you @SpeakerRyan for your unpatriotism!!
Agree! @SpeakerRyan needs to channel some Tip O'Neil right about now. Bipartisan legislation is only legislation that lasts! #FixNotFight
Shame on @SpeakerRyan. This is unAmerican!
This is how you change it: Stop goose-step voting with your own party every damn time. 8 years of @gop partisan obstruction you supported.
you must be the Statesman for all of us.
A long way backwards. Your party of no is bordering on treason while only passing EO's that are hurting our planet, women, elderly, and kids
No kidding!!! Keep repeating that. Ryan does not seem to understand the job. This isn't sport. Get things done!
As a Tennessee resident, thank you! Proud to have a senator with common sense!!
It's disgusting & any of them that feels that way should be voted out.. it isn't their job to obstruct/not compromise! #CountryBeforeParty
National effort to repeal & replace Republicans
Mr.Corker we have not come that far from the minority leader of a political party refusing to work with the potus and wants to see him fail.
Gerrymandering breeds arrogance & the @GOP are masters at both. #Putin got Americans to do more damage to #Democracy than he ever could
Never thought I would be liking a Corker tweet, but strange days. I may disagree with you politically, but you are principled.
It's not about party. I'm sick of parties. I voted Trump, not Republican. We need a Trump party to drain the swamp.
Hey Corker pull back the internet bill or you will pay dearly
Truly unpatriotic to undermine the need to work together in a bipartisan way for the good of the country!
Do u think Mr. Gorsuch? Will rule according to his #religious belief and not will of science/facts?
Checks and balances, checks and balances, nobody wants checks and balances - just balancing their own checkbooks.
Good Morning Sen. Corker,  Surprised at  Speaker Ryan comments.  CONGRESS must work together. As a RN of 27 yrs, I am glad ACA was saved.
Senator, many of us believe the GOP is for party over country. Why not work to improve the ACA? Won't your constituents also like that?
Yes, All members of congress should work with each other to solve problems. The trend: no cooperation just partisan politics. Damaging
I would say America is going backwards. Paul Ryan, for being afraid to work with Democrats, should step down!! We pay the salaries!
I have said more often now since I am older that my views are becoming more conservative. There are reps I would vote for, but when the
illogical comes out of GOP party leaderships' mouth. I can't.  Americans who work hard deserve respect, kindness, and consideration.
Those who are less fortunate deserve a way out. Our environment needs our protection.  Wasteful spending must stop. #MaraLago Illegal
immigration must be checked.  The rich don't need anymore breaks. The working class deserves more breaks.
Probably he knows the @POTUS more than some of us do
Then quit enabling Trump.
@realdonaldtrump this mess is on our party , we picked this cheese doodle to be our standard and now we reap  the fruits ,,,,
Repeal and replace  senators who voted to dirty our water and sell our browser info. Time to clean house and get people who stand for us.
Trump led GOP Congress, Regression at its Finest! Most Criminal and Traitor ridden too! Lock Them ALL UP!#Resistance
- Thank you Sen. Corker. As a member of the minority party, I was thinking the same thing. I work hard and pay my taxes too.
Let me remind you, you don't work for the president, you work for your constituents, Sen Corker! You did take an oath, right? I remember.
I agree w/your sentiment, but feel compelled to point out he's NOT the speaker of a party, but Speaker of the House - for the WHOLE country.
You've regressed a long way.
#TheResistance #Trump #Kleptocracy
a long way OFF COURSE, yes. sad. effect of citizens united??
Shine a light on @SpeakerRyan "Party before Country" power grab. He will go down on the wrong side of history.
Who birthed that behavior, acting like preschoolers? President Trump! Tick for tack since January! No team work at all!
@JBax52 What a tangled web we weave when we endeavor to deceive.
Are you finally opening your eyes to your party GOP sell outs!  Oops your one also
Who are you kidding! McConnell had most Republican sign a letter to not work with Dems & Obama for 8 Years!  You republicans are disgraceful
WHTuniverse doUlive in?U ASSUMEsystm still HONORABLE,DUTY,PRINCIPLED,Godcenterd, Good4Am.U RINOe corrpted itBYcave2anti-AmLEFT!WEvotedDiff.!
Did you and other Republicons not do the same thing to Obama?
Note: your party started down this path when you decided to be the obstruction party. They don't know how else to function now.
We have come a long way in our country when a corrupt legislative branch (both sides) fails to protect citizens from a corrupt exec. branch.
Judicial Branch, you're our only hope. And of course, THE PEOPLE! #TheResistance
Your so-called president and your so-called speaker.
I wouldn't say we've "come a long way..." more like we've gone back to the stone ages!

Ryan needs investigated, with Nunes,Dt also, follow his $,travel...Ryan is guilty!
The Speaker is incompetent and must be removed.
just remember your words.  Bipartisanship can be a reality........ Psych,  @GOP hates everyone, even yourselves
incredible!
Name one bill Repubs passed 8 yrs under Obama, that helped the average American? Too busy blocking everything Obama?
Dafuq. Do you need a neuro consult? The name "McConnell" ring a bell?
