Great! Now we can focus on getting rid of the other RHINOS in the next election #VoteEmOut #useless
I know most of you guys don't actually know what "Republican" means, but are you also really unaware that RINO is an acronym?
You know Rhino Leptard, everyone knows how dumb and unhappy you are.. Get some respect for yourself...please!!!
U must be very intelligent because u make a great argument for your beliefs. Oh wait...u didn't
Oh wait... I don't argue with unintelligent Loser Leptards...Just state facts they can't understand 
please feel free and emboldened to say what you actually think of the president now and going forward
btw, I am accepting full credit for all of Bob Corker’s outspokenness
please feel free and emboldened to say what you actually think of the president now and going forward
Your immature twitter war with POTUS was not impressive, and said a lot about you. Time to go home.
Spot on

Oops!
Bob Corker’s finances have  been under investigation-
he earned millions more than reported.
#TuesdayThoughts…
Corker the porker is a loser!!! And a liar!!! He needs to put a cork in his mouth.....
How's that insider trading investigation going Senator?
Thanks for making a Democratic Senate Majority more likely! 
What r u smoking? This seat is very red and Dems defend 23 in 2018, including 10 in Trump states. Brown/McCaskill gone for sure.
I simply said the odds increased, not that they were going to win lol. 
Though a win would be a huge disruption to #MAGA, wouldn't it?
True. I doubt any red seats with legal voting want to go blue any time soin.
lol yes, go ahead and prepare the illegal voting narrative. It will cushion the fall if and when it happens. 
It took place in California and New Hampshire for sure.
SURE. I don't have to be that liberal who tells you that there has been no evidence of that do I?
No choice when there is no chance of a re-election.
You do it poorly
Don't wait until the end of your term.  Leave Now!  We don't need a Republican Senator who criticizes our President.  We need Term Limits!
Well said, he's a undercover Dem
Thank God you are leaving...no one would vote you back in
Instead of voting in GOP LOCKSTEP, vote for the working people. Stop with the partisan stuff and reach across the aisle.
Agreed not all Republicans R who they say they are! Not all Democrats R who they say they are! So choose wisely. Talk is CHEAP! Let's MAGA!
Serving the people of TN?  More like, enriching yourself on the backs of the people of Tennessee.  RINO traitor!
Sending gratitude & respect for your recent statements against the behavior of our current POTUS.  Thank you for your courage.
You two can cry together please not on Twitter go to your safe place to do it.
Any change to initiate impeachment of @POTUS as a gift to US citizens on your way out the door. You and @SenJohnMcCain ?
You wasted the opportunity to serve tbe people right...run away now before the draining of the swamp includes you too
EVERYONE WISHING YOU GOOD LUCK DOESN’T LIVE IN TN. AND ALL HATE THE PRESIDENT,,,THANKS FOR THE IRAN DEAL BOB. THAT AND THE MILLIONS YOU MADE
You will be greatly missed in the Sen., even by the Dems.  Ethical standards always are.  Best of luck in the future.
From a  Republican Tennesean.... can we make this resignation happen in 2017? Respectfully......
I second that.
Ok bye repeal and replace all who screwed our president and the American people who voted for our President Trump
Sir thank you for having the courage to speak out against this president.
I’m staunch CA Democrat. I have great respect for you & will miss the professionalism you brought to your party. Thank you for your service
Dems love ya, we don't, what does a Dem know about respect and professionalism,  look what they vote on, devils agenda
Go home we don't want to see your tears there's enuff snowflakes doing that.
Thanks for your service - make these last 15 months count!
I'm sad to say (we know the meaning of the Alt left rhino Leptard comment)
An honest man and dedicated public servant will be sorely missed.  There are so few that meet that set of American values.
LOSER,,,BYE BOB.
Spot on
Yea, yea. There is NOTHING you have done for Tennessee, or my life. But you're richer.
We don’t like u Corker, here in TN! We’re Republicans! You’re a democrat!
Thank you for your service as a Senator, and for always telling the truth, even when some of us can't handle it. thank you..
Senator

Do you mind calling for impeachment of 45 before you go?
-
from all True American Patriots
Impeachment cannot be a decision of swamp creature senators..and patriots are agst it...
You need to support your President.  The liberal agenda is pure evil.  I will not vote for anyone that runs against our President's agenda.
Respect
Agree next 15 mos could well be the most important of your Congressional service. We need Repubs who put America's interests over Putin's!
Like Trump does!!!! Hilbag sure did huh, uranium deal to our enemy
Thank you Senator Corker for your courage to SPEAK THE TRUTH. More GOP Senators MUST take a stand against the biggest threat 2 our Nation.
Yeah Hiliary Clinton uranium deal with Russia simp
I respect your service, office, and you. Freed of reelection stress, I pray you vote your heart & conscience and not the agenda of others.
Know your Constituents by feeling the pulse of the Presidential Election. Not ALL ur Constituents will agree w our POTUS, so be it. 1 vote
Fake Christian? Well I guess it takes a FAKE 2know one. However U have JUDGED this CHRISTIAN wrongly. My Judge and Juror is my Lord my God.
We may not be registered members of the same political party, yet I respect your actions.  They always speak louder than words.
Dems love you Corker
You deserve a break.  Enjoy time with your family.
I wish to you & your wife happy retirement or whatever you both decide to do. Best of luck & stay strong. Thank you for your service. :)
Now get lost
If you intend to get "great things done" then stop insulting the POTUS. You seem like such a small man.
So you decided it was time to stop leeching off the gov't?  Maybe it was the criminal probe that helped you decide that.
The people of Tennessee  no they can't count on you you are a swamp person
Resign now Mr corker you have shown your contempt for your fello Tennesseans!
ASSHOLE EXTRAORDINAIRE --  One less swamp creature in DC with you  gone.
Yay!
Good, you were going to LOSE anyway, saves us from having to campaign against you.
Bye
can't your resign sooner we'd like to fill your spot with someone that will actually do what We the people elected them to do.
You did not serve the people of Tenn when you bashed the President. You should just go away and leave politics.
You reading post on here these haters now support u as a lead hater want u to impeach President Trump you happy with your hate
you are a liar why? You don't support our president and we people elected him, ur selfish mean and a big sissy. U hate America
What a load of Horse CRAPOLA. You sir, have proven exactly WHY we didn't trust the other GOP candidates!
Bye! 
If you can’t support President Trump’s agenda then you are a traitor to Tennessee.
Hurray!!!  ByeBye.
Glad the President is "draining that swamp"..You,Bill Haslam and "Liemore" Alexander are all part of the problem. Good riddance to you all !
Respectable service... best to you & yours.
How did you make millions while you were in congress
Well Bye......
Couldn't get the POTUS endorsement.  Got it!
Thank you for being a senator. #family in #Tenn
Translation: We have sucked all the money and prestige we can from this job, time to cash it in from the outside. Good bye!
Yaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy. Most awesome news!!! Maybe Tennessee can find a body not corrupted to play senator in their state
BYE rino. Good riddance.
Too bad you have to stink up the room on your departure. Try low-key and just leave.
Senator Corker,I'm not a constituent,but want to thank you for your service to our country & party.I believe u have chosen the right path.
You could make a positive REAL difference in our country by backing the agenda of our president! Sorry to say it, it's time for you to go!!
ur voting against the will of the people. U would get humiliated in a primary if u ran. U r nothing but a grandstander/obstructionist/coward
Thank you, sir.
This is GREAT news and explains your nasty snark against POTUS. Go down as a Democrat, yeah?
How humiliating it would have been to be Primaried. It would have cut way back on the Lobbying and Corp Board offers also no doubt.
bye
Good bye Rino
Thank you for your past and continuing service. I'm sorry to learn you are not seeking another term, but you know what is best for you.
Couldn't you just leave now??? Hillary wants a travel buddy
YOU/GOP helped make the disaster that is Trump: then skip town? Thx for leaving U.S. w/nuclear threat. At least rid us of Trump b4 you go.
Good riddance. You guys in congress haven't done much. You deserve the criticism for Trump. #DrainTheSwamp
Bob - unlike “0” “T” is keeping the GDP above 3.0. Help the people with tax cuts before you retire. We need help.
Good news!!!! Another RINO anti-Trumper off the list. Will you be reregistering Dem?
Go out in style by taking down the most corrupt Mnisterz of Injustice on RICO charges. Here is dead bang evidence! http://www.thornepeters.com/conspiracy.html 
I think you did a good job
Will you work to be a stronger voice for the people and stand against the tax bill that only helps the richest and stand for DACA?
On your way out, can you please explain to the President that a) Puerto Rico is part of the US; b) our gov't an obligation to help. Thx.
This conservative would not vote for you anyway. Support President Donald J. Trump, not real hard.   Those that do not support, are corrupt.
Good...No Loss.  Iran Deal...
I am a liberal ex-Tennessean who greatly admires how you represented your state and the nation. I wish we had more senators like you.
^^^^and that right there is the problem.
For the identity obsessed anti trumpsters on this thread.....TENNESSEE IS PROTRUMP STATEWIDE
Just curious Senator Corker would you sponsor & pay for my campaign if I threw m hat in the race! LOL Nice ring don't ya think? Senator Rose
Joking but I would hell of a lot better job! @POTUS @VP @flotus @ap @realDonaldTrump @DeptofDefense @60Minutes @ConcernedVets @Cabinet

Don't let the door hit you in the ass.
Glad to see you go one less in the swamp.
You are a Gentleman in every sense of the word!
With deep regret I watch u leave. I have admired Ur intelligence, eloquence, & the hard work U've done 4 Our beloved Country. God speed Bob!
Not many ppl get 'the big test' that will define the courage or cowardice of a generation. Which do you choose?
@GOP Please be a hero and patriot-remove 45 team treason-lying corrupt racist dangerous putin puppets. #nullify2016 #CountrybeforeParty
I was very sad to hear you were leaving the Senate. You have never embarrassed me as Senator. We have not always agreed, but you had my vote
whens the last time you stood at start of day #pledge, senators that are not present for pledge should not vote that day, #ShowUpForPledge
I imagine most Senators have to balance resonable governance with the extreme parts of their electorate. We need more voter education.
So sorry to see u go. I mean where can we find another sen. who did what u did: allow Obama's obscene Iran deal to circumvent Treaty Prov'n?
You did well Senator. Now about that impeachment, no?
Memphis will miss you. Good luck in your next chapter
12 years ago you swore that you would abide by the term limits proposed in the Contract with America. Thank you for honoring your promise.
Please oppose attempts to erase the CFPB’s new rule on forced arbitration!  We deserve our day in court!  #RipoffClause
Senator now that u r not under Trumps thumb ,plz don't let them drill in Artic refuge let it remain sterile environment it is
Now do the right thing and vote for the working class people on tax reform instead of voting for your rich friends. Just a thought!
Sen. Corker: Thanks for 12 years of service in the US Senate. I hope that the lives of your children/grandchildren will not be @risk by Iran
Think about the next step Bob...
When are you announcing your run for POTUS More importantly HOW are you going to divorce yourself from your support of this train wreck ?
Good, I can quit talking to your pissy staffers...
@FoxNews @SenSasse @RandPaul @RonPaul Good riddance, ponzi scheming career criminal unaudited FRN rep @SenBobCorker
Not just the people of TN all Americans benefitted from your service...you'll be missed
Bet Iran hates to see such a friendly face leave the senate!!
so are you gonna run for President?
U think ur swamp deal becoming public had anything 2 do with this decision?
This is y they spend millions 4 a job that pays $160k a year.
Our Democracy is on attack by Trump and Bannon by replacing it with Nationalism. We need you and other Republicans to fight for us.
Sen. Please let the american people know about why you are really retiring and what is going on with the changes in our democracy
Good, glad to see you go. You're at bit to liberal for me, think we'd of voted you out in '18 anyway... So good call.
Please reconsider, Senator. You know how desperately we need reasonable voices in the GOP and you know your replacement will tow Trump line.
Looking forward to the "revolution 2018" #cleantheGOPswamp #MAGA
Sorry to see you leave.  You are one of the very few honorable and intelligent Republicans left in government.
Thank you for your years of service. You've shown you can disagree without being disagreeable, something in short supply in DC these days
.
Iran thanks you for your service.
Great.  You wod not be reelected anyway.  Have a nice retirement.
Does that mean you are going to support IMPEACHMENT because their should be outrage for this administration. That would show you really care
WRONG! @SenBobCorker knew he would not be re-elected. Just tell the truth. Leave office with a small amount of dignity.
Dear Sen Corker, did you see the monstrosity just elected in Alabama? I'm a Dem, but we need good Republicans to run in benighted states.

Best news all day.  Good riddance!
That's great news.  Good riddance.
My name is Bob Corker.  People say I'm a nice.  That was before I put my support behind Donald J Putin.  Now I'm known as a Putin's boy.

Wise decision based on your @SenateMajLdr @SenAlexander et.al. establishment swamp dwellers inability to get anything done. Look out 2018!
Please be our hero. We desperately need one right now. #ImpeachTrump

Funny.  The polling number must have been shit since your Iran deal.  You own it and should live in obscurity and shame.
Thanks for living up to one promise and staying more than 2 terms. Time to turn your seat Blue! @TurnTNBlue @tndp
BLAHAHAHA! Dems are truly fucked. You won't turn anything blue for the next 100 years.
Adios swamp thing.
While you are still here - would you possibly consider doing your job with regards to the rogue potus? History will judge your actions.
Thanks!  You have served long and well!  You will be missed!
Thanks for speeding up what was going to happen anyway. Now the people of TN can use their energy getting rid of Lamar. Term Limits
I see you decided to take the easy way out rather than lose a primary race.
Finally doing right rhin. You got house senate and wh. All you have done is obstruct POTUS. JUST GO AWAY. Plz dont come back to chattanooga

I want you as our Governor please @SenBobCorker
Good Bob... now you and your fellow republicans can get out of the way of real progress.
#GoodRiddance
"biggest privilege" that you ruined. Thnx 4 nothing. You should retire because I doubt seriously that #WeThePeople would have reelected you!
You seem to be a really successful investor. Any advice to an amateur such as myself? Have a great day
Become a senator!
Then u can make swamp deals that puts $3 mil tax payer $ in your pocket for the next 20 years.
Then announce ur retirement
Every since the election every time we have seen him and other TN officials, they were and begging for cabinet positions
Thank you for your service!  #finishStrong!
Good riddance crook. You have always been a fraud that's in lockstep with the leftist agenda. I'm sure you have lined your pockets well.
Save us.  Impeach Trump Now!
Is someone keeping track of retiring GOP? Here's a chalkboard.
and he would still be preferable to ANY freaking Dem.
Pro-life, anti-partial birth, pro-parental consent.

Source Numbers USA
abortions.    Voted NO on expanding research to more embryonic stem cell  lines.     Prohibit federal funding for abortion.
Voted YES on prohibiting minors crossing state lines for abortion.  (Mar      Voted YES on barring HHS grants to organizations that perform
not a constit., but as a pro-lifer thank you for these
     Voted YES on defining unborn child as eligible for SCHIP.
Corker, don't allow that ignorant Trump run you off. You are the only GOP Senator to tell the about that fool. Please stay and save us all
15 months 
Thank you for repping a truly Great State not only here, but internationally as well - a level head. Thanks for supporting foreign affairs!
Governor Corker?
you will NOTbe missed. Why wait.  Go now
Good riddance crook! How you look yourself in the mirror after that 3 million dollar insider taxpayer ripoff deal is beyond me.
Good riddance.
Thank you for your service Senator Corker.
Conservatives applaud your announcement & ask that you move date up. Corker Cardin Iran appeasement deal is your legacy.
ROFL...yeah BOB we saw the poll numbers too...wasn't going to happen Mr. Citizen Legislator....
Your criminal cabal is OVER!  You SHOULD be ashamed, but you have no soul, so we expect you're not.  #DrainTheSewer (YOU!) #MAGA #LockHerUp
Anti Trump trolls glad to use your announcement to call for impeachment.
Thank you for your service,  candor and honesty. Keeping fighting for Tennessee and the safety, well being and proserity of all Americans.
