On November 6, 2018, I too will make an excellent decision by casting my ballot for another candidate.  #byeBob #hotseat
can't wait to see him go!
You keep pandering to @realdonaldtrump. I'm curious as to what kind of nefarious things you've done. #BirdsOfAFeather
Makes you wonder which Russians he met with, doesn't it?
Yep.
It is time to stand up and quit allowing him to embarrass our country. Would you allow anyone on your staff to act like this?
Seriously, you should reconsider your position on him. SMART PEOPLE know better. Your support of him makes you look dumb.
WE ARE SICK AND TIRED OF TRUMP ACTING LIKE A TWO-BIT BOLIVIAN DICTATOR AND YOU SAYING NOTHING AND DOING NOTHING ABOUT IT. DO SOMETHING!!
Jeez Cork... Is this somehow to cover your insider trading on  Chesapeake stock thing.. or just usual support of Komrade's criminal admin ?

what was the first excellent decision?
Lapdog.
How can you support the Traitor who works to weaken, divide, demoralize America?History will not be kind to u
What other excellent decision has he made. He supports taking our healthcare and cause bankruptcies,death and supports putin.  Which one
Hey Bob, how does selling the shred of dignity you had left to the slime of humanity feel? Do you have feelings at this point? #sycophant
ANOTHER excellent decision??? What was the first one?
He always makes good decisions, better get on board before you get left behind.
Get health care repelled. Americans should NOT be FORCED to buy a government product or be punished. Change it or get out !
Health care!  Health care! Health care!  Are you listening?
Has there been anything he's done that you HAVEN'T liked?  #allontrumpsjock #trumplover #countryb4party
You're better than this @SenBobCorker  please represent TN better or history will not be kind to the enablers
Corker is clearly NOT better than this. Trump admitted to blackmail and still Corker endorses him.
Name three "excellent" decisions. And what about all of his dangerous embarrassing & hateful decisions? Where do you stand on those?
Trump always makes the right decision. This man knows what people need
was it "another excellent decision" for him to tweet a vile and vulgar insult yesterday?  You were quiet about that one.  Sad.
Nice.
Trump could nominate El Chapo has the head of the DEA and you'd tweet your support Corker. You have no credibility with me.
Do you think POTUS tweets denigrating women were also good decision? Why r u silent on POTUS bad behavior? Endorsing misogyny?
Oh please. That foolish old man hasn't made an excellent decision since election. STOP. You are damaged by your association with him.
@SenBobCorker (615) 279-8125 to let him know his actions on #HealthcareBill have consequences.  #RESIST
Done!
Stop. Enabling. This. Thug. 
NOW!!!
You're going to be remembered as a follower of King Trump. Hope you're proud of yourself #sad
Seriously, name ANY other "excellent" decisions. We'll wait... 
This tells your constituents you support his sexist, racist, craven, presidency. And after yesterday's tweets, you are no better than him.
Senator, you represent me. In no way is your support and validation of this man reflective of the values held by Tennesseans. For shame.
DITTO
It's about time this Republican Senator started saying something POSITIVE about @POTUS... what a refreshing change!
You are an embarrassment Senator CORKER! Can't wait to see your exit from this important job, which you obviously cannot handle.
Stop sucking up to @POTUS  - it's beneath you
another???? Can you tell me just one "excellent" choice he has even made?
No statement about his immature, vulgar attacks on women, AGAIN? You're just as bad as he is. I hope it is worth it for you. Smh
Oh Bobby, it warms my heart to see how many other fellow Tennesseans feel that you have failed us as a senator.  Now let's vote him out!
Unbelievable. You applaud this man? Wake up!
Please represent the best interests of individual citizens--not big health industry. #disappointed
"Another" excellent decision? If there's one thing Trump doesn't make, it's good decisions. Ten seconds on his Twitter feed will tell u that
Keep puckering bob.
Stop it stop it stop it. You are supposed to be a grown up.
Sycophant
@realDonaldTrump Why, Sir, have you not spoken out about his ISSUES? You know the man is sick, a nut job as Lindsay Graham called him. Help!
What about his decision to threaten and extort Mika and joe?
bob get a grip
*headdesk*
My God Senator, are you really gonna make these weak attempts to deflect?  I guess you learned that from DJT - c'mon!
Stop providing cover for his disgraceful behaviour
Seriously????  So disappointing you can actually continue to support POTUS when he continues to be such a Poor example of mankind. #Mika
"Another"?? Poor choice of words Sir
All y'all full of shit.
You're an embarrassment and will end up on the wrong side of history. If this behavior continues I will no longer be voting for you.
So Senator Corker, what will kill more Americans, your health plan, global warming or Islamic/right wing terrorism?
And another dumb tweet.
How's he doing after his face life though?
It's unconscionable that you flagrantly tout the actions of a man with zero vision and no ideology.
You tweet THIS but no condemnation for his childish behavior!?!?
U know Trump is unstable & a danger to America & have the  means to impeach, but U choose not to act.Blood of America will be on  your hands
Read your comments! TN voters, R & D do not appreciate your support for POTUS. It's embarrassing, foolish and won't serve you in future.
Is it possible for you to remove you lips from this man's ass for more than 5 minutes?
He's a embarrassment and dangerous; this comment makes me feel that you're too.
Vote no on Trump Care
I have strongly protested against #AHCA, but I'd gladly go without insurance to sponsor your opponent next election.
That goes for you too, @SenAlexander #TheResistance #ProtectOurCare #RESIGN
BOOOOOOOO. You're a political shill, Senator. Tennessee will remember your silence come 2018.
An excellent decision would be to "stop bashing WOMEN!"  Tennesseans have real concerns with the president.  Keep your distance, senator.
Another EXCELLENT decision.  Right.  Just like bashing women and bragging about grabbing their genitals.  Your choice of heroes astounds me.
"Another"? Please stop appeasing him. TN needs you to be a better man than the POTUS. You are not representing him.
@realDonaldTrump implied this morning that he's using Natl Inquirer to blackmail folks. NOTHING HE DOES WARRANTS YOUR PRAISE.
And you have made another backstabbing decision in supporting @realDonaldTrump. You are guilty by association. #RESIGN
If you would stop kissing his ass and get real, maybe your constituents wouldn't be disgusted by you as well.
You're actually going to defend Trump's decisions today? You must really miss TN and want to come back here permanently.
As a TN voter, stop kissing Trump's incompetent butt. History will be harsh.
"Another" excellent decision?  Seriously?  Which other ones were "excellent"?  The decision to hang up on the Australian prime minister?
The decision to refuse to shake Angela Merkel's hand?  The decision to shove the Montenegro prime minister on international tv?
The decision to hire Mike Flynn and Paul Manafort, unregistered foreign agents?
Sorry, I do not believe a word you say "Trump Surrogate".
Can you point me to any other 'excellent decisions' the Tweeter In Chief has made?  Thanks.
Senator Corker, there is something wrong with the president and I believe all of you know it
So that must mean that you think he has made a good decision prior to this one. Really?

You wouldn't know an excellent decision if it jumped up and bit you in the ass. He hasn't made a good decision in his entire life.
It must be exhausting to feign support for Donald. You can always choose the American people over the GOP ANY. DAY. NOW.
Complicit.  ?Collusion/conspiracy?  History will not look kindly on you.  Neither will the next election.
From your lips to God's ears!
There's a brown spot on your nose.
Where is your statement condemning the #Mika tweets? Your silence speaks volumes and history won't be kind to those who enabled this fool!
Another stooge. How long before he needs an atty? Shouldn't be long, get the tiny cuffs ready! #TrumpRussia
You haven't publized any town halls or speaking engagements. When are those happening? My calls and emails are ignored.
Happy you share when you approve of POTUS choices, I seem to have missed tweet where you condemned his tweet yesterday as beneath the office
He's extorting journalists. Stop allowing him to stay in office.
More superlatives. When Trump does anything normal, why does it have to ba lauded in superlatives?
What's he got on you? Never mind. It'll come out.
The word is #Kompromat
Yet another excellent decision, right guys? GUYS?
Any comment on the most recent tweets? You are a TRAITOR.
please keep embarrassing yourself 
Please stop it!!!!!!!
Please stop pandering to him
There you go again praising him. You just can't help yourself. As lo g as your agenda gets done you genuinely don't care what he does.
