Then why why why why why wouldn't you authorize the use of military force to the last president. #reformthdcurrentGOP
Trump acted WITHOUT Congress. This is an act of war against a foreign enemy/country without congressional approval.
Perfectly legal check the war powers act. He 90 before going to the Congress. OBAMA did the same in Libya. Good job Mr president.
Perfectly legal check the war powers act. He has  90 days  before going to the Congress. OBAMA did the same in Libya. Good job Mr president.
Didn't you stand by in 2013?
While I am not whole hearted behind Trump but when you do good you should applauded for it. The country is in desperate need of good news.
MISSION FAILURE: US struck base deliberately avoided destroying chem weaps/killing crews. Warned Ru/Sy. Message? .#SyriaStrikes
So exactly what was the point
Unfortunately your boy conferred w/Putin, not Congress. The strikes landed on an empty air strip. Assad given notice and moved his planes.
Decisive action?  You gotta be kidding! Assad used the same base to launch a second attack! Merely a prick!
Now get the rest of Congress to get behind TRUMP.
Despicable chickenhawk, warmonger, neocon
#dumpnecons
So you support a war crime in response to a war crime? Where is your rebuke as you did to Pres Obama for attacking a nation? Hypocrisy
True but what comes next ?
This was distraction to take away from Russia investigation and nothing more.  He told Russia, Syria abandoned base before strike. Pathetic!
Obama asked Congress to approve bombing after Sarin gas attack, your party said no. trump doesn't ask you applaud. What blatant hypocrisy.
And you stood by and voted to ban Muslims as refugees from Syria sought aid here in America. Your crimes are cruel and SHAME ON YOU!
You are aware that this is a contradiction right
Then you are condoning a clear violation of the Constitution and the unprovoked attack upon a sovereign nation.
This strong response, but not enough.
The mullahs & the #IRGC should be expelled from #Syria
 #StandWithSyria #IranOutOfSyria #AssadMustGo
We all haven't just been "standing by" as you put it. Some of us are sending what little $ we have to @preemptivelove to provide relief
Valid argument, but how does it end?
Your statement is hollow and hypocritical. Your past words and actions do not support the human beings of Syria, rather they toady to 45
You and your other cronies, Trump included, have no idea what you are getting into with Syria and North Korea. Are you willing to bear arms?
Why is this ok but you wouldnt approve military action when Obama asked in 2013?
Meanwhile @POTUS DJT kills children twice himself and children in Flint.
Why didn't you support President Obama in 2013?  Politics.
tht will be bad move to do. congress is the most anti American set up ever. @SenJohnMcCain  hs bn ther for 30yrs . sad
NO GOV PAY shud B Limited from Taxes BY the SAME GOV that write the  LIMIT,DO the math,#RaisePayrolltax & Fund IT
I agree.
Bob the #Republican lead congress did exactly JACK SHIT when #Obama wanted to force #Assad to stop killing his own people. U Fool No One.
FINALLY... you are on the right side of our RED line!
Have you got any actual EVIDENCE that Assad was behind chemical attack? Any facts to go with your warmongering rhetoric?
Do you  use wounded veterrans as stage props & gold star families to feign patritoism?Get to work & http://VOTE.Save  your applause!
You applaud this?When's the last time you went to a VA Hospital ?They fight & Congress doesn't even have the courage to VOTE ! PITIFUL !
Expensive Sabre Rattling, Bob.  About as effective as your GSE Reform in #Fanniegate.  Here's how 2 Solve in 6 secs:
I agree with you Senator
But we wont allow the little children to enter US.
corker is a biggetted racist,Obama wanted to weaken assad years ago,corker & GOP voted no,trump does attack without permission,& he praises?
If we continue to turn away refugees fleeing this conflict we are no better than Assad.
Indeed encouraging that the President is listening to his outstanding national security team and that Bannon has left NSC.
Well, so glad you finally woke up Senator follow the wind. Where were you last 8 years while this was going on? You just saying popular BS
The children and innocent lives lost ARE THE VERY People that you have prevented from entering the US. #Hypocrisy #diversions
#replace bob corker
ANYONE WHO HASNT SERVED IN THE MILITARY SHOULDNT BE ABLE TO SEND TROOPS INTO COMBAT OR LAUNCH MISSILES, NO MATTER THE PARTY
If the people that made the wars had to fight them, there would be world peace. Right @SenBobCorker ??
You helped get a mad dog into the WH, don't complain when he starts biting people without your permission.
Who confirmed Assad is responsible for chem attack? Same IC that have been investigating Trump & still found no evidence of Russia collusion
Wow you changed your tune real quick!!! Incase you didn't notice he acted on his own without CONGRESS!!!! This is an act of WAR!!!
I thought you were different Bob, but you're just another GOP partisan stooge
45 let Russia know beforehand. Did he run it by you guys? Is it true that the GOP are supporting a president that forgot about them?
Most of the American people aren't that dumb Bob. We know what this strike was all about. #PollNumers
to bad you were such a coward when President Obama brought this to Congress and you didn't even want to vote on it! Looser!
.@SenBobCorker My statement in response to U.S. missile strikes in #Syria: 
#SupportPresidentTrump
You muppets are all reading from the same delusional script.
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse Sir, The Same Rule should be applied to PAK for Torturing Balochistan. @PIRDHAN_BALOCH Why Double Stds? @FOXTV
Thanks for another needless bloodbath
What is the end game of this "moral strike that makes USA just feel better"? What is the political strategy now? Other than beating chests?
And what was your response when Obama wanted to do this in 2013? #Hypocrite
Oh! now let's bomb them to cover up treason #russiagate @CorruptionLinks @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @RepAdamSchiff @MaxineWaters @slate
This will do  absolutely nothing Senator.  We aren't that stupid to think he cares about Syrians now.
You should not be so eager to support illegal strike. I'm no dove, but this was very hasty and reactionary. I'm a Tn constituent. 37212
and where were you in 2013?
If we truly care about the people being harmed by Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad, then we must allow more Syrian refugees into the USA.
Is it weighing on your conscience that you didn't support action against Assad in 2013?
@HeidiPrzybyla where were u when President Obama asked Congress to help him with this situation?
i'm sorry, did you just mistaken the president for ISIS? cause i think you did.
That's hilarious. If he wanted your opinion, he'd give it to you. Keep on tweeting. Yours do as much good as mine.
where was this appetite for action when Pres. Obama came to Congress in 2013 & was ignored/denied permission for airstrikes?
Thank you for supporting our President.
Oh Lord.
Thank you
Jingoist.
Lots of #kneejerk masturbation at this "touchdown", but have the extensive, myriad consequences been determined (as ever)? #Syria #Assad
Let's hope everyone, especially @potus reads the last sentence
Glad our country acted to stop the genocide. Just hope this doesn't lead to war against Syria, Iran & Turkey and maybe even China.
Turkey is pro-rebel. It's Russia we have to worry about. 
Russian deaths will become a political issue.
Is the basis for the action protection of US strategic interests against definite threats?
And I think somebody NOT insane deserves your seat at the next election if we have a govt left then. #NotMyTNSenator
Good!!!!
Proportional step was not appropriate. Clear communication prior to action would have been.
Ladies and gentlemen,  yes there is casualties. Assad attacked his own people.  Killed innocent people ..for propaganda.
As a representive to your constituents, you should insist that @realDonadTrump get consent from congress.  DO YOUR JOB!
Shouldn't he consult Congress BEFORE starting an undeclared war?
I've said from the beginning of trump's presidency he would start WW3. I have no reason to think otherwise.
"Who's responsible 4wheat that grows, mankind who clears the land; mankind tilling soil, or mankind that plants seeds, or the harvests?" NH
Isn't it your job to declare war?
Go forward with congress yes. Announcing to American ppl no it endangers our troops
Shouldn't we then also let in refugees seeking to escape this horror?
Amen! Yes! We Must help those very people that the idiot is trying to ban!
So Assad and ISIS are at war with each other and now we're at war with both of them? Hmmmmm...
What happened to Congressional approval?
What is wrong with you? He just made a complete about face in his stance on Syria. Assad is evil but Trump just bombed them w/o approval
Your ok that Russia was told first & not our State Dept? Is that not odd to you??
Tell me more about Russia being told first?
Senator, where's the constitutional congressional declared war?
But, we won't allow the people of Syria safe haven in the US. Have you any shame?
Exactly!  They had no reaction when they saw dead babies washed ashore.  WHY?  Because they are refugees and might be terrorist?  Shameful!
Oh it's soooooo sad that we can bomb them, but not allow the refugees in?
We were attack by Saudi Arabia on 9 11 and you guys did nothing. You have no right to attack Syria
@ZekeJMiller Our troops cannot be subjected to chem weapons. Kerry said they had been removed from Syria.
Funny how Republicans did not want Obama to retaliate but now it is ok? 
I cannot believe you are that obtuse Senator.
would have been nice if you had approved Obama's request for engagement the last time this happened...
And stand with Trump giving the middle finger to Syrian refugees?
HEY CORKER WHAT ABOUT THE CHEMICAL WEAPONS BEING DEPLOYED AGAINST AMERICANS NOW BY OUR GOVERNMENT CALLED #CHEMTRAILS WHO SHOULD BOMB YOU ALL
America stood by as warcriminal @netanyahu brutally occupied, tortured and murdered Palestine People. #BDS apartheid israel. #Syria
Complete disagreement... he banned all those people now he goes and kills them? Oh and lets by all means also kill some Russians as well???
Thank for your statement I am sure this will get Trump in line. Sit Bob, roll over Bob, down Bob
how about instead of starting another war we take in the syrian refugees
this opinion is a result of your personal moral failings and you should repent
Please don't communicate to anyone the government strategy in this, or any other war. Thank you.
Lol, those who say President acted without Congress , are you kidding me, congress has been fighting, pushing for this ......
@POTUS signaled to Assad 2 days before chemical strike that he was not our problem, but Syrians, likely causing all of this.
But not a word about the refugees who are fleeing these attacks and whose lives Trump has made even more miserable with his ban and rhetoric
Where do you stand on accepting the refugees who are the ones actually suffering, Senator?
Take Action first; no need to give an enemy a heads up. After the mission is completed a special news report should occur.
He let Russia know and left you all out:
#BREAKING: The Russians were warned ahead of the strike on Hom, Syria

#trumprussia #russiagate #resist #trumpleaks http://www.cnbc.com/2017/04/06/us-military-has-launched-more-50-than-missiles-aimed-at-syria-nbc-news.html …
Sen. Corker: And What Might that 'Strategy' be? Does Anybody Know what this 'so-called' strategy it? Unicorn Poop? Perhaps PieN'theSky? SAD!
Plus this is a good distraction from all the Trump / Russia collusion investigations.
Idiot.
We must provide refuge to the people trying to escape Assad's brutality.
Obviously @POTUS didn't care about your approval @SenBobCorker
I guess you don't see the need to seek a UN authorization as is required for this action.
If ya'll actually cared about "those people" there are a million ways you could actually have helped them.  You refuse to let them in.
How many beautiful babies will die when trump takes away their healthcare.
Obama would have done the same, if you assholes would have approved it!
and will you let these same people seek refuge in the United States
@jbendery Could you be more vague I mean for gods sake stand up and be clear.
Honestly, I don't care what you think
No one cares what you have to say about this situation. You've proven yourself a useless automaton.
You're nothing but a yes man to an out of control ego maniac
Well said, Senator
The State Department was kept out of the loop. Syria is a sovereign nation. We are setting ourselves up for war. Who are you serving?
Actually Tillerson made reference to planning a specific response earlier today.
What is your malfunction?!!!! This is not how to go about this!
Hours ago you said such actions would immediately require congressional approval.
that's what they do, speak out of both sides of their mouth!
No no no! This is not his job! Stop being a yes man and speak your truth! We are no longer a great.
LIES!!!!!
