Happy Birthday, @SenBobCorker! 
Polls??? 
This is all that matters! He's still YOUR President!!! 
Sorry chick that is not the way it works but hey 8 years ain't that long... hang in there Trumps got this!
Have a great day!
As an East Tennessean, THANK YOU, for having the spine to speak out about @realDonaldTrump. Now where's @SenAlexander? @VoteGloriaJ
Congrats on energizing democrats with your #Disgraceful statments @BobCorker
What's #Disgraceful is the President. He's doing exactly what I thought he would. Destroy the GOP. Have fun.
He is destroying the old GOP and simultaneously DNC. New way of politics that doesn't conform to established ways #DrainTheSwamp
And trying to destroy the Constitution?
What is unconstitutional? Name one thing
Screaming to change Senate rules and how Congress works just so he can have a "Win." Congress DOES NOT work for him. He needs to understand
That has nothing to do with constitution.  And the filibuster rule is not in the constitution. Try again
Thank you for your courage in speaking out about Trump, we need you more than ever now, and happy birthday!

Happy birthday, Senator! So proud of the courage you've shown in recent days!

Perfectly fine with u Sen. Corker. Glad u know how to call out Trump. He is a liar & hope the Senate calls him out on his bad behavior.
Your serve money of Tillerson & Trump & both are incompetent in their current roles. I do not believe you serve Tennesseans. Fill State Dept
I wish we could relocate Dina Powell to work in Corker's office right now! Perhaps, State Dept. could get more positive outcomes w/o her.
Can't stand either or! Won't get my vote!
Now you and Lamar need to work on getting Trump out .
LOL...... drain the swamp
Happy Birthday Senator Corker! 

Thank you for your service to our country.
Looking forward to voting against you and Lamar - you're both a disappointment for Tennessee. Sad very sad
Belated Happy Birthday.

Lamar & you Corker need to go. Your time is over & fresh outlooks are needed in the Senate. No longer want y'all good ole boy legislators !

Enjoy it, both your Senate days are numbered
OMG what do you take us for? Idiots? Do you Senators not know when you guys send tweets to each other that we ACTUALLY know what's going on?


After your Corker Cardin Iran Appeasement bill, time for you to join buddy @JohnKerry in retirement.
I used to support you till went against Trump. We Trump voters are watching
Can you get your other drumpf supporters together and go jump off a bridge?  Thanks from the country
You mean thanks from the Sissy liberals
Zinger!  Got me!
@SenAlexander you and the others can be replaced as a Republican it disgusting for Republican not to working with Trump.
Sure am glad to see all of these good bye wishes. When is Lamar's last day?
Whenever the election is will be his let day. Can't come soon enough!
support Prea Trump programs then seek re-election
@SenAlexander we won't be supporting you either. #maga #americafirst #goptraitor #goplied
You are both sorry excuses of Senators.  You have only been out for your own benefits and never have supported the people of Tennessee.
Hope soon you will both be replaced with true conservative that support POTUS..
It's so NOT an honor to have you serve. You should both resign and go back to the private sector and leave governing to someone else.
@SenBobCorker with age, wisdom is supposed to come. Not for you. Your attacks on @POTUS @realDonaldTrump disgusting. Support our President.
Time for BOTH of you to leave! #TOOLS
Lamar acts like a democrat! He joined Pelosi's confederate rhetoric! You and Lamar need to step down! Time to vote out the swamp


You both need to support our president.
Trump competence? I love how you elites still don't understand why Trump was elected. You're a disgrace.
It's obvious. He was elected by folks who want incompetence in gov't to do things like gov't shutdown for a stupid wall funded by you and me
Incompetence by the swamp is why trump was elected. Let's see, govt run healthcare and 20 trillion in debt? The estblshmnt is so competent!
Swamp, you say?  45's all about a bigly swamp and knows his supporters don't verify things he says/does.  lol
Oh, just like keep your healthcare and keep your dr? We don't need anymore nicely packaged words by idiot politicians. Actions matter. Lol
45: We have a great healthcare plan that's cheaper and better.  
Now THAT is funny.  Esp when #trumpchumps bought it hook, line and sinker.
Ah, there is no Trump healthcare. The current law is Obamacare. It's working out so so well. Liberals destroy everything they touch. Lol.
Even the D's know there are issues that need fixing, but R's have no answers and their own constituents raising hell to keep their ACA.
Drain the swamp! Corky's got to go!
Corker is the incompetent one .He facilitated the Iran Nuclear deal for obama . I wonder how he got benefited from the deal.
Both of u r TRAITORS against Tennessee and our #POTUS. Time to move aside RINOS.
Hey Einstein, the election map was over 60% for President Trump. Hillary barely got half that. We have BIG numbers.
#MathIsHard
You are making yourself look silly, just stop. Please take up posting animal pictures, should fare better.
Bob how about you support TRUMP? I'm 48 first time Voter, I Voted TRUMP many like me will vote again. You will be voted out if it keeps up
Just vote him out don't wait if keeps up he already disgraced himself with his statements
That's true
we'll be so much better offwhen this little man is on the street. Turned his back on  the Tennesseans that put him in office. #SAD
Bob Corker needs to lay off the president! Needs to shut up! Stop hurting americans with his big mouth. Back off DJT!!
Only one Republican has a national mandate. RINOS got to go!
The next Trump rallies should be n KY and TN so voters can show what they think about turncoat, leftists handmaidens who NEVER research 1st!
May want to research before buying into propaganda, pissing pants during fund raising break, & being a turncoat. Goodbye Corker.
@SenAlexander You two haven't served Tennesseans, you've only served your net worth and own personal interest as well as lobbyists...
Happy Birthday, Mr Corker. I'm proud to see you and @SenAlexander opposing Trumps latest trick. Raised Rep. Lib now but support Integrity.
You and your friend won't be in office for much longer. Enjoy it while it lasts
Both of y'all fixing to go. Next election y'all can kiss your spot bye bye.
Two RINO's commending each other. Corker should be in front of a jury instead of a birthday cake for his Wells Fargo scam.
I like you. Standing up. 
Not serving the Tennesseans anymore.  You are both serving yourselves!
Enjoy the rest of your term in the Senate, because you won't be reelected unless you do some serious backtracking & apologize to our @POTUS
Why not serve the majority of Tennessee?
Get behind our president today!
Cheer up.... there is nothing wrong with Chattanooga.. seems like.Tennessee is calling you home
Poor Bob! Can dish it out but can't take it? U better get going on the Trump agenda, which is why he was elected, or u OUT!

#MAGA make America great again by replacing looney lying Bob Corker 
Tennessee constituents are so sick of u bashing our potus to make u look good with democRATS.. u hopefully will be replaced soon !
Corker (aka deep state) -vs- voters, game on.
For your birthday, we'll be working with @realDonaldTrump  and real Republicans to unseat RINOs like @SenBobCorker & @SenateMajLdr Mitch M.
Thank you senator. I had you wrong. You proved to us in TN that you're not a puppet and you're not afraid to stand up to the highest office
if you don't stand with @realDonaldTrump please step aside cuck. America deserves better than a phony Republican like you Bob
Obama showed great stability and competence...as he was successfully destroying our nation.
Start supporting our President or get out of d way & resign. He knows what d ppl want & u clearly want 2 grandstand. It will backfire on YOU
Obvious ur not running again, Bob. Notice how true colors come out when scumbag #RINO politicians not in campaign mode?! @Potus @Trump #MAGA
You need to go A-hole. If it wasn't for you the Iran deal wouldn't have gone through.
Enjoy it.. You won't be serving much longer.
Happy birthday.   And you have my Tennessee support about the president.   Mexico pays for the wall.  Or no wall just good security.
A clear sign someone has served the tiny brain king his fat orange ass on a server, his gullibles get agitated and swam like flies on shit.
? You can't even make sense using curse words
Not for long.
Really I read u are running
For Pres 2020 just about
Busted a gut. u think u
Can shit on TRUMP supports
And then get Dems to cross over LOL!
You must be doing something right if you have Trump slamming you
Not a fan of yours, but I thought you may like this page update which includes his slam of you.
Wow did u screw up. You are now enemy #1 of @realDonaldTrump he is very popular here in TN. U on other hand are not. Learn loyalty u POS.
#senatorbobcorkerisswamp
You're the unstable and Incomoetent one you're the swamp! Give me a break! Look where we are today bc of politicians like You!!!#corkerswamp

.@realDonaldTrump fails to condemn white supremacists, urges cops to "rough up" suspects, & may pardon Sheriff Arpaio. A troubling pattern.

President Trump's attacks on the media are deliberate and systematic. They are an attempt to deny the press its constitutional rights. 
Senator you're the SWAMP! It's bc of your incompetence this is where we are today! You're not the successful one and TRUMP has to fix it!!!
Putin likes Nazis. GOP likes Gorka too? #FireGorka #GOPsilent
Christoph Hörstel, the leader of the German anti-Semitic party "Deutsche Mitte", visited Russia-annexed Crimea and met with Putin. 
https://mobile.twitter.com/OmanReagan/status/896563796071731201 …

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
Thank you for speaking out about our unfit president. TN appreciates your service to our state & country. We support you  %!!
Appreciate your courage to call out POTUS. I wish more Republican leaders would. Stay strong.
#GOPsilent #FireGorka
That was quick
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 

Sen Corker, how do you feel about Sebastian Gorka? Why are you silent regarding his employment? #fireGorka #CorkerSilent https://twitter.com/dc_resister_bee/status/901061932903309316 …
Congress should be giving your time to serve our country not a get rich career. All America should be yelling for #TERMLIMITS
We prefer true Conservatives and not spineless wannabe RHINOS.
You're just like Alexander.
We the People have had enough.
Reader's Digest version, you're lame and suck! DJT has done more in several months than you've ever done! Say g'bye to your career in govt.
You RINOS do nothing but instigate . Thanks for being a faux Republican. Time for your Miller High Life is finished#ByeAtTheVotingBooth
I'm sure you like Alexander. You're 2 of a kind. Ever heard "A house divided"? TN voted for Trump's agenda.U R OUT #TERMLIMITS
For 8 years, Obama pushed the US into Communism.  Today, to Make America Great Again, everyone has to work hard; including you Mr. Corker.
Repeal and Replace Donald Trump. LUNATIC WILL GET US KILLED.
Mr. Corker, you are a coward! RINO!
U turned your back on Tennessee our nation and our president. Flake and Graham are gone too. Maybe y'all can open a  bucks together
You are on notice! America is opening their eyes to the Swamp next is @JohnKasich
Help make America great again or watch Republican Party be destroyed.
Don't fool yourself. People praising you either live in other states or are liberals and will never vote for you. Know your base, Bob.
Trump is trash-talking.  You and Mitch got to spank him, Bob.
Happy Birthday & Continue the GOOD fight Senator.
#IStandWithPresidentTrump
Hey Senator Corker, how do you feel about Trump's tweet this morning? Can you trust the president?
We live in Knox County and will happily campaign against you. President won TN by 30 points,but you don't support him or his agenda. Bad Bob
Support @realDonaldTrump #maga Or you will be voted out.
Happy belated.  Thank you for giving me hope for a more rational and dignified, less #fakechristian, TN.   45 is wholly #UnfitForOffice
RINOS need voted out.  We only want people that support our @realDonaldTrump & want to #MAGA. #IStandWithPresidentTrump 
have you paid your taxes yet?

Truth.
I voted for you for the last time!  Your time is done.
Good News Swamp Man ... Lamar's Disgusting 17% Liberty Score actually makes your Dismal 47% Liberty Score look good. And...That Ain't Easy.
Thank you for your work to end modern slavery. Please continue.
Pls resign, you suck!
RINO RINO go away ruin America another day. Bob Corker is a typical swamp RINO rat. Where were you when we neede you? Benghazi, IRS #MAGA
America got your back!! Trump's influence extends no farther than his dwindling base of gullibles.
I see trump has sent his mindless goons to visit.
If u go against our Potus I know his supporters will do all they can to see you Do Not get re-elected
Senator you've done so much for Tennessee. Chattanooga where I live a great reflection of your leadership! Happy Birthday! TN is happy w you
Don't think it's gonna last long. You're outta there.....
Oh how sweet. Now start cooperating with the people's president!  If you don't, you won't get my vote next year.
But you'll get mine and others!
Welcome to becoming a private citizen and having to abide and live by the policies you and Lamar imposed on all citizens of Tennessee.
Love this!!
Thank you for your service, for speaking out about POTUS. Please continue.
You and Lamar are my senators and I couldn't be more disappointed!  Please stop being RINO's and get on board with POTUS
Now that you and Lamar will no longer have all the perks our tax dollars pay for I suggest you sign up for Obamacare  or be penalized .
President Trump has accomplished more in 7 months than you or your buddy Lamar have done your entire time as senators for Tn.
What of significance exactly?  

Ready for a gov't shutdown to get nothing done, but you and me paying for an ignorant wall?
I say catch all illegals, you and I pay for, make them build the wall
Tenn:  Get Corker out!
I live in Tennessee,hope you enjoy your last birthday as a senator lol.And you call yourself a republican,Shame on you Bob!
You both have had enough time to get your act together, if you do not then it's time for a New Show! Get it together or just get out!
It will be a greater honor to be one of the Tennesseans, responsible for voting both of you out of office. C'mon primary!
Be fair. That's all we ask. Tennesseans have changed—people are pouring in from all over, including immigrants—all taxpayers. Represent all.
What are you like 12 yrs old?  Try working for our money and stop worrying about birthdays.
Liars and Losers! @SenAlexander is having his staff lie about still being for repealing O-Care while his statement indicates otherwise.
To both of you self serving Politicians: Stop self serving ways and put Tennesseans  First!  Try being a Leader and not a Follower!
Sir, u show integrity 2 speak out on what u see indepth, daily. The public only sees what's been filtered. Some will hate u. I will pray 4 u
Hope your birthday was peaceful. You are one of the smart ones. Stay in the saddle, even as the ride gets wild.
P.S.

QUIT ASKING FOR ADVICE ON WHETHER YOU
SHOULD RUN AGAIN!

AFTER YOUR STATEMENTS,

GO WORK AT ACE HARDWARE!
Senator Corker do the people of Tennessee a favor retire and let someone have your seat that will actually help our president
DRAIN THE SWAMP
DIDN'T KNOW U WERE APART
OF THIS !

OH WELL!
ONE BY ONE, 
LEFT AND RIGHT
U R THE NEXT 

THAT WE FIGHT!
Enjoy what little time you have left in office you dope.
Sen you ARE being evicted NXT ELECTION.ANTI TRUMP BS reason.USA wants our agenda moving http://forward.GOP  FAILING USA
Sir thank you for speaking out about @POTUS lacking the competence to perform the job. You are 100% correct! #ImpeachTrump
Every time a #SwampCreature makes a disparaging remark about @realDonaldTrump it helps #WeThePeople #vote

#DrainTheSewer
#DrainTheSwamp
#flushMcpoop
He is attacking you again on twitter. I think its time to come out again. Really though, when will you impeach this guy? He can't continue.
Trump Derangement Syndrome strikes again.
Thanks for standing up to Trump. If the Trump train is against you you must be doing something right! #impeachtrump
Not a good idea to speak so negatively of POTUS. No longer business as usual in DC. Please don't insult the people that voted him in.
Which was most of Middle Tennessee
YOU AND EVERY OTHER REPUBLICAN GOING AGAINST THE POTUS THAT 63 MILLION VOTED FOR NEED TO WORRY ABOUT REELECTIONS, WE PUT POTUS THERE TO DO A
JOB AND YOU AND OTHERS THAT REFUSE TO WORK WITH HIM NEED TO GO, GODS AGENDA WILL GO THROUGH AND WE WILL PROSPER, THAT IS WHY POTUS IN THERE.
You stuck up for this psychopath while he was running and after he won and now look what he's doing to you. You and your colleagues are all
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/901057864516734978 …
#MAGA
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!
get a grip folks.
Hell of a job on the Iran deal you damn RINO fraud
Trump just slammed you on twitter. Exactly what did you say that got his panties in a bunch?
