is ivanka some one? Other than the daughter???
@rs78poems @SenBobCorker @IvankaTrump Just like Dad, born w/a sliver spoon, anything she's done has been bankrolled by family.
And lost $100 Milllion in one year and refuses to make taxes public
Whatever he is hiding. If he is not hiding something, why not make them public?
what Position was she elected for again?????? I mean serious? What is she doing there???
is there as a cover to make the *45 Regime more attractive. Oh, & violating nepotism laws by attending meetings
unbelievable  that he is getting through with all of this BULLSHIT 
It's astonishing that @IvankaTrump & @jaredkushner are allowed to break the law. Most dictators do it though. Reduces defection
Nepotism laws.  @SugarBabeEm @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner
& no need to reply with loopholes/"strictly speaking" it doesn't apply to *45 comments. @SugarBabeEm @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner
She is a women's rights activist and possibly the first woman president #MAGA
The lovely liberals laughed at Trump too so don't tell me that it's not possible.
@ @SenBobCorker @IvankaTrump If by "Russia" you mean "the Democrats"...Ivanka is a shoe in.  #democratshavelostit
Great. More white people tallin about modern slavery.  How about your dad and his racist friends acknowledge Slavery happened
as long as the people fleeing slavery don't try to come to the US as refugees
When did Ivanka become #MemberOfOval? #Nepotism #DoYourJob #Corker!!
Just where do you think those Syrian refugees Dad bans as "Muslim Terrorists" Mothers and Children will end up??
Where are the busts in TN?
2 white millionaires/billionaires talking about modern day slavery!  R u joking?
Modern slavery is sending coal miners to work to get black lung & then provide inadequate health ins
Raise minimum wage to $15./hr an actual living wage. Stop the budget attacks on poor,elders,disabled.
WHAT ABOUT THE MILLIONS WHO WILL BE THOWN OFF HEALTHCARE WITH NO REAL HOPE? WE NEED MEDICARE FOR ALL ... NOW!!!!!
Bull
please watch the documentary "13" and work against private prisons. #alsoslavery
Only someone who has done zero research on the topic blames private prisons for anything. 90% of prisoners are in public prisons.
ahahahaha you founder supporter of modern slavery
Private prisons equal modern day slavery.
Have Ivanka look into her grandpa & great-grandpa's history. She should know about slavery to help fight it.
while the Donald honors a slave owner....
funny because ivanka is a white slave
I would love a meeting Senator about LGBTQ youth and the lack of funding in Upstate NY moneill@acrhealth.org
Interesting to not that Obama was such a strong supporter of some of the same people who have not done away with slavery even today.
Did you ask her about her sweat shops in China?
does she even care? I dont think so
she probably has lots of experience.
Trump, Bannon, and Miller all do the "white power" hand gestures (). Miller uses 2 hands. Damn NAZIS

The myth of liberal Ivanka Trump: In reality her policy positions are as cruel & inhumane as her lunatic bigot daddy http://bit.ly/2mUYxLd 
Senator Corker, I am concerned Trump is alienating our allies.
how about speaking against hate crimes that this Republican Administration and Congress is encouraging?
Don't you mean the hate encouraged by the liberal Democrats?
.@SenBobCorker @IvankaTrump

are u kidding me? We need Trump to resign immediately so we actually accomplish many things. Not just photo ops.
not likely
If she didn't use cheap foreign labor & children she'd be more credible.
And end that pesky minimum wage.
I'm concerned with ending modern slavery  but more concerned with Trump's cabinet members involved with Russia.
Whom better to confer with than a Black woman.  Respectfully, we come from a world which you  cannot understand.
and just what expertise would she have in that regard? This corruption is coming to an end soon.
Ironic.  Trump wants to tax items coming into America. Then Tax Ivanka"s products
Wonderful. What are you two prepared to do to ensure America doesn't become the slaves of Russia?
Do you even know how you sound- lol crazy town!
THEY she needs to stop making her stuff in sweat shops.
Psl Spare us of your smoke screen.We will hold ALL u REPUBLICONS accountable in 2018.Keep up the "good" work.
modern slavery today? Middle class paying the way for the rich is a form of slavery enjoy your medical care on us
You mean immigration, right? Per Ben Carson
Feed the poor or see hell from god
really.. What about Wal-Mart and massive corporations that make us work for,pennies and make us overworkourbodies
modern slavery is perpetuated by repubs.
sad that the Global Gag rule prevents health care for girls/women who have been trafficked. They deserve care
#Nepotism .. might want to look & see violation of US Code Title 5, SubPart 3, chapter 31 !!! @jeffsessions
Build the wall. Stop refugees who have NO respect for women & enslave them into our country.
Maybe you should hit up Ben Carson for a definition of 'slavery'. #WTF
Fighting or coming up with new eating of legalizing it???
You mean "Force immigration". That's what Benny Carson says
Trump is already that by deporting the mexicans
the workers at the sweat shop she uses get 2 days off a month, and do get paid a small amount so yeah, not slaves
modern slavery in a factory making IVANKA line crap? Sweat shops are a Trump's best friend.
who elected ivanka?
you sir are a suck up   Her copied goods in China are made by modern slaves! Be real
you guys should meet with @HUDgov Carson to discuss slavery. Smh
1.  What was she elected for again?  2. will she start with the sweat shops producing her clothing line?
Did you guys discuss her fathers hotels or the sweatshops in China that make his shirts and ties sold at Macy's?
WOW, SO IMPRESSIVE THAT WE HAVE IVANKA WORKING ON MODERN SLAVERY! WHEW, WHAT A RELIEF!
Great!!!!
Didn't you ask @IvankaTrump about that money laundering deal for terrorists, in AZERBAIJAN @SenBobCorker ?  https://qz.com/925067/the-trump-organizations-azerbaijan-partner-supports-iranian-terrorists-says-the-new-yorker/ …
ask her about Azerbaijan #FederalPrison
according to Carson, slaves are just happy immigrants.
maybe all the new homeless your policies are creating will NEED to be slaves
but your Dr Carson said there ain't no slavery only immigrants so you can't ban them
So does this include her not Made in America clothing #Sweatshop.
2 Losers!!
.@SenBobCorker @IvankaTrump Or as @RealBenCarson calls it, "immigration."
Former Models for Donald Trump's Agency Say They Violated Immigration Rules and Worked Illegally
Does Ben Carson know?We the people want an independent investigation Trump Campaign now & DJT Taxes.Not forgotten
ask about Azerbaijan next time.
@Mike_Beacham @IvankaTrump That was NEVER a topic for the Past Muslim in Chief. Thank you. #EndSlaveryAct.
Doing business with the Corleones of the Caspain in Azerbaijan is against the law! Dozens more around the globe!
fighting modern slavery?  Oh your going to help impeach your father
So we can expect Islam to be cited for still practicing chattel slavery in the 21st century. 

Right?
Who is Ivanka and why would she be more important than constituents to meet with a senator about anything??
Why bother? Secretary Carson believes all slaves are immigrants searching for a better life for their families.
Great. Too bad she's not a politician.
@suchaluckygirI @IvankaTrump Back in 86 I had ify doubts, however, Since Many 1000's of Women have Shown Me They are ToughUSMC
@suchaluckygirI @IvankaTrump I Love a Womam Who can talk on Same Level as Me, or be Part of Invasion Force having my 6 USMC
@suchaluckygirI @IvankaTrump Camel Jockeys scared Wives Smarter than them , that is Why they Dis member Womans gentelia
@suchaluckygirI @IvankaTrump A True Woman who Thinks Acts Alone, her Own Thoughts. This is what Camel Jockeys fear Women Smrt
@JackPosobiec @IvankaTrump you can't make this stuff up
@kevinOrourke302 @IvankaTrump these people don't care about the Issue of human slavery. They just want to #Hate #MAGA
@JackPosobiec @IvankaTrump 
This is fantastic news. Thank you. Any haters on this thread should be immediately investigated.
Roflmao, what, you opening a camp for them next?
Did the discussion include for-profit prisons using ICE detainees as slave labor?
If she doesn't stop her father from destroying our country, nothing else will matter.
Gee Bob. What exactly is it the she was hired to do?  Is she a WH employee? I think you need to be investigated 2
how about doing something about the unhinged president. Equally disturbing to civil society.
stop musical.ly + snapchat from subliminal messaging our children to kill themselves . #savethechildren
great can someone help the Tis currently being tortured in America and around the world
- that's funny! Hey, we didn't elect her to sit in on meetings- if her dad is that stupid, he should resign.
I'm guessing #endslavery includes $1/day wages paid to inmates by private #prisons?
You mean you discussed how to terrorize vulnerable minority groups bc both of you have no moral character.
TIME TO RESCUE THE CHILDREN
.
Just keep the Democratic Socialist Agenda
on the sideline, Bob, it will end modern slavery.
.
why I thought she was a private citizen with no position In the new administration.
Hey Bob nobody elected @IvankaTrump to Amy office. Nepotism is DISGUSTING
isn't forcing illegal immigrants to work violate the Trafficking Victims Protection Act? Isn't this slavery?
is the in reference to illegal immigrants being forced to work in private prisons for a dollar a day?
. @SenBobCorker @IvankaTrump I thought she wasn't First Lady?
She doesn't know that.
she's not FLOTUS, she is DaughterWife of POTUS. First DaughterWife of the US, ever!
Cut back government 50%, then pare it down from there. Govt should not be dictating to private sector.
A living wage could help.
Explain modern slavery!  So far u have done everything to expand it-hate voting rights. Y talk 2 Ivan-shes nobody
. Good job Corker, fight modern slavery and bring back good old antebellum slavery.
1. She never cared about this issue b4 you told her about it.Go in2 any church in the US &
She needs to worry about getting her father some mental help.
Do get 2 attached 2 her when her father gets impeached she has 2go also - the whole family is corrupt
And in what capacity does she serve? You have time for this, but not to meet with your constituents?!
So do you meet with any random women that ask for a meeting
Does @IvankaTrump believe she can skirt nepotism law by being a WH employee without paperwork?
Have you asked @IvankaTrump exactly what her position is in the admin? How does a non-employee have authority?
Had a chance to discuss your party's more murderous elements? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2017/03/04/go-back-to-your-own-country-sikh-man-shot-in-his-driveway-in-suspected-hate-crime/ …
Interesting that Ivanka Trump would be so-called involved in "modern?" slavery since Donald is a racist.
You could start by getting Bannon out of theWH....
impeach Donald trump
Bravo! This atrocity HAS to end! But aren't we  all slaves to the would-be NWO? That HAS to end, too!
Did you discuss the foreign sweat shops her brand uses?
who are the three Russians at Mar-a-Lago this weekend ?
how ironic
Yes, please discuss how Trump slaves people by not paying them wages to enrich their family. #ImpeachTrump
she's a recipient of nepotism welfare. Stop wasting your time.
Thank You!! This is an abomination that needs to end now!!! No pun intended on Obama but that needs to end too!!
Why would you be talking to Ivanka? Does she have a job at the White House? What is her official role in our gov?
She's in charge of the KLEPTOCRACY Dept. @ the White House. Very skilled, learned scam from the best, Daddy dearest
Start in her sweatshops.
Aka Islam.
start with the pizza gate
starting with her step mother? #daughterwife
Thanks for your work & concern & especially your work w/POTUS to MAGA
Burn baby burn!
Why the hell is Ivanka even involved? Isn't this the First lady's job? Total bullshit!
next talk about Trump releasing his taxes and how a Obama wire tapped him!!!!
What is your position again in the white house? Leave these duties to the first lady not first daughter
Why don't you fix the issues of you using sweatshops for your clothing line first!
since when is she in government? #nepotism #crooked
Did y'all discuss her company's exploited workers? Or private prisoners(slaves) making items for profits?
what the hell are you meeting with Ivanka for? She's in no position of authority.
said the woman who uses slave labor to make the garbage clothing and accessories.
FOH
Yet,your okay with an immigrants death? How can you in good conscience accept all this? $$$ corrupts your soul.
especially when elites and CEOs make 3000 an hour. Stop slavery? Stop that $ hit!
