If you don't start fixing the ACH & stop belly aching your name will be mudd. We'll vote you out & then you will b worthless to your donors
You could take Obamacare and improve on it - rather than allowing its continued undermining  - to make decent healthcare possible.
You lied to us.  Repeal fully.  No replace.
Ppl like you make me proud I will never vote for another republican!!!
This video says it all...#SenatorJohnMcCain is a Traitor! http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=88414 …
Everything less than universal care, will always fail. Its an embarrassment to Americans to be the only country without Univ Care.
So your motto is, why should I fix problems now when I can put them off for later?
Get back to wk & pass repeal/replace! U have done NOTHING for TN & deserve O'care if u think it is good enough for us. RESIGN!
Corker is a traitor. #corkcorker

You hipocrite. Pay for your insurance & stop taking it from taxpayers. This is why we have no respect for Congress. You've become the Swamp!
Corker wants a seat at the Trump and Pooty table #corkcorker
As a constituent, did you talk to ur voters or Dems  what interest to thefamilies,ignore Koockh 400$m money.q we vote at box come sit learn!
Corker is having a Town Hall for allllllllllllll his constituents. . Chicken. #corkcorker
What you should have been doing, Sen. Corker, is fixing the Affordable Care Act with Democrats instead of that repeal crap! A stingy loser!
John McCain is my hero tonight for standing on the right principle.
Recall @SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander, they don't vote for their constituents anymore.... #recallcorker #recalllamar #healthcaredebate
Hey Daniel, how goes it?
What have you been doing for the last 7 years? You vote to take the easy way out and ask us to trust that you'll get to it? NO THX
#resist
"freedom act" gotta be great-has the word freedom in it. why don't u fix ACA-call it "Trump's the greatest human being ever act" just fix it
Please send health care back to the states. It's gone well beyond intuitively obvious the Fed Gov't has proven they can't manage it.
I want you to know that it may not be much, but I swear I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure you're not elected again.
I agree. If they do not do a clean repeal, I will not vote for them. I'm tired of being lied to.
Full repeal would be an idiotic thing to do. You already have the #GOP health plan and it sucks. Expansion or single payer in the answer.
You must be a board member of AARP.
We're disappointed in YOU/Others; Stand up and Lead, Get the Senate stallers into motion to help our country move forward.. Stop kicking can
Now what? Hint: stop defunding Obamacare. Quit killing it and work to make it better. OR move toward MEDICARE FOR ALL.
You get a billboard, and another, and another, and another. One for your neighborhood, one by your office, by your church, your country club
As a Tennessean & someone in frequent contact with your office, I am so grateful to Senators Collins, Murkowski & McCain.
Don't know what you have to be grateful for. They should just let the failing Obama Care just collapse.
Thanks again for voting against our best interest
But #Trump who you support says you're a fool
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
Start over. Make a bipartisan bill done in the daylight. Sell it to the American people. Hold town halls in Tennessee.
Ask the people what they want, see the hard working people doing their part, and do something to respect what greatness we have got.
You voted Wednesday to leave office in 2018
Yay! 2 women and John McCain kept you from doling out big tax cuts to your wealthy benefactors! You would've killed ppl. You suck.
You were right on target with what you were trying to do.  Unfortunately, other Senators, including L. Alexander aren't as forward thinking.
GOP had 7 years to come up with a replacement plan: you couldn't or wouldn't do it. There's no reason to believe you would do it now
If you sincerely believed this bill  was the best way forward for all Americans, it is time to replace you #2018Election
Mr. Corker, Are you really not hearing your constituents. or don't care? read your tweet replies.Unanimously, we'll not forgive a betrayal
We need someone to stand up for us!!!  Where is Howard Baker???  STAND UP FOR WHAT U KNOW IS THE Right THING
You & GOP wasted >7yrs to secretly & hastily cobble a bill that hurt Americans. Deplorable is a good word. You lost my vote & respect.
Let's work to STOP CRIMINAL exploitation &MAKE SURE A VICTIM OF UNREMITTING SEX ABUSE, FORCED ABORTIONS GET THE DNA TESTS THE LAW PROVIDES.
The Republicans have had 7 years to plan an alternate path.  The party has failed us in so many ways! Change leadership!
Clearly you haven't listened to your constituents.
You lost. Good. We will remember how you voted and reward you for attempting to throw your constituents under the bus. Your gig is up.
Self-serving votes Senator. Re-consider Medicaid expansion in TN  and lower Medicare age gradually until #MedicareForAll
Your statement Ring's hollow Senator. Your true feelings were on display during multiple votes to take healthcare away frm your constituents
Pls #standwus and join a bipartisan effort to make constructive changes that make it better for ALL
Healthcare is something EVERY HUMAN deserves & requires. It will take ingenuity & cooperation to deliver it. The @GOP has shown neither.
While you "worked on a replacement" were people supposed to study first aid? Learn amateur oncology? Cure diabetes with apple cider vinegar?
TN could've taken Medicare expansion & helped thousands of poor constituents but instead you voted to strip insurance from even more people
A replacement @GOP already had years to cook up? One that doesn't exist because the ACA was actually a compromise policy to begin with?
You voted to take health insurance away from millions of people so you could spend a few years trying to dream up a bipartisan replacement?
you sold your soul for the party and lesft the citizens of Tennessee . SHAME ON YOU BOB
You need to go.
You are voting contrary to you constituent's needs simply to curry favor with a bad performing president. I look forward to midterms.
I disagree with you
A "reasonable transition period" assumes reasonable people. Remember the Sequester?
That was not a plan. That was a disaster. You guys need to learn to think about something other than getting rich & pandering to the richer.
John McCain, Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski had the courage you so desperately lack, Bob!  Just wait to 2018! #defeatCorker
You had 7 yrs to come up w http://something.now  learn from past, involve  bipartisan input to fix whats wrong and  help all citizens
For families in Tennessee? Have you frequented many of these places that you represent? This was NOT the best decision for "families in TN."
You exercised no leadership and no critical thinking--we are disappointed in you.
Try getting together with both sides and leave special interests out of it. Let the moderates do it.
Swallow your disappointment over not getting your way. Move on to fixing what's broken. Listen to your constituents. Compromise. Cooperate.
Do. Your. Job.

Citizens before party.

Stop the petulant partisan bickering and propose an actual solution, e.g., Swiss/Bismarck model.
Thank you for voting to get rid of this treatment-prohibitive system of medicine. Now, #LetItDie 
#TaxReform
#SecureTheBorder
I am disappointed you put party above TN. Please, regular order & don't allow POTUS to make a mockery of the Senate again - 60 votes!
You're wasting time on political game-playing while there's an actual problem to be solved. Please stop screwing around with people's lives.
Shame on your vote to take health care away from those in TN who rely on ACA. So excited to be able to vote against you in 2018!
Shame on you for voting to take health care away from your constituents! We won't forget this cruel vote and we will hold you accountable!
The problem senator, you and your colleagues are focusing on the name "Obama" rather that coming up with better alternative.
I saw your vote. I will be at the TN ballot box looking for a person of integrity 1st chance I get. & I won't be alone; We're not all fools.
Thank you for your vote to repeal and replace @SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander. Shame on the obstructionist  Democrats who have no plan!
Hey Bob, did you think we would watch you vote yes and walk away with no consequences? Party line vote is more important than lives, right?
Hey Bob, be sure to read your Facebook page too. Tennessee has UNLOADED on you for years of partisan pain that you have caused them.
You are disappointed that U couldn't throw 634,000of Ur Tennessean constituents off of healthcare while U enjoy freedom lifetime healthcare
Who are thinking about? Anyone in TN who doesnt need health care.  Repeal w/o a plan=just wrong!
When are you going to work for the people No your party Not for a win for Trump Not for the 1 precet Work for all Americas
Thank you for keeping your word... wish the @SenAlexander would have done the same
Very disappointed in your vote.
Do you have a plan for a better option for the American people Senator Corker
So what's wrong with Alexander???
Summary..senate failed the citizens again. TN HERE
Thank you for your hard work and advocacy
Going forward, do the right thing. 2018 is rapidly approaching.
Taking "us back to a level playing field" shouldn't mean stripping 16 million Americans of their health care. You are a GOP shill!
As an American that is watching all the chaos in WH.I ask you&your colleagues to work w/Dems &Independants Americans need it to return faith
You have a bad case of conscientious stupidity. But it's not to late to change. #dountoothers
Can't move forward with no damn plan! MAYBE you all can work with Dems to create healthcare that Washington royalty wants as well! #goodluck
The hell with ACA, you got my vote senator!
The way you walked around the senate floor in the dead of night like a snake was horrific. Shame on you. #SaveACA
You fail your state by voting for that awful plan with the hopes it wouldn't become law. This is some Alice in wonderland type garbage. 2018
I thank you for voting for repeal. I feel held hostage because I can't pay for mine & theirs healthcare. Thx for looking out for me.
Seniors, children, women, those with diabetes/other afflictions, 24 million + need you and @SenAlexander to #FixACA Work in a bipartisan way
Senator, you should be ashamed for not representing people and working on forward thinking leadership to support healthcare for everyone
The fact that you're disappointed shows how out of touch you and the rest of @GOP are from a majority of Tennesseans. #wewillremember
Thank you for doing your part to end the devastating O-care. Who else is benefitting of keeping it alive?
Shame on you. Do you get a certain amount of money for each Tennessean that dies from no health care? Seems like it.
Nice covering your butt. The Republican Party is a joke to me now. Time for changes. Trump is fine, Congress is the problem.
Thanks for your vote to repeal. Senate needs to wake up. Needs to get out of their DC bubble.
Thank you for your vote. O-care is not healthcare.
You can be disappointed. They cared more than you. It's about what's right. Not about pushing through a bill that would kill me.
Too much "I" here, Senator. It's not about you - it's about us, the people who continue to be disappointed in our decision to vote for you.
Now what? Knoxville and surrounding counties will have NO insurance next year and my non-Marketplace premium for hi deductible continues up.
Get all of the states to expand Medicaid and make the CSR payments. Problem solved.
You and the GOP had 7 YEARS to work on healthcare legislation. 7 YEARS. Now it's time for BIPARTISANSHIP, not the racist GOP obstruction.
Yet, you did nothing FOR the citizens of Tennessee. Repeal would have cost 637K HC and would have destroyed the HC industry - 1/6 of economy
I saw you on @cspan wall over and try to stop @SenJohnMcCain from saving millions. Shame on you Corker. Shame on you
You are playing with American lives for political points & vengeance. Quit it. Make a better ACA, with bipartisan support. Do it in public.
What the hell have you been doing for six years? I live in Tennessee, small business owner, premiums through the roof!!!!
Senator, please work with Democratic senators to FIX the problems with the ACA! Repeal would cause more harm than good!
PARTY BEFORE THE PEOPLE!!!!!! You have no compassion. That explains why you haven't had any town hall meetings....
As a Tennessean, I am embarrassed to even call you my senator. How could you vote yes on that worthless legislation????
Good....now you can figure out how to FIX the bill, rather than Repeal what YOU don't like. Time to grow up! All of you!!
Will you support actually SEEING the bill? Opioid crisis and Medicaid?
You are not working for the people are you? #timetogo
This Tennessean believes you are #shameful #savemycare
U failed to protect the life and liberty of Tennesseans
You ate shameful! #vichygop
I'm no Cruz fan, but he's right-we feel betrayed. Congress has their own plan, their own doctors that taxpayers pay. When it comes to us....
Hey @SenBobCorker Here's what #TrueAmericanHeroes #AmericanPatriots Look like @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain #LivesWereSaved
You are on the wrong side of this, as usual.
Your yes vote last night was disgraceful and in defiance of what Tennessee citizens wanted.  Time for you to be repealed and replaced!
Most don't believe @SenateGOP that ACA is failing. They just made themselves fools by not passing the bill they sent to Obama. Tired of this
I am also disappointed that the senate upheld ACA.what does it say about republican's ability to get something ever done in the senate?
Bob, please see yourself out of office so we can get someone who truly represents TN. #byebob
Try coming up with legislation that you don't have to hide in dark rooms to craft!  Corruption doesn't sell Senator.
The Senate did not fail. You failed 250k Tennesseans, some of whom would have died because of you. We will remember. You don't care about us
And what were people do do while you came up with a plan?  You had 7 years to do it and you had NOTHING!  I am your constituent - you suck.
I hope you lose your re-election. And I hope it’s in an incredible landslide. This bill was not about helping Tennesseans or Americans.
You do not care about the American people. I will work hard to defeat you
You lost the day you got behind this guy void of all values
7 years of complaining; no plan; no good legislation.  You failed.  God bless.
You and your clown car of R's had 7 yrs to develop a replacement. You all did not. Sad! Very very sad!
I'll support your repeal bill when you support single payer
#Cleanrepeal or you will lose in the next primary!
Tired of both sides work together.   This subject has yet to work together.   Hire finance team to develop a plan.
"Continue your work..."?? You never started!! Cross the aisle, Corker; get off your partisan duff n do what's right for the American people!
Fix it. Don't tear it apart. Better yet, provide Congressional level healthcare to your constituents.
Trump didn't fail...the GOP did. They are pathetic. A tax deal? Yeah, right.
Shame on you! You voted to repeal without a plan to replace...Shame on you!
Another reason to support @James_Mackler.
I was kind of hoping you would've stood up for the citizens of TN, which you represent
Another reason to support @James_Mackler.
I'll be voting for him in 2018. Thanks for the suggestion
We all heard your yes vote. 2018 will be here before you know it.
Senators Lisa Murkowski, Susan Collins, and John McCain were "men enough" to put country before party.
It's 8:45 here in DC & I am still pleased I voted to uninsure 42 million and raise premiums 20% yearly on the rest of y'all
Think about Single payer. Do the right thing for Americans.
Let's see if Bob can now work as a team player for all Americans and work diligently on a better solution for all moving forward.
You are shameless.
Work on a bill that will improve the situation, rather than voting for a bill you know is terrible. Listen to McCain. Start HELPING people
In you final months as a senator, reflect on the fact that your congressional career is ending because you stopped representing the people!
I am a constituent, You should be ashamed of prioritizing partisan politics and your career over human lives.
You voted in favor of something that would hurt millions of Americans. I'm thankful for the 51 senators who care about their constituents.
With all due respect you voted for a horrific bill because you feel safe about re-election in our red state.  This vote showed no courage.
You sir are a disgrace to the people you serve and by that I mean the Tennesseans that desperately need govt funded healthcare
That you would vote for a BAD bill will not be forgotten. This was a horrible piece of legislation with no guarantee it would get better.
You did NOT listen to your constituents, Senator. You were willing to throw folks off healthcare. Shame on you.
If u had any decency u 'd push for exp of Medicaid think of 1000's who have no healthcare in our st-but I'll hold my breath
Sorry you're "disappointed" u weren't able to rip healthcare from ppl. Shame on u for trying to ram thru this crap in secret.
Thank you @SenJohnMcCain, @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins for standing in the way of  @SenBobCorker last night.
The bill was a disaster written on a paper napkin over lunch and you voted for it. A pathetic display of cowardice by you & @SenAlexander
After 7 years, your party had no plan to do anything but eliminate healthcare for regular taxpayers in order to give tax breaks to the rich.
Trump’s little pawn
You're disappointed that you could take health care away from millions of Americans & make it cost more for millions of others? That's evil.
Your statement is an insult to your constituents' intelligence.
now it is time to support Tennesseans by shoring up the ACA. Look to KY & AK for a model.
Agree, thanks
You may not be pleased with the vote, but I assure you, a MAJORITY of your constituents are. Now, please get busy on REFORMING healthcare.
@robdelaney you were wrong about Corker, he's just as soulless as anyone else.
Thank you for your Repeal Vote. In Knox we have 1 carrier, unaffordable premiums in excess of half our income, huge deductible.
The Senate didn't "fail" this morning. It worked when a few actually listened to the people they rep, instead of telling them what to think.
Bob, I've voted for you multiple times. You ignored the majority of Americans & Tennesseans on health bill. I will NOT vote for you again.
This statement reads well for the insurance and pharmaceutical industry that you really represent. For us voters it tells us you need to go.
These cruel, half-ass, secretive bills after 7 years were shocking proof of your party's contempt for your constituents. Get out.
Our lack of support for delay should tell you after 7.5 years, we don't trust GOP to do anything to make it better.
Disappointed in you. Purely political. No way to explain or dress it up
Won't be voting for you again.
Work to help the millions, not the 1%. And make bipartisanship more than a word you use to sound reasonable.
Bwahahahaha
Why do you hate Tennesseans? This isn't about you or your "strong preference". This is about us whom you represent. Yes votes are not for us
Maybe you should try doing what you are paid to do: debate publicly, compromise, include women in negotiations and stop doing crap in secret
grow some balls and do the right thing for Tennessee! Forget party politics and work w dems for real healthcare!
Work with Democrats to fix the ACA. Why on earth will you not consider that?
