This Tennessean agrees with the other commenters. Would like to see Trump the racist gone and my legislators standing up against his bigotry
Republicans finally have the House, Senate & Presidency but resist the President & we the American people. You Closet Democraps need to go!
I saw you on FOXNews disrespecting our awesome President and as a former resident of Sevier County I'm disgusted with you!  CLOSET DEMOCRAP!
As an American I care about freedom & justice for all. You condemn Pres. Trump for doing just that! I pray that the Lord will contend with U
What this Tennessean cares most about is the revelation that President Trump is a Nazi sympathizer. Denounce him.
He isn't. Bozo.
You watch too much CNN. Long 8 years for you snowflake.
Are you going to denounce Trump's remarks from yesterday?
Corker accused a constituent of "working with Soros" today.
Seriously?! Where? That is entirely unacceptable. Is there video?
Yes.  In Knoxville.  Look up Gloria Johnson on Facebook.
Saw the video. Unbelievable. Thanks for letting me know.
How about talking to the ppl I guess mayor's knows what the ppl think
If you do not denounce him by name we only assume you support him and his kkk and nazi views.
He has no kkk or nazi views. Where do you get this nonsense?
Yet no statement one way or the other.
Tennesseeans would like to see a Tennesseean stand up to the current unhinged occupant of the White House. Be a righteous leader, sir.
He's doing everything I voted him in to do.
I'm from Franklin, GOP mem, I can't reach your office. Pls consider censuring @POTUS for fueling hate. I'm afraid for my kids & neighbors.
We need to censure your ignorance.
Last time I checked, I am a Tennessean, too. I care most that our president supports fascists and racists. Censure him!
No he doesn't. You're making Tennessee look ignorant.
Did they ask why you are not for eliminating hate on BOTH sides? Are you racist toward just one side? If so, which one?
You are an embarrassment to TN! #ImpeachBobCorker.
We care about you condemning the President's statements supporting white supremacists. Let us know when you're ready to take a stand, Bob.
Another Arypical moron who makes up shit as she goes. In now shape or form dod the president say or show support for any extremist group.
I didn't see you do anything to help the fire victims of Sevier County!  Republicans like you totally disgust me! I'm with President Trump.
You are an embarrassment
I'll vote for a democrate over 
You liberal in a red shirt
At least with him we know
What we have  u are a tratior
Primary corker
Your voters are disgusted that the GOP gets nothing done in DC. We voted for Trump's agenda not GOP establishment
The "George Soros" thing is an antisemitic slur; your party is big on that now.
You stand with #45, KKK, Neo-Nazis. Yesterday, your office said you had nothing else to say. America is burning and you do nothing.
Ignorant
Stand for country over party comdemn the President's remarks that "nazis, kkk & white supremacists are good people too"!
This Tennnessean cares most about seeing the Nazi supporter President gone.
Where do you people get this crap? Stop watching CNN. Trump is 100% patriot.
You're a joke. Declare yourself a Democrat.
Thank you for standing up for all Americans and speaking truth to power.
From Sevier County and won't be Voting for you http://anymore.You  have bad mouth @POTUS  and We are sick of the Business as usual.#MAGA
Hear this Leftists> you will destroy this country if you attempt to take down our President without just cause.
@realDonaldTrump 
Shame on you for running down our President! He was right in everything he said & unlike you, he had the guts to say it.

Bob "The Price Is Right" Corker hates that @realDonaldTrump can't be bought by @WellsFargo like he was 
CORKER IS AN EMBARRASSMENT TO REPUBLICANS ANOTHER POLLYANNA POMPUS SENATOR. FROM THE DOING NOTHING CONGRESS .. THE GOP SENATE SUCKS..
CORKER ANOTHER DO NOTHING SENATOR PARADING AROUND LIKE HE ACCOMPLISHED SOMETHING THATs THE 2018 CAMPAIGN  SLOGAN DO NOTHING CONGRESS DUMP EM
Corker RINOS: Denounce President Trump as racist so the Leftist Media wont call me a racist too. Pathetic cowards 
I care about Donald Trump
When you speak to the reporters libtard we all know
Great to see Bob Corker not afraid to speak up about Trump...was worried the GOP were just his puppets
Did they condone or condemn white supremacists and the KKK? Any other conversation at this time is unconscionable.
Hey Bob.....We always haved loved you here in Sevier County !  Col. RJ
..and healthcare
What is this, Corker? Soros isn't the reason your constituents question you. You serve AND ANSWER TO these people.

https://twitter.com/indivisible_tn/status/897950697538375681 …
Disavow Trump now.
Why?
Thank you for stopping by sir!
This Tennessean cares about her elected officials speaking out against white supremacy. When can I expect to hear your thoughts on that?
You are complicit in baby-man Trump's destruction of American values. It will come back to haunt you in 2018.
Come to Chattanooga
When and where is your next townhall?
Tennesseans care most about not having a Nazi sympathizer in the White House. SPEAK OUT.
If you had a town hall you would fully understand what real Tennesee folks are thinking. You are afraid to face your failing president.
Does it even weigh on your soul one little bit that with your silence, you are expressing support for the pro neo-Nazi @POTUS?
Your silence = tacit agreement. Condemn his comments & call for his resignation. It's 2017 & there's no room for hate in the US. ~TN voter
What people care about is for all of you to get back to WA,DC and do the work we pay you to do. You can go back early.
@SenBobCorker we were all reminded of your racist dog whistles against @HFord2 in 06 by #MorningJoe today,things haven't changed.
Please stop attacking any constituent who bothers to ask you a question you don't like by accusing them of "working for George Soros. "
Was everyone invited or just a selected few?
A statement from Corker? that's the easy part for him. He won't work against his and Trump's base in TN
this is SHAMEFUL - no response on Nazis and white supremacists?!?!? even the intern running your social media feed has to know shame
Do you still support trump? Please tell me no..Please say no
Glib. Silence.
Tennesseans care about you standing up to POTUS and Nazism. But you've long shown what Tennesseans care about is of no concern to you.
Why haven't you condemned the President's statements of August 15? Why?
Be real. 45 has to go and you need to share plan to get him out unless of course you support him. We ,in Tn need your answer today
Tennesseans care about their reps showing the world we abhor racism and a president who defends nazis!! Wake up and smell the coffee!!
Good luck cleaning up the rubble being left in the wake of @POTUS; kiss any agenda you had goodbye. #Charlottseville
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Is that all you have to say with what is going on in country's..get busy man!
Time to boycott Wal-Mart for denouncing our President!!!
hahahahaha.  The day a nazi Trump supporter boycotts Wal-Mart is the day @SenBobCorker denounces nazis & Trump by name.  It ain't happening.
Okay, but what about the President's press conference yesterday?
Are you alt right?  Is the Sevier County Chamber?  Denounce trump now
Still no statement denouncing Trump's shameful conference yet? You are attached to a sinking ship.
I called Corker's office this morning.  They said he was getting a lot of calls on this.  He still refuses to condemn nazis.  (615) 279-8125
Wow, lot's of neg cmnts. How about the Sevier county folks overcoming the tragic fires last year? Ya'll must be in west TN, closer to Cal.
Still ZERO response from Corker on Trump's pro nazi speech yesterday.
What this TN cares about most is that you issue a strong condemnation of the president's words yesterday and then BACK IT UP WITH ACTION.
This Tennessean & registered voter cares that you clearly denounce POTUS's defense of KKK and Nazis.
He didn't defend them. Did you not hear him speak?
Still waiting on you to attend our town halls. Still waiting on you to condemn white supremacists, the KKK & Neo-Nazis.  #eastTNresist
Would love to hear what they mostly care about .. bet it's not what's in the news Bob.
This Tennessean and registered voter cares that you are a Trump apologist. Denounce overt racism by @GOP President Now!!
This Tennessean cares that you stand up to 45 and his not so beneath the surface racism and bigotry. #speaktruthtopower # countrybeforeparty
Call out Trump by name, or get in bed with the racist
Did I miss your statement denouncing the Nazis that DJT calls "fine people". I do not support Nazis marching in the street. See how simple?
Come see us in Memphis. We have some things to talk about
Impeach this madman.
When is your next OPEN town hall? If you really want to hear what we think, have one soon.
We want representation!!!!  Where is the great Obama care replacement!!??
Where's your condemnation of 45's tirade yesterday?  Are you a racist too? Silence means approval. Approval means you are a racist.
2/ Show us you care for all Tennesseans.
Based upon your tweets I know you've enabled Trump. It's time though to choose between democracy and the alt right autocracy of Trump.
When are you going to publicly apologize Mr Trump, by name, for yesterday's comments #impeach
What did he say wrong? You for the antifa group?
How does it feel to be on a team of nazi white supremacist supporters Corky?
Did you convey your thoughts on how and why your party leader is defending white supremacists as "fine people"?
Good Wednesday, Sen.Bob Corker of TENNESSEE
As Richard Painter said Gorka Bannon and Miller must go by the end of the week or Trump should be impeached.
how r u still with the GOP
