This was good.  Note that now a month later,  you say the President is so untruthful. You guys are spineless. Politics,  at its best.
Please don't let #realDonaldTrump start a nuclear war
Right, instead we should just vote to fund NK like some idiot Sen. from Tennessee effectively did.  We aren't the ones shooting off rockets.
Question who got to you?  Who is blackmailing you?  I guess if you were honest, you wouldn't have had to worry about it.
Trump’s is a wreck less man-child and THAT is dangerous and irresponsible. @realDonaldTrump
And what action is that? Threats he made based on zero knowledge of Korea or its history or foreign affairs?
It's a growing threat because trump has threatened war dozens of times - on Twitter.
I don’t think you understand the situation here on the peninsula whatsoever
You talk out of both sides of your mouth. One minute you agree with Trump the next minute you don't. What a hypocrite.
See your buddies with Trump
Hypocrite BS C turned TRAITOR, dear fellow TN American's DO NOT WAIT RETIRE THROW THE BUM OUT ASAP, say WWIII to NK return in COMA/TORTURED?
#thecontrast is blinding. I wonder what straw broke the camel’s back. The guy hasn’t changed. He’s always been the same golfing asshole
Sept.21st. Not for today though. Pres.under mining Sec.of State is not seen Globally as a good thing. Gag the Pres. calmer world.
You just can't seem to make up your mind, so glad you are quitting rather than run a losing race b4 you even start it you phony! @POTUS
Dear Bob, I'm sure future history books will speak to Bush walking us into WWIII, Obama embracing Marxist-CPUSA principles, & Trump #MAGA
????
Are you regretting this “support” right about now? Get behind crazy, you get crazy.
Hum when it makes you look good you release a statement like this and a month later turn in to Brutus
I don't support or appreciate Senator Bob Corker's strong sucking-up to @realDonaldTrump today. My full disappointment: 
As of today , things are kind of comical between them. ;)
Shame on you Sen Croker you give Obama all and more. Croker you are d 21 trillion of deb you are OCare you are washinton GARBAGE
Things sure change quickly don't they?
U no he is child bt publicly supported him.He nos ur honorable & publicly trashes u.IT IS UR responsibility to publicly speak impeachment!!!
Do something Bob.

Show me where constitution guarantees health care, job,house,car,anything like that.  YOU LIE & HOPE MASSES BELIEVE & PASS ALONG YOUR LIES
Please follow lead of Senator McCain. A bill affecting all & 1/6 of economy shouldn't be rushed, single-party bill.
McCain's full statement 
You're right, people should continue to suffer from out of control premiums, copays & reduced & in some cases no choice while Senate fiddles
Maybe Congress should fix it & fund it. It seriously had lower premiums & better benefits than either of GOP plans per CBO.
I appreciate that you call it like it is, you don't blindly criticise. Trump doesn't deserve you, the Senate will be poorer without you
Swamp  lizard your are a part of it!  You hate America and want it to fail!  You have stolen plenty of money for your life!
Liar - you support POTUS on nothing & work behind his back as a slithering swamp creature
History has it's eyes on you.
I don't believe you will ever help this USA because you hate 1 man so badly that you can't make any good decisions for the american people
You are a fraud. One minute you praise him the next you trash him. I wish you'd leave now since you've tarnished your record.
45 is a nightmare.
What a kiss butt anarchist!  This will start a nuclear war by all INTELLIGENT reports, do you have stock in fallout shelters?
Do you not see that trump is antagonizing NK & raising hostilities to a new higher level?  Not a sound or safe approach in my opinion.
We are reaching the point where you will have to put a stop to this. #ImpeachTrump now. DT is not upholding the Constitution. Please.
Its too late NK knows Nukes are the only way to stop the USA from taking over,Like Iraq. Trump is a Russian puppet,Impeachment is coming!
what to get us blown off the map. Trump is a disaster and you all do nothing.
How about his tweet yesterday?
So hoping you get shellacked in '18, you soulless, conscienceless, rich, elitist Republican. You and your ilk make my skin crawl.
Please, a nutcase; you know it. You're more terrified of him than your constituents. You vote for murder of the poor & tax cuts to the rich.
Please stand with American hero @SenJohnMcCain against a hc bill that hurts us, your TN constituents.
Do you support his impulsive and incendiary tweet regarding NK and Iran this evening?
Take this opportunity to be on the right side of history. Lost your way? Look to a real hero, @SenJohnMcCain History will remember.
1:2Tennessee C- (70.9)Chance for Success: C (73.7)Early foundations: C+ (79.4)School years: C- (70.8)Adult outcomes: C- (71.9)
CORKER HAS SINGLE PAYER/MEDICARE INS. CVRS EVERYTHING,
PAST, PRESENT, & FUTURE HLTH ISSUES W/LITTLE OR NO COST TO HIM. WHAT DO U HAVE???
He SHOULD do something; he CONTRIBUTED to the volatile situation.
Vote NO on the GrahamCassidy bill!  No answer at the Mphs office and DC is busy, will call other locations because it's just that important!
On healthcare try to enlighten the Rand Paul types, by repeating to them what Voltaire said: Don't let perfect get in the way of good.
suggest you teach Mr. T to be respectful at the same time he makes his comments. Right now he is Mr. Antagonizer not Mr. T
Get behind Sen Collins/Nelsons' bipartisan effort to fix #ACA  ..  Rename the GD #ACA but don't let people die
3/ I understand GOP comes before the health of Americans.Sent you an email anyway.Terrible bill bad choice to back it. #FIXACA
2/ Wanted to ask you to vote against GCHJ because it is bad for TN residents and economy. I guess you don’t want my opinion.
1/Senator, I have called your DC office 32 times in the last 24 hours and received nothing but a busy signal. Are your phones off the hook?
You might appreciate his efforts but his entire administration and its actions are rooted in ego, lack of historic perspective and greed.
Too bad you don't give a shit about people in TN you sellout. Just how much did you get for your soul?
Have you lost your mind?  Trump is going to start a war with North Korea.   He is acting like a 3 year old.   Stop him NOW!
If your support gets millions of innocent people unnecessarily killed you better go into hiding with your other GOP buddies.
Senator you've turned into quite the sycophant the past few weeks after speaking truth about the president.
that horrible speech will haunt this country for decades.
With all due respect Sen Corker, you really support a leader who is has no regards for the people of the Country. Is this a Russia distract
Join the warmonger, ignore the healthcare crises even in your own state. @James_Mackler  for Senate
We would really appreciate your support against the current health bill proposal. Less likely to be killed by North Korean missile.
Please vote No to Graham Cassidy. The Republicans are putting party before the welfare of Americans.
Ignore the haters, they voted for Hillary and wouldn't vote for a Republican if their life depending on it. Pass the bill, Mr. Corker.
So happy you have a challenger - Joe Carr! Yipee! Read the Cassidy bill people, there are some great things in there!
Think you need to fund and put some trained Diplomats back into Service.  Dotard is an accurate description and you know it.


There are so many things you can support and appreciate but Trump's UN speech shouldn't be one of them.
I hear you're waiting to see how Luther Strange does before you announce. Guess what? It doesn't matter. Tennessee knows you're a Rino.
This is a first.  What are you going to do in retirement ???
About time you put aside your never Trump hate and support POTUS like most of us Tennesseans. Voters will remember.
The president you said was not competent?
Live and die in the fallout. This is a serious matter attend to it, Senator.
Responsibility and act before#45 dotard starts war with North Korea then I hope that every Republican that set by gets to watch his family
The worse part is the fallout. Get off your Republican high horse and remove the dotards from office. If the Republicans don't take
Senator it's time the Republicans admitted that#45 is a dotards and should have never been put in office. Nuclear war is not pretty.
Full of yourself Bobby? Nobody cares what you think. Go play flutes with Lamar or something. Primary is gonna be fun.
How about supporting Tennessee and what it's people want? We are tired of career politicians. Will you support term limits?
How about a statement on McGowin Park? It must be nice to receive all that taxpayer money in a sweetheart deal because you're a Senator.
Who cares we won't be able to afford the healthcare  so why worry about NK
Go @ClayTravis   #byebob
Wipe your chin, Bob.
Lol like his actions thus far which have worked swimmingly at deterring him?
Anyone who thinks that Kim will give up nukes is an idiot, its his only bargaining chip.
Maybe you can send your children and grandchildren off to war then. You can't have mine.
And as a bonus, today Trump didn't totally destroy NK, start WWIII and end the world.
Constituent here: Why do you hunger for war w/ NK & not the health of your constituents? Please oppose Trumpcare. Break from the party line.
We're waiting for you to figure out a way to give North Korea accurate missile guidance systems.
Please vote NO on the Graham Cassidy Bill. I am a constituent and a voter. Your office is currently not answering the phone. Thank you. 4EST
Vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill
In other #TN news @SenBobCorker got a new pair of #FlipFlops. FACT: The Commander-in-Chief continues to be unfit for duty. #RocketMan #NoKo
Thanks

Complete joke.
Well that's great Senator!  Glad you support your President.  Because we're keeping track of who doesn't.  Pass the word!
