how can you assure us that our personal wealth accumulation funds will not be impacted by repealing Dodd Frank
sounds like those bankers visiting you this week won you over!
The freedom to con the unwary is VERY important to .@SenBobCorker, he supports .@BetsyDeVos too #ConArtists
WHY ARE YOU LYING TO US????
Dang Bob. That's just unadulterated hogwash. Why do you feed us this shinola Senator? We wasn't born no yesterday.This sux 4TN
KGB Corker wants to destroy Dodd-Frank so wall street can steal again.
Definately, let's make the next market crash permanent. Please sir, more credit-default swaps and sub-prime mortgages. USA!
please come to East Tennessee and look around and then say that again, idiotic! !!
How would you know?
Without Dodd-Frank in place what sort of protections do we have against recession due to irresponsible financial institutions?
Great for American banks*. You must have already forgotten why this law was passed in the first place.
This man is out of touch.  He has caught the Washington disease. Lying to the Morons who do not have brains to reason.
he drank rhe the kool-aid
no it won't.  Who are you trying to fool?
How?  By bringing back the conditions that led to a recession?  I'm another constituent who thinks this is irresponsible.
Corker is part of the do-nothing Congress must go vote him out
I Disagree
and how much did you increase your positions in finance equities lately?  It's a horrible thing to do..unless you own C, BAC
why? It's good for your friends not middle America
Yeah, because we just really look forward to another financial crisis.
Stay on the SS Trumptanic Bob!
You should be ashamed and you will be voted out
yeah keep saying that. Same thing bush said. I'll be campaigning against you and Lamar, door to door next election!
underwriters barely have the tools to stop another Madoff.
... or it will crush middle America. It depends on how you do it. "Helping small business" = a talking point. Help consumers.
bullshit Corker. It won't do a damn thing for us. This is a gift for Wall Street peroid!
If you believe that you do not deserve the office you hold.  We will remember. #gopfail
you know it will not be good for the middle class, but you got yours, ammirite?
4 ur rich folks Remove consumer protections Back to lying, stealing & cheating consumers. How is that great for mid-Murica?
this is the disaster that President Obama had to fix when he first came into office. Remember.
vote no for Betsy devos! She is the worst candidate for education secretary
Sir don't be part of the problem. Listen to those who voted for you. Be the solution.
you are part of the problem. You keep voting for these snakes thinking they have Americas' interests at heart
Except for when it causes another financial crisis.
Liar. You just want to pad the pockets of your WallSt friends. You probably receive a handsome reward in the form of campaign$
This is a big mistake! You're my Senator and I'm letting you know that I don't agree with "relief" from Dodd-Frank.
Hopefully, the midterms will provide relief for your beleaguered constituents, Lyin' Bob.
dodd frank must not be repealed-
I do not believe this to be true.  Fiduciary responsibility should be required.  Only way to make it stick is by law.
Are you kidding me? Share your proof, please!
History will remember which Republicans stood up to Trump and which appeased him. You sure this is the legacy you want?
have you forgotten the horrors of the greed and misinformation perpetuated by some on Wall Street?  Tweak it but keep it
just because you all keep telling us it's good for us won't make it so.  But we have it in writing now you supported it.
delusional. Just like the market crash was great for American. Still thanking Wall Street for my 25,000 loss on my home.
you're wrong. Underwriters and analysts barely have tools to stop another Madoff
don't forget about all those poor investment bankers
you must be kidding? It is not good for us. I'm from TN and I will not forget this betrayal.
, please explain how this will benefit middle America and the average American. Thanks!
Do you mean your moonshine-drinking hillbillies on disability? #DoddFrankAct
@lavalley_steven  yeah I remember how well it worked last time. Not.
republican Party is bringing us back to the 80s so we can start all over again in four years
Yup!! Totally in it for themselves.
The republican party watch power so bad they don't care about the American people just the rich people
true dat!
No, Senator, it won't. You should have tweaked it, not repealed its just like the ACA.
You, sir, are a liar. You know it, we know it, the bankers who pay you to lie for them know it.
this is absurd. How can you stand yourself? W/o regs we'll have another eco crash. You think that's great for middle America?
That's a good one. There is no middle left you gobsplat.
. I will be sure to contact you when the bigly banks collapse the economy.
Yes, we will all be relieved of our savings, retirement, and homes.
this will not help your constituents. You represent us and we're telling you no! Enjoy your payday, I hope it's your last.
No it won't. It will be good for Wall Street. Get ready for next big bank bailout!!
Ha!! Good one, extremely wealthy Senator.
better for you and the banks.  Tennessee deserves honest representation, and it is not you.
but Bob, aren't these regulations to protect consumers?
and will you bail out middle America next time it comes crashing down?
Repeal.
Yep, I have already started to save so I can buy a house pennies on the dollar in 2018…
Sure, another market crash erasing billions of personal savings that shouldn't be touched by investment bankers, sounds great
NOPE. The rich will loot and we'll have boom. Then bust.  Middle class will PAY BIG TIME.
wrong side of this one, and education, and simply opposing an absurd president Sen Corker. Say goodbye to much support.
You & other 45* supportors will be responsible for the coming depression. We will remember!
why are you lying to the #middle class & #poor that #doddfrank is protecting.
i would have thought you would have had more concern for your constituents
I have not seen one constituent support you in this opinion. You are an Omni – shambles.
It was great last time. You know last time GOP was in charge & we had the Great Recession
I guess when we lose our homes and retirement again, we'll just all come and camp out on the good senator's front lawn.
I do not think that means what you think it means
can't get through on your phones either. Are you embarrassed to face us?
if you believe this, you are too stupid to be in Washington, and that's saying something.
drain the swamp of men like Corker!! Who's with me?
I'm with you but good luck
is it April Fool's Day?  No, it's Tennessee Fools Day the day you were elected. We will remedy that.
we will find a sober, sane Republican to challenge you in the primary.
I'm a dem and I'm with you. I don't care about party if it's someone that listens to us.
allowing banks to fuck people is not good for middle america
you gave GOT to be high. Dodd-Frank is what kept the middle class safe from Wal Street greed!! How can you look at yourself?
that's a lie. It was put in place to protect us from Wall Street.
dang it Bobbie  I'm voting joe Carr if he runs  against you
do you really think "we the people" do not understand what is going on or remember what happened before Dodd Frank???
because deregulating Wall Street has always been great for middle America. Right.
what did you do to slow it down or stop it?   Bob corker relief will be good for TN
yes, middle America loves getting bankrupted by predatory lending practices. Thanks!!
How??? Bc I remember that middle America had to bail out the banks when there were no consumer protections...
How?
On what planet? Do you know what "great" actually means or are you using it like how 45 uses it? To mask horrors.
No it won't and you know that. This will only help line the pockets of Wall Street bankers.
The Dodd-Frank bill needs to be BURNED!
Allowing Banks to extend their risk and letting Middle America foot the bill is NOT good for anyone.
really? take us back to the conditions that caused the crash????
hard to believe this is sincere?! How exactly does this protect middle America (to be clear, bottom 99.99%)?
What. A. Joke. #bought #establishment #swamp
As one of your constituents, I don't see how giving banks the freedom to extend their risk is great for middle America.
What do you mean? Bankers aren't all saints??? Don't you want a thief to watch your money?
