of history, but again, allies will not be available to serve his one man Ego. Like John kerry, This is Rex Tillerson's territory.
Are you saying the US is anti-educated people?
Wrong, Bob. Ask John Kelly, a true patriot, for his opinion of Trump's speech. Or look at the photos of the General and see for yourself.

.@realDonaldTrump's address to the #UNGA sent a very clear signal about what America stands for. My statement: 
No man is an island. The U.S. is not a fully self-sustaining country, and Americans will suffer greatly with isolationist ideology.
Appreciate your point ...but trust this..FREE WORLD WESTERN ALLIES LIKE CDA,AU,UK,EU ...ARE THERE WITH USA WHEN CHIPS ARE DOWN ..CHEERS
If the essence of this country's identity is the ability to stand up and make threats to murder millions of people, count me out.
Clearly according to @GOP it stands for Russian collusion and president madman.
Remember this?
U support wiping out millions of ppl w/nukes? The GOP should be labeled a terrorist organization for all the ppl you want to hurt/kill.
Are you serious? Most people find it humiliating to have a buffoon as president. Consider which side of history you want to be remembered.
we r sending u one repel & replace OBcare NOW vote Tuesday we vote 2018 & will b watching what u do!
And that is one more reason that your days in Congress are numbered.
for what can be gained short of war. Allies aren't there to support an out of control Ego. Same with Iran. Trump can bluster in the absence
# warmonger #crazy
Stop graham and Cassidy from stealing our healthcare Pure evil!
The only chance this country has is to repeal & replace officials like you. #trump #corker #Resist
Easy for you to say; you're not gonna be on the front lines when Kim lobs the big one over.
We need you to help work on HEALTHCARE.  Get it passed...  back our President!
But Senator, did you also express our need to retain our health care?? Please don’t repeal what we have. Instead, work to improve it!
What you have is pure CRAP, why would you want to keep it????
Vote for repeal of Obamacare and you won't need Koch's money, cause you will lose your seat in the Senate
Corker, don't tie your tail to Trump. You know that he is mentally impaired.  America stands for unity not did-unity.
I no longer have any hope or faith that you can represent me or Tennessee.
Sir, I think the UN response was one of bare tolerance. of as Iran called him a Rogue neophyte.
He is insane. He threatened to incinerate 25M North Koreans w/ a nuclear weapon. What is wrong with you?
Corker the kiss up to a 'nutjob' !
What a hot and cold and hot  corker! If I lived in Kentucky , I go wankers on Corker ..
obviously it was written by someone else
It is pretty sad Bob that you think the POTUS did a good job by acting like a 3rd grader and calling other world leaders idiotic names.
I find this a SHOCKING statement.  Are we about unprovoked civilian slaughter?  Are we about name-calling and destabilizing the world?
Boo.
Sir, Pres.Trump is out in the hall having a juvenile name calling session, while the Globe kids watch. He'll settle same as the rest for ..
He was scripted then.   now just how did that compliment to the Pres go?
You're really trying to back this dangerous fool on his foreign policy?
You are supporting crooked Donald and his shameless and ignorant speech. He sounded more like "Hitler" than a President of the USA.
Enough talking and opinion.  Our employee's...stuck with Obamacare.  How about DOING something to make their health situation better?
Kim Jong-un has the same policy and Trump and McMasters - Peace through deterrence - requires nuclear capability.
So what does Sovereign mean?   Does Trump decide to which nations the concept applies.
Disappointed in you once again.  Do not vote on healthcare until we hear impacts from GAO.
Well I'm particularly embarrassed then, for you and for me.
Really @SenBobCorker? Really? You think that was an appropriate speach for a US President to make to the UN?
Trump is embarrassing the USA! Making our world very unsafe.
You support calling the North Korean leader,"Rocket Man"?  Disrespectful!
OMG! You think threatening to wipe out millions of innocent people is what America stands for??? Fuck.
Senator if you stand by him, you will regret it a thousand times over...trust me
You welcomed that he basically recommended the genocide of an entire country??
Donald Trump doesn't stand for America. He is the personification of everything wrong with this country. NO THANK YOU
Are you also out of your mind?
I agree. It was such a refreshingly brilliant move for him to call North Koreas leader “rocket man” and threaten to completely destroy them
Pres. Trump should certainly take the compliment when being compared to Reagan. For ONE, I choose NATIONALISM over SOCIALISM.  God help us.
Free Fannie and Freddie. No more corruption
The Socialist-leaning left, with it's effeminate men, will be crying out for we "racist, fascist, redneck, etc etc" MEN to defend them soon.
Gross.
Will you feel the same way if/when North Korea launches missiles on South Korea or Japan? Well by god we told him
Oh look, our allies Japan and SK were speechless over the speech. Gen. Kelly looked thrilled too! How the &$#% did that speech help?
Sure, if you believe in unilateralism and threatening all that disagree with you with violence!! But that is NOT the America I represented!!
Then get your buddy Rand Paul to vote yes.
So I guess this means he unblocked your number!  Shameful!
Yes he did, and holy shit does this country stand for some idiotic, self-defeating bullshit!
So you are supporting threatening other countries and putting allies in harm's way?
You support the obliteration of #NorthKorea? That's helpful. Thanks good to know.
Cowards all
This Tennessean is sad to hear this. Trump has a juvenile level of maturity and judgement, and speaks like a dictator. Nothing to welcome!
It was shameful and makes us less safe.  We used to be a world leader, now a pariah.
I thought @realDonaldTrump said "I have big loud toys and I'm eager to play with them. It'll be a blast.
Well, you're a piece of work. America under your crazy boss stands for injustice, fascism, militarism, and hate. You fit right in
Majority of Americans do not STAND with POTUS
Because it was scripted. His adlibs were still an embarassment. Rocketman??? Real presidential there, don't you think Senator. Smh.
Even General Kelly had his face in his palm for the majority of it. I guess that means he approves though, right Senator.
About time you got over the hate!! Don't forget to thank him for bringing jobs back to Tn. I now have to work only 1 job.
Too late Bobby. You've already lost my vote
Why don't resign ur crooked like Alexander if u run again Tennessee people are furious neither of u will win both part of the swamp rats
This makes me want to vomit, Senator. Millions of people will die if he starts a war. Do you not care because they are yellow?
I disagree
Having the chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee from a deep deep red state probably not a good idea
Dear god stop kissing this guys ass be a man for gods sake
U must b kidding he was a buffoon
Call you really think the speech was the work of a competent man? Whether you are sincere it not, you're embarrassing Tennessee.
Unbelievable that you condoned this speech will remember on voting day where you stand.
Bob, you're not going to run again. Why in the world would you do this? You know he's a dangerous clown.
You welcome having a president who threatens war crimes??? Come on, Senator.
Trump's address was embarrassing for us as a nation.  Childish name-calling, threats of wiping countries off the map, talk about election?
Please tell me how any of his reckless rhetoric makes Americans safer.
Corker is a crook. Just got caught for a kickback supporting Strange of Alabama. Crooked Corker has got to go!
Trump is an embarrassment. If you stand with him, you are too.
And this is why the GOP will lose control starting in 2018. Signed, X Republican.
Bob, no more drinking and legislating, please. The clear message in that speech was, "The American president is insane."
Time for you to go rocketbob, you have become just a clueless hack. #byebob
Why don't you make a statement about how God damned corrupt Mueller is? And DEMAND immediate end to charade "investigation"???
Please retire.
So Side show Bob-has Trump changed your mind or are you just another yellow belly politician jumping on the wagon that suits your interests?
Btw, DON'T TAKE HEALTHCARE FROM YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
Trumpf advocated genocide.  NOT WHAT WE VOTED FOR!
It was a farce and you and Trump are a farce. You make all of us look small and petty. Trump is a clown and a fool and makes us weaker.
Is this the kind of diplomacy you support in FR committee--insults, threats, intimidation?
I agree a very clear signal--but much more about state of mind (or lack thereof)of @POTUS than what America stands for.
Yes. And some of us are appalled. We aren't the narcissistic bullying nation he portrayed. The world needs us to be better than that.
Give me a break Corker.... Trump has tried to show leadership in many ways! Backstabbing GOP were fighting it!
The GOP needs remedial education on what constitutes a crime.
Well, it was typical Trump. That's not a compliment.
Arrest of @RepGutierrez @RepRaulGrijalva & @RepEspaillat outside Trump Tower during peaceful #DreamAct demo also sent very clear signal. 1/2
As does your public praise for threat @realDonaldTrump made to "totally destroy" an entire people.Is genocide your plan to #endslavery ? 2/2
Of course you did.
you still have the same message to short Fannie and Freddie? It's all about you getting richer - screw the rule of law right?
Yesterday was an utter embarrassment. He had no idea what he was reading. A pure Stephen Miller speech.
That is MY clear message.  I can't wait to vote you out.
You are out of that office on your a$$ in the next election.   Count on it.   That idiot is putting us in danger and you are kissing his a$$
You must be kidding yourself and all the rest of us. We are not fools and do not need your opinion or view! The Pres is an idiot! Period!
I am one of your constituents and I urge you to vote NO on the #GrahamCassidyBill. Stand up and protect the people of Tennessee.
Yea, Iran Bob. To bad you set up the new Congressional rules  for Obama, for The Iran Deal. What a self serving traitorous act get. #Swamp
U  also recommended Shorting GSE shares in October, 2016; how's that working 4 U? #FANNIEGATE https://youtu.be/EB6YmATcg_4  @Tennessean @NPR @WSJ
2 sentences Senator in a lifetime of corruption does not make a president. We need action you know he is unfit for office.
Bob, you're clueless. You never served, you don't know. Ask John McCain if threatening to destroy another country is what America stands for
42 likes. You might be alone on this one.
Well, it showed what we stand for right now, apparently, and that is IDIOCY.
With a touch of mental illness.
Oh please, retire already. You're in over your head.
Senator, he did not mention American VALUES once. He talked about American ITERESTS. They are not the same thing.
tRump was the epitome of "bully on the block" syndrome & is certian to incite a violent response sure to put tRump in his place
When he starts the next war, I'm sure you'll be happy to volunteer your children & grandchildren to fight,
You guys scare me about the future of our country.
Given the global instability & crisis I found tRump's speech to extremely callous and rather haughty. "Taking mine 1st" isn't a peace seeker
Guess exterminating a country fo 25 million people is what you stand for, but it is NOT what America stands for.
Why is this on my TL? Leave me alone.
Trump won't forget your (correctly!) pointing out his lack of "stability" and "competence." Might as well keep your honor.
He thinks he's going to save face. He is wrong.
Meanwhile the GOP are busy trying to strip healthcare from 32 million people. Which will kill more Americans than an ISIS wet dream.
Gag.
Quit normalizing mad man #Trump who keeps poking NK mad man with a stickIs every #GOPSenate & #GOPHouse member #TrumpRussia complicit
When you go to prison for all your financial crimes, put me on ur visitors list so I can come and see what justice really looks like.
Yea, it sent a signal... it said we have a loon for a president who thinks calling other leaders names is a good thing. Pitiful.
I don't care what the swamp rats in congress voting out more dems 2018 the trumptrain 2020..all dems can go to Hades thank god for trump

Sounded contradictory to me!
Trump has a personal agenda; that much is clear. Trump supporters are deluded if they believe otherwise.
US won't honor Iran treaty bc later US decides it wasn't a great deal. Lesson to NK - US might renege later so no negotiation. Brilliant.
Agree wholeheartedly with your statement.
Aggression and isolation are NOT what America stands for. Can't be world leader when shut out the world and resort to juvenile name calling.
Where were you when Americans cringed? Clueless.
President trump needs to fire kelly,sessions,and muller all part of the swamp of rats of congress we the people are going to vote yall our
Are you kidding?  That speech was braggadocious nuttery.  You complained about his competence & stability, but are impressed by THAT???!?!?
Completely inconsistent
Thank you Senator Corker for your stance. Obama's apologetic speeches were an abomination & the US lost all respect. What a welcome change!
Fool
He is as unfit for President as ever. You know this. You fear losing his supporters. History will remember everyone who plays along with him
Yeah this waffling by Corker doesn't make any sense unless Trump has something on him or something.
I think he wants it both ways; to stay good with Trump and his base, while coming off as a "grownup" when Trump is at his worst. It's weak.
My son is in the @USNavy, people like this scare the shit out of me.
For fucks sake... we are so screwed
Haha! So corker must be worried about re-election. What a RINO!
No, @SenBobCorker. No. @realDonaldTrump's address yesterday was a disgusting, pig-headed show of dangerous bluster. Not admirable.
Let's me guess. You told President Trump America stands for greed off the pain & suffering of millions of little people you step on daily.
Of course you did.  You've lost all credibility.
Known as the rocket man signal. You've got to be kidding?
So, Bob, you're okay with Trump's threatening 5 different countries, particularly North Korea with fire and fury? It is time for you to go.
Yes, BMurph, that is exactly what he said. What state you live in?
Trumps in charge of my future!
You NEED to concentrate on voting NO on #GrahamCassidy and standing up for the people of TN who put you in office.  Do your job.
So you think it's okay to destroy 25 million people? How did war go in Iraq and Afghanistan?
ignoramus-in-chief's "direct approach" like bull in China shop; Senator, when first nuke drops, where will your family be?
How much? You know - what were you promised in exchange for selling out our democracy pledging allegiance to the sociopath?
you both turn my stomach... "Rocket Man" Evidently you think America stands for junior high bullying.
I see it differently. Trump's aggressive, ignorant, crude remarks are taking us to the brink of world war. No one wins this one.
Alison, just stop with your CNN talking points.
You won’t win your seat again.
I so disagree and so disappointed in that you made those statements.
Me too!
So World War 111 with North Korea and Iran  is so welcoming
So I guess u loved bath house Barry and mooch the tranny the reason we r going thur this is because of can't push can no more road left#MAGA
As a registered & active TN voter, I urge you to vote NO on newest repeal effort. It will literally cost people their lives!
You got to be kidding!!
Well said @SenBobCorker thank you from Texas for all you do!
lol. Ohhh, finally a Tennesseean that agrees with you. Oh. Wait. Texan. Maybe you can go down there and feed them a load of your bs.
He stood up there, name-called, and threatened the total destruction of a nation. This is what you are now willing to stand up &I defend?
The message I received from his teleprompter speach is that the president is a self centered fear monger without a grasp of reality.
Are you trying to say that America stands for "destroying N Korea"? Not the regime, but the country itself?
I see you took your Literal Pill this morning.....I hope you're just Joshing and don't really have to ask that question.
When a president says something like that, it had great implications. Kim can now use it in propaganda even if it wasn't meant literally
Who cares what Kim says, N. Koreans are slaves, they march to his orders. Guess you want them to have nuclear weapons...or give Kim more $
He uses propaganda up keep them in line, so feeding him footage he can use is incredibly foolish if you want to avoid a military solution
They are brainwashed from birth to death, the USA is the Devil
I'm a registered voter in TN. Please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. It strips away protections for those with pre-existing conditions.
