great! Now kill this insane health bill.  AMA says it violates the Hippocratic Oath! CBO says 22 MILLION will lose their inx! KILL THE BILL!
Would be nice if you'd also withhold arms sales until GCC stops bombing Yemen and causing 200,000 cases of cholera
Would be nice if u read more about the #Houthi
Yemen has been poor and dying for decades and Saudis never lifted a finger. Why now? Saudis are the cancer of middle east!
U will know who's the cancer if #Iran took over the Middle East! Remember who's calling you #greatSatan
Evil or not, Iran has yet to take any actions that directly impacts sunni muslims like these two did...
Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates Should Put Own Houses In Order Before Accusing Qatar
Qatar being punished for embracing American ideals"
#StopArmingSaudi
I will withhold consent on future arms sales to GCC until a path to resolve the dispute is established. My letter: http://bit.ly/2tMJBmH .
QATAR GUITAR BLUES - Jim Terr
How these Suadi amunetion has found with ISIS in Iraq.
Is Suadi really fight ISIS ?
https://vimeo.com/224112151 
Saudi support terrorists
https://vimeo.com/224111717 
Lol. So bold. The deal is done and they have what they need. But great theater, senator!
Nothing is done. Need to learn politics
Politics is theater in America. They will not remove the leverage the deal places on Iran until Iran comes to heel.
Corker is pandering to his base that hates salafis more than anything. I'd bet my next paycheck on it.
Just vote no period.
Please vote NO on the terrible health care bill that has been proposed. It's a cruel plan.
Put your arms sales in your scary as*
Don't destroy healthcare for seniors,children,vets & disabled. #votenoahca

Dear Senator..Egypt; Saudi,UAE & Bahrain all have had struggled for 21 years of Qatari's regime conspiracies on their NS
People in those countries hate their governments and Aljazeera is their voice. Take that voice away leads to frustration-->extremism.
Al Jazeera Instigated on US soldiers during Iraq War 2003 by publishing fake news on them. This was criticized by American officials!
Thank you! I, as a Qatari citizen, will never forget your stand! The US should denounce the blockade on its only progressive ally out there!
#Qatar Progressive ally?! Housing Hamas/Nusrat Front isn't progressive. Denouncing #Islamists is progressive #UAE currently only doing that.
Qatar "hosts" extremist groups only in the context of negotiations. It is a platform for dialogue and peace. Wars create more terrorists.
Finally, some sanity.  Thank you sir!
Very good decision.  Better think more to stop arms production to make a World war free and terror free. May God bless you.
I have so much respect to you, Sir. Thank you very much for your wisdom and your common sense.
guess we know who butters your bread
All respect for you senator Bob .. Let them stop killing peoples everywhere and stop support ISIS 
Please support President Trump and vote for the Republican health plan!
Vote NO on the healthcare bill!! Please
Haha ... Jared makes all the arms sales decisions now.
Cuba was going to be demolished because of missiles crisis,why? threatening national security.Saudi is defending for the same.
Compare Pls.
How about healthcare please vote no
Sir, could you explain the Overseas Electronics Development Company and why we are paying  taxes to this ? Thanks
Could you maybe think about this country and let us keep our ins.   I never thought as an American that I would have to beg for my right
To my welfare which happens to be in that big long paper you should read called the constitution. Just the thought of republicans causes me
To resist even more I don't support criminals and those who kill others those who allow Russia to run this country those who allow all the
Racism homophobia allows KKK to run my government to treat women like trash and then runs around screaming "I am a Christian" and lie about
Everything being taken from Americans to pad their wallet.   It's sad that you support Russia and Russian more than the USA.
Crocker Doctrine 'No devolve before resolve'. When America display exceptionalism & Values  
I tip my hat  to you Senator
You're one of the slimiest swamp creatures in the swamp. #DrainBobCorker
Thanks, but real people are happy to see no more weapons being sold to that region, reagardless of the reason.
Senator, big businesses create Wars through you people so they can sell their arms.In God we trust but dont believe there is a God. Sad !
I hope you a) choose priv sector or b) lose to ANYONE in 2018
Lets be honest Its all about Arms business...no value for human life.
Senator, I voted for you. Disgusted that you tweet this and not anything re: CBO score re 22 mil w/no cov.
Good first step. Please hold to it.
GCC will resolve the issue with Qatar if they stop supporting Iran and terrorist organizations such as Houthi and Hezbollah also ISIS
House of cards
whewwwwww We are so scared we will just roll with you Corker.
Thank you! 
Not sure I understand your love for Qatar since they are supporting terrorist??? This looks bad for any future votes for you..
You are effectively blocking terrorists from receiving U.S arms. A nice change.
Cork it Corker. Not going to happen.
House of Al-Saud is the problem, get rid of them ASAP.
2 weeks after voting for $510M in missiles to help the Saudi regime kill Yemenis, @SenBobCorker comes out against Gulf arms deals over Qatar
Thousands of killed Yemenis & a cholera epidemic didn't stop @SenBobCorker from selling arms—but Gulf "disunity" did
2 weeks after voting for $510M in missiles to help the Saudi regime kill Yemenis, @SenBobCorker comes out against Gulf arms deals over Qatar 
13 days ago, Corker didn't "understand why people would oppose the selling of precision-guided missiles" to Saudi A.
I know American doing good job please stand up for Yemen children suffering nothing been left America I know you're not going believe what
Saudi Arabia is a leader country and the Chinese alternative exists if you do so.
How about withholding consent on any bill designed to throw 20m+ off health care so that the people selling those arms get a tax cut?
The most prudent geopolitical remark, the more tense the Gulf states, the greater the threat to terrorism by the international community.
HOW DO YOU SUPPORT SAUDI ARABIA WHEN IT IS THE NUMBER 1 STATE SPONSOR OF ISIS AND STATE FUNDED TERRORISM IN THE WORLD?
@SenBobCorker Your support for Qatar and the illegitimate House of Thani is appalling. No excuses accepted.
Obviously your message is let Muslim Brotherhood, financed by Qatar, wreak a Havoc in your countries or I will vote against you.
Deep State!
Your consent on arms sales to KSA, has given Saudi a motive to commit more war crimes in #Yemen. Where was your path to resolve the dispute?
A big challenge to your credibility,16 day remains to avoid participating with KSA in the killing innocents #Yemenis
Dear Senator..I was witness in 2003 and thereafter for Qatari's media incitement reports on US soldiers during Iraq War ..CONSIDER THIS!
America shouldn't accept 2 faces from Qatari's regime
@hamadlahdan greats steps..ksa and uae both sanctions
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan are peaceful & discussed peaceful solution in Arabs nations,through diplomatic channels,..great..
Iran isnt th prob. Israel is https://leaksource.wordpress.com/2015/01/17/the-yinon-plan-greater-israel-syria-iraq-and-isis-the-connection/ … Traitor Congress' wars for Israel get us attakd
At least you think you're a hero now. #YouTried
Trump came to the region and with incitement to Qatar, although terrorism is known to come from its source, Qatar is fighting terrorism
Well, terrorism is well represented in your profile photo!

will you sever diplomatic relations with #Russia since they attacked the U.S. & benefited the #Republican party? Why not?
راح نشتري من اي دولة ثانية 
Where do you stand on Dumpcare?
Good for doing this! Trump must be blocked in everything for his collusion with Putin for World Domination!
We gave your office our exclusive report on #Saudi ISIS recruits in #US https://twitter.com/gulfinstitute/status/870286228977049600 … @SenMurphyOffice
IGA investigation: 100s of #Saudis left US Colleges to ISIS Camps & the #FBI cover-up https://www.gulfinstitute.org/investigation100s-left-american-college-campuses-to-join-isis-camps/ … @BretBaier @SenTomCotton
يا عليوي ما تتوب انت ههههه اجل وي قيف يووووو صاحي انت تحسب ابسعودية بقالة ولا دكان مريض وحاقد السعودية تتقدم وانت مقهور
You deserve all the terrorism in the world because of people like you Senator  so enjoy
Bombing civilians in Yemen is cool though?
withhold a "yes" vote on #TrumpCare #Wealthcare #KillTheBill
Yes! Thank you sanetor
I hope to see actions more than talk. This is a Nobel act... however i hope it pays off
Agree %
How about "until a path to not blowing up strategic relationships on a whim is established." He's going to bluff DPRK... we'll pay for that.
Thank you. Humanity for life. Please extend that with BRCA (as those with the BRCA gene have a preexisting condition). This bill is scary.
What are you doing concerning the healthcare?
Vote yes on AHCA so 23 million ne'er-do-wells can just go ahead & die &the wealthy can enjoy their tax cuts, or do the right thing. Vote no.
Vote NO on TrumpCare
Sorry, who are the GCC
Vote no on repeal of healthcare for Musicians and Songwriters, Mr. Senator (from a constituent).
A small step, but a good one.
Cool, cool. Now how about you withhold consent on the Better Care Reconciliation Act? Save Tennesseans by voting no!
Mr senator your courage no dought , All big world players Arm Manufactures are responsible for the mess we see around the world .
#byebob
You're spamming idiotic memes from that pipsqueak Willy L?
Vote NO on DeathCare.
Please spend more time answering your phone to listen to constituent concerns over the TrumpCare tax cut, Bob.
No one wants to hear you whine over how much you want to steal rich people's money.
Evidently, you support the Shiites over the Sunni.
Sen. Corker, I don't really understand what you're doing but "withhold consent on future arms sales to GCC" sounds great! (Non-constituent.)
Quit grandstanding. You allowed Obama to "arm" Iran with a pallet full of $400 MILLION cash. #CorkerCardinBill
What is your stand on the Death Act?
Vote no on horrific healthcare bill
Vote no on Trumpcare
How about you 'withhold consent' from that draconian healthcare bill your buddies are trying to force down our throats, instead?
Yes. That is the most pressing thing being voted on right now that your constituents care about. Vote no on Trumpcare.
But how are you gonna vote on better care reconciliation act???
Agree. Yes. #Tatiana cc: Pres. #Trump Sec. #Tillerson
