#BREAKING Tennessee man killed in Las Vegas shooting, according to wife's Facebook post http://tnne.ws/2yj5lfu 
So Bob, about those longer background checks, ammo limits, gun use classes, ban on semi-automatics, shorter license periods etc etc that YOU and @SenateGOP voted against. After Sandy Hook. DON'T freakin do it again. #GunControlNow
Gun control won't have an impact on criminals the will just find more creative ways of killing.
Don't tell that to my friends in Las Vegas. #GunContolNow
What's your excuse for Chicago?
The "passing"? That's what we say when an 80 yo dies of an MI. This guy was killed when @NRA, who support you, allows #GunsGoneWild policy.
Excellent point – thank you.
After your prayers how about giving the NRA back the $10,000. they have given you? That would be a way to honor these victims.#LasVegas
Hey, ur retiring--how bout proposing laws to stop assault rifles from getting in hands of domestic terrorists?  Be brave and take on #NRA!
DO SOMETHING about bump stocks and assault weapons if you are so sad.
He was murdered. He didn't pass. His life was violently ripped away from him. Guns killed him and you helped.
What is your plan to stop mass shootings?
You're the kind of republican that we need, sir. - a lifelong Tennessee democrat
Please make gun control part of your legacy.  No automatic weapons or silencers! Stand up to NRA
Go further, make semi-automatic also unlawful to own. File through pin and you have an automatic weapon. No bump stock needed. Check it out
Prayers are not enough. Ban semi automatic weapons. Expand background checks. Stop manufacture sales to citizens. Ammo limits
Ban semi automatic weapons please. No more mass killings.
Gun control would do more than prayers
How much longer will we have to deal with this madness? This isn't about 2A! Let's have sensible regulations. Better control of guns & NRA.
It's people not guns...
The NRA is the largest domestic terrorism group in the country. You either support domestic terrorism or better gun control. Choose a side!
Very well stated – thank you.
gun legislation please. no 1 needs assault rifles guns 4 hunting n personal use ok but no assault weapons are needed unless u r going to war
We are very sorry, may God protect all His relatives
#RenewJonesActWaiver
Ways of killing plus multiple people die from car accidents every year I gues that means that cars are terrorists #CarControl.
That is how you speak to/about a grieving widow. Your are a true gentleman Sen. Corker. Donnie Johnny should take lessons from you.
#SonnyMelton has died in #vain.

#BumpStock Legislation is dead, @BobCorker.
Congrats @realdonaldtrump #GOP.
Saw your interview on GMA this AM, you said leave to professionals, you pros haven’t gotten anything done in years

So what is going to be done about killings? Semi automatic can simply have a pin filed through to make it automatic. No bump stock needed.
Thoughts and prayers do NOTHING! Join ALL other civilized nations and CONTROL MASS MURDERING WEAPONS!!

Will be praying for Mrs Melton and family.
Wss there a way to save his life? How can you prevent similar things from happening? Did thoughts and prayers work after Sandy Hook?
do have anything other than $9900 of NRA thoughts and prayers you could send to the family? Maybe some reasonable gun laws?

My fax to @SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander #GunControlNow 
Couldn’t stop shedding tears as l saw Heather,recounting her ordeal. May the Good Lord keep her and rest of the family in His hands. Amen
You can prevent this from happening again. You can make policies that prevent this. Please do so.
Since you’re retiring, can you stop accepting money from the NRA and start making policy changes that will keep this from happening again?
I'm sure Melton's family appreciates your vote against the Assault Weapons ban in 2015.  Blood on your praying hands.
You weren’t elected to be a prayer warrior. You were elected to legislate. Since your money stream from @NRA is ending, now is time to start
If that’s how you feel I hope you will show it by voting against the SHARE act!!

I hear the House is poised 2 pass legislation legalizing use of gun silencers this week. What r u going 2 do about it.
Thoughts and prayers.

Hope his wife runs and takes your seat.
Do more than just think of them. Introduce legislation to prevent this from happening again in his name. Only then you'll have honored him.
Denounce domestic terrorism!
The man responsible for this human suffering committed a terrorist act in Las Vegas #Enough!  MERCY!

We need more than thoughts/prayers. 4 a start we need legislative action that bans assault weapons. The @SenateGOP is complicit #guncontrol
How much money have you received from the NRA?  You condolences are meaningless if you have accepted 1 cent! #LasVegasShooting #guncontrol
ACTION Senator, action.
And yet you voted against expanded background checks or to block gun sales to those on a federal watch list.
How about you stop taking money from the NRA? Then your words, including your prayers actually matter.
This should not be happening here. So, if you do care, tell the President that some of his rhetoric can be a catalyst for this type of mess!

Hey Bobby, how about Vegas?! Wanna rethink that vote now?!
@JSunNews Israeli news is reporting that Stephen Paddock converted to Islam almost 30 years ago. Is that True?
No. His brother said no.
I'll wait for the Senator. I got a feeling he'll know more than you would.
Cool. If he did I'm sure you'll condemn him more.
yeah, he killed a bunch of people.
Absolutely sad that ANYONE was shot & murdered last night. Will you actually do something about it with Congress? Something needs to change!
I'll be praying for the Melton family. So sad
You have nothing to lose. Do what you know is right. Reject the @NRA and stand up to protect Americans from the scourge of gun violence.
Let's honor his memory with some common sense gun control.
.@HouseGOP & .@HouseDemocrats:
Bring forth articles of impeachment against .@POTUS.
.@SenateGOP & .@SenateDems:
Remove POTUS 45.
#GunControl
Prayers for all!
Every politician that has ever sided with the NRA has this man's blood on their hands.
Your votes and party ultimately enabled his death. Y'all will vote for silencers to be deregulated this week. His blood is on your hands!!
Sen. Corker, you accepted $9,900 from the NRA over the years. Was it worth it? Now is your chance to make it right. #SendBackTheBloodMoney
Democrats receive money from the NRA as well plus they weren't responsible it was mental illness, plus the guns the shooter had were illegal
His blood is on your hands!
Don't silence the warning shot for others, give us a chance: Vote NO on the gun silencer legislation!
I'm fairly certain that warning shots are illegal
When will congress do something about assault weapons? Pathetic! How many more need to die? What's the number?
Will you please commit to enacting national common sense gun laws in your remaining time in office. Please.
You can prevent some of this happening again. You can.
How about honoring him with some gun regulations,  ok?
All of these thoughts and prayers mean nothing.
Stop being sad. 
Stop putting people in your thoughts and prayers.
Start doing something about it.
Vote to make strict gun laws.
#StoptheNRA

