Go back to drawing board. Bill offered to replace #ACA is atrocious. If @GOP cannot do better, do we need to keep @SenateGOP ?
@SenAlexander @RepJohnDuncanJr #Trumpcare is not a good plan. Women are hurt by it. #ACA pays for Viagra but not abortions.
a private, free market will never provide an acceptable safety net.
If not working, fix not repeal  #TrumpCARELESS will rob TN thousands of ins while wealth ins industry gets wealthier
I encourage you to wait for the CBO report before voting on this legislation.
it's disastrous to older people in their 40, 50, & 60's it raises the cap to 6 times what old people pay & the Fine is there
links below written by 2 cons & 2 libs. All 4 hate this bill. GOP claimed a 'perfect' plan exists. Is this it? #Trumpcare
I suggest you try and fix the little issues with ACA and not unfix our health care! Medicare for all! One day one day!
what exactly is not working? You have great insurance paid for by my tax dollars, and I don't. Mine got worse. I'm watching u
Did you know failing to enforce the emolument clause & treason in re: POTUS is grounds for impeaching a Senator? #Resist does.
@RandPaul  Listen to Dr. Paul's ideas. Don't settle for a quick fix. Make health care great again!
Can this be the moment Rep. & Dems work together for America?  Or will it veer right and off the road? #MakeCongressWorkAgain
healthcare is a tough problem but America is the only modem country floundering with policy while citizens go bankrupt.
you can't have cheap insurance, advance medical services, free unregulated market, and broad coverage. Level with Americans.
pick one:
A)Betray conservative ideas
B)Eliminate coverage for millions
Neither option will pass Congress. GOP is in a pickle.
Why didn't you just fix what was broken??! #Trumpcare is a scheme to funnel $ from poor & middle class to rich! VOTE NO!
This bill is terrible for the 99% as well as business. As a voter and constituent, please don't support it!
This AHCA takes away Medicare and insurance for low income families. It's a farce from beginning to end!! Bad!
Thank you for your service to our nation, praying for you daily! 
we need a tremendous safety net because disease strikes at random and modern treatment is extordinarily expensive.
First statement is wrong. Get off the GOP rant about the ACA not working. It has worked for millions but it needs some tweaks.
Changes n doctors offices is needed. They force a visit when unnecessary ie get a test result when it could b done by phone
Maybe not use the word "alternative" but otherwise..good start
http://chattanoogan.com/2017/3/10/343627/The-Affordable-Care-Act-Protects-With.aspx … Please keep these things in mind!
Trumpcare takes away Family Planning! Do not support this!!!
I disagree and think you are wrong. This will be a severe hardship on self employed Tennesseans.
What is clear is that YOU are not working. Not working for your constituents. You need to be replaced in 2018.
The unavoidable conclusion is that this cuts coverage, taxes the poor and sick and people will die 4 a tax break 2 the rich
GOP can't have their cake and eat it too. Eventually you'll have to fess up there is no simple solution.
@SenAlexander @RepJohnDuncanJr #Trumpcare doesn't want Women to be able to get birth control pills. Fix what we have its good.
age range subsidies is wrong and in the end disproportionate to older people who pay more
if you vote for this bill Tennesseans will loose their health insurance.  Vote for our citizens not party.
yes because the CBO scored it so well back in 2010. The CBO always nails the cost accurately. Show me 1time CBO has been right
keep up the good work on the American Healthcare Act....a subject requiring full attention of Congress perpetually.
this hurts TN folk far more than ACA. Think of the people for a change, not the party.
fix #ACA problems. It's time for Single Payer Plan @BernieSanders @SenAlexander
Do you actually read these press releases before they go out because this one really makes no sense whatsoever.
#taxcuts for the #wealthy, if you can't afford healthcare, don't worry you don't have to buy it! These are not solutions 
What's clear is that you are not being honest about the ACA. 20M people w health insurance. House bill takes that away. Shame!
@SenAlexander @RepJohnDuncanJrThe AHCA will hurt poor people, seniors and anyone with a prior condition.Rates too high to buy!
exactly what's the drive problem with the Affordable Care Act AKA Obamacare? I don't have a problem with it.
- RINO-Care is a betrayal.  It's not repeal.  Republicans lied to us.
If this Health Care Plan doesn't work .@SenBobCorker the unemployment line starts over there....
8 years of bitchin and this is the best your party can do?slamed something together and trying to shove it thru at any cost
Why would you think thatl this is acceptable?
Why is there an age tax? Why would those who older and on a fixed income have to pay more?
Why would people with low incomes have to pay higher payments for coverage?
Why are wealthy paying less with the new coverage?
Why does GOP Health Bill give an insurance co a larger tax break to increase CEO pay than it gives a family to buy coverage?
Bob, the TN teachers I am speaking with will literally vote for anyone other than you next year!  Well, except Trump!  #byebob
Once again you care more about your @GOP popularity than the people you represent. You need to be repealed & replaced.
@watchyourSen You would know that this doesn't "work" for us if you'd bothered to hold town halls.  Listen to Tennesseans
Investigate #TrumpWireTap #TrumpRussia #SessionsMustResign
Party and wealth over right to healthcare for our masses, over Russian attack on Democracy.  Who do you serve?
What has become of our once great nation?  Now focus of GOP is only to serve wealthy political campaign contributors.
we the people need to see the details of the plan, Senator, not just take your word for it before WE decide if it's better.
What have you done for Tennessee? Hmmm??
Single payer system. Of course, then the ins. execs that make over $500 k wouldn't get a nice fat bonus
The ACHA is not a viable replacement
how much do you get paid to say this?? #LiesPoliticiansTellToBeVoted
Always the safe, CYA, milquetoast approach from you, Senator.
http://kff.org/interactive/tax-credits-under-the-affordable-care-act-vs-replacement-proposal-interactive-map/?utm_campaign=KFF-2017-March-Tax-Credit-Maps&utm_content=50341693&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … #ProtectOurCare #Trumpcare
This plan is you and the GOP executing an American genocide against low income people.
After 6+years you call this a step in the right direction? No wonder nothing productive ever done.
You might want to actually read this legislation.  So far, it's your BFF @senalexander 's friends at Humana playing @potus
Thank you for calling for a review by the Congressional Budget Office.
This bill is not an improvement. Please vote against and work with democrats on a bipartisan bill that improves care.
If YOU support this abomination, YOU should be tarred and feathered. How could you take from the needy to help
out your RICH buddies. Totally shameful! Do you go to Church. Have you never been taught any HUMAN values?
if a poor family can't get the EXACT same coverage and treatment as a wealthy family...you will have failed us...#humans
you helped break it. Fix it.
Delete ACA! Get the Feds out of healthcare. It's unconstitutional anyway. For good reason too. Thank you
thanks for sounding a reasonable voice in this important process. I hope your colleagues listen.
as i said in my phone call to your office: this is cruel, pro-corporate/anti-human legislation. listen to your constituents.
I hope is a career ender for you.
GOPcare will not help those who need healthcare the most, will explode the budget, and will create healthcare deserts.
We are watching what you do with all the power we have given you.  Please be a good steward....
VAULT 7 sir
this is not a good program!Where are the numbers from the insurers guaranteeing that costs will be lower? Its bad for poor ppl
"works better" being key--this will not
That's a lot of sentences to say absolutely nothing.
wouldn't it be better, if you truly care about the healthcare of the majority of the nation, to take the time to build a plan
that truly is better, rather than rush to repeal the ACA like it's the repeal itself that matters most?
It is working, just not for corporate greed! Once again---when do we get to meet with you?
No sir Senator.   It's wrong.
My mother couldn't get insurance without the #ACA & now she might not be able to afford it with the AHCA. Do what's right!
This horrible bill contains gifts to the rich, e.g., please explain this provision to the middle class
party before people once again. wonderful work, Bob.
let people buy from across state lines. Don't force people to buy. Keep our people free
and dead from lack of coverage.
People in high-cost areas will have h/c subsidy cut in half, possibly more. Keep #Obamacare & make improvements.
90% insured rate now b/c of #Obamacare. Anything less will be a failure.
"Access" ≠ coverage. Keep #Obamacare & make improvements where needed.
.@SenBobCorker shame on you. My mother in law would not be able to walk without ACA. Tell her, millions more it's not working
#ACA HAS worked for millions. This bill removes funding mechanisms. The sick & poor will be hurt by it. 6-10m will lose h/c.
Go back to the drawing board. This one sucks too. Maybe think about average Tennesseans for once in your career.
if you continue to support @SpeakerRyan and his attempts to gut my healthcare you will lose my vote. Do what's right
as one of your constituents let me say this bill is no better than ACA. Cuts for the rich and drop the poor.
I see how you threw alternative facts in there to support your own ideas instead of the will of you constituents. Smooth.
Neither is this new hot mess.
This plan is unacceptable. Push 4 universal #MedicareForAll Take action to provide healthcare regardless of dollars in pocket
ACA issues are on Republicans who made it fail.
Perhaps you can provide quotes from your constituents re their displeasure with coverage and eagerness for repeal?
Don't rush this Senator. You need to get all the facts, the CBO and input from your constituents. Looks bad from my seat.
So, let's move towards a single payer system then, what do you say?
so you are OK with over 10million losing their healthcare the same as letting 100 thousands Tennessean do without
Current version of TrumpCare eliminates mandated coverage for 10 basic benefits: meds, mental health, mammograms, etc.
.@SenBobCorker There are parts of ACA that aren't great. But new plan only benefits rich and hurts poor. Must do better!
Are you going to get the CBO score before you vote?  Remember when people loose their healthcare insurance it'll show in votes
GET GOV'T OUT OF HEALTHCARE! We can care for ourselves! Gov't ran GEICO into the ground & sold it Look at it now!
Appreciate your waiting for CBO score but TrumpCare as written does nothing to reassure me about access and cost esp for women
Trumpcare benefits wealthy & ins co execs. Hurts poor. Low cost = high out of pocket & less coverage. Expand medicare instead.
show me a successful Gov't program that private enterprise doesn't do better
oh you mean Trumpcare
