Another weasel word statement. The HC bill in its current form is a POS. Stand up for Tennesseans!  Vote no on this travesty. Show you care.

And remember this- THIS is when government worked.
THIS is what will happen. 637,000 Tennesseans with no insurance. Think on that.... you will be a death panel.  Remember those words?
Why is the Senator from South Carolina, Mr. Lindsay Graham one of the only voices drawing line in the sand. And hero John McCain? Statesman?
They will both cave and vote for skinny repeal. Ryan will send it to Trump without conference to sign. All talk.
I'm simply scared
You failed Tennessee again.
Thank you for your "no" vote. I don't rely on ACA but know thousands that do. Make it right. Fix ACA instead of repealing. Fix insur. ind.
You had 7 years to make it better.  Now you want to do it by the seat of your pants? You are dealing with human lives.
So am I, but will GOP actually allow Dem proposals to proceed? Not likely.
You guys are scared but when will you stop letting Trump punk you? Do you think everyone won't remember  this when it's re-election time?
Women will lose the expert care of Planned Parenthood that no other clinics offer. I thought you liked women. Shame on your misogyny!
Do NOT vote for the 'Skinny' amendment. We know you & Trump are sabotaging ACA & that bill will KILL it. Sneaky & dirty, Corker! VOTE NO!
#mek  I am sure God will be pleased of those how loves people and help them just like you, God bless you
People in this country DON'T want it repealed. If you are going to, you should make it better for more than the 1% you seem to represent.
Wealthy  get millions & the rest of your constituents will have less coverage & pay thousands more 4 premiums is not better. U are fired.
Good luck with that ! All of you in DC keep screwing the people no matter what !! Very soon it is our turn to screw YOU !!!!
I hope solution on this. But a hurry up victory sounds no good. All it does is give @realdonaldtrump i did it speech sir.
Why don't you hash it out first and let the American people know what you are voting on? That's #TrueDemocracy. McConnell is full of sh*t
Fix the solution. Don't try to dissolve cause a Black man made the law!! How petty can you still be? You better learn how to live life
probably we will just hear hours and hours of babbling droning on and on and saying nothing...
Instead of trying to find get with everyone cause of something as stupid as color!!! It's time you older citizens grow up!
Terrible.  Just terrible.
I was IN the individual market pre-ACA. The ACA's changes brought me FAR better insurance that literally saved my life… and you want repeal?
#singlepayer would work better for the American people. For now, stop trying to repeal the ACA!
i can't believe you're my senator, and i can't wait to vote you out.
Amendments to WHAT?
the Current POS that is in front of you is. an abomination not a viable option vs #ACA #FIXTHEDAMNLAW
Thanks for voting for repeal. Premium were $249 after Ocare $1318 & $6000 deductible. Had Ins. not Healthcare.
Thank You 
This is not a democratic or republican issue. It's about the health of our citizens.  Please remember that.
Sir this is an elitist abomination&utter contemptuous act that will damn the lives of MILLIONS of Americans with the forethought of a gnat
You are a Russian $ loving monster. Putin is not your damn friend. Whatever blackmail they have on u, it will come out
Do not vote for the Skinny Appeal!
October 9th 2017, Not happening.
or make congress have the same health care as the people!  I bet shit would start to get done then! Decisions dont affect them
or better yet how about we all just get the same healthcare as congress! That would be awesome.
if the things are not done what was promised idc who's fault I WILL NOT RE ELECT ANY INCUMBENT REPUBLICAN!! LAST DAMN CHANCE!
Please vote no on repeal and replace.  It does look more efficient to amend and go forward with bipartisan efforts to perfect the ACA.
Oh but the content is "irrelevant"? Please stop voting for empty bills. Vote for bills as if the represent your soul, because they do.
That dog don't hunt @SenBobCorker.
We don't need Fed Govt Senate amendment BANDAIDS on #Obamacare

#WeThePeople need #FullRepeal

#NoReplacement of #ACA is within Power of Fed
@SenBobCorker - When will Bipartisan review begin? All the work on healthcare has been happening in the dark. We deserve better.
16 million of 22 million, allegedly “kicked off” health insurance are people who didn’t want to pay for health insurance in the first place.
Praying for you sir.
Repeal and replace
Fat chance!
I sure wish you would just work on an ACA fix. Stop trying to reinvent the wheel by harming the 1.5 million Tennesseeans on Medicaid
Stop pretending you care with another spineless statement. And stop tweeting pics of u with constituents when u don't have town halls.
Get on board or Get out. .We the ppl have had it. .We are not just blowing smoke. .YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT!. Start cooperating or Get Out!!!
You have no soul.
Repair not repeal Obamacare. Reinventing the wheel by 12 men behind closed door is NOT inclusive. #ListenToWhoHiredYou
Please vote no on ANY bill killing or damaging healthcare. And if there's no info, vote NO!
Get it done. The American people are tired of your inactivity on issues that matter.  Finish healthcare and get tax reform done next.
Both sides? Who's kidding who? Dems NAY everything. Repeal/Replace as promised. Get retiree's non-Marketplace premiums back down pre-Obama.
#FullRepeal & #FreeMarket is what you promised & the ONLY thing that will work N O SINGLE PAYER!  I want my #Liberty back!
#Venezuela failed
Disappointed in you, sir. We need responsible action on healthcare, not this rushed + reckless mess. This is negligence + poor governance.
Remind me to kiss you when I see you.
As one of your constituents, I will not vote for you again. You have betrayed my confidence...
You Should Have Voted YES Now WE REPUBLICANS will VOTE NO to YOU  n Replace YOU with A New REPUBLICAN BLOOD that will stand by TRUMP n US
You do not represent the great state of TN. Remember your vote come election time.
Well said. It will take Statesmen like you to make sure everyone has a voice.
I'm afraid I must disagree. If he meant those words he would have had town halls, voted 2 have open hearings, and let CBO. Actions not=words
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act-  is not a power play; it's people lives. Rhetoric will not fly in 2018
Meanwhile tax payers continue to suffer
and this should have already been done. A decent plan developed with meetings, hearings, and input. Not what you voted for dude!
Rino!
Thank you for voting against repeal of ACA last night. A true bipartisan plan or single payer are better options
Fix what's wrong with ACA-don't allow @potus & @SenateMajLdr to throw 23+million ( incl me) under the bus
Everyone yelling to keep ACA - HOW WILL IT BE PAID FOR??? You want something for free but NOTHING is free someone has to pay for it.
Full REPEAL only option! and refer to states! Praying you join other Republicans to #MAGA again! Please vote the desire of the voters!
You will never receive my vote again unless you help get rid of Obamacare soon.
I cannot understand why you would essentially vote to keep Obamacare in place by rejecting a flawed, but better alternative.
My family can't afford coverage in Tennessee. Over $1500 a month that's more than my mortgage!
TN didn't take expansion that covered middle class fams. Gov Haslam wanted to, but tn legislators didn't like the Obama in front of care.
It's very simple vote to repeal it or get your bags packed if not we will repeal and replace your seat! Take a stand for once!
Your done!
Time will come. We will replace you!
Dear Bob Corker pretty sure you will never win another election in TN. Have voted for you but never again you have my word.
Care to explain your next vote to repeal and replace?
Here's my statement. I'm voting you out!!!
No town halls, no meetings with constituents, no idea what we the people want. Shame on you, Senator.
Never did like you. You have no backbone. Pink slip is in the mail! C u @ the polls
Mr Corker, VOTE NO! Vote for Tennessee!
For you, 30 pieces of silver. I love paying for hypocrisy! God sees what you do and I assure you $$ will be your only reward, so enjoy it!
This is what determines how Corker votes
What kind of meaningful debate can there be when the bill in question threatens the lives of 200,000+ of your constituents? #resist
How are you going to make up for the hundreds of millions in lost revenue to the state of TN that you would cause by repealing Obamacare?
Here are the facts.  READ THIS NOW!  http://www.rwjf.org/content/dam/farm/reports/issue_briefs/2017/rwjf438332 …
We will send you home Bob Corker!
Thank you Senator Corker for taking the 1st step & thinking of your constitutes & not party .. We hope you can agree on bipartisan #ACA Fix
You have failed your constituents and what our country stands for.. #FreeMarket
Open debate? Do you, sir, know what's even IN this bill? Frankly, will this bill be in best interest of your constituents, or your donors?
You let us down, Corker.

Thank you for your vote not to advance the GOP proposal today. Sincerely, a constituent in West TN
Please work across the aisle to improve the ACA.  Work bipartisan with the Dems. and improve heathcare for all citizens.
Yeah and we will remember how you voted to take away healthcare & kill thousands of people. Hope u Repugs feel good
You're a worm and I can't wait for us to vote you out of your seat for your treason. This veteran will be front and center working for it.
Repeal this disaster and stop the expanding entitlement state.
You went against us. Time to vote you out.
Hey @SenBobCorker I live in your district!
Guess what? I'm going to vote your ass out!!

Remember: people won't die just because they lost their insurance. 

They will spend every penny they have for treatment. 

Then they'll die
Don't you #mean you'll have an #opportunity to write in #porkprojects and #taxcutsfortherich? Rather than #help your #constituents?
You couldn't stop Obama and you won't help Trump...what good are you

Remember two things before you wave the party flag over our corpses - seniors and pre-existing conditions. Save them, please!
A no vote today and continued until all Americans have coverage is appreciated. Stay strong and stay vigilant for those who need you now!
It looks like these are just votes for bills that were already proposed?  A true bipartisan effort would be wonderful!
Thank you Senator Bob Corker for standing up for ppl all across America.
I have written, called and tweeted Roe, Alexander and you.  Result: same form letter from all saying basically thanks for input; go away.
#retweet #share #call #norepeal #FixTheACA #SaveOurHealthcare #USSenate @SenBobCorker @SenAlexander
THANK YOU!
#RETWEET #share #call #norepeal #FixTheACA
Thank you for first NO vote. Keep it up.
Bob. Equine Exhaust. And you can pass that sentiment on to your pal, Lamar.
@SenBobCorker I hope you keep voting no because you realize repeal & replace would do harm to the Tennesseans you represent.
Thank you for voting no on repeal and replace!
How about you propose an amendment that would offer a public option so you jackasses can see that your constituents want single-payer?
Make sure it is before voting yes. The Democrat's are willing to work together.
I'll take your health insurance policy and also how you pay for it.
Prayers for the poor and favors for the rich. That's all the GOP ever offers.
You have opened up Pandora's Box. There is no bipartisanship in Congress; no desire to do the best for the majority.  This is a sad day.
You are a POS!  Tennesseans want the ACA to be fixed and you did not listen to us.
Delusional. You know that any amendments will be stripped in the house & leave us with a turd. Fix what we have! Listen or lose your seat!

The amendments won't help when the basis of the bill is so deeply flawed. Why won't you work with the democrats to fix the #ACA ?
Literal Trump campaign promises:  No one will lose coverage.  Insurance for everyone.  A lot less expensive.
Drop your free lifetime coverage and used the AHCA ... That will never happen. You are a political hack & sell out TN every day
How about an amendment to give congress the same healthcare as they shove up our a$$
Vote no for your state. Please put us before party. I'm not a party, I'm a Tennessean.
How about a town hall senator. Hear what your constituents have to say. You are not representing them your representing special interests
Thousands of people in Tennessee lose coverage and you don't care! You failed Tennessee today.
There is nothing inherently virtuous about bipartisanship. GOP has terrible ideas and democrats in power are spineless. #SinglePayerNow
Please stand up for the people who elected you.
Mr. Corker:This future bill affects dems and reps. Bipartisanship is required. PERIOD
Expect an email from a voter who for you 2 times&lamar
Everyone should get catastrophic coverage. Nothing more. The rest should be up to us and individual states. No mandates or subsidies.
Whatever you need to tell yourself to sleep better at night. #HeDoesn'tHaveMyVote
For those of u tht haven't heard.73% of the "millions n millions" losing healthcar r people who VOLUNTARILY decline coverage.thts not losing
Not true.
CLEAN REPEAL! say no to Soviet styled non-health care scams
People think they are entitled to gov funded healthcare.Only if u live n EU or Canada where its failing.
let's put your insurance on the floor first.
Thank you for listening to ALL of yur constituents.Not just the loudmouth ones disrupting everywhere.ACA is about creating more entitlements
Senator if U voted yes on MTP I'm proud of U. One thing I agree wth others on here is the current bill just tinkers with ACA.REPEAL ACA 100%
Vote No if you have any concern for the millions of American Citizens that this Bill will destroy.
He voted for it
Can't wait to vote against you #2018Midterms
And Mitch can toss it all out at the last minute so YOU vote yes to MitchNoCare.
We don't want repeal and replace. We want you to work across the isle and fix the ACA!!!
Repeal is what we want
I don't need any thing in return l just want to help
If you really cared you would have just FIXED THE ACA. But no, you are too absorbed by the fact that the black guy’s name is on it. Bigot!!!
Everything we have seen in infinitely worse. Please just save the ACA. Do what is right. Be brave, like @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski
Save it how?
Full repeal! Americans are enslaved & Insurance companies are getting filthy rich off of us! Free market!
You lie.
You had the chance to kill this bill. You almost did. #shame
You do not need to repeal it, only fix it. As a Tennesseean I am very disappointed in your failure to do what is best for Tennessee citizens
I just don't want my wife and my hard earned money to pay taxes so that a bunch of illegals and lazy people doing nothing to help our comm.
You said this at least a week ago--have to repeat because you can't defend the unidentified bill you voted to "open discussion" on. Cowards!
I hope when it's time to vote on  bill you stand up and do what's right for TN not just vote yes because ur a republican
How do sleep at night. You are a sad little man.
I will never get gas at the Pilot Gas ever again.
I like my ACA insurance and you are playing your part in killing millions- follow along You damn Trump puppet. You know better too.
Thank you for your vote today to #MAGA   Thank you.
RICO brothers, GOP. Racketeering and corruption, your organization.
It's how you GOP go about it. Threatening your constituents with death so that the richest can have tax breaks. Kind of like extortion.
You're a coward! Your puny job is NOT more important than 30m people!!
Fix the ACA, not Repeal
What are you going to offer?Are you going to look out for Tennesseans or donors? We deserve the same opportunity for affordable care as you.
I'll field this one. No
Probably right...oh, who am I kidding?  Of course you're right.  He couldn't care less about us.
Vote NO. Replace Obamacare and we will replace you!! Time for a Dem in TN anyway
As a Tennesseean I'm embarrassed to have you representing my state. Why can't you Republicans just move to Russia w/ your beloved Putin
Yeah ok 
I guess you've succumbed to the @POTUS demand for loyalty.
Yet another statement w no meaning. The Dems had ideas to repair ObamaCare but your committee of 12 white men closed the door. Pathetic.
FAIL!!!!  I KNOW WHO I AM VOTING AGAINST!!!! (YOU)
