Terrorist
Why have you not gone before the press and railled on Black Supremacist Hate Crimes? If it is good for the Lib/Dims, why not for the Repubs?
No more tears and prayers. Let's take the necessary action and get NRA out of politics and political Campaigns. Blood is on their hands....
Man we don't need more prayers. What we need is meaningful GUN CONTROL
Where are the details??? Uh we all know them already no thanks to your non-updates on here and the MSM hiding info.
huh?
This was a racially motivated terrorist attack. Why haven't you followed up on this? #MAGA
Shooter is in custody. Everyone injured is over 60.
How is that pertinent?
Because it’s a statement of fact. Facts are relevant.
The sky appears blue today. Music is pleasing to many. Facts, but not relevant.
I bet you’d care if the shooter is a black guy or a Muslim. Or if it was a white guy shooting up a black church.
the shooter is one of your refugee pals. nice work BOB
Work on passing healthcare!
NOT a single medical advocacy group approves of #GrahamCassidyBill. AARP, Cancer Society, Diabetes Assoc, docs, nurses, hospitals. VOTE NO!!
Stop praying and do something to stop gun violence!!! Screw your prayers!!! They do nothing !!!!!! Pass some stricter gun control laws!!!
HEROES in WDC many who can't walk, Standing UP for US, while strong successful athletes #takeaknee for justice! TY #PatrioticPeopleCARE!
#GunControlNow
Black supremacist kills whitey in a church and crickets
I never heard about this..... Antioch, TN right? Can someone catch me up???
#GunControlNow
Hmm...

Will Corker leave the Senate as a true American patriot or will he join the GOP and hide and try to stop the #MuellerInvestigation?
Force Trump to help Puerto Rico. He is a disgrace!
Unusually quiet today after the tragedy in Antioch, Puerto Rico and Graham Cassidy careless bill...where do you stand sir?
I'm also praying that you and @GOP show some courage in standing up to Trump...he is fomenting violence. We are scared every day.
I wonder if the white folks, sitting in church of all places, were frightened as they were being shot by a Sudanese " immigrant?"
Wow, I'm looking through your timeline for a particular quote and can't help but notice the number of times you've had to comment on a mass shooting.  What have you actually done to prevent them in the future? #gunsense
Find out which one of your friends arranged the shooting!..
Sir, I'm watching today, from Canada. Hourly changes to a H/C bill appears ridiculous and desperate.
Bob Corker wanted these people.He signs resolutions against Lee supporters and writes articles to bring in Sudanese.
Since when did you start caring about the people of Tennessee ??  If you really cared you wouldn't be such a Rhino on healthcare.
Senator, Graham-Cassidy vote is days from now. Bill is grossly inadequate. Do you plan to vote for it?
Please lead effort to rid our great nation of d.t.
Much prayers and love sent to the victims and there families
Why are the news media more concerned with the NFL and @POTUS,than #Antioch ? #AllLivesMatter
While we pray for them, what are you doing about the humanitarian crisis in PR with 100s of thousands of Puerto Rican Americans affected?
I wonder if you will think of this dreamer from time to time as you do your RINO dance in Washington?
MSM announces its take on church shooter:

This is not the Dreamer you're looking for.  Move along... move along... 
What have you done to stop these foreigners from coming into our country?
An armed citizen stopped this creature from killing more and the Cake eaters call for gun control 
No Bob we are tired of praying,we need action the problem is clear you will be voted out ASAP 
The shooter is from Christian majority country SOUTH SUDAN, but sure let’s deport the nationals of the neighboring Muslim country Sudan!!!!!
Are u serious ?!! What is their crime ?!
Our debate ends here. All the best raising your children with that racists mentality
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/912144101096792064 …
Sudanese Muslim
Mentally ill people should not have access to firearms.
Screw off!!! Your time will come (elections)..
You should be monitoring the garbage you're importing. @SpeakerRyan @JeffFlake @SenJohnWarner @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump #NoAmnesty
Think we could learn from the rest of the world to curb the gun violence in this country? Sensible firearms control?
Like the mess in Europe now 
How about denouncing racism and promoting inclusion
Yes we want you too create a utopian Society for us!
#Prayers4AntiochTN
Praying
PRAYING
Prayer?, i.e. I ain't doin' a thing about this, I need my @NRA money. #gunsense #vetsagainsttrump #votevets #steveknight25 #MAGA #CAgop
Senator, support Democracy and stop Donald and his device comment. This was cause by his words because words matter.
Bot
We need gun control!!
How about standing for tougher gun laws to make tragedies like this more difficult, instead?
Yeah a gun law that says no criminal can have guns! Surely criminals would comply. Not!
Praying for victims doesn't do them any good now. How about serious discussion on gun ownership in this country? NRA isn't praying!
It's a sad state of affairs this world is in. Rather not have to defend yourself! Certainly not in church.
Prayers for all involved.
Yup ! Let me guess white male so called Christian with. Gun n hate ! Thanks Trump
You're a US Senator. You can do a lot more than pray. Will you act to protect them from violence, to preserve their access to healthcare?
Prays won’t fix this.
Praying doesn't do shit.

I’ll pray for the victims of your ideology. If this church is white Baptist it’s just God’s plan and who are we to stop that.
Also any services that will be rendered need to be paid upfront
You need to pray about your support for Graham's healthcare bill.  If you have an ounce of compassion you can't support it
Prayers
How are those prayers working at stopping gun violence?   like they are falling on deaf/no . Maybe time for action, not ,  not working!
@joeygarrison Weren't they likely praying when they were shot? Seems like a waste of time.
Prayer: It's the least you can do.... literally.
Like you care Corker, if you did you'd vote against Graham-Cassidy and protect TN residents
Maybe try and get guns out of hands of ppl that shouldn’t have them and then you can pray
NO. NO MORE PRAYERS. TIME FOR ACTION, Senator!
The only thing he will act in regards to is being a cuckold for non white immigration
Praying for the family and the one lost his life in the shooting.
Agreed. U prayed for the members of the Islamic center that was bombed in the upper Midwest like the president? Oh. Forgot. He didn't.
How many Somalis or Sudanese are currently residing in your domicile? A rough estimate is all I'm looking for so I can get a count, hurt up!
Sorry * hurry up!
Sure corky ..
Keep voting with the NRA.  This stuff never needs to happen.

Yes senator,

I 
Will
Take
A
Knee
You must stop the divisive, dangerous and completely inept behavior of our #POTUS He is a #DividerInChief. @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC
Praying. This is just senseless. Disgusting
