Every time I watch this video, I get angry. So much corruption in DC, WH, Trump, his family, Senate, House BUT Corker ranting about leaks.
Swamp thing
You are disloyal to your country & state hopefully you will be put out of office soon
republicans seem to think hiding information is normal, publish your lies for all to see
You and @realDonaldTrump are clueless on healthcare. Hang with @Potus long enough and you will sink with him. #CORRUPTGOP
300million stolen from FannieMae FreddyMac to propup Obamacare almost 2 years ago? Nobody will file taxes 2018 as OUR AMERICAN PROTEST #Rino
Who is disloyal to our people? Trump. And you who protect him.
"Our people"?  What entitled  victim group do you belong to, Muslim, Spanish speaking hermaphrodites?
Um. Tennesseans.
Born and raised Tennessean or transplant?
You claim to speak for Tennesseans. But I'd say you answered the question. Go back to land of incarcerated Democrat Politicians.
I agree! This is ridiculous and a crime. We have special counsels & special hearings about everything except Clinton/Obama crimes & leaks!

Starting with Bob Corker.
History will not vindicate you, Senator. Think of the nation.
History has not vindicated a Democratic President since maybe JFK and definitely since Truman.  Think of the country, piss on #DNC
So, what are you doing to assist our (R)President ? Nothing but  service.Quit taking "CHEAP-SHOTS" at Trump.START Repeal & Replace,AGAIN!!!
I'm sure you have leaked plenty.
Start with Bannon
A Clue Who One Of The Government Leakers Are?  http://www.McMasterLeaks.com   But Try Telling That To @TheJusticeDept @FBI @CIA nobody listens now
I bet you are one of them
Republicans are disloyal to our nation. They should be impeached. I hope that's what's going to happen.
Disloyalty? Benghazi = Democrats.
You're going to need to catch up, buttercup.
Please expand on that.
No need for me to expand but here's what you can do:  Watch and read the real news (AP, Reuters, PBS to start). Best wishes to you.
If you think those 3 "news" orgs are unbiased you're as baked as most liberals. Go have another toke. Hillary and Obama hung Americans out.
define disloyal.....  waiting.....
Does this mean you will fire self Bob. Crooks should fall on that list. #fanniegate.
"Hope" is not a course of action.
And i hope ppl like you that says our President lacks leadership gets fired..Like you..You are not working with Our PRESIDENT..Y
They should be prosecuted?
they leak because congress won't do anything about Trump
wow really, if they leak be cautions about it? really? wow. We need technology to take over congress and several thousands of agencies.
Wrong.  They are patriots working to reveal the truth about a corrupt, incompetent, and dangerous @POTUS
Practice what you preach !
The TN senator who dissed President Trump (you) is hurting our country! Stop your never-Trump BS and do your job!
Well this is... disappointing. Party over country, I guess.
Of course, Bob Corker betrays his oath to protect, serve and represent his constituents! Part of the problem, BIGLY!
Big league? Lol. I support @POTUS
Carolyn, for your undying devotion and loyalty to the president, here's hoping that he picks you to be the fourth Mrs. Trump!
Boy, aren't you WAY OFF. Cool off. Life is good. I bummer was not my prez. Good grief! Lol
And you should be fired with them.
Disloyal to government? Is the US a government with a people then? How about disloyalty to the nation as well?
At least that way you can reelected and keep making a bunch of money to be a glorified PR man for the GOP.
Yeah...sure Bob...unless it's the Russian's helping the #GOP win the Presidency.  Then it's a nothing burger.  No credibility Bob!
And what exactly did the Russians do to put Trump in the WH?


@SenBobCorker ... Most leakers are from the WH staff! Kellyanne, Jared, Bannon, trump! 
Don't lump whistleblowers who care about USA in this
You are disloyal to our country by attacking our President.
What do you mean: "YOU HOPE"

Bob Corker (2018) has let Trump Supporters down
#Corker -->He switched sides:

#DeepState
#NeverTrumper
#RINO
So I suppose that means #PresidentBannon right @SenBobCorker?
Not sure your help is being sought senator.U R probably 1 of the leakers. U do not have the courage of your convictions. Run when threatened
So Bob, you're upset someone leaked evidence of Trumps blatant lying?
Evidence? That would be nice for once and not this BS being flung about hoping it sticks!   I think you abuse children. Prove I'm wrong!
Leakers of top secret information is one thing, whistle blowers outing the truth of our lying President is another.
Is that what it is? Whistleblowing? What crime was leaked by those transcripts?
Classified information. Interferes w natl security. No country will trust phone calls 2 US any more. Leaders need 2 b found.
Who would trust a phone call with president that constantly lies. We need truth...
and yet, you wanted Hillary.
Yes, definitely...
What is it you like about her?
Well she would actually read intelligence and not carelessly tweet policy for starters...
Here is your Russian collusion
Then you support #FireBannon !!!
maybe people leak info because there is illegal activity being hidden.  we can not trust trump, no proof we could, ever.
Senators who base their votes on party instead of what is best for their constituents are disloyal to their state and should be fired.
I disagree. If the administration is corrupt, then the people have the right to know. That makes the leakers patriots.
So by your reasoning the Russians that leaked Hillary's emails are Patriots? #libtard #hypocrite #doublestandard
Not at all. Their hacking of Hillary's e-mails was motivated to give a false impression, to influence the vote. Manipulative, not patriotic.
No sir, people who lie to the American people are disloyal to the government aka the American people. They should be fired.
It's really hard to get liars out of office.  Just look at Bill Clinton.
Last time I checked Clinton was impeached for lying.
And what about comrades and chief who are willing to sell out to Russia for personal gain, what should happen to them Mr. Senator?
What exactly did the Russians do to put Trump in the WH?
Maybe the president shouldn't make a habit of lying and manipulating his way out of everything he touches. Do unto others....!
Members of the GOP complicit in treason should be jailed and I hope that's going to happen.
Me too!  I bet there won't be much space remaining after all the #Demorats  are prosecuted though.
People who leak the truth care about our country. People who know the truth & cover it up for political or personal gain are the problem.
Let me guess!  So you are a Russian-American who took issue with Hillary deleting 35,000 emails, right? #libtard
I didn't support Hillary's presidential campaign & I'm not going to defend her email scandal. But our POTUS has murky ties also.
you see machines can be hacked, they do not leak top secrets, we get some nerds to keep machines running they don't need to know the law
The people who are leaking information are LOYAL to your COUNTRY! They earn respect and I that's what is going to happen! #ImpeachTrumpNow
They don't have any respect 4 POTUS because u loser GOP won't get ur heads out & stand behind him. U all SUCK & we will REMEMBER @ elections
It starts at the top
We have a great President Donald Trump,  work with him to make America great again, Respect our President Donald Trump.
Corker you should not be disrespectful and disloyal to our President Donald Trump don't be a Monday be a Monday Quarter back,
AFTER YOUR MSNBC TALK TODAY 8-17-17, THE REPORTER IMMEDIACY SAID YOU THOUGHT THE PRESIDENT WAS NOT FIT FOR OFFICE! WHY DO U TALK TO MSNBC!
SO SHOULD SENATORS THAT DISH THE PRES! U GOT 3 MIN OF FAME ON A CHANNEL THAT HATES REPUBL'NS AND THEY IMMEDIATELY TURNED YOUR WORDS AROUND!
YOU ARE A REPUBLICAN YOU SHOULD BE LOYAL TO YOUR PRESIDENT, THE DEPLORABLES WILL REMEMBER YOU ON ELECTION DAY.
Trump is the one who should be fired! HE is dividing the country & causing increased racism because he is a RACIST. Immoral & unethical!
Look who's talking about being disloyal. Good one Senator Bob.
I think people who pile on when the President is being attacked unfairly should be fired. You have lost my respect and my support.
Civil servants are loyal to the Constitution & the citizens of this country. Whistle-blowing is part of that. Loyalty to individuals is not.
They should go to jail don't forget.
Is it "disloyal" to protect a corrupt and chaotic government? As a famous leaker once said; "You're missing the overall."
Most arent leakers much as they are whistleblowers We have allowed a #UnstableNarcicist #UnstableNarcicist  in the WH thank you for speaking
You mean like "Hope and change"?
You are a RINO clown who thinks he can con #MAGA
We are on to the inept/lying @GOP
You just need to sit down and shut up...We don't need a senator that will NOT support our President!!!
I hope so as well....Also corker you stated today that OUR GREAT PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP isn't capable to lead...And you are???
You are a feeble sen....You are running scared incapable of doing your own job!
Since we know it is Pres Bannon and Trumpster - can we count on you to fire them?
You misspelled felony. Fired? Really? What happened to conviction, to the fullest extent of the law?
Bannon & Gorka are the leakers.
Donald Trump is a traitor and a liar &  needs to be fired.  His family is shady & has too many Russian ties. IMPEACH Trump 25th Amendment.
The ppl w/in the WH who are white supremacists are a disgrace to our country. They should be fired and I hope that's what's  going to happen
how about looking at the trump admin for that
Please do not let our bigot in Chief get away with his mediocre and late condemnation of hate violence in Virginia.
TRUMP can always depend on Bob Corker to help sandbag the Russian investigation
Also can't believe this is still your pinned tweet.
How about start with a Commander-in-Chief who trusts Russians over US Intelligence Agency! #FBI #CIA Unthinkable! @realDonaldTrump #USA
"Disloyal?" It's the leaks letting us know how corrupt @realDonaldTrump is. You should be ashamed to be backing him. I won't vote for you.
. @SenBobCorker So, this is your pinned Tweet? This is about which you feel most strongly? How about saying WHITE SUPREMACY IS ABHORRENT.
You should be fired for doing NOTHING. You follow Trump like a puppy in love with his master. 
#FireBannon #ImpeachTrumpNow #FireGorka
Leaks are not of classified info or info that will put someone's life in jeopardy. What is being leaked is the #TRUTH & should respect that.
Wow! Bob Corker is a Nazi KKK lover! He should put that in his bio! Can't wait till the leaks involve his corruption.
YOU should be tried for TREASON!!!
People like you who support the hate & racism of the Trump Pence regime that must be fired - removed from office for working against America
Sen Corker, many people in Washington should be fired. Many people are doing things much worse than "leaking". We are smarter than you think
Racists in Virginia, this is what happens when Fox lies to people for years and Republicans turn a blind eye. You made your bed, lie in it!
Isn't leaking national secrets #Treason?

Our government shouldn't be keeping things from the people that it works for.  They should be fired, and I hope that is going to happen.
First thing you have said worth hearing in ages.  Stop the lip service and take action and support POTUS.  Actions speak louder than words.
You're in Congress, do something!
Great! Fire trump!
You should be fired too.
Fired? Should be locked up!
.@SenBobCorker @RICKHARWOOD1776 introduce legislation
Wrong! We elect officials to represent our interests. Why can't we know what is going on? #checksandbalances #whatareyouhiding
I hope we vote you out
@SenBobCorker  Wants kids with cancer to suffer #cannabiscurescancer 
What about the caniving thieves. What should we do with them sir?
Kissing Trumps ass to buy time? Your MBA/Wells plan is a failure. Absolutely disastrous--lock up lending worse than '08 crises X 1000...why?
Including this:
I'm sure they are trying to protect us from foreign and DOMESTIC threats.
Are you talking about Trump's tweets?  Which are disloyal to every single SANE American??
what about trump today? Leaks spy info! Fire hime b/4 it's too late!
Exactly! Like that guy who leaked highly classified info to the Russian Ambassador. What was his name?
You mean our idiot potus??? I hope your resume is up to date.
The only disloyalty is you to your duty and your country. History will not judge you kindly....
Oh my Gosh ! It's not just Trump leaking classified info, now it's Fox and Friends ! 
Amazing! #transformationtuesday #realestate #sumnercounty #hendersonville #gallatin
PLEASE.. make this happen.. we do not understand why nobody is accountable in Washington...
You are supporting someone that makes up phone calls and you will go down with that ship.
Bob, you should retire. Term limits a must!
Yes, and there must be accountability for the person who leaked intel to the Russians from the Oval Office.
Thank you, Bob Corker.
U should be fired for letting down Tennessee
Are you taking a stand against the leaker that gave classified info 2 Russians in our Oval Office or just the ones revealing Crotch Grabber?
U said on CNBC to short Fannie & Freddie.  I'm hearing you traded on insider info from Paulson in 2008. Now your on Wells Fargo payroll?
Senator,we live in Knox County & will campaign against you because you do not support our President & his agenda. He won TN by 30 pts.
Your Iran position shows you are disloyal. I hope Tennesseans fire you. They should.
Senators who take donations in return for EB5 support are disloyal as are those that whore for #PayDay lenders & SIFI banks. That's you Bob

Delighted to announce the launch of The Trump Estates Park Residences, a collection luxury villas with exclusive access to @TrumpGolfDubai! 
They should be prosecuted #jail
Fired and prosecuted!
So corruption is right & good now in the Land of #PerpetualSlavery & Home of #CorruptCoward #Gazillionaires bullying  #WeThePeople &rest of
I was hoping you were becoming a statesman. A voice that be one of the few catalysts for healing and reasonable dialogue. STEP UP SIR!
That's exactly what @Scaramucci said!
You're wrong, Senator Corker.
You are going to end up on the wrong side of history if you keep backing #45. He is going down eventually and will be a disgrace always.
.....yeah, & Corker can drive the bus outa town. Establishment lap dog. 
Rather they are dealing with the most destructive administration in our history, holding them accountable

Does this include trump? He leeks to the Russians, the press, and to israiles. Mane if he was smart enough to know a real leek it would help
Bet you loved it when Wikileaks was dropping info about the DNC and Obama. For the record, I support all leaks, regardless of who is in WH
Fired? How about imprisoned.
What's sad is that eventually Trump will turn on u too. U put party before country. Where's your honor? We already know he has none.
These aren't leaks of classified info. U just don't want dirty laundry revealed. U betray citizens everyday covering for Trump's stupidity
Thx for standing up for the President and encouraging him to fire the leakers
The government serves the American people. Our public servants should be loyal to us NOT "the government"!
Except, of course, when it helps the cause of the GOP, or when Trump does it, or when a GOP senator/congressman/political operative does it.
Or when a Russian hacker does it.
What you are doing to your constituents is borderline treason!
We as United States citizens demand the truth. 45 is a proven liar.
If you've got any dirt on Bob Corker, send it to @maddow
People who betrayed our country with Russia  are disloyal to the American people and should go to jail, hold racists views should be fired
Classified information is one thing.  Dishonest politicians is another.  We, as your constituents, require transparency.
Ur not supposed to b loyal to your government.  U Should be loyal to your country
Politicians who are unfaithful to their constituents should be able to fired as well.
They should be shot for treason.
The politicians that r public ally encouraging it need to called out by their peers for encouraging illegal activity,shows true character
Jail is more appropriate, but firing first I suppose.
Oh. You mean the White House?
As long as no classified information that harms our country is being leaked I have to disagree,  they're PATRIOTS. Try it sometime!
You suck at your job, and at being a decent human being. That's the difference between a respected admin. and one that is the most corrupt
in the history of the US. Keeping Americans anchored to this daily sh*t show won't be sustainable.
Fired my A$$. Go to JAIL. U GOP just slapped Killary,Lynch,Comey, Holder, Obummer,Learner,Rice,Swartz's. Oh don't do that again. PUT N JAIL
I wish the people had the power to fire y'all in congress we got rid one tyrant ,the king and replaced it with 100 tyrants
They are not just hurting POTUS, they hurting our country, they should be MORE than fired, this is criminal
They're patriots, disloyal to this corrupt administration. Be a patriot, @SenBobCorker.
You know who else is disloyal... to our whole country and Constitution and the subject of at least 2 Grand Jury investigations, Bob?
It's time to get patriots to serve and get rid of the swamp creatures
They used to hand a person for treason 
Just another disappointing Senator who puts party over democracy and protecting it. Trump is the problem!
Hitler Trump is the only one who leaked classified info to the Russians. The other leaks have not been classified. Lets hope they continue .
We should thank the leakers for keeping us informed on what a fool we have as president. He leaked classified secrets to Russia. Sad
Agree, Senator. Illegal leaking is wrong. Leakers must be routed out. #GodBlessAmerica
I want the truth...and so should you
The people who are taking info & money from RU are disloyal to our government. They should be FIRED & I hope that's what is going to happen.
We wish you were more concerned with saving our democracy & our country from that madman who is squatting in our WH.
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ …
Your president is not loyal to the country. You Just want to line your pockets.
Except when the monarch they're exposing is more disloyal to the government. He should be fired.
I hope they are fired, and then jailed
Or, they are patriots.
They need to go to jail.

History will call the patriots.
no they are loyal working to make sure that this country not brought down by an incompetent president Deep throat proved needed leakers
Is it really a surprise? @potus is the source of all leaks to hide the real Truth!
Everyone complaining about leakers that didn't come out against Trump leaking info to Russians needs to be deported!
Unless the leaker is Trump and he's delusional, then it's OK. Treason !!!!
You mean disloyal to Trump. Trump does not = government. Happy to see where your allegiance lies. When Russia gate ends, so will you.
Wrong! They are loyal to We The People who are ultimately the Govt. If our SERVANTS have nothing to hide, you have 0 to worry about.
