can you provide examples of this destabilizing behavior?
you are a warhawk trying to fill your friends pockets.  A reckoning is coming.
#MulsimBan is unconstitutional, violates Geneva Convention, racist and islamophobic. No more obfuscation. #sanctions
Flynn is a kook.
Starting another war much?
Iran still killing Syrians so not a new day. and people have heard these lies before. @SenBobCorker
Iran,
Iran, 
Iran,
Iran,…
,What exactly do you see when you look in the mirror?#lookbeyondthefacade
Your standards for "professionalism" seem surprisingly low, Sir.
None of the 9/11 hijackers were from Iran. None of the banned countries produced 9/11 terrorists. Iran https://youtu.be/_2LEgowbzSc 
so?
I can bet you dollars to donuts bob's cork won't be on the frontline, neither will be any of Trump's kids
I'm sure you are correct, I'll ask again, what's you're point?
Hacking is illegal. Trump lifted a sanction against a group in Russia that did the hacking
again, what is your point???????
Why are Russian criminals having sanctions lifted against them? Iran sanctions are just a fucking ruse by the cons
did you bother to read the " lifted sanctions"? It's not what you think!
I concur
I hope to see Iran dismantled into smaller countries
Don't bother yourself! It is about 25 centuries that enemies try to dismantel Iran. Unsuccessful.
things will change under Trump. It is the beginning of the end of Iran as know it as a country.
Be thoughtful and remmember Saddam. It is good to learn from history.
.@SenBobCorker when will you stop tolerating Donald Trump's destabilizing behavior?
How is looking out for Americas best interest destabilizing?  LIBERALISM equals destabilizing
it's not in america's best interest to have an unpredictable leader. government and foreign relations need stability.
.Give President Trump an opportunity to see if he can be successful..then you'll have facts to discuss& agree or not
Be clear... You have no idea how to define success in an Iran/USA context because we had success. TRUMP's plan is all risk.
We'll agree to disagree if you think Obama had control of Iran w his unsuccessful contract w Iran. Obama's plan proven risk.
ignorance of your reply is frightening. Only options from the GOP were do nothing, go to war or sanctions to get a BETTER deal
we have a deal! The GOP isn't interested in a deal of any sort. So the only option is war...and our allies said they won't fight
Now that your not laying in obamas lap & rolling over on your oath, Mr Trump is moving to protect the country.  Resign
That's great.Can we stop the domestic destabilizing behavior of pretending DeVos is qualified for a cabinet position? #NoDeVos
Ok. Now take on Russia, or is that more like taking on a dear friend
what about Russia? Why are you lifting sanctions on them when they interfered w/ our election. When will you investigate??
If we're doling out sanctions bc we con't "tolerate destabilizing behavior" then it's time to sanction Trump for #MuslimBan
meanwhile Russia annexed a sovereign land, supplied weapons to rebels who shot down a commercial plane & HAVE Nukes... #racism
But you'll tolerate indisputable Russian destabilizing actions.That's treason Bob.This is irrational.R u a bought Commie too?
Thats it! The Ayatollahs don`t get any language but a powerful one. Regime Change& #FreeIran or #Humanrights improvement #Iran
http://carolineglick.com/ 
looking forward to the apocalypse. Thanks. #trumpacalypse #thanks #RESISTANCE
Good thing we're all behaving like adults - Oh wait.
as #SFRC chairman, pls keep @POTUS behavior in-check; already he's destabilizing world relations & threatens national security
It's a shame you allowed the Obama admin to push through that disastrous deal. Let's see if you do better this time...
senator you should meet with secular opposition leader @PahlaviReza #iran
you are the reason the whole  Deal went through in first place. You gutted treaty powers and the senates power #fool
Yemen was a major military disaster and the White House is in chaos. Don't you dare place us in another military calamity.
I think the real problem here isn't Iran but Trump's destabilizing behaviour. And his nutty behaviour as well.
Go get them!
and what about the RUSSIAN sanctions? And investigations into our elections?
@JohnJHarwood & creating groundwork to go to war thanks Repubs can see you again are in power so can expect more people to die
and we hold the current lawmakers responsible for any outcomes ! #potterybarnrules
I'm with @SenBobCorker
@JohnJHarwood when will the @GOP  take a stand, be adults and protected us from @realDonaldTrump dangerous rhetoric & EO
STOP IGNORING US ON DEVOS
and what about Saudi Arabia free pass on 911? That doesn't count right!!
@JohnJHarwood I'll look forward to a sternly worded letter regarding Russian incursion into the Ukraine.
@JohnJHarwood You don't seem to mind the destabilizing behavior going on a mile or so up Pennsylvania Avenue.
US about to start of a war for oil! You're either blind or in on it. Both are horrifying.  How did that work in Iraq?
@JohnJHarwood The Empire Strikes Back, Senator?
Focus, Senator.  Strange how many direct ties dt has to Putin, isn't it?  Much bigger threat to the world. Investigate.
Hey, SenCorker, you tool, today's sanctions make clear that a drunk madman (Bannon) has decided to start a war.
Yeah, like those sanctions Obama put on Russia led to war.  You snowflakes are ridiculous.
Is Iran violating UN resolution or Iran Deal by testing ballistic missiles?
Pretty sure the last 2 weeks have proven that USA is doing pretty good in the Destabilizing Behavior department.  #resist
Getting rid of the islamists in the Obama regime will definitely put USA in a much better position to defend our nation .
What a hypocrisy! There's nothing "illicit" in Iranian missile tests. Why don't you resort to UNSC discussing the issue?
@JohnJHarwood And what's your plan when they test another missle, which they will?
@JohnJHarwood makes clear US is going back to war mongering
Typical media hype. Senator Corker speaks of reality.
@JohnJHarwood what will you do to stop Trump's destabilizing influence?
senator... I see it as the preamble to the GOPs next war.
I love your style. My request, keep up the good work
yes, I love you style, keep it up
@JohnJHarwood u all just cant wait for war
excellent work
@JohnJHarwood You're busy. I'll correct your statement."We will no longer tolerate @realDonaldTrump's destabilizing behavior."
So, what about Russia?
#DontDoStupidShit
It's a "new day" in US/Russian relations, or aren't you concerned about that corrupting, anti-democratic influence on the executive branch?
pls stop Bob.
Hasn't Iran/U.S. become MORE Destabilized since tRump became our ""Führer""?
Anyone loving violence [God’s] soul certainly hates. Psalms 11:5
sanctions are "violence" now?
is it regular to have to pat an administration on the back for their 'professionalism'? They're fucking adults
oh ffs!  It is the US of late offering up all shitloads of global instability...hmm, but as I recall that is DJT/Bannon's plan
@luvofUSA   Just doing what he promised to do! How refreshing!
Now what about Russia's destabilizing behavior?
Please counsel the president not to send us hastily into war.
Blah. Blah. Blah Bullshit. Blah Blah Blah partisan politics.
what about the easing of Russian sanctions??
That was fake news. It never happened. It was a technical fix to prevent unintended consequences, which was planned under Obama.
wht nvr happnd? wht was technically fixed? wht were unintended consq? do u have authority 2 answer ?'s put 2 @SenBobCorker?
Aww I've triggered you. Sorry snowflake, but your feelings aren't facts & Obama set this in motion & you can't blame Trump.
