Unlike France and Germany, President Obama purposely chose not to have the Paris agreement ratified by the Senate.
because the Senate leader Mitch McConnell hated O so nothing got past him.  Go to our mountains in Tn and see them dying.
Bob is being investigated 4 3rd year 4 insider trading.
WHAT!  He walks around as if he is Lilly clean.  As if no dirt has ever been on him!  Jeeze
Check the articles I just posted about Corker; at least three years in a row investigated .
I see them  like all GOP they just hate and make money while claiming foul
I just posted an article from 2011 about Lamar Alexander abt history of bipartisanship
No one should be surprised that one man deciding the fate of our country with the Paris climate agreement can easily be undone by one man.
If the Paris agreement were so important to the future of the world, why was President Obama so unwilling to have it ratified as a treaty?
Since it will be four years before the U.S. is officially out, @POTUS could work toward an agreement that could be ratified by the Senate.
No, it is more important to really educate the public that man can not, by any measure change the climate of God's created planet.
By "educate" do you mean use electric shock conversion therapy until everybody renounces science?
No it means,we commission real scientists to study the issue then post the results.No politics, no grant funding. ALGORE is no a scientist
US would have no rail, cable, phone if govt did not grant monopolies. So it's never really a free market, except in your fantasies
Sell socialism to Brazil. America was built on freedom,capitalism & ingenuity. Gov't of old maybe fostered growth until liberalism ideology
How about the middle? Our anger us at you in DC who do not listen to us and vote only party line. We are in agreement with @POTUS44 & Paris
How much is Trump paying you, Bob?  There's no other explanation for your consistent apologism. #TNResist #Resist #Impeach45 #ParisAccord
Last week Corker said overseas trip, which embarrassed USA b4 the world/divided us from our allies, was "perfect." Join us Saturday (cont'd)
That sounds like Russian cash in the PAC.
Your response is so typical to anything coming out of Obama years. Doesn't matter if it's in interest of our country or not.
No he knew what he was doing, 45 has no clue!
The guy who negotiated it? Er, no.
Far from just the left that is upset with this decision and you no it...you starting to get loose with the facts now too!!??
Agreed!
#easttnresist
You all are destroying America! Bigly!
I don't think so. trump has disgraced this country & all it stands for. And you're right there with him.
I'm not sure how much we can affect global warming but if the right is wrong, they are very wrong.
Is there anything Senator Corker won't blame on Obama?  Pretty much no.
Hey, maybe come back home and say all this to our faces?
Meanwhile, back at home...
No, it should be targeted to the Republican Party and its anti-scientific stance despite mountains of evidence
Republicans wouldn’t ratify any treaty. As it was, they could barely agree to fund the government and pay the bills

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_debt-ceiling_crisis_of_2011 …
The reality is that the Republican Party has become radicalized. Their winning campaign argument was ‘build a wall’ and ‘lock her up’
The radicalization of the GOP breaks historical precedent in US political history, as described by these guys
America needs a strong Conservative party. The Republican party is not that. It has become a global troll
It is disappointing to hear the Chair of the Senate Foreign Affairs Committee lecture us on Obama when current POTUS weakens US leadership
From the TPP, Paris agreement, and failure to reaffirm NATO’s Article V, the USA is ceding global leadership
It is not a surprise that this is happening as the WWII generation passes away. They fought for global pease under US leadership
Have you read the Paris agreement that the US funds entirely?
What? Protect the environment
The "left" -- what about the center? Precisely you are buying into the notion that it is we or they?  Plays into Putin. #NATOLIVES
This makes me very sad. I thought you were our newest Howard Baker. Be a Hero; save our planet!
So was this statement a requirement to get to play golf with 45 and Manning?  FYI a healthy planet is not about partisan politics. Shameful!
Oh no, he won't be in office 4 years and your time is about up also....
Don't you start that foolishness!!!!!!!
Deflecting is a bad habit!
Why is that?  Obama was trying to protect our water, air, National Monuments, the Arctic etc.  Trump is just INCOMPETENT DESTRUCTION
I think maybe Senator Coker sniff some of the polish when he was shining President Trump shoes but he's a good servant.

.@AP photo shows @SenBobCorker Peyton Manning in golf attire exiting vehicle in motorcade after returning @whitehouse from Trump golf course
No Sir. But at you and your ilk and that ASS currently residing in the WH. Oh RIGHT! He's NEVER at the WH!
Senator as coastal villages in Alaska flood, and later major world cities, people will remember your statements and who killed the deal.
The anger justifiably directed at misguided DJT. Main reasons he withdrew are Marcon handshake & if the black guy is for it, must be bad.
This is not a right/left, liberal or conservative, Dem or Rep issue. This is a GLOBAL & human issue. Once again you are on the wrong side 1/
side. It is clear that you will rubber-stamp Trump's agenda and failed policies, instead of standing with your constituents.
This comment is absurd. Shame on you.
You and administration are a complete embarrassment.  There were NO requirements. It was a promise to protect our planet & ppl.
It's fascinating the GOP spent eight years telling president Obama that he couldn't blame Bush for his issues but Trump can't stop blaming O
No thanks, I'm going to direct my anger at the current president doing the things that I currently find problematic.
Continuing to be an embarrassment to Tennessee bob. Thanks a lot 
Obama was the last American president to be the leader of the free world. Now we are looking to Germany and France and Canada to lead. Sad!
You are a failure as a leader. TN has the workforce and location to be the silicon valley of clean energy, but failure of leadership.
The only thing weakening America is the liberal /socialist agenda of the Democratic party. Thank you Sen. Corker. Tennesseans back you.
 you're a joke can't wait to call and even go door to door to get you voted out of office.
Bob, why didn't you push for the Iran Nuclear Deal to be a treaty for the Senate to consider?
Can you folks do anything without mentioning President Obama??? So sick of your jealous ways.
That's ridiculous. Every other world leader understands we should be in the Paris Accord. So do a lot of American leaders.
What planet r u living on? This #TN voter could not agree w u less. 2018 is coming.
#TheResistance
30% of Americans are still stupid enough to listen to you. I'm not one of them.
Need to get other legislators together and go back to your liberal Morning shows and show your support for our President! Will it happen?
WTH?????
No, it shouldn't. As one of your constituents this angers me. Stop blaming Obama. #alltrumpsfault
No, our anger is directed at you and the republicans who are sitting by while @realDonaldTrump ruins this country. It's your last term.
It's not just the left.
@SenBobCorker I voted for you. I'm angry at this vain president's action. I expected a more thoughtful response from you.
Really? Bob only cares about himself.
Shifting blame=not helpful. Not a left/right issue it's a human issue. Those of us not on the "left" are also angry.
Stop giving our $ and jobs to away. Time to deregulate. Save our environment without giving our $ to globalist. He was elected to do this!
Agree 
The "left" should direct it's anger elsewhere? Ninety-eight percent of Americans support the Paris accord.
Oh that's rich
Don't you dare say it was just "one man". Don't you dare act like he had a shot in hell of y'all doing anything except barely tred water.
Two other countries out of the entire planet didn't want this, Bob. TWO. One in a civil war and the other didn't think it strong enough!
No your party own this mess. You are a part of the mess.2018.
Come on, Senator.  You're sinking to the level of Trump. He's single handedly given away our world leadership position. Thanks, Bob.
I don't recall Obama backing out of it
I'm your constituent, and I'm tired of your treating us like we're the enemy. You work for us.
Seriously?
Sir you have become a complete disgrace
Keep it up Corker. Each time you open your mouth you lose votes. Have at it !
Now you really have pissed me off !
Ugh. You are such a disappointment.
Now its time to back Trump and get tax cuts
why?
I give ALL my extra money to your announced Challenger. You should be scared. And ashamed.
You're joking right?  Where's the punchline
They must have intel on you, b/c you are tweeting like a crazy person-and a subject changing one at that!
Rather than name calling, I'd rather you fight to prevent devastating effects of climate change. Billions will suffer from yr cowardice.
amazing how every single thing is always Obama's fault
please work to solve problems rather than telling your constituents who to blame. We do not need help in this regard.
Political posturing is not going to save our planet.
you are wrong. Stop trying to legitimize the actions of this backward administration.
Wow. This wins the dumbest thing I've heard today. Congrats! So clueless.
I finally agree with you about something....
Umm, no.
hope to see you ousted next election.
President Obama made bad deal. President Trump willing to renegotiate to make it good deal for US & environment.
Nonsense! Stop blaming Obamafor Republican leadership FAILURES. FOcus on important issues. Trump/ Russia love, berating our European allies
Obama saw the desperate need to preserve & protect our environment. The #GOP only wants profit.
It is the #GOP versus the world. We are larger than you.... good bye #GOP
Obozo could of had Congress debate and get treaty w other Countries, he didn't it was non-binding. Understand?
Lmao China, currently biggest polluter on Earth. Comprehende?
You sound more like @potus every day.  Pass the blame.  We pay you to accept responsibility and act responsibly.  Just do it!
You just gave the left too much info, they heads are blowing up
Why has your tone shifted from leadership & rational reax to rhetoric? Be angry at BO? That's your suggestion, Senator?
As a Tennessean I usually agree with you, but I find your nearly unconditional support of Trump very troubling!
Another traitor heard from. Your days of power are numbered.
You and Trump get a 2fer. A poke in the eye to Obama and a distraction from Russia. @repjimcooper
No it will be directed at you when you run for re-election
Blame game, just like your idol!
My issues is with leaving it,  not participating in it.  Take the credit due you for leaving the USA at the end of the line.
That is called deflection. Take responsibility. You and your colleagues and president (small p intended) are to blame.
No sir, it's pointing in the right direction, at you and your devious squad!
We can do both
As a Moderate republican who spends most of my time outside, I applauded Obamas leadership in climate science. Why don't you.
This is an abdication of American leadership on the world stage without reason or principle.
Hold a town hall and we can tell you what rational people who believe in science think about your vacuous statements
I'm guessing this is a feeble attempt at humor?
Are you living under a rock
Insanity!!! Obama signed it, Trump took us out!! Are you thinking about the future of your grandchildren??
Angry at you hypocrite! 8 years of BS about Obama weakening America's presence in the world. What say you now? #makeourplanetgreatagain
Sir, President Trump misunderstood the report that MIT presented. Paris Climate agreement is good for business, employment, country, Earth
Obama, Obama, Obama. Jesus, you Republicans are a broken record.
How about putting your country above party for once in your career? Stop kowtowing to that fascist wannabe dictator.
The US is one of the only countries in the world that treats climate change as a partisan issue. It's disgraceful & irresponsible.
Trump is willingly surrendering US leadership on the world stage. This will not make us stronger or great again.
Trump is defiantly ignorant of the economic consequences of climate change.
Letting others take the lead in new technologies & renewable energy development while Trump clings to outdated coal harms workers.
when the entire world (except us, Syria and Nicaragua) can agree that climate change is a threat... we might be in the wrong.
We should pay more we are the wealthiest! It used to be that America wanted to lead and help others. WTH #CountryOverParty
Please please stop blaming Obama for what happened yesterday! I am a constituent!!!!! He didn't have to pull out to negotiate something else
Years ago repugs actually wanted to govern. Now u just want to call names and work for the rich.
Actually, everyone was OK with it until Trump shows up and now you all start whining about it.
Please di not sell your soul to a party! Put Tennessee first!!
Obama did the right thing. You right wing folk are damn stupid. Lets hope 2018 and 2020 fixes that.
Last time I checked you represent the left, right, and center of TN #knowyourrole which is not that of a News Corp commentator! #primaries
Bob Corker when are you goin

Bob Corker
 You have really disappointed this country .Stop kissing Trump's ass
This is stupid. How long will you stand by an man who is obviously out of his depth?
It's directed at YOU and your fellow Republicans who wouldn't ratify anything. Enjoy your last term- TN is telling you "YOU'RE FIRED"!
Stop calling it the "left's anger". I'm not left. It is the world's anger and that of anyone who has half a brain, which you obviously don't
That's a clearly troll-ish comment that should be beneath a sitting US senator.
The anger is directed at you and other #vichygop
You're goddamned right we're angry, Senator. But we're rightfully angry at the entirety of the GOP for their obstruction and anti-science >
Positions. You have the GALL to tell us to direct our anger at Obama, when you know goddamned well that anything remotely connected to him >
Would have died in sub-committee, not based on any merit, but rather based on the fact that it would have been something tied to Obama. >
You made it your stated highest priority to dismiss out of hand any action that Obama showed the slightest support for. You put your >
Party politics above the good of the nation for 8 years. You have never cared about this country, or its standing as a world leader, only >
Winning one more election and staying in a position to continue milking the taxpayers while doing nothing to improve the lives of your >
Constituents. You and the entire GOP have acted in bad faith the past 9 years. We won't ever trust you again. Have fun in 2018.
you truly are just on your knees for the guy. on behalf of me and every young person (left and right) in Tennessee...GROW. A. PAIR.
The "left"..... you ass, go look at the numbers, lots of people know this is the wrong right and left. Just like guns.....
As your constituent, I'm angry at YOU for a complete lack of leadership.
You just lost my vote
No, it should not.
Um, there are plenty of people on the right and in the middle that are not happy about this. #Idiot
Obama made progress. We are moving backwards under Trump. Shameful that you know he's a fool & yet praise him to stay in his good graces.
Actually, it should be aimed at the 22 Republican Congressional Reps. who have taken over $10 m in money.
I KNEW you ignorant climate-change deniers would make-up some LAME excuse to blame Obama  Do you have ANY idea what a FOOL you sound like?!
No. YOU have a responsability to lead this country with thoughtful consideration for the welfare of everyone and everything; posterity also.
No
Keep thinking you only pissed off the left...
He's not POTUS anymore. Our current one decided to remove the US from the global consensus. (That's how Presidents work. One at a time.)
@LindskiLapinski 
I think I'll direct my anger towards 2018 midterm elections and hopefully a new Senator!
IS THIS A JOKE ?
Many serious issues in front of Congress. This left vs. right noise lowers the discussion to level of a football rivalry.
The LEFT? I'm sure both sides are concerned abt the world we live in. If you have kids/grandkids you should be too.
Stop trying to deflect. This is on you and the climate deniers you enable.
Nope. It's at you.
Have you forgotten your solemn vow to defeat anything he put forward?
Only the ignorant & Obama haters buy this spin.Check the polls,even a majority of Republicans disapprove of this decision. Poor try, Corker
Exactly what was it a GOP Senate approved of any consequence that Obama sought? Seems there was a GOP meeting to never vote anything Obama
Not listening to your own constituents!  Even the right aren't in favor. Open your eyes!!
Seriously??  Corker, u have blown a fuse.  
Was your account hacked?? If not, I am disappointed that you have sunk to partisan politics. I thought you were better than that.
Wrong answer!  Climate denial!!!
You are dead wrong on this one, Senator. East TN is listening and we don't like what we hear.
Why are the Generals/military and Tillerson's Exxon preparing for the impact of climate change, while letting Bannon/Pruitt misdirect POTUS?
Not credible...McConnell wouldn't even let his SCOTUS nominee have a hearing...we're supposed to believe he wouldn't have obstructed Paris 
you CLEARLY don't give a shit what your constituents want. Keep it up. U are the one who will be on the wrong side of history.
Do you blame what you ate for lunch on Obama Mr. Corker?
Senator Bob Corky
We are not that stupid.
Why Elder Bob?
(A) we are progressives, not "the Left"--check history. (B) our anger is not about the Paris climate agreement but US failure to honor it!
#trump ALONE had the power to change the USA commitment numbers, yet he wants to renegotiate it? With WHO? His other personalities? #RESIST
FYI everyone: Join "Defeat Bob Corker 2018" on Facebook. Over 7,500 members and growing.
That's fine Bob. Meanwhile back in your hometown, the guy who has your job cares more than you do
how about the Right's? This is not a solely partisan issue. I'm a Republican-  I voted for YOU-and I'm angry!!!
I'm not a left . I'm an American and climate change is real.Quit blaming Obama which for you is easy.Stop @POTUS his budget,healthcare sucks
Calling your constituents "the left" is unnecessarily divisive. And please stop blaming Obama. Take responsibility for what your party does.
They just want something to whine about. Evil and corrupt people wanting a corrupt president! Sad! God help us!
Bullshit. Go home traitor.  Putin will love your loyalty
No. "The left's" anger should be directly aimed at the Trump, who caused the withdrawal, and those that still support him (i.e. you).
.@SenBobCorker I respectfully disagree; the U.S. should be leading here not walking away from responsibility - which is exactly what we did
Classic: blame Obama when (most) Senate Republicans would have blocked it entirely
As my elected representative, my anger is squarely directed at you for failing to stand for protecting our planet for the sake of politics.
Obviously because you and a majority of other Republican members in Senate would have demagogued the issue at great cost to our children
Not the left. The world. And you and the GOP-enablers of Trump are in the tiny minority.
Don't kid yourself: it's not just the left that's angry.
what's wrong is blaming everything on the left or right. Some of us don't care about party, we care about doing right by ALL
Well said, Shonna!
Quit trying to blame other people for your failures. The rest of the world is moving into the future & leaving the US behind. Do your job!
Amen. That  was going to cost America big time. Just another tab in obama's overall plan to destroy America in the long run!
Based on your blame Obama stance on this, I take it you'll fully support lifting sanctions. Enjoy your retirement bob it's only a year away
Well I blame you the GOP and all your fossil fuel sugar daddy's
Oh, come on Corker! Trump is determined to erase anything Obama did.  Congress of Republicans would not have approved the  Climate Accord.
You're my senator. Expect a call from me. You are ignorant for supporting trump. You've gotta go
BULLSHIT!  If it weren't for obstructionist Republicans, @BarackObama would have taken it to congress!  Was 2 important 2 take that chance!
Don't do that. It's silly.
The people of TN need to vote you out.We are not left or right, we are Americans and citizens of the world in which we live. #ParisAgreement
Bullshit
The @GOP has destroyed America's leadership role in the world. Our allies are joining together in opposition to our rogue state.
Cough*Bullshit*Cough. 
Sincerely, 
~ A Constituent
No. Obviously not. Take a good look at Trump, sir.
The left???? stop lying. Your party has made us a laughingstock among every political party in the world!
Are you insane?
It's time to end Obama's wicked legacy...Trump is a clever man, Paris climate agreement false
You the GOP and Trump Pence has made the USA a laughingstock in the world even Russia that Trump is beholden to is laughing #FlipTheHouse
