I know @realDonaldTrump is committed to tax reform. I am committed to tax reform. And it is our responsibility to get it done.
There is a reason our tax code has not been reformed for more than three decades.
But you sent me to Washington to tackle problems, call it how I see it, and work to create a better life for you and your families.
That will be my focus during this debate, and I look forward to working with my colleagues and with the @WhiteHouse to accomplish this task.
Pretty sure shorting @FannieMae @FreddieMac & killing #affordablehousing for @wellsfargo #wellsfargo is priority!
Get behind Rand Paul no more war
Tax reform in Bob's mind is giving more breaks to corporations, wealthy donors, and the wealthy investors, "not ordinary Tennesseans."
Ain't that the DAMN TRUTH!
Maybe focus on the people hurt by Harvey and impending Irma. Maybe focus on standing with DACA.
Hillary is with you!
The most important thing right now is the life of a Dreamer and the deal they made in good faith. #SaveDACA
It is sad to see a two-faced liar like you starting empty campaign promises.
Do the right thing: RETIRE WITH DIGNITY before we kick you out.
Agree
Please Stay....
Actually @SenBobCorker, the most important thing on the agenda should be protecting 800,000 young people.
Please support the dreamers ( DACA  )
What about DACA? #ProtectDACA #ProtectDREAMers
Corker- Today is the day you show your true colors! Work across the aisle to pass a clean bill that will give the DREAMERS citizenship!
Just remember who needs the tax break. Hint: it isn't corporations.
Tax relief is fine, but DACA should be priority.  Terrible choice to go after these kids who trusted the gvt.
DACA first Corker. Get your priorities straight.
Defending #DACA is most important.
You listen to business leaders. Microsoft president: put DREAMers before tax reform
Hillary is with you!
Support #DACA
Help the DREAMERS first!  What has happened to our humanity?
Don't punish law abiding dreamers!  Acknowledge Obama did some good things!
Support DACA.  Legislate these kids back out of the shadows. And don't tie it to that effing wall, please.
Hillary stands with you!
ANOTHER AMERICAN TRAITOR!
#DefendDACA should be one of the most important tasks on your agenda! Do what's right or be gone! Your reelection is at stake. #IJS
Hillary is with you!
TRAITOR!
Really, are you that out of touch? No tax reform for the wealthy when there are scared DREAMERS out there! We owe them better!
Yes. That's exactly what everyone's most concerned about today, Senator. Taxes. Thanks for having your finger on the pulse. #DefendDACA
#DACA is your most important task.  I have no concern for taxes while fellow Americans are being shoved from the country.
DREAMERS aren't American citizens!! Were supposed 2 b here temporarily. Can't believe u ppl think illegals 4 more important than US kids
your ancestors are also illegals.  We stole this land from native Americans. Not alternative fact, fact.
I'm a Indian GIVE IT BACK THIEVES!
Congress should NOT vote on "tax reform" until trump releases his taxes so we can see how it benefits HIM. It's the ethical thing to do.
Yea, Yea, Yea, you've been saying the same ole BS for yrs. The best tax break we could use from you & Lamar is to retire w/o no pay/benefits
Does anyone outside of a group of GOP donors care about a tax bill?
If you want to get these things done as well as others, run in 2018! Our country needs strong Republicans like yourself to ward off Trump!
Being a workhorse for trump isn't working out for you
"Behind the scenes, Bannon has proposed the possibility of targeting Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker" http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/10/bannon-gop-primaries-mcconnell-trump-242522 …
TAX reform & help 4 AMERICAN CITIZENS hurting from costs of #ACA FIRST! NOW! Not later. Get it done. Then,complete overhaul of immigration
Loosing faith the GOP can get anything done - quit taking breaks and do your job!
See what You get when you don't work with the Rep. President? You could have done much, much better. Now, we the people must live with it.
But who will benefit most? I hope the middle and working class. Please don't sell it as such unless that is the case. #incomeinequality
We want TRRM LIMITS too
You claim to be the anti modern slavery guru but tax reform is more important than #ProtectDREAMers?
Enjoy it while it lasts. Keep your seat warm for Carr. We voter for Trump, not some weird bastardization of Conservatism. #DrainTheSwamp
Get this done!  You are Our Elected Employee
I hope you are retiring.. time to go...you I hope will lose the primary.. you certainly list my vote.. with your comments re: @ # POTUS
Tax reform synonym for tax cuts for the 1 percent. Won't create better jobs!
Tax reform is tax cuts 4 all, not just 1%. Many businesses rn't in 1% but r paying 2nd highest tax in WORLD!! Business won't invest here!!
Business are very profitable here that is why we have the strongest and biggest economy in the world.
Then tell me why so many have left & moved 2 other countries & taken their $ w/them? Why r $s made not invested back in US?  expensive here!
Our insurance premiums r skyrocketing! Y'all r LIARS! Said you'd R&R so do it. We're not rich like y'all & have to pay for our insurance!R&R
NOT REFORM! It is NOTHING but tax cuts for your 1% cronies. I will pull my entire 401k b4 I pay taxes to support this crap. #Useless
Now
No, it isn't #defendDACA
Your are so right native Americans would like to know what day you're leaving read A book we are all are illegals
You make me SICK! You're a f-ing LIAR! Go home do what #WhiteSupremacists do best...strap on #covfefe holster & bend the knee for your king!
Not any more. Your president just threw u under the bus. Wise up & dump him
Where's trump tax returns?!!
Where's @realDonaldTrump tax returns?
Defend #DACA.
Why is repealing the unaffordable care act not one of the most important tasks?  #MAGA
How about DACA. What are you thinking?!
you'll find a way to block Trump
Tax reform. Not just tax cuts
American ideals are being threatened at home and in the world arena. Americans are frightened and suffering losses. What world are you in?!
Get it done then. That is why you are there isn't it??
Are you shitting me dude?!
Yes, American people need tax reform and a wall built. Don't forget you work for the American people.
Here's what we real Americans care abt.:r democracy, fairness, DACA, health care, infrastructure, global warming, clean air/water, jobs.
No, Senator, our democracy is. We were cyber attached by Russians, GOP leadership complicit and we have an egomaniac at the helm.
Get er done!
Tax reform and tax cuts for the very wealthy are two very different things Bob.
You may have travelled many miles, but you did NOT meet with the public. You met w rotary organizations, who have dif needs than Joe Public.
Tax reform, secure borders, Obamacare repeal, then terms limits. Nothing new here, so stop talking and get it done.
And since the only constituents that are worthy of the GOP time, the wealthy can be assured that they will receive the most. 
#VoteCorkerOut
This is a tax cut for the rich, you buffoon. Time for corporations and rich folks to pay their fair share. Oh, and #Impeach @realDonaldTrump
what is fair....the fair tax?
Make it happen!
What about #DefendDACA  ??
Senator, the last time tax code was revised to give tax breaks to corporations and wealthiest Americans, we plunged into recession
Support the Fair Tax plan
No. #DACA is first.
Then #ACA.  Then it's time for a serious inquiry into the extent of Russian election meddling. Your friends don't need a tax break.
Tax reform shouldn't be a priority. People are a priority. #DefendDACA, keep us insured, protect equality. Those are important things.
Wrong!  should be the top things they do first! Healthcare, Tax reform, national security! Idc about an illegal immigrant send them home
Sen Corker DACA is your number one items in our Senate agenda.
Build the wall, repeal Obama care, get your hand out of my pocket.  Do your job.
So is healthcare, infrastructure & daca. All have been a complete failures so far. Not much hope on the tax plan since I'm not a millionaire
do you support DACA repeal? Silence is complicity.
Let's see Trump's returns before you start handing out tax breaks for billionaires. Like to see where the money goes. Kinda funny that way.
That's good but don't forget repeal O'care, build the wall and negate the NoKo threat.  Please work on getting non-O'care ins prem lowered.
#DACA is more important.
AGREE!
U should put DACA as first priority.  Your state's economy depends on it.  #DefendDACA
The two most important things today is how we handle North Korea and hurricane relief/preparedness. Everything else is secondary. #Priorties

"Almost every proposal claims to protect taxpayers...an empty promise, and the federal gov't remains the backstop." http://www.weeklystandard.com/how-not-to-fix-fannie-mae-and-freddie-mac/article/2009542#.Wa7Pzq11aZg.twitter …
DJT "has not yet been able to demonstrate the stability, nor some of the competence that he needs to demonstrate in order to be successful."
says who....you? CNN?
Said Bob, himself.
3/Trickle down claims have never worked. The reinvestment of capital never happens. The rich don't make jobs. All old GOP lies. #GREEDYGOP
Laura is likely a retired union gal who wants #Americans hard earned money to benefit the families of illegal immigrants
USA1st=Family1st
2/ Tax prep software and sights work great. Only wealthy need simplification so they can employ all their loop holes. The rest of us are ok.
what's your position in #DACA ?
Yeah, like how @BillHaslam taxed Tennesseans here recently with the so- called "Improve Act." As long as it benefits you, it doesn't matter.
1/GOP so called reform calls for lower taxes for wealthy and corps. We've been down this road before. Tax code is simple enough for most.
American taxes for businesses are one of HIGHEST in world causing them 2 not want 2 invest in US = no jobs Taxes r 2 high 4 avg AMERICAN.
REMINDER: #HarveyReliefFunding, #Taxcuts, #RepealReplaceOcare, #BorderWall. #DACA last. #MAGA
Impeach.  You know it's coming.
No DACA is. Dreamers need to stay.
Thank you mr. Corker :)
Like REPEAL?? I'll believe it when I see it!
