Sorry 2b so late commenting here.So now ur commie too..supporting Troika of Putin-Tillerson-Trump? Selling US out.Thx4Nada Bub
KGB Corker ready to help Putin oil partner Tillerson. Russia in charge now.
Please stop putting Russian activists into the Cabinet. Aren't you supposed to protect and lead America?
how??? I disagree with you and will vote accordingly
Don't understand qualifications for Sec. of State, but I do Sec. of Education. Do not confirm for Betsy Devos!#NoBetsy #constituent #2018
yeah!
.@SenBobCorker Losing all respect for you sir in following your confirmation votes; had hoped you would be a voice of reason within the GOP.
He most certainly is not. I have voted for you in the past. Never again.
You are sheepishly scared of Trump. A yes person. Can't wait to see you get voted out. Elitist, you are one of them.
You have not represented your states voters wishes. We plan to replace you and all like you for selling America out
This is not a drill @SenBobCorker 'Take the Oil' president + Exxon Secretary of State. Seems legit. #Tillerson
look up #panamapapers and @RTillersonState ties to Russia and Putin - or do you just not care as long as republicans reign?
is NOT well-qualified to be a TN senator. Or a senator for any state for that matter.
Is the Senator confused about the Immigration EO as senior WH staff say? https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2017/01/29/unnamed-white-house-official-on-implementing-travel-ban-it-really-is-a-massive-success-story/?utm_term=.e63cae9ac308 …
Rex Tillerson is totally unqualified to be SoS. He is part of the Trump/Bannon plan to destroy this country. #StopTillerson
#swampcabinet #alernativefacts #makeamericasickagain
what is his (and your) plan to transition us to #renewableenergy in a #GreenNewDeal for the next 2 years?
how much money will you make off the Russia deal I hope it a lot since you are willing to sell out Americans
good hearing on #Tillerson today. thank u for chucking the loud lady school teacher -- finally after great restraint.
how can you support this man who is a friend of Putin and actually received Russia's highest civilian honor for his friendship
looks crooked to many of us. transparency needed. tell urleader
to show us his taxes. otherwise Tillerson looks crooked too
Just to clarify my thinking re:your votes on Trump nominees..Have You No Shame Sir..or does your Disrespect for USA run deep?
NO he is not! #PutinPuppet #NoBigOil This is NOT good for America!

No he's not. Bet you support Pruitt to head the USEPA too, eh Senator,?  You're running for re-election soon.
Senator Corker,You know yet play for wrong team. I must wonder what stake partisan GOP has in Russian Oilfields Time will tell
if you believe that Russian shill belongs in that position you need to be out of yours.
Rex Tillerson lies, is unethical & will make decisions to benefit Exxon, NOT We The People, your constituents. We say NO!!
to all you snowflakes and cupcakes mad at Mr. Corner for doing his job.
how much you getting paid? Tillerson = wrong!!! what's wrong with you people???
United we would stand, divided we may fall.  Partisan politics and American greed help meet Putin's goals for our Democracy.
you are a huge disappointment!
When is the floor vote scheduled?
you should be pushing Dems to approve all nominees it's a disgrace, #purepolitics
we'll remember that you sold out to Russia.
this is appauling. Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia
duly  noted. Voting for DeVos too?
.@SenBobCorker that's like saying a fox is qualified to watch the henhouse based on extensive knowledge of chickens.
Tillerson refused to recuse himself from all ExxonMobil matters!
Why does Sen. BoB Menendez of NJ /get to vote on anything while he is under indictment on Federal Corruption Charges ?
You gonna get a slice of that  $500,000,000,000.00 pie?
you just don't know how to support Tennessee sad
Thank you Senator. Tillerson will be a great asset to our country.
are you supporting your college #Roommate to get a better deal from #exxon
He has almost as many conflicts of interest as our new president, so that's awful.
Sir, I am ashamed to call you my senator. Remember that little march in DC? Well, us girls plan on making visits everywhere!
Sir, I am ashamed to call you my senator. Remember that little march in DC? Well, us girls plan on making visits everywhere!
well done
He put Exxon ahead of the USA several times. What makes you think he won't do this now?
THANK YOU he will do great and is exactly the right person
you are wrong. You just handed Putin our country. Nice move losers.
I'm ashamed that you represent my state. You called out his lobbying lie directly. I expected you to maintain that integrity.
Rex Tillerson is a terrible choice. Unfortunately all Americans will have to pay the price.
what happened to the teacher from Kalamazoo? Is she ok? I second her sentiment. & thank her for her courage
By 1 vote margin which trump would call a landslide and mandate?
yipee @seanspicerPS  comments at press conferences must have broken log jam Incidentally press conferences greatest ever wow
@sxdoc 8 years of two radicals in the job enriching themselves along the way. Response to the left:
You must be as insane as Trump.  Thanks for making America scary again
as one of your constituents I ask you to vote #NoToTillerson
UNACEPTABLE! Wrong on ENVIRONMENTAL DESTRUCTION and RUSSIA. He CANNOT be Secretary of State of this great nation! y'all HIGH!?
Make no mistake T-Rex will forcefully project our national interest on the world stage but no free walk for Russia China Arab Nations.
Who cares about this crap. We need to know if we should short sell #fnma & #fmcc R U still trying to get even with hedge funds
he's not qualified.
YOU SOLD OUT THE USA TO RUSSIA
on the plus side, 2018 is just around the corner. Thanks for helping the Dems…
Democrat Senate Try's Holding Back Rex Tillerson As Sec Of State Look What They Chose Hillary/Kerry? Time To Vote(I)Yes Now%
How can you be so sure he is not more loyal to Russia and Exxon? We all feel like all they want is the oil and to get rich.
TY For supporting the effort to #MAGA ! Great job!
terrible choice
#Terrifying as usual. This man will just help enrich oil ppl and help Russia. Your getting paid to say this aren't you?
how could you be pleased? Oh, yeah big business draining the swamp. #Resisttrump @MoveOn #swapcabinet @IndivisibleTeam shamful
Congrats! You led nomination of first winner of "friend of Russia" award. Shame on you.
-Putin agrees with you.
Do you remember when Trump floated a test balloon on Tillerson, y'all shot it down, and he nominated him anyway? It's called getting owned
Another CEO of big business. Again proving the GOP is not a party of the people. Unless you are in the top financial tier.
@twright55 
Nope!
you'd vote for a T-bone steak for this job if @realDonaldTrump wanted you to
I'm ur constituent & u don't represent me!
@CNN
you need to talk to Marco and the other 2.  I will never support anything they do..have they heard we won the election..
looooooool
Thanks for ur part in selling out America. So long democracy.
it's ok we won't forget next election enjoy your final term Mr Senator @SenBobCorker
After all, Putin was the first to endorse Tillerson's qualifications and merits, albeit before Russia. Trump followed.
Wrong!
