You're digging a very deep hole that is making those of us who were previously apathetic about politics turn loudly against you.
He's probably a buddy of trumps, just like putin..
It would have been the perfect message if @potus had consulted with Congress. Maybe you, too, need a refresher course on the Constitution.
I cannot wait to vote you out of office.
Yea so glad Putin gave him permission as long as nothing was damaged. POLITICAL STUNT!
Any response to the rumors you're considering retiring and not running for election again?
@POTUS is being lied to by McMaster and same intelligence agencies that said WMD and surveilled @POTUS!
I would defend the President's right to defend our basic values: Justice, peace, democracy, freedom..by a show force, power,..
What did you say when Obama wanted a strike in Syria? I think I'll find out.
This was a reckless message. A bullet in Assad's brain, from one of our snipers would have been the correct message to the money power.
Damn that was an expensive "message." He couldn't have just tweeted Assad?
What message is that?  "Now you have to let us shoot rockets at your driveway.  You might want to get out of the way."
Did you also support President Obama in 2013 when he asked to do the same thing?
"Very proud," who are you trying to fool? I am a Tennessean, and I am ashamed that you are a so called senator of the state.
There was a time I thought he may be a little better than Alexander. So so wrong
I can't believe how gullible our country is, including it's politician's. Syria used the exact same airport today to launch new attacks.
Americas ppl can B gullible nolonger nows the time 2C the need 4Change  needsinfrastructure repair borders secured ACA replacd &ppl2work
Yes...we are too.  Get the rest of the republicans in line.
I'm proud of our POTUS 4drawing the line against Chemical Weapons AND standing by that decree with the MIGHTY FORCE of USA! America strong!
Me too!
Your proud Trump didn't follow the law to get proper approval, then proud he's refused refugees entry, and proud he's not offered aid?
Are you proud that he doesn't want any refugees here? What is the difference in those he was upset about and the ones who want to come here?
Good grief! How ignorant can you be and still be a senator?
And we're so excited to welcome the surviving "beautiful babies" to our country now, right?? Hypocrites.
You are a hypocrite! You've soldTN out and you have sold out the USA. Time for a change in TN Constitution, so we can impeach you.
you shouldn't be proud of any act of war
This is a repeat of Iraq war which was based on lies. @POTUS don't start war and who reported that ASAAD has chemical weapons? Stop wars!
Well, Senator, what's the plan going forward? Is Trump going to bypass Congress on that, too?
I need to know what koolaid ur drinking.  Because I can't see how you can be proud of anything the Prez is doing...let alone air strikes.
WE WON!  Yippeeee!  OH wait, nothing's changed, only 100mil for fireworks
Yes, sure, right on....because all the other bombs falling in Syria sure made a difference. They'll fall right in line now. Yep.
I'm not. It's a big snow. Trump could care less about those babies. He wants that oil deal done for Putin running pipeline thru Syria!
Were they successful?
too bad they didn't do damage to Assad's ability to slaughter his people. Feeble attack.
were you and others consulted before the launch? https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2331 … … https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2331 … …  #FactsForAll
But would it not helped if russia wasnt warned prior to the strikes. Would relief efforts been the humane to do children need help not bombs
actually sir, you are a monster.
If only you knew what you were talking about.
Message that the US is just as terrible as Assad.
Proud of bombing check. Silence on ban check.
Hypocrite!!!  Baseless hypocrite!!  When 44 wanted Congressional help & response, you goons said NO. Hypocrites!  Paid off again??
Hey!!! We agree on something!
Yes, I join with you in your praise for our president.
So so sad that you think he is not immoral and a war monger maybe someday you will see the truth and the truth will set you free
Who are you trying to fool?!? They just sent more jets from the SAME BASE to Homs to drop more weapons on their own people.
.@SenBobCorker what message, exactly? Did it come from Vlad and include "move your shit"? Because that's what happened. 100% trainwreck.
President, the military strikes must continue until the Assad criminal is overthrown and the Iranian militias are expelled from Syria
Assad should not be allowed to continue to stay in Damascus. This criminal will take revenge on the killing of more innocent Syrians
The Russians must not exceed their borders and can not continue to protect Assad and the Iranian terrorist militias
I'm sorry, screw that! This was the epitome of Kabuki theater, directed as a "WAG THE DOG" strategy.  Russians and Trump in cahoots.
Are you proud that he did this after denying entry to Syrian refugees trying to escape this conflict?
Airfields are still operational & planes are flying again. If that's "shock and awe" I'm sure N. Korea and Iran are shaking in their boots 
Uhm yeah ok whatever
I see. Nothing intelligent or thoughtful to add to the conversation. Just belligerent name-calling.  Have a wonderful day
2013 'admin..seek authorization based upon our national interests.. legitimacy that can only come from Congress' https://www.corker.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/news-list?ID=F6A937A3-3B60-4ED2-8C49-E05211E01A42 …
And he did in 48 hours what Obama rejected 6 years!
Well I'm not. Checks & Balances, Corker
Oh, & #Rexxon is visiting his pal #Putin next week in #Moscow. The same #Russia that the #Pentagon thinks may be behind the #SyriaGasAttack.
Pardon?! You are proud of what?  Greetings from Germany #resist for #peace
The President @realdonaldtrump showed last night he has what it takes to lead this great country with moral clarity!
that's funny, bc Trump used basically the plan from President Obama's 2013 attempt, that Congress blocked. 
