Senator Corker, As a Tennessean, I expected more from you... Please see Senator John McCain's response!!!!
McCain's response was treasonous.  We need to return to being a lawful nation.
What was treasonous about it? Be specific.
Treasonous as in treasonous to the Republican party who are trying to fix all of Obama's mess.
Treason: the crime of betraying one's country, especially by attempting to kill the sovereign or overthrow the government.
#BuildtheWallNow
Mr. President please start building the wall to provide security and protect America-no borders, no country-You did Promise
Yea, yea...he also said he respects women...
You married boys jealous of President Trump-I'm waiting to see your posts of what Bill Clinton actually did in White House to young Interns!
GOP could have resolved the issue in 2010. I  have no faith in you or your party to uphold the ideals of America.
In 2010, the House passed the Dream Act. @SenateGOP killed the bipartisan path to citizenship for DREAMers. #DACA
Thank goodness
What is your response to DACA people wearing our nation's uniforms? You failed to pass the Dream Act; revisit it and step up, sir!
His response should be for them to work towards citizenship so that they are legal.
What the hell do you think they are doing by laying their lives on the line fighting for this country??
Staying illegal obviously
Not quite.  Just because I believe in law and order doesn't make me an idiot.  But your name calling does reveal your lack of intellect!
@SenBobCorker , that is a weak statement. Listen to your constituents! Protect our future. #ProtectDACA
He does listen to us which is why he is in line with our wishes on this subject.
END DACA or find another job.
Senator Corker....... Is this the best you could do? Angry in Nashville. Tom
Hope this doesn't hurt too much Bob
This means NO H.J. Res.76 where laws trying to make it to where police or such can come into homes without a Warrant. Crooked politicians
step up and deliver while threatening #DACADreams? Is that really what it takes? There is no plan.
The statement is NOT clear! Uncover & tell us exactly whether you are for @POTUS proposal or against it. #DACA #LawEnforcementReform
Lets keep all rednecks out of the USA.
Why don't you do your part to stop this liar
Watered down and what? This says nothing. Talk to @SenJohnMcCain and he can help you speak up for people.
McCain failed to win the presidency b/c he's not impressive enough, he's not a good republican OR Rino democrat..
What's that got to do with the subject at hand? Nothing!
Are you referring to something I said or someone else?
Sorry. I was asking @Ninrose555.
Thank you,  twitter can be confusing .
Support the Dreamers! #ProtectDREAMers and support the president!
isn't legislation created in the 'Legislative branch's of government first?
Do your job!
Illegal still means the same as it did a decade ago. Doesn't it? If not hopefully everyone won't catch on.

Believe it when I see it
Stand with our students!!! #SupportDACA #DefendaDACA
Obama started the DACA crap. Your too senile to remember that. Step down and replace yourself with a conservative.
You are  fraud Corker
#BuildtheWallNow
Mr. President please start building the wall to provide security and protect America-no borders, no country-You did Promise
Emmery Thorby get real all immigration is doing is costing taxpayers $$. Obama was a failure then and still is today. Trolls everywhere!!
Sure.But couldn't you work on it legislatively w/o the President ending DACA 1ST and striking fear into the hearts of these children? less
This is not Leadership! From you or our President. Many of us respect you Senator Corker, but this statement does not do it. Disingenuous
.@Bobcorker is to busy calling his stockbroker. 

Money talks bullshit walks.
Senator Corker, none of us were born here because we deserved it or earned it. Please show grace to the DREAMERS.
C'mon Bob. These are Tennesseeans just like you and me. They sing Rocky Top just like you and me. Do better. Aim to stay on trumps hit list
Thank you for the right position on this issue.  Now can you get busy on repealing the unaffordable care act?
What was done today did not have to occur. There was no reason, outside of politics, to make make 800k suffer needlessly.
Please help these kids by supporting #DreamAct because it's simply the right thing to do.
You know DACA and security are unrelated. You're contributing to a false narrative & part of the legislative body that could've solved.
His decision about DACA is cruel and selfish beyond words.
constituents supporting a cruel, divisive, deceitful, embarrassing, & corrupt president who doesn't care for the American people!
his own evil selfish motives. Please, Sen. Corker, as a Tennessee citizen, I've always respected you. Do not tarnish your image among your
I'm a Republican & ashamed of a crooked president Trump who calls himself Republican. He's only using y'all, Republicans in Congress, for
Get to work!
You're part of the swamp!  I see that u didn't support POTUS...  either do something good or resign!
Other illegals must leave and apply from abroad. Mandatory everify and stiff fines both for companies and individuals. No more anchor babies
You are a "puppet" for the most hated, despicable being on the planet! Shameful
Really don't care about your position on any matter. You are historu

Diversion and distraction from the Russian investigations. Anything and everything in regards to Obama.
You got it right the first time, @realDonaldTrump has not demonstrated the competency to be the President of the United States.
So you want to try and package doing a good thing to a bunch of bad things..
Still waiting 4u to apologise 2 POTUS, the statement u made unbecoming a Senator,Unacceptable, were HC 4 US , What happen 2concern 4 US !!
He is using children as a bargaining chip and leverage. How can that be acceptable?
Come on! This is cruel! These children have never known the countries they would be forced too!!!! Not their fault!!!
your heart and soul is broken. donald would deport children who have no home to go back to as a means to hold onto the 34% haters
Weak response.
you were off the month of aug now y'all are only working 12 days in sept!! What do y'all do? #nothing #maga #nevercorkeragain
When was the last time you actually voted in favor of an immigrant, any immigrant?
When Obama did an end run around congress when he put this illegal action in place you said nothing.
@SenBobCorker is a #NeverTrumper! Uncork Bob Corker 2018
You are truly pathetic sir. It was the filibuster in the republican senate that required this to be an executive order. You caused this.
To expect us to believe you will legislatively fix it is reliant on our pure gullibility. No sir. You're hedging your bets and screwing 800k
Compassion is important and legal and fair for all. As a legal immigrant I must follow laws and pay to stay in the United States.
I have no confidence in the ability of this Congress to pass anything, especially not something as complex as immigration reform.
Please let  'dreamers' know where you stand on their fate. Leadership is vital. Lead us to a legislative solution that allows them to stay.
so if your for DACA, what restrictions (if any) would you suggest be put on those you want to give amnesty too?
Your spine called, it can't find you. You obstructed for 8 years. Now you suddenly want it done.
Illegal is illegal end of story!  Americans first!
Please save the Dreamers first. They shouldn't have to be in limbo, in fear for one more day!
No amnesty,  Senator.  Enfrcement and permanent border security are absolute musts. Give no ground on these matters.
Tennessee was founded by people crossing the mountains from NC dreaming for a future. Stand for TN Values. Stand 4 the American Dream.
mr senator moslim of ruhinga was killed by budism people why you dont say any talk about that?
Then DO IT. Now.
Then, your most important job now is to discuss the 2010 HR bill- Dream Act.
Sir, that's a weak statement. A non-statement. Listen to your people. #ProtectDREAMers These young people are some of Americas best.
New Republican Party? Ban or Remove Brown People? Siding with White Supremacists? This is NOT YOU, take a Stand and call the President out!
Get something positive done for once. After tax reform and cuts.
Millions of voters are living in fear that their Friends and/or Family may be deported. These 800 Thousand plus Dreamers have Friends!
If you feel he is right to want this addressed Legislatively why didn't you discuss it duringyour golf outing with him?Or does he want fear?
An excellent non-statement statement.
Many of the Dreamers are fighting for our Country and are Married with Children. Deporting Parents and Vets. How low can we go? Ashamed.
How many "Dreamers" do you know? They are highly vetted and Volunteered to give their information our Government. Wimpy is your statement.
Please do not use the Dreamers as a bargaining chip for other immigration reforms. They trusted us, and they deserve better. #DefendDACA
This statement says nothing to your constituents. Can we count on you to help save #DacaDreamers ?
2013! THE GANG OF 8! The Senate passed a Bi-Partisan Immigration Bill! The House Sabbotaged The Bill. Congress Failed Millions Of Families
Well Said!
No coutry in the world lets people come here and drop their baby and that baby be the key to their residency! Stealing $$ from so many of us
You should be ashamed of yourself. Listen to your constituents and #ProtectDREAMers. We don't want this and don't trust congress to fix it!
You're an elected senator. Don't just talk, act. Don't tie it to a border wall. There are 800,000 ppl whose lives depend on it.
DACA youth shouldn't be at risk bc congress was/is incapable of passing immigration reform. They had no choice, their whole life is here!
Then why is our state full of them Bob? Why is wages in the toilet? Why don,t you help farmers? Where is our phase 2 money this state kept?
It could've already been law but you voted No bc obstructing Obama was more important. Your vote is on record. Politics with people's lives.
If you hold these innocent people hostage to some partisan agenda, you're not legislating, you're just heartless. Pass the bipartisan bill.
Do you support #DACA or not? That statement is about as clear as mud.
Respectfully, this is a rather weak hedge. Please revise with a clear statement of your plans for immigration reform and #DACA.
In other words ' I am trump's lapdog and I want him to have the big expensive wall he so desires'
The GOP talking points for DACA are "broken system" & "enforcement & security". Corker & Comstock sound like robots.
Rep. Comstock Statement On DACA #VA10 
Add in Collins, Blackburn. Little robots.
No complex bargains - clean #DreamAct now. Your constituents support it. The bill is simple. Get it on the floor and pass it this week.
Have any of the 700K lost their jobs yet,been deported yet, lost any rights they had yesterday? Haven't heard it yet.
You lost me at..."The president is right"  #DefendDREAMers
not good enough. if a baby was drowning would you discuss the "myriad of issues with pools" before jumping in to save her?
Apparently most ppl think after DACA is resended the next step is deportation. All the nation wanted in the first place was proper vetting.
The dreamers had no choice. Parents made their decision. To punish them is cruel.
Hard for our representatives to understand their power that Obama took from them...get down to business now to correct the wrongs of Obama.
Suddenly a man of few words...but finally you are seeing the acts of obama as the dictator he was. Yes legislation will be stronger for USA.
These issues go much deeper than your petty conservative ideology. These are PEOPLE.
How can you justify any of this. It's ok for Arpaio or Clarke to be on Trump's side but kids who had no choice. The Republicans 6 mo. No way
Senator please advocate dealing 1st separately and swiftly with DACA. They are now vulnerable to being as legislative hostages
Can you people pass anything!!!!
You know this is immoral and wrong.  Defend DACA.
Protect the Dreamers and don't you dare build that damn wall.
Says a lot of nothing...exactly what you've been doing in Congress. You forget you represent us. Help the Dreamers! Do something good!
Hopefully you'll just do it right and not add any poison pills!
No conditions . Just fix it.
Pitiful.
Sir. Is there not 1 true patriot among the GOP that will act beyond words? The assault on good Americans to appease a racist is appalling.
This isn't a statement. It's a hedge.
I fear Republicans will go too far and create new groups who hate us. Must resolve #DACA quickly
Unbelievable.  Stand up for the youth.  Don't go along with the racist Nazi.  At least McCain has courage and does right.
Why unbelievable,these r adults, that r getting pd benefits not offered 2 US (kids), if they want 2stay become US ,obey laws, no freebies
"Most of all, it's wrong because it's cruel to send these young people to places of them have never lived and do not know."
Please show some compassion and moral backbone!  you can do it.
The President is NOT right!. The USA made a commitment to the "Dreamers" in exchange for their info and must keep the promise.
And as a part of a do nothing legislative system what are you proposing to do? This country is operating as taxation w/out representation.
WEAK AND SAD !!
Corker, you have #NoMoralCompass
So sad Corker thought you had grown a pair
Not voting for you again. Lamar is still the man tho
Sir, you have something brown on your upper lip. Please wipe it off and grow some balls.
You are wrong to side with Trump on this one.  It won't get you any extra votes.

.
Wow. This must be a new record for the number of official statements made by a single politician that say nothing at all!
Get to Work!
That's it!!! We need you. Fight the good fight. Save DACA
This is a joke and not purely a cynical capitalization on an ambiguous but definitely racist decision, right?
How is this racist?
DACA represents the best of the immigrant community. There are going to be severe economic penalties for ending it in lost tax revenue
Well your comments are much more enlightening than your normal Chamber of Commerce tweets.
That's right keep kissing the crazy mans ring we won't forget in 2018
#DefendDACA don't defend 45 #UnfitForOffice #UnfitToServe
Using DACA people to negotiate getting a wall built. Stop torturing them in limbo for 6 months. DO THE RIGHT THING NOW.
It's pretty funny that you're pretending the president has made a principled stand on the division of powers between leg and exec branches
Some 8,300+ Tennesseans are Dreamers. Please don't betray them. Don't use their futures as a political bargaining chip. They deserve better!

NEW VIDEO: After DACA not only is Trump a racist, but anyone who supports him and isn't a racist, is far worse. 
Bob, you are losing the Latino vote  & the thinking vote & you will go down with @POTUS if don't get away from him. Support DACA #midterms
What?
Just get one fixed.
You are using coded language to say you are going to use taxpayer money to build a stupid wall.  You're a really bad senator.
Why should we believe you can do it now? You haven't done crap for the last 6 years. Or was this just obstruction aimed at Obama? 
#Pitiful
Not 1 of 800,000 w/criminal record and your response is to appeal to  ignorant fear? Passive-aggressive does NOT make a leader #pathetic
Oh WOW, "Not 1of800k w/criminal record", need to do research, MS 13 mostly dreamers, not to say the 1killed lady n wash St at apt, &so on,
Until a legislative solution is reached, DACA should have stayed in place. That's common sense and common decency. Congress MUST act ASAP
If you sacrifice or leverage our immigrant youth to build a wall, the next generation will tear it down.
Does your heart go out to DACA's? Americans know Trump & GOP are racists & supporting white supremacy. Americans WILL fight against these.
Spoken like a man counting on illegals and their vote. RHINO....
You just said nothing. My 5 month old nephew has stronger opinions than you.
MY statement on @POTUS' DACA edict, & it's addressed to you & numerous others:
I Am a 13th Generation #Dreamer & I stand with the #DACA #Dreamers of Today. http://spiritdogfarm.com/i-am-a-13th-generation-dreamer/ …
He should have had a plan to fix it before he ended it. Of course Trump is not capable of coming up with a plan for anything.
Please protect our immigrant youth and support the Dream Act of 2017 co-sponsored by @repcohen
Death knell
As long as u support the man we put in office 2 be our POTUS then I will support u we are tired of professio stooges that don't do anything
What a bunch of crack smokers..... nobody owes these people shit.... rule of law Corker...
Whoop de do. Support @POTUS on an obvious point - then leave him hanging out to dry on everything else. #YouSuck
Blah blah blah. Coward.
Lets see how you vote
McCain agreed w/Obama's unlawful temp fix. Congress can fix it right IAW the US Constitution. But 1st Repeal O'care, build wall, tax reform.
Terrorizing innocent people is now how you should resolve issues. As useless as building walls.
That statement sucks. Try again.
This is reprehensible. I'm deeply ashamed by your inability to show an ounce of human compassion.
TN needs you leadership @SenBobCorker. A generation of children are needing your leadership. Help the Dreamers, then!
PS: you guys haven't legislated anything since you've been in Congress. Civilians would have been fired with your track record. #cruel
If we don't stop DACA, you will constantly have kids coming over illegally into the US!  They need to leave, become legal & come back to US
The rule of law was not considered when Trump pardoned a convicted felon, Arpaio.
Lame response.  So you agree with kicking out Tax Payers that grew up in this country?

Plus you have had plenty of time to fix immigration! Admit it! Obama's experiment worked!Dreamers are valuable people!
Corker, this is lame. I have read many of your statements and this one is pitiful. This is political posturing.
Kushner hands out green cards to his business partners. Where's your statement on that?

Thanks for your work for our nation. #DACA is working and you can keep it working....please sir.
Try again please.
I will never forgive you for your role in the Iran Nuclear Deal!
Stop trying to hold DACA hostage for Trumps wall. We can see right through this.
As a Tennessean i see the election is right around the corner. The base is getting stronger and the dems have no chance...
No, Corker is right. Just like NK, immigration has been kicked down road for years. Now it must be dealt with the right way, via Congress.
Oh please we need security from North Korea. Mexico is an ally and Russia the enemy. Get off your high horse if U don't know the difference.
With the work participation rate at only 57% (the real unemployment rate is 43%), ending all immigration is justified.
