We stand ready to work with the administration to support a comprehensive strategy. My full statement on North Korea's nuclear test:
The citizens are exhausted & depressed, nervous & embarrassed.The Republicans don't care , they expect their gerrymandering will save them.
https://twitter.com/crewcrew/status/905467407078105088 … so we know he lies too
BREAKING NEWS: DHS tells CREW they have no records of being consulted on Trump's first travel ban executive order.
https://www.citizensforethics.org/foia/august-22-2017-response-u-s-department-homeland-security/ … 
Once again your job as Senator is to look out for the citizens of Tennessee not the country. Do your job!!?
What did you speak with him about
Close your Wells Fargo acct Nob.
Corker, we all realize the emperor isn't wearing clothes. Some people are still too afraid to say it. Stay strong
Wait? Gen. Kelly is POTUS now?
Hopefully
Senator Corker we could really use you to support the people of TN and help pass the tax cut plan.
Shouldn't we talk about reducing the military budget and foreign aid before we talk about a tax cut. Math 101.
Math 101 is raise wages, let capitalism go to work, raising the GDP and govt will take in more money!
I agree w raising wages. When Clinton signed NAFTA so we compete with 1.00hr jobs, Bernie proposed Congress earn 35k same as Mexico congress
Bernie is an F-ing communist socialist, u only get paid for value and profit u produce. Called capitalism, greatest wealth system on earth!!
What exactly defines the USA capitalism system No. 1? Like what are we No. 1 at?
If you have to ask that question please move to a better country!
Senator Corker, as a Tennessean i ask that you influence what you can to promote diplomacy and discourage war. People are afraid!..of Trump
Nope not afraid of Trump! Do u think it will be easier to deal w NK after they get 5 Hbombs and miniaturize them?  More afraid of your logic
Do you think it'll be easier to deal with no ko after our President delivers one bomb to them?
I'll bet money we won't have to worry about KJU after that b/c he'll be no more
Sir,if Trump ends DACA, Tennessee will lose more than 8,000 workers and $347 million in annual GDP. #DefendDACA
You should have never tried to undermine @realDonaldTrump. He is getting slammed daily from the left. Tennessee proud!!
So... the President wasn't taking calls?
From the Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee? During the North Korea crisis?
China surely doesn't want preemptive or retaliatory strikes just 100s of miles from its borders. China needs to remove NK leaders to avoid.
You need to listen to the congressman. You are already making us a laughing stock to the world. Time to grow up !
Thanks for working with General Kelly. Makes me feel better than Trump
Love you man!  My six grown kids and other family members stand with you Senator Corker...
Many people support President Donald J. Trump.  You may want to think about that for the upcoming election.
Why on God's earth would anyone give u slightest respect or credibility after u allowed obscene Iran deal to bypass Treaty Prov'n of Const'n
Assess your Constituents and stand with them and DON'T FORGET THE CONSTITUTION WORKS FOR US, no matter your party.
Whoop de dooo. You must feel important. How about doing something significant for the people of TN and support the President we voted for?
I can't imagine a non peaceful ending.
Good to see you two are still on speaking terms. Yet you say nothing in your tweet. @Potus got your mouth locked?
Don't let @realDonaldTrump  drag us into a war because he can't keep his act together as POTUS and wants a distraction.
Why don't you stand up and denounce trump? He's a danger to our country and you know it. #Hypocrite #SpinelessGOP
Bob,   You promised us you would serve two terms.  You announced a term limit on yourself when you were campaigning in 2006!!!! Just retire
Who cares whether u spoke to Kelly or not, you are useless !
We need to drop bomb now to prevent EMP against us.
This video could save America!!! -
hope good results, nuclear race is bad for all world
Why talk to Gen Kelly ? Were you confused as to which a$$ you needed to kiss !!
He spoke to you!? Very cordial General!!
Please, take DJT's cell phone away!  It simply is not normal to conduct negotiations via Twitter!  Stop him before he starts a war!
I was out on my waverunner on Ft. Loudon lake! Woohoo!
@realDonaldTrump 

#PresidentKelly
#primary
That's great Cork. We all feel greatly relieved, knowing that you spoke with Gen Kelly. Excellent tweet Sir.

great, how bout senators working on firing mueller and minions
We are not afraid of Trump, the majority of Tennessee stands with him and expect you Bob Corker to support our President.
Boy
No more wars. Let Asia take care of it. We need to put our war chest into our infrastructure.
Oh!! Goody! Is the "so called potus" going to continue to tweet?? Because that just make me feel so safe and confident! NOT!! #ImpeachTrump
U mean u spoke with Prez Kelly while POTUS was screaming at CNN on the tv and reading his daily file of positive propaganda?
So what you are telling us is that we should rest assured because Kelly is in charge not trump.  We hear u loud and clear bob.
And.....
And? LOL
And how is Gen. Kelly "managing" his primary focus?
And what did you find out.
Sorry senator. I'm a Tn resident and have supported you since you were mayor. But you wont support our President, I can't support you.
I am telling you of a Truth. Give all you have to the poor, if in Jesus Christ lies your faith. Leave the rest to him during this Tribulatio
I am one of your constituents. Twitter is not the proper forum for his bullshit!  You need to haul his ass out before we are destroyed!!
Appeasement?! This is a day to pray for our closest allies not insult them! Let Mattis do your tweeting for you and spare us all!
Support him stop fighting him. I'm a Tennessean if you don't support him I will not vote for you. Grow some stop bowing to the DEM's
May God be with you and the decisions you make.
Corker now is thinking which family members & friends make the cut to the bunker and which ones will be left to die

They're thinking it too
You forgot  the brief on #ToddlerInChief
his fist name is john, bob
Lol people blaming Trump fot that fat psycho in NoKo. Bwahahahaha pathetic
How many have to die before we deal with,the problem?
Will you join the GOP #DumpTrump initiative?
Senator Corker you must stand your ground on Trump!
And? You spoke with him. When have you last spoken to your constituents in a truly open forum?
Wasn't that an invite only thing??
Cool story. Trump has thrown gas on this fire. Muzzle him.
Yes Brian KJU just really started getting serious about nuclear 6-8 mos ago. Better we know what he is capable of now before 50 nukes in stk
Why? You're a #Democrat
You will need to more than this to keep @POTUS from starting a nuclear war. Please stop enabling this president!!!
KJU sends missile over Japan tests HBOMB and stated before Trump was Pres they want to attack the US and u r worried  about Trump
Yes. KJU would've gotten to this point anyway, but Trump is the wild card. Thin-skinned, impulsive, uninformed, unstable. Can't trust him.
KJU is all of those thing too, but US gov can do NOTHING about him. US gov must rein in @POTUS, which is why I tweeted 2 @senbobcorker.
And so?
While president messes w trade agreement w our ally SK & tweets threats to NK business partners. Not helpful. Brings turmoil to US & world.
The President is teasing a nuclear war and is not afraid to treat Kelly like dirt. What reality are you in?
I spoke with General Kelly this morning as POTUS and his national security team continued their work to assess the situation in North Korea.
What a guy? 
#geethanks
I did not vote for @realDonaldTrump , but we got a great "2 for 1 deal" in Gen. Kelly! Gen. Kelly has my complete confidence!
I have absolutely no respect for anything Coker has to say any longer. Im praying how. Soon our President. Will see him as he is as well...
did you gain any sense that Donald understands any of what is going on? Were there pictures and colorful diagrams for him?
How are they doing with the situation IN IRAN !!?!
Please work to only help rich whites
Well, at least you talked to the only adult in the administration.
we support POTUS, Mattis and other military leaders but NOT GOP and Dems
So you spoke to them. So what? So you're doing your job? Want a medal for that?
Usually he would just pray so it's a step
The situation in N. Korea is that a sovereign nation is going about the means to protect themselves from outside aggression.
While they are assessing, remind them that Russia and China are enabling them to be a nuclear country! Time to look at all of them!!
So let Russia and China take care of it. We need our war chest in the USA in case you haven't noticed
So you bad mouth Trump and now when something important happens you are stuck talking to Trump's Chief of Staff. 2018 can't come fast enough
Please tell us that Kelly is actually the president now?  It's ok....we all need to hear this.  Just tell us if it's true.
are we pretending he's president!?
Please put a comma.
Remind me again who is President and who is just the Chief of Staff in this White House. This is your President, do something.
he is Not serving as General. Is civilian civil worker now. Treat him that way
O.k. so you can use a telephone and have some verbal skills.....anything else?
So
Pleas tell @realDonaldTrump to remember South Korea is our ally.
Nice replies.
#nevercorkeragain
You're a traitor
He is no longer a General and should be addressed as Secretary Kelly.
https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/904364381823270912 …
Clearer every day that we have three generals running things and an incompetent man as the figurehead POTUS. What a time to be an American!
I dont feel like I can trust you to do the right thing #RINO
He's not a General. You're supposed to be the "smart" Senator. He's CoS to your boy, the Potus. Not bragging about him anymore, I see?
Was Putin at the meeting or does he get to approve US strategy later?
Ha ha ha thank you
I really, really, hope you told them that violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
A word of advice, cut @realDonaldTrump out of the loop!
Why can't the U.S.ask North Korea point blank,for their purpose or intention of having a weapon that powerful.
@lrozen His national security team?  Do you mean Twitter?
Have some balls, Senator. Call 45 out.
How can you tolerate this president??? This is insane. You wouldnt accept it from a democrat. #hypocrite
You realize Kelly isn't POTUS right?
I will so glad when he is out of office! #Mueller
Unless they hurry up he may blow us up first.
Senator Trump said "NK understands one thing". That one thing is Trump thinks he can scare everyone like contractors he beat. Blowhard.
What he has is called BALLS Something this President has compared to the previous one
Balls? The pee pee tapse? You saw it b/c there are no balls in that tape.
And...?
You are all an embarrassment - your coddling of 45 makes us all less safe.
Please get this man out of this office or we will ALL REGRET IT!
Which means you spoke with the only adult in the WH
Are you trying to figure out how to team up with Kim to defeat @POTUS ?
And....?
Your potus wants war. Deligate, negotiate. Work this out.
What situation Bob? I am like a parrot keep saying cut UN, get rid of USAID, cut State Dept! Kst lobbies you not too! Cc: #JohnKelly #Trump
Ok......
And.....???
Speaking to a dial tone doesn't make you a foreign policy player.
Shut up, you are attacking the president, you and the liberal left are the enemy
Kelly said "the president doesn't speak for the government"
