If you support this farce of a HealthCare replacement you are NOT supporting your constituents!
Ur continued support of this buffoon is a travesty. You live in a red area, but things r changing. 3000 of us marched.
#Resign  You owe us your Resignation #resign
Corker, you must be delusional to think this will lower costs.  A used car salesman wouldn't even try one on me.
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS Huckabee said it best: (paraphrased) "People don't need a tax credit next year. They need cash now."
if u don't vote against this health care bill. we the people will do our best to bring U home!
Why don't you come to #TN & discuss #Trumpcare w/ your constituents?
you support taking from the poorest citizens.. we will get very actively vote you out
You must vote NO on Thursday. This bill will leave millions without insurance. Do not push us backwards.
when is Nashville Town Hall scheduled to discuss #TrumpCare?  Ready when you are.
Seriously, how much tax cred would somone get if they only make 25k yr?  Not enough to buy insurance, that's the plan.
Tax credits do No good if you don't make enough money to survive. How about creating some jobs here in TN first
Aren't you proud  how he treated Chancellor Merkel?  Misogynist  on full display.  Traitor.
Take the profit out of the insurance companies and focus on peoples lives and their ability to live on what they make.
So @SenBobCorker @POTUS #AHCA is bad legislation.  Kill it before it hurts Americans.
#Trumpcare is a total disaster. Vote NO
lie lie lie. This president will take you down. Stand up for Tennessee
HI, can you urge Trump to resign? he's too suspicious... also please vote "no" on SRJ-18 (cruel hunting practices)
do not support this bill if your care about the poor and elderly in TN
many hard working Americans cannot "front" the money for healthcare and wait for a tax credit. Please think about that!
Agreed. But the deficit Bob. It's almost like there should be some taxes in there to cover these costs. Kinda like the ACA did
come discuss with the people of TN. That you're supposed to represent
Sn Corker, in a tweet, the real plan it to kick the sick and poor off ins. to maximize their already bloated profits.
Gutting funds for Education is beyond belief!  You need to come to our rural elementary school in TN and see the need.
On top of TRUMPCARE he now wants to gut every safety net program so he can give his rich friends and tax cut.
TRUMPCARE will be a disaster for everyone except the rich.  What is wrong with them paying their fair share?
how about formerly hardworking Americans now disabled or elderly, are you going to take that away?
If you really worked for constituents, not Insurance billionaires, we would have single payer.
GOP politicized healthcare for 7 years and built an army of strawmen that they now can't escape. You sow, you reap.
Social security/Medicare funded by separate taxes.Congress borrowed 2.6 trillion from SS -owes this to American people.
Single payer or bust
Single payer is the way to go. #Provide4TheGeneralWelfare #healthcarenotwealthcare
Thank you!  reform must make coverage reasonably available to all income levels.
Agreed. Please consider carefully. My husband and I are hard working small biz owners and rely on the ACA for coverage.
Please don't vote to take health insurance away from us.
this plan is an assault on the poor and elderly #unacceptable
For profit insurance companies are not who you want calling the shots when you're sick.
YOU KNOW COST IS NOT THE ONLY ISSUE
looks like you are voting against #Trumpcare
Fid you discuss how it will be paid for? Since it guts every aspect of funding from the ACA, or did you just decide b/c your white no need.
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS The bill needs to die.
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS hope will not be enough ...
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS
@ImpactDemocracy @POTUS
stop taking money from health care!!!  We need a hero not another "tin man".Tax credits mean nothing. Pay ur fair share
If it isn't affordable for Tennesseans, will you vote no?
but what about disabled folks that are unable to work & don't make enough to pay income tax?  Are they just screwed?
get rid of tax credits and per capita block grant to states for mcaid and high risk pools....state manages plan
What about people who do not make enough to file income tax?
Tax credits do not help those in real need. You forgot to mention the huge tax breaks for wealthy.
Their parents didnt abort them at birth but now their gov will leave them to die.
What about disabled children who transition to adulthood and need constant health care?
what percentage of one's income should be spent on health ins. To be affordable?
How did it feel to talk to a corrupt, narcissistic liar? How does it feel to support him?
.@SenBobCorker @POTUS No to tax credits. Health insurance isnt a right its a orivaledge. If 1 wants employer paid Benes then go 2 work for 1
I work. Have worked since I was 19. I am 54 and I am going to pay astronomical premiums if this goes thru.
or have a rich father. That works well too.
That's called #Obamacare
the first major cut in spending is on the tax assistance for premiums. It's not even being hidden. It's a fact.
It lowers the gov't cost by forcing off old people and poor people. The AHCA is bad legislation. Stop supporting it.
I have no doubt it will be a dumpster fire like the current proposal...with just as many tax breaks 4 rich. Shame.
But elderly, poor, and 50-64 okay to still get the shaft? TrumpCare puts us in worse shape. Repair ACA don't repeal!
Cost lowers ONLY after the risk pool is covering young and healthy since elderly and poor can't afford. Read CBO!
Good
Also it shouldn't allow people who will get treated in emergency rooms to be #freeloaders. Must have individual mandate
WRONG
Just because we don't buy tyrannical ind mand health ins
does not mean we get free care/free load
Yea, it does a wonderful job of getting 24 million people off healthcare... THAT'S MURDER.
Trump has the attention span of a dog who has just seen a squirrel, you may as well talk to my dog.
We notice you now use "should" under cost.  What happened to the more positive "will"?  Giving up already?
and if they aren't addressed you can cite that "you tried" and vote for the bill anyway?
Thank you @SenBobCorker! I know u r working hard for the American People!
cute that you endow him with capability for reason or empathy. He couldn't care less about hard working people.
