Learn who you put you in that House!  Country or party? You choose!
Shhhhh... is anybody gonna tell Kat that Corker is in the SENATE not the House???  
No... you said three HOUSES IN ALL and asked me to name them.There are two Houses, but the correct usage is Senate
"usage"? A bit vernacular don't you think?
Nope.  Vernacular is colloquial language.  I'm an English teacher.
As a constituent, the majority of our state voted for President Trump. Support him NOW or you'll be out of a job come 11/18!!
SICK of RINOS!
Get your head out of CNN &THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA  aSS HOLEand pay attention to the FACTS!!
We've lost respect for you - bc you've been putting party over country & standing with Trump. You will not get reelected if u stand by him.
You're in the minority of TN constituents, Brandy. Corker will be out of a job if he DOESN'T support the President. And that's a FACT!
Why should he? The president isn't supporting us. He's lying, obstructing investigations and doesn't give a damn about anyone but himself.
Lol...you've drunk too much liberal cook-aid & watch way to much fake news.
Trump has mishandled classified information and obstructed justice. Please do the right thing.
Denise, Trump had every right to do what he did w CI! Obstruction, please legally define and give evidence how he obstructed ? Oh you can't!
"whoever . . . . corruptly or by threats or force, or by any threatening letter or communication, influences, obstructs, or impedes, or ...
"... endeavors to influence, obstruct, or impede, the due administration of justice, shall be (guilty of an offense)." Dunno. Seems a fit.
You're welcome.
wow Sandy ur way out there if u think that fits
Actually, I did say, "seems like it fits." So I guess that's me being "way out there."
You've done nothing but obstruct this Republican President and the people in Tennessee will remember You!
#shameful
#MAGA
This president has repeatedly derided Republicans.  He hijacked the party.  He's an interloper.  A true RINO
The establishment is corrupt and people like Corker have made it worse! Corker has thrown this President under the bus.
Be a hero, not a RINO. Support President Trump! 
Treason much?
Read the statement.  It's clear. Stop politicizing the investigation
Statement from Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein on decision to appoint a special counsel to oversee Russia probe: 
Except that things changed today, didn't they?  It's really clearer now,  but maybe not in the way you imagined
I wasn't surprised by Rosentein's admission re letter about Comey.  There were enough 'hints' that he was part of some hatchet job.
oops, Rosenstein
how much money do we have to spend on the same answers? He is guilty of not being a professional politician!!!
It the right move. Let's get to the bottom of Trump/Russia and the Comey issue.
There IS NO ISSUE! He's guilty of NOTHInG! NO evidence. Smoke & mirrors from Dems &  leftist media.
Great, nothing to worry about then. It will all come out in the wash.
#MAGA. Voters are watching very closely.
No, you see, I just don't believe in "guilty until proven otherwise".  Our country isn't(never has been) based on that.
My apologies, I thought you were a grown up worthy of a response.  Now I see you're not.  Name callers lose my respect
We demand you investigate Obama and Hillary as well.
Triage.  Neither Obama nor HRC are currently POTUS.  Current situation takes precedence
Right! So Obama or HRC shouldn't be investigated? Let's just wrap it all up at one time. Investigate all three. Don't waste money
Senator Corker.....I'm so disappointed in you as my Senator! You tuck and run way too often!
Agreed!  As far as I'm concerned, you Senator Corker and Govenor Haslam need to go home.
Yes, because Congress wouldn't do its job! Support this investigation. Get Trump out.
Senator corker has our senator my family is very disgusted and done with you just another fake Russian story just gonna spend taxpayersmoney
I'm sorry Joyce, but I have a basic coherency threshold and this post doesn't meet it.
Today Trump outs Israel as the source for Intel he shared w enemy Russia. WTF?! DO SOMETHING.
He is mentally UNFIT for office. IMPEACH
You Republicans really need to stand by Trump. You have the House, Senate, and the President but the Dems are running the show
Yes, GOP, stand by Trump all the way to getting voted out in 2018.
Yes we all noticed how well the Dems are doing over the last 8 years in the house and senate
Extremely disappointed you bailed so quickly on the President.  Where is your loyalty to the American people's decision to elect him? Shame
You've heard this before, but the majority of Americans picked someone else. I for one am glad to see some semblance of concern here.
Perception is your reality. Just because you believer it, doesn't mean it's the truth. No proof, 0, that Trump colluded with Russia. 0
That's what investigations are FOR... you are confusing "investigation" and "prosecution."  No crime=No prob
Question all u want. It's done and won't be undone until it's over. Get on the right side of this. Now.
Why don't you investigate Hillary,  Russia and 20% of our uranium? Big mistake if you backstab Trump. We are you. #MAGA  #votethebumsout
Forget it, you can't change it. Show you represent Tennessee and assist the Special Counsel. It may save your seat.
Here's your Howard Baker moment! Don't let it pass you by!
More like "Benedict Arnold" moment.
Curious - what is it about him you like? What has he ever done for anyone except himself or his family? Truly trying to understand.
Trying to give him chance to do the right thing-not hopeful, miracles can happen like 2day w/mueller
Corker is a sell-out he's not standing with President Trump vote him out
This is an incredible waste of time and resources for NOTHING and you are just perpetuating this debacle. Very sad. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
The extreme Leftist attack ag. the President, based on a phony 'Russia scandal', makes a mockery of America in eyes of the world.
Thank you for your support on this issue.
Remember when Trump told the entire world our nuclear launch response time? Oh wait... that was Hillary Clinton.
I heard you were bashing our President. Please tell me this is false. I do expect you to stand with him and with the people of Tennessee.
Innocent until proven guilty, but this is a #witchhunt. Let's demand a special prosecutor on Hilary Clinton bcz she did committed crimes.
I sure hope that you are standing with our president
Took obstruction of justice before you mildly spoke out against the Trump administration #toolate #shame #shame #shame
Please tell me that you are not remotely suggesting that an independent counsel should not have been appointed?!? #enoughisenough
Obstruction of justice is an impeachable offense, please don't just toe the party line..
Why aren't standing up for trump trump voter's know this is all fake Russian news story's enough of this work for us in Tennessee #sethrich
Listen, this isn't about  Trump-RUSSIA intruding on our elections, it about our GOVERNMENT intruding on our elections.  #government leakers.
How much will you make off sp pros?  Since making money is all you worry about.
Make sure it doesnt interfere with your insider trading
two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher & Trump,” McCarthy (R-Calif.) said. record of 06/15/16 exchange, verified by Wash Post.
Stop grandstanding and reduce high corporate tax rates so the economy can grow
You know something is wrong. Rosenstein already explained. Pay attention Corker. Country over party
Poor dumb southerners think voting republican is good for them.
I certainly hope you start standing up and supporting our president. I am one of your constituents and I am disappointed in your stance.
There have been neither FACTS nor EVIDENCE presented to the public about Russia links. You are a weak RINO, change your party affiliation.
 you go!
we look forward to you speaking out forcefully about the disaster that we have in the whitehouse..."downward spiral" is a good start
Make sure you keep up your insider trading as one that lives in Tennessee we are all taking about a recall you work for the dems not us
Get on the right side of this, @SenBobCorker.  Appointment is a good thing, and Mueller has background to investigate properly.
http://tntel.tnsos.org 

& you can check out 1,000s of eBooks, audiobook,& magazines w/ your local TN library card through READS.
2 days ago #SpecialCounsel
We have a right to a secure future including physical safety as well as financial. Not to mention drama free. U just love hating. Sad :(
I hope you choose country over party, sir.
Best thing that could happen for your constituents. We knew our country cares about the constitution!
I stand with Pres Trump.  Obama and the Dems are making us look foolish on the world stage.  IF U R against Trump U loose my vote. Period
The American people want to know the truth.
Shame on all the GOP in congress that didn't stand up for our President! You all have failed the American people! We will drain the swamp!!
Stick with your own party and stop going against your own party, just like @SenMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC
You need to NOT BELIEVE all the FAKE NEWS!!! Stick behind our President before the lefties bring him down!
Special Investigation best thing to happen.  Get everything out so Country can move forward regardless of findings.  #CountryOverParty
REPUBLICANS ARE WEASELS that are allowing the LIBERALS TO SABATOGE OUR PRESIDENT WE VOTED FOR.
Zip code 37405 here; I think appointment is the right decision.
you should give him a hearty handshake!
You're a COWARD. Sir!
u r a traitor to this president and country
Country over party! This is a step in the right direction
How about appointing a prosecutor to look into your business activities? How's your effort at destroying the US housing market going?
Didn't he just testify that he had all the resources he needed?
I am sure that my actions will exonerate me.  I'm the best...ever.
Waste of time,$$;makes us FURIOUS that we didn't get #SpecialCounsel for #Obama #IRS #FastAndFurious #ClintonFoundation #Email #Benghazi ...
Republicans are making me sick.  A bunch of yellow bellied cowards.
I wish you would look forward to defending the President against fake news attacks!!
cnn mc cain    cnbc corker msnbc graham   fake gop
Hey, he did what the senate should have done long ago!
Ask him why he did not direct him- in the memo - to specifically investigate criminal leaks
I can give you the reason because you and the Democrats have fucked it all up.
Give Republican politicians something good in an election and you can bet your ass they will fuck it up.
You're just pissed because you don't have insider info to profit off of? How much does #wellsfargo @wellsfargo pay to betray your Country?
Cool. Nice update.
