she's good for grizzly bear jokes and that's about it.
we are not the butt of the joke here
our children deserve better than her. Shame on you for ignoring your constituents back here. #Unqualified
I shall donate to the campaign of your opponent in the 2018 race for your Senate seat because you voted to confirm DeVos.
.@SenBobCorker I shall donate to the campaign of your opponent in the 2018 race for your Senate seat because you voted to confirm DeVos.
pretty hard to believe you had any support for confirming her, all I see is angry voters!!!
I think you've helped swing more democrats and independents to show up at the polls 2018 - THANK YOU!
The only reason she got the position is the money she donates to the GOP.  We will remember in 2018 and vote i out
Your state has one of the best ed schools in the country. I don't know a single person there who supported her. Try listening?

you are up for reelection in 2018 and the people will not forget your disgraceful vote for @BetsyDeVos
you must not have listened to all the teachers that wrote  you to vote no on DeVos. Shameful! You have lost a vote
I am confident you will not serve another term in office as a result of your vote on DeVos #DumpDevos
you can be confident that you will face angry voters, here in Tennessee, the next time you are up for re-election
That's interesting because millions of teachers, parents, and children know that she is not qualified. #disgrace
you sold Tennessee out with your vote.
that's a load of BS. How much she pay you?
We've already established what you are. Who knew you were so easy to buy?
look forward to donating to your 2018 opponent. - Davidson County property owner
.@SenBobCorker I cannot wait to vote you out. You and @SenAlexander have shown you are tone deaf to constituents.
I think they forget who they actually work for. Crazy politics
we just can't let them forget.
say goodbye to that comfy seat in 2018 ur gone can't count on u to protect our kids bye bye piggie
don't see anyone on here agreeing with you. Good luck next election #probablyshould listen.
I can't wait until 2018 when I (and other Tennesseans) have the opportunity to vote you out.
You are spineless, bought and paid for by unqualified fool @BetsyDeVos

I am confident that GOP is selling our childrens' education to the highest bidder @BetsyDeVos 
You hit the nail on the head!!!! #suchdisgrace
You sir have show your utter lack of intelligence to be MY Senator... #NotmySenator
Totally unqualified and conflict of interest. You just lost a supporter. #whodoyouworkfor?
Your job is to work for us. We hired you. We will fire you. Listen to your constituency. How many from TN said support/reject?
I said reject reject. Let's just vote him out. It's way dirty pol
You know better. Your legacy will die with the already crippled TN public school systems. What a disappointment to your voters
our children deserve better. You have absolutely lost a vote for your reelection.
So excited to be a Tennessee native so I can vote you out of office! You do NOT have children in mind voting for @BetsyDeVos
sad to see your vote on @BetsyDeVos. Tennessee's kids deserve better and someone invested in making public schools great again
Tenneseeans are not confident. She is not qualified. Be ashamed and start packing. #NoonDeVos #NoCorker2018
You went for her. Guess it's time to elect someone else who will listen and knows better.
Beyond disappointed to see you vote for DeVos. Our children deserve better, and we will remember this during election time.
As a teacher I will do everything in my power to fight what she and you are doing to our students. You should be ashamed.
Glad I moved out of a state with such a spineless coward. Enjoy your personal enrichment while it lasts.
I am more than disappointed in your vote.  I will remember it when you are up for reelection.
and I am confident I will be voting against you in the 2018 midterms. DeVos is not a good choice for TN, let alone the US.
2018 we will remember
Please do not support incompetence in the cabinet. You lose my vote if you vote to confirm @BetsyDeVos
extremely dissapointed in seeing this...
as a parent of public school kids in Memphis I am so deeply disappointed in your decision to support @BetsyDeVos
Please vote NO on DeVos. I've worked with students from for-profit schools and that is NOT the way to go
how much did she pay you, senator? How much does selling your constituents down the river cost?
Your vote will help to convince teachers to vote Democratic next election.
You can't possibly believe that. Better to do the right thing than the party thing. You'll be able to sleep at night.  Try it!
and how exactly are you confident of that? Because she has money? She certainly doesn't have experience! #growabackbone
vote no no no Tennessee voter
IDEA protects our kids.  DeVos won't commit to enforcing it across the board. #protectourkids #DontConfirmDeVos
Please do the right thing. She is unqualified. Don't play politics with our kids' future. #putourkidsfirst #DontConfirmDeVos
if you vote yes it is proof that you have no desire to listen to your constituents. Pack your bags
She's unqualified. #VoteNoDevos & leave post open for well-qualified candidate with Ed PhD & experience. #TNvoter
she has no experience with special needs students and will not be an advocate for them
She bought her way into this role and I know you know that. #NoonDeVos
pretty disappointed that you chose not to support teachers in your state.
"hundreds from her alma mater...signed a scathing open letter last month saying she is "not qualified for the position."
would you want incompetent theocrat @BetsyDeVos in charge of your children's education policies? #partyovercountry
,NoOnDevos, who is the number 1 opponent of public education.
NO she has made it clear to us parents of children with disabilities.This is my Son. RESPECT IDEA.
Absolutely not. She is in no way qualified. I am confident I will be voting against ou next November.
NO! @BetsyDeVos will not do any of that! She's horribly unqualified! Please please please vote #noDevos, for the sake of kids.
Bob you're NOT listening to the voters. I'm taking your number out of my contacts.
Our children deserve better. Every child deserves an equal chance to attain an education.
Proud? Confident? She didn't know what IDEA was. No real ed advocate would neglect such knowledge. #NoonDeVos
I am confident 2018 will come really soon and good luck then
, @POTUS mocked the disabled while campaigning and now nominates @BetsyDeVos, total ignorant of IDEA. Don't you see? #NoonDeVos
your constituents will be confident that you took money from @BetsyDeVos to destroy their public schools. #FactCheck
Betsy DeVos is an inappropriate choice for Education Secretary #supportpublicschools #noDevos
Have you been listening to your constituents who are parents, teachers, and students?
I implore you to release the count numbers your offices have received for and against @BetsyDeVos #YouWorkForUs #DumpDevos
DeVos is wrong for TN and she's wrong for America. Please vote NO.  doesn't equal qualifications. Don't sell your vote.
No she won't!!! Block her please!!!
She is unqualified, you are throwing away our childrens quality of education because of her donations.
NO to Betsy....we want fully funded PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
DeVos is wholly unqualified TN children who rely on public ed need you to stand & vote NO #NoonDeVos #nopay2play
you have a chance to do the right thing. be courageous, and be on the right side of history. #NoonDeVos
Sir, I beg of you:  reconsider your position. Betsy DeVos is ill-informed on IDEA & generally unqualified.  Vote NO.
, @BetsyDeVos is not qualified. Your constituents have spoken. It's your turn to listen. Vote "no" on DeVos.
NO, no she wont and rural America can not afford 1 penny redirected from their schools to charters. Devastating!
to destroy public education. This will be on your head. She is not qualified.
We won't forget. Neither will your base. You aren't listening to TN. 2018 - You are out! #NotoDeVos
this is a terrible decision on your part.
what in the hell? You clearly care nothing for parents or students 
I hope the brown on your nose is worth it
Most incompetent nominee ever.This is a classic example of Party and Money before country,even worse before kids
then you have absolutely no clue Senator. How much money did she have to give you so you would sell out? Shameful
BS u liar!
... please don't support @BetsyDeVos ... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gFlPlLCEXnY …
, her influence in Michigan has hurt the school system. She has no experience in public schools. I'm more qualified.
They will remember you as one who ruined the educations and lives of over 50 million children. History will remember you.
I have not come across a single teacher that supports her. Don't go down on the wrong side of history.
Absolutely not, Senator. People voted you in for you to listen to them. Now listen to them. People are talking.
@SenAlexander Please, please hear us. This nominee is wrong on so many levels. Please do right by your fellow Tennesseans.
Absolutely not. As an educator, a mother, and your constituent, I want you to vote No. Listen to my voice.
NO she won't
#NotoDeVos
don't you get Trump will throw you and anybody under the bus at the drop of a hat? Seventy yrs of not paying debts
then you aren't paying attention to the overwhelming evidence against her from teachers and former students.
I raised public school kids..One is a doctor, the other an env scientist. You're going to screw kids like them.
Senator, please listen to your TN voters. Devos is completely unqualified for Education secretary. Vote no.
Then you have been fooled.The nation is watching as you put political favoritism before the future of our children
please change your mind and vote No. She doesn't understand IDEA & http://Fed.fund  equal for private and public school

no she will not. She is unfit to run our public school system. You obviously know nothing about education.
Sad statement from a public school grad. You are misguided. Listen to TN constituents not big money & DC insiders. #DumpDevos
is not qualified to do anything in education, let alone lead it. VOTE NO!
get your hand out of sand- do the right thing.  How much did she give you?
NO SHE WON'T. I am TNvoter; my son is a TNeducator. WE VOTE & we know @BetsyDeVos is unqualified! Do the right thing, sir: NO!
as a TN voter, I say VOTE NO!!! #DumpDevos
Further privatization will devastate Tennessee schools. Reject DeVos
Please vote NO on @BetsyDeVos. There is still time for you to make the right call for your constituents and your country.
you believe in privatization for profit on #youth2030 but #againstpopulism #EducationPlan17 okay #clockstartsnow
answer questions with yes or no answers?
please vote NO on her. How can you say she will serve us when she has no experience, is ok w guns in schools,& cant directly
You were not elected to decide what is best for us but to serve us, to be our voice in Washington. Vote 4 BD I'll not vote4u.
NO! NO! NO!
it should be illegal to give tax payer's money to private institutions.
this is NOT a partisan issue.  As a mother to school age children I am disappointed in you and @SenAlexander
what about special needs students?! They deserve better than your money bought partisan vote.
... reasons for your support. Not just opinions. FACTS. Not #alternativefacts actual work Ms. DeVos has done.
I clicked on your link thinking there would actually be more. As a constituent of yours, I would like SPECIFIC...
the children of this country need a better choice. Vote no
DeVos is the worse possible choice!! A vote for her will hurt the Republican Party..
The only people she serves are Republicans (how much did you get?) She HAS paid dearly for this position...

As a graduate from public schools in TN and as a retired principal of a public TN school I cannot support DeVos.
Sir, I do not share your confidence.  As a TN Voter, I ask you to NOT approve Betsy Devos, she is not the right choice!
NO NO NO NO NO.  Please listen to your constituents.  She is not our choice!
is unqualified for any position of authority over education whatsoever, please vote NO on DeVos.
Will not serve the thousands of Tennessee kids with disabilities. #noDevos #StopDevos
your confidence is misplaced. Voters do not agree. Majority does not agree. Don't be on wrong side of history.
you are wrong about Betsy DeVos! He will run for reelection someday!!
and you will run for re-election someday!!
As a student and as a constituent I will not be voting for your re-election solely based on this decision.
Bob heard the confirmation hearings and if still votes yes on DeVos, then we voters must hold him accountable!
I am confident you will eradicate public if you vote yes! DeVos is not qualified for this position!! Vote NO!!!
She does not have the experience to run a PTO much less head a dept.
It is time for you to listen to the thousands and thousands of bipartisan educators and parents that disagree.
your vote for confirmation will begin dumbing down America.  And it will be remembered.
I want to thank you for not returning calls and for not listening to your constituents....2018 is coming soon!!!
DeVos is unqualified! She is wrong for the education system in America! #VoteNoDevos
She has no experience in public ed and has ruined the education of many in Michigan with her failing charters!
I'm not. And I'm actually someone w/ public school kids, not a senator getting paid for a vote.
I am in your district. Zip 37737. NO TO DEVOS.
a vote for DeVos is a vote against the students of America
Reply to @SenBobCorker @BetsyDeVos She is the worst candidate I have ever heard.  She does not know how to do the job, VOTE NO. #VoteNoDevos
Senator- There has been enough of a delay with the cabinet picks. Can we please get the cabinet in place ASAP!? TY
WOW apparently you are not looking at your twitter feed or listening to Tennessee!!!! #NotoDeVos
Betsy DeVos is an extraordinary selection for Education Sec. She is the leader needed in that department!
I am confident she will monetize students and use the office for her own ends, not to serve American children.
How much did Betsy DeVos buy Bob Corker for???
vote no.
NO to DeVos!!!! You aren't listening but we are listening to you & will remember when it is time to vote!
Seriously, @SenBobCorker?! It's impossible to get through from all the  you're getting from pple asking that you vote against @BetsyDeVos
The people are watching to see who will stand up for what is right. Not follow like a sheep. You are showing us
Your teachers know she'll muck things up with her lack of experience and knowledge. Vote no. Stop drinking the kool aid.
#sad

shame on you for voting against the best interests of children to fill a crony's pocketbook. Devos is a crook.
Money trumps qualifications and cronyism rules.
I know you're heard from tons of your constituents and I'm beyond disappointed that you're still supporting her
Your voicemails are full-I'm betting not with calls of support for DeVos.  You need to listen to us in TN and vote #NotoDeVos
She is the wrong choice for our public schools. I have called and tweeted many times urging you to vote "no."
No Way Senator.... you are incredibly wrong and misinformed. Vote no on DeVos.
couldn't disagree more. Showed complete disregard for nomination hearing by not preparing. Bad for TN. Vote no.
as a Tennessean and a student in the public school system vote NO. Vote for TN not for the GOP
will not be good for education-only serving those who wish to profit off our children. Please vote No! 37043
You've lost my vote
please pay attention and listen to you constituents and VOTE NO.
and when you say that, you mean support only the richest. #Unqualified Vote no on DeVos!
As the mother of a special needs student- NO on DeVos
#DumpDevos check her purse first
is unqualified. Thousands of your constituents across party lines are opposed. Listen to them.
she is supremely unqualified. Stop supporting your party and support your voters. We will remember this! 
this candidate is not supported by teachers or the  general public.   Do not sell your vote .   Rep the people
you will forever be remembered as an unfavorable senator in the history books. Oh wait, those won't exist anymore. #noDeVos
You have NO idea what you are talking about! When was the last time you were in school 1868? Wake up. Enjoy your last term!
I am confident that you are not listening to your constituents and it will show at the polls #nodevos
Ur constituents disagree & many of us are working 2 see you are not re-elected
Our children deserve better! Be a voice for them and vote no to Devos! #noDevos
.@SenBobCorker @BetsyDeVos is a bad choice for Sec of Ed. Poor performance at hearing. Lack of knowledge in any facet of public education.
As your constituent, it distresses me to say that I don't believe you. You know she is unqualified. Show some courage.
I have taken the DeVos pledge: If you vote to confirm, you will vote against their reelection and donate to their opponent.
no! Vote no to Betsy DeVos!
I am confident I will not be voting for you in 2018.
Have you been listening to your constituents? We've been calling and emailing you to ask (beg) that you reconsider and vote NO
Can't seem to get you to hear your constituents otherwise  so lets try this: Vote NO on #GrizzlyBetsyDeVos. She is UNQUALIFIED
Then you must've hit your head on something! She is the least qualified person ever to be nominated!
