How many of those Tennesseans' health care are you about to take away?  #AHCA
Both of you are a disaster for Tennessee. Piney Flats Tn. Resident
Did you tell them you would be voting later today to curb their access to affordable healthcare? #VoteNoRepeal
The ACA affordable?  What a joke.
Get lost, bot.
U are the one who is lost govt servant.
Just equated me to a post carrier. Brilliant.
No, they get paid, I compared u to an indentured servant.
Try harder, little bot.
No need to waste time with a leftist;  they present no intellectual challenge.
"Hi folks. Did you hear we are soulless cowards who voted to move forward with plans to rip away healthcare from our most vulnerable?"
Do CT Senators do that? I don't think so they have their own agenda. #TERMLIMITS
Repeal is the only way to forward progress. Obamacare was never a plan for ALL.
Be ashamed! Both of you could have voted no on the MTP. Instead you both chose your party over Tennesseeans. We will remember.
Two RINOS
But you didn't hold one town hall in TN on health care before voting today to proceed with a secretive,unfair and destructive process.Shame!
Work on healthcare...  not PR!
Please vote no today. Lives depend on it.
When do working families matter? Obamacare has destroyed our health ins options and available care and we pay dearly for nothing!
Dead Tennesseans can't go to DC for photo ops. Shoulda thought about that before you both voted against the health care bill.
Neat. Did you tell them you don't care if they die from a treatable illness due to cost?
I will also enjoy voting YES to take away healthcare from millions. Not sure why Tennesseans are so surprised.
This is my sister. She is your constituent. She has cerebral palsy and needs guaranteed health care. Do right by her.
"Hey young lady, we are stripping away your healthcare later today, now smile for the cameras."   #NoRepeal  VOTE NO ON MTP!
Where is your goofy statement on this bill you are voting for today, yet have no idea what's in it?
If you can't stand up for our most vulnerable in TN then you have no business calling yourself a United Stated Senator! @GOP #KillTheBill


You and Senator Alexander are men without conscious. Voting to repeal #ACA for your mean and undefined #trumpcare bill is wrong. Shame.
See you on Election Day
And then you voted to move one step closer to taking away their healthcare.  #ThanksBob #ThanksLamar
We would've enjoyed it if you'd done your job today instead of screwing us.
We see how you will vote, I cannot wait to show you how I will vote as well!
Don't hurt the people that put you in office, because they're the same ones that can vote you out. Don't please Crump the people that count
Corker is up for reelection 2018. And we can vote to repeal him!
Did you tell them you are screwing them out of healthcare and giving your friends a tax break. I figure you would brag about it
Hey Senator Corker & Senator Alexander, here's the debate: #KillTheBill or #killyourconstituents ? What will it be?
We the people ask you to vote no today work with the democratic to improve the health care
Right. Gotta have Tennesseans come to you since you won't come talk to us. Y'all are killin it*

*Tennesseans  

VOTE NO
Vote NO on this terrible health care bill.  Your constituents are watching!
Don't betray your constituents by taking away their healthcare! VOTE NO! Your offices don't even know what bill is being voted on!
Country over party! Tennesseeans need you to #ProtectOurCare! Vote not on the MTP! We're depending on both of you to be leaders!
Vote No on repeal of ACA which would leave 22million w/o insurance and No on BCRA leaving 13 mill w/o insurance.
Vote no on repeal of obamacare
Senator Corker, your phone lines have been busy for two days—I hope you understand the value of free contraception for family planning.
Destroy the ACA and bring on the free markets.
Please don't vote to take away healthcare from Americans today.
Do right by the people. People over party, over politics. #KillTheBill because people will suffer & die needlessly if you don't. @Tennessean
Vote No on this hidden health bill #KillTheBill
Hoping we can trust both of you to put our needs over that of party & the psychic free-fall of #PublicServant45. #SaveACA #VoiceMailFull
Did you also take their healthcare away?
Please REPRESENT these constituents in the upcoming healthcare vote. #VoteNo #SaveACA
VOTE "NO" ON #OBAMACARE REPEAL. Your constituents are counting on you!
I too hope you use the occasion of meeting your fellow Tennesseans to stop this healthcare debacle. Proceeding is incompetent at best
Continuing the ACA is economic suicide.

Bob, Bob, Bob. There you go once again. Having breakfast with poorly represented constituents.Get some cahones & start article 25 proceedure
YOU TWO - yes you! Vote no on further discussion on repealing ACA before replacing. Majority of Americans want ACA tweaked and not gone.
They didn't vote that way did they?

And please vote no on this health care Bill; we need a plan, no cuts to Medicaid at all. Bi-part work and real fixes please. Thank you!
Just in time to tell them you are hours away from stripping their health insurance from them.
Vote NO on this healthcare bill. You don't even know which one it is. Tennessee wants a no in the vote!!!
Vote no today! Your constituents lives are literally on the line.
Why can't you do the right thing and vote NO on repeal?
Why do U favor destroying families that cannot afford the ACA?
Our you going to enjoy taking away their healthcare! You're YES on repeal without replacement is evil. #Corrupt
good work @SenBobCorker We need more of you and less of others !!
You both owe it to the very constituents you met to #VoteNo, and to the 20+ mill Americans left without healthcare if #Trumpcare passes
Did you tell them about your upcoming vote to gut Medicaid and allow MILLIONS in the US to lose insurance? #VoteNo
Please senator Corker, Vote NO today against this devastating bill!! My life, like so many others, depends on our healthcare system. Fix it!
Please vote NO on the MTP today. Please do not play with the healthcare of millions.
Did you break it to them that you are going to cancel their health coverage? Shameful. #VoteNOtoday
They are not cancelling anyone's coverage.  Govt kills healthcare.
Vote NO on this healthcare bill that we have no info about!
#VoteNoMTP 

Don't be a yes man, Bob. Return to regular order and figure out something that actually helps more than it hurts.
Traitorous @SenateGOP has betrayed USA, Americans, oath to defend Constitution against all enemies foreign AND domestic! Not fit for office!
Just remember how many of us will be around and voting during your reelection, Senator Corker. History will remember this decision.
I am sure that he is really concerned by the small number of Dems still in the state.
His vote is going to hurt tons of his Republican base. They will realize he betrayed them and will vote him out.
How are they going to be hurt by having lower costs and choice in health care?
Did you look the citizens of #TN and smile as you plan to cut their healthcare? #NoTrumpCare
There was the @GOP.  Now, there's the #TrumpGOP.  Senators would be wise to figure out which they are and be that. NO on #Trumpcare.
A dear friend & Chattanoogan whose son has CF was there last wk. You gave her no chance to share concern about #BCRA. Photo op? Meaningless.
We saw how you treated this mom. And we will remember her and her son when we vote. Shame on both of you. #eastTNresist @indivisible_tn
Vote no!
Vote no on MTP.   Be a leader for good, not complicit in taking away health  care for a minimum of 22 mil people.  Represent Tennesseans!
I trust you brought them up to date on this.
What are we voting to proceed on today? No options even fix the ACAs problems, they make it worse. Vote no. Start a bipartisan bill.
Don't want single payer.
Democrats & find solutions. Obamacare does need work, and I am begging you to lead your 98 colleagues by working together. We matter.
If @SenateGOP gave a damn about their oath, country, health care of Americans vs. @GOP treasonous @POTUS - why not once offer FEHB for us?
To my Senators: Please vote no today. I have a nephew whose life could end w/o constant coverage. Instead please get in the weeds with 1/2
Please oppose the MTP. Do not repeal the ACA. Repair the ACA to save millions from despair. #KillRepeal #KillTheBill
.@SenBobCorker Working with the Obama administration to hand over the #housing market to the #TBTF banksters. #FannieGate
Yeah, great. Now about this unhealthcare bill.....
Senator I asked you a question yesterday about how do senator become millionaires on a government salary are you going to answer
What did you have for breakfast? Did they serve you something you didn't recognize? Did you eat it? Did you question it? Did you refuse it?
Hope you're thinking about their common, shared need for reliable, affordable high quality heathcare!
I hope you will vote to protect those same constituents- VOTE NO on motion to proceed and any other healthcare votes today. VOTE NO
Did you tell them you will probably vote today to destroy their HC? Did you ask if they worked HC so you knew if you cost them their jobs?
@SenateGOP wants to end #ACA because they've been required by law to use it for their health insurance vs. previous 250 plan FEHB program!
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
Did u tell them u were voting to take healthcare from 20M+ people today? I cant wait to vote against you in the next elections
Did you tell them you are going to take away their health coverage if you don't #VoteNoMTP ?
Why do I support low quality, high cost care?
Did you tell them you are preparing to take away healthcare from thousands of Tennesseans?
Repeal and don't replace
Did they ask why you would proceed on a vote for an unknown bill?
