Senator, please explain why cutting taxes for people with >$300k annual income is more important than health insurance for 22M Americans.
We want total repeal of Obamacare...no subsidies, no mandates.  Free market. It's what the GOP promised.
How will every senator have their voice heard when the whole process is done behind closed doors?
This bill is dead now... but you indicated your support for throwing 600,000 Tennesseans off coverage. Sad!
You're a monster who will be known for murdering kids with cancer. That will be your legacy.
#no repeal #fixit #Savemedicaid
Do NOT vote for this bill!!!
May ur name be forever associated with this bill, created specifically to give money  to the rich and kill the poor. May u lose ur job.
Hey Bob- what don't you like about this chart ?????  Pls answer me.
Senator, a vote for this bill is a vote to kill thousands of Americans, to benefit nobody but the rich. Remember your oath. Don't do it.
anything would be better than what we have. Very risky decicion you made. You're up for re-election in 2018. Think you screwed the pooch
I can't wait to donate and vote for your primary opponent.  So looking forward to unseating a RINO.
Millions of people will not be covered! If I can pay my share to contribute to country, so can the wealthy! People over Politics!!
As a TN citizen, completely repeal Obamacare.
VOTE NO on REPEAL of #ACA! Work to fix #ACA!
Why should I trust you when you won't be covered by the same rules?  If it's not good enough for you why is it good enough for me?
May the ghosts of the dead children you helped kill haunt ur dreams.
Taking healthcare away from those that need it & giving that & to Rich & Corporations is NOT a 'good direction'
Please repeal Obamacare.


The direction it was headed meant more than 600,000 Tennesseans would have lost coverage. Sad that you caved.
Repeal now or the voters will speak
Two of my colleagues here in Nash are losing Ins co this yr. PASS THE BILL! @SenAlexander @SenateMajLdr
I'm pretty sure there is nothing in the constitution allowing you to take my money to pay for another's healthcare. It's just not in there
You can go live in the wilderness then you won't have to worry about it.
You were wrong then and you still are. Tennessee needs a Senator who will fight for all of us.
Repeal Obamacare now... Vote YES TRUMP CARE !!
Meet my first granddaughter Everly. Born with interrupted aortic arch. She survived 18 days. Other babies need you to vote NO on WealthCare.
Did u read it or did your team? How much did Big Pharma pay u? #Trumpcare is bad for the American people! #VoteNO on #Deathcare #Wealthcare
Vote for the the people you are supposed to represent. Not your party. You know voting against this bill is the moral thing to do.
I am so grateful to those that stood up for what is right and healthy for our country and did not cave to peer pressure. Praise the Lord.
Shame on you. How many Tennessean will die if Trumpcare get passed? You work for your constituents, take care of them and not party.
“It is simply unworkable in any form and would undermine ... pre-existing ...conditions, increase premiums and lead to ... terminations ...”

The Senate Health Care Bill Is So Bad Republicans Want an Exemption for Congress http://joy105.com/index.php/2017/07/14/the-senate-health-care-bill-is-so-bad-republicans-want-an-exemption-for-congress/ … #MitchMcConnell #TrumpCare

1. Patient advocates + clinical groups are again condemning the Senate healthcare bill.

The American Hospital Association: "Unacceptable." 
http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/13/health-insurance-lobbying-group-blasts-provision-in-gop-health-bill.html …

Here is your public mistake: What is working today is working. Keep the @gop   budget committee honest & pay the reimbursements & ACA works.
The one in place today has been great for most, a problem for some.  That is why repeal should be off table and bipartisan work done to fix.
Uve had 8yrs u better get with it! Baboon care was designed 2 move in2 gov run 1 payer. We've given u everything u better get it stopped!
Please remember we all will be judged in time on how we treated the most vulnerable among us!
I'm not at all happy to see my wife and my premiums at $4000 per month and going up even more next year.
At least change Medicare age to 60.
As a 62 year old male with PE conditions that have required monthly care at $9000 per month (20 years now due to a misdiagnosis at Emery)...

No public hearings.
No debate. 
No bipartisanship.…
We both know Trump's an incompetent disaster & GOP's continued support 4 him make u all look like groveling lapdogs-stand up to him & 4 USA!
Ur not a stupid man-but trying 2 convince us GOP's bill is gonna b anything but devastating 2 all but top 1% wealthiest ppl is #AFool'sFolly
Why don't u work w/Democrats to FIX the #ACA & stop trying to cram toxic #TrumpCare down our throats?! We aren't stupid & u know this is BAD
Voting yes will cost millions of Americans their lives
VOTE NO
Voting yes 4 bill that doesn't cover mental health/substance abuse, pre-existing conditions & EHB's hurts me & millions of Americans #VoteNo
The newest BCRA is no better than previous. This is not what I elected you to do. Fix ACA!
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
I live n Nashville & am a constituent-#TrumpCare will harm me & my family terribly both medically & financially-if U vote yes u lose MY vote
Please vote NO on the healthcare bill. It hurts too many Americans, including Tennesseans. Long-term effects matter more than 50 votes.
It won't be any better than the last onel. Do the right thing, Senator. Vote NO on this horrible healthcare bill.
This bill is bad for Tennessee. Please stand up for your constituents.
This bill will kill sick people and bankrupt their families. Don't ignore what actuaries, doctors and insurance cos say about this bill.
Senator, please do not vote for a bill that removes protections for pre-existing conditions and allows lifetime and annual caps
I've read up on this bill, Senator, if you vote yes on this bill you are supporting murder. Pure and simple, people will die.
This bill is going to pull Millions of Americans and 10s of Thousands of Tennesseans off of Health Care. Vote no and save lives.
I am a primary care physician. Work with Democrats! Stop depriving patients! Have a heart!
When do you plan to meet with your constituents?
Single Payer
I want to hear more about allowing insurers being allowed to sell across state lines. #getitright
Tennessee (Bob Corker): 395,000 people losing Medicaid
History will not be kind to those who legislate murder.
I do not think you all are gonna allow Dems input whatsoever, Sad because Trumpcare bill is more of disaster than the ACA, much worse.
What do you know that doctors, hospitals, actuaries, & insurers don't? B/c they all think it will be WAY worse. If great, use it yourself.
Just curious. How many people losing coverage is acceptable? 15 million? 20 million? Let me guess, you call yourself a Christian, right?
I propose that Republicans change their name to Democrats and Democrats change to Socialists to better reflect their actual policies.
#exrepublicanvoter
Repeal is what we voted for., you republicans suck!!! To fn worried about what the media will say about you to do the right thing. I'm done!
The final product is a tax break for the wealthy.  You could care less about children, the elderly or the disabled.  #DevilsWork
Everyone knows what a sham this bill is.  U COULD work with the Dems & fix ACA and make it better.  Instead U choose to make sure ACA fails.
Sen Corker, it's clear all you care about is tax breaks for urself and cronies.  U could care less 4 those who need Medicaid jst to survive.
Both sides of the isle?  Are you kidding me?  The Dems wouldn't touch this sadistic bill with a ten foot pole.
I'm reading many people calling @GOP Republicans Healthcare sadistic. Be careful Sen Corker! There should be NO cuts to #Medicaid!
LOOK @SenatorCollins' approach! She advocates #ACA be fixed--no repeal/replaced! She states DEMS & REPUBS should work together for Americans
How dare you vote to take away our health insurance? You are going out of your way to destroy Americans. Millions of us. #KillTheBill
I hope this does get a full debate & that u don't pass something that will hurt Tennesseans
Sen Corner, I beg you to vote NO. Please remember the people this will break, myself included

is this a joke?

.I am aghast at this bill & disappointed in ur lack of concern 4 the people of #TN. Why didn't U & ur colleagues repair the #ACA#noTrumpcare
If you vote yes on this horrific legislation, you will pay at the ballot box.
I do recall base for this bill was crafted in absolute secret w/ your cohort, @SenAlexander, leading the way. #VoteNoBCRA #CountryOverParty
We don't want another garbage law to replace the last garbage law. REPEAL, or nothing.

JUST IN: The nation's actuaries have spoken: the Cruz amendment is totally unworkable, will destabilize the markets.
http://www.actuary.org/files/publications/RiskPoolingFAQ071417.pdf … 

@TuckerCarlson brings to light the massive #Fanniegate scandal and coverup by the Obama administration. $FMCC $FNMA @FoxNews #RealNews 

The day the #Trumpcare bill becomes available to read, @SenBobCorker has no staff in his Nashville office. Nobody available to constituents
Just O'Care w/lipstick! Do your job! Demand FULL REPEAL of O'Care! NO substitutes! No more excuses!
The new bill is NOT a good solution! Cruz Amendmt wd not work; only sick wd buy full insurance=unaffordable. Pls vote NO! Family on ACA
I am very concern about the older adult.  Looks like very expensive premiums!
Easy for Congressmen to make decisions on health care... considering their health coverage is 90% subsidize by the taxpayers.
If it's so great, why don't you have it? You greatly underestimate Tennesseans, Bob.
Trumpcare 3.0 bad idea!
keep mental health coverage, coverage for  pre-existing conditions, and medicaid
How can you possibly consider this to be a positive move for TN healthcare? You *could* strengthen ACA and look like a hero.
NO to this health bill. Its goal is still to cut taxes for rich, not improve the country's health. Healthy country improves GDP, education
http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/americas-heroin-epidemic/senate-health-care-bill-no-fix-opioid-epidemic-experts-say-n782721?cid=sm_npd_nn_tw_ma …
Vote NO on trumpcare/cruzcare...whatever you want to call that garbage.
Disgusting. Gutting Medicare, raising premiums, forcing children out, pre-existing conditions removed. $trillion dollar gift to elite rich.
Bob obviously didn't write this, the market is open. He's too busy figuring out which insurance companies to short when he votes on the bill
So nobel, but such a lie. Your support of Trump and McConnel will be your downfall.
Please put people before party and oppose this abomination. People will suffer. People will die. The only way forward is to fix the ACA.
Are you going to insure that those of us with preexisting will be able to get good coverage at an affordable price?

If you really mean health care reform do it without taxcuts - but that defies the real purpose, doesn't it?
Craft legislation!  Despicable and irresponsible Is more like it.  A ton of ammendments wouldn't  save this dog of a bill.
Leaving millions uninsured, underinsured , outpriced is the right direction.  2018 can't come to soon for TN to vote you out.
Get the gov out of the insurance business. Bailing out Ins and Big Pharma is not what you should be doing. No healthcare in  Constitution
Have you read the latest revisions sir? I have, and have some serious questions for you. When would be a good time to discuss them with you
make sure you remember who you work for the poor, the tired, the downtrodden, not the rich and famous! work for the people this time!
In the ER right now. I trust my providers to make the best decisions for my care. Nowhere is there a price list. Healthcare is shopping.
Please vote no! That bill isn't going to help us more than Obamacare
And after all amendments have been offered, @SenateMajLdr will put in a substitute amendment, to wipe them all out
I then heard there's a further trick McConnell is considering which could give only 2 or 4 hours TOTAL including debate. Here's how . . .8 
I think a bill this important, that impacts so many people and the economy, requires more attention -from both sides- One week
I will be encouraged when you get voted out of office, or thrown in jail.
If you have time to tweet, you have time to meet. #tntownhall
But the voices of everyone else won’t be heard because you aren’t willing to listen.
I can't believe that I voted for someone so insensitive and unrealistic. Please vote "No" and then fix only what needs to be fixed.
Do what's right for the American people and not for yourself or insurance companies. The people of TN are watching.
To all office/interns who handle this account for Mr Bob as he is known,  just get out now.  He is out next year and will call it retirement
Sir, your office/interns who run this feed need to grow up and read to you like a baby at bedtime your constituents responses. Bye
The bill is crap, and you know it, Senator. Worse, the amendments (i.e., the "Cruz" amendment) are worse than the original, if possible.
I know it takes time to get big things right....but gee you all have had 7 years to figure out what you want to do!!! I'm drowning here!
Senator, will you fight for amendments, and if so how will you work to save our ability to purchase affordable healthcare??
Hey Bobby while you're at it, could you release your full statement on this also?
@NashvilleScene @TimesFreePress @Tennessean
This does not change Medicaid cuts, fix ACA, or protect pre-existing conditions. We need bipartisan bill that covers everyone!
Keeping it short: Co-sponsor #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll with @SenSanders
Why so secret? Why exempt yourselves? I have great affordable coverage through ACA! Don't take away
You must vote no on the healthcare bill.
Where is your full statement on the president's son colluding with kremlin lawyers to metal in US elections? @NashvilleScene @Tennessean

pre existing a must in every policy, womens essential health every policy. Cancer screening mandated, lower not higher costs for seniors.
Really? Not sounding good from where I sit
Fix Obamacare do your job !!
Do what's right for all Americans !
Corker a complete sellout on numerous issues
Complete garbage plan another sellout
How about giving Americans the same healthcare the Senators have?
Hurts Tennessee and the country. Vote no. #Medicareforall #nomedicaidcaps
Thanks for making your stand so accessible to the common man, Bob. They love reading legal jargon. @POTUS  wouldn't get it.
We appreciate your leadership in ebsuring the best bill possible is adopted.
You mean input from Cruz, right? You sure as hell aren't listening to your constituents.
Vote no to AHCA (Wealthcare), medicaid cuts etc. We the people put in you charge and experts say it will hurt too many. Make ACA better!
No no and no Senator..... be a leader and renounce this iteration.... seniors and the disabled will suffer Sir.
I saw your St Jude photo op today. Did you bother asking the 60% of patients there on Medicaid and their families what they think of #BCRA?
The ACA is great healthcare. Just FIX IT !!!
Not a good direction for Tennessee!
Oh, you're in favor of this... you are an unbelievable con man. What's in it for you ? Huh? Bribes in healthcare too?
Sir, as a voter who voted for you, Obamacare has got to go. And if you do not start backing President Trump then my vote will go elsewhere.
Thank you for keeping an open mind and keeping the people of the great state of tennessee in mind as well!
Repeal Obamacare. Get the government out of healthcare.
And who will give voice to the old and the sick?
I just saw Louie Gohmert say that congress voted to allow the military to continue to fund sex change treatments.This is an abomination!
Your optimism is admirable but unwarranted. Senate leadershipmen so far have worked only to garner votes, not to create "something better."
Will it work for the children of TN? Will you be able to go to Vandy and tell those parents you did the right thing? We're all hoping so.
So you're voting yes? Pretending it's just to get to the 'negotiation stage' next week.  You are PATHETIC! We're on to you!  #KilltheBill
To be clear: new #Trumpcare deems maternity care, mental health treatment and Rx drugs as essential for Congress but not rest of Americans.
We'd be in a much better place today if you'd have expanded Medicaid.  You set us up to fail!
And now this, THIS, is your full statement?  Why not just say "F you, my fellow Tennesseans"? #IGotMine
TOMORROW: Join @TNIndivisible to meet Corker's staff on #HealthcareBill- follow them or us for info. Also, KEEP CALLING. This bill preserves
deep cuts to Medicaid - cutting the lifeline for hundreds of thousands of Tennesseans. We need real options, not a 1% tax cut in disguise.
http://imgur.com/a/aGSmH 
Repeal Obamacare ans STOP! Government doesn't belong in healthcare.
What about your constituents? When will you hold a town hall? When will you listen to them?
Are you Kidding ? Corker KNOWS the bill is bad
As someone you represent and who has called your office in numerous occasions, do not vote for that horrid bill. Fix Obamacare.
How bout a statement on the emails

people of TN deserve better from u as 1 of the worst states 2 provide any health care 4 the needy Obamacare should b amended and supported
The bill kicks thousands of Tennesseans off health care.  And does the bidding of an illegitimate president. Why?
Obamacare was constantly tweaked after it was passed--exceptions given.
DO NOT let bill come up without bi-partisan hearings and work IN COMMITTEE to address flaws, problems.  NO WAY TO LEGISLATE OUR HEALTHCARE!
Preventative heath care should be kept for all. Preexisting covered to prevent bankruptcy.No lifetime cap.We are all a step away(bankruptcy)
The direction of the bill is a more dire version of an awful bill. You will be voting on people's lives. For once put America's first.
Unless YOU are willing to accept the same level of affordable healthcare you offer your constituents, keep working.
I'll take you at your word senator.
Bob is only concerned with very wealthy people like himself. He does not care that the gov. is stealing avg. peoples retirement #fanniegate
What about regulation? Don't allow states to waive EHB.
With all due respect, Senator, hearings and a proper public vetting are the right way to approach such a major piece of legislation.
You are NOT listening to your constituents. The planned parenthood de-funding is nefarious and evil in intent. the Medicaid loss is murder
VOTE HIM OUT
Please do not approve this bill if it does not include coverage for maternity care as well as pre-existing conditions FOR ALL (not just 4 U)
Blah,blah,blah..I can now pretend I've fought back hard enough to now vote a great big YES to cutting Medicaid and helping millions lose HC
Represent America & vote NO!
Fix what we have!
This is not good,affordable Health Ins for all Americans...
#KillThe Bill
Bob I like you infinitly more than Lamar. Do not vote for this if it keeps these Medicade cuts. TN is historically moderate don't go crazy.
It sounds like the new bill has moved a foot forward when it needs to move a mile.
VOTE HIM OUT
