Tennesseans who wish to read the discussion draft and provide input to my office can do so here: http://bit.ly/2rWzO03 .
I'm a Republican,  please vote no on health bill, just fix the affordable health care. If you vote yes, will work to defeat u!

Hold a town hall and your constituents will be happy to tell you how we all feel about the Heath care bill
@SenBobCorker - please use the vote delay to carefully consider how the ACA repeal bill will affect your older constitients. Work with Dems!
You must reject any bill that makes deep cuts to health/well-being of elderly & children of America simply to give more money to the rich.
Please continue to say no to this cruel fan.  Reach across aisle and let's get something good for all constituents
Please do not vote for repeal and replacement of the ACA. Keep the ACA and work with Democrats to fix it. It saved my life.
Your responsibility is to interfere in free markets, create serfs--and instead of deregulating, to call cost payment medicine?
#VoteNo on TrumpCare

Funny how you don't worry about any single childless person receiving health care help in TN?
please vote against trumpcare and work to find a replacement that works for all
Dems have had 8 years to do that. They can't. And republicans besides Rand Paul and Cruz don't have the courage. The ideas that would work
Are the least popular and the GOP is scared to piss off their constituents. That's how we ended up with trumpcare
@SenBobCorker Will you share what factors you use to weigh whether this bill is "better than what is in place today"?
Called @SenBobCorker again. Very polite intern said he's deciding if bill is "better" but nothing to share on what "better" means to him.
http://www.tennessean.com/story/money/industries/health-care/2017/07/06/uninsured-rate-projected-climb-under-senate-health-bill-study/452893001/ …
@SenBobCorker only people who want ACA repeal/replace are politicians.  Constituents want keep/repair.  How do you not understand this?
Good thing you didn't jump on that sinking ship called the Senate's attempt at healthcare.  Too bad it was bc u were pussyfooting around. 
Praying you will please vote NO on #AHCA! Husband early-onset #Alzheimers in 50s, I'm selfemployed on #ACA which helps family make ends meet
When a Republican Senator say that he is going to "Give" more choices, I know we're about to get screwed AGAIN!  Eat or see the Doctor!
If you vote YES to this healthcare bill; I will vote NO for Bob Corker come Election Day (& I'll make sure everyone I know does too).
I'm terrified for my life because I have a preexisting condition. Please do the right thing and vote NO. TERRIFIED!!! Do you even care?
In doing so consider the little guy, if you can. Some of my friends who are, (R) love me & want me healthy. The ACA affords me that right.
Please don't vote yes! Protect your constituents!
How can this bill be better when 26000 people are gonna die annually because of this bill, vote no or pack your bags
This bill is NOT an improvement!!!! Work to improve what is in place... don't vote for this!!! Shame on you!!!

Follow Sen. Susan Collin's lead and vote NO, then work with GOP & Dems to fix the ACA.
Is it affordable for TN families that live paycheck to paycheck?
$2000 per month vs the now $400 per month for medical coverage will be better for me?  Stabilizes the insurance COMPANIES, not the market.
My wife is losing her Humana coverage the end of the year cuz they no longer cover individuals started out at $180/mo. this year over $400
Bob, the proposed bill is a disgrace....to you and to our great state. We can do better.
Vote no please.
Call him!
Mem: 901-683-1910
Nash: 615-279-8125
Chat: 423-756-2757
Knox: 865-637-4180
His DC phone stays busy.

#Resist #VoteNo #TrumpCare
Get it done! The Republicans have dithered too long.  If this isn't done, perhaps we can send you into unearned retirement.
You get  federal government at subsidizes approx 72 % of the premium cost for  health insurance and you want to strip Americans of theirs.
It's time to pick a side either you're with the tax-payer or you're with the dead-beats. #maga
#AHCAKills, makes draconian cuts to #Medicaid, allows ins co's to sell worthless plans to ppl w #preexistingconditions. #KillTheBill
Ur mailbox is full, Senator, & there are Americans who want to talk to you. Can you name one way that #AHCA improves any of the probs above?
Stakeholders? You mean business interests. I'm sure you'll avoid TN constituents! You & #Trump goal--kill #ACA so MORE $$$ GO TO THE RICH!!!
REASON #ACA unstable because #Trump is withholding payments as political leverage! Why didn't you FIX #ACA! You guys are LIARS! Shame on YOU
You will be taking health care from the wirking class, you will be closing a lot of rural hospitals, putting people out of work to incease
I encourage you to reject or vote no on the senate health care bill.
Please vote YES!
Your a joke
Truly a joke
No need to pass a rushed bill that likely will do more harm rather than offer a true improvement to the ACA.
You & #GOP comrades chose not to expand Medicaid & sabotaged insurers' confidence in the #ACA. Low income, elderly Tennesseans will suffer.
Please do the right thing and vote against this cruel bill that will hurt so many Americans. We are better than this.
It would be foolish to vote for a bill w/ 16% approval, no knowledge of long term effect, strips away coverage and GOP will own the mess.
The biggest fraud on the American public ever. The ACA failing because of the sabotage by the GOP. 
#SaveTheACA
#SenateGOPShouldBeAshamed
637,00 Tennesseans will lose coverage under Trumpcare. Please vote against it! Lives depend on it.
#Volunteers need you to be strong enough to admit this bill hurts more of us than it helps and to vote #NO
SENATOR, AS A CONSTITUENT, PLEASE, PLEASE  FOLLOW SENATOR CRUZ'S EXAMPLE AND DO  NOT VOTE FOR THIS OBAMACARE.
Stakeholders? I think you mean Corporate board members ...
Please do not support the bill as is currently written.  Most older folks will not be able to pay the extra taxes. #sayno
Tennessee & America wants #SinglePayerNow & #MedicareForAll , nothing less.
Don't kill your voters, Bob. #dontkillyourvoters
Trumpcare will be disastrous for my two brothers with autism and intellectual disabilities. Vote no!
This legislation is not better! Work to fix the ACA, not kick millions of people off their healthcare and put the rest of us at risk!
This bill is just plain mean. More tax breaks for the rich and the rest of us suffer. Please fight this disaster!
This bill shoves money at insurance companies while it guys Medicaid, caps the disabled and kids with severe illnesses. Why are tax cuts in?
What about essential benefits?  Regular screenings and routine tests catch illness sooner.   Sooner is less costly  and a life saver
I ask you not to support this cruel bill of restrictions and higher costs for elderly.
@SenBobCorker, please vote NO on the @SenateGOP Healthcare Legislation . Your constituents need to be healthy and live! #VoteNoToAHCA
Please stop this repugnant bill.
How about flat rejection.  Leave healthcare to the free market.  Be a conservative, not a big government Republican.
ACA is working for the ppl. ACA affords healthcare for children. It's not perfect, Medicare for all would be perfect.
.@James_Mackler
It is not.  Work to make ACA better.  Don't throw out the baby with the bath water.
Vote yes. Let low info voters face the reality of GOP dogmatism. Result: 2018 elections will finally flush the putrid Washing DC toilet.
I've read the bill, how could you vote to this tax cut at the hands of your constituants. 18M net worth how much more will you make on this
cut medicaid 800B when 25% of TN pop is on Medicaid, claim to save prexisting cond but allow lifetime caps to return, add age tax to over 60
Honestly, this is worse than the House bill. What is there to consider? Political cover? Just say NO!
don't lie, u cut the legs out from under ACA by refusing to cover it. Head of BCBS was very clear on that point
sir you need to work for us...so please read carefully & act to our benefit. 60+ years old white and need insurance not tax cuts
If my partner dies or we become bankrupt to keep him alive because of this heartless legislation I will hold you and Alexander responsible.
And you live out your days knowing that you've contributed to the pain and misery of your constituents. Consider voting no.
Not convinced Corker cares what anybody thinks. Even if he gets voted out, he will hold his head high b/c he stuck to his "principles."
Your job is to fix problems through legislation, not limit yourself to 2 bad options for WeThePeople.
It's not better.  It's a step back and a step away from those who need help most.
How will it:affect poor, elderly, chronically ill?
increase competition in marketplace? lead to more benefits/lower cost for middle class?
I know you are wealthy, and we pay for your Cadillac health care. Do you even care the least bit about us??
As a free people, we do have choices. But you've chosen to take away healthcare for many Tennesseans.
If you vote for #AHCA/#Trumpcare, we need to know why you think 20m should be cut off their insurance.
@SenAlexander @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP All government employees should be required to be insured by the #TrumpCare
@SenBobCorker I voted for you. Vote No on this bill that will deprive millions of health care.
How fucking high are you?
Please vote no on this. Please think of the children of the US and how they deserve a better plan
Don't do it just cause it is better. Get it right for my children and theirs.
Why not just eliminate ACA and allow insurance companies to offer a variety of plans. Give tax credits. Let states have copay on medicare
Also create pool for high risk.  And reward continual coverage a la car insurance.
Stop the lies! If it is that great, why don't you and the rest of the DC crowd be the first to swap your insurance for what you propose?
Let me help you decide   NO
There are far more effective ways to stabilize markets. Investing in current law rather than using hc as excuse for tax cuts #VoteNoAHCA
Please consider all Tennesseans when you are making your decision. From what I've read it will hurt a lot of people I love.
Grow a backbone.
You need to check your DC voicemail. It's full for some reason. We look forward to our invite as stakeholders to discuss our healthcare.

If you support this bill you will have proven you do not care about the people of TN.
Do you, personally, read or write anything on this twitter account? Cause you really don't seem to be listening.
This plan serves the needs of money. An accountable health plan should serve the needs of People.
I'm another TN health care worker that knows this is nothing but a tax cut for the rich paid for with health care money.  Pathetic.
answer none above MCaid ppl cant afford ins r unhirable bc dr appts sick days mental prob wrong clothes unreliable cars even wrk plc modifi!
You're a good man Senator.
Please hurry.  Nashville is desperate for options.
Just repeal it! Don't replace it.
It's funny they don't want to spend the money on people who need the help!! It's our Tax Money! Pay for people insurance not Golfing trips
It hands enormous tax cuts to the rich and to the drug and insurance industries, paid for by CUTTING health care for PEOPLE LIKE ME!
Can someone please tell me anything Mitch McConnel has ever done that has been Good for the People? Vote No
I urge you to vote AGAINST this MASSIVE TRANSFER OF WEALTH from middle-class and poor families TO THE RICHEST PEOPLE IN AMERICA.
If that's what it does?
Bob, if you vote in favor of this tax cut for the wealthy that screws over the rest of us and I'll never vote for another Republican again.
How about making a great plan instead of giving away health care to give a tax break for the wealthiest?
I appreciate your willingness to review this legislation and to seek input. Consider the impact on low to mid income, disabled, vets, ret.
He's lying. He will vote for it because of the tax cuts
And, he wants to keep those tee times with Trump.
True. If he is voted out, he will have plenty of time for golf
Why vote yes if it's only better? Shouldn't you vote Yes only if it's going to take care of the elderly, children and less fortunate?
Please put the nation's health first and do the right thing, not what is best for the party but what is best for ALL Americans. Worried.
Senator - please stop enabling POTUS and start taking care of your constituents. This is a bad bill - look strong and say NO, not as it is.
Are you going to have a wine and cheese celebration party after you vote yes like the house did.
Vote no!
Cough*Bullshit*Cough...
You gonna fix healthcare like you forked up the GSE's?
Stakeholders?! You misspelled constituents.
Thank you @Sharonthemezzo , @SenBobCorker  forgets who he works for.
please vote no on the "Healthcare" bill.
How will it affect rural access to care? Emergency rooms as primary care facilities? Will people lose homes to pay for insulin?
Sorry, we had to cut 14 million people off Medicaid because those making $200,000 a year couldn't afford a 3.8% tax on investment income.
Taking away healthcare from millions of Americans to pay for massive tax cuts for the rich isn't a health care plan at all.
Repeal, not replace. Let the free market, what American was built on, drive down HC cost and stabilize the market.
I can save the suspense, Corker just like every other GOP Trump ass kisser is going to vote yes, and then go blow Trumps wad
NO!  Let's talk about YOUR HEALTHCARE (fully covered for life, fully paid for by .. wait for it.. TAXPAYERS.  Socialism for you but not us?
Dems & Reps need 2 quit complaining & work 2gether 2 better HC plan 4 the ppl who vote you in2 office. Might gain respect! It's abt the PPL
or unwillingness to recognize the needs or feelings of others. same disorder, He lies frequently. He lied to his voter base.
there medicaid. Families worried. He Promised but stayed with his Narcissistic Disorder, of who he really is. The Pres. has an inability or
Because TN REFUSED ACA funding. Tell the entire story Senator as you prepare to kill millions of Americans with your vote.
Please vote no. As a freelancer in Tennessee, the ACA gave me access to affordable health insurance for the first time in my life.
FIX OBAMACARE DONT REPLACE IT , help all Americans, forget the tax break for your RICH FRIENDS!
There was a time when I had very good insurance...before Obamacare!
Mr.Trump Promised, then called Rand Paul today to ask him to support the bill.The bill is frightening older people who in Nursing Homes rely
Spoiler Alert: This bill is 10,000x worse than Obamacare.
hmm, you never admit the catastrophe  of Obamacare implementation.
yes, so you can go to CA and help adopt its stability and  CA's  debt.
Just table it without a hearing
Make sure you look the parents of a preemie in the eyes and tell them they now have to worry about HOW to pay to save their child's life.
The rising costs and limited choices are the result of Tennessee not expanding Medicaid under the ACA. AHCA is not the answer #NoAHCA #TN08
Est. 637k Tennesseans will loose coverage & thousands more will have worse coverage. AHCA makes things worse, not better. Vote no!!
As a RN in your district I would like to speak with you about this plan.
Pay attention to what the experts such as AMA have been saying: if like the House bill tens of millions loose coverage. Immoral and unwanted
Bob - Do the right thing here and vote NO!
as a Tennessee resident who works in the healthcare industry this bill is NOT supporting health, it's a tax cut for weathly.
please come meet with us, the real stakeholders, in person.
You made certain the subsidies included in the current #ACA were yanked so BIG Ins could drop out creating instability.  #KillTheBill
Yes on #AHCA
How many millions of Americans can become uninsured with this bill per the CBO score and you still vote for it?
The rising costs and limited choices are the result of Republican sabotage. Appropriate funds for the CSR payments.
For the CHILDREN we treat at Vandy Children's, the answer is NO. Make sure you visit the NICU and PCICU and personally tell the parents.
It's almost as if Haslam's refusal of the Medicaid expansion had dire consequences for many thousands of Tennesseans...
Your job is to make the lives of the people you serve better. It isn't to rip away healthcare just to give the super rich a tax break!
Senator, this bill still leaves me paying 4,000 extra just bc of asthma.  And leaves my niece without coverage.  This is bad for TN.
