I am so sorry that you are not going to run again. We really need someone with your impeccable character.
How droll!  Everyone I know is suffering from premium increases and service reductions.  "Stabilize" appears to mean "subsidy" in swamp speak.
My sister's premium is going to $900 mo vs $150 mo now.  Lives in Memphis your state don't reward Ins. Companies Fix this problem!
Both our Sen are in it for the money.
As a constituent, I thank you for putting partisanship aside for the greater good.
Thank him for propping up a failed policy instead of figuring out an actual solution that truly helps people instead of breaking their bank?
It's not failed. It needs some fixes, Obama/Dems wanted for 6 yrs but instead GOP maj passed 60 repeal/replace bills w/Obama's veto.
What can we families on #ACA do to help ensure this bill passes? Who can we call? My MOCs (Democrats) support it already
It is more corporate welfare for your donors and to artificially prop up the failing (un) Affordable Care Act.
Stabilize my foot!
Thank you, senator! :^)
U are all talk! Where was ur loud mouth when Obama was acting like a Child, blaming every1 but himself Apologizing & talking smack over seas
Hey, Tennessee, the only thing #HollywoodBobCorker is interested in helping is Bob Corker.-- covering his insider-trading butt indictment.
Why don't we have insurance like you? We're praying for your insurance and sick of you SWAMP dwellers! This isn't insurance! obama killed us
You are into the right path to be the next president of this great country
As if states are any less inept than Congress to handle healthcare. America is capitalist and won't talk about price caps = pipe dream.
Thank you for taking a stance against Dftrump’s assault on democracy.
What part of free market don’t you understand? My insurance was at its lowest before government jumped into the equation. #UnConstitutional
Both of you should just shut up and go away. Rino's
Thank you!
What happened to the republican promise to repeal and replace? Another untruth from the Corker!
You're a good man to have put country before party. So many repubs don't. I vote for the man, not so much the party...how it should be!
Try looking at the definition of bipartisan
But the ppl getting FREE ins at OUR expense don’t worry bc THEY STILL pay nothing & get everything. I’m a Nurse. I see it EVERYDAY.
GET RID OF ACA. it’s KILLING us,we’re paying FOR EVERYONE ELSE,but WE can’t afford to go to the Dr.Many STOPPED buying Insulin, etc, -> ->
Thank you, Sen. Corker!  I appreciate that you are putting the country's citizens above your party! I'm proud that you are in the Senate!
this is great, only can get things done by talking to all sides.
Your state may have to start collecting taxes cause rest of USA is tired of paying it all!!!!!
Get rid of Obama care as promised for 8 yrs. then make fixes. Otherwise shut up or get out! No person was denied hosp care before Obamacare.
Wow it only took seven years to create a legislative fix instead of sabotaging the ACA.
I hope you are being sarcastic when you use the term “fix”. The ACA is failing terribly and was set up to do so from the very start.
Having a law that shores up CSR payments is a fix. ACA was not set up for failure, but sabotaged. Found to be constitutional by SCOTUS 2x.
Healthcare should be for everyone and not rationed out to the wealthy only. What about the 8-9 million kids who depend on CHIP?
You do realize that government run healthcare does ration to the wealthy only. What’s given to the “rest of us” is slow and of poor quality.
8-9 million kids who depend on CHIP are about to be without health ins. I've been without and do not wish that on anyone in this country.
Maryland announced today allowing a 76% increase in premiums if subsidies end! Many will die here who can't afford this increase.
So sad they won’t allow this bipartisan fix but instead want to complete the sabotage of ACA & deny people healthcare. Admire yr efforts!
WE DEMAND HSAs FOR EVERY CITIZEN... FULLY REPEAL T4 ACA...IT IS HURTING US.. PAY ATTENTION BOB.. U HAVE UNLIMITED HC WE HAVE CRAP..
TRAITOR! Support our President or step down now!
I think that means a single payer Medicaid for all plan then Bob,Its the only way.
Way too little and way too late.  You and your ilk are responsible for our 20 Trillion debt.  Does Schumer have pictures of you and a goat?
Thank u for standing up for us all!  Reminds me of great Howard Baker.
Thank you, @SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander  - please keep up the good work and stabilize the health care markets!  Americans need you!
BiPartisan my arse Corker.  You are a fraud and a big part of the problem.   Hope it was worth ending your political climb.
MR. CORKER YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING FOR THE AMERICAN FAMILY.. ONLY FOR YOURSELF~ GLAD YOU ARE NOT RUNNING AGAIN.. YOU ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT TO YOU CONSTITUENTS~
http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2015/09/03/the-deciding-vote-for-obamas-iran-deal-was-bob-corker-not-barbara-mikulski/amp/ …  do your job senator. Repeal ACA
Thank you sir
Just got my letter $250 month increase????
More subsidizies for health insurance companies?
We want Obamacare REPEALED YOUR A DEMOCRAT IN REP GEAR.  YOUR A FRAUD
This is the kind of bi-partisan effort the American people expect from their elected officials! Thank you!
Screw the American people suffering under #Obamacare but give rich health insurance companies more of our tax dollars 
Thank you. We need more in the GOP like you. For our country.

You are useless.
Thank you Senator! 
."temporary fix" after 8 years of being LYING SCUM. Yeah, ok.
NOOOOOOOOOOOO     HUSSEIN OBUMMERCARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Senator Corker you have wasted 8 years of service doing incredible damage by your key part in a terrible, dangerous Iran deal.
Finally, @GOP with a spine and analytic skills
What about CHIP?
Sentor: I voted 4 your twice! From what you have pulled in the last 6 mos. I am a shamed I did As far as I'm concerned  your a trader 2 GOP
Thank you Senator for being the voice of reason in D.C. 
Putting band aids on disastrous ObamaCare-
Do what you promised: Repeal and replace crumbling ObamaCare
Bobby u r a gut less piece of 
wish we had repeal and replace legislation, but unfortunately that want happen now for the short term.
Why don’t you retire early RINO
Thank you Senator for standing up for bipartisam, truth, and calling Trump wrong when he's wrong, lying and creating more hatred in the US
Get with trump or get voted out obstructionist left winger
Thank you!
Have you packed up your office yet? Your constituents are ready for change from your establishment agenda...
Thank you!
Two democrats dressed as as conservatives 
Government is not the answer to our problems. Government is the problem. you and @SenAlexander will both be gone next cycle.
Good for you
It's a shame that moderates are being sidelined in our government. We need bipartisanship now more than ever
Please do something about CHIP funding for the 9 million children who depend on it for health care.
Unconcmstitutional
hell  fire  you're  finally  doin  somethin!
Drain the swamp & let’s start with your crooked rear end! What an embarrassment to the great state of Tennessee!
What an embarrassment you are to Christianity, @PastorWaynePugh
You do not represent me in Tennessee. You are a crook & a charlatan.
Thank you @SenBobCorker. Very proud to finally have many things to be proud of you for.
Bob, you don’t disappoint this time. Thank you. Glad you stopped playing the GOP game on this.encourage others to do the same.
We Love TRUMP
If you REALLY want to "stabilize" the market "for the American people" support Senator Sanders Medicare for All. Premiums will drop for all!
@potus  ALERT ! IF CORKER ENDORSES IT YOU GOTTA KNOW ITS 100% ROTTEN! FISHY! 
PHiZZ-LESS, DUMB! SCURRILOUS, PUKY!  ..so CAVEAT EMPTOR
Corkers, Grahams, and McCains , among others,unquestionably " yesterday men" ie: COUNTERPRODUCTIVE TO THE INTERESTS OF #MAGA! @SpeakerRyan
Hurry and leave Bob
Def A Step In The Right Direction.  Trump Sure Doent Know What Hes Doing
Thank you. We seldom agree, but we do on this.  Also, thanks to Sen. @PattyMurray and @SenAlexander.  Pls tell GOP we are counting on them.
Bye, Bob. You are no longer relevant.
Glad to hear you are supporting the folks of the great state of Tennessee.
Thank you for working across the isle. And for standing up to our Fake President
It really is incredible to me that there exist people in the world as stupid as you’ve demonstrated to be by leaving this comment.
Much rather see you, Flake and Collins switch parties and watch the scowl on McConnell's face
We are all counting on you and @SenAlexander to get your bill passed. It's the only SANE bill that's come through this year!
His bill is a disgusting travesty written by lobbyists to pad the bottom line of insurance companies.... just like the ACA.
Worst kind of lib is a lib in disguise 
You’re an idiot if you think @SenBobCorker is liberal. The problem is you do not know what Conservative means.
You must be on payroll 
Why not repeal and replace and pass tax cuts like you promised instead of being a LIDDLE POLITICIAN AND PROUD SWAMP MEMBER!!! RESIGN NOW!!!
Thank-you Senator Corker.  You are a voice of reason in these unreasonable times.
Thank you, Senator. If there were more in Congress like you & Sen. Flake maybe the people would be served instead of party and self.
Thank you both for your work.
I work in the healthcare field and I promise you this,won't help anyone but the insurance companies.   The sad thing is that you know it.
Are you kidding?  My head is going to explode.  Yet another insurance bailout.  And NOTHING for the hurting ppl.  RESIGN immediately.
When Government gets involved in my healthcare, it is no longer about good healthcare, it is only about you using my healthcare for politics
We the people need you to follow the Constitution!  we the People @SenBobCorker @BillHaslam @TNGOP
Only Two words needed
Universal coverage
How about one word: Socialism! God help us if you get your wish. Y Not move to China instead?
And keep people in a healthcare plan your exempt from
This is one more reason you would loose if you ran again
You are quitting which is good for your party. Why don't you just be gracious and leave now!
Glad to hear how you all are working together, but disappointed with what you all have had to endure with DT.
The Liar in chief is retracting from this as well. #IMPEACH this insane egomaniac.
Would you use this? Is this good enough for your family?
Id proud if you retired.
Thanks, Bob! Pls have a serious chat with P Ryan very soon.
We want OCare ended. Why won’t you listen to the people of TN?  Resign now!  You do nothing but advance your own criminality.
ACA is the law, is trump not breaking the law by refusing to honor its rules?why is he not getting shit about it? Although who can keep up?
Run for President.
@SenAlexander @SenMurray Thank you for trying to find some space for compromise. I support the effort. I will watch for positive outcome
Corker....... just go away! Tenn don't need u or want u!! #MAGA
Thank you. I'm grateful @PattyMurray was willing to come & reason together with @SenAlexander after he ditched the last bi-partisan effort.
Thank you for finally representing Tennesseans. Now, how about holding a town hall meeting? We've much to discuss.
#eastTNresist
He ain t representing jack , a real loser, but his pockets r full (cash)
Bot
Shut up Corky
You are a joke.
Compassion looks well on you sir... I to am Proud your my Senator 
Too bad the GOP scorned it
Thank you for speaking out, there should be more on your side with objections to   state of affairs. They are supposed to work for us.
Sure you are! More of same like your buddy Roe. Deny healthcare deny benefits. Deny pain MEDICATIONS All for profit! https://youtu.be/_Grli7aez0M 
Chairman Committee on Foreign Relations 1st year (2006-07) has over $45 million in bank. Nothing suspicious there!
See if you can get John McCain on board
Thank you, thank you — for all you are doing right now. This Tennessean is proud.
This is an insurance company bailout that will not benefit anyone. Simply put, it’s a disgusting piece of legislation written by lobbyists.
Really?proud of a bandaid and kicking the can down the road at taxpayers $$$?
Thank-you! It’s our hope to live free of fear that the GOP will destroy our health ins & protections. We’re sm bus owners. Pre-ACA was hell.
Keep fighting the good fight
You’re making TN look almost intelligent  (I’m in TN)
Thank you for supporting this legislation and being the only Republican with the balls to speak the truth about Trump.
Thank you for your support of bipartisanship

But cant get the rest of the nazi republic of russias death party to quit acting like babies in dirty diapers
And by the way, thank you two for bringing some sanity to Washington. We need more bi-partisanship there.
Wow your not so bad after allmuch of congress doesn't seem to realize we are real people with the same needs as you.
Hello, there must have been a Democrat who co-authored it if it is bipartisan, no? Hint: of the gender you guys left out before...
@realDonaldTrump You were for it, now against it. Can you please let someone else play president for a while? We need results.
Good. Now you need to work with the President to get tax reform.
You Sir are another of my ROCKSTARS!!!
Bob you better get me some tax cuts , I could care less about ur trump hate . You and McCain are paid to help us not settle scores w/Trump
Senator Corker you are a brave person for standing up for what is right and supporting the bipartisan effort to stabilizing the ACA, thanks.
McGowin Pk Shopping Center-as much as $194 million in sales tax revenues were diverted from bondholders to developers, including Bob Corker.
Corker failed to properly disclose millions of dollars in income from  real estate, hedge funds and other investments between 2007 and 2015.
Thank you Senator for speaking honestly about Trump.
Bold
Screw you bob
Thank you.
Thank you Senator. Please continue to speak out. Our country needs you.
So disingenuous
Even the fact you are trying to be bipartisan is cause for celebration! Thanks to both of you for stepping across the isle to collaborate!
So how does giving Dems whatever they demand qualify as crossing the aisle?
I see that u are still supporting Dems efforts to toss us all into single payer.  Pathetic.  I hope we can find a Republican to replace u
Subsidies to insurance companies is not any kind of fix! So ashamed the two of you are representing my state!
You don’t get it do you? We do not, did not, want Obamacare. Now we don’t want you.
Thank you for supporting this bi partisan legislation. Thanks to @PattyMurray too! Now PLEASE help stabilize the president. I can't sleep!
Don’t you think there’s something wrong if taxpayers have to support established insurance companies to provide insurance?
Repeal and replace like you promised for the last 8 years.
This should easily pass. If trump vetoes it, you have veto override power. Go for it. Then you will see what the real agenda for trump is and it's not concern for American people.
Why would it easily pass?  Propping up monopolies seems to be popular now.
Unfortunately @realDonaldTrump will only sign it if you say @BarackObama wouldn't sign it because he thought it would damage his legacy.
Stop pissin off @RandPaul
Appreciate your bipartisanship. Please also support improving, not replacing, Obamacare.
How do U improve something that was designed to fail?
Shots fired (metaphorically)
We The Ppl need U 2 #25thAmendmentNow! No one in @Gop will stand up and do what's right for our Great Country.
No one in GOP is stupid enough to make a move that would cause them to have to leave the country.
Resign! You are an embarrassment to Tennessee!
Thanks for supporting a temporary fix to the ACA.
Will you be covered by it too? If so then I’m for it.
Hell no he won’t. All of Congress is exempt. They are the most corrupt pieces of Shit the planet has to offer. ALL of them need to go.
Thank you senator. The president's job is to uphold the laws of the nation, not to sabotage them. His list of impeachable offenses grows.
Corker you had an opportunity to support the House bill. This is nothing but a bailout of Obamacare. Do your job!
The sad thing is I guess it's not going anywhere !! So sad!!!
Please do something!
A little late Corker
I'm proud of your White House  as an adult day care center comment; so true
You lost me, Mr. Corker, at the word "replacement".
Thank you Senator Corker!
Good deal. As a side note, if you leave and ideologue @MarshaBlackburn gets your seat, my brain might melt into a pool of sadness.
Prepare to melt.  We are going to finally get a real conservative, not more leftist idiocy.
Thank you Senator Corker.
You are done and you know it. Repeal. Open market. 
It’s rare that I’m proud of my representatives these days... glad to say I’m proud of both my senators today! Smart bipartisan solutions! 
Continuing illegal payments to insurance companies is a smart solution?
Yep the only reason they were deemed illegal is bc congress hadn’t appropriated them, now that problem is solved 
Not solved without legislation.  I see no way that the Republican House would be stupid enough to pass this.
Resign
Thank you Sen Corker
For what?

Proud to bailout Obamacare
*co-authored
