Democrat operative @SenBobCorker jumps on the WaPo #FakeNews story bandwagon Trump-Russia! Facts? What facts? #ResignCorker
He is from Tennessee. So you would expect a very low IQ answer!
Establishment backstabbing Repubs like you to me are so much more detestable than the Shumers of Politics. NEVER will U get my support!
I'm disappointed in you joining the ranks of the likes of Schumer, Pelosi, Watters,Cummings... disgraceful, you lost my confidence
Limit Russian activity , trump policy isn't conducive to Russia , the democrats is , they will destroy this country for power , and they pay
Pick a side #hesmypresident
If you don't support President Trump, I won't support you in the next election.
Now the White House doesn't need to get their act together , it's republicans , no leaking investigation your not serving the people but
Protection money to China look over what Obama. Did for China . Trumo not promising anyone the sun , moon or stars .you pay China your
You better do something
BACK THE PRESIDENT!!! I AM ONE OF YOUR VOTERS!!! #BuildTheWall #draintheswamp #LOCKHERUP #MAGA #Trump2020
But special interest
Why did Obama bully cotton from putting forward his bill about limiting Russian activity, if Russian hacking is true then why wouldn't Obama
Mr Corker- you and GOP need to stop Trump before he gets us all killed- he is senile and shared intel w/ our enemies- not protecting USA
trumps actions are treasonous, please s  set forth the motions for impeachment… He is unfit to serve
Explain why your committee decided to not issue sanctions against Russia for their interference in our election!! You owe us an explanation!
Ahh the everlasting replubican senator that somehow has the faith of neither party. You're a joke Bobby. Downward spiral? Is that your wish?
What the hell is wrong with you . Going on MJ and bashing President. That show is an embarrassment and you are becoming one
Grow a pair Senator, cannot you not see how you are being played by the Press concerning POTUS
Your treason sob , McMaster, Powell, tillerson stated it didn't happen . You treasonous never trumpers ,who do you leaked this fake story ?
Feeding Russia , a missile landed in Putin back yard and yet he didn't nothing , where is the retaliatory measures , one Putin calling for
The Russians working with democrats , just like Ted Kennedy and breshnev to get something on Reagan. Ask your self you treason sob
Do your job and get behind president Trump or you be looking for a new job.
What is wrong with u? Either get behind the President or resign, step aside so another Republican can. Shame on u.
If Trump's admin is in a downward spiral, then WHY isn't Congress doing its duty and acting as a check on this out of control traitor?

If you're a GOP Senator and you're "concerned" or "disturbed" or "troubled," fuuuuuuuuuck you. Do something, or admit you won't.
You should try and actually stand up for fellow republicans, guys like u are the swamp. Hopefully we will vote you out. Go Trump.
@SenBobCorker That you got passed over for SecState and VP is no excuse for your outrageous "downward spiral" statement to the media
Why would you lend any credence to WaPo's desperate fan fiction? What is wrong with you?
Where's the outrage? Trump and Russia is obvious link! This is why people think the govt is corrupt and broken. Fix it!
You are part of the swamp... Zero solidarity or loyalty.
Bob.. You don't air any "dirty" laundry to the media.. You go to the President and his Admin and discuss it in private..
Thank you for putting country before politics and calling the White House for what it is
ENOUGH craziness from this madman. He has betrayed our country. Do you realize the enormity of that? Stop him. PLEASE!
Dear @SenBobCorker-
Sen Corker how much can we stand time to impeach Trump
Privatize Fannie and Freddie, get the government out of the banking business.
Sencorker again, thank you for demonstrating repeatedly that you stand with Russia. Today once again, you refused to protect our democracy.
So, you say the WH is in a downward spiral? You disgust me as a Republican! Support our President or you'll be drained from the swamp too!
Sen corker thank you for demonstrating repeatedly that you stand with Russia. Today once again, you refused to protect our democracy.
YOU are one of the first RINOS to go. You jumped on the fake Washington Post story before you got the truth. You and Ryan ,McCain and Graham
your comments regarding Wa post story are troubling, post admitted no laws broken, admin said story not true, hit piece
Another establishment Clown Republican who believes the fake news drive by liberal media. This time the Washington Post.....
I don't want to hear a word about Hillary's email ever again. Trump is endangering our people. DO SOMETHING FOOL.
You are getting voted out! Done
Ready to vote you out Senator.  #SenBobCorker,
Senator, this is beyond frightening .  You have to speak up, you have to act, to save this country!
Glad to hear that you think @WhiteHouse and @realDonaldTrump need to get their act together   Just maybe a little professionalism.
You are partly responsible for this
Hey, you non-POTUS supporting pos. You can be voted out.
What is wrong with you.we put you in office and now your against your own parry and the people who voted for you.we won't forget
Sen c you need to change parties.  You're acting like a democrat.  Rec Potus bday card.  Now I think it was a ruse to extort donations for u
Trump leaking classified intel to the Russians is just "worrisome?" Time for GOP to decide if they're American patriots--or traitors.
I hope that you will emulate your 1973 Republican colleagues and stand up to the president.
Trump is dangerous and needs to be removed via Article 25. Tin to out country before party
I must admit and I tip my hat to the Democrats No matter what they stand behind their man or women more than I can say for your sad party !
White House must bring itself under control Really your palls in Congress , Media , Special Interest Groups etc have declared WAR on DJT
THANK U FOR FINALLY STANDING UP
It is the fake news stories and their efforts to undermine this president that is creating confusion in the White HouseThe people know truth
regarding President Trump and alleged disclosure of sensitive information to Russian Ambassador is troubling . Facts Please where you there
Are sure your are not a member of the Democratic Party? I am sure your assistance with Pres Obama Iran deal was a centerpiece ?
"Downward spiral" Shut your big mouth. Why are you not supporting President.  Are you a Rhino ?  Democrat?  Liberal Nut? In GOP clothes.
Senator, please support an investigation into Trump sharing Intel w/Russia.  Country over party sir, this is beyond reprehensible.
Taxes, healthcare and abortion are not paramount to our natl security #whenwillrepublicansputcountryfirst
When do you put Country over Party?
Trump may not have revealed sources & methods but he revealed CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to our enemy. What's it going to take?
Why did you talk smack before hearing the story. Apologize!
Enough!  This president is a traitor and our republic is in danger. Actions now!  #BlockFBI. Call for bipartisan independent investigation!
Please investigate the state secrets Pres. Trump gave the Russians.
I email you daily! I demand an independent investigation of Trump! Please do your job sir!
https://twitter.com/RickyVaughnX2/status/864250544982032384 …
Hey Corky, you'll talk to the press at the drop of a photo op but not tweet your people. You are a reason for term limits.
The people voted for our presidents Agenda, back him or step down.
LAURA INGRAM JUAT SAID U MR CORKER ARE SHOCKINGLY BUT ODDLY NOT INFORMED. MCMASTER DIDNT BREIF U! U act dem!!!
Corker, WTF IS WRONG WITH U??U R THE SWAMP!! U KEEP UNDERMINING OUR POTUS!! WELL REMEMBER COME ELECTIONS U SOB
Hey are U even for the American people? What a calculated statement against the president TODAY
IF..and it's unlikely..there is a DUMBER member of the US Congress...NO DOUBT their name would be Maxine Waters! BUT it's a VERY close call!
Are you ..... you side with #MSN @washingtonpost with no evidence #shameonyou
Explain why your committee decided to not issue sanctions against Russia for their interference in our election!! You owe us an explanation!
Impeach Trump! Secrets revealed to Russians in Oval Office? Can you stand by any longer! Stand up dammit!
DO SOMETHING!!!! #FVEY
The President is incompetent - do something!  Please?!
trump approval at 38%! Expect to lose approx 36 house seats in 2018! Or, grow a pair and stand up! Country or party?

Sen. Corker bought & sold shares in @Chesapeake as a bill he co-sponsored benefitting the firm went through Congress http://politi.co/2rhVkYa  
How is that insider stock trading going?  You got any tips for honest folks?
When I google "Corker insider trading" I get 56,000 hits.   Whatcha' been up  to, Bob?
You're going to get f'd on your short position Bobby! What goes around comes around! Take your Wells $ and run for the TN Hills! #fanniegate
Sen Corker, your response to Watt is not productive to positive GSE reform. A utility model would be the best compr
Trump Must Be Impeached!!!! You will all go down with him! COUNTRY 1st!!!!!!!!!!!!
Appoint a Special Prosecution. Did Trump ask 4 loyalty to him or Russia?Country FIRST #ImpeachTrump
#TrumpRussia
Short FNMA & take another $10B. And you sit on the Banking Committee? #FinanciallyClueless #FannieGate @stevenmnuchin1 @MikeCrapo @POTUS
@jerome_corsi Bob Corker suggests shorting Fannie Mae and suggests they draw $10B just for kicks, & he sits on the Senate Banking Committee?
@SenBobCorker You suggest shorting Fannie Mae and suggest they draw $10B just for kicks, & you sit on the Senate Banking Committee?
The real reason Bob wants the credit risks to continue to be sent to #wellsfargo :hint it's free$ #Fanniegate #fraud
Sen Corker stands with Russia You let us know where your loyalties lie. You will go down in history as our modern day equivalent of a NAZI
WellsFargo @SenBobCorker, u think @USTreasury is ur savings account & GSEs r ur playground 4 ur personal gain u can simply kick them around?
You are the FILTH that is destroying AMERICA, private property ownership & enslaving the middle class.
@MicahTNDC @FHFA @YouTube Shorty b shortin fanniemae..what's the status on your ethics complaints and tax gymnastics strategy?
You're a crook and should be in jail
Time to resign, your actions speak louder than words. #fanniegate is one of the sorriest nationalizations, expropriations & coverups in USA
This Genie not going back into the bottle!
Stop lying and stop stealing Investors money from the GSEs. How much is enough money for you crooked @SenBobCorker?
Uh oh ... Bob did you see this ?
Wells Fargo fake account scandal may be bigger than thought http://cnb.cx/2razTt6 
why not tell how you benefit? Completely irresponsible behavior - take 10B... what? All while you short stock?!
Oh you showed up for some bankers? That's so hot impressive.
Ur a crook bob, the American people need to hold u accountable
Bobs a Tbtf whore, we need to clawback all the money these jerks make while in office
Just what is it you think needs reforming? FNMA has worked as designed since 1938 & Gov't has made 25%+ on the bail out Hank forced on GSEs.
Corker: FHFA shouldn't hinder Congressional #GSEreform efforts.
Watt: Corker shouldn't hinder FHFA conservatorship efforts.
Congress sat 9yr
What efforts?  It's been 9 years!  Recap and release....it is the logical solution.
@SenShelby @SenSanders @SenWarren @SenateBanking The only thing hindering congressional move toward #GSEUtility is congressional inaction!
Very troubling. Reveal unbridled corruption & disregard 4 office, law, & country. U must b getting desperate. R u losing $$ on your trading.
You little, little man. Bobby, ur little 10 billion capital experiment was the most ignorant comment I've ever heard coming from DC
Agreed, and that's saying a lot
You are putting tax payers @ risk. You have no understanding of assets & liabilities! capital vs. credit line! #reckless #fanniegate @GOP
For a goober like Bob to compare a failed repo business to a successful fortune 50 that's been around since 1938 is laughable #fanniegate
#GSE reform obviously too personal for you to act rationally. Leave it to others
You could say he has too much "invested" in it...
Pretty sure your blatant disregard for private property and abuse of gov power to steal from citizens would go over better in Venezuela 
You're a fake Repub. GSE's never needed a bailout, the forced loan was paid back including almost all the 10%, and you STILL want more!
Emperor Bob Corker is the Senate, break the law,draw that $10 billion you don't know the power of @WellsFargo #wellsfargo #FannieGate

Mel wanted to say "we've had this conversation before...just end the sweep and let us retain capital"
At 5:20, Watt couldn't finish his sentence, but he was wondering why you're such an asshole on GSE reform #fanniegate

Corker had 9 years to do housing reform & did nothing but lock the GSEs up & somehow u let the TBTF banks run wild
REPORT: FHFA’s Watt on The Hill: Prudential Regs & Political Interference
#byebob.    You are actually making it easy now!  Spoke with teachers across the state today!  No party lines.  They want you gone.  Realize
You really think posting your jackassery is a good move?
Thats Bubbq, he literally does what he wants. #ruleOfLaw is old & tired, just ask his bro @davidhstevens
@davidhstevens, only lawless thugs with no moral compass find d rule of law old & tired. Bad karma takes care of d evil, u can bet on that
Return the homes scammed with #makingyourhomeaffordable  #HAMP Older people really got the #shaft
With all due respect; you're a disgrace, Senator. The GSEs have paid treasury back with interest and are now confiscating shareholder money.
Disgrace is an understament. Yuge disgrace is more like it.
You've had your chance to find a problem to the solution. Mel already has them reformed. Your frustration brings me the utmost satisfaction!
$fnma https://twitter.com/pgray41/status/862871936132632577 …
@FBI @SEC_Enforcement @SEC_News Bob openly suggested people short $fnma $fmcc @FannieMae @FreddieMac & tells conservator to break #HERA law.
