Junk that Trumpcare. Go with a bipartisan fix to the ACA or nothing. I'm thinking a public option to buy into Medicare sounds good.
Do you support low quality, rationed care from the govt?  Typical.
That old scare tactic is wearing thin. We can see many other nations with UHC that have better health outcomes, for more ppl, for less money
No, you don't.  You see a child like Charlie Gard being sentenced to death by his own govt.  rationed, low quality care is the standard.
People should be free to seek care where ever they like. That is not incompatible with universal healthcare.
Every system rations care. We just do it by how much $ you have. Universal healthcare is more efficient so it does more with less.
The claim of "low quality care" is just not supported by fact. It's just a right wing myth. U.K. Japan Australia etc all have comp. care.
Of course it is; the best doctors leave to come to the US so they can get paid.  Medical breakthroughs happen here, not in those places.
He that taketh not his cross, and followeth after me (Love Thy Neighbor As Self), is not worthy of me...  Do Not Repeal or follow Greed
#crooked Corker works for himself & TBTF #wellsfargo trying to destroy #affordablehousing the scandal #FannieGate http://rol.st/1qCmTL8 
@potus @realDonaldTrump @stevenmnuchin1 @gmorgenson @FoxNews  @TuckerCarlson @DonaldJTrumpJr @StockMonsterUSA @RedNationRising @dcexaminer
Yes, you must gather together. You've no idea what other revelations are coming, #VoteNoBCRA #RussiaGate
So tell me what is coming since the press and the Dems cannot find anything.  So far it has been an bunch of nothing.
Mueller.
Columbo.  Do I get a prize?  All Mueller can do is investigate, unless you are counting on him to falsify evidence.
7 followers @DavidJo76044246... A computer program is engaging me in debate over lil' ok' Corker.
You would be wise to avoid the program given his understanding of the subject versus yours.
Program is engaging me! 'I love it!'
Program is disappointed as you haven't said anything worthy of his response so far.  He is getting bored.  Any evidence to provide?
Work with Dems to make ACA better.
Vote him out! @James_Mackler
Take this time to listen to your constituents and vote no on repeal/replace. Fix the ACA with Dems!
The Dems are the one that produced this monstrosity and you expect them to fix it?
ACA was full of REP amendments too. There are ways to fix ACA that won't leave 20+ mil citizens w/o coverage. Fix beats repeal/replace.
Really?  How would a gasoline engine run on a mix of unleaded and diesel?  The ACA was designed to fail by Dems in order to get single pay.

You did nothing while he and @SenAlexander wrote #BCRA in secret m. You have the gall to stand behind @SenateMajLdr NOW?
Bob has totally disappointed me by backing the basket of Drumpf deplorables in the crap cabinet.
He disappoints over and over and over like a broken record.
Vote him out! Vote for @James_Mackler !
We have a choice in 2018. We don't have to keep this murderer in office. He could care less about Tennesseans. Won't show his face. Pitiful.
You should stay long enough to start impeachment against The russian leader of our country. Do not know why you all are ignoring this risk
So, just to be clear, where are you on Treason? Are you in....or out? When and Where is your NEXT town hall? #TrumpCrimeFamily #corked
There is no proof of treason; unless you consider defeating Hillary as a crime.
 You just wait & watch. Every other there is no, turned into a NOW IS. Keep up. The Rethuglicans have added #TREASON to their own spin.
I have watched and seen nothing but Dems destroying any near future election chances that they might have.
Drugs , Delusions, or Bigly Alternate facts? 
The actual facts.  Do you seriously believe that people that need jobs are going to turn out for a party that has nothing but conspiracies?
Drugs or delusions? Fox Entertainment news has turned your brain to mush. Their charter doesn't even claim to be real news. Tin foil burn?
Only if you Vote NO! trumpcare=Greed, It hurts those who need it most! As a Christian & taxpayer I Say NO! Do Not Repeal-Be better than that
This bill strips $30-$35 million in Medicaid to TN low income & elderly; exempts Senators from losing consumer protections we'll suffer. Ugh
I live in Tennessee and I want to request again that you vote no on the Senate's disastrous healthcare bill. It will hurt so many people.

There are a lot of things you "should" do.  The question is: will you do any of them?  #Maddow  Vote no on #BCRA / #Trumpcare
Yea! The only recess I ever had was about a half-hour each day in elementary school in the '60s. Your dedication is appreciated. Thank you.
I hope that you plan to support the Cruz amendment.
Despite the criticisms Senator Corker, this EastTennessean born in Chattanooga and now living in Oregon,appreciates your performance.
Have a town hall to find out what Tennesseans want, oh that would be too much like work...OPPOSE BCRA/Senate health bill for starters.
Forgive my cynicism but the work will never be done. Is the Senate now in permanent session? Smells like political grandstanding to me.
Only as long as it takes to make healthcare unaffordable and give the savings to already rich people.

Considering the last 8 years of doing nothing, you guys might never get to leave.  #sad
You know that's not why he's asked this. He wants to ram the healthcare (wealthcare) bill through before the Russia thing goes to hell.
Wishful thinking.
find ways to let you know this continually. So either every (R) gives what they want or it is, GOODBYE, (R's) after 7 yrs,and wasted Months
Nice statement. H/C, the people living in the states, that are represented by their senators, Have told you all, WHAT THEY WANT, and will
Thank you, Sen. Corker
Please publicize your town halls.
Work with the Dems to fix obamacare, it is WORKING! Vote No on trumpcare! Say no to Wray (ties to Russians) To much Russian smoke and Fire!
You are right, Hillary selling our uranium to them was criminal.
No on Trumpcare
By the way, your golfing buddy colluded with Russsia. You are on the wrong side of history. #CountryOverParty #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
What history is that?  The "it's not fair to defeat Hillary and we can't take it" history?
Vote No on Senate healthcare bill. It is not good for TN or any other state. #VoteNO #VoteNoBCRA
Please read recent studies by @KaiserFamFound!
Every tweet I see on your feed has mostly angry responses. It seems as if you don't start sticking up for TN then you're out. #2018election
Check the vote totals for democrats versus republicans in Tennessee and you will see that this small handful of malcontents mean nothing.
Vote NO to BCRA! This bill will harm millions of citizens. Do your job & honor your oath. If you stand with McConnell, we will vote you out!
As a votiing constituent, I urge you to vote against current bill. Please work to improve the current Affordable Health Care Act.
We get it, Bob, you're scared to come home. You gonna fix the ACA (not repeal) while you're up there?
Do you ever read your constituents comments? And you say "on behalf.." doesn't look like your followers want that. Greeting from East TN
Trump should be staying in Washington too.
I would like you all to stay until compromise and work together attitude accomplishes help for the American people.  Not a good situation.
Docs in Judge Sweeney court will reveal the real truth about your motives....tick tock.
I agree!
Are you afraid to meet your enraged constituents?  Who do you work for, anyway?
Thanks! One of the only things I've agreed with from your mouth in months!!!
AMEN!!!! We don't want any of you going home until this VERY important Health Care gets done!
Tough tweeting from a senator that says "talk to others about politics," while running from reporters like a bitch
Will you vote yes to help veterans gain access to medical cannabis
Giving?  That is hysterical.
A novel thought
Good call
Senator, then get to work. You have only had 7 years to work on a health care plan. 
How noble of you! Now while you are there why don't you try to help your constituents who aren't millionaires. #WeThePeople
If our very own Senators don't have the stones to stand up to a corrupt administration, then each & every one of u needs to pack your bags
Did your mother give birth to any conservatives that lived?
All people? Or just rich ones? Will you work WITH the other side of the aisle to come to a healthcare comprimise? Or are Dems still banned?
That's why you were sent there. Get it done.
How about Congress gets no salary until America is a debt free nation.
And goodness gracious Bob, "my statement" is not someone else quoting you in passing.  Please just resign. #byebob
You are just afraid to come home bob? To think I once would have supported you for president. Shame you have become such a let down. #byebob
Tell me you aren't gonna throw thousands of your constituents off healthcare before you go on vacation. #CountryOverParty
Thank you, Sen. Corker!
Senator. I'm your constituent (37922).  Get your head out of the sand. The trump regime has colluded w/Russia. Act like an American.
It's not right to charge investors 3.8% Obama care taxes. It's not right to charge any group ADDITIONAL tax for health care. Ridiculous idea
Damn right
Remember the 25th amendment? I know what it means. Stand on ur feet & get off ur ass. Tn. People mean business. Get that fool out now!!
Mr. Corker. I'm a Tennesseean. You'll never get another vote from me if you don't step up & get that madman out of power.U can start it up!!
Be for the people instead of the party! 2018 is closer than you think. 
Kinda what the rest of us do daily. If my home ran the same as Congress, I'd still be planning things from 5 years ago.
I agree with you Senator-stay and get your work done.  And thanks!
When you DO get here, let us know.  Your constituents would like a word with you. #townhall
Yeah...I don't see that happening! I really used to think that Bob had Tennesseans best interest at heart. Obviously I was wrong. Too bad
You need a jumpstart Bonaparte
Sen. your silence with the involvment of the campaign with Russia tells the citizens of Tn that you are happy to play along with crooks.
Your accusations without evidence are nonsense.
Yeah!  Take your time to screw as many as possible!
How noble. For 8 years you did nothing but obstruct. Now you can't get anything done because you are trying to screw the working class.
Gonna be watching your vote on the healthcare bill. Is time to look at fixing what's wrong and working with Dems.  You could help lead!
Hopefully that means working in a bipartisan manner to find a sensible fix to ACA weak points.
Single party healthcare not working. Start over. Work w/ Dems. We used to call those who did statesmen.
Stand up to the Trump admin and stand up for TN. Strengthen the ACA and put people above politics.
If wise you will totally back away from this abomination of a heath care bill.  The citizens are up in arms, and @POTUS going down.
More time to vote NO on healthcare repeal!
No action on trump/Russia? My feeling is that you won't be staying in Washington too long. #2018
Yes you should.  If you had same insurance as what you are imposing on the public healthcare would get fixed
We are going to be watching you VERY closely when McConnell trots out his revised unhealthcare bill.
Your sucking skills are improving each and every day! Nice work!
Do you strongly oppose that travesty of a healthcare bill? Show you support TN. Vote against the BRCA.
So it's easier to stay in D.C. than to meet with your voters. Come look us in the eye when you tell us you support this mess.
"On behalf of the American people" ... if nearly 83% of the American people oppose TrumpCare, how can you argue you're working for us?
Are you working for us? Really it appears to me that u work for Trump & GOP fix no repeal & replacement
If all you're going to do is give billionaires a tax cut at the expense of the poor & elderly, then just leave Washington & don't return.
Like destroy the environment,not allow Medicare to negotiate pricing, have a retarded racist run education and so on.The GOP IS DISGRACEFUL
Pass law that Congress be put on same health care plan the voters who gave congress their jobs have to go on.
You are the typical slow talking Southern Gentleman that will put a knife in our back. You made millions shorting financials. Crook!
You want to stay there to kick people off healthcare & throw in rich ppl tax breaks, while you think we aren't paying attention.
What crap. You just want to sell off the GSEs you nationalized to your TBTF Bank friends that gave you $$ It's time for you to go MARK GREEN
NOTHING should "get done" until you deal with Russiagate Treason! NOTHING more important than protecting our country from RUSSIAN ATTACKS!
So you support prosecuting Hillary for selling uranium to the Russians?
Meaning you're happy to stay 600+ mi away from your constituents. You don't want to come home & hear how the BCRA will kill Tennesseans.
Maybe jailed. Will you do the right thing Senator Corker?
House, this country is in turmoil and as an American citizen I am sick of the daily drama. The Trump's should be removed from office and
Yes, just wait until lunchtime.
Will you do your job Senator, not just as s Senator, but as an American with the influence to get the job done. We have a virus in the White
If only you would listen to your constituents and actually do the work that We the People would have you do. VOTE NO!  #NoTrumpCare
He is too afraid to meet with constituents.  If you call his office about a town hall they give you the runaround #GOPhasnoballs
All I am asking for is what the Republicans should have done in the beginning, that is reject The Trump Mob and be a true Patriot.
Sounds smart, you just enjoyed the 4th holiday now make America Proud Again and improve the #ACA
Do the right thing for the country, not the party. Traitors, liars, con artists, do not belong in the White House. Remove them please.
your response to my letter stated you were ready to work with colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I'm holding you to that!
Senator Corker, it's time that the trash needs to be taken out of the White House. That trash should have never been there to start with.
You apparently are not familiar with the words election, and rule of law.
tax breaks for the 400 wealthiest Republican constituents will have a damaging effect to the poorest Americans ! Not American
Why are you staying in Washington to help rip healthcare from 22M people and give a tax break to millionaires?
Because he doesn't really care about constituents nor does he care to know him.
Translation: "we're changing healthcare to #WealthCare
Corker is working to take away Trump's opportunity to negotiate deals on sanctions with countries! GOO can't even get Trump bills passed
Vote no on Trump Care
Stand up to tRUMP
Please don't support current GOP Healthcare plan, & work w/o democrats to fix ACA. My son is disabled-autism-needs TennCare!
Your work on behalf of the American people should be getting Trump out of office.
good to hear, but just please Bob, don't cut any more deals with Iran, please, thank you
@JrzyJoePiscopo  you don't give a crap about the American people (not you Joe. I have much respect for you Don Piscopo)
The American people did not vote you in to destroy Fannie and Freddie that's for sure!
@BTRTSR On behalf of the American people, you must protect and defend the Constitution from foreign and domestic enemies.
#FixACA with the Dems You work for all your constituents poor,disabled,children,elderly and women. First Do No Harm!! #ACA is not failing.
We want socialized medicine ? Thanks a lot! Whatever!!!
Americans don't want a last minute Bill shoved down our throats, take your time and do it right.
Repeal, repeal, repeal.

Then, assess and finally, replace if needed.
Your primary work should be getting the Treasonous Trump family out of the people's house! Do your job or live with the consequences.
I get it.  Thinking it's probably best to lay low up there. Too hot in Tennessee for you?
That's after three spring recess, the Memorial Day recess, the June recess, and the 4th of July recess . . . ,
Anything to keep from spending time in TN?
Hillary aligned with the Ukraine govt, do you consider that to be treason?  Beating mad cap leftists is not a crime.
Perhaps if you were really trying to help the people, you could get over yourselves long enough to get something done.
I hope you will stop wasting time and work to strengthen the ACA. With Democrats.  I will continue to call, email and protest until you do.
We agree! Here's a list to get started:
Hiding from your constituents.
Lol - chicken shits. Part of your job is to face your constituents.
You’ve had more days off from work this summer than I have.

Former Watergate prosecutor Nick Akerman says Trump Jr. emails are "almost a smoking cannon." Told me "there's no question this is treason."
A great way to start would be to listen to the people, Bob. Working harder to cram big tax cuts for the wealthy down our throats won't work.
How does a tax cut hurt you?
How about you stay in DC to initiate impeachment proceedings?
While you are at it go ahead and get supplies down here for the civil war that will follow.  I will need popcorn as this will be fun.
Yes, please work with your Senate colleagues (incl. Democrats) to fix the #ACA by supporting ind. market insurers as @SenateMajLdr suggested
In other words, SCRAP the current #HealthcareBill and work together!
Stay as long as it takes to take away healthcare?
Too many people are taking the free ride The Democrats provided.They don't want to do the hard work.
Y'all get way to many vacation
ya'll should wear Togas....
Thank you.
"On behalf of the American people." That's who you work for, Bob. Not those big dollar outfits that are bankrolling your vote. Remember that
better start getting some legislation passed or you will all be replaced.
You have a sworn duty to defend the US from enemies foreign or domestic. Revoke Jarrend' Security clearance until Russia matter cleared up.
Jarred
Thank You for doing your job. Pls make sure you take into account ALL the American peoples not just those that vote 4 you. Thanks.
Thank you @SenBobCorker .
Key- as long as it takes @ussenate @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #DoYourJob #ServeThePeople
No pats on the back for losing your break. Vote NO on Healthcare Bill. NO credit for shoving it through without us seeing it! #VoteNoBCRA
Thank you for agreeing.  @SenateGOP should work before play
Please vote NO on BCRA. It is a terrible bill. Work with Dems to improve ACA.
Work with Dems?  I though you wanted to improve it?
Translation: This is our last hope before the shit really hits the fan and the arrests/ impeachments start
Impeachment?  For what?  Defeating Hillary?  Is that an actual crime?
Make the ACA better - don't take health care away from millions of Americans to cut taxes on the wealthy!
How do you make a law that was designed to fail better?
Please, no, take the month off, the year even.The @GOP and clown prince @realDonaldTrump have done enough damage. The republic is at stake.
Please help the state of Tennessee by opposing Trumpcare. Wynne Shelton, Knoxville, Tn
How can you know how to act on our behalf without having met with us?
if you're going to take away our access to healthcare, then by all means just go on home!
Your work?
Lining the pockets of the rich and ruining lives is not work...it's evil.
There is no fire like passion, there is no shark like hatred, there is no snare like folly,there is no torrent like greed-Siddhartha Gautama 
There is no worse sin than envy.
Great news! Now please get it done for us!
you mean on behalf of large corporations and your bosses the Koch brothers...who are you kidding ?
Prefer to call them by their real name:

Kock brothers.
Now, maybe get something done??? We hired you, now deliver!
But not worried about Trump Jr., Kusher, Manafort?
