Say support but just for the NEWS. You have no spine to stand up for the people of TN and others when we need your support.
Lol!!!  He is not stepping up to the plate.  Sounds like the same Plan as Pres Obama.  He is incompetent and needs to resign.
House and Senate need to get their act together and support the President's agenda.  We need the next 4 year term to undo damage by Obama.
Corker you need to start looking for another job. You are not a true Republican. We need people in Congress that we can rely on.
You do realize it's not the Senate's job to do the presidents bidding right?
Sen Corker, more war, just lines the pockets of wealthy, and kills those men desperate for jobs to support their families! No War, Please!
...Iran deal in place. The deal guarantees Iran nuclear weapons and a military conflict with them in the future. U helped our enemies to...
REALLY? Now you support him? Last week you said he was incompetent. Voters will let you know how they feel about you not supporting Trump
I agree...both my state senators continue to make me sick with their lack of support for our president! Will vote against both if continues!
The ONLY thing you've ever said that I agreed with was stating how incompetent tRump is, but now you're backing this nonplan?
If you watched the Arizona speech, and still feel that he is competent to lead our country, history will not look favorably on you. #impeach
Sen Corker, I do not support anything that engages the USA in more war. If Trump wants war, he should first send his own sons! Rethink!!!
do you support his toxic words against @SenJohnMcCain . STOP SUPPORTING THIS CRAZY MAN. He will take you down with him. Stand up for McCain
Vietnam Songbird and caused many of our guys to b left behind. Recently he, Obama Hillary funded, trained and weaponized ISIS = GENOCIDE
Yep, gotta hand it to that "Unstable" Trump.  If the entire SENATE was as "unstable" maybe we would actually see things get done!
Hmmm
Maybe you should be more careful of supporting people who are mentally unstable and cannot support you!
You can never know what is the real Bob Corker! Needs replacing. RINO
Well, at least you support him. He clearly does NOT reciprocate.
Well well well.....
#RINO @SenBobCorker Slammed Trump As Unstable Race-baiter. Corker However Failed 2 Disclose $4M in Income Over 8 Yrs http://truepundit.com/gop-senator-who-slammed-trump-as-unstable-racist-failed-to-disclose-4-million-in-income-over-eight-years/ …
Sen Corker; Agreeing with Trump is a mistake. He is not someone you should agree with. It will cause your defeat in the next election.
Ok pogostick
And yet you questioned the presidents ability to serve????
Seriously his so called "PLAN" is nothing new
Sorry if US has trouble trusting POTUS...a sedated speech can't undo his insanity.
I put Corker on my "Needs to b removed list" and pass it on.

Admire your courage to stand up to our dangerously unfit President regardless of political consequences. #countryb4party
I agree. I'm looking for the Trump boys to be suited up and fight for our country.  #RealPatriotsDontDodge #MAGA Trump boys go to war 4 USA
@SenBobCorker enough with your lies and deceit. People of Tennessee know about you now. We support @realDonaldTrump
And if you vote to censor POTUS, better look for another job. ;)
AMEN
Funny that question the stability of POTUS. Ur the psychopath that helped Obama violate the treaty clause of the Constitution and put the...
@SenBobCorker support for @POTUS one day and flipping the next with outrageous comments shows he is a untrustworthy #GOPElite #DrainTheSwamp

Disappointed in you. Trump is imbalanced and you do nothing.
We who have supported you in the past don't give a crap what you support anymore. Protect your ears for you will soon be tossed out on them.
TN deserves better than two democrat senators who labeled themselves as @GOP My family will not vote to reelect you or @SenAlexander
Support our Troops. Support our President. Don't be ruled by the old, tired, Republican Establishment.
Your despicable comments about the President requires a primary challenge. We won't forget. #Trump

http://navajohozho.wordpress.com  We are in many Constitutional Crisis-es.  Case in Point, 3 correct outputs from 2016 election #TheResistance #resist 

So you support Trump? Yet, you call into question his mental competence and stability? Make up your mind. That means Poop or get off the pot
Better never censor the president. Never censored the last incompetent. Oh that's right all he did was golf and basketball.
How can you support Hitler Trump when you know he is incapable of doing his job? His rally melt down was insane.
You're support is too late and displaced. You are not a #republican
Sounds like blah blah blah
Thanks Sen. Corker for arming Iran with nukes. Sell out
The biggest problem in approaching a problem involving non-Westerners is using a Westerner POV. That's where you & those like you fail.
Glad to see you supported Afghanistan strategy.  Please don't cause more divisiveness by voting for censure. It's not right.
It's about time you supported something he has done.. I'll never support you again. #RINO
Of course you do since it wasn't Obama saying it. please.
What is new... ? More bodies... in a foreign culture and war which has nothing to do with our Country
"I support the direction of our mentally unstable @POTUS, for the US role in #Afghanistan." Is he mentally competent, or not, Sen. Corker?!
Thank you
UR a bigger sleaze than I thought. Sure hope an honest Constitutionalist who supports @POTUS 100% beats your a**.
This is Bob... 
Stop bad mouthing our president & support him!
As far as the difference in policy. We will not worry with rebuilding their government, we will just focus on killing the bad guys.
Bob the gig is up on you . You are officially done in this State. You had your chance to back the @realDonaldTrump and you didn't.
I will be voting for Corker in part because he stood against Trump.
And you will be on the losing end just like with Killary . Do you my man!
#Sad
Reversal of fortune, a disappointing turn, flip-flopped
worse than Trump,  a GRAVE error. The young!
You go!
No bob corker you don't support anything about the president and you have been revealed as a MAGA OBSTRUCTIONIST WITH RIDICULOUS ACCUSATIONS
The directions he laid out are the same as the ones Obama put in place...Our soldiers will never leave that country!! #politicianwords
Please explain.
2/2 FYI- Sept 30 330,000 members Stormfront at Great Smoky Mountains
1/2 FYI-.@Schwarzenegger has a blunt message for Nazis.
https://twitter.com/attn/status/898328098529083394 …
Tennessee Counterprotest peacefully Aug 26 Knoxville,
.@Schwarzenegger has a blunt message for Nazis. 
NO ONE cares what you support! YOU RINOS HATE it when he TELLS THE TRUTH but are all in with your warmongering BS!
Suckered in ALREADY?
There was no "direction" laid out . It's just more of the same old Republican War Machine. I'm sure you will make a lot of  off of it.
Kissing up to Trump now ! What a total worm. A disgrace to TN & our country.
Corker tell us about the 4 million in income you " forgot" about, are you going to censure yourself?
Doesn't matter, you promised to #RepealObamaCare and you didn't. Your constituents will hold you & @SenAlexander accountable. #DrainTheSwamp
What direction? More war?
Our Commander in Chief has zero values
I support ANY candidate running against you in the Primary. Time for you to leave.
Too late for me.
Yeah but you were heard blasting the POTUS, you will not get another term.... get behind The POTUS or get run over!!!
Make sure u continue to agree with Trump, try. Like Dems unity in party
As a Trump supporter, veteran and Trump supporter, I appreciate your remarks. I hate war, too, but some things are necessary.
HE SAID NOTHING OF SUBSTANCE NOTHING WAS LAID OUT AND HE WAS CLEARLY SEDATED
Concerns of @BRRubin. There are many. Seems we are actually headed nowhere with Afghan policy.
I'm glad ur supporting POTUS if u get hung up on how people phrase things u wouldn't support anyone let the left have that nonsense
Troll
I have trouble supporting any foreign policy made by someone who doesn't know that Afghanistan doesn't have a prime minister.
He's the same corrupt & incompetent guy he was last week, Bob. He hasn't changed overnight.
Nice to see u r on ur meds again @SenBobCorker
You need to get a backbone and put the citizens that gave you your job first.
What was the direction Senator?  Because I think I missed it. ?????

How about that FOUR MILLION dollar oversight on your taxes? How does a man making what little money you make have that many investments?
U BETTER !!.....GREAT speech take off the gloves and let the military do their job ... MAGA TRUMP 
Of course you do Bob. Anything Donny wants, you're there as his lackey to give him does that mean the Dump children will enlist? Sad!
History repeats itself
Distilled to its essence, Trump said, "I will declare victory and go home" even if I have to kill 1000's more boys to seem "honorable".
Then you must also oppose tax cuts
Suckholing much Bob Corker?

A couple of days ago you called out President Trump? 

You're done in the view of Americans. @TEN_GOP
U have not saved face with this. Too late. U have shown UR true character to #wethepeople NATIONWIDE! Please show some dignity and Resign
Mr. Coker are you sure you're stable after all the trash you've been saying about our president do you know anything about our democracy
Bob....ur a corrupt Tn. Mayor, who is now an extremely corrupt Senator pretending to be an expert on foreign affairs. #Fanniegate
War monger!
Bob, Bob Bob, 4 million in income not reported? And you just slammed your biggest supporter Trump? Yikes, how is lonely island gonna feel?
Make wise choices, you know, what you guys criticize Trump for, but you were wrong
Well good news, Trump is bringing back coal jobs, grab your coal pick, there will still be work
We want peace. It has been over 17 years of war.
Word salad, *yawn*
We are going go primary
Your ass go to a Trump
Rally and pretend you stand
With us. All along back stabbing
Did  not disclose 3.5 million
Translated: blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
IT'S ALL BEEN TRIED OVER THE LAST 16 YEARS!!! U R JUST PANDERING & HELPING CHANGE THE FOCUS!!! DISGUSTING!!!!!!
Actually you are wrong. All before him tried to build a new Demoracy. He is actually going let our military hunt down and kill bad guys.
And over the last 16 years, No one has tried that?
Kill one and recruit another!
just keep killing them it will work out.
 I have family who has lived in that world and it doesn't work! I angers and recruits more!!! This macho attitude is part of the problem.
No you are wrong. you can ignore them and be passive like you want or you can eradicate them. Bring the fear of the United Sates military
I will not play this game anymore but I will say that you would benefit by doing some reading on this subject about what  has worked and not
I am donating to your primary challenger.
Oh so you trounce all over him last week and support him today? Time for a new Senator that doesn't flip flop! WE MUST support our Pres!
Who's "we"? "We" don't have to do anything in regards to the so-called president. All "we" have to do is what is morally right.
And what is morally right is to stop supporting and condoning white supremacy and those who tolerate it, like your hero, #Trump.
How would you know turncoat? TN. voters will help Trump clean out the swamp starting with you!!!
You're toast! We have all seen your true 'BLUE' colors! See you in the Primary!
QUESTION FOR SEN CORKER, DO YOU OR DO YOU NOT SUPPORT THE 1A AND RIGHTS TO ALL AMERICANS, NO MATTER IF YOU DON'T LIKE THEM?
So you support extending a 16 year war, all while voting to take away affordable healthcare from US citizens. Clearly not pro-life.
Well, I don't support this direction. Not that it matters to you since I'm just one of your constituents.
#eastTNresist
Of course u don't support it u have no idea what it would take to properly leave Afghanistan
How about supporting him in all of his agenda. The state of TN overwhelmingly supported him. You should to or 2019 will end your run.
I'm sure it will be as successful and popular as repeal and replace.
Guarantee it will save more money than ACA and probably help more people
Kelly made Trump hand over foreign policy to DeepState Pentagon, wars fertilizing terrorism 4Pakistan&India. Sen Paul Ryan understands ...
OMG neo con hawk
Thank you for speaking out against the president last week. But you need to go further. He's unfit #25thAmendment & a traitor #ImpeachTrump
it's about time you get behind the President!
You better start supporting our president
We've all heard enough from you. Don't want to read any more in a attempt to obfuscate what said about the President. We'll see you primary.
What direction is that, exactly? I didn't hear anything but hollow platitudes...
Your probably a libturd should listen more carefully
So you like what Obama was doing, but without timeframes, milestones, goals and don't want to say how many troops will be sent to harm's way
Are you a Democrat?
Too late, bob.  You're not getting reelected.
Then back him when he calls out all the problem makers like BLM, ANTIFA, Neo-nazis and White Supremacists. All should be on terrorism list
Too late Bob. Say goodbye to reelection....no one cares about how you feel since you gave $ and nuclear weapons to Iran....
You two jokers could stand some guidance from a veteran who's served in the Middle East. Let's replace you with @James_Mackler.
I served in Iraq and POTUS plan makes most sense besides what do u know
No Eric Prince from Blackwater/Xe
Don't lose focus: He's a white supremacist and commited treason with Russia. #ImpeachTrump
Hahaha another MSNBC poll of only 2,000 people. What a joke
So glad you approve of something you fake you need to apologize for questioning his mental stability to lead
Seems to little to late Senator after you ditched POTUS several days ago. You are uninformed about protester groups & fly w political winds

Trump to expand U.S. role in Afghanistan, add pressure on Pakistan, but doesn't detail timeline or troop level
http://on.wsj.com/2v9j6Iy 
Blessings upon you
You realize the Barnett shale is one of the largest reserves in the world. We also have the largest reserves in the world
You're a part of the BEAST. You can choose to remove yourself from it. Until you do everything you do as one of its members is ANTI-CHRIST.
Uh, it's not "true" science... just science. That's what makes it true.
Inumerable injustices have been committed in the name of science just as in the name of "religion". Science in denial of God is not science.
SURELY you know that this was a scripted distraction. Trump doesn't know what he SAID, let alone how to do his job. And YOU fell for it.
Did he denounce David Duke's assertion in Charlotte that the KKK are carrying out Trump's agenda? Frankly, he's squandered the trust of us.
You would support a turd if it was Trump's idea. You have no balls!
I am with you Senator on what you say. Policy of the last decade did not work. Let us try this approach.
This approach is different...how, exactly?
#RINO #BLOWHARD
