Why have we not heard from the Senators from Tennessee and their support for,@POTUS , We watch Mueller,Comey, Dem's commit treason, GOP noth
440,000 veterans will lose healthcare under #HealthcareBill. We can't believe the lies you expect Tennesseans to believe on a daily basis.
Enormous numbers of veterans rely on #Medicaid -- which both you and he are poised to drastically reduce. More like broken promises. #BCRA
Quit ur phony outrage-"Enormous" nos of vets r homeless while obama/dems brought in 'refugees': https://twitter.com/rogerhorn2005/status/809876215146237952 … #Vets1st #NoRefugees
1 more in my series of vids of homeless in #usa incl. #vets @ same time govt funds ''refugees '.#NoRapefugees #AmericaFirst #VetsFirst 
Nursing homes depend on Medicaid, are you going to protect the elderly in Tenn.
I am certainly thankful that we have a president that loves America and the Veterans.
Alan, Trump loves himself. Period!
Do you not love yourself?
Alan I try to have as small of an ego as possible.  We would all be better off if Trump tried to do the same.
MR. Land, I admire that charactistic in anyone, however being president of the United States might require a person to bolster his own ego.
You should vote NO on the healthcare bill. Do not punish those of us with preexisting. We need affordable ins more than rich need a tax cut
If Alexander plans 2 run 4 his 100th term we r voting him out. He helped draft horrific bill. Mr Corker say NO or Do you want 2 b voted out?
He always keeps his word. Republicans need to stand with Mr Trump and help him carry out the agenda he ran on or we will replace them.
Trump keeps his word? What about all of the people he has stiffed? Trump university? 4 bankruptcies? No legislation passed?
Did you notice the 2nd part of this: whistleblowers! Why do you support him when he goes after whistleblowers that show POTUS to be criminal
Because they show criminal activity of politicians.Makes u wonder what Corker is hiding.
I would like to make an appointment to talk to you personally about healthcare for women in your constituency (of which o am one).
Yes I would like that 2. As well as many other women. I sincerely doubt he will accommodate us. Repubs are running/hiding from us right now
Come election time they can no longer hide. We need some good ppl 2 choose from n TN. A good candidate to stand behind & put in office 4 ppl
A 100% P&T Veterans, was told he had an appointment in a month abd for him to drive a 130 miles from his home to MH VA, would not see him


And your statement on this new "healthcare" bill, where is that?
The liars club. Wat do yu expect  Mr evil and his hand maiden the swampsters
WOW!  You stand behind firing whistleblowers faster!
But what about his word to leave Medicaid,  Medicare  and Social Security alone? Tenn people demand you vote NO to AHCA.
You can't trust a compulsive liar like Trump. Hopefully, your Senator will help.
@realDonaldTrump never kept his word on anything!
Just how far up that ass does your head go?
ThT just allows for firing probably without cause. It gives strong powers  without reason. Only to empower the fascists
Yet, in TN, I took my husband in (Trump fixing it?) on 3/31-will call in 2wks, in 4/17-will call in 1 wk- still no call- appvd but no appt.
Our Veterans deserves a government that has their back. It's time and I'm thankful President Trump has kept his word. Drain the swamp
What about his promise not to cut Medicaid, Medicare, & Social Security? He is a liar.  #TrumpcareKills
BS Bob, just means he made it impossible to hire quality people for the VA by making more REGULATIONS!
Veterans using #Medicaid will see coverage weakened. I hope your strategy of tying yourself to trump backfires w/ TN voters in 2018.
Silence on him gutting Medicare, I see? As a Tennesseean, I'm disappointed.
#ResistTrumpcare #ResistTrumpBudget 
#SaveMedicaid 
Senator Bob Corker
Call this senator now!
(202) 224-3344
glad you are a member of congress.  You are really looking out for the United States.  Keep up the good work.
But what about Medicaid, Medicare, & care for the chronically ill??  We deserve FULL care not limits for tax credits! Say NO to ACHA
how much of a tax break will YOU get through this new bill?? We have a right to know.
then why are veterans protesting this?
Vote NO on Trumpcare. It will kill 1000s of your constituents.
Good for VA but healthcare bill is a no go!
Get off of that golf course and represent your constituents, not your pocketbook!
How does this legislation helps veterans? It doesn't. The VA is an easy target, making it easier for privatization. FULLY FUND THE VA!
Making it easier to fire civil servants doesn't help veterans. How about the funding to fill the 45,000 unfilled positions in VA healthcare
Stop kissing Trump's behind when he rememberer he's president for a whole minute or two. What about Medicaid?
remember when he said he hasn't gonna cut Medicaid and everybody would be covered with 'the best healthcare'?
Apparently you haven't even read the senate healthcare bill. 
You have obviously never used Cerner
By giving them zero health insurance discussing
Dang I sure hope it is good, you represent me
And then takes the thing and sullies it by bullying the secretary on camera. The man's a horror.
I really hope we clean out the bad in Nashville & Murfreesboro Va such an atrocity, family member has to go through American legions, crazy?
