Corker hasn't demonstrated the stability or competence to be successful. TN voters are watching and talking. We are done with @SenBobCorker.
Stand with @RepJoeCarr to "replace" @SenBobCorker in #Tennessee. We want a real man who backs the @POTUS #WE #Tennesseans voted for.

#MAGA
You need to step up and support our @POTUS we will not allow liberals to shut down conservatives. That's the war, we all condemn racism!
Thank you President Donald Trump!
Corker is a fraud..pure establishment/globalist..vote him out TN!!
Corker I think the only chance you or Lamar have is if you STAND WITH TRUMP!!!! I am also a Tennesseean!! 
Whoa,little fellow.
You sure pissed me off. No loyalty. What you do to him you do to those who voted for him.
hello how are you doing there
YOU IN YOUR CHATTANOOGA INTERVIEW PROVE WHAT I HAVE SUSPICIONED FOR YEARS. YOU ARE MORE FULL OF CRAP THAN A CHRISTMAS TURKEY!!!
Yeah, i don't know if i would trust their work.
Just a photo op for a phony
No thanks to you. Thank trump
those jobs gonna be filled by foreign workers?
Hey Knox country,  corker sides with the liberals against Trump, corker is going to screw you like the liberals do
My money goes to anyone that primaries you.
Great to see Bob Corker not afraid to speak up about Trump...was worried the GOP were just his puppets
Nice working partner.
What part did you play in this SENATOR Corker.?
Hey CORKER, WHY DID YOU FAIL TO DISCLOSE 4 MILLION IN INCOME OVER 8 YRS!   http://truepundit.com/gop-senator-who-slammed-trump-as-unstable-racist-failed-to-disclose-4-million-in-income-over-eight-years/ …  @POTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr @Drudge_Siren

We need to thank our president for helping with jobs in the US.
Lifetime, do you really want to be associated with a political leader who is too cowardly to condemn Neo-Nazis and the KKK? #SilentNazis
Liar! He did condemn them, multiple times.. get out of your CNN bubble
Fantastic. Now could you take a moment to denounce President Trump for being a Nazi sympathizer?
Lol...  u silly Liberals...   (Trumps approvals up to 40+%)...   lol. Trump 2020
I’m sorry my dude.
You can begin your thanking our current POTUS and 63 million voters.  #MAGA
Job creation is because of Trump NOT YOU!   Don't make the mistake and take all credit sir!  You disrespected President!
jobs?? you YOU doing that??? no- is Trump doing that?? yes..
U can thank Trump - we're waiting... (and voting)!!
HOW LONG IS IT GOING TO TAKE FOR SENATOR  CORKER TO DO SOMETHING . FOR AMERICA. OBAMA CARE IRAN DEAL, WAR. DEBT. WHAT YOU CAN DO IS RESIGN
Yeah, when will Trump take the credit
You are an embarrassment to TN! #ImpeachBobCorker
Yep! I can thank President Trump Only.
You're just one more fake "Republican" who pretends to represent theTrump voters, but you lie every time you open your mouth. You're a fake!
You're just a DC establishment RINO who fears losing your cushy Senate life & want Trump to fail!  He knows why we voted for him, you don't!
You need to issue a public apology to @POTUS asap
Thank you President Trump

Bob "The Price Is Right" Corker hates that @realDonaldTrump can't be bought by @WellsFargo like he was 
We support our President, not fake g.o.p establishment hacks jumping on board the left hate train to score points. MAGA
DUMP THIS USELESS SENATOR FROM THE DO NOTHING CONGRESS WE NEED SENATE THAT CAN GET THINGS DONE NOT FAST TALKING POLITICIANS  THAT DO NOTHING
All these bots with thousands of tweets and very few followers - dems have them heaping praise on you for your backstabbing Trump - proud?
if it wasn't for trump...these jobs wouldn't come in...shame on you...you are nothing more than a rino sir! Hope u are run out of office!
Your not welcome on the TRUMP TRAIN...
No thanks to you and Lamar backing Democrat supported taxation & regulations including the ACA
poor dumb Steve. Corporate welfare dwarfs social welfare. Tax Credits for billionaires. Get an education please. Stupid is a pre-existing dx
Please stop taking taxpayers money for lunches etc and retire need new young people!!!!
Thank PRESIDENT TRUMP for this instead of stabbing OUR REPUBLICAN President in the back!!
you prefer front stabbers? what are you talking about? Mooch is gone.  get a life.
Vote this man out!! Rhino
Thank you PRESIDENT Trump



Ur ignorance is in full view...  Trump will let fools in Europe deal w/ their self created issues
. Isn't it wonderful that @POTUS CARES ABOUT BRINGING COMPANIES & JOBS BACK TO AMERICA?!
Corner the loser Trump 2020
Not getting many retweets Corker.  We don't want you in the office anymore. We are all behind Trump. Shut your mouth
You're the Republicans only hope. If Trump isn't impeached soon History will be harsh on anyone who doesn't protect us with a impeachment
Spoken like a true liberal who's still squealing from ur Hilly loss.  They're gonna book her too...  lol!!
I live in Knoxville. I warned you Mr corker last fall that Trump is a narcissist pathological liar and very unfit for the job. Many warned 
congratulations!! Great news, great products #MadeInAmerica
Thanks to Trump!!
Please, for the love of god and all things holy, stop pretending like our country is not being ripped apart!
All these comments about Trump but no one talks about the stud in the orange shirt? #priorities
Priceless
Why are GOP Senators not calling for Trump's resignation?! Nixon resigned when Goldwater & Rhodes demanded it. They're in bed with him. 
I'd like to get one of their basketball goals
Your Bigly buddy is a Nazi.
Senator, your silence on the remarks of President yesterday speaks volumes to your constituents. You must speak out AGAINST his statements!

Good job. Keep them coming to Tennessee. Thanks for supporting @POTUS   #maga. #mtga
Can there please be some accountability for this? I am stunned. People watch how @SenBobCorker treats this woman: https://twitter.com/indivisible_tn/status/897950697538375681 …
Omg notice how when he realizes he's being filmed he stops squeezing her arm!
I KNOW! I knew he was an awful person but wow. That was not only so condescending and inappropriate but total intimidation!
Absolutely!
You are a lousy representative for the people of Tennessee. We voted for the President. Support his agenda.
More deflection from your ties to Trump
Love Trump...  keep pushing the liberal narrative...   trumps up in the 40's now in approval...
Hey Bob, You're out!
Cool story.  Um...what are your feelings about neo-nazi and white supremacists?  No thoughts?  Oh...ok...we'll just assume u are one. Thx
So now you're done with the tour you're gonna get right on the problem in the WH, right?
You are either participating in the solution or perpetuating the problem. You can't shirk this duty.  Are you in the @GOP or #neoGOP ?
Swell. Now, how long do we have to wait for the man elected to represent ALL Tennesseans to disavow POTUS' statements -and the man himself?
Look at the photo Bob. Why are you so small? Is that why you like Trump? Are your hands bigger? Please get a backbone and do some good.
70 follower small-time Soros bot. Bob they're swarming your TL. Many under 100 follower dem paid trolls. Silly - they smell blood. #MAGA

Bob,you have supported this so called president far to long. TN will get rid of you because tolerance is not acceptable with racist. #Byebob
Why aren't you denouncing 45?
You're a Nazi sympathizer Bob. All the distractions in the world won't cover that up. Trump's a white supremacist.  Tell him so.
Why does the @GOP stand for Trump. All he has done is Commit Treason and incite violence 

Is this what the #GOP stands for
#ImpeachTrump
Your silence is complicit
Your inaction is complicit

@GOP you made this you fix it

What will it take
#ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
Trump hard at work
The people with ant Trump comments on this tweet are democrats who'll never vote for you.
Support Trump or get voted out.
No we are people who don't stand for Treason and Racism. I voted for McCain 2x and Reagan 2x.
When r u gonna call Trump's racist behavior by name?  
Was never called a racist his entire life until Libturds
Support our President or get voted out.
Is that all you have to say today?  We need to hear you rebuke the President's remarks.  I am your constituent.
Have you lost your mind? Illegal immigration down over 70%, redoing trade deals, about to punch pharmaceuticals in the nose
Get behind our President or '18 and '20 will be a sea change for professional politicians. We've had it with all of you.
Bob! You're in #Knoxville? When's the town hall? Got some things to discuss with you: #DefendDACA #EndWhiteSupremacy #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
https://twitter.com/indivisible_tn/status/897950697538375681 …
Ewwww who knew @SenBobCorker was so handsy???
What will you do about Trump chaos? #Impeachtrump
Lol...  u silly Liberals...   (Trumps approvals up to 40+%)...   lol. Trump 2020
That's nice. How about standing up for your constituents and denouncing #Nazis and #whitesupermacy? #NoWhiteSupremacyHouse
. Like POTUS did over&over? Disappointed LEFTIST so much they are hammering hard the lies of media so uniformed citizens wont hear truth
Awaiting your statement on POTUS racist press conference.  We are watching!
Job creation is good, really.
What else is happening?
@repjimcooper @tndp
Where is your renewed statement denouncing the president using his name!
WHAT IN GOOD GODS NAME IS THIS?!?!?!? Are you trying to pretend yesterday didn't happen!?!?
Wondering why it's taking so long for you to denounceTrump's nazi loving white supremacist defending remarks.
Maybe you approve of them?
Don't talk about ANYTHING til you address the elephant in the room. I swear. @RepDianeBlack going off about taxes, you this.
You still support dopey and his racist agenda? THOUGHT SO!
Who the EFF cares!
Very interesting, Senator. Now we're gonna need you to repudiate the President and call for his removal from office. 
-Your Constituents
Too busy physically intimidating women constituents who paid to ask "why no town halls?"

https://twitter.com/indivisible_tn/status/897950697538375681 …
Where is your statement on Trump thinking the Nazi's are victims
Cool, 1200 more people that you won't invite to a town hall.
