I know you are familiar with Chattanooga's annual music festival. These outdoor concerts will  not begin to be safe until you pass gun laws

#1 in US? US has more mass murders than any other country? Wonder why
And you dont think theres an agenda behind all these mass murders?
We have a gun problem in our country. Not looking to debate crazy conspiracy theories. Enjoy your day.
Or has the terminator franchise become a reality and guns are now magically killing people on their own?
Sick people are killing and using guns. There are people everywhere but no country has so many mass murders. What differs 
Look at what has happened historically to citizens whos government has outlawed guns.
"Praying"?  How about enacting some common sense gun policies that save lives? 2nd amendment doesn't guarantee automatic weapons for peeps.
By all means show me where any of the 16000 gun laws worked. Maybe less restrictions on open carry. More guns in the hands of responsible
See Australia, United Kingdom, rest of developed world.
Right about now im sure theres plenty in the uk wishing they had guns
Nonsense. They think we are nuts. Read more.
Im sure the libs across the pond have their heads in the sand just the same as our libs
You r a joke.
No not a joke my friends.  Just a very liberal democrat.  Always have been always will b
It wasn't rocks he was throwing that caused this carnage. He had machine guns. Time to take a stand and ban them.
Lol what model of machine gun did he have? Asking for a friend
Quit " praying" and do something
Sure democrats didn't pay for the'tragedy'! You guys are guilty as hell..
old man (corker) is mad & bitter he isnt going to live off the tax payer anymore. Get a real job corker!
your praying, i thought you enjoyed bashing our President, but your praying can't have it both ways can you OR CAN YOU
Right now Republicans are trying to pass H.R.367 making silencers cheaper

Silencers make it harder to detect the source in a mass shooting.
Even greater burden to those who were in hospital or who still are... Huge Hospital Bills. Here in Canada they would have none.
Pray, yes, but . . . more gun regulation would accomplish much more to end these needless tragedies. Something similar to what we all go through before we can get a license to drive a car . . . Common sense.
Protect us from lone wolf, white terrorists.  More than prayers are needed!
ban assault weapons, license guns
support hr669.  support ban on bumpstock and assault rifles.  citizens do not need these guns.  no wall. support Daca. support clean air.
Wouldn't it be great if trump let family members stay in his hotel free of charge while in Vegas? @realDonaldTrump


How about a little gun control? Banning semiautomatic guns for starters?  I'm licensed to carry, but this is too much!
Phoney words. You don't care about any Tennessean or you'd have already passed healthcare and tax reform. Also confirm @POTUS 229 still left
Then do something. Tell NRA no.
Ok so sooo.... intelligent gun laws are coming?!?!
Their blood is on your hands.
a recent poll showed that 94% of Americans across the country support background checks for guns, not just anti-auto gun gadgets alone. 2nd Amend not over lives. NRA so angry& extremist but Globally we're laughed at. Australia loves guns but has common sense laws for 20 years now
U know trump will do NOTHING abt NRA, bump stocks might be banned then they will be bought on black market very easily like everyx else.
Prayers are good, but these tweets are much too common. Bring to mind verse about "faith without works".
Faith without works is DEAD!
Here's an idea. Legislative for stricter gun laws.
I’m praying that you stop taking bribes from the gun industry.
In Kennesaw, Georgia the Sheriff requires it's citizens be armed, and that place is safe. A car in the wrong hands is a deadly weapon.
I’m not sure what any of that has to do with the bribes our Senator is taking from the gun lobby.
I am your constituent_I want meaningful gun control legislation_time 2 get the NRA out of our government_time for #singlepayer #heartbroken
Your constituent should move to South Side of Chicago where guns are banned.
You can thank Obama for his 8+ disastrous years of divisiveness! !
Didn’t know RINO's prayed?
Thoughts and prayers are not enough. "For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also." (James 2:26)
#RenewJonesActWaiver
Perhaps the Pres and rich friends will pick up the bill. Seriously, some ones should.
Pray for the courage to stand up to the NRA.
Pray for yourself ! To change your ways. We need more than prayers, need action to Make America Great! Quit, go fishing! Costing us money for nothing in return. Retire, get New Job!
We're praying u quit early
Please enact gun control legislation to protect us all
You going to pass sensible gun control legislation? There's more paperwork for me to hold a bake sale or collect rainwater than to get a gun
Senator laws work alot better than prayers.
We need to do more than just pray.
Please stop supporting and getting money from NRA. Do the right thing for the country.
Please do something to prevent another massacre by supporting common sense gun control.
There are things to be done once praying is over. Start with lifting curb on CDC studing #gunviolence, perform #universalbackground checks.
don't sit there praying, FIX IT!
Can we have some God damn gun control legislation now please
Prayers will not stop this from happening. Stop praying and do something. That is your job. Do your job and protect Americans from guns.
It is a senseless tragedy, one you could have helped prevent @GOP @GOPChairwoman @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
While you are praying can you plez regulated 2A b4 we are all dead?
Don't just pray, enact policy change! No one needs semi-automatic weapons. #BanBumpStocks #GunControl #
Call it what it is domestic terrorism
You have the power not only pray, but to do something about this senseless problem about gun policy.
You were probably connected in some way! More security needed. You don’t have OSI stock, do you Bob....?
How about a little less praying and a little more doing?  Doubtful - just another #SlaveToTheNRA
Pray in one hand, crap in the other. Which one gets full first? Don't pray, legislate! Do something about gun nuts shooting up the country.
God doesn’t exist. Stop with the child’s play and fix our fucking gun laws, BOB
Do something please. Guns have become America’s cancer.
Let's follow up with actions for sensible gun control. We cannot live with mourn, pray and repeat any more. Time to actually is NOW.
Lets talk about why these mass shootings are so prevalent in our society. Why are we like this as a country?? hard questions need answers.
#GunControlNow
#GunControlNow
The innocent blood of all these people is on your hands unless you change the gun laws so people can't do this. Do something to save lives!
stop praying and start doing something with your profession. stop trying to pass large capacity magazine. quit banning gun registry.
#GunControlNow
#GunControlNow
Please Consider being part of the solution  instead of part of the problem!
Please help to get sensible gun control! This needs to stop!
You're an anti- #Trump loser!
Please do something sensible. Like regulation. Look at the studies. Before you retire please stand up. Make a difference.
You are one of the few with the power to change things. Pass strict gun laws and Make America Safe Again!
Gun laws are strict enough,The left will do the worst to take our rights and freedoms away from the people.
For prayers we look to our priests, rabbis, preachers. From our Senator we expect action. DO SOMETHING!
I would like to know what hunter needs an automatic weapon or to shoot a deer or any other game?  Use COMMON SENSE?
While you are praying, be sure to ask forgiveness for your vote in 2015 against the Assault Weapons Ban.  Blood on your hands.
My thoughts exactly. The repubs against stricter gun laws share responsibility in this tragedy!
Please do something about this, Senator. Continuing to ignore the problem and voting against expanded background checks will make it worse.
Since you took $$ from the NRA you are part of this problem we don't need your prayers
Please retire from the Senate now. Perhaps your replacement will take action to stop this madness, rather than offering thoughts and prayers
Fix it with laws not prayers. Do your job.
Are you still praying or are you actually going to do something!?! @SenAlexander

Prayers won’t stop the suffering American families are going through.  Do something meaningful before you leave Congress, like gun reform.
Do you mean the families in Chicago?
Then do something.Stop the House from passing legislation legalizing the use of gun silencers.
Praying, really? that's all you got? "senseless"...hum, kinda obvious. for the love of God, do some meaningful gun control legislation.
please do something and vote NO to Gun Silencers. Please do the right thing and stand up for gun control

Every Member of Congress Who Took Money From the NRA and Tweeted 'Thoughts and Prayers' to Las Vegas @splinter_news http://ow.ly/9SsB30fAAVY 
DO SOMETHING
I’m going 2 miss u in Congress. U r 1 of few I respect that’s still grounded in traditional ethics & morals to solve problems, but Jer 10:23
Hasnt your dry cleaner told you? Thoughts and prayers can't remove NRA blood money Stains out of your pockets.
You voted to let mentally ill people own guns & against stronger background checks. Your prayers mean nothing.
Do the right thing--pass gun control laws. Be true to yourself-You don't need the NRA anymore.
It was senseless. Much like how easily accessible u have made it for things like this 2 happen. Do something now while u can before u leave.
Gonna do anything about it??
The NRA is the largest domestic terrorism group in the country. You either support domestic terrorism or better gun control. Choose a side!
KILL THE @NRA...NOW!!!
Calling on all Congress to find out who’s on the NRA payroll. American people understand this crisis requires action,not just prayer.
Prayers. Blah blah blah. Action. That's what we need

DO something. No more useless “thoughts and prayers”.
Silence after Sandy Hook, Congress said ok to mow down kids
In the meantime, US gun murder rates 10 X world 
That's the price of "freedom"
The NRA paid you $6k not that long ago. Praying won't save lives. Be a statesmen and not a money grubbing shill.
LEGISLATE, DON'T SEND PRAYERS
Praying hasn’t worked thus far. Maybe we should try something different?
Seems like a good time to start acting on your conscience and push for protective gun laws
You took money from the gun industry.
You voted against assault weapons ban. 
Your words mean nothing.
HOW MUCH HAS THE NRA GIVEN YOU? Stuff it you crook! 
You could, you know, do something about it.
Do something about this one.
You've taken thousands of dollars of blood money from the NRA; your words are meaningless.
You need to pray for forgiveness for enabling spread of such weaponry, for cutting mental health funds, for serving the NRA instead of us.

God’s reply to “thoughts and prayers” 
Bob when you gonna step up and stop taking money from the NRA and do something? When Bob? This is your responsibility, Bob.
Prayers are great. But @SenBobCorker you're in a position to be an answer to prayers, act to stop NRA and silencers, etc.
Good thing you are retiring, so no more blood will be on your hands, right? Remind us again how much you took from NRA.
Then do something besides take NRA money, you hypocrite.
"I will be a consistent voice for the 2nd amend. and fight attempts to weaken those rights..." Sen. Bob Corker.   #enough

let's trade all thoughts and prayers for the rest of eternity for some rational gun control and access to quality mental health care for all
Thank you Senator!
You voted against denying felons access to guns. Because of votes like yours, a "lone wolf" shot more than 600 innocent people yesterday.
You should be reminded every minute that your craven deference to the NRA makes you complicit in gun deaths.

bob corker got 6 thousand+ dollars of business expenditures from the nra and voted against denying felons gun access https://twitter.com/senbobcorker/status/914835546979147776 …
You got 6k from the NRA. Shameful.
Then don't pass the law allowing silencers!!
I meant, "save them."
Prayers won't say them. Doing something about future gun violence will.
Your thoughts and prayers are not enough. Do your job and write some policy. You're a senator.
You must not allow the rollback of restrictions on silencer sales!Can you imagine how many would be dead if they couldn’t hear the gun shots
How about tightening gun laws like the MAJORITY OF AMERICANS WANT! Trump pandered to the NRA for votes!!! WE ARE FED UP!!!!!!!!
DO YOUR JOB AND LEGISLATE. PRAYERS HELP LITERALLY NOBODY.
Following this tragedy, you can do more than pray. Please vote no on silencers and concealed carry reciprocity.
How about #dosomethingorstfu? This is only a routine occurrence in US, and your ilk have been repeatedly blocked legislation to change that
Introduce new gun ownership legislation now. Prayers ain't cutting it anymore.
Maybe God needs you to actually do something by considering common sense gun legislation.
Please remember this when voting on whether everyone needs access to silencers.   This could have been worse!
Could we talk #GunControlNow  please
Praying is good. Won't do a thing for the dead. ACTION NOW ON GUN LAWS!  No action=you are as guilty as the shooters.
How about going beyond prayer and considering whether this terrorist should have possession of multiple assault weapons?
After these prayers get up and DO something! People have no need for assault style weapons. Stop genuflecting to the NRA.
#LasVegasShooting
Let’s not just pray. Let’s actually do something about the country’s gun problem.
Praying is not enough. Defend us with assault rifle ban. Promote bi-partisan gun restrictions. You are abandoning you people for NRA .
We expect you to do what's right, not take away our rights.
You can do something about future tragedies. You could have done something to prevent this one.
Please offer more than thoughts and prayers this time
Sir prayer is great but how can we keep these kinds of weapons away from non military and police?  ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
We dont always agree but prayers are important. #MAGA
James 2:14-26New King James Version (NKJV)

Faith Without Works Is Dead
Oooo you're praying. How about actually doing something to help prevent domestic terrorism.
Prayer: It's the least you can do, literally.
Tell that to Steve Scalise...
Oh yeah the guy who almost got killed with a bullet while he was trying to kill millions with a pen. Tell him yourself.
@SpeakerRyan do something to reduce the killing power that a single person has. Don't prevent people from having hunting & protection arms
Sick of every time this happens Congres pray &then sweep it under the rug and move on. Prayer is not solving the problem stricker gun laws
Prayers do nothing.  This blood is on your hands and the hands of the GOP and your NRA.
Politicians need to bring us policies, not prayers. Your prayers have been futile in stopping mass murder.
