Take your stupid argument and your $6.5 million conservative funded war chest and retire.
The greatest threat to America is Congress, VA & CDC colluding to promote a falsified opioid epidemic directly benefitting them financially.
Newsbud Exclusive-Trump’s Afghan War: Based on Neocon Lies.
With $1 bills end-end, $20 trillion would stretch to almost Neptune. Remember Voyager 2 was going 35,000 mph, 24/7, & took 12 years to reach
Don't believe anything this RINO says.  He won't  be on the Senate aftet this year. He's detested in Tennessee. Alexander, too.
Work with POTUS and bring jobs back and our economy will grow, to pay our bills!! Tenn. voters are watching your actions.
You are the debt. And you want to cut taxes and add more debt as you speak, your not qualified to give lessons on fiscal responsibility
We need to take off the handcuffs of non discretionary spending. We need to revisit allowing Social Security to 401k  swap.
So the program could be wiped out by a recession?  Creating another class of #workingpoor? #brilliant
You only lose if you pull out of the market. That's why last time they were cutting (cont) http://tl.gd/no3us7 
In 2008-9 the market all but collapsed. The loss of 401ks had nothing to do with taking money from the market.
Collapse is an exaggeration. Was it bad, yes. Where is less than ten years later, (cont) http://tl.gd/no3v8c 
Only $2.4 trillion in the 3rd & 4th Qtrs of 2008. Would that be an exaggeration if you lost your retirement?
Again, it's regained that and more. If an individual was within the 4-6 years of (cont) http://tl.gd/no3ver 
The market may, but if you lost your 401k, YOU DON'T HAVE MONEY IN THE MARKET!!
This  is a computer model of $20 trillion stacked to help one visualize just how much it is.

That ain't no Saturday Night Special...
So what are you going to do about it? #deadlinewh #msnbc
Our nation shouldn't be political pay to win.  Impeach the orange clown already!
So....probably time to raise taxes and cut spending?
It's absurd that you would advocate 1) FHFA taking 10 billion draw 2) Ignore US rights to 100 billion in $FNMA warrants #FannieGate
Preferreds theft. Fake conservatorship, illegal expropiation through warrants? No thanks.
How can Corker, king thieve among thieves, try to school anyone on the economy! Develop ethics 1st, get ur own crap in order... then maybe!
Perhaps cut corporate welfare and tax loopholes for wealthy. They NEVER pay fair share taxes-see Apple or GE, see Mitt Romney.
Medicare for all. No private companies needed. Cheaper and better. Do some research. Obama used Romney's model in Mass. Republican plan.
"It is absurd that Washington continues to turn a blind eye...#NationalDebt " 

YOU are part of "Washington" 

#PotMeetKettle 

#RNRTN
must be running for reelection because never has always voted to increase it!
Just go away RINO!
No what's absurd is cutting taxes while your in debt. Remember the surplus days of Bill Clinton. Bush sent the surplus back and cut taxes
@LouDobbs @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews #corker is not our Senator. DEMS.
You have been there 10 years bob.
So you will not support funding a wall?
Be a leader, Bob.
The GOP is responsible, endless wars, blind tax revenue cuts for the wealthy, shameless pandering to fossil fuels with tax breaks, duh!!!
Then please don't waste money on Trump'sStupidWall
@TheTrumpsters @LouDobbs @washingtonpost @CNN @Reince #Bob what in God's name have you done right for TN ? Nothing.
How can we afford a stupid wall?
Congress, the VA & CDC are directly responsible for these tragic deaths w/their genocidal policies! No one is safe! https://www.facebook.com/notes/american-medical-genocide/victims-of-the-american-medical-genocide/327106804412378/ …
Deflect & distract! Politics as usual trying to hide 100+ million Americans targeted for genocide. Veterans, the elderly, cancer patients...
remember the weekend after obama reelection- we are open to tax increases...thanks senator
You and your colleagues are the ones in office now. So what is stopping you?
Agreed.
Really? You're a Wells Fargo RINO Hypocrite! U weren't concerned a few months ago when u told #Watt to draw $10B:
Guess that is what happens when we fight wars & have near depressions.
You short this stock much Bob? Your a scam artist!
It's absurd that you are guilty like all those career politicians. I'm ashamed that I cast votes for you. Time to go Bob!
If you would follow the wishes of the people of TN, this would not be a problem. Resign now and move on. You are wasting time.
Drain the swamp. Corker next.
Yes and you voted for all of the money that Obama spent, money given to our enemies.
@SenBobCorker -man, i really wish that I could short you.
So, Senator, just how much money did you contribute to the National Debt? Iran comes to mind.
You are Washington. You are the problem.
Since your first election the debt has went from $5T to $20T.
Entitlements are the reason for the debt. How many bills have you sponsored to seriously reign in entitlement spending?
If you mean #SocialSecurity, it's not an #entitlement. It's paid for by workers and not one #penny comes from the #government.
How much was your dinner tab tonight, or did a lobbyist pick it up?
Global warming? Yes sir. We really need to look into it.
About as dangerous as you RINOs obstructing everything POTUS does.. election coming!!!!
It's absurd that you serve as a public servant and take from the middle class Americans by trying to wind down the gses !
It's absurd you believe in stealing ALL profits from FNMA & FMCC and then believe it's prudent for them not to build capital.
It is absurd that you think cutting taxes for the rich is the way to correct this!
Tax cuts are absurd as well.  No sensible person starts to get their house in order by taking a pay cut.  Trickle is BS.
Tax the rich, you included Dick. Simple
Get all the rich people to help pay down the debt, THEN give them a tax cut!
Yeah. Raising some taxes could help.
Hey buddy. I don't know if you know this, but YOU'RE in Congress.
You are a huge part of the problem
Don't run again...save ur money...ur gonna b exposed.
Greatest threat is u selling the 30 year mortgage to ur sponsor... and middle class gets raped...how much $ has wells fargo given u?
Seems to me that @wbir is being a mouth piece for your agenda to cut programs for the working class. WBIR should ask what is your intention?
So please explain how GOP tax cuts will help.
Then don't be a republican. All they do is raise the national debt. It's a side effect of every policy you've got.
So whats your solution, cut Medicare, Medicaid, and social security that helps the poor and working class; while giving tax breaks to rich?
It has been my pleasure to educate everyone I am able, and is able to comprehend; about how the Rothschild family has engineered hell in USA
Well then, 'neighbor Corker'...Get rid of the Rothschild Group, and end the Federal Reserve, and do the WORLD a favor...Just say ROTHSCHILD.
Presidential line item veto may be a way to wean y'all off my moneey.
The biggest threat the US faces is from politicians who are economically illiterate. That includes you.

It's absurd to have a #wellsfargo @wellsfargo @WarrenBuffett #tbtf Senator trying to destroy @FannieMae #Fanniegate
Stinks of swamp and Corker is a big part of it. Becomes multi millionaire while Senator is self serving. Allows Obama to steal $280B for ACA
Save DACA
How about nix the #robertmercer #renaissancetechnologies tax cut? Pretty sure history will label them traitors with #Cambridgeanalytica
What is absurd is you ignoring the fact Obama was funding AHCA with GSE's profits "Housing capital" when this is 20% of economy. Hypocrite!
RINO CORKER should retire. He allowed the money to be spent. He should have been stronger when it made a difference.
2011 deja vu? GOP gonna play hostage games again?  Break w party and go out strong w a message #johnMcCain #tnproud #lead
Apparently they have turned a blind eye to you all these years
if you feel this way please cut back in the military and do not fund the wall.
The cost of inaction on climate is clear in Houston and Florida. Flooding, drought, and wildfire add billions to the debt. #ActOnClimate
We won't have to worry about our debt after IRAN BLOWS US UP -THANKS TO YOU!!
So you are not in favor of a tax cut that might raise the debt? Does GOP leadership know you are undermining Tax Reform initiative?
It's absurd senator craft a bill basically rubber stamping Iran Deal! Corker-Menendez Bill  Won't be re-elected RINO!
Hope you don't retire.
I would say the debt got rolling with George W. Bush; Obama continued with it, and Bob only allowed the rich to get away with it.
Agree!
What's absurd is that y'all ( @GOP & @DNC ) allowed Mr. Obamanation 2 double the national debt & now somehow it's @realDonaldTrump fault!
No, it is the war started by GW Bush
False knowledge is more dangerous than ignorance! George Bush 
If you has done ANY research, you would know the massive debt increase was initiated  by Reagan era tax cuts.
Senator, aren't you part of Washington?  Isn't your party in charge of the Executive & Legislative branches?
It is absurd that you turned a blind eye to @realDonaldTrump during the campaign.  #NationalDouche
So many things R absurd about our current govt. situation. Tax the rich and educate the ppl & things might get better, or at lease not worse
What is the root? What do you propose? Are you open to a VAT?
Go home
Don't worry @SenBobCorker  you've already lost your re-election so shut up your gonna be voted out #MAGA
Trump hasn't mentioned it since the election. Big shocker there.
I thot you were retiring.  Do your job!  Protect our democracy & constitution!  Investigate Trump/Russia!  #impeachTrumpnow  #treasonweasel
Name 1 thing that y'all have put on Trump's desk to sign regarding the wall, immigration, ACA or tax cuts? Complaining isn't getting it.
So we can count on you to vote against tax cuts for the wealthy, right? #NotOnePenny
Bob .. not gonna be your problem after next election .......
worse than nuclear war with Korea?
worse than the opoate crisis?
