IFY DOESNT QUITE FIT!
but it looks like collusion with Russia is sustainable. Your silence is deafening. GOP Party over country.
Collusion?  Sure there is.  Let's waste more money on another useless investigation to investigate nothing.
Investigate the Trump admin's association with Russia please.
start collecting $500B in Corporate Tax Breaks? http://usuncut.com/class-war/10-corporate-welfare-programs-that-will-make-your-blood-boil/ …
you're plan better not include delays on benefits or cuts to social security-I've paid in 40 years and am 54-don't screw me
We need Independent Bipartisan Investigation of Trump& Russia. GOP already proved they are wimpy hypocrites. Can't be trusted.
Also agree %100
DATA...???
keep sweating. But get to the bottom of it. The so-called president was twittering at am Joe as it happened. Balls of steel!
RINO! There is nothing with Russia. You're falling in the Democrat's trap. You need to go.
With all due respect, the big issue is in the WH. Nation in crisis with current leadership.
See it IN FULL #Corker & #Yellen: 
 https://youtu.be/7xv5pNupTYY  Notice Difference in #DEM questions:
http://www.c-span.org/video/?404575-1/federal-reserve-chair-janet-yellen-testimony-monetary-policy …
yeah they have to get "battered" down over there #malapropism
Just keep talking, talking, talking, talking, etc, etc, etc.
so of course Republican Congress will lower taxes on the wealthy.....
Not Because of healthcare costs (as you cleverly Cut the vid to Appear)... but through some @GOP Proposed Policies as well!!
The leaks are no the point. We demand an independent investigation!
U played a part in creating it-in spite of this republicans want to INCREASE military spending cut- military, not soc sec. #
that is a lie you have little to support but glad to see you silent on #russiagate
you are absolutely right.  And our debt service will exacerbate the problem as we refi the debt we owe to SS and Medicare
RUSSIA, RUSSIA, RUSSIA - we cannot move forward as a country until we have real answers.
Audit the Feds!
4- WH cabinet is unqualified & needs to go 5- u realize Trump has nuclear codes? 6- u supported Trump so u and he need to go
Jealous Corker didn't get job in Trump administration so know he undermines our government and Trump BIG mistake
NO the WH will/can not stabilize itself it's going down. Will you go with it or save your country? Time to decide Bob!
Hey Bob it's a leaky sinking ship Stand up for democracy and get in the trump treason train History & voters will remember it
please rethink using words like totally (always, never). That language tends to weaken ones argument.
some of the policies being discussed (she means currently, new policies?) may negatively impact ec growth and sustainability.
So lets not spend money on some big bureaucracy to "end slavery" in other countries.
Stop worrying about investigating your own party and lets fix the economy. Republicans must want to lose again.
saw you on morning joe. Good job. Please get to the bottom of this Russian scandal. You know Donald is hiding something.
Russia is absolutely not our friend. Keep your balls of steel and go after @realDonaldTrump
Bob he's a Traitor plain and simple!
Such a busy man! No wonder none of us in TN can reach you or see you in a town hall meeting. PS: vote no on Pudzer,
Our current moral/civil rights/first amendment/standing in the world trajectories also.  Check those, too, would ya.
@takingitall2000 What else did u expect after flooding us with 3rd world migrants who will live on welfare 4 life
Gosh Sir.Seems all comments here want U to actually work 4USA, instead of washing hands of responsibility. Tax Returns Now !
minority elected Trump based on wall paid by Mexico.We cannot afford #TrumpajaWall better/cheaper way to secure border #NoWall
Well good. How about a gold standard instead of a house of cards.
Agreed.  And building a completely ineffective $21B wall will not improve the situation.   Please govern responsibly.
This presidency is not sustainable.
Dude, there is something fishy going with the White House and Russia. How bow looking into dah?
Stick with her!  She may be the only stabling influence our economy has....and she doesn't report to Goldman Sachs
WE don't care about this crap! WE want to know what the Russian WH/Congress connections are. Are you involved?
So what about the president and Russia deploying a missile.  Hope you can stand up to someone in our party.
Don't take try to distract from the core issue. Why are you delaying cutting my tax burden in half? Keep your promise!
Progressive taxation
there are a whole lot of really wealthy Americans not paying taxes--like our President. Start there.
no confidence vote in your leadership November 2018
Keep up the good work! Obvious from most profiles on tweets their little bias & hypocritical. God Bless 
so you helped put in someone who was insrumental in the recession of 2008 as head of the Treasury. Shame!!!
if you want to look into finances,  you need to start with trump's taxes #stopHIM
Your support of an inept and corrupt administration is unsustainable. #StandUpToTrump Be a Statesman!  No more votes for you.
that's why it is critical to cut wasteful spending! Need to put all congressnmen on 401k's not pensions!Need to cut ex pres $$
GOP policies will not only not fix unsustainable deficit, they will do irreparable harm to the public good while "trying"
.@SenBobCorker you don't get a prize for noticing deficit is growing relative to GDP, big boy. Ms Yellen also noticing is not an endorsement
Is now a good time to mention that the wall will cost $21 billion and Trump's mass deportation force will wreck the economy?
Did you factor costs of a giant wall into said fiscal trajectory?
.@SenBobCorker she's too diplomatic to say it. Shame.
.@SenBobCorker it's sad that you're trying to twist Ms Yellen's words to fit your policy proposals and wash your hands of responsibility
payoff the credit card and then tear it up
so finally we are hearing abt the fiscal issue while we waste money every wk end in Fl it has been looming since Jan what the
let's clean house first - and not build the wall
there are bigger more immediate issues!!
#TheUsEra >)
so let's NOT build a wall!
