Then support #termlimits.


Repeal Obamacare!
Thank you! Now please oppose the #GrahamCasiddy legislation. It's cruel and irresponsible and will negatively affect our state.
Please do not support Graham Cassidy.  It's outrageous, these desperate, underhanded attempts to take HC from millions just for a "win". TY
Thx for being one TN US Sen who is the voice of reason. #dotherightthing for ALL Americans.
Tennessee demands a no vote against the Trump backed #GrahamCassidyBill
With a majority that we REPUBLICANS have, why do you trash our President whenever you want to do this decisive work???
No on graham bill..keep ACA
How about you vote no for this Graham Cassidy healthcare foolishness???
I expect you to vigorously support every word the president said today to the UN's.
Be brave!  Be courageous! Support my president!
Please senator vote No...it puts too many people in grave circumstances .....
please do not vote for Graham Cassidy
Thank you. Please vote no on  GrahamCassidy bill.We need bipartisan input on healthcare insurance.I thought Sen Alexander was working on it.
I admit, I'm impressed with your willingness to demand fiscal responsibility from the military.
Only cutting Medicaid and any helpful programs to our society is his idea.
No one cares what you think Corker! Do it Trumps way & we can finally grow the economy & bring down the debt. Shame you wouldn't support us!
What? A group of uneducated idiots that thinks cutting taxes on billionaires somehow trickles down. You really are a fool.
Vote no on Graham Cassidy. Impeach Tr*ump. No wall!
Are you going to sell your soul and support Graham-Cassidy?
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy. This will not be good for TN. Get on board with Alexander and let's fix ACA.
Did You  look at the Trillion Dollar budget?
Maybe cut this budget, or create some efficiencies like you always talk about in all other departments...
If GOP cares about saving money tell Trump to stay in Whitehouse stop playing golf and billing tax payers 60000 for golf carts he owns.
It is time for you and Senator Alexander to hold the FBI, the Obama Admin, and Mueller accountable for the illegal spying on the Trump camp.
As far as spending, how about we cut all fat people and druggies off welfare, make them get a job, get off the couch, redirect $ to military
1st - deconstruct and dismantle Obamacare, 2nd - balanced budget amendment! Do you have the nads to lead the charge?
Please vote NO on the #GrahamCassidyBill . It's cruel & y'all know it. @SenAlexander was working on a bipartisan bill. REPAIR NOT REPLACE!
I guess believing that cutting taxes for the rich is good for the middle-class = believing in Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and god
What about healthcare for Vets families?! 20+ million people losing healthcare. Where is the CBO score?! Vote NO #GrahamCassidy = #TrumpCare
And your solution kills people. Different = UNIVERSAL HEALTHCAREYA CROOK
It's interesting how u link to defense auth act and debt and few Dems left in TN use it to give stance on Graham Cassidy
Why is congress full of scumbag senators. It's all about arms proliferation and profit while inching us closer to nuclear winter. #FuckDC
You are the fiscal crisis, resign along with your colleagues and we have a shot at fixing the problem. Quit and go away you're terrible Sen
Senator, the priority them is to complete an immigration reforms   to make American Great Again.
Please vote NO on Graham- Cassidy bill.
Please do not support Graham Cassidy health bill.
When did that thought occur to you? I hope before you were elected.
Please do not vote for #GrahamCassidyBill  Thank you, a Cordova Tennessee constituent.
yes but we need some change....
Showing up for work is a good start. Pass some bills. Right now you are part of a lazy Congress. Work on what can get done.
shame on you! Men/women risking LIVES they deserve better!!
GrahamCassidyBill stripping healthcare to us more to your liking #SaveACA #NeverRepeal
Did you sign off on the Iran deal?
While watching spending. Please think of the people in TN Please do not vote for #GrahamCassidyBill  Thank you from a Tennessee constituent.
Then raise taxes on the wealthy. Trickle down is a lie.
How about upending 1/6 of the economy w/ Graham Cassidy? No CBO score. No process. What a joke. And Mr. FuctUpMind to sign it? WTF?
We need to remove the Deep State and get this country back in order. Cut federal jobs, reduce IRS, place terms limits!
Please do not vote for #GrahamCassidyBill  Thank you, a Tennessee constituent.
He is voting for it and has been for 7 years.
So Term Limits for all and same insurance and NO life retirement for the likes of all of you!
Sounds like you have finally got something right,  Hilary would be so disappointed in you
Thank you!
t u standing with Graham or backing @SenAlexander health care bill? Which is it?
then quit supporting cooperate welfare and rich people,cut defense in half,tax rich at 40%
You just crowed about $25 mil to stop slavery!  What's it gonna be Sen?
Thank you. I appreciate your vote with their history of waste and overspending. I must also urge you to please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
tRUMP's whole shit show is corrupt. Stay strong and protect US. Save DACA and the ACA
Hey  honeymoon junkets for treasury doesn't help
You have majority in House & Senate, plus a reform Pres. Just what is the hold up? Get rid of the rule of 60 and DO something.
Nobody listening anymore sir.. will never vote for you again.. better look for a job locally..
Answer:  deport the 30 to 40 million illegals here & everything will improve in the USA.
But you're good w/  continuing 2 steal #FANNIEGATE shareholder profits in violation of R 5th Amendment https://youtu.be/EB6YmATcg_4  @npr @thehill
& tell that cotton pickin' @jeffsessions 2 get his fed hands offa my bong if U believe in States' Rights; CA voters have spoken @POTUS
N U all best fix #Fanniegate B4 I sing again; or when the Koch Bros buy @RollingStone Blind Sheep'll be on its cover
Pop #FANNIEGATE Quiz: who said "ye shall know them by their fruits"? A: Harvey Milk B: Jesus Christ C: Satchel Paige
N U best not designate us #FANNIEGATE investors a "gang" or we'll join forces w/ them #juggalos  https://youtu.be/7KpI47rCSqk  @THR @Variety @icp
Then fund ACA instead of stupid wall nobody wants!
I want it along with over 60 million others.. ACA is a disaster meant to fail and bring us to social med.
You and I can agree here Bob. Now let's get an appropriate tax plan that doesn't let the top 1% off the hook.
This is why you need to run in 2018. Someone has to stand for us little people, who don't matter to Washington anymore.
He got one thing right. Check out his other liberal votes though
GOP plans to cut taxes for the top 1% by $3 Trillion...that may cause a little problem don't you think?
Share some of your knowledge & the nation wouldn't have  fiscal crisis. A one year jump from less than million to $45 million. Must be nice!
You know if you would just agree to speak to me, I would back off on exposing all your dirty little secrets; denying patients access to MEDs
I know you have people spying on me & my group. Why did she leave so fast? So why not take a few mins to discuss policies killing veterans?
Dude... Give it up. Nobody gives a damn what you say or do anymore. You are a traitor to @POTUS and the American people. #RETIRE #RINO

I was honored to speak with you @refee00!! Thank you and you are truly a courageous #Whistleblower. I hope our interview goes viral!! https://twitter.com/refee00/status/899469441230139392 …
