He needed to go. Fake investigation. Comey and Clapper said their was no collusion. Waste of money and time. Get on with jobs and economy.
Trump won Tn by 20 points one of those votes was from me.  Support him or you will be replaced
Free of political interference? Firing Comey is political interference! FYI- We hired you to "raise questions". #eastTNresist
Actually everyone wanted #Comey one until he was. Stop being such a fool. Follow the truth, not fake news.
Sen. Corker your statement on POTUS firing of FBI Dir. in the middle of his investigation of Russia/Trump fell short. Special Prosecutor NOW
#SethRich killed by @DNC for giving DNC emails to Wikileaks. Russia collusion story devised by @DNC to justify losing.
Another bot  blocked! Bye
Lame, that's not good enough. Special prosecutor or no new appointee until finished
Tennessean here. This is not enough. We need an independent prosecutor. I'll be calling your office every day until there is one.
Where the evidence.  There is none.  Try call chuckle Schumer's office and demands special prosecutor for Crooked Hillary Louis Leanner
I live in Chattanooga and I DEMAND that a special prosecutor be named in the Russia investigation.
For the love of God, enough is enough. Show a spine and end this madness
press being allowed,instead,had the Russia press should tell you where his loyalties lie.It differently tells me a lot.DT is not loyal to us
ONE YOU ALL PIC I BET HUH
he was fired for not doing his job.With the list of crimes by Hillary he should if been fired months ago.Democrats wanted him gone too
Your a jackass. Come out of the closet and join the democrat party. Comey's firing was long overdue. Your a disgrace to the GOP. Dishonest.
WHY START NOW?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  COMEY MADE A JUDICIAL DECISION ON HELLARY"S TRAITOROUS ACTS AND YOU SAT ON YOUR HEAD!!!!  Get out!
45's reckless blabbering puts our intel community and allies at risk! WTH .@GOP when do you honor your oath to your country & constitution
The day before he was fired he was backtracking about the Clinton's emails, the timing is not a problem.
I don't think DT can be trusted. We need an independent investigation Sen. Corker. After having the Russians in the Oval Office w/o our ----
Stop your self important crap and support the president. You are a RINO that will be replaced in the next election cycle.
I live in Decherd & I stand w/ @POTUS
U have the distinct opportunity to be a statesman rather than a politician. The people u serve are worth it!  Our Dem. Rep. is worth saving!
Please see that Hillary is put behind bars where she belongs. That would be a true service to this country.
To think POTUS Trump offered you some excellent positions. He didn't know that you deserve "Et tu Brute?"
It's nice u finally started to have balls. But Donald Trump needs to be impeached. We all know Mitch took $ from Russia. Did u
...the voters will speak again soon. I think most agree with the firing of Comey
Impeachment now!  Country first!  Be on the right side of history!
TOTAL BS!!!  THE MAN OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE, WAS CRIMINALLY IRRESPONSIBLE AND A TOTAL INCOMPETENT UNABLE TO DO THE JOB!! & & You're a discgrace!
You know the current investigations will continue! You know that a special prosecutor is just something the left blabs about, SUPPORT POTUS
President Trump needs your support.  This is certainly not it!
INDEPENDENT COMMISSION. INDEPENDENT COMMISSION. INDEPENDENT COMMISSION. INDEPENDENT COMMISSION. INDEPENDENT COMMISSION.
3 COMMITTEES ALREADY 3 COMMITTEES ALREADY 3 COMMITTEES ALREADY 3 COMMITTEES ALREADY 3 COMMITTEES ALREADY 3 COMMITTEES ALREADY
You should be ashamed of yourself. Evidently the swamp contains you.
Zip 37405 here; independent prosecutor & country over party, please.And w/ due respect, please check definition of "fulsome".
Zip code 37405 here; special prosecutor & country over party, please. And w/ respect; please check the definition of "fulsome".
Thank you for putting country over party, sir.
“The White House has got to do something soon to bring itself under control and in order”  Right #SpecialProsecutor
How do you expect the subject of investigation to appoint a qualified FBI director to investigate him? Just curious.
James Comey is a Corrupt puppet of Barry Obama & Crooked Hillary & her crime family....
House judiciary committee! Fully staffed like watergate Impeachment investigation.  Trump can fire a private prosecutor so that's a no go.
Murfreesboro here and this is not enough. We need a special prosecutor. This will never go away without one. Please be the voice of reason
I am so happy you establishment GOP goons lost BIG to President @realDonaldTrump .
This democrat from TN is proud that you are conducting yourself with honor. Didn't vote for you, but still proud. #CountryOverParty
If you're serious that the WhHouse is in a downward Spiral you must rally otherGOP congress members NOW
You know trump is AN ENEMY within
Country over party. Trump giving Russians intel. Impeach now!
I pray he does not listen you.  RINO.  Comments on WAPO story stupid.
Comey is partisan and can not be trusted to lead objectively. He has much history with the Clintons.
You r a complete & total disgrace w/this nonsense. And today you jump on a WaPo claim ante Trump? U make D. Trump look like Geo. Washington.
There was never a good time, had he done it day after taking office you would have screamed Russia, LAY OFF AND GET TO F*&CKIKNG WORK!
It was past time for comey to go. Also- you seem to be accusatory of President Trump by believing FAKE NEWS.. Sad  Time 4 u to exit as well
Are you a democrat or lapdog to the democrats? Of course Trump will place a qualified person for FBI Director. Also cork it re; WP story.
Always protecting your job instead of our country. You're wrong on travel ban & classified info too.
My statement on FBI Director James Comey: 
Who cares what you think?
There is no evidence of a russian/trump collusion and never will be. There is plenty of evidence that obama committed political espionage
Corker, you are a RINO POS.
At least Comey never gave Nukes to Iran. Comey isn't the traitor, Corker is!!
When a President publicly reveals his obstruction of justice, Articles of Impeachment should have been issued, before the interview was over
Put partisan politics & party loyalty aside.  Our country is screaming for justice and common sense.  It's time to do the right thing.
Appoint a special prosecutor, please.
Obviously NOT a #ProfileInCourageAward Candidate
tRump's entertaining the Russian agents behind closed doors, allowing them to mock our journalists, and having a Kremlin
only photo session followed by the Moscow Times, May 11, updated More Than A Reset further reinforces tRump's allegiance
This coming from the man that trashed the treaty clause of the Constitution and allowed Obama to have the disastrous Iran deal.
If you want my vote you will #standstrong against this adminstration's totalitarian actions and call for an independent investigation
I implore you not to abdicate your responsibility to act as a check on the Executive branch. Investigate now.
Special prosecutor on the Russia investigation is imperitive. Nothing to hide, no reason not to. Without, the whole thing reeks of cover-up.
Independent commission needed- Trump has tried to strong arm FBI. Country over party @SenBobCorker
Not good enough. Americans deserve your courage for an independent investigation. Dep AG's letter was lacking. Rs are patriots, act it.
We The People demand an Independent Prosecutor !!!
Special Prosecutor, please.
I respect that you are asking for ongoing investigations to continue free of bias.
Greetings from Memphis. You need to get yourself on the right side of this and serve the American people.
Coward!
Explain why your committee decided to not issue sanctions against Russia for their interference in our election!! You owe us an explanation!
We need an independent prosecutor. Too many conflicts of interest within DOJ, congress, & senate. No trust in that anymore.
If this doesn't push you to call for independent investigation, what will it take?  #partyovercountry #midterms2018 #NoGovernorCorker
Cannot trust you confirming "qualified." You voted to confirm Sessions and now here we are. We begged you not to.
Senator,You Know trump cannot b trusted to choose an unbiased FBI Dir. So you& group of PATRIOTIC GOP Senators must give WH list of names
@JeffFlake @SenatorBurr 
Put your $$$ where your mouths are
1.Demand Special Prosecutor
2.Provide trump a short LIST 4 FBI
3.If not,VOTE NO
Comey out during the investigation into Trump's ties to Russia, election interference, while Sessions recused = #redflag. Spec Prosecutor!
I am glad that you support an apolitical investigation! Patriots put Country over Party and/or President to insure our democracy survives.
among other problems, your statement misuses the word "fulsome." This article uses the word correctly (5th par.):
so then u should tell the Dems to sit back and shut their mouths and stop putting their 2 cents in it.
Senator Donald Trump's reality show is the episode in the Whitehuse.He is disgusted to be president.
Why are GOP Senators & Reps putting party over Country? All need to know what Trump has done. Put Country before political ambitions/party.
Coward.
In order to uphold your duty to support & defend Constitution against all enemies, foreign&domestic, u need to call 4 independent prosecutor
#CountryOverParty don't think we aren't watching all of you !!!
How dare you! Do your job! We need and deserve a Special Prosecutor NOW!
Stop wasting taxpayer money on political theater! Signed life long Tennessean
The only way to save your and the GOP's honor is to demand an independent investigation and you know  it.
We are counting on you to be the Howard Baker of this presidency. You have an opportunity to lead here, to put country before party.
This from the jackass who helped torpedo the Senate Treaty ratification process to give Obama the Iran deal. You have no relevance.
Bob.     I am very disappointed
The government needs to start governing and quit bashing trump
Please explain how you justify considering any appointments by Trump given the severity of the situation. Independent counsel please!
He has not nominated anyone for any position who is well respected or qualified.  While that would be a good idea, we still want Spec Prosec
YES! Because I trust Trump's intentions and judgement and truly believe he wants a thorough investigation into Russian interference. #not
We need an Independent prosecutor. You can be one of the few to do this and regain America's trust.
Seems like it was already "fulsome & free of political interference" , until Trump realized his ass was in deep. Wants his own man in.
Senator, Fox reports US media not allowed in, but RUSSIAN media is? Dad  defended country fr Soviet aggression 4 30 years. #CountryOverParty
Tennessean here in your district. You and fellow Senators need to demand an independent special prosecutor to handle/cont the Russia invest.
In addition to completion of ongoing investigations, a special prosecutor should also be engaged.
What is your position on: Tillerson releasing passports against FBI orders of targets in on-going investigation?
I live in clarksville. I support a special prosecutor. Stand up and support the truth.
As my senator stand up for me and Tn , & Country call 4 independent prosecutor today.
Someone being investigated has no business putting anyone in charge. The only answer is an independent investigation. It's all corrupt.
Great. Now call for a special prosecutor to head an independent investigation into #trumprussia.
Please support a special prosecutor!
What Thrse republicans don't GET, is that this has NOTHING 2 DO W/COMEY!!!!! U don't fire the man who is leading an INVESTIGATION ON U!
Please put forth more effort than words Senator Corker.  I was born and raised in TN. I urge you, PLEASE,  call for a #SpecialProsecutor .
Please, sir, stand up for the American people. This requires an #IndependentInvestigation--too many people have been fired for getting close
it should be obvious that anyone Trump nominates will be sympathetic to the administration. Appoint a special prosecutor now.
Insist on a NON-PARTISAN Independent investigation immediately. The very constitutional foundation of our country's democracy is at stake!
This is impotent. Between DeVos' confirmation & your inability to protect US democracy from Trump, I'll be voting for your opponent in 2018.
#SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussia 
NOW  and begin working on this... in your spare time.
Firing Comey crosses a line.  We need an Independent Investigator now! #maddow #russiagate #trumprussia
I still have faith in u. Ind investigation on Russia, and do not vote 4 anything this illegitimate pouts puts forth.
OK, *now* will you push for a special prosecutor?
About damn time you start acting like the adult in the room! Country over party. 45 is compromised. Investigate and prosecute. #ComeyFiring
Nashville-please call for a special prosecutor. That's the only way people will trust the results.
I live in Murfreesboro and I urge you to have a independent person to look into this issue.  I vote and I pay attention !
Grow a backbone and defend the constitution. It's your job. I'm a Tennessean, and I'm ashamed of your cowardice.
Playing it safe with such a non-committal statement. Demand a special, independent investigator to look into Trump's Russian connections
Please support a special counsel! Represent the people of America not just your political party!
Statements are nice and all, actions speak louder. Do your job and enforce the oath you took to defend US.  Need ind. investigation now
The time has come to #impeachTrumpnow! Show your allegiance is to the Constitution and the American people and not your party!
Stop embarrassing yourself and preserve the future of our democracy. Call for independent investigation of Trump campaign and Russia
Trump is for Trump. His psychopathology threatens the US. He doesn't care about our nation or your party. Please investigate Trump/Russia!
It's time for Republicans to stand up to the monster at the helm of this ship. Country OVER party!
Well respected and qualified...maybe @POTUS will nominate @SallyQYates??? #RESISTANCE
Why don't you raise those questions? #SpecialProsecutorNOW
Not enough. Get some inspiration from fellow Tennessean Howard Baker & start independent investigation - now.
a #patriot demand #SpecialProsecutor. If U continue 2 protect $45 U will complicit. #shame #trumprussia #countryoverparty
I live in Knoxville--you must demand an independent investigation. Common sense says Trump must be investigated by someone he can't fire.
Weak, weak, weak. Get some courage. Impeach now!
I implore you to learn from the founding fathers and respect the separation of powers. Put your country over your party.
Tenn. resident, independent investigation now, focus on Trump, Sessions, McConnell, Rudy, all involved up to their eyeballs. Represent us !
You are a Senator in the Legislative Branch. It's time to act as if you believe in the Separation of Powers. Independent investigation. Now.
Stories from @politico and @WSJ describe actions that amount to obstruction of justice. We need an independent prosecutor NOW.
We WILL have a constitutional crisis on our hands if the Senate fails to mount an independent investigation. #DoYourJob
Tennessean. This is not enough. We need a special prosecutor at the DOJ. And we need a select Senate committee. #DoYourJob
Independent prosecutor is required! This is a bipartisan issue and our democracy should be protected at all costs.
Senator I don't know why you even bothered tweeting this. It is very weak and as Tennessean's we deserve better effort from you. Go fight!!!
Independent investigation NOW !
RAISES QUESTIONS?  ASK QUESTIONS ON STEPS OF CONGRESS OUT LOUD.  TRUMP IS PUTTING DOLLAR SIGN ON AMERICA. PUT AMERICA B4 PARTY, NOW, NOW!
Sounds like vanilla puddin' to me, Senator. Independents like me are thoroughly fed up. #IndependentCommissionNOW
It's an easy transition as laid out by Comey! We know your part of coverup and complicit!
Our democracy is being destroyed daily. This is a national CRISIS. Immedidiate action is needed.
Why don't you call for a special prosecutor on the Russian election issue.
Another TN voter here: also "essential" that YOU stand up and ensure that the investigations go forward. Platitudes not enough.
So you passed the bone.  Sad.
Grow some balls Bob. You cannot deny that what happened to Comey is anything but shady!
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR! Come on Republicans, country over Party. You can do it
Do your job, defend the constitution, work with ALL members of congress to determine the TRUTH behind firing and russian interference
@SenBobCorker constituent here, you're not going far enough please work to establish an independent / special prosecutor in a bipartisan way
I am a constituent and we need an independent Commision, not a Trump loyalist that will close investigation.
Thank you, Senator. Anything short of an independent prosecutor will make these words ring hollow. Strong action > strong words.
The American people deserve a full and impartial investigation. 
It is time for you to stand up for your nation. #SpecialProsecutorNow
We need a 3rd party to investigate. Do what is right. If there is nothing to hide, why not?
How about getting a well-respected & qualified individual to lead the country? We don't have one now, and it's up to people like you to help
I call bullshit on this Senator!!!!   We need an INDEPENDENT prosecutor!  And I am your constituent!
We need an independent special prosecutor to investigate Trump/Russian ties.
Not enough, as a constituent , independent prosecutor required here, Trump is unfit for office
A statue in every city awaits the Republican who finally stands up to Trump. Sadly, it won't be one of you.
What a mealy-mouthed response. Nothing but an Independent investigation will clear this up and allow you to continue to rape America.
This is not OK, Senator. It's time to get that idiot out of office. Please.
As if you think he would pick someone that could not do the job. Either get on board and lead or join the communist Dems and go away.
