Same old @GOP Ponzi Scheme with a new name. The top 2% get tax cuts & MClass shrinks as it did under Reagan & both Bushs. SSN in sights too.

Don't put McCain on it.  He will sabatoge it... On purpose.
Too bad we have a congress that seems to work for big donors and business interests instead of average voters.


GREED is a garbage policy position.



They will try again to pass HC that will leave millions without insurance to give tax cuts to the rich this has been their game plan Vote 18
How is the #DumpTrump initiative proceeding?
#DitchMitch


You realize Mnuchin wants to withhold disaster relief funds unless wall is built. Is Tax reform about B.S policy as well?
take your tax plan and shove it where the sun don't shine. trickle down bull crap is not tax reform! tax the wealthy > 200K! tax the corps!
Tax reform for the middle class, please.....not the 1%. We are watching and we vote


Your boss just ended ur re-election hopes with his support of DT's attempt to rescind DACA. I stand with #DREAMERS you stand with bigots.
Repealing #ACA was your start and you struck out on that. Why should we believe more blustering and be disappointed again. #TermLimits
Americans want Congress to impeach @realDonaldTrump Do the job!!
Your strongest voice that can not be taken away from you by trump & racist Republicans is your VOTE. In November vote Republicans out.

So create a meaningful policy that isn't trickle down economics.
A good start would be gaining a heart rather than a wallet. What makes the US great is humanity, not $. GOP is lost
Tax Reform: REPEAL #ACA  -Do a budget like congress is suppose to do -Do immigration legislation like congress is suppose to do- OR GO HOME
Tax breaks to wealthy is not needed.
Total government spending transparency.  A consumption tax. Zero tax loopholes. Kick special interests out of D.C. Start there.


Stop BSing us about Tax Reform. WE know top 1-2%, corps, shareholders will get wht they want. Rest of us will get Tax Abuse. We will VOTE.
We vote. All you self motivated greedy Senators and House of Reps have voters to face.Don got in as an outsider.Outsiders will replace U 2!
Dreamers are first on the agenda!
Hate trump and now the Republican cowards who support the worst President in history.
Yes!  I do!
Americans want you to support the President
It is not all about money! Trump is a monster and Republicans back him up. #imwhiteandhatetrump
GOP had consistently weakened America through unneeded tax cuts.  Penny wise and pound foolish unless their goal all along was weak U.S.A.
Really. Fix DACA.
Republicans, clean up your mess.
Is this all you clowns can tweet about? FOCUS ON MORE PRESSING ISSUES. God, you're disgusting.
What changed? Russia?
Lieing sack of 
Tax reform that doesn't help the 1%? How will U get compromise from rigid Freedom Caucus? How EVER will U get rigid @TheDemocrats to agree?
GET IT DONE... OR BE GONE!
How about fixing DACA, stopping Trump from sabotaging healthcare, oh wait, how about figuring out how to work together in your own party.
Americans want to be able to have some $ at the end of the month. GOP wants 'tax reform' aka redistribution.  More $ for the rich.
You're from the government and you're here to help?
That is another GOP lie! No more deficit spending! Your greed is shameful.
@GOP has been nothing but the party of NO!  Do your job and solve the problems of America!
Would be a GREAT start if you proposed fair tax cuts for working poor/middle class/small businesses & not trickle-down Reaganomics. Shame!
NO Healthcare was a start and you blew that. 10 to 1 says you blow tax reform too!!
snakes on the grass, every damn one of you...SHAME
Obamacare repeal, fund the wall and then play your "Tax Reform" game which we know will never amount to more than a couple dollars saved.
A tax break for the wealthy is not a priority of very many Americans.
Solve Tax reform, Obamacare, Budget - would be a 'start'.
GOP Senators have failed America.
Keep it simple and fair!  Trickle down always fails and we can't afford a recession now. But first fix the problem in the WH.
You mean tax cut.
Liar! Americans want the rich and the corporations to pay their share and quit freeloading off of us
Before we move onto a tax bill, can the Senate back up and complete the health bill?
This American wants Congress to stop corporate welfare and give the middle class a fighting chance with wages that can support a family.
President is unfit=illegitimate. You know it. Get him out before he destroys the country or be judged by history.
6. I'm not seeing this happening in 12 days.
5. so you gotta get a budget done, and your plate is filled w/hurricane relief and the debt ceiling. And ALL OF THIS in 12 legislative days
Getting rid of trump is a start. GOP=COVERING UP FOR TRUMP RUSSIA SCANDAL
4. ...while trying to avoid gov't shutdown (which you'll be blamed for). Have I forgotten anything?
3. on top of that you need to (IIRC) reauthorize CHIP, the FAA, & flood insurance program before they run out.
It would be nice if the American people received such help. Instead the wealthy get it all As always.
2. You need to pass budget that provides reconciliation instructions. And even then there are restrictions on if that can even pass muster.
Americans want to know that the policies of their @POTUS serve all Americans.  We can't know that without his #TaxReturns Start there.
1. There is no time to get this done and you know it. 1st you need to pass a budget, and even that is in doubt.
Republicans hate poor or working Americans they love the AntiChrist Trump read you bibles fakes the 3rd AntiChrist
#CCOT - The responses R hilarious  #AmericansFirst #DACA was unconstitutional & Mr Obamanation knew it! #TaxReform creates a vibrant eco!

In interview with @NPR, @Microsoft President @BradSmi calls on other biz leaders to put DREAMers before tax reform. And has fighting words. 
Texas & dreamers first!
Tax reform yes - tax cuts (which is what you want) NO !
YOUR NEW SPOKESPERSON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wait, @SenateMajLdr just sent me his priority list and this wasn't on it? Why bring it up now?
America want congress to impeach the president.
I've got a simple and effective tax reform plan!  Flat 15% for everyone - no deductions - no loopholes - just FLAT TAX - #YouAreWelcome
The GOP is so out of touch, it has no clue what Americans want!
You have two hurricanes to pay for and thousands of ppl lives are at stake and your worried about the rich. Shame on you!
Americans no longer think you're capable of solving anything. You can't even solve Trump.
Tax cuts to the rich will not solve Americans problems. It will just make the rich richer at the expense of middle & low income Americans!
I know right? Even people standing hip deep in Texas flood waters were wondering when the 1% would finally catch a fuckin' break.
Enough with the tough talk and get something done, american families and dreamers are hurting. Mv out the way if reform is to much for you.
STABILIZE HEALTHCARE #ReleaseTaxReturns
Get real. More pressing issues than providing 500 billion in tax cuts geared to highest incomes. Get off this. Rather push ACA funding.
Screw the tax reform until we get the dreamers secured and we don't want that damn wall use that for a tax reform
It's not the starting we need. It's the finishing. Please get your act together. I am embarrassed
Lie.We want the Republicans to 1st get some backbone and protect this country from Trump , whose loyalties is not here in America

You've had control for 8 months and haven't done a damn thing!! When are you going to get something done! All you do is throw out BS.
Pass a FAST clean rate reduction, help econ after the #Harvey hit. Reform later if need be.
Repeal Obamacare. Since you didn't I am to believe there will be tax reform. Ha ha.
No they don't. They need to protect this country. Trump has never had to be loyal to anyone not even his parents. Trump loyal to self.
C'mon Mitch. Time to earn your pay...if you do you might earn votes to remain in the Senate or for you colleagues to do so.  Play or Drain!
So Healthcare was like a warmup? You screwed that up so we're supposed to trust you on tax reform?
For a start work on putting country over party and begin impeachment proceedings for @realDonaldTrump. He's decimating our country
We want you to do your job! Or get Hell out of the way.
America has an UNSTABLE, racist President. This is the problem you need to solve.
Before or after #Harvey relief, DACA, healthcare reform. Lawmakers procrastinated, problems piled up. Welcome back
YES !  Use the KISS theory (Keep It Simple Stupid).  Get rid of the loopholes that only the rich can use.  Sorry Trump !
DACA first. Fix this...
No, the first problem we wanted you to solve was to remove the onerous expense of OBAMACARE! Why vote Republican?
Americans can't want anything if they don't have health ins 2 get health care. So get off your lazy do nothing asses & get rid of ObamaCare!
Why do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Stop and impeach the racists traitor in our WH.  Quit going for his tax breaks for the rich!
You people need to #Repealobamacare now! What part are you NOT understanding?? There IS no "moving on"! #WeThePeople WILL #VoteThemOut
RE
PEAL
O
BAMA
CRAP!

#WeThePeople WILL #VoteThemOut & #MAGA!

SO many of us are waiting for @GOP to KEEP their PROMISE
#Obamacare IS a TAX!
The West coast is literally on fire, people are still digging out of hurricane Harvey, Irma is on its way, and North Korea wants to
obliterate somebody. Ending DACA adds to the misery. Our president is so unfit for the presidency, it's staggering. Please #WorkTogether
NO changes until ALL politicians reveal all their tax returns and donors since they first ran for office. Then we'll see what's what. 
Talk is cheap. Get to work. DACA is LAST on priority list.
No offense, but I don't want you to give us tax reform for the same reason I don't want my plumber to give me medical advice. #NotQualified
I'm sure my plumber is an expert at plumbing, and I'm sure you're experts at corporate giveaways and redistributing wealth to the top 1%.
start by masks companies pay employees a living wage instead if feeding their greed!
...you are aiming to torpedo one of the most controversial immigration programs and you're tweeting about... tax reform?
What voters want is for elected officials to earn their friggjn wages, and honor their campaign promises .@GOP
Go home Ruski traitors
We want you to get rid of the Nut; stand up to Trump; do what is right for America.  Wouldn't trust you to walk my dog.
It's time for you f*cking RINO's to BACK THE @POTUS and stop screwing around.

When is the NEXT Congressional vacation? 
Next effing week?
We will see if you can't agree on Health Care lets see if you can agree on Tax Reform We the people hope you will finally agree God Bless!!!

NO, we want Congress to address #DREAMers right NOW.
What happened to healthcare?
nope...we don't want tax cuts for the 1% while we are $20 Trillion in debt .
