Exactly why we don't need another damn pipeline! 
Absolutely disgusting. Do you have any idea how many "oil spills" we have had since 2010??? #NoDAPL
-we can't be for real! TN is watching!!!
did you Rae's the latest spill?  This is not environmentally sound. Why not focus on renewable energy?
Jeez Bob.Hard for TN to be proud when you continue to say & do such idiotic things.Pipeline is horrible idea & you know it
don't you care about clean water???
Sen Corker u need a lesson in courage&leadrship. U DONT ATTACK PRES TRUMP PUBLICLY!! Address issues privately
oh yea, No to DeVos. She's unqualified. Listen to people, not the billionaires
Illogical? Our environment should be a top priority senator. You're welcome to build a pipeline in your yard.
Can't wait to see you voted out. You are a sellout
it seems you're out of touch with your constituents
Your profits won't save you from a destroyed ecosystem. Saddened to see where your priorities are.
illogical delays? Respectfully sir, human rights and environmental care should be one of the deepest concerns of everyone.
We the PEOPLE & your constituents OPPOSE #KeystoneXL.  Canadian oil for China?  It is NOT American!
couldn't be more ashamed to be represented by you. #NoDAPL
So

"Patriotism means stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the President."
Theodore Roosevelt
.
SHAME! NO!!!
The delays were NOT illogical. Doubling down on dirty energy IS! Pipelines outdated.
pls support Native Americans keep it in the ground @NODAPL Say NO to Scott Pruitt
so ashamed. Do better by your constituents and the American people.
This is not environmentally sound. Why not focus on renewable energy?
... in our lifetimes, we're going to have to keep some fossil fuels in the ground." Mailing a letter your way today with more.
reminder: "If we're going to prevent large parts of this Earth from becoming not only inhospitable but uninhabitable...
You DO know his financial interests in his pipeline are illegal and unconstituional? I expect investigation.
The more I read your words, the more I regret that you represent us. #NoDAPL
but the coal companies will certainly make more money!
Got stock in it too? Bad idea. They are using Russian pipe where the quality control was non-existent.
Endlessly disappointed in you - TN voter
Disappointing&shortsighted. Reduce dependency on fossil fuels. Green jobs=sustainable jobs. #winwin #wecandobetter #DAPL
Sen. Bob Anything For a Dollar Corker. #NoDAPL
Your "full statement" is two sentences of platitudes without any evidence supporting your claims. Evidence, please.
This is our land and water, we don't need it destroyed by billionaires or politicians. #NoDAPL
Not lying, it is treaty land. Look at the maps. It is my right to say! #NoDAPL
it's not private land, you don't read do u
I bet u vtd to dump coal into fresh h2o! tell me hw that will help one coal miner get back to work??
I don't approve anything that disrupts the life of Native Americans-under any circumstance.  #nopipeline #constituent #2018
You are betraying our country and this is a sad state of affairs. #raiseyourfist
Temporary jobs; Environmental Diasters&complicit in Dakota Pipeline Deaths will be on Congress4$ interests.
Do you feel that owning Philips 66 stock a conflict of interest?
Too bad the decision had no basis in science, data, facts, or ethics.
what's illogical is your blatant disregard for marginalized bodies, in addition to your protection of racist, threatening acts
Incredibly disappointed in your statement. - A constituent who cares.
terrible idea. Not many jobs and the potential for massive ecological devistation. Please invest in green tech, more jobs 4TN!
I will not be voting for you every again.
Some senators and oil company fat cats will make fortunes from these pipelines but no benefit for us.
both are completely insane men
Sadly, Bob Corker only gives a damn for his big money donors and those that preserve his wealth.
You can and will be replaced by someone who represents the people you are SUPPOSED TO. Blindly following isnt handsome on you.
Am I to understand you're continuing the long-standing TN tradition of ruling an iron fist over Native Tribes? Wow.
It is always illogical when people want clean drinking water. Good on you for wanting to help out oil companies
you are a shame to the great state of Tennessee. Greed and partisan politics are what you are.
Illogical and political describe exactly what you are doing by supporting this unthinkable choice.
so sick of  your pandering emails telling us you're listening #greedybastard #yourefired
you're as bad as he is #greedybastard #yourefired
you need to go we are going to vote you out
Only the Oilagarchs are pleased with this move.  God help the rest of the world.  Who do you serve?
Are you financially invested in it like Trump? Because it doesn't provide jobs, risks clean water and breaks sacred land treaties.#NoDAPL
This is completely unnecessary. We produce enough oil as it is; more than enough if you'd support renewable
Yes, protecting land and water is illogical.
all of this for 50 permanent job? Sad! Never forget more than half of America despises trump. Sad! Sad! -jeo
don't be digging in Tennessee. We need clean water. The government works for the people and we say no digging
A few thousand jobs 4 just a year. A few hundred to maintain. Canada rakes in billions. US takes the risk
this is shameful. Both environmentally and culturally inappropriate. Future generations deserve better.
This Tennessean does not support the pipeline or the Republican sellout to Oiligarchs.
So are you going to use alternative facts when the pipelines start leaking poison into the drinking water
i do not agree with the continued build of the pipelines the economy better now than last 8.stop Trumps claims of voters fraud
Hope you enjoy your last term! #NoDAPL #NoKXL Registered voter in your district. #standingrock #whatcomesaroundgoesaround
just THINK,2 years for dems to form together nationwide worldwide Pact to fight the AntiChrist,der trumpfuher
#2018
I did agree with your stance....oil flow is not the answer.
Please value people over profits. Please look out for the people who need protection. Do not stand in support of this.
Whatever support I might have given you both is GONE
@t2gunner @realDonaldTrump We also need you guys help changing the EPA laws.
you need to look up the definition of "illogical" brother. 

 @realDonaldTrump
Let's build a pipeline over your parents dead bodies! How would you like that?
To call the delays illogical is pure insanity, how can you so fervently ignore facts and concerned citizens' cries?
you don't care about human beings. Can't wait to spread the word.
country that is most profitable to them. I wonder who has stock?
about not being reliant on foreign oil. Or are they going to make us take the risk and then sell it to the
keep all business strictly in the United Stares? You won't let them sell it to foreign countries since it all
You are allowing foreign corporations to rape the majestic beauty of our country. #DoUntoOthers
I want to understand this since your doing it for the good of America. This oil company will be forced to
you both are even more disappointing than we could have imagined.
sad to have you as a senator, you should be ashamed. The only thing illogical here is you.
Highly upset to be represented by you.
I agree! Maybe we can change that, come the next election!
MLK warned about guarding against the 3 evils: Racism, Materialism, Militarism.  Greed will make ppl rise up!
MAKING IT POSSIBLE FOR MORE JOBS!
is plowing over sacred land and going against will of the ppl. As Usual. Let the #protests recommence!
Senator Corker. What's a realistic timeline for getting Rex confirmed through floor vote next week?
