You republican senators need to shut up and stop making derogatory remarks about @POTUS you were hired to do a job DO IT! MAGA
Bob Corker said the right honest & truthful  statement about
trump
When is Enough enough He will be on the right side of history not trump
R u blind & deaf 
 Read his bigoted lips !
It's YOU who doesn't understand the character of this nation. We elected @realDonaldTrump & support his agenda. Get on board or get out.
Your statement about POTUS crossed a line for my family. You have aligned yourself with Maxine Waters etc.
Mr Corker,You would say anything to suck http://up.You  are a brown nose..Mr Trump is the only person to tell the truth.liberal ass
Trump has been proven to tell 3-4 lies ON CAMERA per day! He's a pathological liar. You're just too stupid to recognize it. He conned you.
It would be great if you would return Tennessee business's calls that need your help
He does. His office has the best response of any in the country. Don't just make up lies.
Getting close to elections, Bob is on the trail. He needs replacing, RINO
I'll not be voting for you anymore after your statement last week! Senator, sometimes the truth needs to be said. Both groups are misguided
You're an effing brainwashed cult member.

What? For being sane and honest? Yeah they don't really fit in anymore I agree.
Wtf is wrong with you man? You support your party or join the other side im tired of you wishy washy republican no more votes for your kind!
Trump is insane. That's the difference. Only insane people can't see it.
Mr Corker,
Your comments regarding our President were shameful and unwarranted.
You are a RINO! Get behind the President or GET OUT!
Fool TRUMP is the RINO lol. He's been a liberal all his life until he needed to get on the Republican ticket. You've been conned by Don lol.
Effing psycho
Do all these fine Tennesseans know that as a multimillionaire you care nothing for the American people or veterans. Just let us die for $$$
You are an enemy of Tennessee, a feather blowing in wind, with no foundation at all.  Except for your own best interests.
You're insane. And madly in love with Trump apparently. Who gets this defensive of a politician? It's insane!
Waking up knowing my Senator is
A liberal makes me sick. You do
Know Tennessee was a deep red 
State. U know better than That voters?
NOT!
So being honest makes one a liberal? What makes him a liberal? Being smart enough to see Trump is a lunatic?
You are a RINO Corker.  You are gone come election time.
He will be re-elected. Trump will be impeached. Bye!
Will never vote for you and my all family will not too.  And Trump for 2020
I hope you enjoyed your lunch with the Rotary.  Now, get the government out of healthcare, empower consumers, increase competition.
You spoke truth about tRump. 25th amendment.
Tennessee time to throw this swamp dweller back into the abyss!  Clearly looking out for his establishment,  maybe he can go work for Gore!
Got a problem with the truth? Prefer a man to lie? Is the GOP all atheists now? Christians are commanded to tell the truth. He did.
After Phoenix and the tweets of 8/24, it is clear trump is unhinged, pathological, and needs help...step up, Senator! This is dangerous!
The only people unhinged are the demoralized radical leftist thugs creating havoc.
Took you long enough to catch on to Trumps incompetence & his inability to act presidential. Then again, you're from Tennessee.
Why insult an entire state? Sounds awfully bigot-y.
Going to enjoy watching you CIRCLE THE DRAIN...when we DRAIN THE SWAMP!!!
Corker will be re-elected. Trump will be impeached. Only he won't fit down the drain. He's too fat.
Stick with the rubber chicken tours you bum! Let those (POTUS) who know how to succeed lead! Hey Tennessee let's recall this old fool
Donald Trump is insane. Choosing him over Corker is insane. You're all brainwashed cult members.
Enjoy your last 16 months in the Senate Bob. The people.of Tennessee will vote you out in the 18 primary. #MAGA
Not one cent to never trumper! Bob need to be retired
You go against trump we go against you traitor!!! Democrat!!!!
Trump is WAY more democrat than Corker.
Please, I beg of you... when will #impeachment proceedings begin? http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/23/trump-senate-yell-phone-calls-241950 … Trump is #UnfitForOffice
Please Senator Corker protect the integrity of the US and get Trump out of the White House!! Please!!
Thank you for commenting on the orange menace's lack of mental fitness.  Please work to remove him
@realDonaldTrump @ValentineShow #WednesdayWisdom we are still waiting for you to fix healthcare, &  explanation of meetings w/George Soros
Ask Kutcher. TRUMP's son in law is the one making billion dollar deals with Soros. Trump is a Democrat. Corker is the REAL REPUBLICAN.
It's easy to pretend to believe
Ur a media darling if
CNN kisses Ur ass you must
Be great. Try talking to your
Voters Ur line is always busy
You can hide now but on Aug 2
We will make you stand up 
And take credit coward
Maybe when Trump begins to uphold the dignity of the office. He wasn't elected (?) to humiliate our great nation with his vitriole.

Paul Ryan is beatable - Obama won his district by 3% in 2008!

Please help spread the word and support @IronStache. https://secure.actblue.com/donate/defeat_paul_ryan …
Questions every Republican must answer after Trump's meltdown http://wapo.st/2xsr6oF?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.aac439886ea9 … Do you trust him with possession of nuclear codes?
Mr Corker- Help- Trump is taking the nation to new LOWS- he's unfit, sick- help- please ask for his resignation
Senator support the RAISE ACT otherwise you will be seen as a corporate sellout...QUALITY not Quantity...break the CHAIN
What has to happen before Congress examines Trump’s fitness for office? How many will die? #PhoenixRally
https://www.apnews.com/39bf5caa16e54a058309d2cee7436704?utm_campaign=SocialFlow&utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=AP …  Jayanka Kushner lied about his contacts with Russia & is under investigation. Remove his security clearance now.
Please consider taking the lead on this: https://www.instagram.com/p/BX5o3ElAEBR/?hl=en&taken-by=jdaviddark …

Senator Corker, taxpayer money is being wasted on Trump "campaign" rallies where he demeans freedom of speech & the press. Trump unstable.

Glad you had nice all-white lunch. Now do something to protect all of U.S. from catastrophic orange man in White House!
It is time to act on getting trump out of the oval office.  How much longer do we have to hear his lies & watch him divide this country?

Good God watching the Phoenix rally tonight I'm more embarrassed than ever. What are you going to do about it? #TrumpResign #Impeach
Can't wait to vote u out of office soon! 
Please get Hitler Trump out of office. He is ruining our country. You know he has mental issues and is unfit. Save America
Thanks Trumps a Mental Case for speaking the truth. Trump's mental instability is getting worse everyday. Senate & House must act now.
Mr.Corker thank you for speaking honestly about DTs limitations.Our country needs you to  to continue speaking out, especially after tonight
Senator Corker, please choose country over party. U know he is not mentally fit. Pls keep speaking out. We need leaders on both sides.
Senator Corker, We hope that you are watching the shit show in Phoenix. He is completely unhinged. Stand up for our nation!

Where's Waldo?  I mean Corker.  He's in Columbia everyone!
What's the story on the unreported income?
This is Corker pushing the #TBTF agenda. You can hear the desperation in his voice. $WFC Employee of the Year!
I'm sure you got real hardball questions like"So how's the wife?"
Say, "I love only white people!"
Why would you be asking him of all people too say that ?
25th
I don't care. You STILL WON'T b getting my vote #corker . Oh #CorkerFailed #TN & he knows he doesn't have the #republican vote. #rhino
UE oh – at Lenox Park
Thk you Mr.Corker for having a spine to admit 45 is Mental, Can't Lead, Must go.OK my words but I know you silently agree. Carry on
Wish that you would support the PDJT & the agenda that he ran on,  that means supporting those who voted for him & were damaged by PBHO
A lot of fart smelling going on.
