Is this the reason senior aides were kept out of the loop and only the Trump family decided to fire our* nations top cop?
Dump Obamacare.  It was bad enough, we definitely don't want Trumpcare.  The Government has no business controlling our healthcare.
How do we respond to Russian interference in our election.
Unbelievable   HYPOCRITE you are!!
U ass holes try fry Secretary Clinton without any proof if illegal activities. TrumpAss is turning our democracy into EVIL DICTATORHIP.
STOP blaming the media and leakers for TRUMP TREASONOUS ACTIVITIES! Whistleblowers leak info to the press to PROTECT THE PUBLIC!
Lol lol bet u bi*tched when #Podesta emails were leaked lol lol two faced uneducated voter lol lol DNC leaks lol 
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO socialized medicine period! #UnitedforFreedom!

Your answer @MeetThePress "let's wait 2C it unfold"It's like the bank is being robbed let's wait until it unfolds B4 cops take action!#idiot
"Covert communication channel established with & for the enemy" = #Espionage #Treason Let's call it what it is! @MalcolmNance @jackrice THX!
He's tiptoeing the line so that he play both sides. If it comes out that Jared is Benedict Arnold, he's given himself breathing room. Gross.
Since u r a informed voter...did u get upset when Pres Obama did same thing w Iran?  it is totally acceptable/Dems making fools of you
U told Chuck u didn't know what he was getting at.. Let me clarify 4 u.. Untold hrs u spent badgering Hiliary re private server & Bingazi
That was a train wreck interview.
.@SenBobCorker why crickets on NSA/FBI/NSA spying on Americans...making you look guilty..got dirt on hands..Repubs covering cow dung on 
You r so ridiculous.Double standards r laughable.If this happened during PRESIDENT OBAMA admin u hypocrites would have tried him 4 Treason

.@AP photo shows @SenBobCorker Peyton Manning in golf attire exiting vehicle in motorcade after returning @whitehouse from Trump golf course
Soo.. you are up for reelection, right? Why are you sucking up to Donald? You know what Merkel and the rest of the world think of the trip.
The #Spineless #NoPrinciples @gop -now the #RussianRepubliskum party of #Treasonoustrump- #PowerBeforePatriotism
 #TheResistance
you are kidding me
this man has slammed our Great president and you are not on there to defend our @POTUS 
We love #45 and RESPECT HIM
How about you stop selling out our country by allowing Trump to go unchecked as he destroys our democracy and our country? Just a thought.
even after investigation was OVER.. but u don't think there's anything at all wrong w/Kushner setting up private line straight 2 the Kremlin
Explain why your committee decided to not issue sanctions against Russia for their interference in our election!! You owe us an explanation!
Senator Corker-Do what is best for the USA. Do not enable this dysfunctional administration to stumble into a Third World War. Truth!
I can't believe u actually want us 2 watch the UNBELIEVABLE hypocrisy u demonstrated on MTP!!!
"Having a good outcome for our nation"...What does that mean Senator?? Et tu Bob? #GOP=FOS
Saw your performance on MTP, so it's okay for a civilian without security clearance to create back channel?This is $$$ laundering not Syria.
Made a fool of yourself, proved you are a liar and not fit for office. #urguilty
Why? Why? Why are you not protecting our country first,instead of Trump? I am embarrassed you are from my state.
Senator, you sound angry and a true #45 fan! You are scary also!
And man were you a fool!
You put party before country this morning! Pathetic!
https://youtu.be/H0i2NND-jMY  Kushner said he will explain. Meanwhile negoi8ns to go forward. Lots jelling on taxes+ Lots 2 do.
Still calling it a success? We are no longer a country trusted by the world unless you are a dictator, murderer, or Russian
How much Russian campaign money did you get Bob?
WHO'S YOUR BOSS, MONSTER? Party oath BEFORE the People & you have sold out the American people. Dems aren't perfect but you GOP are monsters
You do not care about the good people of Tennessee. If you did you would fix health care and impeach Donald Trump for high treason.
what a PATHETIC performance on MTP - PATHETIC
Sorry I was watching #MonacoGP
Chuck asked you if you were concerned about #RussiaGate, and your reply is 'I don't know what you're getting at'??
...What he's getting at is, when are you going to do something about this, rather than just saying 'well, we'll se....'.  Take it seriously!
I'd rather get a root canal and Pap smear than watch you lie.
If Clinton hired family, & Chelsea's husband tried to establish secret, untraceable communications w/ Russia you'd be apoplectic. Hypocrite!
You dont mean Trumps trip you mean Trumps foreign fiasco. He alienated our allies and emboldened our enemies.
You better bring your RINO self home.  We are going to primary your RINO tail.
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #GOPHATESICKPOOR #GOPHATESUS #WANNABDICKTRAITOR #COMPROMISEDPRESIDENCY #IMPEACH
To sum up, "talk to Jared, he can speak for himself." What you didn't say speaks volumes. Jared is radioactive.
Corker made a fool of himself today on Meet the Press. He is good at that.
When will @GOP bellies be full of @realDonaldTrump incompetence? Your crisis of patriotism is bordering on traitorous. US was attacked.
You kept deferring & saying that Kushner is "willing to talk." Why would you believe him if his lawyer is saying Kushner "doesn't recall"?
Senator outstanding job dodging @chucktodd & his determining to twist your words about Russia etc. I believe that's how FAKE NEWS is created
What's that rats nest on your head?
There IS a sense of urgency!!!!!!
When are you protect U.S. intelligence & safety over @GOP KushnerKremlin back channel was it wrong? It's a yes or no question #MTP @MTP
@SenBobCorker is now a full-fledged member of @POTUS's #TeamTreason, along w/@GOP @USAGSessions @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @VP @Cabinet 
Bob, where are all the Reagan Republicans who stood up to Russia? Now all I see are Putin Republicans. I'm disgusted by your "position."
Btw Bob- I see you're up for reelection next year. I will be donating to your opponent- even if it's a @HalfOnionInABag running against you.
Get behind Trump or Tennesseans why you aren't @SenBobCorker.
Tell
Defending an idiot and possible traitor? Trump is indefensible and his trip was no success. Losing your sensibility? Becoming biased?
I hope you will be honest in agreeing it was a disaster and he is an embarrassment to our nation.
And you embarrassed yourself AND Tennessee. BTW, you don't have to shout to get your point across. You'll be judged by your voters!
#GOPFAIL
Such a calming leader @SenBobCorker especially in light of a gotcha sensationalizing host @chucktodd & irresponsible @SenJohnMcCain
I agree.  McCain needs to get over it and start supporting our president.
What does Trump and Russia have on Corker that he is scared to sanction Russia??? Coward.. Politics before country.
Tennessee could do better. America deserves better.
OMG.....could you possibly sound any weaker....jeez
...your silence is actually the sound of your moral compass falling to pieces. You should be deeply ashamed.
...but every single one of you are so forgiving and patient while one red flag after another pops up. You are complicit...make no mistake...
History will judge!
Amen!
It would be refreshing to see just ONE of you Republicans grow a pair and call a spade a spade. You lost your MINDS over Hillary's emails...
This is what you call successful? Alienating our closest allies? https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-05-28/merkel-tells-beer-tent-rally-that-europe-must-plot-own-course …
Just think for one minute how you would be reacting if this were Hillary Clinton trying to establish a secret back channel w foreign country
Party before Country you are. Traitor. Period.
Watch what the GOP does! R they for this Nation they say they love or for the GOP/Trump/Russia. If they sell us out hold the accountable!
Stop dancing around the Russia issue. Even if you believe Trump and Associates did nothing you know 
Russia interfered in the U.S. election.
You are a coward.  You care more about your party then your country.  #coward
NBC is fake news. Maybe that's the place for you to be since you are spineless to show real support for our President !
Let's talk about offending our allies and sucking up to despots. A home run for tyranny!
Congress is failing to protect us. Kuschner must have his clearances revoked ASAP. PROTECT US or you are true TRAITORS!
I wonder if your position would be "wait until we see" if HRC had done this. The HYPOCRISY of the GOP en total is staggering.
Ummm...no. He is PATHETIC!
Are you going to be hooked up to a lie detector for this interview
Watched your interview. I understand your call for patience to see the facts come out, but set aside GOP-speak & address loyalty to USA.
You were horrible. Nothing but rambling of hot air. Blah. Blah. Blah.
You mean NBC? Not until people wake up and realize that they put commercial air time above country. Stop watching that crap.
Chuck Todd's wife donates to @timkaine and @SenSanders
Wow. The song & dance routines sure seem to make the Republicans  guilty as hell re: Trump, Russians in the election etc. Corker involved to
Put America first. You know Trump & team are traitors. What would you do if Trump was a Democrat? You'd be impeaching him by now.
Had Hillary or Obama done .000001% of what Trump has done the Republicans would have called for impeachment months ago.
Jared Kushner lied on security forms TWICE. Wants to set up secret communications with the Russians in the RUSSIAN embassy. This is #TREASON
But he doesn't remember...best line of defense when you're GUILTY of treason!!!
Why are you on this show? Chuck Todd's wife is hardwired to Democratic Party
Remember the oath you took to protect your country! We will not forget! #RESISTANCE
It is unbelievable how transparently you ducked the questions on @MeetThePress this morning.
I'm watching your interview. I want you on my dodgeball team. Time for the GOP step up and deal with the elephant in your caucus.
You're looking like Nixon debating Kennedy. Sweating, red-faced.
Stand for something @SenBobCorker !
Oh he stands for something alright just not America
Republicans are sooo full of shit they can't smell it anymore
Another Russuglican Senator from Russia!
Why go on the show when you won't answer any questions? If we let Jared speak for himself - then you are useless on these shows.
He's obviously ducking them in order to keep the Trump Admin floating until they can pass taxes and health care. It's gross.
Protect the constitution!
Watching presently,Sen. Corker of Tennessee, @MeetThePress @ChuckTodd
U R a ...support Trump
Local listings may be as close as constituents can get to you in our home state
We your Constituents want to know what you are doing to get Traitors out of our White House
Senator Corker, Puppet Trump makes a mockery of American principles. Russia's man.
This Tennessee gal is going to watch and see how you represent our beloved @POTUS
loved @realDonaldTrump #SHOVING to be in FRONT, #America PAYS ITS #NATO Bill , OF COURSE WE GET A FRONT ROW SPOT, Losers in the BACK Go #USA
You are not going to be President Bob. Running to the microphone to bash POTUS marks RINO's.
Maybe while you're at it, you might discuss the ongoing treason in the white house?
Why won't you join your constituents for a town hall instead?
I second this. Since Jared is so open to speaking with people, maybe the Senator can take a few questions with his constituents.
Typical esblishment politicians sucking up to the mainstream media! We will vote you out next time around in Tennessee!
#maga
#45
you should go on @OANN ... they are the only trusted media outlet these days. and he only one I watch.
Com'on Bob, we don't watch #fakenews Chuck Todd or NBC...you know that.
Donald Trump is destroying our country, and your party. 

And you own it.
We do not watch #fakenews
