This doesn't even surprise us anymore.  What happens to you people when you get to D.C.?  Is the power temptation too strong?  #termlimits
IF YOU CENSOR OUR POTUS>>>WE WILL CENSOR YOU!!! AMERICA WILL VOTE ALL NWO SHILLS OUT SOON!!!
https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/898393491633471488 …
Please.  "fine people" don't march with torches, chanting "Jews will not replace us." He defended Nazis.  #impeach
he def condemned Nazi's &KKK if saw WHOLE press conf. He also condemned viol by ANY group. were other ppl there 2..
She was N Charlottesville. She is not a neo Nazi & there were others like her. The president was right MSM is wrong. https://www.pscp.tv/w/bF8ehzFQWEtkUkpwUFp3RWV8MXlOR2FtUllZQWdHahhierKQWZ5Wi6B-byRcbQ29K5WhlBjItzlKvwU5onmd …
He said some of them were fine people. How many fine people do you know who march with people who are shouting "Jews will not replace us" ?
Bob be careful your starting to sound like a never trumper, we will vote you out
Thank you for your leadership and courage to speak up about Trump. He hijacked Republican party. Sad.
I stand with @realDonaldTrump
My Uncle Bill died fighting Nazis 1944 now we have a Prez who says some of them are "very fine people"? I'm ready for President Pence.
Who would listen to a traitor to the president? Democrats? Vote this moron out!!!!
How did they respond to Trump praising the Nazis?
Remember POTUS huge win in Tenn? Same voter's, like me, that will oust U come election time! FACT! You only represent your bank acct! FACT
Yet he failed to properly claim millions in income. Corners hand in the cookie jar. Part of the swamp.
If you vote f9r closure against POTUS we will not wait for reelection we will start a recall of you immediately. U forgot where you're from
#VOTECORKEROUT
You know what infuriates me? Elected officials who forget they represent the people and not their own agenda.
Son, Trump infuriates you?
Gotta go!!
From a life long Dem- thank you for speaking up against Donald Trump.
Hope you vote for him. No self respecting Tennessean will
Thank you for speaking out about your concerns about this POTUS
Be quiet
I will never be quite ... ever
Both parties corrupt to the core
Bobby, why so many mistakes on your income reporting? I understand you were about to get caught then tried to come clean. Comments?

Looking for RINO List of Senators that MUST GO??

Here's a start - minus Tim Scott which is a surprise. https://twitter.com/steph93065/status/899476503464779776 …
I heard on pub radio u r getting hate calls. U r above that so help us make it stop by standing by yr word to all America. We have yr back.
He'd put a knife in yours
@SenBobCorker Attack @POTUS ? but not 1 word about #AwanBrother spy ring in congress? Do you have Awan Blackberry? you compromised?
Thank you,sir, for your comments about the President.
Corker in it for the money, honey
you did the right thing and history will remember you well! THANKYOU!
LOL.  Only if liberals rewrite history
You're done, Corker. Support the President or get out! You know damn well what is happening as do we. Stop playing games!
Really step up!
Impeach Trump!!!
You a twit
When are you going to Support WE THE PEOPLE who voted for TRUMP?  You are a TRAITOR to us and to AMERICA! Can't WAIT until the next election
Thank you Senator Corker for speaking what the majority of America are thinking!  Wish I could vote for you!
Glad you can't, twit
I applaud your courage to be a twit
Thank you Senator Corker for supporting our Veterans.
LOL. He supports his bank accounts
No you're not! American population is 323.1 million. NO# of people who voted Trump just under 63 million and Clinton, just under 66 million.
Mex-Amer Native family of 12 support @realDonaldTrump Get a spine and stand up to Antifa Fascist. #AwanGate info @
Another bot heard from.
Never met a Bot I didn't like. Especially a Mexican Bot with family of 12. Have you even hear of #AwanBros indicted yesterday? Use google.
So you did not disclose 3.5
Million and you judge Trump
What a hypocrite
U don't deserve to speak@the veterans  breakfast. Standing w the alt left?? What the hell is wrong with u? Will b a pleasure to see u go. 
Thank you so much for speaking up and out. We know it takes courage to do the right thing in this situation. So thank you.
You a dog for sho
You piece of work. How dare you.  You are the incompetent one.  The president was absolutely correct. W.  Virginia happened because of mayor
Bob, you are a RINO!
We the people will #RepealCongressComing  faster than you think!  #TermLimits  CORRUPT GOV HAS GOT TO GO!
End your Discriminating attacks on Trump Supporters NOW!  MY VOTE COUNTS! NO, NO, NO, VOTE TO CENSURE OUR @POTUS  You are stealing our votes
Support OUR president Donald J. Trump -shldnt b hard considering you ran as a republican MAGA 
Rumor has it you plan to sensor our President? For what? Saying that two wrongs were involved in Charlottesville! You'd never get my vote!
You, Sen.Corker, haven't displayed competence to be successful. Game over if you don't support POTUS!
Trump also supports our veterans. You think with a vote to censure our president will gain you support? It won't&we will remember how U vote
we need TERM LIMITS to drain the DC swamp!!!

I hope you were as horrified by the terrorists in VA : Antifa and KKK. Peaceful protest is accepted per our Constitution.Speak up for Pres
By the way you've been there a while. Why are our Vets suffering and senators are getting richer. They made the sacrifices for 
Do NOT censor our President!!!
You're a traitor Corker, I will NEVER vote for you again. You on Clinton Foundation payroll? You better side w/ @POTUS
No censure #RINO!
May you reap what you sow.    Stand with President Trump or resign
We know and we won't forget. https://www.youtube.com/embed/L50JyrbK_R0 …
If this #censorship thing is true tomorrow you had better stand with @realDonaldTrump.  80% of #TN's voted for #Trump.  Guard your job sir.
Bob.. You are fake and defenetaly a Democrat
Hey Bob your demeaning our president. You will be voted out of office. U quickly forget the Democrats past of Racism
Try being honest and run as a democrat next time, you traitor. We will not forget.
POTUS isnt racist. Isnt white supremitist.
We the People will vote any and all RINOs out
Ill continue. the news wsnts just what u did. they want Trump.out. For Gods sake what are u thinking. POTUS is a good.!
Trump is NOT a white supremitist.NOT a racist!! NOT a kkk memb.He has ALWAYS completely nixed them.u.down him is WTONG!
Traitor. Liar. You will be voted out. Citizens around the country will help in the campaign against you.
BRAINWASHED Isis ideologue Rag Heads ANTIFA and Alt-left NAZI Libs. The more they show ignorance and act Un the more DNC loses votes
I heard you are trying to impeach Pres Trump. You even try and the Civil War will be a cake-walk to Trump supporters.
The choice is pretty simple, Corker. Do you want to keep your job or not?

This is Bob... 
Ah. Explains a lot. He is a garbage human.

I am one of your constituents who hopes to see you removed from office as soon as possible. You have no backbone. Get behind our president!

This is Bob... 




We the ppl support Trump
American Traitor Do NOT censure our President 
The veterans won't be honored to hear you if you don't support our President. I will vote against you next time if you don't support @POTUS

Could Corker be the plug in the swamp?

This is Bob... 
http://www.dailyviraltopics.com/2017/08/20/woman-just-asked-republican-senator-avoids-town-halls-response-disgusting/ …  why did you say this and touch her like that
You need to back our president, not anybody else idiot!!! We the people voted for our president Trump! You can be replaced!!
Rinooooooooo
If support police,oppose riots &crime, value work & self reliance, for merit immigration, save historical art,& put US 1st...you are a NAZI
President Trump has done more for veterans than any President in history & all patriots stand with our President!
I was offered a chance to meet President Bush at Fort Benning (I declined). I was offered a retirement letter signed by Obama (I declined).
hows the swamp
Corker the Dorker! I don't really want to use the name spineless for this former Republican, but it comes to mind. FreedomOfSpeechDead! #GOP
Start supporting our President now
Your a RINO
All show no go!
See what they are doing calling
Terrorist attack last week right
Wing violence thanks for standing
Up for us dam I'll work 2 get U
Primaried
Voters are fed up with you.
#votecrockerout. MAKE IT GO VIRAL
#votecrockerout
Swamp!
must send a message to Republicans or we will lose Trump. Bannon is warning ppl they r planning against Trump, no plan to work with him
Thank u for publicity stating your serious doubts re:the stability of @realDonaldTrump .He's clear & present danger, congress must act now!
They probably haven heard your latest take down of POTUS.. hope you aren't planning on being re elected..
http://www.libertyheadlines.com/gop-sen-corker-trump-not-demonstrated-stability-competence/ …
START PACKING 4 "WE THE PEOPLE WILL KICK U OUT N 2018-ELECTIONS"
U ARE A LIER AND A TRAITOR 2 EVERY AMERICAN ! ! !
For Bob Corker, Leftist mobs bear NO responsibility for the violence they perpetrate. Corker supports Leftist mobs.
PRESIDENT TRUMP supports veterans...You Corker..Do not work with the PRESIDENT
Nor do you stand for veterans...As our President says... You're fake news!!
Sen. Corker, before you criticize the President, let's get something done in the senate. Repeal & replace, remember??
LOVE ME LOVE ME NOT HUH BOB? LOL....KIDDING...
You have lost your mind and your way Sen Corker.  Support our @POTUS.
They just grouped Tennessee
In with the Pro progressive
Movement in America because
Of you. They are grouping
Us with Warren dam you suck
Hopefully the good ppl of Tenn vote your ass out when the time comes, pig at the trough
Bye Bye at election time Bobby !!!
You RINO! We don't want our POTUS to be like YOU! You can't get over not being picked for his cabinet. Your advice is not what anyone needs!
Jackass.
Wasted time on another liberal Tennessee Republican!  #NomoreAlexanderCorker. conservatives are DONE with your brand of bad leadership!
Do your job and protect free speech!
#ImpeachUScongress a #decade of #freeloading #thieves must go
Too bad he doesn't support our President!   Time for him to be replaced!
#ProtectFreeSpeech or be voted out of office!
Corker you are way off base ridiculing Trump. You sir, do not get it. You are the swamp and you slither like a snake  in fear of your job.
You're another McCain who has let your envy of an outsider becoming potus cloud your judgment. We elected trump not caring your 2cents.
Democrat's and Republican's sat around and watched NAFTA destroy the middle class! Step down Bob!
Trump beat you to it! You wouldn't be talking about it if it wasn't for Trump! It's like you don't work for Tennessee!
You're a Never-Trump TRAITOR!
Did U take bribe money 
From Hillery like Paul Ryan
John MCcain and Kasich
You people are unreal all
Of you need to be primaried
TRUMP TRAIN
I will not vote for you mr corker!!
Bob corker is a disappointment to the party
Great
The vets love our President , I 'm sure they were respectful, a lesson you should learn .
Why would you speak out against our President? I thought you were better than that.  I guess you are getting paid to be a traitor.
Your a disappointment!
Kudos to you @SenBobCorker for support of our veterans. I hope you support bills to fund vet care during the next session.
You sounded like a True Blue Democrat, knocking President Trump! Shame on you!
Shame on you.
You Sir are a Rino! I hope you lose your seat 
Idiot
You need to stand with TRUMP  he called like what it was alt-left antifa and neo-Nazi Waring
you said "our nation will go through great peril." What are you doing about it? What? What? Seriously, what?
resign
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/aug/30/bob-corkers-blunder-helping-obama-get-iran-deal/ …
Thank you, Senator Corker, for the courage to speak out about Trump defending Nazis.  I can't imagine how anyone can still support him.
Your finished in 2018 loser!
you need to stand with our president.
Really?

You have lost your support in Knoxville, not smart criticizing Potus
Guess your part of the corrupt swamp
Gonna vote you out if you can't stand by our President.
You shot your President for politics.  Failures on OC promises has made you guys liars.  Thank McCain.
Hey Bob, are the inaccuracies in your financial paperwork, incompetence or corruption? Get yourself in order before condemning POTUS.
Well stated!
This vet is voting you out RINO.
Where is Tennessee leader
Are you  The Mavericks dog bird
Ass . Your supposed to fight for
Us leave that ass kisses at the door
Tn leader??
We The People, voted @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and expect you to support him.

You backstab him, you back stab the Country.

Snake in Swamp.
Photo-ops are baloney and I would be ashamed to allow you @SenBobCorker to attach your name to anything.

May you reap the same you display.
First... no more Corker, then adios to Alexander, Graham and McCain! Your position will not survive this.
True 
Here ya go Bob, this is what you and the other spineless ELECTED officials support; #Veterans4Trump #WeVote #NoMoreRhinos . #Trump2020
traitor the Globalist are trying to destroy us from within you were elected to defend America   ANTIFA nazis causing riots and your silent
Speaking against @POTUS won't get you any TN votes. TN supports @POTUS. Get with our presidents agenda if you want to keep your job.
Ok Racist.
I'm feeling anti-incumbant all of a sudden.
2) trying to take credit for helping Vets. Trump fired over 500 losers at the VA and now Corker is critizing Trump of competence & stability
Corker is the one who botched and put together the worst deal in US history with Iran. Now he criticizes Trump & panders to the Vets & ...
Washington does absolutely nothing!! Useless bunch all of you need to be replaced.

I am disgusted by you comments regarding our President with your negative buzz words. you need to look  in the mirror yourself.
Oh I see we are now to listen to the Senator who set up a "show vote" on the Iran nuke deal.
This is your boss speaking "the people" do your job and keep your mouth shut about the @POTUS. I am sitting next to an angry Veteran. Work!
We will never vote for you again. Stand with @POTUS Grow a spine the @TheDemocrats are in control of you, Senator McCain and Senator Graham.
Not from TN but it looks like you lost all your support. Oh, those 1200 jobs, you can thank Trump for that. Now go do what we paid you to do
It's weird that you'd point out that Trump isn't stable or competent and then accuse one of your constituents of working for Soros.
I have a lot of respect and time for you. I will now listen!  Thank you
