Do the job you were elected to do .
All of you #BenedictArnolds going against our @POTUS and the American people's agenda...will be voted out of office! not a threat a fact !
You say @realDonaldTrump hasn't shown responsibility in his accomplishments, but he's actually done more than you. #TermLimits
Sen Corker u and ur buddy Alexander need to start lookin for a job. Next election y'all r out! Too many lies!
#CorruptCorker
This is Bob... 

Why? Because you don't like him. No impeachable offenses whether you like it or not. Sorry!
140 characters are not enough.  Always love that "Christian" label for Trumpflakes
Who made you the authority on someone's belief system, JoeyFlake! Buzz off!
You guys suck as lawmakers.  Thanks for nothing.  You really screwed up the repeal of Obamacare.  Unbelievable.
Aw, tis lovely you're supporting McConnell in a tiff, but about this potential nuclear war thing - no comment? #SenForeignRelationsChair
Since you're too young, & ignorant of real history, many of us lived decades of our lives under threat of nuclear war! Get over it!
A vote to impeach trump would make you a national hero! A global hero! As a Tennesseean that'd make me proud!!
No they should have been tackled months ago but you were too busy vacationing.
@SenBobCorker You are a sellout. Your voters will remember that you did not support our President. @POTUS works for us. @chawkjr7 @AGameWins
BIRDS OF A FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER DO NOTHING SENATE LEADER AND SENATE
McConnell is a failure and so are you for not recognizing it. He's ineffective and needs to be replaced.
Do what you always do and get same outcomes. The people of TN want CHANGE IN WASHINGTON. You're NOT DOING YOU JOB>
Really you take Americans for granted as you've had 8 years to have something in place. @POTUS should call you out. Get to work get er done
Sir, I sure hope you are right about Ldr.  Looks doubtful?  I can only ask for forgiveness if he is giving it his all with T support.
All talk, no action. Why we voted for Trump. You and Ryan are among the several establisment Brutus players who put a knife in his back.
Why don't you hold a town hall so your constituents can discuss this further with you in person? Are you afraid of us?
Why would even Corker hold townhall for you?! You're NOT his constituent. You didn't vote for him. All you want to do is disrupt.
watching on from Canada ,I hope so. Senator McConnell demeanor appears beaten. He needs to snap to and prevent Trump from firing Tillerson.
It's time for new leadership in @SenateGOP and @SenateMajLdr must go! Quit making excuses and man up to do the job we sent you there to do!
GOP is do nothing party
Could y'all read this aloud to each other? https://www.instagram.com/p/BX5o3ElAEBR/?hl=en&taken-by=jdaviddark …
You guys are the problem not the solution. You have no clue nor do you really care about us (common folk). stop attacking @realDonaldTrump
Like healthcare?  The cart & pony show McCain put on was theatrics. McConnell knew exactly how it was going to end. It's time to #DitchMitch
Stunned you're in support of McConnell! He is purposely obstructing POTUS Trump agenda, ie agenda We voted for! McConnell serves himself!
Be serious, what republicans are doing to the party ? Nothing, just knee bend to democrats ? What is this nonsense they trying to pull now
Bull! Crap!
I hope you misspoke when you said President Trump is not stable.  Big mistake.  
People might have unkind words 
for you.  I know I do.
If you don't succeed, Fail, Fail again. All the GOP is good at is Redistributing Wealth To the Already Wealthy…Try working WITH Dems!
You are both wimps compared to @realDonaldTrump.
At this time, the Senate seems to be a little incompetent and unstable. As a member of the Senate,do you think you can help to correct that?
And no idea on how to get out of the mess. FRAUD!!!
Just words . . . 
Try . . . . . . . . . . 

Bob Corker doesn't care about you. He's switched sides to #DeepState #Nevertrumper #RINO. Sad.

This is Bob... 
YEA MAKE SURE YOU GO ALL OUT FOR THE http://LOBBY.NEW  FACES COMING ELECTION TIME KEEP PLAYING GOOD OLE BOYS CLUB.MAGA
No better man than Our Great President Trump to get the job done right!!
.
Corker & McConnell, 2 phonies, Unconstitutional gave Our $$ 2evil Iran bcause they r 2 stupid& scared of Democrap RinoMediaSlush FundComplex
that is an absolute joke, if that was case senate would have accomplished something by now #realDonaldTrump
I will no longer support any GOP incumbents due to broken promises and failure to support POTUS. You no longer speak with my voice.
Yes. He talked about competence of POTUS, but forgot to mention his total incompetence!
Mitch McConnell belongs in a nursing home and you on the unemployment line
U all should B in DC getting this done.Fed Up w speeches & no results.R need 2 rally w Pres Don't care if U like him Get agenda done now
Why hasn't it been done yet? As an American tax payer, I drive over pot-hole stricken roads of New York and pay substantial fed. taxes.
Yeah u guys did a bang up job on HC
You have had 7 yrs to get your repeal/repl & tax reform plans together. Maybe the Senate should NOT have gone on their undeserved vacation.
Now they're gonna be busy renaming every confederate town/city, destroying monuments to slave owners,  and creating new currency! 
Mitch McConnell is worthless & only out 2 screw the ppl of this country. He proved where his loyalties lie w/the Repub HC plan he pushed
Yeah, senator you guys have accomplished so much already. Like the --- wait a minute, the ---- maybe--- what have you& Mitch done exactly?
You incompetent fools could screw up a ham sammich
You guys are lazy should be fired
You must be kidding. @SenateMajLdr has proven that he is worthless as tits on a boar hog.
What a disappointment you & other Republicans are. Y'all are the biggest Con artist/ liars ever. Stop trash talking POTUS & do your job.
Every time GOP deals with economy we end up in a recession.  I think I am tired of GOP ideas about economic reform. Tired of bailouts.
Start by repealing Obamacare like you promised. If you fail, we will primary all of you out of office. We have removed bigger incumbents B4
What planet are you living on? He's a failure just like you. tell American people one thing & do the opposite. When will you do your job?
Nice of you to be a good sport re: McConnell. I don't like him but I can't stand to see ppl beaten down. Tired of Trump beating folks down!
if Congress wants to work together, why are we paying salaries to people that do not cooperate? you have to help or get out of the way
No Confidence Senate will ever get anything done. Too many DEEPSTATER working against America & the PRESIDENT.SAD time in History, Swamprats
You gutless liars aren't going to do anything but try to stay in office
2 FIX HEALTHCARE YOU MUST FIRST FIX REASON- FDA-BAD DRUGS- CHEMS IN OUR WATER(TREATMENT) I SUFFERED FROM BAD DRUGS & LEARNED SO MUCH FROM !!
Says a man whose gang promised "repeal & replace" for 6yrs for $$  & votes, then choked when it counted. But Trump is the problem. Got  it.
How can you talk about things like this when the president is a liar, a RACIST, a sexist, a bully & totally incompetant! #ImpeachTrump
Strike one. Want to try again, perhaps spend less time trashing Trump and more time do your duty.
You guys are failing our gr8 President.
You are a demagogue
Next year we will defeat the DemocRATS and repeal and replace all the Republican clowns we are with trump
Then why is it not getting done? Listened too many years to the talk. Time for results or resign.
He's failed Bob. It's time to start replacing establishment politicians.
Like he tackled Obamacare...GOP lies and more GOP lies. DOn't know how you guys live with yourselves.
The voters want doers in office.  Enough with the BS empty promises. Go accomplish something.  You've had 8 months in the majority.
Are you serious?  Have you been drug tested?
You would be wise to get solidly behind POTUS. Trump supporters are watching and a bit ticked off right now.
America does not need you. It's hard to say it, but thank you for service. We want to return America to greatness , you're part of problem.
You are so full go crap.
The @GOP has been totally useless to @realDonaldTrump and #MAGA
You will face the wrath of the #TrumpTrain
You best rethink your strategy...
Or you will be seeing ALL OF US Shortly
Just Sayin'

#IStandWithThePresident
#IStandWithTrump
#MAGA 
BULL........
@realDonaldTrump just put you @GOP clowns on notice.
We have had it with your congressional lies and sweet-talk 
#MAGA
You guys could not pass a bill if your life depended on it. You suck.
Need to be done. Why public decries politicians, nothing seems to get done. Act w/urgency huge advantage to waste.Perfect is enemy of good
Try quitting your bitching over what the Prez sounds like & doesn't sound like get 2 work on behalf of the people Bob! @realDonaldTrump
That's not what your dear leader @realDonaldTrump l,the revealed KKK wizard, says. If you support a racist nazi, you are one by association.
@SenBobCorker you have #libertyscore of 47%. You R a RINO.
Might help if you all would listen to constituents, rather than @GOP & wealthy friends. You used to; now you're just like all the rest. 
When will they be tackled? Do-nothing 115th could care less about America. Midterms 2018 come on now. Ditch Mitch NOW! Worst ever leader.
BUT WE WANT TO SEE ACTION NOT WORDS from the Senate and Mitch.
20 trillion in debt and unable to repeal the biggest job killer in history the ACA but we can still look forward to His leadership! 
Let's start with denouncing white supremacist terrorists and their bullhorn.
actually, there are far better people.  When will you begin listening to your constituents?
Since Corker is not supporting OUR @POTUS...he has joined our list to be VOTED OUT as a RINO! :(
he does support him why are you saying that?
Long list but for starters he has aligned himself with establishment RINOS his unwillingness to publicly defend the Pres. against fake news
Respectfully Sir:  What have you done in seven years about repeal and replace? Disappointing.
Mr. Corker, you've had 7 YEARS to repeal and replace. Stop making excuses. If you can't do it, then resign. Stop blaming Trump.
BOB I KNOW WHAT YOUR WORD MEANS REME ME DR JUANITA REED & I WAS HI BIDDER WHEL PLANT N CHATTA IS NOW IN UR TRUST
BOB I KNOW WHAT YOUR WORD MEANS REME ME DR JUANITA REED & I WAS HI BIDDER WHEL PLANT N CHATTA IS NOW IN UR TRUST
NO EMPLOYEES 34+YR GOT NO PENISON NOTHING U HAD JUDGE GIVE BACK 2 BANKRUPT OWNERS WHO HUSBAND HAD DIFF LAST NAME U NOW HAVE IT IN UR TRUST??
Do you ever speak about meaningful topics? You are truely out of touch.
Stop your lying get it done. You've been saying for seven years you'd repeal and you failed. This will not be forgotten. Stop crying
ONE FOLLOWING ANOTHER DO NOTHINGS WE ELECTED NOT ONE OF U DON'T EARN UR MONEY TAKES 4 EVER 2 DONOTHING"WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE"
Same old school; keep what have and go no where.. longstanding problem of Washington gone amuck The people want action not Press Remarks
- what the hell have all of you been doing for 7 months? - not a GD thing - We want it done!
Prove it, get it done!
McConnell is perfect. Especially if you like failure, right? Put a cork in it.
YOUR CONSTITUENTS ARE BEING BEATEN, MACED AND RUN OVER IN THE STREETS BY NAZIS -- WHERE ARE YOU?
@SenAlexander Issue a statement on the current situation in Virginia
Really? Trump and the American people gave you a majority. Now please stand with him. At least Dems stick together.
I was hoping you'd already have gotten healthcare back to free market principles and would be passing tax reform by now.  Not impressed.
There's a reason you won't condemn Nazis.  They're your base.  Complete silence out of you during this riot of your people.
This tweet is a great fundraiser for @SenBobCorker's next primary opponent.
Spoken like a true loyalist--we remember your promising to for for "whatever Mitch decides to bring forward"; and you did!
I hope so. Cause you guys have done nothing the 1st half. Tired of promises need results.
So says the man that gave up the Senate Treaty power in support of Obama and your Progressive Democrat tovarisch in the Senate!
You are out of your mind
The people voted in the Presidential election stating they do not want the Rino/Dims same old Swamp rhetoric. GET ON BOARD OR GET OUT OF WAY
Impeach now.
Impeach Trump, then.  You would have a lot of support with this move.  He's insane, impulsive and an imbecile.
From bringing back the rule of law and private property protections, hopefully the DOJ prosecutes you and other sold politicians #fanniegate
fix Obamacare, infrastructure, energy, clean energy, fair taxation.
Term Limits
You suck! Just like McConnell I will do everything including campaigning in TN to get you Lamar, Diane other RHINO's from representing me!
Who cares? Who is this guy you are allowing to be pres. Threatening everyone with military. Do something. This is Not USA!
#DitchMitch
What happened with healthcare???
I'm really disappointed in all of you. Get behind our POTUS and support his agenda or resign. I promise to do all I can 2 defeat U.
Yeah right Bob.  He did a great job with Repeal and Replace.  You are failing the people of Tennessee.  Get back to work!
Now your leader is threatening military intervention in Venezuela?? What's next, Iceland..because, you know, ice?? You need to stop him now!
Can't support Pres Trump like you did obama.
It's sickening
You and all of the @SenateGOP have placed party over country and now @POTUS is dangerously toying with a nuclear confrontation. #Crazy
Yea Obama and Clinton had nothing to do with that huh?!
Hog Wash! McConnell like you are a dismal failure. Out of touch, self absorbed elites who only care about special interest. Support Mr Trump
Pretty weak, better step it up. YOU chair foreign relations & Drumpf is acting like a petulant kindergartner- talk abou that!!!
REPEAL & REPLACE, fulfill your promises. Tennesseans are in real trouble with Obamacare. GET BACK TO WORK!
You're kidding! We live in Knox County and will be actively campaigning against you and for the candidate who supports the President!
Me too!!
We CAN Fix Healthcare. First, Keep Repeal PROMISE! Then, Stop Doing Same Thing Over Again-Time to Try Something NEW!
We need Senate FP leaders to speak up for prudence & diplomacy given wholly ignorant, self-dealing, imbalanced POTUS
Appalling Kushner has sec clearance let alone leads Middle East delegation. Why allow degradation to banana republic status? @schelzigAP

Left: The official summary ("readout") of Trump's call to the governor of Guam

Right: Trump's actual words 
You guys need to get control of Trump before we get into a war the world!
Oh yes, Mitch McConnell and you record has been stellar so far.
Well that's not entirely true. The healthcare disaster was not a good outcome. @SenateMajLdr might want to get Trump OUT OF THE WH!
While at it grow some ba--s and go after Hillary,lynch, comey, rice and Obama the real crooks in the Russian affair
Really. After 8 years of saying repeal and replace you have the fucking nerve to say he's doing great
If there's none better, then we need to throw out everyone in Congress.
#endpartisangames #nomoredonothings #2018
Get it done. If you squander this opportunity, the people of the Great State of Tennessee will speak out again like this past November #maga
FAce it GOP can't lead or govern, and you're a disgrace to the men and women who gave their lives for this country. 2018 is coming soon
Why was a Russian spy plane allowed to fly over Pentagon and the Capitol and all around Washington? What classified were they given?
Time to kick Traitor Trump to the curb. He attacks Congress for Sanctions then praises Putin for sanctions. Have some respect for America..
Really? What about current NK crisis? Russia's interference w our democratic process? Your boss' continuing reckless actions? You are WEAK.
Only results will prove this not cheerleading. We want results it's what we voted for.
Um, you can't pass a bill. You have NOTHING to show.
"locked and loaded" freak'in idiot using tense situation with N. Korea to play to his base. Playing golf and playing to his base. worthless.
good luck, suckers! #RepublicanHypocrisy
I respectfully disagree!  Time 4 @SenateMajLdr to go. Ineffective!  Needs to retire. Lacks leadership to get anything done.Complete failure!
Hurry up and repeal Obamacare and BUILD THE WALL!
Dump Trump before he starts a war that will kill millions FIRST. Then get all of congress together and solve some problems.
Typical #NeverTrumper stand by @SenateMajLdr can't wait to vote against you! #Draintheswamp if it's 2 tuff, #quit
You all had 7 YRS to get stuff done and u didn't do it. U should all be voted out
Are u serious??? He won't do anything anymore than u will. U just stall and stall till its recess time again. McConnell needs to go!!!!
If I recall, healthcare was a bust. You guys weren't able to come up with any repairs for ACA and your scheme to abolish fell apart.
If you approach tax reform and infrastructure the same way you did healthcare, don't see anything happening except you both blustering.
Wimpy Republican Senators have been calling for repeal & replace for 7 years so what's the excuse now? Get the job done!
Says the RINO swamp creature helping to block what Tennesseans voted for!
You both complained the entire Obama era about healthcare and when the ball was in your court you all dropped it. Republican majority & all.
Disagree. How about exercising some leadership yourself?
@SenateMajLdr doesn't need your defense from @Potus but AMERICA does!  Stand for Country over party!
We understand why you don't work for the people of TN. It seems that corporate America pays you more. Time to work for us.
I wish @SenateMajLdr would work with @realDonaldTrump to complete what the #GOP set out to do. #MiddleClass expects it!
We love you
Trump treats Rep senators like his employees , and they play along
its your friend @therealdonaldjtrump that is attacking @SenateMajLdr
