This is a start, sir, but Tennesseans want to know that you condemn white supremacy. You owe this to minority constituents #Charlottesviille
I disagree he owes it to all his constituents!

I am white and have no desire to be in anyway associate with these monsters.
I totally agree with you. I just think sometimes it's worth reminding these guys that they don't only represent white Tenesseans.
Good enough. I just wanted to make sure it was clear that his white voters also disagree with these people!
I too am a white TN voter, and I definitely want to hear him condemn white supremacy! The fact that he has not speaks poorly of him
I am white and I want to save all history good and bad so we can learn from past experience
We can learn from history without making shrines and erecting statues to defeated foes who took up arms against the US. (1/2)
We don't erect statues to Nazis or King George, yet we study WWII and the Revolution. (2/2)
You can't bring yourself to condem LITERAL Nazi murderers... 

Who the hell do you represent?

What does it take to make you take a stand?


And yet you QUESTION our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  competency you're just feeding the liberal hate fire
Apologise to the president ur recent statement was horrible ur not helping our cause by going after the president
Proud of your comments about Trump failing to demonstrate American values. Don't stop
I thought u were a conservative rep., shame 2 b a Tennessean right about now& your lack of supporting the President,u will b voted out soon
Thank You for standing UP! We need the Sincere Voice that YOU gave all of US! You gave me hope! DT response was Unacceptable.


Don't let egomaniac Trump bully you for speaking the truth.
Hey Bobby, before you run off bashing POTUS again, check our financial disclosures first, make sure not another $4 Million you forgot!!
We the ppl of TN stand against your reprehensible remarks against our President who won our state w/app 64% of the vote. SUPPORT THE PRES!
Call them out by name or not at all. "I, @BobCorker denounce Nazi and white supremacist groups and beliefs in the strongest terms." Try it.
Right after left denounce hate groups BLM CAIR & ANTIFA

U forgot to denounceDon't u think u should


Be your own man Senator.  There is no need to ask the idiot in  charge for permission to do anything
Wait a minute, did you condemn these groups by name? Haven't seen it yet because Antifa is just as bad as White Supremacist group.
There would have been no violence if ANTIFA had not initiated it and the police had not herded the Permit Holding groups into the onslaught
@POTUS was clear. No censure of him! Represent your constituency.
Senator I pushed for your election, but I'm starting to think you are part of the establishment.

Ex-KKK leader David Duke thanks Trump for blaming alt-left for Charlottesville
MSM to you: "Sit, RINO, sit! Good dog!"
Losing our history, losing our country. Real Americans like the monuments, communists like to smash everything.
Senator, thank you for your words & your stance on our administration.
Q: did YOU stand up against ILLEGALS, when Kate Steinle was KILLED?  did you pray for her family?  Did YOU vote for kates law???
I voted for you every time your name was on the ballot. No more! But now I see that all u Repub Sen's had NO intention in Obamacare Repeal!
Uh, what? Something missing here but can't quite put my jackboot on it.
Why can't you let old people on fixed incomes off the hook on property tax increase?!
I wish you would think about your role in our nation. Tired of seeing the clip of you in news media slamming our @POTUS
I can't believe the Repub estab  still hasn't figured it out why Donald won. They are tired of hearing our Reps in Washing'n fall way to PC
As a Life long conservative who lives in TN I wonder what you thought you would accomplish with your inflammatory wides about POTUS ?
Weakest response by a senator yet.  Remember, Bob Corker was first elected by race baiting.  Running a white woman w/ his black opponent ad.

Well bless your hart, when are you going to stand with our president?
Bob, saw where you condemned Potus for his statement on Tuesday. It's sad you didn't come out and condemn Antifa as well as the other group
Senator: Unless you condemn them all, your heart is the same as the Charlottesville driver/murder.
BLM, KKK, White Supremacy Groups, and AntiFA are all the same kind of domestic terrorist thugs!
We stand united against the WHITE SUPREMACISTS and NAZIS in #Charlotesville and so can you @SenBobCorker
Preach! @WeAreAKIN
Sevierville here
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @Tennessean
"Neither...qualified" - U.S. Const., Amend. XX
#nullify2016
Thank you for standing up to Trump! If only more members of the @GOP were as brave as u & @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SenCoryGardner!
Hitler used the tactics of the #democratic party as a blue print for the Nazi party. Antifa rioted in Berkeley. Where is the outcry?
We stand united against white supremacy, bigotry & the acts of terrorism committed in Charlottesville. You can join us, Senator.
You can join in condemning Hillary and her mentor Byrd (KKK) and Antifa, BLM and all the other hate groups.
Step it up and talk about Bannon/Miller and the atmosphere of bigotry in this White/Alt House.
But you stand aganist our president . We will remember
Backstabbing Trump is not going to get you or any other Republican re-elected.
Do you condemn all violent acts?? or just the ones to get political gain..#Antifa is a terrorist hate group as is KKK
I have to hand it to you. You did good standing up against man-baby, don't digress now.  Kudos to you.
"POTUS has not been able to demonstrate stability, competence. Hasn't demonstrated understands character of nation" Sounds like GOP Senate!
You are the face of incompetence & instability for supporting antifa & BLM terrorists

You must as WITH OUR GREAT @POTUS DENOUNCE ALL SUPREMACIST blm kkk antifa RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS
The ONLY doubts WE the PEOPLE HAVE is that the establishment RINOS AND democRATS are for WE THE PEOPLE when you euligize  antifa blm

Are you standing against all of it or just half of it?
Please stop DJT! He is in WH for his own financial & ego gain! He does NOT care about Americans. Stand up for truth & do the right thing.
Stop grandstanding accepting leftist narrative & Virtue Signaling @POTUS said it wasn't moral equivalence just both sides bad & violent
Agitators in @GOP mustregurgitating #FakeNews against @POTUS.Voters support DJT & expect U 2 pass his Legislative Agenda. #GetBack2WorkNOW
Convince your GOP colleagues to publicly call out trump for his totally vile rant. 
We have no moral, ethical leader. Unfit mentally.
Thanks to Sen Bob Corker for publicly calling out @realDonaldTrump 's lack of stability & competence.Time 2 ACT NOW!
In the words of John McCain, "to hell with you."
You waited too long to denounce @Potus remarks. You will be replace next election. Sink with @realDonaldTrump
How many times, Senator? Your criticism misplaced. Have you not seen attacks on free speech at universities?.
Hatred was shown on both sides. @SenBobCorker needs to support our president.
Senator Corker, TY for speaking up about our incompetent cowardly "president" yesterday. Can we count on you to persuade Sen. MCConnell &
& Rep. RYAN to begin #Impeachment proceedings? It's time. Thank you for your courage.
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @Tennessean
re: #nullify2016
[PDF] "From Dictatorship to Democracy" http://www.aeinstein.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/FDTD.pdf …
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @Tennessean
COMING: America's March to DC
November 7, 2017
#integrity #nullify2016

Dems hate leader
When are you going to callout the hatred and violence from the left.  Why do you hate Americans. Why do you support leftist violence
Antifa & BLM intended violence. Came armed with chains, rocks etc. Police ordered to stand down. Groups deliberately not kept apart!
Racist leader was Obama voter & Occupy Wall Street protester! Covert infiltration & incitement - deliberate! - check it out!
Getting self righteous about racial bigotry is indicative of a guilt arising from one's own hidden bigotry.
Free speech is how you fight anti-Semitism, not abolishing the Bill of Rights.
Anti-Semitism is about as old as Satan and will only die with him. Going berserk to the point of dissing free speech won't end it.
Let's hold off of criticizing neo-Nazis and first stop the Planned Parenthood type holocaust. Otherwise, it doesn't matter.
We have murdered over 60 million babies since 1973. How many people did the Nazis kill? Hmmm?
Trump called out all sides
Which he should have. He is the commander & chief Not Nanny & Nursemaid. His job is to keep us safe from ALL EVIL
Man baby needs a nanny and nursemaid. What will it take for you to see how he is dragging us all in the gutter with him. Greedy tyrant.
Speaking against the President is only hurting the party. Trump supporters WiLL NOT ABANDON HIM! But ALL OF YOU WILL LOSE YOUR ELECTIONS!
Thank you Senator Corker, for calling Trump out by name, about his inability to perform the duties of the presidency. #ImpeachTrumpNow plse
We the people who voted for Trump, will not let you or anyone else bad mouth our President.
Only the left and the never Trumper's went along with the media's all attach.
You are starting to jump on Trump for only saying the truth.he said all we all know what he was talking about.
Do you know that Trump won every county in Tennessee but one, so you know what we want.
Front row seats for the impeachment???
Another sore looser, keep on dreaming.
That would be loser. No need to dream, the end is near for the man baby. You must have had the same teacher.
@_edwardmondini_ @katredawgi @trbrad62 which is the worst treaty in American history. Thanks to Corker the world is at risk.
@_edwardmondini_ @katredawgi @trbrad62 Senator Corker called POTUS incompetent, which is ironic as Corker gave Obama (IranDeal
It wasn't the feckless Obama Regime who persuaded China & Russia in the Security Council to vote for sanctions against N. Korea.
HOW about speaking your outrage when the LEFT's Antifa are busting the heads of Trump supporters & BLM are calling our police "pigs"?
AMEN
Talk is cheap.
Sen Corker, please invoke 25th Amend, you know he is dangerously incompetent. Use your Senate power to save all of us. You must act, sir.
what about the 36 people killed in Chicago over the weekend?  Not important because it isn't a PR moment for you Corky? @FoxNews
Gonna vote you out if you can't stand by our President.
Patrisse Cullors of Dignity & Power is perpetuating the lie that Nationalists & Supremacists are interchangeable. This is important.
Trump Insulted & tried to Delegitimize Pres Obama for 6+ yrs with his Racist Birtherism! All the GOP ignored that & supported Trump anyway.
When our Elected Officials Choose Sides against 2 Evils than #TimeToGo Both Sides are the Problem. #StopTheDemocratsViolence
Dang give him a chance like we all did with oboma
Yeah right.
Traitor Trump will not renounce the racists who started this: PLEASE START EFFORTS TO REMOVE HIM FROM OFFICE, HE IS A DANGER TO OUR NATION
The "character of the nation" you alledge President Trump does not understand, voted him onto office. Now to vote you out.
Every commonsense-rational-God fearing person nAmerica applauds @POTUS statements regarding #Charlottesville #FactsFirst #PeoplesPresident
You is not stand united with America against violence and hatred on nov 8 2016. @cnn  @FoxNews @MSNBC @ChrisCuomo @abc @cbs @npr @AP
Thank you Senator for putting nation above party. Please, Congress, work together--25th amend./impeach. He is willfully divisive/dangerous.
You're another weak R caving to liberals and cultural Marxists. When you run out Nazis and leave ANTIFA to fill the vacuum you get E. Berlin
I do not know or see any leadership from you and all your years in U S Senate. Shame on you for your stances.
violence on the right is the same as violence on the left. look at the organizer. he was occupy wall street before he was alt right. wake up
Did you ever speak out against BLK?  Trump was right. Both sides violent,
You're praying for your own agenda, undermine the president.
U need to stand with Trump also
You say we should be united, do you mean everyone should stab the President in the back like you? Question, you planning a book?
Thank you, Senator Corker, for putting our nation ahead of your party.
Exactly what President Trump said yet you come out and speak against him! Support our President!
Thank you, sir, for your courage in standing up to the un-American vitriol from the President. Decent people around the world applaud you.
Do you stand against the violence and hatred of Antifa and BLM too?
so y did you criticize @POTUS? You need to retract your comments or we will work hard to get you out of office. Your comment was disgusting!
Siding w/POTUS! Please explain this...
Thank you
Thank you for standing up for justice and against incompetence in the White House.
With the evil and corrupt media and lawless and hypocritical liberals. They are just simply bad people.
Stop falsely accusing him and misrepresenting him. He's never a racist, no history of it all his life. It's not gonna change now.stop siding
Stop attacking our president. We voted for him. He is the will of the we the people. He's a good man, loves our country and our people.
https://twitter.com/agentsoulful007/status/898328107412668416 …
Your recent words questioning our presidents ability to bring our country together were so important. You now have my respect. Tenn&Illinois
U've taken one small step. U admitted prez is not stable. Join in the censure & sign impeachment papers!!!
Why didn't you refer to the Charlottesville  massacre as terrorism? Because you know who is buttering your bread?  #eastTNresist
Thank you for your comments on @POTUS senator
We stand united against all hatred, bigotry and violence, White Supremists, Nazis, KKK, Antifa, BLM and every hateful group that divides us!
YOUR A JOKE @SenBobCorker
YOU WILL BE REMOVED
YOU WILL NO LONGER
DISRESPECT @POTUS 
YOU ARE A #RINO
@congressdotgov @@HouseGOP @SenateGOP think we voted for them not @POTUS can't wait to see the looks on their faces when the primaries Rdone
Hopefully you won't be reelected- another patriotic GOP or independent will step up-you're  a hypocrite!
You should be ashamed of your comments against our POTUS - he said what needed to be said and fact- not placating the left or Nazi gps
Bob, u KNOW trumps statement was accurate. Wy are u minimizing left wing violence at event? If two sides r violent  u call out both sides!
Thanks to Obama  ( and now you, get in line folks but not the white people) we now have a divided country
Since you came out and trashed President Trump you can now safely sign the check you received from GEORGE SOROS...as always $$money talks$$
How dare you imply the right is all KKK and Nazis and turn a blind eye to the antifa violence. You're a progressive POS RINO.  #MAGA
You must denounce the White Supremacist in the White House and call for his impeachment. Otherwise you are goose stepping to his Nazi views.
You are so right. All extremist groups there should not be tolerated. White extremist and black extremist groups.
Thank you.
So do more shutting up and more work. Not sitting on your hands on your committee throne.
You were elected to repeal and replace and obey the will of the people not grandstand like a democrat
Where do u denounce David duke in this statement? Now-nazi?
We won't resolve hate until we stop blameshifting the cause. Obama's chickens are coming hime to roost, and you're ignoring that truth.
So u tetweet Trumps statements & then cut him off at the knee! Traitor
Then pass some healthcare.
U mean U stand against our President so the MSM won't call you a Nazi or something.. Ever hear of the sticks& stones thing when U were a kid
You're denouncing ANTIFA and BLACK LIVES MATTER too, right?
We don't support all this hate from both sides of the aisle. Extremists have no place in America. But left MSM are labeling anything conser.
...Show how GOP can implement POTUS agenda. Americans see GOP can't be strong &work together. Don't disrespect the POTUS. He speaks truth.
You have done a 180 to the people that voted you into office.
Support the POTUS. You are a fair weather Republican! You are showing how the GOP can't get the  job done on HC, taxes, prove me wrong!...
Corker helping democrats
what a blowhart-- wjy people hate politicians -- lyn' 2 faced traitors
You're a coward that is so quick to say you're NOT a racist that it makes one wonder what you're hiding?
Victims of which attack? Both sides were attached? Or are you so quick to jump on the "race trend" that you forgot that?
Might want to unite against Trump cause he is the kkk leader.  Your party is the party of the alt right and white supremacy.  Own it!
U didnt call it by name.  R u incompetent or just being a hypocrite #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump
NORTH KOREA UNDERSTOOD https://www.mediaite.com/online/gop-senator-bob-corker-delivers-brutal-trump-critique-he-hasnt-shown-competence-or-stability/ …
How disgraceful you striking back at @realDonaldTrump saying he  doesn't understand this country! NK &WE The Silent Majority Understand him

You must condemn all hate groups....be sure to include #AntiFa and #BlackLivesMatter when you condemn the #KKK and #WhiteSupremecy!
What a liar  and hypocrite you are. I hope they vote you out - Moron.  I would love to compare your history with Trump
It was a setup! Are you part of it too? https://youtu.be/JSOoh_bbvwU  Why are Dems embracing antifa? Why are they psying them for violence?

Orrin Hatch defends Trump: He 'doesn't have a racist bone in his body' http://dailym.ai/2wTHNtJ  via @MailOnline
Thank you for speaking TRUTH!! Love your state and it's citizens!!!
Don't retweet TRUMP junk while we are over here trying to heal. Such a slap in the face. Get him away from us, PLEASE.

John Dickerson says Bob Corker's critique of Trump is "extraordinary" http://cbsn.ws/2wfQbXw  
I think we need technology to make a data of laws and get congress shot down, machines are taking everyone's jobs, start with congress.
I am sorry Sr. but the attack was not there, was in all Americans, anywhere in America we all feel it, so in not them, is us, WE the People
No you don't "stand against violence & hatred."  If you did you would identify ANTIFA & those BLM that were ALSO violent at Charlottesville.
Hey #RINO, your time will be up soon! The US has no time for your quarter-measure word vomit and inaction! You have no idea how to #MAGA!
Thank you for finally growing a pair. You knew he was a great peril when you voted for him. Have the moral courage to Impeach now.
Resign Bob Corker. The American ppl hate the laxy liars in Congress.

This is Bob... 
I now to you Senator. You are a rare breed. Run for President. We need decency back in the White House.
Sorry. Bow to you. Not now to you
