I hope you will consider delaying your support until the Russian situation is sorted out.
@800poems @SenBobCorker If he's Republican  November 6th 2018 we are all voting Blue!! The whole world  knows now their crooked 
yep!  we are stuck with our other crooked Senator thru 2020 though 
Judge Gorsuch seems like a nice guy. But he should wait his turn. Vote on Judge Garland 1st. #JusticeGarland
Judge Garland is not an option...Joe Biden took care of that when he was a Senator and set the rules.....
After republicans blocked 79 items...
Please stop importing refugees to Tennessee. All the stores in our town are owned by them. How and Why? They are from Yemen.
Where did the money come from that was used to buy businesses. They pay no sales tax. They pay employees cash. Foodstamp fraud
, your constituents do not approve of Gorsuch, and we do not apporve of your support for your party over the good of nation.
George are you talking about your 4 followers....another TROLL
, nah. He's talking about folks who follow our MoCs to stay on top of potential bad decisions.
.@SenBobCorker Don't use the term "fake news" in public anymore, it's not a good look for Tennessee. Also, FYI.....
Trump's fraudulent claims of "fake news" are known as disinformation & propaganda. This is what frauds and propagandists do. #resist #trump
Use #FakePresident and the idiots brains will stop saying fake news I've done it!' It worked Lmao 
what's weird is- Trump trolls swarmed in like flies to this particular tweet of Corker's.....
(they appeared from out of the woodworks to attack the peaceful constituents who regularly tweet here )
We are not Blind, Sen. Corker. Please let me know how the mid term elections work out for the Republican's......
the rest of the Dems will be gone....Obamacare will explode at that time! Everyone will be without Health Ins.
Lmao @ the Trump supporter that believes everything the Repuks say. Let's see what the next 2 weeks say about it
Do not nominate any of the toxic candidates associated with the illegitimate and Traitor Trump
I prefer to call him #TrumPutin because it's more honest.
Hey Bob, remember when you said that you had never used the phrase “Fake News” in your life, until you spoke about reporting on the tax bill that you personally profit from?
He is a bad judge. SCOTUS doesn't want to work with him. You're just a disgrace.
Why should a Russian stooge get to appoint any federal judges, let alone a SCOTUS one?
Thanks for supporting Gorsuch. What an impressive and thoughtful judge. Dem filibuster would be mistake
The Pres is under INVESTIGATION BY THE FBI. The clear Will of The People is to stop SCOTUS appt . We have lost trust in you.
If Gorsuch had one ounce of respect for the constitution,  he would have denied the nomination until Garland received a hearing and a vote.
stolen seat by an illegitimate president thats under investagation so
it beats Hillary under investigation for 1 yr classified docs, Foundation still being investigated "Pay for Play"
should have done the right thing last year and held hearings for Garland.
Fox News is the fake news,
Nothing against Gorusch but he needs to wait his turn after Merrick Garland
Schumer should be impeached, liar, trouble maker, stealing from tax payers with his procrastination & threats.
Procrastination? #McConnellCheats procrastinated until #TrumPutin conspired together to steal the election.
This seat is Garland's. Tens of millions of us won't view Gorsuch as legit. Simple as that.
Shameful you voted for him and allowed democracy to fall just for the republicans to get what they wanted.
do not vote for the defunding of @PPact! Women (& men)of this nation and TN need their services.
Lol, should the American people think any different? U blocked the Dems appointment just to get a business minded Gorsuch in..
Wrong. Dems passed a "lame duck" law. Pay attention! They did this to themselves. Your MSM keeps lying to you or not telling you the truth
the American people are this stupid. Cheers.....
notice the leftist lying vitriol response in this thread.

Nuke the Gorsuch nom with the #ReidRule

No collaboration w Dems
Wow @bobcorker, why did you say, "I've never ever used in my life the word ‘fake news’ until today.” In DECEMBER, 2017? Yet this post is March, 2017. You lie! (P.S. It's two words. Can't count? So THAT'S why you voted for the deficit-feeding tax scam.
Gorsuch cannot get 60 votes, so he should withdraw. Do not support nuclear option for a problem created by McConnell in the first place.
I  for one don't trust fake news! There is only one real news, FOXNEWS!
why did you use the term fake news?  What has Trump promised you?  You are a suck up.
, there's no sin in reconsidering. No more appts until #trumprussia collusion investigation  is done. Nominees are ALL suspect.
When shoes on other foot, Dems say "never mind" to Biden Rule. If R's go nuclear Dems will pretend Reid never did it. Watch.
I'm so glad that weasel Harry Reid is gone!
@UrUnpaidPundit When partisans reject a qualified candidate for no reason, they kill any credibility on any other issue.
I assume you are referring to Merrick Garland. Agree.
No! M. Garland was appointed by a president who spied on American citizens. #UnConstitutional
what's that? Hard to hear ya over Alex Jones. Time to change the channel, Skip. Just for a minute.
Corker's "fake news" tweet has drawn trump-trolls out of the woodworks 
your an embarrassment to this state.
heard your speech today regarding the Senate rules. So when Mitch McC said he was going to block Garland didn't hear objection
You sound more deranged than normal today. Forget to take your meds or is is the dementia progressing ?
Not worried about the $10M dark money spent on Gorsuch?  How much did you get?  RINO
@rlockrocks
Corker, Alexander, Haslam Gezz Tennessee can't we do any better? No I'm not a liberal or a country club Republican
best to change ur mind.  Voters unhappy with Gorsuch bc POTUS nominated FBI look-see. Unpopular!!!
What about the fake president?
@JIlgner @SenBobCorker President has great ideas for the country unfortunately his hands are tied by crooked lifetime politicians
Sir, unfortunately under obama you've proven to not be trustworthy to the people of TN. IE, your rubber-stamp of iran nukes
you should really reconsider your position on illegals cause Tenn.folks don't want them here
no to gorsuch
@_Proud_American Go Gorsuch!!!!! 
Thank you sir! 
@_Proud_American I dont listen to msm fake news. All liberal B.S.
what do you listen to and read?  please enlighten fellow Tennesseans on ur sources
@_Proud_American Thank you for supporting Gorsuch and President Trump. Please support no refugees and deport illegals. #MAGA
Please don't use the term "fake news." A year ago that referred to the National Enquirer. Let's go back to that.
So @CNN lied once again.
…Schumer's going to regret filibuster…simple majority vote on SCOTUS leaves Trump open to pick a "bomb thrower" next time…
@DjuricAleks787 thank you for the tweet! 
@Julie4Trump Bob i live n Tn ur district .Uve got more n common with Ryan and McConnell than u do the potus dont wont 2hear it
Thank you Senator!!!
@DukeofEarlDD : good to know. The real story of the Hammer is out so no one trusts anyone in DC.
Thank you for your support - Judge Gorsuch is a great man.
you're up for reelection in a little over a year and a half. Do you really want to bet on this joke of an administration?
@Moj_kobe tell them to put a corker in it
@ResidentOfFL       Good!  Look who PAUL RYAN WAS WITH !!!!
Stop saying fake news. You lose too much credibility by aligning yourself optically with the Liar in Chief.
@2Pats2 so your admitting the talks with Schumer are out in the open!! LOL just kidding you are solid as a rock!! MAGA!!
-Thank you Senator Corker! Gorsuch will be a great Supreme Judge!Trump is a great president! Everyone one knows about fake news
of course you support him. Donald told you to. Fall in line Bob. The only fake news is you.
Don't repeat 45's regressive narrative. It makes you look worse. Your days as a public servant are numbered! #votecorkerout
hadn't heard about secret talks... but I do trust that you'll throw the constitution away and not put in Garland... #seatthief
Garland deserves a vote. Also this presidency is becoming more worrisome every single day. Don't allow 40 yrs of this stain
@z1y2x3 Ridiculous notion.
seriously? Now u are saying "fake news"? You are as bad as the Orange Terror! Quit denigrating the news.
Please don't use childish Trumpisms. "Fake news" makes me think it might be real news. State your position & leave it at that.
Here we go with the "fake news" bs. So disappointed in our lawmakers.
too bad. Thought you had gained some integrity
Schumer is a grade a weasel.  Stay clear!
Don't vote to confirm a corporate judge.
Don't worry about it, Dems have votes to put nominee down while voters await your #2018election
"Fake news"? Really? Be better than that.
explain the $10,000,000.
to bad his nomination should be tabled until special prosecutor has investigated Trump.
Senator we know you made up your mind before the hearings. Wish TN was important as your politics
YOU are fake news Bubba. The GOP has been compromised & is the source of 98% of FAKE NEWS so it's rich 4u to say this. Commie
Screw Gorsuch. A liar & Unfit to Serve. You wouldn't even give Garland a hearing. You should be fired4 lacking Integrity Bubba
Thank u for clarification. Support Gorsuch. He understands and respects principles this country was founded on.
And you wouldn't want to wait to hear his testimony before making up your mind on this vital appointment. Sad party hack!
No one in TN could ever worry you might not tote the party line. SCOTUS unanimously overturned Gorsuch ruling during his hearing. Ironic.
Give a message to your fellow Republicans, ignore the Democrats and these OFA Trolls trying to flood Social Media with BS.
You better be ready to go Nuclear. I'm sick of the GOP RINO games. Obamacare should be gone by now but you screwed us.
thanks Senator.  I only heard about this on @foxnews so at least we agree on what is #fakenews
You stole this seat. Now ur president is under investigation, if you don't wait until we get the results ur a hypocrite.
You decided to support him before hearing his responses to the Judiciary Committee's questions?  Why?
He was nominated by an admin under FBI investigation. All noms must be postponed until after investigation.
you wouldn't be saying that if the Hildabeast won the election
#NoGorsuch. #gorsuch is PutIn's choice for supporting dark money and oligarchs and kleptocracy
were you @KnoxCatholic yesterday for career day? My daughter may be confused. PS - Thanks for setting the record straight!
This seems fake to me as well
Partisan politics. Why wouldn't you talk with another Senator despite sharing different views on a nominee?
using "fake news" in response to legitimate voting issue for your constituents in lieu of addressing concerns is answer enough
No one with any class should refer ever to news as "fake".  There are much better words to describe news that isn't correct.
if its fake its fake if its telling the truth but not the whole truth its still fake the only truth is truth
Whoa! GOP Putin kissers can't lecture anyone about fake news. #NunesMustResign #IndependentCommission #TrumpRussiaCollusion
how dare u steal the scotus seat from Obama who had a year left in his term to give it to @realDonaldTrump u should be ashamed
you should be if you want to keep your job... A president under fbi investigation should not be rewarded in this way!
why are you not calling for a halt to pick until the questions re Trump and Russia are answered?  Illegitimacy begets same.
Gorsuch seems great, but it's unfortunate; Trump's just not fit. Not at this time.
We believe you Senator Bob Corker.
Oh, no, you can't possibly consider the nomination from a president in the last year of his term!
wouldn't be surprised! #omnibus #irandeal
I cannot believe you stooped to using 'fake news', regardless of any reports you are referring to. You should know better sir.
If Gorsuch doesn't get 60 votes, will McConnell use the nuclear option?
Pls, no "fake news" claims. Use better words. Misleading. Incorrect. False. Unsubstantiated. You are  too dignified to use "fake News."
Clearly Cork  is not too dignified for fake news. To the contrary, he embraces it to serve his overlords.
No shit if corkers dignified im n line 4 sainthood and a saint i aint .dignified my ass
Of course you are for him. He is a corporation guy and you will make money from his decisions. It's always about the money.
thanks for posting
What?! Tennesseans unable to reason and recognize false claims. Something we agree on.
pls do what it takes to get him seated
Don't start this fake news bullshit. You're better than that.
No he's not.
POTUS investigation should be finished before confirming lifetime appt to court
looking to buy some internet history, which ISP should I ask for yours?
thanks for info!  There is fake news out there!  
Shouldn't the Supreme Court decision be put on hold until the POTUS investigation is through? #concernedconstituent
good to read this... If he gets passed over it will be a travesty of epic proportion! Election day can't get here soon enough
if only that were real news.
Please withdraw your support, thank you
too bad. Clearly, your view of women's rights is that they shouldn't have any. Can't wait for the next election.
Why you guys ready to lose another election already? Being at weakest since the 1920s isn't enough?
well youre not exactly known as a real conservative *cough* RYNO *cough* so you'll forgive us if we assume youre a liar
