Looking forward to your next town hall nearby. I have some things to discuss with you about betraying our children. #noDeVos
you didn't listen to your constituents on @BetsyDeVos . Your self interests > constituents. You're a shameful man.
You're a real spineless piece of work, 2018 is coming and I won't be voting for you. #NoonDeVos
I hope you mean that,  I plan on making an appointment during my next trip to DC
2018. #Winteriscoming
No on Sessions!!! His record does not reflect that of a person concerned with protecting equitable rights.
mothers all over Tennessee will guarantee that you be out of work after the 2018 election. #NoonDeVos
As a Tennessean, it's a shame you only listen to a select few. Other voices are out there, sir.
are you scare of Elizabeth Warren
since no one in your office will answer the phone...
you just sold out our kids' education to the highest bidder. Spineless and greedy. How you sleep well is beyond me.
What a disgrace.
You voted for money over the education and future of our children. I hope you are held accountable for this. Shameful.
#voteoutcorker
Are you going to take their health care away after "chatting" with them?
SELL OUT! You voted for the most unqualified education sec in HISTORY. I hope it costs you the 2018 election.
Coward on appointing devos!  We will remember!!!
you refuse to hear us, watch us refuse to vote for you. Time for you to go!
I hope you at least bought their meals with some of that Betsy Devos Pay2Play money. #noDevos
today, Sir, you lost my vote in 2018.
You picked an unqualified billionaire donor over your constituents. #DumpCorker in 2018 #DumpDevos
Oh, and just to add, I will support any candidate who opposes you in 2018...even if it were Lane Kiffin.
I see why people choose not to believe in our government now. What part of #NoonDeVos didn't you understand???????????????????
Looking forward to voting you out! Buh-bye! We need representatives with backbones.
How dare you say that you represent the people of Tennessee, when the people of TN overwhelmingly said "NO!" to DeVos?
You sold out our children. Your constituents will remember. Don't get too cozy up there in D.C. -- 2018 will be here soon.
When will you do a town hall so you can hear from us?
How about meeting with those of us who live here? Looking forward to a town hall!
ur constituents didn't want @BetsyDeVos in cabinet: Did you listen to them? Stop with niceties! Did u vote "No"?
is up for re-election in 2018. Vote him out! We won't be ignored!
Too bad you failed Tennessee children today.
Shame on you for not caring about something as basic as education.  2018 can't get here fast enough.
go away!
way to show you don't value the students you represent..a disgusting disappointment
that's awesome so what about the ones who have been jamming your phone lines for a no vote on #Devos? Just ignored them huh?
Thanks for continually letting TN down. Sadly, you're getting great at it.
Not long until 2018 midterm election. Your backing of Devos won't be forgotten. #VoteNoDevos #Spineless
Shame on you. You sold the future of our children's education for a campaign donation.
enjoy it now because we are getting rid of you in 2018
Girl what didn't you get when thousands of Tennesseans chatted with you to vote no on DeVos for us?
also great to support unqualified Sec.of Ed? You were elected to serve the people of TN. Listen more, sir, eat less. #awful
Liar! You don't listen to your constituents. Can't wait til you're voted out.
Why do you refuse to tell us the numbers of TN voters who asked you to vote #NoOnDeVos? #ReleaseTheTally
and that was the end of your career#bye #RESISTANCE
When is OUR town hall? Your TN constituents have A LOT to say to you.
You have let down Tennesseeans and we will not forget.
pls release data on # of calls, emails from your constituents on DeVos, we're owed accountability: http://goo.gl/QwdDJG 
Stand up for Tennessee's children Senator,  
PLEASE #VoteNoDevos our children and future Deserve better & remember you will & can be voted out for muting the voices of TN
Maybe I'll join you one of these days. How early? 
Please vote against Ms. DeVos.
its time for movement to remove gop from congress as they can not tell difference between people and corporations
Students matter, vote NO, oppose DeVos, parents, teachers, have spoken.  Do the right thing!
You have refused to listen to thousands of Tennesseans. #VoteNoDevos
vote no
Shame you won't listen to the constituents who aren't at your breakfast. #noDevos
Will never see you the same way if you vote for DeVos. Unqualified zealot - grow a pair.  VOTE NO.
those of us who can't afford or don't have time to travel to DC would appreciate you coming down here to talk
Yes we would
