our sense is that Rex wants to undo sanctions and let Exxon drill the shit out of Russia.
Rex is no longer affiliated with Exxon.
yeah right. And Cheney was no longer affiliated with Halliburton, who benefitted HUGELY From the Iraq war. C'mon!
well..unlikely..but whats wrong with drilling the shit out of Russia...could be your backyard instead.
there are US sanctions - in place for years- to prevent them from invading Eastern Europe, basically.
Any evidence those sanctions are going away?
We'll see
u practically answered his questions 4 him. Tillerson isn't prepared 2 b SoS & is 2 close 2 Russia. We'll remember ur failure.
Would he have been too close to Russia 2 months ago? Only after DNC hacking?
McConnell himself said Russia is not our friend. Tillerson received Russian Friendship Award. His ties precede hack.
"Friendship awards" are given to almost anyone who has been to Russia....athletes performers etc.
did these athletes and performers also lobby against sanctions?
They might have....but that doesnt make them Russian spies.....#desperatelyGrasping.
where did I call him a Russian spy?
@GOP Trump's nominees require EXTREME VETTING. I am starting to think that the  GOP hates Americans that aren't Grossly  Rich.
Are you more impressed by his unwillingness to say Putin kills journos, or by his lack of knowledge of climate change? Shame.
Its probably not smart to call people war criminals...when you have solders on the ground in Syria.
Too bad you refuse to follow the norms and will send Tillers on to floor vote no matter what. You're repugnant.
reject #RexTillerson - #ExxonKnew & so did Rex! Oh & he's in bed w #putin #russia
Pls VOTE NO Tillerson for SOS. He is deep in Russian & oil conctns.
PUT COUNTRY AND PEOPLE FIRST. Not dirty politics
#Resist
needs to go.
You're easily impressed, Bob. You should see my dick. You'd probably think it was huge.
Are you Donald Trump? ;)
No but I often see him at meetings of the Small Dick Havers Club.
Maybe you have some Exxon stock & can't wait to drop sanctions on Russia so they can drill. I know Rex can't wait.
.@SenBobCorker

Does that have anything to do with taking $753,500 from oil lobby since 2008?

https://twitter.com/senbobcorker/status/819339352924884992 …
and as a Tennessean, I get to vote against you.
and you will bring the vote to the floor no matter what.  GOP u make me sick!  Why follow rules when U can do whatever U want
WE ARE SO SCREWED!!!!!
@elisa_pettit Thank you, Sir. Tillerson is uniquely qualified for this important job.
And I look forward to voting against you in 2018.
I hear u will send this to full senate even if fails committee. SHAME you know he is in Exxons pocket. That is not free & fair
Unacceptable that you would move Tillerson's nomination to full vote if fails in committee. Good God Exxon &Putin running U.S.
Can C you're doing everything in your power to make this so. Even pos ramming him past committee. Why? #goldenshowers got U2?
You have been committed to breaking rules & circumventing the process for unqualified candidate.  Shameful, corrupt. #midterms
you are a TRAITOR for staying yoj will move him forward even if he fails in committee.
Party before country. Treason!
u r a crook if you ignore Comm decision on Tillerson. No floor vote w/out Comm approval since 1945 How much is Exxon paying u?
no to the Russian Asset
How much stock do you own in Exxon Mr. Corker?
Despite the fact that Exxon concealed knowledge of climate change & undermined sanctions?  Tillerson represents few Americans.
PLEASE #notRexTillerson http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/exxon-needs-us-policy-change-to-cash-in-on-big-bet-on-russia-853063747565 …
amazing Canada has a foreign minister who is banned by Putin and ur going 2 approve a Friend of Vladimir as SEC of State
say NO to Tillerson, Sessions and Price!
No sanctions lifted on Russia !!
of course he did he and and the rest were coached in what to say
lol
Lost my vote and respect. He is not qualified and has an agenda. Money. Shame on you.
Sold out that fast?Wow, does Putin have some dirt on you,too?Swamp Things crawling out of the bottom of the swamp.
@SenAlexander he has bad ties to Russia. I don't trust this nomination. You Senators have got to do a better job.
@WeThePeople1237 Thank you Sen Corker
@clanceman65   hilary was never vetted this way! Really sad democrats are making a mockery of Congress!
Socialism at the best!
.@SenBobCorker @jaketapper so you are saying it’s ok to be completely ignorant of important issues?
.@PolitixGal reconsider, @AmbJohnBolton is a far better choice.
Tool.
@SenBobCorker @Koxinga8
Thank you Mr. Corker!!
#DumpTheDeal #IranDeal #BadForAmerica WE DON'T WANT #IRANDEAL #BanIran
you are a sell out Bob...280,000 TN residents do not have insurance and now with the repeal, even more. SHAME ON YOU!!!
You should have voted FOR cheaper pharmaceuticals; It would have proved you stood behind your word to help w/medical costs
as a constituent I disagree. dealings overlook moral responsibility. As long as his deals go thru he dismisses less fortunate
oh you are a smart one
but you did a good job with Rex
however you were completely wrong in your stand against Trump and you did not represent TENN
like i said i don't like that you dis respected Trump for the state of Tennessee I think you should have attended rallies
I disagree with you re: Tillerson #registeredvoterintennessee
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/exxon-needs-us-policy-change-to-cash-in-on-big-bet-on-russia-853063747565 … @gimmi4 watch it and then think putting your country in plate to putin  through Exxon B American 1st
I noticed in the hearings that when Rex calls to lobby you .. you take the call .. funny, you won't take mine.  #TheResistance
Thank you! I was very impressed by him. Rubio is a punk
@jaketapper   It's all about the oil
No Tillerson will not rise to the occasion as #SecretaryOfState will be terrible at that position bcs of Russain ties
You are a puppet!
Liar. He is a Russian crony and you @SenBobCorker are corrupt for trying to confirm him. #BlockTillerman
@LindaSuhler Rex Tillerson James Maddis seem To Have Very High Standards Signs Look Highly Favorable To Make Cabinet Grade%
@LindaSuhler He is an Impressive - Respectable Candidate.
You are proving to TN that you are a Trump suck up and care nothing for our security!! TN is watching.. Get ready
I can't believe you are supporting this guy. Clearly you don't care about America or Tennessee.. Conservative Hypocrites!
I'm a constituent (Knoxville) disappointed by this and by your vote to begin to dismantle the ACA without any replacement.
@ChiefFabulous Now we r talking !! #nononsenserex
@jaketapper #wrong
he lied to your face. So disappointed. You're putting interest over values.
Thank you. Please urge your peers to do so as well.  @CarrieKHutchens
I did not hear a man ready to be Sec of State. Very evasive
@transition2017 the sun determines weather, not man. Read gen. 8:22
@transition2017  #MAGA
He lied to you under oath.
But Putin keeps info on everyone. Naive to think he hasn't something on Tillerson.
which of his non-answers did you like best? The “i dont have that info.” or “that info is in the realm of classified” ?
@jaketapper Exxon Mobil in charge of State dept is such a great idea???? I bet u will approve repealing Russia sanctions too?
@transition2017 I hope this administration finds a place for you sir,you a a class act Senator Corker.
@roswell2001 l like Trumps ideas for our country. But something tells me gas prices will sore
Shame on you @SenBobCorker @jaketapper his lack of knowledge is troubling. Like not having discussed russia w/trump. Better to play dumb.
@transition2017 @marcorubio Then there is Sen Rubio who continues to show his abysmal showing in the debates was no fluke.
Bob, Chattanooga here. Your home town. We have seen you muff it plenty. Carry the ball this time, neighbor.
It’s embarrassing to see shills like @SenBobCorker fall over themselves to ingratiate themselves with a despot.
I look forward to supporting Rex Tillerson's nomination to be Secretary of State. My full statement: 
You people are out of your minds. He lied about lobbying on behalf of Iran.
Russia is our enemy.  PEOTUS has been compromised by Russia. Tillerson is his man and Russia's best friend. You support this?
We are on the same plane of thought then. Thank you, Senator. GOP who voted HRC 94-2 better vote Tillerson.
@jaketapper Too bad he couldn't have elaborated on the Russia issue. He and DT not discussing it ?I doubt it. Looks like lying
@transition2017 That's wonderful and all but, if you "Politicians" don't prosecute the Clintons, Soros and Obama, it's over.
#POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #LockHerUp #CommanderInChief #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
@transition2017 thank you!
shame on you
@jaketapper Great! When this all comes crashing down it will be helpful to know who enabled the Trump administration.
This is horrifying. Senators voting for Tillerson are voting against America. You are selling out America.
@jaketapper I'm confused, Senator... Didn't he perjure himself, and weren't you the person who called it out?
In this nomination I would love to see a republican actually vote their conscience, not for party or against dems.
I'm a TN voter and this is very disappointing. I see I made the right choice by not voting for you. Country above party.
So how much is Trump paying for your vote to sell the US to Putin?
Really? I watched and he seemed so unprepared and unqualified.
@jaketapper Really? Aren't you a bit nervous about his Russian ties?  Lied about Exxon lobbying. Pretty evasive at times.
Unacceptable.
Shocking u support the guy who lied under oath about not lobbying against sanctions & funny u called him out on his lies.but u support him?
@jaketapper $$$$$$$$&$&&&&$$$$&$$$$$$
@jaketapper Deplorable.
Or when he denied knowing the SEC approached Exxon re doing business with Iran when it was under US sanctions? (3)
He lacks prerequisite knowledge to be SOS, has lied/evaded in testimony, is BEHOLDEN to Russia. Not fit for SOS. VOTE NO
@jaketapper Tillerson has no diplomatic bone in his body! The man is out of his depth and your pandering is bordering on #puke
When he showed more reluctance to use sanctions against if it hurt US businesses & less reluctance to use American Lives? (2)
@jaketapper Rex's relationship with Putin only makes the dictator's hold on his people stronger.
you are a traitor to American ppl. It is clear as day that he is the wrong choice #russia
@jaketapper he has to much baggage
So you are ok with the fact that he lied to you while under oath about his lobbying against Russian sanctions?
Gee!  So fast with these hearings.  Almost as fast as you fascists worked with Obama's nominees.
@jaketapper Tillerson is unfit.
@jaketapper Why?  He is clearly unqualified.
And the Earth goes .......
Should Sen Graham, Rubio or McCain vote no on Tillerson, I won't vote Republican again. It's one thing to win, another to lead
@jaketapper Tillerson was poorly prepared.Lied abt lobbying and won't commit to sanctions&looked wrung out after the day.
@jaketapper Senator Bob Corker will also be decorated with an order by Putin
@jaketapper he lied to u about call regarding  sanctions& has extensive ties to hostile foreign  state yet u vote for him. SMH
What convinced you? When he lied about not lobbying against sanctions? (1)
@jaketapper Swamp time. Unfit & inexperienced.
@jaketapper no honor among thieves
@jaketapper Cool Bob is Putin going to give you a medal too?
I like your style
you're a traitor to your country. shame on you for enabling the trump administration. the country won't forget.
@jaketapper Booo!
The country has tried an Oil government many times before and it has often ended in Recession. Agree?
We wont forget your choice either. #notmychoice
Rex Tillerson, if confirmed, will be a representative of who we are. Does he really represent the American body? Questionable.
I do not agree with your choice sir.  You had to remind Rex tillerson that he called you about a lobbying effort in 2014.
I agree with you @SenBobCorker. I liked the straight forward answers these people put forth. Not political answers. What our country needs.
of course, what we need are more ties to Putin. Maybe you can get a friendship bracelet too
You pointed out his lie on lobbying against sanctions on Russia. You heard him dismiss climate change effects.Why support him?
Ashamed of you, ashamed of Tennessee, ashamed of our country. I vow to vehemently work against your reelection. #midterms
anyone is better than John Kerry.
nice! Pull GOP together like Dems pls! Our country has enough divisiveness
Rubio says he may vote against Tillerson after confirmation clash http://dailym.ai/2j6uaTv 
NO experience with foreign affairs, billionare, oilman.
Fully qualified?? Joke!!
https://twitter.com/_0hour1__/status/819397628542746624 …
you're deplorable
Know more. Know better.
disappointed in you sir!!! Remember you will come up for re-election! You should be more afraid of your constitutes #resist
of course you're going approve him for the job your all afraid of Trump!! Your his lackees!! I'm a TN resident and I'm very
Exxon has 63.7 million acres in Russia can't drill on cuz of US sanctions...Who's tillerson loyal to lifetime of Exxon or US?
It's troubling that you support a nom. who flat out lied re: lobbying against Russian Sanctions. Proof all over press
we shouldn't have to 'hope' someone steps up. He is the definition of conflict of interest. I believe he is dangerous.
thank you senator!
you will support an unfit and ignorant guy for the SoS position. Of course you will, because you are a #GoodGerman.
Ignorant? Kerry was ignorant!!  Tillerson was the CEO of Exxon!!!
And he is ignorant of US foreign policy. Had to be led by the hand by @SenBobCorker to get right answer. Knows nothing xcpt XOM
Please watch Rachel Maddow re RT and oil rights in Russia. How sanctions have hurt oil drilling in Russia. Very suspicious
@realAngeloGomez I agree with your assessment we are privileged he stepped up for us. He clearly did not need to
well his company stands to make trillion when he and Trump lift sanctions, U might rethink your decision!
'no recollection' SEC inquired re: ExxonMobil failing to disclose dealings w/ Iran via Joint venture to circumvent sanctions?
He liex today abbout climate change.  Typical of trump and crpnies including you.
This man lied directly to you, and you know it. He shouldn't get a confirmation, but instead a trial.
...and I look forward to voting for your opponent in the next election....
give me a break I watch and I will say no way
THANK YOU
shameful
what about his denying Exxon lobbying US sanctions? Then maybe lobbied for or against. DJT will lift sanctions. U know he will
Corker,
You can't cover your butt by saying "what I know today..." you can't unknow Rex ties to USSR.
NO NO. Too many ties to Russia. Not enough answers to questions. You had to remind him he called you re Russian sanctions
Good move supporting Tillerson. Now get rid of the pig police painting. It has no place in the Capitol.
Tillerson is stronger than new rope !
I am your constituency in Nashville TN. You represent my voice. Please hear me: say no to Tillerson. The man lies like Trump.
you sir obviously went into this ready to hand him the keys. None of the major answer he answer made me comfortable.  Dig
Tillerson is a terrible choice. You're going to have to do this at my strong objection.
Felt Tillerson was straight forward and reasonable to direct, tough questions. Way smarter than DJT
's note to SM Team...this statement was prepared last month & is to be released no matter what that monster says
You need to get Senator Rubio in line.  He showed a great lack of maturity in his "war criminal" questioning.  Rex Tillerson top notch.
you have no credibility after giving away the Senate Treaty Power & enabling #Iran to nuke the world soon.
I was disappointed in @SenRubioPress, I wouldn't give a "yes" or "no" without seeing classified info!  Rubio was wrong
fantastic
Tillerson has the potential to be the most controversial Sec. of State, and he is very shady on Russia. Stay consistent, BC.
Clinton will always hold that title
i would respectfully ask you do not support Jeff Sessions.
I would respectfully ask that you do although I would prefer Trey Gowdy.
He seems well qualified Senator but make sure he is right for The People not just the party.
Why would he not admit that Putin is a known murderer of journalists? He wouldn't admit to the possibility. Admire Rubio.
Yep! Gotta follow a VOLS fan.
Former Speaker of House Tom Delay & Presidential Candidate Michelle Bachman believe we are in end times. Who else does? Bob??
Does Tillerson believe we are in end times?? Noticed he said couldn't recall when asked why Exxon profited in Iran deal.
Thanks Senator. Glad to see it.
@suzannemc1967
thank u sir Rubio looking to start WWIii
TY Senator Corker!
