Sen. Bob Corker applauds Trump administration for closing Russian diplomatic posts http://tnne.ws/2vvEn3h 
McCain: "We are not [Trump's] subordinates. We don’t answer to him. We answer to the American people." Will you take my call Senator?


Great step, now how will FEMA afford to cover the next storm destruction with these types of "Budget Cuts"? Feel free to answer if you can.
And remember No state is exempt from the storms...
I can't wait to see you out of office  
 You haven't done anything for your people or country


When are you going to condemn antifa?  Antifa throws soda cans filled with cement, etc at trump supporters.
SO many sheep here, who herds you all?
Many of "our" kids would rather live off mom and dad and kids are too day to pursue education are a job.
Thought he said Trump was stupid?


Why can’t Trump publicly criticize Putin? What’s up with that?  It’s really odd, don’t you think?


I vote based on your votes not your statements. #RINO #Repeal #taxreform #maga


#DrainTheSwamp
It's no wonder your were PASSED OVER as a VP pic. SPINELESS WONDER. That doesn't reflect TENNESSEE VALUES. Next.


PINK SLIPS COMING
Please stop embarrassing the Republican Party. When you side with Democrats, it's a disgrace.


Senator Corker - still fighting the Cold War
See Bobby... it no longer matters. Both the left and right sides of your timeline are pretty much telling you that you suck.
Why won't you work for us your constituency
Still trying to kiss ass since being admonished by Trump, huh. Must you be so obvious??
You should open a Waffle House, Bob.


Please, you know that this was the generals doing...
Approve the President's actions on trivia.  But refuse to support him on Obamacare and the violence on the left. Support his tax package!


Impeach him.
Bob?



Save us your endless "statements" & stupid banners, Corker! Get to work and get something done beyond excuses, or plan an early retirement!


Time for you To say it !
Meaningless act for show only


Come on Mr. Corker. I know you're a better man than that. He's terrible and you know it. PLZ don't stand up 4 him plz


I'm too tired of this political shit after last night. I hate them all  it's too tiring
Better check your support Bob, you aren't looking too good right now.  #getbacktowork
The train does not stop and start.
Tour on or your off! Where is end to common core? Protect 2cnd? You have done nothing we voted 4 gots2go


Get some balls.  It's time for you to stand up and protect your constituants from the threat in the White House.


i wonder how many republican politicians along with old man trump will be going to prison. it would be smart for @GOP  to tell the truth.
Great. Get behind the President and stay behind him.  Why are career FBI and JD burocraps  hiding clinton files and emails from JD Watch?


Flip - flop ! You never change Bob ! You are so busy kissing up you forget where you are with the kiss up stories.


Another timely distraction by Trump. Many Tennesseans are covered under the ACA and now he's cutting the budget. What do you say to that?
I am not sure $950 MTH premiums with a $3000 deductible is coverage. I don't go because the first $3000 of the deductible is on me. LOUSY


"The End Slavery Initiative" -- Of late, many politicians are slaves to sin which has cast a spirit of bondage over America.  Jesus Reigns!
Oh please. They should do the right thing. We don't need to gush over them
Appropriate yes. That doesn't excuse Trump of divisive racial propaganda and financial misdeeds. Are you with democracy or with Trump?
Instead of listening to the President's words you relied on CNN or msnbc's version. His words were Not divisive. That is all "resist" crap
And your standing by him is totally inappropriate.
please move quickly and protect the DREAMers
Why are you kissing his ass?  You are so much better than that.


They also feared Roosevelt; Congress fought his agenda relentlessly; he ran his first term w/o VP. Ur job in all this is to PASS our AGENDA!


They also feared Roosevelt; Congress fought his agenda relentlessly; he ran his first term w/o VP. Ur job in all this is to PASS our AGENDA
@SenBobCorker 
Close 3 bldg's but  NO DIPLOMATS EXPELLED  "appropriate"?
Its all baloney,its fallout from trump beating hillary


I can't wait to vote against you.


Certainly they are appropriate, but that is not said very enthusiastic, you did not praise Mr. Trump


How about the steps he plans to take tmrw to revoke DACA? Shameful! Please tell Trump you stand with the 8300 Tennesseans with DACA.
Why stand with 8,300 & DACA when he can stand with the 1,522,925 Tennesseans who voted for Trump and his promise to repeal DACA?
For Kindness. Decency. Humanity.
TRUMP pledged $1 million to Harvey relief ... how about U ? or are U waiting for Pelosi to give ?


Too late to start supporting him now.. you will never get my vote again.. for anything..


Corker is a cuck.
Cucker
It's really pathetic
Hoping he's primaried
Glad to see you supporting him on this.


Switching Gears there Bob? E tu Brute'? Unlike Liberals we don't have short term Memory. No TRUST No RESPECT.


Really. You bashed him last week. Now you praise him. That's what I call a snake in the grass


He only did this after Russia turned on him, re stmt about email.


Glad you finally agree with something he's done.


Give us a break. Time for you both to resign.


Why not shut down the Russian annexes in the @WhiteHouse and Trump Tower too?


Still waiting for you, Bob, to condemn the Antifa violence.  You were all over Charlottesville, why silent now?  RINO traitor.


absolutely,i&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed,diplomatic response but important resolve common issue through talks,De-Escalate tension
Trump did not do this. He THANKED Russia for kicking our diplomats out.
Trump has consistently opposed punishing Russia for its actions. He gets no credit for this.


Not good enough


Looks like you've been whipped into line


