This shell game you're playing isn't going to work. No bright/shiny object is going to distract us from the destruction of America by tRump.
And you, @SenBobCorker, are complicit.  We'll vote you out; we're turning TN blue!
If only you did half as good of a job representing the people of TN as you do praising the decisions / actions of the #45 administration.
Don't forget, when the  hits the fan (e.g., an impeachment and / or an inevitable indictment) we'll have proof here about where you stood!
Good to see your back on Corkers balls!!! I was beginning to worry about you!
Worry about Admin. destroying our Country or just giving it to Russia.  Do your job, protect us!
Damn how can a Russian loyalist go against the mother country foreign relations we have no allies so let's piss the world off. Try working
For Americans and try to regain trust in the US and stop the humiliation of the country. Republicans took an oath of office at what point
It is clear that you are fully delusional, Bob
Your current priority should be health care. So gutting ACA now? And rural  hospitals and seniors who need nursing home care not a priority?
I understand the president will be speaking on health care today. You must stay strong and fight for all of us.
Yo Corker, did you sell out or buy in?
Get your nose out of @realDonaldTrump's ass and go to work. 37128 is watching. #gettoit
we do not CARE what your full statement is-- who do you think you are Mr fancy pants?
When will you realize that you should give up on Trump ?
Donald Trump is a sick joke. Watch your back.
What about the Threat from Russia. Wake up!!!!
Looks like Trump signed off on the Obama deal that he had campaigned against. Trump can’t keep any promises.
Trump & Tillerson should have power to make negotiations on sanctions! Congress do your job & quit stepping over! Ridiculous Corker...
What is clear is that you are a sycophant and hypocrite. You will regret your affiliation with this man. Your kids and grandkids more so.
Fascinating to see not a SINGLE tweet that is supportive of u. Maybe u should rethink ur strategy and support ur constituents and not @POTUS
I wanted to intern for Bob a year ago, now I save money to donate to his opponent.
Please Read. http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/18/how-the-gop-became-the-party-of-putin-215387 …
Don't tell us; tell Paul Ryan.
What is clear is that Trump is committed only to Trump, and unfortunately Senator Corker is simply a Trump apologist
Please stop trying to normalize this @POTUS and discounting his, and his family's, role in the destruction of our country.

Trump isn’t fully committed to anything other than attacking the media.
And enhancing his brand. And making money.
Greatest Hardest Working President EVER!!!! Our problem is with the Senators and Congress - Worst EVER!
And healthcare, environment, State Department ???
What about sanctions against Russia?  What about the threat from Russia?  #TrumpRussia
He's committed?  He's not committed to anything but to make money for himself.  Focus on our healthcare PLEASE. DO NOT REPEAL!!!
Bob - what is holding up the legislation with sanctions on Russia?  #maddow
Looks like Donald just delegated/punted to the men in the field:  http://www.conservativehq.com/article/26060-trump%E2%80%99s-quiet-live-fire-confrontation-iran …

What "strategic and effective way" is Donald confronting this:  http://irannewsupdate.com/news/middle-east/3997-iran-s-dominant-role-in-iraq.html …  We want to know.  #maddow
Bubbq you don't speak for @potus especially as you're about to be thrown out of office for your illegal insider trades #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Something good!  Now vote against repealing ACA.
Bob - are we really killing 12 civilians a day?  http://www.thedailybeast.com/president-trumps-air-war-kills-12-civilians-per-day …
A big man love me anti daeish& goverment u.s
This bill lacks real teeth and is mainly a poltical stunt.

Healthcare - U promised and didn't deliver= lied. Lost trust to get anything done.
Please do right by Tennesseans..do not repeal..enough already
stop your hallucinations about Iran.The mains threats are U.S,Israel and Saudi Arabia.shame on you.
You and Mr Trump have been stroke ...
Impeach him or go down with him. Your reelection is not guaranteed. You guys are trying to start a war and make problems where none exists.
@POTUS is the ONLY #Patriot left in @GOP the rest of you are petty jealous #Morons that need to be voted out!
No he's not you aren't fooling anyone dude
WHY RENEG ON DEAL THAT @POTUS44 MADE WITH IRAN?  BECAUSE THE GOP COULDNT DO ANYTHING A BLACK MAN COULD DO.  LOSERS OF GOP
ACTUALLY CORKER IS A FKG LIAR,  @POTUS44 WAS ON HIS WAY TO MAKE A DEAL IN IRAN, WHEN GOP GOVT WENT BEHIND HIS BACK & THE PPS TO CUT OWN DEAL
As McCain lays in a hospital bed, maybe its time for Trump to apologize for calling McCain a fake war hero.
Your vm is full and you continue to send me generic response emails. What is your suggestion on how your constituents can speak to you?
Honestly, Bob,

Iran is just one Trump Towers, Tehran away from making this post obsolete.
I will be waiting for your response
My name-Emmanuel Onojovwo.I've sent this to you seeing you want the Qatar crisis settled.This is the 3rd day l'm sending this message to you
@realdonaldtrump is not committed, but he sure as hell should be
Oh please. You know T doesn't understand the first thing about the details of the Iran deal, and did not want to certify compliance.
Becoming clear that you, @SenAlexander & @RepDianeBlack all need to be replaced for putting @GOP ahead of country in normalizing @POTUS
No matter your actions, you are fast losing credibility and sabotaging your political career by not separating yourself.
You represent your constituents, not POTUS. I feel betrayed, @SenBobCorker
Oh Bob!  You really have checked out haven't you?   #BYEBOB  #AnyoneButBobIn18
POTUS has neither vision nor a cogent policy on anything. Why do you try and elevate someone who appears to have betrayed the U.S.? Wake up!
No, it's clear trump is not fit to confront any serous issue.  It's time he is relieved of duty.
#RepealOrBeReplaced is all the message we have for all Senators. #Primary
You sir, are either naive or stupid to think Trump has any strategy that benefits anyone but himself.
This alliance w Trump will not serve u well these tweets from u  r ridiculous and only serve to make u look like a weak partisan politician
Can the same be said of Russia?
What is going on with the Russian investigation?  Where is the statement regarding the Senate health bill?  DON'T REPEAL ACA!
How about the internal threat from White Supremacist. How about the threat to the Health of Americans. Please Sen. Corker wake up.
#IranDeal has been successful.  Is admin provoking Iran to back out first?
Hahahahhahaa! Yeah, sure, okay.
Senator Corker, do you truly believe this? Do you really think he's strategic or effective thinker?  I do not.
You better get the House off its ass. Ryan is stalling to allow Benedict Donald to fulfill his promise to Putin to return the properties.
Why do you continue to support this traitor
And what are we doing about the threat to national security from Russia?
Utter nonsense.  He doesn't know Iran from Gary Busy.
