U hypocrite proclaiming that Trump "hasn't demonstrated stability or competence to be successful"Get Healthcare bill done u only had 7 yrs.
So did trump, how long has he been running for President???
You make no sense? Tweet when you are sober!
don't drink Trump has been running for prez since the early 2000 he never put together any sort of healthcare plan himself. He said so eazy
Trump was not President in 2000-2016 - why would he make healthcare plan? When he ran in 2015 he formulated a healthcare plan - "Sin Sesos"
You are on the way out rino Bob
No he's not. He's speaking the truth. Some people can't follow crazy.
Time to retire Bob
I'm ashamed to be a Tennessean today
Stop spreading lies that citizens who ask you questions are paid dissidents; you answer to the people.
Corker is a traitor low down lying snake
Today , because of Corker , I'm ashamed to be a Tennessean
When our President already has to battle Fake News & liberal democrats- it's disgusting to see Bob Corker casting stones
That was then, this is now.  Trump is a disaster.
This is now-
President Trump has kept his promises more than any President in history and will win TN again in a landslide-
He will ALL republicans do. But why?? No wall, mex ain't paying it you will, less jobs than Obama. Good, to be positive though
You lied about our president
@SenBookerOffice you need to grow some balls and call out BLM ANTIFA LIKE @POTUS did. We will vote you out, I thought you were a man
http://www.dailyviraltopics.com/2017/08/20/woman-just-asked-republican-senator-avoids-town-halls-response-disgusting/ …  was this today?
IS #DeepState has threatening your life OR black mailing you? #Texas & @GovAbbott supports @POTUS #Trump
YOU WILL NOT IMPEACH HIM #EVER
Corker your disgusting
Here's the video, in case you haven't seen it. Watch how much Sen. Corker clutches her. Not normal.
@VP @realDonaldTrump @pnehlen President was right=amount republican are in the swamp @SenBobCorker @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain @JohnKasich
Hey, I watched a video where you accused a woman of being a Soros operative while continually grabbing her. You came across as insane, FYI.
Bob is a perfect example of why we need term limits.
bnm
Swedish Police Chief: The Antifas, Not the Nazis, Start the Violence http://gatesofvienna.net/2017/08/swedish-police-chief-the-antifas-not-the-nazis-start-the-violence/ … 
No. Tomorrow just go with no.  America has spoken.
I'm ashamed of you as a American & Texan @POTUS CONDEMNED KKK
Strongest terms! Dem senator Mo
Called for trump assassination THEY R VIOLENT
Thanks for speaking out but Trump needs to be removed from office.  Can you help us with that?  Trump isn't going to get better.
stop pandering to the Entitled population
Thank you, Sen. Corker, for telling the truth about Trump.  He's not up for the job.  He's ruining our country.
Thank you for speaking the truth
Thank you Senator! for being willing to speak the truth about Donald Trump, may other members of the Republican Congress follow your lead

Thanks for speaking out on our insane president. More please!
ChambEr does not reflect America's needs--just banking establishments stooge
Bob you forgot to get a picture of a person in a wheelchair.  All stage props. Using people of color.  Obvious and offensive
#ProtectFreeSpeech or be removed from office!
Criticizing the President when he needs all the support he needs, well let you known something, Won't forget come the primaries next year!.
You sure pissed me off. No loyalty. What you do to him you do to those who voted for him.
I guess you are not interested in re-election
Always easy to be a 'Back seat driver' bad http://mouthing.You 're Not President thank God. Some ally....
Corker why dont you put a cork in it and get out of the POTUS way. Traitor!
Your nothing but another nasty race baiter and an embarrassment to the Republican Party!
Please get behind our President! He is successful and that is why we the people elected him.
hey  zack was a slave owner bob wheres your thought process???
opps old zack was a slaver
RINO Bob is a #cuckservative #AltLeft #traitor
Thank you for your leadership.
Mr Corker wish you would keep your thoughts to your self or you will find your self out of a job. Help Mr Trump to make America great again
Soon enough you'll be voted out, watch and see, enjoy for now
Nice of you to get your pics up with all the minorities. Yor a disgrace. So is the rest of your pals in the senate. Get 2 work. Start w inv!
Thank you for the courage to stand up to Trump.
https://www.google.ca/amp/amp.sacbee.com/news/nation-world/national/article167909397.html ….    Please watch!!!
I am tired of Trump bashing RINOs. Show a little courage Senator! #MAGA
Wow. So diversified. You must be fishing for an angle. Time to go come election time.

The difference between Pres. Trump and Congress is 65million+ voters who are supporting him & what he's doing. Who in Congress can say that? 
@GOPChairwoman Senators like Mr. Corker are a prime example of why I am considering withholding all funds I donate to the GOP!!!
45 is not going to change, he will get worse. he's always been a liar and incompetent. For God's sake invoke the 25th.
Feels good to be honest, doesn't it?
You spoke your conscience despite dogma.
Thank you for your brave and accurate analysis of tRump's inability to act presidential and the serious peril.
Now let's see a live up to what you said!!! You probably forgot most of conversations already. Just bad
Thank you 4 not COWERING like the rest of the GOP for recognizing and not GIVING SILENT CONSENT TO Americas most clear&present danger-potus
Perhaps you should do your job of the people instead of criticizing Trump.  We'll remember Corker!
Way to go the democrats are so happy with you. proving once again republican can't hold a line. #standwithyourpresident
Den Corker is a Johnny come lately with NO knowledge of Trumps past. What a moron. Now he believes all civil war reenactment are KKK
Thanks for finally speaking up about Trump. You got your supreme court pick and Nazis in the White House. Hope "her emails" were worth it.
Thank you Senator for speaking out. I know you will get sttacked, but you did the right thing and history will remember. Again, thank you!
How is it I knew Trump was a fucking lunatic for over a year and Corker is just figuring it out now? I though senators were smart?
Yes I agree.They should of blocked him before he got in office. But even though it doesn't mean much now, at least they are finally doing so
(mumbling) “Trump is bad”.
You are an embarrassment to TN! #ImpeachBobCorker
BOB, Finally you got some cahones & spoke the truth about IDIOT POTUS. Hopefully colleagues will join. Way to go
Thank you so much for your courage
#fanniegate, turning Republicans like you into kleptocratic, gov private property stealing a-holes since 2008.
Much thanks for speaking up @SenBobCorker! We appreciate you standing up and saying what needs to be said about #Trump. We need you & others
You just p*ssed off 60+ million people and became friends with your foes.Used to respect your opinion, but you just lost any honor you had.
The truth comes out. Whn someone is being attacked one can either courageously help them or malevolently join in on the carnage. Now we know
It isn't enough that you helped Obama send billions to the world's enemy, Iran, now you're trying to gut the People's @POTUS too? #Traitor
So your blaming our @POTUS for what the sick MSM is doing to him?? I'd equate that to blaming the victim for his assault injuries. Shameful.
Looks like you just failed. You listened to the hypersensitive, histrionic, mentally ill press/harassers instead of We, The People.
Guess you didn't get the memo that we don't want standard operating procedure. We want cleanliness and change. It's you who don't get it.
U colluded with Obama and guaranteed a Nuclear Iran. The only radical change we want is u weak Rino's out of office @POTUS,@realDonaldTrump
Senator Corker - Hypocrite - trying to make your constituents happy and bad mouthing Trump -  you will loose in end dip-shit!
Thank you for having the courage to speak truth to power.  Please continue to speak out.
Antifa is a terrorist organization and you are a COWARD
DIDN'T KNOW YOU WERE BEING FILMED? SOROS, REALLY.? RUDE. LAME EXCUSE. YOU SOUND LIKE TEUMP A H
Enjoy it; come election time U & Alexander are OUT! We from Tennessee never forget! Count on it
Finally a Republican that had his eyes open and sees what Trump truly is.
One thing I'd like President Trump to focus more on is swamp draining.  Perhaps look into corruption like this:
Enjoy your time left as a Senator!  WE are taking your SEAT BACK

YOU have not demonstrated stability or competence
Thank you, Senator, for putting our country before party and self. We're very grateful.
Thank you for standing up for what's right and calling out @POTUS for the incompetent fool he is!
Thank you for standing up for our nation. <3
So tired of anti Trump RINO quisling. Resign Senator! #MAGA
Thank you for standing up for our country!!!
 So is your slavery message about  -->>child trafficing -sorry  but  WTH
Come on TN replace this democrat, the GOP should use funds to challenge his seat
In April, Erik Prince held a secret Seychelles meeting with a Russian close to Putin to establish a back channel.
Thank you for your leadership today.
Trump has such a trivial understanding of the issues it's embarrassing.
Trump is a no nothing blustering Bully, carnival barker, and a cheap huckster.
Thank you Senator Corker for openly expressing what not just the liberals like me have recognized since before the election.
We the People question your competence in light of your body's complete failure to repeal Obamacare.  Are you mad? Insane? Incompetent. YES!
Bob Corker is really amusing.

All we've seen in DC is INCOMPETENCE, Trump brought in COMPETENCE and the Sewer is calling him INCOMPETENT??
Thank you for speaking out on Trump. I'm a hard core D but I believe that doing right should be recognized no matter where it comes from.
Corker remarks on Trump indicate he has traded dc for tn and needs credible primary opposition.  Time to go, Bob.
Enjoy it while you can. We're going to do all we can to rid TN and the country of your spineless representation.
I live in TN, I'm a Trump supporter and we will vote you out of office.
#rino #primary
And this is what most of you people do is have expensive lunches, sell access and bad mouth the President. Sell out.
Thank you Senator Corker! A man with a spine!

Bob "The Price Is Right" Corker hates that @realDonaldTrump can't be bought by @WellsFargo like he was 
Were you surrounded by Soros operatives? Coward.
Please help get this racist buffoon out of the WH. He's an embarrassment to our country.
THE DO NOTHING CONGRESS IS PARTIALLY TO BLAME FOR VIRGINIA EVENTS AMERICANS ARE SICK & TIRED OF EMPTY TALK & NO ACTION IT HELPED CREATE UVA
I wouldn't have lunch with this man, or stand next to him in a picture, is extremely mentally unstable
Hey senator ... where is the repeal bill u promised? And how are u different from the democrats?
WHAT A LYN NO GOOD SACK OF SSSS... THIS PHONY DO NOTHING SENATOR FROM THE DO NOTHING CONGRESS HAS GOT TO GO.. DUMP THESE PHONY BOZO'S
Looks like the Soros operative was the guy at the podium.
Too bad you went to badmouth the president! YOU are out of touch with the character of our nation. Impotent reps like you should zip it!!
Thank you for pointed Trump remarks!
You are a traitor to America this will be your last term you just insulted 62 million people who love  our President
Sen Corker you why the GOP is going to loose many seats in Congress 2018 Y'all need to be united & quit bashing this President
You helped Barack with Iran deal. Gave Iran $1.7 billion + to build nukes.
Thank you for putting country over party.  Your courage and patriotism about our country's core values should be a model for your peers.
U care about Bob not America. Want to keep the status quo that has never helped Americans. 1 million new jobs tx to Trump
@SenBobCorker is not only betraying and undermining @POTUS, he's betraying his constituents and undermining success of GOP agenda.
@SenBobCorker: The White House Needs ‘Radical Changes’ Since Trump Doesn’t Demonstrate ‘Stability’ http://dailycaller.com/2017/08/17/bob-corker-the-white-house-needs-radical-changes-since-trump-doesnt-demonstrate-stability/?utm_source=site-share …
Heard your comments about how things need to change at the WH-thank you for thinking of ALL of America-I hope others in congress follow suit
ANTIFA BLM NEO NAZIS ALL THE SAME , ANTIFA and BLM started by George Soros and other Zionists satanists ...Antifa is dangerous Bolshevik typ
Thank you for your bravery
What you just keep on while you just sit up there and bash our POTUS Fact Antifa is to blame too they were paid
My hat is off to you for your courage and stance in the face of extreme adversity. Thank you Senator.
NOW @SenBobCorker questions Trump? All Republicans are scumbags even when viewed next to Trump. Most dems too.
Senator Corker, thank you for your courage today in your comments about President Trump. I'm Republican and I thank you sir
We the ppl have had enough, we stand 100% behind @POTUS ! All Rino's will be gone !
Autobots with thousands of tweets and 60 followers heaping praise on you for piling on our President today - Proud much?
More lies from people who are blinded by Trumps propaganda.
#RINO TN he showed his 4 our beloved POTUS. He needs to be held responsible. #resign #primary him. He cannot be trusted. They got 2 him
Thank you Senator Corker for your courageous comments on Trump today!
Corker = D.C. SLEAZE BAG...DRAIN THE SWAMP...
Very ashamed of you.   Stand with Potus or we vote you out.   You are a weak weak man
Thanks for speaking truth to power!
We need radical changes in the Congress #TermLimits
: Sen, Please say you are defecting to he north.  Better climate for RINOs.  @chuckwoolery @CharlesHurt @asamjulian
Thank you Senator Corker for your honest words about this president. Please help our country over party.
all groups were responsible!
maybe you could behave like a Republican...& stand against all violence. or are u scared to upset the ANTIFA? I watched videos from people
YES WE CAN #Tennessee #TN

Let's GET RID of RINO Bob Corker who supported Obama's Iran Deal.

Let's support challenger Larry Crim!
Thank you. #DenounceTrump
Thank you Senator for standing up to @realDonaldTrump @POTUS. 

He is a bully and we need more leaders like you.

Rino globalist! Talk about being incompetent, you gave us the IRAN deal with the Corker amendment! Please somebody primary this tool!
Thank heaven u see that Trump is unfit for representing this country and its people. Talk to your colleagues; get buy in. Counting on U.
Bravo for choosing Country over Party today!  Now talk to the rest of the @GOP to follow suit !!
Poor people of TN stuck with you. Our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump won, despite you&your ilk.
TN Republican 2016 Election 
1,522,925  60.7%
I'm glad you made a much needed statement. I hope your colleagues will have the nerve to follow suit.
How much $$$ did the donors line you pockets with?
Shame on you to attacks POTUS. We will remember it next year when we vote you out in primaries. #MAGA
Thank you Senator! We need voices of reason now more then ever! 
You need to stop attacking our Republican President who is the only one who has the courage 2 not be a poodle to the nefarious left SHAPE UP
Please watch. Please think.  Please be a strong, smart American & speak up.
Fn joke of a hit piece from the left, piss off.
@realDonaldTrump The senator is a coward! He's a leftist! He'll be agreeing to take down Jefferson & Washington next! Campaign against him.
You and fellow senators have nothing but lied to the American people time to repeal and replace you and a few more republicans
Trump has demonstrated Truth & Commitment to Americans & doesn't create smoke screens to placate to special interests like most politicians
You Sir, don't understand the character of the nation, and there needs to be radical changes in the senate. The 1st thing is kicking you out
Thank you Senator for speaking out against Trump and taking a stand!!!
Love the remarks about Trump!!!
Bobby, your TN constituents just love it when you pile on Trump & give aid and comfort to the Democrats & MSM. It's so refreshing! Not.
Great to see Bob Corker not afraid to speak up about Trump...was worried the GOP were just his puppets
We will be voting you out next election for not supporting our president
