Trump administration wants to rally world to stop ‘four famines’ http://politi.co/2u7HCtb  
Good, but now it's time for the no back bone senators repeal Obamacare do your jobs for a change.

Rock bottom has a basement.
Remove Trump from office. impeach or use 25th A.
Choose America over vain ambition.Act now.History is being made. GOPsinspetty.CourageResist
You have no idea how much damage you are doing to yourself while you 'stand' with this madman. He is unfit. Do your job! @SenAlexander
Some advice: just stop the bombs and lift the blockade on #Yemen and that's one crisis sorted
RU impacted the election with a misinformation campaign, why are they being allowed to own a radio station here?
Russian government-owned Sputnik News is coming to FM radio in DC
https://www.axios.com/russias-sputnik-news-coming-to-d-c-airwaves-2452799266.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic …
4 famines and 1 pestilence called trump
As a conservative and Veterans, myself and 65 million Trump supporters want to know, Why Mueller hire 14 HR cartel. Proof Trump is innocent
#byebob
Hard to believe he stopped tweeting long enough to converse. When will you and rest of GOP stop treating POTUS as if he is normal?
Where do you stand on HC plan? With DJT or your ppl? We want a town hall to discuss your prez & HC. PLEASE ANNOUNCE.
Have u told him to stop tweeting ridiculous and mean comments, and get his job done? Disrespects women. Not presidential at all. Sickening
Go Cara !
the solution is actually quite simple, perhaps too simple for politics...people want peace, what do you want?
Health care ? It's really wealth care.
Look at all the #snowflakes ^v Sure this is July?
By supporting Trump you support the notion that groping, insulting, demeaning, and assaulting women is "just how men are" and that's OK.
Bob, if he rallies the world the way he rallies this country, we are on the fast track to global destruction.
This is how you shut Twitter Trump mouth up #hollywoodaccesstape
You need to read:
Might want to talk with him about your sex trafficking initiative too.....

Senator Corker, please tell Tennesseans what you think about the Trump team's collusion with Russia to undermine our democracy!
Have u talked about his support to #GCC Dictatorship Kingdoms like; #Bahrain #SaudiArabia #UAE & others?
You have to be just as mental as trump. A person with his type of behavior must B locked up so he does no harm 2 the American people. #LOSER
??? DID WE TALK???
The election of Trump is what happens when Fox lies to people for years and Republicans turn a blind eye. You made your bed, lie in it!
The American people know that the deep state, Obama and the Dem's committed treason when they conspired to commit treason against, @POTUS
I AM ENGAGED TO THE AMERICANS NOT MARRIED YET...JUSTICE FOR ALL THE TRUE VICS, HOSTAGES & STAKEHOLDERS!
Let's take care of the Healthcare Bill!
Senator is it appropriate for @IvankaTrump to take her father's chair at G20?  What is her official status in the diplomatic corp?
Senator, If you don't support additional sanctions to Russia for election interference, we'll KNOW you're complicit, too. PROTECT the USA!
Do you wrestle with him also? Seriously? He is a force of destruction to the Republicans and to our country.
Senator Corker, what are you plans to address the violent tweets by your president?

"Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore, Send these...
@politico How can you stand with a man who spends weekends sending threatening tweets from official channels
You're a joke and so is the entire @GOP on display for the whole world to see.
Please stop normalizing this person!! Stand up for what's right. Find your manhood and stand up to the school yard bully! I'm a constituent
#25thAmendment Bob.
OK, has anyone thought abt having POTUS ask Putin when he goes to the G 20 and wrestle with him? World Peace, the pot!
His tweets today condone violence towards media..why do you Republicans enable him? Why will you not stand up to him?  USA being destroyed.
If Herr Drumpf will get donations to them the Same way he did the Veterans, they'll starve anyway! He's nothing but a con Man.
If he wants to help starving people around the world the way he helps people here, then they're doomed! #Fakeprez!
Hillary was right, you're All DEPLORABLES! You need to Remember you're OUR employee and it's Not the other way around! Vote No on trumpcare!
your president is advocating violence against the FREE press! This is not America anymore! 2018...
@politico When He runs 4 president this will be his legacy. Standing with Trump and SILENCE on abuse of power
Shame in you Bob. You have to be a patriot. Be like @James_Mackler A Real Patriot who fights 4 US
Good work Bob...My Old Buddy Donald is the Great Change we needed !
Why don't you kiss his ass some more? Maybe you can get in on his media bashing violent videos. That seems about right for you.
Do you mean this guy???
#FraudNewsCNN #FNN 
So, Trump promotes violence this morning in his tweet video of him fighting CNN. What are you going to do about this maniac? 25th, 4th!
I know you support Trump, but I thank you for your efforts to keep US safe from his poor decisions.
Did you now. How about you have a good conversation with him about RESIGNING.

That's the only conversation which would matter right now.
I'm in #Nashville tonight. I was in #Knoxville and #JohnsonCity today and #Memphis tomorrow.Remember those places? Haven't seen u in a while
Would like to see it.
my name is Mr zimbler and I am having a problem with tenncare/medicad I am a very sick man 64yrs old 615-556-6379
Your wasting your time talking with DT - he doesn't care.
DUMP THE TRUMP!
nazis ask for voter role info, not Americans!
Famine is a political issue. Stop creating wars in foreign countries across the world. That will go a long way 2 allowing food distribution.
No conversation with that person is worth wasting time on.
Work with him on HEALTHCARE AND LOWETING TAXES.  You weren't voted into office by non citizens....  Put your efforts into what helps us.
Are any of you Republicans going to have the guts to stop the actual historic crisis going on right now!?!
Sir. I shall not vote for any republican he as some democrat advisary in Congress to stand up to him. Republicans don't seem to have courage
I'm still waiting for proof of voters fraud. As usual @realDonaldTrump never provides. You're support of him reveals your own failure.
Hopefully you can have a good conversation to stop the horrible healthcare bill from becoming law...it hurts too many people!
Oh really? I'm not buying it cause ur both liars #TrumpRussia
donating to competitor next election
A good conversation with trump?  Did he talk about resigning?  What a good conversation that would be.  #hack
Senator..YOU work for US in TN. As you continue to forget country over party, remember that in 2018. Change it by not supporting CheetoChief
The historic crisis is his presidency.
What does he have over you I wonder?
I'm sorry. I don't believe this. You talked about him. He can't have a conversation unless it's about him. He's senile and a narcissist.
Your continued support of this person is stunning.
The historic crisis of this administration on our country?
I'm worried Putin will convince Trump to remove sanctions against Russia
Did you have a chance to discuss his use of twitter? Please stop the laudatory tweets it is beneath you and makes you look foolish
Something must be done-45 has lost sight of his job, responsibility and who he represents
Grandiose beliefs again that this idiot wants to RALLY the world. Has he changed his mind on #global impacts of #ClimateChangeIsReal then.
Our nation is in crisis because of this president and you are a part of it because you are enabling him. Stop being a coward.
Is it difficult to "have a good conversation" knowing all that you do about his character, words, and deeds?
how about one telling him to shut his big pie hole ? hmmmmm?
I'm sure if it was a "good" conversation with POTUS you have fallen under the ether & are lost...
How about YOU stopping an American crisis of historic proportion... the corrupt, inept trump administration.
If I were you I would distance myself from trump.
3-an easy decision.I realize ur under the pressures w/working under an idiot, but we're the ones that pay U the big bucks.Is he worth it?Sad
2-The main reason ur not getting my vote is for the simple fact that Ur simply having a problem w/deciding.U represent us & it should be
Hi there Bob. I'm a Tennessean.Just wanted to let U know I won't be voting for U in th '18 election. Already spreading it around to friends.
Load of shit. This president stands for nothing. You know this Corker. Stop the partisan bullshit!
???Really???
You do know that he is the crisis...
He could start by supporting the Paris agreement.  The article you linked to claimed climate change was a contributing factor to the crisis.
HE IS INSANE!!!!!!!! STOP SUPPORTING HIM!!!!!!!!
Do you stand by his bullying too
You embarrass me and I'll do everything I can to vote you out.
Me too!
This is not going to distract us from the healthcare bill. Will you make the right decision? What's it going to be - party or the people?
What do you say about the Tweets?   Even the National Enquirer is denying connection.  Where do you fall Senator?
Did you discuss his bad tweeting or maybe you think its okay to attack women? He shames Presidency & U.S. That's ok with you?
did you happen to mention his tweeting and how inappropriate his comments are ,well did you ?????? Just Saying !!!!
45 hasn't done anything successful yet… Why do you think he will get this done?! He's destroying America… Do the right thing, impeach him!
Why didn't you have a good conversation with him about his demoralizing tweets,  #mika Disgusting attitude towards women and our healthcare
He's not going to let you give him a blow job Bob. Get over it.
Ashamed of all of you
Is there such a thing as a good conversation with this man child? Convince him to act like and adult
We sure wish you would've felt the same way about giving Nuke capability to Iran.
Bob u know he has a short attention span. Tell the truth he was either on his phone or off topic when he spoke. #DementiaDonald
I met you several years ago. I understand the dilemma that you are in. Pls don't act like a lackey; act like a rep. Best wishes. Truly.
You won't convince us you all have hearts of gold. Trump has shown what he is and isn't humanitarian of the year.
He's doing such a great job rallying folks so far. Maybe we can send them some of this coal we're planning on mining.
Shameful. His behavior cheapens the office and our nation.
Stand with him on repeal and tax reform and wall..thanks since you are voting for me
He isn't coherent enough to have a meaningful conversation with, just #ImpeachTrumpNOW & we might believe you don't support @PutinRF_Eng
Still waiting for the grown up in the majority leadership. Don't let us down.
He has lost any credibility with the rest of the world Bob
I cannot wait to hear specifics. Please publish them, or put them in Twitter. What are his and your plans?????  We deserve more than tweets
I follow the news and the internet. When and where can we read your (his) proposals???!!!
1)Trump doesn't care about anything but Trump.  2)You only care about telling us how tight you are with Trump.  It will bite you. Promise.
Hey corker when are you up for re-election? Don't count on it though
So this is fake news then:
Trump preparing executive order that could deny US food aid to millions: report http://hill.cm/FhJvFUo  
Pretty much. It's a wildly deceptive headline.
In one hour you got 60 likes.  Tell you something?
He's got no global leadership. How can you in any way support his myosgyny?
How far up his arse are you by now? See the little black thing called his heart yet?
Shame on you @SenBobCorker for continuing to pretend this just a normal president. Put country first!
GMAFB.  A good conversation to @realdonaldtrump means it's about him.  He's clueless if it is more than 140 characters
Mr Corker no one should stand w/Trump bc of all the insane things he has said & done. It is not your job to make him look good. U look bad.
You have convinced me to work from my home state, which is not your state, to unseat you. That's how wrong and myopic you are.
You mean his abuse against women?
Let me guess... there will be a "big, big announcement" in "a couple of weeks"
Doesn't it smell bad with your head so far in there?
Now talk him into giving up Twitter. Please. America will thank you.
A further reaching convo comes from including concerns posted above, taking citizen voices to White House.
Good one, Bob. You also stand by while Trump decimates our State Dept, cuts funding that helps the people facing this historic crisis that 1
he is exacerbating. You also stand by while Trump tweets racist, sexist remarks; plays games with our healthcare; destroys our world 2/
Likelihood of any meaningful action on this = zero. Please don't stand w the bully
?????   @realDonaldTrump is yanking funding from OUR most vulnerable and you truly believe he'll do anything but TALK about #worldfamine
I am saddened that you can actually promote a #POTUS who has absolutely no respect or humility for the office he holds.
Agree
At this point 45 isn't credible and your happy tweets give the appearance of sycopancy.
I really cannot abide continued praise of this president on your Twitter feed. It's appalling. He deserves no accolades whatsoever.
The world isn't going to listen to him now.
It takes a deranged man to understand one. I will leave it at that.
Why is it in the low low that Alexander was on the writing of the horrible Senate Healthcare? Stop enabling this horrible President.
Really? Then why would he actively support Saudi in their genocide of #yemen? All talk.  Where's the action?
stop trying to normalize this @POTUS
@politico must have been great in 140 characters!
Stand firm on Healthcare: Repeal with no Replace is disastrous for your constituents and for the @GOP

Get the gov out of the healthcare business. Repeal and don't replace. It's called free market. Nothing in the constitution about healthcare
He can't unite his own country, and you think he's gonna tackle the world???
@politico dear senator corker- please stick a cork in it. Thank you

there is No Impending Disaster it's a way of controlling people. you can mark my words.
Spoken like a mindless puppet. Open your eyes and look around.
I been looking around for 50+yrs. Man does not control this earth, less the breaths we take, or the hairs on our head.
So you align yourself with a liar...tells us a lot about you.
that is just not true 20 m+ will not lose their healthcare, they will be given choices on whether they want it or not
Awesome!
And as a first step an EO that only allows US ships to transport US aid is a GREAT start.
(detect the note of sarcasm)
What about the pending health care famine?  Do you support his repeal ACA now and (maybe) pass #TrumpCare later plan?
Don't believe a word if it. If he was concerned, he wouldn't be stopping refugees from coming to this country.
The problem with Crocker is he believes trump sad sad sad. Hey are you still taking our ins. Since we are talking about liars
Good lorD, you're the most embarrassing thing aboutTN. At least @SenAlexander hides in shame about AHCA
Actions speak louder than words Senator. How will you answer when your partners ask about our plans to cut foreign aid?
He would rather tweet insults at women than do the serious work of the office. You know this but are too cowardly to call him on it.
I really hope he follows through, since there's no money in it for him.  I remain skeptical of his altruism.
Did you share with him that he is a historic crisis?
Are you insane? He doesn't care about people in this country much less another!
It's about time that you and the Republican Party man up there's nothing good coming from the White House.
If you're party does not man up to this excuse for a president, the Republicans will also be a bad joke the next election.
Bob Corker this is not a time for politics as usual the hate coming from the NRA should prove this agenda is getting seriously dangerous
Fix the problems with the ACA, not throw it out. This President will destroy our Democracy if politics as usual is continued. Man up
Man up???ACA should have never been implemented.Pelosi said just vote it in 2c what's in it n engineer of ACA called Americans stupid
Not convincing. @POTUS doesn't really care or listen.
Il ne sait même pas ce que ça veut dire...
You don't stand for anything but greed @SenBobCorker
TN stands against you Bob, thanks for nothing.#byebob
I lived in Tennessee for 26 years. Vote him out. He needs to be.
