I have a right to speak my mind, practice my religion, freely assemble, and carry a firearm.

These rights come from God, not government.
Daaaaaamn.
Hahaha!
This is brilliant 
NRA 3:16.
What is god?
his god fakes fossils

just for context
Gunesis
Can't wait for PASSION II: THE REVENGE - see how Mel stages Jesus wrecking the temple. (SPOILER ALERT: there may or may not be bump stocks and grenades involved)
The Republican part.
@WalshFreedom Nehemiah 4:7-21
There is no part with guns because there were no guns in 33AD
Did the Romans circa 33AD use nail guns?
Asking for a friend.
it's in the same chapter as the where Jesus commanded Pilot confiscate Nicodemous' excess wealth to subsidize Mary Magdiline's birthcontrol.
Second amendment to the original bible
Yes- don’t you remember Jesus w/ an AR-15 slung across his shoulder? What is wrong with these people?

Inalienable? God doesn’t know this?
This is all u have peasant? Lmfao
You'll always be subservient. It's in your colonial DNA
How’s that? A sub is dutiful to its master. Ur sub shot u in face then sent u whimpering to fleece someone else LMFAO!!
Yet we still fleece you when you come in your droves to visit our queen!! 
Hey God, I know it's a busy weekend for you with dying and resurrecting and all, but @WalshFreedom is some sort of unhinged nutter.
He is one of the 'special' ones...
Rifleations
Underrated tweet.
love the part of the bible where everyone was fighting the romans with their deagles!
Religious people don't tailor their beliefs to suit their religion. They tailor their religion to suit their beliefs.
2nd Pistolium I believe.    Part of the Apocrypha.

May be new testament by Trump.
God had a gun?
Learn somethin' new every day, huh?
@WalshFreedom has been "debating" @DaveWeasel all day on this issue... yet he ignores God....

WHY WON'T YOU DEBATE GOD, JOE?!
wow some people......
Not sure there is a bigger clown on this site than Joe.
Because it sure isn't in the text...
I believe it's in Job: the one where god keeps killing jobs family & destroying everything he has & then god gives him an AR15 to kill himself to prove even more how much of a sucker he is for him. If I'm not mistaken.
Maybe Joe can enlighten us on Gods weapon of choice.
Sorry @TheTweetOfGod don't you realise that you #CantFixStupid
Y'know Dad, there are some times and some people who make me wonder why you ever gave up your whole "smiting" hobby.
Then I have the right to kill anyone who is working on a day of worshiping you.
Good question.
He read it in this class
I’d say it’s the paragraph right after the word musket
Though shall not clean thine M3, nor AR-15 with olive oil but proper cleaner lubricant, so sayeth the Lord.- Somewhere in Genesis, I believe
Adam & Eve weren’t packing heat in Eden? I swear I recall something like that...
Why are you not attacking police then?

Jesus told me that the ancient Romans had secret guns., but no bullets yet.
Oh yes! This was said!!!thank you for your freedom of speech 
It's called Natural Law, God. Isn't Thomas Hobbes up there, in heaven, with you? Ask him to explain it to you and stop saying dumb things.
Natural rights does not assume a belief in God, Joe is wrong on that point
I once thought Joe Walsh was a rational voice for his cause, although I disagree with every word that comes from his mouth. This is at the top of the BS heep Joe.
I didn't realize they had firearms over 2,000 years ago!
Hey dingbat, natural law and natural rights do not come from the Bible. The Bible illuminates. My right to defend myself and my family and not be a subjugated to dependency on a police state is natural law. #nra #2a #guncontrol #parkland
Honour your father and gun
The Book of Armaments.
Ah yes! So inspirational! 
And on the 7th day got created steel and built an AR-15 to shoot at people.  Because after creating the beautiful world he thought, "let's blow some shit to peices"
I spoke to God last night over a beer, he told me that @WalshFreedom  would not be going to heaven because it is a gun free zone and full of teachers.  I agreed that you will now be barred from the afterlife. #TheGatesAreLockedForJoe
Did they already had guns, munition and explosives 2000 years ago? 
#Occupy: The Bible is 2000 years old and according to Joe Walsh it contains a #Permit from #God to Own #Firearms.
*Checking Troll-test procedure* 
Oh, wait ! Did he give a #Citation ? #
Think he created an interpretation of his own so he can legalise his gun obsession.
You're an idiot. No they didn't.
Joe, don’t know what you have been smoking or whatever,but u need 2report that God n those rights he gave you. The rock he gave 2Moses said thou shall not kill....can’t think of a thing you can do with a gun other than kill.....so u need 2change god or STOP SMOKING  
NO 2 AR15!
Oh Joe! And you were doing so well! Now you’re hearing voices, get back on the meds.
Making this Shit up as they go
WOW
The comments are hilarious!  
the last verse of the last testament : thou shalt not covet they neighbors firearms.
I’m sure God said to Abraham kill me your son... with an M16.

Walsh has a point. You are fairly violent, God. You can see how he’d think you’d endorse him.
Joe is not the brightest bulb in the chandelier. I think he actually believes that the Bible spoke about the right to bear arms.
Alms! Easy mistake...

My favourite part of the bible is where Jesus shoots all those filthy beggars who want bread and fish from him. https://twitter.com/WalshFreedom/status/927611461316247552 …
He's clearly Catholic..


ऐसा क्या गुनाह किया हमने | IPL में पाकिस्तानी प्लेयर्सका खेलना मना | शोह... https://youtu.be/0x0-R5laezM  via @YouTube
Joe Joe silly Joe.
ॐ OM,THE BIBLE GOOD, ॐThe Lord dwells in the hearts of all beings.causing them by His illusive power,to recvoive,in accordance with their nature,as if they are mounted on a wheel of the body.ॐ,HARI OMहरि ॐ
If its from god and not government why do you keep banging on about the second amendment? Or did god write that? 
.@WalshFreedom, pls respond to #God's question.
Well if he blows his nutsack off with the firearm, he'll get to join the choir. #JoeBlows
Everyone's a winner.
Praise The Lord !
As an avid fan..... can I back that up please.   
This guy is nothing, holds no power, has no say unless you choose to listen.  So don’t listen to him. Listen to yourself.
Change 'God' to 'Allah' and we have what JW would ironically see as a extremist preaching against government for a terrorist organization.
The Constitution was written by God??!  WTF!  Seems to me the mortal founders advocated for separation of church & state.  Insane justification.
George Carlin had a lot to say on the subject of rights. He made some damn good points on the subject too. Maybe Joe Walsh ought to try using his brain instead of talking out of his arse.
Songs of the NRA - Chapter 3, Verse 24:  And the Lord said you have the right to carry a gun, if you're insecure about your penis size.
Those rights come from society. Your god is made up. Stop being an idiot and start dealing with reality.
That was Imbeciles 7:22-24.......or maybe Dalmatians 19:99
Stones, guns...
The part which is totally screwed up. ;-) I am sure you know which part ;-)
or this one ;-)
I'd like to see those 2,000 year old guns.
The right to arms does not say that we can carry assault rifles. But feel free to carry a Musket.
Or a nice bottle of muscatel....
Right on, God!
I fucking love this Twitter account !
The part where Jesus told Peter to put away his sword, and where Jesus told people to turn the other cheek. Pretty sure that’s it.
Dear God, should Australian cricketers collectively go to hell? #balltampering Amen etc
Why stop at their cricketers?
And on the 8th day God created the AR-15, and he saw that it was good.
The Lord bestowed upon Man the right to bear arms and these were His words: "AR does not mean Assault Rifle". 
On the 9th day Adam shot Eve in the face, for she claimed a head ache.
Too funny!
Joe Walsh, you had a very bad Sunday School teacher. "Thou shall not kill"
I used the K J V cause you seem out of date son. For others "You should not kill". Nothing about a right to carry a gun to kill hundreds of people in minutes.
Psalms 9:8 thou shalt be able to open fire with an AK as thou pleases.
Which God? Was that the one whose son handed out loaves and fishes or AR-15’s and ammo?
Can I get some cocktail sauce with my fish and AR-15?  Let me hear a Thank You Jesus!

Maybe because they still believe in the concept of a bloodthirsty god.
it's in the back where phasers, lasers and light sabres are mentioned.
Did not god say to his fanatics to destroy men and women in the city of Jericho? it is necessary to have protection from religious fanatics. It is necessary to protect from god, be sure. this is exactly the right of god :)
The Bible has many horror story
I think he missed the part where it says to take care of his children. Bum.
What part of the Bible gives you freedom of speech or religion?
He should carry the Bible; the New Testament instead
Does Allah convey the right to bear an AK47 upon those of Islamic faith? I think the answer is no but there are frequently nutcases with somewhat deluded interpretations of religion.
I have the right to solemnly disagree.
Had to check my following, sometimes he talks coherently then not so. Not a follower so, I don’t support Joe stating God likes Guns;)
@peralesjulie

@WalshFreedom God given right to carry a firearm, huh.  Sort of the same way most Muslim extremists talk.  Are you a Muslim extremist Joe?  Just curious.
@WalshFreedom:  a perfect example to the world of what happens when the education system fails.
God please explain how you didn’t have anything to do with the making of the bible cause everyone goes arround saying its the word of god like you personally wrote
Ugh, where is that tweet about the IQ test requirement before tweeting? Someone needs to add it as a  footnote in his bible.
He‘s not talking about you, I suppose. He must have fallen for some weirdo god.
@WalshFreedom  For a minute there I thought this was THE Joe Walsh. But then he wouldn't come up with the nonsense about guns
Funny. I don't remember guns being around 3000 years ago 

He misread it . Says forearm . Easy mistake

Holy Hand Grenades Batman!
Its there somewhere in the back along with the dino's
Rights are not given, they are fought for and taken . . . with, um, yeah,  . . . guns.
This must be where @WalshFreedom got his education about the Gospels

I have a right to think Joe Walsh is a douche.
Congressman @WalshFreedom reading The Bible in Sunday School.

Don't worry God some Christian fundamentalist will find a passage in your book, with a word that sounds like gun. You get my point.
What did Jesus pack?
This Easter @WalshFreedom will quote the bible where it says "And the Lord said "Go thou unto the forest and hidest the eggs, and so didst the Bunny."
He can keep his god given right then and we can repeal #2.
@WalshFreedom Lord, bless this thy holy hand grenade...
Can I start claiming things came from you as well? Like what if the right to have unlimited free tacos is something I feel you have to me?
Bible is big on, “Thou shalt hold thine gun high.”  Eh, God?
...and God said “let there be guns!”
God - what do you think of Joe not paying child support and refusing to do so? #Deadbeat
And on the 8th day god was all like pew pew pew
This from a mass murderer....Sodom and Gomorrah.....oh and turning woman to salt....nice touch. I guess im next....
Hahahahahahaha
did you forget? you (god) wrote the constitution.
And Jesus said unto his disciples: "Brothers, behold! An AR15. Pull the trigger and thou shall convert projectiles into freedom and faith."

What God???  Some free advice...better stop with the "God given right" defense...it ain't working?
Joe hasn’t even listened to the audiobook
Jo Jo was a man who thought he was a shooter
But he knew it couldn't last 
Get back, get back 
Get back Jo Jo 
Imagine there's 
Nothing to kill or die for
Imagine all the people
Living life in peace
You may say I'm a dreamer
But I'm not the only one
I hope someday you'll join us
I wonder if that could ever be.

Miss Lennon...
A more interesting question god old chap is where you got parts of the bible from. I am not a dark warlock trying to disrupt peoples' consciousness but you know, the game is up.Your book is clearly a patchwork from the previous 5 millennia. 
Delusional mind is the worst. That goes for all worshipers of invisible man
Never tire of idiots like @WalshFreedom talking utter ignorant trash like this
last one isnt there , No guns in Jesus time .
The book of Bronson
Haste un favor cuando entrevistes a personas déjalos hablar y no hables tus pendejadas queriendo dirigir la platica donde tú pobre cerebrito quieres que sea, estás muy limitado y solo tratas de confundir ymal informar,eres un esclavo de tus propias pendejadas
No shit Joe...we all do!
...not if you speak your mind to your parents ...or to god, for that matter ...and yes you're free to practice your religion (according to god)...as long as it's the right religion, of course..but you ARE totally free to be an imbecile, Joe...
Seriously! Maybe wear sandals and carry a stick!
Oh thank god this wasn't the Joe Walsh from the Eagles saying that BS.. Would suck to have to hate one of my all time favorite artists..
Maybe you could point that firearm at yourself before you hurt an innocent bystander..
You and child molester Roy Moore.
Dear God, Have read many religious texts, Quran, Bible, Budhist scriptures, Hindu texts, Torah, yet NONE have anything about Guns. Did we miss your secret invisible ink section that only extremists, conservatives & @GOP cld read? OR did you forgot to put enough brains in them?
I remember a rule about Not Murdering. But not one allowing guns.
Which commandment declares this?
"Thou shalt overcompensate for small penises."
Thou shalt make up whatever bullshit thou feel in the name of justifying thou bullshit... it’s in the Book of Horseshit Chapter 6 verses 1-8
My Bible doesn’t mention anything about guns.
And thou shall lobbest the holy hand grenade and the Holy hand grenade does thus thou lob
“One, two, five! Three, sir !
Three ! “
You can’t make that stuff up, can you?
The bible never mentions guns nor it ever had guns back in the day.  Only sword and shield,  Sling shoots, bows and arrows, a fire cannon.  That's it!
Joe doth beith an asshole
Sounds like Joe Walsh is back on the bottle.
You mean like the kids just killed in Northern California.
Pretty sure no guns in the Bible...
And on the eighth day, God created AR-47s for all of Americans to slaughter themselves with.
These people are loony tunes.
"Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art packing some serious heat; thy AR-15 (w/ bump-stock) and thy 100 round clips they comfort me."
Always enjoy when God puts his two cents in.

He’s such an ass hat.
He said he got it from God, didn't mention the bible.
He must have misunderstood all the Genocide you called for
Couldn't be arsed to read it himself but someone mentioned there was a bit near the end.
Satan' s bible probably

I wish some people would exercise their right to turn their precious firearm on themselves before turning it on the innocent.
@walshfreedom nature doesn't care about human rights. Volcanoes, Hurricanes, Floods cannot be controlled by your Rights.
Remember when Jesus machine-gunned that barren fig tree?
Blocked Joe Walsh
When did Jioe Walsh find god  stick to song writing
Which God in which holy text says you have a right to own or even possess a firearm?
Guns need to be illegal. Gov confiscate all the guns! Repel the bullshit second amendment. Read it . It makes no sense in modern times
Srsly I thought the Bible was all about beating swords into ploughshares.
ok, but you ain't got a lot of room to talk, I've seen your violent book!
Everything that is not a freedom is a restriction. With freedom comes risk and reward. With restriction comes oppression.
Between the old and new testament they had to reload 
Yasss
Luk 22,36  He said to them, “But now if you have a purse, take it, and also a bag; and if you don’t have a sword, sell your cloak and buy one.
Is there a gun in the purse or the bag?
Which gun manufacturer would Jesus endorse? #WGMWJE
Hey God you have the IQ of a Dry Sponge and the sense of humor of Stalin you Freak.
Yeah that would be the constitution
@WalshFreedom you have the right to be shot by @therealdonaldtrump on wall and we would support him
@walshfreedom Now, God, you know it was from the part of the bible that had the clan meetings and lynchings in it.
He seemed okay playing guitar in The Eagles, but now he’s just nuts!

#iknow
It’s not the same Joe Walsh.
This is The Eagles Joe Walsh.
@TheSeanGriffin
@UsBleachers
I don't remember Jesus ever carrying a gun! I think Joe's got his message a little mixed up! Mind you, I've heard that his Old Testament dad often turned extremely violent when crossed!

Pretty sure the bible had boomsticks in it.
Stupid men
Who taught you you hate? Jesus taught love forgiveness and compassion
Jesus is one of my favourite guys of all time.
Your boy btw God.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
