If only we were this successful in bringing the republican party to extinction.
I think we’re getting close.
yeah soon you’ll get what you want. You will have the USSA. Comrade Bernie Sanders as the commissar, One party, one leader, under democratic socialism.
well then I'm afraid your Phd hasn't been very useful to you sir. All those years of reading books, yet all the books read were the wrong ones! Freedom brings prosperity and wealth for most, collectivism benefits the few who are in control of the masses.
Which is why wealth inequality is so high in America, right? You people think things like universal healthcare instantly makes a country the USSR. But no, let's just deregulate everything and trust those bankers and titans of industry to make everything better.
wealth inequality exists because the FED prints money that flows to ASSETS like the STOCK MARKET which results to asset holders profiting, and non asset holders not profiting.The government creates inequality, not the market. Gov. manipulates the market and creates these tensions
Both the markets and the government are responsible and both feed into each other. The market isn't some perfect entity that automatically knows what needs to be done.
Thanks, Obama.
He’s out of office, we’re on trump now.
That was the joke. He gets blamed for everything even though he's a private citizen.
It says you’re a novice Tweeter.  Be aware that sarcasm doesn’t translate well on social media.  No sarcasm emojis.

Lol people seemed to love the explanation not the joke, hmmmmmm 
This is awful & should be headline news. How sad we humans are. We’ve failed our planet.
Is it possible that this is why you created us ? Oh and the plastic too :)
Very sad
So sad
Ffs

For every species humanity has destroyed u should increase the chances of human Extinction 
Heartbreaking!
Oh noooooo that’s end world
God make more or save his dna scientist @TheTweetOfGod
Jerk him off immediately
Done 

Great job humanity! Another species defeated! 
we do suck sometimes 
At least they'll get a few quid from the Chinese for his horn, must worth a bob or two for their penile"power" medicine. #humansarecrap
I bet feminists are happy. An extinction of white males.
Not defeated but extinguished...
Ugh.
Time we go have a little chat with the trophy hunting trump cowardly family.
Oh well, considering 99% of all species that ever lived have gone extinct. 
Mother Nature is a hard mistress.

Rhino's are a relic of older times that are just on their way out.
Judging by the success rate, I think "thoughts and prayers" will save him.
What kind of people use Rhinos for poaching...
Can't you make a new one?
You knew this was going to happen, surely you've got some homosapien mass extinction powder from the joke shop up your sleave.
OMG ..where was the responsible institutions ??! How come they leave him 2 b the last...
He's at a zoo, actually - IIRC, in California. And they've been trying to help his species, trust me - it hasn't fucking *worked* is the thing.
Why didn't you mention that my family has helped?
I hate this
Hmmmm, I wonder how many people still go to Africa just to shoot large game......Fuckwits 
You killed more species in the great flood.
#humanssuck
Is there really no way to save this species? Can't we just clone his DNA or something? I mean, uh...
We could in the future, but we haven't quite reached that level in science yet. We tried to clone an animal out of extinction once.
We cloned a sheep, if we got this rhinos semen and a females egg surely we could incubate an embryo?
I mean, probably, but if they haven't done it yet, I'm sure there's a reason.
Probably too busy seeing if frogs jump farther than toads #uselessScience
So right

Trump boys want to kill it
He's Beautiful!

No doubt Don Jr and Eric will pick up their guns to hurry his end.. Such despicable examples of Human Beings.

Quick, @realDonaldTrump, send Junior to blast its brains out while he still has chance.
You mean "China". Great job, China!
The wages of sin is death. Those who defile themselves and creation will see their second death. There shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Make him alryt
rhinos stands for pride,,dun kill just coz U didn't make it happen.
Just CLONE IT!
Suprised I haven't seen more on this tbh
Omg,  no!!!!! 
This is scary sad
Well I tried to stop them god @TheTweetOfGod
clone rhinos at zoos  breed them we saved the m and chimps etc from    free range cause in captivity they survive
When things are rapidly going extinct all around us because of the love of money and power,.. we may consider it a sign to not join in on the extinction of hope! Earth  was given to man. We r f’ing it up 
This is sad. 

The Endlings
These  specious of Animals should be protected........!!
Who's responsible?
I'm sure you'll get many opinions on that. So many contributors to its demise.
Not ok. :((
SAD!!!
We're just trying to beat your record of 99.99% extinction rate. Keep it up oh great and wonderful embodiment of the spaghetti monster. May be the noodles to my sauce.
HAHAHA Well at least you can't blame #WhitePeople for this one.... Oh wait I'm sure you will find a Way!
Not a species - actually a subspecies!
How sad
Humans destroy everything we touch


No!!! Not the chubby unicorn!!
Its sad... When we live as humans only then will we allow animals to live as animals.... We are the problem... We can be the solution...
You're God. Make him better.
God create one more I say.. 
hahahha rebirth.
With all do respect, dinosaurs!
I hope they get genetic material from all species endangered for future cloning. If Barbra Streisand can clone her dog, we can clone animals that are going extinct.



I really miss the dodo. Any one else?
Why would you do that 

Beyond Tragic....sometimes it is just too painful .

I think it's sad to like that post :(

Thats not the news I need right now.
I saw a single White Rhino in Senegal and that looked depressed too!

@parambyte here look at this
God must be crying for creating humans now, only if!
Plzzz humans ...abb too jagg jao warna apni barbadi ki tayari koo
Poor Baby
Get well soon 
Sorry God but 90% of species that ever was are extinct , humanity is responsible for under 2% of that the rest was an act of you .
#yabigbarbaricbastard
I am devastated.
 
Winning 
This white rhino in Kenya was the last one of its species and the only one on this planet  shocked to hear this news
There are others but they're all female. So this effectively makes them extinct.
Very true
@KP24
Iska matalb kya hua?  Only tag karna!
Bhai wo rhino ko bachane ke liye Alag alga initiative le rha hh na! Isliye tag kia taaki news mil jae!
Really very sorry......why humans are so rude and cruel. What one can say human beings kill people  ruthlessly then where the animals stand.where are  we heading towards....can't we live with others peacefully whether people or animals???
We are on track full filling duties of recycling component of your trinity, thanks for giving us the negative side of the brain which feels happy at the pain of other
Tum kya gand mara rahe the jab vo bimar pada

Luckily I got to see this extinct species n take a selfie with him.. Get well soon Sudan
 more than sad
Great Job Humanity!! Human species have already defeated Humanity..Humanity have now gone completely Extinct. Look around you..millions breathing their last breath. Every night we sleep and wakeup in the morng .. hundreds of thousand of innocent ppl and children depart this world
@mrsfunnybones @akshaykumar fisher Family... 
Blessings, dear friend. Get well.
why god why...!!
So very sad
Had it organ donated for human medicinal purposes, if so could have been executed hidden #Breathe @ActorMadhavan
Air quality levels as recorded over the past 1 hour. #breathe
It is indeed these efficiency in survey even all electricity when from non renewable is what making #breathe difficult
Air quality levels as recorded over the past 1 hour. #breathe
If it can't be recorded really, that's not pseudo that too info, then that village is safe indeed locally and of that everywhere globally
Thanks obama
This is sad 
That's YOUR fault, God. You're the dope who invented humans.
Biped monsters will not allow other creatures to live on earth. @guardian
I honestly don't understand why it matters.
God, I know you said you wouldn’t but could you please flood the White House! 
Just a little house cleaning!
 AMEN
Doing we we do best. Especially Don Jr.

There can be only one!
Pretty sad that an animal needs to be protected by armed men. Especially one that is teetering on extinction.
What is it? Bomb it. What is it?
I was already having a shitty day.  Thanks!

Nooooo
So sad the last one of its kind hope he gets better soon
............... I don't have words. :(

Arm the rhinos!
I fcking hate hunters.
incredibly sad , the delicate balance of life takes another tilt
I cry.
I hate humans, way to go, god
@davidthewhiter1
This is really heartbreaking.
Quick! Maybe @DonaldTrumpJr can shoot it.
I don't believe another species is gone 
How sad.
you dare stand and call yourself the greatest being shame is above you,
Absolutely heartbreaking. So ashamed that we allowed this to happen. Words fail me
We humans are on the list too unless we understand our delicate place in the universe on this planet.
We are kinda not going on the right direction
This is really sad
mankind screwed up. they must make amends. Clone white rhino while there's still rhinos left
Another reason why guns blow. They’ve destroyed our world in so many ways.
Humanity fails us, again.
Their doing a great job with it, aren’t they?
So sad.
We'll get em all. Get em all I tell ya!
Come on dude! You're omnipotent! Do something!
we may be human but many lack any humanity.  You screwed up.
Someone give Tom Hanks a hug. Right now!
Nr1!
Have we won yet?

He looks like a dinosaur. Had to go. #FossilFuelForever
Can’t you just destroy all us humans and start again?
why are people making this all political?? who cares whose “fault” it is. just be sad and get out of other people’s way, ok?? no where in this article does it say anything that has to do with politics
That is Beutfel
Well done humans....something else we have screwed up.....
So very dad
I was in OL Pejeta last summer.  Part of it is right on the equator. Beautiful and heartbreaking all at the same time. Saw a black rhino, who are also on extinction list.
THEY NEVER COME BACK.    #protectandpreservewildlife #WakeUp
that is very, very sad.  what gives us the right to do this, the arrogance of humans is deplorable
Dear God, when MONSANTO has killed off all the pollinators....& humans have no food...will  cannibalism be acceptable???
I think some of us misunderstood the word "subdue"

"Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth, and subdue it;"
I’m sad and ashamed we’ve failed again. The human race- caretakers of our world 
Goddammit.
That's terrible
Sending all the healing vibes to endangered animals everywhere; ESPECIALLY elephants, cheetahs and Rhinos.
he is not making enough sperms for new production

How old he is???
N there is nothing you could do about it... For sure.
We’re two for this year and it’s only March.  We suck :(
Oh no, now how I will get super long lasting erection.
Thnx Trump
How many were poached? Stay classy humans.
There can be only one! #Highlander

Heart broken,photo of 4 years child who is migrating from Syria to Jordan, the UNHCR team caught him when he was migrating alone in desert from Syria to Jordan. 
the only thing he had in his shopper were the clothes…
I'm much more sad about this than Bill Grahams death
Could you please address the ‘dominion’ shit?  We seem to think it means we have the right to destroy- well, everything!!
proud of us, we are the best

So sad and gross :(
Where is a thot rhino when you need her?
Sorry 
Did the Trumps kill any rhinos?
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
