@berlinbikecafe 
And who's fault is that? ;)
It's easier to blame one being than 8 billion or so ....
Our human perception of God is what trips us up. God is not a limited human being but can be experienced.

So God, you 'just left it?' 
Heaven on Earth by
Pagans
Again, another great #MotivationMonday opportunity missed... timing my friend, timing 
Is that any reason to not try to make it better?
Only if we give up 
As if this world exists! It’s all an illusion. Your myth is busted.
Lumberjack
It is up to all of us to make a better world, not just one leader.We begin the change.We are capable to push ourselves past the challenges that seem to be in front of us.Have faith,have hope, trust that you will succeed& we will #together
Too late now, i believe humans are capable of doing whatever they want. every label have taught people: "me" and "them" but "we";
people are more likely to do what they want(don't care) despite the truth(cant admit or learn or don't want to)
Only hope: educated future generation
It is never too late. We are all broken, and we can all be healed. Understanding the power we do have to overcome the hate to make peace is the first step. Go with strength my friend. We shall do this #together
#together Yes! Thank you soo much for positive vibes, that is a better and quickiest solution for mankind. We need more people like you. Thank you so much for you kind and true words! Wish you best, hope we gain enough community to spread this message 
There are many more people that believe in the power of positive but we only hear of those wanting to burn the world down. We all have the power to be part of great change, including yourself. #dotherighhtthing #helpyourneighbour #supporteachother #gratitude
Writing in the sky is truly an art. It was perfect.
Told ya so....
Yeah and mankind's fixation on your ilk didnt hep
The peeps will get er done m Man....no worries..
Yo
Mi-ra-cle! Mi-ra-cle! Mi-ra-cle! (preferrably involving Trump. and if you’re already in the giving spirit, Jared too)
This soy infestation is on you man.
Can i have that represented as a percentage?
You could improve the likelihood and not have kids Javabum.
God you're cynical!
Tell me. Are you the God or a God?
"Healing the universe is an inside job" - John Heard in "Mindwalk"
RT @TheTweetOfGod: A better world is possible but extremely unlikely.
Sometimes life has to burn off the old so the new soil can be healthy again. Adapt or extinction or rapture 
Why is it unlikely ?
I so disagree
Not with the govts in place around the world.
So I take it you're a chalice is half-empty kind of God?
He tweets like a drunk god. So, I guess his chalice is always full.
World will be a better place with out religion and with HUMANITY
Which world war any religion was responsible for? Religion is not the issue but ur attitudes, dispositions, desires, interests, egos
If not a world war, but the world is in constant war with fanatics created by so called religion
They would exist anyway, just with a different excuse.
You are right, humans can’t get over their greed, that ruins everything.
your kids big day is April first-good oneGood to know you havent lost your sense of humor,Big Kahuna.Easter on #AprilFoolsDay OMG,G.Rotflmfao Amen.
with THAT attitude, it is......:D
lead us oh lord
Thanks, God.
Is heaven a place on earth?
#belindacarlisle said so.
Then, Make it so No.1. Engage.
Once you break an egg, it’s probably not going to return to its original form. Not impossible, mind you, but highly improbable.
Hi god.  Thanks for all your help so far making the hemp plastic house happen. Im so down with your policy of only helping those who help themselfs. Keep up the good work. Thanks for going   on twitter so we can hear what you really have to say.
If i could ask god just one question it would be this. Why do you follow @justinbieber ?
It is possible and likely and certain. Get you facts right
Sad to say, but I must agree with you.
Yup. We are focked.
It's likely,,, the New world...I mean heaven!!!  will be here soon
come on God...you can wiggle your nose or something..can't you??
I have to call you in this one God...respectfully disagree.
Worth a try though eh
I know one... Guess what?
Well you forgot to kiddie lock lock the weapons cupboard , now even little bro kimmie has got in there an his big bros are not happy at all about that , sort ya bloody kids out will ya.
For As long as god rules heads instead of nature leading  hearts
Just like You.
Not with your crazy loon followers. You should rapture them already so us normals can start to fix this mess.

please show us the math
Your son just got crucified in Africa
It will never change until we stop worshiping greed.
Given Your plan, I'd say so.
Kill the money system, only knowledge based system.
Have faith!
For once... I think god might actually exist.. . And I agree with him..
Don't be affraid to try. If you fail i'll destroy you and your universe anyway.
Maybe we needed more sacrificing.
Good God.
Lighten up, it’s Easter
Out of bed the wrong side again I see God.
Admit, you screwed up.
Dang
Dear God, in the spirit of the season.. Forgive us mere mortals and help us make this world better, preferably you mean more peaceful not more clubs/sex shops/booze?! 
Not to sound age-ist, but have you considered retirement?
Again, because you're lazy AF.  Dude, if you worked at my company, you'd be fired for not producing anything of value. Uh, last time I heard you could create world peace, but nooooo... too effing lazy. Sheesh!
Weren’t you supposed to be mourning today?
Not so sure. Progress is a bit like British roads, full of potholes, but you get there eventually, though your shock absorbers might get knackered
At least we agree on something.
Amen
A more peaceful world could be right around the block though we are builders building a better world.
Dear God,
You gave us a perfect world with great diversity, abundance, beauty, pure air, waters, food and balance.
Then You put humans on it. 
It might be time for you to rethink that so the planet can heal itself. 
Just sayin’......
Can you help me find my keys? I’m late for work and I have a 9 AM abortion to perform.
So you're gonna just Pangloss over the details?
Fuck it, I'm moving to satanism.  God is just too dark sometimes.
Why.....?
You could create another one and not make the same mistakes oh Lord 
All we are saying, is Give Peace A Chance.
Very Old Testament
The odds improve if Your followers would chill for a while.
You’re not helping!
The man awakened does not believe in the thing called the State and sees no justification for all the acts of violence performed in the name of the State: therefore he cannot participate in them.TolstoyThe law of love and the law of violence
Aw, c’mon! Have faith!
Can I still watch redtube in heaven?
If you're in heaven, you need not watch RedTube.
I know  just keep your mouth shut! You're giving the game away 
I'm with @georgecarlin , we are momentary we are a momentary, evolutionary blip. #atheist #Atheism

No God no..please don’t give up. Let’s keep HOPE alive.
Will you let us know for sure one way or the other on April Fool's Day, errr, Easter?
Look dude you are the source of our hope. Don’t you dare give up on us. Especially today of all days #goodfriday
You have a great sense of humor. After all, you created man.
I prefer Einstein's quote: "Reality is just an illusion, albeit a persistent one".
If you didn't insist people believed in your silly books the world would most definitely be a better place.
About time you tell them the truth - this is all there is and it's heaven and hell all at the same time.
D U D E!   chill
We will pray for it but not do shit to make it happen.
Omniscient Optomist
God, you should read Steven Pinker‘s latest book. In the long run things are getting better. We just got to keep working at it.
the world will never be better till people fix the crap that is broken inside of them, if everyone did that, the better world would come about without any effort
That would be The Second Law of Thermodynamics at work.
Because of #ridulousReligion
I wouldn't so trust in that God who follow only Justin Bieber. There's hope
Gotta keep striving!
You are wrong, God!
It’s time to request justice dept to appoint a counsel for finding yr misdeeds.
well then the odds should be on my side. because if extremely unlikely negative things can happen, then so can extremely unlikely positive things. Balance @NahkoBear. I'm doing my best to believe
That is what they said about my team’s chances in winning the footy today. And you know what happened don’t you.
RE: "A better world is possible but extremely unlikely"

So this is NOT the best of all possible worlds?
- just asking for a philosopher, mathematician, librarian friend from Leipzig

By the way, Blaise asks what precisely is the likelihood of a better world?
Polymath's Questions
No thanks to you
Oh, God... please tell me, do you speak Russian???
C’mon God.  Do something
How about just a better planet?!
Are you saying it doesn’t already exist? #multiverse
We could do better if we had a better god guiding our mislead souls
Just like your existence.
Stop this free will nonsense, or is it too late?
So are you, but we love you anyway.
Does @THEGaryBusey write your tweets for you?
Come on surely we can conceive of a better world than where we are at now? Let’s aim for the next step at least????
I blame dolphins
Well, there's that Mars thing...
Time to start over with just animals
I'll go pray today for a better one. Hope you are listening.
@ThatBloke_Jesus  you two should meet!
Hey, God, Happy Passover 
Hey..I read that on my magic 8 ball
You funny.
Damnit @TheTweetOfGod why did you put the damned tree of knowledge there if you didn't want us to eat it?

A place for everything and everything has its place.
You can never please all of the people all of the time 
awwwh common man
god promoting earth again or is it airth/

~1011
There’s that positive Easter message. #omniscient
Especially with Trump still sitting.
I'm deeply commited to make it worse, believe me!
Amen to that
Be the change you want to see in the world
goddy you a nigga or a white man?

Especially with you still creepin in 2018 God.
That'll be the deity.....Boz
Once people accept that we are all just slightly evolved monkeys on a spinning rock in a vast void, maybe they’ll chill a little?
Because of people like you #wannabeGod
Because the world is going through political and religious satire .
God, Are you still playing dice with the world? You're always in pissy  mood.
"Heal the world. Make it a better place, for you and for me and the entire gen.. - M Jacson
Dear God, Read "Enlightenment Now" by Steven Pinker and you may be willing to update your statement from "extremely unlikely" to just "unlikely".
Your fault.
Karallii Rabbiiatia
  il flow with this one
Does it get better? Everyone has this utopian concept, but we do have 32 flavors of ice cream.

I thinks highly unlikely until we are extinct
A better God is possible but extremely unlikely.
A better world is unlikely but doable
@TheTweetOfGod then why did you give us #freewill ?
Way to go... Giving us the option of choice and then #bitch about that we didn‘t chose what you wanted us to choose.
Seriously: should we prepare for another #flood ?
Sam Harris doesn't subscribe to the notion of free will (nor of God). His choice, I guess 
Better for which organism?
Don't be defeatist God 
I never told about you since you are on Twitter, which is already very unlikely...
So you're not sure? You're not really God, are you?
Bruh what’s w the platypus
Can we return it in an unused condition?
Well, that's true. Most of the people are habitual to this existing world full of love & without corruption 
My deepest sympathy, Sir!
Check out the tweet above yours on my timeline! I think you are right! 
Make it happen you punk
Yes..when Christ returns and you are no longer on twitter
We got this.

But I need more lightning here.    

Please...

Thanks in advance.
:)
Friends — with or without the lightning — we will win.     :)
Without Your divine creation perhaps?
Yes if we get those dann humans of the planet

aahhh! Don't cry God! You damn, you, pull yourself together 
Haha
Thank you God.
And who needs a better world now. Can you at least bring the APOCALYPSE..... Now
Not according to Leibniz.
Really? Not even with all the ‘thoughts and prayers’ from the U.S?
That's because of you. Your creativity on creation was bad. Why didn't you create a world with no pain but only gain and you allowed nature's rage.
Wake up and shine its a beautifull day......
So...you’re saying this is the best you could do? Have you tried turning it off and then on again?

Worth a punt though?
You sure are a pessimist
Be careful  the Roman soldiers are looking for you.
If people would just realize it’s not who has been voted into government that is in charge but the economy and corporations...

You don’t need to wait to vote; you vote every day with your dollars. The world is geared for your debt. One person can make a difference. Spend wisely.
Pressure the corporations through their own products. It’s very simple because everything they do is based on delivering revenue, so they can keep investors happy. 

They are mining data to better sell you on their advertising; sell them instead! Don’t buy fake needs...
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
