wait.... do we get to pick?  Or does some random guy die when we hit retweet?
Ditto
Retweet and hope for the best.
Sure.....
ARE YOU QUESTIONING GOD???
Of course. I question forests
How about killing women?
Whatever you wanna do bro
You volunteering?
Aslong as i can make you a sandwhich first
What u want on it
Roast beef with BBQ sauce.
Okay, coming up.

Can i kill god?
God is already dead. Nietzsche said so.
What if i don't believe in Nietzsche?
Touché.
Of my choosing?
No, always His. To be fair, Dad will kill them regardless.
God damnnit. Oh, wait. Sorry! Sorry!
Wait.  I thought his son was @LokiLoptr
I'm first. Justin is second. And my d-bag dad plays favorites.
Sure, dad. Follow your second-born son BUT NOT your first.

Fuckin douchebag. 
Oh, I watch "Lucifer".  I know who he calls Dad.

Can I kill you?
We can always kill a guy but its the aftermath where you get arrested , makes things difficult.


Now that's the news I long to see on @maddow & @Lawrence 
The whole world would be rejoicing about @realDonaldTrump 's demise.
Dear God...should I put the lethal dose of salmonella and listeria in the lettuce, sesame seeds, burger or special sauce? Asking for a friend
Can he be Cheeto in color ?
Bad spray tan???  I sense you are trying to figure this out without sounding/looking like a douche. Legit kudos!
Following both @TheTweetOfGod  and @s8n is like having both of them sit on your shoulders and whisper things in your ears and you don't know whom to listen to.
I'd hate to be a third wheel in your follow-fest.
Give us some credit. We’re really good at killing a guy without permission.
You humans did a bang-up job with me.
Or should I say "hang-up job"?

A-holes.
Only if it can be a guy with a micro Cheeto dick who wants to date his daughter but settles for a porn star named after the weather.
Didn’t ask for info. See the ‘it’s a sin dude’
Only if I can off a Republican.
This is a perfect example of why they can’t make progress....
they all keep getting murdered! but the fake news media wont report it!
Evidently there is more progress than I realized. Surprise!
If I copy and paste to tweet do I get multiple murder-passes??? Asking for a friend.

Trump? Is that you??
how bout suicide?
He would defiantly say get for it if you were serious enough to ask...
well noted, thank you
You might just be joking, but please don’t kill yourself. I know how depression and pain can be hidden behind self-deprecating and self-harming jokes.
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline:1-800-273-8255
Thank you. But have you ever feel the circle of life is just “work-sleep-get stressed-rest-repeat until death”. I do, and now, I dont feel comfortable to experience it for years. But thank you.
I will use this in court
I crack myself up
You killed me.
So we're at more than 1000 innocent people with families condemned to death now. Yup, this is exactly what I died for.
Refer your list to me.
God is the head, i’m just His accomplice. You can also talk to @s8n for more job promos.
Eternal life and a lifetime immunity to hellfire.
You are asking the man that ensured the absolute possibility that you could be born why he exists?? Where’s that list again.,...
He is a man..... do you think he doesn’t look like a man? Unless that’s a low blow, but I love that I look like my father.
I don’t want to kill but I had to rt.

Thou shall not kill
Yeah ... that's why he's delegating.
Dibs on Trump
You can't choose. You'll just kill a mother of 3 chosen by Dad if you retweet.
I killed a lot already.
Do u follow satan
I have no choice. He should be following me too. 
Can i retweet more than once?
Seems Rumplestilskin-y. 
I want too make sure I get to pick the guy.
Nope. Just roll the dice and see which family man died in a fire tomorrow morning.
Sure, Dad. But who chooses the guy?

See, a couple thousand years and I'm on to your tricks.
Can i have a death note?
I have a http://coupon.Do  i get 2?
You have confused #tRump with this offer.
Thanks God. You really do listen to my prayers.
pick me
Is it...uhhh...can this offer be used for prior actions?

Asking for a friend
Going great actually
Does this answer your question?

Are you ok?

You sent me to be killed, Dad.
Narrowing my list down to one may take up a lot of my day.
Only a day?
This has already been retweeted nearly 2,400 times. How many more people want to eliminate someone? #divinepermission #ihopeimnotonsomeoneshitlist
2 mins of silence to all those who actually believed in it.
So how’s this work?
You always has had the power to kill a man. God just wants you to RT. Don't question him and RT!
@ProfClxm I'm coming bitch
I mean...you can try...
God said I could
But you don't  bel...nvm
I may not believe in Him but I follow His Twitter account so I get all the benefits of His existence
You got a point...
@NRA Way Hose.
I dont wanna

I don't want to kill anyone lol
If I retweet from my alt account, do I get another one?
Unfortunately stupid Twitter won't allow me to retweet more than once.
This must be the bigliest crowd ever, in the history of the human race to kill one man?
Kinda sad how many retweets your getting. If I like this post, can I get a one time use “Get Out of Being Stabbed” card?
Lets be frank, we all picked the same guy


I’m coming for you, Trump. Just you wait.
See... This is why you can't have nice things. 
Can we pick the guy or is more of an Abraham and Isaac situation?
Pence!...no Trump!......no, Pence...no no...Trump...
I pick Tupac for tricking me.
will we be trapped in purgatory for a stint?
Thou should not kill!
Hajajajhajahaaaaa!!
Just because you can doesn't mean you should didn't you learn anything from Adam

Of course I mean...

The vine
Daghighan :))
Amen!
How do you deal with being omnipotent in an expanding infinite universe. I need to know
The universe is not 14.8 light years is it. What is out there beyond
Cause everyone was intentionally told the truth about what is out there... not withholding info to be deceitful, no family member wants to deal with this type of nonsense anymore
Only god can know for sure
Are you serious???? I mean your not just yanking my chain for a few million years?imgine what would happen to that guy... yikes!
For that? You? A new chain will work just as good. Big hug!!
It would be an Enduring chain. There is a long way to go.
Read the fine print what's the fine print say
Yeah they say the devil's in the fine print
Wasn’t this a black mirror episode
God please. Your inner Satan is showing.
Ditto
Even you know who???
Call back your #reservation system from India, O Old Man! Please RT to save your #Dharma
My god is a forgiving God.
I don't need this I have plan 

#WildWildCountry #maanadsheela #Rajneeshpuram #Rajneesh #Netflix #bhagwan
My son is crazy. He thinks he's Jesus.
Do we get to pick or is it a lotery situation?
Not a problem. God died for my sins.
Keeping this in a back pocket.
Sometimes you don't behave like God. Is there any way we can impeach you?
Dont know if ill ever need this but i think it would hold up in court
If this was really God's Tweet, the word would be "smite".
Oh God, you are hilariously horrible. LMFAO
How many kills every tweet. Fine print pls
Someone will use this with the prosecutors as a defense strategy.
.... So, Calvanism is the true way then.

Is there like a limit or is it based on what society defines as a "guy" or "human"?
Can i take a reign check?
@BrendanMcM1
You must've retweeted this 14 years ago
Honestly can't believe I didnt see that coming
No thank you!
You know what, don't tempt me?
Hey, were you behind that whole apple fiasco?
Technically, "fruit". Even more technically, all Eve's fault.
Ummm. So says you. God, what says you?
OMG! This is like the magic 8 ball!!
Can I see the terms and conditions, please.
Can we pick the guy?
We used to ask our high school English teacher if we can go to the bathroom. She said of course we can but we should have asked "may" we go to the bathroom. This tweet is a trap. Of course we can kill a guy but may we?
I hope your cleverness earns you a pearly gate pass! Well done!
If the almighty will allow it I would like to have a day pass. Take the tour, see how the water pressure is before I fill out the haven application for one of the town homes. BTW God, how many @DennysDiner restaurants do you have? Cause that's important for deciding my afterlife.
Ah ... Eggs Over My Hammy beats out halo over the head? Relateable.... also, I hate that one single jacka$$ has ruined the verb 'trump' (and every game of Soades in my future) for all time.
Vais matar quem?
UPS
Diz-me, eu não conto a ninguém.
ISTO ERA ENTRE MIM E DEUS, CATARINA
Deus também lê as nossas conversas privadas, ou pensas que não?
Achas?
Acho que é isso que omnipresente e omnisciente significam, Maria..
Eu acho que é contraditório. Se és omnisciente há sítios onde não queres estar. Ou não?
How can I retweet this multiple times? Like in the millions?
Nice try, FBI. Not getting me today.
Before I commit to a RT, I need a little clarification. Who chooses? Do I get to pick, or is it just some random dude?
I can already do it but I won't do it because of the consequences.
Can I retweet 3 times 
Is that a retrospective sin , Dear God ?
I can kill whoever I want or there are restrictions
On behalf of all of our ancestors, I don’t think it fair that you didn’t create Twitter 10,000 years ago.
Sadly as of the time of this tweet over 4,000 people have taken you up on this offer. I'm devastated.
You already gave us freewill, man. We can kill whenever we want
Wait, isn't this your deal?
What's the catch?
Can we pick or do you?
Oh God 
God told me to do it
This is a test and any of you who fell for it are going to be having fun with @s8n
And corporations ARE people. Right?
Can i choose Trump?
I can think of one person... better be careful...esp with whats going on with FB.
Good thing this s between me &God...
i know what americans are thinking of whom that guy is.
I pick #45 for my retweet
Thanks. Just thanks. Thanks an awful lot for this. Good God.
Like... with my mind? Or do I have to actually physically do the deed?
Any guy or just some random guy?
Any guy?
Do I get to pick the guy?
Good guy with a tweet. OKAAAYYY!
Is this retroactive?
Gender inequality .... Come on @TheTweetOfGod you should be better then this...
Hmmm... How to kill a God .. N my bad.. I have ask a God this question
Damn, there’s almost 4000 retweets! Apparently a whole bunch of people needed to kill someone.
It's a trap!
Can I retweet like 5 timrs... asking for a friend
I’ll just like this tweet. I think that empowers me to at least slap someone without any trouble
Which guy?
The BFF one(s)?
LOL, you’re killing me @TheTweetOfGod
I’m new flower god  but why just Justin Bieber
Limited time offer?
Wonder if anyone has picked you off for being sexist and not giving the chance to kill a girl.
As you've done throughout the history of mankind.
Too late. Forgive me?
Take it easy God. Destroying what took millions of years to evolve into something as magnificent as me is not smart.
Do I get to pick? Oh and just one? No BOGO or coupon?  Asking for a friend.
Now now God you must have had a Shit sleep last night. You need a new Memory foam Cloud I Think. Go online An see if u can find a bargain!

Can this be in retrospect? Cuz you would be saving me big time.
@Vile0z
I don’t need your approval.
Donald Trump
Who picks the guy?
But I don’t know anyone named guy
Not gonna happen.
dafuckyousaykillaguy?
Sorry- no dark mark being placed on my soul in the name of GOD.
Just make sure they label me as ‘troubled’. Not terrorist. Because I’m white and you know...we got each other’s backs
sweet
Even God can kill for RT *sigh* 
Dear God, we all have off days, maybey you should have a chat to your son before you tweet today.
Can this be used retroactively? Asking for a friend...
Um.. Does it have to be a guy?
Nope
I saw this black mirror episode. No thanks
Could I be that guy
Your choice of who or mine?
#TRUMPHIJOEPUTA
NO!Ain't killin no one
One guy that's good for now! Thank you God 
That God and his always wanting you to kill someone. Hilarious.
Is this a trick?  
please kill "ahmad janati" borned in Iran
Tempting.
LMAO. Can I get this in writing? I mean, something more official than Twitter?
just one?  damnn it!
Is this a Black Mirror episode?
I can kill a guy without re-tweeting this. The point is will you forgive me if I kill a guy and retweet?
Did it! Thanks. Wow messy.
Can we pick a lucky ‘winner’?
The trump clan
Is there a retweet limit per person?
What if everyone retweeting this is after the same guy?
This is god turning his game of sims, into the hunger games
Yup. 6 to 75 already.
How this actually works:

Click the like button to protect someone else;

Click the retweet button to submit your own life to @deathissavage lottery.
I chose to click like but not RT.
Retweet this and you can kill a guy.
THIS IS BLASPHEMY
Looks like your account hacked by allah
No: plagiarized.
Can I save it for when I meet you?
Do I get to choose the guy, or is it a random guy?
Humm, just more temptation I suppose.
could i kill myself ?
 wow. Just wow...
You’re gonna have to pull out the ole Easter trick a lot bc a ton of people have the same President in mind.
No..then that scraps plausible deniability
Is this what people used to kill each other in the past?
No: rocks.
Old school method, and almost as effective as retweeting.
Twitter: the evolution of smiting.

Always wondered what the past tense of that word is.
Smited? Smote? 

What's the adjective for the smitee?
Smitten? Smut?

So many questions, so few churches that let me in as a result.
I think it's smote. But then again there's no definitive way to find out. guess it's going to be one of those unanswered questions.
Really God,why are you following Justin Bieber only??
LoL
Can it be 45?
@FBI - read this tweet. Talking about assassinating @realDonaldTrump
Nice.
It didn't work don't trust him
Why can I only rt this once?
6.9k liked this
6.1k RT'd this
Is this your way to inform the @FBIWFO @CIA & @INTERPOL_Cyber of those who should be put on their watch list of potential shooters & other terrorists?
Do I get to choose who, or do you assign it?! (Asking for a friend)
Well here’s hoping. I’m showing this to Saint Peter if I ever make it to the gates. Haha
Can i kill two if i both rt and like?
I liked this. Can I really badly hurt someone?
can i kill a girl (or several) instead?
Can I count myself?
I want to kill you.
And be the new Satan @s8n
Any guy?
I kill'em with kindness.
What if trans woman
Ok 
If God says it’s ok then......
And they blame me for going to hell and doing mischievous acts...
Uuh, can I pick the guy?
Finally gonna murder my boyfriend.
Is there a limit on retweets?
Will this hold up in court?
If I retweet it multiple times can I kill multiple people?
How would this affect my soul?
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
