Its only a mile to heaven?

Heaven is only a mile away?
This Gary Smith piece is wonderful.
So I'm thinking who owns the mile record...who cares? Kind of like the heavyweight championship. Getting old.
Hicham El-Gourough
I looked it up too. 1999.
Wonderful
You devil/evil(septic bee bat/bad jinn/mostly used for mind control-possessed weeping) didn't informed you?! Me*!!!!_Slave of GOD/ALLAH WILL burn you and you leads including all follower/evildoers 500 Trillion time GOD^ALLAH Is The only INFINE GREATEST 1
You devil/evil(septic bee bat/bad jinn/mostly used for mind control-possessed weeping) didn't informed you?! Me*!!!!_Slave of GOD/ALLAH WILL burn you and you leads including all follower/evildoers 500 Trillion time GOD^ALLAH Is The only INFINITE GREATEST 1
I don’t think that’s the way it works
Hope you gave him a heavenly medal!
My tribute to Sir Roger Bannister: 
"Roger Bannister’s True Legacy. Another Roger Building Similar Legacy"

You may read it here: http://bit.ly/tribute-to-roger-bannister …
You are Blasphemous against my God!!!!
good one!!!
Just under
Well spotted.
Its confirmed then...Heaven is just a mile away :)
Ya just beside my house
God Speed
Haha 1 mile up
Was he coming from sea level? You make people run to heaven? We need context. Explain this ‘joke.’
Roger Bannister was the first to break 4:00 minutes for the mile
Non-runners: Collective "ohhhhhhhh"
I’m a veritable storehouse of useless information
I was one of those scratching my head. Thanks for explaining
Why!!!
Another record by the great man which will be hard to beat.
I would imagine that David Ogden Stiers arrived in quick time as well.
actually #SteveJobs  was the one who arrived in #Quicktime .... get it?
R.I.P. to all three...
Good one
Predestination?
Direction is more important than speed
You devil/evil(septic bee bat/bad jinn) didn't informed you?! Me*!!!!_Slave of GOD/ALLAH WILL burn you and you leads including all follower/evildoers 500 Trillion time GOD^ALLAH Is The only INFINE GREATEST 1
@JeffreyLuke  Some good news... 
That made my morning!

Not as fast as Flo Jo. Too soon?
Or one Mooch.
Sure and then , so many others followers.
Just like you have.
Was that the psychological barrier to be broken ?
Were you always there ? Never mind , I'll ask the Universe, Or the Black Holes, that'll be the day , ouch
Did he pass ur exams for heaven: p? Plz retweet if he went to heaven or hell @TheTweetOfGod

Heaven is a mile-high club!
God.
1q
Please awdarsh shrivastav ko like kari
Dammit, you could have told Belinda Carlisle:

Ooooh baby, do you know what that's worth?
Ooooh heaven is a mile away

Doesn't really rhyme.
Did he get his 42 virgin tonics ?
How long do people who use golf carts take?

That's impressive speed of admission Documentation and formality.
Roger Gilbert Bannister's a British Athlete, You Took him in to heaven. amen. God's power.
But shall leave for Hell,once his Heaven sojourn is over.
Stop. In the name of Love.
Jeez God... you don't have to call him Sir...
Wonderfully timed
Did he reached there running?
What? @OSS_team @HeV @towelthetank
I have it on good authority that it actually took 88 years ...and 4 minutes.
He had to run up the stairs though
Staff  @Justo3590
 
And then he saw a patient
Will he have to pee in a bottle?
That didn’t take long.. whose next?
Nicely done God. I hear St Peter gave him special treatment jumping the queue to get him in the gates in time.
#BannisterSpeed
Very nice tweet indeed!
any sign of Graham yet?
Best tweet ever!
Great one.
Did you get that on tape?

Wonderful Tweet!
Trump may need longer.
Trump is going to hell mate!

Empire Games Vancouver 1954
3:59 exactly
So it’s about a mile away then.
How long did it take Donald Campbell?
Hopefully he’ll laugh at that.
So you’re just a mile away? Cool, I guess.
But what about @Slain987?
That's a good time
Prolly died listening to Sunday radio. Seriously, God, can't you DO something about this amdient pablum? Is this another one of SATAAAAN's 1st lies He got us to believe? God doesn't listen to the goddamn radio on Sunday? Come on, Man, no more Buddhist Jazz Fusion knowhatimsane
3:59.4?
3:59.6 to be precise
It was probably a new wr today for our hero.
Damn, you're good! 
Who holds the record time?
@jimmyhewson87
Meanwhile #BillyGraham is still burning in hell.
Too soon!
Thought and feeling appreciated, but I guess I'd still want to take a bit longer. But then I suppose its me appreciating the journey more than the destination
god don't allow my dad dream
It’s not official unless Norris McWhirter confirmed that.
I miss when you were funny
:)
He is saying that heaven is no further than 1 miles away
From Merton to heaven in less time than it takes to brew a decent cuppa and achieved without the sports technology or sponsorship of a global slave wage paying sports empire.
He could of gotten to hell in two minutes then.
.
.
.
.
What? It’s down hill was all I’m saying.
So are you saying heaven is less than a mile away ?

What about our friend Davide Astori who died today at 31?
The handrail to Heaven?
Kinda slow
Sad that you’ll promote a tweet of one of the Legends. A passing isn’t a laugh@Nidhi
If it was a Cricketer, you’d have been trolled. A Shewag tweet can be a subject of a monologue. Some regrets @Nidhi
Sad... & not even funny.
RIP Roger.
good god roger flies
Are you that close? Just a mile from here to heaven?!
Why do you repeat yourself?
What's the rush, he will be there a long time.
Brilliant!
Did he take the stairs?
What kind of music do you play in heaven?  If shit, I’ll take another route.
Excellent! Can you please give us the status of #DavidOgdenStiers
Please inform God that in correct English we say fewer than four minutes ago. Less is for things you cannot count.
which means the heaven is less than a mile away? even less than the medium earth orbit [MEO] ?
So heaven is technically a kilometer away?
A mile!!!
 metrics just read funnier.
When R U going to take Trump to hell ?
Hope all is well... oh god pls don’t say now you are busy enough... when you are going to bless me... you are only my faith
Is that good?
@joecrook96
He may be early, bit of a runner. 
Godspeed
Too soon
God. Speed.
Score! At last we know how far away it is! Don't suppose you'd want to confirm that whole angels/head of pin thing while you're at it...
what is jesus's record in heaven olympics?
God it's nice to Get Some Good News From You!  Gods Speed Roger.
That's a really nice tribute 
Now he’s free to run with Pre!
The very least it suggests that maker of this riddle liked Sir Roger Bannister. 2nd assumption is heaven is just a mile away.
Is this a record?
Comments like this make me wish you exist.
Did he break a sweat?
Tell em what happened to Billy Graham...  go on! 
Fewer than four minutes... Please do not smite the messenger.
I’m hanging around here for awhile and scare a few people if that’s ok I’ll be taking requests.
I didn't realize that heaven was only a mile away.
Mrs Bannister was forever less impressed
How in the hell do you know?
So if heaven was only a mile away, what do you call sprinters who passed away? 
Members of the Mile High Club ;-)
And you let him in?
He was awesome.
Gee god ! the Falcon heavy is awesome  !!!
Heaven is only a mile away!?
This is one of your better Tweets.
He didn't stop for a Pint on the way?
Good Show!!
When is wenger's turn ?!
Reading about Sir Roger got me interested in running 50 years ago- of course never a 4 min miler but still plodding along. Godspeed Sir
I ran a mile in 3: 57 I was faster but not world record
first sub-four-minute mile
Were you all SmileS when he was coming over?
I think it was  fraction of a second.
And, what did Bannister do in these four minutes?
When you spend eternity there, what does it matter?
On the stairway to heaven he would be holding on to his most useful eponymous invention.
Another great old white male.
I'm shocked that heaven is only one mile up. But now that I think on it, one mile does make sense. You have folks up there in heaven looking at their loved ones below. You don't want the distance to be that far.
Heaven is the True Mile High Club.
Did he give St Peter the runaround?
So now we know you are four light minutes away or less...on Venus?
You’re assuming that a soul has mass! :)
God could also use wormholes...he can do anything don’t forget...but I take your point.
God you’re funny. Sometimes
What was the hold up?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Javerbaum …
So by this logic we expect Edwin Hubble to arrive there in what ... 13.6 Billion?

Oh that’s good!
But naked I assume...?

Good to hear.
Proving, once again, that heaven is closer (yet farther) than you think.
Let's see how long it takes the other way with Trump. 
He gonna fall with terminal velocity
Blessed be the pacemakers
This is awesome.
Glad to know Heaven is only a mile away.
With DJT leading our country, good to know heavens not 2 far since he’s probably going to start WW 3
My grandfather used to run with him.  Both were amazing men.
@chrispill5027 
What a legend  such a sad day 
Is heaven real? Can you please settle this debate? Lol
Rapture Running..

Did he take the elevator or the hyperloop
Sorry, unofficial time. No live witnesses.
You make him do a lap of honour?
Is it redundant to say god speed?
Do famous people get to skip ahead of the line before they are judged?
Is heaven in Brooklyn?
What was his speed ? Did you measure that ?
your not going there
So is heaven only a mile away ?
Yes, but downwards.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
