The road to hell is paved with good intentions
Yes
Don't make anyone evil, life is a boomerang - evil returns.
Hell and heaven doesn’t exist. Only what you believe it makes you stronger, happy, unhappy etc.
Don't You Believe In God, Paul ???
So, all humans, ever lived??
... and vice versa for the heaven!!
WORD and not from the bible either!!!
Hahahaha, or those who wanted to be in office
ily paul see u in 7 days
Isnt that the damn truth !
#Beelzebub: Get ready!
wood bee I suphose, exkews me from the blast o my ass
That's Islam. The only religion that doesn't guarantee you heaven just for believing in it...If hell doesn't exist then what happens to jack the ripper?!
That's stupid, "God".
Hell is reserved for those who think it exists. The lowest rungs for those who think you’ll go there if you don’t. 

*not mine, don’t remember who said it. Too lazy to google.
Crap!


What about me I know I'm going there. Can ya lend a brother a helping hand?
They're the toothless Bible thumpers.
You have no idea how many ppl have told me that im going to hell  look whos laughing now bitches
I’m pretty sure you know it exists... you sent me there remember??
Dear God I love the way you throw out your thoughts and await the chaos they cause. Do you have another twitter account you use to to be amongst us recognised ?
...and that would mean that hell is almost exclusively Republican without regard to nationality or geographic point of origin.
Or probably mostly French and Dutch people. Hm. Guess I'll go to hell
What about Jesus, Jesus said a lot people would go to hell, would he go to hell too?

"others" are those who reject the Savior Jesus Christ!!
O no..... :( :(
Even if hell did exist, I apparently would be going there with my husband in a hand basket. 2 thoughts, first of all my pagan friends and coven mates will be drumming & dancing around the fire nekkid, second of all wasn't Moses found in a hand basket?
God,  you're pithy 
2. You live fearing and obeying God  as the Bible directs you & you die finding that HELL exist, you won't lose anything cause you were obeying the Word in the Bible. 

3. If you die & you find that there's no HELL,no Heaven. no one will be burnt for eternity. So choose God.
What if you thought yourself was going to hell
If that's true, then only Trump supporters will be going to heaven because I'm pretty sure the rest of humanity feels quite certain, that Donnie is indeed going to straight to hell.

Oh please... If ifs and buts were candy and nuts you would have a brain...
I see what you did there...

So, evangelicals, then?
amen to that 
Mainly Republicans.
That would be known as "Earth".... [[[the holy ghost]]]
Therefor it's inhabited by You, God. Look at your Verses.
Um. It is. :-P
Ironic and somehow fitting. That does seem like a God engineered deal.
@s8n  can you confirm this?
"If hell existed." You're not supposed to plant seeds if doubt. Duh.
Satan seems like a nice guy I would want to go to hell because of that. I could sleep on his bedroom floor. It'll be like a fun slumber party.
By the measurements of heaven listed in the Bible, physically it will have reached maximum capacity in 16th century, according to #Ripley. No other place to go...
I doubt such a realm has such limits.  Perhaps the fundies of #cult45 hope Trump can expand it vertically...
Feel sad for trump supporters!
And weebs
That would be everyone! That's just fine... give me all the work.  Luckily, since Trump took office, every week is infrastructure week down here. So, we're expanding our little gated community.  We're calling the expansion 'The West Wing'.
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin
Saint Bernard of Clairvaux wrote (c. 1150), "L'enfer est plein de bonnes volontés ou désirs" (hell is full of good wishes or desires) ....old quote... Nothing has improved since then....
If you forgive all sins then why do we go to hell??
why is god following @justinbieber
Yeah, it's Strange, why not Beyonce or Mary j Blige or maraiah Carey or why not even Bruce Springsteen or ozzy ousbourne
well, i would want only those who wanted others to go there to go there. We should give a break to those who were misled innocently into belief. That would be the main difference between me and the biblegod. Understanding.
My idea of Hell, is a Heaven filled with hellish people, inhospitably harping on about how heavenly Heaven is, making Hell sound like a heavenly haven from the hell of Heaven.
Oh you.....God you!!!!
What if I think others are going to heaven?
Hells where the party at.
So pretty much everyone alive then
But we are all dead inside
So this is hell? I always knew!
 Good thing for me, it doesn't 
Why didn't you post this a few days earlier when I was told it's a true statement and isn't antisemitic that Jews are going to hell?
I think he's correcting the record. 
Also, Keep kicking ass. I appreciate you.
Imaginary morals won't keep anyone out of an imaginary place
I think people have the wrong idea about God, I think if God exists he isn't interested in helping anyone he gave us life, the world and everything we need to survive in it.
I think if God is real he doesn't give a shit about us. He never seems to stop child molestation or rape.
If heaven existed it would be inhabited exclusively by those who lived as if it didn't exist.
Look at the brighter side. Hell and heaven. Punishment and reward without police and a judge.
Lol so true!
Talking from strictly a Christian perspective, it’d just be anyone who hasn’t accepted and doesn’t believe Jesus Christ is their lord and savior, it really has nothing to do with what kind of person they are (just saying what I know, I’m kinda on the fence with religion)
Those who have been saying to us"Go to hell"
God, shouldn’t trump be an exception. If not I am on my way to hell.
ha! ima bout to tell that to my dad.

And apparently anyone who doesn’t enthusiastically embrace a left wing agenda.
To the atheist, this world is the closest thing they will ever get to heaven.  To the theist, this world is the closest thing to hell they will ever experience.
Critical thinkers know that fictional place does not exist, it's a scare tactic for th captured...
How am I just now discovering this account wtf 
Shut up, God!
I am there!
Thank You, I don’t believe it exists.
I sense there's a Spanish barber lurking in there somewhere.

Fucking martet
That's actually an entire chapter of @jimmorrow11's Only Begotten Daughter.
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
the line would be long full of the people who are claiming to be "Christians" now days. I have met atheist who are far nice and much more giving and forgiving and accepting than the hypocrite fake "Christians" now days
Are you sure...”God”....?
Any thoughts on Trump?  Is this punishment to Americans and people around the world for leaving their shopping carts rolling in the parking lot.
Yup. We just threw a "Heaven" sign over the abbatoir and no one knows the difference. Everyone they expected to see is there. Not even the torture tips them off because so many of those deranged bastards are big into BDSM. We did not think that through when we designed the place.
We're in it right now, it's just a matter of time before it all starts burning. I'm glad I know Jesus!
And satin giving the bone to Ricky
M mmm, but it doesn't
Like a moral test perhaps.
If you're mean enough to believe in a hell or a diety who created flawed beings but punishes them with infinite torture.
For a long time I assumed that I was headed to Hell. Then I stopped believing in Heaven & Hell which helped lessen those anxieties until I secretly wished some people went to Hell. But that was just me mistaking eternal damnation for justice. Now I just wish to see them in jail.
There have been people so completely Evil (for want of a better word) who would seem to deserve infinite torture.
Then you have those who would be happy to condemned others to Infinite torture for their (harmless, non invasive) Lifestyle, ideology, culture.
Quite 'Evil' also.
I had to jettison “evil” as a concept some years ago. (But I put it in quotes to contain its power :) A consequence of dropping Heaven, Hell and its unifying principle an all-loving,  knowing God of retribution. So does not having “evil” lessen our ability to seek justice?
I think it focuses our ability to fairly pursue justice.
Modern Laws should always evolve to understand the deeper nature of Morality and the Himan Nature.
Perhaps. It’s use to describe individuals often strike me as a way of avoiding talk of the social & political context that made that individuals “evil” actions possible.
All the bad things we do have Evolutionary precedents in our very early ancestors.
Exacerbated by the complexity of our current existence.
Survival instincts that go wrong.
Then there is mental illness, cultural & ideological programming.
We must evolve new Survival Instincts.
In 200,000 years?
True that
It does, and it wouldn’t.
So, by everyone.

I always thought hell was like a "spring break" spot for the afterlife...you know a place to party and mess stuff up...then back to heaven for hangover Bloody Mary's and cloud chilling 
Yeah baby!
I love you God!
And seemingly happy about it.
Exclusively.... Ummmmm there's holes in that logic.
So, everyone?
And Freddie Mercury
If?
Spot on, @TheTweetOfGod....I love this!!!!
U mean like the #Faux #Evangelicals that have no Problem W/#Trump having affairs & Bombing #Women & #Children in their Sleep?
God doesn't use words like "if".
What do you mean if?
OooOoooo dada
It does exist and it is.
That sounds like judgement.
I personally believe all republicans will be there, which isn't what they're expecting, but @TheTweetOfGod says I will also be there.  Bummer.  Hell for me WOULD be having to spend eternity with republicans.
It's worse than the thought. They actively revel in wishing people to be in hell.
Yeah people like them is a far worst being than any Else beings
Can you stop killing dogs with chocolate please. Everyone deserves a fucking malteaser.
The Trump White House.
 Way ahead of you boss.
and my ex, please include my ex!
thanks God
@BinsackSb whether hell be a real place or state of mind. I'm FOR. SURE IN IT!
Calling BS on this false deity
Isn't that what prayers are for?
And notice they're not white gun loving, flag waving, confederate loving racists
Well, I ready have a reserved seat in Pergatory...LOL
That’s close to what the gospel of Matthew says in chapter 25.
Or by Trump, his confederacy of dunces and crooks, and that’s the one I would end up in. Oh wait!
God. There are lots of people down here speaking on your behalf. Could you tell us a bit more about Franklin Graham, Jim Bakker, Pat Robertson, and Bryan Fischer are really up to?
& the way there’s paved with their ‘good intentions’.
We need 2 take Cole Porter’s song ‘Live & Let Live’ 2
 Talk & let talk, quip & let quip
Dress & let dress, strip & let strip
Live & let live, & remember this line
Your business is your business
& my business is mine 
The old ‘catch 22’
I think it would be inhabited by those out there that are positive that THEY are the ones going the other way.
What do you mean "if"? WTF do you think I've been doing down here since you had a tantrum and kicked me out?
It does exist, it's here on the planet
Why does god look like Santa claus? I always picture her as Great Mother.
not exclusively - there wld also be animal abusers,ie. hunters,experimenters,dog fighters,those in the fur trade and the meat trade. Not to mention the Tories.
No wrong in eating Meat when u're not the killer of it and god actually kill animals to give us food because Meat is the only food he have created for us,if we did not eat than we Would die and if it was wrong than we Would not have been giving it since birth
Ok, so that would be you? Oh sh*t, me now too. Damn.
So,  priests and nuns at Catholic Schools?
Hey, @TheTweetOfGod, I want my seat in Hell! You know I've earned it!
Hell exists and it will be for those who rebelled against the authority of the Most High God. So we all have a choice. We choose wisely.
Well, everyone is god and god is everyone, so god himself rebels against himself With each and everyone of us wich is all of him and that makes god a lunatic and it also means that No one can be punished and be thrown into a hell
What happens when you flaunt the law of nature? There are consequences and that is why we have climate change. Dangerous activities of man caused it. So you can imagine what happens when creation disobey the law of creator.
The creator is it's own creatures,god is everyone at the same time,from angels/humans/aliens/animals/wizards/witches/transhumans/Santa/werewolfs/vampires/elfes/dwarfs/stars/moon/sun/threes/flowers/ocean/snow White,so god maked Those climate and flaunts
Are you serious? Unbelievable. You know what? You are entitled to your beliefs, obviously we don't share the same perspective and believes. I believe in GOD. I rest my case.
It says in the bible that it is Written that everyone is god and god is everyone, god is in everyone and everyone is in god, god is everywhere and everywhere god is so are you, god is everything and everything is god wich means you and everything that exist
What happens if I said “I’m going to hell”
@s8n confirm or deny
What's funny is I had the exact opposite thought. If some of the extremely religious people get into heaven with all of the jugdement, hateful things they spout off then would i WANT to go there? The people they say are going to hell sound like my kind of people.
Not funny,but sarcastically funny and idiotic funny,they have hate,blasphemy,adultery,cheating theyr married one and theyr Kids,sex With animals,Lies,thiefs,robbery,killing,drugs addiction they also pass on too each Other,mockery,rediculing,violence,war
Do I go to hell if I agree with that?!
Yes that’s true
"The Hell Rule states that Hell is reserved for those that believe in it. Further, the lowest rung is reserved for those who believe in it on the condition that if they don't, they'll go there." - Principia Discordia
Maybe @s8n could answer that
Here #hell is truly #frozen so might as well, you stingy #God, put a great incendiary show with #bobo here so I can get entertainedI'm bored to death in this pub so don't U dare to count on me for this species to survive...Btw #Adam was and still is your weakest work ever!
Adam was a mad man, a lunatic, i laugh lmao
That's everyone
Hell is trying to find the exit in IKEA, Purley way..  grrrr
Or who take aggressive actions under the mantra that I am on their side.
Well said, God!
The irony of @rickygervais retweeting God 
lul tru
What would you know, god!
Smartest thing I’ve ever read.
From the Horse's mouth.
Amen!
Deep.


What about those who were pretty sure they were headed there, if only to be with their friends?
After careful consideration Donald Trump will definitely go to paradise.
That's very profound.....you sure your not real ?
Happy Saint Patrick’s Day God!  
Yeah I think the scripture say something like that. Don't juge. The last will be the first and The first will be the last. I don't have time to look it up
Hell exists alright.
This reads like God Shower Thoughts and I'm 100% on board with that
Go to hell! Wait, oh crap.....
"There is no God"
                 - Stephen Hawkins in 2011

"There is no Stephen"
                 - God in 2018
That one was hillarous
What if I thought I was going there?
So, no atheists?
Yep
Missing the devil?
I thought earth was other planets hell
If hell existed it would be in Arkansas right now.
.@realDonaldTrump @PressSec @SHSanders45 @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @DevinNunes @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @mooresenate_ @jeffsessions @PRESlDENTBANNON @StephenMillerAL @AmbJohnBolton
Nice one, G-dog. Here's a variation I like (feel free to crib it): "You can safely assume that you've created god in your own image if it turns out that god hates all the people you do."
let's say 1st in.lines are politicians n lawyers
Damn!
Go to heaven you fool!!

Does the converse hold true? 
Uh-Oh.  How about if we only WISHED they were going there?
That can’t be right cause I just told @realDonaldTrump to go there. I mean c’mon.
So true
Hey God! Why did you make Republicans? Seems like they’re a bunch of hypocrites. They claim to follow your son, but they don’t live according to his teachings. You know, take care of the poor, those who need help, etc. Just wondering.
We belive in humanity beacuse they created atomic bombs, starvation, war, borders, pullution and so on. We also say we are the smartest creature ever existed and of course we deny a creator. Soon we reach they highest level of intell. and destroy the earth.
This guy who said you were his Daddy already told us that in Matthew 25.  

But, nobody reads what he actually said.  

He was full of "it's harder for a rich man to get to heaven than a camel through the eye of a needle" claptrap.  They do like his picture, though.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
People who think others are going to hell when they get to hell:
Wise words, God.  You’re good at saying cool s$&t
OMYou that is so true!
We belive in humanity beacuse they created atomic bombs, starvation, war, borders, pullution and so on. We also say we are the smartest creature ever existed and of course we deny a creator. Soon we reach they highest level of intell. and destroy the earth.

Hence , hell is in fact , right here at home.
Wait @TheTweetOfGod I always say I’m going to go to hell? So is that a paradox?
Oh fake God, ruler of BS, you truly tickle me.

I think im already in hell holy shit
I did not grant you permission to use my profile pic.  #Theonetruegod
Hell is for people who have a PS4 pro instead of an Xbox one
How about if we simply wished they were going there?
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
