Jesus is alive
Ugh!!!  Even god says “my bad”
Please keep us updated on Klavan.
False alarm everybody!... back as you were.
Seems like an overly long set up for Easter Sunday and April Fool's Day to meet
Have you heard the good news?
Wake me up when the ham is done
THAT’S WHAT I MISSED YESTERDAY!!! WTF??
Jesus dad, its not even noon, sometimes a savior wants to sleep in on Sundays
Yeah and he's tired of all the bullshit !
"asleep"
He just gave up his weekend, right?

You are sick.
HAHAHAHAHAHA!
Have you brewed the Folgers yet?
And it was sunny, so when he sees his shadow, he will go back into the sepulcher for 6 more weeks. 

Probably drunk. My bad.
And apparently will never rouse.
And his Dad, Joe is really pissed !  !
LMFAO
he'll awaken with the blast of the final trumpet..
His sleep u brushy


;)
No, I have a massive res-erection.
is this true or fake news?


I’m getting my beauty nap...gimme a minute , geez.
God Help Me
I aggry
Get a coffee... it's gonna be a long eon 
God does not take kindly to being MOCKED.  I’d say, ‘let me know how that turns out’, but I doubt you’ll be able to.


Why do you say the things you do?
Don't listen to Him. I was up at 7:30 making the strata. He's just sour because it'd all been eaten before He got His lazy ass to the kitchen table.
I love these family squabbles. It makes these other worldly beings so much more accessible.
That's why We invented Thanksgiving: so We could watch others have to deal with *their* pain-in-the-arse relatives once in a while.
Well
;)
GO WAKE HIM UP!  PARTY IS SOON OVER!

How do you know he's YOUR son? Huh?
It's odd?
I’m awakened
You admitting he exists??
April Fools! Still dead
To much of the watered down wine?
I have already risen
No prob, @TheTweetOfGod. We all make mistakes. Would be nice to know the whole point of existence thing, but as @realDonaldTrump says, "we'll see what happens."
It's up to your heart to go wake him up...if you can take it.
Dear @TheTweetOfGod - why does Judas have to take the rap in order for us to get the point? #scapegoat #nbcjesuschristsuperstar
Did Jesus see His shadow? Are there six more weeks of winter?
devout
Still wondering
God Wonders What Happens To Humans After They Die https://trib.al/biGdWn8  
Shouldn’t it be, “He has risen”?
It’s only fair to allow Brian the right of reply.
@montypython
LMAO
kids.

No worries

Blue pill 
Looking forward to your Islamic comments in same vein.

All fictional characters are sleeping... figments of your imagination.
31% people still believe in Him, wake him up; don’t abort their business.
Sometimes you’re a bit mean...that’s not so you...
Reminds me of my 17 year old.....
No he's awake.
Good load huh?
Awwww
Well get em' up already!
Fairplay to Jesus for not appearing till Monday.He knew we'd want the bank holiday out of it.#EasterRising
Wait, aren’t you him? Or isn’t he you? Which one is the ghost? Do you buy yourself Christmas presents? I don’t get it.
April fools!
He's Up!
Lazy teenagers!
I say that to my King Kong every morning when I have to piss
Taking on the sins of the world is tiring
Your wife tells you this ever night David Javerbaum, but I understand why & it’s not just because of impotence; I’ve seen your wife.
No, @HKane was on the bench....but he’ll be back! #COYS #StPoch
Daylight savings?
This wouldn’t even be a holiday if humans knew how to finish a job. You can’t just nail a guy to wood, leave him to tan and expect good results. Lazy Romans...
#SunDriedSavior
We're sick of doing your dirty work
Hugh
He is Always here for Alll of us
@locosphinx
so Jesus is like yeasty bread?
I know he said "5 more minutes. " and then rolled back over 
How many retweets to release another 10 commandments
Six more weeks of winter then????
Dios! Me escuchas? Entonces chingas a tu putísima madre, hijo de la chingada! Deja de estar jodiendo y ve a salvarle la vida a un niño inocente chingadamadre!
He needs more $$ in his steam account.
is it true that Easter has been cancelled? I heard they found the body
Is HE hungover?
He’s risen! Saw who the moron in chief is and decided to pretend he’s asleep again!!
Pillsbury's still in the oven I think, actually.
@rebecca7keatley  Please remember to thank him for teaching us the true meaning of chocolate!
Kids these days!
Maybe he’s still hung over!
why are there 2 Easters?
YOUR imaginary friend?
I know what would get him up.
April fools

He arose only to go back to sleep quite the lazy son you have
kids.
At least he's getting rest for when Trump starts WW3
Yeast is Risen!
God, I love you. As an atheist, I'm so glad I follow you.
He is erected,Oops!My bad he is resurrected...
Oooooh.... Jeeeesuuuussss.....
Hit snooze and went back to sleep.


April fools!
You were the same. Never getting up till the crack of noon.
Jesus is the ultimate millennial. I mean, he’s like over 2 millennia old, isn’t he?
@IDontKnowMargo_
See god this is the proof that you don’t exist, dinosaurs are real look it up.
Seriously.  Is not out of that teenage phase yet. Your fault making him an only child. I bet he was spoilt rotten.
Could you do me a fawer, for my #nurozgift tag "yashar.ymn" and say don't worry,your life is protected
Premature Rising
JeSus in da house
On that note...who's painting Satan's testicles with their kids today?
He is raised indeed!
No one gets up that early in a Sunday.
HILARIOUS and TRUE.
Omg God that's what she said 
He is you!
When you gave your son to save us all, did you forget the Palestinians as they’ve had a crap time ever since?
What if all the priests and Bishops, says "April fool" to all of us?
Saying there's no god
April fool
哈喽
All sons sleep in  on Sunday mornings!
He repented!  Hahaha

@peralesjulie
April Fools!
Thanks for you son.  And apparently for giving the right to own a gun - just recently learned that you get props for that.
So is my son
Rough night?
Jesuuuuuuuuuussssss! Wake uuuuupppppppp
April Fools!
Kids man, they never get up when you need them to.
He is Resserrected!!


tut, teenagers.
he shleep
Happy zombie day
I was late getting up, but I'm up now.
“He is risen”. The name of my favorite Easter based porn film.
It's his bloody narcolepsy again.
Did Jesus get up in time to search for his Easter egg?
No I'm not!
Oh..April’s fool ...

Give the kid a break, who doesn't like a good lay in on a Sunday?

Morning glory...?
"Fuck off, dad!  It's Sunday!" - JC
He has risen... April Fools... he ain’t real. 
Maybe, maybe not
Today is the day Jesus laid an egg!
That's what I thought for the longest time when I was a kid AND IT MAKES SENSE!
April fools!
Daylight Savings Time is a little tough on the baby Jesus?
So will anyone that took one of these 3 days ago 
Haha, God you're so funny!
He always was a lazy little guy.
No you wake him up. He complained.
He needs 5 more minutes.
Lol  Seee I told you!!!! God has a sense of humor

Me literally every day with my son too.
Praying for your soul!  God is alive and loves you. He Has indeed risen.  Happy Easter.
Yo, God can you awake up Jesus it's  12 and I dont  want him to sleep in today.
Jesus likes to sleep in on Easter?   Who knew?
April foods
Happy Easter, April fools there is no God...
He is still asleep, indeed.

Dough?
April's fool joke
April Fools!
Just five more millennia, dad.
As long as you hid the eggs...
But but...I thought you would wake up to end it all...
April fools!
HARIॐOM.If people living in a home,treat themselves as servants,and others as masters,then all will be served and it would lead to benediction for everybody.HARIॐOM.
If you want I can refer you to some pills that can keep him risen for hours!!!
Kids these days.  Smh
Eheh 
He is cumming.

Oops! My bad. He is coming.
April Fools!!!
Kids ...
Jesus is an inspiration to all those who are unemployed and sponge off of their parents. Jesus just stays at home, doesn't go out and work any more. I know the guy is traumatized by what happened to him, but C'MON! It's been over 2,000 years now!
That’s what happens with boomerang kids
now where's he to go?
Get it together!

Damn!
I wind up in a cave dead asleep. Wake up to dad yelling. Haven’t drank or eaten for days. My feet ache as well as my hands. Covered in bat shit and I’m sure if I leave here a thousand Romans outside are going to yell April fools. Morning dad. What’s up?
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
