Everyone comes to us about their problems like we don’t have our own smh
Ikr
All of You could use some inspirational words. I don't want to left alone with this dumpster fire.
Hope is the greatest thing. 

It is greater than Love.
It is greater than Peace.…
Then I'll make sure there are no hopes
This thread though.  (sorry, just a human being passing by)
Hahaha..! I was about to tweet the same.. Judas and Mary are missin haha
Always in our hearts though.. (sorry, I'll leave )
As an atheist I find this whole thread hard to believe.
You did technically kill yourself once...
*giggle*
We love you, God!
You are not alone. The world is with you. Don’t do it, God. Life is worth living.
I've always wondered whether there was an even higher power that God Almighty-to keep you in line & on message,you might say: a God cop. Then I looked at your one follow,and now know I was right about what keeps you on the straight and narrow
You need the Lord...oh...wait....
That’s a dammed good point, who does god pray too in his times of trouble?
Probably zeus


But to whom is Zeus praying to, if he has problems? 
He doesn't have problems though
You sure?
Nice to know if it was there’s help available
May You bless Yourself.
Bwahahahahahahahaha for 140 characters total. 
The Irony
You're not thinking of crucifying yourself again are you?
God wasn't crucified but that's funny!
Well, he kinda was.  But anyway.
What's that now?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trinity 
I'm not reading through that garbledy gook. All I've ever heard was that Jesus was crucified on the cross. Never heard anything about God himself being crucified.
It's a trinity.  God is God AND Jesus AND a sperm carrying ghost.  That's kinda the joke. 
You sweet man. Thank you for the clarification! 
LMAO, does everybody who's depressed over the Circus Show get that message?
And, what therapist has a big enough couch for God to lay on?
Are u ok god?
You need goddess, you battery is down only 8%
Three days
@TheTweetOfGod

This is awesome.
Isn’t that what thoughts and prayers are for?
God how can you create earth and man but not have 100% battery on your iPhone? 
"When I find myself in times of trouble
Mother Mary comes to me . . ."
Awesome

Pray to Chuck Norris that he can give you strength through this dark time
Surely God is allowed to joke
Did you receive this after November 2016?
.
So even god forgets to charge his phone sometimes
This made my day

Faith, is no longer a matter of religion, it’s a matter of stupidity!
I heard this was Jesus' favorite joke: Krishna walks into a bar, sits down and orders a drink. The barman says, "Why so blue?"
Lmao!!
Same
Or you could just have a beer. Thanks for creating yeast and stuff.
Me -->
Jeez.....
LOL!

I explained a bit and read God, Twitter response, Satan, Jesus and Buddah to new friend. Afterwards she played 2 screaming preacher videos loudly on her phone. Think I offended her?  Lol
Now that is special. Will twitter give me a low to no interest loan so I wont hurt myself? Just asking for a friend.
Hello! Hello Samaritans? Yes. It’s me. God. I know. It’s been a long time.
I’ll lend you a hand but I’ve got too much problems about my Universe. I’m lost in my alternate Universe! Yes, there is intelligent life outside of Earth. It’s on the Moon! It’s actually a dead planet. We’re repeating life from other planets! Pluto Of Robotic.
@chrissyteigen  Even God received this message.  Times are tough man.
Lel. Like anyone contemplating suicide would have a change of heart after recieving that message. Sweet gesture though... I think
Best thread ever
Oy vey Christians. Lol
God,Satan, Buddha, Jesus... I am really underqualified to be in this conversation......
Ummmmmmmmm....... how can God commit suicide?
If you die? Do we all die too? Kinda like vampires, if Dracula dies then Edward does too
LkR
God hears and He is for us
Where’s does god go when he dies 
So, first your son, and now you! 
Your family has some problems.

how dare twitter talk to God this way, I'm offended 
God is a "belieber?"
At this point, nobody could blame you...
Dear God just say somethinn inspiring on my twitter so i can check that of my bucket list. Sincerely your Catholic servant ;)
God don’t Die!
u was my God for a 3 minutes until i did not observed who you are following, from now u are just an crook for me but talented one
@dennie_clayton
They don’t get you’re cosmic greatness @TheTweetOfGod
Well not a cry for help, but hey, there  are people who care about you
I would probably feel suicidal if I was omniscient. There's way too much bad shit out there for any one god to handle.
@Oatmeal I see in my feed you liked this tweet.

You need to follow @TheGoodGodAbove. I think you would rather enjoy his humor.

Sorry not sorry to tell you, @TheTweetOfGod is a fake god. @TheGoodGodAbove is the correct god.  
You should write back and confirm you’ll be in heaven tomorrow.
Stick with us please God. I sure hope this is a joke. You want to see the pain, look in my mirror. I so look forward to your comments.
and if you have a financial problem please wait until it becomes a national economic problem
Twitter cares
The power is red man!! It's red!!
There’s been people who have been getting targeted by people for “suicide” talk. You’re the fifth person I’ve seen in three weeks.
And we know the world is not going to end on the 23rd.
Wait. What?? AT&T???
I thought you were a Brit!!! Mind blown. 

Ye who laughs last laughs loudest! Hope GOD or @GaryLineker never have any mental health issues.
With these climate and Weather patterns I display to U all am just demonstrating what I am capable of.And yes there are people that care about us out there.These Storms mean u no harm..Joseph..
Jesus Christ.
I think you're mistaking him for his son
I was thinking he should get counseling from his son for his mental health issues.
Lmaoooooo
THAT'S THE BLOODY SAMARITANS FOR YOU........F**KING DO GOODERS
Did all of this start when Stephen Hawking arrived and proved to your face that you don’t exist?
This 
You must´ve activated the suicide prevention bot when you threatened to kill yourself the other day, hoping we´d give a shit.
It´s only the bots that care though, but they don´t know anything, no jokes no gods.
Kind of a sad commentary on the state of the planet if u ask me.. 
Apparently a immortal deity can have suicidal thoughts lol
God uses AT&T Well in hell we use hellfire
For gods sake people.
God uses AT&T. I'll be damned.
Twitter needs a recharge.
Just proves the state of mankind !
.... I told you try Zen, Yoga, Meditation.....
 .....  ...... 
.....   ..... 
I'm in the thread
Lucifer is up to his old tricks again
... What eye has not seen, and ear has not heard, and what has not entered the human heart, what God has prepared for those who love him," 1 Corinthians 1:9 ~ ... Your word is truth. John 17:17 ~ The Lord gives the word; ... Psalm 68:12
God can't kill himself, well he can, but he'll come back like three days later. Kind of pointless.
You've already killed yourself once and look where that got us.
You need jesus
But aren't you already dead?
"hello, God, it's me, Twitter"
I mean, God has a history of sacrificing himself and shit...
Isn’t everyone’s?
¡Hola Dios!
Deus ex machina. Another one of your mob.
No one would blame you.
Even god hasn't unlimited battery life
You just need a porn movies star! 
It's the hype!
Ya know what, it’s nice to know that twitter cares that much to send a message like that when such a report is made
God please! Don't do it! Better times will come, just have a little faith in .... umm wait a minute...
@Sozialkartoffel
Aren't you already dead?!

I heard that 'God is dead' numerous times
In an unrelated coincidence, @LindseyGrahamSC seems suicidal today, too
That’s awesome! Lol
I read that with Baymax’s voice 
There’s nothing more to say other than, “Oh, my God” 
I think that's your phone ,not the account
Charge your phone God!
hello god
Bit presumptuous of Twitter, I'd have started it "Dear God"
I didn't think it was possible for you to kill yourself
Lol so funny to see “hello god” 
@PatrickConlon94  
 'Hello God'
God uses AT&T? I though AT&T was more of a Satan thing.
Where is the @NoodlesFSM or our Lord @cthulhu?
No comments
Oh my God!
You know things really suck when God is suicidal.
You aint god!! You are a phony. Everyone knows that there is only 1 god and that is @Paulmcgrath5 #fact #avfc #utv
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
I'm a certified spirit guide animal. My services are better than psychotherapy and/or psychopharmacology by a long shot. Let me know when you're ready to work on your issues.
Oh my you..
Maybe you need to pray to yourself to save yourself? Spitballing here.
The content of Your tweets don't worry me, but 8% battery life and You're tweeting instead of looking for a charge port? 
He is in the same predicament all of America is at this point 
Never enough outlets.
This thread is the best I've seen in a long time 
What I find odd is that you planned for this....
God is dead
Best thread of 2018. Bless you all 
@TheTweetOfGod may be you can do some yoga
Geeze God, cry for attention much? You already killed yourself once. (or son)(opinions vary)

What's your malfunction anyway? Creating evil? Trump? Abuse? Cancer? 

Hmm... Go ahead and off yourself. You are an insecure asshole god. We're better off without you. 

@dissonance_pod
It'll be OK, God.
Mine too.
I definitely don’t want to go to Heaven now there’s no chargers and cellular signal sucks
If the Bible is to believed, *self* harm isn't God's response to things going in a direction that makes Him unhappy.

Huasn8dndijnjdjjd

#Algorithm #Fail
What can I help you God?
Just don't cry havok and loose the dogs of war...we already have the current mess in the white house... no need to add to that shit show
If you're feeling low, get on your knees and beg for guidance from, uh, wait, scratch that.
Your twitter account might or might not exist...
God why are you up so early
I hope Richard Dawkins doesn't read this thread. He'll be channeling Christoper Hitchens and debating God on the meaning of life, such as it is..
I really wanted it to say, “It’s me, Margaret.”
God is an AT&T subscriber? No fucking way!!!
Best tweet stream ever!
To be fair, some of the willfull ignorance and stupidity posted on it sometimes makes me want to end it all!!
@TakeThatDarwin oops, that was meant for you!
Whenever I feel down, I just drop a tornado on the Bible Belt. Always cheers me up.
Did they say which of your tweets triggered their response?
Well if we speak to you, who do you speak too??
A creator that created the dystopian mess that is this universe clearly needs help. But this ain't it.
If you kill yourself, do you resuscitate? Or death in one's own hand is more powerful than resurrection?
Until the FSM pipes in I'll ignore this.
Well, I mean you *did* kill yourself to appease yourself, so...
An immortal having suicidal thoughts? Maybe this will help... God, grant thyself the serenity to accept the things you cannot change, Courage to change the things you can, And wisdom to know the difference.
Was it Nietzsche who let them know?

I bet it was Nietzsche.
Humanity is a cry for help!
8% battery. Too risky.
God is American. I guess we deserved that.
HA! and here I thought you were DEAD already.
Read the Bible 6:41
Good guy Twitter
Dear God, 
please make my wishes come true, so i can be together with my cat in heaven after i killed myself because i don`t want to see ww3
I litterally got myself nailed to a cross and no one bothered then. #timeshavechanged right, dad?
@AntCritchley  look at these comments from Sayan Jesus and Buddha 
Ffs 
My day is a lot brighter for the huge belly laugh this tweet tore from me  Thanks, Ol‘Mighty!
People pay your tithe so God charge his phone. I can collect for him asap..
https://xkcd.com/1373/ 
When Twitter cares for GOD....#RESPECT #LOVE
ROFLMAX
This warning came too late. God already committed suicide in Christ's sacrifice
Thoughts and prayers.
"Hello God" lmaooo
You can Face Time me if it'll help you feel better.
Please. Most of my prayers to you are out of concern FOR you. Seek guidance, heavenly father.
Poor God... 
Isn’t everyone’s?
This is pretty funny, but I actually think it’s great that @Twitter responds to such things
"... and that you are not alone." :o
Twitter gold
Hello God
God is only 8% energy bar. Take care, the sun is about to power of!
Damn if God is suicidal what hope has humanity got....
Awwwwww.... it just goes to show, even God above, isn’t above help!
Synexcoin 2.0 is launched, join our community and build a passive income with guaranteed 5% compound interest per month rate on your cryptos.
No more risks if the market breaks, the interest rate is directly linked to your crypto investment.
https://synexcoin.com 
