Maybe but if not for old where would the young be are what would they know.
@sarahchad_  @cameron_kasky 
God has got your back. 
Haha
Oldies, advisor types, need to know when to take 'sanyas' from talking: opt for 'paryushan'.
@stenosed
Lol. Sono Dio.
syllogistically speaking yes :)
#theyoungwilllead
This disrespect  for elders is not good.
Neither are these elders.
Don't you think it would be a good idea to give older people a 2nd childhood so they can relate to kids and have fun again?
Hahaha!!!
Chutiya
George Orwell said, “Each generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.”
OK God-it’s time for a nighttime Convoy! To get U inspired lyrics are posted below but nothing beats listening to CW McCall singing it. @Emma4Change NEEDS 100K more followers to surpass Dbag Loesch. So let’s hit Twitter “Like a rocket sled on rails”Follow Emma & Retweet
God you are so right
As an aetheist- I don’t say this often but I u God.
He/She is my favorite god as well !! 

They ain’t Jesus you idiot!
Not all old folks suck and not all young kids are wonderful
And they that think they are smarter than their elders are the biggest idiots around! The Millenials are probably the most stupid generation ever! They grew up thinkin that everybody is a winner! , still living in the parents basement suckin their damn pussy pacifiers
But your old god...
Alot of them are just nasty pervs..
These children need a leader. We have a government being run by men that put money and profit over the real issue. The real issue is the Mental Health epidemic that plagues this country. Guns are not the problem. Mental illness is the problem.
Guns are the problem, because these mental misfits easily attain them to massacre innocents.  Most prefer the gun...assault weapons ever more favored, easily attainable while they cook up their wretched schemes.
 No purpose to such weapons except to kill many people quickly.
A human has to pull the trigger on the firearm in order for it to kill. Mental illness is the problem. If people aren't mentally ill then they don't pick up guns and kill people. Fix the damn problem but first go take your depression medication.
Baby boomers; our greediest, most selfish, most fabric-of-society destroying generation ever with no concept of how fortunate they have been.
Why don't you tell us how you really feel?  Make over-generalized blanket condemnations often?
I'd bet you are here (alive) due to some effort of a baby boomer in your family, ungrateful though for the many sacrifices and obligatory hardships some thankless B.B. endured.
No, I don't. I am alive despite the neglect and violence I suffered at the hands of my boomer parents; one vanished when I was 10 and the other immediately stopped doing anything parental for me and my sibling eg supplying food, heat or clothing - - too infantile to be parents.
Bad examples don't condemn an entire generation.  Sorry they failed you.  But I know many boomers who are loving, king, generous and above all, responsible.
"Kind", not king.
“Never trust anyone over 30” was a catch phrase when I was young. Now I realize, “Never, ever, trust anyone over 3 billion”.
But not as badly as many of the young people.
They gave us something to cry about alright. #climatechange #incomeinequality #casualdining
Young people eat Tidepods
Any word on @waynelapierrejr meeting his maker? Asking for a country.
Chutiya ho kya khud ko god likhe ho 
Now that's an evaluation that is, in this case at least, fundamentally and substantially correct!  And it's about time that a large, significant class of people with some rational and reasonable people in this country actually have some common sense and a positive outlook.
Agreeeeeed God! So we wrote a song for the occasion :)
You look old
Thank you, God! 
Whaaaaat !   I gave up sucking some time soon after I finished being young.  Older people have just hung around a bit longer than young people.  Experience tells me that with age does NOT come wisdom, just oldness.
It's true lolllll
Thank you God 
Aim those lightning bolts more better plz!
(kidding, I'm encouraged by the increasing number of wolves being stripped of their sheepskins)
They’ll grow out of it
Lollllllll truu
Lol but your older than anyone ?
I found you on the corner of first and amistad
Where the west was all but won
Don't young people suck too though since they are doing the shootings?
"You wanna see just how much an old person can suck? You wanna see? Ohh just you wait till I get you home!!!"
At least Republicans.
results may vary 
Now you lost me.... you are probably some broke down post detente Putinesque bot screwing around in the basement of your babushkas dacha.....
theyneed to get a “clue”
Lord, the longer I live, the more I love my dog.
Thank you for canines.
Your faithful servant,
Me.
P.S.  Please give Donald Trump open-sore, genital herpes.
Amen.  
I'm an old person, so forgive me for having to ask: What definition of "suck" are you using here?
Ah, God, you seem not to have aged!  If you had, you would know the value in growing older.  Also, old age is no place for wimps!
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich 
YAHWEH, as soon as You SMITE us old people, the young people
can take over.  The world will be a better place.  AMEN  AMEN  AMEN
Then You suck the hardest! 
@ArturoCazares :D Not all #Wisdom #ToEmailOrNotEmail
Hey I'm old and I don't suck!
Dear God (XTC) -
I have been known to suck a few things in my time
Teens have a BS meter like no one else.
Pretty sure they're already figured that out.
@TheGoodGodAbove I think you two should share.
What a god-awful statement
You should know. You're the oldest of them all.
The ones that eat Tide Pods?
@vicky_pandiyan
Should print this in a Tshirt and wear it to a family function !!
Amen !!! 100% yes
Amen
It's just that the sucky people are in control because they like control. Now if those young people get out and vote and organize the old people don't stand a chance.
Young people soon turn to old people :)
The older I get the more I agree.
They’re tired of being fucked over by older generations
You being the oldest......
Johnny Cashs grandchildren wouldnt think that
Therefore, you, being the oldest, must suck the most.
I think God knows how much he's let us down.
They don't suck ...they're just stuck ..they need rehabilitation in this new age of technology and what it means to "unwittingly" aiding the Russians. Every1 may have a computer but it doesn't mean you should use it ..
G-Your use of grammar is impeccable, keep up the shinning example
So what new things will you enlighten us with today , big bowl of wind ?
As a 43 year-old male, I can attest to this. Most people my age and older suck donkey balls.
And as an aging, pale, always been male, 50’s working class boomer, god is correct.
Indeed
So You're saying all that work I've done in my life to become a better person has made no difference to You?

Shit.
Amen!
Your right God, we suck. We really do. We suck hard.
Suck what?
Ideals don't get antiquated. Ideas, means to the ends, methods, those can and should change. Ideals are evergreen. Forever.
That’s only because we have no teeth left to be able to chew.
It’s great that even on Twitter, God is American. 
Stop pandering to this weak,crybaby generation. They want everything handed to them without working for it. I'm supposed to respect a group of people who idolize Kardashians? Get a grip.
Old ideas die with old people and the youth usher in progress. It kind of gives you an appreciation for mortality. Thank you, God. For making us die!
Old people gonna get woke!
Aren't you a little long in the tooth yourself God?
If you throw a blanket over all the older people and all the young people you’re probably correct.
God has a point!
Sad

WHAT YOUNG PEOPLE
THINK IS NOT WHAT
YOU SAY BUT TO DO
SOMETHING QUITE DIFFERENT. THEY DO
WITH THE YOUNGER
ONES WHAT GREAT
SAINTS DO TO ATTAIN
MOKSHA AND GET RID
OFF ALL BAD THINGS
WHICH YOUNGSTERS
THINK.
God Aphrodite!!! Seen her around?
These young people should also be told that they will be those old people !!!!
woohoo, bigoted identity politics, how refreshing.
Your design problem - You should have given us at least another full set of teeth - problem solved!
@kale_abelgas
Yah
And that most of them will be old and suck equally as bad some day.
Where is
Word God!
That can only mean that I'm good at my job!!!
Go home God .. you're drunk!!
Young people need to know that old people have just as much passion emotion love rage anger compassion fear and faults as they have. The only difference are the years between everything else is down to the person
Use the KISS principal when it comes to the young.
Boom, go ageism! Nice one, God.
Old people are just young people that failed
Please, please can I meet you before I die.
This is probably the first time I believe in you God 
No, no, no! Love them, support them, birth them into their rightful place at this existential moment. They still need us even though we've failed them
“We’ve failed them”. Yet they’re not making changes for the better. And if they made changes it would be for themselves.
You're really old, so I guess You're in a suck category all of Your own.
Like a child, we go unto Heaven.  Lost and crying.
Oh come on God we are going to be meeting up with you, sooner rather than later. Be careful what you say about us because we are a militant group and that’s something you don’t want up there on your cloud
They will be old one day and also suck.
Being THE oldest, what does this say about you?
That's because old people aren't always sensitive to the young persons psychologically by breaking down the world as not being all cotton candy and lolly pops. By introducing them to the ageing process. They all in their feelings.
Some of us remember that from our youth
Young Americans think Trump sucks for sure
Youngsters of today don't suck. They lick!
I always kinda knew that 
I swear to fucking you, you can say  anything and get retweeted!

It’s like divine intervention or something!
Thank God!
We suck so bad
I'm so glad you came back.
Amen to that.
Yes, and as far as I know, you are the oldest according to your book... Almost timeless.
Maybe we should stop disposing of mothers and torturing infants
They need to know why so that they can fix it. Like a mechanic.
But if there were no older people the younger people would not be here…is there a boo-boo in my logic?
No. But there are still loads that suck. Although actually, from where I'm sitting, loads do the contrary of sucking too.
Thanks, god.
I’m 65 and if I didn’t know me, I would think I suck.
You're honest tho^^
Not ALL of us. Hippies excluded.
I’m treacherously close to “old” but fuck yeah I love these kids and will happily volunteer to GOTV in my neck of the woods.  Sorry for the language.
Not all old people, God....remember when I did that really nice thing once?

Too many malprotrusions of the iris and the retina  Sir. Much goes wrong while thinking any more than what appears of anyone else. Nations fall by knowing such things.
I'm old now and still think they suck. But think the young ones suck too because they're either idiotic hoplophobes who libtard too much and/or eat Tide pods or simply aren't in favor of intergenerational dating ;)
:))
I believe that #ParklandStudents discovered that today. So un American. #neveragain #TrumpColluded #TrumpStillColluding #TimesUp
What are you TALKING about, Patrick?! Old people are the greatest! They’re full of wisdom and experience.

Hey God....can you smite Pat Robertson for Us!! Hell needs another log on the fire!!! 
Not all older people God!  Many of us have kids and/or grandkids we would gladly die for, if it was necessary to save them from being shot & killed!

I know I would!
Sorry but I don't believe in God.
Nobody is older and therefore wronger than You.
If they only relized that everyone sucks
And nowadays things change
Everyone's ashamed of the youth 'cause the truth look strange
And for me it's reversed
We left em a world that's cursed
And it hurts
But, naw...only like the 80's kids' parents and its truly all about their political views. Im all kindsa confused on wtf they were thinking
You should know, you sent your son to his death
Yeah but they eat tide pods
I'd like to thank you for Emma Gonzalez.
Everyone is already dead. And ageless.
not all old people suck, some of us are very worried about these traumatized children...they need to be guided and loved through this.


and older people think that young people suck, no?
The #ParklandStudents know. Thank you @TheTweetOfGod
You should know, God, being acquainted with the oldest of the older people. Keep supporting your idealistic new adults!
Who do you see when you do acid ?
I am older and I suck... I will own it... but we tried our best when we were younger too... didn't always accomplish all that we wanted.  But we don't all suck at supporting today's young people... Only the knuckledraggers do.
As an older person - 76 - I agree with that.
Amen brother
The meaning of death and everything!
You, of course, being the oldest?
Not always #wannabeGod
For too long old people have criticized young people (like 2000 years), so it's time young people actually spoke up about older people and tell them that their world (older people) is not their younger people's new world. Times change
Older people are always maligned. The young will become older too and wonder why the young hate them.
Yuba barg ko bhudhe bujurgon ke bicharon ko mahatwa dena chahia aur unka samman karna chahia aajkal ke yuba pidhi shikchha me naitikta ka path nahi padhne ke karan bigar rahe hain yuba ko naitikban hona chahia
Children need to know that there's a lot of weird & unhelpful & unhealthy about, and be supported in their embrace of reality.
Ow. Not all of us.
Lol...Absolutely right...
I knew we lived in a swamp, in primary school, and that most people acted as if everythings ok, even the rebellious, at defining times.
Rebellion from belief or reason & logic.
High %of those acting as if everythings ok clearly indicated serious weird - read- religion damage.
Faith ( in or toward anyone or thing) ia a purely personal experience. Organized religion ( more so when you take all the money involved) is ENTIRELY DIFFERENT! Religion has duped,enslaved,tortured, murdered, & caused more wars than any other single entity on planet ! PERIOD
Specifically the Abrahamic Tradition
And more specifically, 
Since the VaticanMob weaponised it

BS- guns are at the door.  Just ask god what kind of firepower he has at the pearly gates?
Dear God, I’m beginning to suspect you may not be a ppl person...
I've always suspected that. Like he's above us or something.
so mean! But happy to see someone following the God!
Everyone is older and younger to someone at the same time.
Agreed, we need to take microphones away from baby boomers. The youth are aware that the world, currently, is not acting much in their favour. The failure of ALL the politicians is their ignorance of them. It will be their demise.
Boomers, and Gen-X too, it seems. My age cohort has jumped the shark...*again*...as far as I'm concerned.
Thanks ma’am
Well you should know. You’re as old as God!  
Not all of us, your honor. Not even most of us.
Make it 30 and you get Logan's run
But you're old
Look, I had my doubts after the platypus and salad shooters but TheTweetOfGod absolutely crushes it with this point.
And sometimes the devil knows best but whatevs
Once again @TheTweetOfGod is the beacon of light.

Good God you’re old
I suck like a champ!
Hey. SOME older people suck :)
In this case they are quite right.
Amen 
umm... God... you are old too.... #JustSayin
God, you are right Again. You shall be right Always. As in : The young people also need to know that they will become old, sooner then they realise. Tell them this also, Dear God.
We know, thats a great reason not to waste our lives on antiquated ideals that no longer fit the modern world we are experiencing.
Ideals don't get antiquated. Ideas, means to the ends, methods, those can and should change. Ideals are evergreen. Forever.
Ideals definition = satisfying one's conception of what is perfect; most suitable. 

Those change depending on the world you grew up in. Growing up even in the 90s was a totally different world than small kids are growing up in today.
I don't want to piss anybody off but the boss "GOD" stuck me with a brain that has not aged or evolved since I was 18. So I endorse that statement.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
