@TheTweetOfGod 
Lord, You said once I decided to follow You,
You'd walk with me all the way.
But I noticed that during the saddest times of my life,…
Why are you punishing us by giving us Trump?
Sun = 10 Millions Earths
Galaxy = 10 Billions Suns
Supernova = 10 Millions Galaxies
Quasar = 10 Million Supernovas
Universe = 10 Billions More A’quasar space Trillion Of Light Years, Light Year Equals9,461,000,000,000 Human=nothing. ALLAH_GODExtremely Luminosity) CREATOR INFINITE
i bet you have never met him either 
Oh my effing God.  I fell off the couch laughing.
I hate that one as much as the one about the starfish being thrown back into the ocean.
Dude
And fed them to bears?  That one's always a crowd-pleaser, m'Lord.
Footprints: The Sequel.    http://www.stevecasespeaks.net/blog/2012/10/9/footprintsthe-sequel.html …
Ohh god why are you following Justin Bieber
You didn’t know?!? 
Wow, no simple answers, this has to be him!
People say the 2nd Amendment is God-given. Why, oh Lord?

Best reply ever and you beat Patsy and I to it. You win the Internet
Sweet.
Wayne LaPeirre thinks he is you. Can you chop his legs off and bring him down to size?
So sassy
Omg...... you’re fu@king  I love you   oh shit,  I forgot I’m an atheist   looks the the jokes on you    ( as far as God’s go, you’re pretty funny)
But god I just got a knew pair of flip-flops. What a waste!!!

Wondering @Faith_Salie where did you go....
Oh my God, I know I shouldn’t laugh 
Peter cuts off ears
@JIsraelTurner
When you will go to the toilet next time?

Harsh.
“The lord works in mysterious ways”
But if I worked in mysterious ways I’d be banged up 
I read about you following people down beaches, then hiding when they turn around and only your footprints remain.

Are you some sort of stalking sicko?
. God, that was quite devilish .




Crazier 4 sure!

@s8n? Is that you?
I knew it!!!
@Faith_Salie Does it mean that saddest times are those when we carry the weight of #Religion on our backs  
https://youtu.be/TqN0cB-bAJ4  


Dear god,
Please accept my offering of beer in gratitude for that funny AF response, and forgive me the sin of blowing it out my nose. Amen.

Jajajaja
Jesus, that’s cold. 

Where's @RealTimVine when his presence is needed?
the god of harsh.
She did ask.

Rekt
You are a monster God!
You are a professional troll with so many followers!!! Mind buggling. Have another tidepod


Yes. Hahahahaha YES

Are you sure that wasn’t when you went back behind the dumpster for a quick smoke?
@Faith was so lucky that God answered her tweets.
Come on...
This Account probably run by an atheist
Surprisingly he isn’t an atheist
So he's just an asshole lol
Damn this is too funny I laughed hard at the legless man  ..Lord  I am sinned ?
The Lord giveth legs and the Lord taketh thine legs away
Well darn
With all due respect God, you are one sick bastard. (Sorry. Forgive me?)
Thats cold
This God is more honest.
This is may favorite God, doesn't waste my time bullshiting
Savage
Wheres the wheel chair tracks
Goddamn you’re the best 
God, Can you explain how you are the father of yourself?  I suspect it was early cloning.  Close? Also, what is the holy ghost thing?  I can’t quite wrap my head around that.

If you have an extra moment, could you also tell me why I don’t have a favourite colour?

Cheers!
That was when the Almighty stepped aside for some nachos.
HA HA!
God, you always make me laugh. 

You’re on a roll tonight, god.
Lmao

I recall you taking my legs, just for trying to wise up your silly creation.
Oh yes u did!
You're funny God 

how romantic
Ya God!  You’ve never been very nice to us around the ocean.  
You’re an ass.  I like it.  

Hahahahhahaahaaha god. This is so funny. I swear to god 
God, I love you.
 oh my! Why do I find u so entertaining?
I thought that was when ypu slipped out to catch a Cubs game...
Jesus Christ - I just spit my coffee reading that reply, God!

While you’re at it, can you shrink @realDonaldTrump hands some more so he can stay off @Twitter
You are not in good mood today....you just took away @SrideviBKapoor from us.

More staged than a @BakerBLeavitt tweet amirite @drywallsarcasm  @D_Rob__ @web @lawlballz @johndurant
Idk what's happening here fam but Baker sucks so sure.

BTT2 not have wires in the wall.
Jesus Christ... Dad is hilarious!
As a lesson for others.  I’m sorry, but you were just an example.
Calm down, Obi Wan.
Um... you been drinking? You've got to be up early tomorrow for church. Why don't you take it easy?
Silly cripples, it's just too easy God.

You're a disappointment to your family, Sean.

Good?
Took me a sec. 
Dropping truth bombs
#Savage
Oopsies
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
