
honestly ive never understood the distinction lmao
Me neither.
You’re God and so is your dad, but You’re also not your dad. Then there’s the Holy Spirit, which is like the Force except instead of telekinesis you get healing, and He is also God but not You or Your dad.
I bet Don Jr has an internal dialogue similar to this almost daily.

Ouch!
Too soon?
Thoughts and prayers...
Haha...

You're both going straight to Hell now.
Dammit, Jesus, you're such a kill joy!
On the other hand, we got lots of chocky eggs from the Easter Bunny this morning.  And fuck all from the Son of God, frankly.
Jesus paid for our sins, make sure you get your money's worth.

Christianity was appropriating before it was cool.
“Whereas Jesus left a small cavern empty on Sunday morning, our Jesup pill will help you fill a small cavern instead”. #Hallelujah #PappuDiwas
lolz
No. The Son of God rising from the dead is a ridiculous myth that complete detracts from the factual reality of the Easter Bunny

My all time Favorite!

Zombie Jesus is Best Jesus.
Aww thanks.
Happy Easter! 
It's about the lamb not the bunny. The lamb represents Christ as both suffering and triumphant; it is typically a sacrificial animal, and may also symbolize gentleness, innocence, and purity.
Bunny is just for fun.
What about the egg?is it Mary's?
There's no story in the Bible about a long-eared, cotton-tailed creature known as the Easter Bunny. Neither is there a passage about young children painting eggs or hunting for baskets overflowing with scrumptious Easter goodies. And real rabbits certainly don't lay eggs.
i'll take the bunny any day over that more far fetched story.
The Easter Bunny is more believable.....
I believe in Bunny, the fluffiness almighty, creator of of Heaven and Earth...
As good as any other supernatural/ghost story - trick is getting enough followers. You'll need to insert a bunch of bureaucracy to make it more 'believable,' however.
Throw a pinch of uneducated citizenry in the mix, and you’ve have a winner recipe!


Ha ha ha
Easter on April Fools day. The perfect irony
Right? Can we stop believing in fairytales as a medium to cope with existential dread and fear of death? It’s not like we have each other.

It's really easy to resurrect, too. Not sure why other people don't do it.

We have Easter Bilbies here in Queensland (AU) due to the inherently evil nature of rabbits 
Easter is Ishtar.

The God of Fertility & a really bad movie.

Seriously

Maybe the worst movie of all time

Yes worse than Knight & Day.
Same low level as ConAir
Leave Con Air out of this. Nick Cage's accent MADE that movie!
You, the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus are my three favorite imaginary friends.
Only the one true God could be ironic, subversive and meta  all at the same time. 
On the 3rd day Jesus rose from the dead, walked to the entrance of the cave, saw his shadow and declared, “F this humanity is not worth saving....”

The Easter Bunny is a myth, too?
Then he hid chocolate eggs around for the kids of Bethlehem.
I'd sooner believe in the mythical goddess Eoster who turned a bird into a bunny that could still lay eggs & every year after that left decorated eggs for her in thanks
I thought Jesus hid the eggs because he didn’t want anyone to know he was fucking a chicken...
No that asshole just took over everything because he thinks his dad is a god or something
Not a myth, it belongs to the Spring Equinox Teutonic goddess Ostara. The eggs are a symbol of fertility. Obviously it was a pagan celebration co-opted by the Catholic Church, which integrated many Pagan celebrations into their Credo. Rabbits or hares come out in Spring, to mate.
I had an Easter Bunny once when I was a kid and it rose from the dead too, so there! Well ok, I dug it up. But still!

And on the 3rd day Jesus came ba... APRIL FOOLS!!
But....she’s cute

Don’t mess with my Easter Bunny!
I thought Easter was a ploy to take the thunder from Jewish Passover and the pagan celebration of Ostara?
.Greatest April Fools ever 
#HappyEaster

Subtle.

Why, uhh, what happens if I do?
You haven't seen raiders?

Happy Easter God!
http://www.AtheistRepublic.org 
The Easter Bunny was there long before your son. It was your Twitter followers that purloined the occasion and made up some story about being stuck up a pole. I was stuck up a pole once, being a telephone engineer but they didn't make a bloody holiday of it.
Nothing to do with this account’s Twitter followers, lol, I think you’ll find most of them, like me, are atheists, as the account mocks religion. 
You don't say? Well, I never!
Lol, I honestly can't tell who's joking and who's being serious on Twitter any more, I'm sure my mental health would benefit if I quit it! 
Life is one long joke, so just keep lol-ing until they put you away.
“April fools day the same day as Jesus rising from the dead?!” Quote 

Stop the war on Easter!
No way. I am sure she’s real, serving the needy during the Easter weekend at the Club.. Wait, that’s a different Bunny I am thinking of. 
So much for that sacrifice if your just gonna bring him home in three days

The concept of rising from the dead stems from Judaism’s ancient shamanic roots and was (still is) a fixture of shamanism around the world in traditional societies. The lesson is a valuable one to all people: namely, you can always begin again.
There were numerous Mesopotamian myths about resurrection. Inanna was the first with her descent story in the epic of Gilgamesh. Egypt had a similar story of osiris being resurrected by his sister to rule the afterlife realm. All Way way way way b4 Judaism.
Yes. It occurred among ancient man around the globe. Siberia, China, everywhere.
I can't recall a north central south american one, correct me if there is some... but they had TONS of rabbit myths.
The concept of rising up after death is a major tenet of Amazonian Indians (I am the most familiar with Shipibo Indians.) People who experience being torn to death and then reassembled while under the influence of Ayahuasca automatically become Shamans.
mmmm
He perhaps might need a little bit of your magic,...oh wait, what am I talking about, he is you.
Its started by Playboy. We babe's had to go search fore the right eggs under the blanket.........
He’s gone Bro, he ceases to exist

Lynn Johnston (@fborfw) explained the connection between Jesus and the Easter Bunny years ago. https://www.fborfw.com/stripcatalog/indexid.php?q=6289 …
...on flat earth creates in 6 days
God doesn’t bring you chocolate.
People have been buried alive many many times throughout the ages.
#EasterFoolsDay
I wonder how many of these “likes” think this is sincere?
About the same amount that think God has a twitter account, I’m guessing! ....  mind you, if He did, what would He tweet to @rickygervais I wonder? Maybe He’d say how great Ricky’s new show Humanity is, on Netflix, out now....


Say what!?

@DuncanLDavidson
The early church co-opted many holidays because it was easier to layer their religion on top of a pre-existing Pagan story.
Didn't David Blaine do something similar 
The so called Son of God was a day laborer who fought the Roman Empire and was killed for that. His lynching is remembered this week. Sellouts then whitewashed him and built a conservative church in his name. God, I know you’re grossed out but stop playing games. Poor Jesus.
Yes @TheTweetOfGod, the Easter Bunny is a myth, blame your Son...
(Picture evidence attached) 
Can u please tell me God, how on Creation day 2, you created day and night but not until day 4 did you create the Sun and Moon? How the fuck did that work? Lol

Son of Myself*
Yeah, but he brings chocolate.
Now watch me pull a rabbit out of my hat
Again!
Jesus: Hey,  I invented recycling
Rising from the dead my arse. Jesus took a nap, and who wouldn’t after being tortured on the cross?
For a guy who can perform miracles on other people (including rising from the dead), weird he couldn’t remove a few spikes and hop down off that cross
Yeah, odd isn't it?
Actually this is Where Easter and all it’s symbolism came from.
Still haven't been able to pin point the exact source of the rabbit tho. The rabbit isnt depicted with any germon or norse pagon goddess. 
Same w the eggs.
Here’s a link with all the information.   http://goddessgift.com/pandora%27s_box/easter-history.html …
I dont know the source of that information but it appears there has been a lot of debate over Ostara being an universal goddess that was celebrated with myths and reverence. Especially w the rabbit symbol. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C4%92ostre?wprov=sfla1 …
Ok I didn’t know that
Having a family Easter egg hunt after Church is fun! We can combine Just like Christmas and Santa.
Mmm, I think there are rules stating Christians shouldn't worship false idols, so "combining" Church with worshiping pagan fertility symbols is actually sacreligious.
Oh dear, I didn't realise your grandchildren had hacked your account, my apologies.
You still sound stupid

I personally love  the Easter !  When I was a kid, I could hardly wait for Mass to end so I could come home and eat my Easter basket candy!
and that He is Bieber The Spitter! Could we possibly change that for Kate McKinnon’s impersonation? Please? I’d rather SHE be my savior! Please, God!
@senagbe
But the Easter bunny brings delicious chocolate.  What has the Son of God done for me lately?
So THAT'S why he looked so depressed at the mall!

Next thing they will be saying that Santa isn't real Harry Potter doesn't exist and the tooth fairy is a figment of my deranged imagination
Very funny!
https://mobile.twitter.com 
It's the fertility festival. That is where the eggs and rabbits came from. Ishtar


Message From Your Government: http://youtu.be/y2lN8OFEYZA  #StrangerThings #corruption #Privacy #CIA #HumanRights #surveillance #DeepState #FollowTheWhiteRabbit #TheStorm #QAnon #POTUS #resistance #MAGA #NSA #8chan #horror #Wikileaks #XFiles #Cannabis #CBTS #Q #GreatAwakening @POTUS
Can't listen to God when the only person he follows is @justinbieber
 – at Long Island NY
Any Easter plans?
You need to come down here. Now.
But man I love the damn Cadbury eggs he brings every year!
I know you like a good joke your Lord.   Drawn by the brilliant, as you already know, @citycyclops
Jesus is coming. April fools...
Just another coopted pagan symbol to bring more converts in.
You don't have a penis
The son of God rising from the dead is a ridiculous myth that completely detracts from the factual reality of the Easter Bunny.
If Jesus rose from the dead, does that make him a zombie?
Pretty sure this is all your fault.
The Easter bunny isnt real? 

But if you are God cant you just make him real?
My neighbour kindly bought my son's an egg each with "includes the REAL story of Easter" printed across the box. When you opened it there was a lovely egg and a book. I offered the book and my eldest announced Jesus was a myth and went off to build his Lego car.
I’m so glad this guy is just a figment of my imagination
Yes, Eostre is the wrong religion... well... depending on where you were born, of course... I mean, if you were born in India, you probably think the Jesus idea is kooky.
And to be fair, lots of people have supposedly risen from the dead. Don't know why Jesus is so special.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5sSEkZ86ts&sns=tw … via @youtube
Yo daddy can u please retweet this tweet and make me famous like u?
We're just celebrating your early work with the Pagan God's, before you broke out in to your successful solo career. 

You're like @Camila_Cabello...
Well not actual factual eh ?  and there is nothing mythical about bunnies at anytime of the year. But that what you’re getting at isn’t it 
But it’s chocolate.........you know it’s chocolate right?.........chocky, chocky, chockyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!

I really can't decide which is the more ridiculous story
Too funny ....good lord you are such a riot, you absolutely slay me..HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.....whoaaaaaa.....Wait a minute  Slay me?????? GOD???????...Nooooooooo....I meant you’re really really funny 
HE DID RISE FROM THE DEAD! Your son kicked my butt in #Hearthstone
What like my penis did last night?

@realDonaldTrump doesn't like people who get captured.
Happy Bunny less Easter .

That's no average bunny
I will be out in the peeps patch waiting for the great peep to rise up and give presents to everyone.
@peralesjulie
Zombie Jesus!!!!!!!! Run for your lives!!!!! But don't forget to give your pastor money for his Mercedes as you run away
Happy Easter!
http://www.AtheistRepublic.org 

"Dad did you put out the treats for Peter rabbit ? " well son just heard from god ,we  will talk about it.


Not to mention the whole "rabbit and eggs thing"
Somebody had to say it 
coopting pagan rituals to get more people on board
So good!
I guess if anyone would know, it'd be you
jesus rises every day to mow lawns..
God, it's not nice to rain on Easter parades
"a goldfish left a lincoln log in me sock drawer"
"that's the story o' jayzus"
You tryna make me kill myself god?
So let it be written, so let it be done.... 
You’re one to talk.
I’m guessing he knows that already, seeing as how he’s supposed to be omnipotent like.
what’s ur point?
It’s all about the chocolate.
Come on, God! Since when did you become religious? I loved you so much for your comments on religious humans. What's going on @TheTweetOfGod?
Sarcasm. April Fool.
It's also a dangerous romanticization of a pest that causes immense environmental damage.
Jesus wasn't that bad, it's his followers who've caused all the damage.
or the son of god thing was based on Ostara because Ostara is real and the myth needed something to boost it
Initially I was shocked, but this explains why we don't have the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy cage fighting on PPV.

jesus is a zombie 
Lol
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit.
amen.!.
Just as Santa Claus does to Christmas. Is there possibility both have that goal

Shouldn't that be "the Sun of God" rising from the dead?
Easter bunny is a bit more fun to be fair
How's that so?

what is the easter bunny tho ?
Watching #AmericanGods
It was a way for kids to have fun.  You know that thing NO ONE is doing right now.
India is multiple worship free unorganised culture, atheist/nastik also included!! 

Hi @TheTweetOfGod! We've selected this tweet to be featured on our “Top posts of the day” on The Frontpage Post – Your social media daily picks. Just reply with "Opt Out" if you'd prefer not to be featured.
http://www.thefrontpagepost.com 
#frontpagepost
oh dear gawd how i love you and your tweeties. Pls don't ever be, like, ACTUALLY dead. OK?
Ahhh.. but just as easy to believe.
Jesus died for the sins that You predestined for us. Good racket that You
have going there.
What a contradiction?!  It’s okay to have an imaginary friend but not have fun with a rabbit.
Jokes on us. This guy comes to earth disguised as someone else. Stages this death thing to forgive us for what? Didn’t really die, pretends to rise from the dead.
Now that's funny.
Jesus rolled the rock aside,  comes out and if he sees his shadow .......
Jesus didn’t die.
I feel like I might go to hell if i retweet this!

So you really believe that Easter bunnies don’t really lay chocolate eggs!
and we all know he didnt.
What if Jesus wasn't meant to die
I’m sorry. The what?!
St. Peter was a rabbit.
hi god.. just in case u forgot..easter is the merging of Pagan and Christian faiths in order to sell one of your products..but u already knew that didnt you...
The Babylonian High-Mother-Goddess. Goddess of Love, Fertility, Nature, Sex and War. Queen of Heaven.
All those trips to the mall every year, I never got my picture taken on God's lap!!
You stole the idea of Easter from Greek Mythology - Ishtar - which celebrates fertility.

Can you do anything original??
I think he's being ironic.  
And Father Christmas is??????
Like Santa Claus from the son of God's birth
it's for Ishtar, not Easter
And here's me thinking that the Easter Bunny was just a metaphor for kids to have the fun of receiving an easter egg.
Fucking got eeeeeem


bake one for lunch and still see if you still call them a myth
Abso-fuckin-lutely!
Know why the Easter Bunny hides his eggs? He doesn’t wan anyone to know he’s been screwing the chicken!
Fact: Rising from the dead after a brutal crucifixion inevitably results in the very worst possible case of PTSD.
......he's still on hiatus.

The biggest myth in the Kardashian grade Zzz celebrity of pointless facts is that David Javerbaum has more talent than Kim Kardashian’s dog.
Can we assume you're not to fond of Santa Claus either?
Yeah! What he/she said!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
