Dear Dad,
Been busy.
Love you,
JC
Listen here you mother fuckers. I am really sick of all your shit and lies.
You feed hatred and at the same time you rape the earth. Allow hate groups but disallow protesters who want…
Thanks Dad,
They really needed that.
Love you.
JC
Fuck the ecosystem. It keeps trying to kill me.
It is easy to understand if you know about self defence mechanisms such as denial! This is also why people don't accept climate change!
Climate has always changed. We all know it. Climate will always change. And adding a new Tax won't stop it.
Climate Change=Adaptation.
Don't buy a Skidoo,buy a 4 wheeler.
Fossil Fuels save lives.
Everything around you is there directly or indirectly because of Fossil Fuels.
Enjoy
This is also the same species that congregates weekly to honour a non-existent deity, soooooooo........yah.

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2026743824004434&id=135107816501387 …
Haha! That's hilarious!
Than do it!!!
@blindedbysocsci every day should be earth day
Be cool, Dad. Let them just enjoy Earth until June 6, 2084.
Brother?
Thanks llo
Whoa


I love this graphic!
The one you charged with being a steward of the animals?
That's one creation gone wrong. To err is divine too! Go ahead, just forgive yourself...
Thanks God
What can I say, its boring so we pack it in one day. Do a better job next time.
Amen
Everyday IS earth day  ...  for the LOVE of God when will we stop hurting animals, fellow humans and the planet? Too much to ask? Thoughts and Prayers?
Let there be Muslim terrorists.
Hahahaha
And that is just to remind us that we live here..
But, which species are you referring to... eh, hmm?
Is it whales?
Yeah, but we also set aside a day a week to worship you... so...
YEAH! PLANETS! FUCK NON CORPOREAL NON PLANETARY BASED LIVING BEINGS! FUCK EM ALL! IF U AIN'T ON A PLANET I AIN'T GOT TIME FOR YOU.
#vegans
 *Second Funniest
And borrowed time.
Who made you? Earth worms?
Don’t know if you believe, but it has been fore told that one day God will destroy those destroying the earth.. I have to believe for my own existence.
Only one species on Earth is capable  of doing it.
AKA Rebublicans
It is like we create God and destroyed it afterwards to prove how mighty we are…lol
Man - a #poem after #TedHughes Crow... #EarthDay
Lady god, lady god, fly away home, your house is on fire, and your children are gone
This makes me think if @neiltyson
Totally agree

LOL!! Now, that was funny!
We're talkin sharks right? F*ck sharks.
Please be quiet , you don't exist
Speak for yourself.  I fully acknowledge the ecosystem I live in.  Rather than blame us, shouldn't you blame yourself?  I don't because I'm more of a Big Bang kinda human (does that make me a different species then?).
Isn't this the same dude that put weed all over the planet then invented a political party to stamp it out? :-O ;-)
I used to think you were pretty funny God but lately you’ve just been bitter af
#Followforfollow #instantfollowback #srilankans #Lollankans #lk
*cut to climate change cynic TV outside interview amid hurricanes, snow, burning sun and plague of frogs*
Big talk from the guy who got drunk and created the platypus.
Holy shit (with all my respect), how can human be so desperatly stupid and selfish. I hope you exist dude.
Not quite. Wombats are also particularly callous. Ungrateful wombats!
Humans have an amazing capacity for self-delusion.
Sheesh, Dad. Would you just lay off the lemurs already?
It was a sort of a diplomacy with what we are. With where we live. With home. It raised a more astute awareness obaout what we do to ourselves. We became more conscious.
God you’re my hero... of the day.
True........ 

We are such an ungrateful lot!
Happy Earth Day to the everyone who loves God’s creation and the ones who use his creation to debunk why we exists #ithinkitsallintheravioliformioli 

They forget that mankind got demoted after the flood. Adam's dominion was stripped away. Post-Noah, all living things are of equal value.
From your perspective, it must be in the whole damn universe? 
Celebrate #EarthDayEveryDay!
Goddammmmmmm. Ohhhhhh. Fucking rekt. LMAO
What are talking about?  You’re god, you designed and made us. Hello. Or is this fake?
Nice
That’s pretty rich coming from the diety that proclaims ‘no other gods before me.’
Only one species on Earth understands what days or planets are. You're slipping my Lord.
Yess! I can smell sarcasm and pity for that particular species you are tweeting about.
Fucking giraffes
Dear God. To be fair, we are the only species that actually knows we live on a planet. We are what you made.
You should have made the nipple easier to see from the surface.
Don't see many bees celebrating hive day, nor chimps jungle day, now do we, ol' boy?...

Typical. Give us limited abilities, alongside conflicting temptation, then berate us (and worse) for imperfect implementation.

At least we've never vowed to destroy the thing..
Brilliant comment God. That’s why your God!!
People who likely didn’t litter were out picking up litter that should never have been there. What a shame!
That’s some Old Testament cynicism oh Lord.
Very well said, G.
Only one species on Earth is so arrogantly alienated from the #OneWhoknocks
Well It takes the almighty to tell us in such an arrogant way. By the way, You don't exist.
And then there is one who has created the whole universe.. and doesn’t want to turn the damn thing off..
We've pretty much done this planet,any chance of a nice shiny new one please? If you're not too busy mind. Thanks.
A bad deity always blames his creation 
Yeah, freaking lizards are the worst man
Only one species on Earth knows that there is an earth
Very interesting 
Shouldn’t have created consciousness bro. We are also the only species that could concepualize either an “ecosystem” or “setting aside a day” for anything.
Just admit it... we were your biggest mistake EV-ER.
The new miracle of the bread and the fishes -- there are some
Why did you create humans? The planet was better without them
... so of course that’s the species you gave dominion over it. Look in the mirror.
Hey man, that's not the real God.
You said it God 
We care about the world 1 day out of 365
You're the one who wrote the first chapter of that book on domination...
@TonyWoods1970
Are you the real god?
WOW. Deep. I had to read it 3 times to get t!
Even Twitter sent you a message dude delete your account you're not God stop acting like you're God stop trying to act funny I don't find any of the things you say funny I'm telling you this directly stop speaking for God
Hail God for your great wisdom  and rhetorical musings..... Never lost on the initiated.. Haha
well said god!
seem people is bad
Don't leave us hanging. Which one?
Pretty sure only that one species is even aware it lives on a planet. Maybe whales and dolphins? But not much else.
Than you God for pointing this out to us. Can you work a miracle!!
This Hit me so hard
Man has bitten off God's hand and is not likely to give a share to dogs in ecocities and other developments meant to relieve the White race of labour which other countries would have to do to catch up with the rest given to Christians. Some believe this is a religion of Israel.
So,
#fakenews
Which species
And it's flat!
Amen to that.
Here's the truth of it:

Right on God!
That species is ensuring that the planet will be completely destroyed in a few years!!

I've always known this place was home the only home I've ever known that's why I'm an atheist pagan closest faith would be gaea or Wiccan

Its the first ive heard of it I've heard of earth strong
who are you again?
Haa
Sad.
Amen
Lol
 wonder who we have to blame for that?
Happy Birthday Earth day

Super
Wisdom is best feed, one drop at a time.
ॐ.OM.If God didn't exist,It would be necessary to invent him.HARIॐOM.ॐ.OM Peace Peace Peace..
What fucking day do you mean!?!?!?!?!
Having the capacity of arrogance is not compatible with your message.
His message is smartass
Only one species is so arrogantly thinks that they have all the powers that they run this universe #Gods
Humans are a weed. They Might Be Giants knows it, and so do you.
At least the Earth is real.
Ok....
And members of this species claim, they are the only 'civilised' species on Earth!http://newphilosophyoflife.blogspot.com.au/2018/04/civilisation-which-communitys-or.html?m=1 …
In the words of the great George Carlin, "Earth is gonna shake us off like a bad case of fleas "
Thanks god! Glad to have u on my twitter and my prayers lol if only i can get u on my track!
It's not a planet! It's a pancake!

Or is it a frisbee? A fitted sheet? 

I dunno I'm making fun of flerfers but I can't see a way out of this joke now.
You seem to misunderstand the importance of #EarthDay .  Didn't you attempt to kill everything on Earth because you were jealous of @s8n .

You might want to check your hubris before you get all high and mighty.

Invisible skyfaeries who demand tribute have gone out of fashion.
It's those fucking Pandas, isn't it?
Make us a new one, oh god ?
That's how you created us to be in the first place. Stop blaming your creations for your mistakes!
I'm surprised that Trump hasn't set aside a day just for himself. #saynototrumpday
Take that Evangelical's, you've done pissed him off this time and no mulligans for you.
It’s whales, right? I bet it’s whales.
Well said
Do something !!
is it me? ha ha
Apparently God does to.
At least there is one day. It’s a beginning.    I need more time.
#earthday
You're long-winded on Sunday too
Reminds me of a quote from Rick Wakeman, about his band mate & YES frontman, Jon Anderson. Rick said, “Jon’s the only person I know who’s trying to save this planet .... whilst living on another”!
Lives on a planet with other living species.
Happy Earth Day.  
How did you make us so shit?
@neiltyson get off of God's twitter account.
Cats?
At least 75% of the people I know live on their own planet. Shit, I need to meet different people.
But, lawd, grade schoolers plant trees... except this year... bc it's Sunday (your day of rest where people bow to you and give your appointees $$$... like that gem of a turd Joel Osteen). Oh, and thanks for Trump. He and his sheeple are bringing on the next great flood sooner.
Well, that and we're the only ones you made smart enough to do it. Of course we are also the same ones that tout our belief in science and are egotistical enough to think we're going to stop climate change. Go figure.
From your mouth to your ears
Thanks God.

"Instead you multiply, and multiply, until every resource is consumed. The only way for you to survive is to spread to another area. There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern...a virus. Humanbeings are a disease, a cancer on this planet.." -Matrix
Lol God's usually funny but that motherfucker was poignant  too
Just breath
A REALLY POORLY NAMED PLANET
Also only one species that’s somehow figured out how to shape their environment. “Nature, to be commanded must be obeyed.”
(Thanks for that, by the way.)
Ok....God has just one helluva point here. But, then again...He should know.
we destroy you creation send us another race to fight against from outter space
Amen  Lord!
Yeah, cause all the other species have the intellectual capacity to do so if they wanted to. /s
Hey big boy- remember “ in your image”
I love the fact that God follows just one person and that person is Justin Beiber! 
Jesus 2.0 xD
God! Well said.
Dear God, Thank you for saying "STFU @BishopTamaki " in such a fitting way.  Amen.
Not surprising. "God created man in his own image and likeness." there is someone to take an example. We do not know what happened before the earth, perhaps something beautiful, not capable of our reason, God destroyed it and created heaven and earth #EarthDay
We suck.  Really.
Damn thats alot of big words u have used
Amen.
Sad. Isn’t it
Ya, those dang marmots
Does that mean we are 52 times more alienated from You?
Thank you, God. Sorry for the mess we made. #EarthDay.
 god bless you
We are the most arrogant species in the #Universe ... what hath you wrought??? #AskingForAFriend
...last time I checked it was purported that you made that species in your own image! I imagine worse things are happening up there...Or?
Well I don't see no #HeavenDay. I guess your Divineness is possibly a tad well jel.
We are fucking lucky to have you, old boy!
Couldn't of put it better myself 
Machines shall wipe matter clean from the universe.
Rapture time....Baby!
When you designed the human brain, you failed to put in logic.
Pretty sure were the only species that acknowledges it!
Synexcoin 2.0 is launched, join our community and build a passive income with guaranteed 5% compound interest per month rate on your cryptos.
No more risks if the market breaks, the interest rate is directly linked to your crypto investment.
https://synexcoin.com 
