
What doesn't kill me makes me more strong so try harder. ..
Bad god...:(( 
@scottiebee1
My god is awesome God..you rule on heaven and earth...and you make me laugh my ass off
Focus really hard on trump
Ain't that the fucking truth.
Ouch
I’ve been praying for weeks now and my teeth haven’t even started to grow back, could you please send an angel to expedite the matter? I just can’t afford dentures, you know how it is...
I do not
Except gunships. Gunships will kill you
@thedebstermind see this profile xD
*Cough cough* Steven Hawking *cough cough*
Siktir deli
Wow... You must be trying very hard with me then...
Hey God,  how are you there? 
Am waiting....
The only way is Suicide. After that, everything disintegrate.
And what makes you try harder, kill yourself.

Oh Yes Harder, Hardeeeeer!
Savage 
@Alexxxandra26
try harder
And don’t you give up!
Before the big big impediments the governor limits kick in to the rescue #Salesforce
Dear who is to blame for this on earth.
Ain’t that the truth! 

Let's continue and see what you got
Why do you need to try if you are a God ?
I was12 when I almost died from a Benin brain tumor!...I'm 38 now and still waiting!!!
God, I feel like you need to take more ME time.  UBU
Lol
God, you should do stand up comedy! Hahaha!
Try harder then! Whatever you are doing isn't working so far.
You slay me God.
Feeling the love! Lol
Oh God, you're such a kidder.
Not!!!
You're like the Great Gonzo with a bigger motorbike.
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich 
YAHWEH, are You going to send the ANGELS to do SMITING???
SMITE   SMITE  SMITE  AMEN
Where can I buy the t-shirt?
You are failing pretty miserably.
True
Waaaaaaaa BS
No please! I haven’t bought house in heaven yet.
Being it!!
Must not really be God then if you have to try.
Where r u when someone is born, or a beautiful new thing comes into being? Do you only work the end?
Why even bother? We got this covered, just watch the show.
Everyone dies, and so will you. But don't worry, you'll die at the hands of a God that has transcended you, and be reborn as his son.
What doesnt kill you makes me harder
Will you watch the world burn?

Keep trying God
Well, that explains Ebola.
I've suspected this for a while now.
Come get me bitch!
It ALL makes sense now. Thank you?
Knew it.
Duh!
So you’re saying you’ve failed. That’s not very godly of you.

What a Lovely God You Are!


Oh God, you are such a kidder.
That tweet just got you a follow!
Slacker.
OK, it's official, that may be the tweet of the year.  I may have hurt myself when I fell outta my chair.  Note to self: don't piss off 'god'.
Hey God..i hv a question. when will u die??
Nothing is harder for you uuuu
I used to say that to the x all the time ... Used to ... thanks for wood chippers by the way ... and stupid cops who say ... " First time I ever heard a tree scream ! " ... Amen ...
I fucking knew it!!
Amen!
The Memorable God Father, The Creator Of The World & Our Saviour.
You're slackin' 'cause I'm still breathing.
@xxcocoberryxx Sound just about right....
perfect 
Love this one lol
Glad you’re trying tho
Good one lord
Try harder we got too many people down here!
Laughing because that's funny and because I assume you're not talking about me.  You're not,  are you?  'Cuz, um, that would make it a lot less funny.
Eh. I'm nonplussed eother way. Even you are finite in capacity, so there's no blame here. ;)

*knows full well what can of worms he's opening, here* >:D
Not hard enough apparently
That I FIRMLY BELIEVE.
I will say trump was a damn good try america may not make it
I feel like recently you’ve been really over-achieving. Take your time. Hell, I’ll help you slow down. I’m a pro-crastinator.
Why are u so old??
I like getting you so so hard.
oh seriously? what next? super poisonous stingy flying 5 foot spider?

Like you ever do anything but give orders. All the heavy lifting falls on my shoulders.
Omg, you’re so funny!
Hilarious!!!
God, I love you
 So Lord, you really do have a plan  for us. 
Ri muito 

:(((
what's your near death experience?
I know You don't think much of Your secretary, but don't kill him. I hate to break it to You, but I've an insight on this that even You don't have. Trust me on this O Lord. If Your secretary dies, Your tweeting will be finished.
Keep trying, don't give up on the seventh day
If you try harder you will break, try something smart.
Love tweet of God. So sinister, mean spirited, and downright creepy— just like the Old Testament and much of the New.
Still around huh. What “god” are you?
Damn.
upon 1st read,
I missed 'try'.

Thought God was
divulging his little known
sadistic predilections.

Oh, wait ...
Gee, thanks.
It's the biggest blunder. 
Harder you try, more strong man becomes.
Try ! to fail.
Stay the f**k away from antibiotic resistant bacteria, at least until my infected hand heals up. If you do, I promise to kiss Your eternal butt if You let me into heaven.
What doesn't kill you scars you for life
He hee hee
Choking with laughter

I love you God! Help me find a girlfriend, enlight me at work and give me strenght to go back to the gym. Protect me and show me the good way. God bless! Xox
I have the same request, Benjamin!

Have you considered nuclear war yet? Or at least radioactive mutant Republicans?
Lol
Good to see God has a wicked sense of humor!!
Don’t I know it!
Thanks god........
Is that what happened to Lot?
Well you're doing a shit job
Step ya game up, bitch! I’ve been drinking cooking oil and falling in love over here! Why am I still breathing!?!?
You”re evil God haha
The only thing we haven’t had in a while is locust
Good luck
Goddam, that's your best one yet.

Hey, soon, can you do one about how you supposedly never, ever give people more than they can handle?
Challenge accepted, game on mutha Fula
Oh God you make me laugh 
أريتويت ولا العيال بتوع دسوق دول هيردموني؟
@yourfavMada
Oh God!

Not trying hard enough with trumpster
Ok
Tu que?
De qué o qué pendejo?
Si le bajas 2 rayitas a tu vulgaridad y agresividad
Mejor...
Jajsjssj sacas chispas de corriente 
Capital 'M'. lol
Invent a God of your own and pray, it helps in murderous tendencies
Yeah! You’ll get there in the end!
What doesn't kill me inspires me to find better drugs.
Yeah well step in line God.....
@Maya_khalek
Dear God, Thankyou
Goddamn shit. Why can't I be this witty?
And why not. I'm sure you want to have as big a flock around you as possible. But why not go the whole hog and choose the nuclear option?
Well, that’s not at all foreboding when I just got out of the hospital.
why Lord, that's a whim-wham lie,
your curriculum vitae says otherwise
You're not trying hard enough... Trump's still here.
Plz keep trying.
Lol!
Goddamn you! 
Lol only say the word

LoL
I have climbed the mountain....and you pushed me off.
"Can we use that as our slogan for our high school outreach program?" - @NRA
Clearly, God needs an attitude adjustment.
Plz try ur bestest for me, 
Sincerely, 
The owner of this Twitter acc.
Thank you Sir.
My first glance at this read “what doesn’t kill you makes me harder.” Obviously the actual tweet is much better, but still.
See...I told people this was what was up! 
I think You are the funniest tweeters around!
I cannot stop laughing
Well that explains my chronic illnesses then...
Ha!  Love it. I'm so nicking that quote. 
You are very OT and OTT at the same time
Try an asteroid (worked on the dinos).
Good one
Which simply shows that you aren’t God.
I reciprocate.
Lazarus likes this 
Ouch
you should try even harder!
You are as much of a sick sob as you were when you had your son crucified to save humanity
Such work ethic. I dig that about you. Oh and can we order smitings directly from your twitter page?
You haven't got me yet 
Thanks a lot lol!!!!!!!
Please don't try too hard, we just finished a fantastic expansion to intake. I don't want to expand it again so soon.

I'm just focused on the expansion of the residential zones and torture chambers. 
I has armor. *slowly wanders away*
Give me a break.
Sorry but @PureNietzsche killed You first.
Every-BODY dies anyway...also with MAGA
Hahahaha  (died laughing RIP)
LOL!!!!! one of your best tweets yet
@s8n Satan was ryt about you
I think you should just start over and omit humans
u have tried hard during the holocaust
Oh God...this is too fucking funny
i appreciate it god. thank you 
I like how every reply has a God pun in it
Damn G. You cold blooded.
You're not trying hard enough God dammit
Keep trying, pussy. Nothing you've thrown at me so far has even slowed me down.
Seeing You makes Me Harder!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
