I do try and start every day reading the Bible. My wife and I try to have a prayer together before I leave the house every morning. But I do think I’m a very typical American. I think people of all different faith traditions cherish their faith in God. https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/965545735117770752 …
Can we please get God verified already @verified ? 
You have to prove God exists first..

why are you like this? 
because He's AWESOME
Do you mean "My god is an awesome god?"
I mean He - @TheTweetOfGod is AWESOME. Precisely.
This is probably the first time in the modern era that “awesome” has been used accurately - I.e. inspiring awe is only applicable to God.
I guess it's too late to mention that I'm an atheist.
Meh.  I’m a Jedi.  I was making a joke about language, guess it didn’t translate well in less than 480 characters.
ah, gotcha. That happens.
That was man not god!
Dear God, you are out of control!
Thank God for this account, literally.
So, you don't consider this sort of comment intolerant or disrespectful...even just plain unkind?!

I'll bet you're all about tolerating EVERYTHING else though! This happens to be our country's V.P. that you are trying to talk to. This is not funny!
If you're upset with things that are in the Bible you should take it up with the author, not god.
Mike lost me when he started with the words “I think...”
That's #FakeNews made up by Russia and liberals and gangs and Mexico
You forgot President Obama.
Trump would love that young girls .
Dude, Lot is no saint. I don't think you'd be any better if the Bible records your life and your words.
There she lusted after her lovers, whose genitals were like those of donkeys and whose emission was like that of horses. Ezekiel 23:20
Good clean fun!
Lot offered his daughters as a matter of culture in his region. Visitors are under the protection of the host. Had nothing to do with biblical principles. Lol. Some things in scripture are a matter of culture some things God ordained. Know the difference by studying the region.
If Lot's daughters were virgins, why did Lot have 2 sons-in-law?
Culture had nothing to do with Jephthah making his daughter a burnt offering. Sacrificing children was forbidden. Study some more.
What exactly do you “pray” about every morning before leaving your house @VP??
Please God, don't let any women ask me to have lunch.
Oh, God. You slay me yet again. Poor Pence. Damnation and hellfires await him.
You guys crack me up. You spend so much time trying to convince people that there is no God. Yet this supposed satirical account is called God. And you said Graham is in hell. Which doesn't exist right? What sad and bitter lives you must lead.
Yet, here you are my man.   Also, Santa is not real.  Have a smoke.
the real drag isn’t those who believe in god(s) immortal, it’s those who act like humanity is immortal too.
Dear God. Where do socks go when they die ?
"Different faith religions"?

Does that include Muslims?
I believe "different faith religions" means Presbyterian, Baptist, Catholic, etc. Encompasses the whole range...
What? You left out Hanuman? How dare ye, oh blasphemy!
I have to take everything about Lot with a grain of salt.

It’s the only way Pence can get “Mother” on her knees.
LOL
When you don't know the difference between descriptive narrative and prescriptive command, or you ignore it, it's easy to paint things in a light favorable to your cause. Context, genre, literary tropes, etc. aren't sexy, but they are necessary.
Wasn't Lot called a righteous man in the Bible? :) What difference does it make if it's a "descriptive narrative" or a "prescriptive command?"  The point is that those writers of old had a different picture of "righteousness" than we should not consider valid today.
What makes me randy?
Holy hormones.
Dear Veep, I DO start each day reading the Bible, & I Do pray ea morning before I start my day. Why is it that you have to TRY; why not just do it? Surely, u have nothing BETTER to do! BTW, I am a liberal Dem. and a Sunday School teacher. I pray to be spared fr people like u.
Which bible? With so many that are gods word written by man. A little confused here. Do not think Gods word need a rewrite. Thank for the prayers. Looking for some truth when comes to religion.
I go for the one that was free to download on iBooks. Easy to search through for relevant stuff.
This is either immensely funny or immensely sad, or perhaps both.  I’ma go with both.
You tell him, God.
God is angry & I totally get it. You’ve made your point with me ;)
Don't forget to mention in exchange for one of your minions.
The Bible notes good and bad deeds, especially in times of Sodom and Gomorrah. This part of the Bible is taught in churches in a certain context, and there are good lessons to be learned here. Attack Pence, attack the religious system, but faith and the Bible can still be good.
The same is true of Aesop's Fables.
Youd both do better to read the US Constitution, its historic amendments and The Bill Of Rights, President Dwight Eisenhowers Farewell address, JFKs inaugural address,1965 Voting Rights Act, SCOTUSʻs Obergefell_v._Hodges, 1990’s ADA,1965s SSAA.
I thought this Bible reference was going to be taken out of context by @TheTweetOfGod but low and behold, it's actually fucking true. Sheesh.
Hey God, if you could take a break from not saving us for a sec... I would like to know from the horses mouth about how you arrived at 2A:
.@NRA's Wayne LaPierre: Right to bear arms is "not bestowed by man but granted by God to all Americans as our American birthright." #CPAC2018 

They don't believe "He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword" or whatever non NRA type thing Jesus said.
Thank you for your biblical advice. You must really be god . Small g
Exactly. what. these. hypocrites. need. to. hear. They don't even know what's in their holy book. Or worse, they know and try to emulate a god they created in their own image. A god who allows such f***ed up s**t.

You are such a rascal.
Just keep up all that wonderful praying, cuz...., gollee gee......, I can tell it's working!
This was evidentally very popular in the bible, this mob rapin. Judges 19, ole boy gives up his old lady, then the next day, while she's dead or unconscious from all the violence done to her, he tells her to get off her ass and let's get movin. Gets crazier, if you can believe it
Thank You @TheTweetOfGod   The they can read Deuteronomy about stoning the rape victims in the city.
I’m a believer!
I really think you are the word of God. He gave us mangos.  And people are atrocious. What thanks.
HAHHAHA LMAO ROFL LOL THIS IS WHY I DONT HAVE KIDS EVER HAHAHA I AM ALWAYS RIGHT I MIGHT GET MARRIED AND ADOPT YOUR FAIL ORPHANS AND USE THEM AGAINST YA HAHAHA LOOOOOOOOL AH TRAINING IS WHAT IT TAKES SPOONFEEDING HAHAHA LMAO ROFL LOL 
Awesome
@AsYouNotWish for your action...
I also quite enjoy the gang of children being ripped apart by bears for mocking Elisha's baldness.
Good moral lessons there.
You leave the house without mother?

Lot being kind of messed up as a consequence of living in Sodom was part of the point of that story
I wonder if allah is also on Twitter...
Dear God, you rule.
The Bible would probably get a few strikes on facebook for hate speech against certain groups and sexism.

the Bible sounds like a MTV show
Thank you Lord, for getting me through another day.
He's trying to prove the pray away the gay thing with mother. Can't wait for the inevitable headline when the truth revealed. 1. Shady ex-bf sex tape 2.Washroom antics or best 3. Oval office antics.
Just remeber, when Trump goes, this albino Dan Brown assasin is taking over the office. #cringe
Lot’s daughters got even though.
Never underestimate the wrath of those you fucketh over! 
Peter 20:18
You're my favorite God.
the whole of.genisis 19 is just a treat.
They raped angles lol wtf
If anyone believe"s in God then Don't drink smoke or eat anything bad for you, oh ya turn the tv off as well. I mean anyone who really really believe's and he must be on your mind 24/7
Lol
He’s not God.
He’s a very naughty boy...

Just read that verse, is that for real?? It can’t be. Really?  I might read that bible, you know, ironically of course, it’s hilarious
God has won Twitter
Bless this twitter account. Seriously. 
He hears your voice.
I am more partial to Psalm 137:9
"Happy is he who repays you for what you have done to us / He who seizes your infants and dashes them against the rocks."
Why isn't any blue tock after your name?
Hey @Twitter , we are convinced with this one...can you verify it.
Hey @UIDAI ,can he apply for  aadhar card.
Attempting to hold back laughter..
Failing..
Attempting to hold in urine till I reach the bathroom...
Also failing lol
MORNING PICK UP
NOON LUNCH
EVENING TEA
NIGHT WIN HER
WHAT A CRUEL JOKE!
I prayed to god once, then I prayed to a toaster.... one of them gave me Pop Tarts. The other has yet to bring me Dolly Parton in a see thru top .... * hey, don’t judge me; you will not crush my childhood dreams!
Wait, was that really in the bible?
O my God ! Baaaaahahahaha
Don't forget the part later on where Lot sleeps with his own daughters after his wife is turned to salt.
Or what was that other story about fucking the maid servant because the wife couldn't get with child? Brother killing brother?
It’s Jon Stewart? Maybe Jason Jones?
Why are the aliens trying so hard to convince the humans they arent aliens. Trumps all im trustworthy the most trustworthy person you know. Now pence is i am totally normal not any different then any of you.... this point if hes a pedo i am not going to be suprised.
God spelled backwards is still Tacocat
I think it's worth noting Sodom and Gomorrah were burned to dust because God did not approve of how poorly the locals treated immigrants and visitors, Lot was offering his daughters to the crowd to protect his visitors and thus was spared...
U act like the Bible calls it good... it doesn’t
God then proceeds to take exception to guys fancing a bit of something similar with some pretty male angels and lays waste to a whole city in a homophobic fit!
You know, good American family reading!
Pence you are scary.
8 Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man; let me, I pray you, bring them out unto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only unto these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my roof.
 Your BEST post yet
What’s scarier, a Vice President that believes in an imaginary friend or the fact that tweets about talking to that friend will get him thousands of dumbarse American supporters?
Hey god, remember when you did this? Then God said, “Take your son, your only son, whom you love—Isaac—and go to the region of Moriah. Sacrifice him there as a burnt offering on a mountain I will show you.” Just for shits nansgiggles
Reading the bible is kind of pointless if you're just going to pick and choose the bits that support your prejudices and ignore the other parts that tell you you're getting it wrong.
So, some parts mean more than others? Some are true, while others...?
I have no opinion on the veracity of the book, I was simply commenting on the common practice of using selected and often out of context passages to justify particular prejudices.
Outstanding God !
So funny how people mock the only hope we have and the one thing they believe doesn’t exist..while mocking everyone & everything around them - because something tells them God doesn’t exist 

If mike is so religious then why isn't he following God on twitter?
Hey God!  

Can you get the word out that not only were the holy texts (Bible, Torah, Koran, etc.) all interpreted by the flawed hand of man, but that over the years they've been compiled and changed by many religious councils?

Bible worshipping is another form of idolatry
He did it to protect God’s Angels who were sent to warn Lot. His honor as a host compelled him to protect the travelers.
By giving up his daughters? Wow! Some god!
At time of writing it was incredibly honorable, as daughters were chattel property, and he was protecting strangers as is reinforced later on in the sequel. Obviously horrifying in retrospect: Lot was literally the least trash human in Sodom and is spared for this.
Amen!
And I'm a crackpot for talking to myself?!?  

Now about that other religion......no? Ah i see

Buzz off!
Thoughts and prayers answer all of the world's problems.
You've changed in the past 4000 years, @TheTweetOfGod. So why can't @mike_pence?
Lol thats blinding. Billions of people reading the book of their faith will all that crap written by humans and twitter God calls it out for what it is
Bible: open to interpretation? hurts to think about it 
Many writings in the old testament use metaphors like this. Its real meaning is that we should be prepared to give up our greatest treasures for a higher cause. A reformstion new testament changed this sort of writing. Islam needs one as well.
And remind him that Lot’s offer was an alternative to same mob originally wanting to rape 2 Angels who were in his house getting their feet washed 

Which God/Goddess?   There are many.
I do believe that if the world survives people like Trump and Pence,many years from now people will be amazed how people prayed to a nonexistent invisible man in the sky and actually believed such outrageous religious claims. It’s mind-boggling.
Oh my God... err--uuhhh...God. Stop this. 
Pences version of Christianity
I’m sorry God, but do you think the stork may have dropped liddle Mikey Pence? Cuz he scares the holy shit outta me. Amen
I prefer Genesis 19:30-37.
On the other hand: He's republican …
She's praying that he'll leave a little earlier.
I just looked this up and WTF???!!!
How about the part where you impregnate a married virgin so her carpenter husband has to cross a dessert on an ass with only a primitive navi system, get denied a hotel and then wait nine months for sloppy seconds?
Dear God, Hi!  It's me Morgan. Can u pls do me a favor and remind the Republicans that our Parkland teens are important and powerful? I think a reminder about all the things Jesus himself accomplished in his youth would help. They seem to forget what youth can accomplish....
Oh, God. @VP Pence said that every day he TRIES to read the 2 words 'The Bible'. He's silent about reading any part of it.
Or the part later when after god kills Lot's wife for the crime of looking back at the city he was destroying, Lot's daughters get him drunk so he will have sex with them. Gen. 19:31-35 Truly a top notch morality guide.
Been reading Revelations since @trumpcolluded elected. 
Got a legion of Apocalyptic Horsemen now: 
Bunch Russians, everyone @Trump , @realDonaldTrump 
@VP , @SenateMajLdr , @SpeakerRyan , Sessions, @NRA , @EPAScottPruitt 
Godspeed to
#MuellerIndictments
Is he for real?
He may need to utter a very different type of prayer soon.
Maybe learn to read before opening the bible mike....
You I love you!
And uncle Daniel Boone's rampage when his English daughter got snagged by a Cherokee!
-》The bit about cheating the census? Pennsylvania couldn't call us in Maryland with that information in 1985?
Heroes don't just birth themselves, ya know!
Thieves in temples= bad
@mike_pence

Jesus christ
God 
damn
him
I'm begging you, or beseech you, pretty please
Ah, just because an event/action is DESCRIBED in the bible does not mean God APPROVES of it...
?? How would you know whether he does or doesn't?
By reading it in context. In the case of Lot, God condemns his actions and the actions of the city. Lot is never commended to do that, and is never commended for it!
Ok, fair enough. You couldn't have known it from the nature of God though as he's more often a monster than anything else, which is why I asked as I assumed god was a part of Lot's family's demise rather than just an observer who condemned his actions.
Where do you get that idea from?  I’ve heard of ppl attempting to criticise god in the bible by citing the very rare verse in the Old Testament, but I’ve never heard anyone say something as crazy as “more often a  monster than anything else”.
I think the wiping out of the amalacites, the she bears killing kids, the Passover, Abraham and Isaac, the whole genesis story (a bad plan he knew would go wrong in the garden) and Job, to name but a few, are examples of just what a monster god actually was.
@VP is a #FakeChristian
If you only read about Job and Lot in the bible you have read all you need, to read hence the term ‘the job lot’.
The message, not the messenger. 
Lost in translation
Gotta love "The Good Book."
or perhaps that part where Lot's daughters get him so drunk that he has sex with his daughters.  Sorry I forgot to say Lot unknowingly had sex with his daughters when they slipped him a mickey.
Good on you, Mike! May I recommend the part where Lot offers his daughters up to a raging mob to be gang-raped because they're virgins (Genesis 19:1-8)? That's a real morning pick-me-up! https://twitter.com/VP/status/965658622381486080 …
Hey, God, I know this is off topic, but I need your help.  I've been out of work for ~6 months & not landing any interviews.  I prayed so hard to you last night my ears bled.  Woke up this morning, began submitting resumes again, but phone's still not ringing.  A spell please.
Does the Bible condone Lot's actions in this case: https://wol.jw.org/en/wol/d/r1/lp-e/2005084#h=14:0-21:368 … ?
Here is a great telling of the insanity of Lot choosing his daughters to be gang-raped over his new angel friends!!  @DrunkenTaoist  podcast!! Jump ahead to 32:00 for the Bible lesson!!
http://thedrunkentaoist.com/episodes/episode-46-flu-game …
You should quit..disappear for 4 more years. Your shits not even funny
God told Lot to throw his daughters out the door rather than have God’s male angels sodomized by the crowd. So, are you sorry now for your misogynistic behavior, God?
The Bible. The ‘Death Wish’ series in sandals.
Try? Do or do not, there is no try.
'God is a gas'
Alan Partridge, 1997

@VP Morality is the brain weakness - Arthur Rimbaud
That’s a God I can believe in 
@VP
When is Pence's wife going to turn into a pillar of salt like Lot's wife?  Or are you not going to give them an earthquake and drive them all out of office?

Great response from God!
Yeah, God. I know. Folks forget that you made a new covenant with man, profiled in your best-selling sequel, “The NEW Testament.”
“I call a mulligan on all that shit that happened before. My bad. Here’s the New Deal. I SWEAR I won’t flood the earth or murder all of your sons again to fuel my narcissistic impulses” God
You need to hit some Leviticus @VP , that’s where the good shit is.
Don’t forget that they each got their father drunk so they could have sex with him and get pregnant by him.
But then you've gotta get NEW daughters every day.  What a bore. Orphanages don't hand 'em out that fast.
God, aren't humans just your AI's gone wrong? it's been out of control for a while now...
What a good dad.
You tell him, God!
To be fair, Lot was making this great sacrifice to reduce the amount of sodomy in the world.
God don’t lie.......

The bible is my favorite fictional book.
perhaps the book of Amos (especially chapter 5) which threatens terrible punishment for those who deprive the poor of justice

maybe some Matthew 25:31-46 about feeding the hungry and sheltering the homeless and caring for the sick (no mention of whether you feel they deserve it)
What? ALL the Bible? Or does Mike gloss over the bits that call him and his craven kind "a piece of shit"?

No not "a very typical American" as most worship at the altar of their god "Coffee" in a morning.

What if they are Buddhist? They don't "cherish their faith in God"?
I pray for the success of atheism.
Tree @everyurbanword – at Quarterman Retreat Center
The men were rapists and were trying to rape the men. Lot knowing this was trying to persuade the mob because they did not know they were coming up against angels. When the mob became violent the angels blinded the crowd and helped Lots fam flee the city before it was destroyed.
I like Psalm 137:9
How blessed will be the one who seizes and dashes your little ones Against the rock.
Or kids dying of cancer don't forget shootings are because no "god" in school
Let me wave a reality flag in your face. You are a dyed in the wool apologist, not only for your Christianity, but for your people--the citizens of the U.S.  Not just the evangelicals with whom you closely identify, but all of the people.  Not just Donald Trump, but all people.
And an even better slap-Mike-down
Ouch!
Leave that stuff along with the house every morning.
It's tweets like this that make me wonder if Omarosa was right when she said that he believes Jesus speaks to him.
Good one god!
Hey, man. They're your words.
I like the one where you got beasts to tear children to shreds for mocking an old man. More à-propos, maybe. #LoveYourWork
OMFG!
God. Please explain:
“Before they had gone to bed, all the men from every part of the city of Sodom--both young and old--surrounded the house. They called to Lot, “Where are the men who came to you tonight? Bring them out to us so that we can have sex with them." Genesis 19:4&5
Mike pence looks like a possum
 oohhh God I love your sense of humor!
@VP
... 31 One day the older daughter said to the younger, “Our father is old, and there is no man around here to give us children—as is the custom all over the earth. 32 Let’s get our father to drink wine and then sleep with him and preserve our family line through our father.”
Whoa! I really need to read past Genesis, this is a really interesting book!
While covering for the most morally bankrupt man in history.
God is a terrorist.
Our VP, really keeping that spark alive.
@peralesjulie
Can't he just start the morning with a shag like normal people?
I prefer the hot incest between Lot and his daughters right after they were saved for being so righteous.
Fuck bible mate. Stop ignorance
I bet you don't have a daughter #wannabeGod
God, I love you:)

The bible is fake news
Fake outdated news, not even news... Just wondering gossip.
Amen to that hahaahaa
How about Isiah 36:12 and the men sitting on a wall eating their shit? Forerunner to the WH?
Those chicks in Ezekiel 23 will jumpstart your day too!!
And it only gets crazier! Lot's daughters get him drunk and rape him in order to repopulate the Earth. Meanwhile, the next village over was only a few short miles away. Yet, it's Lot's poor wife who's turned into a Pillar of salt for the crime of turning around. Harsh lol
God, could you please send Mike and Mother a very clear sign?
Love all the comments about the amorality of the bible from folks that think we need to be diverse and inclusive of other folks while patently ignoring their immorality. Hypocrisy and double standards are big with this flock I see.
Hypocrisy is when so called Christians spout and impose their religion on others when they do not even live the words of Christ, but in fact just the opposite. They judge everyone. They judge what is moral, holding up their bible. That is the point here, not condoning immorality.
When Mike says he reads a bible, it does not mean he reads the bible.

He just needs an imaginary friend to snuggle up to after his other real friend Don throws him under a train again....
Funny how all the good Christians ignore this , as well as the other really terrible parts of the Bible
...oh, you mean like abortions? Whereby fetuses are ripped from women's wombs as told in the bible? Heh
There are many instances of really bad things in the Bible
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
