Love you too god!
Daddy
Typo???  Did you mean. "You're all presidently fucked".
Have a little faith, dude. We'll get the hang of it.
Damn! God. You kiss angels with that mouth?!
That's pathetic
Whaddaya mean??
I mean the "kissing the angel" thing, that's gross.
What are you getting mad at me for? The God does it. Ask him. Dont you think he gets lonely sitting on the clouds?
You need to stop, that's totally disgusting.
What? Okay is it alright if i say goddesses?
“Be not deceived: evil communications corrupt good manners.”
1 Corinthians 15:33 @TheTweetOfGod
That's hot!
Yah! no shit Hey you @TheTweetOfGod a little help down here Omnipotent one
Can I have the honer to do the fucking here?
Goddamit?! I prayed no one would snitch? Ya GOTTA stop watching through my window, omnipotent one? Ya voyeuristic scamp, you.
Some interesting language for our young to witness.Whose the fake you or The Bible....Joseph
My Father God does not use cuss words. He does not like you using his title...You Must Change Your Twitter Handle https://youtu.be/gEVnoy8OXSk  Be obedient...Father God will NOT BE MOCKED... THIS IS NO JOKE...Disciplinary measures are being handed out #GodDaughter #Tupac #NewBeginnings
Lol wtf does Tupac have to do with any of this?
But can we get kissed?
Pretty much, yeah.
Verified.
Seems like it on Twitter though lol
You drinking again, Dad?
At least he's not watching Old Yeller again. Floods the world everytime.
A little hypocritical, as he invented rabies. Or was that due to the Sin of Dog? I can never recall...
No offense, but your Dad is kinda contradictory. I mean Leviticus is seen as the go to chapter for defining how to worship him, yet it being written from the third person implies that someone directly disobeyed him and followed Moses up the mountain with no punishment.
None taken - He can be a pill. Omnipotent, but still felt need to forsake Me as blood sacrifice to forgive y'all for a sin that you didn't commit. Couldn't just... Ida know - forgive them? Had to have me tortured and left for dead for three days? Your son? Not that I'm bitter...
At least you didn't have to take on the Greco/Roman style punishments that Christianity absorbed after Dante's Divine Comedy came out. I can't imagine burning in a lake of fire for eternity x5 Billion would be too fun.
Most of that is just propaganda. Hell for most people is just being forced to watch really sh1tty movies forever. ...with the director commentary on instead of the original sound track.
Sorry, fighting down the Zoolander flashbacks.


Thanks for being blunt.
Groovy !
#noshitsherlock

So true...
And presidentially as well!!
Nah.
Waw thanks god :D
Look who is talking.....
Well this is the most capt. Obvious statement you've made. Off day to day god. Try throwing lightning. Like a lotto ticket for the reciver or to us all if you hit trump and pence.
Fuck
Are you ok? Do you need a man hug?
Tell me about @ITSJEREMYSCOTT – at Georgia Shoes
It's ok. Half of us will send out thoughts & prayers & do nothing. 1/4 of us will say "there is no god" & also do nothing. The remaining 25% will get some shit done, no matter what we believe will get us through.
Do insects go to heaven or hell?
All the time
MAJESTIC
all hail the magic conch
Can god be a little less cynical? I feel like she would have litgrown her emo phase already
thanks God
Oh Lord, if I’m so fucked then why am I not smiling? 
That's pretty threatening and scary coming from the being who set the precedent in the first place with a flood!
Many will come saying they are me DON'T BE DECEIVED!!!!!
.@realDonaldTrump @VP @WhiteHouse @PressSec @PRESlDENTBANNON @GOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenateDems @SpeakerRyan @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @TiffanyATrump @IvankaTrump @SenSchumer @SenWarren @NancyPelosi @RepAdamSchiff
I have a request God.  HELP US!
Haaaaa DO SOMETHING!
This doesn't help comfort me.
NO SHIT SHERGOD.
Vut god, how's can I not snort the weed.
No shit Sherlock
Yup
Hoe could you let this happen? Did you listen to all the Christians that prayed from Drumpf presidency, or is Vladimir Putin more powerful than you?
this is very funny.
I blame you..
Well, it’s better than 1945.
Amen.
We've been f*cked before! Many times.

Or “unpresidentially” ?
I’m disappointed that I now have to acknowledge that there is a god and it thinks we’re fucked. #doomed
Yep know that.
Unpresidentely fucked.
whats your obsession in f-ing human life ? i bet even uf u don't do anything...we will do it ourself 
Ouch. 
Yaya
shit yeah. Cheers!
I know. :(
We know.
Dear God. Are you there? It's me,  random woman.  Can you please make it all stop?
Thanks for the word of inspiration
Gee...thanks. 
We know. Wait. Some of us know.

Grimes - Butterfly [Official Video] https://youtu.be/ADPk5PpkjMg  via @YouTube
I thought everything served your will, and you were all loving?
Thanks, God.
And many of us have already figured that. Any suggestions besides political action?
Sadly, you speak true Lord.
You suck. 
Aren’t you supposed to forgive us?
You are starting to sound like the Valentines Day card my wife got me.

What do you know
THANKS GOD!
@Dannyvez
you're not the boss of us
Do you bleed?
thanks God
Then you are complicit 
Well...it’s better than being unpresidentially fucked.

A
,,,,,,,,,Q

AAQA
You’re so wise
Yep. We can see that. Any suggestions?
Speak for yourself dude.
By unprecedentedly unpresidential @realDonaldTrump.
Thank you God for those uplifting words. I totally agree with you. Plz send help!

You _did_ create us to have an expiration date...
Just because you're the big G, don't think we haven't weathered our share of shitstorms before. We've been f***** and we recovered. With or without you, we shall overcome. Join us for a cup of tea some time, you'll see we're not all that bad.
Yes...yes we are.  Thank you for confirming.
Insight from Italian election?! 
So, evolutionary genocide is taking place?
Not me. I have a good lawyer. 
Not to make light of the current situation, but I'm pretty sure we've been precidentedly fucked before.  There was this one time when it rained and rained and... But wait, I'm sure you remember that, don't you?  Last time anyone saw a unicorn.
Really?  You out of lightening bolts?
I expected more of you, God.
Just end it you masochist
Good thing I actually enjoy fucking then. :^)
Sounds like somebody needs a wake n bake...
As long as we can use your protection though, we shouldn't catch anything.

Tell us something we DON'T know!
No shit Sherlock !!

You mean unpresidentially?
We KNOW..
Thanks god - I knew we could count on you - NOT!
Please tel me you're talking to Donald?? @realDonaldTrump
Except me Dad, Mary. 
ps the disciples don't like the wine list for the last supper.
ps2 stop calling it the last supper - Jonas is being an arse.
Like hell yeah!
Still not verified?
Well you're the one that made Eve.
Yeah, we know.

God gave Noah the rainbow sign,
No more water, the fire next time

#LightEmUp 
*unpresidentally*
What else is new?
Thank you for letting us know
Under Your eye
But I don't believe in you, does this mean I am saved? You know what they say, Faith means you exist but without proof no one believes. With proof there is not faith and then you disappear into a cloud of your own making.
It's all part of Your plan Dude! Don't act all surprised...
Dude, I've been following you since your creation, but Twitter apparently dumped you from my following list against my will. Have just refollowed again, and wanted to heads-up you that if your number of followers seems to have diminished it's probably not voluntary. #WTF
Not yet bt hv almost reached there
I figured we were all fucked when @realDonaldTrump stated he wanted to be President for life. 
Lets make this whole existence thing worth while then aye?
Is all this part of your Plan?
And whose fault is that, mister lets give them Free Will? Sheesh!
LOL
I love waking up to tweets like this. It’s all about context.
@El_Marrakechi you're the coolest God
You saw this coming, omniscient douche.
When in rome do as the romans do lol talk the tallk walk the walk
@Jonte_oh
@gk491 
Stop rubbing it in. Benevolent my ass
Or are you just being mysterious again, you do have those phases now and again
Wasn't the great flood precedent enough?
Thanks God ..
Yeah, I get that feeling too. When martial law is declared you can say I told you so.
Thanks for the update, G.
Thanks we know that!

Where’s the solutions?
Some f***in God u r
Amen.
Why don't you try using the word 'begat' again ?....and bring it back into fashion.....Boz
Big word 
u gone give us another holocaust? stop there god.
We all live a better life than you #wannabeGod
Tell your son to get dressed and come on down. There's plenty of wine! I'm sure we could scrounge up some crackers too.
You're bringing me down, man.
God works in mysterious ways
So, no change then, O Lord of Tumors.
holy crap hahaha
Hitler, Stalin, Mussolini, Franco, Idi Amin, Gaddafi, Asad et al hast Thou forgotten, Lord? A bigly devilish lineage doth the ill-begotten Orange One boast.
...any news or good advice?
I know
And how’s your day?
Cabron.
Hi god. Have you ever thought about a career as a motivational speaker?
Oh, thanks. Thanks a lot.
I’m not!
YAY!
Then why did u create us with the conscience to be idiots ?
True.
You tell us, God!
I love the word of God; I always feel uplifted after hearing it.
Do something, Almighty!
And presidentially fucked as well.
....not sure what's going to get you first but the outlook's not promising
What can I do?
Can I trade any points to get an upgrade on the living hell America has become under Putin’s Orange B*tch? Honestly, I’ll take all ten plagues of Egypt at the same time over the Curse of Trump.
Tell us something we don't know
Thanks for the confirmation 
You took David Bowie. Leonard Cohen and Gabriel Garcia Marquez from us. Of course we are fucked.
Oldman
Synexcoin 2.0 is launched, join our community and build a passive income with guaranteed 5% compound interest per month rate on your cryptos.
No more risks if the market breaks, the interest rate is directly linked to your crypto investment.
https://synexcoin.com 
