Oprah: I'll run for president if God gives me a clear sign http://hill.cm/8yI0T3b  
Satan gave me a clear sign. Does it qualify him?
:D
Thank you
And she said The Secret was a good book. She’s not fit for any serious job.
As always, spot on.
You have your answer, @Oprah !
I'm a firm believer in denying the office to anyone who thinks they can hear the voice of a god and/or accurately interpret said god's signs.
If Bible's fakers news How's you God father created of human beings?
God's possibility. Amen.
Gang signs and prayer ... Stormzy
@eileen_sh She's quickly becoming my most disliked celebrity
I’m with you
Hey none of know to be fair right?? 
Surly she means money not sign
I'll run if Odin Allfather tells me to!
did you see my last tweet right before I read this one? Exactly!....Enough with the "signs from god"!!! Leave him/her out of it!!!
Hmm you sure you're not just frightened by her ratings...let's face it yours have been on the slide for quite a while now, allegedly ? 
Thanks God
Thank you, God.
That and VP Gail.

No thanks.
Wait - God is on Twitter?
@HollyConway sorry. He already did
haha great, come on Oprah!
No offense to oprah....but no more people in politics saying that god sent me a message

Just don't. You won't get my vote.
She’s going to see you in her toast one morning, i just feel it. 
The inanity of a country created on secular principles that insists that it's leaders pretend to talk to a beardy sky fairy.

she was just quoting all the white people who used it then the reverse of it later
Fuck Oprah. Another hand wringing know it all. She makes a speech next thing you know she’s Presidential. Maybe Dr Phil can be Speaker.
The sign is under her seat
So, if she runs against Trump, you're going to abstain?
if she runs for president i will run for my life
Thanks God.  You are right and I don’t even believe in you.  For this, Oprah is disqualified.
lol

Give her a surprise penis
Well, you have given it to Trump AND to Bush! (and maybe to Hitler, but his writings on you are unclear) 
So why not Oprah?  Are you a racist?
Please enough of the quackery supporters or celebrities with no relevant experience in positions of power.

Having McArthy on your show spewing that anti-vax bullshit should have been an earlier dis qualifier. Then she doubled down on Dr. Oz.
How about un UNclear sign?  He'll just do nothing, okay?  May start today or tomorrow.
:) I love my father.

I know, right?
Oprah as God's gift. Come on!
Didn't You just have to go thru this shit with Michele Bachmann?
You get a tax CUT, YOU GET A TAX CUT , AND ALL OF YOU GET TAX CUTS!! TAX CUTS FOR EVERYONE!!
Not you ,, but Satan
Hey, my mom apparently hears you a lot. Can you stop that. I'm really tired of you telling her to pull me out of karate and to be a dick to my gay friends

What’s up with billionaires?
Where are the “Lincolns” of our age???
God says no to Oprah? This proofs god dosn’t excist...
What little interest I had in this woman, has now been lost!
Yup, don’t use My Name in politics!
Hell no.
How can an entity that does not exist give u a sign?
Thanks God, she is an idiot !
I agree 100%, anyone who says God speaks to them or has received a sign from God is not qualified to lead this country. I don’t want someone who believes in fairytales making decisions.
Schitzophrenia lolz
Finally I agree with you God.
 & 
@Oprah If you hear God talking to you, you are crazy and not fit for public office. Sorry to burst your bubble but deities are not real and do not spend time telling people to run for office!! We can’t indulge this bullshit anymore. Our country is at stake.
Dear God, she was ridiculing republicans. I thought you know all things.
I’m with you, God!
I’m sorry, but fuck this.  I hate oprah.  She’s a horrible person and the fact that some people hang on her every word like she’s some kind of god makes me want to die.
ya, also let’s just cut out this celebrities as politicians thing. 
obviously it’s a fucking nightmare.
Right?  I’m not interested in people like that being world leaders.  They’re not equipped for it, nor do they have the appropriate advisors to guide them.  All they have are fans, idiots and yes men.
yup yup yup.
@TheTweetOfGod . Thank you for making that clear. We have celebrities running both the US and Canada at the moment. It can be done if the celebrity surrounds themselves with good people as Justin has done but it is a troubling trend.
Thank god! I agree with you. We don’t need another celebrity as president.
Any hint when you’re going to unplug the juke box and call  “LAST CALL”!? maybe time to scrap this, and move to a different dimension?
Amen to you!
I think if Mr Trump were faced with the very opposite, yet a similar background, he’d have quite a challenge with Ms Winfrey. And I think he knows it.
Which God is she referring to?
I don’t really want a president who has imaginary friends that they rely on for advice on running or not.


Ha! That's exactly what I thought. Praise the Lord.
LOL @GKPortugal
If the current 'president ' isn't enough of a sign then wtf would be??
Stupidious
Can we please have someone more capable than an Oprah please - especially after the current orange disaster sitting in the Whitehouse?
The only thing that God gives, is choice. It's up to you make a fuckup.
.... and @Oprah just became a joke if she runs ...IMO .... repeating the words of the right is an instant disqualifier
No More TV Stars!!!!!
Naughty allah

I'm glad you said that but I'm still mad at you for giving G.W. Bush all that shitty advice.
"That sign from god shit is an immediate disqualifier"  thank you, dear god 
It sucks that you have to be a Christian to be president. Like you have to be a skitzo...
@peralesjulie
What do you mean, No? Surely a 'sign from God' is a necessary and well established part of the US political process?
O, Zeus! 

U won't get a clearer sign than Trump.
Can we please not have another celebrity President.  Jesus Christ!
Hear hear!!  Please do not give any signs.   Unless you can see clear to open the ground below her
Right! The real Gods burden is knowing what is going to happen, not making something happen.
If she runs then this is the first hurdle to deal with.
Amen!
She has to wait for a lot of old white people to die...she shares the same level of profane entertainment entitlement BS that the Orange Tinged Mangina Burdened POtuS twitmeister extraordinaire has....same bag of crap, different container. No thanks...keep your signs to yourself.
But...but....it's Oprah:(
Thank you God!
I didn't know Oprah was retarded too. Do America have any good candidates at all, or do every president have to believe in ancient fairy tales?
Thank cthulhu!
People who bother you and I think you know what I mean by that G?  Let’s call them “god botherers” should not be allowed anywhere near politics.
Come on, even if the sign appears after sacrificing the sheep?
Well said god.  You know the score.
You should run. I would enjoy seeing you lose. And lose you will. Also I would love to hear why you think you’re qualified to deal with all involved.
maybe a few boils?
Is @Oprah trolling what’s her name? Maybe God will give her a pass if she’s trolling... But also, Oprah, we love you, but don’t run.
Oprah is a weirdo she's talking to God
Thank you.
Whew!  Okay, good.  And, thanks you.
Even though she took a poll if she should or not to her fans, and got over 60% said no.
Good heavens.  No Oprah.
Well,you better sit down,because you’re going to get tired of waiting!!!
I love you Oprah, but this statement is both delusional and grandiose.  Do good in other ways.  Support voter registration and organization.
Why do we think people in entertainment are qualified for potus? If anything Trump has taught us, they would be puppets for a party.
Well in fairness, Trump being president couldn’t be a clearer sign if you tried!
Much obliged, Lord.
Have you considered giving a not very clear sign?


She is a good hearted, well spoken, billionaire woman. Opposite of the current president. All good things. Let's keep in mind that she is flawed as fuck. Because of her we have Dr Phil, and Dr Oz. She heavily promoted "The Secret". Look it up. All terrible things.
What changed your mind?
Thank God
thank you, God.
Time for another billboard 
So correct.   Tired of having rich celebs as politicians thinking they can run the government.  Didn't we get enough with Bozo Reagan and now this current clown?
Reagan was a governor. He had at least political experience. I wasn't a fan, don't worry... ;)
You can’t deny God until he proves to us he exists or expect him to make him love us. If we want true love we go get it, and heaven is as real as life & death are! Good morning  
Drugs are bad.
All drugs that cause crime, depended or hurt the youth are bad! 
Drugs don’t cause crime, drug laws do
Thank God. Glad you could clear that up.
I’d say she’s being sarcastic.
Word salad.
So confused. I thought Oprah was God.
"If God gives ..." is a sentence for the media not for an actual deity.
Yep.
Can America you know, vote for people who are actually qualified? Or better. Vote for scientists, philosophers, scholars.
No scientist, philosopher or scholar has ever been among her favorite things or got her dumb book stamp. That should suggest she’s too dumb to be president. But this is America, so...
@omarali50
Thank You God! 
Now if you could send a flashbolt to the current president, we'd all appreciate it!
I would prefer a qualified progressive candidate with appropriate experience but if Oprah is what it takes to get that ulcer out of the Whitehouse then I would get behind it
But you don't exist so.....
Still, she’d be immeasurably better than the douchenozzle currently in the WH.
Does Oprah believe in you?
Oh, snap!
NO MORE CELEBRITY POLITICIANS!
....and I give you a sign, and you, and you, you will all get a sign..,.
Nobody gives a shit about your say #wannabeGod
Your first public office should not be POTUS, ever.
Agree. Not ever. I don't care who it is. It's not an entry-level position.
She should consider Betsy’s position, education
You get health insurance, and You get health insurance, and YOU get health insurance, EVERYBODY gets health insurance... could be her slogan. Crowd goes wild.
You are the best, God!
But now you've given her a sign! (Humans will hear 'yes' even though you said 'no'.)
I predict she won’t hear your “no.”
If Oprah won there would def be a lot of free shit. Imagine the inauguration. You get a car! You get a car ! Everyone gets a car !
Oprah’s always loved a bit of woo woo!
Hey GOD, what do you think of the British Nigel Farage and Boris Johnson?
It's an easy out. She probably isn't expecting an answer.
Thank you Lardt
Get on it, please.
Plz give us back #Shridevi
Hey Oprah, God here, you have my permission. Go for it hen.

Get an amen 
This is probably so messed up to laugh at  but I love this Twitter account and this tweet made my day 
You send her a burning bush I'm gonna smack you so hard you'll think you're Jesus again.
Unfortunately, she'll only see affirming signs.
@TheTweetOfGod 

When God said shit was a joke i hope your talking about when you disqualified satan ... Im your mole then
Yup

Bruh...
I hope she doesn’t seriously.
But God, the current President won by pandering to your followers.
nonononononono
No more TV celebrity Presidents please!  No offense to Oprah - she's awesome - but I think the experiment has failed spectacularly and we don't need to do it again, even with one of the "good guys'!
Guys i got a reality tv show idea- President of America! - follow them as they compete and rise up to the seat of power!
She better not. I won’t vote for a Republican, and if she ends up being the choice for us Democrats.... theeeeeen I won’t vote.
Set her bush on fire
I think that was her point 
Amen 
Just  like you want all those people to win "reality" game shows.
Wonder if god told her about Harvey Weinstein victims or maybe she knew but god told her not to tell

When reviewing your track record, I agree.

Give her a sign, maybe a heart attack to Trump ?
She should know better...
You could send her on a quest for the Holy Grail..

Dear God, don't let this anti-science, antivaxer idiot run for office.
US has taken reality TV to a different level
What kind of sign is it
 it sounds like she’s already started her campaign...
teeheehee
So, how shall we know Your sign? 
Stole this, prob gonna wear it out
Oh dear no
That was a Blitzkrieg 
but TD Jakes always says he got a sign from you that I will be rich?
Agreed, God. And personally I do NOT want another celebrity show host as POTUS.
Agreed. But she has been on numerous talk shows lately and has said on all of them, that she is NOT running. I didn’t read the article but the headline is incorrect.
I like her, and I like her political views and her work ethic. She can still be a force in change. I just hope she stays out of politics.
I'll be very fine with her as some sort of US Ambassador. President? Please, no.
Agree totally. 
@Oprah ayoooo check this out
Good decision.
maybe a bolt of lightning..... to the Oranges one wig?
@Oprah
Gonna need more billboards.
Why do we want another celebrity in office after Trump? Thanks God, for preventing this.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
