There I always room for another..apply as a junior..baba
Love it.
You can be a gatekeeper here
Hahahahaha
We don’t employ cursing gods.
Ha Ha Ha
At least overstaffed.....it's a good term....
May be u r talking about Hinduism....
Bcoz in others.....there is no vacancy....

U try again and again...
May be u ll also be accepted...

All the best
Hahaha
You have chance just add Sri Sri Sri Sri...three four times for alternative employment
Godamo Goddam Goddahaa....

Thanks but we already have about 330 million gods. Try again next year. Cheers
*nxt birth
Overstaffed and Under Performing
TamilNadu is still an option... we are understaffed. Thanks to Periyar :) He would have loved you
 we have 36, 0000000 gods/goddess to be precise.
It had 999 comments - my ocd kicked in.  Here’s 1000
It’s worse than a DMV. Now serving...no one
Yup
Try bribing a few
Ha lol
Oh God @TheTweetOfGod  please take over..  They all are useless
Did you try bribing them?
Link your Aadhar first then try again.
pls reapply under some quota, there might be a vacant post available
buuahahahaah
Hahaa....
Don’t get too discouraged, God. I’m pretty sure the Human Resources department of the Divine has at least kept your application. You might get a call after one of them retires! 
if you wore a saffron robe, you would have been at least in the waiting list
not to mention, you were LATE for about 2000 years AT LEAST.
@wickedwild_avi  mot
You aren't fit for the position as GOD need not to Apply but EXPERTS it.
I'll be looking forward to visit your temple, if you ever get selected. Just let me know when you join here in India.
do you know GOD - DOG
Hahahahaha
You’ll always be a goddess to me dava
Doh! you’ve applying for That role and didn’t know?
I think you need more arms.
hahaha 
Well then I guess u need to race against each one. Survival of the fittest should work !
Hahaha
Lol
No body can stop you becoming your own god !

Awww .... come on...we have over a billion people in the country and only a few million gods.We can find a spot for you. Tell you what we reserve places in government jobs. Bet there is a reservation for gods too you can apply as an immigrant. We are suckers for foreigners
Ha ha ha... you better stay where you are. We do have a whole lot of our own. 
God is Abrahamic construct and need, not Hindu.
hahahahahahaa Hillarious!
Good Luck bro 
@devduttmyth
Did you try applying for tech support?
Don’t despair. I hear that employment there is improving, ( and Ganesha is looking to relocate. A possible opening!)
Sorry, not at all overstaffed, there is a policy change. Once upon a time in India, registration was open to gods from all cultures. We have frozen it now; only Hindu-brahmin gods are hired. If you have Aryan lineage claims, please consult @davidfrawleyved
I applied to be a god in India but apparently they’re overstaffed.

Yep....last saturday I learned from nature document that one god lives in roach in Ganges....As kids we gave that fish to cats.....mudtaste.....
I m one of them fortunately..
Well, to be an indian god, u should have an animal as your sign, u should weirdly have 4 hands, a weapon, an enemy against whom u have had fought n much more.. its hard but once u accomplish it, people will blindly follow u...

are you still waiting? hang tight, you might get towed away!
So you just came anyway and converted a whole bunch of people forcefully?
Try america and Europe. Theirs gods are due for retirement.
You are not god .. god
In India it Still have lot of Scope in this area.
Ye sab to bas bahane h....U’re just covering up the story......Tmse entrance hi clear nahi hua hoga
Oh no!!! It's a missionary!! Everybody run or they're going to give you an education in systemic oppression!!
If you are not from General Merit category you'll get the job though it's overstaffed 
Because there is no reservation there.
You already worshipped here god..Love u
Ouch
Send me your CV!
 See --> https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10154839769141708&set=a.10151890735781708.1073741888.789631707&type=3&theater …
No vacancies bro
Obviously your tweets are operated by some child raping catholic pope's...
@IsItFOO India -3rd.world -leading in sex trafficking & child poverty
You are always welcome in India we already have 330 million of goddesses and gods and i am sure they will like you! ;-)
It's 33 koti means 33 types.
There are 33 types of Devi-devtas

Also you can start practicing ...”har har modi ghar ghar modi”
Applying is difficult process here. Your files will be transferred from one dept to other and by the time your application gets accepted you wouldve created a whole new world.
The replies to this tweet of yours just proved it - we ain't have no sense of humour!
@felicity
Hahaha...
This is hilarious @minazsmith02
Well unless you know how to smartly navigate yourself through the busiest lanes/jam packed trains/long queues - you don't qualify to be an Indian hence you may have been rejected. Over staffing or over stuffing is not a major issue at our end.
Ah @TheTweetOfGod it’s yourself , sure how’s things ? Cud u give @JimAllister a wee tweet and tell him to wise his wee head and not get so stressed out all the time ? He needs it .  now
Do you happen to belong to schedule cast/schedule tribe? If yes, then we have plenty of quota for you in the god department too.
I'm sure they'll let you in with good behaviour 
We have too many gods. And even more dungheads to kill and die over them. And an insane leader who cares too much about cows and taking the perfect photo every time. We need a lot more sane people. We need you.
We need more to clean the mess created by British... You will require them soon in your country also..
What's your stream? Apply with details. There's always hope. Vacancies can be created.
you are welcome
Firstly learn How to impress the government of India like Baba Ram Rahim then You are succed in u r bussiness!!!!!!! 
https://twitter.com/DeShobhaa/status/965858102481338368?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E1 …

Told you.. Dint I?
Godmen are the biggest and sharpest businessmen in India. Who audits their books? 
You can still apply via NRI quota
None on Twitter though! So persist and succeed
I wish I could dislike this tweet but I cant, so you playing God stop it. Don't go and make "fun" of my religion, its tasteless for Christians and Hebrews alike.

Try to be a Godman.. There is a vacancy  opening in place of #RamRahimSingh
And he can appoint jakir nalayuk as his spokesman.
@Hamidrezashaye
Pls don't aspire of descending in India as Indians are in a process of being looted by none other than the one who claimed to be the watchman of the nation.

You are surely to be annihilated to yourself.

Reconsider your modicum idea Sire.
Regards
Dear God not only do they have many many many Gods but many many needy people and you're not gonna get any money
no need sir already we have Crores of Gods, india need a Honest secular Educated Leader like Lal bahdadur Shahtri, Abdul kalam
God ji.. Ram Rahim ki jagah khaali hai.. kardo apply! 
Don't worry you are the founding  member of the community already.
haha!
Thought about turning an intern
looool..
Government run.
Love from India. Dear God 
Lols over populated ...even devil section is highly crowded ..spend time on Twitter and enjoy urself
Try to apply it from SC/ST Quota, Reservation gonna help you
R u fired?

Oh goodness gracious me I vill go talk to Shiva the destroyer
The original Hinduism was as monotheistic as it gets. Ekam sat bipraha bahuda badanti. One truth but wise men speak it in many ways. 330 mn Indian gods are actually the many manifestations of the one God because God says "I will come to you in whatever form you pray".
And you are telling this to the "God himself"???!!!!
Try for a hefty bank loan instead

You're too white perchance.

Yah True but we will adjust you in all!!! We are the best in#Adjustment and don't mind to have One more #God
We could create a temporary position for you !
The job:
1) Make us a coherent society, beyond our differences on casts, regions & religions
2) Reduce corruption in our midst, i.e.,90% from current level 
Probation period: 5 Yrs.
Our current set of Gods are not effective enough !
Hindus in comments : Mocking Hinduism. 
I swear....only in India....only in India.
You are using Twitter using English and replying on Tweet of God who makes a living out of making fun and satire on religion, How could you say that India is only place where people mock religious dogma in general is full of irony and stupidity,Why a man is not supposed to laugh?
Yah but #India can Addopt you very Easily
JA BE JA!
We have
+ saints
+ babas
+ cricketer
+ politians
+ Doctors
+ etc whom we virtually believe are like God

But we believe in only One God who always ther with us

Our Parents 

#ind
Yeah, all indians are God and Goddess ,by heart and action.
If it is sarcasm, it is really a good one. If it is monotheistic supremacy, see what it has done to this world. Alas!
Addition of one more won't matter much :p
And even if you did, make sure you link it to your Aadhaar and Pan card..
Please apply in Saudi Arabia or the Vatican, there is only one God there @ShashiTharoor
Coz ur not worth it...  #so Called God
LOL YES
That was never an excuse. Whenever anyone worthy came up, there was automatically a vacancy declared
There is no need to apply to become God(man) in India. Do something crazy, think out of the box, wear weird clothes, show some tricks, and talk in a polite and fascinating manner...your job as a God(man) is pucca. Half of the  job has been done by twitter!
We have just two Gods. 1) Political God @narendramodi  and 2) cricketing God @sachin_rt .  What is the category you wanted to apply for?
Your are Twitter God. What more do you want ?
That’s hilarious 
One simple reason why you didn't qualify for Gods #wannabeGod
Actually, exactly the right number, it turns out.
They are not overstaffed, maybe you are applying for the wrong post....
Dear God ,such disillusionment happens if you restrict yourself to internet, the  knowledge shrinks
No ur rong , we know how u tolerate , adjust, accommodate, and have believe in God , even he or she looks like or just say I m god, we are are firm believer, unconditional love for god, selflessness, nothinglessness, yes is ok no is ok but widout office,
You can't apply unless you have Aadhar
Good. So try in some atheist country. We are proud of our overstaffed GODS!
ROFL!
Salary expectations are also poor
Can u make it I win heaps on lotto and I send u 10% lol 
Hahahaha
Yep! Those numpties have millions of gods. Idiots!

Lol
Then be a godman. We're never overstaffed for them.
Don't feel sad, buddy! India is a proud, if poor and somewhat idiosyncratic theocracy. The temperature is way too hot anyway, and the humidity is a killer. they did, however, give us the bangalore torpedo! And Bombay Gin. But the gods run in the family. literally.
Yes.. you'll never be a god here.. you don't have ethics for people to follow you
It's right
And if it s rest a part of the World for you god, youre  at a Lucky tweets.
Lol
@theJugaadist
India already has a living God. His name is Sachin Tendulkar
Start with being Godman its more sexy !
That too has reservations
And not to forget, lame.
Haha... our nation don't need one more God, we already have 33 crore God & goddess plus the extra foreigners God introduce to us.....
U should try once Mr. Kaka
Come on buddy..Don't be sad..There is always space for more here...We believe god resides in all of us.
Happy chappy from Canada is looking out for you. They are Understaffed
@taslimanasreen

No Vacancy for God is impossible in India bcos for Indians everybody is God!

Haven't you seen or heard of Namasthe?

On the contrary. We had 330 Mn gods looking after 150 Mn people. Then Globalisation happened. The rest of the world moved in, but added only 4 or 5 new god's. And that's the way the cookie crumbled. So hop on. We have a vacancy for almost a Billion Gods
Good evening to all.....
Hahaha...that's ok...wait Untill someone gets fired...
try "Ukip leader" there's a vacancy there and you'll only have to do it for a couple of hours, then you can pack it in or do something unsavoury..... (real old testament stuff would do, y'know smiting or destroying stuff in a fit of pique) and you can move on to something else?
Apparently U need 2 link your Aadhar first...
Haaa thanks
being a jealous 'God'  who send others to hell for not being a believer, is WRONG qualification to hv for such job.
How about reverse of GOD!?
That's true, and you're not qualified enough to apply for that position in India. 
Applied to whom ????
#MeToo
They have outsourced EVEN you OH MY GOD
Wrong analysis, there is still place for many more...keep trying you too will have your temple
Reservation h Kya us area me ?
ऐसा करें.. आप थोड़ा अगल-बगल (देश) भी देख लें.
Hahaha. #NoVacancy

Dear Mr. God, If you don't have a chance to be a god in Hindustan (Bharat) then try to apply for Nepal. We are always welcoming to you in Maha Shivaratri at Pashupatinath.
And over privileged! The poor can starve but the Gods never do. It’s the best job any God can have. Plus, our recent vacancy has been filled by the-“cow”-mother. Her welfare’s far more important than women’s welfare in the country.
You’re 360000001 in the queue, to be precise!
Well you got to clarify - God of what? Till you clarify application won’t move forward, even if you are God.
Hehe! Way too over staffed, I tell you! 
Did you consider auditioning for “the apprentice” Bollywood?
Keep applying..pay scale is good.


Hahahah
Yeah billion+ god bharai ki rasam are living proof.
I applied to be a god in India but apparently they’re overstaffed.
haha
@sachin_rt is the one for us.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
