David, there appears to be a general consensus that the orthography in this tweet is problematic (viz. the confusion between the possessive 'your' and the second-person contraction 'you're'), and that this orthographical issue undercuts, to some degree, the gist of your argument.
Damn, God. 
I can't like this enough
God is Great.
The Bomb dot com
Now now, where's your Valium you misogynist and Narcissistic old  God. Just tell me and I'll send them right on up.
@IanScot23381776 
@ChuckNASCAR
Suitable for framing. 
@richdcd something to think about...
At least they are heard. I was concerned praying was a complete waste of time.
I'm glad I could help clear your mind on the matter. #jesusbewithyou
Obviously, this came from a false idol. True God do exist for millions of people worldwide and that's the fact
Lean more on illusion to pretend the world isnt as bad as it seems. Sounds like a good idea.
Yeah sarcastically speaking
Unlike hod stupid people DO exist
I'm lost so should we pray or not?

Its people like you that make me glad there’s a hell
Crap.
@alvimrnd
How rude. Guess what else I'm thinking.

The Bible teaches that God doesn't listen to some prayers:
@like_a_bohr SAVAGE
Shame on you
Killer, oye hoye hoye...
OMG! You crack me up! Amen! 

How old are u? Immature tweets
Its all shits and giggles till someone giggles and shits
There’s an inferno in hell that will consume your flesh for eternity and that makes me sleep well at night.
@joshgrondin_96
I could just sit and read the word of god all night.
Around great flood ;)
Don’t forget the profile picture. @Kicek2 is set to survive the flood. 
FU
@SnGComedyIN
What a douch..! not you, i mean your prayers. 
God, you’re funny. I am going to  start praying  more.
God come visit India Christians  pastor's make you shit with giggles
In the name of Jesus
 – at The Don & Sybil Harrington Cancer Center (Main Campus)
See we don't think that differently.
OMG!!

Wtf this is against our mythology and why the hell are you using India with that. Our Lords are worth more that eternity and who are you. Btw a god doesn’t follows justin bieber though lmao
MY FARTS AND BURPS?
They're forced out and they're stinky and nobody really wants to hear 'em
I saw zero people actually say "thoughts and prayers" after the shooting. I saw thousands mocking the idea of thoughts and prayers. So it's really just another thing the left has made up in their heads, like the 76 genders, police brutality, and wage gap that they also dreamt up.
Prayer is a valuable reflection and discussion with the self and the ideal. Anyone doing it for another reason, is doing it wrong, or to selfishly make themselves feel better.
God's ears must be ringing right about now.

I know i shouldn't laugh...but thank God for your comic relief...don't know who you are but looking forward to your next tweet
#thoughtsandprayers How to do absolutely nothing and still think you're helping.
U forgot to say and vice versa :)
Well said Sire
Regards
Your shits and giggles are my pain and suffering.
Good thing I stopped praying when I left catholic school
When I hear words of wisdom from God, it only makes me love him more and more
Seems to have been that way for a few millennium.
Vulgarity is no substitute for wit.
Lol best tweet in a while god
So long as you don’t shit while you giggle.. at your age??
You are becoming a nasty old ordinary guy!
We know... this is why we meditate on you...and feel you instead...
and you feel us..
cool circuitry...
Netflix and chill mate
@callmemalo lollll
‘Tommy Schitz is a maverick undercover cop; Duayne Giggles is his tough by-the-book partner. Together they are Schitz and Giggles’ At a fleapit near you
More like don't give a shit and giggles
I know where you dumped it.
VERY PROFOUND
AAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
@Mdweatherall84
Now now! There's no need for that language oh mighty one!
It’s their’s too.
At least we share the same point of view!
winks and nods  
funk and wagnalls
sturm und drang 
ricky and lucy
God. why did you give man free will? I bet you regret it now dont u  jerk off
Maybe u can do something useful to humanity cause appreantly the living sucks now a days
Why you deleting tweets God
Wow

saved, just ib case David's employer or hr want to be in touch
Looking at this tweet, it hit me. I sure hope the major dictionaries don't go changing the definition of "you're" to include "your" because idiots continually misuse it.

big like
God I love you
I love u too.
This tweet made me giggle wile taking a shit...
I like you God
Lol I love that all these people shit on Christians for wishing the victims of tragedies well. What do you do? Post snarky political BS? I'm sure that's way more helpful.
Millions of people on the earth, twitting about single person. 
And I’m all out of giggles
LMAOOOO...Oh shit!
And they call me a liar

Good God - I pray Thee can refrain
From ever taking Your name in vain
By cussing and chortling so profane
Amen ably once again
Goddamn
I've always questioned if God is heartless.

So you listen then?
If I believed in you I would love you!
How about our shits and giggles
A personal question to you, you great god! Are you related to Donald Trump, you're a bit the same in your mind 
#PrayerIsAWasteOfBreath !
[-:
#AtheistRollCall
:))))))
You must shit and giggle a lot.
IF YOU WERE REAL YOU WOULD GIVE US THE RELEASE DATE FOR #SpiderManPS4
GOD why were you so shitty in the old testament yet nowadays you have a reyt sense of humour  ??
I need to trademark that phrase. Make money off Donald Trump while he's still President.
I am definitely going off you god.
I always thought that was the case.


Thoughts and prayers mean absolutely nothing when a parent has to try to identify the bullet shredded corpse of their child.
wow what a special snowflake
Outstanding!
Thoughts and prayers are one and the same thing, aren’t they...? Only beneficial to the person who gives them.
&I don't believe for a moment these killers are mentally ill.
They are capable of getting in unnoticed &like Paddock...

THEY KNOW EXACTLY WHAT THEY'RE DOING!
I think you might have responded to the wrong tweet...?
Yes
I've have the shootings in mind
Thanks
Oh &I think I'll join you
It's 5 00 somewhere...
I assume you’re referring to my profile picture? Cheers 
So you do give a shit, and apparently giggle while you’re at it.
God, you have a wicked sense of humor! 
Well then we should be keeping you happy
Why do you let this stuff happen, ok to have a twitter account but you ket these atrocities occur, too busy tweeting, asshole

In My defense, I don't exist.
Says a twitter account, it’s a conspiracy
Glad to see you care. Thanks god.

Thats exactly what i was tryin to tell your humans . but of course they don't believe me thnx to u
I'm not amused...
#Therealdeal
fuck you
Didn't have a good day the other day did ya???
Satan, is that you? Again?
Funny, I think they think the same when they regurgitate that self absorbed sentiment.
What would be your advise to people who admit in their prayers that they cheated their wifes/gfs?
Stop
But he made mary betray her husband.
Immaculate conception?
Immaculate conception my ass. There is a lot that can be true in the Bible but certainly not immaculate conception.
@rickygervais
Ahahahah gold
Lately you must be spending a lot of time laughing on the crapper.
You capitalise your own personal pronoun - how awesome of you.
God you are brilliant 
*giggle*
Which one's which?

been telling people that for years...
Savage.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
