Amen
But if everyone were insane would that make insane people normal?

Yeah but some one got to go to the asylum.. People need work
I don't believe in you but dats straight up da truth right there
Yup but sometimes I think its gods fault. LOL.
Glad to see you’ve taken a long hard look at yourself.
I wish Sean would take a look at himself.  Most are even in worse taste.  Did Fox get NRA and Russian money, for keeping on their script?
Nope, but @CNN & @MSNBC get @CIA money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXMhbNZiSSA …  

Where does YOUR money come from, the  NRA and RUSSIA seem in CAHOOTS lately. I  don't get money from any of those places, inc NRA, Russia, CIA, FBI. CNN, and I never will if it involves treason.
See, I work, as an accountant. Hence how I know the @NRA money from Russia is BS.
Your mental health does not define U as a individual it needs to be understood that also it does not discriminate & anybody could have a mental illness.
The Nuts determining who’s Nuts?
Hallelujah
Thanks again for making us in your image.
Someone once said "You'd be surprised at how many people don't know right from wrong "
No
No I would not.
Well the prez certainly is and he's the one blaming mental health, yet has smashed Obama care.
Unless you have something in common with the afflicted by reason of insanity.
It's also useless to blame children that "didn't speak up" when a psychopath is known to the FBI.
Yes. And my heart goes out to this 19 year old whose mother died in November, his father died in 2005, and he was adopted. So sad, unloved. Ow, God.    (All guns must be abolished save for military, law enforcement, but that’s a separate issue.)
Impossible, the "solution" that you propose.   Criminals have plenty, and they would not have any reason to give them up.  A certain percentage of law-abiding citizens would also decide not to comply, creating perhaps millions of felons in an instant.
Dear God. Please remove them from this planet using all that fire and fury stuff you can do......but please let me have my holiday there first !
"It is no measure of health to be well-adjusted to a profoundly sick society." 

~ Krishnamurti
M: June... June!
J: I’m polishing my Rosery.
M: If a man talks to God its called faith. If God talks to a man its called mental illness. Shouldn’t it be the other way around?
J: Well, there probably isn’t a God so I wouldn’t worry about it.
That’s Nietzsche. I knew God reads Nietzsche too.
Hello sir ji
God, I was wondering when you first noticed that #NobodyHome in Trump brain?  That guy is always playing to the camera.
Exactly.
why god face fear
America is the only place where this happens, and I question whether guns are the only cause. Our love of violence in movies, TV, and video games must also play a role.
Nope. You were right the first time. Guns. People are equal. Human beings are human beings. Human beings in the US (apparently) love guns.  I prefer clothes and shoes and jewelry.
I see it as more than loving guns. It's our love of violence, and our willingness to see violence as a solution to complex problems.
Move to Australia. They have violence and pain and death of loved ones, too.
Thanks for the suggestion but I love this country, and what a more perfect union could look like. I want to make it better. Even though after Australia's last mass shooting they passed gun control so strong it's incomprehensible here, and haven't had one since.
Bizarre climate too.  I agree!
You're living proof! #Guns

We were made in 'your' image. Pot, meet kettle


You allow yourself to be proud of replying wittily to a well-sensed statement made by a person, who in context, most clearly isn't the deity you claim to have fished hypocrisy out of? If anything, you missed the entire point of the tweet itself. By a long shot. Disgraceful.

No. It's irrelevant what or who you think the poster is, the point is that you nullified the meaning of their post for a piece of awry comedic relief.
Yep
A society that debates gun law for a few days after each shooting and then waits for next carnage. 
#Florida
Except there's never a debate. It's always "too soon..."
The reason it’s only a few days is because gun control isn’t the answer.
You're probably right. We should probably make it easier. I say mandatory guns for all.

God bless you
It’s also a lot harder for a mentally ill person to kill people with a stapler than a gun...
New thought for all wars:  We arm Trump and ‘Little Rocket man’ with staplers and let them have at it.  Pay per view would be a great option here
Our society is sick. Fundamentally, this is who were are. A government bought by the NRA and an easily manipulated populace who are ruled by a small minority who thinks assault weapons are some God given right.

#BOOM
That's kinda messy  how we live with those the believe is air of a person that don't  exist  and the only thing we do is put up with it.
IMO Everything Is Your Fault If Your The Creator...Damn Free Will, You Know That Is Flawed...Not Even You Can Control Free Will, Seems Like A Giant Oversight.
I diasgree. Both can be true.
When the leaders try to convince everyone else that insanity is the new normal!
The Gas Lighting of America
I have never liked a tweet as much as I like this tweet. They can cancel twitter now.
Dear God, it is obvious you have left the building.  Could you please tell these "thoughts and prayers" idiots that you clearly are not listening and that they need to outgrow their belief in myths and take action to prevent these atrocities.  I'd be forever in your debt.
Finally! You said something that makes sense. Now send a pox or locust hordes to Trump Tower and The White House. Plague the hell out of the number one purveyor of insanity. Let’s have some long overdue divine intervention.
Mmmmm part of it.  Govt especially.

To say it with Erich Fromms words (paraphrased): "The most "normal" are the mentally sickest people. The mentally ill are the most sane ones, because they show symptoms for conflicts that conformists usually suppress"
Just keep in mind that Cruz hasn't been diagnosed with a mental illness.  The only ones who said he's mentally ill is Trump and Republicans.  It's an easier claim to make than to say he's a White Supremacist terrorist Trump supporter.
Exactly . Absolutely. The whole world is inverted , upside down, turned to a lunatic asylum run by psychopaths.
Every country has people suffering from mental illness, but only one  lets those people legally purchase assault weapons.
The equation is fairly simple.  We are all tethered to reality by something (faith, family, work, etc) When you take that tether away everything loses any sense of value.  These are people society has thrown away and you wonder why they don't value it?
The God on Earth is Saint Rampal Ji Maharaj everyone who doubts about god once Know About Saint Rampal Ji visit for more http://www.jagatgururampalji.org 
Cool story, bro!
Gringos being gringos
Sums it up nicely.
You are the man #god #man #wisewords
Surely God means the society's elite is insane (not all of society)
It's the fact society is insane that mentally ill suffer, then it's always a snow boulder then onwards.
WoW Powerful use of words
Particularly when one’s “mental health issues” are not of the subject’s fault.
Mental health issues often physical and can be changed with Meds to produce what our brains need. All societies are insane-that’s just how it is.  So, God, take a stand on affordable heath care instead
Amen to that Boss!
Dude you actually have to make popular people thinking guns are not cool. Holy shit how you do that?

A"fucking"men
Yeah, and that's your fault mate. You had one job and you fucked it. Nice one.
Gods worst idea was man...
To those talking about gun rights Thoughts prayers and words do nothing. The good lord helps those who help themselves. SO, Do something about it, or shut the hell up.
Thanks God.
In the States don't you guys have a 'good guy responsible gun owner story' that you share at the dinner table? We don't hear it much anymore. Because for Canadians this stuff is shocking. 
Actually, I'll get off the high horse, the whole planet's affected by a Right/Religious temperament. 'Right' np, 'Religious' np but together? Madness.
More wise words from god
Oi neném vamo pizzas hj?
Agree
Well technically it's your fault, dad
God bless America. You should be very proud with your rights to carry your big guns- so manly. Canadian
True!
#nobody #ParklandShooting #Parkland
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. - Jiddu Krishnamurti -
After all it is human nature to blame everything on everyone but yourself.
Thanks God for that
I agree with God
Amen
I like most of your tweets, but seriously? You sound like an edgy teenager on Tumblr
Are we talking about @realDonaldTrump here ?
yes, everyone ?
Society is nothing but a conglomeration of people only Sire.
Regards
In UK we had Hungerford 30 yrs ago. Dunblane 20 yrs ago. No handguns or automatic weapons here now.!
Here is someone who has mental health issues
Fuck these fucking motherfuckers so fucking much.
Ranjeet
In visiting USA probably have more chance at being killed by by cop or rogue gunman than a jihadist terrorist.

Yet USA spend Billions on anti terrorism an nothing on gun crime.

Definitely and insane society

You’ve got this right Javabum, although you are also part of the problem. The new militant atheist movement has also contributed to the state of society we are witnessing now.
Hey God. You are Nuts. But You Rock.

Although I do not believe in you as portrayed by any religion this is a wise tweet! Keep up the good work!
If you are really God, please sort out those US guns. Thanks. And can Wolves get promotion?

When you're right, you're right.
Tens of millions of people conduct personal and professional business peacefully everyday for decades and this leftist fool ---> @TheTweetOfGod blames them and society writ large because of the actions of lone psychopaths.
But how is society they insane if they're the majority?
The majority is always the norm
It is useless for a society to blame a person's "mental health issues" when that society provides him guns.
things are relevant not fixed. No one logic
Hey God! Stop creating crazy people!
ouch! #truth hurts.


True.
Right on @TheTweetOfGod 
#mentalhealth #GUNviolence #GunControlNow
So true
I sent this everywhere!   Bravo god.
Well said God 
Sample of watwr drawn from ocean gives its characterstics
We were made in your image, Pop.
Amen
who are you？
Plus the people who claim its a mental health issue simultaneously try to gut mental health funding
Real talk

True to core! The Society of the so called Educated elites in particular.
HA  HA  HA  HA  HA
If school mass shootings are the result of insane individuals the death penalty cannot be invoked. It is truly a catch 22.
Truth
Wave your wand then.
Dang, you took all of the fun out of it. 
Shut the fuck up, Javerbaum.
And coming apart at the seams
Thank you God.
Isn't there anything you can do? Or do you too get donations from the NRA?
Agree.
When did you become so wise 
The stress level of the average American is very high these days, and some people are just going to break under the strain.
Thank God.... a sensible Tweet!
"What are you trying to say, I'm crazy'
When I went to your schools, I went to your churches
I went to your institutional learning facilities'
So how can you say I'm crazy''

- Suicidal Tendencies, 'Institutionalized"
Not to mention a healthcare system only the wealthy can afford.
Being labelled sane in an insane society is no proof of sanity.
American society has allowed 2 things

1. The right for citizens to own assault weapons.
2. A thought process that says what was needed for society 240 years ago is still true now.

You don’t keep cyanid,dynamite,hand grenades in the house..why assault weapons?
Win you haf  money is good win brok is not good
Best tweet ever
Serious? Are you insane?
That really depends on which society. You are talking about. God love America
Exactly. Authority figures of an insane society are judging who's insane. Nowadays, homeless people who express kindness and a lack of greed are called the mentally ill ones. Go figure.
We need to see the two footprints in the sand right now. Carry us my lord.
Get free GH for free mining #Bitcoin #Litecoin #Dogecoin #USD
http://bit.ly/2EGWEyb 

#Ethereum #BTS #BCStorm #ethereum #BTC #XRP #ADA #NEO #EOS #NEM #XRP
#TRX #BTG #ESC #AIRDROP #CBBUS #ethereum #cryptocurrencies
#cryptocurrencynews #Coins #coincheck #Coinhive #coinsmarkets
Agreed. Is the society that does nothing less sick?
So true..,
Um God? U got a LOT right BUT: why couldn’t pizza chicken wings fried rice pasta donuts chocolate fried chicken & sushi be the HEALTHY food groups instead of Veggies?! C-  Not your best moment
bravo!!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS #BloodOnYourHands
Nicolus Cruz,Devin Pattrick Kelley,Stephen Paddock ,Alexander Bissonette so on & so forth....
Hmm you can said that, but it's not about society , I think it is about some people ,some crowd ,or you can it's about, their mental illness.
what kinda bot bullcrap u trying to pull here?

Bruh ...
You're pretty smart God.
If you like or agree with this statement, you need help.
I like it X's 1000.
Hay uno parecido que Reza así, "En un mundo de locos el no estarlo, es una especie de locura".
Says the comedian who once was funny
Only a deranged person would shoot up a school. Someone who could be deranged should not be permitted to have a military grade weapon. It’s hard to know who might be deranged as anyone could be. Everyone not in the military should be prohibited.
If the man is Latino, it will soon not be a case of mental health.
I feel like I need to follow you.
So insanely true
Or when mental health treatment is out of reach
totally agree 
You are totally right God.
Yeah, you really eyeballed this universe.
The #Republicans are insane. #trump is insane. The #Kochs are insane.
"When that society itself is insane." - Enough to sell the smoking gun to that person.
#prayforguncontrol
I cannot retweet this enough
@UltraHotTakes
Plus people with actual mental health issues are way more likely to be victims of violence than perpetrators and are more likely to hurt themselves than others so it's reasoning based on stigma and falsehoods
It's the unfettered access to guns
“It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.” — Krishnamurti
Made in your image.
Hell yeah!
Once again, God is right.
LOL
One question how is god not verified lol
That's some catch, that Catch-22.
The Abrahamic Tradition thrives on blame and shame.

Its crazy for a person to kill multiple people and a society to blame "mental health issues". Sounds insane right?
It wasn’t until 2016
The collective derangement of society, I argue, is the direct result of citizens being under what I consider to be an incredibly-powerful, mind-numbing propaganda apparatus.  It is as if we were the victims of psyops.
The "propaganda model" explains how the corporate media conglomerates manipulate people.  Then you have very powerful psychographical algorithms running on "social media, " Twitter, FB, etc. The narratives of big city newspapers is also distorted.
@4everNeverTrump Gospel truth.
And it's useless to allow the mentally ill to buy guns and offer only thoughts and prayers when they slaughter innocents. 

The NRA has bought and paid for our elected officials.
Oh, like you’re one to judge
#MonkeysWithClothesOn
If only there were an all powerful entity that could click his/her/its fingers and sort all this shite out for us.
#letspray
#godtotherescue
#waiting
#dosomethingyoulazytwat
#realisation
#guncontrol
You made us in your image......
Now it's a good time to use your powers for good. Oh, sorry, I forgot this is all fiction.
And then also cut funding to help diagnose and treat mental health issues.
Crazy USA
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
