
For awhile there, I thought I might succeed. Thanks for spoiling it.
reverse psychology. It worked for me 
I love you
You can push through any failure with dedication!
From God's perspective, there's really no such thing as failure. Obviously.
Thank you! Big up to that
Haa ! 
Are you saying we should follow your example?
Learn more that way.
@mohammadfatehi5
Dear god
Why did you let my dog eat my socks ?
Says the being who created humanity.
Thank you, Lord. I've also never let my countless failures make me fearful of failing once again. I believe in the divine power of failure! 
Love you god
Dude dat was highly motivational
I'm not worthy.
First of all. Are we ever gonna hear Satan’s side of the story?
#truth
This isnt you
Someone has hacked god
THE RUSSIANS
You just blame the Russians (save me the trouble)
Much needed today.
It never has in my case.
To succeed you first need to fail. 
If you was a christian you'd say god will be with us and encourage us even in failure..not inspired man
You motivate me with those words of wisdom...
Clearly it didn't stop you either when you created humans
@gluttnous  It's ok. The trick is learning to laugh it off.
This is actually very good advice. If you fear failure, you'll never try anything, you'll never fail and learn from it and you'll never succeed. You nihilism failed you, God XD
Theres a joke in there somewhere
So what God is saying is we're all going to fall on our ass so get over it get up and get going
Thanks for the tweets God. I’m an atheist, but appreciate your irony and snark!
Why are you being this name?
Total loads of rubbish U  post  here but programmed believers follow U no matter how none sense you sound .
That’s a downward spiral with no railing...
Ouch motherfucker that hurts

cliche.
We do not find joy in virtue because we have to control our lusts?
No fear. Just don’t fail us, God. Still recovering from previous failures?
God, my dear leader, your favourite son, Mr Donald J Trump, you may know him as Drumpf, his "maiden" name certainly has taken this missive to heart. Peace be with you and your hood.
Those are wise words!
GODfather, be my fried? 1948 1948
Aye awryt dad.
@JOEL9ONE
Wait. Isn't that how we ended up with Trump as president? A guy who never feared failure, failed repeatedly, still didn't fear failure, ran for president and won...
Amen.
It's my daily practice. 
Or giving up.
If I fail to fail does that mean I'm failing more than if I succeed at failing
Well, mr t at least got that right!
Dear God, can failure of fear keep one from fearing?
Such a DIVINE sense of humor 
Can't you just press the reset button & let Earth start again.
keep this shit up & I'll start believing in you
Yes Sir
Easier said than done
unless its the fear of failing not to be a child molester.
You should write a book
Never let the corrupted of corruption lead you to fake success or a world power.
This is actually good advice
Oh god, you are so wise 
It isn't really fair though that only through extensive failure shall you learn this lesson, for only you are capable of solwing your own failures in which to learn from.
God would make a good computer programmer. Maybe that's his day job.
Good advice God
Words of wisdom from the man above. 
I Love you God.
Like you did with the human race - you overcame your fear pf failure and accepted you couldnt fix us
God that’s inspirational
It’s not the falling, it’s the hitting the floor bit that worries me
Have you ever failed God?
Why should we listen to you? you don’t listen to us. Respect is earned homie.
Wow. You never miss an opportunity to inspire the masses huh?
oh don't you worry ,the way you set this up,it is happening systematically .
Amen! God our father & Creator of The World & people. My greetings & Praise's to you.
It all makes sense now
Cute but funny
@Gene_Starwind @HamillHimself
Hey, nothing can come between me and failure.
But what about those of us who keep failing upwards?
Spoken like a true God (capital G)

Never has. Low expectations have never let me down.
Eeee!

It’s merely your mind trying to talk you out of it.
Oh c’mon, that’s the best you have this week?  Check in with the other “religious” networks and see what they say about “parades”.
Blasphemy!!!!
@HowtoHalfAss well then.
That's the one thing I don't need any help with. Failure abounds nearly every day..
No harder words for me to live by than those.

Thank god you dont exist :-)
I love this one

That is something you’d say if you existed! 
Motivational
We are here for the negative tweets!
Give us negative tweets!
God is hacked! That's what I have always feared.
Funny how most people took it as an inspirational phrase, and don't realize you said "keep you from failing" instead of "keep you from trying".
You should go into retirement .. ...
60% of the time, i fail every time.
Thank you. You have never failed to fail me.
Never let your fear of God keep you from cussin God's name!
Hasn't stopped me so far.
Hasn’t failed me yet!
Good advice. Or is it, God advice .... 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha pour me a dose of your vintage God's Brew. I want to enjoy the failure bliss!
That’s deep
Ask trump!
¿Dios hablas español?
so inspiring
Okay
But that's the point
God, you are so smart!
Its the occasional inadvertent stumble upon success that keeps me from failing
Okay @RealGrumpyCat
Are you kidding, I am awesome at setting myself up to fail.
An exception should be made tho for stunts done by daredevils who risk life and limb.
I was pushed
That what made DJ run for office, its your fault!
Thank you Homer Simpson!
Correct
That’s scary advice...
I never do.
As adopted deeply by your rabbis
It's a joke, it's all a joke.
I had an awesome reply to this but wasn’t sure it was good enough to post
தெய்வத்தான் ஆகா தெனினும் முயற்சிதன்
மெய்வருத்தக் கூலி தரும்.
Dear God, It was my failing that started my fear of failing in the first place! Any ideas?
Same advice?
Wiser words HAVE been spoken.
I fail to understand
What about falling?
So deep.
Easy for you to say, perfecter of perfection 

I fail religiously!
That actually makes sense, especially to a Buddhist.
That’s strangely motivational 
How we came about?
K
Joel Osteen, is that you?

Wait...what?
If Junior had laid down some quotes like that he’d still be popular today. Sad.
Thanks god.
Thanks. I needed this. 
What about the fear of success? Asking for a friend. Or rather, myself.
God seems 4 drinks down
Neither the fear of water keep you from drowning
Never allow someone else's success to stop you hating them.


Mm verily if a something is worth doing, it’s worth doing shoddily. Ikea 5:45
I'm sorry to say that you're the biggest failure ever god .
This id really inspirational

Let the motivation of God pass through you  amen.
and you "made" it (us) ! ;-)
How can I possibly fail when I am giggling helplessly at the thought of a standard car is off into space.  God you invented genius - the billionaire with a sense of humour
God? Someone hacked your account.
Or something like that
Spoken like a true failure!
Amen

I just hit a world record snipe in fortnite if anyone wants to watch it... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kgGA3eILumc … 

Exactly!
Thanks god
Speaking of failure: How about a new great flood and start from scratch?
Isn’t god inspirational?
Thanks God!
Do not apply this rule to yourself . Please have fear of failing it may save 1000s of lives everyday.
Never stopped you!
Explains a lot.  So, when’s that do-over going to happen, again?
Or in other words, 
Don't let incompetency get in the way of having a crack!
Who could forget, “The only thing we have to fear is, fear of fear of failure itself!”
That’s actually really great advice. 
Thanks G!
Do you follow @satan you guys would get on really well
Never trust a man with two first names and never trust a woman who wears fleece.
Fail Early! Fail Often! Trust me! I'm a database professional!
Failure is a built in ability in human beings. You should know. You made us at your image.
@CesarVasquez93
But if I overcome my fear of failing and do fail doesn’t that mean I’ve succeeded, therefore I’ve failed at failing, therefore compounding my fear of failing?
Now that's DEEP.
He started it
 I really am laughing. Thanks.
FAILING IS LIKE MY FAVORITE THING. NOT FOR ME. FOR HUMNS. THEY'RE DUMB.
Gotta do it right!  Just keep practicing!  Don't worry; you'll be able to fail in no time!
Amen, father. -SJ
That explains the platypus and @realDonaldTrump . Thank you for solving those life mysteries.
What if fear is your failure?
sorry pretty lame, my personal tainer, just tod me that, was expecxtinga little more,
I needed this today, God. Thx.
unless it is a drug test
title of my sex tape.
I just let the fear of success keep me from succeeding.
Heavenly advice
Learning from your mistakes is smart, learning from the mistakes of others is wise. 
Is it true that your opposite is "dog"?

They don't seem like the Anti-Christ.
I will.. wait. Shit.. failed already.

I continue to be grateful you returned to us ...
How about the failure of fear?
мм
Thank you God!  I feel free to fail every day!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
