I’m thankful that today God still speaks to us through His Word and through His Holy Spirit working in our lives. Aren’t you?
Am I?
lmao aye ya boi is salty im here for it
@Franklin_Graham god doesn't give badwords like asshole! Pls don't spoil gods name
Frankie, Frankie, Frankie! That's not God you are hearing. It's me.
Hahahaha 
PRAISE YOU!!!!
How can you have 4.4m followers and no blue tick?! Seems legit to me! @Twitter @TwitterSupport
Love your work: The Trial is one of my fave films.
Thanks, Mother would have been proud. Orson stole the show though.
I applaud you, sir, for a good-natured response to what must by now be a very old joke.
@mayemusk @ToscaMusk  .. Are You Athiests ? Cause then I lose respect for you both. Believing what you want is your choice.. but Mocking.. shame.. poor you.
As for TTOG... careful sonny... be very careful.. U R Warned
Fortunately even @elonmusk knows better not to Mock
What are your thoughts on @JerryFalwellJr ?
Rightly Said God!!!
mr graham, I didn't hear a thing?
Yes I Am!
Jesus yes ive been a right idiot at times
I'm not going to like because you are giving the one true God a bad name. Usually I find your stuff rather funny but lately you have shown to be rather crude. God is love and love don't look like that.
@MedSkeptic I think we found your god 
Now there's a god I think I can get behind! 
Franklin is thankful for all the gullible lemmings who give him money.
LOL
If recent events are God’s will I think I’ll give Satan a try.
Œ
Franklin, stay out of politics.  You are not a man of God but a greedy lustful politician. Daddy must be so ashamed that he put such garbage into this world.
Mocking you followers.....c’mon man...
Yeah. God told you to support a 20 molester. Give me a break
I, for one am very thankful.  Thank god!
Which of the 6000 deities does @Franklin_Graham follow?
   I forget.  There are SO many.....
These.. 

You have no idea what you are doing, do you?  I just said a prayer for you.  Good luck.
At last, a God I can believe in. 
God I love you!!!! 

Amen 

LOL
 Hahahaha!!!! Love it! 
@jrsestaca
I love this so much.
So it shell be tweeteth- so it shell be done.
So God is Justin Bieber
Wow.. The God we all know and love...
Amen to that . . . .
I'm just thankful I have the ability to think and to know and understand the beauty, power and kindness of humanity....that many say is "original sin"...and that we weren't just servile blindly worshiping cattle that are trying to reach the stars

yEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
I am. You go, God!
God didn't come to play.

U actually think talk n act like God 
Thank you God he is on isn't he
Do you have an allah Twitter account?? That would be impressive.

Don't worry, Dad; he blocked Me too.

I came back, though. That's My schtick.
Uhmm , who would you be thankful to?
Oh God.... Thanks for setting him straight on the matter. Maybe this will be the spiritual awakening Franklin desperately needs.

Giving my thoughts and prayers
Oh my You. You've been blocked by Franklin Graham. Congratulations!
Dear God, please make sure he and the rest of his odious cohorts have reservations with Satan.
He was talking to me!
What God said....
This is GOLD! 
YES GOD DRAG HIM BY HIS WEAVE
GOD DOG
and
SATAN SANTA approved.
#dgo
#aanst
@Franklin_Graham says he speaks through the "holy spirit" - the "Holy Spirit" is nothing but a SLIGHTLY less childish and embarrassing way for Christians to refer to the "Holy Ghost" character of Christian mythology who knocked up Mary.
Good Lord
Good Words
Highly Spirited
thank god
Perfect response. Politicians who bring up god in public domain should be kicked out of office.
I get tired of God botherers. Leave us alone. 

Yes I was not addressed. You showed up on my time line.

Graham. I am a happy person and a better person without god or a religion. Happy life. Without you or your ilk.
Brotherhood is the most likeable and adaptable thing in Christianity.

Jesus (pbuh). 
Yes..he is quite the asshole.  I am grateful that I can tell him that through Twitter too!

You got dat right, Abba
You are one of among us..
@Franklin_Graham 
Humans. God's a
K9 – at Catton Grove Community Centre
Franklin shouldn’t be allowed to use the last name of his father, he isn’t on the same field as him.
YOU should run for president!
GOD has spoken praises the lord AMEN 
You’re doing great work, God!
Amen!
God, when you create natural disasters to test the human race,why do you then send in humanity misfits in the guise of aid workers?God or Devil? Schizophrenic maybe.

?
I never heard from God until I got a Twitter profile.
@HamillHimself  I see u liked this tweet , I just wanna say your an OG
Hahahahahahah nailed it
You have such a way with words God 
Been trying but they won`t listen
Lol
Good God no
Hahaha I love God
Lol. And sad at the same time. Many people mis-leading eachother. #TrueLeading, #TrueTeaching = ‘#God speaks to me, and you, and him, and her, and it. And His Son does the same’.
Comedy gold...a cup of coffee and reading your tweets always kick start my day 
These bitch ass billionaires make a space spod call ISIS ...  give that some thought... then tell us this : https://news.vice.com/en_us/article/kzp7xw/scientists-are-simulating-mars-in-omans-desert?utm_source=vicenewstwitter … ... I'm not sure, but I play poker... and I'm guessing I don't have a Royal Flush ... ??
Probably the 1st time God truly spoke to him - but it wasn’t what he was expecting...
Na, he knew deep down
Franklin if you don’t love everyone EQUALLY, then you do not know Jesus
Lol. Now that's some God level trolling!!
LMAO
I’m thankful God is available tobat the Arrogant down into the dust in their most pridefulness.
I love this god 
Wtf Satan
Did you really create @narendramodi ?

@Franklin_Graham you're indeed 'god' not a God
Thank Twitter.  You say you are omnipotent, 
Because of Twitter you are able to talk to men & women. Till now you did not know twitter
@TheTweetOfGod St George Commemoration Memorial Pound coin & medal illustrator(tail side)Blank disc die figure Equestrian Horse killing a Dragon.Planchet Designed,Modeled & Engraved By Canadian & UK Citizen MFA ,MPHILFA & Professor Chief Engraver Sculptor Amraphael Estiphanos
No
Why Mr Graham would you back a man with no morals and a man who has sold his soul to Russia!  This is a disgrace to Christians everywhere!
Amen!
Guilty as charged 
You're so mean god what kind of God you're! !!shame on you
Yeeeeppp
@TheTweetOfGod
You've come out of your mask.
I know I am.
I'm thankful that I don't 8hhave to read or listen to your self serving BULLSHIT.
God, if you're telling Donald Trump he's an asshole, you're improperly dividing your attention away from doing such a good job protecting the children.

Franklin’s views on background checks...  https://www.facebook.com/FranklinGraham/posts/701575996565251 …  come on God get those background checks sorted

Genesis 1:27 God created man in His own image. So what's up?
I love you so much.
You are asshol
Franklin Graham is a charlatan!
Am Goood ....has anyone watched him in @DarkMatter2525 YouTube videos he's so into himself.
@pimp6972 if he's the god then I'm fine with religion
The Twitter God is the only God.
When we speak to God, it's prayer, when God speaks to us, it's Psychosis.
More like schizophrenia.

Score one for God.
Let him have it, God. Right between his baby blues! 
He's not a messenger of God's word nor a Christian. He may have Christian beliefs, but does not follow all of the teaching and doctrines of the bible. He might aspire to live a Christian life, but he's no Christian. Well in my eyes anyway. Corrupt, deceitful, misleading.
I agree wholeheartedly
Dear God,

ICYMI... Franklin Graham does not follow you.
Look it up in the book of life.
GOD! You are my hero!
The idea of life afterlife and calculation .. An ancient Egyptian idea
You and I are the same. We are all gods of ourselves
@Franklin_Graham Truth... T-r-u-t-h... IS THE WORD OF GOD. As, Truth... IS God. God speaks to Us, by Way of Himself. Truth. To Come/Get to Truth... One MUST Go/Arrive Thru/By/With Truth. T-r-u-t-h. Truth is thus THE Holy Spirit. That which IS HOLY... IS "GOD". T-R-U-T-H
Dear God , I will try not to be an asshole today. But it's gunna be tough...
And, thank God, the divine creator finally answered to that naive man as accurate as he possibly can. God be thanked! I love you!
@Franklin_Graham    Amen SISTER!!!
@Vd40881891 
It's a good thing I'm not God.  I'd be smiting people in DC right and left this week.  How do you have the patience?
@demIN240 lmaoooo
Thank you, God:) Of the many a**holes who support & promote the #Pimpotus, @Franklin_Graham has one of the largest sphincters. He is an amoral #TrumpBlower & hopefully will meet his mortal maker in the name of Robert Mueller. Carry on. 

#TrumpRussia
#TreasonWeasels
#TeamPatriot
God rules!
Thank you god.
wuv u, God! 
Kinda harsh coming from the almighty but, what are you gonna do?
You are the best God of them all.
how come the GOD is following Justin bieber who is a bigger asshole than us
Let There Be Snark™
Franklin is in desperate need of a Time-Out for his Graham Crackers fix.
Team -God! Lol.
Praise be!
I know I am
A Russian paid asshole at that.  Wait until the truth comes out about you Franklin....but, God already knows the truth.   I love you, God.....
Amen
I can’t wait for 3 generations from now when Neanderthals like this guy are extinct. And politics are run by the kids of today who are sick of the horrors they witness weekly.
Says the "god" who's being a total passive aggressive dick right now lol
Who are you? Your not God
What l love about God is, her sense of humor. 
Amen

Twitter + @TheTweetOfGod = Perfection 
I want the tweet of god to turn its attention to more important matters such as why my cats squeek and miaow whenever I listen to Maria Callas.
Yes God they are all ducks. You nailed for a change.
God always speaks the truth
Did he “Block” God?! Too Funny!!
Smite him, that's got to be against one of the new updated commandments
LOL!! Smite Him!!
My God is an accessible, hip God... but don’t poke the bear...
Dr. Ey men?
I always knew YOU were an awesome God.

Evangelists sells that God out of whole multiverse he created would actually care about stuff happening on a planet. They surely don't realize that unlike them ,God have a life.
LOLOLOLOLOL!!! #GODslam
God hath spoken.
God why your your account is not verified ??
The person behind this page is such a bitter human..
Or a really cool God.
Praise @TheTweetOfGod #lordjesus #saltyjesus #sweetjesus #christjesus #jesusISaSCAM

I truly appreciate that sometimes god is a bit on an asshole. It somehow makes the universe feel ‘right’.
Even god's gone digital.
I agree.
Franklin, I think it's the drugs talking
Must be some kind of holy drug.
Sorry you must be a judeo Christian islamic god who talk in us and them language.
Whelp, Franklin.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
