Does that mean if @realDonaldTrump doesn’t retweet it you’ll delete his account?    
Worse.
Would he delete his existence?
We should be so lucky
I'd be so lucky as I'm the one who will have watch him for eternity. I just want him sent to either the void or Oblivion. 
You have bigger problems. According to Americans, Trump is the lesser evil
Apparently, >30% of Ameriworms are either willfuly ignorant, morally bankrupt, or evil themselves. 

You rang?
Omg lol
Seeing as you don’t exist..I’ll take my chances.
If He doesn't exist, how could He have written that tweet? Oh ye of little faith!
Oh shit
Hey God, sorry to bother you in the middle of threatening the internet, building galaxies and pandas and republicans and stuff but I have a question.

I just smoked a massive bong hit, like we're talking a good two grams, and I was wondering, did...

...did I just talk to you?
Look behind you.
JESUS CHRIST! Don't sneak up on me like that man, you almost gave me a fucking heart attack...
I'm not there. You're just high AF.
Oh thank your Dad, I was seriously freaking out there for a second
Are you slipping back to your old testament days? Do you need an intervention?
Bless me Father, for I have re-tweeted.
What part of the Bible is this ?
the book of godsmack
RT if your Father abandoned you, too.

Well I’ll be damned
Now that's real religion
Yes Don Godleone
You've been hanging out with Trump, haven't you?
You shall retweet 6 times, then take a break on the seventh
*knocks on wood*
I choose to not live in fear.
What if I subtweet ya instead? What do I win?
@TheTweetOfGod good god sub tweeter prize please
This must be that demonstration of "love" that everyone is talking about. Nothing says love like extortion.
You provide me with endless laughs,  eternal laughs even.
not today God. Not today.
Yes god
I’ll take my chances you know cuz god isn’t real soooo
God damn you. My Catholic roots are forcing me to feel guilty if I don’t retweet. Lol
Thank God! I’m not the only one.  It sure makes you a good person, cause you can’t do anything wrong without feeling that damn catholic root. 
Right??? Lol!!!
I would if you followed me...
God LEADS, he never FOLLOWS

Cute!
LOL ... I've already been bending over backwards all week, accommodating @HamillHimself's Twitter Tests. Sorry, I'm all out of RT goodwill. 
I’m gonna just fav and test you.

Let's wait and see then...
Tu vis dangereusement 
The lying-slandering NRA will lose their case, but lightning will expedite the outcome.    :)    Send lightning, please.
NRA:  You put a gun to your own heads.  

Slanderers-libelers-liars.  Bone-heads

Additional threats welcome.
You can't threaten me. Go on, do your worst, I dare you! Yours, Donald Trump.
Been taking notes from the Vercotti Bros. again, Dad?
Oh God
A bit passive aggressive today?
Lmao
A holy shakedown!
Are you Santa? Making a list and checking it twice?
Oh wait... Santa doesn't exist either...
Tha[redacted] you for the heads up, God
I feel compelled considering @DiocesePtbo is in the same screen.
I'll take my chances 
Oh God, you make me laugh

Same applicable for this tweet which having nothing to do with above tweet still it will makes sense if you Retweet this.

We’ve revolving legal team and their lawyers...Nice try though.
Eat shit
Something as in a few thousand followers?! Yeah, wish I had god's blessings!
We’ve been looking for you. Did you think you could just come hang out on Twitter and we wouldn’t find you?
You've been watching too much #Trump.
'How World Works 101'
Say hi to my mom and dad for me
aethists don’t give a sh...
Chain letters...really?! God is the Worst. Just the absolute worst.
How else did you think the illusion spread?
Well please, some people are suffering of anxiety so please don’t make that kind of tweets
I suffer of anxiety. So most of the time I really hate these messages. In this case, it’s really ok, because God is só old he probably will forget he tweeted it anyway. 
Nice

That's a nice Twitter account you have. Sure will be a shame that nothing happened to mine because I didn't retweet that ;-)
God is A BEEBO 
How come your account is not verified? I don't trust this.
Hmmmmm! That sounds sooooo Satanic! Did you repeal the Golden Rule?
I didn’t tetweet
WE JUST WANTED TO EDIT TWEET OML
That’s the difference between us, I know you are all doomed and I don’t care what you do with this teeet
Bite me.

Actual favoritos tweet ever!
Please God open the DM, I wanna talk to you.. you won't listen to any of my prayers for more than 5 years.. do your job for your sake and make me happy, I am too tired from depression.
وإذا سألك عبادي عني فإني قريب أجيب دعوة الداع إذا دعان فليستجيبوا لي وليؤمني بي لعلهم يرشدون
Time bruh we are all on different time lines.
God has spoken! Good day. I said good day!
i couldn't agree more
When God Speaks, tho shall listen #God #Humor

I dare you.
I'm really nervous
Hahahaha
Fings break.
Im not takin any chances...im retweeting now.
i liked it
...is it true that you can make a rock so heavy that you can't lift it?
LOL
Ha ha!
Ha I barely use it anyway
I'm not scared of you!
Gave a heart and a comment but didn't retweet it..
What are you gonna do now?^^
I wish to a slim body and a big 12 inch cock plus become super rich
Well, fortunately, the Flying Spaghetti Monster stopped by already and said my twitter was cool as it was... so, thanks but no thanks.
Ohhh the god almighty GOD.....threatening people like he is a kid with a magnifying glass on top of an ant hill. Pffffftttt
I'm 94% sure that you aren't really a deity. It's just too fishy.
Twitter protection racket
God can you help me? I was trolled by Patty Murphy she got angry after I asked to respect Melania. She told me to MYOB & got angry when I asked her if she has hairy legs? She then block me, trolled me with GIFs. She is a woman that doesn't understand what domestic violence is!
For once I would agree upon erasing Trump from existence, cuz I don't want him building walls down here as well
Ha, ha, I am only retweeting this because of the look you have on your profile photo. Is that your facial expression when:
The Orange Cheeto became the GOP's choice to run as a presidential candidate.
When The Orange Cheeto made his Inauguration speech.
Every time he tweets.
The lord giveth and the lord taketh away.
FIGHT ME >:(
Really, God... blackmail?
Tsk, tsk.

(hastily retweets)
God, Father.
Oh Lord! Won’t you buy me a Mercedes Benz if I retweet this?

 can’t believe what I’m reading
Sounds almighty needy to me
God told me to do it..
not going to RT, testing the waters

Yessir Mr God sir
One of my pet peeves is when say "Retweet if .....". If someone agrees strongly enough with the tweet, they shouldn't have to be directed to retweet. Seems like someone just trying a bit too hard to get retweets.  

But not you, God.
Why should we care what you think again?
Ain't  nobody got time for this GOD.
I am stunned. I have been looking for you everywhere. And here you are, on Twitter. Wtf.

That sounds like a warning almighty!!!!!
Bring it. 
Don’t believe you or is that in you so will not or have I just done it? No idea.
And thy will be done.
I retweeted this because the LAST thing I need is another person trying to smite me down in America.
Ain’t Nothing nice about my twitter account. Do your thing.
Oy, this is worse than the threat of hell's eternal fire and misery.
You wouldn't
Eek, I caved 
I hear and obey
God , all the religious types say you are benevolent and forgiving...... so why is it I just see a guy straight outa  Goodfellas ??!!
What??? When did you become one of the Goodfellas?

God told me to do it.
Just tell the thou shall have no other Gods before me, smite them and get on with your day. Don't let it ruin your day
Oooooo nooooo! Did as you told oh mighty one..she says giggling like a schoolgirl...best have a glass of cool white to ease my mind.#wine#laughter
Threats from God - ha ha ha
Just the way religion works I am afraid, rule by fear.
*immediately retweets*
Is this more of that "free will" stuff?
I don’t believe you. (Pun intended)
Retweeted, just to be sure

Zu menschlich! Gott - so wie‘s aussieht, wurde Dein Account gehackt.
Reported to @TwitterSupport for targeted harassment and threatening violence.
Will Kremlin bots be saved if they retweet this?
Do they have you in Beanie-Baby form?
#fuckers
Never mind retweeting your shite...where’s my lottery win you made-up bearded sky fairy?!

I’ve got like 13 followers delete away
Oh Lord...
Delete his family existence.
I retweeted you in my prayers
What a shame
Dear God, You're my favorite mob boss.
Okay, i RTed 
Maybe it’s time you get laid again.
Right. And lose my 108 followers. Do your worst.
How very old testament of you. Or is it your alter ego Zeus again?
Haha. Jokes on you. This twitter account isn’t nice.
I have a pretty sad account actually. But you ought to know that.
I did it.Just in case. 
What would you being doing without Twitter, seriously? Also Chuck Norris is much more fun to impersonate.

I don't take threats from non-verified Twitter accounts seriously.

that's ok, i just have to cut my foreskin, it worked for moses
You never change.

@PrincessBravato 
Send a hug. I really need one. Thanks.
Who do you think you are? @Jack?
If you didn't press like know that the devil is who prevented you
So unlike you God to employ emotional blackmail....
Damn it worked!
Bring it. You don't scare me.
That's the first and only tweet you'll send me - a being I don't believe in isn't going to cyber threaten me in any way. Bye bye
Have you just encountered a Stormy!
I would use one of those immunity dog posts, but I don’t know how that would work against God himself.
My wife would thank You.

I thought I unfollowed you!  How are you back?!
Is that a threat? 
I'd be scared if I believed in you.
just taking orders
Beer, Ecstasy, and Horse Meat
