We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
Yay God!
Dear God,

Can you please explain to Donald using crayons that he needs to leave all the important things to grown ups. And not the kids he has surrounded himself with.

Also:
Poetry.
It DOES have a certain ring to it! 
I always thought "Watergate" had a nice ring to it too til we had to live through "UrinateOnRussianHookersGate"
People trying to win respect aren't truthfull......and needy.
Amen to that
who wrote this tweet....Jimmy from Zyppah?
Nope...I think Jimmy is great!!!

TRUMP says we need a President that isn’t a laughing stock to the entire world.  In other words, we need BARACK OBAMA back as PRESIDENT.  AND......we need to get rid of TRUMP and the rest of his SWAMP!!!!
Amen!
Audacity!

Oh, God! You got it right again!! 
god is a girl
Yes, not a money whore.  Someone with ethics and morality. Someone WHO CARES, respects life and not afraid to do the right thing.
Good description of God :)
@TheTweetOfGod what happens every time #TheDrumpf tweets? Is it like the opposite of an angel getting it's wings? ... What would be the opposite of that, an angel getting dysentery?
Glad to see we have a president now with all of those qualities and more so,      

          Vote Trump 2020
Lord have mercy!
We sure do, maybe Barack will make a comeback!!!
I still stand by my comment made in 2014.  @realDonaldTrump can’t even be original.  “We need a leader who is humble.  It’s not about winning, it’s about knowing when to do the right thing.”

I wish there was a choice to show how much this makes me laugh. Worst thing is that he truly believes this about himself.
AMEN
Laughter is the best 'bomb'
So can you think of someone like that who fits thar description? We Americans are looking for somebody...
Well it sure the hell not you!!!’
GOTTA LOVE THE UNNECESSARY CAPITALIZATION OF WORDS!
America is meant to be the land of milk and honey; feed both to Trumpanzee in the spirit of scaphism.
So he does understand. But then why is he still in office? ...God?
Hey I’m new and I NEED TO TALK TO YOU idk how to work this app. I want to talk about you roasting that Jesus plays guy on YouTube. You are a 100% right about that and I think you for that I have been prying about it and I have been talking to him about he needs to stop his chann
Freedom of speech says he doesn't have to stop his channel. If you don't like it, don't watch it. Simple!
If only.....
How could someone be so acutely right and so blindingly wrong at the same time?
Oh the irony.
"timelesser" 
Ppl need leader. but why the hell they needs someone to lead them? childeren needs parents to lead them, youth needs teacher to lead them, Aged needs leaders to lead them when r we going to lead ourselves in this whole life?
Hopefully we'll get one in 2020.

Genius at winning really describes @potus looooool
(Sarcasm.)
@abigailrussa_
all the evangelicals  said God was going to punish us for our sinful ways. Is trump the punishment?
But will Cthulhu allow such a president to even run?

Who wrote that for him
We need a president that embraces unity not separation.Trump is putting this country down the gutter  instead of the land of bread and butter.
"Hmm.  Now WHO could that be? Obama was good, but his time's up...Clinton worked...maybe the missus...NAAAH! She was running against ME!"
There really is a tweet for everything.
How we long for the days of Obama, again.
Indeed
That's certainly not you, Trump.
That's what we all keep wanting Cheeto.
.@realDonaldTrump, #God found your tweet.
I dont known about u God, but @realDonaldTrump indeed, is real.
Just WOW!!!
Yes, and we are still looking for that president.
I love God!
Hope they find one...
#Gold
Bring 2014 Trump to 2018, God, and have him talk some sense into himself.
We need a "tippy-top" President. He ain't it.
I like the #alig Respect! At the end of the tweet
I actually agree with the fucker. We do.
You’ve got to admit he is a psychic just like Madame Larue in The Wire.
Tao is the way 
We’re all still waiting for that President.
@realDonaldTrump Do you know who that would be, God?
You should  thank me for the link to that tweet
When he created you, he knew you would tweet this, so it's his tweet
ChickenShitHoleInChief deleted this tweet
President Camacho's State of the Union https://youtu.be/sGUNPMPrxvA  via @YouTube
At that point he already knew he would be running for pres. That "geniius" he referred to, was himself. @TheTweetOfGod
Unbelievable.
No worries, there's always 2020
So he agrees that he's a laughing stock? Or are there moments he isn't aware that he is the president....like for real? Weird tweet and sad. I agree with Donald, though.
You absolute joke you’re not even real
A stable genius
If that's what Trump really wants then he should resign because he is certainly not up to the challenge, he doesn't have an honest bone in him!
@realDonaldTrump #Trump  @TheDemocrats @CNN @MSNBC @abcnews @CBSNews @NBCNews @NBCNightlyNews @ABCWorldNews @CBS @ABCNetwork @nbc


Trump is nothing if not perceptive
Why would anyone laugh at this eloquent speech by brave #LordFeltersnatch.
Thank you (I think) for showing us the meaning of, “ plus ça change, plus ça mème chose”. Can you turn back time?
Laughing stock 
Yeah, still waiting for this to happen:
Ok Stephen Colbert
Someone go find him. Obviously not residing in the WH.

 Lmao 
I hope you are available soon, dear God.
Oh Dear God....You're brilliant.
Good God!
He's a president not a priest or a Pope. Morality isn't the work of a president.

First time he hasn’t lied that I can remember!
God, you are just giving this guy what he wants. He doesn't care if we are laughing at him. He just wants attention. He's a baby president.
He surely wasn’t talking about, wrinkle twinkle twiddle tweet ...or was he
Look in the mirror, Dude!  Our worst enemy!

next time, we'll get such a person, and it won't be you!
Yes we DO! In due time.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @foxnewspolitics @foxandfriends
We. End a President....period!
Some pics too 
German, Der Spiegel used this on the w/e, America the Beautiful?
I always knew God had a sense of humor!

These are like gold! Who knew he could predict the future!
When is American going to get one?
God’s always right
He must have meant to add a dis towards the end there
I wonder if Donny knows someone??
And where, pray tell, shall we find such a paragon of virtue?
LOL. And we have Trump.
FFS God, can't you do something about him? Seriously? WTF do you do all day? Get your act together man. We were told to count on you. So much for 'it was God's will'. Poser!
#laughingstock react
@xwoman74  hahaha
Hey God, how did you let that twit get into power?
The first time I’ve agreed with Trump...
He's already served 8 years @realDonaldTrump
Orange dildo
God's tweets are eternaly timelesss! LMFAO
Gold Jerry gold!!!
Well then get out now.
There is a tweet for everything.
I won’t tire of sharing this.
Working harder than you tho @TheTweetOfGod  lol you’re mad soft G
Kim Jong-un's turn.
You are incapable of recognizing a leader...smh.
He makes it so easy
I’m crying 
God you’re funny, pun intended.
So Captain Bonespurs is resigning?
That seems like confession
Wow...
Just read this to my boyfriend. He laughed so hard I thought he was gonna pee himself
Keep your head inside the circle and you’ll do fine
You're God, right? And God is timeless, right? So if a tweet is timelesser, that makes the tweeter Godder, right? So that must be why Televangelists love Trump.

You've been Trumped!
Aye, everything that he's not!
And more hytericaler

That’s your man god, why?
I so much want to elect that person. Don, you’re in the way.
Dear God....fix it, please!
Why don't you bring George Washington back?
Amen
Can’t fault trump. He thinks like a smart person.
Take him back God, take him back
He is beyond irony
Does he have anyone in mind?? 
Hilarious!
Yip and what a stable genius he is 
Hurry hurry superman
It really couldn’t get very worse then this. Even Bokassa I did a better job...

Hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahah

True dat.
Trump obviously evicted an old gypsy woman who cursed him to be haunted by his own Tweets.
Each americans should be so proud of the result of the elections
Cordially,
À french boy
Trump is an imbicile.
hahahahha
Bigly! 
Wish we had one of those....
Irony!  Also - pathetic!
Aren't you close friends with cancer?
At first I couldn’t see this tweet but I remember I blocked trump
Timeleast?
and ironic
Ohh, the irony.


Hail Oh holy one
Good one God
Attention, brothers and sisters. Note that God just used the word "timelesser". Therefore "timelesser" is now a word. May I say that I love it. Thank you for this charming creation, O Lord.
We actually had a few... President Obama did a good job cleaning up Bush II’s mess and President Bill Clinton cleaned up after Bush I... wonder who’ll be the lucky person to clean up after this clown is out in 2020?
Still need one.
Too bad we don't have a president like that since Obama. The world never laughed at him.
Only you @realDonaldTrump & your cult followers have ever thought you could be this
It's almost like Trump could see 4 years into the future!
Yep. @realDonaldTrump called his own presidency as being awesome even before he ran. But I’m are you disagree.
He says the "J" is for "John"... I beg to differ.
So I wonder who he had in mind!!!
The man is an idiot but I don’t believe anybody is laughing these days.
You earn respect, 

And anything you earn, the Democrats want half.
Yes, I agree with him.  Time for him to resign and let a real President take over - just not whacky Mike Pence......

This is not one of em
I think Trump does have special powers, as he seems to be clairvoyant!  Is he more "of you" than the rest of us?
This is like the guy who knocks himself out saluting.
True dat
When will we have that President I wonder...
Finally realised he's a dick head then... what's taken him so long?!
That’s from 2014, sadly.
Awww crap 
He doesn’t have enough self-awareness to do that for himself.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
