It definitely would have been better if I died sooner and unceremoniously. That would have saved hundreds of millions of people who died in my name since.

That is to say, Dad, aborting Me would have been the greatest pro-life decision ever.
You should have capitalised the M in my.  Just saying.
Grammar checking the Savior probably won't end well for you.
Make the rapture happen, and the rest of us will be just fine here.
Amen. Merciful God save us from your followers.
Trump is working on it
How many 3 Billion...ish?
That s a few more!
That pretty much just leaves atheists & agnostics, I think  

But first, I want to see how this Trump President thing plays out.
Now THAT'S the God we've all heard about.

Well with the current lot in charge that may well happen
Isn’t that your job?
Alright too many of us have pissed off God. We need to do a sacrifice, I vote Trump, who else?
Amen, sister!

Thank God this not 'God'. lol
Sounds like the one in the Bible tho.
Ha! I knew it! Humans are  just the equivalent of an ant farm to you - interesting to watch but no real involvement- been saying it for years. Well actually, first I just said (to all the religious types) “ lol, science” but they don’t buy that.
That's putting it all in perspective. #WOKENWisdom
Just save the animals this time. Thanks.
Anyone wonder why the only one account God is following is Justin Bieber?
There are 6 billion people in this world, why do you have so few followers Dear God?
Where did you get that count?
Haha Yeah, it’s a little closer to 8 billion.
That’s too much job for me. One at a time.
I think that’s the plan of the world’s wealthiest people. If 7 billion poor people all died, there would be abundant resources left for the global elite and their robot slaves.
assuming those wealthy people have any brains, they'd make sure the slave robot infrastructure was complete before killing the rest of us off.
i think they like being able to look down their noses at us though.
You sure God? 'Cause then we'd be closer to you. 
We'd be all better of if you died..
Spot on my cuz xx
I’m quite nice. Can I stay?
You might need a Gauntlet
As would humanity, if the concept of god didn’t exist.
I believe most of us are good.  The issue is we're not news worthy while the bad gets ratings.
its like the if you wanna be who you are ..you would still wanna die
Oh you're just bitter cause your son is still getting some shine from Easter!
Lead by example. Oh wait, you don’t exist.
Bad day at the office?
I volunteer as tribute.
Or at least a certain 30% just saying
Make it so!
God needs to calm tf down lol
You had to tweet this on Friday the 13th 
We will all die soon ( in the next 100 years ) & then I am coming to find you.. because we have some Christians to ask wtf they are thinking 
Send in the asteroid 

oh God, only if you can take me first. can't wait to meet you anyway
Are you flirting with The God? 
isn't that gay? 
Do we need to have the talk?
this is a Godly matter. clearing the air is necessary. i love you God.. just like Father-son love
Did you just really “no homo,” God?
sorry i just cannot step on any Godly toe after a life of atheism 
Monster!
I think that's what  the illuminati has planned for us. 

Lol ?
Can we sign Trump up for that please?
by "most of you," You don't mean me, right?
I'm trying! Do your bit and stop saving me!

@cuntpumpkin
I guess you're a type writer short, & sorry about the carpet..
You first
Totally agree
That's what I have been saying for years.
You know better than anyone that's coming.  Populations almost always crash after growing exponentially and massively exceeding the carrying capacity of their ecosystem.  Humans are not immune from the consequences of overpopulation & ecosystem destruction.  #climate
This is not only toxic, it is defamatory.
I'm kidding about the latter part since this is obviously some loser in his basement tweeting about false gospel.
That said, I agree, to a degree, but I'm far more selective in who should be gone, and who should be spared.
Dear God.  Take a deep breath.  Go for walk in the woods.  Smoke a joint. Tomorrow is a new day.  We can get through this....
Keep talking. You're almost making me believe in you.
So these are the “mysterious ways” I’ve been hearing about
Long week huh?
Ouch! God woke up in the wrong side of the bed today.
Hold on to your hats gals 'n guys, it's rapture time.
That’s what the plague is for
Got a pandemic handy? Start with the anti-vaccine crowd, first!
Yeah! so we can all come home
True, but why did you make it so easy to reproduce?
Oh god glass half empty
My wife gets mad because I say this ALOT........
Well, yeah. And if the GOP gets its way....it could happen.
Dear God, Trump and May appear to be working on this right now. 
Please bless us, every one.
God Creator of Life ♡
"Omnipotence"
https://twitter.com/TheTweetOfGod/status/984863529386655744 …
Not very nice. I’m switching religion. You are fired.
....you first.
Not happy with your handiwork, eh!
Holy shit, God IS a republican!
again ?
We already know that 
*blushes* Thank you.
Harsh, God.
How profound God
Truth
We will
Yes, get on with it
I realized that when I was 16 years old. Don't worry, we're apparently working on it.
Is it just me? Or is anyone else becoming bored with these cryptic tweets, that could have been composed by an undergraduate?
Get your smite on dog
Err....All of us will eventually die. So what's your point?
We're trying!
Are the Illuminati real? They have that goal...
Soon enough
Like, die, on a cross?
I sense a global flood coming... @Noah_Lugeons how's the boat coming?
Sir! Yes Sir!
We're currently going the right way about it.....  see you on the other side
Agreed, release the Horsemen Bitch!
Sounds like you have a plan. WWIII?
Are cave men in heaven?
Challenge accepted
Do your worst, punk!
Harsh but fair.
Faith, is no longer a matter of religion, it’s a matter of stupidity!
If I’m wrong how, how does 400 Ottawa elected clowns literally CONTROL 35 million lemmings?
...7 Days to Die?... What's your views on zombies God? https://youtu.be/RQyfePU1IgY  #God
Actually God, as you so well know, we'll all do that sooner or later if you'll just give us a little time.
If God was on anyone's side God would stop the next war.
Wtf
I’m trying
Not you Charley, the world needs you :)
It’s Friday 13th, Trump is a President, GOP runs all 3 brunches of Gov, Russia is a “friend and ally”. So, yeah, we better off dead.
When did some edgy kid take over this account? Tweets aren't even witty, just move over to Tumblr and write memes for the kids that just talk about how depressed they are with stock photos of people crying.
Oooh my God !!!
I start do something that I want to do while I'm alive 
I meant the same thing in a conversation yesterday.
We’d all be better off if we were all dead. Now.
God is to live for not to die far ....
If you created us God could you not just kill us without thinking about it?
@realDonaldTrump
Wow! That’s a little dark. You ok?
and what about eternal life!
Could Earth be saved that way.....don't know.....
Then why you gave us LIFE?
Simmer DOWN now
I couldn't agree more...'cept not me, okay?
‘S’truth
grosso
THEN SMITE ME, ALMIGHTY SMITER!
I thought that was the plan - it's just a matter of when. Are you telling me there's another plan out there without a death clause? Man, I really did get in the wrong line!
I have considered your grief, tea party?
One moment, I will write it down in my Notes to make sure I don’t forget!
But all of Is would be better if you and your religions died!
Take me, I don't give a fuck anymore!
I'm working on it, but the list keeps getting longer

Omg, is it called Comey effect? You’ve already declared the Planet Nibiru (X) as a hoax . Now You sound (in panic) exactly as our unpopularly elected PofUS.
Yeah. It is getting pretty crowded around here
Agreed.
Why don't we start with you.
then make it happen
It's only a matter of time.
Since, you are the God with all universal powers. 

Would you please do the honor? Or, shall I ask the religion specific Gods?
And God created Scientology
Wow! Someone woke up on the wrong side of bed this morning
Tell this to shitty terrorists....they need this

The planet can support only a couple billion of us sustainably. We're at triple our quota, at least.
A bit harsh
I swear.
God doesnt want us dead. He completed his work LONG ago... Earth. The rest is up to us and in the right light we need everyone happy and living.
We’re on it!
The Rapture should take care of overpopulation
Yes, but don’t do it too soon xD
God is feeling fatalistic this millennia.
That seems to be The Donald’s master plan sadly. Today would be a good day for divine intervention—I mean, if you’re not too busy elsewhere in the universe.
So God when can we expect the creeping death?
#Metallica! 
Well could you get on that then?
You are not God; nor are you very Godlike. Give it up!
#collusionisrealprezisfake
Yes... Anyone wants to volunteer?
Jerk
Love. @TTohaniya
ahahahah so true
None of this affairs is
belong to you. This is entirely depend upon Almighty
It's really him, the telepathy hasn't been working right since Carolinus Linneaus spotted contratictions in Taxonomy. So he switched to twitter for clarity.
Are you sure you’re not Thanos?
Only you have the power to make so.........make it so number #1! 
(To be heard with Jean-Luc Picards voice, but you already knew that didn't you)
What's with you two and death today?
Don't cheat me, I know you will make me pay my mountains of sins by throwing me in hell. I don't want to die (my doctor predicted I could live 200 years).
Empty threats. You don't excist
You know what you need to do, right?
Don't give people ideas now
Owing to certain flaws in your supposedly Grand Plan most of us will die. At some point. It takes a god of epic ego to fail at so much for so long. Like you have 
God get a grip your acting like a d@ckhead you shouldn’t say sh@t like that to people even in jest hey!  Pull your fricken head in mate and apologize #2Jess  #MyPsychologistAdvise “Lead by example” #QuoteJESS urs??? @god #REPENT for your sins mate
This sounds very much a statement from Devil .
 You made us! Fix it!
They said that god is allknowing. So make it so. Me, as real god, cannot kill everybody. I have no time for that.
That's a bit harsh, you could really use a mother of your child big guy
True.
Sir Thomas Malthus said it differently, but the main idea is there.
Your reminder that the most efficient way to combat #ClimateChange, #WorldHunger, & #HumanRights Abuses - & to DRASTICALLY improve life for #Women & Girls the world over - is still free #BirthControl!
#WomensRights
#GenderPayGap
#ReproRights
#ReproJustice
#HumanRights
#Healthcare
Is God a pessimist?
Realist
Fact.
Go on then
What is...  a quote from the 1%
Donald Trump’s favorite sentence.
the GOP bible.
Hitler’s idea.
Godwin's law invoked- you lose.
Ha!  I'm afraid it could come sooner than we think...
some would be better off if most of them died!
Damn @TheTweetOfGod , harsh!
We all will eventually
Just give it time, God. No one gets out of this alive.
That's fair.
Disregarded quality control check.
Condoner deity remorsing.
at least start off with eliminating those that commit crimes against humanity, and/or are cruel to animals...

then we'll go from there
Amén.
Life is God
I wish you would have considered this before letting Columbus "discover" this continent.
Overpopulation? Wasn't Adam and Eve immortal? Would've been worse if they hadn't eaten that apple from the tree you stuck in the middle of their garden and dared them not to eat you twit(terer).
I agree with the all of you part.
I've often thought this. Apparently genocide is frowned upon as Hitler found out. Whoops my bad it's only frowned upon if the genocide is white Jews. Nobody cared about Rwanda
I don’t care what you’re sellin.  I’m staying here.

Well, you’re already dead, so there’s that.
Hahahhah
Agreed.
Can we get another flood up in here!?!?
Lmao fuck
No mater where you go, there you are.
Yeah come take me, no matter what I do I fail. Feel free to end me.
I guess you’re talking about the SIC...
Scumbags In Cahoots?
God LPQTP
I knew you were a Republican. G.O.P. (Gods Only Party)
Well, if you want to start killing us, start in Russia and Iran
Jesus Christ, your dad is so passive aggressive
Dear God, Please use your moral (really the one people used to believe) authority and make some choices. It would leave a better place.

pinche life

