This account is blasphemous
If God wanted to smite this account he could do it himself. He’s got the keys to the lightning cabinet.
Thanks god
Do unto others whatever you want to do. 
Seriously, who gives a crap anyway? 
We don’t. 

And we don’t judge. (Hint: unlike the grumpy one)

All are welcome. 
Aye. Showdown of the Gods!
#SpiritualLeader_SaintRampalji
My new mantra
Yes! Make the new list of updated commandments!
And be kind to one another, compassionate, forgiving one another as God has forgiven you in Christ. Ephesians 4:32
Cute but I think it is supposed to say do unto others as you would have others do unto you.  Its not tit for tat.  Take the high road in other words.
Wow. You just schooled god! I now worship you!
@TheTweetOfGod I don't know what you're doing but keep up the good work in the White House on these republicans...you're changing their minds too....
AND BEWARE THOSE "THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS" THEY DOO ONTO YOU
@piersmorgan
I agree. Only it's actually do unto others as you would have done to you.
Om My God, God! I didn't know you use cuss words! Now when I swear to God, I'll know you are swearing back! 

P.S. Goddess says take a deep breath ~ you both have a lot of work to do. But take heart, the good people of Earth are with you!
Fortunately, evil inspires me. Thus I never applied this self damaging idea. I, fiercely, apply to others what I never would like to be done to me. Without any mercy, it works wonderfully well.
Yup!
But we invented you to justify mean and stupid.
@TheTweetOfGod I wish I was that decent. I only know a very few people worthy of my love and respect...and that's pushing it.
DOO UNTO MEAN AND STUPID OTHERS THEN BLOCK EM
Do you need a hug your omnipotence ? I'm sending one   & much love 
Amen! 
God @TheTweetOfGod Hello! Who are the Angels you've sent on me over night? Your Archangel Metatron? Archangel Michael? You Sent Angel to me last over night came my home in Addis Ababa Ethiopia. I Prayed . Plz Sending them on The Day time. Amen.
Do you even believe in yourself?
Counterpoint: Some people are not worth it.
Like @JacobAWohl.
Haven't heard of him. Does he do Stand Up? Did he used to be on SNL?
Are you having an existential crisis Jesus or am I? I see the father and the son.....if I see the holy ghost it's likely curtains!!
Oh my God and his twin sons, I love you all for these tweets.
Twins.... or more?

                                 ... in a kick-line?

(bonus point if you recall the movie without looking it up)
I have not a clue. I pray for one of the twins to enlighten me.
Rule 34 1/2: If you can conceive it, there's a Funko Pop of it (regardless of how inappropriate).
Ya
Than i must rape a whole lotta politician
Love this one
something new
HARIॐOM,Desire is in,"meeting my mind's wish." It is desire that is the cause of sorrow and without renouncing desire,nobody can achieve real happiness.ॐSRI RAM JAI SRI KRSNA,
Sorry, God - but this is the dumbest tweet in all eternity.

You've got to get off the sauce!
.@realDonaldTrump @PressSec @WhiteHouse @VP @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @DevinNunes @HouseIntelComm @HouseGOP @SenateDems @seanhannity @FoxNews @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews 

Please take note of #God's mighty #Tweets.
But I'm a masochist
#truestory
Yeh but if everyone thought like that we wld be living in hell...the only way to change the world, is by changing yourself first & if everyone done that we wld be living in heaven . #peace #love #happiness law of abundance & attraction, #karma 
Just a little fucking late with that caveat, doncha think?
@ruthmkb Do on to others as they would do onto you,  only do it first. Another oldy but goldy
No slack given.
It makes me laugh cuz it's so freaking true
Finally you're talking sense.
Or...Fuck it. Let's have a Whisky.
If we lived by that JC motto, we'd be fucked.
Do to others as you would have them do to you. You missed out the "have"
aaaaaaand:
 "Activate..."
And burn Israel Faluo in hell!
Amen!!!!
I like this God
...and all gods children said, "amen".
So you created man in your own image,right? So that means you and the idiots that voted for Trump are responsible.  Gee,thanks God. While your at it a plaque would be good right now. Hey ,wait. What about my hair? Why the hair?
But Trump???
Language Lord!
Golden Rules:

1) Don't be a jackass.

2) See number 1.
That's the one commandment of my Compassion Project: "Don't be an asshole to yourself or others." Or in positive terms "be compassionate to yourself and others".
God, damn you’re good!
Praise! Carve that in stone, Moses!
Well I have gotten nailed to a cross and they expect me to die for their sins (IDIOTS!)
No one lives by that no more. Everyone's about being a "savage".
People are made from shit, not ashes.
That’s exactly what Jesus meant.  Treat others like you would want to be treated if you were in their situation and ignore the selfishness in you.
Amen brother....I mean father....I mean....whatever.
#tweetoftheday
Wow! Your Dad must have been a narcissist.
Take some valium or something you angry bolox
Preach
"...as you would want others do unto you."
When said correctly, one doesn't need to resort to profanity ;-)
Dude , you are the true God ! Even Athiests like to follow
Right now I'm working on treating them the same way they treat me...
Then you can pull the 10 Buddha Punishment States out of your bag of goodies and baddies to sort the blighters out.
Close enough...
Is this an invitation you kick You in the bud when we meet in Heaven? Because we will meet You know…

Eventually… 

Are You as prepared as I am?
Isn't that sort of like Bambi's mother's rule... if you don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all... but of course this is not the reality in our Twitter world....
I think that was Thumper's father (as told by his mother), not Bambi's mother.
I stand corrected. But the message was  great  wish it was followed more.
Yep, I've just had one of those days too God. 
@ fake friends
You still have a touch of Leviticus in you, trying to get out.
I prefer the more libertarian slant: Don't do unto others as you would not like done unto yourself.
@realDonaldTrump
Amen!!!
Big ask, bro.
AMEN. #thisguyknowshisshit
I don't know why but whenever I hear the word God irl, this old man's face pops up in my head. Weird.
So what was bro talkin bout turnin d other cheek n shii ?
Yep.
You said it!
Woke god
Talking about the deplorables?
I love my crush.
Thou shall obey God. Ramen!
Good can I punch daffy don ...?
Is that Thessalonians or Ephesians?
Good luck
You're responsible for Trump being in office, so I'm not going to listen to you.
#notmyfault at least
In Hell, we do unto others as we would have them do unto us, buy we are all sadomasochist. Kind of a requirement of the job.
Amen God!
Do unto others as they have done unto you
But what in the hell is this world coming to?
I know i m not supposed to question god but what in the world where you smoking in the garden that compelled you to make man ? Thinking that you might messed up looking for some poker buddies
Nyc

Mister God,
I am fed up with you.
Amen Sir.
If I did unto others, as they have done to me, I would be a terrible person!

Sometimes I feel like you are not a parody account.
Parody account? Don't talk like that to God.
But that's the point God, they are mean and stupid.
Starting with yr. good-self, setting a crap example as per usual.
This revision of the golden rule is sadly very necessary for today's climate.  Thanks God.
I love this you, God. :)
You're just so wise! :D
I think you meant “do unto others what you wish to be done unto you” “god”
That is an important addendum we might have all benefitted from, if you hadn't left it off the first time around.
What happened to the Jacob Wohl tweet?
That is so effing hard, God.
The golden rule.
Omg my bff won! Yesterday
Bitch that’s fake and we ALL know that
Couldn't you just have made us all perfect, hot and kind?

You cocked up.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
