So this is why our switchboard has been lit.
He cannot ravish; He can only woo. - C. S. Lewis -
God never forces any one to love/side Him.He gives us freedom to choose to love Him in response to His love. He keeps on waiting until one day like the prodigal son we go back to Him.
If we don't choose him we get tortured forever in a place he created, so it's do what I tell you to or burn. Not much of a choice if you ask me.
Add “in most cases” and you’ve got a winner, Heavenly Father
@allvolemily
Unless you want to live......
my god you are wise
@paguioj09 MIDDLE CHILD
Jedi tayo dai, wag tayo sa dark side. May the force be with us, Wakanda forever! Hahahahaha.
HAHAHA LABOLABO NA #jedi #Wakanda
God4Guns
I rather be dead than to be forced into a collectivist idiollogy.
Sorry God, looks pretty but sounds like bullshit.
Inside or outside?
@CharIieMcCabe
Amen to that! 
Providing the facts of that side are just that: facts. The persuasive nature of one's argument does not determine the truth therein.

(Slides down from soap-box)
You are either with us or against us you goodly mofo ;-)
but thats not what you're doing…..

So Switzerland ?
You think these words would make a good tattoo, but so many 'sides,' you just know it's going to come out wrong
Or don’t, it’s your choice.
Sometimes you've got to pick a side, God.
Yes, while being assaulted by an Islamic state IS guy. Must be simple. I heard the rape victims' therapists in places like Canada, need therapeutic help after hearing the horror of rape by Islamic State of IS jihadi.
Amen to that
Kind of reminds me of King Solomon's story.
That would leave you out then God...
Word of the god
Your wisdom overflows
God stands against the SNP. Mason won’t be pleased.
Unless you are @realDonaldTrump  and you have to be told to not side with Nazis
That side is the one the Left usually hates the most.
Hear that @CleanVillage ?
That is what Solomon did with the two mothers, each claiming: "The child is mine!"
I'm remembering Side to Side 
Like when your son said "he who is not with me is against me"?
The ones who have no internet ?
Masoni a
Amen.
And what about conscription?
Reminds of the ending to the movie "The Good Son" with Culkin and Wood.
So not the left then?
That's not how it worked at NYADA in Glee.
Love your work @TheTweetOfGod. Here's my take on your so-called commandments (endorsements, I call them). Praying you're cool with them.
There's a song in there somewhere.

That's a little conceited, eh?
I like this! Except what if the other side doesn't want you?
Are you suggesting to be atheist ... As all religions are telling forcefully in some way to take your side

This is offensive.  You are abviously an Atheist.
Amen to that. 
The only side that matters is the dark side of the force
You'll never brave the tides coz the sides won't guide
I've done that my whole life.
I always go against any ultimatum.
Now people know that instead of asking me to take sides, they can come to me for a neutral point of view.

I've lost 'people' along the way because of it, but I've never lost any friends.
That's why people who chose the empire in Skyrim are dumb
wow
That is what I keep telling those Jehovah witness that show up on my doorstep...
Sounds like a way to end up agreeing with those with no conviction. How does one 'force' someone to pick sides anyway?
When people start their conversation with "God told me to...", I know they are forcing God to take their side.
This is flawed
there is no side that did not force you to take sides, do not decive people again dear God!
The devil?
Thank you...
thinking of including Pontifex in our conversations...
much needs to be discussed over a cup of tea 
I always do.
May the force not be with You
Amen ably 
ASK
Well... That closes the BTC/BCH discussion. Thanks GOD.

#BTC #bitcoin #TheOne #TheRealBitcoin

@BTC__Blockchain
You’re killing @Eminem
As always, wise words oh esteemed and mighty god (oops, sorry, capital G).
How utterly vapid.  How about learning to grow a fuckin opinion and pick sides based on something other than whichever one is easy and doesn't ask anything of you.
MUM!! God's trying to gaslight me again!!!
God you are the Man... or The God... either way I’m impressed #lotstothinkabout
You crazy...
Did that 20 years ago when a friend asked to choose between him and another friend. It was a wise decision I can vouch
But if you can do that then it didn’t force you
I would prefer not to.
sollte man meinen ja...
Give in to your hate
I force no one to follow me or go to church
Guardians of the Galaxy
And don’t let the side that forced you to take sides know about it.
i thought it was irresponsible to vote for third party candidates, some said it got Trump elected
.. that’s deeper than your usual stuff, ever thought of writing a book?
KEEP THE SIDES  ASIDE
AND GO AHEAD. LIFE
IS TO KEEP ON MOVING
AND NOT TO TAKE THIS
OR THAT SIDE.
Like the white settlers forced us to convert to Christianity?
You don't need force when people have been brainwashed to the core.
But what if both sides are forcing you
What about not taking any side and being on your own and not giving shit of what's happening between two groups ????
So who's side are you?
Damn god, that's deep.
So... don’t side with the NRA! Because they really make you chose a side
Then whole purpose of the side forcing you take sides is to make you take their side.
Thank you God, you truly are democratic. Amen
So when you threaten us with damnation if we don't repent, does that mean we should side with Satan?
Damn... revelation on its core!!! lol
Well god. If you put it this way, then I will just stick to it has it doesn't have any rules like you. What you see is what you get and I'm down with that
You tell ‘em god!  Wait...what?
Doesn’t work when dealing with two kids.
Sage advice God. TY
So there! And you said so @ 3:33 
(It's just a thing, get over it)
Are u an anarchist?  Or perhaps the Antichrist?
That's real deep. Deeper than my urge of joining the wrong side..
DM me if you're interested in making extra income
so, choosing between the allies, the axis and Switzerland, choose the side still hiding Nazi gold?
If you stand for nothing Burr,what will you fall for?
Lol, you truly are the all knowing.
For a God, you're pretty wise.
Mind blowing
Wwwhhhhaaatttttttt
Good one God
That sounds abit forceful! 
Praise it
Thanks God!
Amen

Dude 
So Trump
Aren't you the "believe in me or go to hell" guy? If that isn't being forced to take sides then WTF is?!!
That’s not really God 

Heh 
So that's why you're alone!
How’d you get so smart?
always
Lord, I need to read this several times, over and over, before I understand it. Then I’ll give your tweet a “like”. Fair?
Whoa dude. That's deep. You should totally write a book.
You speak with forked tongue

that was BRILLIANT

;)
Damn God, you’re getting pretty wise in your old age.
perfect..
If there is anyone You could follow that could use Your support, it would be @davidhogg111 and @Emma4Change.

Or You could just smite a few people, but isn’t that getting old?
Between the two, I'd rather have a side of chunky chips with mayo.
Either that ... or create your own side and influence the outcome.
yes
Take the Correct Side , whether forced or unforced ..
But what happens if the side that didn't force me to take sides was using reverse psychology .... maybe we should just go with our heart or our instincts ?
Bingo
Says the deity who tells you to believe in him or burn in enteral hell fire.
Yo, word!! Now, tell me where to send money and build temples for you 
Or full of Nazis
No, I'd take none. You can only mediate.
the left side of my brain has nothing right & its right side has nothing left.
That's deep!
What do you have against our lord and savior, Nelanite?

"Get a grip Jim!"
You never do because you don’t exist
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything
You know...your never gonna verified.
I should hope not! Nearly every verified user on Twitter is a certified moron!
I’m not God
Damn! That was pretty wise of you. For once.
Cheers god
Sound wisdom!
When choosing sides I'm unsure of i always go for the 'ip dip dog shit' option
Oh, God. Having a bad day?
You do realize those kind of ultimatums come from our side of the political fence, right?
Or stay I'm the middle do a bit of shit staring . Secretly film them put it on you tube make millions #GoodToBeBad
are you forcing that on me?
Depends which side of the fence you’re on
Unless you disagree
But that would make Team Captain America on Iron Man’s side and Team Iron Man on Captain America’s side.
So, not religion then? 
I don't have to force Republicans to take sides. Republicans come to me so willingly!
Always
Even when the other side is the dark side?
For a figment of someone's imagination you give good advice. Someone's got a good imagination.
I side with the Dark Side, Jedism is real!!!
Wisdom
So then no sides
Fucking Awesome God....I knew you were smart!
Yup
"Sides: the form of the argument you've been trained to accept."—@thelastpsych
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpColluded
Another axiom from the Great One...@TheTweetOfGod
That's exactly what I do! 
...labisiktirişallah.com tr
Your not defending your liberal thoughts here.
So team Cap
I like the backside.
You only speak the truth 
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
