That’s just your opinion, son.
Dont you mean dad? Or dont you mean yourself according to the holy triangle
You mean the holy Trinity a term coined by some of my early fundamentalists followers coined in an attempt to explain my godhead
Does this include Santa?
Santa Clause is real!  
Trying harder. You are an amusement  
Oh their God!
And u are the fakest author of it
Kudos to all snakes out there,they showed us how to bonk.They showed Adam and Eve
GOD IS HOLY AND HIS WORD IS THE TRUTH. GOD, HAVE MERCY ON THEM ALL LAUGHING . Father, forgive them for they not know what they are doing 
The Bible is man's attempt to explain his surroundings before science took hold. I enjoy reading the Bible but with the eyes of understanding why, where, and when it was written.
Anyone who accepts the universe as a singularity in a vacuum and proclaims God doesn't exist is contradicting themselves.
Everything you just said about science is wrong.

Of course, I've always found that people who have science never understand it.
Hawking's knocking of anthropic principle had much to do with personal bitterness. I've yet to meet a scientist who could disprove the Bible.
Huge portions of the Bible have been disproven for hundreds of years
Wow, that's news to me. References?
For example, Genesis describes a firmanent, a roof over the world and even explains the flood as the firmanent's collapse. Today we know that the universe is nothing like this.
The Bible also describes Earth being created before the sun, when the sun actually came first.
Yeh all gods are hypocritical
Nope, it's the people who are!
nice try God
Wrong!
Said by god himself 
You are totally right! As usual God. 
This is FAKE

I thought tr*mp is the source of all fake news.
All religions. They are novels « inspired by some truthful facts ». 
1/3 history 1/3 fiction 1/3 marketing.
. Bible is most powerful book i had read in this earth . i have prove
This tweet begat all other tweets. It is the original tweet.
"In the beginning, there was the tweet..."
....it’s lack of a sports page, with racing results, is a major flaw! x
Naw...the Bible IS real, good news
Many people who spew the words from it are FAKE though! Big difference. But you knew that right god? (I hope you forgive the little g)

Failing to live the words IN the book further cements the NON-belief of His existence. Christian Atheists...
I mean the Bible is real because it exists. But it's all fiction.
I mean, it's fake to those who claim it's real IF they don't live what it says. That to me makes it appear as fiction!

Seriously, I DO believe AND know that it IS real, as is God! That alone allows me to love AND respect ANYone who does not agree to the truth of it's Good News.
You know it's real? Ok. Let's see the evidence.
The evidence? You're able to SEE, able to expect a reply to the comment! Surely IF man, alone was able to "create" man, well, some of us wouldn't be! Besides, if He/it  were fake, there goes the abortion argument Christians use, right? lol
Even so, WE are free to believe OR not.
Adam and Eve story,it was an inside job
Adam should have used his gun to protect Eve from that snake! Or she should have respected his instructions AND listened!
The snake taught us how to bonk.
Wait what? Sounds like fake news to me
#NotmyGod
If you say so. What about the commandments, are they actual instructions or more like an IKEA Manuel for life?
Yeah because working on the Sabbath is totally a moral issue. The 10 commandments don't include don't rape. But don't you dare work on the Sabbath! Civilizations knew murder, theft and lying were wrong long before the Bible. Many knew rape was wrong. Those commandments didn't.
Due to budget cuts, the commandments have been reduced to only ONE anyway. It's now okay to--
Lie
Kill
Steal
Covet
Adultery
Ignore the Sabbath
Dishonor your parents
Have idols
Don't speak badly about the chosen one or face a bullying twitter rant
Asking for evidence is bullying. Lol that "logic" alone earns you all the mockery.
What are you talking about? I didn't take it that YOU were bullying me! Actually YOU can't...You're NOT the boss of me! God is! lol

god's (little g) posts are always in fun! Here's a rope...lynch me, massa...Peter for using MY freedom to comment ANY way I want too! 
Bye Judas
Damn...
Can't beat the quran
Exactly
The Bible is the Boogeyman for Christians
No it's not! 

Lucifer is bogeyman! That pitchfork & fiery eyes...frightening! "The devil made me do it!"
Lucifer and God work together,you can't have God without Lucifer or Lucifer without God
I'm not disagreeing about the existence of either, just which is the alleged "bogeyman" 

People don't seem to fear the Bible else they would live what it says! Seems some to treat it as if it has no authority or substance is my point.

Harlequin books get more respect.
You are correct
Many archeological digs support bible writings.  Mt. Moria for Jewish Temple, one guy saw the Ark of the Covenant, Babylon Tower, etc.
You heard the man!!!
Just seen this. We pay modern fiction writers vast sums to entertain us. When this book was started, how do you imagine the first scribes thought as they wrote? So much added, taken away, manipulated over years, what is the Bible, but a book of tales and how to organise Humans.
Put that in sky writing pls. I don't trust anything that isn't signed. Look at the Stormy Daniels thing. I can't risk it
Not fake news. Faith news.
C’mon, own up, did you write it. Plus the question many Christians get wrong. You did claim that you made a woman pregnant in order to give birth to yourself and the get yourself killed and the wake up then disappear. What were you trying to prove?
What is truth I ask?
Relative.
True and Quran and all books the same as them .
I know right
True
Lucy as nickname will fit you much better,  trilero
Isn't it!
Kuran is, worst of all
Yup...it's really about the Annakki.
nahman have you seen the quran
we all know its quran
Once one realizes this, the rest begins to melt away and the chains of an absolute slavery begin to break. #educationisvital
I would ordinarily champion this belief, which is why I stopped attending--and believing, But then I read Trump's first organized attempted Fraud against America and science. I am now totally convinced that Trump has established the new low-bar for intellectual vacuity.

Apesta.
Damn

That is just what SATAN would say!
This one don craze finish
No you are
And a little out of date.
I don’t know about that, God. We are warned about Trump in Revelation.

I'm thinking it's just old news.
@Supersantos11 even god knows wassup
@sukhramani4 
 “with great power comes no responsibility”
Then why do you call yourself god then? 
so, you were wrote ficcion.
I think thid god is son of @s8n
I wonder where all these atheist were/are, when the USAs Government is rapidly becoming rigidly conservative right wing and corporate?   Yet ... I digress.
If all copies of the bible were destroyed. It would never come back. If every science book was destroyed. The same science books would be written again. Thats because one is real and one is made up
Wow. God is a democrat. What a failtard
Not me. I'm as real as that heart attack that's coming.
Amen

Moses and you have already lost copyright (revenue) on your book, this late admission will further shrink your earnings; I’d advise you to publish a second series in line with Mein Kampf.....
I beg to differ. Science falsely so called & Rothschild owned media is the fakest of them all
the Bible, news thats hard to tell fakest from fictional
True because our ancestors (in rome probably) recreated or should i say "traslated" the original bible. Which the bible clearly said that the bible should not be messed with.
Salty.
one huge story duuhhhh but great for analysis so
thanks be to God lol 
Not true at all.
What would I do with my life without your tweets?
Fake is bad  Mythology is teaching.

Until you know the truth it will remain a mystery to you!
People are so arrogant towards what they don't understand.
Unfollow
God I love you
Lent To be the father but the way Jesus had said Carry what is broken but never lose sight of it all.
The Palm cannot teach one that discovered the Palm that Has fire against gods Will And to it  the father that wasn't born to Illuminati.
not the fakest but top5
Thank you Father
This tweet is obviously not from God.
bible help me help my friends
Bible is the breath of human medicine for sick food for SPRITUAL life Bible is the gods word
Rape, child murder, slavery and gencide are okay because it’s his word. Got it. Perfect. Wonderful frame of mind.
Yet, You inspired 40 prophets to write the scriptures...hmmm 
Explain the Quran then
Yes
Evidence?
This thread is just too wild. 
No u
The bible is the fakest news COPY from previous and even older fake news.
Yep
good god sounds like trump
But the Old Testament has some great stories. I don't own a Bible but I have read the stories. They are wicked and spellbinding.

Yeah. Jesus came back, saw what had happened since he left. said "one job, i gave you all one job, and you blew it" and went back home. 
Your kid tried, but sadly, evil men are hard to usurp.
Yes it is
And how about your twitter account ?
No you are
It was real at the time
It’s literature. Nowt else.
The only fake here is *you*.

Jesus: "Love thine enemies":
If your emotions and your temper are your enemies, love your enemies.
If your thoughts and feelings are your enemies, love your enemies.
If your guilt and sins are your enemies, love your enemies.

https://www.facebook.com/TheAdvocateJohn1426/posts/2118146331746986 …
lmaoooo true dat
The Bible is written by man, who can screw up a wet dream. Nature has it right.  The Bible thumpers are selective about what parts of the Bible suit their point of view. Hard to trust something written by man and re-written. I believe in God, but organized religion is bullshit.
Fake Good News
God can't deny Himself 
Bug detected

Reset launch in 10 seconds 
9
8
...
It's neither new neither fake.
Maybe it was a satire but some simple-minded individual pushed it as a true story.
Quick Almighty, which is more fake, the Bible or the Quran?

How can you be so sure?
Even the part when you were bitten by the radioactive spider the night before Easter?
Not.... All of it
Then go to ALLAH then
Xxx videos
Wwwxxxxvideo
Xxxvideocom
Coming from you, that's worrying.
Nope. It's the Book of God and from God so that we have abundantly Life — Eternal Life. Your account is clearly from Satan's design: it's deadly and promotes death. Eternal Death whilst laughing.
Free will... 
God won't ever force someone to do something ...
I don’t think of it as fake news - more a collection of socialist pamphlets defining how people might live together loafs and fishes for sharing the last shall be first and the eye of the needle malarkey
You still need a discussion on this this bullshit. When Pope has Alzheimer's. And take PCM for headache...LOL
ALL religion is total bollocks
True dat

You got that right.....a guy lives inside a whale for three days!  Come on, God, even a three year old doesn’t believe that one!
Why did you say this?
Says the author... :)
And Jesus?  What about Stalin?
I knew it 
Oh, and while I'm at it. THANK YOU so much for this moment of clarity in which I realized the TRUE meaning of Covfefe. That was EPIC. Thank you God! #IamCovfefe
Be Honest to Yourself God. That's WHY you gave me the Covfefe Revelations, didn't you? Because you realized the Bible could use a wee bit of an upgrade. You know, bring it into this day and age. https://youtu.be/-JWLY2EW7Vk  #IamCovfefe
Remember when you said:
Do not be deceived: God cannot be mocked. A man reaps what he sows.
The bible is TRUE! Believe me! How do I know, you may ask? (go ahead, ask).

Because the Bible says so. There! Solid logic.

#IamCovfefe Not JUST Covfefe. I am the Prophet of Covfefe. At your service dear God.
Old news is old.
Ummm,Is that you Donald ?

Just think one thing 

The Bible can help you have a direct link with God through faith in Jesus' resurrection...

How ? 
Pray in your heart and ask God a miracle in the name of Jesus ...

That's that simple .

https://www.pscp.tv/w/bWyQXzF3QkVBZHF5V0RHalB8MU1ueG5lT3Jxcm9KT88Az6-hU5QmtJPyZqbtB5WJK8njv5I5mAcnzALlVXZH …
Your son had some weird friends
Fictional
And it's truly olds now. Read science books for further news. lol
Biggest sham humans ever pulled.
PANTIES.
THE POLICE,PAULA DEANDA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,SHORTESTAY,FOREVERESTAY,THE MOST INNOCENT PERSON IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLDESTAY, AND BROWN ONLY AND LIKING BROWN STUFF AND BROWN PEOPLE ONLAY.
Religion aside its the best history of the Earth book ever published. IMO
NOTHANG AT ALLAY.
CAN I GET OFF.

Please, can we be best friends?!
Consider the source. It was like a game of telephone.

No offense, but, are you maybe just angry that your copyright expired? Just a thought.
Especially the section where you tell us how to treat slaves.
The bible is the word of God, those words are spirit and live. 
This tendency of making the bible to look fake it's only good for atheist and those that have refused to repent and follow God's way because they are not ready to stop their wicked ways of sin.
Hahahahaha. I’ll rather live in sin by eating selfish and not selling my child their rapist for seven pieces of silver and owning slaves than to follow the God of the Bible. I’ll follow Beerus before the God of the Bible. Beerus gets shit done.
Because of your depravity you have said God does not exist. Everyone will give an account for their lives.
EDGY
Best selling work of fiction, though. 
What is of God will subsist, what is not of Him will drown in darkness.
It MIGHT be more believable if it had been written by ONE guy who didn't do drugs.
Here! Here!
That is an awesome hashtag! #TheBibleIsTheFakestNewsOfAll
stop fooling people . tweeting the account shpule be verified
Yes. In parts. But, a bloody good read!
must be right
Why is this even a discussion! It’s just like trump
@CalgarySenate

Amen!
“I am 'sort of' haunted by the conviction that the divine William [Shakespeare] 
is the biggest and most successful fraud ever practiced on a patient world.”
signed Henry James
...so are YOU fakest or is The Bard bullshit fakest? 
Answer yes or no - haha
https://doubtaboutwill.org/declaration 
Earth is 4.6 billion years old. Human life a drop in the ocean of time.We’re still learning.Religion evidently helps some,but cripples truth
It hurts far far more than it helps
agreed. 
Hurrah someone telling the truth!
 NO DUMB ASS!! Bible stands for: Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth. Your creators gave you that book by which to save your souls but you call it fake.

You and the support you get from your followers, are proof that HELL is way more populated than PARADISE/HEAVEN.
The Upanishads still make more sense today. They're clear.
Err excuse me!!! Those penguins defo walked to get on that boat that took all the wood from Northern Europe to build!!
Up with that other silly book people like? Can't remember the name of it! 
Yet some of you get married in churches and pathetically seek the blessings of a pastor who uses quotations from the Bible.
Boring! Were you out partying last night with your god friends??
Nope, you just have to "read" it right...
Since you’re biblical, I don’t believe you, either.
@TheTweetOfGod Include Quran, Mahabharata and Ramayana also.

Bhagwat geeta is the best
A 2000 page epic bore.
They still won't believe you.
How about the Quran ?
I Understood before Fake of Sacred Bible's been written down by Hebrews.
Because it has been revised by people with a different agenda
Faut quand même être un grand malade pour vérifier que Dieu a bien son compte Twitter !
I can’t ‘like’ this comment enough
How come people with 10,000 followers are only following 50 people? If I had 10,000 followers, then I would be following 10,000 people!
