Do you consider yourself religeous in non god things such as politics?The public are getting religious about issues in politics. It seems its a flaw of the human condition rather than a flaw of christianity that christians are religious.
Just believe in yourself... you can do it!
Dear God
If you still think that you are something-please let me remind you of what you use to whisper to everyone before descending him to earth.

"Godliness is the ultimate experience of nothingness."

Bowing.
Lol gud
Well, you wouldn’t be religious, would you? That would be weird.

Hi
Every one must believe in them self surely ... have you had your medication ?
Hey God you have been checking my profile.
You are his favourite child.
me too
Amen
Same here bro
Sounds like part of a personal ad
Crafty little man you!
I consider myself a hard core religious but I don't impose my religious beliefs on others,
Same God, same.
You and me both!
Hay good do u have my ri
Believe in yourself man!
Me took 
Ditto. Namaste
Or religious and not spiritual
Nnm (Koikili 1t|u|tw_\__s_w__      **wx wwxcc cxc; # cf #
Me too!!
Me too god, me too.
Ahaha
Good God!
I AGREE WITH YOU
I am not considerable at all
That's what your son said.
PREACH
Thanks God, I do too.
I consider you "lame atheist" but not "with personal existence problems"
Love the capital M in 'myself.' 

I too am spiritual.  Rum is a spirit isnt it .
Well that's what my Twitter status says
...unfortunately, most of your followers don't know this, or they know it but chosen to sell the organised religion crap instead to the unsuspecting!!! Please fix this!
Love This! So true!  Mind if I use this?
Religion is man made and appeals to the ego-....spirituality is freely given and doesn't even recognize the ego
...please proceed to share the enlightenment! Publicly available at https://divineintelligenceinstitute.com . #BeCurious!
TY
The popular chosen spiritual path of following conflicting religious dogma will never assist in this species evolving because they are founded on differences-hierarchies-judgement-separation
Don't agree w/that
Look around-How's that been working
Can you think too? 
So God reads Osho....Great going

Oh, you've been to Hell.  Me too.

I love you spiritual
So you saved spirit that has been hijacked by religion. Good job God
Meta shit
I was wondering if there it was a God, now i know, there is me - Homer Simpson
Way to go God, now your getting it!
Me too!!!
yes, who else would you worship!
It's drama  being religious all than we ,(people's) should be spiritual therefore god is one
ure centuries old.
You and me both god
I think this is the closest I felt to you.
And I’m not honest, but you’re very interesting...
Just like us... Your real sons.
while any sane person considers you imaginary
We are so much alike.  #Soulmate 
same
You rock God!

Good God, I'm glad you're a spiritual fruit and not a religious nut.

That just means you have no rules............sign of a false god................
The Evangelicals, excuse me, the Pharisees, are very religious & supports a President who is directly opposite of your son, Jesus. Oh, no wonder you're not religious! Me neither & I do love your son, Jesus. Thanks for the gift!
Cool.
Me too! Thanks, God!
#Agreed
Yeah... That's the way to be. 
Why??
For a second I thought I was reading @Things4WhitePpl
As it should be
Who do you pray to?
God, that’s why none of this is working. We’re getting your thoughts but none of your prayers and we obviously need more prayers to fix everything.
That’s funny. I consider yourself to be imaginary.
For the majority of Republicans it is the other way around!
But you're god.
Add me to that list
Sundays holy begging hysteria of Sodom  and Gomorrah loves crimes , more shooting more prayers ...Gomorra says hell  luuuuyyyah ... Sodom says a man a man-- revelation of absurd .
This makes me laugh and laugh!  I lurv you @TheTweetOfGod
Sick
Me too. GMTA God. :)
Me too God Me too
%
Believe in yourself.
You and I both...
THIS.
Cracked me up. Thanks, God.
As should everyone
This one always cracks me up. I reply with...So you're agnostic?
Claiming to be an agnostic is affirming you agree with TH Huxley's principle of agnosticism. 
I do. But too many people don't even know what he had to say.
See #2? - I don't think you're going to like that. He's right of course ... but that's another discussion.
@caroljsroth And I am the Higgs Boson.
get ready for 
T H O U G H T S
A N D
P R A Y E R S
I hear non-affiliated is the quickest rising religious demographic in the U.S.
First quit drinking and creating.
Oh, God, so do I. We have something in common!
i love you god..your quite something
So do we
Me too God... Love ya!
How's the smiting department? I have some nominations for their attention, if they're not too busy, n'all.
Well of course. You are the Spirit. Those little mere mortals went and invented religions to try and explain you.
Okay, maybe you can read my mind! That was my weasel-word for denying You! When I became aware of it. Then I went Full Monty and took the plunge into full atheism. No sparks, no shock, no Edison or Westinghouse. Just calm. I was saved from religion. Try it. It may cure you too.
Deep.
Me to , All religions I follow except those that preach hate
I consider myself confused but not deluded.

You’re fired.
Did you give some churches the idea for Drive-thru Ash Wednesday? Gave me a laugh seeing it on way to work today
A religious person is afraid of going to hell. A spiritual person has been there.
I savour your thoughts like an old brandy but on a night like this I consider myself rather spirituous than spiritual.
LOL, AYYY
Pelease God, Can I use this phrase as excuse to skip church on Sundays?
thats the future of human " spiritual but not religious"
If you wouldn’t mind tok@much, bring back some Old Testament antics in Washington...you know, for a warning.
I thought so!
I think your son hacked your account
Me too. I read the teachings of The Buddha. Seems to fit me as a person.
Amen!
Means you too drink wine.
Nami futhi kudala ngisho wena thixo sila same whatsapp group  nwe

Okay
urgh, can't stand people that say that...or deities I guess
me too, god, me too.
U r funny for sure :)
I consider you my pet rock.
All about you again?
You are unemployed else No one will  create such a meaningless world.
Thank God
How about imaginary?
You so funny, God.
How shocked I'm unbelievable
It would be weird, to class telling yourself what to do and how to live, as religious. Or do you mean, 'Do as I say, not as I do'? Anyway, I think you should believe in me, not the other way round.
I believe I can trust you!
Drug Addict

Are you part of any union?
HAHAHAHAHA!!!!
#Motivational
I knew it! 
I consider you a fairytale. Like Mother Goose, but with a less credible book.
Hey god, are you a man or woman?
None,in the spiritual realm there is no gender.
Then how was I made in his image? I have a gender
U and i we are still in the physical realm once we pass over into the spiritual then gender cease to exist.
So gender is a manmade thing?
Lol no ofcoz not.
So god made it?
To answer that We will have to now tap into ur belief system, if u believe in God then yes God did, if u believe in science then science created it.
 jajajaja me too
Agnostic focker 

LOL
I thought you were an atheist. otherwise is there someone above you?
So do I
It’s possible that I may have to unfollow you now, get a grip for God’s sake
Glad you see it my way.
I consider you and idiot for creating existence...
Me too...
Religion is the biggest cause of blindness .It is the biggest market which provides employment to billions of people across the http://globle.Media ,Arms Dealing Syndicates,Travel & Tours biggest beneficiary of Religion .
Is the holly spirit religious ?
then #HappyMahaShivaratri
How do you feel about self empowerment?
Oh for Gods sake, hippies!
Well my goodness. , I was created in your image , I consider myself the same way , kind of like your boy , on the day he tossed out all the thieves and hucksters out of church. 40 days of fasting still in style ?
I consider myself a Christian, but not a churchgoer. It's too much of an establishment.
Only Humans have rights to diside there god & religion.

Yes! 
Don't you just dislike people who say that! Don't you though? Oops sorry God 
EXACTLY
I agree with you, I'm very spiritual, but definitely not religious! I love you! You are awesome!
In short you worship yourself
Bingo!
Do a better job.
This’s the cliche I don’t like to hear from you...Leave this phrase for the priggish on-the-fence haut monde.
same (no offense meant)
Good ! We were afraid that you may mistake us.
Since you are not religious
You are not spiritual either !
Same here!
Do you happen to be at a cocktail party right now? Or even a rave?
Good luck about your own creative duties God my Dad in heaven.
Just an Xmas/Easter sort of a thing?
So do I, God.
Read that again, but slowly
To be 100% spiritual God, you must find your inner peace with Trump. He seems to get your back up a little too much..
Wow! Wait 'till @SamHarrisOrg and @DeepakChopra find out about this.
You'll have your commemoration memory neorealism monument in metals being sculptured by me in heaven.
God reassuringly deeper than I thought.
Don't worry about. I only consider myself bored.
I’m both.
good god you are a spirit
You've got no one to pray to.
i consider you non-existent
So, I HAVE been made in Your image :)) Knew it!

Lol. There's never any context with Kermit...
What theology/philosophy moves you most?
I love hearing the true word of my Lord and Savior.
Same.
So... atheist?
No, he didn’t say he doesn’t believe in himself.
Wow! You too?
I ate meat today. Sorry man. I’ll do better.
I’ve always considered You neither. More like: Infinite
I've my father you God's supernatural being. Very handsome of God you our saviour. Please you forgive us about our sins.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
