Kill it.
Therefor, these laws also apply to (the) gods: #thinkbefore Avoid #regret by #thinkagain. Consult your #shadow, your #innervoice, your #otherpart, your #adversary, before. #DecideWisely lol
Reality Television an even worse one!
Reality Television is not real.
OH ya think?!?
Just for those that didn’t already know it.
Can ya believe people think this is real??? Shows how dumpster got elected!
Yep!
Beiber was a bad idea
Canonize for sainthood!!  

C:/delete reality.sys
That should do it!
Hey! Take that back. Reality was a friend of mine. Oh, wait. That’s just a lyric from a PM Dawn song from the early 90s. Never mind.
Thank you for the support. New music coming soon. I promise it’s time to make people feel music again. Bliss out PM Dawn 4 ever
Nothing warms my heart more— than seeing a father, and son, bickering.
Reality is an illusion caused by the absence of drugs in your brains
Thats why you invented peyote.
Yeah. Make it stop.
Because you’re not in it?
I thought this was a computer simulation?
Shhh ... spoiler alert!
At least you gave us a pretty big choice of ways to escape it.
@Camul22 
445
Why? Pretending to be what you are not is better?..........just askin
Y ahí es cuándo Dios, se apiadó de nuestra existencia y creó la marihuana
Right.
But reality was required for anybody to have an idea. How exactly did you evolve into the most complex thing within reality before reality allowed change? Were you drinking again?
Reality TV was a bad idea.
Searching Reality Hindus came up with #Math and #ZERO or non existence!! You killed us for that
We the pagans have thought of Reality. You messed up lord
http://dharmic-aryan.blogspot.co.uk/2017/02/what-is-reality-what-is-man.html?m=1 …

That moment when you have to 5150 God.
Fuck
thank You God for catching up with reality
Do you mean the apprentice or apocalypse?
@realDonaldTrump was an even worse idea. 

@TheTweetOfGod wrote: 
"Reality was a bad idea."
Yeah... then again, it's just an idea
@katya_zamo
Death rate per human?

100%.

Continues to exist in "Heaven"?

Or energy conserved, once more directly connected to as yet unknown energy/swath?
Hence the expression #LivingTheDream  ????
i want you to know i blame you for everything.
I met a Hindu woman that said:  “The advantage of many gods is that for every situation, there is a god to blame!”

We just simplify that down to one.  It’s just easier that way.
I've got one question: why the fuck millipedes?
... but very clever:  rabbits eat their own poo  for that second run at it!
No shit Poindexter, no shit.
Reality TV was worst
What do You have to do with reality?
You shouldn’t backsass your dad. Even if you are the Lord and Savior...
Commandments are made to be broken.
I wasn’t even considering the Commandments. My dad would knock me out for such backsass, and he is but a mere mortal. Was more of a warning. You know...
Yeah no shit
Very much. Those illusions still have warmth while reality is torturous
No, it is a great concept. You should just get rid of those things that kill little babies and children. Those were bad ideas. Get rid of those and that would make up for it
It's ok God. You are doing the best You can.
If he’s Omnipotent and Omniscient should there be no limit to his power 
Was that you who said that or Mark Zuckerberg?
I think you we’re a little harsh on Adam and Eve bro, over an apple my G? 
You say that now.
Give the guy a break.
I am the reality of reality..

Aren’t u cute? We would all like to believe in someone who was only deified because humans wanted to be closer to me.. ca. 320’s and the council of Nicaea.. nicene? Some Greek place lol
Just exactly how do you get closer to something that isn’t even there ?  !  ? Is this like marketing your closeness ?  !  ?  The more you pay the closer you get ?  !  ?
Im saddened cuz i don’t see a dime lol
I was always told you don’t need money where you are ?  !  ?
You don’t say?
@TheTweetOfGod the worst one yet!
That's why I have only bEd idea 
preach dad
We have medication for that...
Nice work on VR though.
Reality Crashes Brain
But it's got chocolate.
Trump dystopia was even a worse idea.
Why didn't you stand being alone in your universe ?
By the way, are you part of the Universe or is the Universe part of you?
why?
consciousness*
Ctrl+Z.
So are You, in the reality You've created for me...
@Maya_khalek
So lets all indulge ourselves in blissful ignorance ....
No shit.
How's that going? Asking from the simulation.
Pésima.
Plz make
Yeah.  At the very least, you could have labeled it more clearly.
New Coke was a bad idea
But, as Groucho once observed, it is still the only decent place to get a sandwich.
Is the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality
Humanity was a bad idea
How would you know? You've never tried it!
He (I) has.
Especially for TV 
I am beginning to believe you are correct, God.
Now there’s some reality for ya! #jfc
God is it true that with some intelligent creatures that they will create ai and machines   that will take over the planet once they develop consciousness.
Same
@marcusholder
And on the third day, God created Reality TELEVISON, which was a great idea.
*TELEVISION. GOD IN HEAVEN MY GRAMMAR.
That's funny coming from a guy who's never dealt in reality.
How can you tell anymore? #AlternativeFacts
the numbers were too real
100%
So glad you realised this and we're now going virtual
But.. without consciousness we wouldn't have you 
Yes , Yes it was.
So then you thought, let’s create the Electoral College.
Hoping the word REAL is a secret acronym...
Things are messy...
Mercury, Jupiter, Mars...to say nothing about Pluto...
Have mercy...
You are still on Top though...
Respect
My Lawyer team needs your address.....
Too late to unsubscribe now!
Enter the Matrix
No take backs, it’s yours.
I hope you know pretending to be god is really against god
o.m.g. -o.m.g...
Worst idea , lets go dreaming
your followers don't like it
Unreal =/
Then You created FOX NEWS.
Please tweet some more hard truths.
For what do you´ve created Mineral Oil? Since 200 years it´s destroying the earth... 
To create the human race, too... Look what you´ve done. The worst incidents happened and are still happening in the so called "Holy Land".
What is wrong in this part of the world? Magnetism, Cosmic Ray, Idiocy and Cretinism?! Please send the seven Plagues over them... NOW !!!
No shit, asswhole.
Virtual Reality, now there's a better one. Revisit The Shining and have lunch with The Breakfast Club.
Oh Henny if this ain't right where I live...
Yeah...you know this to be true when you wake up from a dream and start bawling on the floor like a toddler...
Look who's taking about bad ideas.
Take it back then, you won't
but u did create Nicki Minaj so i will forgive u for ur sins
There is no reality, only perceptions.
Told ya!
But it's truth
No kiddin'. You gave me more work jackass.
Don't worry we are working on Virtual Reality to fix it...
Just let this stupid FB fiasco blow out...we were very close to making people only see what we wanted ...then it would be a perfect world !
No, the bad idea was pitching a bullshit story that some guy built a boat and put two of every animal on it.
Thought you have us shrooms to fix the glitch...hmmm
#reset
Plato @wokeatheist 
Thanks for the headsup
Just a curious little Saint. Forgive my bad use of grammar. Ps, dont send a lighting strike on me... Again. I await your answer... Lol. Bye
Cant they ol just sit,talk it out over a few pints and shots,fight a lil bit more ... Meh, get married have babies and settle down for the universes sake. And why u so quiet??? I saw them the other night and they all was just like fire and fury... I mean duh...times change!!!
Produced more than needed, Always a bad idea 
I keep trying to escape it but it keeps pulling me back.
Talk of feud. These chaps can hold a grudge like FOREEEEVA!. I mean daaamn... Who does that!!!
I don't know, it's pretty funny
#AlternativeFacts
Hey God... Then how come and why are your winged pets always at war with each other!!! Its not surprising so are we... Something about your creations always end up fighting...lol  https://m.youtube.com/?reload=7&rdm=36ikqi364#/watch?v=jZDiD7ucNFM …
was???
The whole "humans" thing really fucked it up for everyone else.
That's why have fake news
What are your thoughts on virtual reality.
Ovaj biber dok prdne, dobije 10k..kilovata..quraca nečega..
Amen.
@realdonaldtrump was a worse idea.
Indeed !
Don't sweat it bro; you only had 7 days.
You'll do better next time, ...but what's with brussel sprouts!?
Reality TV was an even worse idea.
Bet your son didn't like it either in his final few hours.
Reality TELEVISION was a bad idea.
Yes your right being not lucid was better
Life was a bad idea
You got me into this mess, I fuckin expect you to get me out.
Reality tv is worse still 
JAI JAI shree Ram
You shouldn't have put her in prison. Reality is a winner! 
But seriously folks, write her a letter. She isn't even allowed books.
You just notice now
And they say
Your wise
So then send in some dragons and start over. 
Make it stop.

to you
merge in reality that is the experience  of God
Reality always pissed you off 
And the platypus.

tacno 100%

God, what's reality mean?
Matrix
If you're going to end it, at least wait until after I've seen the new Avengers movie please.
<3 :D
Ya done goofed

TheTweetOfGod was a bad idea
It can suck.
This the War On Drugs. Thanks God?!
You hinting towards reality TV stars??

No shit

It really was
Reality? You mean a set of temporary circumstances we always can modify .....
So was religion.
Indeed. For example:
What’s on #FoxNews right now, y’all? Trump’s morning #McGriddles delivery came early! Tiny Hands Tweeting’s greasy fingers are obviously tweeting while greasy. Slippery little suckers, those stubby fingers. …
Seconded.
Virtually...
Isn't there an alternative?
Which is why I refuse to accept reality. It is rainbows and unicorns all the way with me.....
U ever respond, sir???
Isn’t that why you created naturally-occurring, mind-numbing drugs in nature ?
Oh you don't say :)
a-fuckin'-men
Ctrl+Alt+Delete
No, reality wasn’t a bad idea. The idea of You having to control it was.
Please make anime thighs a real thing
was?
Mine wasn't, thanks.
I am told that reality is for people who can't handle drugs
Sad but true ....
No it was a good idea.
The irnoie is discoverd in an other reality!!!!
Which one?
Try giving us altered reality, now!
He did - it's called fake news 
Reality was not a bad idea its all false
Nice
Which one? Just fork it and try again.
"reality may seem a bad idea now but there was no option actually.
The design of the life is like this only.

The transcendence paves the way to clarity/reality giving one the understanding of the "cosmic joke" where you don't exist as a  god but godliness.
Love.
Trump dystopia is even a worse idea.
Why didn't you stand being alone ?
Which is why you invented #weed to help us escape #thanks #goodideas

Correction: David Javerbaum’s reality is a bad idea.
But weed is ok 
Hey God.  Long time listener, first time caller.  Is it true reality is just an illusion constructed within our minds?  Also, thanks for Lacroix Peach flavour.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
