
... and TV outlets that make celebrities out of MASS MURDERERS!
Guns don’t kill people, Americans do
And no one else does around the world ? Just Americans.
19 school shootings since the start of this year and it’s only February ?

I think Murica takes that title son

Nah. People kill with whatecernis ar hand
where were these good guys when these 17 were dying
School which was a gun-free zone, and SROs were probably attempting to get some students evacuated before they took immediate action.
still 17 died
So did your argument.

Haven't gun lobbies condemned mass shootings in the US?

Great tweet.
Guns kills people because people created the Guns and the people use theyr Guns and the Guns can go off without being touch Witch was indulgde With a guilty concience too get free from jails and punishment, heartless
My pic
I couple of months ago I wrote a #poem about gun violence, so sad that it's yet again a topic 

#WoordBeeld #PicturePoem #smoking
Nice poem. We have to think seriously about how to solve the problem. Too many guns with toomany mad guys chasing toomany school children. The govt is helpless. Who will save us.
And que SALE at ALL COSTS
Guns don't kill people, illegal immigrants do. -trump
Guns don't kill people, people kill people. Obvs we can all people
We can all people
We all thought you do.
Amen!
cc @mehartweets
Next time you get a case of murder, you must sue manufacturer of gun or knife, not the accused.
@mehartweets it's a rhetorical device to emphasise the cause one sees as greater, not necessarily the one that's more proximate. Bye bye now.
O god this poor soul @mehartweets thinks otherwise.
Ain’t that the truth!
It takes a man to kill another man 
God creates evil as a reflection of who he is and what he does and who he are
You're missing a "t" God!
Drug, physician, and medical insurance lobbies kill more people than guns do.
Guns don't kill people, people behind them kill people... Also people behind the scene who do not want gun control policies kill, more than the gun itself.
Guns definately dont kill people, bullets do !

We're all complaining aginst gun lobbies... But what about gun goblins? You know the guys that shoot the guns of innocent poeple at other people when either of them ain't lookin'.........
Priceless!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
People didn't die because of gun, people died because God did not want to save those people... 
SO TRUE!
Blame the lobbyists, not the lobbies, that's like blaming the toilet for being full of shit. Big fan, could use a hand down here. 
Gun culture kills people.

Amen!!
guns don't kill people, god is the one who decided their fate
No, no, no: people do! (Not to dismiss Gun lobbies’ responsibility though)
And senators, like @MarcoRubio, @SenJohnMcCain, @SenatorBurr, @RoyBlunt, @SenTomCotton, @SenThomTillis, @SenCoryGardner, @SenJoniErnst, @senrobportman and @BillCassidy. They are all complicit in hundreds of murders that could have been prevented by doing ANYTHING! #sad
Can't YOU do something?
Baseball bats, crossbows,  2 x 4's studded with nails, cast iron skillets.All of these can be USED TO KILL. They are tools, just as a gun is. All require a person to use them. Left lying on the table, all any will do is gather is dust.
And sadly I your country it will continue to happen....
Genius
This is the previous scapegoat:
Thank you, @TheTweetOfGod. 
Nothing stands in the way of making a buck. Not kids not the sick NOT the poor.
Right.
No, people kill people using tools. Often called guns 8^)
Guns don't kill people -- you do.
Dear God, Please teach @SpeakerRyan  a lesson.
Good idea... ban guns from law abiding citizens. Meanwhile criminals will continue to get guns as they always do
Bullet does.
Deal with it.
And the politicians who take #BloodMoney from them.
#marchforguncontrol #voteforguncontrol #voteforourchildren

Actually greed for Money does it.
Any Lobby is a bane to society..
Thanks God.
Thank you god. We have been waiting to hear from you!
Indeed and the Senators and the Congressman who support them make out like bandits.
Gracious!  Thank you for this.
Idiots do
No God - don’t you understand. Schools kill people - not guns. Do you know more than the NRA ????

Can you fast-forward the evolution of intelligent humanity.
No guns = no kill with gun... Another country did this like 10 years ago.
No it’s the social breakdown of society that creates people like you David Javerbaum that leads to a nutcase mentality & bullets.
Amen. 

@TheTweetOfGod
Guns don't kill people, gun lobbies do.
Religion killed more
But also guns kill people.
The most dangerous part of gunhandling is the person who handles the gun.
This Country no longer worships You, this Country worships guns.
Hey @squintneon 
Did Gul Mohar become admin for a day?
Mosquito's also kill people

How so?
Maybe we should put warnings on guns like cigarettes.  #Lobbies
people who don't FEAR GOD kill people
Actually, you do.
So, 90% of the nation believes something is very wrong with our gun laws. But the NRA doesn't. If we WERE to ALL do what the NRA wants, which is, everyone buy a gun - who do you think the 90% will be turning against? God, tell 'em!
It’s the bullets that actually kill people, unless you beat them to death with the gun
We agree on this,  why can't the religious right?
He is great man
Hear hear

Send us Your Son.
With all these prayers, I would have expected you to personally take gun policy to the floor of #Congress.  #NoMore #GunViolencePrevention
What is up with the saying
GOD
GUNs
trump
Don't you have a bolt of lightning for those ass holes?
Nuclear missiles don't kill people, 2 bit dictators with small hands do.
& the permanent war economy.
*yawn*  Nice try.
Dear God, you are wise beyond your infinite years.
Armed teachers... what’s the world coming to?
Guns don’t kill people, people with easy access to guns have more opportunities to kill more people.

Guns don’t save lives, people with easy access to guns are more likely to accidentally kill somebody or even themselves!
@Mitch_tha_Man cars don’t kill people. People driving the cars do....
But they sure make it a heck of a lot easier
Ya for suicides maybe. But not for murders
Did you even see what happened in Charlottesville?
Do you even see that cars kill more people a year than ar 15s
How many people own cars compared to at 15’s?
Can’t use stats like that. Cuz then you can’t claim police brutality against minors mitch.
@Parvandegar @khodaaaaaa 
یاد بگیرید


Also trump + GOP, the gun lobby puppets who are so scared of guns they shelter behind armed security and bullet proof cars while our children are slaughtered.
True
Only in America: parents love their guns more than their children...
Gun lobbies don’t kill people. Gun lobbyists do.
Hey, @mehartweets even god copies your format... Opposite way!
Yes God your country America is doing lobbie of weapons in all over world
False
NRA = ATO
Americans will ban schools before they ban guns to stop school shootings!
God be more specific, guns don't kill people, politician paid by NRA do.
People kill people because government allows it.
Dear God, it's called the NRA.
Actually "God" has killed more people than the guns and gun lobbies combined times a million.
It’s the guns
People kill people
And cowardly lawmakers.
And paid-off politicians.
Nonsense.
Guns don't kill people, bullets do.
nah, you do.   Your worst weapon isn’t even a gun.   Please explain atypical Teratoid rhabdoid tumor.   You kill babies in less than a year.
Do... 
The tourist is a good movie, I like George clooney and his exercise stunts in his living room 
Guns don’t kill people. I kill people. With guns.
So FREAKIN true
people kill people.
Gurmehar's God 
Politics bro
Jeez God.... chill..... at least I have my freedom and my AR-15, Kalashnikov and an oozzie .... just in case I have to protect myself
When was the last NRA member that committed a mass shooting?

Guns don't kill people. Politicians who accept money from the NRA kill people.

What are you doing. Stop it.
@mehartweets : ye ho chuka hai
Exactly. The most effective first step would be prohibiting political contributions from gun lobby.

You created gun lobbies. Why?
Oh come on supreme deity, Rome wasn't built in a day.  Or was it. At least they've stopped putting cheese burgers in happy meals
Until THIS actually happens in every town & city across America, your children will continue to die... Wake up... 
#FloridaShooting
Evil kills people. God creates, gives beautiful lives, turns despair into miracles, and have his innocent son to die for us so we’d follow him to heaven for peace for eternity. But,I guess we’d rather say it’s a lie & fix this ourself! 
Fairy tales.

HALLELUJAH
You know what? I just might be starting to believe again
I have thought that peolpe kill’s people...
Or possibly a high demand for security systems & less protection for the average person’s home.  #conspiracy #itsreallyyouroldnemisisLucifer
Why lob a gun though ?  Surely they're more effective when you just pull the trigger 
Believing in deities kills people
Guns don't kill people, politicians do.
I love just because there's a root problem--one larger than guns like mental health--that it can't create MORE problems like gun violence. 

Like how religion is the root problem for a TON, but it's the zealots that make it even more of an issue. 

Many mistakes to make up for.
Guns don't kill people, you do.
God didn't create u sperm and ovum does...
#NRA: #NoLivesMatter
you aren't God, you're a sinful man.
As irish comedian Davis McSavage once said:'It's the bullet holes in the people'
And bears.
The gun helps and no one needs that much gun.
Never taking advice from someone who only follows justin bieber
Lol you literally understand nothing about gun lobbies XD
People kill http://people.It  shouldn’t be so easy for them #BanAllGuns
T
H
E

@NRA

I
S

A

T
E
R
R
O
R
I
S
T

O
R
G
A
N
I
Z
A
T
I
O
N
yeah I remember the infamous NRA train bombing that killing 27 people.
that’s just basic probability, a lot of people own guns, not a lot of people are terrorists.
if those “numbers” are even true at all.
I thought it was only you who killed people!
Your bloody fault, admit it.
I've never understood journalists propensity for blaming inanimate objects for the human race's stupidity.
Why did you create that which would become Grover Norquist?
Human kills people just dont give them guns, it makes the easier to kill people
https://www.facebook.com/thenextimewalk/ 
Guns and roses
Well said
Amen.
Nuclear weapons don't kill people. People in government offices kill people.
kalo gan industry arms industry oy haa dhuvahku emerikaa veheteyny anga vatha. varah vedhun. dhuniye ah ves balaa eh kaleymen ge hathiyaaru vihkaa kunfunitha
Hail NRA
Really
Yeah guns really do kill people. Which makes the gun lobby killers.
you're giving far too much credit to the NRA & Gun manufacturers, and far too little to the regular run ol the mil racists who are the fucking nutters stockpiling firearms for the "inevitable race war"
Will you just start the rapture already? Nuclear war needs to happen.
The rapture might take away a TON of gun nuts #brightside
#AllLivesMatter, except those killed with guns...
Guns don't kill people, gun lobbies do.

Nah bullets do
Bullets are shot by bullets
There are no lobbies that influence who buys guns to shoot bullets - it just happens
Politicians too - they don't know anything about that stuff

It just happens
In the end no one is to blame

Things happen, people die
Now get on with it and get over it already

We got problems that are far worse than endless school shootings in US
I sincerely hope you did not reproduce

Thanks, God.
The only thing that can stop a bad guy with @NRA bribes is a good guy without @NRA bribes.
david log off
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
