Donald Trump is an asshole's asshole. He's the kind of asshole other assholes look at and say, "Now THERE'S an asshole."
Atleast Trump tweets better jokes than you, have a look at  my favorite one
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader, a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
You're right. That tweet is a terrific joke.

LOL! I usually hate looking at his face but this was fun-nee.
Pig & human DNA are very similar, one day porcine body parts will be cultivated for human transplant. #Drumpf 
This is so offensive to pigs. They deserve better.

I called his assholery in the 90s but my Twitter wasn’t working right then.
I called it in tge 80s!
TBH I was dancing in the 80s.

From God’s lips to your ears... or from God’s Twitter account to your eyes to your brain to your inner voice which ends up being amplified as a thunderous guffaw in your mind that leads to a subtle movement of your facial muscle that resembles a bemused sardonic smile. 
This one will truly stand the test of time.
Dear God: if you can somehow make it so that Trump isn’t president anymore, but neither is Pence and neither is Paul Ryan, but nuclear war or some other civilization ending catastrophe is not responsible for that, I will be forever grateful
Is there a generally accepted period of time which must pass before retweeting yourself? I'm new here.
Nope
That's also called a "God's asshole".
Amen
My fav pic of him.
"Your farts are simply the best, Mr President!"
Or....
Bloody hell, first time seeing that was bad enough! 
#ShitholePresident 

Shit!
 Great term!
I wish I had thought of it first.
Wish I knew who did too!
Regardless, it made me laugh.  Thank you for that! Been having a rough day.

Really feels like something @TheGeorgeCarlin would say. And now it makes sense. George Carlin is GOD. #canigetanAMEN
This tweet is what I said to myself when I watched a @StormyDaniels porn.

946 days to election night 2020
You shouldn’t be allowed to drive a Jeep and also be a Liberal.
Ouch....that hurts.

But I'll get over it


Ha
Q: What’s the difference between tRUmp and the AntiChrist?

A: The AntiChrist has never been President.
Amen
You ARE all knowing!
GOD BLESS GOD
My question... why didn’t you stop all this before it happened in the first place. Also think it’s pretty cool God has a twitter account. 
@TheTweetOfGod , I didn't realize you had such a keen sense of humor.
So you do cast the first stone
Donald Trump is the greatest US President in living memory.
If you're a goldfish,

It really holds up.
Two people claiming to be Jesus at Hyde Park Corner, London, today. One of them must be wrong, please direct me to the genuine Messiah.
can’t stop. 
Priceless !
In God we Trust!
@TheTweetOfGod god you need a verified handle!! Ask Twitter to give you one. You gave him to us, now he should give you something back!  #WednesdayWisdom
You were in the same kind of mood when you made him as you were when you made Satan, weren't you?
You’re not going to get this from me very often, but , @TheTweetOfGod , praise be unto you for your dads work!
Denis Leary's Asshole song should be his presidential anthem.
OH MA GAWD!
Timeless and, indeed, forever. #RESIST 
See you knew! That proves it!
As always God, you are right!  please pray Mueller is done soon. 
It’s held for as long as we’ve known his name
@AlloccaMirella
Lmao!
I’m dying over here God

It's like when you try to describe what it's like that Trumps president. "Just imagine if____ was president," except I can't think of anyone as bad or worse.
So true my hand to god 
I feel like an asshole for liking this, but what the hell. 
@priyapaul11
@PTGiFunny
ROFLMAO! #Truth
@realDonaldTrump
Isn’t there a circuit breaker you can throw?
And some or waste of time
Bawahaha!!!!!
omg awesome! Nailed it! 
Take responsibility for your mess, God.
@TonyWoods1970   
 Trump is an Asshole
Amen, alleluyah!
Very sienfield of you sir
Could have been a good response. Switch on your spellcheck
Think I may have just been reborn
If anyone knows god does.
I love God
Me too
I pray to TIME she kills all and none stand in her way. 
KALI became CALENder

Oh God.
Indeed.
Poetic and true.
THANK GOD FOR THAT! 
idiotic
Just confim, did you or did you not place him as .@POTUS as they seem to claim over the pond?
He has done more for this country then that Jew using Jew hater Obumba>>>

I consider you to be a HEMORRHOID.
LOL
More shallow, juvenile lefty spout...never any real thought processes, just bile.  Hope you manage to #wakeup in time...but I doubt there's much chance of that.
Love you 
Hilarious! Seriously, thanks for the laugh! 
Trump's Tweets can be so contrary, here he claims the electoral college is a disaster for democracy. At last, something we can both agree on
He is a hemmoroid and even assholes hate him
Hi God, I know I’ve never reached out before, but I pray Douchebag Donnie will be impeached. If you are real, show me 
There are some assholes where toilet paper feels so at home that it becomes carpeting.
Which proves once and for all GOD has a agenda, and it’s not benevolent.
GOD would not say that...
I beg to differ.  It’s right here.  Tweet of God himself.



I do believe this is blasphemous
So why did you make him? Is it  simply to set a new standard?
Classic. One for the ages!  And textbooks!  
Well said....God...
Yep, that tweet is definitely aging well, as one would expect from our supreme’ish being
What does History hold for you when even God hates you??
(I love you God!)
Has anyone told you how Yoda wise you are G?
my god you're right...
It could be said he's the scum that scum scrapes off the bottom of its shoes
Now that's the funniest thing I've heard all day..ty
All knowing always knows
You “let it happen”, so...
How did you know that?

#WinnerWinnerChickenDinner


The lord has spoken.
It’s funny but oh so TRUE!
It’s a tweet that should be chiseled in stone. It truly is an eternal tweet.
This Tweet has aged impeccably!
You made him so it's all your fault.
I feel you, God
BEST tweet EVER!
God bless your Tweet. Amen.
I hate this time of year— you always milk the sympathy vote

That's how they called ur son a long time ago remember?


Running out of material hence resorting to shameless self praise? Your son just got back from being dead, get some family time away from Twitter!
What?
What is wrong. ..
توییتش مال 2012 بوده پشمام!!!!
Amen God as always you are right
God hates him and he is still winning 
Six years and going strong!
And you should know, you practically invented the asshole.
Alas, he grew larger, dirtier, louder, and smellier since your 2012 tweet. Now, even those who look away and plug their noses still hear the deafening flatulence (“speech”) he spews. His assault on the English language is only exceeded by his assault on women and workers.
Thanks God.  Big fan.
Almost like "the known unknowns and the unknown unknowns!" You must be waiting for him to send him down under


Really is it true ?
Nope a hemorrhoid assholes are useful 
Now that's what I call evergreen.
Not only Donald...it seems to be a family trait.
That tweet is downright Godlike
R u  talking about Hillary 
Are You saying that when You made man in your image, he was an exception to the rule?
You think?
Are you sure you're not George Carlin talkin' to us from above?
Amen!
Really stupid, it’s a shame
Classic!

Likes are 4 times as much for this tweet as the original, but am fully expecting 40x before it's done. Because he is an asshole's asshole and this is the tweet of God!
Thank you. We all needed this about now.
Who knew God could be so prescient?
2012!!! Actually It could have been a tweet from the 80's. Some things never change

True
Father, you truly are wise

As someone dating a career asshole, I can vouch for this
that's the best direct order i've ever received!!
He is also the epitome of a shithole in one.
You love Frank Zappa too ?
I think he’s quite “pippy”- smashingly handy
It's like you read my mind, God.
Amen!  Teeheehee
I had to post this, considering you're talking about assholes....
Wise and bigly words.
So whatcha gonna do God?  Neen praying for our country.

my kids psychiatrist said we in an alternate reality.  And this is a guy who rx's people who say shit like that.
Wow..knew I was not alone in that thought..even in 2012
What About @narendramodi  ?
Yep, that one never gets old.
Lol
Got a graphic for you.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
