ROFL!
Thank you God. That was spot on.
Another nutter!
Why are crazy people like this allowed to sit on any kind of governmental board? What ever happened to separation of church and state?
I know Mitshubishis EVO'S too...
Haha ! That makes so much sense 
Does that work with chemo for cancer treatment?
Only if you send $50 immediately

And if you pay her enough that gawd is happy you'll be good.
Evangelicals and the Alt Right both appear to domestic terrorist organizations.
Do people really belin this shit
quick, someone with flu, go to her house and spread the word

That movie scared the crap outta me when I was a kid.
Die praying
Excellent God - well said but hey you da man!
Well when they start dropping like flies they can blame the dumbass that suggested they not get the shots. Because news flash the flu doesn’t care if you are black or white, rich or poor, or what god you choose to believe it.
God, you're the best, dude.

Yeah....go ahead and dont get flu shots, its a good way to meet Jesus sooner 
I hate how it sounds, but my god, we need to let the dumb ones die off, like... Some of the people we end up saving are not even thankful. They always say "thank God" noooooooo THANK THE GOD DAMN DOCTOR!
And everyone with the Dr
BINGO! 
My god that's the best l have ever heard


Great gifs!
Fantastic SNL character.
Amen!

Hope she dies from the flu. Then she can complain to god in person.
LOL!!!   

@aaronwarren9
God, make somebody sneeze on this bit@h.
I dont believe in evolution cause your grandma might be a monkey but mine was very human thank you
So God created both the flu AND flu innoculations.. but you don't need the innoculations.. seems sensible
God, she is idiot..
Is it evil to wish the flu upon her?  
Lololol thst is absolutely ridiculous! Can I pray away my herniated disc too so I don’t need surgery?? 
Maybe we should all actively promote anti-vaccination for the religious 
They can just exclude themselves from anything that benefits from evolutionary biology, they've already excluded themselves from evolved thinking.
Yeah, it's disgusting.
Most of them are still dragging their knuckles on the ground.
It’s funny, I guess, but a wee distasteful of the photographer of that pic to take it while the crazy lady was in rigor mortis.
Are u kidding u must really believe in,Jehovah witness read   the bible and God says use wisdom
How are Jehovah's Witnesses related to this topic?
Btw how's your son?

Watch “Mr. Peanut Loves Trump!” on #Vimeo https://vimeo.com/254972189 
If those who advise this follow their own advice assiduously, and the rest of us do not, the problem will solve itself eventually. By evolution.
Cemeteries everywhere are full of people who completely put their faith in god. Good luck with that!

How well did that Christ help during the Spanish Influenza or Black Plague. Back in the days of state sponsored church...that's when the world saw its worse epidemics.
I foresee a huge increase in atheists in this country in the coming years. We're waiting guys, ditch the nuts and join logic.
A total but, these so called evangelicals are sick ruthless quacks.
Knowing how much these rich "faith" leaders value their own skins, I would be very surprised if this witch hadn't already gotten her flu shot.
Yep 
The god of their choice lives in a cave.....
With the flu.
Stay Frosty, América. 
GrimReaper6A ♤
I think that's a wonderful position for the adults. Hopefully the children will be vaccinated.
^  humor is proof of Your existence...
Ha!!
If TRUMP comes down with something really nasty it will be because these Anti-Vaxers are roaming freely in the White House..no telling what they are carrying with them.
@CopelandNetwork #BVOV = #Wingnuts
She's unavailable for comment she has the flu.
Jesus didn't die from the Crucifixion, he died because he didn't have a tetanus shot!
With all due respect, this is out of context.  Especially when the “experts”  have told us the current flu vaccine is a dice roll.
That theory would render a no need  for hospitals then. God gave us a brain, it's up to us to use it. This sort of reasoning is ludicrous.
So happy to see you weigh in on this one, Your Almightiness!
Can I hear an AMEN??


Good Morning
Sorry God if I don't really believe in you, but I hope I'm wrong. Just so all these "chest thumping, I'm better than you Christians" can face you in their hypocrisy. you still hate hypocrisy right? Groovy!  See ya....?
Beg to differ, God.  This crazy woman is doing all in her power to make sure that natural selection works its magic in the Evangelical community.
They should just stop getting any form of treatment. God will fix
Når du svarer Gud på twitter… litt mye portvin til kvelds? :P
Ha! 
Yes it has, but in Republicans and evangelicals it's called Devoloution.
So Jesus cures the flu but ignores the rest of the evil in the world?... ok makes sense
If you'd asked me yesterday I would have sworn there was NO scenario in which I would consider tongue-kissing this hag.
I was always told God helps those who help themselves. Vaccinations would fall under helping myself not get sick.
I strongly encourage all Christians to get the flu as often as they can.
Another RWNJ encouraging simple people to endanger themselves. It's a theme with this regime.
Does Jesus offer protection for other medical conditions- or did he single out the flu to protect his followers from?
Strong dope
Thank (God) I was taught by progressive Catholic nuns in 50s & 60s Evolution was a given for the nuns & us in 1960s Now US is going back to pre Gallileo Ridiculous I don't subscribe to religion now - it's power & control of masses - but I do respect those nuns who valued science
Same here.  Our nuns  told us that God had given us a brain for a reason.
If we didn't use it, we were doing the wrong thing. Full disclosure: they did use corny expressions like, "Use your head for more than a hat rack." It was the fifties in PA.

Yah then when they do get sick there's some excuse about how they didn't pray hard enough or it was god's will or something.
These people are not evangelicals, the are demons. Period.
Shame
You sure that's not his Secretary of Health & Human Services? @HHSGov
Please let these people refuse all medical treatment. Including donnie.
Is she saying the 53 children who have died so far this year died because they were sinners and didn't believe in Jesus?
Plus, God, they underestimate Your intelligence...
Exactly, but you already knew I would say that.
LOL- this is natural selection at work....
So I guess everyone who died of the flu didn’t have Jesus. Is that really what this moron believes?
LOL!!!!
Does that work for STD's as well? Asking for a friend.
That tweet gets you a follow my good deity... can we talk about this weeks Powerball numbers...?
I wonder how many people die each year; listening to these, so-called, spiritual leaders who arrogantly insist on, passing themselves off as faux physicians as well?
Is this real life?
Lol!   
I hope we get a news report saying this crazy biotch took a flu shot. I would love to see her get run over by her ex followers who might have suffered from the death of a family member due to not getting vaccinated.
Can you Please Smite them? If you're not too busy being fictional, ironic, and generally lacking in any form that is tangible, that is.
So Jews and Muslims should definitely get the shot.

Oh, well, I'll tell my health insurance people to get copay from Jesus. I feel so dumb now for vaccinating my kid.
Go Darwin!
@billycarballo hahahaha!! Classic!
Let’s just go with that theory and come what may!

Please give the stupid bitch a deadly case of influenza
2018....we need to be taxing these businesses finally.  Each and every church!  Not just these idiots, but all of em.
Hey God.... The Pharisees and hypocrites are alive and well today!
Sending you a virtual hug for that one God 
No words.
How much do they make being on the advisory counsel to the President?
Or she could say You don’t need any form of shot because U R a disease yourself.
Sorry,but OMG!!!!!  Unbelievable.

By this thinking, any devoutly Christian person should never get the flu, diabetes, cancer.... unless *gasp* nevermind....
Maybe someday they will evolve maybe probably most likely maybe not
Geez, the level of ignorance in this people is beyond comprehension.

The word of God

Evolution is fact & has nothing to do with the existence of a creator which instigated evolution via hydrothermal vents in the first place. Only morons & atheists make evolution an issue.
BURN!!!!!!!! Spot on God. 
I'll inform my Evangelical neighbor his prostate cancer was due to insufficient prayer.
Tip toe past the deep dark caves of the religiously indoctrinated. The crowds startle easily and may stampede with torches and pitchforks.
Be specific now- tiki torches and cocktail forks. Because goodness knows the crazies nowadays thankfully are too dumb and lazy to make their own torches and have enough money to buy pitchforks.
Indeed!
Damn skippy 
So true god- still a number of Neanderthals about
Hey God you stole that from me!
Can we just let Darwin take ove at this point?
He is dead, you know? There's only so much one can so when that happens 
Good reply!
Neat!
“You need to find Jesus!” I’m sorry, I don’t know he was lost 
Republican's came to a fork, in Evolutionary history, 
And took it. 
Sucka's been devolving ever since. 
A shame, the brain receads the fastest. 
By the looks at Walmart, the butt, last...
awesome line!

"faith in ignorance"
No, Trump followers, just die.
could say the same for climate change...
This has the potential to thin the herd a bit.
She's a lunatic. Let her tell that to the parents of the children that have died from the flu this year. Unbelievable
101 children in 2016-2017 season. I see much more this year. Amd this craze to not get the shot is hurting more than just the people who don't get it.
I'm fine with dopes like this not getting their flu shots. Everyone else, please get vaccinated.
Brilliant.
What an idiot! Advising people to have faith in a deity instead of faith in an inoculation against flu. Can someone please, please, lock her up and throw away the key!
Evangelicals are to Christianity what KFC is to high quality bourbon...
Oh just Rapture already & get rid of them! Pleeeease! And all the other religious extremists too for that matter. Tired of hearing all of them, in schools, stores, workplace prayer rooms everywhere, like they can’t just go for a stroll without praying every hour.
Just stick to being all powerful man. Stay out of politics.
You definitely are all mighty.
O O F
God, if i wasn't an atheist, I'd have your babies.
Will it ever?
this might be the quote of the millennia.
So glad I can have that shot as I don't do that god...
Awesome
Hahahahahaha
These people can't claim moral superiority and then support/work for Trump.
Let them die off sooner so they can meet jesus
I have the sniffles this morning - Hath thou forsaken me?
A good old fashioned wasp sting is the best flu shot and it really works too.
Wtf is an “evangelical advisor” anyway? Does he also have a medium or tarot reader as advisors?
Fair's fair. Evolution doesn't believe in them either.
Amen
I guess those 37 children who have died of the flu so far this year just didn't pray hard enough. /s
Natural selection at work, y'all.
No they don’t need flu shots. Sterilization? Maybe...
She doesn’t need food or water either, since she has Jesus. Not even a brain, which is a good thing for her in particular.
Amen!
There is no word of god. Humans said all of it.
The ironic thing is when all the evangelicals die of flu, it will be evolution in action.
I'm old enough to remember when the Copeland's preached on individual responsibility like "not closing your eyes while driving (literally) and having faith God will take the wheel because that was tempting God". 
A plague on her house.
Why are people so stupid... ugh. Sometimes I wanted humanity eradicated
Wow
Then we can witness Darwin's theory in action

Extreme stupidity
Perfect.
Well that’s survival of the fittest for you...
That, my friend, was AWESOME! lmao
Amen! And Amen.
Apparently, this stupidity is brought to you by Castro GTX. What better way to fight viscosity breakdown.
Thanks God, needed that!
Lmao this is a nice one

See, I just figured the flu was God's way of getting us back for allowing blowhards like her to give airtime and credence to losers like Trump.
Copeland is stranded on a roof top in a flood.
Darwin comes by in a boat and offers to rescue her.
Copeland says "No, God will rescue me."
You laugh and give Darwin fame points.
i dont have/need jesus, and i refuse flu shots #stillnotsick
*snicker
Thin the herd.
Perhaps another asteroid.
Anti-vaxxers. Sigh. I kinda hope she gets the flu. And rubella. And polio. And measles. And mumps. And diphtheria. And smallpox. And typhoid. See what Jesus Christ does for her then.
May her next Church Service be infested with the plague. What a witch!! #crazy #Flu2018
Can we get an anti-evangelical shot please? I need something to counteract the stupid in the world. 
Hope she knows that Jesus died of Tetanus (allegedly before people go “off” on one!)
An alarming and ridiculous suggestion by someone who should know better. God helps those who help themselves. Hope many won't die of the flu because they followed this advice.

"You should see the faces, by the way, of those who think they are the result of 'Intelligent Design'."
Can you give some of their mis-leaders the real flu, guess they need to learn from experience...

Jesuscare. Our new universal health care plan for the poor and retired. 

No individual mandate, no deductible.

Just send $ to televangelists.

Sorry Atheists Buddhists, Jews, and especially Islamics. You don't get it. You're going to hell after the end times, anyway.
But isn't this a good thing? The crazies will kill themselves off this way - no inoculation for them. Let them build separate villages and towns where they are confined to in their schools, workplaces, prayer houses, etc so they don't spread it to the rest of us!
Yes natural selection 
I’d like to start a prayer chain.  Brothers and sisters join me in the name of all that is decent:  Donald Trump is not our president. Donald Trump is not our president. Donald Trump is not our president.
True, natural selection. Don't inform them about the flu shot. She gets a Darwin award.
Talk about thinning the herd
Perfect!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
