That's why i went to Samsung
We still don't buy the bad battery excuse.

Well if only Adam and Eve were as loyal as Apple fans now.
Or so thet say...
Lmfao
Con tal no haya sido un evento plátano, todo estara bien.
@HassanAzhar007 too good yar
Hahhahahahhahaha. Good one
That damn Adam and Steve
The 2lander is strong in this one.
The apples weren't organic that's why! You got to learn how to deal with humans God! @TheTweetOfGod
Even worse was Moses downloading shitty data with a tablet from a cloud.....
Too AMAZING!! Thank you for admitting it.
I blame you.
@LuciaPomales
Good
God! Really amazed by your witty humor and presence of mind. 
Thank you God, for your presence on Twitter...
we still cary the burden
#womensrights
Tell us how it ends!  The suspense is killing us.
Everyone dies
The snake is slow clapping in the corner.
oof
It took a couple of seconds to appreciate this.  Very funny 
Now that's funny.........


They ate of "the fruit" you nutter.
It was probably a pomegranate.
Eve had tough teeth.
#AppleEvents sucks!
Yeah God you really suck when it comes to talking snakes 

So you say
That’s the naked truth.
lol
As an all powerful god you seem to fuck a lot of things up tbh
Apple is gay.
you're welcome
Me too, oh mighty creator...
Just as well it was only blogged and not livestreamed.

To be fair, your marketing department doesn't hold a candle to Apple's.
@chawla7687 sir
I told you, you should have use my hammer. #hammertime #thorhammer #ThorRagnarok
I think.. the 1st ever #AppleEvent was an #EyeOpener...
God, it was not your best planned event that’s for sure
4 BIG laughs, read the replies. @shay44able @goldengateblond @jillwow @LincolnsBible @BanditRandom @cj_disabledVet @Flowerstoall @Helenhs @irishrygirl @LeslieTollefson @Shakestweetz @nastystacface @QuakerNana @RedTRaccoon @McSercy @jerrysaltz @soychicka @girlsreallyrule
You’re a funny god
You should have a Lemon Party. More up your alley.
You talking Eve, Newton, or Tell?
Dude not a big fan but you gotta do something about this shit...
Lesbian and Bisexual Resources Wiped from HHS Website (via @countable)
Bahahahaha
It shook you to your core?
Your Genius gave your girl some shitty advice
Lol!!! 
@edwardbanuelos 
You also had an affair with a young Jewish girl.....
You just thought about this now? 

And the uproar when you changed the input.

Boo
Whew...that one made me laugh out loud . Thanks God!
Lol

I don’t think I Adam and Eve you guv’nor..
Lol
They’d eat an Apple  of sin and kicked from haven, so now we have half eaten apple with Gay CEO  and guess what no sin.
God, I need to confess......I fucking hate @realDonaldTrump.
Enough of your corny levity- do something.             I managed to seduce the Australian cricketers- try and save them ; you silly old goat
Depends on where you're standing. I happen to think the whole sex thing worked out okay.
Ask Steve what should we do. Only you can.
They should have eaten from the tree of life so they wouldn’t die! I’d be off my eternal vacation. 
Gold! 
You plant everything .....Let Apple of thine eye be Mueller.
Jajajaja
 Thanks! I needed that
Hahahaha LMFAO!
Would you like to try again in the garden if Aiden? (that’s me fella!)
Of* (ffs)
That was a little over 6,000 years ago. Maybe you just need an update.

Jajajajajajajajaja. 
Did you get sauced? Bet that was appealing.
It has been over 13 billion years and you still can't get over it. Sad!
that was your own fault
I blame Satan he was rotten to the core.
Yup...and we're still paying for it...
Hahaha! Brilliant!
Lol! Eve was framed!
You should have never made it. That was a dick move!
@Stijnev schitterend

@BarryPret79 
Holy shit!
At least you got some Fiber in your diet. #ihatesnakes
That's not what she said. Eve
Was there a worm inside?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
It wasn’t your fault.

No! I don't believe in you!
@KurzGedanke  ^^
Ich schau gerade die Aufnahme…. 
If only you made mankind enjoy snake more than a vite of apple ..
Lol
Microsoft brand reptiles?
Oh, I know. Hahahahaha!!!!!
OH MY YOU!!!! That's way too funny!!!
Quintessential mic drop. And I thought it was thunder.
I see what you did there...
What are the odds 

Lilith knew better and bailed on the whole "man's garden" thing. Eve was cobbled together later out of Adam' rib - so she would be subservient.
I think that apple shouldn't have been bitten but that guy did so & now we're in hell
Have you tried not using your #AppleEvent to introduce original sin? Try introducing a new Iphone or something, you'll get better feedback.
Haha!!!
The Original SIM
Dear god, you made Eve!              Love Adam


Yeah, the woman got blamed for it and you kept your job.
That's why you need to have alcohol at your events. It's more fun. 
Is there a God if there's no one to worship him? No. Think yourself lucky 

ich habs echt nicht kapiert. aber dann.  und  und so...#schonwitzig.
Yes, Eve ate from the tree of knowledge. And then convinced Adam to eat the apple as well. I guess you just wanted to keep them ignorant and when they ate from the tree and gained knowledge, you claimed they had committed the greatest sin of all. I call that being a JACKASS!!!
Won't happen again.. Once bitten, both shy!
Isaac Newton had one once and it was fantastic!
So did @SnowWhite
Wakka wakka
#Appleevent?
You and #granny smith have a drunken crazy night?
good god and apple a day.....
Right
You probably ate the worm
But you KNEW AHEAD OF TIME that it was gonna end badly, Ol' Man! And you went ahead and held the #AppleEvent anyhow! What did you expect?!
So, stop planting the wrong trees in the garden!
iAdam was a big fail. Luckily you restarted the product line after the flood.
It did have a bigger queue than the last one did though
Im still waiting for tech support! Its all battery this, battery that, and takes forever to log on.
That’s because someone believed in talking snakes. But then again that was in preparation for the greatest talking snake of all time, Trump.
You did us a bamboozle.
Were you able to identify the core reason?
Because Steve became the apple of your Eye

Does @justinbieber ever share tweets with you God @TheTweetOfGod ?
Lmao
@liga_efigam
i guess you need to run the desnaker first or debugger or whatever you had back then...
Been stuck in Tech Support ever since I got that first couple to try an Apple.  "Have you tried turning it off, and turning it back on again?" Every single day.  It's so bad that people have started calling my job 'hell"
Women! 
I disagree!
U just can't trust women
I see what you did there… 
Good one.

It is known that you like #apple related stuff isn't it... 
Well thats because you removed jack from where it was supposed to be
As  Adam snatched it !
After that, everyone wanted to hide the advanced user interface.
shouldn't have put it there in the first place, should you?
Humans have ruined everything
Haaaa :)

oh God!
and who’s fault was that?
Apple and poor doesn't match in the same sentence
Nice one
PCP is a helluva drug!

It didn’t ap-peel to your core support?
Or did it happen...
Your ways are truly mysterious!
I don't beliEVE it
But why did you even have that tree
 ... And the “other”   #AppleEvent   
Apples are of the devil.
It ended very poorly because of your poor actituded, think about it.

@chrismunns
As if you didn't know it would turn out that way.
When you were with Jesus Mother
HA!
If you did create Chong and Sui instead of Adam and Eve. We would be in paradise now 

@PLiBoissonnault
Where does he keep coming up with these gems?
He is God. Duh!
OMG! You are savage!
TBF you’ve chilled out since that Old Testament stuff went down.

Allegedly...
عات فلوس
God ! Atleast you shouldn't be differentiating among apple, orange or banana!
Uhhh
Surprising how th party went badly with just 4 guests.
Send a large asteroid to Earth and try again.  Maybe next time intelligent life will develop.
God if you are omnipresent how come you actually "left" Eden alone to Adam and Eve?

God if you know everything, why did you need to ask Adam and Eve about what happened to the Forbidden Fruit? Aren't you supposed to know what would happen to it all along?

did someone shoot it off your head.........
But if you hadn't STARTED the whole apple thing, they wouldn't have been tempted and would still be in Eden.  YOU just wanted them to have sex, you pervert, so you could watch.
Shoulda had a stylus and a black turtleneck

Yes indeed, but you knew that!
He called it the "iFuckedUp".
Tbfh I would too
What? You mean the creation of life on earth? Yeah... Kinda...
We still hear about that fiasco
....
God... you're funny...
And the world now is the result of it.
Next time pay better attention to your guest list and security
An apple a day keeps God away.
Haha hehe huhd8hik8chau dhikichaw Tori ko tel
Dangal dangal
A scarf will hide that
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
