
Same
Now your mind starts to function? You're bigoted, dear God.

With two fucks,
A disgruntled creature.
You had some pretty crappy ghost writers on the best seller of yours.
Have a god day all.
prints on the sand.. question!

u were carrying us )ha ha ha carry) 
does the lifting work goes to you?
wouldnt you walk doble for us? i mean life doesnt recognize us
God, how come you are not verified, you seem legit.
I didn't know I had to be verified, nor do I know how to do it. After alI, got my God Damn military ID, what else do I need?
That includes the churches themselves, I’ve noticed.
So did this guy:
WOAHHHHHHHHHHH..................



Amen brother! Bless YOU!

God dammit! No really damn all the churches but only after you extract back taxes
Is it too late to just *recreate * them as separate? Like while they’re asleep or something because after all,  it’s  Your Will, not theirs.
Unfortunately, we support the separation of church and You, too.
Except from taxes. Time to pay up all u religious hypocrites living off poor.
A stinking men 
अवश्य जानिये
I support the separation of fundamentalists and their frontal lobes.
When you're not ordering the genocide of Canaanites and such you can be pretty groovy!
Okay.
Thank God!
Kkkkkkk I knew I’m right
You got it, Big G.
Hey, thanks for saving us from bat crazy Bachman
I'm with God on this one.  Actually on everyone. #Peace
Can you separate with lightning bolts
God, we are still waiting for u straighten out this trump situation.
Everyone, RT this and God will bless you.
Done. Expect blessing today, please.
I support the separation of pineapple and pizza
noooooo I LOVE HAWALLIAN!
It’s not god I have a problem with, it’s some of his worshippers
Agreed, his fan club is the real problem.
"Fan club," very nice! Also very true!

10/10, will retweet.
So do most females about to fall pregnant 
I support the separation of you from mankind #wannabeGod
I wish you'd separate the stupid heads of your 'believers' .. from their corporeal parts ...could you?

Yippee separate  the church from God 
"If triangles had a god, they would give him three sides." -Charles de Montesquieu
Church and reality first and foremost
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich
YAHWEH, Do You still support the Church of Smiting???
SMITE      SMITE      SMITE

Me too, God. Me too.
Ya I believe in God but not religion and that just makes some people's heads explode.  Go figure.  Especially when so many claiming to love Religion and God are vile evil people.  Like say hmmm....well fill in the name of your favorite Evangelist idiot #FakeChristians  Robertson
I support the recreation of a new bible
You're pretty liberal,  God
You are my "God".
God says do your religion in a closet. Lol
I support the separation of GOD and everything else.
Oh I dunno I think we should unify the church and taxes.
The church the separation of the brain from reason.
Separation of Church and kids is most important.
I support the separation of church and anyone else.
Love you God, say hi to Lucifer.
Clearly you fall off rocker, big fella.
No bickering or I will set Mithras on the pair of you.
There are absolutely no absolutes, but that is absolutely halirious.
From your perspective does it really matter
Are you speaking on behalf of all gods?
I wish our government felt that way
Too many gov agencies include God in their works, and too many people exclude god from theirs.
Go tell that to 'Merika. Please and thank you.
Specially Churches in England  so very dark , dank , damp , dull , dirty , depressing, full up cobwebs & old smell next to the graveyards 
eat the egg.. duh phucks...  #SpiritAnimal
I guess God (@TheTweetOfGod) and me have at least this in common.
Especially reality
Don’t we all God.
and I strongly support the separation of #DotardDonnie and #diapers
Not
My legs...(;)
That's dumb.
God please also support the separation of mosque and everything else! TIA!
@real_kadavul உங்கள் இருவருக்கும் எப்பொழுது சண்டை வரும்

Anyone for some coffee?
True/Funny
@Mr_XanMan
Seems legit
Everything? You support the separation of your mamma’s thighs?
You meant to say between.
Nature is not wholly of god, Christianity inadvertently plays devil’s advocate when it idolizes the natural order. Peoplekind was created to be transcendent.
It’s not up to you.
Without connection of church and charity, this world would be in a much more sorry condition than it is even now.
And God?
Every night somebody make me laugh here so hard.Thank you,guys...
Well you have failed ALL of us!!!
You are my favorite god, God.
Very zen of you.
God only following Justin bieber?? Wtf?
Amen!
But gd how will you reach all those that don't go to church if your not on a billboard. My violated all 10 commandments to visit your church and he regrets nothing.
Preach!
No one should be allowed to claim to know God’s will since theologically You are beyond human understanding.

Separate the Church and it's tax exemption, for starters.
I support the separation of the Church.
Prayer too? I was hoping we could bundle all that nonsense together
You also support the separation of foreskin from penis I think.
good god separation support
What the hell were you smoking when you were creating @realDonaldTrump
Something fake, of course...
Especially reason
I understand. Nuke everything!
Could you separate Jaydad head from her shoulders? It'll be okay coz she luuuurrrves you!
@oxygen_mvp
Put them all on an asteroid somwhere so that the rest of us can lead a happy full life without war and poverty,going forward with science and curing worlds problems.
You can fill all their benches with ragdolls so they're happy they have someone to preach to. I don't really care
@TheTweetOfGod Do you support all the trading the @Cavs are doing?
Including reality?  Because that’s the only list item they’ve checked off so far.
Especially young boys!!
Human kind need to file a divorce with religion, while we still have a 'somewhat' good relationship.
I’ve got a hard on for you fella.
Amen!
That’s to make sure we wear our overalls not our...get be outs

Hmm the Jordache look
Even though I love you so much?
I see you're following 1 twitter account?  Who you following, God?  Should be no one!
I support the separation of church.
Full stop.
Careful God, careful.
What kind pf content you mention, God never think about separete church, all that came from the devil, and he knows where to strike, dissapointing all of this
Why do we have an opinion on something we don’t have an interest in, or waste time on what we believe should not exist?
@khodaaaaaa @Parvandegar
As 'god' are you not beyond church and state? Beyond ken of man and question of deity. Beyond conciense and debate? Do you not supercede life itself?
Thank you for this post.  Religion has no place in government.
I support the separation of humanity from life. It's too far gone and needs to be put down.
And common sense
Thank God, I mean you, thank you. Geez.
I Corinthians two this!
Hey God, just between us, the church is a tax scam right ? You can level with me I won’t tell anyone else.
The separation of church from reality.
I support the separation of Trump from America.
next time, could you remove the god gene from the gene pool? It's entirely unhelpful.
Humans would fill the "god gene" with something else. Many of us want to seek out meaning or spirituality and want to believe in something greater, regardless of gods or religion.
It's separated from reason at least
I support the reconciliation of church and garbage!
Support the separation of church from earth.
What about a womans thighs?
Good call - as always Sir/Madam!
Whatever god you don't even exist anyway!

We've got troglodyte legislators here in TN who want to mandate that the motto "In God We Trust" be "displayed prominently" in all public schools in the state. Not sure which god, or how much this silly shit will cost...
So do I
Kryll ICO Open for business, 30% bonus for the next few hours. https://kryll.io?referral=5a7c8e509a3fc450edf7b041kryll.io/?referral=5a7c … $BTC $ETH $BCH $XRP $LTC $MIOTA $DASH $ADA $XEM $BTG $XMR $EOS $XLM $NEO $ETC $QTUM $TRX $STRAT $BTS $HSR $ARDR $MONA $FUEL $XVG $FUN $ENJ $TRX $MSP $PRL $DRGN $ICX
Amen!
Trump steals people’s dignity like the devil steals souls.
I’m an atheist, but this guy’s shtick is played out.
Crazy thought...unfollow
Im with you on this.
You betcha.  I am so damn sick of hearing about EvangeliBaggers I could vomit.
May your will be done, god.
How 'bout mosques. You like them separated as well?
Coincidence the market falls the same day @realDonaldTrump hosts a prayer breakfast?
Secular God lol
I support my not going to church.
Losers
i support the ending of ALL religions, the burning of ALL religious books, AND the burning of ALL places of worship
Separation of Church and God?
at least we come to agree on something
If you are experiencing a period of self doubt. Re read your first bestseller and think about the royalties Ffs !!
Very wise
maybe the disappearance 

Thank you god.
If we gave you another 7 days could you do a better job next time?
The universe is fucking amazing. Ultimate freedom means things are never going to be perfect. Our species came from nothing to building giant cities and rockets.

Yeah, and stop inseminating virgins, alright old dude?!
I support the seperation of humans exploiting humans.
Churches have already separated from God.
That's a big truth.
Too bad you can't separate yourself from bias opinions
You are laic?
I support the seperation of church and existence
Except donuts, please, because if I have to go to church, I at least want there to be donuts.
HA! and most importantly the separation of church and God!
Huh?
it's a joke, that God would support the separation of established churches with God;  That believing in God does not require formal churches and that churches have become, or do not relate to God's ideals

He had no interest in religion either, money, now that's a different story
Money is the only true God!
Jesus knew him off course
Once you get it separated, think you could fling it into an abyss. You have infinitely many, to spare.  
...and foreskin from penis?
You mean....God is French??? 
Could you please do something about these "spiritual advisors" that whisper in his ear that he's America's messiah?
Aren't you catholic?
Didn't you say: "give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar, and give to God what belongs to God."? Why can't the right find this in their version of the bible?
Even reality?
Even Donald Trump?
Do you have an RAC subscription?
That's because you were living there rent free
Wouldn't that mean you're separated from Twitter?


Can you speed up the separation of Trump from life please?
I'd settle for permanent out of office and everlasting ridicule
I support the seperation of bricks in churches.
Thanks, how about mosque?
I second that. #tytlive
What do you not support?
Amen
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
