Sorry, my God-given right to own a firearm isn't up for debate. #MarchForOurLives

Again?
Oh, THIS motherfucker?
It's from Lamentations and Lies of Duane LaPierre, verse 4:20, as in, "What the hell are they smoking at the NRA?"
He ought to go to jail as many who don't pay child support do. Alternatively, garnish his Congressional pay!!! Disgusting to legislate on child support and NOT paying your own!!! 
OH MY GOD.
Just another Deadbeat Baby Daddy. Not surprised. Bet he doesn't spend any time with his children either. Why can't bad things happen to people like him? That would be too damn easy I suppose
He should ask the Prez for a small loan 
Sounds like al sharpton and the millions he owes in taxes
But God....how can he get a job when he's on twitter all day?
Maybe he should sell his guns that God gave him and pay his child support 
"Where r the father's?"
@walshfreedom


This Joe Walsh gives @JoeWalsh a bad name..
WTF?
This guy is a putz.
Go get him, God! You rule!
God knows all
Thank you God!
You are a stiff like Trump.
Glad IL Congrsman Joe Walsh has chosen not to put "one more dollar of debt on my kids"...because they are already in debt to tune of $117K that u owe them...guess that means u WILL PAY CHILD SUPPORT NOW
When it comes to divorce court and divorces . I never judge. I’ve seen ( and the only way to describe it as Fuck up decisions ) in both directions.
That's terrible!
A little karma please
Wow.  What a huge piece of shit.
The pic of Saint Reagan in the background is very Jeffrey Lordish.

Nice touch with Saint Ronnie's photo in the background. Guess that didn't impress you either.


A real example of white, elite privilege. If i didnt pay id have no license and be in jail. BS!
In his defense, child support calculations are designed to ruin divorced fathers.
Nice smite!
@WalshFreedom   
God, you’re funny as hell. Hmmm maybe I shouldn’t have said hell LOL
.@WalshFreedom, pay in full the amount owned for child support.
He needs to go to jail and meditate about a father’s responsibilities towards his children.
His ex-wife can, in the state of Illinois, ALWAYS file for a purge bond in the amount that's owed and let him sit in jail until he comes up with the money!  It tends to have memorable effect on parents who don't want to pay support!
OK @IllinoisVoters time to give this guy the boot.  What a hypocrite.
If I were the real Joe Walsh (the one with the guitars) I’d sue the guy for defamation. (I thought it was him at first).
Oof.
You made a real good human in this one!
So all his earnings to go back child support, or has Congress exempted him?
Wait...my biological father ran for Congress...?
There is no such thing as a God-given right for anything!
Rumor is that just after the 6th day of creation, you snuck the gun right in during daylight savings time - another one of your other fine creations.
Ba-Zing!
@WalshFreedom  Thought you might like this..Good read Joe..
Debit his paycheck. That's what happens in my state when deadbeat dads don't pay.
#Really ??!!  @WalshFreedom ??!!! BTW, take your #NonGodGiven2A and #StuckItWhereTheSunDontShineDude
Oops 
Your god gave you a child yet you seem to value your right to bear arms more.
Joe Walsh plays guitar.
Pay up you bastard!

God truly is great. Preach!
As I keep telling you, you have been replaced by a female God, whose power and Wikibooks is greater than yours
Why exactly is this muppet declining anything on behalf of another adult. People have a fundamental right to decide for themselves. Voters should also do this when he comes up for re-election.
Thanks God
Hey @TheTweetOfGod do you give his kids the right to punch him in the nuts for not paying for their support?
I'll take some support, dad.
Child support tends to stop sometime before your 2,000th birthday.
If only we could say the same for maintenance.
No doubt, he's another one of those family values guys. Pathetic.

Fuckin hell
Christians SMH
Why isn't he in jail for non-payment? Oh. I know. Hes rich and white.
Is that something you go to jail for?  I know a few dead beat daddies that can't get their licenses (mixed races)  but I've never heard of getting locked up over it
Yes. I don't know if it's in all states, but you can be sent to at least county jail for it in mine. I know a white woman who was.
God the activist???? Things that make me go "Hmmmm...."
Phew.  I thought you were talking about Joe Walsh the singer.  I was going to be disappointed until you pointed out it's just another politician.  Thank God.
I thought the same thing.. phew indeed.. and it's thank "You".


God brings the receipts.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
