Camera adds 20lbs
I think that camera's added 20 million light-years.
Are those real?
Those are real galaxies
At least, they *were* real galaxies.
Well yes, they could be long dead because the image shows how the galaxies looked when the light left them millions of years ago
You seem to be expanding at an ever-increasing rate. Everything okay?
That just happens as you get older...live it alone.
Photo bombed by Stephen Hawking
Beat me to that comment.
Too soon
Time is relative.
Yeah that's a good one, did you get a new galaxy?
My cat face when she saw your tweet
What camera are you using to take photos god
Hubble
Lol
Please take good care of Stephen Hawking
Kinda douchie to take a selfie with a bunch of stars to boost your image!
photoshopped
When I zoomed in I could see it.
Worst case of galacne I’ve ever seen.

Here’s one of Djt :
Have you lost weight?
At least a few galaxies
The real person with this twitter account....
Duckface again ?
You are not the center of the uni....oh, never mind...
A little higher next time.  I can see right up your nose.
You look out of this world!
You got something between your dark matter, there.
Hey I can see my house from here!!
You blinked
Nice
Nice try @thetweetofgod, that is old the light left millions of yrs ago. Read a book, homie.
We all use photo's of our younger selves.

From a Samsung Galaxy....
Is that a nipple I see?
Should've fixed your hair.
Acne
You get fatter every year...
Hello It’s Me God
It’s out of this world
I see what you did there
God is black with freckles! I knew it!
God. I love you
You’ve got something stuck in your teeth.
Mine is better.. #Buddha
The lighting could have been better.
Egodtistically astronomical?
Check your lighting , seems to be some red eye going on there
You've got to turn the phone around the other way. Old people.. Sheesh
You haven’t changed a bit.
Looks like you got a real Bang out of it.

Awesome.
My favorite- love the fact that the only one he follows is his son - Justin Bieber!
@adrianna_blount
He’s looking good
Focus! You have to focus.
Put some clothes on next time! Gross.
I see what You did there !   ;)
You're looking a little spaced out.
Dad? Is that You?
I think you have a low quality camera---
OMG! Why did you shave the beard? Is ok still looking stellar : ]
I can see my galaxy from here!!
Is that the Hubble Deep Field? Were you listening to my audio book with me in my car again, God?
That's my absolute favorite picture of you.
You’re killin’ me today 
do selfie with Stephen Hawking, would love to see it

Looking well Big Man
My penis is in there.
Technically incorrect - not a selfie.  It sb labeled, "God's creation."  While what we make may reflect us, it is not us.  If you actually took time to #understand, you might actually #mock others less.
@somewaan 
Very old selfie, I would say. You look much younger on this picture.
Lol, this account cracks me up!
@vyom67
@GabiRochtello 
Nice!
God, have you ever looked over your shoulder just to ensure that there is not an elder there, grinning at you?

#WhoIsInCharge
Love your work GOD
Stellar pic Lord
Earth and its inhabitants are in total mess, instead of doing something about it, you are tweeting selfie and sarcasm ! You don't seem too busy !
I have you on wallpaper ;_;
It’s a good thing you remembered to use the flash. Looks great...
Dang, you haven’t aged at all!
I trust you’ll welcome Steven Hawkings with open arms and let him walk and talk again? I think he earned that from you!
Kind of able to see why the religious freaks are so mystified of course they're not looking out there.
Am I the only one who sees Darth Vader's helmet?
Look at the size of those! Obviously photoshopped...
New Selfie!  it's billions of years old
Probably photoshop.
what highlighter do you use
Who's that guy in the back?

looks just like ya!

(what? am i like, the 800th one to be clever?...?)
Taking a selfie...your so vain.
Morgan Freeman, is that you?
You look beautiful today!
https://youtu.be/3K6YYnDXonU 
Please bhai saheb please bhai is channel ko subscribe Kar dijie ham apka channel ko subscribe Kar denge 
Please
Bhai aap apna what aap number dijie
It's time you start looking outside the box
where the hell is Arcturus because that’s where i’m headed
I see a duck! :)
You look good !  Younger even !
more wrinkles than the last time
You look old. You getting enough sleep?
Which one is you Lord ?
Where did you stand to take this?
I  your nonexistent self
Is that...Hawking photobombing?
You bless You.
Family pic!
Oh my God! How Beautiful! 
me too!!!!
AWESOME but I see Stephen Hawking is kibitzing there behind you
So vain you are!
New Haircut?
Your waistline keeps expanding
Be serious. We know you live in the clouds and there’s not a single cloud to be seen in your so-called selfie. Outrageous hoax.
With Stephen Hawkin. Thats an awesome selfie.
Bender misses you.
Lookin Hot God
So many flat planets
Kinda pixelated...
DO YOU OLD MAN
Master! Master!
@nathanhill16
Saw that 
@alistairlq
It's the Hubble deep field shot. Every single patch of light is a galaxy with a billion stars and several billion planets and moons. That light took 13 billion years to get to the telescope so this is almost a picture of the beginning of the universe.
No, but I snuck mine in there.
You know how many times your face has unknowingly passed through my dick while you're just walking around?
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST AND YOU'RE TELLING ME NOW?
You might want to move your mouth 6 inches to the left right now, btw.
F U CK
Naw
Wondring, that someone See's it the same i do. Blut if selfie, very few of you and we know only 1 emanation and so only the unspectacular part of yours. Thanks anyways a Lot.
Damn god lookin like a snack
i wonder if he used a wide-angle lens.
You have put on some weight god! KFC or McDonald’s?
You've got WONDERFUL eyes
Nice composite, your God maybe fake too
ভগবান, দিনের বেলার সেলফি দাও একটা 
(I hope you understand all languages, God, otherwise there is always google translator!)
Can just see the nose, where is the rest of you God?
You’re a close-up of my blackhead?
You look fat
Nice mirror selfie

Nice
Legit awesome
You used the wrong camera as you fotographed the side that exists.
Hi Heinz-Günther!
70% of stars in those galaxies have planets. Some must have life. Some have Wookies(?)
Eindeutig die Schokoladenseite getroffen. 
Greetings to Professor Hawking...
God is real
You are Awesome
@rickygervais just saw your Humanity special and saw this and thought of you 
:)
Oh my god I'm dying 

Could you make a selfie stick long enough to take picture of all existence?
Professor I don’t know if you have the numbers yet but what was the age breakdown for the PA primary?
Its a dick pic?!¡
Great photo! You’re still looking awsome for someone 13.4 billion years old! Whatever you’re doing, don’t stop.
Good effort, but we all see you photo bombing Stephen Hawking!
Those dark circles are not complimentary.
Not a local god 
begone thot
God You are beautiful.
This sucks, you get all the space you want huh? *puns herrherr*
Looking sharp there Big-G!
That's a brain scan. You're not the real Santa!! 
Here's one where you're smiling -
It takes a fraction of a second for this image to turn into a mirror.
@NASA 

Holy shit
Without Snapchat filter 
OM...G
you are so vain!
Fucking show-off
you look fantastic..
nice one
Hii
Good one
You have it zoomed out too much. Not that I'm telling God what to do, but.....   Move to the left side smidgen. Thanks! 
Looking shit
I wish you would’ve let me do your makeup.
@PraptiBhalerao
Never knew God himself was a classic vampire or just invoked an invisibility cloak for himself.
A great selfie! Your Creation!
Looks straight out of Futurama.
Yeah you’re fat. Maybe stop eating cosmic brownies?
I see it
A little botox would really tighten up those wrinkling nebulae...
Phones can be so tricky...try the other camera 
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
