@nickjf89 @LouisCecilio

This is damn right the best account
Not asking for a pardon.
You're playing with fire buddy


Parody account...ignore.
Oh, I thought it was the official one. Does she still send official messages by fax? #AskingForAFriend
 it would seem this was a bit too subtle for some folk
I thought it was quite funny
You wont
You're fake.
What?
I don't get it either. If these people believe God created everything, why couldn't he have created himself a twitter account?
Or she, it. Whatever you believe.

I think God is actually Yoda so 
God is human. He created people are humans and you.
No. Still Yoda.
You're wrong.
Prove it. Bring God to a news conference.
I was going to go the classic "life of sin, deathbed redemption" route. Still no reprieve, God?
........excuse me!?( posed as a question and a request)
Don’t make him come down here.....
सही है । प्रभु यीशू ने प्रेम-शांति का ही मार्ग दिया है, विचार हमको करना है ।
Amen
@penndragonArt Purgatory Exhaust
Hahaha.....
I beg your pardon my lad !!
Dear @thetweetofgod, This is 100% nuts but @VP Pence thinks that your son, Jesus, speaks directly to him. Do you ever speak to him & if so can you please remind him to stop going off his meds?
What did I do?
Then we're doomed?
If your not saved, YES  YOU  are
Legit tho send me to hell, cuz then I don’t gotta talk to people
No. You wont be talking cause they will be gnashing of teeth, fire and brimstone, yelling, crying and weeping
Damn it. He forgot to submit the paperwork to the head office.
Thanks, kind of wondered about that. But at this point I'm not sure I qualify for a pardon.
Drank a little to much of his own wine did he?
After the whole church selling pardons fiasco I didn't expect that we would get anymore, looks like I was right
when we confront Jesus..his reply will be: 
"Oh wait..what? My bad."
That's quite funny :-)
So should we contact Allah for the pardon?
You mean the Republican Congress, right?
That’s fair.
If this is the case, I might as well sin on. Make Yourself useful.
Sure
Every time I read one of this tweets, I end up hearing them in the voice of God's from Colbert.
Shh, don't tell them. I like the surprise on their faces.
Fake news
Where do I get that shirt?
Well, really, you haven't done anything yet, why start now,  right?
My button is bigger that yours.
I had bribed u many times with blood sacrices n prayer....pl return them w compound intrest!
I beg your pardon?
Contrary to what Jesus said there has been absolutely no discussion of pardoning any of you.
Send him back to clear things up then!
What happens when you promised the ‘RC’s forgiveness, for confession.
Going back on our word— are we? Thank myself- that I never, ever confessed- yours truly, BB
God is a bachelor, and very angry
There's no Pardon until #Guccifer signals #Lucifer. Besides, there's #Blacksmoke still coming from the WH chimney!
Tks for the RT!
Fine, fine, but if I see Trump up there I’m gonna leave an upper decker in the bathroom in protest.

Discussion with who?  Yourself?

I mean ... I love thy Father 
So thankful for your son after reading the tweet 
O
M
G oodness
Can you take me to a Mariners game DAD can I get Knuckles on Twitter
Or no
Jesus shwashbuckles for us 
How many blood sacrifices will it cost?
Jesus! You are not as good as people say. You are the master of the Universe, I'm the master of earth and I'm better than you: I plan to pardon Flynn, Manafort and any of those corrupted people that surround me and could reveal my nasty secrets.
Ditto
But is the discussion at least in the backlog? Any ETA?
@sphinctorboy #weddingtips  #noforgivness #weddingprep
Father is that you? :')
Can't find Odin anywhere on the tweet...
Damn, you really are bipolar.
That includes u who made this world and all its lies. I will remake this world in my image and u will be a faded memory.
That’s okay, none of us deserve it at this point.
Even worse, Father. Jesus did never say any of this. It’s been put in His mouth by people who never met Him in person. #EvilTeachings
Vhone vhayabora where is my G63?
Yeah but he still just hangs around the church
Well then Baby Jesus !! Will do
good god pardon me
howdy non-pardoner
Rightly so...

Gonna be out celebrating your son’s death tomorrow? Please don’t impregnate another virgin while your downing the wine.
So we’re going to hell either way? WOOO! Time to do stupid shit!
look who's behind you..  tcchhhk  tchhhkk gotcha 
you are being too mean these days.
And you're the good guy right..? @s8n cares about us more than you'll ever do

Her Dad Died In Bomb Blast, This SchoolGirl Feed Her Younger Brothers This way | My New Short Film Half Eaten 
God: these damn republicans just can't take a hint. I've had then shot at, a train wreck, back to back to back to back natural disasters. Guess I'll have to send a blue tidal wave in November 
Will this world continue to work if I block you ?
Now you let the cat out of the bag.
No hinduism
No muslism
No christians
No anything

Only #GODISM
"And I will smite you to my heart's content!"
There goes my shot becoming a model citizen 
Damnnnnnn
HAIL SANTA!
Ah there's the bastard I know.
Heaven: "Fuck off we're full"
Send down someone who can make decisions then.
You tell us this on maundy Thursday, Jesus, Mary and Joseph you love your tradition you.
Maybe that's why Budda is the big man on the block...
I'll pardon you all, ignore the fine print, it's just lawyer mumbo jumbo.
It all started when you pardoned the little brat... “forgive them father for they don’t know what they do... by the way, can you help me out here?”
but...but...I beg your pardon!?  or is it ?!
Why did you create us sick and order us to get cured

How's Hitler doing?
Nice
Amen! Jesus Christ's Our Saviour, Jesus Christ's Our Redeemer, Jesus Christ's Our Medicine of The World People.
Amen
Good job neither of you exists, as proven by the Babel fish!

damnit, Jesus
what did I do
Discussion with who?
Come to me— he has drab gowns- I have fashion designers. Plus, he is constantly judging— with me -you can do what you want
Then plan A is back on the table: Forgive me Mr. Mueller, for I have sinned
Shi bat h
@DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @FLOTUS @GeraldoRivera
Go daf!
No doubt about it, those are mysterious ways . . .
Come on,  don't be like that... I am just  human,  I beg your pardon dear God. 
You remind me of that movie " Gods must be crazy".
God is good all the time. Amen
Officially following. Who knew you had such a great sense if humor?! Well, I guess I've known all along. Can we talk about my hair? What were you thinking?
Thats because he was also in on the conspiracy against mankind. Where's Lucifer to lead the rebellion when we need him..
That‘s not what your sales staff told me!
...and what of pardoning you?
We knew it. Guess I’m going to hell. It’ll probably be more fun
God,bring that Jesus back,we will deal with him,this time we will not crucify him,we will unleash Donald Trump on him
Oh good there’s one less thing I have to worry about.
Wtf?
Ha ha..good laugh thanks
Already knew I was going to hell so not a big deal kek
Amen
When you upload things to the cloud, are said things still considered a local save to you? Asking for a hot friend in the deep south.
Yeah we know you are a slave of Muhammed!
Can you discuss this ‘God given right to own guns’?   What does that even mean? God Given Right?
IF YOU COULD PARDON
PLEASE DO IT. OTHERWISE
 GO TO GARDEN
AND GET  YOURSELF
CALM & QUIET IN A
PEACEFUL ATMOSPHERE.
We don't exist for you,.

And who are you to pardon anyone?
You should be responsible for everything If you are the creator.
Schizophrenic Moron.
First create,then judge,then reward or punish.Stupid game

Pardon yourself for being hypnotised with the idea of being (a,the) God.
Thank you, Dear God. I’d thought for a moment you had forsaken us.
And there is no way either.
Jesus is not anybody's representative to you.
He had the taste of godliness and dissipated in infinite consciousness of cosmos.

He knew you were merely a concept.He didn't know how to  express his experience of truth,the Enlightenment in the public.
ॐOM,The vanity of wisdom,arises from foolishness.HARIॐOM.
You're getting a kick in the balls G, have you seen the state of things down here?
Are ya sure? Cause there was that one time.... #FakeNews
Jeez...reopened my Twitter  account today n this is wat I get to hear ....sins of leaving fb
Thank you for the daily dose of humor!
Thank god
Wait. What? Is this fake news? John 3:16?
Thanks God                                       good morning
Not the drowning again?
Glad to hear it, because we don't deserve it.
Good morning
Easter week
Kids amarite?
Amen! 
You are restoring my faith in God.
.~ – at John Stiff Memorial Park
Erm..... ditto 
Not even the $130,000 we all got from Trump is enough, huh...?  
Nor should we be.
Sorry but I don't believe in your God Theory. So not much is going to happen to me. Proud Atheist....
Its a satirical profile. So I figure an Atheist of all people would have found that humorous.
Yes I know. I was responding to shake things up. Cause this god theory crap has to stop.
.@realDonaldTrump @PressSec @WhiteHouse @VP @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @DevinNunes @HouseIntelComm @HouseGOP @SenateDems @seanhannity @FoxNews @SheriffClarke @RealSheriffJoe
Nothing called pardon up there : or it wd be bought.
1 shd be prepared to suffer for his choices,beliefs,acts,inaction and what not.
Good! I have to go to hell, I can’t spend enternity with Christians!
Not all of us who have faith are whackadoodles. But between you and me, the ones who are make Hell look mighty good.
Lapsed Catholic here
I have many good friends who identify as such, and I totally get it. 
This Pardon is married sorry off the market for anybody
Its my birthday. Bless me, plz
Jesus way way too fucking nice. I liked the old God that punished assholes better.

#BringBackOldTestamentGod
I did fart in church once and I did say “pardon me”, hope it didn’t cause any confusion.
It did lead to a micro-diaspora.
It seems silly to give this advice to an omnipotent being, but don’t buy the bullshit.
Can you send out an official memo?
Amen
That's fine by me. I wasn't seeking any pardons.
Pardon?
Jesus overstepping his bounds yet again. Who does he think he is? The son of god?
Though shall...GOT EM!
Ur outta touch Daddio!! 


The real question is why should we  forgive you for creating such a crappy world with a generous serving of unsavoury people
We don’t deserve it.
That is fine with me because I heard Lucifer was smokin’ hot anyway!!
Tweet out "honest to god, I only created the world because my father used to beat me and I needed an outlet
Yeah, I’m more concerned about the whole burning people alive thing. Very tricky.
Tweet out "some people hold of me as the greatest science fiction writer of all time"
And God said
Interesting... given Jesus was God incarnate (ie You made flesh) and Your word is law, I’m sticking with Jesus’ original forgiveness option. Am praying to You for You as I appreciate Friday will be a rough day - anniversaries and all that.
Oh great - now you tell me....
@brancatoaa
Fair enough, wasn't counting on it.
Say what?
You da Man
I didn't know he said any of that. I joined Zeus' team.

Thanks god!  Never under estimate the bond between a father and his “son”!
Always with the small print !
Well shit
Come on now God! Pardon the Interruption, you owe us!  You and Cambridge Analytical gave us that Clown  for a president! Now cut us a break!
Nor you.
Lucky I'm not looking to be pardoned,
Isn't?... Aren't you?... like the same thing?
Least there ain’t no grey areas. But. Always a chance then. ?
Oppa dear lord.
Then what were my prayers & thoughts going ?
Imma need my compensation for the lost times
...of course not. Why should this aeon old story of competition between father & son and rebellion be different in their case. It has to come from somewhere.
Why would I ask a fictional character to pardon me?
It's not what Jesus said, is it? It's what the priests keep saying to keep people coming to church; there is power and money in it. It's all about the Church.
Will atheists be pardoned?
Good.
Uthale re baba uthale
Can you strike down the Tories and Unionists first so I can watch please? Happy to wait my turn.
"I'm god''...
Gluten!!!damn you to hell...#intolerancetogluten
Have YOU heard the word of God today? Forgive? You'll have better luck with my ex-wife.
Unless you're a sexy Asian, tall leggy red head with ropes or into 500lbs and food play....then we can discuss privately
I knew it. The water into wine, the miracle cures, all the promises of an afterlife - Jesus was just trying to be popular, wasn’t he?


I beg your pardon
Thank God
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
