Nice one dad!
Look whos talkin . of course he would blame like always
explains why you're not verified
Only He could verify Himself.
or She
They
It?
unfollowed.

What kind of excuse is that? Neither does Satan!
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist! Oh no, hang on, that was Kevin Spacey....
No American should vote for ANY candidate who ACCEPTS #NRABloodMoney, but only SENDS prayers and condolences in the wake of school gun massacres. RT if you agree. #GunReformNow #VoteBLUE2018 #NRABloodMoney #VteThemOut #Parkland #FloridaShooting
Hey Fred! Happy belated 200th birthday. Michael Beschloss wrote you a note for it yesterday. Hey God, did you forget Fred's BD since you don't exist today?
At least we still have Godzilla
oh crap, is it possible that donald trump does not exist either? That everything is just a nightmare
Except that if we were, all the computers diverting their processing power to mine Bitcoin would cause the simulation to keep stuttering ;)
So your saying all these ‘thoughts and prayers’ from our courageous republican friends aren’t helping school shootings?

We all don't exist.
You have to make everything about you, don’t you?
Only the True God denies his Divinity.
So I’ve given quail eggs up for lent for nothing?

We really did a crappy job of inventing you.
Which one of him/her/them are you referring to?
“I am #TotesMaStoats real!” Thus spake the #NorseSquirrelGod.
who's the funniest atheist ever? yay you.

Excuses, excuses.
Calling in a favour....and you do owe me one.

Can you extend that status to the @NRA?
I fucking knew it, no verified tick see!
of course you exist. You just have a different name. You're actually called Disney.
@ekattherina duuuuuuuuuuuuuuude 
Jajajajajajajjajqajquqtfssj se suicifan todas las iglesias
I @justinbieber & @Madonna – at Cummins - Southern Plains
מא חורי דק – at The Home Depot
V @etnow
In that case, you're doing an impressive job of it! Keep up the indifferent work!
Pleading insanity for the believers is another... It's another step from denial when addicted to religion to admit when it's a problem.
Yeah that's pretty obvious
But what about all those thoughts and prayers after every mass shooting?
You’re self aware, that’s a strength for a male 
How is this not misandry and just as bad as misogyny?

You just shattered every argument for equality with your own verbal sex attack
I also don't exist
Dude same

The best trick You ever pulled was making people believe You exist.
I get you and Jesus ..but what’s with the Holy Ghost thing ?  #stonedthatnight?
Prove it. :-)
You tweet, therefore you're not?
That's modern existence for you...
Dude.. where'd you go...?
...
#supernatural

@AliciaHerf no le des me gusta a esta publicación, arrepientete pecadora o arderás en el caldero de Satán
Lo siento una historia es más divertida si huele a peligro
Viviendo una nueva aventura
I think you're right. As a child, I tortured myself trying to figure out how anything could exist, until I started thinking about what nothing was, and then nothing and every conceivable something looked kind of the same to me.
Finally !!!
You'r just a concept
What the fuck is “you’r”? It’s “you’re”. Get it right.
420 @latimesopinion
Trust me you do and thanks again ~ – at Peet's Coffee
But what is, existence? Hey @tweetsauce Michael here...
So THAT’S why this account isn’t official. 
God follows @justinbieber !!! 
If the xtian god were real, the other gods would take him behind the stands and beat him up.
@Joel_Daniel
Ay, gracias por esto. He estado riéndome unos cuantos minutos 
Well this is a real bummer.
Monologues ...? ^^
Next thing you're going to tell me is there's no Santa Claus!
you're off the hook then....wait a minute....who am I tweeting too???
But all those thoughts and prayers...............
Me too
The only thing that doesn't exist is nothing, because how can nothing exist if it's nothing, P.S I was going to put an emoji at the end of this  comment but couldn't find one!
You’re not getting off that easy God. We’re all a part of the ultimate truth & we all have to be accountable & measured against that truth.
yes!!!
No kidding. You’re an absentee landlord.
That explains your infallibility!
fUCK
Yes you do, now get cracking, you lazy bugger!!!
Yes
@cptmacsparrow
You don't exist but we need you so much... could you please put some more God-fearing fear into the hearts of the @HouseGOP and the @SenateGOP ?
I knew it!!!!
@steeliestTub it's beginning to look like God is a load of nonsense after all
I wish I didn't exist
I believe you
Amen to that
prove it!! I know you can!
So these thoughts and prayers are useless to begin with!
You'd better come up with an another argument
Then murder isn't wrong?
You better don't.
It's a test!
There, there *pet-pet* figment of the frightened imagination.
Awesome nonexistent
Lucky you, that you don’t exist. After reading that book about your “adventures” it seems that if you were real, you would be jailed for eternity for all you’ve done to this Universe.
So God is a BOT. Oh the humanity......
It would be better for you if you didn't exist
Well then who keeps talking to me in my head?  I need a tin foil hat dammit!
Then how did you tweet that? (mind = blown)
I keep trying to convince people I know the same thing but it doesn't seem to work.
True dat
#HopesAndPrayers


Tsssss @poppytorres_
Satan doesn't exist?
I do exist. Hee-hee!
 You exist yet you don't really exist
یسریع چیزارم باس بزاری پای اتفاقای نادرو قسمت و وحی الهی مثال طرف بچش جلوش بره زیر ماشین جون بده...
@GMLmusic but you do.
Last time I checked.

RAmen
pls don't retweet lies AKASh
Can you pls stick to Vodafone bashing tweets?
your denial of God is a bigger problem than their denial of service to me BABEEee
Prayed to Jesus for a great girl. Not very happy with his offer. Haven't been on talking terms with him since then.
maaaybe if you worked on your personality/humor instead of PRAYING, you would get better girls BYE LOSER
How did *you* get such a great offer with your -56/7 personality and -45697/7 humor
i prayed  #MiraclesAreReal #GodIsReal #takeTHATJesushater
Honeymoon period getting over in 5,4,3....
It's necessary to invent you then?
Wjdjrjfmmkr see
Hahhahaha
And behold, others he flattereth away, and telleth them there is no hell; and he saith unto them: I am no devil, for there is none—and thus he whispereth in their ears, until he grasps them with his awful chains, from whence there is no deliverance.
Father, you are the hide and seek champion of the universe!
Hahahaha
@joshgrondin_96
OH,FOR GOD SAKE.
No.....Just look at your fashion sense if non existence is your point.
Now, now. It’s been a terrible 24 hours for us all. Don’t beat yourself up about it. You really don’t have any more control over it than I do over the orbit of Neptune.
Blasphemous


What about Charlton heston saying u live in the heart of all men?
@sylviawitteman
Many people have that view today:
If the human being is not able to define infinity to the t whose fault it is.
Huh...now that you mention it, I never got that million dollar check I prayed for. Or the good looks, for that matter
the validation from the man himsef
If God is an atheist, then I am God.
God's A New England Patriot  ?
If you worship the NRA you are worshipping a false god. Your prayers won't help.
.....you must believe in yourself ...you will not go nowhere otherwise....
......when fictional characters begin to talk .........
Ironic
Love it!!!!!!!!!
Is there anything called Luck in this world ?
Wait...but...what is...screw it.
God तुस्सी कहाँ हो।
देश छोड़कर. भाग लिया क्या
Buy the way have you made Aadhaar card
Sure you exist.  You've just been shadow banned.
LOL!
Then how'd you make my ass laugh?
why in heavens name are there so few "likes?"
No you don’t exist. You are a figment.
The original imaginary friend
Ok.
why can I read you?

So you're neither here nor there?!
IF YOU DONT EXIST ? WHERE THE FUCK HAS THE VICAR SENT MY NANA AND GRANDAD ? I  THOUGHT HE SAID HAVEN N NOT HEAVEN ? TO BE FAIR ? IM GLAD REALLY THEY LOVED THERE CARAVAN AT HAVEN SANDS great ? MY GRANDADS PROBLEY HAVING A GAME OF BINGO IN THE CLUB AS WE SPEAK THANX GOD !
You must exist.  If not, why would billions of people fear you and believe in you in so many different ways by so many names?  You must have multiple personalities and moods like many humans do.
Too late, pal. I jumped off that band wagon long ago. Fortunately, the fall was short and the landing was light. Knowing how to roll helps. But, what the hell! I'm a Special Forces veteran. I take it all in stride and style.
But You ist
Something doesn't exist, creates a twitter account and then tweets? Seems out of kilter ?
Mmm, and the Spaghetti God exists? #god
Your profile picture proved that a long time ago. 
You actually do but not as an Old man up in heaven btw...
I am absolutely sure that You're off the hook. Not existing, and never having existed, really helps with that.
Amen.
Blasphemy
Psyche!
Thank god.
But, then,  how are u tweeting, o Mighty?
This one has to be THE BEST till now.
But Santa is real, right?
Ahem, you've said that before. Can nothingness repeat itself?
You do. We've killed you millennia yet your tyranny survived. You have no defense. What you mean to admit is that you have always been and always will be useless. 

Not wasting any more killing on you. Bai. And thanks for life, assshole.
Q.E.D.
Thank for making me lol
IT is THE Force
Omg!
not yet
Sissi.
Something the U.S. likes to prove daily.
Lol
LOL 
Neither do I. Phew! Thought I was going nuts for a minute there....

Stop avoiding your responsibilities
Defence leads to existence...
God's Word! Lol!
i'm having an existentialist crisis now!
You are just not him/her!!!
i do exist
You Tweet therefore you are
Love the irony
But you live on so many hearts. So you are a life in them.
Never gonna complain again
In my defense, I don't either.
I know you dont
Wow
You're The best! 
You have to believe in yourself!!!!
4 weeks ago I asked you about that, and you didn't answer, so obviously you don't exist.
How do I save other peoples tweets cause i wanna save this one.
Nigga you just tweeted that
We know..
Always the same excuse
Tell that to the theists 
I knew it #BigBangTheory #science  #NoGoD
Always suspected this was the case. Does this mean @s8n is an impostor too?
@TheTweetOfGod How is it like to receive prayers on a daily basis? #AskGod
God's Supernatural Power, an Omnipotent. Thanks Dad, Our Father.

Well thanks for telling us.
U idiot. Dont exposé our secret
but i saw u.
Tweetatatazo!!!!
I believe in you...
Believe in Yourself.
No shit, "pay no attention to the man behind the curtain"

I do. Believe in me.
You are in all to witness how your masterpieces praise you or be praised. That's how they have been caught in evolving belief and disbelief systems. Albeit they have been becoming "gods" since long in antiquity till this age of "Space-eras" after modern eras. Is it that "God" (?)
Only dead
You said it. Otherwise, People unnecessarily fight about your existence
Prove it
Or you're at least not answering calls.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
