Is humanity soon to follow ??
One can only hope
I was thinking the same!
We have all the Maddens on the same page 
What if it's not humanity next but only the Maddens? Still hoping?
I am curious- you do understand that this twitter attributed to God is satirical, right?
Or is God moving in mysterious ways???
I guess there is no way of knowing for sure 
And yet people hate me because I believe in Zoos and wild life sanctuaries. This is precisely what can be avoided.
Of course white people believe in confinement in a cage for life, is what is best for everything
It's clear that your idea of a zoo is different from my idea of a zoo. Might want to lay off the American perception a bit. Go to Australia when you get the chance.
look from the animal's point of view, and you wonder why animals break out of zoos
Better to let them die because of unfortunate circumstances. Animal sanctuaries help rehabilitate animals, educate the public, and when all is good, set them free in the wild. Australia knows how to do zoos properly.


very cute!...i like calvin & hobbes. 
I love it. I like to think I was a bit like Calvin when I was a little boy. But then I think a lot of people do, that's the beauty and brilliance of it's writing.
you created us .. you are at fault
Not so.  He gave us brains.  We chose not to use them.
sadly yes
It takes a bone head to create this bone head
He was looking a
little pale like you.
At least they have sperm samples. Nonetheless tragic
So sad
I'm helping, I'm helping. Don't be impatient. I'll do the job, believe me!
Can't you just make some more oh mighty one?
To be fair, there were only two on the arc, and they got themselves back up into millions before we started murdering them for their horns.
Good point.
There is the slight problem that we only have two females left, but there are ways around that I guess. One of them will have to identify as male. Job done.
@rickygervais will probably go and dead name it. Right, Bobo?

Noooo
Yup , world about to end. Back to just the fish in the sea
....and dinosaurs make a comeback!
So sad
Most species that have ever existed are extinct, this has been happening way before people were here.
Make some more....lazy
I blame the chinese with their voodoo medicine for the decline of many endangered animals


I think WE are next.....Almighty God!
...and don't forget the Trumps are gunning for the elephants
Dear God, can we trade one of them for a Male White Rhino? Please?
So sad
Just creat other. Thought you have the powet
Damn. My heart is broken...humans are a cancer.
I would like this for its accuracy if it wasn't so damn sad
We're the parasite. It's official now.
You should kick Noah, he got lazy and took in too few animals! Also free will is wasted on humans
Sarah Palin better grab that shotgun and helicopter so she can beat climate change and kill the rest of the polar bears!!!!!
Aren't all bears under duress now that u can go right in2 their dens while they sleep & kill them.

Uhh, @TheTweetOfGod can we get a little help down here?
But I feel bad for Donald Trump Jr...  what will he shoot if there aren't any more left?
(*whispers it*) himself?
We’re in middle of an extinction period and not many people are aware of it. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sixth_Extinction:_An_Unnatural_History …
Not to be an insufferable pedant (though I am one) every biological organism exists "in the middle" of it's extinction cycle, when you think of it
Read the book, or similar stuff. Explains why this is unusual. One of the major extinction events. Man made obviously.
I take your point, entirely
Human encroachment everywhere on the planet is wasting the environment. Until now population culling wars have kept our species in check. We're going to drown in our peace if we're not careful
I can't even. I hate people.
Put the blame on muslims. So convenient.. huh...
Thats sad
Ayy, Lizzy. How come we're sending food aid to Africans and making the continent get overpopulated with billions more deforesting humans who will all starve to death when the money for aid runs out? I thought you were doing that cause you hated Rhinos and Elephants and Lions.
Species come and go. In the end the grim reaper gets everything. Eventually even you...
Just because you don't know where another one us doesn't mean it's not there.
Sad indeed, although all the dinosaurs got wiped out before Adam was even a gleem in your eye. Was that your doing God?
Dinosaurs aren't gone. They've become petty...and tiny.
God's majestic animals were here before man &will die because of man...
DAD!
There's only one Trump, why can't we manage that one!

Of all the things you've created, Lord God, shame and humility seem not to have taken on with this human race of ours.
You mean "Team Inhumanity." Just following in your footsteps, Pops, one extinction level event after another. Wait until you see what Trump and Kim get going
That’s so sad he’s in a better place now. Humans need to step up there game! So animals can live 
Save the sperm!
Humans don't deserve beautiful things
Shame


THIS IS THE HUMANS CRIME !!
I´M SORRY RHINO.
GOD AND THE ANIMALS ARE THE ONLY PERFECT LIFE.
I LOVE YOU; DREAM IN PEACE. !!
you made humans, so it's your fault
Ayyy ky nganong wala gipa mate before namatay ang male nga naa pa man diay duha ka female... kani juds god hahahaha
Who got the contract on the casket?
It looks count down have started of loosing our animal kingdom
So sad
Sad
We cant do anything without your will
U made us do it.
Funny how trophy hunters are fine with ending a species for fun, but murder their kids in a school shooting and they don’t like it. The only thing in common is that the animals and children never see it coming and don’t carry guns to protect themselves
looks like the last floods sure scared the hell out of Team Humanity

Somebody says to me" there have no
Angel or god",but now I realise
That he was wrong.

What do you expect in a world were Trump is president?!
Is this because of climate change ? #
!!

The white 3rd wave feminist rhinos are thrilled... but angrily confused as they no longer have anything at which to direct their bitter inner angst.
We really should have done better with the dinosaurs
Jokes on you, you made us in yer image.
Yesterday I heard we can now clone primates ..... people are saying that we have no right to play god .... how about if we do it to bring the rhinos back......?
Wake up world 
so sad.
Proposal not to hear any ape out there who cannot tell his monkey from his shadow.

~John Titor
Mad world where have you been god?
Oof
I figure the polar bear is next
No not the polar bears!!! I’m gunna be so upset
There's so many of them that are endangered.
That’s horrible for our planet that we can’t protect the animals that share it with us.
Maybe if u work ur charm on some human beings it will be great thanks
"Nothing can happen without god's permission" ... It's on the bible. The earth needs a new god. #badadministration @TheTweetOfGod
The first thought that pops into my head is "Can't we get Barbra Streisand to pay to clone him"? Cause seriously - she apparently has money to burn and connections to a lab who can do it.
Is that the last one left in the wild? Are there any in captivity?

.......sad 
Now all very worried. Hypocrisy. Why have we allowed the savage mistreatment of virtually all species on earth at the hands of us humans? And we still have the ridiculousness of thinking about going out into outer space! We are a plague!
Daddy, I'm having fun.... make a law that I can keep killing endangered animals

Absolutely so sad. Mankind hasn’t learned much it appears.
Polar bears? Really? That'll take quite awhile, but okay
It won't make a difference by telling humanity on social media but teach them lessons, show them consequences

Sidhdhrsji@gmail.com
Thakor. Sidhdhraji. D.
There are still two females!

That sucks..
Let's clone 2 of him. One for each female.
This is truly sad.
I agree
God's Plan
Please go after mosquitos before you do Polar Bears oh mighty one... hate those little shits.
You'd think making an animal that is so horny would help it procreate a little more often...
I think you mean look out humans here I come
This makes me sad that tRump supporters won’t get to shoot one now.
#RETWEEET 
Oh yeah. A world full of death and suffering was totally our idea...
Depressing news. 

@Jihyo_Bias
Thanks to the people who support the black market in Rino horn.

rip
Why did you create Humanity at the first place?  Or was it a mistake?
So sad
so sad we are a horrible species
:( 
Northern? They wouldn't be extinct if they were living in the North of England.
Another one bites the dust
I TOOK THIS PHOTO IN ZIMBABWE 1993.

I WILL BE FOREVER GRATEFUL THAT I GOT TO SEE THIS WHITE RHINO WITH HER BABY. 

I’M SO SAD THAT FUTURE GENERATIONS WON’T BE ABLE TO EXPERIENCE THE SAME JOY.
1000s of species...
1 planet...
Only 1 can survive!!
Damn.
Unlikely. The polar bear population is increasing.
That is so sad, the northern White rihnos survieves Million of years of Evolution, but they canot survive the most brainless ainimal on earth, the mankind. Thats makes me sad and very angry, that my "breed" killed again an innocent and wonderfull creature. And for what?!
Nature still has us beat, although are total ignorance has me convinced we can catch her
ॐSRI RAM,ॐ,First of all,the organ of speech was brought forward.Speech is foremost among all organs,because it is the best medium of Self---expression.Further,speech is better instrument to sing the holy udgitha than the other organs.ॐ
Don't you think human species deserve to die. Even in our most innocent acts, we are harming something beautiful.
Oh wait, it's called living.
Did they save any sperm, for the 2 females remaining?
Take me with you, last male white rhino!
Whats s going in this world

Next: Orange Orangutang
Yeah because every single lifeform on Earth should live for eternity. Everybody knows that.
well fuck.
Ha, they're all on a long boat to England.

I love u dad
Fuck up god. Nothing to do with me.  I didn't kill any of them
Can they clone him?? 
But u do everything for a supposed reason so .........
Not everything goes your way
Our best hope is by listen to @s8n 

U don't think do u?
Thanks
My God, we are messing this world up so badly.
Or Bengal tigers...
You couldn't have stopped it?! 

Sorry God, we'll take it from here. - love, Scientists
God , I know you're busy keeping trump from making a mess of things. But if you have a spare moment I'm afflicted with a bald patch.
Oh and please increase the number and the hunger of the Polar Bears, that could make for an entertaining weekend. Amen.
Humanity didn’t do this. African poachers and over-zealous trophy hunters did.
Couldn't find a female??
Wish there was a hate option... cuz this is so true & I hate it!
I hate humans
So the dinosaurs are where?
Everywhere, gators, great whites, shall I continue? If you're talking about them jurassic park Tom foolery creatures, there was this event that happened a long time ago with some sky boulders, like 3 to 4 weeks ago. My info might be slightly off.
what makes it hurt a little more was trump lifting the banned on wildlife trophies
earlier in the month
Nice
Where’s my gun?

@diefreche123 oh nein schau mal er meint Eisbären sind als nächstes dran. :-(
Ja, das ist wirklich traurig 


Can’t you just like snap your fingers and use god mode commands to bring them back? Or are you more content to sit back and watch while silently judging us?
God, may I call you God?  Who’s more powerful you, or Mother Nature?   Asking for a friend.
Shit, God, WE'RE NEXT!
No problem b0ss, any time...

and the world didn't notice among all the discord 
This makes my heart sad 
That's the problem ?Humanity doesn't play on a team! So divided!
The origin of humanity came from them...
Yes yes
Shhh no pls
@CBC @liberal_party you had me dead white male
#BlameKeppler
Fucking shocking....
My heart breaks when I read this... So much pain and loss in the world right now.
The human species must become extinct.
Very sad day
Well this is surprising....God tweeting that is...lol
Why don’t you use some of yer magic powers to help out? Or are ye gonna wait fer me to put my hands together and ignore me?
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
