Is that why you gave us trump?  I would have preferred an asteroid or a good old fashioned flood.
Sign me up for the flood
He said he wouldn't flood again. He didn't say he wouldn't do anything else to us.
everyone knows the world ends with fire this time
If I’m gona go out, I’m going out on a boat in the water eating a ham sandwich.
Only here to comment that your Twitter name is lit as hell!!!
Cheers mate. U should try it
Your son nailed it...oh I'm so sorry.
Enjoy Hell, my son.
That's where you two sent all the fun people
That's actually true. I spend most of my nights out down there.
I finally heard the voice of Jesus! My parents are going to be so thankful and relieved! Get ready for the best bloody sacrifice you've ever received in your infinite existence.
You sent him on a suicide mission and now it’s OUR fault???
Exactly. “Go ahead, son,” you said, “this will fix everything.” At least, that’s the way your sheep tell it.

WHY ARE YOU ONLY FOLLOWING JUSTIN BEIBER
Cuz that guy really needs god
And dad is a d-bag.
Is OK, he returns on Monday...! Cheeky little git, probably wasn't dead, just got lucky with some gal from Galille.....!!!
See, everything works out OK in the end, was just a jolly jape 
He came back on Monday, so really he gave up his weekend  
I know, drama queen or what?
Is there a statute of limitations on this? 2000 years? I mean, Jesus! Literally!
Hell,literally, u try it?
Pope just decided there is no hell. Where is the world supposed to go in a hand-basket now?
Pope,human+ most Christians follow God's words only...
God's words? You mean that book written by humans, and edited and translated by humans? I'll risk it.
You forgot to mention "amended" by male humans (including at least one "pagan") multiple times.
He only died for a weekend!

You try it, Marq, and tell me how good it feels.
...only if I'm insured JC :)

Jesus died for my sins so I make sure to sin hard everyday or else he died for nothing
Just hell 4 u? $ucker,I'm heavenly by saving my Soul,easy as giving ur heart to God, Jesus, he'll love u,be still + listen, I did + I'm forgiven, quickly, what more can l want?
Could you please say that again in English. I have no idea what you mean.
@NikMax9 tweets are clearly the rantings of a man who spent an entire week in the desert, high on peyote, being molested by a man who whispered "can you feel Jesus's love burning inside you?" the whole time. Shit like that breaks a man
Ha, smoking weed hippie?, rantings of pagan rambling along demonic dreams of humans being their own god's but when you die there's nothing... A desperate, hopeless ,mess,like animals.. No,we are born in God's image with everlasting life, what a cool future for mankind?
He came back three days later. He gave up his weekend for our sins.

Might be my favorite @TheTweetOfGod tweet ever
It’s definitely in the top 10.
You sound cross
Ah c'mon - we buy chocolate eggs! Surely that means something?
Child Support guilt,  asking for a friend of the court
Hmmm I never considered that an issue before... He always got us where we needed to go...and back...
He still owe back child support, but he's a great guy
You sent him to do that because you couldn't forgive us without it. Bad parenting, man.
He died for two days I’ve had hangovers longer than that lol
Lmao me too
Is that why you unleashed @realDonaldTrump on the world? Payback?
@TheGoodGodAbove had nothing to do with Trump. Pretty sure @s8n is responsible.
. You may be right
Dave Grohl is best devil. @RealTenaciousD for life.
Lmao! They got no logic
Dude you LET IT HAPPEN...
U sent him. Blame yourself. Lucky ur son dsnt have daddy issues
I'm the Jesus of daddy issues, actually.
Looks like ain't gonna be #GoodFriday after all. Fix your shit  by Sunday. Jesus gotta be back in the dungeon before that. And please  put some clothes on this time around.
K, Dad - since you've put me in charge of calling out hypocrisy, I'm gonna hafta buzz you. YOU CHOSE to have me die for their sins. You coulda just said, "I forgive y'all, and here's your New Covenant." YOU decided to consecrate it with a homoerotic snuff porn starring your Son.
I don't forgive either. Jesus holds grudges.
Consider having another? This time a daughter. She won’t fall that shit son did.
To be fair  I'm sinning as much as possible to make his sacrifice worth it.
That’s appreciation right there!
but allegedly, he rose again. so technically he just sacrificed his weekend. 
Nailed it!

God Love's you now, so don't go to 
hell! Unlikely if he Save's you? God+ Me same eternal way! Happy Day's!
Which god? There have been over 3000 over the millennia.
Jesus, only true God, great ur converted now, c u @ heavenly gates, I'll put a good word in for u,ur not so bad,ha

@sagittarian1280
Right? It doesn’t make any sense lol

.@DailyPratchett *SQUEAK*
If he'd pulled that stunt 1500 years later he'd have been dunked for being a witch. He got off lightly IMHO 
No because the fraidy cats wouldn't have had the church & church dogma to hide behind... However, I really should look into that alternate timeline...
It's an interesting point though eh 
Fyi: innocents were dunked in water. Then either burned, buried alive, hung or beheaded if the wrong judge was in Court.
I know, the very definition of damned if you do and damned if you don't 
Yup In past lifetimes, I've been burned more than once. During the English Inquisition (& later witch hunts) & both Spanish Inquisitions & other times

There's another time, too, but that's because I was the wife of a Nordic Chief who died. So glad they abolished that practice :)
Your own brilliant plan though.
God, I pray that the delicious irony of your tweet is lost on no one
Well it was your daft idea!
Was it really a sacrifice if that was the plan all along?

Never trust a babysitter.
i thought it would be funny if the original easter was on april 1
Dad? is that you...
Hey, I didn't vote for him.
Sad emoji face
God Love's you (+ u following demonic life)? Maybe forgive yourself+ repent? He will love u back+ save your eternal Soul! We all know eternal Soul =  forever, right? what me ?
Hahahaha! When I pick my favourite fictitious character I tend towards Kilgore trout.  Thanks for the laugh though.
Hell, joke now, not
Do or do not. There is no try- Yoda.
Three days in the Jerusalem suburbs is a death?  
Try two weeks in the Catskills. Now that's dying.

And I won't forget you let Paul meet Trump on the road to Demascus.
Did Trump tell him to go forth bigly and deliver the good word of covfefe?
Not my fault. Wasn’t born until one thousand, nine hundred and Sixty years after it happened.
Is that with or without calcing in Gregory's miscalculations?
U still mourning into that? Even after more than 2 thousand years? U are one bored fella. Get a hobby God go out and socialize.
ahahhahahahahhahahahahah
He said, "Take this cup away from me", but you insisted! How mean!
If Judas didn't betray Jesus, today wouldn't be a public holiday and I wouldn't get to skip school...so what gives?
Uhm most christians would be jewish. Hello passover
Or pagans. Hail Odin!
Technically, I still hadn't sinned back then.
That throws the whole forgiveness thing in the shitter.
Didn't you send him/yourself here for the sole purpose of allowing him/yourself to be sacrificed to yourself to forgive our sins in order protect us from yourself?
Is he your Son ?
I mean they don't value you they call him God 
So basically God died so basically who's tweeting
Technically it was you who died, well at least for Catholics.
Tell your son to mind his own business 
My son died for your sins and I’ll never forgive you bastards for that. #GoodFriday
everyone into the eternal lake of fire, now!
Bitch had it coming.
I don't understand what it means to die for sins...what has changed since then? The sins are forgiven? There are no more sins? The world is a better place?!
I see what your problem is. You expect this to make sense.
Fine. But without us sinners,  that kid wouldn't have had a job. Just sayin. Besides, he gets to fly and everything now. Sheesh.
What in your name did you send him down here for?! Being all knowing you knew in advance what was going to happen! Ya big meanie!
And don’t forget that Easter Sunday is also April Fool’s day.
I could also be the birth date of jesus and not the day he died
I’m more aiming for, “Jesus never rose from the dead.”
But he came back, so he really only sacrificed his weekend for us?
So that is why we work for the weekend. And the beasties boys faught for our right to party. So we must do this shit up Good!
I thought Jesus got better, walked out of that tomb and went elsewhere to live for the rest of his life.  Got remarried and had babies too. Pretty good carpenter. Refused to build crosses.
He was dead for like 36 hours. Geez (us).
Yeh but he came back 3 days later. So he really only gave up his weekend for us.
And he became the first zombie so let’s call it even?
Um... You didn't lift a finger to save his life, from what I've read.
Catholic guilt is real. I mean jesus’ death is called Good Friday. So messed up.
You set a poor example with all  your Old Testament vengeance
But...wasn't that your idea?
Curtesy of @WhispersNewsLTD 
So there is no God for the next two days. Yay let’s go and sin harder so God has no record of it
It wasn't me 
You had to have seen that coming.
And you also gave us DT.  That's enough payback, thank-you-very-much.
I can tell my mum honestly that I take great pleasure in reading the word of god every day. She’s happy. I’m happy. Everyone wins.
guys no 
 
But also he demanded from you to forgive their sins for what they do to Jesus.... Accept that..!!

You need more sons for the amount of sinning we do

Facebook you / Real you :v
You're welcome.
@ftu01
عالیه این بابا.
ااا ایرانی پیدا کردم اینجا 

Ahhh but he came back to life two days later right so stop your fucken bitching #goodfriday
If we are all your children, God, what makes Jesus so special?
This is a disgusting tweet.
I second that! As well as sickening!!
Always felt that your son was a tad entitled.
Right?  Turns water into wine, stays celibate... WTF?  Someone is hiding a bloodline, I'm sure of it.

Forgive and forget, hypocrite
@realDonaldTrump #iagree #GoodFriday2018 #goodfriday @RoflGandhi_
Didn't you make him do it?
You'd be better served being pissed that they immediately ignored the reason for the sacrifice, and they still use the old Testament doctrine he died to put an end to, and the murders that have been carried out in his name.  This bastardization will destroy us in the end. #sad
a perfect tweet, like unto a complete microcosm in and of itself
Dude, that was, like, 2,000 years ago.
Hey, wait a minute! You mean the "forgive them Father for they know not what they do" speech was just theatrics?  Man you're  changin the rules faster than that water inro wine thing.
I bet you wish you had spun this whole immaculate conception yarn with a girl in the staring role instead. She would have seen RIGHT THROUGH Judas.
I really need to sin more. You know, just to make it worth Jesus’s while.
Hang on fella. Who invented sin? Hmmm?  you must think we were born (again) yesterday
Trump's President.  We're even.
He might be ok by Monday, you’ll see 
But then you gave us trump. I'd say you still owe us... #SorryNotSorry
Do you hate your eternal life?
Thanks for the eggs and chocolate tho
Isn't it you are your son too and some rubbish holy spirit???
You backed  the wrong species.
And now man is dying for the sins of religion want to half a egg with me ?
You're alright, he'll be back in a couple of days.
I love you, @TheTweetOfGod....
Heavenly father ur utterances are bad for business in our line of work.
You mean your son who thinks he’s Jesus ?
I don't see what the problem is when he's with you.
Hey, God!  We are what you made us to be!
Technically he only died for the weekend....
He's not dead he owns a ice cream shop called sweet jezus.
Touchy!
Burn all .. but first to @realDonaldTrump
fair enough
MY SINS? I wasn't even born then. FFS get over it you vindictive old coot! :-p
Your son is you. 
You impregnated a woman so that you could be born to save us from what you'd do to us if we didn't listen to you.
To cool off you can just go ahead and kill some innocent babies like the olden days.
Look on the bright side - you'll have him home for the next couple of days
Tweet (and comments) are sacrilegious .. but hilarious at the same time. (I know I know .. I'm going to hell in a hand basket but I'll be sure to say hello to @realDonaldTrump for y'all)


The bread in your church sucks!!
Heftig verhaal dat telkens weer even aan de oppervlakte komt drijven. Alsnog toch sterkte er mee, ook al heeft het nu een plaats misschien.
Dat krijg nooit een plaats, maar geeft me wel een drive om sarcastisch te blijven en te kunnen lachen om dingen waar mensen zich druk om maken. 

Dat is ook leuk.

OMG! I laughed so hard I could barely tweet. 

@TheTweetOfGod  If jesus died because of our sins, then why we are still suffering??.
So god please send another son for our sins again
Wow! God, so Jesus Christ is your son. But his followers call him God. who's the father Biko.
Let's be honest. He gave up one weekend.  I'm not impressed
You’re god. I’m pretty sure you could have changed that if you wanted. 

Stop blaming us for your laziness.
Damn! You are not secular!
I thought God to be a secular guy.
But Alas! It's an Orthodox Old Man.
To be fair, you could have just forgiven us without going through the whole Jesus rigmarole
JESUS DID NOT DIE ON EASTER YA FLOOK
Aren’t you your own son so you were the one who died. I don’t understand that book of yours. Maybe you should create a sequel
wat kinda God wants revenge / doesnt forgive. 
It was Your idea.

Patti Smith: ur-un, not mine.
Hey I’m God there’s no room for two of us step down your fake.
It’s ok, I don’t believe in you anyway. But, staying angry is bad for your health, chill man!
We're so ungrateful God
He was back after three days, so technically, not really dying.
Sins still being comitted, quite proudly too.
It's a very sad time when we should be together but we're more divided.
C’mon, he was yelling at you the whole time, Father why have you forsaken me, and you squat.
Jokes on you - I never took the bait.
But then he came back to life, so it didn't count.
Evident
I ain't looking for your forgiveness
I wouldn't worry about it as the devious little bastard was faking it for a few days in order to get over his hangover
But why did You abandon him?
HAHAHA!!!!  This is excellent 
I call bullshit.
@jsemczyszyn
My God! You sent him to die. All by your lonesome!
Tried to believe in you but Derby are getting humped 4-1 #couponbuster
It was necessary trust me He double checked with You – at The Place Where The Gerbils Go To Die
Your son did not have to die...you could have simply done away with sin.....
Yeah and your only begotten son to!
Admit it, he was Thor's
But he went to hell for it they never tell u that bit .... the harrowing of hell comes  in days the between the death and resurrection 
U might want to consider couciling for your boy cuz u sent him to help i mean there grounding some one and then there's hell

@JennferSwens
Fawk, I laughed out loud at this! #RemoveTheStoneOfShameAttachTheStoneOfTriumph @TheSimpsons
Spoken by the most absent father ever.
You created us which makes you complicit. Enjoy hell with the rest of us 
If you didn't want him to die, then why'd you make him mortal to begin with?
He died so the candy maker “Peeps” could live.
Totes got nailed on Friday 
#GoodFriday
#BestFriday
Did you not plan for us to kill your son in the first place because you could not forgive anyone including kids for sins Adam and all their ancestors did?
He didn't die for our sins. He just gave up his weekend for our sins. Beware Jesus fellas,That guy is shady as fuck
Hey.  Why did u tell ppl tell ppl that I was a Man when in fact you split the stump yourself. Or was that Jehovah?  Asking  for an Ancient Alien theorist friend.
That’s awesome!! 
Yeah, well....your wifi signal sucks.
That's not fair. After all you created the Romans. So, don't blame the rest of us!

LOL
Sorry, they actually aimed at you
YOUR SON SAVED GOD !
Bbbrrraaaaaaiiins
0n second thought, you're right. Sorry. $20 cover it?
Jesus is not the son of God

:(
Dude that’s not what he said. You two need to get your stories straight
Sorry, god
Kill him again to atone for your sins 
We'd do it again in a hot second.
Free will. He has noone to blame but himself.
rise and shine
Quit being an uppity Twatt. You flooded the earth when you stopped paying attention for five minutes.  Five minutes, dude. Then you blamed the whole thing on us. I’m glad I don’t believe you.
But this whole fucking mess was your idea!
My bad
I KNEW IT!!!!!
#SamHinkie
Thanks for taking one for the team, God.
Wasn't that the whole plan!?? Your plan to be precise!?
Perhaps it was.  ... But a painful one that had to be done
Your son has move on. Today he signed a contract with AEK F.C
It never happened. Work of fiction #asyouwere
Blasphemy and mockery gets over 5.2k likes? Unreal!!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
