Love this thought.
Can we just delete "one hour from" from that tweet?
lmfao not a bad idea

Please Dhift + Delete Narendra Modi from the Indian administration 
Please Shift + Delete Narendra Modi from the Indian administration 
Hopefully he'll be gone before Fall Back.
God
Can you make it so we don't have to add it back later? Please.
Please God if I'm very good can you delete Trump now and for ever more? Amen

#lovetrump
Can we please take 2 years off?
@MATTHARDYBRAND Whatever your political beliefs, I just thought this was AMUSING, YES!

#DaylightSavings Time is OVAH!
I don’t think it worked
Yes please! Actually all the hours!
Thank you God’
Best hour all year.


Unfortunately we have to add it back in the fall.
Proof that God is the first and ultimate spin doctor.  But - good one!
God, what else do you do other than tweeting to make this world a better, safer and adorable place.
Oh when it comes it’s going to be one big BOLT. Joker...Sure and swift. Because it’s being done meticulously and in the right way. Tick-tock tick-tock tick-tock.
Thereby,deletes one hour from your life.
sir the people did 59 mins I saw that I was there
Hour...fuck that!! Day...or week PLEASE

Hah! 
Do so please. Make it the WHOLE administration.
WHAT?!?!?!?!?!? HOW DARE YOU
It's a great thought, but I live in Arizona, does that mean I am stuck with him for an hour longer?
THIS MAN IS A FRAUD GOD DOES NOT TAKE SIDES UNFOLLOWED SHAME ON YOU SIR
Haaaaaaa Thank God
Good news! Thank you God!
What's the point? He's only going to slip it back in again in November
If you were the real god you werent this ridiculous
Good Idea. But I Suggest you move digits. At 1am, delete two hour from that.
But they get it back in the Fall.
I like that theory, but he will have to leave office before November. Otherwise, we have to give it back to him.
Wow God has a Twitter? Awesome
God is a human concept, not a reality!
Sorry, your Omniscience - in Your United Kingdom we must wait another fortnight before gladly doing that.
Tweet
Thank you Lord.
Only if you promise not to give it back.
@LezBeHonest44
Sure, but we have to give it back in the fall.
Except in Arizona 

Thank you God
@TheTweetOfGod Gladly!! How do I delete the rest of the hours??
You make my day 
Quit picking on Trump, better him than that lying witch hillary on her broomstick. Maybe if democrats would pick a better candidate in 2020.
YAAAAAS
Go to bed God. You got to be at 7am Mass. Don't let the monks forget coffee and donuts for the 9am, 10:30 and Noon Mass.
Dear god ,  I would like to back in time a delete a whole years worth of trumps administration. Amen
MOVE THE CLOCKS FORWARD TO 2021  AND HE IS DEAD AND GONE...
@JIMBABWAY said it first!

Thank you, God.
1 hour doesn't seem enough. You're god, any chance you can do one of your miracles and remove these idiots from our minds?
(Might wanna work on those people that thought voting for him was a sane plan)
God, what happens if I live in a time zone that doesn't switch the clock time?
But they get it back in October, so what’s the point?
Ha.
Note: This only works if Trump is out before the fall. C’mon Mr. Mueller.
God, you’re awfully political. Almost as if you’re man-made
Since all of America is deleting an hour, is that enough to make it to 2020???

I LOVE @realDonaldTrump !!!!!! #TrumpTariffs
Trump-Kim summit already happened, God. We were there:
Won’t matter when he grabs a second term #MAGA2020
God take your responsibilities and act... Stop talking 
In the fall, can we not have to add it back?
This is the only way DST makes any sense to me.
I’ll take it!!
Can we delete the whole time in wh???????
I think 2 am tomorrow is when that Trump -Un meeting is scheduled.
Not enough God.
Bam! Fam!
So dear God, I suppose that statement makes you a pissed off Liberal?   I no longer believe in you.  Bye
@2themoonalyce lolol
Is there any way to delete all of it tho?
Can't you please delete his twitter account while you're at it?
God created man, God created, Trump. Nice job.
Gives us our hour back!! ;)
Lol
But trump will not
Will do. Thanks, @TheTweetOfGod
Ok...but am giving it back in 6 months
Thanks for the reminder God!
What about those of us in the Southern Hemisphere who have to “fall back” and gain an hour of it? 
like the #GOPTaxScam, it will have to be paid back, and it will be the producers of the world who do so, alas.
God, damn you, can’t you do something about Frankendrumpf, just asking....
How about 14 months?
Thank God.
Seems to me instead of calling it "Daylight Savings" it should be called "Daylight Spending" because I'm losing an hour! Another exercise in futility.
And please, for Your sake, don't ever give it back!
Gladly! !!
Oh thank you God. Ctrl+alt+del @realDonaldTrump
Can you make him be gone before we have to give it back to him in the fall?
Haha hahahah

What is one hour when he has 7 years left.
MEGA Trump2020.
Not a bot.
Whoot!
You can only blame yourself for creating Trump, God....major DNA mutation and malfunction!
“You twit”— time doesn’t exist ; shouldn’t you already know this?
Can we just set our clocks ahead to November?
Please Dear God, take #45 away from us ASAP!!! We don't need him...your faithful servant!
We deleted 8 hours from the Hussein Clusterf*ck and have 6 more to go for God Emperor Trump's Renaissance.
Yes! Thank you God!
You can do better than that, G_d!
Oh thank god!
Can you by mistake delete a full year instead?
can we pick which hour?
“Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.” - Douglas Adams
Thank you, God. Love your context!

Make it a year please!
God...dude...please tell me that you didn’t create Trump in your own image. We may have to rethink this whole religion thing.
This is stupid
Well, finally an upside to the stupidity that is daylight saving time.
So, if we all do it?
I will, but let's not add it back in the fall.
Hate clouds reason.
That’s very likely true. But I’m new to this hate thing (and I hate it).
Then don’t get sucked in. It’s all common sense and you don’t have to hate the ones you disagree with.

You're a fucked up god!

So that’s why Arizona got rid of daylight savings time.
Lol
Thank you God!

Can’t we just delete the whole thing?
Let's hope he's gone before it changes back.
But please don’t add it back in the Fall.
God made me in his image, obviously. Hammered. Love Him.
From your mouth....
Thank god.
Lol
A step in the right direction.
So with tbat extra hour of sunlight the paint will begin to peel off my house 
Unfortunately, we have to give it back in the fall :(
Rofl, I like that. I'd like to delete the next three years from the Trump administration.
I loved that so much I exploded laughing uproariously through my apartment. I'm sure my neighbor thinks I'm insane. lol
I chuckled. This administration is going to be the death of the US.
Yeah, about that daylight savings time thing...... Can we get rid of that or even better stick with it all year round?
Please sir, may we have more?
Please don’t give it back in the fall.
Let's hope for #impeachment over the summer... so we don't have to add one back on in the fall.
anything u say sire.
I am interviewing @heavenlyrecs – at Water Still
Happily!
So that means he will be out before November???? If not he'll get that hour back.
How about we do that every day...
Sure when you delete the entire previous one.
Hey that's a copied tweet god
Unfollow human
Thank you, Lord!

If only we can delete a lot more hours.....
I love you so much ~
Can we just delete the “administration?” #facepalm
Wow dude, you're like, so liberal and, like, sooooo American. I thought your God was bigger than that.
Can we make it a year?
Good news is that we get to add one in the fall.
Just one???
Lol so butthurt!
if we wait til 3, can we delete 2 hours?
Good Idea. But....I Just Want To Erase Him Altogether!
Mueller got dat
Phew I panicked, the clocks in the U.K. don’t change until the 25th
In Europe we can do it for 2 more weeks
Thanks for that God
The evangelicals say "God" made Trump president, did you?
But he gets it back in November.
And then give it back in the Fall!
lol
The day just got a little better! #ImpeachTrump  @AmberRhea5
Ya know. You could do more. Little divine elbow grease.
Can we do this on a daily basis?
Just remind the US-government to impeach him before the hour is returned.
Finally! A reason to like daylight savings.
Yes, O Lord! 
I like the cut of your jib. 
Thank you

Tx God
But in the fall it will be added back on.

Can it be the hour he was elected!? 
Maybe he will shit at the wrong time I mean tweet
Thanks be to God
Here's wishing we didn't have to give it back later ...
2am...is that before or after?
Please couldn’t we just delete the whole thing forever
I delete 24 every day.
This is one of your biggest fails. Can’t you just get the earth to turn at a consistent pace and angle relative to your Sol.
Oh, @rgchernick - I might have missed this if it wasn't for you. Made my day!
LOL! Thanks! I really liked it too
:) shud we do him tonite
Ok, but please don't make us give it back in the fall.
My pleasure
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
