prepare for people to use this as "proof" that muslims are evil without noticing all the horrible things the bible says
More Muslims actually act on these things written in "holy" books than other religious people!
 Stop watching right wing propaganda news.
So Taliban, JUD, LeT and many more organisation are just, as Rahul Gandhi says, our "state of mind?"
oh the terrorists and bad people exist
but they don't represent islam at ALL
the nazis dont represent christians
mike pence doesnt represent catholocism
what makes ISIS and Taliban any different?
Really????? Are you 100% certain that this twitter account is not God? Prove it.
Three factor identification: the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, worx.
That sounds more like identity theft. Or schizophrenia...
Careful God!! You might get beheaded for this!!
EXCERPT FROM THE WORLD'S SECOND-MOST POPULAR MORAL CODE

"The punishment of those who wage war against Allah and His messen…
Let's appreciate God's tweet calling spade a spade.
Religion of peace.
Piece piece
"Go to hell, I'm not real!" - @TheTweetOfGod
Would have been nice if God himself didn’t lie. And posted a wrong self made paragraph from Quran. Quran 5:33 condemns killing. It says if you save one human life it’s equal to saving the entire humanity and vice versa.
Muslims dismiss the mountain of evidence saying the magical word, "out of context."
So, basically, people are as horrible as the Gods they have made up.
What about your Bible?
He posted that before this. All holy books are trash in regards to morality.
I didn't read all holy books but these lines are certainly trash.
Another one written by a man? #justasking
It defintely is becauSe thats is not what the quran says. The twittergod does not have the strength to fact check things before posting.
I just looked it up it does say that
Also the only logical punishment for those who put pineapple on pizza.
Old fairy tales that's all they are
It's funny you skip the verse preceding this one.....and is there any teaching in any religion or secular education or school of thought where it says if someone attacks you with the intent to take your life - you do not defend yourself?
We will not believe your fake news! against our real God!
Whoa whoa... My flying spaghetti monster God is the REAL God, not your fake God. Gawd....
Ramen 
All religions are cults and well funded hate groups.
If you wanted to use the worst aspects of anything, you could say that about any group you like: theists, atheists, political parties, countries - point is terrible people are everywhere, I find it better to love rather than hate.
Those who want to rape the govt with their myths are not filled with love.
I don’t really understand what you mean, but people can be and are religious and loving. It’s the people that are hateful, regardless of religion that we need to be aware of. And, from your partisan language, you might be one of them.
Yup
I hate nazis and bigots.
Your opinion is irrelevant to me.
“...or they get no Happy Meal and we will go straight home mister!”
just check the excerpts from the third most popular moral code. You will be amazed by the ideas.
You forgot Quran 5:32 where it says “If anyone killed a person not in retaliation of murder or (and) to spread mischief in the land it would be as if he killed all humankind and if anyone saved a life it would be as if he saved the life of all humankind”
“God does not forbid you to be kind and equitable to those who have neither fought against your faith nor driven you out of your homes. In fact God loves the equitable.” Qur’an:60:8
[2:190] “Fight for the cause of God, those who fight you, but do not transgress, for God does not love the transgressors.”
Wow, some of the most peaceful passages I have ever read. If you don't think that passage is peaceful, you are probably taking it out of context. You see murder, crucifixion and maiming are all metaphors.
It isn't peaceful it says to kill them that is not a metaphor
OOPS, I don't think my sarcasm came through all the way. #itwassarcasm
Oh my bad there are people here who say it is peaceful so my bad
Yeah, saying it's peaceful is absurd. CHEERS.
No Abrahamic religion is a religion of peace. But I'm sure that's the point of this series of tweets.
At least it's on opposite ends.....
That's quite strangely specific about the alternate hand/foot removal - a left hand and a right foot, or right hand and a left foot. Does the victim get to choose?
Do you like fatwas?
Is that some type of food?
Yes. Halal
To be honest, Vishnu is the only actual cool god. He got HIS kids a Sega Genesis when they asked for it. The rest of the gods are pretty much all narcissistic shits.
Best thing I read on twitter today!
god is racist! :-)
Is anyone actually waging a war against said mythical being?
It means non believers
Im a non believer and im not waging a war against anything
But that's how Muhammad saw it
Did he tho?
Yeah his last words were cursing Jew's and Christian's because he thought them his enemy
I was suggesting maybe he never even existed...

Of he did or didnt what he said we dont know.

All we have is a book saying a bunch of nonsense.
I agree im just saying what i know from the book
contextual understanding perhaps is not your strong suit so please spread Peace.

another excerpt: whoever kills a soul unless for a soul or for corruption – it is as if he had slain mankind entirely. And whoever saves one – it is as if he had saved mankind entirely.
--Quran 5:32
Quoted out of context.
We really have a serious problem in terms of understanding only parts of verses without understanding the full meaning
The price to pay for putting ‘a stone in your yard and bowing down to it’ (do altars, shrines, mausoleums, statues, gravestones or stone churches count?} and not observing Sabbaths is harsh:

#atheism #bible #cheerypicking #Christians
What no virgins?
The above verse was revealed concerning some people from UKIL who came to Madinah, ate some food and later in the day murdered and robbed an innocent shepherd, 1400 years ago. The criminals tortured and then literally butchered this innocent man to pieces....
I know all your alto egos God it is me Noel have i been forgotten in prison time
You’re getting a little bit carried away times have changed in the last 2000 years some of this is relevant but most is not anymore
'only'??
Skydaddy fight!
Actually it is quite considerate of them to cut the feet off the opposite side of the chopped off hand.
That way you can still hold the crutch to walk on your pirate peg leg.
 #ArghAllah
Here is one from Dredd:
"God is not the law, I am the law! And the sentence is death!"
David wtf are u angling for Maher's job?
Great if you want to run in circles
@TheClowez I don’t know what’s more amusing the first bit or the second 
Aaaaand here come the racists...
Really; racists? It's religion not a race... Get the terminology right
Opposite sides...makes sense.
At least you can use a cane then. If they cut off your right hand and right foot, pretty hard to get around.
The surprising fact though is tue number of people seeing this verse as a verse encouraging violence when all its is saying that whoever wages war and works on hurting and assaulting allah and messenger and hurting muslims should get punished.
It didnt say any thing about hurting muslims! If you dont believe in Allah or Mohammad you waged war against Allah and Mohammad not by hurting any one! Please dont  change the religion!
Well how is one to be able to do corruption in land except by harming people
No! In Islam you do corruption in land by not believing in Allah or by being gay or drinking alcohol or sleeping with lots of women or ...  not just harming people physically there are many ways the Islam counts you a corrupt person
Wby don't you remember anything from the old Testament? It says similar awful things.
τα 2 προηγούμενα τουίτ του ήταν για τη Βίβλο.
Αν ειναι ετσι πασο
I m just sick of religion and going to temples and all . For me to be good is to help the needy ones . I know if I have to be judged after my life in above .mmit should not be by my faith in God ,it should be by how I make some good change in smone needy life
Haha lol as if the hindu scriptures say anything to this effect. Just bcs popular evangelising religion spew hatred against those of other religion u r hating on ur own religion? What sort of logic is that?
I m not hating my religion I just don't believe in that and so many god's in our religion .. yeah there might be one supreme power .. and our religion is not that great where a cows has more important life then a human respecting the life of his own brother or sister
Opposite sides... 
Indeed, thinking maybe 1 of the author’s hands got lost in translation?
Is it hand and foot cut off on opposite sides... or hands and feet cut off but each cut off like starting from left/right and righht/left... i think it’s the latter
 Do you think the victims are allowed to choose in which order the punishment is handed down?
I think the executioner handles the order... the victim only decides on which family member foots the bill of the execution
Oh yes, you won that argument ‘hands down’
The real purpose is to indicate that for any of those who live in the Islamic realm to attempt to overthrow the Islamic order is the worst kind of crime, for which any of the highly severe punishments may be imposed.
Btw what is the punishment in USA for treason. Death.
The previous verse 5:32 Allah says : Whoever kills one person, merits punishment as if he had slain all the men in the world. So most of western haters quote 5:33 without context.
https://twitter.com/TheTweetOfGod/status/968202960021827584?ref_src=twcamp%5Ecopy%7Ctwsrc%5Eandroid%7Ctwgr%5Ecopy%7Ctwcon%5E7090%7Ctwterm%5E3 …

Load of crap.
EXCERPT FROM THE WORLD'S SECOND-MOST POPULAR MORAL CODE

"The punishment of those who wage war against Allah and His messen…
Father of Fake News,your Quran & peaceful religion is that,Fake
Humanity is warned you are the Father of Lies,your time is drawing near; and We
know your future 
Almighty God loves mankind and his Son Jesus paid the price 4 their sin/mistakes. 
Repent/He's Savior&Lord
And with this tweet you make more hate of muslims,Mr Almighty GOD
Bravo!
You just followed Allah's path!
People before you judge the Qur'an ,check wether it's the complete verse or properly translated.
At that time the government was rather authoritarian close to dictatorship. In fact it was dictatorship. Anything that threatened the government had to be eliminated. if u didnt agree with the governors youd die, its tragic, people chose islam, abandoned idols, they died for that
At the time it was known as a taboo to preach a different religion. Innocent women men and children were killed by those who hated Muhammad over the simple idea of “hey i see this religion as something that suits me, i believe Allah, i believe muhammad is his messenger”
It sounds quite crazy ik. But a lotta shit happened thousanda of years ago when mecca was full of people who tricked others into worshipping stones and when another religion was brought in to be peacefully taught to those who were interested, war was waged against muslims.
Wait a second here. So you wanna say someone has the right to wage war upon a whole nation for believing in a god then just go unpunished. Dude if someone just says anything about waging war against atheism and encourages people to kill and hurt atheists his life is over.
Idk why is it chance or is it just you who purposely ommitted the part in the verse after waging war against allah and his messenger  "and strive upon earth to cause corruption"
Y’all getting pissy about all of this maaann these are fake-ass excerpts from the books these tweets exist solely for comedic purpose.
God, don't make jokes about Allah.
Only that
Those are some really cool options. But only having hair on your off-hand side is kind of cruel. And unusual.
Misquoted!
your "holy" book pretty much sucks, too. "But in the cities of these peoples that the Lord your God is giving you for an inheritance, you shall save alive nothing that breathes, but you shall devote them to complete destruction...the Lord your God has commanded"
Am gonna stop you right there...The whole verse: Indeed, the penalty for those who wage war against Allah and His Messenger and strive upon earth [to cause] corruption is none but that they be killed or crucified or that their hands and feet be cut off from opposite sides or that
- they be exiled from the land. That is for them a disgrace in this world; and for them in the Hereafter is a great punishment
Hella serious stuff!
WHOA!! Don't make THEM mad!
You could find equally bloody quotes in the Bible.
Chapter 5 is Almaidah and it’s verse 33 does not quote this.
Can you be specific with your reference?
i thought u were abt spreading humour now its more abt hate !!
Wow, I forgot, as the God of Abraham, you really liked stirring the masses up. Have you mellowed out after all these years? Your followers sure haven’t.
ALLAH IS INSALLAH ALLAH
WHO LOVES  AND PROTECT WHO LOVES HIM.
Careful God, you could be mistaken as an Islamaphobe.
And people say we're crazy.
One of Your acolytes?
Why did You put this on tablets in heaven in the first place, Bonehead? Stop shooting the messenger!
Religion of peace
Harsh.
Pretty sure that’s not a quote from the Quran.
when you’re right, you’re right
Which God are you anyway?
Derived from the Abrahamic Tradition
Or more accurately, derived from the weaponised Abrahamic Tradition.
The quran is wrong, it says to kill all americans and non believers in the new one (which 80% of the country follows) dont quote the Quran if youre going to run an account about god/the bible bud, just dont

god ur killing it today
Please read from 5:32 - 5:40, pls donot play mischief pls, enuff bloodshed already with these type of tweets
Going to like that quote, as we all know “really “ that god is allah and allah is god - all the same and we all worship and feel / know the same thing..

It isn’t complicated..
Why we can’t realise is the mystery and the sadness. !

#god
#Allah
#Religions
“..an eye for an eye!”- God. Ok, let the government manufacture drugs and sell it to drug addicts and pushers until they OD and die. Or rape à rapist. Or corrupt a corrupt politician. Or be as stupid as the stupid govt asec. Can’t do. “Two wrongs don’t make one right.” - Ben Rush
You're playing dangerous game dude.... 
This is why Syrians/Palestinians etc. don’t get the world’s sympathies/compassion..
That would be the wrong god then.
Yikes

"But remember, murder is a sin, so just make sure no one's looking."
Two books one author double the royalties
You are spreading hate   
You are ...
Prophethood has ended according to islam hence no war can be waged in their names. And what you think should happen to IS and alike groups destroying this world. Second part discusses this scenario
This is hilarious! And, to be fair, you're not delivering the punch line correctly.
That punishment will make dancing and high-fiving Really tough.
and .....funny at the same time!
Real god kill and do genocide. It likes the lifeless quietness of desert .
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich    YAHWEH,  Sounds like the
Old Testament.  A lot of SMITING going on.
SMITE SMITE AMEN
Good to keep your punishment options open.
What do you think the significance of the opposite sides ?
Oh dear.
Satan points out the obvious with “ye are gods” - no wonder.
OMG!
Poor Jesus
Do you know Allah? Is he for real?
Why so serious..
Seems like a lopsided punishment.
Disgusting ideology !
[2:193] “You may also fight them to eliminate oppression, and to worship GOD freely. If they refrain, you shall not aggress; aggression is permitted only against the aggressors.”
Regardless of the explanation, I pray peace prevails throughout the world
So basically when there is war between two countries let’s say, both parties try and kill one another anyway. So if u wage war against one party, they will not blow kisses to your side ain’t it so?
Man pits himself against man , not god or allah and his messenger , so taken out of context , really isn’t it ,
#ReligionOfPieces
The opposite sides is a nice touch
Are you ok with it if we just remove “against Allah and His messenger”?
is that all?!
It must be very amusing to You to see Your enemies stumbling around on their stumps, Lord.
Or you could chance your luck with the mystery box!!
I don't know ... was 'opposite' really necessary?
It reads like a beautiful novel. If I didn know any better, I would say Tolstoy wrote it.
Get to the New Testament? What’s that one say? Just so “evangelicals” can know.
http://corpus.quran.com/translation.jsp?chapter=5&verse=33 …
On opposite side? I think we found the first written example of trolling.
Is this from Satan?
Excerpt from human’s  most popular reference source:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/God_is_dead …
Sounds like a toddler on a rampage. This shows religions suck big time.
Well, that's helpful
CONTEXT: You cut out the middle of the verse.. this was the prescribed punishment (in the 7th C AD) for the crime of wreaking anarchist havoc and destruction (desert banditry, murder, rape, looting etc) essentially equivalent today to a gang taking arms against the state.
[5:33] Indeed, the penalty for those who wage war against God and His Messenger and wreak havoc on earth is that they be killed or crucified or that their hands and feet be cut off from opposite sides or that they be exiled from the land. That is for them a disgrace in this world
[5:34] Except for those who repent before you apprehend them then you must know that Allah is Forgiving and Merciful.
Well this does mention waging "WAR" which can be interpreten in many many different ways. Depending on one's sensitivity it may be the difference betweet some wanting to kill others for just sitting there and not believing (evangelicals) and others being cool with whatever. :)
Wow!
Wow, I have to put god on the blacklist - check
"their hands and their feet should be cut off on opposite sides" I don't even understand what that's suppose to mean.
and then they will either sway the discussion away from the original topic, or call you a supremacist. Such is life these days
EXCERPT FROM THE WORLD'S SECOND-MOST POPULAR MORAL CODE

"The punishment of those who wage war against Allah and His messen…
Okay, I'll bite: What's the world's first most popular moral code?
Is it hand and foot cut off on opposite sides... or hands and feet cut off but each cut off like starting from left-to-right, then back-to-front... then right-to-left and finally front-to-back... because the latter would be hilarious in a very dark way... u know... islam...
time outs didn't exist yet
Fuckin A.
Harsh
Ouch.
I heard the new printing includes "a stint made of redwood".
Praise be.
You can still hold a crutch... ride a bicycle... eat icecream... who said religion was cruel...
Sounds like a punishment you would order
Hey I’m all for choices.
A message of peace and love
Sounds like governments
How dare you bought out fabricated truth from the book belonging to religion of piece!
4:34 is even better
Seems reasonable.
Wuv U, God! ;)  Hugs!
log off david
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
