Get off your arse then, God! Your creation needs serious maintenance.
Replying to tweet of God,when I was in my late twenties I had an out of body experience and on returning to my body I was petrified with fear but the experience was so beautiful that it change me for life now I believe in God and the after life so I would think that Trump is OUT
Ha ha ha!
Lucky bastard.

...this fully applies to #elTrumpo. #InConWeTrust.
*FULL STOP*
#ENGLISH
Yea. I know.. i have been a vic whne you dont listen to prayers.
@bajansweetbread
@vktalwarhere  check out God's own handle.
You don't excist
But Lord, surely creation is work; I mean creating something has to be described as work, or am I being too pedantic?
Lootin' time! ;D
One think you have in common with @realDonaldTrump

Well stop it and get with the program
God must be on unemployment or welfare. :)
Lol
Innit!
So glad you are back on Twitter.  Your absence was a void of chaos. However, by posting, it is work. Why the mixed messages? Stop toying with us humans. Confused atheist responding to God. Help!!!!
Thank you god for your humor!
so what she you do? Just asking
من همه روزه بیش از دوران جوانیم کار می کنم چون  اگر کارنکنم, همزمان  با قطع شدن بی امان  برق و آب و گاز و  تلفن و اینترنت و ... با starvation خواهم افتاد.
You worked for like, 6 days straight about 6,000 years ago. You deserve a break.
So... the earth is only 6000 years old?
Well, obviously.. duh!?
Is that a quote from Republicans in Congress?
@GodinNigeria
I had noticed ...
Did you know that this expression isn't from the Bible nor in harmony with what it teaches? https://wol.jw.org/en/wol/d/r1/lp-e/102015364#h=17 …
I love that God is unemployed
Someone's mad at God...
But then how do you move?
- What do you do for a living?
- Not working
Apparently according to Supernatural
..”Wisdom is darkened by unwisdom this leads them to astray”
Why is God following Justin Bieber
We all have our faults  ... yes ... even GOD
Hahaha
God....I have a question?
I actually write better, however I don't get these many RT's and likes. Is there an app. that can shift a few this side.... #JustAsking
Its always Sunday in heaven am I right.

@StellaMaeve14 PEOPLE ARE GONNA BE MAD WYDDDDD
Then shut up.
Please send people with a little extra cash to our Church 
This makes me believe in you god.
Like Trump then..
Somehow, I believe you .
Waouuh
Can you turn into a donut?
Sounds like something @rickygervais would say. Love it!
So that’s why my prayers go unanswered, thanks for clarifying @TheTweetOfGod
ah my online investie should be rolling mybye they want my money to hire more people for the firm ?
Finally you admit science is the real god...
And you're Jewish? Under new U.S. merit-based system, I'm afraid you won't be able to enter our country...
Atleast it proves that many believe u exist ..
Must be nice
You don't work anymore? Why?
I love that this account is unverified
Best. Tweet. Ever!
At least you have a social media outlet.
You are about as worthless as the GOP do nothing Congress.
@wassanalmahmoud he right !
Don't you think, it's about time you start to correct, some of the fuck-ups you created last time, you did some work....
Delete please, god bless you
Do you play Golf?
Ai bo! God......
Do you know Santa Clause?
You on DLA?
I still love the fact that you only follow @justinbieber 
Oh, if you worked, it is not a mystery, it is called Science.
The devil makes work for lazy hands my Nan used to say.

We've noticed God
Has “God” now resorted on Twitter?? Sounds like a false “god” to me... Pretending to be God but thinks very much human. Very interesting stunt. Hhhmmm 
When you don't exist there is no work to be done. Just an empty void of nothing, way it should be. Anyone who believes in you is delusional.
AMEN
I’d suggest you create an Earth Manager to look after the place for you. Then you can binge watch Game of Thrones with no concerns.
How about tweeting
Oh cool, looks like I am God too
You had one job.
“Executive time”
I see you only follow one person. Could it be Devil himself?
Question: If you’re the all powerful, why do you let humans do your dirty work?
I envy you O' Lord.
It’s good to be God, I guess.
You don’t have too, you have a franchise called church doing that for you 
We've noticed
YOU ARE A GURU. YOU
NEED NOT WORK IN A
MYSTERIOS  WAYS
BECAUSE YOUR PREACHING ITSELF  IS FOR
NAME AND FAME.
Ow my god
Come of God........it is a mystery to me how you let DJT get elected........you must have been napping on Election Day!

Seems you only ever had a part-time, temporary job anyway. Perhaps if you had been on the job a bit longer we wouldn't be in the shit we see ourselves now!
You should’ve retired earlier.
Neither do most of you believers. 
Then why did you "rest" on the 7th day?
I fired you along time ago.....
Because you don't exist.
God U live to work,  but I work to live.
But I'll stop working once U say enough is enough. 
But do U really have power for that, or r U just fake.
Oops!!!......sorry God , for a moment I thought U r Human..
Forgive me God.
What’s the plan to monetise your tweeter handle?
@Alexxxandra26 God has Spoken !!
Wise words....wise words...

You just don’t have the right consultants to help you commoditise this unique product.
Meh. Most of your jokes are funny. This one kind of missed the mark. Remember, we invented you, we can uninvent you.
His soul is free from dread of sins 
Whose mercy serveth all beings.
Because you don't exist...
You should have atleast worked out during US elections.
Nothing to do with the Super Bowl?  How do you get all the credit?
I thought being God is a full time job
Your scripts & material confirm this Javabottom.
Retired in FL?
What's your secret? Looking for a sinecure.
It took me 35 years to figure this out. Talk about an unburdening!! 
God you kill me. Wait, I mean...
@Nadim00462498
Retired after 7 days?
Slacker.
Can you throw a stroke DOLT45'S way
THAT CAN BE LIKE A HOBBIE THING
How long have you been retired? Is your retirement plan better than a 401K? Has everyone been praying to a missing god?
Nah. Your six days makes up for it
At least you tweet 
jealous
That’s why you created all your children I guess. That’s what I did too.
But how will you bless us, grace us, heal us or save us when you don't work in mysterious ways?

#asking @TriviumOfficial @matthewkheafy
Right, otherwise you would have to receive some form of payment, and who would pay you?
Yep, you're a liberal alright.
HAHA
Can you please help me pass my kidney stone?
F***g liar..evey body work even....u know
Evidently not
Wouldnt work plugged into a power point .
Damn it, Bono...quit your fooking lyin’!!
So you're  like the trump of heaven?
that's y a lot of innocent people die from evil people

My God! Your funny!
Which is a mystery as well
So long have you been retired, aka non-existent?
It's just that you used to do random, vindictive, capricious shit in biblical times and they had to justify it somehow  My ass is more mysterious than your ways.
@TheTweetOfGod Science confirms that "we're all f**ked", http://www.cbc.ca/radio/ideas/are-we-f-ked-decoding-the-resistance-to-climate-change-1.4277614 … #spn heed #God
Are u out of job 
God of leisure
The Great Cosmic Absentee Landlord 
Do you have any current job openings? The idea of not working for a job is appealing to me.
None of the better deities do.
Awesome!
U R wise , working is for slaves .
.@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
So ... You really *are* retired?
That beard is working.
The Lord works in mysterious ways, duh!
Ever thought about writing a book.
You heard it on Twitter first, folks. God is broken.
You.
I appreciate your retirement status ; but I truly need your assistance here please.  I've regained my full power and it's time to set the world right.   Love you :-)
when they totally check out but still want credit
That’s because you let us angels do all the work for you not complaining
#goals
Get a job, ya' bum!
If only @realDonaldTrump would take a note from your book and play golf the rest of his term.
Your memory sucks, God. You rested on the seventh day. If you hadn't been working, why would you need to rest?
So disappointed to discover that you, as a deity, chose to use American English to communicate with your beings. What the fuck's wrong with English English for fucks sake geez?
So if you did what’s the going rate for a god.

Do you twerk?
I don't work either. I've come to believe it is overrated.
Every day is the seventh day for you.
You had one job..
I bet it’s really off putting to have complete strangers yelling at you while they’re cumming.
The biggest crowd in the history of crowds, period!
That one 6-day work week just knocked you the fuck out I guess. They can do that.
im the only one who knows that
How come u managed to get everything done in 6 days what's your secret
Timely taco Tuesday announcement.
That's good to know. Now you have enough time to send me the numbers to this weeks mega millions drawing. 
So much for creating me in Your own image... how come then I’m the dumbass working 40h a week?!...
I understand you answer prayers. I could really use a new bath mat.
Amen.
Why do you explain all the time? Blah and blah and blah and blah... enough already
You still here?
The "consciousness" of the fabric of space would disagree with you. Just got to know how to interpret the data.
Sounds just like Trump 
You on your period, too? I wish I could take days off once a month.
You are on the galaxy welfare paid for by the Milky Way tax payer money.
Sound like my children (only joking kids, if you see this) 
Golden unemployed.
Retired from existence. 

Preemptively.
Not even executive time?
Didn't you work for 6 days God? You have the easiest life lol keep it up 
The beauty of life in search of mystery
For no word from god will ever fail
In Garden of Eden; I wish you’ve a spokesperson to interpret something like this: you fake news reporters tend to misquote the god by out of context, when he said work, you never applauded- he means work mysterious way frm  the golf course.
So, no plan for us all?
Lol 
God, I confess that I have never experienced BBQ so far.
Oh God.  LOL
Who ever is behind this account, I hope she never gets outed!
Nope, you just watch us all suffer, lmao.
So on the seventh day you rested and just never went back? Cool.
That's what I was thinking, everything that needed to get done was done in 6 days, the rest is a big unfolding show.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
