The @NRA can’t stop. The money is getting in their eyes.
Bad guys can get guns no matter how strict the laws.
Odd that it doesn’t happen here.
Exactly. Thank you. Tell him again in case he didn't hear ya.
Yeah, like why prohibit people from driving when they're drunk, I mean someone will still do it if they really want. Or better why have any law at all, there will always be someone who won't follow any of it.
Yeah! Fuck laws! Make everything legal because criminals don't follow laws anyway! Yeah! People do things more often if there is no consiquince. It's simple physcolgy. I'm done hearing people argue against gun control. Not a single statistic is thin there favor. Done.
In their favor*
An go and stop and go….yeah, I’m in traffic
Stop...? Stop what?
Explain this @Arey_KhanSahab
Areee maaf karo
I thought ya muted me or something 
Look listen
Hammer time!
Collaborate & listen.

with your meaningless platitudes, thoughts & prayers and do something meaningful instead of bending over for the NRA.
Bad guys don't follow rules and regulations, they will get guns easily on the streets.
In the name of love? 
Hammertime!
This is a fake account, god has no twitter account
Get this fucking genius a gold star!

Make us.
Hammer time??
How privileged you feel when @TheTweetOfGod asks you to stop
Please tell humanity to stop breeding .
Why


Satan: Let me love you. https://twitter.com/TheTweetOfGod/status/963890177998446593 …
Hammer time
In the name of love!
Hammer time
A little fire and damnaton would be appropriate.
All good ??
Living?
Either send another flood, or ‘Day After Tomorrow’ the shit out of the bad ones

You started it!
most underrated reply here
Yup
Ok... *puts down cat and turns off the blender*
Hammer time
Hammertime.
Are all those prayers annoying you? 
That's my "memeee" you know. Pinched it from a Stooge Joe Blesser...or was it Joe the Stooge De Aurelius? Anyway, you don't see these ATROCITIES with s. Good morning, bt .
Stop?
What?
Yeah, stop the thoughts.
Regards
Stop 2nd me
Its HAMMER time
They can't stop God, they have to go out and buy more guns as they might need another one now more kids have been shot dead. Plus think of how much money is to be made. America needs more guns to be safe. #FloridaShooting
Like anyone is gonna listen to you.
Please GOD...do something about it
No!
It won’t BTW.  This is the will of the American people.  The right to bear arms.  We have seen how Presidents deal with this situation over the last two decades.  It won’t change after another 17 deaths.
As if they listen to You, You Oaf!

They can’t. They ride the juggernaut of destruction with glee and self satisfaction. ( see, I didn’t pray for you to do something, I know better and you need a break today)
I think you need to send Jesus the greatest revolutionary down now....she’ll kick em into touch in Canberra
say when
Amen! Here's future The  HM's British & Canadian Mint Experience on Trial  To The Pyx Coinage Project of St George Commemoration Memorial Die  Making for Travel Abroad to Canada & From Canada I'm British Citizen.
Future's After I Traveled in to Canada My Mother land from Ethiopia. In Ethiopia From MRS Alemayehu Gizaw Engida I Born in Ethiopia. You made her before.
Amen! Here's future The British & Canadian Mint Experience on Trial To The Pyx Coinage Project of St George Commemoration Memorial Die Making for Travel Abroad to Canada & From Canada I'm British Citizen.
Hey now wait a minute Mr postman..
Kya hua daddu naraz kyu ho
*pulls hand out of pants*
Please Stop!
Hey u Go d are u the mind of God??? You are the mind of hypocrisy!
STOP. START. REPEAT.
Always has been never, impossibly  impossible forever

Never!
Who?
Indeed
STOP....HAMMER TIME.....
But you didn't stop that flood
Ok.
En door
Hammer time?
Not Yet
Later, it's still early.

You first
do we need to work harder on the thoughts? Or the prayers? 
They cant.  Its their second amendment right.  Plus they all quote you on a daily basis.  Sorry god.  Cant help those who cant help themselves.
No! Find more creative ways!
Never.
go no further, on threat of your lives
God - do you have such liberal gun laws in heaven like you have here in USA?  Because we do not see this level of gun homicides in other westernalized countries as we see here.  I think it is your fault.
Same time next week? But stats show it will probably be by Friday
...Right there! Criminal Scum!
If you are real why did you let the Florida shooting happen?
In the name of love....
Sorry, she said she wasn't in the mood and I was lonely. Won't fappen again.
I wish we could 
Way ahead of you
Got anything positive to say you old c*nt?
This life is about  money
Do you love your guns God and government 
- Marilyn Manson.
"... You want Gun Control?  Get rid of the metal detectors around the Capitol building.  Take away the Secret Service protection for all politicians.  Christ, by next week the worst thing you'll have to worry about is drive-by SHOUTINGS."

-Dennis Miller,  'Ranting Again'
Same
Almighty you should smite the f@ck out of us and get it over with.
Made in your image, so what did you expect?
Yes please! tell me where did you install the breaks.. or how do one fix it? i may have broke mine... im sorry... :/
Make  ‘em.
It's hammer time
Gladly.
Only if you had right before creating the humans, this tweet would be meaningless.
They‘ll never stop. 

*sigh*
with "thoughts and prayers".
Yes, please.
good god go
Why???
From your mouth to God's ear. Oh wait...
Well, I'll have that song stuck in my head now...Hammer time. Can't touch this. Thanks...
Make them stop!#God
Make us.
Ok, another question. What’s with your followers putting cigarettes out on their forehead thing?  Seriously. WTF? I wonder this every year about this time. Did they all just have a blow out Mardi Gras?
Collaborate and listen...
In the name of love...
In the name of love #ValentinesDay
Want help ?
N-NANI?!!
STOP KILLING PEOPLE YOU FUCKING ARSEHOLES

Whining..
Ha, if only...
Hammer time!
I hoped that worked
Amen to that.
Ok
Hammertime ?
Hammer time
Hey god the next time you create, give all males the same size penis. It might work!
They only thing I'll be smashing tonight
...in the name of love... 
no u

Agreed

Stop, duck and cover?
Can't you just smite some of the less desirable characters on this earth.. start with @POTUS
He's the first to come to mind?  Nassar weinstein didn't somehow make first on the list? Kim jong un?
Hahaha, lol. Poor guy.
I mean you're mad at a guy because hillary lost let's be honest
Here, have some pizza and move on.
You win twitter today, god.
Collaborate and listen
Ice is back with my brand new invention
Brexit
Hammer time
Make me.
You didn't say Simon Says.
Amen.

America has stopped giving a shit about Americans - about children - dying. America is dying.

That the ridiculous point of arming teachers has resurfaced reflects how deadly stupid the conversation has become.

Still more children died today.

Isn't there anything you can do??
The madness?!
Collaborate and listen?
In The Name of Love.
fine..
Hammer time!
You first!!!
T's and P's now get back to work.
Stop what... thinking & praying?  Yeah, I guess you're right.  They haven't worked at all.
Collaborate and listen.
HAMMERTIME!!
Lol close but no cigar!
Robert Van Winkle shall not be mentioned.
Not your fault my Lord, but this world is a failure. Maybe the next time...?
Madness
I have no faith that they will stop. Do you?
It will never stop until everyone is dead. You need to get on that.
@emilymillsss xyy
That’s good to know.
But it's our freedom to do so!. It says so in the Constitution, right after the one about you or something. Plus, it's our tradition, and, and, it's our freedom, did I mention that already? Oh, so blah blah blah...
Collaborate and listen.
Collaborate and listen.
Please, Stop!
before you break my heart
Can you be a little more proactive.
God you awake?
Collaborate and listen.
HAMMERTIME!!
Make me
Drop
But that was 37 minutes ago and it's not stopped yet...
Drop. Shut 'em down. Open up shop.
Oh,no.
That's how Ruff Ryders roll...
Make us.
Wishful thinking....you’ve already let lose 
We already talked about it, sir. The vehicle doesn't respond to vocal commands.

[Technology and the elderly, i tell ya.]

Amen
THOU Make it stop!
Thoughts and prayers?
hammer time!
That's no Thor m8.
Can you please create a daughters? Your Son is clearly a Republican.
Blame @realDonaldTrump for this.
In the name of love...
Second Amendment > God 
You know we can't.
If only you could...
ok FINE.
...
There! Happy!?
Seriously.

In the name of love.
....in the name of love!
I don’t believe in god, only his tweets.

Drop. Shut em down open up shop.
If we all agree to stop (stop what btw) can you do something about Trump? pillar of salt, plague of locus that kind of thing?
Stop this...
Local Fire Chief tells Miami Herald “that his department is responding to a mass casualty incident at the high school. He confirmed at least one fatality, although he could not confirm how many have been injured or killed.”

…

Too late, its ruined. You might as well wipe it all out and start again.
He stopped.
Hammer time.
... in the name of Love, before you break my Heart
Hammer Time

Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
