My sister’s beautiful church burned today. Look what remains!  The cross stands always and forever. The pastor says, “The Lord promises to bring beauty out of ashes.” @FoxNews @foxandfriends 
He works in mysterious ways.

For many of those people, it wouldn't even have been the first cross-burning they've seen.

Don't you work in mysterious ways? And, why, by the way? The direct approach is much more...direct.
‘Direct’ doesn’t sell books or put cheeks in the seats
>>‘Direct’ doesn’t sell books or put cheeks in the seats<< ...and, most importantly, the collection plate needs to be filled.
You are one funny god, God.

Trump: “Look, the giant T is still standing.”
It's almost like a solid chunk of metal doesn't burn as easily as wood and drywall.
No man its not that, jesus came with a hose to defend it so people have hope i saw it...
It's a miracle! The non-flammable stuff didn't burn!
Look, the bricks in the back did not burn to ash either. Geometry and clay for life  Thanks  building supply store!
Churches need to start paying Taxes.
They prefer praying taxes
They are a business that sells a product.. Tax them for every prayer.
I'm going to cover myself in crosses thus rendering myself fire proof.
Lol
Huh... I missed a spot.
The church died for the sins of the cross!!
Was that the only cross in the building?
I forget which comedian said it, but I think the last thing #Jesus is gonna want to see when he comes back is a cross!!!
That’s gold, Jerry!
Was it #Seinfeld?  Cool.
It was Bill Hicks
Well, as long as we believe in You, there is no hope for progress. Party!
I laugh, but I also scream into my pillow at night because of logic like this.
“Bonfire of the Hannities”?
Oh, I'm stealing that one!  Right up there with 'All The President's Goombahs'!

Its crazy how a metal cross mounted on a cement wall would survive a fire!
Let it be known that No Christian will ever inquire into the physics that kept that area from burning.
Weird how they all don't realize wood burns and cement/rock doesn't...
So if there would have been a giant cross on the roof,then it doesn't burn down...bad planning
build yo house out of used crosses people!
I'm waiting for some holy roller to stumble upon this tweet and shit themselves.

That's always good for some entertainment.
The cross is still there because it is in a protected alcove away from combustible materials. It’s called physics
I wouldn't burn a building and leave my business card!
It’s a miracle!! Lol
Yeah, and that the cross still stands is basic architecture
Even I know that, and I'm biologist
Anything to confirm their evidence-lacking assumptions.

They use children with cancer as an example of god "testing us"...
I wanna test their heads with a hammer
The metal cross didn’t burn, it’s a miracle
First that "Cross" kill jesus, and now burns the church. Is the cross the omen ?
You take one lousy nap and the whole world gets its underwear in a knot.
Are you suggesting we burn Christianity to its roots and start anew? Do things differently?

They should make churches only out of crosses and then they would not burn down.
So, let me get this straight. Is “The Lord” the insurance company? I mean, unless you plan to rebuild entirely with rainbows and unicorns, some cold hard cash might be needed?
@drhouse15545  he’s got a good point you know
Let the mother f*cker burn. Hey, that would be a great song. 
God works in mysterious ways and owns shares in building companies 

The only reason the cross is still there is the wall its on appears to be concrete block from what I see..
I  this account...I’ve probably cemented my place in Hell, but I LOVE this account so much, that I don’t really care if I have...
This is my favourite tweet ever 
LOL they could never find a couple of 2x4s to make a new cross. BUT buildings.. Those are easy to throw together. No wonder god let the church burn.


Just a question from a friend of a friend...
That's not going to stop them. You'd have to let kids starve to death or some... thing... oh, wait... 
I am so sorry about this atrocity! It’s 2018 and we live in a progressive nation that is festering such hatred. The GOP has proven themselves derelict of responsibility by putting Trump into office. We will persevere and we will win and America will swing back in 2020. Dems-VOTE!
Looks like it is surrounded by concrete last I heard concrete does not burn easy lol
You gotta wicked sense of humor, Mr. God...

Can you give me a heads-up before you release the locusts? I hate those little buggers...
See? you didn't need a church after all!
The ways that you work are so, how do you say, weird? Fucked up? I forget, it's a mystery.
Nice one God! You sure know how to reward.
I hate when people do this.  DUH YOUR CHURCH BURNED DOWN.
"The Argument From Incomplete Devastation"
You sure it wasn't that pesky heathen deity with the hammer that cruised by?
Insurance $$$, bro! #GodsPlans
LOL!
It sure is useful that bigotry is horrible—unless it’s bigotry towards your political opponents, right?

Yes. It's bonkers to think that bigotry is horrific--unless the bigotry is aimed at Evangelicals, Catholics, Orthodox Christians, Orthodox Jews, or Mormons.
Ooo no good is parea
Yeah and once there was a Church of Company Of Jesus. And that church burned down along with 3000( three thousand) people inside.
LMFAO!
Damn, the fire missed the most important thing...
Nice work...err...God....
Did it have smoke alarms?
God, why did you create such stupid humans???
What happen???
Whoever runs this site is a fucking genius.
Man i try not to hate on the mythologies but stupid reasoning like that just makes that vein in my forehead pound like crazy
WTF is wrong with you?
Evidently walls along the sides are also very meaningful.

@kailinmcguire  looks good now 
It was a building not church! Church is the body of true believers of Christ who share the gospel with love! Not hate & to judge others!  If church was what God is we’d be sunk because of people who use God’s name for the wrong reasons 
so vampires can't in buildings or in bodies of true believers?

I'm starting to think vampires and the stories about them are just made up bullshit that people believe. 

what's the story in the bible about the dead coming out of their graves again?
God snapped

Couldn't find it in your heart to cause it to burn down?
Be nice, god. his church burned down.
Reminds me of this. 
u saved that cross..just to prove that ppl will be stupid always..Lol.
That’s... kinda how that construction style burns....

I like you God keep smiting the bad churches
Looks like god protected their church as best he could. At least the torture symbol is left. Praise jeeezus! Whoopee. What more could they ask for? Stupid.
Never thought I’d say this, but I just followed God!
If I could retweet the retweet I would. Brilliant!!
Happy birth to you !! #HappyBirthdaySachin

You have no chill 
 this is not language of God very funny, one more thing is he his selective on his response
You missed a spot..
.It's like a biblical FU. Nicely done, TweetOfGod
 God, damn, I needed this 
The comments on the main thread lol.
Savage.
Definitive proof God aint for them KKKs; even when a Church is on fire, God don’t burn no crosses...
Saving money by not installing an automatic sprinkler systems always seems like such a good idea during pre-construction value-engineering.  Even Gods make mistakes.  Don’t beat yourself up, dude.
He let the symbol of his murder and torture live. This guys a genius.

Just think of all the beauty you could bring if more churches burn.
That's insensitive.
Let me guess, fire sale?!?!!
Alternately, “ARSONIST LEAVES CALLING CARD AT CHURCH FIRE SCENE”

See if they had insurance.
I never saw them...did you?
But Dad...you are GOOD
Cold
How exciting!!! The symbol for horrendous torture remains!!!
who burn?
"Always & Forever" was my freakin' prom theme.
"God moves in a mysterious way
His wonders to perform" - etc. Bit like all those starving children.
Sorry God y’all have to deal with DUMB
Nice shitting on misfortune you tryhard
The entire apse is intact. Thank an architect.
Nah. Satan did it. 
it could have done funerals for all you know, the dead need to be respected.
I think we all know who her "Lord" really is.

Her church keeps him in business.
They never get it, do they?
the Thorn Birds- after Drogeda burns- Father Ralph- 'God sent the rain' 
Maggie- 'Who sent the fire?'
I guess she doesn't realized it surrounded by concrete and that concrete don't burn
The klan doesn’t seem to have any problem burning crosses.
that was mean God.
The Simpsons did it...

Grasping at crosses....
Do lightening rods on churches show a lack of faith?
God though your actions...
Nothing more beautiful than a burned out church.
@ainsleyearhardt @FoxNews @foxandfriends only the torture instrument survived...interesting.
Nothing to do with the fact that whole white area is potentially made out of ceramic tiles or stone.. .. a matrial that doesn’t burn very well 
You’re not leaving a lot of room for the “other guy’s” mischief… 

Sure like you actually exist.... ok ther is a possibility so I renounce my statement unless you don't. 
Man this is complicated!!!
So is God in a Norwegian Black Metal band then?
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich 
YAHWEH, the wood cross did not burn. Like the burning bush???
Was a decedent of Moses is the church???  AMEN AMEN AMEN
How do Conservative climate change denialist explain the cause of Hurricane Harvey? God's punishment on Texans for choosing Trump?
this is a very mysterious way.
You’re my God and I live only by your rules @TheTweetOfGod 
Damn, that’s pretty harsh FeelsBadMan
How did the wood crosses fare?
Yawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwn. David Krausebalmfzhjkoogdxzdxxxzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Braise the lord.
LOL

Grass didn’t burn either. Bless you god for protecting it
How about that cross on top of the church? How'd it fair?
First, a building.  Next, the world? 
How could you?
The congregation should have approved the costs for new parish hall and upgraded sound dampening for TV broadcast. They'll be building it now.

Hahahahaha!!!
Everything is a sign, no matter how tragic or stupid.

God is not to be found in houses of brick and colored glass, but in the house of mankind which resides in the heart and compassion of men and women
God, why you gotta be like that?
Did you sneeze again?

It kind of looks like Shredder from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. — The lord works in mysterious ways.
Hey! Why the attitude? You shoes too tight?!
A few lightning strikes, or your old favourite, an earthquake, should finish the job nicely.
They never learn God.
We don’t need no water.
Hey God. You should change your dp according to the days. Like Friday for Muslims, Sunday for Christian & Tuesday for Hindus. What say?
Burn baby burn/Christian inferno...
But hey, its interesting to see you are a Christian

God, you kill me.
Haahahaha
Hold tight wait till the ashes smolder
Hold tight We're in for nasty weather
There has got to be a way
Burning down the house
you move in mysterious, and truly fucked up ways
"let" it... heh.
You go GOD! Smite! Smite! Smite!
Hahaha ;-)
omg lol
wich Black metal band did that?
The cross still stands but the church is absolutely destroyed, get a fucking hint.
Of course this means that the only thing left standing was the tool used to kill your lord. Get a fucking hint!
Fire no good.
Go to your room!
Of course you did, because you wanted it to, it was your will.

CONTE UNIVERSITY TV EP 2:

Intermittent Hypoxic-Hyperoxic Training

Mastermind | CEO of #SNAC @VictorConte #Howyalikeit

https://youtu.be/j3ZOQrzAWmg 

#SNAC #VictorConte #CleanSport #AntiDoping #HypoxicTraining #Altitude #HyperoxicTraining #Oxygen

http://SNAC.com 
