Wow. So it turns out God's an unfunny Leftard. That explains so much...

I dunno it was pretty funny/accurate to me.
I glad you made me smart enough not to vote for Trump.
I'm*
He gave you thumbs for fingers though :)
NO! GOD DID NOT!!!!!



Wanted....

It’s all about the money. #endpredatorycapitalism
#NRAwhores
#RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #RemoveBSGOP #ALLGOP

Is this real lmao
It is very real.
That's cos he's hell bent on undoing all The good work @BarackObama did....v
i said this earlier but ur comment is wittier, which of course it is, you're God.
He has way more followers.  He loses the odd follower when they hi jack planes and fly into buildings, but overall he gains more than he loses.
i just realised that the only person God is following is Justin Bieber, thats hilarious
I had no idea until you pointed that out. My good man!
Genevieve Loveland? In that moment, then, and only then did i realise how truly boring my name is :(
Also:
So true. SO. DAMN. TRUE.
or all other countries in the world
Dear @TheTweetOfGod don’t shift the blame it’s your experimental creativity we r paying for
If @TheTweetOfGod claims to be omnipotent, then surely he is a sado for letting that happen.
Pshaw. Have you read his instruction books? Of course he’s a sadist.


You are also Captain Obvious aren't you??? I KNEW IT..
Shh, don't let that secret out or he'll have to smite you
Lol
Any chance you can stick that on a tablet of stone?
Yeap, because people always follow the 10th. Lol
Put it in a Second Amendment to the Bible, and maybe they will listen

Thoughts and prayers = We know What happened, don't really care.

You must be sick of hearing those thoughts and prayers by now.
This tweet actually refers to?
what a self own
Wow the obession with pakistan that you go beyond the relevance of the post. Pathetic.
or you could put them inside a chocolate egg, because the USA will ban that shit in a nanosecond...
Is your smiter broke or what?
No wonder people have become so fucked up. Look what liberalism has done to "God"

I love you God!
Hey GOD. Would you mind activating permanent lightning storms over The White House, Capital Hill and Mar-A-Lago--hail and torrential rain optional?
F*** this. Nothing anti-fascist about disablism
1) It's "ableism". (If you can't spell a word, maybe don't use it?)
2) Ableism involves mocking or discrimination, not observation.
3) You're an idiot. Is that idiotist of us?
Jesus christ I was using the British word out of consideration. You need a lot of introspection and self-criticism around ableism bc you're doubling down on it here
Eugenical tests for political candidates is the opposite of antifa hth
Believing that mental health is desirable in a leader is eugenics? 
Seriously, if you think this is antifascism, just give up now.
Demanding that gun owners insurance would be a good step in the correct direction.
#HillaryWonThePopularVote, not Drumpf. The people didn't elect him, the electoral college did. #Truth #Resist
Also don't elect the GOP
Are you calling him a dangerous weapon or mentally ill? Or both? Which works, seeing as he's both an obvious malignant narcissist and Putin's greatest weapon against the US.
This is the greatest tweet of all time!
ah yes, I remember the creation of dangerous weapons in 2017.
I'd like to rant on this. Republicans r saying its mental illness, not guns, that kill. As if mental illness is easy 2 handle?!?! Even if people get medical care, NO ONE is cured of mental illness. We don't know how to spot or what 2 do w/ the mentally ill who kill murder people!
The Fl. School shooter most likely was a rebellious teen... not mentally ill.  Trump is mentally ill, delusional and feels full of power. Except he's a 72 yr old grown man who never learned to respect law & order.
That would be a good point but since there was a few school shootings under Obama then both bushes and Clinton so please explain your point
It's already been explained over and over...
@docamitay If it wasn't so true, I shouldn't be laughing #CriticallyThinkingWise re: this tweet. However, I am! 
A #CriticalThinking #AlternativeFacts dedication to you re: authentic approach to your #Pioneering and ongoing efforts which include not just your students, bur also your ongoing #mediaconsulting
So very true! I’m not sure that you are aware, but, the new Trumpcare does not treat Mental Health. This mentally ill President is who the mentally ill wanted, and now they are shooting at and killing each other! Just an observation that they might deserve what they are getting .
Americans have not elected him president, Russians and NRA have.

Best tweet of God so far!!
Obama tried to keep guns out of the hands of the mentally ill.

#CadetBoneSpurs, aka trump, gave them back. Someone should ask him WHY!

#GunControl
I just choked on my drink
Hi, God, I'd like to ask into the void that people don't equate a harmless characteristic like mental illness with violence. Thanks, I mean Amen!
As a Brit I cant get my head around the fact tgat you cant go into a bar and order a drink at 19 but you can walk into Walmart and buy a semi automatic rifle? WTF?
how about some separation of church and state...
Yes.
@LaptopShopWH @SykoLady @TraynorLand
Ouch!! This is splendid in all ways and so true!
Could you please send a lightening bolt in the general direction of the Mar-a-Lago golf course?
As s have known forever... #God doesn’t move parked cars & also doesn’t support #assholes in government when change is needed.. “bring the children “ xo
Yay God.
Please stop calling Trump mentally ill.  It excuses his behaviour and delegitimizes those that actually do struggle with mental illness.  People with mental illness are rarely violent and are much more likely to be victimized because of negative stigmas.  Thank you.
God, you always know what to say.
im an atheist but this tweet made me christian
badoom pah, and they said god was dead......

Why does no one realize how offensive it is to call Trump mentally ill. Asshole and mentally ill aren't synonymous. I have a mental illness and I'm not dangerous or a dictator.
This is a stupid tweet
And don't elect NRA-paid Republicans.
amen to that
God is white?
God doesn’t exist.
Then how do you explain the tweet?
He’s a self proclaimed non existent entity.
You’re a funny guy but that one missed the mark. I’d reconsider. Regards.
God invented Guns and the United States of America Constitution and the Mentally ill God.
Without wanting to appear rude - I thought the Chinese invented gunpowder and the first cannons and then Western Europe and later the US progressed the technology. Wasn’t the Constitution written by men in Philadelphia? Happy to stand corrected. Regards

...THIS!...
Precisely.  That is why we didnt elect Hillary and you helped us put the right man in office!  Thank you God.
Most ironically, President Donald Trump is now on public record as wanting to prevent people who are #mentallyill from having ANY form of weapon. . . 

https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/23/trump-will-reaffirm-his-support-for-giving-teachers-guns-at-cpac.html …

#USpoli #USpolitics #CPAC #CPAC2018 #MentalIllness #Trump #NuclearWeapons
#Trumpocalypse #Trumpocracy
Okay God....you get a follow for that one! 
WORD.
trudat
Stop. Stigmatizing. Mental. Illness. 

Mentally Ill people are no more likely to harm someone other than themselves than someone without a mental illness.
Amen!!!
Lol, so true.
A-effing-men
C'est sage. En même temps, laissez détruire les ressources et allez au-devant de toute recherche de profit par croissance, c'est non.
Ahmen Holy Father, Ahmen.
Hahaha 
Now its all coming together
jfc you RTed this shite? Nice way to show solidarity with the literally countless anti-fascists who experience mental health problems, you awful shits.
Hope I'm reading this correctly but actually I'm thinking this is an insult to mentally ill people?

Thank you, God, for reminding the mentally ill that the rest of the world doesn't consider us capable of functioning at their level. You're so edgy.
God is not pleased with so much hate and evil in this beautiful world he gave us God is love  and we must love  one another the people are not mentally ill they are evil haters
Burn !!!!!!
But Hillary's emails...
Amazing, and sadly true. Thank you...
Hold on there, God. Are you saying the president is mentally ill, or a dangerous weapon in the hands of the mentally ill? #grammar
We should Be Looking at Ourselves Not making excuses for Ourselves....Thats how we got here #Parkland the Youth Can Change The World Please START !!!!
Hi God, will you follow me. I never followed you until you were on Twitter. Scratch my back
It isn’t the mentally ill who gun people down-mental illness occurs everywhere. It’s only in US where killing kids is a hobby. Blame the NRA

Right on God ! 
Awesome tweet of the day
We didn't! #endgerrymandering #restorethevra
OMG God. I love it
Hey what the Hell
With the words that on point G, you may want to take another pass at the Old Testament.

.....and where were YOU when all the school massacres happened?
Tell the truth! Our law makers need to hear it and act on it!
God. For the win. Praised be He.
@maddy_ogrady
hey this is ableist garbage
One of your best quotes so far God. Hallelujah
That’s the stupidest thing I ever read!!  Fake god!!!!
Shut up
This is sick!

God why did you allow guns to be invented
Right on, God.
Mass shootings have happened for a long time, they aren’t a Trump-era phenomena
Every thing is as per God's wish... what can we do
8 years of gun fuelled Obama and Leftards are blaming Trump after one year 

They don't mind dead kids as long as there is a joke to be made about the #POTUS
Or let them sell our Uranium to Russia  @rcmjr @c_smith1215 @TrevorHowarter
True dat!
Amen.
Can you come speak at my church soon?  I speak for you all the time, but it would be nice to see you.  BTW, last time I checked, you looked like this:
And Prime ministers too.
Or maybe just change the licencing laws
Well said God
Every Muslim American should immediately apply for an open carry license/join the NRA. You'd have gun control in 48 hours #Muslims4OpenCarry
Savage.
Proud to say, We didn’t!
#JesusFor2020
If you don't want him to be president. Dont create them.... #lol
Hey Mr. God thanks for the big Eagles win.  You did Philly a big solid...about time!!’
And...
God masters the 
Tweet of eternity
Truth! #NPR_GOP_BLOODMONEY
God, you are so right!!!
Peace be to you God
Haha shit real bad.
Word
But I need my weapon! Only my weapon understands me!
Smells like chicken
You will make me  a believer  if you keep  tweeting like  that.
Americans are a special kind of stupid. Most of them anyway.
Solid burn
If U want to B on top & have as much as Terra has get off ur arss& go for it like she did, can't B A hater &all mad at her bc she made it&U didn't if u don't wanna work for it!Going@lying to A pastor!She SAID SHE'S AN INVESTOR NOT IT'S HER WINE,SHE DIDN'T MAKE IT OR THE NAME
We didn’t.  We’re still not sure how he got in.
And if you want to weaken the country elect them democrats.
Lmaoooo
Them evangelicals keep putting the blame on you that you are the one that "elected" the gun loving potus. so what do you have to say to that?
that is really not helpful
to clarify: *ableist language klaxon*  - I know loads of mentally ill people who'd be fine as presidents, although all far too sane to want the job.
also, ambiguity: 'them' would appear to refer to 'dangerous weapons' - how  does electing a dangerous weapon president put it into the hands of a mentally ill person? 

words matter. word order matters. with ref to 1st point, above, so does thinking before tweeting.
I mean, 21k rts equating mentally ill people with Trump? is that making the world a better place? is it?
Now yhwh @POTUS is one of your children you should love him as you love them all.
Amazing
.@realDonaldTrump
We must B responsible and not deny our inaction, gotta B REAL! Love !
http://www.Healthyoudrink.info 
Hahaha
God u put him in for a reason wasnt it to exposed the big brains of the democratic party hey ur the one who said youd confound the brilliant minds and the last will be first and the first will be last didnt you say that God !
We didn't.... she's trying to sell books at Cosco...
I wish I was mentally ill enough to be a multi billinaire
They didn't. Hilderbeast is safely tucked away in her padded cell.
Love it!
Or finance them...
Amen
Amen
How long untill there are Teacher-led School Shootings?

Or anoint them as pope (image is of the main chamber of Vatican 2 – looks like a snake, doesn’t it?)
Ahh the opinion of someone suffering from delusions of grandeur. Hold on while I try and find some time to take you seriously...
Thanks. We paid attention, and didn't elect Hillary.
Obama only gave guns to the Mexican Cartel....Oh and billions to Iran for their nukes...
So tooo late
God forbid. 
Lets stop bismerching the mentally illBlame gun culture and entitlement which is the culprit here. He is just a product of American gun culture. Violence is as American as cherry pie. Blame Trump and his minions and NRA
Obummer is gonzo. Catch up bud.
Lolz
You first have to believe in God. Second, Win the election next time.
Oh I love you! You said it just as it is , bless your heart
Most importantly, don't give him the power to destroy in seconds what took you seven days to create!
That's why Hillary never will get elected to anything.

You actually call yourself God, when did they let you out and do they k ow you did not answer role call?
I thought you died...


Amen!
Clever 
Or Congress.
@Sensfan16
God, please get your followers to support military-level psych-eval for presidential candidacy, weapon purchase and having kids. How? I don't know, you're the God, not me!
cute, but i don't think god had anything to do with the election.   
Fuck you God !!!
Maybe, or maybe if we had an @FBI that actually did there job.
We didn’t elect them you know who did
”Don’t elect them president”? Do You even try to speak English???
WeThePeople, didn’t.
God, you take that back, or no money for you on Sunday.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
