I miss that old sass you had back then.  Like some Hitites start praying to something else you just smite the fuck outta them.  What happened God?
Lots of men settle down after they have children.
This is just way funnier than it should be.
Yeah, but why were the unicorns left off the ark?
They kept poking holes in the hull.
Let's be honest God, the Old Testament was a poor first effort. The New Testament was a massively improved sequel. It's the Empire Strikes Back of holy texts.
Also fiction.
I don't mean to alarm anyone but I saw a guy in a field loading animals on a boat today.

Nuns.. just wanna have fun.
He hung you out to dry
What can you say. Just try not to cross him
Nailed it!
I prefer you as an old lion inside a magic wardrobe.
I love you so much that I would reincarnate myself back to Earth
I remember when you were just "Yahweh, from the block"...now you're all "not only am I God, but I'm the father of God...and the Son too".  Some people...
Sorry God, but I can only love you if you present virginal blood on my sheets on our wedding night. Otherwise, my neighbors and I have to beat you to death with rocks. Nothing personal.
Never really cared for Sequels.
You changed. It's not me, it's you.
Same book, new jacket. Yawn.
Jesus Christ...
Ooooh, you wanna go Revelation on me, huh?
Aren’t you making it testament in a teapot out of this? You sound as if you’re working too hard. Relax and enjoy Eternity. Break out the Holy Spirit and take a snort!
I'd love to see the Heavenly Father call home a newt & a don for some tête-à-tête's.
Hey keep it clean; A) our tweets are being read by @TheTweetOfGod, and B) no frog is gonna slip another “Grand Tetons” over on the good ol’  USA!
Those twin peaks should be grabbed as a future Project for Environmental Artist Crisco; he’s the guy who wrapped the (former) Bank of America Tower in SF in toilet paper.
I'm waiting for the Third testament. They say "3rd time's a charm." Besides, the mantra in creative writing is rewrite, rewrite, rewrite!
Now that is absolute comedy GOLD. Worthy of a new tablet for sure....
Preach god

I heard you was with Alpha and Omega the other day. What’s up with that? You been cheating on me?
Jesus Christ what do you want from us 
You had me at.... (you are such a fucking whiner.... Like really)
@brancatoaa fuckin debatable
Seriously
It’s holocaust Memorial Day in Israel. Where where you at that time?
Im sorry, after you stopped asking for genocide things just werent the same
You used to be all about conquering other nations and destroying their property... But then you turned into a hippie and now it is all about "loving thy neighbor"
*New Testes
How about quran?
Who wrote that shit anyway? Nobody seems to know. It had about a dozen authors. Bored goatherders is my guess. Were they on magic mushrooms or weed? 

Wow Hitler has Twitter and now God does. This is a great world
To be fair you're still an arsehole
Dont love either and am ok without both. Good sentiment though.

If u dont love Me at My Torah, u dont deserve at My Quran...
Gon in old testament: "I'll kill you if you sin!"
God in new testament: "I'll kill my own son if you sin"
What's not to like?
Are you still a thing?  Have you met our lord and savior @RichardDawkins ?
@EliExeni
I don't love you at either! 
@fleetingfox_
You had me at "In the beginning..." you silver tongued devil, you.
Out with the old and in with the new... testament.

God should use spell check. God forgive me
You seem a bit BPD.
Like you wrote it
That new packaging didn't work out too well for ya, did it? Who was yer PR firm? Should've gone with the firm wot did the "Let Zeus Be Zeus" campaign--look how many centuries he lasted.
What were you doing before the beginning of Genesis?
Hey, your kid is the one who started all that shit.
I don’t know. You were kind of a dick in the Old Testament and you didn’t take care of your son in the New Testament. I like the Twitter Testament version the best.
Two different Gods. No way one can be both - unless you had a stroke :-)
@DavidMowgli 
@madeyoubrooke what we were talking about earlier
In the New Testament, Jesus demands that we hate our own lives:

"Anyone who loves their life will lose it, while anyone who HATES THEIR LIFE in this world will keep it for eternal life." - Jesus Christ, John 12:25

http://biblehub.com/john/12-25.htm 
@LaurenCroxson
@keren_music 
Jajajajaja ves!?
Since you are up, would you mind explaining the dinosaurs in the noahs ark exhibit in Kentucky?   A few of us have been questioning science vs creation.  If all the other animals made it?  Why not dinosaurs??  Pls respond to @tanamac73 and @RedTRaccoon 
And @BoycottUtah
I'm not convinced they're the same god.
I'm no fanatic of the Bible series, but I've heard from hardcore fans that the Old Testament was widely considered better than the new.
hardcore fans make fake news. it's obvious
Good point, I've seen many other fandoms do the same.
You could always start drinking again; admit it the Old Testament is the recollections of a raging alcoholic..
Old ... new or latest if all of it doesn’t teach love ... respect and humanity how can one love it
Lmfao!!!!!!!!
:D   I wonder how many have even read your book....all I remember is the first line....wait.....hmm.....was it "A long long time ago in a galaxy far far away.....
Are you only a Christian God???
Love that part at the end of your book where the world ends
They're both pieces of shit. Sorry god
Sounds like a church girl
You are not at Your best when You inspire holy books.
@AllIndiaBakchod
Humanityisgod
Just because i said you were stoned when you designed the platapus you crucify me!?
I don't love you at Book of Job. Frankly, you don't deserve us!
Lol! Loud it yeah!

We have many called “God or Lord”. Please, can you tell us your unique name? So we can know and love you better...
I love both testes.
really not something God would say
They're both super boring, so cool.
Sorry G.  Being female I can't bring up much love for New Testament or Old but Old definitely "relegates" women more...
You know, for all the mercurial tantrums, genocide, curses, baby-killing, terrorism, misogyny, and slavery-enabling in the Old Testament, you never once threatened to ostensibly torture people forever like in the New. Just sayin'.
How about we just be friends first.
Daddy Almighty, you just slayed!!!!
Bwa ha ha ha ha ha....
We love you the more passing every day...
@CGGuy44
i have always loved You

yes, we dont love u
Good ,,, bye
I was gonna say this but I didn't want to get smited
Stop stalling and finish the trilogy Asshat!
Best tweet of all time
No need to get grumpy God, just because mankind can reinvent you!  
Could it be possible that you are senile? You were not part of the New Testamentest casting, don't you remember? It was your son, Jesus. Oops, sorry, your son is you (and the Holy Spirit). Really confusing, don't you think? Is there a fourth part of you that you keep secret?
If you can not balance your testaments past & present you don't deserve to be YOU to others
I don't care whether you live in an Old Tenement or a New Tenement, you're *Tops* with me @TheTweetOfGod
At your Old Testament at least you stained your OWN hands.
Ok, now you're getting weird. I don't know what to believe anymore.

You can do better
Give it up! Who cares alias god character..
I don't like ya either one you MFer.
Lol
i don't own either of them. heard that the story wasn't that good. and books like that usually stretch the truth to the point that it's not even remotely believable. your son was a good doctor though!
not to forget the charitywork he did!
But you don’t exist in either?
Meh, you’re an asshole in both tbf.

I don't want to deserve you. I think creationists and theocrats deserve you. But they don't know what they want.
Oh vey.
Hahahhahaha
ॐ;HARIॐOM."To thine own self be true."ॐ;OM Peace Peace Peace.
New version...which one u want....Go through the Quran the latest and final version.
 When God nails it.
Neither one is particularly to 'love'....do you have something else to offer?
We could say the same to you.. You did wipe us off the planet
Se me hace que el chido, era Moisés
Mmm. Didn't you hang out with Satan and make a bet on Job, who never did anything wrong but be a good guy? Yeah. I remember that. You guys just fucked w him until he broke? Nty.
That's why I prefer dogs and earbuds and books.
Deal. Fuck off, lol.
Touche'
You're right!  Acts, Deuteronomy, Leviticus!   You just can't beat the "Old Vengeful" God.  And for completely off reservation, there's Numbers.
You don't  deserve us, God
Best version of this trend.
Who doesn’t love intemperate smiting?
have a nice day god!
i read old testa , i am princess.. I alway go to new house to read but today my father seem have not appear , so i can not read bible at new house ...i go home to read it

That Old Testament is strong medicine
Not that big a fan of the New Testament you.

Fine by me! We’ll revise it and turn you into a flamingo.
Yeah, we should be totally supportive of your weird obsession with foreskin and thrill for mass murder. I guess we’re all just haters. 
I prefer to look at your work as opposed to the holy shit written about you...
妈耶。。看不懂哈哈哈

why u follow @justinbieber  im lmao
Both of'em sucks.
It's been ages since God has wiped any cities from the face of the Earth.
Lolololllloooool
Bro humanity broke up with you centuries ago. Get over it.
Oh my You!
Come on. Your New Testament itself is dated.

When are we getting a third sequel?
You were so gangsta in your Old Testament days! Then you “got Jesus” and went soft. (I’m here all night folks.)
I love you so much.  .......
By the New T, you became:
• more inclusive
• more in tune w/ the times (allowed your son to be a hippie for....your sake)
• the menu definitely was of the variety sort
• became the kind of grandpa that snuck us candy and cola when our father wasn't looking
In the Old T, you were:
• around more but too strict
• harsh because we rebelled, forgiving thereafter
• the menu could've used some non-kosher updating (just saying, like who doesn't like cheeseburgers for....your sake)
• always sending our crazy uncles to talk sense to us
I've had a "devout" christian claim the old testament was the Jewish part, so it didn't count. Except when they could cherry pick sayings to back up their bigotry, misogyny, homophobia etc. Then it counted.
Whether Jews or the Church, your audience don’t deserve You; we love Mueller.
Btw whom were you testifying to huh ? Man was not there. So ? You testified to an elk and you suppose HUMANS to follow ur testimony to an elk ??
This is the best version of this tweet I've seen thus far!! 
In my defense, you kinda flooded the whole world.
Heathens! All of them! Each one worse than the last!
You were a little birch in the old terstement. Bit you made up for it in the new.
I mean if you would have wrote it yourself may e but you had men do it through there own fucked up mind filters about superior they are to women... so....
You relapsed pretty bad in the 1940s and we still follow you
Nonsense. You are a violent and punitive patriarch in OT and the Good Shepherd in the NT.
Just wondering why the all-powerful creator of the universe who brought all into existence by his Word wants love from the lowest, most wretched creature he created. How did He ever survive all those millennia before man?
@ThatBloke_Jesus come see what your has to say
Amen.
That moment when #wannabeGod can't even spell for shit. 
The spelling is actually part of the joke...
Pics or didn't happen
Neither are worth much, TBH.
Smote dem fuckin Edomites bru....
I not believe you love you as you are or are not. But quick question @rickygervais was told eating dogs was our right as humans and that he should read bible. Can you as it’s author tell me where just for future reference save me reading whole thing.
Nietzsche told me you were dead . . .
I mean, you were kind of a dick in your old testamentest.
I always think of the Old Testament as your "crack cocaine years" and the New Testament as the time when you found marijuana and calmed the f**k down.  No offense intended Sir.
If you don't love Him and His Gita you don't deserve Him or His Old Testament / New Testament or Quran.
If you don't love Me at My Old Testamentest you don't deserve Me at My New Testamentest.
What about your Book of Mormonest?
After Zeus, this, the most vindictive god
Who are you really?  Explain how it is okay to have immoral people in charge (ie, Trump). Please elucidate.  Enquiring minds want to know.
What if we loved you in Dogma? @ThatKevinSmith
Selfish God 
Testamentest. Go home, you're drunk.
Old Testament God was pretty awful & drives many away from religion. But hey, keep on smiting if it feels good.
Ha! Nice one God!
God I love you
@rickygervais hahahahahahahaha
the Greeks had many gods, but now only one remains.  Are you a serial killer? Asking for a friend.
For an almighty deity, you’re very needy
The parts with all the pain and guilt?
Yo G! Your "old school" seemed harsher than "new way". Adam & Eve, really? Noah? When did you hand out free will? I did agree w/u & Lucifer 
Can I just like your tweets then we be good?
What? Did you go to AA in the interim? (The intertestamental period, but, of course, you knew that).
Lol
Um, God...haven't You got that in reverse? All the most vocal "Christians" seem to love your OT and forget your NT except Armageddon stuff.
Thank you, God. I hope that's the end of that!
I guess you failed spelling in God school.

what are the addresses...
I get them mixed up...
depends on who explains the directions... 
How awful a person would one have to be to love you at your Old Testament? On a scale of Fred Rogers to Fred Phelps?
Word, God!
Shoulda called it Old Testament II....A.D.ding a New Chapter
Is there a newer testament we can love you even more ?
You mean all that smiting of innocent children? FU
HAHAHAHA
But I still have nightmares about your plague of locusts
I miss the time whendonkeys andsnakes could speak. I miss unicorns, food falling from Heaven. I miss the time when all animals in the world could fit in a boat for the whole year,not to forget all the plagues and smiting you use to do back then...
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
