I don't understand how they can let children read that crap.
Or force.
The Force, like the Bible, can be used for good or evil.
As we've seen, it has been used for evil countless times. Maybe a book that can be used so easily for nefarious purposes shouldn't be trusted. It is so easy to cherry pick verses to justify all sorts of nasty agendas.
Calm down, it was just a pun on @sufferface saying "or force"
I wasn't arguing with you, not sure what the "calm down" means? I just assumed you were doing a sci-fi analogy. I know it's weird but I'm 34 and have never seen Starwars or Star Trek. I do know some of the lingo though
It means that people trying to convince me that it is stupid to use the Bible as a moral compass needn't bother, i'm already an ardent atheist.
Fun fact, this book is from the old testament which are rules Christians don't follow. Christianity comes from the new testament. This here is actually Jewish
Fun fact: Might want to re-read the New Testament.
It's clear that this particular Seagull can't read (not sure how it was able to write the original erroneous Tweet though).
My goal in life is to stir the pot and see reactions
So worthless stuff
“And they are discovered”? Who knew bible rules only applied if you get caught?
A theory that the bible was written merely as a governing tool becomes more apparent the more you read. I read "only if you get caught" and think of the parallels between our leadership now and the people who wrote this shit and it's near identical.
I think about that too. 
On a more frivolous note, i often think about how all the food prohibitions in religious texts might have more to do with ancient lack of refrigeration and Purell than anything else.
Seriously! There's a lot of common explanations for nearly everything in it. 

How many people could read/write back then? Handfuls? 1 in a thousand? More maybe? Restricted to elites? Pretty easy to write up laws no one can read. Hell, we still can't interpret the damn thing haha
What was she wearing?
"She was showing her ankles; she was asking for it."
A shekel for your schmeckle?
Sounds like a line from Rick and Morty
Yeah let’s live by that literally.  So ridiculous that some far right Christians wanna take it all literally.  No room in their lives for progress.
Ridiculous that anyone wants to take any of it literally.
Ridiculous that anyone wants to take it metaphorically, literally or in any way at all #FossilisedPhilosophy
What’s 50 shekels in today’s $?  Asking for a friend.
About $130k I’m guessing.
 if only I were a senator or governor or whatever.
Fifty Shades of Yahweh
If that's true, why didn't you marry mom?? Hypocrite.
Because she consented, obviously. It isn't rape if the virgin in question consents.
Your mom wasn't raped. She just had a liberal approach to casual sex with supernatural beings.
I was my dad and I raped my mom. She said nothing. My dad/I just went in and did our divine nut.

We're a pretty fucked up family, my son. Glad you're a part of it.
Luke 1:38
"And Mary said, Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it unto me according to thy word. And the angel departed from her."

Sounds like consent to me... I think you are just confused from the trauma of being your own father.
That's not consent, my son. And if you take it as that, you must rape A LOT of women.

Stop doing that.
Well he should have paid Stormy’s father, but otherwise looks like he is following the rules exactly

Wtf
Haha. And I thought this was fake. Silly me thinking there was reason in a 2000 year old book of tall tales.
yeah, but only if they are discovered. if she tells people about it that doesnt count.
And it is totally inappropriate to ask the the man's daughter about it if she is employed by the kingdom for which her father rules --Deuteronomy 22:30-31
*snorts milk out nose*
"If a man happens to meet a virgin...and rapes her..."

Happens to? 

"Well, I was gonna sacrifice a lamb, but then I happened to meet this virgin and got the urge, you know? And that's how your mother and I met."
No one believes this bullshit anymore.
To be honest, there are still plenty of people who follows this crap
What’s that in Bitcoin?
Women were property. For some men they still are.
We were actually talking about a virgin... So I think it's a bit more
People have a copy of the GOP platform in their hotel rooms???


Poor girl, twice a victim
what if they are not discovered. . . . .=>{}

When i travel I replace all the gideons with LOTR cause it's a better story

Disgusting.
Upgrade: Throw him in prison.
I'm a big fan of Your ruling about mixed fibres:

"Thou shalt not wear a garment of divers sorts, as of woollen and linen together."
- Deuteronomy 22:11

Which means any churchgoer wearing poly-cotton socks is going straight to the hot place. Truly, You are a merciful God.
Read the book before making ignorant comments
I read it, and many others too. I leave ignorant comments to those who read and believed just one book.
I would love to see dueling Biblical verses between you and Marco Rubio
Oh please @TheTweetOfGod can you please start a biblical verses duel with Marco Rubio? #iwillbringthepopcorn
''Rape'' the Hebrew word, in this case, translated “seizes” (tapas) can mean many things. “and hath caught her” Nothing to do with rape. But I guess this is what happens when people who know bible from atheist websites try to make an argument.
Why was the word rape used in the translation if it isn’t what was meant
“They are discovered”. “They”. “THEY”. 

Unpack that.
"And they are discovered"
THEY

THEY!

As if she was also doing something wrong! Smfh
Another happy marriage!
Same book: “No, my friends. Don’t do this wicked thing. Look, I have two daughters who have never slept with a man. Let me bring them out to you, and you can do what you like with them. But don’t do anything to these men, for they have come under the protection of my roof.”
Just when you think it couldn't get any worse...
Yep, you break it you bought it.
Is this that Sanctity of Marriage they're always going on about?
If after they are discovered, the virgin shalt violate her NDA, thy barrister shalt offer $130k in cash from thine own pocket
Same book has three genocides ordered by god in it.
How would we have morality without you?!!  Thanks for the direction. Gotta run, I have to stock up on stones.
This is especially shitty bc it forced women to be silent during and after their assault. Who would want to be forced to marry the person who violated you?
It must get on your wick somewhat that some smelly old men some 3, 000 years ago aired their nasty prejudices in your name.
To highlight the insanity of it?
Totally out of shekels, you think he'll take some unleavened bread?
All the religions are the cause of gender injustice and violence against women
Ah, the good book. So much wonderful ancient wisdom....
Shekels were about a half ounce. Silver trading at a bit less than $20/oz.  So, at $10/shekel for 50 shekels, the get-out-of-jail card for rape is only $500.  #stormydaniels
The colonizers religion thou.
You sure do work in mysterious ways.. 
"GOD doesn't make dumb laws."

- Ben Shapiro
Only if discovered. Blasphemy
Yeah but we shouldn't take that so literally right?!
Okayso break it down for us......What does this excerpt actually mean?
I don't know, I asked @TheTweetOfGod. It's what I hear religious people say all the time. 
sadly thank god i am not from there, but places like India still has this kinda shit, and they are not even Christians.
Not necessarily married to them (could be a dated practice?), But yes, told to accept it as blessings from the perpetrator, if it's a relative or a religious leader. 
ahh, plagues of the region.
Dont forget to add that in the time of its writing. what would happen to a single mother without a husband to provide for her? You were there!
Quit trying to make me read!
I feel like 50 is steep. 15/20 tops.
Please God, don't tell me she has to be killed afterward. I've read the book from cover to cover three times, and that's how these things end up too many times.
This is the 1 millionth reason why we shouldn't ever mix religion and gov't
With inflation, fitty shekels has got to be in the $130,000 to $150,000 range, right God?
And Jesus said, "Judas, you could have sold me for more."
I mean, if you totally ignore that the woman is also a person, it does make some sort of sense, like, "you get her pregnant you have to take responsibility". But, again, you'd have to ignore that a woman is a person, who may not necessarily agree with that...
“And they are discovered” the important lines in the paragraph 
If this were the law, Trump would be a polygamist.
Sounds like the GOP platform to me
So you owe back pay to the Virgin Mary's dad?
Interestingly, rape was considered any sort of sexual relationship, even consensual between a man and anyone else, man or woman, who were not married. It was always the man's fault for the crime and he always had to pay a penalty or receive a punishment.
Hahahaha but he doesnt have to if they are not “discovered”
So...she has to marry a rapist!!  No way
#HowImetYourMother
I was about to ask what if she's not a virgin, but an unmarried women who's not a virgin will already have been stoned to death.
What's a shekel of silver worth today? Asking for a friend
@peralesjulie
Fair is fair. Doh!
That's what I like about #ThePremierInn their welcome pack always have some local facts n places to visit.
Good days, men were men and romance meant something back then! Since people stopped following You in real life and began following You on Twitter it’s been all downhill.
Judas betrayed Jesus, your son, for only forty pieces of silver. You have weird values.
"...and they are discovered..."

God is cool with rape if no one else sees it!
Pics or it didn't happen
One of many embarrassing/disgraceful passages believers choose to ignore.
Trump would still find a way to weasel out of the debt, though.
Throw the book in the trash at every opportunity.
That should have a parental advisory
They why did you never marry mom?
This'll be that moral compass I keep hearing about, will it?
....and if they are not "discovered"?
"and they are discovered?"  damn, always a loophole...
Seems legit.
Dear God ...

#SaveSyria
....be suspicious of everything written by man, even if it purports to be in God’s name! x
Wow! Hey hi there God! Been looking for you. Have a couple of questions I want to ask you. Just hold on, just quickly want to fetch my baseball bat before we talk....
What if they aren't discovered? I feel like your instruction manual is half-finished.
Reasonable
Dating was easier then.
It doesn’t say “rape.”
Well, that's one way to get a hot wife...
Looks like “God” is using a shitty translation. That scripture passage describes seduction, not rape. The verse before it (not quoted) describes rape. The penalty is death.
That is not what is said in those verses. Rape is noted in Deuteronomy 22:25 which says if a man rapes a woman he must die. The verses you stated refers to consensual sex and it was pretty common to buy your bride in those days.
I.e. "If you're single and don't want to be anymore, save up 50 shekels ($420 - according to current silver price), find a young girl and rape her, give her dad the shekels and - Voila! you're married! " 
"Oh, and because she WON'T be a virgin on her wedding night, you'll be able to stone her to death on her daddy's doorstep, and start all over again when you've got another 50 shekels!!!"
Any room to haggle on this one God?
Thats a lot of money
And this is the Holy origin of your local shops, "you break it, you bought It policy. Amen
Good old duetaromony...
This is jus old crap
Ugggg
Isn't this a good thing? Old mate did the wrong thing so now he tries to redeem himself with money and commits to her because of what he did.
As usual , U R allowed to criticize Islam , be blasphemous towards Christians , make fun of Hindus, laugh at Buddhist monks BUT you wouldn’t dare to make slightest comment about the Jews or their satanic rituals or horrifying monstrous book of Talmud . Even god is afraid of Jews.
I would be arguing with you at this point had you not made such a valid point.......
*both turn and look at Tweet of God*
Holy Cow! Missed that one. 50 shekels silver was huge amount of money back then. (What was your cut?)
But only if he gets caught.
I know no one’s going to read my reply but I’m still going to say it. “Rape” in the bible as it applies here means any premarital sex. Not sexual assault/ non consensual sex. That law was written to assure the man takes responsibility. Now if no one ever found out, that’s on you.
Hey just read that this happened in Russia!
this too??? 

Deuteronomy 25:11-12 

“If two men fight together, and the wife of one draws near to rescue her husband from the hand of the one attacking him, and puts out her hand and seizes him by the genitals, 12 then you shall cut off her hand; your eye shall not pity her.
WTF is god so obsessed with virginity and genitals? Almost like it was invented and written by some primitive men in the dessert.....
Well done God! You did it the right way! The other option was to stone her to death! But you are so merciful!!!
The phone book?
Uhhh, what's a "virgin"? I'm not familiar with the term? Is it French, Latin or Portuguese?
Sorted
So the woman gets raped and violated and then is forced to marry her rapist.  What a system, eh?
And when he is not discovered? Is that even possible with god and his omni powers.
Na........ Doesn't apply anymore.  The Anno Domini God is much more civilised, unless you disagree with him!
Like the Koran, the Old Testament was pretty weird, but at least an improvement on what was actually coming down at the time. Old Mo prohibited the burying alive of unwanted girl babies; this was a great leap forward for females. Most likely, raped virgins were being stoned.

Only violated if discovered?? Jeezuz!!

“...and they are discovered...” Convenient ‘out’, there.
I have yet to find this stupid shit in any science book
Gross
Translation: if you fancy a girl just rape her, pay up and she’s yours for life
If you look beyond the surface of all of the Judaic religions they are all born of a sick and perverted culture, and should be mocked, ridiculed and banished from all civilised society
Wow, that's extra specific...
Since shekels aren’t available would a box of Junior Mints suffice?
So, if they aren't discovered it's all good?
The Bible is very confusing.
Bill Cosby better find a silver mine!
Who the hell is Deuteronomy, and was he speaking from experience?
All societies have been redated. This matter is out of date in many countries carrying mirrors handy.
Man, that Dutueronomy dude had some f’d up ideas...
what a nice and uncomplicated way of getting yourself a girl!
Seems fair.
Weird....it appears "Raping" was pretty common in the early days of civilisation

The #MeToo movement is way overdo
Sounds fair
Them's the rules.
What if they were not discovered?
Often referred to as ‘the GOOD book’ ... Doesn’t sound too good for the virgin.
How about I pay the creepy rapist dude 100 shekels to not get married. Sounds better to me :)
Can the bible be amended like our constitution? Or do we continue to follow even though we grow?
Outrageous! That’s what you “inspired” god, you should be embarrassed!
Whenever we go to a hotel, we check all the drawers. If we find that book, we throw it into the nearest corner. Like, actually throw it.
Whats the conversion rate of Shekles to Dollars? Just curious as I am on a fixed income.
Sounds legit
What’s that in Bitcoin?
Think of all the creeps out there who willingly rape a woman or child they want to marry but otherwise couldn’t. To force the victim to see her attacker daily after marriage  is continued assault. #wakeup
Rape is a crime FULL STOP
Only 50 "shekels"? Even back then women were less than men. God fix this for us!
Gee that’s just common sense Dad.
How many shekels would that be today if we adjusted for inflation? Also, weren't you God almighty aware of other places using other currencies? 
Sounds fair
Whats the exchange rate on shekels and is there inflation too? Cause its been a while
"and they are discovered"..... otherwise... he's off free and easy... well actually i guess not much has changed.
Only if they are discovered. Otherwise, he loses the write-off.
Only if he's caught! See they're reasonable.
But if they are not discovered, rape party! Woo hoo!
They already store a copy of the 2020 platform of the republican party in hotel rooms??????
What kinds of drugs where you LettingThereBe and doing when you wrote that shit?
No mystery why the planet is messed up. #religionispoo #barbarianculture
So it's all good if they are not discovered, I surmise.

It's so nice of "God" to teach us all how to be atheists.
50 shekels of silver? That's like, what, 50 pre 1968 quarters?
My Lord, I think Deuteronomy left out the part where the man’s lawyer pays many shekels to the woman and forces her to sign a non-disclosure agreement. The man then runs for a political office and rules supreme over your people. Or was that part taken out?
Aka. The “broke it, u buy it” clause.
50 silver shekels in today's cash is like 1000 bucks.. not worth it.
Everybody judging this! This verse is saying the rapist must be held accountable! He has to pay out of pocket, be a husband & take care of her, bc back then she would've been disgraced & outcast and you can't leave her like that and she's your responsibility now fix it
Quite useful guidance but I doubt it will carry any weight in court
Oh God!
I mean, “Oh, God!”
No, wait, “Oh! God.”
I mean, “Oh. God...”
Only if they are discovered
You’d pay the money but wouldn’t get the woman.
So glad I have never read that book . It sounds shite.
Glad you had your first introduction,  may the seed fall on fertile soil
Watch out Trump if the fathers find out your going to loose all your shekels.
Amen.
Can you imagine a middle school teacher trying to explain this to today’s class?  It would be open season
Your Words, I thought?
You break it you buy it.
Good stuff. Can you send me a signed copy?
Reinventing the wheel ?  No need!  It's all down in writing!
Is that from Deuteronomy or Bill Clinton's book on how to pick up women?
Good work God exposing this rubbish
I bet Melania wishes she'd have fought back a little harder now in hindsight.
Don’t forget about the talking snake. That’s the best part.  someone writes a bedtime story book, and people look at it as fact. 
But God, you are not giving her any say in the matter. Why would she want the slimeball?
But I have no shekels to spare.
Discovered by who? TMZ?
Ladies, here's what you should be doing #SING
@TheTweetOfGod is love and that's the book He wrote!
Meaning, he must violate her a second time by making sure he gets to violate her whole life.
God, does the woman have any say? Maybe she doesn’t want to marry her rapist. 
Believe or not, within the historical context, this precept had enormous potential to prevent rape. It was an attempt to coerce moral behavior in a time when rape was a daily reality for women. It was a very scary time to be alive.
but if not discovered, we’re cool right?
At least buy her dinner first
You don't believe rape is wrong?
Things like that, along with reading some science and doing a little critical thinking is the reason why I No longer believe in you.
Important to actually read the stuff you profess to believe in. Look what might get missed.
I know marriage can be bad but is it really a suitable punishment for rape? God, I thought you could do better.
#7 Hell has three hates: lust, anger and greed
6 The peace of God is with them whose mind and soul are in harmony, who are free from desire and wrath, who know their own soul
#5 The happiness which comes from long practice, which leads to the end of suffering, which at first is like poison, but at last like nectar – this kind of happiness arises from the serenity of one’s own mind.
4 Anyone who is steady in his determination for the advanced stage of spiritual realization can equally tolerate the onslaughts of distress and happiness is certainly a person eligible for liberation.
They left this part: and the women must chop his penis and balls and feed them to the dogs.
que massa
#3 No one who does good work will ever come to a bad end, either here or in the world to come
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
