My thoughts on prayer...
CRS
So.........no porsche?
@daisymessent
#Amen brother
sister
#Queen  #mybad
we forgive you...
There was nothing to forgive.
Lmao
Oh good Lord.
Hahaha! You are the greatest! 
 Amén.
LMFAO 
I understand people ask for stupid things, and your favorite word is  “Amen", so basically you really don't want them to ask anything.
@Grant__Roper
I don’t even think it’s, technically English, dear God. But yeah, I hear ya.
I agree with Dad 
Actually it means,* I really mean it.*But you already knew that.
But God, Amen is a latin word! 
Unless only specifically English speakers ask you for stupid stuff, which in that case, I apologise.
But God Amen is greek not english.
I forgot to ask.....so I still have my 3 wishes left.....or did I mix fairytale to real life....
Ain't Amen actually Hebrew?
Please let me have ONE good night's sleep. Amen.
Amen is a Hebrew word in fact
I'm sorry but that's not an english world.
आमीन
when i hear it it usually means i can finally eat
AMEN  
HAPPY PASSOVER, Mr. God.  
Not in Nigeria sir
#عبدولی تو ادمین این پیچ.
what does it mean?
چی میگی تو...فارسی بنویس.
میگه معنی این چیه؟
(رفیق خارجی مبارک)
Yes, that's what I meant
*Amen*
@ErickManzo3 LMAO
XD
Lmao 
@mathilde_roy1
Stingy are we
"Amen" isn't an English word.
lol, lol, lol
I hope the People who believe in ,The Secret  read this.
Amen is not in English you dork god
good god amen
I rebuke you in Jesus name, want to call yourself God. you are delusional, share his word from a biblesite.  I proclaim from http://biblehub.com 
Is that like http://pornhub.com ?
I think so, but more offensive and less fun
Happy Holiday anyway you choose to keep it.  Love
Amen
Amen!
What an egoistic cruel sarcastic god you R 
Roger that
Can I get more followers please?
Amen?
Wait, so if I don’t say amen, we’re cool?  Right?
Ameen!
@JeffreyMC16 qué pacho 
Jaja.
Well okay, I’ll just go and wash my feet and have some supper.
Still wish they'd gone with Ra Ra Ra instead.
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich 
AMEN AMEN AMEN AMEN AMEN AMEN AMEN
YAHWEH, do I get to go to HEAVEN now???
Harsh...
(But probably a fair point)
@PANGlNOON
Shit always comes back !!
Dear God. I don’t believe in you, but if you believe in me, please send another flood - just a small one - about the size of DC. Amen.
@Brazil_IM
I don't know about that. Way too many people say Amen everytime they want something! Nauseating to be honest!
@SteveMaddoxKC
Hey God I was having fun with my girlfriend last night when I got the feeling I was being watched. Was it you again and do you know voyeurism is illegal ? Lol 
Just this one last thing...
If God's all good and all knowing, shouldn't He already know what needs to be done? Praying seems like you're bugging Him to do something like He's some lazy and unreliable employee. "Jesus Christ, I'm working on it!"
But God, amen is a hebrew word. Don't get your languages confused.

Is amen an English word? Hm lol
Can U forgive the naïveté of an abused & abandoned child to believe that praying to Jesus, her storybook savior, might somehow lessen her pain? Might give her silent voice resonance? Might keep her alive thru the worst of it? #IMadeIt
It's cute that you think that Amen is a word in the English language. I guess you're not omniscient after all. #Hebrew #Aramaic

That's like saying that phobia is an English word, instead of Greek.  English language, like any language really, uses lots of foreign words.
Who said 'amen' was an English word? It's in the English language, simple
Amen
@rodrigoaguilar7 @IvanGirn_ hahahahaha
Is belive in this god xd
Por eso queremos tanto a diosito XDD
Bless our hearts.
.@realDonaldTrump @PressSec @WhiteHouse @VP @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @DevinNunes @HouseIntelComm @HouseGOP @SenateDems @seanhannity @FoxNews @SheriffClarke @RealSheriffJoe
Amen is English? Since when?
You deaf git we’re saying “Amazon”
That’s an oldie from way back .... but still a goodie!
I usually have a “PS”....but then, You already knew that...right?
Put it in your pipe and smoke it, Amen.

@KatrickPay
Like this?: Weekly Bible Study run by the highly politicized Evangelical Capitol Ministries, sponsored by many Trump cabinet level officials. Their sermon on environmentalism: #ScienceMatters https://capmin.org/coming-to-grips-with-the-religion-of-environmentalism/ …
Amin
God if you are real then i want you teleport in my room and slap my face
So mote it be .
Amen!
Nanu Nanu!
It's not "Amen" it's "Hey Man". God, you should know that ;)
amen

Amen to that, Lord.
That is pretty funny! I hope you are planning to release a book one day. That would be a bible that I would actually enjoy reading. #comedy #comedian #atheism #atheist @rickygervais
Is Amen originally a english word?  I doubt?
You know we’re never done
like letting your flight to take off on time for a change @goairlinesindia
As intimated earlier, please DM us your contact details and PNR so that our team may connect with you.
Pshhh. Your answering machine has been full for 2,000 years. You haven't listened to prayers in AGES bro.
Amen to that!
@HeatherHastie

@milldawg17
Hail Satan
except "amen" came from Amen Ra the egyptian god....
My favourite tweet this week
So, who is the worlds leading expert in Medulloblastoma? Not asking medical advice, just contact details - I need to connect people. My nephew's 1yo son was diagnosed today, surgery on Friday, usually followed by chemo. Any help appreciated.
I thought you were the epitome of patience and generosity. What’s up, God?
Stop doing this shit ! 
Just think as an atheist or agnostic ! You don't know but think : if there is a god , I think it will punish you for making fun of god's existence and doing this shit 

You screwd up big time almost every where, but at least somethings u did alright
@Schrader_94
Lol
in such times as these may I submit for your consideration the word....."smite"?....look to washington DC while thinking that one over
Boy, you sure can be a jerk sometimes, God.
I love God! 
I feel like that about Adon Olum finally at the end of the service.
They're never done asking for stupid sh!t... just taking a break.
I've just realised that you only follow Justin Bieber... Your son maybe? 
 you God

Don't tell me you never heard my children's "Oh yes and..."

Amen
Your father!!
LLOL
So what your saying is if I quit saying Amen, you’ll give me that million dollars I’ve been asking for??
Word!
True. You’re like Santa Claus for adults.
Please direct the China Space Station to the right target so that we all can use your favourite word in unison.

To be religious you have to click off and suspend the analytical and logical part of your brain. It's a necessity to do so.
Not an English word but if you say so, god
Still remembering Amenhotep: another death and resurrection
I use God beg you, Repent!!!
Lmfao
Amen, Lord
LOL
Not very English, is it?
That's also the word in Spanish, so... I guess is your favorite word I'm that language, of course after "Tacos"
Apparently you gave @WalshFreedom his right to own a gun and made it supersede anyone else’s right to live without fear.
Amen is not an English word
Not originally, but it has been adopted as one. To be fair, all English words have been derived from other and older languages.
I guess.
Ohh that so harsh God is absolutely not like that!
The is brilliant !

Dios no seas malo, yo tengo fe 
Unless it's preceded by "Can I get an"
What do you feel about #Jihaad?
Lmao.
But you created us!!!! So stop with the whinging!!!!!! Amen 
Whoever you are. This is not cool 
ROTFLMAO
You’re not Santa Claus?
LOL Amen to that
Who is behind this account

God seems to be getting wiser!!


 Amen 

Amen!
I'm Methodist. "Amen" means it's time to eat.
so be it
Is this the god you accepted?
Doesn’t matter. I’m still praying you turn me into a living Garfield the Cat every single day.
@jntugaineyo
Well said! 
Amen to that.

24/7 @AmenOfficial
Can I get a haircut and move out of the sewers yet? I don't care anymore @Orville_IV
And my favourite hindi word is 'Aman'(My Name) because it makes me know that someone is asking me for some holy shit again...



Lol
heeheheheh
Mine is tough titties
"so be it"
You must get sick of all those meal 'blessings' 
 Well, a little 
Wow
Its a hebrew word....
Amen, P.S. can i have a lottery win please
Back before atheism took hold circa age 10, RC grandma's attitude made me believe it was, "ah, men!" (She was instrumental in my losing belief, yelling at Dad our whole family'd be in Hell - & she in Heaven - if we became Episcopalian so mom could get BC after 4 PGs in 5 yrs.)
It's about time you get some work done, u been resting since day 7.
Hahahahaha
It is not an English word
Amen is not english
Latin is not English, God. Sometimes you are stupid too
Nowadays god is on steroids
Apeople you meant? Asking for a Trudeau

O God, who art on Twitter,
Hallowed be thy name
Give us this day our daily bread
To deal with all this WH crap
And lead us not into angst & despair
But deliver us from that evil orange tan
Amen
LOL.
lol too funny...
It is Hebrew, My Lord!
So be it!
Nema

Yeah it's right up there with punnet .
*Favourite* - that's the English spelling. Come on God get it right 
Dear imaginary sky-being. Amen isn't English.
Che è una parola ebraica 
Your Universal Lease runs out in 2 years 
Amen isn’t an English word you silly old sod...
You’re an idiot. It’s a word in the English language just like he said. It may be a borrowed word from another language but there are thousands of those in English and most languages.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
