You have a thing for Huxley huh?
That explains @thedemocrats #liberls & #antifa
Good tweet.  I'm impressed, for sure.  But while you're on God's Twitter, why not inquire about Christ's return?
I can wait.... His timing is perfect.
God's?  Jesus'?  The Democrats?
Why you quoting your creation, huh? You should be quoting yourself! Like the deep bumper sticker I saw the other day: "Before you were born I knew you" - God. That's authentic, right? Rught?
"Before you were born, I knew you.  But your dad only knew your mom for 2 minutes."
Hence the need for those Mynah birds. “Here and now. Here and now”. Would you agree @ShelleyPennArch ?
?
Too cryptic for me @dub_murphy ....
You’ll have to read the book then @ShelleyPennArch
On my list...
“Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.” -- voltaire
Candy gif for Mongo!
Mongo opens candy slowly. Mongo been burned before. 
Yes, you have!
One of my favoutite books
There’s only one god so send for the men in white coats
It's Costa Rica right now...
I just cast spells in your name like a wanna be son or warlock some big words there over my head and i cant be bothered reaching for my dictionary but hypontists are scary unless they give me the power to fly
Sounds like he was describing evangelicals..... or Zombies. Take your pick.
As a friend of mine from Italy always says:  the Mother of Ignorants is always pregnant .
That's frightening and true if you simply look at our history as 'industrailized' Homo Idioticus
same case w/ cultists......& ppl like me
You said it God.
*hits blunt*
If the philosophy for governing America was inspired by Huxley, and not by Ayn Rand, the world would be a better place.
All Hail Derron Brown!
Trump has 35%. Huxley underestimated....
*her
I wonder if the world is chiefly ruled by old-fashioned, prescientific democracies!
And the 80%!
Technically correct. Mathematically wrong. There's about 30%.
One of my favorite books. And where I got (the first part of) my Twitter name! (the birds)
Thanks for reminding me of that great book. Probably 50+ years since I read it. Time for a reread.
Yup; welcome to our brave new (dystopian) world
Are you trying to disprove yourself, God?
God meet @JoeWalsh ...Joe meet @TweetOfGodd ...I'll leave you 2 alone
"The Doors of Perception" - from which Jim Morrison got his band's name.
34% will do it for a 1st world country too.

How's Aldous doing up there?
If you read Scott Adams' blog during the primary, and the election itself, you'll see this is precisely what Trump did.

With Adams cheering him on the whole way.
Nailed it!  That's why you're the G-Man.
Ok, now i gotta read that too. Trying to find a copy of Ape And Essence to reread
The criterion of reality is its intrinsic irrelevance
Here and now boys, here and now.
But it gets better. One group always thinks the other is the one being fooled.
I remember reading this years ago. Frighteningly reminiscent of what is going on now, right in front of your eyes.
Eureka! @ChuckLorre1 . Totally makes sense now.
Damn, reading your tweets now I know what stupidity is.
"Armaments, universal debt, and planned obsolescence- those are the three pillars of Western prosperity.  If war, waste, and moneylenders were abolished, you'd collapse"
Naahh Can't happen here!...can it?...Can it,God!....
God?...hello!,..hello!..God?,...
God are you there!....
You just captured Obama so precisely. Congrats.
Fanatical...idiot
It's unnerving how often I log onto twitter and God is at the top of my timeline. Dude, this is where I sin, and this is why you get 10% to fix it. We've been over this
AKA TRUMP
Too true!
Sounds like Dems & Reps lol
God you’re boring sometimes ...
Omniscience is a fancy word for plagiarism
Chomsky also wrote about it, it's called "manufacturing consent"
It's a sin to read,  you will be shunned.
again , just a bag of air !
Attention! It’s just “Island”, no “The”. But you knew that, being omnipotent.
*omniscient, even.
A Peyote or mescaline eater, as I recall...
Turns out he underestimated the somnambulant intellectually dormant by about 15%
Thousands of years later you start talking sense! Even if you are using someone else’s words, well done. Maybe consider writing another book.
Good words to reflect on.  Question is why dummies cause so much suffering.
We replaced them with Faux News and Republicans.
If you are omniscient why are you letting this happen? Do you lack omnipotence? #godneedsviagra
20%?  Huxley never contemplated the modern day Republican Party.
Got any soma up there?
you’re probably the happiest one in the bunch

That's not really original, is it, old boy?
Amen!
GOD kurwa mać pisz do Polaków po polsku.....matka Twoja z Częstochowy,a Ty Nasz polski przecież jesteś
Is she crying again or smiling? Our Lady of Czestoshowa I know the story
polish people myśli,że Maria matka Jezusa pochodzi z Częstochowytotal pojeby
Polska dobje 
My Polish sucks now.
Had a fiancé who was Polish. His father was 1 of the 10 survivors of that small camp that the liberators didn't get to in time. The 10 men escaped the night before the massacre. Americans, Brits & Polish Resistance got there late. 
Dobry wieczor
If she starts crying again please let me know.
yes....Polish people begining cry.......slowly....
That's sad. Tell them regardless whether the statue of Mary is crying or not, the mother of Jesus is very sad that her beloved Polish people are under a tyrant again.
I will search the news for what's going on there.
chodzi o partię rządzącą....łamie prawo,konstytucje....czyli to wszystko co w USA jest normalne...
I guess that's what has happened.
How prophetic.
In other words, a cult.
Are you talking about you????
God did I tell you lately that I love you not that you care but just saying @TheTweetOfGod
You understand that no one in @GOP is going to understand that don't you?
“Who wants loaves and fishes?Anyone?” 
- Jesus, “The Bible”
And that was prior to his sermon...and if you think everybody stayed to listen, think again
You GO, God!
Did you know The Lion King took place before Hercules?
For living for eternity you have an amazing memory
So there is halucinagens in the Oranga Tang?!
Aldous Huxley was a bombass writer tbh
good god no man is an island
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
