Q: What do you call a hot Indian girl?
A: Bomb Bae
Now Mum-Bai.
Is it tho?
Pun intended.
Truth hurts. 41 million followers against your 4.64 million. You still got some catching up to do.
When was this pic published? Surprised no one has filed a case yet.
When dhoni had a magazine cover similar to this with Vishnu as inspiration, there was such a ruckus. I didn't even hear anything on.this!!
I didn't even know this existed...
Brahma isn't that popular here either tbh. Try hitting up Vishnu or one of his recent avatars? Krishna is quite an entertaining debater.
I think Narada instigated all this. He's truly the Littlefinger of Indian mythology.
I'm Indian and I am an atheist, and yet I follow you! That's how popular you are here! 
Me too 
Me three
Me 4. Nothing better than the bantering Yahweh.
Ditto -5
And the 6!
7 OK
Let me speak with L K Advani, as he and Brahma is of Same age.
You went to wrong one. Brahma is creator thus we don't idolise or pray him.

You should meet Vishnu whose reincarnations are helpful for Indian politicians to get votes. In the end, just write "Mandir Wahin Banayenge"...
Could all my Indian followers retweet this? I told Brahma I was really popular there and he didn’t believe Me and it really hurt.
But did he invent dance? 
Though the holy trinity is having own Forte but 19 dance forms are from Vishnu & his reincarnations while Shiva has 3.
And Brahma is called the creator of dance. But so what, shiva is still Nataraj. Roll with it lady!
your account isnt verified yet... that should hurt you more.
verification will not be a problem if he starts showing even tinge of anti Hindu color !
You can hang out with Brahma and gain all that knowledge... but if you need the dope, hit up Shiva. He quite popular in the hood.

Dots or feathers? Asking for a friend.
 !
(note: Brahma is not a rapper!)
Mmmm i thought it was a type of bull.
No surprises,all kinds of BS about God is prevalent.
Brahma isn't too hot around here. Try hitting up Shiva. Krishna's always ready to Tango.
Indians and Hindus are different. You have many Hindu followers that are not Indians. 
Please save us from the Indian version of Trump supporters, aka modi supporters.
The LORD don't save weaklings,son. He gave u balls, u chose to lose them. Not his fault bro. Stand up and fight. 
P.S- Lord don't give a shit about bacteria being flushed down the toilet.  
@TheTweetOfGod save us from this!!! 
निश्चित रूप से, मेरे दोस्त, मैं संदेश साझा करने के लिए खुश हो जाएगा ।
That's why Google translater sucks, sir.
ভিন্ন ভিন্ন অনুবাদক প্রোগ্রাম ব্যবহার করুন।
That's pretty much cool tho.
Ignore Brahma. Try Vishnu, Shiva or Durgadevi. Their opinions count.
Better still the followers looking for a godman. They are your best bet. Plus you will have both power and money in no time.

Please tell Lord Brahma to shorten the period of “Kali Yug”. It’s frustrating
No dear brother. No.
Could all my Indian followers retweet this? I told Brahma I was really popular there and he didn’t believe Me and it really hurt.
We have 33crore God only in Hindu religion..
And then we Indians have Islam, Sikhism, Jain, Buddhism too..
So we have countless versions of u ;)
Err...Correction bro. Hindus don't have 33 crore gods. It is 33 types of Gods. "Koti" in sanskrit means crore and type both. Don't be confused. 
Sure..
We have been told since childhood that we have 33crore types of God :)
You are popular here. As are 16 million other gods and goddesses . We find god in all forms: birds, animals, plants, even stone. We worship Mother Nature.
You’re getting confused, old man - “Brahma” is just another name for you.
Yeah, he’s stubborn. He created this place after all
Brahma hurt Goddy? Lemme at 'im / 'er /'em . . .
I would love to retweet but you follow Justin Bieber!
Well I'm very popular with Republicans!
Brahma's like that - always throwing shade "oohh look at me I'm better than everyone I am the creator."  You should see how condescending he is to Shiva and Vishnu.
I'm not Indian but this is too entertaining to keep to myself
Neither am I but this is funny af
@s8n I think that you guys will be best friends
Done God. Everything at your feet.
Trust Allah. That guy a big jerk. Doesn't even follow Almighty Allah on tweeter.
God only follows JB
contact Vishnu he’s the GOAT. God Of All Time 
Be very cautious. He can hit even you with KARMA. Say sorry and hope he forgives you.
he is always in denial mode as he is the least popular one here and the competition is insane. don't take it personally dear God, it's not you, it's him.
He's still kind of miffed about not being credited for creating the concept of the holy Trinity. 

Creator, Preserver, Destroyer = Father, Son, Holy Ghost
For this kinda talk try Narad. He's your guy.

Now don't go to Lord Shiva, you cannot survive his wrath, if he came to know you are the neXt god!
Don't worry God. You and Brahma shall be treated equally. Like horror story book characters :)
Don't worry buddy, we got your back
We don't want to drive a wedge between you two. Sort your issues out among yourself we have had enough bad blood between followers of two of the key god's out here !!!
If you wish to play God here. you have to produce your caste certificate so that, a particuler sect could be allotted to you to act God oupon.
That was your 'brahm'
I'd like to think you're a woman because frankly speaking, that wit, that sarcasm, is top notch.
It really hurt me too. But Bramha jee couldn't get this feeling. He doesn't use Twitter.
Still I'm RTing it in hope.
You poor, dear thing.  Come here, God, and cry on my shoulder.
But I am angry with you.....
You guys look alike, don't you ?
Yes of course
Sorry to tell you this, God, but you really aren't very popular in india except in pockets like kerala.
@holden739 omg what is this 
idk we gotta ask joel
@zariiiiiiiiiii1 there we go 
I believes I believes 
Was going through all the replies to this tweet and I found that most of your followers are atheist... Lol
Why should I? What’s in it for me? Why don’t you ask Justin to do it?
God: I'm really popular in India
Brahma: Bull
Modi has asked Brahma to register for Aadhar which he failed when deduplicating fingers of the third hand. Brahma tweeted to @uidai , got negative reply cause Ravan has been denied Aadhar already. Brahma has approached election commission to take back the Lotus symbol frm BJP.
Follow @noconversion #BanChristianConversions  #NotOurCulture  #BanAbrahmicCults  #BanForeignDeathCults  Christianity is the biggest fraud ever done on human race. 
Should have spoken to Shiva!
@AnshulT66
If you see him again. Then slap the shit out of him for creating the religion to oppress & exploit dalits & adivasis for millennia. Thanks in advance god.
Brahma is not the creator of popularity though. So why is he hurt? 
Also Brahma must have thought one who follows Justin Bieber need not be followed by Indians!
Brahma? Did they just sign him to a minor league deal.
For once I thought-
There there Indians are gonna get offended. But it seems we are learning.
By any chance met Shiva, did he come out of himalaya?
Brahma is busy creating  livelihoods, natural resources and infrastructure for 1.25 billion people ! 
He has no time for Twitter trifles… for God's sake ! 
~) 

#HAHAHA #ForGodAndCountry
Wasn't Brahma a Brazilian beer?
That Brahmatron Song will be a nice pickmeup! https://youtu.be/Ae5jjFAK38g  @ClosureInMoscow #pinklemonade
Did Mary feel hurt when you forced yourself on her?
Brahma isn't that popular either, try hitting up ganesh or murugan..
You are being fooled sir !
We use you as a convenient tool to realize our worldly wishes !
Hahahaha... God tussi great ho...
Lmao! I'll see you soon God cause this tweet has me dying!
Did he get upset again and make faces?
Just to be clear, your account is popular, we are perfectly happy with our Krishna..
Discuss with Vishnu and Shiva about this. Brahma is extinct in this country.
Got you lord
Are you related to trump?jealous much?
Whuuuuuuuut
Not really, Allah is no name for God, it just means God in Arabic. But I get your point.
This misunderstanding is prevalent not only in the west, but in every religion and every culture. 
You are wasting your time with Brahma. He gas only one temple in all of India. The one to go to is Vishnu and his various avatars - they are the moneybags. Though if you want to smoke a joint Shiv is the chap for you. Krishna has all the babes.
Ha
Ho
Brahma is OK, but don't mess with Shiva :-)
Bhag Bsdk
Yes I told him so.
Next time tweet 'Mandir wahi banega'. That would get you loads of retweets.
Ask Brahma, is he even on Twitter? So don't worry God has no competition. You definitely have more followers.
Highlight of memorY @NahkoBear is a follower then this is my typE
Y do u care what brahma thinks about u? Believe yourself. Fact is, not only brahma but nobody cares.
Wait, so who's God are you now?
Hurts*
Whatsapp Lord Brahma and follow Him...:P
That’s me laughing at Bramah!

Brahma alone is powerless. You need to take endorsement of all three - Vishnu & Shiva included - in the Trinity to prove your popularity in India. 
Say him we don't have much temples of him
Bcoz u forgotten to tell “only on tweeter”
to get popular here in India you have to link ur Aadhar First 
hahahahah
hahahahahahahaha,
You have feelings?
Actually we are big on Kama here!!
Sure thing. But first, what’s your name? I can’t just call you God. Other Hindu God’s would get confused. It’s like me calling myself Man!
Sorry, but you got the word "BRAHMA" wrong.
That was not expected from God. Anyways God getting hurt also unexpected.
LOL! You don't even have a Verified Twitter account.  Karma I guess!
Imagine asking for retweet. Brahma would never!
U gonna loose this one...
Got you bro got you   @TheTweetOfGod
I will follow Thee, my Savior,
Wheresoe’er my lot (Indians) may be;
Where Thou goest I will follow,
Yes, my Lord, I’ll follow only Thee (and Brahma)
Try Shiva for once...He approves anything you ask for !!
Could all my Indian followers retweet this? I told Brahma I was really popular there and he didn’t believe Me and it really hurt.
We can't go against Brahma , So SORRY won't retweet.
curious... God, can you expand/clarify on, "it really hurt." please
I gotchu fam
what about the Pakistanis? We have a more Tanned version of you
Some people cannot be reasoned with.
Have a coalition government setup with Brahma there and then he will help you with creation of bots on Twitter. Likes and Retweets will come naturally! 
All Indians are not Hindus. Mention Hindu Indians... 
Well done @TheTweetOfGod good going for a part of Brahma's imagination that has been gifted self awareness. Note All the cool gods have direct links to followers. Twitter is limiting ur reach. Try @Snapchat  maybe?
I might create an account called thetweetofbhramha
All Indians are not Hindus just like all Hindus are not Indians :) also Brahma ain't so popular himself coz of a curse on him. Looks like he used your popularity to gain some social media traction. He is quite smart that way. ;)
Should have gone to Shiva, the more amiable instead.
Lol
May be because @sachin_rt is the most popular one here
Lol Brahma himself has only one temple in india. Try latest in the market "Sai baba"
we too
You're so popular they believe in MANY of you!
If Brahma replaced with Mohammed, will that sound offensive..
Yes you're
Well it is true
Your son is more poular here
Brahma is the creator, who are you then???

Jai shree RAM

I don't believe in GOD !
Sachin god is more popular in India than any other god . lol. #Sarcasm
U mean to say it really hurt Brahma (as he was disrespectful of u), as no one worships him here.
I got you fam
I feel for you GOD
what was his reaction?
Sorry  somebody was needed to bust your bubble.
You old styled... you gotta make instagram account be friends with Ganesh and seek help from Krishna  then u will be popular
Brahma is busy chasing his own daughter.
What about Shiva? Or Vishnu?
Just remember him you're in the One Dollar Bill, that's how Popular you're.
I.O.U
Some miscommunication I suppose.........
Isn't Bhramha, Vishnu , Mahesh are different names of God only (only One supreme power).......
Rightly so..... My Lord !
Why truth hurts......?

1.4 thousand Indians follow God? Nice!
Relax. He's not much of a believer!
Brahma is retired among the Trinity
Why u talked to brahma did u not happy with ur association with Jesus, u talk to Jesus or bramha u can't be happy coz u r nothing but manipulate people by the name of God and RELIGION.
By god you’re popular in India! Like I swear to god ! God promise!
You should've spoken to shiva God. Brahma's popularity is nil. Shiva is the real star
You’ve got nothing on  the “true god”. He’s the new kid on the block. Maybe you’ve heard of him? #NaMo
Don't take Him seriously...bcoz there is only one temple of Him in pushkar.
Love how you have given yourself a capital on “Me”. 
Dear @TheTweetOfGod please ask @vijay_nair to revert to our request of Mike Shinoda's India tour, even we have a strong data of 2k voters @lpindiau
Don't even try that angle. Others before have tried and continue to try with limited success. End up in Ghettos. Instead, keep doing good work till you catch his attention. Brahma knows all.
which one Brahma, bishnu or mahesor?
Cmon my fellow indians dont let God Down
Brahma @Chellaney ji,  this guy is right.
popularity depends on deeds not retweets .
Do you the meaning of brahm.first know about it then tweet,mr.G.
Don't be hurt we INDIANS will tell him about you
You indeed are...
Talk to Shiva, I've heard he is more receptive to new ideas...
You need to consider preparing survey questionnaires. Quite engaging.
You share your popularity with 33 million others .. cant understand why brahma would have found it unbelievable
Tell this to Modi. He’ll take care of Brahma, I assure you.
I appreciate that you capitalized ‘Me’ 
This crafty old bearded crook is just testing the size of his Indian followers. Haha
If only you were half as smart as Brahma...
Brahma can't do anything, Although the creator, couldn't make people pray  to him, doesn't even have temples in his name except a couple. Talk to Shiva or Vishnu.
And in ascending order of priority 
- Apna Ego
- Godji ka Ego
- Bhai ka Ego!!!!!
Kabhi hurt nahi hone ka
RTed
And tell Brahma to upgrade , he must be waiting for all on Orkut/Hi5 , and people are on Twitter n Snapchats now.
Did two of you fight each other over who gets the credit for creating universe, more specifically : @realDonaldTrump and @narendramodi ?
Those that follow Indians or Indians that follow? Are you being deliberately vague again?
God left India a long time ago bro.
Don’t get weird, all God’s are equal
Brahma who?
DId u keep Vishnu and Mahesh in loop?
Hahaha
Tathasthu !
You shud hv told Brahma that you were His 5th head ! Then He would hv accepted you.

Next time TC.
But why do YOU want to contribute to overcrowding? We already have enough GODS for far too many people.
Never pegged you as a “keeping up with the Brahmans” kinda guy.
I have never seen a photo of an American Indian with an East Indian. Have any of you reading this even seen the two together? I bet not. I think they're avoiding each other. I guess they find it awkward.
Brahma is Awesome
My not my
ॐSRI राम,NAMAN,Who is Bharaman or Bharm ?ॐ
They are all bot bots
We in India are free to create more Gods, as we deem fit. So we use the word 'God' as a class, like 'ice cream', and are not specifically addressing you.

Now don't tell that you represent a whole class. Even Gods who aren't created yet. :)
Needy.
Indians follow more Gods than you have Indians following you..
Maybe if you make a miracle or something.
Hahaha.. nice one
Brahmma is senior to you. He can see all that what you put here.
Who goes into another turf inhabited by zillions of old (and newer) gods and call themselves popular  At the same time, as a Hindu, you are all supposed to get along
They're busy, the Devil's in country.

So you both hang out together? Or you just text him via god messenger?
Don't mess with lord shiva 
You are god
He already knows! Told me to keep an eye on you...
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
