A harder time than Job?
You work in mysterious ways..
Isn't he everyone's???? 

@delaneyfitz15
should have called it The Bieble.
Nevermind, @reshmanayyar beat me to it by 20 hours.
Bieblical prefiguration! 0:)
Fact: The only person @TheTweetofGod follows is Justin Bieber. 
Gay 
Not that there’s anything wrong with it...
Not unless you’re Kevin Spacey. How old is Bieber?
He’s 24 today... surprised @TheTweetOfGod didn’t wish him a happy birthday.
He did. I retweets it a few hours ago.
Missed it.
@djsleezyg

I will block you if you keep this up, Steven. Don’t slander the Biebs.

SEADLER I MISS YOU BUT YOU'RE HURTING ME

@TracyThayne
God I hope you give the Proceeds from this book to charity!  God doesn't have pockets to put money in, does he?
Lmao I just bumped into your account, hadn't laughed so hard in a while!
@jayashleyyy
God, he punched a guy choking a woman and pushing her against a wall at Coachella
God, how long until Trump's crucifixion?
This was all I got from my free sample:
God, you’re a trip!!! 
Bieber is the King Joffery of Pop. Let it be known to all the fela-earthers!
Hi @TweetOfGodd, why did you deleted this??
Lol
Is there a musical audible version?
Share excerpts for those of us meek souls who can't afford 3 shekels.
If I had a Belieber I wouldn't leave her if I tried...And I saw her face...now I'm a Belieber...I've just finished reading my Old Testament Bible and ready for the New Testament...and in Nooma I've heard that God has properties of feminine?
I just found you (on twitter, I've actually known about you for a long time) and I thought, who could be the one person God follows?
Lol.
God, that was really not funny.
Hooohahaha his imminent crucifixion wow the only spirit God is following .. This is awsome ..  Truly

Fresh out of shecles
Shekels even
Shekels? Why not yens or yuans?
The world is gearing for another world war and you're focused on Biebs ?
Tell me more about the crucifixion thing?
 Ohhhh Sweet Biebus! Here we go again.
Are you f**k serious 

Putting in my order now
Or The Bieb-el?

Oh my only god, your priorities really s__ks.
‘G’ can you break a Daric?
When and where is the crucifixion?
That would be a shame not to see it

I want 2 know.. but when u will come to India???@spdadera
"His imminent crucifixion" - he's not yet crucified? So is there another explanation for his "singing"?
... and i’m the bad guy?!
You should save his soul first.
Has he been to Australia?
Why did u inflict this plague on us ?!?!
God your a scream!! Keep those tweets coming!!...What r u doing about #Barb with her cloned pooches??
Is it on Amazon?
Can I get it at the wholesale price?
How many Nickels is a Shekel?
Oops. Sold Out. bending reality is fun
Someone clearly abused the free will and rated it 1*
You are extraordinarily clever, debonair, and All the Rest. God, yes, your JB is an amazingly beautiful soul whose message is Timeless.
Your finest work since Let’s Go! USA 1992. Good God.
Poor little Dustbin...
Can we just go straight to the part where Bieber gets crucified??... that really would save a lot of boredom.
The book of Eli was better.
LoLing at “shekels” 
Crucifixion or circumcision? Have you seen his nude pics?

And you call my mom "a whore", dad???
Um, ya...no thanks!

You know you are going to get the hate from 240 million young girls for saying he is going to be crucified, justin bieber is more popular than god, so expect to go to hell for that tweet
Bieble, a blurry blurb of Bieber’s blunders bundled blissfully into a book. Not for me.
The Bieble
Hahahaha!!! Better title 
Lord, if it's not impertinent of me to ask, shouldn't that really be "The Holy Bieble"?
I would pay 4 shekels for that!
What about the resurrection part? #concerned
If we all toss in six shekels, can we do the crucification part now?
You’re becoming very grumpy in your old age
Will you include Trump in this plan for 6 Shekels?
Just get on with it.  You're always gassing about what you're going to do - worse than that other old geezer, King Lear.  All mouth and no trousers.
#amazonboycott
Why are people boycotting Amazon?
Nra tv
Are you looking for volunteer scourgers?
Wikipedia is free.
Shekels. 
Holy shit, it's the ACTUAL word of God!
Will you accept 2 goats and a chicken?
Nice!! 

You should remind all Trumptards Jesus was not white. Ha! 
Talk about da nile!?!
Nah, I'll pass.
Yep, cross him...

The crucifixion bit sounds promising

Too funny 
God I have so many things to be blamed upon you. Let me know whenever u get free from Justin
#WhatABargain
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
