So so very true
It is a meme that goeded too far
Sadly I think we’re on the raw end of a universal joke.
Oh please. We ARE the joke.
You are what you is and is what you are but you all are a joke/is a joke than that you are a joke,you're not that funny at all,laughing about evil things is ugly and evil,hate is ugly and evil,when you find you're light in evil than something IS wrong
Punishing people at all AIN'T love at all.. Revenge ain't sweet at all.. Blaming people for things they can't choose for themself ain't good and fair and love and mercy
Good times… Good times…
Until u created humans
Yeah that bible was full of laughs.
GOD SPEAKS THE GOSPEL!!!!!
Thank you 
Amen
Humans are not capable of controlling their toungues, they do politics like birds chirping, it's just a human thing.
Correction, Father. ‘.. untill it all got religious’.
The life is going really bad can u help me 
i vote for Mercury
And it's our fault you created politicians?
Nope it’s ours for voting for them 
Good point, well made, but he gave us free will though. Still his fault?
I know this is a joke, but things were always political. You only realize this when the status quo is challenged by different ideas than its own.
You need to chill dude
How am I not chill? Don't you see my glasses and my comical hat?
Your sideways tilted hat indicates a combat position and has made me uncomfortable.
It’s still pretty damn funny.
Even God makes mistakes. You spelled *sane* incorrectly. 

 The universe used to be sane...
.
You are very http://funny.You  dont want to be understood and let panicky evolve fumny relogions.Instead of discpline,funny confusions.
Until it got religious and political
The fake science fiction universe
@camrelyt omg it’s you.
In the beginning u was arrogant so u created the universe and Adam and eve that was in you're image and u all got more arrogant and full of affliction for war and killing and money and wealth,not a persons god,not the poor once god,not a childrens god
Word
 God Bless Us!! #GodBlessYou @JohnStamos!!
"Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality"  A.I.W.
Very true!! God Bless Us! 
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former" by Albert Einstein
#Throwback:
@JohnStamos:
Politicians?
Dorothy: How do u talk if u don't have a brain?Scarecrow: Well, some people w/out brains do an awful lot of talking don't they?
You're first sin was arrogance so you have always been arrogant, means that you always have been a sinner and that arrogance was'nt that all of a sudden got in you're way and in you're head and Heart, arrogance and power and wealth is corruption
I know! Hmmmmm.......Perhaps some SMITING is due? Just sayin'.......
Amen! Call me!
You mean when you create it Lord? Cause it’s always being like this.
And people think u do t have a sense of humor u sick f*ck
IKR
Universe is all the same. Only Earth has become funny after it became political
Plz someone send 0.30 USD on PayPal. my PayPal email is alexhasselhof@gmail com
.. Hang on.. So it wasn't you who created @HillaryClinton   then.. Was it the work of 
Just like @michaelianblack
And also religiously political.
Sad but true
The universe doesn't give an f about politics. Suck on that for a second
I try not to question your grand plan, but what the heck were you thinking when you created Devin Nunes?
But by definition, you made it this way and knew it would eventually become this. Why did you do that and/or why did you not stop it as you are all powerful? Seems like a "you problem"
Trump is the proof that you can do both
Peace is within you, so you gonna be happy anyway
Still is from time to time, I feel you’re having a good laughing fit out of it right now.
Come visit India....our politicians are huge jokes itself
You're still funny. Really
Maybe blow this shit up & start over?
He's kinda done that before.  Didn't work.
Like hitting the reset button, no?
?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_1LfT1MvzI …

God bless the child who has his own ...
Humans were your big mistake. Should have stopped with Bonobos...
@NirmalyaShukla
So did you ever regret creating the world even just for 1 second?
Nothing wrong with the universe. Only one life form on one small planet that’s existed for a super short time.
Until God was discovered.
god i m very upset beacuse i want somthing god
Jesus should start doing stand-up again...

The bots are screwing up everything 
Don’t you bear some responsibility for that?

Hell yeah!
I keep praying you will stop the snow! Hurry and make the sun shine!
Dear @TheTweetOfGod : why did you created millenials?  The world was fun and party until these bunch of offended cry babies showed up. If you take them back we will really appreciate it, thank you. 
Thanks for the weed, though!!
We’re long overdue!
very introspective.
Can we go back to that time? Like the early 90s maybe? Simpler times. MTV still played videos.
U are NOT wrong there mate!!!
You must have been asleep, it’s always been political.
And religious.
Preach on brother, er father...
This universe
Neil Young said the 1st mistake was going to the moon.
Now some idiot has to send his 
CAR into space???
If man has the way &means he'll junk up all of the universe.
Also& "thou shall not judge" the conspiracy theories aren't too far off saying we never went to the moon.
It was staged in the secret Nevada military base.
We've never gone back &the Russians couldn't make it either.

But that's another interesting story.
I blame those Red Dwarfs....Boz
Best tweet yet, Lord.
What the heck happened,,1984 was like the coolest year ever. The world has really changed. Politics are just to much already.
I know a lot of women who think you went way overboard with gravity.

Ha, the universe still doesn't give a toss about a fart () in space.
Just watch Dirk Gentley's, everything will work out.
God dammit! So true!
So are you a republican?
We'll resort to playing soon, have Faith! (I can't believe I'm saying that to you...)
Dude wen s de Apocalypse
Like you with the NRA?
Because of you
Bitch, please. It was political all along.
Yeah... Thanks a lot.
Smite the orange ogre!
I love it when I first open my Twitter feed and the first tweet is from @TheTweetOfGod and the second tweet is from Satan @s8n It kind of makes my day!!! 
And you are not helping by sticking your nose in with the anti NRA tweets.
You goddamn right.  Oops.  sorry 
Yeah! It's True but Every1 get Results according to his "Karma" 
If you are so honest then you must wilfully come under our Internal Lokpal. Will you??
Ain’t it teh truth...’n hoomanz are weird difficult crweatures. They reason the unicorms ‘n nimjehs hiding.
......and you stopped answering prayers.
No, shit is still funny. The political noise just broke a lot of delicate “professionals”
The universe has hundreds of millions of galaxies all hundreds of thousands of light years across with billions of stars. But the entire universe is political cause of one little spec of dust planet in a not even that big galaxy, sure that make sense.
ye thats ironic....
You created a parody reality show #clusterfuck
Just build a wall to keep al the politicians out
i go budha wasumi give me choose wasumi and have love he imagine
have wasumi .....
It is funny after politics
#maketheuniversegreatagain
You handing out those picky rules to that Moses bloke demanding we live decent lives and don't cheat or murder is an infringement of our rights. If you had consulted the NRA you would have got a more profitable I mean balanced solution.
That would be when you accidentally sprinkled humans into your chemistry mix.
He probably should have stayed sober while in the lab.
It was fine until the claims culture turned up, it has all been downhill since then.
Still the funny people in the comedy shows make millions out of the dumbly elected dunderheads.
So how long ago was THAT?
The Universe is a pond, and I'm a fisherman.
. Political used to be funny, 
Until it started ruining our universe!
Where are you?
Probably needs a commandment to fix this.
Because of you God.
In the beginning the Universe was created.This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
RIP Douglas Adams.
Why did you do so...
Thought you were ‘above’ politics.. Lol 
Agreed. It's exhausting.
Come on God, keep the spirits up! There is still a lot to laugh about, in a sinister dark and cynical sort of way?
How bout some more commandments then? The ol ones were really fun!
Culpa sua
Meanwhile in a religious country like India
Fucking Earth
It’s called corruption expansion.. Exponentially
Yeah being naked in the garden of Eden was the best thing especially staring at Eve and mother nature riding dinosaurs and unicorns around and angels flapping their wings . I miss the damn old days

I blame Inflation. That fat-ass...
It will remain till the so called religion and religious people like u remains on this planet.
by universe, i assume you mean twttr
That would have been you planted that fucking tree in the Garden of Eden and dared Adam and Eve to eat its fruit. "Don't even think about eating that fucking fruit." you said. Yeah, right. You KNEW what was gonna happen. All Satan had to say was "Why not?" & the rebellion was on.
Sire, you are using the word 'universe' and the 'world'.
Well, God doesn't play dice - they say.
Yup
Religions used to be really funny, until they got all political
Don’t worry God, all movies have a suspense moment in them. 
Damn! you have just spoiled it for me. I don't want to see it now.
I used to eat ass.... until I fell down the stairs
How long did that last?  A day?
There are several characters you shouldn't have added.
Yeah, no politics in Exodus, right. Not to mention Cain and Abel...
The gravity around this planet hardly effects the whole universe. But ya, lol I'm sure Mars ''changed the channel...''
Politicians are a joke. And the comedians are the reporters.
Who's fault is That?
Time to hit the reset button!
Stay in your lane UNIVERSE
Dear God the world has gone to shit :(
and you became all cocky..
Used to be beautiful not ugly as it is now
No way there aren't some wild stories of amoeba on amoeba sectarian violence
Yes,  when matter oppressed and squashed the anti-matter.
Good God your political
Hey God, What is  Howie Roseman going to do next???????
You know it's the Devil's fault.
.. devil disagree ..
Oh, it’s still funny. Even the politicians are clowns. 
I wouldn’t say funny clowns I would say mentally deranged clowns.
I miss that twitterverse too 
Politics differ from a country to another. Which to relate?
"@TheTweetOfGod: The universe used to be really funny until it got all political
They say it's all for you. I say that's bullshit.
God I love you!
Stop moaning, when are you going to take some responsibility ...
Solution: have the Second Coming incarnate as a stand-up comedian, NOT as a carpenter this time..!
Do you mean @chrisdelia ?
And religious.
...then people lost their sense of humour and became offended

Until it got politically correct
Tell me about it!
And than zaza pachulia came to the world
Heaven used to be all funny until you chased your humorous deputy lucifer
Oh god, come on! #Politics and #Politicians can be funny too!
Until the big bang got planet earth involved 
Free will and determinism can be a bitch if you think about it.
As if the universe was fucking earth, we are nothing, you should know that.
If only there were someone who could do something about this. Someone like, I dunno, an all-powerful, omniscient supreme being?
and you put all of us smack dab in the middle
Every thing fair in politics...
#NareshAgarwal
Ain’t that the truth.
Shudnt have made man then mofo...
That includes Twitter
You could argue that it got even more funny with how more idiotic it got.
Was this before religion then?

It became funny the day Adam and Eve were created !
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
