He hasn't gotten over Prof.Proton to this day.
He may ended up with cats again 
Zazzie
Soft kitty, warm kitty...
Little ball of fur...happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr. 
Tbbt fans are the best.

This dosen't make any sense.
How did he go up the stairway to heaven ?
VIPs ride the elevator
Hawking isn't in heaven, he's in nothingness after death, which is what he believed in, and is most likely awaiting all of us.
So he's in Saskatchewan?
Ouch...
Lol
Obviously Stephen, you’ve never been here. Better visit.
In the 1980s I worked for the federal minister responsible for Saskatchewan for 2 years. Been there lots.
I know it was a joke, just saw a chance to promote our place. I love following you. I think you’re quite brilliant and funny and politically my kind of person.
Now there's a Canadian dispute for you. Whole thing fizzles into mutual congratulation.
It spiraled out of control quite quickly
Lol
Unfortunately, he can't because he keeps focusing on harp string theory.
This pun is worthy of one small neutral sounding chuckle.
I would give it two sharp snorts.
Got a giggle-snort from me.
So he ended up in heaven? How much is a ticket?
Surrender of your critical faculties.
Not if Hawking's there.
How true! A sad loss.
Give us a clue. FWIW my money is on dark energy actually being off-mass-shell particles left in existence due to their loop partners (also off-shell, obvs) being consumed in singularities (black holes (extant and primordial) and perhaps big bang/crunch (assuming Feynman/Wheeler)
It's been >25 years since I  worked with the maths/physics to be able to rule this in/out.  I'm assuming I won't be able to decide it myself using Itzykson&Zuber's QFT, a copy of Schultz's GR intro and my undergrad  essay on the Feynman-Wheeler absorber theory of radiation
My fear is that Thermodynamics will play a crucial role. I found my T-D lectures so T-Dious that I played chess with a friend in them. More ppl were watching the game than the lecture. OTOH I found a great book in the uni physics library that taught me all I needed for the course
Did Prof. Hawking mention any of that on his way in?
I have no idea what you just said but it sounded exceptionally impressive God I think he should get extra credit for this just saying.
Harp music makes me nervous
Check out some harpists who can rock Led Zepplin or Aerosmith on youtube 
Challenge accepted! You’re right, there’s some cool harp stuff out there.
Have you ever heard of the East Village Orchestra Company? They rock some great classical music!
I have not, but I will accept your challenge again!
EVOC are brilliant!
agreed!!!
maybe get the man a beer .... there is beer in heaven right?
Pertinent question right here....we can’t be playing goody goody here on earth all to find find out we won’t rewarded with a lager!
Lager? If I am being all nice for my lifetime I will want small batch hand crafted IPA, thankyou very much! 
Lager indeed.
To each there own man. I'd personally like many styles on tap and there os nothing wrong with the odd lager / marzen / bock etc. There's more to beer than just IPA
That's true, and I enjoy nice variety. 

But if that lager option is only Foster's then I am out of there.
Lager is not just a style but a type of yeast. Saying i dont like lager is like saying i dont like ale. There are many lager styles.
Ok.... Can I retract and just say "Beer good?"


TheTweetOfGod is the pinnacle of Twitter for me.
He'll be slapping Hawking about saying "so tell me now I don't exist" 

Hey if I know when I die and exactly when should I like pack my bags and hold on to them till I die cuz I really wanna show jesus my limited edition original Star Wars action figures
What if you end up in hell 
Then satin is really gonna love my jar jar binks model
There's really harp music in heaven? Ugh, forget that, I'd rather go to hell, if it means I get to hear whaling guitars  all day 
Harp music is in my version of hell.
Actually that makes more sense now that I think about it lol!
I just found out from the obit that Stephen Hawking was British.  I never would have known from his accent.
That is so wro....actually that's pretty damned funny.
I hope harp music, while beautiful, isn’t the only option there....
Considering all the greats from Hendrix to Bowie are there, probably not.
Just don't show him the cosmological constant dial, or he'll be playing with that thing like a toddler in the back seat with the power windows.

Is he making you feel insignificant? He did that to most of us down here too lol
But thinking IS how he relaxes!

God, you are on fire lately!
Please post a selfie with him .
Harp music is just a bunch of strings making waves. Are you trying to drive Hawking insane?
It's the music that's making him tense. I think he was expecting Genesis before Gabriel left.
I would listen to him if I were you, which I definitely am not. He might be able to help you clean up the mess you've made of things.
Can only imagine how bored he'd be. I like to think that heaven is a state of consciousness that encompasses marveling at the unfolding of every  secret of the Universe & every Q answered resulting, hopefully in a state of complete % orgiastic Joy & Peace.. But that's just me...
Uh.... &
Not taking it any further lol
Stop taking all the good ones ffs! 

Also can we trade him for the orange buffoon currently occupying the most powerful office on Earth...?
Just tell him how it all works, Christ knows he worked hard enough to understand it.
Make him hangout with Einstein and Tesla, they can show him how to have fun up there! 
I just vomited over losing my parents to Donald Trump. I needed this. Thank you, God.
I'm just sad that Hawking couldn't see this tweet. He would've thought this absolutely hilarious. His sense of humor was legendary
Being the Almighty and all, you had to know that at some point this was going to come back to you.
Please keep updating about him for about, like a year or so. Definitely interested in how things unravel between the two of you.
You make me wish there is a god. 
Stephen... 
He never sits calmly , I too noticed from hell's window ...
God going Yada Yada on Stephen Hawking @IrisVanRooij

Aren't people allowed to import their Spotify playlist in heaven?
He got no Chill.
Y'all friends now?
do they have Taco Tuesday in heaven ?
Um, it's HEAVEN. 
It's always Taco Tuesday.
harp music? dude, it's kinda lame...
Well they do have Prince and Bowie and Jimi Hendrix, remember.
How did he climb the stairway to heaven?

Fuck the harp music. Give that guy the best body you’ve got in the back and get him seventeen kinds of laid
Really, relax?!? He's only been laying down for 50 years, I'd be dancing and kangaroo hopping the entire universe.
Hmmm, telling you about general relativity and quantum dynamics must be his idea of heaven.
Will you introduce him to my Dad? He was a chemistry professor for 38 years, and he hasn't been able to talk about science in a couple of years. 
He died last month.
I'm so sorry for your loss. 
I believe Stephan Hawking was an atheist. I suspect the same of @TheTweetOfGod.
You should share @justinbieber's CDs. Stephen Hawking will get the feel of real Heaven  #Despacito
Heaven is I believe, made either in ones mind or upon this earth; the idea that Mr Beiber lives in his own Heaven construct is without doubt. He probably does not realise it, but those around him sure do. Each to their own little bit of paradise I suppose.
Harp music? I take it this is no longer number one in heaven then, sad face.
Harp music eh? Guess we all know where has the good music!! This changes things slightly,
Joanna Newsom. I'm a fan ... but could I listen for all eternity? 
Alright in small doses,I think I'd miss me some guitar sounds!
You're right. The dark side it is! 
probably just as well!
Maybe best to start doing some bad shit though, just in case it's in doubt!
True, and what better weekend to start!!!
With all due respect, with all the musicians that have shuffled off this mortal coil, why are you still listening to harp music?
Actually wasn't Stephen an Atheist? Spoon he's probably not in heaven right now...Just saying. Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth and the life, no man comes unto the Father, but by me."
This is impactful in an oddly comforting way...
Cut him some slack, he hasn't heard his own voice in awhile.
No the halos aren’t held up by invisible strings. Stop sticking your hand under it.
Ahaa!! So you accept that you are trying to sell 'String' theory to Hawking.
I thought you said he’s already disproved you???
@LaPijortera Man, you called him, now is your problem!!!
Tell him to find about the mystery about the 72 virgins and their distribution amongst the chosen ones
Bravo, Almighty. But don’t get him started on the Holographic Principle...
Harp music?  Sinceriously?  That's sooooo 3,000 years ago!  That place needs some METAL!!! 
Don't you have some architecture specifications or source code you can show him?
When I die, and if I go to heaven, do I have to fly United?
Did You and he go for walk?
Give that man some ale
Yap
@asadakam
If you want to chill Stephen Hawking out,  just give him some champagne, that'll make him happy.
I love that he did this.
Please tell Dr. Hawking, that Douglas Adams already solved this decades ago... the answer is 42....
Can you at least tell us the dimensions of the string? Psalms 92:3 is misleading
Sounds like you have a weed garden up there...
I mean harp music, man....
Wait. It's harp music? So no Jimi? No Stevie Ray? Prince? Bowie?.... Please ignore my good deeds and send me to hell. Please and thank you.
I think #StephenHawking can create a better universe than You.
Get a lesson for next time.
No. His floating somewhere
He's not gone if there are other versions of him the multiverse.
Thanks for the smile. It was much needed. 
Tell him to try the weed. My friend has told me good things.
what? no Metallica? and you call it heaven? humph.
I hope he can dance again in heaven.
Amen
Take a walk brave man,you are free from the bounds of earth
#StringTheory is the answer God... Goddammit just ask #EdwardWitten 
#DillyDilly
Does he still talk with his computer voice?
‘Stop thinking’. Classic god. Lol
At last, you can hear his voice. Loud and clear!
This guy was definitely waiting for Hawking to die to unleash these jokes 
He was pretty tenacious down here too.
Does anyone really enjoy harp music tho? The answer is no. They are just being polite. Please let Prince take over. You'll thank me.
Knowing Stephen Hawking, he probably thinks he's talking to nothing.
good god stop harping
Steve, try the endless buffet!
I don't know God. Seems to me you have an opportunity here to learn a few things.
And weed
@georgia_foster1
Wait you mean Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz
didn't already confront you about that? Or were you too busy paying attention to Newton?
Dear God,
Please tell me you're not gonna let any of these people in.
"Quantum Mechanics"/Quantum Electrodynamics". Make up your mind you silly old c***
I hope he’s able to speak in heaven!
He does he was given new body and wings to move around
Dude is going 100 mile a minute
Harp music??  What happened to Prince and Tom Petty??...and Elvis and Fats Domino
Brilliant!  
Just tell him that since humans can’t even handle free and fair elections, he needs to chill and enjoy cloud-bouncing.
Harp??  No Rock?  No Rock n' Roll Heaven?  Damn it!  I don't wanna go.
He believed in vivisection. I don't think he's listening to harp music.
Still waiting to see the paper proving this theory of nothingness?
roflmao..but really harp music??
But if it's the 'thinking', precisely, that he enjoys...? #DoNotBeSuchAPartyPooper, for the love of yourself...! 
We are all made of stardust and will return to stardust at the end of time. Hawking is stardust-in-waiting...in fact I hope some of his ashes are taken up to International Space Station and let out into space. That would be so cool.
Please make that learned soul dance once. That will do. Thank you and send him back for once more.
God, why don't u give him healthy body in heaven ? 
He ll be busy enjoying it, and stop thinking so much.
 “And he’s riding the stairway to heaven  
Can you please verify with him if this quote is true?
Sounds like he's enjoying it so much he decided to contribute some harping of his own.
He's @TPUSA
.

.
@TwoPointsBBall¡
We were certain Led Zeppelin was the standard playlist up (over) there.
HA!
when jamie says "does it ever stop?" he means one thing, but apparently with someone like stephen hawking [rip] it can mean the same for the brain.
Playing for Change La Bamba. Great harp.
Oh God You're Hilarious 
Not sure you can handle him. Send him back.
Thanks for a much needed laugh.

I need some harp music too. Stephen doesn’t mind sharing, right?
Heaven is that boring? No way I am coming there. Even if I get a vvip pass. Duh
The stars seem a a bit brighter
You win the internet today!!!
He is no where. dead and gone. Don’t use Stephen Hawking to further your cause.
Jeezus Christ God, lighten up on him. You created him after all.
Being released from the prison of his physical being, and becoming free matter once again, is Hawking’s heaven.
Don't get him started on 'string' theory....Boz
If it's only harp music, you're somewhere else.
He’s back already.
Some people are just so intense
since when he started working on quantum dynamics instead of mechanics? 

i knw they're kinda same but still there might have been a big difference for the maestro bw the two.
Blessed be the Lord ♡
Cc @_LadyBeatrice ;-)
Yea, Yahweh!
Lmao0
I shouldn’t say this Dad, but SH was really hard to look at and listen to as a mortal. I hope you fixed his annoying defects. BTY, is it safe to assume he’s the same old pussy hound he was during the Mercury missions (the narrow window when America was great)
is there beer in heaven?
I'm sure he doesn't believe he's in heaven. Dude has got to question anything, theorize everything.

This is what happens if you don't just tell the guy!!

He's gonna be on you like white in rice.
wait!  where is Prince?
Try to calculate the path back to Livin Stefan Hooking... we miss u here
This is funny! People need to lighten up and laugh!
Glad to hear he made it up there!
Not crazy about harp music tbh O Lord
You should be like that, if you were real!
Harp it was
just do it
So atheists goes to heaven, right? Is that because we ignore your existence and now you wanna prove us wrong? @TheTweetOfGod
I think this is fake news

‘Stop with the thinking ‘ in heaven!!!, thought we do that in WH...heaven
on earth ..oh oh oh oh.
I thought God WAS the single unifying theory :-)
Listen to God Prof!

http://www.gyanpointweb.com/2018/03/stephen-hawkins-10-motivational-thoughts.html?m=0 …

Scientist Stephen Hawking 10 motivational thoughts

Must read and share to all
I'm enjoying every moment of life.. time is coming  so fast..  everything will be change 
Beer?
Harp music
So how exactly does an atheist get to heaven anyway?
A word in your shell like ear God. Why are are you calling up the good people, the special ones, and leaving all the crappy tosspots down here? What's your game bonny lad?
Glad he made it to you, lol. May his memory be for a blessing always.
Solid
So that's the problem with you, you're listening the harp music and never looking what's going on down here!
Just get him laid, he'll chill out quick enough.
I know You're covering up the fact that You can no longer remember how You did it. You shoulda took notes.

Can you not just be honest for once in your 2500 year old life? Tell him that Human beings think small and always imagine there must be a box where thoughts must bounce around. Tell him, there are many Laws, but Humans need to concentrate on a more rounded approach to life.

You can't keep a good man down
Sounds like he’s doing the harping
Don’t forget string theory
God has met His match!
Hawkings as a match for God? C’mon! You must think too highly of Hawkings who could not help even himself while here. There’s no evidence God needs help from anyone. God is so holy and hallowed that only the holy can approach His holy presence. No kidding at all.
I was only making a joke on a Twitter account. There was no reality in anything I wrote
I doubt he'd stop ever, such a brilliant mind.
Yeah you'd love to imagine Stephen's reaction to having full command of a body.
Ha if only, such a totally unfair hand he was dealt - the greatest modern mind trapped in a body that wasn't working.
Not wrong in this case :(
I never knew God was this funny.
So this means that the smartest man in the world has died, and the dumbest man in the  world is still President. Why do I always get the dumb ones?
@yannimfeltes u must see this
Enjoy the harp music hahah
Will I still have to grate cheese in heaven?
Atheists don’t go to heaven they don’t believe in it lmaoo
Are you triggered
Why would I be lol
well he saw his idea of heaven before he died :)
No doubt the idea of heaven is very subjective!
ironically only the living can redeem them self  unfortunately for most its in there last breaths
 heaven and helll is individual more like a multiverse  ;)i figure if everyone dies be noone
One man’s heaven is another man’s hell.
angels and demons on the battle field :D
Just like life on earth. A constant fight between good & evil.
well the universe the age old light and dark but neither is anything with out the others objections  hence the laws of equal and opposites
Yep, there’s no right without wrong. It’s the yin & yang of existence.
1उह्झुयीउउह्ह्य्य्य्युउउओज
What a Wonderful, Talented, man he was..
I thought he later believed that the Universe has a 'cause'
Quantum Gravity, Quantum Gravity, Quantum Gravity, Quantum Cosmology.
2014 Stephen Hawkins "There is no God"

2018 God  "There is no Stephen Hawkins"
I wonder if he still has that funny voice
maybe you should listen to him because you are really f-king up down here...
Satan
Don’t get too far ahead of yourself— he came to see me first. He said - “ God is putting bad ideas into people’s heads”
Heaven? Really!!  Illusions of the weak and of those without critical thinking  .  Whatever enjoy the fury of the believers 
Steven is not bliver
Do you think so
@jody6collins9  haha
He made it to heaven, to start?
Stephen Hawking tweeted out an ethereal reply: “I’m here in heaven, and God doesn’t want to hear about science. I didn’t know God was a Republican!”
He could also be in hell. You never know
I thought he didn't believe in you!

This is greatest Twitter account ever!!!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
