I'm ready to jump off...if it doesn't end soon

The end of the world happens every second of every day for some poor fucker
Hii
Come on.I have not finished GOT yet
Now you'll tell us a little extra in the collection plate next Sunday will buy us some time...
Who the fuck wants extra time. Thats like saying for an extra two thousand ill have a rhino gore you. I just wish god had better aim with lightning id say strike air force one
And the devil arrived in the form of @realDonaldTrump. Well played, Satan. Well played.
Na Putin is the devil @realDonaldTrump is just one of his worshippers
One of my most favorite truths. Thanks. May you be with you. #Love4All
That must be what your career feels like Javagaum.
What's with the suspense, O Mighty One?
I can't wait to... .
Moyili Sriramulu Telugu Teacher
Oh God
God stop your games grow up and take so Damn responsibilities
The world won’t officially end until your Son returns.
Have you turned in to Shiva?
Right
AMEN
When u say world do u only mean earth or u include other heavenly bodies too...
I've been ready. Endless sleep no work. YESSSSSS!!!!!!
So that's a big bang bang bang bang bang.......
The world is without end. Only the age ends. #truth 🕆
I thought this was my anxiety speaking to me now I know it's God
This is very profound.
Yes indeed
 ma da li Bog i ti delite teoriju 
Sooner the better
No please don't say that. I haven't even enjoyed married life yet. 
If u haven’t enjoyed ur single life there is no chance u will enjoy the other side
Well said @ShahSaimi 
So far , So good....
But we don'feel when the end of the worl..
A fact 
For someone's...Not THIS one!...shit!  My car just died on the train tracks...brb
Dude, any time soon would great, thanks.
@rickygervais why do you retweet him if you don’t believe in him?
it will be faster with trump in the white house
So true. I didn’t know we could keep surviving.
But is it the end of the world as we know it?  Cos I feel fine
At least there’s an epic REM song to accompany it
That's fine, this is what us rednecks have been waiting for, BRING IT!!
Not THIS world. 
How many galaxies did you create anyway?  
When could we even see stars?
Are you messing around on us, 
big guy?
There just aren't enuff drag queens to friend and the babymen were so greedy and dumb, 
Meh happened
So
#Jubilee 
Where's our stuff?
We weren't hidden
Can it be now?
That's a lot of coming.
Why ?
Stop scaring the kids. For tour own sake!
& the top thing keeping me around until then is tweets from you.
Je sais.
Finally!!!!!!
Yes sir
Sad but see it in so many ways!
That's it, drag it out, you truly are a vengeful God, thanks for the alcohol though, nice touch.
I know we’ve never spoken but was wondering if this is a divide and conquer situation or plain ignorance?
For somebody.
Just freakin bring it!!!  I’m exhausted and bored with this shite!
True
You’re all doom ‘n gloom.  Any good news?
What a joke be serious God for once only
how very Buddhist of You
Says in the BIBLE that we have control of time. What DOESN'T He give us??? I believe it's in book of Hebrew (memory, memory, memory)
What the Heaven are you waiting for?
Thanks I was already having trouble sleeping.
This is some deep shit.
Have you been on the Pineapple Express again ?
Yeah yeah, we already know you doomed us. No need to brag about it. 
You said it, not me.
As the saying goes: Every hour wounds, the last one kills.
Ik ben om. God bestaat en gaat zelfs sociaal media niet uit de weg.
Gods been a cripple since the big bang , & hes totally unavailable for comment .

@RustyCage95 I’m sure you already follow God but in case you don’t, I’m tagging you in this tweet that I think you’ll appreciate.
Every tweet!
Is it March 2019?
Just between you and me let’s postpone there for a little bit
You'll enjoy to burn the world. I'll enjoy BBQ using that fire. Would you like one?
You mean the end of the world as we know it.
Bring it God!
“Deep Thoughts” by....god. #90sSNL
The end of the world is not coming.  Human beings are not that important. The only thing coming to an end is mankind's over inflated egos
But can you make it every second?
Not on my watch that I don't wear.
God is WOKE!
Every part of the second .
Remember when you predicted who would win? You really are god aren't ya? ;)
Oh good-o, god is on twitter! At least we can all hear the (somewhat morbid) word of god now.
It's been a bit faster on the last two days though. Just look at the Dow Jones
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich 
YAHWEH,  The scientists moved the Nuclear Clock to,
2 minutes before midnight.  Accurate???
Can you save the animals thou, just eliminate the humans, just saying, they haven't done anything wrong to this planet

That’s the way! #MotivationMonday 
Deep
Get on with it already 
What? Well why did you give us a dinged up wobbly ass planet?  Fix it!
And you can almost see it from Trump’s desk
Never knew god is a nihilist
He wasn't!   Until Trump and Twitter patter. Then he realized the kind of Savior the American people really want!
That means your doing one of these infinite universe thingies.  Show off
Probably one of the most profound things you’ve ever said @TheTweetOfGod
The narcissist is back
Correct.
FROM THE BEGINNING.
So, Were're Not Even There.

(Quite a relief,
   says Schrödinger's Cat.)
And we're all "not living but dying minute by minute"
Stop talking shit and end it already. Lazy ass deity.
Death by 1000 cuts.  Thanks a lot.  Jerk.
OK I have four bottles of scotch.. And a nasty splint ready to go.
So, that asteroid that Bruce Willis  took down is a lie??!?? Dreams f#:NG shattered man. @rickygervais
Schrödinger’s Apocalypse: it’s both ending and not ending.
Jesus aren’t you a chirpy guy.  
Next you will tell me the Easter Bunny’s not real
Been waiting for a long time dude, you are so late

can i get more Kool Aid Rev. Jones?
Deep
plz god go and tell the "peacefuls" that you are not allah and they are following the death cult of satan.

Rest assured we will take humanity to a better level
Gee, that’s comforting, thanks. 
most people tell me i'm a pessimist- but i think i'm pretty upbeat in comparison

You've been dethroned by @realDonaldTrump 
Everybody’s world comes to an end one day. At least we get to exist, unlike you...
Isn't that kinda dark God!
But not on Tuesday 
I’m a Chelsea fan please end it now
Deep
Well hurry up already..
Time to tape-down Orange Monkeys, button finger.
When I get up there free up a few hundred years.. I've got some things I want to discuss...
HTFU! I'm tired of waiting already!
every day is the day of judgement.
I'm thinking you're a "glass is half empty" kind of deity.
Nah, just a realist.

It comes with being omniscient.
Mind.blown.
Smartest thing I’ve heard God say all day!
Can it not come before Saturday I’ve just bought a chicken and it goes out date at the weekend so I’d rather eat it before the end of the world, cheers
Bummer
log off david you hack
God tweets through many Davids.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
