Amen to that man.
Well if the Egyptians had had any say in it, we would all have good beer, warm bread, and get paid a fair wage for our labours. Shame they got conquered by the Romans.
Well, doh!
Ah! About time you realised!!!! lol
Sweet baby Jesus! You're right. Not all. I got too carried away
You're right
nah you was high on stardust. Told you not to touch that stuff
I warned yo ass but nooooo you were “lonely”
@rahimaxarsenal I have a feeling you'll like following this account.
Oh come on, God. A bad idea, maybe, but surely not one of your worst
You definitely f***ed that trick up!
Yes sir you are right because The Lord of the Universe is Brahm(not brahma ) who keeps everyone trapped in life and death, its proof is found in the Holy Gita in 11:32
http://www.supremegod.org 
@ThatDarnKitteh 
I dunno about that - we got Mr. Rogers out of it, after all...
And peanut butter and chocolate ice cream
And anime
Pink Floyd alone is worth it.
I'd be on board if you said "Queen".
Them too, Sir!
Clearly, your worst mistake.
Not your best work, dude.
It does seem a contradiction in terms!
Ya think?
Too late sucker! 
good job dude?
The worst thing we have done is inventing you.
I am sure @TheTweetOfGod appreciated the sarcasm.
I love you God 

We are weeds in the garden.
We choke out anything that gets in our way, regardless of how beautiful or productive.
I'm thinking spiders were a bad idea also.
To be fair, Jesus wasn’t a bad dude.  His disciple Paul is the jackass who hated everyone... even JC apparently.
Not a fan of Paul.
"Hindsight"?  Isn't that pretty much the point of Genesis?
Nope. You’re being SO grumpy.
#noahsarkthisshitagain #tomhanksasnoah

Civilization was a great idea. It's the motherfuckers trying to screw it up that's the problem.
KKKKKKKKK
You jest .. You love the masquerade and disguise .. Invention the cure for boredom you taught me that before i was born
Just one slip, and you quit? Brisk up, delegate and relax. You’re still lucky,  won the gold after that fluky hockey shoot out
Totally agree
You should have stopped with cats.
Agreed

Kind of backfired huh?
That was why Christ cried out “Forgive them, they know not what they do “.  It was a God admitting that, “I fucked up”. If it took 2000 years of retrospect for God to say civilisation was a bad idea He’s REALLY thick. I’d have thought he’d‘ve sussed it when he invented a snake.
In hindsight wasting all that water wasn't all that brilliant either.

"human civilization "  never heard of it.
Huh mull

I mean, we've been trying to tell you that from the get go honestly...
Define civilised
You tried, we f#cked up.

Is been grand  oh 
shoulda stuck with snakes, Dude...
Wipe us out then I dare you!
Yes
You thought that before your flood, but then realized that it wasn't that man was "evil", but rather a young species (that didn't know better YET).  At least that's what you told the writers of your words.
I am human and I say that is true.
How can I trust you when you only follow one person. And that person is Justin Bieber?
Took you 8 million+ years to realise.
Stop looking at people's hinds. Haven't you heard about the Me Too movement?
Ouch
It still is.
In hindsight, god communalization was worst idea!
Haha ... we are a virus on this planet
We agree they aren't making a very good fist of it. As a species they tend more to be virus like.
You neglected to make it civilised. ;)
nah it was giving us free choice
About damn time you noticed.
We all have a morning after regret story, so don’t feel too bad
Good idea
Yup. Sorry to say it God, but you screwed that one up big time.
Perhaps we should give it a try first?
Hahaha! Made my day with this one!
Yup it is but mistakes happen even from the god 
As noted in "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy."  Now what about 42?
It was a great idea. It unfortunately; suffered heavily from shotty craftsmanship, and poor planning. What's important is that you learned something. Hopefuly you try harder next time.
No no, civilisation is cool, humans never reached there is all...

You just now realize this. The human race is only in the slightest manor better than your avg parasite. Nice job god
That's why we NEED gov't regulations because humans just don't give a d***  2 do the right thing when MONEY & GREED take over!
You already tried to drown us all once.
Don't judge too quickly we haven't had as much time as other epochs.
For once,  I   agree with you!!
Depends on which type, or what human civilization you refer to god. 
Admit it, it was always a bad idea , you were just lonely.
Civilization was a fine idea. Making some of us idiots was the ad idea.
You are using the term loosely I assume.
Animals are the best!
You owe us all an apology, God.
why the heck god is white
Don't blame us. It was the serpent who led us astray. 
Wait what when did we get civilization??
Couldn't agree more, God. Thanks for admitting your greivous error.
Its a good aspiration.
Next time, start civilization with the bonobos.
Please reserve judgement for when we become civilized.
Yup
So bad, that mosquitoes seem less annoying and flying cockroaches less disgusting. Yep. THAT bad.

I will opt for a plot of land for a yurt and some baby goats, if you could help me out with that. Thanks.
Are humans being civil? #Resist
Too late, Mr. God, too late.
Indeed, dear God, it might have been much better if you had minded your own business!
!
I agree. I wish I’d been a daffodil.
Make cats the rulers they seem to have a grip of things
The worst
Is God offline?:(
God can you gets me an apartment in Landon I pray to you I want to leave my country and start a new life some place peacefully... Can you gets me out of Africa to a rich Land...
Conscience bothering you much? Now you tell us! What are you prepared to do about it?
Or maybe god was a bad idea !!!!!
Yep!
Human Civilization is an oxymoron.
I think the problem lies in that whole "free will" thing; it looked really good on paper, when I first laid it out, but it got outa hand
In hindsight, religion was a bad idea... That and money, since humans kill for the love of both...
No hindsight for god. You always know what is right
Don’t you hate it when that happens??
I'm pretty sure I'm cool with you fixing your mistake/ scraping it down into the cosmic trash compactor.
Maybe dinosaurs should have stayed.
The problem wasn't the human race, it was free will.
We have achieved great literature and music.
What's the point? Can you take it back now? @TheTweetOfGod ?
What took you so long to work that out?
You're a bit slow, aren't you?
I hesitate to correct the infallible but when  was it civilized? Maybe  you meant man-kind?
Actually, to borrow a phrase from Ghandi, it would be a very good idea.
Our maybe free will.. Huh
" in the beginning the universe was created this has made many people angry and is widely regarded as a bad move"  Douglas Adams
Yes it was...
I’m sure you meant well.
Hey God, Home come you’re not funny anymore?
I suppose the devil made you do it
Its an oxymoron big G. It will be a great thing when it happens. Thanknyou M Gandhi
Yours, by the way...
What is the alternative? A trump civilization? A troll civilization?
Then send your son back already...sheesh! What are you waiting for!
Damn right -_-
Hasa diga ebowaii 
are you watching #mother again?
Zeus always thought so too
GOD has no such thing as hindsight. You feckin twit. I seriously wish I could hate the idea of you more. I’d love it if you would make that a reality for me. Not sure about my views on the end but I certainly hope GOD is at least part of some sort of train. Fucking cunt. Thanks G
I’ve always thought human civilisation would be a good idea.
We got Dogs tho 
There must not be any hindsight ...If you are God:)
It was a good idea to start with, I think we just ruined it a bit. Some more than others
Amen to that!!!
I don't think you had that as a planned thing any which way.

I think be regrets Trump the most.
Deep!!
You think?
On my way to the lumber yard to get materials for building the ark. Also, I'm not bringing a pair of Poodles onboard... too high maintenance.
Actually, the snake in the Garden of Eden was.
No shit
You could have at least stopped the apple and the rib drama
Omg I am Not Human
It might be time for one of them there floods like last time.
Yes. Very amusing. We invented God. So shut the felterkarb up.
So when are you going to change it with a deluge?
Absolutely! A monkey with power was not a good idea. Wish it had been the giraffes instead of the apes with clothes on, the ones with power.
YA THINK!.!??!
Happy birthday Nani
Just another old man complaining about his son.
Is that why you never implemented it?
Haha - not bad ;-)
Love the way GOD only folows justin bieber 
I smell a flood.
You need a mulligan?
Are we Civilised !!!
Genesis 6:5 following.
Actual you creating the universe is widely regarded as a “bad move”.
This is ALL your fault!
Not untill YOU came into the frame.
Don’t think it was that clever creating yourself pal.
The British asked Gandhi “What do you think of Western civilization?” Gandhi replied “I think it would be a wonderful idea.” - Robin Williams
Was it?

Nah Mr. GOD, adding dumbasses to the universe was a bad idea
Including me?  I’ve been such a good and faithful servant :(
When are you going to open the dam on climate change and turn everybody into fish again?
What civilization?
In foresight, this Twitter handle of yours would endorse the anti Christ who comes in the name of (fake) peace. 
In hindsight worshipping you was a horrible idea.
Very
Hindsight's 20/20!
And in hindsight, it's taken you way too long to realize that 
Took ya a while to figure it out
ok now you're just stealing material from Douglas Adams
As a Canadian, I object. Thank you for listening, eh?
no u.
Nope, just Trump and republicunts were the bad idea.
The most heinous crime
committed by Indians
is that they completely
Surrender before godmen.

So, what y'gonna do about it?
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
