You leaving me hanging was pretty personal.
Eh, you got over it.
Some wounds just don't heal.

Like big-ass nail wounds.
“Just cos you’re paranoid doesn’t mean they’re not out to get you......”
My mum used to tell me I was my own worst critic, so apparently I couldn't even do that well
Funny. I feel your pain..
Thanks! 
I am never wrong, one time I thought I was wrong, but I was mistaken.
F**k it if I don't like me. I don't care what I think about me.
Still working on it! Thanks for the reminder God 
one of the voices in the back of my mind said "ok".
Coming from you? That's rich.

Hard task...
Should we take you literally?
Ok Deus mas dá  uma forcinha
kon??
Still trying to figure-out why you went for binary pairing over asexual 
Because sex is really fun. Especially out of wedlock.
Hey hey hey!

I am unique...
...just like everbody else.
Can I take myself out to dinner?
"He don't know me very well, do he? #BugsBunny.
You are telling me this, now ?
Hi God. Why are people judgemental?
Ha! Brilliant as usual God ! 
I always pretend I'm somebody else. If I screw up it's his fault, not mine.
Seriously?
I think God is speaking from its own point of view. God could be exceptionally smart or simply reading from Christopher Hitchens.
"its" 

I don’t! However, my brain told me once I was awesome, then I realized who was telling me that.
...too late. Now, I’ve *really* pissed myself off. My inner voice isn’t speaking to me anymore.
It's kinda hard...I'm personally a real person.
So GOD why are you white i need to know. Dont take it personally but i would like it better if your were black or any other race.
Have you created Twitter also for your personal advantage?
But if I don't, who will?
I tried but I have hurt my feelings now.
No one else does, this makes it much easier.
Human is a Social Animal. If took personally, it's not humanity. If make it social, you're animal.
Well, we are not taking you serious
Some of the wisest advice I've heard lately. Thanx God. 
Bester Rat aller Zeiten.
k
No-self, No problem 
That"s easy for you to say.
Dont tell me what to do your not my mum
Fui feita à  sua imagem e semelhança  hahahaha  somos gêmeos
Or seriously...
I love every person on this earth, globally 
And he speaks!!
Just do not make me believe that I am the contemporary Job.
I won't
Okey dokey chief
Nobody makes it out alive. Allegedly.
Or as god said, “Get over yourselves.”
Once again the word of god makes me laugh out loud
How can I masturbate if I don't?
LOL. I'm a mental headcase, so that would be difficult to do
as Jerry Lewis once said, "You might as well like yourself; just think about all the time you're gonna have to spend with you."
You need a shave. Don't take it personally.
Damn true god
Try to do a better job when creating the next universe
Palabras con luz, Señor.
Ok
Instead devote yourself to GOD!!
Hey God, how come no Mrs God?
We are facing unemployment issue please help... God...
This is not the actual God this is a parody account. God does not exist. leave the place you are in go to Every business you can find and ask them for work if they say no go back the next day and ask them again the quickest way to fix your anxiety is action move your feet.
This is too deep.
Why we even take this tweet seriously?
It isn't meant to be taken seriously.

Is it still sin to take yourself out....God
Wise words to put out after creating flawed creatures 
Oh god. 
 . . . your awesome
Great advice for AII.
Are you personally personal? 

https://twitter.com/Rakeshm86253465/status/975617523226853376?s=19 …
Now probably females dont need to go to medical store for nutritions they can consume semens hhahahah science dammm andhbhakts.
I tried being 'impersonal' about myself. Felt really weird about it. Then attempted to be 'indifferent'. Can't say that worked either.
Jesus I find this tweet insulting 
I never do
INDEED!
 
मेरा होगा तो जो होगा देश के लिए जो भलाई का कार्य करता है तो उसके लिए अन्याय दुश्मन करोड़ों पैदा हो जाते हैं यह कोई पहली बार थोड़ी है
You try not to take me at all
I can take this life to seriously I wont make it out alive. I just didnt know you'd occationally step on the accelerator as a joke like clowns, corruption, or trump
Wait so is #Buddhism the true religion?
Hii
Yeah like I always say, “here i am but for the grace of God”.  thanks God
@czowiekwschodu I took it a bit personally 
I say this to the wife all the time...before adding, "allow me..."
Hahahaha
I take myself metaphorically
I never take anything personally.....

.....if I did, I might mistake myself for a person.
especially on a Sunday...
I try not to, but sometimes it's challenging, to put it mildly, ya know what I mean?
You too!
Yo when are you coming back for a visit
Whilst I’ve got your attention.... what’s my date of death?
This is actually shockingly good advice.
Interesting profile pic of “god”, an old white guy with a beard? If there was a god it wouldn’t be an old white guy, at the very least it would be brown or black representing the majority and probably female, again, representing the majority!#nogod
Right back atcha.
It is so hard !
God , I was wondering.  You told me before I was born that my 10” penis was on backorder.  Some problem with procurement and accounts payables.  My 21/20 eyes were slow on the same shipment.  Can I get a refund please ?
I mail myself in.
Easy to say for a fictional character.
New YouTube Challenge
I couldn't even get a Jehovah to consider the lilies, he called me big nose.
Good advice pop
I don’t know who runs this feed, but it’s gold....in the everlasting sense.
Hahaha
I take myself very personally, thank you very much! God would be the last to tell me what to do!
I think that's asking a bit much, God
If I was made in your image, I can only say you're one sick puppy 
Why are we then persons to begin with?
How should one take oneself as then? 
Being unattached to the world being a witnessing?
Love.
What if I'm masturbating?
Ok I won't
The last frontier
Emotional feeling poisons everything!
I never have..
He knows whereof He tweets.

I wish you either stop your God Damn tweet or your Darn existence
Who?
That's your job.
I won’t....or too seriously.
I love every person on this earth, globally 
Not even you!
Hii
Back at you.
on that we are of the same accord 
I try not to big guy.
I'm finally off the hook. Thank you.
I take my unpersonally
This man is a god!
Or seriously for that matter.
Wise words
Ok--I won't    thanks
Wise Words as always
What are you trying to say to me God? Are my dreams coming to pass?
Or seriously
Or literally
All the cool people follow @TheTweetOfGod
Tnx .I'll never take dat personally..!!

I wanna do
...me?
I'll do
I wanna die
This DNA Day we're offering a sale on all DNA kits, don't miss out.
