Oh, I see how it is...
@thebaddudebelow
Don't complain, I'll be a lot less forgiving than Peter. You'll have lots of new playthings.
The benefit of having friends in high places

Wow, cat fishing me are you?
HIM DAMMIT!  How many of those clones survived?

Mengele is going to suffer dearly for this indignation.
Think it’s more of Rick and Morty kind of thing: multiple universes = multiple Satans/Devils/Lucifers...we should start a council.
Hmm, intriguing idea.
well well , did i read this right
The Other Guy could at least inform Hell's staff first... What about our pension plans?
And what about Universal Health Insurance? Does it cover Hell too, or do Demons have to rely on private insurance? I would imagine fire & brimstone must hurt like...ummm...like the Devil! 
Yes, we've got a collective health insurnce. Very cheep: birth control, burns, dental plan is all unnecessary....
Sounds like y’all might need to unionize...
The Dark Prince sends us to heaven if we do.... 
What a party pooper!

Lucifer ...chief 
Moron
@s8n
This still makes me laugh on and off throughout a day lol
**snicker**

Oh lordy, Celestial Dad Jokes.
What about Ivanka?
I have finally found God at 52.
Pol pot was a hell on earth before his death.....God has a long list for him
Why the hell am i seein tweets frm God...didnt see that one comin
No way. Lucifer has been chillin in City of Angels in his own bar for last 3 years. Get your facts straight first.
It's Dad's idea of a Dad joke, paralleling a recent Trump tweet.
Nah I’m chilling down below

Just who I was thinking of.
Samesies.
Mit dem Kambodscha Wahlsystem haste sicher recht. Aber sind es nicht eigentlich die Amerikanischen Dienste (damals C[intelligence]A), die da eigentlich Entscheider sind?!
Yes thanks for the promotion boss
Hey the real God  isn’t that funny, and He is not funny like you are, if you going to use the Name can’t you at least use some more realistic material or more realistic ‘sounding ‘ material?
#Hitler too busy?
God I am Lucifer.
I've got a bunch of nasty candidates for you, if you'd like to consider: Bannon, Gorka, Stephen Miller, Roger Stone and so many others. Don't forget that you've got already Roy Cohn at your disposal.

Hey God, what will Donald Trump get to be when he dies? Really curious what you've got in store for him? Will he get all the porn stars to service him? 
Waiting for your answer.
@s8n you seen this?
@LuciferonFOX look what your dad has planned for you :D
do you get alot of death threats?
Reads like Trump appointments if he was in charge of Heaven.
Why thank you, I will assume my position with honor and great gratitude!
It will certainly make heaven more interesting! I may even be Ket in now!!


Lol, that’s funny
Lucifer is an Archangel
god you are so snarky!!!!
This inadvertently compares trump to God tho
@TheTweetOfAGod 

That's sad. Go to bed, Mr. Go Red kinder egg, false excuse, promiscuous feline. 

Bad CAT ALERT! OVERCOMPENSATION on vagj 

P.s. do you just write smut?
Hahahaha
Is this account trolling @realDonaldTrump 's tweet on change of Secretary of State. I think this change may have come about regarding the future talks with N. Korea.
Genius!
Wait, St Peter isn't on twitter. Who is going to have to tell him...?
Hang on !
And how will St Peter get to know about this? Twitter?
Whatever God... We all know you work for Russia.
Hey. What about the ladies? Thousands of years and still passed over.

U r brutal, @TheTweetOfGod....
Uh riiiiiiiiiight
You seem to be less considerate and compassionate towards Narendra Modi the living  Indian satan.
You gonna play bass?
Similarities with living people are purely coincidental
Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. - Matthew 18:18 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  lol
Congrats mr trump
Leave Damon Hill out of this.
I know I will, and have been doing for the past year.
The best people.
should make going to hell a viable option
Divine + perverse = diverse.
Huh? 
Thanks, but I got this from linkedin earlier today. You are being kinda slow lately. Time to retire!
Is this about the tylenol?
Lucifer needs a sidekick...any suggestions?

@s8n, congratulations on your new position!

hm, you better check with dear old Luci, think he's busy in LA, isn't he, @LuciferonFOX?  #busydevil #Lucifer #RenewLucifer
You're... you're not Donald Trump, are you?
I like the new shakeup!
You know that 71% of Twitter users had to Google Pol Pot
Must have been by divine inspiration, I already created a comic series in which Lucifer and Loki serve as the gatekeepers to Heaven. You're played by Godzilla. I guess I should introduce Pol Pot into the series.
This Was Your Life:
https://goo.gl/hLhNk9 
a welcome change .. Lucifer is one cool angel .. I mean that black Corvette 
Um, God, can you do us a favor and broadcast the peepee tapes immediately worldwide with attribution? I promise I'll buy you dinner at Peter Lugers to get you back.
And all just because of Rex Tillerson 
Johnson would also work
No chaos in your administration
Thanks for the update God. Always good to keep the demons on their uhm, hooves? claws? toes? Whatever it is they have....
You remind me of someone.
Did you even consider Ayn Rand?
As a satanist it’s kind of nice to see you two finally getting along again!
This just makes sense.
Won't Lucifer see this as a demotion? He was administering all of Hell, now he's standing guard duty at a gate.
So when do I move?
Brilliant
Wait let me get this right, God is now ok with calling LEFT wing extremists the bad guy?
You MUST have a job for Hitler, no ? Being European and highly organized and all that ...
Good call.I can't imagine a better choice,until trump dies
I thought he was too busy trying to defy you. @LuciferonFOX
The criteria for admission has changed then, I assume?  Let me know.  Don't want to be turned away for not doing enough bad stuff.  B-)
Don’t worry Pete, I believe the UK Border Force are havin a hell of a time atm. Why don’t you drop The Rt Hon @carolinenokes MP a line? This would be a breeze for you. Only drawback is working closely with the French!
2nd
What a world when Rex Tillerson becomes the St. Peter in any analogy.
You have chosen wisely.
Kk
In anticipation for such a move, I've had Pol Pot in an assistant administrator. He shall do a fantastic job. He's quite happy to follow my recommendations when I send an assworm down.
Congratulations on your "promotion". Instead of a king of Hell, you're now a doorman in heaven...
I haven't slept since the dawn of the 20th century. After I catch up on sleep, I'm tighting entry requirements and sending even more of you worms down there since I won't have to deal with you. 
i already have a day job in hell, thanks @TheTweetOfGod
Way to be an affirmative God, God.
Does @SatanColdfield know of this change in mailing address?
Not so bad a change... your staff management is just brilliant as usual... no wonder you are God, in whom 33% of your America flock... in you they trust!!!
Well said and a perfect description God!
#PE_IV
Hey, God, don't you think you are taking the whole "When one door closes, God opens another" thing a bit too far (in thy mercy)?
Old boys network,  giving the best jobs to your friends!!!
There is Nicholas Biwott from Kenya up there, give him something. He was very effective in dispatching souls
Fuck me! You really do work in mysterious ways.
Well God it Seems Like You Have a Plan.
Imitation is the best form of flattery. SMH.

You better order more pizzas. Lucifer is unconditionally loving and accepts everyone without conditions. Everyone is going to abandon Hell now and head up to Heaven.
Hail Odin.
Keep an eye out for excessive pineapple usage.
Fucking hilarious!
Sorry God.. the elections were rigged!
You forgot the ALL CAPS!!
The crazy thing about Lucifer/Satan/Devil... is that to populate Hell, would only take Him speaking Truth to those being judged, and ask them to do so also. It is said that "The Devil is a Liar." No need. Humans excel at it.
U might consider appointing #StephenHarper & all the flunkies that worked under him...#DoomedToEternalFieryPitOfHell
@POTUS: How to Stop Radical Islam in 6 seconds: http://youtu.be/T9cc-oyDAZQ  #Islam #MAGA #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall #Followthewhiterabbit #POTUS #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheStorm #QAnon #Qanon8chan #Resist #TheGreatAwakening #TheStormIsUponUs #DownTheRabbitHole #Middle East #ISIS

Diversity! Awesome!!!
Farewell Rex
As a Cambodian it really is an achievement
Thank you, God. Couldn't have said it better, myself. Perhaps a burning bush, next time, to help people believe.
I forgot that Lucifer was married to your daughter.
Hey @TheTweetOfGod have someone from Indian origin too
But, why not Hitler? No, no. I'm not questioning your decision. #TrustTheProcess
@RobBenedict @mishacollins Chuck! Cas! Do either of you know anything about this?

@MarkRPellegrino
@JensenAckles 
@jarpad 
@cw_spn 
#Supernatural
So....where you going to put Donald J Trump?
Thoughts and prayers.
@ezzrpaige you've been upgraded
fuck yeah i've been upgraded, imma be kickin' souls in and out of heaven like a fucking prince
Why did u Choose Pol Pot~ How did he bypass his most suitable predecessors like Hitler, Stalin~~?
You always pick the best people for the job!
LMBAO--- Laughing My Blessed Ass Off!
I heard Hitler won the popular vote...

Appoint Soeharto as Deputy Chief Demon of Hell
Props to Lucy!!!! 
What's the new role for Lucifer~?
NEEDS MORE CAPS
Yep, that sounds about right. 
Wasn't Lucifer, the first among angels, banished to hell for thinking humanity was a bad idea?
It appears to me you have decided to follow the USA government as an example of how to reshuffle.
I could have sworn Heinrich Himmler was up for that promotion.
Wot?! No fucking #Zionists on board? #Kinelle! I call BS!!

Trouble in paradise?
Hello Lucy
you did call lucifer your most perfect creation...need to edit that at this time?
He has been summoned!
How about a heads up next time!
Have you told him in person or did he St Peter find out on twitter?
MAKE HEAVEN GREAT AGAIN!

And just like Tillerson, I learn of this on Twitter.
Why changed gate keeper ! Has he understood all your secrets ?
Lmao
ну, дякувати Богу!
Yikes.
@s8n  Do you here that Satan,  thats God's word  ..  /
Have you told them? Or is this tweet the first they’ll hear of it?! 
Besides which, I don't think he interviewed even one woman for either position
“Gawd allegedly creates all things.. good and evil.  Your fault?
So there r promoting opportunity in your firm...i would like to work for u then...but i can't start now u know, after death? I would be a good demon i believe.
I am truly honored to be in your service!
What about women!?
You mean there weren’t any eligible women?
Lilith is SecState.
And I'm far more qualified than the last bozo.
Is the firing of St. Peter your way of draining the swamp?
God's Twitter is on point! I like these tweets too much to consider myself Christian I identify more as this kind of godlike.
In this analogy Rex Tillerson is St. Peter? Really??
And he saw that it was good.
Lucy certainly got the experience,  but if you have any disagreement,  are you sure you'll be able to call the final shots,  Jeh
It should have been Saddam Hussein...

I gotta say, this is hilarious! Thanks a bunch for the smile.
Brilliant
Mr.God! What is your response to the recent claims of Roman interference in the trial of Jesus?
Shoulda used ALL CAPS, otherwise not convincing
Your firing of St. Peter proves that absolute loyalty is all that matters to you.
You only hire the best.
So it's true then that St. Peter called you a "moron"?
Any word on when you will be stopping the cold weather in the UK and starting spring?
July, probably, for our week of summer, then back to winter.
As long as they have stroopwafels.
All these promotions. I didn't even get a bonus. 


Alright, alright, alright
Why do you follow only Justin Bieber?
Could've made him as your chief guy or whatever...
Nice RT, but should have given credit... Even if you rewrote it.
@DiablicaZwinna 
good god bring back peter on principal
Wat the.... Just lol
Buy me a pony and/or a private jet!!

You got a job lined up for Trump yet?
You always hire the best people.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
