I do it's true
Wait, are we gonna have it out over this again?

Heehee. Kitty Christ.
And to think he was able to find lads named Mathew, Mark, Luke and John wandering around the Middle East!! 
yes... all fair white boys w/ blond & red hair...
Hey I can Yahweh if I want to Yahweh. 
The record shows I took the blows and did it Yahweh
What's this about me?
Is your son Donald?
He doesn’t answer a lot but I believe his son is Justin Bieber. It’s the only account HE follows. 
That is hilarious. Just saw that. I love it.
If we're all supposed to be your children, what makes Jesus so special?
He isn’t.
Why don't u send him back on Easter Sunday...April fools day & really mess with people @TheTweetOfGod
Even though Jesus was a Carpenter,
He didn't appear on any of their albums
Yeah, no royalties or nuthin'!!!
- "God is dead". Nietzsche
- "Nietzsche is dead." God
Does he have a twitter!?
He is clearly Spartacus, as are we all
And when you can't be Spartacus, be Batman!
And when you can't be Batman, be a Unicorn!
My wife's girlfriend tried being a unicorn - pretty sure she isn't interested in doing it again.
His dad also crazy, he thinks he's Jesus's dad
Does he know how to turn water into wine?
I'm out of practice, so it won't be a fine pinot grigio. But I could still pull off like a Franzia Chardonnay I s'pose.
As long as its not Wild Irish Rose or MD 20/20, I'm sure it'll be fine! Lol!
Is that a job offer? I'm not super busy at the moment...
So funny jc


I mean, he's not even half-Hispanic.
WTF? He is Jesus! Are you blind, old man?
Had you considered that maybe His problem stems from Father issues?
Jesus Christ!
beware if he starts buying guns.
Your son’s @realDonaldTrump ?
Nah. More like @ThyLordJesus is.
Wait, *I'm* @realDonaldTrump?? When did this happen?! And what specialist should I see about it?
Next he'll be thinking he's the son of God.  Crazy.
You shoulda pulled out Bro.
That's what Mom always says.  *sigh*
Are you married ? Yet?
Christianity is crazy for believing that all their sins past and future were forgiven because ONE man died for ALL our sins?? That is the insane part..
It's not wise to play with the name of God
With the sound of it you R crazy too
So  God bless Jesus , that's what you normally do ,ain't it?

...or so I let them believe. ;-)
Don’t worry, he’ll be out of the house before he turns 34.
Ouch! Too soon! :-P
yeah fuck you
But it was you!Psychopathic gods FFS!
All your children are crazy.
Wait what
Please don’t tell us you have a child David Javerbaum, and if he does think he’s the messiah, he’s as mentally deranged as his father & you both need to seek medical attention.

Jebe kevu 
@TheCumbo1 @rickygervais @rustyrockets
“I still miss my son.” ~Satan
Thank you god. I laughed my ass off ..I needed that.
Ummmm Bruh, remember that night about 2054 Years ago?
Your son is Bono???
Then is Cher the Virgin Mother? I'm confused.
The virgin, Cher...Baahaha!
That's better than all the schizophrenics who pray to you and think they hear you answer.
I am not God nor am I Christ.Yet I am the Joe,that was born to save this World that U all FUCKED UP...JPRG.
and my Hurricanes,Irma,Hola,Winston,Maria,Marcus,Matthew all La Nina and El Nino are all just a Wake up Call...U.S.A.
Dad i'm better now and happy with man city, did you forget that !
Lol
Well Gee I wonder why!!!!!!!
@Jexuxchrixt

Neset ashelk sorry
These kids are crazy. Mine thinks he is superman
He's a very naughty boy
Epic
Lol....
Jaysus..to be sure to be sure
@sricha96
You don't have to.
Aha!!! So he's not...
NABEEN PATTNAIK  BEST  CM  IN INDIA
Where us he? . He owes ne some shelves I paid for over 2000 yrs ago
yeah. he fell into a river and his pants were full of fish and came up with some line about fishing.
Omg..im dyin!
Didn’t know you were Ricky Gervais’ dad too
What's Zach up to.
You are your son
Isn't he?
All of your children are crazy. You made us that way. Stop  whining about Your own creations.
As long as he’s not hearing Mike Pence, I’m okay with that.
Stfu dad
Does he want to sitteth on your right hand too?
God, can you take me now? Please?
And this could be worst too! Both or one of you can be The SHIT Excrement who ppl needs to PUT out Regularly in the Exorcist ritual in the Bathroom. And flash out because you both Stinks! #Theday #RepubliqueLCI #AJStream @RedactedTonight @GhostBcOfficial
I get the humour but don't get the waste of time and effort to bang on about nothing....any explanations guys?
And he was hella good on kazoo too
You will be sorely missed, Kevin Short, AKA #WeHoJesus. You were an iconic representation of all that is right in this world and simply made West Hollywood a better place. Rest in Peace. 
Have u boys heard this @curious_twitt @markoaten @Lord_Sugar
@noconversion @trackevangelism 
My son is crazy. He thinks he's Jesus.
Your son isn’t even Stephen.
Oh no, not that delusional, bastard, child of rape

God you make me laugh
Well he's also a zombie, sooo...

So you think you're God?
En tant que père, dites lui que vous êtes ABRAHAM.
@LolaBrbr

Hi my god!
Oh my God... I pray for U and your Son 
Last week, he was wandering around claiming to be from Kraft, Inc. & telling everyone his name was Cheeses of Nazareth.
Lol bizarre c’est plutôt les arabes 
Enferme le idiot !!!
Our VPOTUS is crazy. He thinks he hears from Jesus, literally.

I have my moments

Go figure!
We all know his real name is BRIAN !  Monty P figured that out in the '70s.
Ali;Book of Ali;1:1; “I gotta say, I forgot to reorder my decorations, Welp, they can do without that. just got to get my Nails done and my post planted into the ground”
Jesus: 2018 :Right now: “Bruh”
God I love you!!! 
Im Jesus dad!
Do u interfare/take care of China, India ....South East asia..ppl?
Everyone of you is crazy because all of you thinks you all are you're own creator, you're own god, you're own father, you're own son and also you're own creatures at the same time, everyone is in all of you're images
Tussi great ho paaJi.
@mcjoodle @Calum_mcandie Jodie ????
Where does the Pigeon fit in?

#baffledtheologian
but a truly inspiring story of a latino boy raised by a mother and step-father in the barrio of Jerusalem.
Which is  You..... Actually. 

But he sure makes some fine wine !
 Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hebrews 13:8
I laughed far too loud for far too long at this. Sat at home. On my own. Still chuckling 
Well kick the shite out of him then
Lol 
No son is God, not acceptable including Jesus.
And I think I’m the Reincarnated Kronos (GOD OF TIME)

He's the crazy one??? 

Why you turning ribs into people?
@Jesusques
@PoliTICKLEpolls :-p
Did he wear a holey bed sheet for Halloween? 

... 
Covfefe’.
Oh GOD  another 1
He is Jesus you dunce.
@Guilherme_Ayala
Your son, @ThatBloke_Jesus , is alive and well and posting on Twitter from, er, Heaven. 
That IS crazy! Everyone knows @justinbieber is YOUR son
There is jelly in the crack of my ass. Did you put it there? 
Must be genetic.
My son is crazy. He thinks he's Jesus.
Let him think, because he is the part of divine!
Jebus
Next, he’ll develop a God complex!
Does he own a gun?
Don't believe you
Jesus was a great magician he turned water into wine and could feed thousands with a few faaaakin fish and some rolls
Christ, what a nut!
you mean, Yahshua. Jesus is an Greek-Latin Hybrid-Word ... it means hail/heal Zeus.
Nop
I met him. He was completely pissed, but he was adamant he’d only been drinking water.
.
And that you live in heaven. What cloud number, by the way?
You religious types are weird.
Wich one?
Iam Jean Luca God! You is crazy hahahahaha! The better God internet! Hahahaha He thinking Jesus ? Not is why life Jesus too not was easy life! So thinks Jesus! Major living how are age and not know!
Don't believe him unless he can do the whole water to wine thing....then, just play along.
Good one God.
Are you friends with the "God" who is on @colbertlateshow - I hear his voice in@my head when I read one of your Tweets!
Love U... Father 
Jesus Christ!!!!
...dear GOD,,, don't worry about it,, he never really existed so he can't be Jesus!!! My book explains th whole thing,,, u might wanna read it!!! #buymybook
The Gods are different 
1-Beef eating but pork - No no 
2-Eats everything as other than human everything is food. Wow! 
3-eat what you want- everything has life. your life Will be influence by the food you eat. Eat animal & behave like that!

So what to eat to remain a Human?
Kids these days!!!
Business of Gods!
1-kill non believers, I will give 72 vergin hoors, river of wine In my Heaven. 
2-drink wine (my blood), eat bread (flesh)& convert people to follow me,I Will give you heaven.
3-Help others as they are,I Will give you all happiness.
Which God to follow?Karma
Which one. There's another one who thinks he can fly on ponies!
Brahma ! Is that you !
You just trying to skip out on Maintanence Dad.
Did you tell him you're God?
Which son?
Bobby.
Ohh dad you kill me..
Just so long as he doesn't think he's God
Make sure he doesn't get himself crucified
Sweet Jesus!!
...and his dad thinks he's God......
You sent him to be killed in your name. That will mess with a kids head.
1-0 for Lucifer
And real
Imagine having you as a dad, telling everyone you're God - people get locked up for that
Well you think you’re God! Like father like son
Who is Jesus.
I am JOSEPH, but wish I was GOD 
Thank God he doesn't think himself as Mohammed.
What about is Mom? What she think?
So much nepotism.
Clearly takes after you!!
heeheheheheh
Who is your father then?
He also thinks he's you, talk about enough to send anyone to a psychiatrist.
Who is he then
Your son is Paul McCartney?!?!?!
And you're an imposter this is God 
Wait a minute, he is!
Isn't he?!?!?
Ohh that son is Pope..
Your fault
خدا چرا جاستین بیبر رو فالو کرده ازش نا امید شدم

Is Jesús Hispanic? How did he manage to get a visa?
What was the second Last Supper like? ... Was it a Dry Run? .... Did he forget to give Judas the money to go to the local Off-Licence. Those BYOB restaurants have a lot to answer for ....
Have you been taking the rise out of him over the Easter Weekend?
I thought your son was Justin Bieber,  not Kanye ...?
Bloody hell my son Damien thinks he's the devil !

Apparently your right hand man is a ghost!!!
you don't mock with the son of God, old man 
Talking about yourself again.
Jesus Christ your son needs help
Watch out. If it continues, he's going to think that he cans walk on water
???
Probably takes it from his father.
Dude.
Anybody can claim anything but the truth is God, God doesn't work on commission basis thro' son or daughter.

Someone hitting the holy spirits a bit too hard?
not nearly enough People got This One
You will answer for this one day
Ecch. I thought I muted this bitch.
My name is Mary....
No!,it suppose to be:I Don't have children,this man called Jesus is not my son,this young man has delusions of grandeur
Wait til you see his April Fools prank.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
