Our book concurs.
"by the secrets". :) Wow, so it's fine to order the cutting of a woman's hand off but taboo to mention men's genitalia.  Great book.
I think we can thank the Puritan Era for the translation.
"Grab him by the secrets!"

"Kick his secrets!"

"Deez secreeeets!"

Fun!
"Deeez secrets" 
I mean if a woman has you by the balls what are you supposed to do? Not cut off her hand? Get outa here.
3 thoughts:
1- that both an extremely specific and unlikely scenario
2-the things that turn women on, am I Right?
3- why her hand and not his cock?
Of course, as all rational people are aware, these ancient manuscripts were written by men, (no such thing as supernatural beings/God's).
But we must realise that every religion, code of conduct ,culture etc. is psychologically the expression of human's desire to find a meaning. 
 Different culture ,religion or people have  their own subjective way of finding this meaning .
guess why I do not comic book God's
would be x rated!
Said someone behind a fake profile who hasn't ever touched the real Quran. Let alone read it. Believe me when I tell you that if all the 2B people were terrorists and violent people you wouldn't stand a chance. But yeah your ignorance is your fact

I do that if she tries to seize the tv remote.
Maybe that’s the ‘secret’?
Shhh! Don’t give Huckabee & Robertson any new ideas!
You know how warning tags are only put on things that people have actually done...like, don't use your microwave or hairdryer in the shower...well, makes you wonder who wrote Deuteronomy???
Hope she pretended to be left handed!
#moralcode #BibleStudy
That’s what it says I checked!!
Well, it is good advice.
If only I knew that last week.
The scripture according to John Wayne Bobbitt...
Unfortunately for John...it didn't work out that way.
EVERY PART IS ESSENTIAL
AND IMPORTANT. OF COURSE THESE PARTS ARE  GIVEN NAMES FOR
THE ACTIVITIES   THEY
PERFORM. AND THE
PRIVATE PART IS CONSIDERED TO BE VERY SOFT AND VULNERABLE
TO MAKE A MAN SURRENDER.
God didn’t really chill out until the New Testament. They say having kids really calms you down.

Who gets The Hand?
who would actually do that? =D
Possible jail time stops many.
Wait, is it real a verse..?
It is. I'm pretty sure our family bible from the 1950s has not been changed by the new revisionists.
I...i. I have so many questions..
which one is she seizing?  the husband or the assailant?
The one with the largest part!
Hamurabi's code of law
Um... why, God, why?
...and you thought UFC was thought,
Deuter is bad ass
Mhlolo lo!!
Reading the Bible completely is the best way to start disliking it. People love Bible because they never try reading and understanding it completely. Once you finish reading it, you will be done with it once and for all.
Besides, Odin is a bigger badass by far.
Yehhh don't grab guys in the nuts/ don't grab women in the pussy, good moral standards to live by. Just make sure it's not one sided.
The kind of questions that got me into trouble in Sunday School: why/how would she do that?  Wouldn’t she have to get between them to get access?  That sounds stupid and dangerous...who thought of this?  Has this really ever happened?
What were the two of them actually doing I wonder!
Wise solution to an everyday problem. I'll remember to keep my hands to myself from now on.
Oh jeez, don't let any "members" of the @GOP see this, or they'll start passing laws to legalize this!
So you should adultery at its meanest
Oh You!
Secrets
Such an odd scenario. You gotta wonder how often this came up.
Duh. That's just common sense.
Deuteronomy would have made a fortune scriptwriting for slasher movies
Thank you for giving her 2 hands.
She should have kicked the other guy in the balls.

This is remarkable attention to detail, Your Reverence...Was this a frequent scenario?
Gees the people who wrote that book had some hang ups!
O
No shit?
Well, if you’re gonna tag team wrestle you gotta follow the rules...
Probably a bit too specific to come into play very often, yeah? The next four lines are way more important in applicability.
Gotta love that bible
Doesn't say who's private parts
You wrote it!

Wouldn't it be amazing if you got a blue verified tick.
Oddly specific
The Gospel according to Mike Pence ?
Just solidifies my theory that since man wrote the bible, at times he used it for his gain. Aka to control women.
Context......  The wife is risking her hand and life in interfering in a violent quarrel between two men.. 
A testicle squeeze earns you a hand amputation? Unless we are talking Lorena Bobbit here, then it's a different story.
Good God, where is the love?
I happen to pass up this verse though it means most ancient societies.The White race for passing on suspicions that are already common here. Fear for http://husbands.alarms.An  Indian looking maharani won't be telling her husband a Kushan smiled me in a tunnel on the Swiss Alps.
What is with the unjust weights?
Who wrote that shit?
What went on during those times?

Girl, let them idiots sort it out and go get yourself a frappe and a pedicure
So we can do that now, right???
Moral of this story:  let yo man get the shit beat out of him and run! or

When rescuing your guy, make sure to grab him by the hair, not, the balls.
Um,ok?
OH MY GOD, God!
Ok. Now you’re just being a dick. Like quoting from For Whom The Bell Tolls. Thanks, God.
Were you sober for ANY of the Old Testement?
This is a good reminder.
Must have been written before the first cup of coffee
That Bible certainly has a rule for everything. Insane rules, but rules nonetheless.
Hilarious. Had to look it up to make sure it wasn't a joke. Confirmed: The Bible is God's book of jokes.
That is under the law of Moses Jesus came and changed the laws stupid
Can we stop taking it litterally please !!!!

I ( like most logical people ) don’t think it was meant to be taken both as a full 100% truth and litterally... >!<

It is a guide or strive to be / achieveness..

Who is she grabbing?
@lottieloolooloo @sibby1702 
 what?! That is So dumb.
Legit
Simple solution: beat yourselves to death. We Keep our hands, women rule the world, peace on Earth.
Why this is my meditation each night.....amen
Well the family jewels are sacred and not to be trifled with!
Who's nuts is she grabbing though?
Feel free to grab my private parts
Hmm.  In between laws about dudes fighting and wives grabbing nuts, there lies this out-of-place gem: "Do not muzzle an ox while it is threshing grain".  Because, you know, the ox may need to speak it's mind in defense of the poor guy who is getting his nuts juiced.
surely though jesteth me... what about pussy grabbers... do they receive such ‘just punishment’?
Religion of love .... !!!!
sheeeeeet...

tell her quit trying to be all "ride or die/bonnie and clyde" with it...
your man can whip ol' boy by his damn self...

anyway stop with the penis envy...just hit the guy ON THE CRANIUM
How did this come up often enough that it needed to be included in the rules?
I’d guess at, once.
Oh my
But what if she grabs both guys’ junk and just smashes them together, over and over, until both men are dead? What then? Also, what about leprosy? I’m so high on humira right now. Forgive me.
I wonder if the husbands expects a hand job with the other hand to be just as good?
This is the word of the Lord. Thanks be to God.
Wow, I need to stop grabbing 'em by the pussy!
Is it just me or does that seem really specific? Like some guy lobbied his entire village to get that one in there so he could get revenge on Janet for that one time
That is the history of law. Yep.
 Troll.
I mean, did this happen often enough that they had to write it down ?
How high were you when you wrote that?
Oh boy, Ima gonna hafta look that one up.
Whatever men fear they try to control. Bad news is that control never lasts.
I always found that highly specific like you know that happened to Moses and he was pissed and just had to put it in his next book.
Isn't that from Dude'er-onomy?  Grim rules from a primate 1/2 a chromosome away from being a chimpanzee....it's what one would expect.
What a reward!
The only Person who can touch another Man's private parts is another man; Totally not gay at all.
So you’re allowed to grab em by the ....., but not the junk
The Bible was written by misogynistic men.
And probably misogynist women. Women usually enforce these rules against women. Women can be their own worst persecutors.
Any woman who goes along with this shit is an enabler, true.  Most went along with it simply to stay alive. But times are changing.
They really knew how to smite back then.
"Honey!  Hold my beer!"
Ever wonder if the Bible was written by a bunch of drunk guys who were spurned by women?
Or a bunch of drunk women with penile disfunction envy. Highly probable if you don’t think about it too long or hard.
Bit harsh.
You’re prescience is amazing. Yes, Georgia Gov. Cagle is like the missus of the NRA. And his announcement today is rather like reaching for @Delta’s private parts in defense of the NRA. And, yes, perhaps Biblical punishment is appropriate (metaphorically speaking, of course).
My Lord, didn’t Deuteronomy also have an option that when the wife grabs the assailant’s private parts he then suggests a threesome, and they all flock to the assailant’s tent where they sacrifice a lamb to you and have sex to your glory?
The men who created you in their image put a mighty high value on their "private parts". And NO value on women. Thus the cultures existing with a high degree of misogyny.
Read the comments, not one christian apologetic saying "Context". Got'em!
This sounds very specific.
Hey G. Why don’t you get a female to draft the sequel.

I'm loving that this is a frequent enough crime that it needs it's own punishment
I think those prophets dislike women in controls.
Hey, God, I thought these were just stories and not ETERNAL COMMANDS for humanity?
This is why I'm an atheist.
Sounds fine, great job God.
The prophet who wrote that got beat up by a lot of girls as a kid.
Oddly specific.
Please don’t tell me you’ve found religion
Oddly specific
...as hard as you may try to approach it with an open mind, the book itself forces you to ask if it was written by sane minds - albeit there are some good life's lessons in some other verses. A bag full of contraditions!
Wow, the specificity. Like, what do we do if two people are fighting and one of them stoops so low as to pull the other one's hair? Is there a tweet for that in the bible?
Any sanctions on boob groping in there as well, Oh Almighty?
What about if a presidential hopeful does it to a lady? What does Deuteronomy say about that?
Elect elect elect! 
Maybe that should be written outside of public schools. Or the Alabama Supreme Court?
That's oddly specific.
Now that just sucks.
You were funnier when you tweeted occasionally about current events
This is pretty current tbh....seent it IRL, minus the hand chopping
Damn I'm not even that cruel!!!
The Duets supports CPAC
 How does that even make sense?
O Lord, praise be on Your subtle encouragement for women to kick with their feet instead.
Robes and swaddling in the way. One must fight with the Mermaid style.
LOL,!!!!!!
Lol. You should post one of these daily and call it -“ Morality Code for Dummies”
Followed by a stupid ass law about weights and measures, both of which are an abomination to the LORD. Next time someone yaps about Leviticus 18:22, check their kitchen if they have measuring cups of different sizes.
How else are you supposed to stop a fight????!!!
Reaches whom by the privates, her husband or his assailant? For a book of godly law, it seems like you already got a glaring loophole in just one paragraph.
They were working without prepositions or punctuation, man. God doesn't do spellcheck.
He didn’t care too much about the internal coherence of the script either.
Book of peace, ha..
"Hey, Hubby, I told you to c'mere!"
 ah that’s great
Damn right I'm a cristian I follow the bible to the letter. I read the bible letter for letter. I.n.t.h.e.b.e.
Flawless interpretation
The ancients hebrews were penis obsessed. The penis was holy in many ways and the source of offspring - offspring being the daily goal of every ancient hebrew. The context here is: don’t damage a man’s genitals.
So this happened often enough that the men complained to their god about it?
That's...  weirdly specific.
A more accurate interpretation: Ladies, save your hand. Shove your knee hard in the assailant's 'secrets' - regardless who he's attacking. No rule against that. 
What ? No grab 'em by the pussy rule ? Kind of shortsighted , you know. The Donald would really appreciate to use this loophole.
Excerpt from Dutertemnity:
"Pardon given to Rodrigo Duterte for the crime if multiple murder signed Rodrigo Duterte"
Under Your eye
Wtf lel
I thought the worlds most popular moral code came from Buddha.. Treat others the way you would like to be treated?
So they have been using any excuse to grab the shaft for millennia...
That’s oddly specific.
This sounds rather specific.. like maybe this was a problem back then..  Weird
Seems fair enough
Looks like "Hitting below the belt" was frowned upon a little more back then.

This is what you call, "Yes, harm. Yes, foul."
The Bible gives me the warmest feelings imaginable.
What is worst half dead christianity or modern still alive muslims wantig sharia law?
Wisdom directly from God just doesn't get any better.
Just another example of why it's known as the 'good book'.
Hey, it wouldn't be a "good book" without sex and violence now, would it?
Very harsh there, God.
http://www.bricktestament.com/home.html 
More like Neuter-onomy
Result : husbands, if you get into a fight with another man don't expect your wife to help...
Wow, that would be my opening move.
[2000 year old 'That Escalated Quickly' meme]
All rules come from somewhere lol
Well, we've all been there.
Well that one probably happens all the time. But you'd think the Kardashian women would have no hands left by now.
You KNOW that exact scenario happened to the dude who wrote that.
KJV: When men strive together one with another, and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband out of the hand of him that smiteth him, and putteth forth her hand, and taketh him by the ***secrets*** Then thou shalt cut off her hand, thine eye shall not pity her.
Why is that so specific?
sounds like orgy to me god
Hold on, why are we all so certain that "private parts" means what we consider "private parts" today. Maybe "private parts" back then meant like earlobes or something.
Omg... These responses are making Monday tolerable... Enjoyable even... Y'all are fucking hilarious!
Would that be the husband's private parts or his assailant's private parts, asking for a friend?
I as well need clarification, for reasons.
@Burchell__  creasing 
I say give her a friggin' medal! xD
That's a shitty rule & should be stricken from the book! Don't make me come up there to straighten you out!
Why did you write that line? Seems a bit harsh.
Good lord!
Fair point, but context is important here. Wait, what?
Bollocks.....
That book would make a great horror movie
The old version, maybe another popular moral code needs a reboot?

Some crazy shit, huh?
Wow. This shit is golden!  Has anyone pitched this to Nextflix???
Sounds like it written by a man who had his private parts seized by a woman.
you mean his secret parts
Not much of a secret. She found them.
But how hard did she have to look?
Does this come up a lot? 
I can imagine a world where women used to routinely drag their husbands home from fights by their penises, much like adults used to drag kids home by the ear before those pesky child abuse laws were passed.
No, it makes sense. Think about what she grabbed, communal suppers, lack of water for wasinh8
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
