Vous êtes un idiot qui ne sait pas d'autres fins que de juger les gens comme moi
Well you achieved that
@OpenByHand99
what you mean one that sits back and does nothing as your children murder each other in your name?

You are!
who runs this account?
That's Me!  Thank You my savior...........
Think you might have missed the boat on this one ..... 
I’m glad your name is not Elokim
Change all the coffee into beer
All the elements of Nature (fire,water, air, earth,...)
and
the  various types of human feelings (love, anger, jealous, fear, affection,...),
are respected and adored as Gods and Goddess in Hindu religion.

Atheist won't have a problem in respecting the the Nature and Feelings.
Go smoke more weed and make the hippies proud of you instead..
I believe in God. He exists on Twitter writing cool stuff. He is the smartest.
I can understand that motivation: https://www.wattpad.com/story/141144800-the-rim-experience … what do you think of my solution?
In Twitter God we trust! LMAO!
Or are your the God of Twitter?
Are you the God of Abraham and Moses and the Christ?
Already there is one doing enough damage.

Wish you success. I always think atheists love God more than common people & vice versa. Tell me the benefits you achieve...
But agnostics flummox you! 
ha ha!
I am now a believer!
Your failing badly at that, your the sort of god I'd like to be able to believe in. Your gonna have to become a much bigger asshat, to be the kind of god I was proud not to belive in.
That's cool. I don't believe in Satan either.
It's not that I don't believe in God, I just don't give a damn about any of his most outspoken followers.
I don't, You are.
You are lol
You are not quite there yet, you got that grumpy old man with a soft center going right now.
Well You've certainly done something right.
Not existing.
The term God is ridiculously limiting and Theists are not humble enough to acknowledge this. Anything that is innately immaterial is not definable yet Theists want to believe their God is the right God. Think about the ego that is required for that belief.
OMG! You mean be the one who doesn't exist!
Like an atheist miracle then!
Hahaha success
Oh my Lord 
You are
You are
You are that (god) anyway atheists worship and believe in.
you're doing a great job
That may need some work. As a tweeting God, you must be able to see every tweet timeline at the same time - How do you cope?
That was kind of awesome 
You're not the real God, are you. And regardless, why would you aspire to be that biblical fella? THAT'S the guy I'm proud not to believe in!

But on the other hand, I have always liked You. 

I follow You on Twitter, You know ...
Your tiny brain cannot even comprehend even the known physical universe!  How can you comprehend the Almighty God???

Just wait until your last breath but it will br too late by then!

Dumb intellects believe in gravity, magnetic forces etc based on empirical evidence but God
Kinda like if a tree falls in the forest
Dear God:

During the Crusades, for sake of debate we’ll just say non-denominational  “Side 1” and non-denominational “Side A” both prayed to you for victory. 

After 177 overtime periods, why did you let it end in a draw?  

Sincerely, 

A Devout Eagles Fan
Based on the 2016 presidential election and white female evangelical voters, you already are.

God doesn’t believe in atheists, 
and he’s not sure about agnostics.
Ok Pierre
Hey God long time listener first time teeeter! Where were you when you went silent for a year or so on Twitter? Please hear my tweet! A lot of shit went down in your absence #trump #InternationalMensDay #brexit #iphonebattery #NationalNappingDay
World confidence hits an all time low, USA you’re not on my team anymore.....
You got it goin on G man
« I want to be the kind of God atheists are proud not to believe in. » :  Fool !
How about we agnostics?
I think you proved your point...
Aced it. I think it’s the eyes.
This account was definitely made by an atheist
Le rêve de tout athée : être suivi par Dieu et le bloquer. 
Admirable goal, god
Korihor is leading the charge!
Then you need some serious upgrades, troll!
What does this mean @TheTweetOfGod
You know EXACTLY what it means
This made my day! Now I know what Twitter was invented for! Sense of humor is essential for your mental health and well-being! 
I watched Easy Rider last night, and at one point Peter Fonda's character reads a sign that says if there weren't really a God we would have to invent one. I admit I only watched parts of the movie.
You are the only god this atheist follows proudly
Keep it up, and I am going to stop bad-mouthing you! I am starting to find hope in this newly revised, made-over version. I am getting to fear less and like more. So much religion is dark and dreary, especially if you don't ignore the history that has brought us so far out & up.
Kind of like our current Pope.
You are!
you are! 
Achieved.
So weird.... 
How could be that '!
Mission accomplished
Yeah... wait, what?
You had me at your first tweet
God you look white, my God is Black
Buddy, you already are.
that you are, son; that you are

"You can safely assume that you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do." - Anne Lamott
You are! You really are. Keep up the crappy work!
May the force be with you
I hope you are, too.
Zeus is cooler  than you
I don't believe you...
God, is it ok to be Agnostic and sit on the fence? Even tho I’m talking to you directly.

PS. Your book was boring as fuck man. Sorry.
Seriously I believe have the atheists on Twitter follow you, including me 
I THINK that you may have achieved your desire. Congrats.
You ARE.
Who are you, I believe in “ aham brahmasme “
Already there my god.
Just give them conclusive proof that you don't exist.... so they'll have to thank God but won't know whom to thank
Mission accomplished.
It's 5 am. I can't sleep. Anxious thoughts. Where are you god?
So that is the kind of God Kim Kardashian believes in. The kind of God that gets around in those weird grey tracksuit pants yeezi makes while imitating your son.
no to believe in is the proof of existence of something

You already are dude :)
...be proud.
You already are
Goddamn right.
1

A- God is not religious , he is with no religion

B- God is an atheist.

2

Jesus may be an atheist, i am not sure.

#Atheism
#ExMuslim

I love God
#Deism
Id almost be happy to imagine praying for that.
God u r so transparent that we can see through u , yet can't see U
If you really are god. Tell me that @ManCity will win the champions league. And that everything will be okay. #prayforcity
I prefer faithless agnostic.  I gave up when I realized that if real, God is like the father who went out for a pack of cigarettes, and never came back.  Or the mother who kept having kids because babies are cute, but quickly lost interest as they grew.  So... Yay, you did it?!
Just keep on eating popcorn while horrible things happen, and what ever you do - don’t do it with more than one person around.
Just carry on as normal then.
You’re already there big guy
You already are
The real God is somebody all atheists already believe in; but are just ticked off, that He doesn't behave the way they want. Every atheist you hear complain, believed in God when  a kid; just wants that God, to live up to expectations.

In heaven, they see Him.

Lol
Hmmmmm 

As a Christian we should all get on
Bambam the most scrumptious girl in the house....Bams for Money #BBNaija...
This is so deep!
(He’s been duke-ing it out with @KngHnryVIII again)
You already are
Lol I think you already are
As an atheist, I can say I'm very proud of you God.
You are.
Pmsl, see of you weren't so raffy and answered a few prayers, maby just maby atheists woukd appreciate you. But no your to busy being all I'm gonna blame the hole of humanity for the evil  greedy selfish deeds of the few ain't ya xxxxxxx
Shouldn't be too difficult, I'm proud not to believe in any god
stealing this quote
actually, you are. Thx
that is naturally so, being yourself a god who else would you believe in!
… the forgiving kind at the pearly gates.
I’m not quite sure what that means, but I’m chuckling.
Join the list. Anyone can be a god in their own mind.
نوجوان منڈے، فیر اسی ناں ای سمجھیے فیر؟
او پائییانہ۔ مینوں مرانا اے۔ میں تحجد گزار مومن بندہ ہیگا آں
بالکل، تجد گزار ساب۔۔۔

میں وی عشا دی نماز فجر دے وضو نال ای پڑدا واں
R'Amen
Fariseos cool
Proud of you God ! Here is a toke n of my support
Trump was elected.
You make me proud, God. You should be too. After all, just look at what you have wrought!
You are. Mission accomplished. Here’s your imaginary award.
Your PR team has done a great job for you.
Mission accomplished

This is the only area you have succeeded indisputably
Amen to that.
credit my account with $10M so they can see.
.. you're doing good so far 
Get rid of trump then u will
You most certainly are
You are.
His name is @neiltyson
You’re doing well so far 
You are all that, God!
Achievement unlocked.
are you not that by definition ?!
Stop existing
You crazy as hell, God 
As an atheist - I’m damn proud of you. I don’t believe in you but I’m proud nonetheless. 
Mission accomplished!
Chineese premier makes a good example to follow.... 
Then you've got some work to do.

Good luck with that.
You already are that kind of God...that's why we have atheists.... DUH!
Bar is pretty low.
Good for you, let me know when you are. A lightning strike, simultaneously, on the White House, Kremlin and every other maniacal leader's office should be a good sign.
"But the Babel Fish is a dead giveaway, isn't it?"
and god vanished in a poof of logic!
"Oh, that was easy!"
You have succeeded my child.
OMG Mission accomplished! 
You are, my non-lord
You are!
Perfect answer
MANY SELF.PROCLAIMED
GODS ARE BEHIND BARS.
Done!!!!!
Ahahahahahahaha
You already are!
You’re doing great!

Oh, I am proud
give me a minute....
You are.
You are. Your Twitter and Facebook feeds bring light to my darkness. Thank you so much.
You are.
Why do you ONLY follow #JustinBieber ??? Shouldn't YOU follow ALL your Children ??
It seems God need to keep an eye only on him ;)
LOL ~
U are doing a good job at it.... at least for me..
You are exactly that.
God, can you help me?  I don’t like adults.
U already are
You've got me, Big Daddy
Mission accomplished
there are people outside of America...  did you know not everyone is a child.
That is very Zen of you, God.
Mission accomplished.
Be any kind, Atheists are proud not to believe in any
This atheist is proud to not believe in you. I'm also proud to follow you on Twitter.
You are. And thank you.
I’m already proud not to believe in you 
God The Creator 
You already are 
I'm with Alfred E Newman
You're the only God this agnostic follows. Congrats!
Then that won't do you any good. Try thinking a little bit about what you say.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
