They’re seeking answers God. Tell them to spill the beans on Fakebook & Trump or they’re going to HELL!

Active in offshore locations as well: India.
Really really @TonyHardiman1 – at Perfect Peach Body Waxing Studio
Just so hilarious  love it

They will deny they are following you
Following you like in a car to get your data?

Haha am I the only one that reads God's tweets with the voice of the @colbertlateshow 's God?
LOL what?

Hell is empty and all the devils are here. 
- Shakespeare
Hell has moved its headquarters to the White House.
They put themselves in witness protection and changed their name, and they're still going to hell.
Lol you only follow @justinbieber ?
I'm just happy your (only) following Justin Bieber...you need to....you really, really need to.
Cambridge Analytica are only studying you for your mental illness David Javerbaum, & enough of your bull$#!t; you couldn’t handle a blowing up a doll, let alone a selection of Ukrainian girls.
They're following us all...
Haha 
God, you are working wonders!

Thank you!
Same with me. Don't follow or the other things. Also send them to Russia.

God!Your ways are truly unpredictable...
They are Russian. They are the prime exporter of these “goods”
It's a shame you have to save all the virgins for suicide bombers. You could probably entrap a bunch of GOP that way. Especially when they found out the average age of virgins.
Such a big company only little followers
You worshipped Obama for owning social media analytics. But when it's Zuckerberg (a Jew) conspiring with Bannon (a "Nazi") to get Trump ("Hitler") elected, suddenly it's an issue. You're hilarious, mr. devil.
lmfaooo
What abt if they send Ukrainian virgins? You seem to like them a lot.
 Good one, God!
With no hand basket. Just straight to hell.
NOW they find God....so typical!
And, now, have they blocked you?
I’ll bet they’re thinking......well, I’ll be God damned.
@Stop_Trump20 @HMCabinetCat @drix78 @campbellclaret
Twitter is the devils work. Anyone who uses makes fun of you on Twitter will burn in hell for eternity and that’s a long time

.....You know they're just gonna switch to sending you Russian girls.

Like you couldn’t build something better!
Lol why do you only follow Justin Bieber?
Because he IS Justin Beiber! Didn't you know?... ;)
Go get 'em, Lord.
They are just after your followers. Hope you blocked them.
We’ll keep on trying

I don't believe you. Sorry... typo. I don't believe in you. 

But your posts are so damn good I'll keep following you anyway. Any tips for the races tomorrow God?
Ukraine has to be good for something
Are you telling me you won’t accept Ukrainian girls into Heaven?? Because honestly haven’t they been through enough?
First creation of God was Adam and Eve all nude...shouldn't bother you right?
god helps those who "helped" themselves. whose side are you on anyway?
And on what day did you make the dotard? (and why?)

and so they should
Hey God, you should tell 'em that they are in your thoughts and prayers...and them proceed to troll their account.

love and kindness

They're looking for a divine intervention.

Sheesh, and I thought I needed a shower after being followed by Scaramucci, but CA?! Take a few bleach  showers, God.
Well they need you right now to get out of the hole God! Be a savior for the wronged!
Lmao!
Is Lucifer not following you?
No god  no death
I LOVE YOU! 
Never goes away...
I bet my left nut that they have all of your followers info.

Block em
Keep sending the Ukrainian girls. They make wonderful angels.
They use Twitter now...
Hahaha
Send the to the slaghter house breee
Just because....
I died with this tweet and then I go see who you follow....
Ipso facto...God = Justin Bieber

I was followed by Scaramucci the other day. I felt so dirty that I had to go take a hot shower!
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-YOU Rich
YAHWEH, will the Ukrainian girls be in Hell when I get there???
AMEN    AMEN   AMEN   AMEN
Jesus Christ .....
From your lips to your ear!
Hey, I like that!
God, are you and Lyin Ted getting a discount or women?
whats wrong with #Ukrainian girls?.....  God, are you gay? #AskingForAFriend
Thank God.
But did it work with @POTUS?
Nope he didn’t quite get the golden shower he was expecting
If we leave the human infestation alone eventually they will eradicate themselves.
Lately you don’t leave any surprises for the humans.
GOD if you keep this up I am going to start believing in you again!
Dear Almighty, is it true you occasionally have the honor of being granted an audience with  Zuck?
Would you be interested in a land deal in exchange for turning over your God powers? Let me know, please use ProtonMail for correspondence
Confirmed!

@s8n can you confirm?
Well almighty if Ukrainian hookers won’t do it for you do you think they will do it for me????...hell no
The psychographic profile of an omniscient being must be a serious data suck.
No shot at Purgatory?
#JailZuckerberg
To hell on a high speed train!!!
Now is a good time to cut their electrical circuit right? Just as they’re shredding and deleting evidence?
They'll start sending you Ukrainian boys instead 
Please god, smite them!
Send them to me, why not add a dude in the mix?  forgive me for sinning.
I'd block the idiots
While your at it send Trump and his group with them.

I shall add them to the list.
Georgia needs you God! You and Ukrainian girls 
Holy... Hell!! 
I love you so much God!!!!!
He's not really Gid, you know

Holy fuck
Don’t worry @CamAnalytica, you’ll still get your visit to prison first.
This is great!
Just send me the Ukrainian girls. I was Ukrainian orthodox deacon married to Hells red head daughter. Next...
Oh God , Are you on Facebook ? Whether your data is safe ?
I was surprised when Anthony @Scaramucci started following me. Crazy, huh?
Exactly why would they only want FB data?
I don't give a s...
I finally became an independent after Bush.
Of course they already know that I'm sure...
Appropriate.
they probably want deliverance from using people's data from FB.
I'm single and not in office, send em over here!
Trying to buy their way into heaven.

So .. what Nationality of women will it cost?
Lol
I still want to know why you're not following me.Was what I saw as a young child walking home from school in NJ the appearance of a "man" in a robe; you, your son or an angel of yours or do I just have a form of schizophrenia.
All three
Thou shall not send Ukrainian girls to fix the shit you've done.
Maybe, if I pray real hard, You could send me a couple of those Ukrainian girls? I've seen them in MetART.
They want to know how to tailor commercials so that God himself will succumb to sending money to evangelical speakers on tv. xD
I blocked them.
Satan himself.
They are after Mary's services.
How do they get them up there. Ritual sacrifice like the Aztecs.
Was this Gods Plan? Drake is asking
GOD PLEASE TELL ME IF BEING GAY IS OKAY
If it was good enough for Jesus...
They’re just trying to harvest your data so they can create your personality profile to better tailor their influencing messages about the upcoming elections, chill out God. Mother Teresa was doing it for years. #MakeHeavenGreatAgain
Big Brother is watching you.
But why do you only follow justin bieber
.@CamAnalytica @WhiteHouse @PressSec @realDonaldTrump @GOP @DevinNunes @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @facebook
Ha ha ha ha!!! Now that's telling them which end the Buffalo S***s!!!! Love you God!!! Pray for me please? I need to get out of this situation I'm in and just don't know if I should move and stay close to my grandchildren or move away due to my son & his wife's nonsense?
Where in the #OCEAN personality traits do you fit?
Vindictive; prone to bouts of smiting and unleashing of plagues.
Block the criminal organization.
Apparently your friends are there friends too...

They could send some my way.
Given the rapidly decaying quality of the humour in your tweets...Hell seems to be quite appealing. Time to retire, old boy, I think
I can't wait till they get here!
Ahah, they know you already have everyone's private data... Monetize it! 
Lol, Satan always follows God... :P

seeking forgiveness??
Are you saying they are killing girls and sending them to heaven?
Hopefully @s8n reserved a good place in hell for them.
#AfterIDieIWillFinally Kick your arse
Your screwed God ... we all know Facebook is more powerful than even you.
@ayanbh7
She has spoken...
I bet she gets more likes.
Hey God. Smite the people who run this account. They have your data.

He has spoken...
Ukraine girls really knock me out.
Putin says, "Yes, but only if they leave the west behind."
good god following you is hell
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
