The Bible says, “... God opposes the proud but gives grace to the humble.” (James 4:6)
You must be Democrat eh?
Dear God, please don't defame all female dogs with the accusation that they gave birth to a snake oil salesman.  Thanks.

There is only one god to follow.... 


I don't follow the directions from a book transposed 3000 years ago.
A book that was composed & curated when a huge percentage of the world couldn't read, write, or rationalize.  How much drug use & cultural theft was involved as well?  It scares me how many people still insist we all have Adam & Eve's DNA.
Man wrote the Bible.
Thank you, bot #75681181
Smite this cocksucker
Fucking A
@Franklin_Graham
The first sin was actually arrogance, says so in the bible, and the world and it's people says it too and it's still everywhere in today's existing
#metoo
Doesn't this go against Twitter's rules. Attacking and cursing at somebody. Roger Stone was banned for something less. Oh yeah this account is liberal so they are saved.
@flomaxmueller must follow the man
Funny how he invokes Your name without Your consent
Another lame fellow with a twitter account.. psycho
Why would a loving god allow Reba McEntire to exist ?
Connie? Were you at the 500 today? My son said it's been really warm there.
I wish....but no I'm in Tn. and it was still cool here. Watched on tv....
burnnnnnnnnnn
Hahaha
Fakery & acting is never a good idea.  honesty is always the best policy. God hates lying & liars :((
Should god be swearing 
Franklin is a bad man.
Um, excuse, but are you allowed to say that GOD?
That he is!
You’re so irreverent.  Is that an oxymoron?

Methuselah  "Man of the dart/spear", or alternatively "his death shall bring judgment"[1]) is the man reported to have lived the longest at the age of 969 in the Hebrew Bible.[2] Methuselah was the son of Enoch, the father of Lamech, and the grandfather of Noah.
99 ?  WTAF ?  Haahaha
I figured he just tore that page out from his copies...
The BIG G bringing it.
You know, we would not be against targeted lightning strikes.
Thank you for indoor plumbing.
yes, a man who pretty much defines opportunistic grifter.
Yassssss God.   Draaaaaaaggggg him
Good answer God
Thank you, God.
i can't think of too many folks farther from God than Franklin Graham. he is a turd.
This is why I love you God!!
@brook_tekie I like this God.
#FranklinGraham is a grifter.
hahahahahahah indeed and Santa says pretty much the same, right?
Like the new pic, God. Lookin’ good!
It is convenient when God tweets otherwise we too might have to go to modern day mental asylum called church to understand his work.
Hey, don't confuse him with facts.
Well...Ya' gotta admit...You "certainly" did NOT give Trump "grace" ...or... "humility."
((Covers Ears)) Wow,  God.... just Wow
Go God! 
Amen
You left out venal

It needed to be said - thank you GOD
Jesus is real. Look to your selves & your own hearts. We each will have enough to be humble about, on the day we meet Christ. Remember, bless your enemies. Love covers a multitude of sin. Christianity is a noun, verb & adjective in life! 
Franklin Graham's tweets are basically fodder for you, right?
Can you also swear in German?! 
God never abuses!!!!!
Fucking a, God! Franklin Graham is such a hypocrite.  @Franklin_Graham
Wow.  I pray you don’t ever read the comments on a Franklin Graham tweet.  Wow.
Thanks Dad....
I love you god
That's what I call God smack!
Go, God!
What a abusive tweet by some unknown handle & someone RT's too! Pathetic
God wins (again): 11k  on Franklin’s 9k  tweet.
God Damn!
That's why you'll never be a God #wannabeGod
Phony cristian douche
get it God! 
Good one God
Franklin means the humble are the predators and pedophiles he supports.
I  God
What is he going to do about all the channels' against him by Abba? Been talking to who knows what's up, he doesn't appear to see any future. Seraphim pointed him out to be Sanat Kumara, a fallen god.
Wish more so called Religious persons would read Corinthians 1 13:13
The lord hath spoken.
Bless you, Lord.
Good going on the slap down!
He's proud of being humble
god has spoken motherfuckers
What God said...
Yep, he's one of mine!
His sister Anne Graham Lott is supposed to be a hateful diva, too.
Omfg god, chill
This may be the best tweet you've ever  made. :)
Don’t sugarcoat it!!
Amen.
LOVE YOU @TheTweetOfGod  
Well, Franklin walked right into that. Just a little preview of what God has in store for you, @Franklin_Graham. There's a hot rock in Hell with your name on it.
Thank you God!
ajajajajaja,no podés!!!! muy gracioso,jajajaja

Preach Brother, a Bigly Amen and a little extra for the plate today.
It may have taken forever but @The TweetGod is finally getting worked up about those who claim to speak on his behalf here on earth. They are giving you a bad name. They lost me decades ago.
You tell him, God!
Christianity is one big Mulligan.
Get the. Rich
I don’t trust  hypocritical preachers who are only in it for the money and endorse other liars and  hypocrites
I just don't understand how this man came about. What hell has wrought this?  His Father gave faith to millions. Is that it?
Touche
God has spoken to you, @Franklin_Graham.

As a "good Christian", will you heed His call THIS time?
And...
It's always the proud bigot that thinks every compliment is for them.
Wish I’d said that
@dawnsotolongo @Franklin_Graham
This guy can't be taking about trump
I love the old testament "get off my lawn" god.  
What would @Franklin_Graham know about #humility. #ThereIsNoGod #Scammers #StealFromThePoor #GoingToHell
My wife wants me to give up Twitter for Lent. But this might change her mind.
And by "grace to the humble", Graham doesn't mean any money or respect...or clothing..or help..thats his behind his fortress and dynasty
You can talk. You're the one who started all this shit.

Sing it God.  Sing the truth.
So all of Trumps supporters in the White House and his senators he has in the hip pockets are loathed by god and the us common folk well he loves us  oh he loves us
Preach
This should score you some points with Satan
Thank you father
The lord went off
So there!

...
#SipsTea
Look at me! LOOK AT ME! LOOOOOK AT MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!

I am humble.
It never occurs to them that claiming to have knowledge of the will of a deity the rest of us don't is pretty much a textbook example of the Pride mentioned in the Bible. Either that or dementia.

Amen
Can he tell us more about the talking snake. I liked that part of the book because I like fictional bull shit snake 
Let’s bring out the sores and boils!
Given God was supposed to have “created man”, and that he made them in all shapes and sizes, shouldn’t he have to accept who and what he created?  Sounds like a very fussy God to find himself picking and choosing between us all.....
And Franklin graces Donald because he's so...humble?
OHHH DAMN, GODSMACKED
Sigh 
Touche God!
God...just callin ‘em like he sees ‘em!
He can say that while supporting DJT? Wow. Purposeful ignorance is amazing.
He also say grab a handful of kids and smash their skulls in for the craic. Psalms 137:9
Wao...god or God
god i love you!

Blessed art thou oh Lord our God who tweets in the most awesome and brilliant ways. Amen.
Are you really everywhere????
No more smiting?
Good God! That's good, God. That's really good God there. God, that's good! God. And good. Wow.
Even Billy knew religion was a business. Sadly, Franklin loves the money and the spotlight so much he doesn't even know he smites himself every day.
But you did say that though.
Breathe, god, breathe.....

Calm down.
Can you and Dante work on a 20th level of hell just for this guy?
Everyone needs God in their lives to keep them straight.
And Gay 

Good God lighten up Francis

Isn’t it about time for a good smiting?
Amen God.
Oh God, what would Jesus think of your utterances on a Sunday!!!
What's your thoughts on organized religion?
You know you made God angry when you've made him mess up his punctuation.
I pray Mueller gets you @Franklin_Graham   You definitely were an American that colluded with Russia. You decided to do that in 2015 when you met with Putin.
@Franklin_Graham is a "NOMINAL" Christian like other Evangelicals! We can't find "Teachings of Jesus" in their lives or actions.
Dude, you've got the power to smote, use it.
I think that's the result of doing the actual smiting, if I'm understanding my cosmic retribution tenses correctly.
Come on, now... Let it all out and say what you really think. You'll feel better. LOL!
That's only relevant if you believe the bible to be fact instead of the truth that it's made up and total crap.
He's horrible. Doesn't know the meaning of humility nor love or forgiveness.... Hell-his dictionary is missing. Awful person who is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Hhhhhh 
Thank you God!  I have no idea the God Franklin follows.
My heart doesn't want to "cuss" - but my heart also recognizes the truth. So it says 'Go God and spread it on the mountain'.
God is pretty thin skinned! Lol 
God is right!
Franklin Graham Crackers.
Meh...@Franklin_Graham and @realDonaldTrump do serious damage to organized religion everyday.
His statement leads the entire GOP out of it
Ah,... God? Maybe he’s calling Trump proud? It’s a possibility, just saying.  In which case I would agree with him (for the first time).
Yo God lovin the smite
Taken
Lightening bolt time?

AMEN, BROTHER.... ummmm   Brother God?
such a shame when God is using twitter..... and uses such hateful language.  Glad you are not my god and never will be....

Hurrah God. Way to go. Genuflecting to you as we speak.
Burn...
Follow me and I will bless you ...
Got your back.
@TheTweetOfGod call this one out
no one asked for my opinion but I’m giving it anyways...we as a nation brought these mass school shootings upon ourselves when we legalized abortion. we made it legal to murder unborn babies so God is saying “alright fine, if this is what you want then I’ll release my blanket of
The mother of all slams .. from the Almighty ‘himself’... Lol 
an excerpt from Matthew 6:1-6,16-21 so whenever you give alms, do not sound a trumpet before you, as the hypocrites do and in the streets. And whenever you pray, pray to your father in secret
I got more to call out the government "Christians" but they like to pick and choose what parts of the Bible they like. As far as I'm concerned... All or nothing.
Also gay transgender whatever you want you are acceptable in today's society. Let me find the actual verse in the Bible
Says the "Religious cleric" who counseled using Nuclear Weapons on Iraq because.....9/11.
His dad was a wrong 'un too, a cuntbox that spent his life spouting hateful shite & lining his pockets and spent much of the 80's hanging out of the back of Cliff Richard.
#devilwoman #mistletoeandwine
Praise...You!
You're awfully judgemental... Mind You, I'm not saying you're wrong.
Old Testament God was super judgey.
You gained a follower.
Smite him with a jawbone of his ass your Big Daddyness!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
