Clever I see
I wonder y dis God  is following only  Justin Bieber 
Is he an angel in ur Kingdom 

nah
Wait what?
I 'liked' but not retweeted, just to prove a point. lolz.
oops I haven't

Thee does not thou listen you thee lord I AM a lord
You better go to hell. 
Sorry, but God and I disagree on a number of things. 
G, really?
NO . I purposely will neither agree nor retweet this and by disobeying U the world doesn’t come to an end .
Hahahaha
I am readu
I am raedy for bileved jejus and bible
God you are good!! You know we are hiring!
What does "RT" stand for?
 

Shouldn’t it be:

You will retweet this. RT if you disagree.
Denied. Unless a cock crows three times.
RT
U r the BEST, GOD!
As it's you why not.  You are, after all god.......sorry God.
Yes oh omniscient one!
For as I know the God of the Bible to be, we shall RT!
a god of potential folly! (patriarchy)
god, if i make kanye west laugh do i get to go to heaven?
Not until you appear right here by my side and tell me to. Even then I maybe will, maybe won't. Depends on your offer. No offence.
I'll do it, but I don't have to Like it.
No.
Hii
I feel like Im not actually supposed to...
I can't because you don't exist 
Naaah
My sense of will is deteriorating
You seem to going soft— what happened to the old uncaring god- the one that we all love, and know?
No.
Not until you stop following Justin. Then we might RT
No.
No way!
Fan I don't believe in
I refuse
It’s like he’s omnipotent or something!!!
If you said *not retweet, that would be a paradox.. just like your existence
I'm fkd.
Hahaaa!! God only follows one person and it’s Bieber! Gotta love that.
Super
I will retweet anything for you.  However,  can you tweet @DLoesch and tell her to quit using your blessings for her nutjob tirades?
I felt so compelled, as if my thoughts and feelings were not my own...
Twit of a little man haha
Your wish is my command.
y. u dnt have world to run?
Dude, only 2k tweets in 8 hours... I guess jesus is planning a coup!!!
Freedom from choice, it’s what you’ve got #destiny #Jesus
I wish Twitter would just verify this account.
This is meta meta.

If the same message sent to Ultra-religious right with "disagree" ==> ultimate dilemma!!!
OMG you  read my mind 
FAV if I don't believe in you?
Oops
Hehe!
Nope!
No
binh duong maybe don't like me
Totally agree. Thanks God
No.
Your meant to say "RT if you disagree" and that way you have both scenario's covered.
Oh well... even God makes mistakes 
Free will
Can I retweet if I don't agree?
Oh God, why hast thou taunted me?
And You noticed?! Cool.
Yes .... yes i did!!!
I’m a rebel I liked it but did retweet it. Let your wrath rain down on me.
Sorry, I’m agnostic
I guess I am a follower after all
JeezGod Ed Hochili is retiring!!!! What the absolute fuck..... eh?
oh my god
I'm not talking to you anymore, you're not the boss of me.
Who is RT?

No I don't #wannabeGod
Yes God
Yes, Lord.
What if I don't believe in you?
https://twitter.com/Autistic_Mystic/status/971068454651551745?s=19 … the only true god @neiltyson
NEWSFLASH! @NASA & @elonmusk are joining forces to send a massive gold statue of @neiltyson on the moon! It will cost around 200 million dollars. They just started a #Gofundme. From now on if you see something…


Whatever, God!!

You will retweet this. RT if you agree!
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich 
YAHWEH, If I RT, will I go to Purgatory instead of Hell???
AMEN    AMEN    AMEN    AMEN    AMEN
smart ass god...
good god retweet thyself

#RATM 
Fuck that! What have u done for us lately?
I am preparing for the SMITING.  Do your worst!
Kontol
Talk to me and I will RT
Do I have to?
I retreat therefore I am.
I'm not a weak minded fool.
Sorry.
Nah..that is no fun
Wait... is this a test of free will???
I don't RT nonexistent human constructs.
No
Don’t you mean Thou Shalt retweet...?  ;-)

Had no choice...
You're not the boss of me

Sorry, I don't take orders from God
I went the extra step ‘G’ and “liked” it too!  Can I get an Amen! Hey, we still on for Brunch?
What if I don't? Does it mean you are not all mighty or not all knowing?
How did you know I would, oh Great Knower Of Everything?
“I’m not falling for that again.” ~Satan
uhh, i am anti-mainstream - i just liked this tweet...
I would agree with you, but considering you are the figment of someone's imagination I feel it would be poor judgement on my part.
Fuck. You got me there
I defy you. And I, perforce, await your lightning bolt!
Welp.

But was my retweet part of gods plan, or free will?
Both.
Yes, oh, merciful one
oh my god
Well played god
HEEEY!

Dumb..
You can’t make me!

No 
RT if I died for nothing.
If they can keep you out of the schools, why can't they keep you off of Twitter?
Fuck you i won't do what you tell me
Not unless you threaten me with hell, fire and brimstone.
Your tweets are getting boring
God knows if I will.
You will 'not' retweet this. RT if you agree !
I do not bow to your whims, sir.
Bugger off! 
Who said that?!
I have free will you dork.
Go to hell 
oh ffs put the bottle down bro
You are the only God I believe is real
(I was an Antitheist)
RT what, your tweet doesn't exist!  ;)  #atheist #atheism
F u c k off chutiye.
#OneDirectionBestFans RT if u agree
#OneDirectionBestFans
No. You don't exist and therefore can not tell me what to do.
No? 

Dang it I already did...
Ain't free will a bitch?
Sorry, I've authority issues.
The above tweet will end with?
You are awesome..
Your wish is my command. Or, your command is my command. Hang on, I don't believe in you...
You won't retweet this.. RT if this is true.
*Free Will* #JusSayin #SorryNotSorry #ImINFAMOUS #YerDoinItWrong
Fite me
Joke's on you, God. I still believe in free will! At least until the end of the semester.
And reply as well.
You're not the boss of me!!
You have no power over me. Hail Satan.
God has spoken!

*mind blown*
Yes?
Screw you god you don't tell me what to do
That’s entrapment
You can't make me, also your beard is shit.
NO
iiii8i p
Retweet if you will retreat instead
I will agree that i will like this tweet
Inshallah.
God you’re so attention seeking. Calm down. Are you not busy?
God is on vacation, @realDonaldTrump is incharge!
He never has anything to do.
Not sure if you're talking about God or Donald Trump, but you're right in both cases!
Free will 
Even today it's hard to disobey the Old Man.
Heere’S your sign
I chose to deliberately disobey you....
Disagree.  I'm a contrarian.  Sometimes.
Still funny Andy!
dammit I wish I had free will!!!
NO GODS TELL ME WHAT I'LL DO!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
