Physicist Stephen Hawking has died at the age of 76, a spokesman for his family has said http://bbc.in/2GpapQF 
#dadu world world bawdy grave worship ..!
They eat insects from them and ask them .. !!
When will your brother understand
True happiness will be obtained from the true name of God.
To know, on daily sadhana channel from 7.30 am to 8.30 pm
Lord, treat Stephen kindly. This world was not fair to him. Give him the comfort he so deserves. Amen

Be sure and take notes

RIP to Mr. Hawking.  

The world just became dumber.
I'm glad you've met your match!

That you are a human shuck who is about as funny as a donkey far.
Strange coincidence - Stephen Hawking passed away on the anniversary of Albert Einstein's birth
#सतभक्ति_से_आईं_खुशियाँ

https://youtu.be/F4B1lHDbmh8 

I've been asking that a lot of late
Now he gets to meet his maker... God.
so atheists get into heaven then? @rickygervais .. we're onto a fucking winner then Ricky boy 

#सतभक्ति_से_आईं_खुशियाँ

https://youtu.be/F4B1lHDbmh8 
You won’t be bored #stephenhawkins
This man had billions of ideas, send him back oh mighty God and we will offer one with billions of dollars and a glowing Orange face.
Won't tell you what you think but what to do.
Careful though Lucifer want him too ...
God can tell you everything but you don't have a heart full of faith so you can't  remember what god said


I will never get that f*cking saying, "God works in mysterious ways". Why would you take an outstanding scientist like Hawking, but saddle us with that wanker Orange cheeto in the White House? #GetYourPrioritiesStraight
Well Hawking lived about 50 years longer than expected, so there's that.
Indeed. 

Doctors- 'We give you a couple of years'
SH 'Nah I'll take 55 thanks'.
You won't like what he has to say.
You are that you are. That's what you were thinking & that's what you are thinking right now, as you listen to Professor Hawking telling you so. And that's a good thing!
I cc'd  Ur other ID @TheGoodGodAbove I hope U don't mind! Happy #PiDay 2!!!
I like it was good
God @BillyIdol

Finally, someone can tell Me what I was thinking ... https://twitter.com/BBCBreaking/status/973767529616347137 … …
Physicist Stephen Hawking has died at the age of 76, a spokesman for his family has said http://bbc.in/2GpapQF 
Sure, you only listen to guys!
Pfft
So I read gnostics think there's something bigger than you and it makes them break their arm patting themselves on the back for Creation, but never bother to bring an actual life into the world themselves.
*kashnortles*
Superior man?
LoL
OK ego

I am so sad.  This man broke through all the noise in my world and spoke like a poet about the universe.
Nope
@mazinalamir
We definitely need an explanation, wtf did you do? 
RIP Stephen.
The human life is rarely found, it does not appear to be broken by a frequent flow
God you are so funny...be a part of life please
When you see Steven, please tell him thank you for everything! Also, take Trump too.
U weren't..
In passing he knew about timing. He trumped Trump's news on Tillerson on the eve of pi day recognition. Always be remembered for his depth in communication to us regular folk. Thank you and God bless!
When something you create, comes back to haunt you
Yes, indeed dear God. You can't see your own damn blind spot. But, don't sweat. Nobody does.
Give him back you homeless wizard
I hope you put the kettle on for him. :)
I envy your conversations....
Brilliant 
Can you put him in charge please?
I was thinking he finally found love.
Oh the things he will do.  With you.
Sorry...no. He can't. He can only tell you what happened. Only you knew what you were thinking...if you were thinking...
You are mean God, you never reply to our tweets! Aren't you supposed to reply to our calls, even if it is on twitter. I hate you!
If there's a thunderclap it's God facepalming.
Dr. Hawking will forgive you God.
Whoa!
Tears
Saint Stephen Hawking
If you exist, why did you cripple him? Why do you cripple anyone?
Sheldon will be depressed for many episodes! Not just his hero!
I pray he found what he was searching for most of his life.  His creator, that made everything he was so passionate about! His creator that knew his true and kept him focusing in that direction! May he Rest In Peace with God & his angels reveal the truth he yearned for 
Either that or tell you you dont exist
Now you have a worthy Secretary of Science. He will serve you well. He helped us tremendously.
At least you get to find out how it ends, unlike the rest of us...
lucky you...
Posolutely you’ll miss him, who could’ve helped you to explore Alpha Centauri; you don’t do justice...
Why did you took him, bitch?
The world is lesser for losing him
F*ck you God, he was the only one who can prove that your existence is a lie.
That the both of you thought it would be funny to do it on Pi day. #RIPStephenHawking #PiDay
A true loss for humanity and science...R.I.P. 
He has told that you didn't and don't have much choice over functioning of the universe...

He was our best chance to prove you do not exist 
Say hi to him for us
You had to use a throw pillow, didn't you?
@Eshubber 
It's all about cycles: spiritually vs materialism, rationality vs irrationality, religion vs science, the science cycle is nearly complete.
Welcoming him into the firey pits of hell now.
Be kind with him 
I see you kill the scientist before the scientist can kill God. Is that Dogma?
Freedom!!!!

Goodbye
Please bless this dear soul.
There are so many creationist in heaven , someone sane is required to guide them.
i mean let’s be real one of the greatest minds trapped in a deficient body, that type of irony is totally your thing
Omitophuo 
All these options and u decided to choose Stephen hawkings . #ripStephenHawking
Real life human Superman !
Give him back
God damn... that was a great tweet
You did good when you made him.
Is there like a buyer’s remorse on this? People of Earth will be willing to trade 2 for 1
I will forever remember his robot voice.
Take him for a walk in the forest, he’s been in that chair a long time. He will need to stretch out his aches and pains, he will explain I’m sure!
We have a new star  in the sky
How can you take someone like him and leave someone useless like Trump on this earth??
That is ALWAYS the way it is!  The good die and we are left with the garbage!
Y’all are going have great conversations. Please alleviate his pain.
He can help you fix up some of that silly relativity vs quantum stuff!
You should be responsible for this.
You don't want someone to get closer to you?
You weren't that's the problem, since the beginning you weren't thinking.
Too soon.

Rest in particulate matter #StephenHawking
ACTUALLY MATTER IS JUST A 3 DIMENSIONAL PROJECTION OFF THE HUMAN HEART.. i AMM
Your son may have walked on water, but Stephen Hawking ran on batteries.

#StephenHawking R.I.P.

LOL, God!  Please -- quit making mistakes!  You should have taken that Orange Cheetos Jesus instead!
If there was a god he would point out that any form of hate is still hate. Ridiculing people for who they are, rather than how they are would hardly enable you to consume anything Stephen Hawking would have said. Stephen never would have said something like this.
you going to just point out flaws or help everyone come up with fixes for the terrible things the traitor in the white house is doing as well
And was replying to someone else on FB with the same thing.... hope you called him to wherever the fuck to help fix things. He can do it.

Probably not. I have a feeling most of your intellect will be dismissed as #FAKENEWS thus the demise of mankind. #SAD #MAGA

The God Particle returns to God
Damn.  RIP Dr Hawking 
God needed wisdom, so he took Hawking. Bad God!

I figured you'd think of him as the competition.
 Bang on it Lord…
Pressure of someone stolen from you
#RIP

Time to see if that whole atheism thing paid off.
When you see him, please thank him for everything he’s done for us.
You obviously lack self belief
.
I don't think I've felt sadder at the passing of a public figure in many a year.
stupid tweet
He's going to kick you in the balls.

nope he didn't believe in you remember

On to the next great adventure...
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
