Faltu u r mad
Uh l
@MrBazingaa  lol
These people are pure idiots.
Ko

Go 
What a ravaneng
On earth as it is in heaven.
It's always sunny in Philly!!
Thank you
LOL.
@markchaps17
Lol

When god's disagree:(
Capitalist gods. One of them owns a garbage disposal company, the other one owns a construction company.
They didn't disappoint.

Holy shit I love this way too much. Gotta steal it, bud.
Enjoy! Use often and indiscriminately
Geesh....look what you did.
God, you're hilarious! 
Burn baby burn
Bitter are we?  Oh man. Sad, really.

"FLY EAGLES FLY!!"
Dude, it's not Detroit--calm down
The city is literally on fire.
I'm sorry for you-water should take care of it though
Let's not advocate property destruction in Philadelphia or anyplace. People could get injured or killed that way.  Let's advocate that Philadelphia celebrates joyfully and safely.
You clearly don't know anything about Philly.
I read an article where they were greasing all the light poles in Philly so none of the fans could climb them 
They've done that for years.
I just started reading God’s tweets and I’m peeing my pants
I see stupid people...
Oh nevermind.
I lived in Philly for 12 long years. Victory rage is definitely a tradition with them. I think the nation's limelight falling on them puts them into a rage because it reminds them of how isolated and provincial they are.
Getting others to do your work i see.


Just goes to show a team with a good blunt could get you where you need to go

Good to see that God has a sense of humour.
This is all your fault.
@shashanoid

https://twitter.com/bustedcoverage/status/960378789854359553 … they did!
The Ritz canopy has collapsed 
 That's a good one, God. Slap my knee! 
You still owe the @Vikings a Super Bowl. Man, you hate us. Like, really.
pssst....check out @duracell tweet. They know who will always be buying their batteries.
OK, Philly we have conflicting commandments...clearly one of these is a false god.  WWJD
@mary_d7
I’m so glad I know who won, my life is now complete. I have obtained all the knowledge I seek in this world. Thanks, God. #superbowlsunday #yayfootball ...
I thought that was what Camden was for?
Ok
God, God. That’s not very nice.
Hey, have you READ the Old Testament?  

--------------------------
.@ChrisCraddock5 
I read the Old Testament back when we used to just call it The Testament.

We will.
Oh God, you're such a devil
Woot!
So true haha
LMAO!!!
Why did you smite the Patriots?   Listening to the players and coaches,  it sounds like you rig every game.
Especially the 2 non td touchdowns
Like we need you to persuade us!
I see many players thanked you this evening. Winning!
You made them 
Their cities, not our cities. The people of Minneapolis would not appreciate that since we have been nothing but welcoming.

That fumble saved the Eagles ass.... great defensive play....
I’ll settle for them rubbing lard onto piles.


Q to God: Do you switch teams every year? Wondering because every year, players say the win is all your doing. Thanks for clarifying.
Tom drop the ball
Thank you God !!!!
Like you had to tell them. That started before the 2 minute warning
I love you. Please keep tweeting.
Thanks God!  We deserve this win!  Hey Brady, you old man, get off the field watch the EAGLES FLY!  Fly Eagles  Fly!
Question God. Did you interfere with this game outcome as the Eagles are giving you all the credit? Is nothing safe from interference?

Luckily they're one of the few NFL teams who have an actual jail in their Stadium
That was in the Vet genius
Apparently all of the glory goes to you no matter who wins
God Trump can kick your ass.
They are !!
Apparently according to the coach  you threw the game to the Eagles. You had money on it didn't you !!!
No, no, no, no! Congrats, but no.
Note, that "your" city not Minneapolis
@TheGoodGodAbove topped you as being good
Time to raise the walls within the vicinity of downtown Minneapolis and torch the whole damn thing!!! 
It's only right that the Patriots shake hands but no, Brady walked off. What a baby.
No post game interview with Brady? #Petty. #Superbowl #Patriots #Eagles
No. Brady did a post game. He didn't shake hands because that's common after the SB. Let's winning team celebrate. Brady talked with PHI players in hallway
Destroy mar-a-largo instead.

#PrayForPhilly
No I live near there I don't wanna breath in the smoke from that
LOL!!!
@VinceCauchon
How do you destroy what is already destroyed?
No go torch Trumps House
It's so funny, because it's true.
lol!
#Truth
You’re useless. #FlyEaglesFly
Philly Philly
They only won because you willed it! Lol.
Hope you’ve already seen the Liberty Bell. I doubt it’ll be around come morning.
Greased light poles can’t stop those guys!
Lol
Maybe they got enough crap after the NFC championship game to learn that is a bad reputa.... Who the hell am I kidding.
Please don't destroy your city! That's something only God would say! Keep it nice and unblemished if possible! No more destruction, how about you just celebrate old school style have a good old dance party with everyone bringing a dish or a pot luck! Heck go to Disneyland!
Well, Dee-ooosss, you heard the prayer of millions of Americans, god truly believes in the underdogs.
hell, no, God: first ya get 'em out of Minneapolis, before they tear us apart
Wow I thought the same thing. It didn't matter if they won or lost, Philly was be raised to the ground
Make Sodom and Gomorrah look like a camp fire
Donald Trump Does not approve of this t-shirt.
But We Love Tom Hanks & His T-shirt !!
Get This T-shirt : https://goo.gl/Uovds1 
15 % Off !! RT & BUY #ImpeachTrump
#AMjoy
YOOO SOUTTH JERSEY IS LIT RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU GOD
Come on God!

In 3...2...1...
Wait! They’re not in “their” city! They’re in mine! Minneapolis should not be destroyed.
We will....we will
Liberty Bell will get another crack tonight. #SuperBowl
...And punch the police horses
Oh God... ;)
Hahaha!!! Good call.
Thank you god
They will.
Thank you!  I couldn’t stand to see Tom Brady win another Super Bowl!
Next year is gonna be hard for you then
Their city. Not ours...
go punch another police horse
God speaks the truth
A classy city like Filthadephia will make us proud
BUT DON'T DESTROY MINNEAPOLIS PLEASE
Please just don’t destroy mine. #Ilivehere

don't give them permission!


You do exist!
... and out of Minnesota!
Had to have miracle in the book.  So wentz is worthless...congrats
That’s awesome!!!
there is a you!
Grease up them lamp poles!
Hydraulic Fluid*
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
