Instead we're stuck with people from Uranus.
Yeah, I can't top that.
You couldn't even top the crucifix.
And now you're going to Hell, Joe.
I thought they barred you ... Mars Bar ... get it? (sorry) lol

You are getting old- you already did that, remember?
I did. And I haven't looked back.
Even God likes Bruno Mars!
That's because @BrunoMars uptown funked him up.
@elonmusk  is that you ..??
Flat Marsers would probably be worse TBH.

Snickers ain't too bad.
@elonmusk here we have a volunteer for Mars mission. one way trip
Should've gone with dogs. Made humans conscious instead.
Dogs are created by humans..
I'm not talking about bitches.
Maybe, with Your support, we/you could turn Mars into alternative opportunity where those of us wanting to live where NO weapons are allowed with commonly held goals expected could relocate
Yes, get rid of the pillows. And dust. And rust. Yes.
Let me know when pillows, dust and rust killed 17 high school students and teachers in less than 4 minutes - 20 elementary school children or in a church. These times will be a changing with or without you.  But keep defending the indefensible if you must - you'll learn.
Yes, I do believe in a ban on assault rifles, no, I don’t believe in banning every weapon. Without weapons there would still be wars. Not everything starts with a gun race.
You realize my 'conversation' with @TheTweetOfGod was tongue in cheek & not word for word literal? 

Glad to hear you support a ban on assault weapons. And, by the way, I've never advocated to end gun ownership but for real, coherent gun safety/registration/training legislation
First off - thought it was clear that I was making a joke. Second off - good for you.
I should've gone with Uranus
What did Snickers do to you?
Told u ... #Cadbury is for Kids
God damn it, God!
What Are Doing On Earth Then? Go Away
Yeah you should have. Thanks for all this BS.
What happened with Venus?
It was heaven went today ;)
Pls come here, We need your help.
Well you have about 5 more billion years to decide.
Yep. Earth was a big mistake
Jajaja  Dantooine maybe?
It's not too late. Create a habitable atmosphere.
Rapture me up there please
Life on Mars?
Is God okay? Too much chocolate ain't good for you.
#Mars is only the size of the #Earth’s core. And its orbit is just outside of the desired #GoldilocksZone . Then there’s the fact that Mars has been without a magnetosphere for several billion (with a B) years.
I am the ark angel Gabriel, and I am sent on a heavenly mission. You @TheTweetOfGod will renounce ur account, & tell the followers of yours u apologize for acting as the one true god, for god would not act as u, I am imperfect in this density, & am humbled by the human experience
U will put kind words of encouragement to return to knowing god. I am no judge, and no jurry...I am on gods mission to announce the coming of Christ, and the end is nigh, the beginning is nigh.

I suggest, you listen. 

And I suggest, u tell ur followers, all will b  


*
Eternal grace is, and will be. 

Namaste and Godspeed 

Hope.

Grace

Do good, receive good

Do bad, receive bad

We all have much to learn, and much to relearn in love of endless grace.

Do please listen 

Kindly 
I agree. Earth had always been a dump
It's not too late to change Your mind.
Please dude, give us like another 100 years, we’ll get this shit figured out...!!
Its amazing, as an atheist I find myself wishing God was real and I think I might pray more than believers asking that he/she would either end Humanity or do some serious rewiring.
End humanity? rewriting? It's like killing the patient, just to kill the decease. I say, give humans a change to rewrite themselves, and learn from past mistakes. Wipe out religion, before we wipeout ourselves
I am willing but I am pretty sure if we can't get past our Teenage years, we will likely destroy ourselves.
Excellent point LC, but these are the good old days. We are at the tip of the Age of enlightenment. I can just smell world peace, universal health coverage, freedom from religion. The embrace of reason/science.
Food and technology distribution, u know, the Wakanda way.
Greed is in our way.
Yes, there's greed, jealousy, envy, apathy, and a whole spectrum of human errs. But rather than ignore these human weakness; we'll address them. A bright future is worth it, but it'll hard to get there
You still can - just nudge it a little closer to the sun with a big asteroid strike with a little organic material onboard, and in a few million years earth 2.0! Slartibartfast would be proud!
Everyone there would have been green. Lovely.
I would have gone with Snickers.
Dont worry god. Elon's gonna take us there in a bit anyway!

@BrunoMars
Yeah I too love mars. His Music is lit 
@BrunoMars
It's never too late...
You may have to soon.
It's okay.  Nobody is perfect.  Wait...
Too late now.
Next time, regardless of the planet, put elephants in charge.
Amen.
Yes you should have
If you get your skates on you can stop us.
Is that why you sent your youngest son @elonmusk to Earth? $TSLA
Take me with you next time.
Not to late to start over. I wouldn't blame you in the least.
Or Venus?
Nah,twix
Yeah...me too.
Hindsight is 20/20
And smarter humans
It’s not too late bro.
Sad but soo  true ... its not to late focus on you and me building the Ark  so there is a getaway 4 a humanist . 
If Matt Damon can live there, so can I.
There's still time!
What would be different?
We already got mars thanks!
you may still get that chance

Yeah well you didn't old man... this is all your fault!
Thought that failed miserable? (See DOOM) 
As the place to create life or as the name for this planet?
well duh
lol
Nah, the god of war wouldn't have solved any problems. You should've gone with Venus.
Venus is HOT!
Yeah, she is.
I like the look of Uranus....

And horses. Definitely should have gone with horses.....
Take me with you..I got gas money !
@chelsa @dens 
You are very good man.
Agreed! Marrs 
You can call this a practice run.
Then we’d be chasing Earth
It was a tough call, God.
सामाजिक न्याय ही देश की एकता का असली सूत्र
Yeah, why didn't you... 
Yes, you should have!
we should
But April is so much better!! (Mars means March in swedish)
Well thanks a lot for figuring that out now.
you're going senile! - you tried Mars first! but the place just had no atmosphere

Different set of God’s mate.
Didn’t we mess that one up too?
I agree, Mars is better than twix or snickers
Namaskar Baba
It's never to late to make a choice though 
You’re fully aware of already trying Mars! ;-)
Elon beaing you to it. Maybe. Depends on the credit market. You still could if you are quick though. What's your credit rating?
Yes, cause she's really hot...
It's not too late
& jij bent ggdeestig...
YOU should have gone with Pluto!
Louis c k property no trespassing
You can always start again, Father. You've done it before.
Sweet. Can I telecommute?
So your mother was a virgin ha may be you should her to middle east they have shortage of virgins.
Have you forgotten about retrograde???  We're in retrograde dude !!!

You're one funny guy
I assumed you only went with Earth cuz you spilled your soda while you were working on Venus and Mars is too small to produce a strong magnetic field and hold atmosphere. Mars was actually an option?!
20/20 hindsight... glad you created that one, aren’t ya?
Thank you sir
You did and it didn’t work out, remember?
Lmao
It's not too late.

It made a pretty good candy bar
Bruno or Veronica Mars ?
There is still time to send a select few. About 5 or so?
Tee hee
Your Royal Highness:  At least you admit you're a Defective Deity™
You made a big mistake
Bloody hell. What is this message? Absurd n meaningless.
Or Gallifrey
Who said you didn’t 
Told Yah So
Yes the moon was already taken. By the Moonies!!!
You did
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich 
YAHWEH,  the Martians?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
I thought the Earthlings were Your "Chosen Ones".    AMEN
Ye boi elon is taking care of that
Venus would have been more of a challenge tbh
Practice makes BETTER! Perfection is for fools (don't fuss over that last 3%).
Oh, remember when John Lennon said The Beatles were more popular than Jesus?
Well now @ElonMusk can say that he's 4X more popular than GOD! (But he probably won't...)
BTW: No accounting for taste, God!
Marianne Faithful did 
There's still time, Lord. Earth took 6 days, so a Mars makeover could be done in 3 days.
Amen.
I mean, third time's the charm right?
You did. Don't you remember how badly we f#cked that planet up too? Don't blame us after giving us a second chance!
too high in ironin
No Saturn I like her rings. And it has more moons. Plus I almost spelt it Satin which looks like your mates name.
Just change the name of Earth to Uranus. Problem solved.
it’s not too late
#do-over
The planet is not the problem. Your mistake was with Adam - all downhill from there..
God is not happy that you are faking his account ;)
Ya that's better than snickers...
That could’ve been a Bounty, yes
Eh. So we would all have been about two feet taller while running it into the ground.  Big whoop
Well they do say ‘The a Mars a day, helps you work, rest and play!’

Other chocolate bars are available.
I say the same thing all the time.
Just give us a gentle push....we'll be off on a parabolic path
Well u did give us the Mars bar
But... then they want to put walls anyway 
Better should have
How about Twix instead?
Why? Weren't you there when there was life? And probably, you'd have said "Earth, I should have gone with Earth" then. 
That’s what I did, didn’t I @Sharon_Mars 
Naw, we would have ruined that planet also.
Or maybe Snickers?
Hello the planet of women!!!!#zztop
Nah, too sugary!
Heading there Thursday. I'll write.
It's not too late to change your mind.  Just make sure to remove all the evidence that there was intelligent life here.  Don't forget all the space probes.
It wasn’t the planet  it’s the people. Love most of your work #ThoughtsAndPrayers
I think someone has beaten you to it
Well Elon Musk is beating you to it
Snickers is tastier
Where do you find the time? Thought you'd retired.
Hind sight am I right?
And here I was thinking that was your first failed experiment 
Maybe you did go with mars!
Didn't you?
what a mean thing to say
Ares, or the Planet named after his Roman version ?
Q-:
You abandoned Mars too.
Not that You care, but we like Mars the way it is.
You should’ve gone with Aphrodite instead of some pointless virgin
Meh. No atmosphere.
It would have been way cooler.
Milky ways are good chocolate bars too.
would they have bounty like beaches as well???
I thought Mars was the beta test of Earth?
Just send a asteroid our way....oh wait ...you can't cause of the platypus
You suck, Zeus is by far the better God and you know it.
Unfortunately, you decided to put only one planet in the Goldilock zone. No backup planet even. Why you never thought of a failover situation.
Is it too late, your Holiness?
Eff you God. There's a few decent Earthlings among us.
meh
Yeah? Well everybody down here that mentions you seems interested in Uranus
God: @TheTweetOfGod 
Mars. I should have gone with Mars.
Human: @5280_native 
Instead, we're stuck with people from Uranus.
Ya know it !!!
can you break parts of the earth and throw it at mars if you want it then?
It's too late to regret
But that's a desolate wasteland now? What did you do before? Or more specifically, fail to do?! :-O
Sure. With a chocolate bar. Old fatso!

Why not? I could have been an super awesome alien by now @TheTweetOfGod
It doesn’t matter ...you don’t exist.
Niggas go to Mars because they're behind bars
Ugh, now you tell us!

Hey, YOU made it too damn small to hold a decent atmosphere.
And here I thought you would stay with your son Bieber! 
Yes, that way you would have avoided the Western warmonger neocons on Earth. Your earthly creations have killed upwards of 500K and uprooted half #Syria’s population (12M) from their livelihoods. Start condemning them.
Too true mate.

Too late, sucker!

It was such a pretty planet until humans evolved. Good luck next time. 
Who called you in the first place??
Hey man, that's all on you. It could've been a whole different story.
So, you too are fond of "DOOM"! 
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
