Sorry, my God-given right to own a firearm isn't up for debate. #MarchForOurLives

So funny
Hot damn
I love the part of Easter Sunday when God rises from the dead with 3 AK-47’s, and blows the shit out of people. “I have risen”!
God dammit God...That was a serious burn.  Keep up the holy divine work!

This is the most savage tweet in history

Idiots be shootin'!
I would never pretend to speak for God, but I can totally support God speaking for me!
@JoeWalsh have a Gun.  But you don’t NEED a Semi-Automatic.  Their only use is killing as many people as possible as quickly as possible.  #GunControlNow #VeteransForGunReform
Dayaaamn!!! Owned by god!!!!
Bless you father
Joe and others have every right to own a NORMAL GUN(S) but they  have no right to own military-grade weapons and you, God , have nuthin 'to do w it.
Time to whip this out again - God given right as portrayed by Jesus and Moses.
You’re killin’ it on Good Friday Big Guy!
If it were a God given right every country on the planet would recognize it. That is pure hillbilly thinking.
Divine burn.
God-given right to defend yourself from criminals and the possibility of an oppressive government.
@WalshFreedom
How do these moron validate their opinion that GOD wrote the Constitution?
Pointing out a typo? How clever of you. And so very passive aggressive.
They think they are clever.  This nut is a stalker...I had an interaction with him 8 days ago and he is STILL trying to engage me.  It's hilarious....creepy, but hilarious!
I've never been religious, but I just might look into it. You go, God!
God is good!
Ooo SNAP!

Oh snap.
It’s not a god given right, it’s given by something more powerful: the United States of America
I had this argument with some complete loon the other day and was told I was infringing on his god given rights. Got called things that even made me blush.
Ooooo @WalshFreedom! Girl that was a true read!!
I see that according to John 15:8 we have the god given right to bear fruit, but i dont think that includes grenades or guns.
Funny that the ones who scream the loudest about loving Jesus act more like modern day Pharisees.
Beginning to think better of you, God.
Cool! So you can get rights from God for shit not created during creation? Kick ass, it's my "god given right to own a hoverboard" (once created) and no one can take away that right no matter how many people I eventually run over or I beat to death with using god's board. 
I'm so glad that you're NOT talking about the 'Life's Been Good' dude.
Bazinga!
Hey ass! Mind your own business.
Lol

& YOU ARE NO MORE GOD THAN I AM...  YOU ARE JUST SOME PERSON SITTING BEHIND PHONE OR COMPUTER SCREEN TYPING STUPID STUFF & PROBABLY GOT THE IDEA FOR DOING SO BY WATCHING THE MOVIE BRUCE ALMIGHTY...  YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS TO PEOPLE WHO GO AROUND CLAIMING TO BE GOD??  PSYCH WARDS
God nope 2nd Amendment not unless you are part of a militia Heller/McDonald pretty much handguns in your house so where is this right coming from

Which God was it that gave you that Right?  There are a number of them to choose from, you know.
Were guns the fruit on the forbidden tree? Eve was tempted to grab a gun, and gave one to Adam too?
God can do everything 
God's account is unverified.
Call the Burns unit!!!
@JimmyHavoc

Funny how this lot bleats  about the #RightToLife of the  #unbornChild but when the child is living and breathing they think it's OK to use what child for #targetPractice ? #Shame
They care about birth.  Instead of adopting children (ie life) they ignore the need
Hahahahaha god you’re a savage
Arms include but are not limited to: tanks, bombs, rockets, grenades, cruise missiles...

Americans have a god-given right to own any and all arms. And don't even think of background checks or licenses.

You can screw your damn Geneva Convention - I want my cluster bombs too!
Oh, look.  God is siding with atheists.  God says there are no natural rights, just man-made rights.  Good to know.
Good one, God!
OMG, and I’ve never truly meant that before!

Where in the Bible does God give you the right to own a firearm?
No where that I know of. 
Atheists may not believe in God, but they sure do hate him
No, atheists don’t hate god. We just don’t believe in one. We sometimes hate the damage done by others beliefs.
Do you believe in anything above humankind?
Not sure about the way you’ve framed the question, so no.
One reason to consider the idea is that if your rights issue from men, men can take them away. The problem argues for some form of spirituality, whether or not we accept a “god” figure per se. That’s why I was curious whether you believe there exists anything above us.
Yes. Rights come from man and man can take them away. Or change them. Or update them to make it better. Religious laws are fixed and unchanging and DIFFERENT from religion to religion.
Definitely entitled to your beliefs but doesn’t it bother you to accept the idea that a man could take away your rights (e.g. via legislative success) and that there would be no moral ground on which to oppose the usurpation?
No moral ground? So if we go by the biblical morality, where do we draw the line? Stoning unruly children? And before you point it out I know it’s Old Testament and the new covenant etc...
I don’t even know what’s going on but I know a holy burn when I see one 

your a disgusting atheist mocking billions of people, yet you probably preach tolerance like you are a paragon of virtue
God- you are the most irresponsible person when it comes to numbers. Stop talking about exact figures lol... You make me fucking nervous.
I certainly would not agree that owning a fire-arm is a God-given right; but it is a constitutional right that needs to be a part of any gun debate.

Oh snap
If there was a law blocking anyone from buying a gun if you're behind on child support ,there would be a lot less guns in the hands of angry, white terrorists.

God with the savage take down!  Ouch!!!
Why do people think the Bill of Rights came down from Mt Sinai?
Because our need for affirmation is extreme and perverted
I am assuming you didn't give permission for the New Republican Translation of the bible?
It's hard to keep up with the changes they have made.
Yes, they make it up as they go along... it’s called the trumpbible
I don’t claim to know much, But God is usually right
And on the 8th day, @TheTweetOfGod created SHADE!
When God’s hand leaves a mark across your face!
When assholes like Joe equate being anti-violence as wanting to take his guns away it’s almost - ALMOST - like he’s figured out the guns might be directly linked to the violence. Just need to figure out how to get him across the finish line on that thought.
 my God is an awesome God... 
This is the Word of the LORD YOUR GOD

This Tweet make my day...thanks "god", i'll pray the real God for you! Stay blessed. 
Oh snap !

Here you go @lynnmercereau !
@WalshFreedom  God didn't give you the right to own a firearm, the Constitution did.
Now I’ve seen everything , wait I’m sure there’s more 
@TheTweetOfGod @WalshFreedom  See Scalia / Heller 2008  Joe, your moron is showing again.
Amen.
Why should he have to pay for children his ex-wife ran off with?
Also, the case was dismissed as no money was owed.
Lots of woman give up. Write it off to get their life straight. Doesn't mean he didn't have an moral obligation to support his children. Women (or men) should not be forced to stay in miserable marriages.
But when the dad tries again and expects child support from the mother he's called a deadbeat
Tried again what? If you mean physical custody, yes he should receive child support. They mostly do joint custody with primary physical placement with one parent in the past, it's becoming more common for split physical & no child support.

I don't even believe in you, but I like your style!
Joe Walsh's off-the-wall I used to admire him but what the f*** is wrong with that everything that's what's wrong with that tweet
Joe Walsh the guitarist is admirable. The other guy? Can’t imagine a sane person holding admiration for the likes of him
Well I actually thought it was Joe Walsh the guitarist thank goodness I was wrong I was like what the hell
Glad to be of service. Fooled me too the first time I saw a reference a year or so ago.
Wait, is that....is that...yeah, I think that's Jo Walsh's credibility disappearing into the distance.
#JesusAintSayThat
Bahaaaaaaa... boo to joe Walsh!

Touche God, touche!
Seriously though.... Why does this fool keep setting himself up like this?
@walshfreedom Sick burn, God.
God given?  Alongside the ten commandments?
I don't believe guns are mentioned even once in the bible.
GOD DIDN'T GIVE YOU ANY SUCH RIGHT.


Please explain to your flock... rights, as they know them, were determined by men, and therefore subject to regulation and even revocation by men, not by deities. Or show me the Biblical verses where God granted them. Amen.
God is lit today. 
The Lord is not fuckin around ! Lol
How is owning a firearm a god given right? 
You got that upside down and backwards pal.
Owning a firearm is a National given privilege.  To be used in defense of nation, property, self.  Also sometimes hunting,as long as it's not people.
@KristenRenton would have been 4 if u were “on duty” have some respect # classless

Joe Walsh, you just got trolled by God.
No, he got trolled by a Twitter bot.  He's smart enough to know the difference.  Apparently you are not.
Can you inarguably prove that this Twitter account is not in fact god?
#stupidshitthegodlikesay
O, dus zo ziet God er uit
@WalshFreedom
Smite!!!

Hey @WalshFreedom, you just got bitch slapped on a national level!

Snap!
God is Great!

@WalshFreedom joe, i think its time to delete your account.....


@WalshFreedom God is good many ways
All praise god, funny as 

@WalshFreedom Sick burn!
God given right to gun ownership. Hilarious! God has nothing to do with guns. It'd be nice if he'd weigh in, though, and stop the fighting
God, please tell Joe you didn't give him the right.
Interesting fact - @WalshFreedom pays his guns maintenance but not his kids.
Haaaa Dont take God on. Puhhhleze
@mrsbrintle 
Yo, you da God. You are savage AF.
@WalshFreedom just got Godsplained.

No more rights! No more rights!
You’re on fire today 

God gave no one a gun
Remover when joe Walsh was “cool”?

How are you standing on banning assault rifles?
Good one G.
God-given, @WalshFreedom??? Really? 
Oh you don’t remember that Bible verse? Old Testament for sure.

And truer words were never spoken.
You tell him God! 

@JoeWalsh Please tell me Old or New Testament in the Bible or was it the NRA special edition Bible that gave Ok to guns specifically assault rifles?
Own a gun, but not one made only for WAR.
GOD can you please beam me up earthling are FOS

Did he just say that people have an ordained right to own a gun more than they have a right to go to school without being shot?

The problem is the way people are raised. Much like how KKK clansmen raise their children to hate. Kind of like wife beating. It would take a strong mind to break the chain. But not in this case.




They just love this picture!
White Jesus with a firearm... I’m surprised this isn’t the NRA logo.
Shit it should be! Although chances are Jesus was a brown skin immigrant who didn’t speak English! You think they would let him in the country?
Not with his tan.
Touché, big man! 
Eat dicks Joe!
Yeah Weh! 
They all want the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch, but none ever really understood the full text in the Book of Armaments.
1, 2, ...5
Equals 11teen

I promise to go to church next Sunday. Promise.
Good luck
Where do these idiots get this "god-given right" shit? I've seen it all over social media this weekend. God-given? Really. Fucknuts.
"If only God had given me a semi-automatic, there's no way those Romans would have crucified me"
Jesus (Nazareth)
No one said it was up for debate @WalshFreedom_ . Pay attention to what they are saying. For once in your obscene life LISTEN.


Good ,God
Maybe he means American God?
...and thus did Jesus, Son of the Lord God speak; 

“Blessed is the man with an AK47, for it is his right to own such weaponry. Be he with serious mental problems, intent to kill children or just a common or garden wack-job.
None shall taketh away this right”
@WalshFreedom wow.  Just wow. See if you were smart you would just stop tweeting. I guess you aren’t very smart at all
God. Does. Not. Play. 
lol
Sweet burn God
I see he’s back to embarrassing the real Joe Walsh again.

With apologies to to Jimi Hendrix, Hey Joe! Where you goin’ with that gun in your hand?
There are sure a lot of songs about guns in beloved rock and roll. What's up with that?

Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
