Ouch, his last album wasn't that bad...well, not crucifixion bad anyway.
Please don’t crucify @justinbieber!!!
Great, looking forward to two easters.
HBD king joeffry of pop!
Lol you'll bring him back to life though
how do you know justin beiber in bieber in 9 years will be cucified are you illuminati too.,
What about me?
What about you?
And we are all anxiously waiting!
Oh, I can't wait
@baddestzain
mdrrfgkkggk'
Nailed it!  pun intended... :)
Can we do his crucifixion thing despacito?
Why Can't u do This Now With Gayber 

What about @rickygervais ?
Lmfao... Wtf
 thank you for making me laugh. Now a days is really appreciated.
   
now you come to mention justin bieber, could you please make murder a blameless crime just for one day, or even better legal for the day, im a good person but i have a list a mile long of people i want to send to you, but i promise youll send them to hell the moment you meet them
Your church in Pennsylvania is getting ready
Possibly my favourite tweet ever, you win @TheTweetOfGod !
He can't turn water into wine but he can turn music into shit
Is that when I get him???
I see he has slunk back into the fold— seeing he’s singing on the “Hill”
He must have traded up from AMWAY

Watch him for 3 days after, if he moves, kill him again.


@DinolfiJake
Bless me n wish me on 9th:)
Where were u for Celine
Claiming to be God? Nice try!
He's only just turned 24?!   Geesh.
I always thought Justin was Lucifer and thus the reason you followed him, as to keep an eye on him..
The one Justin Bieber performance that I actually want to go to
WHO IS THE GENIUS BEHIND THIS ACCOUNT!!! 
He is a genius called David Jeverbaum. Check out his book on "his plan" for Bieber:https://www.google.co.in/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20926350-the-book-of-bieb&ved=2ahUKEwit-_WigdDZAhUIKZQKHdhMBQQQFjANegQICRAB&usg=AOvVaw288acTaYX3_6vQZoLKOcTh …
Well they just grow up right in front of you!
666 retweets whaaa
Dear God, don't you mean purgatory
Can't come soon enough.
I will be the voice of the people...

CRUCIFY HIM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@mcoop
3 more until the 27 curse... sooner the better...
Take him now! Redemption is ours!
33?
Will he be raised from the dead too?
Asking for a friend
Oh god

 holy..
HAHAAAHAAAHAHAA

Take that lil bastard now and give us Dimebag Darrell back!!!

I can’t believe you are taking the blame for that one 
Can we nail up his music on the cross next to him?
Wakanda humor is this.....
I don’t know why this is the funniest thing to me
Should you really be warning him???? LOLs
By far the best tweet you have ever posted 
Amen!
Giving Ricky Gervais a run for his money
You could show your ultimate love and bring it forward???
Is he also going to then disappear for over 2000 years? You are a cruel dad.
Please no Resurrection!!
Can't you make an exception in this case? Put us all out of misery.
Is that a threat or a promise?
LOL!!!
Isn't he a 27 club'er?
Bieber is the son of God? Well, these days that is not the most unbelievable thing I’ve read today.

@peralesjulie
Do we really have to wait?  I got the nails, if you bring the boards we could get this done!
Does he follow you back though?
Make him listen to his own music endlessly on repeat mode.. that’s so much more painful than crucifixion

Happy 24th birthday to My beloved son @justinbieber. Hang in there, Justin! Only nine more years till crucifixion!
God's a Belieber
Going thru it once wasn’t enough? 
He's going to make a shitty kite...
"Just in" ! And U are talking about crucification. Is he your son or enemy ?
This is so funny haha

The life of a father! 
So wise. JB your Purpose changed Humanity. thank you @pattiemallette
but no resurrection
I hope dear God. Good day

Canadian Jesus 
Where's the cake?? 
In the jungle
I love justinbieber& he always protected by GOD From: SP sunil dutt ludhiana Punjab India
God, Unfollow him on his birthday.
Ouch God you are a repeat offender when it comes to cruelty to your family!
Its ten actually. We like 34
@fitetothefinish
He won’t make it, I’m putting together a suprise assasination party

omg HAHAHA

I was made to believe that hè would die at the age of 27 like all of the great ones??? 

Not that he's deserving but putting up with his shit for 4 more years sound better than 9 more years.
Well at least we know he died for no reason and you don’t exist!
Just crucify him now, take him out of his misery
Is there nothing we can do to bring that forward? Next week would be good.
Fast forward time plz . make it quick

Hahaha 
so you're saying its not to late to say sorry?
Please do it now, the excruciating pain on my ears is unbearable.
Funniest things I've ever seen on Twitter list somewhere contains the day when I saw the one person @TheTweetOfGod follows.

If you know anyone who says Twitter sucks just show them this


That's why I follow him!
#Resist #TheOrangeNightmare
Why do we have to wait so long?
Why wait?
Not too soon.
haha  "hang in there"... good one
Or by his real name LUCIFER 
Oh God where are you busy... I was looking for you today ... Hope evtis alright ... and Happy Holi to you and other God as well ... take care and be safe ... now a days no one is safe ... see you tomorrow... going to bed now ...
@God is tweeting Happy birthday to @justinbieber really #strange
 9 years?
The tears of blood will be real!

This is what we like to hear
Than God for crucifixión. Can we anyhow move that up a bit?

hahahahahahahahahahahaha
The 27th club  way more important .......
I've just pissed myself laughing!! 
Yes! Please make an exception & do it much earlier. Such as tomorrow.
Thanks for the spoiler! I had him pegged as a dead cert for the “27 club”.
The only person you follow...I'm so jealous of him 

Is Selena aware of this?

Haha nice one Big G
9 years to wait 
Hi @smile4medaddy and @brotherjesus33
Amarillo @beabadger @manifestpicture @Get_Shortened
Wow that was way short – at Account Recovery Services
That @ciachanet sure seems familiar and recent?
I am learning that I can't trust anyone and I won't bother you much longer @8otherreasons – at Dingo And The Baby And That Guy!
He's Canadian- 33 is 24 in metric.  Just strike him down.

Lmfao!!!!
 sees what you did there... thanks you
You've just upset #KanyeWest !
@justinbieber  9 years to say goodbye.. thats the price for selling your soul to the devil 
Ummm, excuse meh, @justinbieber's my son... awkward! Where's #maurypovich when you need 'em?!
Ill give you a 5 spot to take him back into your loving arms 
@biboobiesexual
I’m jus 
That’s funny
You make sure he goes thru with crucification process , is too late now to say sorry 
You spoilt the surprise!
JAJAJAJAJAJA 
no crucification pls bro. this time we want to kill it with fire so it doesnt lay eggs.
First born always get shit on the most.
Biebs was from your dads step mum ryt?
Still nine to go? Pfff…
He can't hear you... apparently the wine this week has been a real hit amongst the needy and the sing-a-long has totally got outta hand.
Hey wait a minute. That was a one time payment good forever.
Can you grant me 7 years of his life and crucify him in next two years, may be?
Wait, I thought that was Kanye?   I'm so confused.

baahahahahah

@BieberMyNigguh


jackass
Hahaha!
Indeed.
Thank you, God.
Do it early and make us all happy.
He’s the only beleiber
good god crucifixion is so yesterday
"Crucifixion? Right...down the hall, line on the left. One cross each."
where is Barabbas when you need him?
Which way to Caligula style fisting?
*daughter
God Was Not Talking About You

Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
