Let's make sure this echoes throughout theft twitter universe forever!
I came here to try to understand what tf "blastomy" is only to find "theft Twitter" 
Now, you're making fun of my typos! I see what you're doing. Shame on you!
Tee hee

Does that refer to the surgical removal of a blastoma? And does God know that a child's foreskin is not a blastoma?

It really sounds like some sort of religious massive blast of crap leaving the butthole quickly.
Or a tumor. But your colorful description was really good, too.
Tomato potato, or something like that.
Lol. Laughing, still. I’m thinking that woman must be from Oklahoma.
Duh, why I said it! Your state Prolife billboards are always a crowd pleaser.  It’s Texas evangelicals on steroids up there.
Kaboom!
Home schooling sure didn't do her ignorance any favors.
That reminds me of when our daughter was in her high school  Spring Recital which, according to the lovely programs provided for the audience, was presented by the English department and took place on April 22th.

Did I mention it was the high school English Dept?

Good Thymes.
My spelling sucks when I'm tired. So if I start spelling poorly, that's why. Never was good at it in school.  Sadly...
This is as BLASTOMY as it gets to new English learners.
I remember her. Dumber than abox of rocks. 
Of course, look at how she spelled her handleeeeeeeee.
She is so into you
So, dear Lord...Please SAVE OUR PUBLIC EDUCATION SYSTEM. Clearly we need it.
I didn't know you had a dog! Does it have asystematic yeastlike fungal infection caused by the organism AKA blastomycosis? You must have created a procedure to cure it and said, "it shall be called BLASTOMY."
this woman will forever use spellcheck from here on out
I love your misplaced optimism.
BLASTOFF-OMY!
It's blasgasmy
I think I got blastomy from eating Thai food once.
Laugh of the day~ 
WTH is Blastomy? A new plastic surgery technique I guess.
A comment out of the godless mouth of a heretic. Show thee thine great power and merciless vengeance that thou hast bestowed upon all who entered the realm of hericy In the yester years 
For the name of he who is smite this hericy from this earth

God bless and happy trails
Heresy...SMDH 
Thank you, my god thank you for that correction Linda, please correct morr
It’s blasphemy
Thanks. Everyone was scratching their heads over that one until you came along, Mr. Trebek.
That’s exactly what I was headed for
Really god following Justin Bieber, is this a joke , I think it’s JB account lol
Good news is you can have a blastomy removed!
That'd be a blastectomy, which young people and hipsters often shorten to 'that'd be a blast'

So, he can pitch on land and in the sea?
Yes!! Who knew?
Blastomy, I think that's a new technique to get rid of unwanted stomach fat my dermatologist is offering
What's Blastomy. It sounds kinky. Oh, you mean blasphemy:-)
LMAO! Too much. How do you deal with us, God?
Isn't "blastomy" a medical term?
I think it's the procedure for removing a Blastoma.
Or is that "Blastomectomy?"

I don't know, anymore. These people are nucking futs.
“Blastomy,” sounds painful.
I think there’s a cream for that.

A classic to be sure. 
She probably has no idea that’s the wrong way to pronounce it
Haaaa her account is suspended! 


Yes, so blastomous.
"BLASTOMY": Isn't that punishable by making @tracieeeeee spend 30 minutes handwriting the correct spelling and definition on the blackboard while being mocked mercilessly; or by four years of @realDonaldTrump? Either/or

My blastomy is killing me tonight.


The multiple E's are what gives her credibility.
Yep, that's a classic...
And I just spit iced tea all over my phone why can't Christians spell? I did 8 years with the penguins I have forgotten half of what I knew and I can still out spell these beggars



A blasting is a colostomy bag so full that it's about to pop. Duh!

If I'm going to Hell, then I'm going First Class Express, damn it!!
Nope, I can beat it whether it's Blastomy or Blasphemy.  And yes, I checked the spelling because I know how "forgiving" God is.  One only has to read the Old Testament to find that out.  Told you I could beat it.

Mother'sTokyodresses gifts ordered mother's day grandmother Fed judge Alice wright GMA CEO of government swedenborgjustices.gov@gmail.comshot in USA missing Trump's delayed his trip details Mackie ongoing FWB situation on YouTube.Comidsofiabulgariyromanianbucharesttst@youtube.com
Alec @BrookeBCNN – at Together We Can Holiday Food Drive site
Rose Hill @RebelDebutante
SE @buffalobills
SOUTH @Titans
SE @BillyIdol – at Office de Butler
I 
@foofighters
@baristabar
@ICBMBanks
@gettyuphorsey
@MistakesOW – at Woody Guthrie Memorial Highway
I warned you – at United Express Fuel
First
@word
@SOMEnameItried
@Useless_Comps
@CessnaStadium1
Too @Late
Oh my you! Love. That.

What you're committing is more like blasphunny.
Blasphemy is one of the most ridiculous charges that Christians came up with. Your god doesn't exist just as the gods of other times and peoples. The concept of god was a way of explaining things that people just couldn't understand until science explained them.

Blastomy: the surgical removal of blast?
I had a Blastomy once - nearly killed the proctologist....
And she’s trademarked  Watch out, Lord
Sounds a bit like blasfemi
Hmmm. It appears she trademarketed her Twitter handle.
At least she didn’t accuse you of committing blasphemy.  Although, blastomycosis is a nasty parasite. Not nearly as nasty as the “combustible mixture of ignorance and power” emanating from the Whitehouse infecting minds along the way (to quote the late and great Carl Sagan).
Lol
Just thinketh how many thou shall offend when you speaketh of RHINOPLASTOMY
I imagine she was trying to say such good and true things about You.

If I could be bothered I'd spell out for her what I think she was trying to say, dig into the 13th c origin of "blasphemy", offer other words, check if Your particulars fit the definition...

meh- not now...
this god is too petty.Enaging in Tweet wars...hehe save your save...
Ohhhhhhh Tracie... 
Somebody needs a DYSENTERY.

My question will “Blastomy” be chosen as one of the words of the year? Plutoed was when Pluto got Plutoed and was no longer a planet.
Have you figured out what that word means yet?
Back in the late seventies, “BLASTOMY” labeled Peruvian cocaine was absolutely top shelf. Bar none!
Her account has been suspended 
Blastomy: n. Men speaking words or engaging in activities that go against the tenants of Judeo-Christian-Muslim  religious tradition resulting in God punishing them by cutting their vas deferens with his mind scalpel. For female equivalent see: Blasterectomy.
Sounds like a medical procedure
Scientists call this stage of embryogenesis the 'blastomy'.
You know God, You are right. I'm not even gonna try. 
That should be Blastomy-TM.
i am pretty baked ,,,so I just keep shaking my head
She typed that in a sweaty rage 
 @ BLASTOMY
Blastomy? No, Blastoyou

Perfect!
Thou shall not take The Lord thy Gods name in vain.
Tracie has since moved on to a successful career within the White House.
I think my mum had a blastomy operation. Or was that colostomy?
We have Blast off
Finger Blastomy?
As my mom always said, please be considerate of others and wear a blastomy bag if you commit blastomy.

That original Tweet is by someone devoid a sense of humor.
According to my Possum Dictionary, "blastomy" is an exceptionally festive fart.   #TheResistance #Resistance #resist #IAmTheResistance #altGov #AltFam #WeAreAltGov #FBR #FollowBackResistance

I hope you won’t mind my asking, but do you have to wear a blastomy bag?
Wait. This isn’t actually God?
Blastomy?
Did you have your blastomy with or without anesthesia?
Blastomy! That is a very seriously ridiculous charge, God. How you holding up?
she got you on blast wanna be_ god
I like commiting Blastoise and sometimes Charizard to spice it up.
Ah Bless, she even spelt her own name wrong.
Another example that education is the enemy of religion.
This just made my day .



I know they meant "blasphemy," but I'm surprised to find that "Blastomy" is not a real word. It sounds like a surgical procedure.
#blastology
Huked on Fonix shure werked fer Tracieeeeeeeeeeeeee.
...you're having your blasts surgically removed?
I can't verify if this claim is true not knowing what blastomy is.
I want to commit blastomy 24-7...
I know surgeons think they are God, but does God think he's a surgeon? Blastomy, indeed.
Trademark Tracie knows a good BLASTOMY when she sees one!   
You'd think if she respected God she wouldn't be so harsh to him. 
That's so strange.  Usually when someone claims to speak for God, these folks believe it.  Maybe You need to ask for a lot of money for a Lear jet???
Shame on you. Running around committing cancer. Stop it.
I think I need a Blastomy.
What? Blastomy was my Major in college.
Word. You've been told!

I had a level 23 blastomy in Pokémon gold
Almighty Allah feel that his followers are the true Masters of Blastomy.
Her name is trademarked?
BaHAHA. BLASTOMY. EPIC. Maybe she works with explosives
Hello God - as I dont believe in you I thought I would let this psychosis entertain me - thank you
How the hell is her name trademarked
According to Wedster’s Pictionary ... Blastomy - definition is: to pleasure god in the bum and then there is like a whole description on how one does that. Suffice to say god is into it
Explosive colectomy?
Blastomy? Is that something DJT did with Stormy D?
What's "blastomy"? The science of blasts perhaps?
Blastomy?  That sounds like an incredibly invasive, painful medical procedure in the anus.
Aww, bless Tracie’s heart.
Blast, o my!

Blastomous!!
Jesus Christ, her account has been suspended (@Tracieeeeee ) It was you? You are really that almighty? Should I start believing in you? To convince me, can you suspend this too: RealDonaldTrump? You can't, can you?
@TheTweetOfGod the true blasphemous act was her disbelief
The thing I dig about God is the he/she/it has a real thick sick... But that's to be expected in a Supreme Being.
"The only thing that can stop a bad guy with a 'blastomy' is a good guy with a colostomy."
Sheer brilliance.
Blastomy..is what we called full colostomy bags n the the nursing homes.
Tracie is confused.
"BLASTOMY." I think that's a blaspheme with a colostomy.
As a habitual misspeller and frequent victim of autocorrect admittedly not in all caps I can sympathize find the content ludicrous but with sympathy btw she has trademarked Tracie so there is  that to think about
And good eyes on that, the trademark on the name caught my eye first off and I thought what type of Narcissist is she? 
I wonder if she sues all otherTracies 
Well this is ‘Murika as I cannot imagine anyone else spelling her name like a twat waffle and Trade Marking it. So thinking she will be during a few hundred thousand Tracies for infringing on her TM...I’d pay money to watch that trial(s)
Blast away Big Guy!
I had to have my BLASTOMY surgically removed, it was putting people off during Black Mass
Oh boy, I hope her husband got a vastectomy, that one doesn’t need more breading.
She should not pass go, nor should she collect $200. She needs to go directly to a 4th grade spelling/grammar textbook. If you're going to snark, at least make the slight bit of sense.
I think they have surgery that will fix that now.
Blastomy: A real wild, fun party that mocks God and religion? Or, a really strong  intestinal bypass balloon for truly biblical flatulence?
She put you on blasph!
I may need to get a blastomy after my next checkup. Don't knock em
Ahh, a misspelled insult is but a sad joke
This is the same reason I stopped eating pizza after 9pm
I think that like #CadetBoneSpurs  her grasp of the English language needs some work
Fire away.
It was a sign of the coming covfefe
Sounds like a medical procedure.
Blastomy
How dare she blaspheme the Holy Dictionary! OH WEBSTER! She knows not what she does!
Love the capital “Me”
Hahahaha! 

You don't exist you know that right?
Blastemous
Ha ha. The idiocy

I think I had a blastomy removed a few years ago. LOL
Maybe that rabidly religious evangelical was also a veterinarian?

"Blastomycosis is a systematic yeastlike fungal infection caused by the organism Blastomyces dermatitidis, which is commonly found in decaying wood and soil. Blastomycosis occurs most frequently in male dogs
I'm starting a committee for "Comitting Blastomy will Doing Scientisty Stuff Using Test Tubes and Safety Goggles" otherwise known as CBDSSUTTSG
Is that a neural blastomy?
Blastomy... is that getting blasted in the face?
They try.
I love @TheTweetOfGod so I say KEEP TWEETING!!
Laugh all you want, but blastomy is one of the nine deadleeeeee sins
Blastomy. Isn't that when they attach a bag to you to poop and pee in?
Is that blasphemy with a colostomy?
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but mis-spelling really sleighs me ...
Serious question. In that bridal photo did Tracie suffer a stroke?

I believe both women are from the same GOD WARRIOR! battalion.
“Thatsh for BLASTOMY”
 “Blastomy”.......
BLASTOMY, I tell you!
Blastomy is similar to a colonoscopy but at a much higher pressure.  The whole procedure is finished in about 20 seconds.
BLASTOMY

Is that a surgical procedure for removing loud farts? Asking for a wife....
God loves a typo 
Well, your tweets ARE pretty cutting. #FromTheGreek #tomia #ToCut #LanguageNerd
 Christan are pathetic. All they can do it threaten you with imaginary god magic!
She’s right you know. Gleeful blastomy!  Shame!  Tsk tsk. (please NEVER stop. Please).
Humans in darkness of  kalyug  so kalyug Age in darkness How humans express
Tbh it probably is but it's all in good fun so long as no one takes this seriously
LMFAO !!!!!!!!  O!M!G!  This has MADE my day.

Tell me God, what is BLASTOMY?
It’s a hole that a blastocyst can go through.
Her account is gone. I hope you didn’t take vengeance out on her.
Lol BLASTOMY!! You blastomyer!! You should be CRUCIFRIED!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
