Easter is not about Easter eggs and bunny rabbits. It’s about Almighty God, the Creator of the universe, loving the world so much that He sent His one and only Son to come to earth on a rescue mission to die for our sins.
#Reality_Of_Vedas 
Real god #kabir

Yes
LOL
Debating the nature of a fictional entity with internet memes. 
The irony is off the scale!


I laughed harder at that than I should have. Bravo!
And it is dead-on truth. Christ was not born in December, either
Calm yourself and have a jelly bean
hhh~ rabbit: where my jelly bean at?
Me:...
lol  He's cute!!!
Ikr 
He be like... been fooled once! Not anymore! Found my jelly beans mfs lol
Wtf did i just read. U 2 should go on a date
Any recommendations for our first date? Italian, Chinese or Thai...

Should I have to bring flowers too? Perhaps a fine bottle of wine?

Yes! Yes! Yeeeeees
Also, like, everybody dies? And he got to come back after 3 days, so he sacrificed a weekend, basically.
And a long weekend at that.
Well, giving up a long weekend is kind of a big ask.
Best say an extra big thank you to overworked doctors and nurses in the NHS then. 
Actually, it’s ONLY about Cadbury cream eggs.
How dare you!!! It's all about the PEEPS!!!!


Mostly about the chocolate.
Please tell me your middle initial is H.
He forgot the part where a stone rolled away, someone saw their shadow and we get two more weeks of winter
6 more weeks of Lent
virtually everything in that image macro is wrong
The people who really need to see this message will not understand 50% of the words in that sentence.
Are you implying that atheist are generally more literate than christians? I’m an atheist and don’t understand many of the words in the tweet.
I'm implying that christians, who don't bother to educate themselves enough to know about their own religion, will likely not be smart enough to understand what God here has spoken.
Sometimes I thank God that I am an atheist.
wait a minute..

Passover didn't happen either. No deathfog killed Egyptian first born and spared houses with sheep blood smeared on doorway. Just saying...
Fables and mythology otherwise known as stories and tales IMHO.



Forget Easter Sunday. It’s all about the half priced candy on Monday !!

happy Easter



Impressive picture, but Jesus should be skinnier.
Yes.
Think ‘heroin chic’.
Stop body shaming ASCII Jesus!
Shaming? That was THE look for 10+ years. Look how well it worked out for Kate Moss! lol
Blows my mind that people still believe that some magical guy in the sky created the universe.
Shut up you! I just want an excuse for chocolate eggs!!
"Happy Easter! Gimme the candy!"
The Lord has Risen! Here’s some fake plastic grass and a chocolate rabbit.
And don't forget about the hidden eggs in the backyard!
To symbolize the way Mary Magdalene hid her eggs from Jesus. 

I think? I don’t own a Bible but I think that’s in there somewhere.
And lo the angel of the lord came down and sayeth unto the masses that they should giveth the eggs of chocolate like unto the pagans and then complaineth that Cadburys wasn't being 100% Christian enougheth.
I love this twitter account so much
Ditto! I was bereft when he abandoned us for a while. Now, life makes sense again ;)

A little kid in my neighborhood is really excited about #EasterSunday He gets to go to church for the first time, for what he calls, "The Big Commotion".  Not too far from the truth! I didn't correct him with the word communion, I just laughed.
Based on ancient fertility rites, modern version uses the phrase "he is risen". How do people miss the double entrende?
Don't forget Ishtar, the ancient Sumerian holiday God.

God, you're very brave and, TBH, loco. You killed yourself and then raised yourself up from the undead. And what was the Holy Ghost doing all this time? Getting high with Kiefer Sutherland?
Not Kiefer. Hunter Thompson. He was with Hunter.   Smoking & drinking.
Come on! Poor Kiefer is always high.
ICYMI: 

Wayyyyyyy ahead of any curve.
Hey @TheTweetOfGod , was it April Fools Day when your boy pulled that fast one on everyone? Sure would explain a lot if true. #AprilFools
Since I'm not a believer in this particular book of fairy tales, I didn't realize God sent his son specifically to die. I thought maybe it was just an unfortunate circumstance that Jesus made the most of by calling it a "sacrifice."

God is a dick.
I remember a lot from Hebrew school, but when you're a kid they always frame it as "God punished the wicked." 

It's almost as if men were trying to create a narrative to explain random acts...
Ostara is PISSED. @AmericanGodsSTZ
Actually Jesus just gave up a weekend for our sins. Died on Friday, rose on Sunday.
Needed the sleep. They put him through hell

I've never read The Bible, so I'm positive that Peeps are mentioned in there.

Eddie is THE BEST! As far as I'm concerned this was his best special. It's timeless.
CAKE OR DEATH!
DO YOU HAVE A FLAG?
Zinke has his own flag.
Probably already stated, but is he confusing Good Friday with Easter?
Franklin is probably more than just a little bit confused
Very true
Why would an almighty god have to send someone to die for the sins of a man who he created in his own image.

It makes no sense
Or, why didn't he just NOT curse us to an eternity of pain and suffering knowing full well that Adam and Eve were going to sin before he ever created them?
It's weird how with just a tiny bit of rational thought the whole thing falls apart
Yup! For people with an open mind and the ability to use critical thinking. But of course, God works in mysterious ways.
Gave his one and only son a one-way ticket.
And a pair of Birkenstocks.
Dear God, I wish to have one of them chocolate egg laying bunny rabbits. Precambrian chocolate egg laying bunny rabbit, if I dare to be bold.. Only then would I accept the teachings of the Great Book
They also took many Pagon gods/goddesses and poof they were saints.
Dear God, I thought you had given your only bunny. Thank you for clarifying.
A good job that Christmas was not about culturally appropriating (is the the right twee phrase?) the northern hemisphere’s winter solstice and a return to longer days of sunlight...
Boom...and that’s why they call you almighty. Amen ;)
The Easter Bunny took a picture with me at the mall. Jesus didn’t.
And @PEEPSBrand!

Don’t forget the Peeps!
Only if they're stale.
Finally! Someone else gets it.
Peeps were actually selling stale versions for a while a few years ago.
Somehow I missed that. My favorite is the bags of giant marshmallows in the freezer.
Hmmmm, never thought of that. You just put them into the freezer until frozen then eat?
Yep. Magic.
You are such an enabler by the way. I am so going to buy some today and freeze them.
As an atheist I’m very fond of the chocolate
Well said. May as well throw Eostre in, too.
I thought Elon Musk was your Son incarnate, disappointed again...
It really is about bunnies & eggs if you celebrate the Goddess Eostre
Eggs from bunnies though? You have to admit that it's a bit confusing.
Easter is a holiday that celebrates sex and procreation. Who has lots of sex and procreates s lit? Rabbits. What’s the result of sex? An egg.
Zombie Jesus approves of the message.

New proposition.  Do invisible, supernatural, spirits have DNA?
WHY? I don't comprehend insemination by spirit. That's spooky! O yes, Holy Ghost! Whoooooo!
Well said @God even if I dinnae believe in you as a pagan.
@Franklin_Graham Actual historical information sure gets in the way of your revisionary bullshit. More bunnies and eggs!

No, Easter is about Reese's peanut butter eggs, and OMIGOD, THEY'RE ALL GONE!
Thanks for clarifying that, God!
OMG! The truth is out and we can't handle the truth!
Thank You God, for telling Franklin about Easter. He didn't seem to know the history of his own faith or religion. Do You make stupid people to test others? Cause he's a doozy. 
I got it, that's why you created Playboy so we can celebrate Easter with bunnies  .
Pagans are the original cool kids. How do I know? Ya'll swiped our holidays and that's gotta mean something... LOL

Well spoken.  Anyone with a modicum of intelligence knows this.
Are you married God? I think I love you......
What are you fling tweeting right now, you’re  supposed to be dead .... see ya tomorrow.
IT’S ABOUT THE EGGS, ALL ABOUT RABBITS GIVING BIRTH TO EGGS MADE OF CHOCOLATE
Well to be fair, chocolate beats matzoh every day of the week and twice on Sunday so yeah Team Easter.  (Plus with the extra sweet grape flavored wine? What am I, meshuggah?)
EASTER EGGS ARE BUNNY POOP! That's the connection, folks.

He said he will come back
Lol hard pass
@lemon_lymann Thanks for coming down!
 We had a great time! Safe travels tomorrow 


Hoppy Easter.

Thank you for sharing the TRUTH about yet another stolen Pagan Celebration by the Christians to try and turn us to their ways!

Last time I checked.. anything rising from the dead was considered a zombie or a lich.

People.. we have found PATIENT 0!!
I love that easter is on April fools day. "SURPRISE! There was no immaculate conception & he's the son of Rob not god! I just slept around!"

Jesus loves bunnyies. Franklin needs to read @TheAuthorGuy ‘s Lamb, big truths in there, would help him get his head right.
I sort of thought it was about those Cadbury Eggs.
Didn't Oolon Caluphid get rid of you?
Like a bad smell but with added Ecclesiastes!

@peralesjulie @qbrickampersand
Why should he have a son while he is the Creator of everything . Doesn't fit . Do you create your son or someone else created him . Why does he Love the world so much ? Do you expect him to hate his own doing . Doesn't match . A God doesn't need any partner if he does , he isn't
None of it ever fit to me.
@FaelaElana
Courtney you retweeted the wrong one
Ayy whatever
#HowToEvangelical Make everything about Jesus so you appear holier than everything else, even things that aren't about Jesus.  And say "Jesus" a lot.  But do not actually follow Jesus...that'd be crazy.
And Peeps. Don’t forget the Peeps, Dad.
The early christians were the absolute best at co-opting holidays and festivals from existing religions & cultures and making them their own. The original spin doctors.
God's a really bad parent then, do you know any parent that would knowingly send their only son somewhere to be killed for someone else's sins....hmmm bad parent....
I love you God cuz you tell it like it is
 I f they only knew 
My 6 year old son wants to know if Jesus being dead for 3 days then coming back to life makes him a zombie. #ZombieJesus
Christianity is the Ready Player One of religions.
This thread is #awesome. Happy Zombie Jesus Day everyone. #walkingdead #stolenpaganfestival
God, I would follow you if I didn't already. Not the sky daddy one, though.
Come for the vernal equinox. Stay for the chocolate.
Yay! Chocolate eggs! Oh wait. Those are like diabetes magnets.
Happy Easter from all of us at Atheist Republic you mythical creature you!
http://www.AtheistRepublic.org 
I love God.
Dear God, you’re the best.
I’ve always been confused on the “he died for our sins”.  What sins? If he did this, was it affective? If so, why does he have to come back again?
God. Thanks for the lesson in blasphemy and heresy. Of course it’s not blasphemy if You say so. Still heresy though regardless of Your stance. Weird isn’t it. You bless you. Happy Spring.
Hear the one about the insomniac agnostic dyslexic? He used to lie awake all night wondering if there really was a Dog.
We must grow beyond religion, God wants us to.
Happy Everything, God 
And thank you, Chip


Let's break with the routine and give you a special, Easter Sunday, chocolatey delicious Coffee with Jesus. Tomorrow's is called "Resurrection Day." 
Chocolate
Sadly, God, u r talking #pish https://historyforatheists.com/2017/04/easter-ishtar-eostre-and-eggs/ … but hey 
That's why you are the Lord, Lord.
John Kasich explains the Jesus part of Passover
Alternate Theory:

Easter is about a sadistic All Mighty God who allowed his only Son to be cruelly tortured and painfully killed on a cross because it amused Him.
I just checked, God follows only one person, and its Justin Bieber. It seems the pope was wrong there is a hell after all.
Fk yeah you tell'm God

Happy Estra, everyone!
@Franklin_Graham you're both wrong. Easter is about going to the zoo while all the families with kids are at church.
Bunnies and eggs were fertility symbols associated with the vernal equinox as the reawakening of life in the coming spread.
@Franklin_Graham is the hollow, imitation chocolate bunny of preachers. If I ever start looking to him for my morality, someone please check me into an appropriate facility.

Don't forget peeps and Cadbury eggs

thanks god, you know-it-all, 
sorry, omniscient creator of ...
anyway this no hell thing is good news #gospel
GoodFriday yini uthi ugood ngobabayamlimaza
Best twitter Easter put down ever.
God is great.
Finally God explains Himself
God sent his son to die for our sins. I hope Jesus has brothers because obviously, it hasn't worked. All of His family must die, I guess. Also, dying on a suicide mission isn't a bit a terrorism-like action? Just sayin'

Next Franklin Graham will be claiming Christmas is not about Santa, reindeer, trees, and presents, but is really about the birth of Jesus. @Franklin_Graham #Easter
It's about double bank holiday (four days off - yippee!!)
IU
Easter isn't about Easter eggs and bunny rabbits? say it ain't so.
Now I get it, the talking snake in the bible was actually Donnie TwoScoops. After all this time, the penny has only just dropped 
Hey God, what does "die for our sins" even mean? How is my bad behaviour influenced, changed, or mitigated by Jesus dying 2000 years ago? Shouldn't I be the one to attone or apologize for my own sins?
What it is ACTUALLY about is...

.
What does BS mean, Mr Easily Offended?
It's a euphemism.

Anyway I wasn't offended. I just said using that language was inappropriate.

But you didn't, and so I apologised.

Don't  f#%k with my chocolate egg laying rabbits.
Even you are wrong sometimes, God. Easter is derived from the celebration of Ishtar, goddess of fertility. It's a holiday about sex. Hence - eggs and bunnies.
And Jewish ZOMBIES!
@Blidiefangz
Slammed wow
If you have explain it to him he’ll never understand
Don't forget CHOCOLATE !
Eggs make the world go oval.
Hey... Nice one God !
:::: Slaps your back ::::
Franklin Graham is just like late father Billy! A couple of money grubbing #conartists! 
God can you bring back orgies. Tired of eating stale matzah crackers.
Honestly, it's not that deep. Christ died right before Passover started.... So .... We celebrate Good Friday and Easter right next to Passover. Wow. How difficult of a concept is that.


Easter eggs and bunny rabbits are more real though...
God RT this


Nope sorry but you’re incorrect, this is about god loving us so much that Jesus died for our sins.


@Franklin_Graham So Jesus is dead?  Jesus Christ when did that happen.
I always thought if you were Christian you were to use Jesus's life as an example of how you were to live your life can you please tell me where I was wrong

if he doesn’t get this forward, would ya...
"Herp derp, my only understanding of Easter comes from edgy, psudo-intellectual memes on Facebook".
Don't get me started on Franky. I'm in no mood.
No one would believe in the truth.  Good old placebo.

Lies to oppress and control till the coming of judgement day, which is also a lie!
Yep.
Easter: that time of the year christians will fight others for celebrating eggs and chocolate instead of death and bloody sacrifice.

Bunny sees all. Bunny gives no sh*t.
It’s about fertility rights of spring hence the chickies, eggs and bunnies
Plus jelly beans.
I've got a bone to pick with you Mr fuckin almighty
I believe it's a ritual from Anglo Saxons for a goddess of theirs.
Old trick. Dont change everything a out a country or theology youve conquered and there will be less resistance. I dont mind somewhat, but just means everything is a myth anyway, and not worth killing or dying for.
prove it.
God is indeed infallible !
Eggs Maketh the money 
God doesn't exist. 

Religion is the heroin required by the weak of mind
He's honored to be schooled on Twitter by the Lord.
Hey God tell Jesus Happy Coming Out Day! Btw, is it Easter or Eostre?
I cannot believe I'm saying this God your right
Never been able to work out the link between Eggs and Rabbits your Almightiness.
have a nice day god!
Maybe you should read this oh twitterer of little knowledge
“Who even of slight intelligence does not understand that God is accustomed to prattle, as it were, with us, like nurses with babies?” - John Calvin
All those legends are so crappy that even myself wouldn’t dare to create them (see link) Dear All Mighty, don’t deflect,the only relevant question is: is the bunny male or female? If female, I could grab them by the pussy (like some Playboy bunnies I knew)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Easter_Bunny …
I have rarely read such historical illiteracy.
you left out jelly beans...get with here, okay?
And peeps!
It's about an extra day off so I can complete decorating the dining room. Painting the ceiling today. Happy Easter all and enjoy your diy
#facts
April Fools Day hasn’t arrived quite yet. Could you wait to post this, please?
Thank goodness for Easter!! The chocolate is divine!!
HARIॐOM,Aristotle was there for condemned by both the Catholic Church and the Moslem orthodox theologians,who believe in the dogma of creation by GOD as taught in the Bible and the Koran.Scientific studies also lead to disbelief in the miracles,(1)


HARIॐhttp://OM.In  this endeavor there is no loss or diminution,and a little advancement on this path can protect one from most dangerous type of fear.HARIॐOM.
Wow

Franklin, there’s some graham crackers with your name on them. Go find them. And eat them.
lol he's cute!!!!
Thank you God!

Remember peeps! Jesus dyed for your sins!

That's how it went, right?
That is what I self learned!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
