I hope Stephen Hawking did not miss the simple truth that God is the Creator of the universe he loved to study and everything in it. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/acts-of-faith/wp/2018/03/14/im-not-afraid-what-stephen-hawking-said-about-god-his-atheism-and-his-own-death/?utm_term=.6dd466b665b4 …
Also, your father is burning in hell.

https://www.facebook.com/groups/1837444373222186/ …
@sheikabulhassan  idha paaru
Rofl 
Fake God aka Father of Lies/Fake News:
Reported by reliable source,none of your tweets are true. News bulletin:
Check out Franklin Graham's tweets for accurate news and tweets
He knows he ain't going there so he's gotta stay here as long as he can.
I love GOD.
You may be a lot of things, but your not God. Hypocrite, lier, Satanic Bot, etc.
Franklin Graham's idea of "Creation Care" is toppling a tree by repeatedly blasting it with bullets from an automatic weapon.
Obviously, you know him.
That's Funny, @Franklin_Graham is a CHRISTIAN, Ya think he would say your SON did it! So was Stephen "SURPRISED!" Vote WHEELOCK 2020 Join: @TIPUSAINC
Yay God! 
I'm surprised he had time between running wind sprints, break dancing, and finally learning the answer to life, the universe, and everything.
#stevenhawking right now.
Wait, I'm pretty sure that Spiner is still alive.
You mean Data is not real 
Not yet. He won't be built for centuries.
Is time linear?
It's a little morbid to consider, but it is actual Star Trek canon that Data's time-displaced severed head exists on Earth in the year 2018.

So from that perspective, he exists, and is currently dead.
Wasn't it found by Mark Twain in a cave in San Francisco? Or something like that. I smoked a lot of weed back then, my #StarTrekTNG memories are a little fuzzy.
There are more Christians in #Hell then in heaven
I suppose I'll find out for my self soon enough. Hopefully AFTER I play the Rhythm Room in Phoenix...
If heaven is so great then what is @Franklin_Graham waiting for?
He needs to amass a suitable store of marshmallows & long-handled toasting forks, bc heaven is sure AF not where Franklin is headed.
.... Considering changing my twitter name from Marsh Mallow to something else now.... 

1: God tweets Franklin Graham about Stephen Hawking & Franklin’s dad.
2: Satan shows up, confirms God.
3: Lucifer shows up, confirms Satan.
4: Political Cat shows up, confirms Franklin gathering marshmallows.
5: Marsh Mallow shows up, confirms name change.

I’m good at summarizing
Clearly. I tried to find Lucifer’s and Satan’s tweets but I couldn’t muster up the time it would of taken 
I concur with Stephen
There is only one God. His name is Morgan Freeman.
I vote Marianne Faithfull in Vintage  Ab Fab, with Anita Pallenberg as Satan.
Why u rt this 
Why haven’t we heard anything from Billy?
Can Stephen confirm the conversation with demigod with a tweet? 

@Stijnev
Surely Stephen also said that was about time scum sucking POS sleaze Billy of his needs to have croaked since he'd defiled Earth way too long propagating his vile scamming contemptible lies that there's any benevolent gawd worthy of worship even by the lowest of the low.
R'Amen!
Also can someone get Pat Robertson? He’s nothing but a sack of saggy skin stuffed with hatred, fear, bullshit and rancid racism. I’m afraid he’s going to explode on the side and they’ll have to turn it into a sewage dump because it will not be fit for anything else
No problem. Standing by.
Would love to find Stephens drawer of fucks, can you ask him if he had any left

Greatest tweet ever. Cheers, God.
#哈哈哈哈哈哈哈

That’s bloody hilarious!
Ur disgusting
Art.
Like ALL gods... this god is created by men. Stephen just entered another universum through a black hole.... 
@Is_Nicky_  @vin_nduati @muriu_caroline yoh
 #toomuchinternettoday
You're done for the day??
 saa huyo msee alifungua hio account ataenda heaven
Tutajua tu

Oh, fiddlesticks ... #GrahamCrackers

Time for #EvangelicalExtremists like  @Franklin_Graham who put #DogmaOverReligion & #GreedOverJesus to go meet their maker and stop ruining God’s creation! #HypocrisyIsKingInTrumpland

again
I know you know-is Franklin the biggest hypocrite in the universe right now? He's at least top three, right?
@TweetOfGodd @s8n @thebaddudebelow walk into a bar and body slam @Franklin_Graham, and the world was whole.
I love you, so much. Suck it Frankie.
Amen, God!  Times 2!!
I hope you are not treating little Billy's father too harshly for being an asshole that he was. I hear it gets quite hot where he is. @Franklin_Graham
@SaldanaVidala @SleepyMe18 @SykoLady @LaptopShopWH @stripedbass1973 @Miss_1999
Stephen is laughing at you, @Franklin_Graham!
I don’t understand how one can use Christian and Trump in the same sentence 
I love you, God.

You almost make me believe.  Nah. 
Spending eternity with Franklin Graham et al would not be heaven; it would be hell.
@PeterSherry9 read the thread 
@Franklin_Graham did you know a 10 year old created the $500 loafers you wear on all you money raising ventures in Christian World? You stand for decadence and privilege and are another Fake Christian, who has nothing worthwhile to say.
Priceless  

@Franklin_Graham @JerryFalwellJr @robertjeffress justifies adultery and fornication in the White House, how the times have changed.A man who tells 12-year-old boys it is OK to grab 12-year-old girls by the P****!!! I wouldn't want to be you Franklin when you are called to account
Dccvu59
Such a rude god you R .
He also said to let you know that Jesus, his mum and dad and the whole gang are black. How 'y'all' feeling about that, folks?
"Simple truth" lol

Thank you, God.
Apparently Mr Graham has never read a single statement the late Dr Hawking made regarding God. Why do people waste ATP this way? Why?
Thanks Mr God 
Actually, Hawking was a charter member of the Get Out of Hell Club. So was Einstein, and most scientists, once they stopped burning nonbelievers 500 years ago. Science didn't set out to debunk gods, it just found better, more accurate explanations for life. I signed on to it too.
Thank you.
This is just so good in so many ways 
That was a shooting coffee through your nose moment.
I know...
ROFL! Thank you. hahaha
 My pleasure.
No

"Most Zionists don't believe in God but they do believe He promised them Palestine." @pappe54
@garyjford1981
Hahahahahaha. How glorious this tweet is!
I am guessing Mr. Hawking had plenty of time to reflect, more so than most of us.  That includes you @Franklin_Graham
Love it!!

I chose to try and do the things Christians are told to do by jesus christ but never do. I try and love my fellow human and help them when I can. I don't care if they are gay or trans or straight, jesus never specified. I'm not perfect, far from it, but I do try my best
http://amp.timeinc.net/time/5199149/stephen-hawking-death-god-atheist … hate to spoil the fun but let’s get real.
How can people deny the existence of a supreme being when the most published book in the world tells the whole thing.
Cristians sure have a sick and twisted way of showing "love".
Let’s not ignore the elephant in the room.
Easter is on April Fools Day 
Chill, dude. God simply refers to All That Is. You should know better.
One & only true saint on Earth is #SantRampalJi he is giving us all the true knowledge of #supremegod plz download for free  read his literature or listen to his satsang frm the website 
With proof of GOD & his existance among us 
http://www.jagatgururampalji.org 
#सतभक्ति_से_आईं_खुशियाँ
@tobytyke69
well said God........
What if....
Well he was wrong about black ho’s so there....
To Franklin: God does not take kindly to those who make money and profit  on his name.
We are enlightened Sir...
I think this may be the best tweet ever. Nice one, god.
Disgusting tweet and you and God have absolutely nothing in common.
Well said, God.
I hope you see the light and stop acting like a damned fool.
Whoops, I meant that for Frankie, not that bearded chimera.
God told me He didn't take offense.
He was kidding.
“simple” is the operative word . . .
Good old Christian love. Makes me want to vomit
Never have I seen so many religious people relish in the death of a man so completely as Stephen Hawking. He never did anything to them other than say he didn't believe them. Look how dangerous that simple thing makes them become.
@darticon 
FRANKLIN GRAHAM IS A “CLOSET RACIST” !  HIDING BEHIND THE CLOTH !!
Jeez...
Coming from a man with know credibility about god, science, or morals/Franklin ho sell hamburgers and get out of the god business/and I repeat business
Like it. Love it!
Did you say Don't roll up on me Mother Fucker?
Well what I will add is that when you have a couple near death experiences while in no way could i properly convey my experiences without sounding insane I do know a few things 1 being there’s higher power. Very rare does mental imagery prove reality but it don’t make u wrong
Did god also create lying, cheating, Donald Trump in his own image?
@s8n liked it! lol
heheehehhehhehh
Boom and double boom - way to go God xx
Your existence literally justifies Twitter.
I am Mr. Hawkin's proxy on the matter before us and I 2nd the motion.
#gileswalton
Seems the Hound will be dead soon.
@Franklin_Graham Steven Hawkin did much to help others realise that God is only a man made myth. 
lmaoooo so great
Stephen has probably read most of the papers that followed the discovery of the Higgs boson particle, and is almost certainly better informed about the creation of the universe than any of the Bronze Age writers of the Bible or their modern day followers.
Hell Yeah
Yeah Franklin listen to the real god for once.
Oh! All right then. I will.
Signed God.
Hilarious thread.
I heard that too 
What about Muslim God, Allah? What did he say?
Go and crawl back underneath the rock you came out from......
@cov_tom
Pretty sure his dad did also. Can you verify?
An ignoramus filling in the facts for a genius.
Simple truths often occur to simple minds
Wow! Mere mortals can't tweet like this!
Take Stephen and Albert to the casino and show them how to play dice with the universe. They'll get a kick out of that.
God is love.
Will these guys quit misrepresenting Hawking as an atheist b/c he (like many other physicists) explained cosmology without a creator.
Hawking allowed for your [God's] existence as a possibility, but outside the realm of scientific explanation.
He was agnostic.  Facts matter.
No, read his (last) public statement on this matter. He declared himself an atheist.
Not sure which is his last statement, but I've heard him explain his view of the cosmos several times. He had no comment on gods in a scientific context b/c they don't belong there. Nothing wrong w/ atheism, IMHO, or any other philo that's rational, charitable, honest, & verdant.
“What I meant by ‘we would know the mind of God’ is, we would know everything that God would know, if there were a God. Which there isn’t. I’m an atheist.”

https://www.cnet.com/news/stephen-hawking-makes-it-clear-there-is-no-god/ … (2014)

(And similar statements. JFTR: I am an agnostic increasingly leaning towards atheism.)
I get what you're saying. I've studied religions & philosophies for years & practice my own form of spirituality. I've never given up trying to contact a "god," but I'm not sure if I'd know one if s/he looked through my eyes into my soul, though I haven't contacted it yet either.
@FranklinGra
Who is this Graham guy? And why is he weighing in in such a self-indulgent fashion?
Well said, and if my nan is with u she would have said the same !
You must be Allah. Certainly not the Christian God. You’re disgusting.

Thank you God! 
Well said, God.
 Winner Of Twitter for the day.
jajajaja
Preach on that MOTHERF--let!
This is the first time I love god. Well, twitter god, because he’s real.
One of your best, Lord.
thanks, God, for staying in touch! :)
@NawazUsmanDr 
Franklin,shhhhhh
Can anyone else see the irony in this? Or is it just me?  

I’m gonna go with the Twitter God on this one.
Dear God @TheTweetOfGod, when is Twitter going to verify you? Asking for the world. 
Ditto 1000
@frankin_Graham   He burned you, dog.  That's gonna leave a huge God mark.  Your dad's still trying to explain away the anti-semantic stuff.  I'd leave this one alone.
That was laugh out loud funny

On my god, God, you rock!
Seriously, I’m more frightened of these fake religious nut-jobs than the whacky gun nuts.
Amen!!
Franklin, encourage the study of science please.
God,,, why do we have Trump?
Burn baby burn
I knew it could not be a mistake to follow @TheTweetOfGod.
Humble offering for perfect tweet.
Thank you! Poetic. I like to think he is smiling at you god, even if we don't know where you are, or if you exist, we know if you do exist, you have the same sick, sense of humor, you gave us.
We are all stardust.
Thanks God!
Thank god

Hey, @Franklin_Graham, go f*ck yourself. Go peddle crazy someplace else, we’re all filled up here.

Thank God!!
Bahaha love it!
After this tweet, I have decided to follow u .God,u r hilarious 
Yeah, bet you would have said that to his face, eh Frankie??
Franklin...can’t even say it
Hahaha too funny
Ssssssssss 
Good one.
Dude you're approving his point so..
Ha!


I thought Tyler was the Creator?
@IntrovertCollin @Franklin_Graham @washingtonpost TY God
Cmon God. I'd tHouht you could have been more Christian than that!
You go, God!!!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
