lol
what did they pay for the god deluxe package?
So can I have this planet? I’ve got big plans!
We're all in trouble now!!!
Enjoy.
Imagine some day you wake up and your twitter reads: "God is now following you" You will be like or . depends on why he follows you.
Wait! We're not done with ya yet!
Thoughts and prayers

Like twitter heaven! .. U will be the God and creator on this planet!
Can you relocate me? I’ll adapt.
Good to know. Please send an alien to abduct me. Amen.
Is this like a God exchange program? Will we get their God to hover above us ?
Good luck traitor!

I’m with you god
Can you teleport some of us?
Dear God - Thought you left us a couple thousand years ago.
#HumanBeings may be wayward and struggling and nonsensical and self-sabotaging at times, but #GodWillNeverAbandonUs
If we could get POTUS a one way ticket, we could say there’s low-life on Mars...
Can you come get me when you get to one of the other 23,536,824,173,546,904 better ones? Just for the ride.   https://twitter.com/TheTweetOfGod/status/975861477415444480 …
Save a spot for me.
At least try getting them to focus more on science and less on religions.. portray yourself as an alien and enforce the ideas of aliens than Gods... We are a failed experiment...
Yes! There is a God. #lol They also have tastier junk food on other planets.
Thank you, but we don't need your help at the moment, our focus is humans.

Please check in once in a while.
Is this where we see only one pair of footprints in the sand?
Life on other planets? Now I know you're pulling our leg LOL. The Earth exists on a stationary plane. But, you should know that (being God and all). Lord, please forgive the sins of this impostor. He knows not what he does.
Do what you can to protect those life forms from humans. Is an intervention from a higher intelligence life form too much to ask.?
So we are DEV and now your focused on PROD??? Makes sense.
That explains a lot.
Are u giving up on us
Did you create this life on other planets.? Just wondering.
Hasn't it been?
Can’t You just stay away from other planets? You utterly messed up here. Isn’t that #enough?
I do not beleive you.
Honor your Spirit!
Bugger off then. And take Trump, Putin and Jong Un with you
Lol
Omg. Are you talking about Facebook planet ?
Can’t blame you.
It was bound to happen eventually. I’d give up, too.
God @BillyIdol

There is life on other planets and from now on that's My focus ...
sorry we can suck so much sometimes - please don't throw us all out with the bathwater!
Please don't ! Let them in peace.
That should’ve been a no-brainer centuries ago 
God's now a Scientologist (oh -- and a Mormon too?)
Life on other planets has nothing to do with scientology or mormons.
Considering how vast the universe is, and how nigh infinitely it expands, the chances of our planet being the only one that's turned out habitable for intelligent life are impossibly low.
You're not the only one:  Earth Said to Be Put On Interstellar 'Do Not Call List' http://baconplant.com/earth-said-put-interstellar-not-call-list/ …
I hope there is a species as smart as guns, but it also has compassion
it’s not like God could blame anyone else for this mess though
Are you going to make yourself rare again? Please don't. I'm always looking forward to your revelations, mysteries, angelic tweets.
A wise move God,  next time try to be a little more obvious in your presence the Faith alone malarkey is too difficult for some species to handle.
This is all your fault.
Can't you just smite is and get it over with. We're akl jusst terrible
Oh God you are funny!
I love you God
Smart move. Get out before humans start blaming you for the bad things.
So we can all die now?....... please...
Good
A decision well made humans are just a fail experiment, just a disappointment
We don't deserve you, God
I've doubted your existence since they declared that Pluto is not a planet.
Are you breaking up with us?
A vi ovde..... jbt se.
"Looking 'very strongly' at other planets."
Along with Stephen Hawking RIP, may he rest among the stars 
Don't worry about us we can take care of ourse-
PUT THE TIDE POD DOWN KID
Dear God! I rarely ask anything about you, but now that you were planning to change the planet, would you like to bring Trump? Have heard that he is also planning to create his own space army... 
He can surely help you win over all the aliens too 
But I bet they don't have Twitter there.
Yup - little intelligent life down here (but those kids! Maybe when they take over you can bring your attention back to us bc I think they ARE going to change this world!) #ParklandStudents #neveragainmovement #BoycottTheNRA #17minutes #NationalSchoolWalkout #NationalWalkoutDay
Well... You just admitted you're a hypocrite
Oh, man. That ain’t cool. Would You please get us through 2020??
You're omniscient and omnipresent. You don’t HAVE a focus.
Can't blame you, God. You did a great job on this planet, except for humans. Better luck next time.
I really don't blame you, God, for focusing elsewhere.  It's a disaster here right now!
Please don't screw them up with religion.
to paraphrase eric idle, lets hope there is intelligent life somewhere out in space cos there is bugger all down here on earth!
Can’t blame ya now that Dr Hawking is no longer on this planet.
Hoping for all life
ouch!
Can't say I blame you
If you are God wouldn’t you already know ?
Wonder is their first sons and daughters banged?!?
The fuck you mean “from now on” exactly?
... But if it's not grown on this planet is it still grown in earth? 
Existing lives on other planets as you God created them.
Try Try again.
Typical of these days you break something, instead of fixing it you just dump it and go get a new one.
Please and thank you
It's always best to specialize.
Probably for the best. It's really gone a bit pear shaped down here, hasn't it?  Maybe cut down on the late night mead sessions O lord.
Cool, take your followers with you.
Krishna says hi.
God. Please talk to me in Tamil.
nice to hear that, pa
god i love you
@MSilvaConstenla @LovelyFilters
#stephen hawking can help you with that.
PLEASE DON'T FORSAKE US LIKE YOU'VE BEEN DOING SINCE WE CREATED YOU!!!
Dear God
I don't believe in you but you talk sense in this.
Before you do that, please sterilize the Vega system. I don't like those Vegans... Amen.
हे भगवान 
Oh so that's why You called Hawking back!
Sorry we fucked this version. All the best for future endeavours
Tell them to come and invade this planet and wipe out the human race please. We don't deserve it!
find a flat one
Dear GOD ....will I get a government job in this year....plz let me know...
You should join hands with Elon Musk...
Don’t blame you a bit, @TheTweetOfGod
As if your focus was on earth for the last 2'000 years 
@TheTweetOfGod can you hitch me a ride to the closest planet?
Wait. You’re starting With that NOW? Didn’t you start after 2012?
#hawking
thanks for the wood...
*My
PLS God, at least put us on auto pilot
You abandonned us when that little issue with that unemployed carpenter son happenned....
And good riddance!
Yes you do it
I am behind you
Mate, you checked out a long time ago - like, eons 
Father, why have you forsaken us?
We know that. How can you define the rise of @lilpump ? How?
You put them there. You should know.
Yeah, whatever.
@joshamcf @GelanFren
Good don't copy your mistakes with us.
No God. Your focus should be on fixing this planet when  there is still time. Who am I to tell God what to do? But hey, let's have some logic here.
I think that's been your focus since that meteor hit.
And your protégé has arrived to make sure you succeed in your search.
Hey, if you hear my prayers ... why do you always get them wrong?
Sighh
Can i come with...
Thank u God for following me in search of Humens on other planets.
Actually there r a lot of them who r as pure and transparent as crystal clear glass. @UN
Finally some some good news. Please don't change your mind. I pray thy.
Proof positive that you are all knowing.
Can your focus be to bring back Stephen Hawkins and take some like Kim Kardashian...plz
Is Elon Musk delaying you?
Also take me there please 
Is there a waiting list for relocation?
Don't you even dare to create another human like creatures there! I hope you have learned your lesson.
that’s fair
Good decision
We'll send our Space Force!!!!!
I see yr focus is to make other planets ‘great again’- confirmedly inimical god- follower of disciples!
Fine...but at least be active there.
Smart move God.......Trump has totally fudged this one up!
Good, go and disappoint someone else for a while.
Son BRT!
I knew it. LOL just don't forsake us god. 
Please kill me and send me there instead.
Where’s ICE deportation force when you need one?!
Great call
No more floods, locusts etc?!
Rats leaving a sinking ship.
Very good but remember should not be any kind of chik chik o disturbance only peace hurry up god
Great...now even God has forsaken us...we really are a hopeless mess.
So you’re telling me, “God” you just recently noticed life out there? Are you gonna fuck it up as well, with like what you did here? LMAO.
Pl dont ...I'm already there
No god, Please, I got arrested for weed yesterday and I need my reputation back! First do this for me!! Then you can focus on life in other planets...
Dude let them live in peace ;)
Mine too
When you have created many planets in the universe, why have not you created life on all planets?
Don't bother you'll just make a hash of it like this one.
Is it true? 
If you want God to laugh tell him your plans
Cant Say I blame you
Please God... I need you...
Any population on the planets,,how to get life overthere..
Hiding out eh?
are you not even leaving a sub?! buddha? one of the arch's? zeus?
But you made such wonderful things on this planet - coral reefs and rain forests and grand canyons and glaciers. How can you let it be destroyed? :(
Once there were giant ferns everywhere and 60 ton dinosaurs roamed the earth eating them but they're both long gone now. Change is constant.
Change is one thing. Wanton destruction is something else.
Sure, allow us to f*ck things up spectacularly and then go play with another planet!
You are hilarious! I am a believer! (And not for Justin)
Forget THAT! Trump is building a Space Force to deal with those guys!
Is Washington one of them?
One step ahead of you on this one, and they are flipped one at a time!
Aww god, don't go screwing up any other planets. You've done enough already thanks.
And what about us? Should we go to hell now?
Just as long as Clinton,Obama,Podesta Comey ect. are locked up.
But you won't have as much fun.
We choose Gods which are our looklike..if you can imagine the appearence of other planets living being, than just imagine there Gods. May be a big hairy cockroach having power to heal ppl...hehehehehe
You're not the God of the aliens  Are you?
You are talking like a Businessman  you need to go back in Training and refocus    On messing HUMANS ONLY 
GOD NO, LEAVE THEM ALONE OR YOU'LL RUIN THEM TOO!!!
Teasing o f course,  "God of the Greater Community is the God of all who live in the Greater Community, not just the God of humanity...God is the God of other beings, countless beings, countless races of beings very different from you in appearance,..."
https://www.newmessage.org/the-message/volume-4/life-universe/great-attraction …
From what I've seen, that's been your focus since life first formed here
As long as those planets don't have a wall, I'm sneaking across the border.
Honestly that’s probably for the best. You speed
Apparently it’s trump’s too. That’s why he wants a “space force”.
What's your opinion on the space force? Good it bad?
Now one wonders,who to pray for the worthy plight of  creatures of those planets. 

Earth managed,universe managed.
Can't even imagine of saying to you "good luck to you".
Regards
Dude, I have been praying to you and the baby Jesus (my favorite Jesus) that we will flip the seat in Pennsylvania tonight. Can you do me a solid?
I don't know....maybe we're better off that way....
Well maybe if you weren’t such a shitty absentee god in the first place we might have turned out better... nurture or nature ay?
Learn from your mistakes. Admirable.
We’re not worthy!!
Synexcoin 2.0 is launched, join our community and build a passive income with guaranteed 5% compound interest per month rate on your cryptos.
No more risks if the market breaks, the interest rate is directly linked to your crypto investment.
https://synexcoin.com 
