No need to get all Old Testament on him. A heart attack will do just fine.
But the old testament is so creative
Evidently the creativity is what’s slowing Him down.
Wait...what if Trump IS the eleventh plague?

How about an alligator while in Florida?
An act of nature or God!  
Piranha tornados
Piranhados, I believe they're called.
Hell, if a piranhado actually manifests and consumes Trump, I'll start praying.
I've heard bribery works with God
Come on, you're God, you could have him eaten by potatoes
'Mysterious Ways' and whatnot.
No, make it look like an Act Of God.  The more dramatic and implausible, the better.
might be the only way we get the Christian right to go along with it!
Why do you wish so much ill to piranhas?
For the greater good of mankind,i will sacrifice a few piranha.They are ugly anyway.
what about rapidly progressive herpes?
Again oh wait...
Slip some into the water traps at his golf courses?

Since you're God, you could make some for the sand traps too!
Scorpions.
I figure if God is offering to step up, why not get creative?
Oh!. I get it! Land piranhas! Choice!
Maybe just turn him into a four foot tall coprolith. His pals could have it covered in gold leaf.
A what?
Google is your friend.
Sadly they’re not “bottom feeders”
Too funny! Love it! 

Piranhas have just had their annual meeting and have unanimously voted to go Vegan.
If u could just put him & a pond in my path, I'll happily exercise my free will in ur favor.

Just do it and we will suspend disbelief.
My recommendation. 
We’d be willing to overlook any logical inconsistencies in that storyline.
How about locusts? I've heard you've had experience with them.
Florida has alligators. Just sayin.
I see the news now... "Raining alligators on Trump golf course" news at 5...

Just baste him in McDonalds and pornstar juice! Oh, wait...
Or sharks?
He's supposed to be afraid of sharks.
Sharks don't eat people. That's why you only hear of bites.
True
No way Trump‘s any organic. This guy is fake from synthetic hairpiece to bone spurs.
Please hurry, dear Lord
Poor piranhas.
Pretty sure the piranhas will swim in the opposite direction with panic in their eyes.
You know how sometimes you makes it rain frogs? Do that, but with piranhas over the golf course.
There is no organic way when you deal with toxic waste.
Bloody hell, God. Just do it.
That's, with all due respect  Sir, nor very fair to the piranhas.
I'd take swarm of hungry rats at this point
Dude.  You can do anything! Let 'er rip!
The world will accept struck by lightening even though your way is so much better.
Maybe just drown him in covfefe?
OMG, y'all are off-the-chain cool on this thread! @iminfectious
Is that code for thou shall swim with the fishes?
I believe in you. Please, please, please  do this and possibly televised. Thanks God.
Maybe gators on the golf course would be easiest in Florida.
You need to stock the water hazards in his golf course.
“New type of piranhas found in Mar-a-Lago beach area after the President of the United States is eaten alive”
Make sure that the Democrats are winning BIG in the polls. The piranhas in the GOP will eat him alive. You know, like you did with Nixon.
I'm partial to lions.
The fact that you didn’t proves that you are yugely omniimpotent.
You’re fired!
I saw a "Smite" button on your keyboard...  cmon.. you can do it..
I think I even heard the Twittler scoff at God!

He said, "Smite me, oh mighty Smiter!"

Or was it Jim Carrey?
Oh highest Dude, all he eats is McDonald's and KFC. Two words: heart attack.
Piranhanado....make it happen

Headline: “Trump killed in freak accident during ribbon cutting at a new national aquarium. Witnesses call it an Act of God.”
That would work.
"HELLO, AMAZON RIVER? I NEED TO BE IN YOU.  BIGLY."
It can happen while looking for a lost ball in a water hazard at one of his golf courses.

Soon, please.
Given the amount of time he spends in the bathroom, the obvious solution is to have piranhas come up thru the toilet.
Or pecked repeatedly by American Bald Eagles
Make it happen
I've heard stories of piranhas devouring a cow in minutes. Those piranhas would have Trump reduced to bones in days!
Bah. You haven't come up with anything interesting since sticking a duck's bill on a beaver and making it lay eggs
And God sneezed, he liked what he saw. We named them jellyfish, God laughed.
Can they digest that much hair and fat ? @realDonaldTrump
Just paint them gold and tell him they make great accessories!
I just love you Alan!
Love you to honey!!

Be carful the people on this thread are going to say get a room 

I think a bolt of lightning makes a bigger statement. Preferably on the golf course. Just saying.
+1.  Two lamentable facts:  1) S. Florida is the lightning capital of the US (as every kid who grows up there learns), & 2) you're blown over 100 opportunities to smite him on a golf course already. @1newyorkmetsfan  @CaptFacetious  @Whits1bone (We're all #TeamLightning on this.)
sneak them into his KFC bucket.
Read this and thought, piranhas from the inside out. 
god didn't specify how :D
Haha mysterious ways and all ;)
Organic? You’re God - just pull an Old Testament stunt and miracle them into his bed at Mar-a-Lago! Bonus: every atheist in the world would become a true believer if you did 
He already is being eaten by piranhas. And sharks. And barracudas. And bottom feeders. 
Just take a look at his gatherings at Mar-A-Lago, or his phone calls with Russia.
@ToniEAas
I knew you followed @SoCalChrist, But not God
Well
Now you do
Pro tip: According to Stormy Daniels, Donald Trump hates sharks. I’m certain that he would hate to be eaten by sharks, piranhas, any ravenous aquatic carvivore, really. So, don’t limit yourself. Go big.
Back in the day You had the earth just swallow up some ppl. He IS on the golf course alot. In FL holes open all the time.
!!
Enough with the flashy hocus pocus, don't anyone ever choke on chicken bones anymore?
If you just swap him for a piranha, will anyone know the difference? Problem solved...
Is this how we work a fifth glass of wine into the seder?
Oh Lord, do you really think the Amazon can withstand that degree of pollution?
Just figure out how to grow the piranhas from a powder, like Sea Monkeys. We'll package them as "Bath Salts" and have them stocked at the White House! Why do I have to figure this out? You're GOD, by God...
It would have to be many, many piranhas. That’s a big meal.
Piranhas: we just turned vegetarian
Can you make it a shark?
Sharks would be even better
And cruelty free!  Don't want those piranhas to suffer.
Call them, they will come.
The piranhas will choke and spit him out. A swarm of infectious Bot Flies might work. In the least it would be entertaining.
Just send some alligators to nest at Mar-a-Largo.
Maybe a flesh eating virus that's let loose near him.
Already part of his jaccozze plans down here. 
So now you want to poison the piranha fish .
Tell him he cann't walk on water.
I don't know if this is helpful, but he loves McDonald's Filet-o-Fish.
dang... that would be a pretty mean thing to do to the piranhas...
No doubt. What did they do to deserve this?
I just realized you only follow Justin Bieber..
Since Mike Pence thinks Jesus talks to him it may be easier than you think 
If you can’t figure out how to do that then we are really screwed.
Actually piranhas!
I don't think you could even get a piranha to eat him
Hey hey HEY!  It’s a KNOWN FACT (many people are saying) that piranhas LOVE ORANGES!

@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS
#TrumpTreason
#Resist #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrumpPence
#TrumpColluded #FoxNewsisFakeNews
#FucktheNRA
#NRAmassacres #SubpoenaTrump #WhyisNRATaxExempt #WeGotThis
@Birdseye1 You could just send him to Compton...
trying to be creative... pleasure without guilt.
You'll have to change Trump's diet bigly before he's organic.
Very True, I was feeling extremely anxious for the Piranha already!
Sharks would be better.  He hates sharks.
Land shark! Land shark! 
You have to figure out a way to feed Donald Trump to piranhas that isn't cruel and unusual punishment for the piranhas. They deserve better.
Then god makes a storm sink a ship full of alka seltzer! That should help the poor piranhas! :)
I'm not a purist. They don't have to be organic piranhas.
How bout free range piranhas?
Candiru, the fish that swims up the male urethra, would be a much more satisfying choice. Some Ill-tempered candiru at that.
Well bad oysters have brought smarter men than him down before....
Piranha basket.
Lol start with the pants boy, the pants....
What have you got against piranhas?
Nah... Struck by lightning while playing golf. It'll look accidental AND ironic, and you'll have plenty of opportunities.
You might want to consider removing their taste buds first.

Piranhas deserve your love too.
Can't you come up with Piranhanado???
@EllieGesiotto ....Or sharks!!!  Sharks would be better since he has a morbid fear of them!! 

Piranhas are organic. You’re welcome.
Or by flesh-eating bacteria
They would vomit afterwards.
very rare mini tornado? carry him to the Amazon, i reckon it will be just enough for the atheists to call it as an unfortunate coincidence..
Smite damn it. Smite now. Why are You screwing around? You are known for Your smiting. Smite!
hold up....why are we punishing pirahnas?
You’ll figure this out, big man. But uhhh.... hurry ok?
We know you can do it. Think back about how you managed the Noah flood, then just move the piranhas to the ugly place he goes to in Florida. BAM!
Why didn’t you give him up for Lent and by Lent I mean forever. #mortificationoftheflesh
Just drop them into all the ponds on every golf course he owns. Gotta hit pay-dirt sometime!
For a second there I thought you said pajamas.
1. Give piranhas the ability to breath and fly.
2. Make them hungry for Donalds scent.
3. Sit back and watch your new creations go to work.
Make sure there’s a shitload of them so they get it all.
Can you just whip up a sharknado?
River overflows banks, piranhas get into toilet...
Throw some KFC in and he’ll dive in after it.

Ty 
It's a GREAT idea!!  
Just will a massive stroke or heart attack on him.  I don't think people will be picky
It's the only way to get him out of office without his followers taking up arms and creating major civil unrest.
Exactly.  It's horrible to think but the man is dismantling our country's and making us look like fools to the world.
Awww! Stop being creative now! Just smite him. Zeus and Thor will help.
Not that I presume to talk for them but sent a few prayers their way too.
Oh and the @Kr8cken is now available.
Might have better luck with alligators on the golf course
Make some with wings
Too toxic for piranhas
Instead of sharknado make a pirahanado. Do it!
Pick up the pace a bit!!  Please and thank you.
Land piranhas?
I can help with that plan... “consumed by piranhas” is one of my specialties. Also, sidebar, if you had given them wings like I suggested, humans would be less regrettable. Spiders, too. You decided to give dinosaurs and rats wings instead.
why you hatin' on the lil' fishies??

to give them the indigestion like that??
Just say to him loudly that a supermodel awaits him for a swim in the piranha tank. I do not think he will know what a piranha is.
All the diseases you have on hand and you're thinking about little fish getting him? You're so twisted
Could you figure out away to make his supporters hate him? That would kill his ego.
Your best chance, Can you hide piranhas in a quarter pounder w/cheese?
Don't poison the fish
What have you got against piranhas?

Rabies is my choice. Slow and excruciating.
Don't bother- just come up with an 'organised' way. 

Or not.
Charge tickets and serve vegan dishes
A party celebrating his presidency on the banks of the most piranha infested area of the Amazon,  an accidental scrape or three as he 'trips' into the water... Oh noes, whatever-shall-we-do?  You are God after all...
Make him sleep with Melania 
I hear the toilets at Mar-a-Lago are extra wide.
You are being unkind to piranhas, they are your creatures too
Well, both the piranhas and Trump are organic beings, so I think you could argue that the feeding would be organic by default.
He is not one of your children?
Can’t you just smite him on the golf course? Everyone would say it was an act of God?
How about an alligator on a golf course?
Poor fish
Would you? It would be much appreciated.
poor piranas
good luck with that.
Piranhas have standards
You could persuade McDonald's to substitute them into their fillet  o'fish sandwich.
Until then, could you give him non-stop diarrhea?  Thanks.
I'd have thought You, of all Beings, would know better the real meaning of "organic".
I'd say don't worry about that, but look after the health of Your piranhas.
Thank you for putting him in power, we needed it.
Romans 13:1 / Daniel 2:21
Yeah, dude, get busy.
I want him to be attacked by hamsters
Well get a move on.
Can’t be too hard! You had Harold Holt eaten by a shark.
What have you got against Piranhas O mighty God?
Just introduce the new "McMysteryMeat" at McDonald's. Who will really notice the difference, anyway?
¿Smiting is no longer in your arsenal?
 I  U God !!!!
@corekvncore
Have You been juicing Your piranhas with steroids again?
Whatever,  send him a tank full, and tell him its a status symbol in a made up country and you're in.

Get him in front of tank

Break Glass.
You could tell him there is a whole tribe of Russians living on the banks of the amazon and they want him to speak at a rally. Set a Big Mac near the edge..you do your thing with the wind..Voila!!
Let me know if you need some help.
I feel like a contest is in order here. Surely the White House bathtub, big enough for Taft and DJT, could accommodate a school of miracle piranha?
You need to take out Pence simultaneously. Just sayin’.
The poor pihrana
I’ve never had sympathy for piranhas...until now.
Surely the swamp hole he calls the winter White House has a need for them on the golf course.
Step up your game God
You can do it! I believe in you! 
Hurry...
Sharks. It is sharks he fears.
Better yet, great white sharks with bigly teeth. He's so scared of sharks...
*cough* Lightning *cough*
If you do, I'll go to church. At least once.

There are a lot easier ways to go about it, though. How about a Burmese python in one of his water hazards? Or very rapid MRSA infection? Or good old fashioned syphilis never goes out of style.

we are okay with non organic ways sir
Just send a big bolt of lightning his way and be done with him....please? We'll even leave the stinking grease spot he leaves alone so you have bragging rights!
Porn star orgy in an actual grotto, but they all get out ok (not him). Or Putin just decides he's outlived his usefulness, says "You've failed me for the last time, " and opens the trapdoor.
Make it rain fish in the Oval?
Just quit farting around and zap the basta***.
Serve him with curry. Oh my You, who doesn't love curry?????
He gets challenged to a Piranha match at Wrestlemania by Kid Rock for ownership of his Hall of Fame ring. Both guys stumble into the tank and flop into it. And nothing of value was lost
Maybe you and @s8n should get together on this one.
What if a school were being shot up by Piranhas?
Trump could run in there…
Lighting should be easy for you.
Just give him an aneurism

You hang him by the heals over the Amazon River and lower him slowly
Or choke on a cheeseburger.
How about a shit eating pack of dogs?
How about using 'gators at Mar-a-Lago?
All you really need to do is send a bolt of lightening on the upswing.  Just saying.
His toilet. 5 am. 

Don’t worry about details, his followers will believe anything.
I don't mean to get all up in your business, but have you considered alligators instead? Because Florida golf.
Have a disciple toss a Big Mac into the Amazon...?
Godspeed
why do you hate piranhas
He loves sharks.
Hahaha if there’s a god there’s a way
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
