
Guys I finally found the answer.

The Qur'an states that "Allah created the heavens and the earth, and all that is between them, in six days" (7:54). While on the surface this might seem similar to the account related in the Bible, there are some important distinctions.....
......The verses that mention "six days" use the Arabic word "youm" The word "youm" is understood, within the Qur'an, to be a long period of time
So, he did it in 6 long times. Lol. Get a life Zarakk and do not waste your time justifying the ignorance of bronze age shams.
Somebody else answered in the dms . It's your job wether to believe it or not . If you believe in it,good for you. If not,good for you .
Quran and Islam were created after Christianity. So if Allah created sun then why he was the last one to explain it?
Hope this helps . 
Do the research you won't regret it !
And how does it explains the fact that Islam was founded after Christianity and yet claims for creation? Translating God in different languages isn't called research.
SHOMER FUCKING SHABBES. Because Friday.
TGIF.....
lmbo And here you are proving white God right



Don't get me started on gif wars Fam 

You know what sir...
With all due respect, you don't work for a living. 

It is a perfectly appropriate amount of thanks, IMO.
And it is right to give you our thanks and praise. Indeed. It is right and salutary. (blah blah blah).
Weeks are weird. http://www.socialstudiesforkids.com/funfacts/daysoftheweek.htm …
bet Mondays cancel out any jubilation regarding Fridays
Isn’t this a leap term?
What if this account is literally ran by 'THE GOD' , But we all think it's absurd and never ever even think of the possibility
not possible. God would know things
God Friday
Shouldn't we be thanking Pope Gregory? 
Thank Gregory it's Friday
True. But last Friday was real good. Thanks.
This is God damn funny
I did this yesterday. 
I see your point
And???  Happy? 
#colaboyy #MGMT
You didn't create Friday, you only created Earth rotation around the Sun.
used to overthank You, myself, but haven't, now, for years
I can't thank you enough for all of your support and encouragement PS ~
Thanks @again PS I wanna come home
I miss you too much
I have to praise you like I should
This @Israel #PROMISE – at Cross Pointe Auto
I grow on you – at Exclusively Rose
I @TheLifeDiaries – at Temple B'nai Israel
IV @LunarCFT – at 34th and Georgia
You deserve it Bro

TMIF: Thank Me It's Friday
Wrong. You're thanked exactly enough
TGIF!!
I never do cause your hateful ass wants me to have a 6 day work week.
I know you rate one Friday each year as “Good”. How do you rate the other 51?
Hahaha OMG.
Because you are the man
There a bunch of us who (still) thank this man.
Bwahahahahahahahahahahahaha!

No, you don’t get it. You can’t comprehend how thankful most of us are for Friday. Retired people don’t care, every day is Saturday or Sunday for them.
You properly fucked up Sunday though you bloody prima donna - should be a great weekend day but you had to make it all about you.
I don’t think God is a white male. I think this is a parody account.
@TheGoodGodAbove is a better RPer than you
hahaha
Not fair when Friday is clearly @s8n idea.
Yeah, you didn’t even create Friday, we created the calendar; the elation of Fridays is every bit as much ours as is the misery of Mondays.
Sure but we make it up by cursing you for Monday.
Damn right
Thank you, God.
@musondachimba
I overthanked God that I know befriended you.
Great Movie! Donna Summers was HOT!!
That could be fixed if You would just extend Friday by 48 hours.
I constantly thank you (despite me not believing you exist) that I'm not from Liverpool.
@TheTweetOfGod St George Commemoration Memorial Pound coin & medal illustrator(tail side)Blank disc die figure Equestrian Horse killing Dragon.Planchet Designed,Modeled & Engraved By Canadian & UK Citizen MFA ,MPHILFA & Professor Chief Engraver Sculptor Amraphael Estiphanos
Thank you for the movie too.
Let’s believe in humans and let’s spend our time believing in science and human values. And vive the weekend !

Considering the average Americans cholesterol level.....not your best work.
You are consistently under-thanked every other day of the week.
I never knew your name was "Fuck" 
Thanks also for the Reuban sandwich it's some of your best work.
Could you think about building in a three day weekend next time please??
TGI Friday @emcokshutt
TGI Friday
Thanks for nothing! Every day sucks
Yeah, you didn't really earn it.
guys you have mister bit: when god created man she was only joking
They are good once in a while 
And it’s not even the day you intended for people to give thanks, eh Papa?
@Tae_Kal
@prem_rajeshree
Believe me, you get totally shit on for Sunday.
Ok, how about you introduce one more day between Saturday and Sunday? The world will be such a happy place with 3 days for a weekend! 
Oh no - we can never thank you enough... ;)
Hated on Mondays I bet
Thursday's consistently gets thrown back! #TBT 
For the un-Godly ways.
TGIF haha
Thanks you Lord for all blessed for my. Amen.
you over-cursed for the rest of week
All hail Freida!
Yea God Ni gunda hai
I agree as I work Saturday.
I know right, should they be thanking Freya, who the day in names for? Just a thought.
Thank you for saving me from Monday’s
This is fake.. Who only follow @justinbieber..
I am too, for 2nd and 4th only!
But You're outside of space and time: can't You just spread the thanks out over the other days? I thought You could do anything.
That's for the name you chose, but are you actually the one and only...?
Me too
Hahahaha
Fret not… you are quite a few hours behind us.
Ha
What the hell your God tell me something
Damn it I need answers
That's not possible. Fridays are the best day of the work week.
Or is it overthunk lol
Add my name to the chorus #hallelujah

Lol, Friday just kinda happens every week.
make more Fridays
It's POETS day for us athiests, but you knew that
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
