Thank you Kanye, very cool! https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/989179757651574784 …
you're quoting @infinite_scream aren't you.  me too.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Deep
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Hey 1893! I'm 1910! 

Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
I AM YOUR FUTURE

I OUTRANK YOU

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
AAAAHHHHHHH
@TheTweetOfGod - I know that whole "free will" thing stops you from fixing stupidity like this, but surely you've still got influence over a free of the larger asteroids left over from creation, right?
Also, my autocorrupt strikes again...
You could have taken care of this a long time ago, God. Why are you plaaayin'?

The forty-fifth president is thanking the 46th president. Got to love America.
Justin would never..

God, please do us all a solid and delete him
As if we needed another reason to not listen to Kanye West #suxAnyway
God, I never thought you could have fun of anything. In fact, I never could imagine what you are really doing. Watching all of us live since the beginning of times and having fun while eating gigantic burgers? Did you create the world just for Your Infinite Laughter? Scary.
MAGA: Making Another Greedy American
Not cool
Humans were a mistake
Not enough characters to put “men” at the end...?
I love you, God.
We have the right to STUPID independent thought!

DO YOUR JOB, DAD!
Yeah, he should bring human race to extinction. It's about time.
Keep it in your pants, Death. We still have another 66 years of humanity to ride out.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH OH GOD MAKES MURICA GREAT AGAINNNNNNNN
@DaveDelirious

I GUESS YOU HAD THE SAME KIND OF DAY AS ME BUT YOU'VE MANAGED TO VOCALISE IT BETTER
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!
Having an orgasm by reading Trump tweet god?
lol
Like the twins in every horror movie
What are you complaining about? They are your creations!
Well said.
@TheTweetOfGod  i pray to you that these young contestant wins the semi final of a competition for franco Canadians with the most likes on youtube for their 2 minutes video. They are a fan of you. May god help them. Please like and share
Amen to that ! @TheTweetOfGod
I got this!
Oh dear they broke God!
I know, right. Who would have guessed that 2 completely idiotic assholes would admire one another?
What does Aaaahhhh ....mean ....a joy or sorrow.....
same sis but abt everything hahaha!
Yeah. Thanks a lot, Mr. Omniscient and Omnipotent.
@JamilAhmedBugt1 Kamaash is laughing after screwing us for last four hours.
Couldn't have said it better, but you've forgotten to close with "rrrgg...." this extraordinary point of view 
I got 8 rolls for Christmas, thank you God 
good god Don't give on your dreams.. Go to bed and make them happen.
I feel your pain, buddy. We're all in this thing together.
even God is like ???
Welp, we broke God. Now what?
Mood
I’d expect more compassion from god. I realize giving that to the ones we understand the least is hard but I feel like we can try harder.
I blame you for this, Heavenly Father 
he is a slacker
We were created in His image.
Just remember that Kanye West is an anagram of Sweaty Ken and it changes the perspective.
Chhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
God bless you
I now rename Homo sapiens, Homo chironex...the only bipedal virus to systematically incinerate the biotic community with impunity (it rhymes doesn't it:-) Who would have thought a little simian mutant would grow into todays ultimate pathogen. Where is that new SOFTWARE UPGRADE?
Who or what produced you God? Was there a Mr. and Mrs. God? When did this take place and can u send me some proof of these things. Thank you and I'll assume that you know hot to get a hold of me.
Why aren’t you stopping this ?
@DanRingey
WoW 
Was it as good for you as it was for Trump?

interesting
Have you ever considered suicide?
Quoting key and peele i see.
@s8n Vs @TheTweetOfGod
Noo goodd!!! You’re rage would destroy the earth and skies!
You and your ^@$#$%g lightening bolts have been sorely lacking here, dude.
Proof right there that you don't exist. No motherfucking omnipotent deity would let this shit go on.
Godfather, be my ¿
@aditya_tummala 
Your God. Can’t you just smite him or something?
Press delete man.
Dragon Energy? Sounds like someone’s been binge watching GOT again!
OMG 
@smsgawnbon Ikaw ba 'to?
2 of my 5 least favorite people om Earth!
U r not the god u just a clown
Match made in hell
Oh my God,,,,,,,
We watch and archive.
Not to be rude to a being that can smite me out of existence, but WTF are you doing or not doing up there?
God, don't you have forked lightning in your Smiting Bag? Like, for hitting two targets at once? Just wondering. No particular reason.
Heart attack?
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
ॐ.HARIॐOM.आप ऐसा काम कीजिए कि अछचे उतम लोग आपकी तारीफ प्रशंसा करे ॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐॐ
ॐHe who creates this universe in the beginning and He whom the Vedas gloriously praise and sing about,in Him I take refuge in the firm faith and belief that my intellect may shine with knowledge of Brahman.ॐOM Peace Peace Peace.
Give Mr West a PHD in marketing already
Smite them Almighty Smiter!!!!
God i used to "aaaa" and i write diary and i have some character
End us now, please!!!!!!
My thoughts exactly.
what's paining.   LAST DAYS...?
Kanye, you plum!
You mean...
Let me@finish dat......fuck!
R u ok please don’t die
It is all your fault!
it's your fault
Pretty much
Bwahahaha
What is the collective noun for narcissistic arseclowns?
I don’t get it. What does Tarzan have to do with this?
Well I don’t like either of them, so it kinda makes sense they’d like each other.
I’m going to cry ...
It’s alright.
Marvel: 'Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover event in history'

Me:

The apocalypse is near right?
Do something.
*45 just killed Kanye's career.

Oh who the fuck am I kidding? Kanye killed Kanye's career.

Note to Kanye, we're serving refreshments in the back. Cupcakes included.
Can't you smote them both or turn them into pillars of salt?
You used to do that stuff
Stone him...
For the love of you, SMITE HIM ALREADY!

Please....
Take em both
Dragon energy???  and @realDonaldTrump retweets this??? 
Has anyone ever told you you look like Santa Claus?
Oh lordt 
I love you.

I have Ativan I can share god - take a breath
Dear God, can't you organize a Trump rally and Kanye concert just inside the Pearly Gates.....please!!!!
You can say that again, oh Lord.
@JacobAWohl @realDonaldTrump even God can't believe this shit
Smite them both please
Get with the smiting!
I knew I wasn't a Kanye fan for SOME reason...!
You made this universe just to watch us suffer, didn’t you?
@Lobo1_
@c0ntradictOW
For the love of You, stop this shit
Needs more punctuation. 

Actually it doesn’t but you’ve branded me as a pedant.
#Fuckinhilarity
Time to be smitten and smite !!

...... We come from the land of the Ice and Snow, From the midnight sun where the #hotsprings flow?
Not even Satan claims those two.

Misogyny harms our  daughters and our nation.

We MUST change this. 

Where are the #MenForERA? 

All women and girls need  #ERAnow!

#GirlsMatter #YesAllGirls #SAAM #PassTheERA #RatifyERA #SJRes5 #HJR53 #HeForShe #EqualRightsAmendment
If ever a situation called for Your divine intervention, this is it.
God , take their lives , dont just stand out there screaming 'aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh' 
They both mad af
With that powerful Ah, please share with us your daily dose of Ambien recd from Dr Jackson.
This is such a weird time to be alive. Its like the equivalent of God modding his game and making the King in Oblivion Kermit the Frog.
@Ziad_Mohamed626
fuck you god for enabling this
You never said they had the dragon energy for your sakes!
Oh my god.... wait allow me to rephrase... who gives a crap about either or them.
Well think before you act next time
Jesus fucking Christ.
And btw Donald trump if Kanye becomes president he'll be obviously 10000 times better than you
Ew no one wants Donald trump's reply I'll die of misery if I get one from him
I think it's time to send that asteroid, now.
Strike him down with herpes
Exactly.
Uh oh


Here be dragons...
Cute!  
@infinite_scream FYI
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
I hate you right now ... Thats a song
I can't tell if this was an "AHH!!"-I'm-afraid or an "AAAAH!!"-I'm-fangirling (my otp is canon?) or even an "AAAAHHH!!" of disappointment.

Did you just fart?
Send the apocalypse now plzzzz
Aaaaaaaaaaaah, I concur
Have him smote. 
What are You doing up there while he’s down here... with us?!?
The world is doomed and so is our sanity,  aaah !
@jd_day scream
yeah, you have a problem with the word "cool", i remember that!
I like the word cool! I actually said cool beans today unironically
Donald you're FAARRR too old to use the word "COOL"
Please God make it stoooopppp. What a nightmare.
Just don't listen to him.

Oh, right, You're omniscient.  I'm so sorry.

Wtf is dragon energy?
It powers dragon cyborgs... Obviously!
Smite them both!
Dear God, are you okay??
You forgot 1 a and 2 h's.
Goddamn... another Big Bang?  Lol
Oh my You!
They’re cut from the same weird and egotistical cloth
The cloth of narcissism...  to everyone else it’s disgusting, but they adore it.
Agreed!!
Hope he's his brothers keeper, because his brother sure needs one
Hey Siri, how do I delete someone else's tweet.
Sole
Fuck. You know what to do, God.
OMG
please strike them down with lightening!!
Lmaooo

Dios y sus criaturas
JUST HIT THE FUCKING RESET BUTTON!!
I think that's the most coherent thought I've ever known to come from a religious figure...
That's the best meme about church ever! 
Why, thank you! 
Hahahahaha.
Same.
Why are you running?
Mii de tunete! Pe toti zeii!
Să-l trăznească Mniezău !
Am zis! :))
CONTE UNIVERSITY TV EP 2:

Intermittent Hypoxic-Hyperoxic Training

Mastermind | CEO of #SNAC @VictorConte #Howyalikeit

https://youtu.be/j3ZOQrzAWmg 

#SNAC #VictorConte #CleanSport #AntiDoping #HypoxicTraining #Altitude #HyperoxicTraining #Oxygen

http://SNAC.com 
