Now Tom Brady knows how Hillary feels.
Big difference, Brady wasn't cheated out of a win, and didn't have the most points.Hillary was cheated out of a win, and did have the most votes.
Listen friends, it's not a perfect analogy. I'm still with her !
I know, I just couldn't resist.

The eagle has landed!

Think he would've caught it if the balls were deflated?
Trump will tweet that the eagles victory is just fake news and he will blame this on Obama .
He’ll raise taxes in Philly and give Robert Kraft a tax rebate.
Damn, that was a good one. Well done, sir!
Eagles for the win...again!
I never get tired of this GIF.
He lowered taxes!! And he won 70 times the counties she did!!! Grow up. The electoral college is there so lib urban areas can't dictate America
Yah. Go enjoy your tax break. I know I’m gonna save my $1.50 per week. Maybe invest it.
Not me. It’s all going to @TheDemocrats campaign funds
Republicans are preparing to release a memo explaining why the Patriots actually won the game.
Lol.. Can't stop laughing

Tom Brady look like Eric Trump
Trump’s stupidface disease is not only hereditary, it’s contagious.
Tweet of day 
Dear God, can you please make the batteries in Chris Collinsworth's mic die?
Amen to that. He couldn't stand the fact that Brady was gonna lose.
I was surprised he could speak he had his head so far up Tom Brady’s ass #SuperBowlLII #eagles #flyeaglesfly


Ugh
Who is the guy with trump
It's Tom Brady - QB for NE Patriots
Thanks. I would not recognize him. I know his name but could not pick him out in a lineup
Football is an American sport and tradition. You support trump and could not recognize the goat.. fake ass trump supporter. Go f8ck your cousin.
Excuse me. I do not support Trump. I am unabashedly a proud Liberal and a Lutheran and a baseball fan.
What a hateful person! I blocked him/her.
The Eagles won YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
Every thing trump touches dies
“Superball
He could start by touching himself all over, as gross as that as that sounds.
I'm really gonna enjoy it when the #Eagles turn down the WH invite.
I didn't know who Tom Brady was until tonight. Didn't know what teams were playing tonight. And I don't get the trump connection. Am I the only one?
Yes - yes you are the only one.
You took my tweet. 
That's karma for ya! 
Yeah! 
God jajjajaja
She uses jajaj instead hahahaha ... Thanks God.
Life is sweet .....sometimes

Does Giselle dress him with last years runway fashions?
Lol 
Brady and Kraft are being punished for being friends with Trump. I get it.
One down. One to go.
God loves all his children but Tom Brady is his tiffany
Hey God, how's it going. I know you went and gave us free will and the freedom of choice and all that. But I think we've proven we can't be trusted with that.....sooooo.....any chance you could take back the whole Trump and Brexit and chalk it up as experience??? #oops
Please
I love you God!!!!
Where were you last year asshole
God bless yourself
That was mean. Even for you

His opponent, Nick Foles, holds the record for most TDs thrown during a perfect game (7 TDs). Two very good QBs make for a good, tight game.
Seem trump luck rubbed off on patriots
Holy shit, Lord, you appear to be gloating!

Right there with you, your Omnipotentship.
Is Trump next?
The Word of The Lord! Thanks be to God!

So much winning!
Frrankly I’m tired of so much winning!
I guess Brady's balls aren't the only thing deflated this evening.
This would’ve been funnier last year but OK
My condolences...
Yeah but which one?
Both!
Watching the “retweet counter” on this is epic!
I know, right!
God’s always right!  Hahahahaha!  He causes the mighty to fall and fall hard.  Tom Brady is now a big loser just like the man he voted for @realDonaldTrump 

Omg best tweet!!!

FU Brady. God doesn’t love ya no more cause you’re a Trump lover!  #ShitholePresident

two losers, one pic
Prior to straight shootin you with the truth here pettywise, if you wipe your lenses, you are actually looking at 2 people that are very successful, smart, million and billionaires, champions, winners, leaders and simply what most aspire to be....

How will he console himself?
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Fuck that #maga douchbro and the orange Cheeto too
#TaintedByTrump ...the Trump taint.
This is perfect...
Well played, sir.

#SuckItBrady

Yep. Ha Ha Ha
is this true... or is this what Fake Fox news told you.. Other sources tell me this is fake AF. nice try.

KARMA IS AWESOME ! 
Both losers! Hahahaha
Omg why does everyone say Tom Brady is good looking? I really thought that was Erik Trump. 
You just posted 2 of the most, if not the 2 most, successful people this country has. I want to say thanks for the laugh but how can one tweet that pic, tweet those words and hit send truly baffles me. The dumbest tweet I have now come across. Wtf?
Successful by what metric? You do realize that such claims can actually be checked if you described what you are actually claiming in enough detail. Why not do so?
Are you serious? I am assuming no or you are just a clown? Trump and Brady are factually successful, prominent, what you aren’t, winners, hated on by envious and jealous types and just simply should be looked up upon. It’s ok to be real and weak to hate. Sad
In my opinion, 2 cheating turds of a feather.
Thank you God
How will he ever cope? And Trump is still President. Suck on that one. With all due reverence of course!
Two losers in the same picture.

Hot wives, though.
You take, you give.
YAS!!!

LOVE!!!!!!!
Oh, God 
@SPEAKUPJULIA  God has responded, Julia
God is funny.
where were you for the other 5?
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
