LORD, God of hosts, who is like you? Mighty LORD, your faithfulness surrounds you. You rule the raging sea; you still its swelling waves. Yours are the heavens, yours the earth; you founded the world and everything in it. Psalms 89: 9-10,12
Amen.
Rubio does not DESERVE to be a Senator!
@johnpavlovitz  This may appeal to you? Or not?  
@RSBChase I love you GOD..
Wow, @marcorubio, even God took a dump on your head. Maybe lay off the scripture before he strikes you with lightening.
Guilty little Marco is in penitence..! 

Florida high school student backpack. Per student value in NRA dollars to @marcorubio
This reply post has more likes than Rubio's. Just let that sink. This guy has his political days counted.
is it just me or is #marcorubio sounding creepy as fuck texting these passages from the bible. does anyone really relate to this?
It's probably a secret code, or something. 
Marco king of lies
Don't You smite folks when antichrists murder the innocent get all pius n shit?
I certainly find it worthy of some attention OBO  
- God's Truthiness
of 
Class of 1983
 Bulldogs
dear G-d, WTF is with this miserable human being? – at UTEP Undergraduate Learning Center
@marcorubio

Sweetest of all sweet tweets from The Tweet of God
This is just perfect.

If Marco wants to be a priest, he should have at it.... he doesn't to anything constructive in the Senate
Even the DEVIL knows and can recite the Bible. The Bible says we will know a man of God by his works! You sir, are no man of God! Your god is Money!
Can't you do one of those 'lightening bolt' things here?
Thank you god! Good for you telling #PunyMARCO what you think of him! He is a religious hypocrite! His god is the #NRA and "Republican Party" over Country and human life!
Why does god need to get political
Oh snap
God Damn!
God..not to second guess but...Trump is president!! Where you fucking high to allow this? Haha got me, now turn back time please?
I know we are all impressed with his wash board and and Clark Cable looks. But I thought I was supposed to go to hell, didn't have to bring
hey @marcorubio nice quote but if #God made everything, how come you won't protect HIS world? you deny climate change that is destroying His planet. Seems you can qoute the #Bible but don't understand it.
If you try to disarm me to make me safer I will punch you in the junk to make you more comfortable.
Pro-gun people are always opening fire and mass murdering gun control people except for ever.
God, you are hilarious!
Interesting thing about NRA: Organized people with lots of guns who then got their way using only peaceful means. America!
I’m a conservative Christian. I’m constantly offended by everything, and yet I’ve barely ever murdered anyone.
Proverbs 18:2
“A fool has no delight in understanding,
But in expressing his own heart.”
It’s tough work being the only reasonable person left, but do you know who I do it for? For me, the only person who deserves it.
God, isn't a member of the NRA??? Mind blown....
The Lord’s mysterious ways are not for mere mortals to comprehend.
sick
Give him hell, God!
Wow…
This is legendary.
Beautifully said God of Tweets. Love your work
Sick burn from the man in the sky. @marcorubio was just #murderedbywords
@marcorubio is quoting the scripture like that mean ass old person who suddenly takes up praying as that last ditch effort to get into heaven.
Thanks God, I've had a long and crazy day. I really needed this laugh to end this day! Keep'em coming!
God damn!
Don’t mess with God.
Holy shit that burned more than me when I was melting down!

Dear God, I have never loved the Bush family, but please look after the ailing president Bush.
Yeah, because God was so peaceful in the Old Testament...
Damn, God!
Just stop. Resign
That's called being owned by the G-O-D,  Y-O-T-C-H!
"Ye are like unto a whited sepulchre ..."
Matthew 23:27
One of my favorite Bible verses for anyone in the @GOP. You hit a home-run with that one, God. Thanks!
Marco Rubio...proof positive that early settlers fooled around with buffaloes
I like how Marco pretends he's still a Christian. It amuses me greatly.
Classic
I am so starting a new rock band : God of Losers
When did this country become a theocracy? I’m pretty sure the founding fathers wanted separation of  and state, and I’m certain nobody wants to read your obvious and cynical attempts to seem pious @marcorubio
1950s when the need to fight the communist bogeyman took precidence. Thats when In god we trust was added to both currency and became the official motto replacing E Pluribus Unum, also around that time, Under god was added to the pledge of allegiance.
Smite him already! Jesus, sometimes you can be so forgiving...

 Amen.
Lmao! Oooohhh, the holiest of burns. Stay thirsty, Marco
This is priceless .,, hahaha
Thanks God.
PS: Calm down mate. Bad things happen when you get angry! 
I know who's like you. Santa Claus.

Marco clearly has forgotten about the brothers Zeus, Hades and Poseidon

Amen to that! 
You get em god!

@marcorubio 
Amen
Trolling level; Divine Wrath of God. You blew poor @marcorubio to smithereens. You bad God! 
What a bogus account. No one on the left cares about you but you throw a conservative under the bus? Hades is warm pal.
Now do planned parenthood
https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/gambling-addiction-story-fotbs-human-misery-revenue-take-action-what-happened-to-me-a8265271.html … 
Yeah!!!  And while you’re at it God!!!  Go and get gambling in Vegas  I have a dear friend who needs your support 
Rubio=cat shit
Who does Marco think causes the raging seas in the first place...? 

Eternal damnation!!

God is fucking cool!!!
Dear God, have you got a smite left over from the Old Testament you could spare?
.@marcorubio @realDonaldTrump @GOP
What the NRA does exceedingly well is mobilize a single issue voting bloc.
Politicians beholden to the NRA fear that voting bloc.
That needs to change. 
The voting booth is where change happens. 
Make those politicians fear you more. 
If they accept NRA money.
Vote them out!
3.71 million followers and only ~3000 likes on his MOST POPULAR posts? Sounds like Rubio has been paying for followers

Thank God, YOU. HAVE. ANSWERED. HIS. FOOLISH. PRAYERS. FINALLY.
MARCO, god of losers...
 
Appropriate time to say “God damnnnnnnnn”
.
SAVAGE
come on God. You’re better than that

Turn that frown upside down
God is everywhere. Huh. I remember thinking why does god not answer my prayers. Now I know its because he lives in the USA.
I don't think he's here either. Or got his voicemail disconnected. 
This is brilliant!

 oh Thank you  God. First laugh of the day.
@peralesjulie @qbrickampersand
My dearest praised God, god of gods, all mighty but quite lazy, 
why don't you fire him?
I mean, literally.
@marcorubio ... your prayer has been answered
Lol you all suck. Sorry for cussing you out so much lately too God.
Obviously God hadn't had his morning coffee  before sending out this torpedo. And please stay away from decaf!
Has Marco signed up to s Listserve sending out quotes.
N.R.Amen
Cuba's gain - America's loss
Oh God this is one of your best tweet ever!
Amen.
You speak the truth God!!!!!
He is trying really hard for the Christian vote I mean REALLY
Can’t wait to see the screenshot that says “Marco Rubio blocks God”
I herd ewe!! 
Pin this.
Nicely put God, nicely put.
Good God !
*911, what's your emergency?

*Hi, it's Marc Rubio, I've been massively burn

*How bad sir?

*By God... On Twitter...

*... Sorry, we don't have a miracle department
God!, lets talk lobbying ok sweetness
@marcorubio, spanked by God.
For a second I thought god was speaking to me
drag him
Your a fraud Marco
Amen.
Donnie is his shepherd, he shall not want.
ॐ;HARIॐOM.With men this is impossible;but with God all things are possible.  He that loveth not knoweth not God;for God is love.ॐ.OM Peace Peace Peace.
Marco, you got your answer.
Psalm 37:15 Their guns will enter their own heart, And their bullets will be broken. Psalm 46:9 He breaks the gun and cuts the bullet in two.
Bravo! as good as a smite.
Why do republicans quote the scriptures but don’t act by them
Votes?
More like the quoting is a means to an end.
God can you draw me like one of your French Girls?
One of your best ever Lord.  We are not worthy of Your greatness Your Holiness
Yup
Oh Lord, could you give Marco whale balls? The rest of us would get a big kick out of that.
YES LAWD!! 
I think he was confusing you with Poseidon.
Amen!
Could u please tell the rest of the people on earth. You really don’t give a shit about humans.
@marcorubio
Marco can see it worked for Trump ( quoting the Bible). Will all candidates be trying that stunt now? You also have to be a successful con artist to make it work.
Stop @realDonaldTrump
Haven't seen a burn this bad since my grandfather

Someone is on bath salts again dammit.
LMAO you dumba$$.
God knows!
That's My Dad.
I dont always type or post  'Amen' but when I do its only for you. The one above all, GOD. 
Outstanding 

You tell him, God.
Oh snap!
A+ tweetin' @shaltsch 
Smite him, now.
Good
Are we truly “One nation under God, Indivisible, with Liberty and Justice for All”?
That's not the original verse, the original never mentioned god
Just like the National Anthem 

Roasting 2k18 style
Bruh! God be copy pasting
CONTE UNIVERSITY TV EP 2:

Intermittent Hypoxic-Hyperoxic Training

Mastermind | CEO of #SNAC @VictorConte #Howyalikeit

https://youtu.be/j3ZOQrzAWmg 

#SNAC #VictorConte #CleanSport #AntiDoping #HypoxicTraining #Altitude #HyperoxicTraining #Oxygen

http://SNAC.com 
