Don't crucify yourself over it, you can always make another universe.
Is this a permission to worship Stan Lee?
It doesn't have the batman, so no!
Fi hake bayne w baynak
You're reaching

You have way too many copyright issues.
Who is the Marvel God?
Stan Lee?
@GraysAndWine
You need to be more creative.
Maybe if you do some awesome special appearances or cameos like stan lee 
Stan is way cooler than God
Agreed
Thank you for not making Thanos real.


hahaha youd have to draft Superman, Joe Satriani  AND GOD to get even 3 wins, dummy  https://twitter.com/BoomBoomGoddard/status/989492979969675265 …
I think it is their unique fashion sense when it comes time for a rumble..
Totes but it's not the same without you :-)
you created Stan Lee.. nobody is cooler
whatevs
Name one thing that isn't cooler.
But the villains you created outevil theirs~
That’s für damned SURE, Max !  !
Well speaking of living under a villiain, we Chinese certainly are experts
I think everybody has got one nowadays, Max !  ?  !
true dat. Some are under lesser evil like Cthulhu, some are under bigger evil like Xi Jiping
Please.....we've seen better :)
Which god is in charge of that universe?
The Marvel Universe is cool but is only a small piece of that which belongs to to the father
Faith, is no longer a matter of religion, it’s a matter of stupidity!
So who's your favorite character.?
It is in your universe, dummy.  Some of your people imagined it and then brought it to the masses.  Probably learned that from you! #facepalm @Marvel
Can I come please
Preach.
Than it's time to fix this right?
The Marvel universe is only cooler than what you seem to think yours is.
But we love you, even with Alzheimer's ;-)
And every bit as cruel.
Amen
616 is the best
But both quite stupid, anyway. You should have done better. Look at me: yuuuuge mess: if I was you, I wouldn't be proud. You're fiiired. Sorry, I'm quite a lunatic aswell.
You once visit underworld
Whose fault is that?!
Which brand's merchandising is more irritating to non-adherents? #someOfUsAreNotFansOfEitherFranchise
Cheating on DC?
You want #Thanos ? Ohh we already have #Trump
Yes, because

God (Thor) fight with humans to protect humanity.
Excuse me your God and are infallible so you couldn't have made anything bad. Its us fallible humans that messed it up.
Oh, I dunno....I appreciate all the explosions and super human feats but then, I’m discouraged by the number of men wearing tights.
@CobieSmulders 

@TheTweetOfGod since the #marvel #universe has been invented in the universe you created, you can still claim it as your own 

You mean DC universe, right?
Because you don't know your universe mate. It is full with supperhero's.

I AGREE, BETTER THAN DC TOO
The hulk is way cooler than you.
Which one of the Avengers do you like most?
Dc tho
No, I much prefer this one.
Yes  until #Thanos start killing in #InfintyWar
Lol! You don't say. 
Thank God. We not live in Marvel universe
the way that's toooo much
NO WAY! I can turn a piece of chicken into a bicep.....Stan Lee has nothing on that (BTW MUCHO respect to Sir Stan!)
If you think that I no longer believe in you.
Agree
I will need lot of money I think I may have somethings on my mind that are going to be beneficial to people.
That’s true..... so far.
But I find #DC-CU way cooler than #Marvel-CU
But Sam and Dean tho 
@LoudDictator
Maybe so. But yours is much more interesting!
Is it that cold over there?
urs is gey
It could be cooler if they let Goths tell our own stories.
Instead of pretending guys actually do all that for love or making rent.
Instead of god it would have Super God!
Better costumes.
 that's like a tweet of god..||
And the DC cosmos.

I was about to tag someone then i remembered i dont have frens
Again proof you're not God. The real God's universe is beyond words, comparing it to anything created is laughable.
@TheRaph_
Straight facts
Easy to explain why: 
it’s MARVELLOUS 
U gotta be kidding me
Dude, why did you stop doing all the miracles n stuff? C'MON, you can still compete!
so we're in DC
Nice beard, but you're not the real thing.
ظگغگشعش
@ConnorLawrenson
Hahaha even the G knows
You did good work too buddy.
Don't knock yourself. I'd rather live in this one. 
Correct. In the marvel universe the good wins all the time, in yours the bad controls and dominates the good.
Goddamn, you've broken open the cartoon world according to the responses.
With a different level of destruction
@Barnabi42
It's because Jesus and the SuperBestFriends have lame powers.
Not true!  You just need to drown the bible thumpers.
@cristian_avila4  Me acordé de tu galería
You must see DCs
I don't think even @s8n would recommend DCEU as cool
DC comics and animations univers I meaneven I dont recomend movies
@nmieKern tu vois même me CM de l'univers le dit 
So is DC, Harry Potter, Star Wars and everything that isn't real.
God, Our Father, Dad, I Praised to you. I Greeted you. amen.
Well that’s rather easy !  !  I mean sitting around on clouds with 72 virgins cackling and giggling all day !  !
Agent Coulson died for your sins.
I know what you mean, but you (you! Ha) one just can't beat a great sunrise!
Groot.  I'm just sayin'.
Dude, the Marvel Universe is IN your universe.  (Isn't it? Maybe your universe is in the Marvel Universe....)
Your production budget was low
@shajedakhanom 
Incorrect the universe of the geeks is much more cooler ....
Clearly I’m out of my depth 
Haha there were so many more I could have added. I'm such a loser.
Chief geek from Geeksville 
As I have discovered I'm not that knowledgeable some people know so much more detail than me. I'm so jealous of their knowledge.
Then you would live alone in a dark house with curtains closed 
I think I would be okay with that.
Just try harder
It’s real so yeah
Well maybe if you gave super powers to more ppl than just your son it would be a lot cooler. Or maybe bring back the dinosaurs.
Well , it's still in your universe so by progressive property , your universe is cooler. And btw Earth 616 is my favorite!
Wait , you who created the visible and invisible, the before and the after, did NOT create the Marvel Universe? Oh right, that would have been @TheRealStanLee 
Could be worse. This could be the DC Movieverse.
The grass is always greener on the other side aye 
I like yours more
Not true
Can you create a portal to the marvel universe so I can go there then?
So god is a marvel fan!
where be it!
Nahh.... Warhammer 40k is way better
@arimatchen
nope u need to see the batman
Well, if you weren’t so stingy doling out some super powers, it’d be more fun. Most you give us lately is Jesus’ face on toast.
I'd suggest you do something about but of anyone could sue God it would be Marvel. Or Disney, I suppose.
You right
Well if you only let those boring do Gooders in I’m not surprised
yeah, but didn't You create its creator?

don't be so hard on yourself, champ.

Yup! Sorry, dude!
Then please get out
I concur
God, it's really not your fault, you just needed to lay off the shrooms..
No way, blackholes, dark matter, dark energy and other mysteries are better than the #fictional #marvel world.
http://gregoriobaquero.wordpress.com/2017/08/23/gra …
But it's not quite as cool as Star Wars
Aside from the fact that it isn’t real, yea I guess
It's a Mad world!
Wait until the Indian gods get together for a movie 
And way more believable 
Hahaha! You suck...
If you passed out superpowers...

You created it by default. It’s yours. Go pee on it to announce it to the universe.
we had a game , marvel heroes online tthat was so cool. then some people pulled the plug and made it go away. please visit the 9 plagues upon them for doing that
You got bogged down on the whole “human” thing. Understandable. Still time for a re-do though
Don’t be so hard on yourself, your universe has brie and that is a phenomenal gift, so thanks

who is your favourite God?
Agreed
let's say - debatable. i like your work (most of the time)

Same same. Youre begat theirs.
Why didn’t you come up with that one first. Unimpressed.
You could correct this by giving people superpowers. Heck, you could start with me. I'll take Tony Stark's fortune, if it's not already spoken for.
I think you need to squish this one back into a singularity and try again.
Amen to that
Shill! #heresy
The DCEU is better. They got Batman.
Yeah you really lack imagination god. The shit you made is terrible. Tou should be ashamed.
I don't know about that, I've watched Planet Earth
In the Marvel Universe you're Jack Kirby.
Of course. It has Hawkeye.
You mean planet Mars
Ok I’m now convinced you are a fraud. The Marvel Universe is a cash cow. Money is the root of all evil
@Gucciby_Gucci
Way cooler
Which universe is real?
In fairness you didn’t have CGI
Well we all know who can fix that...

@Kevfeige @Russo_Brothers

Right? Step it up, bro!
Also, the DC universe. At least there not all the names are alliterative.
So many people live a life of disparity even in their smiles while they still know it's a fake God they pray and write here. What world have we created. Looks like we will have to do some renunciation to bring back the order on this world. To start with lets expose few dealings.
They do get to the point when destroying shit. And the tech, yea they must've skipped the da.

And hell is “DC” universe
The Rick and Morty universes are better
Well it helps that their books have pictures in them. Didn't you even consider that for the Bible?  Ok, the first time, maybe you just didn't think about; but by the time you put out the Jesus update you at least should have included stick figures.
#harshtruth
Couldn't agree more, Sr. Stan Lee is a better creator: Have a look at Wakanda.
delete yr account
Cause your universe has no justice.
They have CGI, you're stuck with reality.
You you damn right!
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!  sheer brilliance 
Make it up to us by giving me The Phoenix Force!
And Stan Lee is God of that Universe.
Any freaking universe without @realDonaldTrump is way cooler!
You should do a crossover
aren't you in the marvel universe?
Don't feel bad, Dad. They've had whole teams of creators and *way* more than six days.
See! SMART kid.
No doubt about it
Marvel nerds... ARISE!
The Marvel characters and you are equally real
@RobertDowneyJr
It's just a phase humans are going through - They desperately need someone real to look up to :) 
Don't worry so much about it.  U will be That It girl again some day.
That’s right. So fix it. 
Exactly. It's because you didn't create it.
ANY universe that has THOR in it is my kind of universe.
Their magic is real
Word.
http://vy.tc/f7jot39  free giveaway
TBF, Marvel had Jack Kirby.
Can't you like change stuff up and give us superpowers or something
The more you give the more you will get from life.  Stop giving you stop the cycle of wealth. Greed breeds loneliness and anguish. Giving breeds life at its fullest.
