Rick Santorum says that kids are "looking to someone else to solve their problem" when they should be taking individual action like "taking CPR classes." #MarchForOurLives https://twitter.com/i/moments/977921496625623045 …
pic.twitter.com/6GvHPFPsU1
OMG this is the best thing I’ll see today....
Better known as being #Santorumed
Or San to rump ed santorumped.pic.twitter.com/XeOLhzhNuT
Lube? I've always thought of him as more of a dry fuck.

Thanks! I'm here all week! Unless there's another mass shooting and I catch one... Try the veal! Tip your server!
This is awful...yet...I keep reading and laughing.
If we stop laughing, we really are done for. Life just takes, but if we can still find something to laugh about - we win. Good luck...
Some of these threads just crack me up! Such clever, funny people here. Thanks tweeps!
God did you see this from today's interview with #Santorum?pic.twitter.com/vxaXsxDnUF
Wtf is that. And why does he looked so confused?
I know! Eewwww
I want to stay in this thread and play..but it’s just too revolting
thanks for the image, as I sip my frothy latte.
pic.twitter.com/MRUAs96HKj
Way too generous.
just a straight up !
pic.twitter.com/AicxHgfpR5
The greatest film ever made
https://youtu.be/U1mlCPMYtPk 
PMSL! I forgot about the soft singing at the end 02:14 ...piano...."America......fuck yeahhhh"
I’m not sure CPR helps with being shot in the head.
Or the chest.
Then triage, EMTS, and anbulances in disgusting Chicago is worthless.
Now this is a god I believe
There’s more evidence for his/her existence than any other god.
Exactly
Rick Santorum belongs in a sanatorium. I don’t know everything about gunshot wounds, but I’m quite certain CPR will not always be of any use. It’s like telling someone to become a firefighter, when others should barbecue in an arid area.
CPR can't save someone who's shot through the head. Every one of these NRA funded GOP villains want to deflect from the real issue.
How do these people function. Let alone have a job in the public eye?
No idea
Why is it that @WalshFreedom and @NRA and @marcorubio think that banning assault rifles means taking away all guns ? Isn’t there a nice compromise that can be made keeping your non assault rifles but eliminating the assault rifles ? Oh I remember now , money is involved , sorry
They do not think it, they want to scare people into believing it, because when the uniformed believe it people will continue to fight for them (i.e. NRA, gun manufacturers, politicians who make money from them) and they will thus continue to make millions, if not billions.
Thank you, @fakedansavage! Here is Ol’ Frothy himself working up another batch. pic.twitter.com/4KEsbDRnNT
O. M. You!
pic.twitter.com/Cj8R5zijhA
Nah - the kids are going to solve our Rick Santorum problem.
I lost a lung reading this.
I'm on the bus & I just coughed up a lung!!
Truffle Butter?
Lol ew
Horrifically visual analogy. I don't disagree, just can't bleach my eyes!
I was starting to think people had forgotten this useful definition. Thank God for long memories.
pic.twitter.com/XrliMeprGv
I think you've just disclosed the secret ingredient in the concoction that turns #45's skin orange!
CPR and learn how to extract bullets from flesh using whiskey and a pocket knife.
Ewww...but yes he is.
pic.twitter.com/993bW5bn93

The word of the Lord. Thanks be to God. Amen .
God, please take Santorum. PLEASE!!!
Ffs I’m eating my lunch
It is not fair to ask kids to go to school with a target sign painted on their backs. Their right to feel safe is far bigger than your fucking right to bear automatic weapons! Anyone who takes potshots at these kids - you are pathetic & should have been aborted as a fetus.
@RickSantorum suggests kids should learn CPR as opposed to being politically active because they are looking for someone else to solve their problem Who elects these idiots
Santorum is the dumbest POS to ever walk the Earth
Yep... pic.twitter.com/AOPg7OoDqt
First thing that popped into my head when I saw him this morning. Am I bad to have thought that, god?
We all thought this my friend.
Theres nothing as effective as performing CPR to close a bullet wound.
These kids are squeezing the GOP and the NRA so tight that liquid stupid is oozing out...
So says God. So let it be written....
Guys like this are why my father built the Phantom Zone.
All of which I endorse, BTW. You do you or him or her or anyone in the bedrooms, Jesus says.
Lol that is a parody account, the assholes who use god to start wars are the people who believe that god exists and that he gave them instructions to do so. Hell, organized religions have carved a blood stained path across human history with all the violence they have incited.
Here's the backstory on it all.https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2010/09/rick-santorum-google-problem-dan-savage/ …
Maybe he should champion that school that gives kids buckets of rocks to throw at active shooters, seems the kind of old testament christian platform he could get behind.
Two stupid ideas out of PA: Bucket of rocks as a defense and Santorum. I can say this as I am from PA.
Oh sure, God. Steal my thunder. It's not like I'm your chosen one, blessed be Bieb.https://twitter.com/PERSlSTERS/status/977946293661323264 …
Ok, Rick Santorum. Now we have no choice but to teach the #NeverAgain activists the meaning of your name. Santorum, noun, The frothy mixture of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes the byproduct of anal sex. Seriously. Google it.
this is still the only thing i think when i hear Santorum.
@RickSantorum should earn the title of DICK OF THE WEEK for his CPR comment.
My God, WTF is wrong with people? Instead of doing something to stop this horror this POS says they should take CPR bc they’ll need it. F@@k you @RickSantorum. Forgive me God
Finally, a god I can believe in!
Omniscience for the win.
So sayeth the Lord our GOD this blessed Palm Sunday. Amen.
Today’s Twitter winner. Go God!
pic.twitter.com/FgUNMfPLLS
Rick pissed God off.
That's what I call a visual aid. One that won't soon leave my head.
NRA money talks! Meanwhile let's just sit here with our thoughts, prayers, & cpr classes Let him enjoy his $3.3 million! (And probably a bonus from the kremlin via terrorist org. NRA) SO TRANSPARENT @RickSantorum !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Way to represent!!!
He's going to get voted out. They all are.
The jig is up!!!
Well, yeah, he is already gone, but you get the point.
I meant the whole ugly jig with all the NRARussiaMercer puppets; we're onto them, more importantly Mueller is onto them
Oh yes, I agree. And this new movement is going to accomplish what no one else has been able to.
Right on
EWW..that must be hetero anal sex -- Gays know how to take care of things before hand, so that doesn't happen. We dont' want any "santorums"on our sheets or comforter.
I want this added to the @urbandictionary right now!pic.twitter.com/KgKmjJjsdm
It was added to the urban dictionary in 2003!BUT, it's wrong. WE ARE MUCH CLEANER THAN THAT.That sh*t is just nasty. Have these people never heard of pre-sex enemas? It's just a fact of life with gay men -- & I never want to meet the guy who doesn't. https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=santorum&page=2 …
It's really in there??? Runs to check
See @fakedansavage didn’t make this up, he learned it in seminary. God has spoken! @bewaremysting @iamAtheistGirl
Miriam Webster
if kids had a class to learn cpr, the gop would have cut funding to it by now.
The kids aren't stopping, the momentum of change is NOW. Hope his kids are not the apple that doesn't fall far but the seeds of change that come out of it. #DouchebagOfTheDay
Methinks the frothy matter takes offense to any comparison with Insantorum.
Dan Savage will dine out on this achievement for the rest of his life.
Santorum! :pic.twitter.com/ALmHrZe07z
There are some things you spend time trying to forget. Then, God goes and fucks it up. Thanks, God.
Sounds like he’s writing for the Onion
Don’t take away our second amendment rights. Ban all guns except muskets.
Cmon God, it’s fucking tea time here
Well tRump did just announce a Greek holiday.
You reading my tweets?? Good ol' Dan Savage.pic.twitter.com/qvK7LBTBUZ
You created this lube, for Christ’s sake. Do better next time!
Paul Ryan and Scott Walker and Mitch McConnell all need definitions.
OMG is it a sin if I LOL’ed at this tweet?
How is this moron still in politics?
I believe the term you're looking for is, "truffle butter"
God can be gross, but accurate
Dear God.... can't You in Your wisdom, do something about about this wanker??
God, you need to switch to Astrolube @astrolube
Many of the victims shot 5 6 7 times. Only an assault weapon can move thru a crowd doing that much damage, killing 13 15 17 20 58 ppl. Owners of magazine and belt fed weapons needs to licensed and keep them in a gun safe.
Is that your theory of how the universe was created?
Well, We'll just write it down that you don't believe in First Aid and CPR when that massive deadly heart attack hits you. Yeah, First aid and CPR is the devil's sorcery that is so useless in real life. Let's get rid of EMTS and Ambulances and their fake imaginary jobs
Huh?
Ah, wittle girl can't wead...
I read just fine. I’m an ER/Trauma Nurse plus I’ve been a paramedic so if your trying to insult me it didn’t work. Your statement makes no sense because CPR is not needed when you have a massive hemorrhage from an AK. CPR is for sudden cardiac arrest.
Seriously? What is your point in name calling.
@DocHolday1977 needs to go away. What is the person arguing about what the issue is kids dying in schools. Must be a bot.
https://youtu.be/KZgJlqDgBGY 
Truffle Butter! cc @RickSantorum
Right up there with Nunes who is trying to blow up the entire Justice department.
He's not that appetizing.
Praise God.
Goodness, God! You take things even further than I do! I officially approve of your message...and agree. Santorum is butt scum.
God you are being way too kind to Rick.
That would now be Feltch Santorum
Yep! That's about all that is left
CPR really doesn’t help someone with a bullet thru their throat,
thank you, God
Good God,God!
Perfect
I apparently don't know how to do this stuff. I really didn't like God's comment. It seemed beneath even my somewhat casual understanding of the Almighty. But I don't seem to be able to delete it. However, Rick Santorum needs to be held accountable for his statement.
Ye Gods!
Thank you for Dan Savage, Lord.
Rick Santorum wants kids to SHUT UP AND TAKE A BULLET so he and his buddies can take money from gun lobbyists? Rick Santorum might need to be locked away as a matter of national security.
God that's gross
You ARE the real Lord!
Frothy Mix Santorum with the emphasis on fecal matter After all, a turd is a
I really did spit out coffee reading this.
Ahhh! A classic! Well played, God!
I blame you God
I can punch him in the nose so hard he'll need CPR!
pic.twitter.com/Azsg1qAfjt
Omg this thread.... I shall not retweet
conceding to these mass slaughters as inevitabilities is all this is....maybe if we paid them like pro athletes (while outlawing all forms of bribery) we'd get a better class of politician because those like Santorum are clearly not that.
pic.twitter.com/qsMtRvbJZJ
@CollinStetzner
Yeah great tip, Rick. Please convince every single GOP politician, including the Donald, to use it on the campaign trail
This kids certainly are NOT looking for someone else the blame or look to fix their problems. It would be nice if the kids only concern was COR training, but adults have been letting them down for decades.
Never really lost that quality, even after being turfed out of his seat.
Strike him down!
I get CPR certified annually. Unless it changed drastically in 2018, there is no "fix this gunshot wound" step between rescue breaths and compressions.
God has spoken
If Dana Loesch gave birth to a propaganda robot it would be this guy, making this statement
Is that still trending on Goggle?
Wasn’t aware of that. Thanks for sharing your expertise God
Geezus.pic.twitter.com/QYwgJ7iKKe
.Apostle Rick: #CPR - as in Christ Paradise Resuscitation? Hey, Kids, ya might gunned down, but at least you'll be with Jesus after Sanctorum's CPR!pic.twitter.com/GOKVKRWky3
Samtorum the sick product of this union? * Check HRC! pic.twitter.com/8InERqorLJ
What the, santorum is his problem? CPR classes? Do these fools realize when they talk that ppl can HEAR them? DAMMIT
Thanks god.
This the simple reason why he’s not re-elected senator after a term! Yo dumb as a nail!
Shuzz
What a douche. Amen.
There is an official name for that, Sir. As you probably know
Yes God, could you please make it so that the small children at the elementary schools know how to do CPR on their fellow classmates...good grief...pic.twitter.com/PYwYelOUgm
Rick should show us how CPR helps; let him take a few rounds of an AR-15 and then have family administer CPR to him.
Oh, god! You know how to get down and dirty, LOL!
pic.twitter.com/qwca4W5dj5
I think you should award Dan Savage a sainthood for that.
Is this why Rick Sanitarium only made 1term in PA? He should look into a CPR class-might need a 2nd job when his comedy tour is over
GOD IS GREAT
You tell em God!!
Now , how do you know that EXACTLY Lord? I mean I agree but .... are you watching porn up there ? Or..... GASP.... are you a voyeur ?
Me Frothy @RickSantorum in a few years these “kids” will own your soul & bank account when they vote your kind out.
Dear god.
Haven't you ever watched Baywatch?? CPR can save lives and repair AR-15 wounds.
Praise the lord
Oh God!
Ewwwwwww! Although, to be fair that's exactly what I say when I think about Rick Santorum....so, spot on I guess.
Ppl stop breathing, consensus = CPR to help. So maybe gun consensus = not selling guns in all stores, age restrictions & background checks.
He someone whose #TimeIsUp.
pic.twitter.com/mgg97lAXCg
Ewwww
pic.twitter.com/E5bFaGxmQE
Just a thought, but as God, are you now endorsing anal sex? And if so is this exclusive to man to woman or inclusive of same sex buggery which would, as you know, go against what's written in your good book?
Will do but I think He's a bit busy dealing with the fall out of the Australian cricket captain admitting to cheating!
That's called truffle butter, God. You should know, you created it.
GOD!
Truffle butter anyone?
I hear he was conceived that way...
*plays “truffle butter” on blast*
Lol
I had to borrow this line for another Santorum feed...
pic.twitter.com/02aM85kx8m
pic.twitter.com/rlE941KeuW
@fakedansavage and so it goes
Met with befuddlement???? Seriously?? He should be met with men in white coats #March4OurLives
dude you are killin and disgusting me at the same time
He musta been a lousy father as his kids were growing up, and didn’t even help his wife with a diaper change #wheredoestheGOPfindtheseidiots
Oh god!
Well said!
Please God take him and all the rest of the so called conservative Christians up to Heaven and the send them straight to hell. They had it too good down here. Time to total their bill.
No Santorum. They are looking for Congress to do their jobs. Like it or not there are things government is supposed to do. I think protecting our kids from military grade weapons falls under, at least, "ensuring domestic tranquility."
Wow harsh. Maybe he can fix it with CPR.
Why df does “God” only follow @justinbieber this is amazing
@seasicknoah
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich Rick "SCUMBAG" Satoryum cares only about "what is in it for him". YAHWEH, move him to the top of Your SMITE list. SMITE SMITE
Keeping it real but still, gross God!pic.twitter.com/nUOC0QmTSG
Hot sex. Pray the FSM my dear, our saviour!
Oh God!
Rick Santorum.pic.twitter.com/oZyHZdtR9R
#buttjelly
Ha ha God called him “truffle butter”!!!
Poofter's Froth!
If your real wants my real name ???????
God is right this time
Excuse me but this https://twitter.com/millenniel_matt/status/978087331818242048?s=21 … is why he is saying that.
Emma Gonzalez admits to bullying School Shooter Nikolas Cruz And Says She Was Justified In Doing So. #ParklandShooting #MarchForOurLives pic.twitter.com/bgJg9gD4FY

Thank You God
...almost made me choke on that last sip of coffee!pic.twitter.com/TB1vQPgMSB
Ain't that the truth.
OMG! I laughed way too hard!
Since I first heard that definition of Santorum it’s what I think of whenever I see a coffee drink with cream or foam on it. Good thing I’m just a simple black-coffee guy.
Lazy kids are looking to adults to solve their gun problems and murders in the schools.
That's right --- F___k off @RickSantorumhttps://www.motherjones.com/politics/2010/09/rick-santorum-google-problem-dan-savage/ …
Well I suppose they need to be trained in CPR so they can save their classmates lives
You're doing *your* work.pic.twitter.com/OqwhEHjcUZ
“CPR inevitably leads to bestiality.” RS
God shouldn’t talk like that!
Jesus Christ, God.
Ouch!
He knows nothing
but true
God, can you please arrange a Larry Craig type undoing of this turd? You know, Luke 8:17 and all that. Thanking you in advance, your humble servant, sometimes, -Bob
Thank you for this and thank you Dan Savage for providing an apt definition for Santorum.
God keepin it real out here
Solving our problem is literally his only job!
pic.twitter.com/REb3ZWWAjo
Santorum is a man who lives up to his name.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce54htn2q/5n9qr …
