God send me ur account details. So that I can pray for money to fall into the account. Don't u believe in prayers?
Don’t send him money... come see me instead bitches 
L o l
hehehe
Hey god, can I ask you a question? If I touch my penis, will I get an erection?
God would know the period goes inside quote marks.
But if God does it another way, it changes
It’s not a proper quotation. Those are technically being used as air quotes.
Since God is non-material aren’t all of his/her quotes “air quotes”?
You mean "air quotes?"
No. Because question marks and exclamation points follow the rules you’d expect them to. It’s those tiny periods and commas that are the exception.
Damn, Suzen do you need a hug?  Who invited the party police?  I bet you were a blast in college.
I’ve been joking here and with God in DMs all day, but thanks for your need to characterize my entire life based on a tweet.
Lol god... you're soo funny! Lmao
More commonly referred to as a “God Complex,” Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD) is characterized by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders as “a pervasive pattern of grandiosity, need for admiration, and a lack of empathy.” You are in urgent need of help.
Playing For God...?

Well..Well..Well...

I Hope U Have Fun...

Wolverine Wants To Play With You, He Says...
All powerful and mysterious God can you get rid of my student debt? 

Thanks
Manny just pray. Apparently it works.
I’ll try!
I thought you just did.
Thomas is correct. He asked God to do him a favour. That's what prayer is, right?
I’ll accept anyone you send down so be careful, measly humans
I lost you on that last part the rest was fine.
Nice, straight forward spoof from tv evangelicals. That's exactly how they are! xD
..no hay ni uno bueno..
:)))
Please bless my account it is empty and you know it
You’re not God, I am
What does God need with a bank account?
Doesn't work like that. You need to burn the cash so it can reach Him.
He didn't exactly specify that, though...
Where are you going to keep it? You don't have any pockets!!! Or do you???
Wow, acting a little testy today, are we, God? I was just talking to Dante and he assured me it doesn’t actually work that way. Depends on what you’re in for. But you already know that. Try to have a nice day.
No.
LOL !!!
Will u accept money from atheists too ?
If u r god then u shoud give money nt me..
Weyrey leleyii o
Hey God who is your God?
Now we know God is a poor God, we will never pray to u for financial help.
Do you take Rubles?
Fuck offfff
I on it's way my Lord.
Shouldn’t we just give all our money to your human representatives, oh Lord...?
Mansions & private jets don’t pay for themselves. Jeez God it’s like you aren’t even real.
Exactly! These wonderful televangelists deserve all the needy people’s money!
Eyelashes and wigs aren’t cheap y’all. Donate more!
Wow! How lucky is he to have been born with such natural good looks!

It’s easier to fool people, than to convince them they have been fooled. Whyyyy.
Some people would rather live in a fool’s paradise than face the reality of their existence. Sad, but true.
Remember this then do ya???!

Why? - Do you need to buy a fire extinguisher?
No need, they already put one next to the actual Burning Bush on Mt. Sinai (true story!). You know, in case it happens again...
God doesn't need money he/she doesnot need money
We don't know his/her gender

Did you know this so called God is following @justinbieber!?.. Another false prophet.
You didn't get the word? You have been replaced by money and false platitudes, sorry
@IlonenOlli
Send your ac no
Speaking of money, Lordy, how come you & your begotten son never charged anyone a dime while guiding & blessing them? However, those who “preach” your son’s gospel have been charging folks tons ofLet me know if you have any answers to my question. May you bless you.
Money for what?
If you are God then why need money?
I left my wallet in the flaming pit of feces. Next time bruh.
...do you accept bit-coin ?
Wave your magic wand, all the money you need will be there.
This works in India, not in other parts of the world
Does God need money? Really??????
If u Send me something i Will share 
Jajaja @poppytorres_
Djancooook
@saidiman God no need money & God not die

After yiu
God! you are broke 
What the Bible teaches about this:
Yes Lord!!!
FO...
Yes,you are right,I am also  God but I don't need money from anyone .
I didn't believe you until that last bit...
I never looked at it that way before...
What's you're address? Heaven? Got it. 100 shekels on the way!
I WILL NOT send you money until you pay me for walking those 900 miles!
Will you accept drugs, instead?
Do you accept $BTC?
sure “GOD” ... here 
Paytm???
Sure I will. Are you going to put your banking information here? 
Thank you God for recognising that you are the God with out money.
Do you accept Bitcoin.
What’s your PayPal?
We are just printing some. Will send you soon. Which do you prefer, US, EUR, YEN ...
Do you prefer prayers or DMs? It's just that I have this embarrassing thing.
What's the account number, oh you, my mighty savior?!
Do you accept Monopoly money?
same question i asked the waitress after having a pricey meal on valentine's day with my gf
Joel osteen in summary?
Seems legit.
How much
I didn't know god was queer until I found your a/c 
I am Satan. I am far more fun and will beat God by 10% on any of her offers.
Think once, think twice, think Satan.
Seems legit :)
I’m not buying the idea that you’re God, but I figure you’ve got as much chance of channeling a Higher Being as hacks like Osteen or Falwell or Graham do. 

And a hell of a lot more compassion
How much?
I can't get enough of this account 
Gotta have an address, my man.
You should create a Patreon account, O Lord of Hosts. Betcha you could make bank.
Haha Jim Baller, caught you again! Where's Tammy? There is an open tube of mascara on the counter....
I don't believe in you; yet here you claim to be. How does one reconcile? Make your own damned money!
Where to and how much????
We bought your new book, what more do you want?
The joke is costly.
You joke too much
I prayed to my Lord God Almighty Ultraman and see what I got?
What will you give me for praying to you?  LOL....
M*THER F*CKER 
God that is now begging money ..
Have mercy...
Hi god, I know I’ve been naughty pls forgive me amen
You first get burnt properly .
Hey if U've received lot of money lend me some. Banks will gradually become difficult to deal with.
Lemme get my credit card
I wonder if the number that followed your word via Twitter overtook the number that followed your word in that old book you wrote if we could all just then be done with the book already and listen to your current thoughts?
Seems legit
Dip shit
How much?

Yep. That’s the real GOD alright.
All I have is bitcoin
The check’s in the mail. 
This is not a joke.
The check really is in the mail.
Pat Robertson, is that you?
Jajajajajjjj
Sounds like church
God, I have a question regarding indulgences I purchased from the Catholic church in a past life: does that money go directly to you, or is it more of a pyramid scheme?
God dammit God.  Stop drinking all the blood of Christ
not unless you send me a kickback.
I am the devil ......now what...shud the world bend over and take it up the rear
Something is wrong with people who want to ridicule people of faith. I think it is a deep longing and jealousy of what they can't attain for themselves, it has to come from God, faith.

WTF is dz...... Dz handler need to repent
  Don't take it too seriously my dear
Hard-dick or soft lips with bushes will work!!
God, is there a casual but excellent jazz club with an eternal free supply of cocktails at the bar in the afterlife? Just askin':)
What kind of coward and petulant is hiding behind this account? Shame.
Longest god tweeter break
 you’re God so you own ALL money. No need to send you what you already have 
No money for you.
Why are you white!!!!!
@RBI Tell Him To Link His Aadhar Card First So we Can send Him Money
What kind of blasphemy is this ! Pliz don't play with God' s name ! Calling yourself God ?PliZ stop this immediately !
Your are a fake. God would never Tweet "bit". He would know the period goes inside the quotation marks as "bit." Shame on you!
“Money”. There you go. And it’s just as real as you. :-)
Do you accept Bitcoin?
Burning it for you now!
I'm bod
Funny
For I am a jealous @God! There is no Twitter but my Twitter and thou shalt worship no other social media account! Grrrr! Wailing and gnashing of teeth!
My Lord ,Turn water into wine and then sell it
Now look here, we need to share this twitter thing like we do with the Americans. You have the American Indians and I have the rest
@rickygervais has all the money you'll need.
There is no God.
Praise thee
Ha ha ha
Hey "Fake God" real god here so you know why Jesus died?? No one does the bible says so!! The world isn't a straight answer..Well Jesus died for Me 'Sco tttt Ac unto this world"God"
Sco ttt ac unto the world.. Freaking A just letting know OK fake god
Your god I'm god wth Jesus imma have a talk with you in the cross later!!!!
Exactly!!!
This is actually how religion works.
Is your Bank account linked with aadhar??
Yeah sure!
 good one god!
Nice try, the real god is down town on with a ducttaped tophat
1/4 of all our earnings go to the lord. Intermediaries include pat robertson and joel ostein.
Is there a job for an angel available?
You're not real.
U r already taking 10% every month
Not sure Joel O'Steen can stand the competition for dollars.
Why?
So glad to see you're a suicidal tendencies fan.
Wait wait. I thought you communicated telepathically. Why doest thou need a Twitter account?  You are so damned inconstant, dude!
I gave at the offering....
 God asking for money tht funny AF
How much & where do I send it? 
oh wo to jal gaye...(oh shit it burnt already with me)
You must kidding me,God.
ये तो बहुत ही अच्छीबात है!

Do you take food stamp?

Is the address a small but extremely wealthy city in Rome?
Oh, good!  There You are!  Been meaning to talk to you about a job. I'm torn between applying for the position of bouncer at the Pearly Gates or Laugh Track Tech at the gates of hell...probably a different HR dept for that one, though, huh...
Pic or it didnt happen
Yeah okay @verified can you please confirm his claim.
Oh Lord accept me as your PA....
Someone needs to do the accounting for the 'moolah'....
K
I’m a angel and I don’t ask for money. What’s wrong ? 
Sending thoughts and prayers...
Amen & halleluah!
Dear God, Please keep Jeff Sessions out of my business! 
 aaaah jijo
Father forgive me for I am an atheist...
In the words of George Carlin: "All powerful, all knowing... just can't handle money..."
This is basically how every single church operates
Do you take ethereum?
Please give me you credit card number, expiration date, name on the card and CVV -number, so that i can transfer money to you asap.
Do you want it in small bills?
yeah I asked for some the other day he said Go to church they give you any amount t to leave or wait five minutes some one will drop some on to a plate for ya
Is your alter ego Franklin Graham or fat huckabee
https://youtu.be/N-akMDclxds 
Check out
Do you know Joel Olsteen?? He uyses the same schtick!!
God is White, hehe
Create your own money
What's your ETH address?
Just have divine access to bitcoin.
You know, you look a lot like a certain guy, a Hollywood star: @HamillHimself.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
