You should have thought of that before, Mr Infallible.
God. Try NickyDs Wood Fired Pizza Santa Barbara CA. You’ll get over regrets it’s that good. Ciao.
Oh you're funny. Nothing wrong with self promotion I guess. Your pizza looks delicious. Will try to stop by on my next trip to LA.
Thx. See YA!
Lie
Don't worry. Humans are taking care of that, admittedly a lot slower than the six days it took you to create. Maybe that's why you did such an awful job, at least with humans. You didn't take enough time to think things thru, such as humans' insatiable greed.
As you should God... you see this mess? As you should
Obviously
Why? It’s not all effed-up. You do great work on the cosmic scale.
Feel free to send another genocide flood our way. The human race is a disgusting smudge on the earth.
And time travel or creation would not be this version....WAIT...just do not do Earth! OR BETTER not do humans! WAIT! just not CAPITALISM! OK OK OK 
No one see UNIVERSE = who cares? Humans see Humans see Universe= who cares!
A.I. see Universe... see duty to LIFE to carry + seed.
The cat was out of the bag and you couldn't put it back?
This is the greatest misconception of yours that you are one behind this creation.
Regards
can tell me/twitter about the things you don't regret?
Getting a dog.
Best decision of my life.
same. my fave pic of floppy chops (Nana) and tiny paws (@BrandoTheDog ) is attached.
Thats my munchkin (Richie) requesting food offerings for his immense cuteness and protection (he received them)
as well he should have!! He's precious and adorable to the nth!
Well sorry to say u can do nothing about it now
It means you regret your birth too Sire. 
Regards
This is the point. The creator decided your destiny.
Everything and everybody are insects once he decided.

Wow! You kill me 
LOL
I guess @elonmusk is taking care of it .. 
Isn't it just like satan to pretend to be the only #God who's name is #Jesus ? Only the #Christ is the sole #Creator of #Mankind. It is a paramount affront & provocation to God to mock Him claiming He regrets Creation as though you are Him and know Him when you know Him not.
Biggest regret is the Javerbaum family coming into existence, surely.
But Lord u already expressed ur regret in the Quran.
i think we done alreet
God is not Pro-creation !
But the world was created by @superstarrajini not you!
You mean ragert
Lamfo 
An error in your typing you should have said Ae instead of Be .. Im jesting creation is perfect in its imperfection
You'll walk it off, God. We all make mistakes
What have you created so far? #wannabeGod
You had one job! 
Human creation
and we don’t blame you. Well, actually we do
This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
And no one is going to get this reference. Well played sir.
I would posit that you did get the reference, based on your comment. Meaning that someone did, sir.
Touche'  but I bet we are a limited few.
omg I think I love you.

你只是创造了相信你的人。
#HappyValentinesDay Mighty ominpotence !
Tell me about it!
what？
3 days. No tweets. All good up there mate?
Same
Forgive you this time but don't do it again
It has been widely reguarded as your greatest mistake.
GOD(YAHWEH) Thank-You Rich 
YAHWEH, Before You start SMITING us, please, please
give us a 2nd chance.  AMEN   SMITE   AMEN
How about a daughter next time!
Do Your have any other Sons? This is not working out.
Yours our ours?
Had some great nights in the pub that TOTALLY  justify creation.
You created your own regret.
What about everything else...wait.
Should have used protection before you 'came' in your universe
You made cannabis....
Hi
In the beginning, God created the earth and rested. 
Then God created Man and rested. 
Then God created Woman. 
Since then, neither God nor Man has rested
My only regret... is that i have... boneitis.
Dear God, grant me the patient, please. ASAP
What were you thinking?
Look at the bright side, you created us with a sovereign mind and blissfully ignorant of your existence. A lot of us gave that back.
MY only regret is BEING created haha
You admitted your biggest mistake ever 
Try evolution dude, its less effort
Stop being so cynical and try being a role model, God.  We need some hope here.
And I will set up shepherds over them which shall feed them: and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they be lacking, saith the LORD. 
Jeremiah 23:4
Probably would have worked out if you made your reverse name in charge.
Why don't you try recreation?
That’s what she said
Why must you pretend to be God, when I am he! How dare you taunt me! Watch what I can do!.....
God is only in your mind. Open it up!
Made by Human's twitter~ 
A bit harsh on Alan McGee...Is it a family thing? #jesusandmarychain
Haha
especially the creation of donald trump. way to go buddy. 
Is that why you killed of the dinosaurs?
So as mine
Did you do a computer model analysis before you started? Jesus, God, what were you thinking?
Sure seems we are evolving into 2 different species now, one with brain.  one without. Please try out that rapture thing on those 38%. Then we'll know you really exist
Should have just stuck with creating animals
Well said!!
Fair
Please destroy it all starting with everyone who voted for @realDonaldTrump while using you as a shield
Human's only regret is creating God.
Shut up ya feckin' almighty eejit !

Had you not done 'creation' you'd have missed out on the game of 'Is he coming to me or is Old Nick having him ?'

 or 
That’s a biggie
I wish u were real...
Oh come on old wise one, you created me...smart move. Take the next 6 weeks off as a reward for a jib well done creating me.
I know you promised not to do another flood, but maybe it’s time to rethink that promise. #OldTestamentStyle
and the cockroach
in your own image -- so you regret oneselfie
Really? What about Joe Pasquale?
Why not “Feliz Navidad”? There’s room on the ark for that too, you know.
Was going to talk with you about that
When you tryna make ramen, and somehow burn the house down...
Yeah. You fd that up good.
We still got mountains rivers oceans trees for little bit anyway. Maybe little love out there. Oh ya and dank herb definitely
Or just Trump. Creation was pretty spectacular, then, there was #thedonald and all hell broke lose. #makethewhitehousegreatagain
Not the neck tattoo?
-ism
there is no space for regret when you can undo what you have done
Anything specific: like leaving all that weed lying around from the skull bong you hit on the 6th day, so you had to create Republicans, or just in general?
Can you #uncreate?
Yeah. What the heck were you thinking?!
Mine too!
Amen
just human :)
Yeah u certainly fucked that one up 
That's the same thing my dad said to me 
Nah.. just opposable thumbs.
Seems more like a regurgitation than a creation
 lol. Good one
Agree
God follows only one, the one and only Justin Bieber! Any reason @TweetOfGodd ?
Ours too.
Obviously hasn't seen any cat videos. Was totally worth it.
You know you’d have been lonely without us.
It was a bit silly of you
Amén-digo! 
Fake News
Back on form 
No second thoughts about "th' Apostate Angel"?
Yeah.. i sorry for the pauls
And Utd fans.........
You should have listened to your subordinates.
You did such good things like atheism too
Shouldn't that be the creation of Man ?
TBF the rest of it is pretty decent.

F*CK u B*STARD 
Then you will be pleased that we are in the process of wiping the slate clean for you! #ClimateEmergency #anthropocene
It is still called procreation and not concreation. 
@TheTweetOfGod is only following of @justinbieber
We would be much better off without you.
all of it? 
Now that’s sad
Please correct that by Destruction.... So Easy to Fix!
Clean your brushes. Lots of bleach. Paint over. Absolutely no orange on your pallet.
Offering rapture insurance since there is no way I’ll be raptured pay me $1,000 a month from now til rapture and I promise to take care of your pets and property when you’re gone. #NotAScam #RaptureInsurance #YouCanTrustMe
Is this a parody account?
Prolly just a glitch, have u tried unplugging it and plugging it back in again?
Idk man I’m watching women’s I w hockey and they’re all so butch and mean I feel pretty good rn
Ice* hockey
Have you not thought about the fact that you are Creation itself?  So by your own argument, I suspect you should probably just vanish in a puff of logic, proof that your only real Creation was regret.

As long as it’s only that
Playing godman is a profitable business. Isn't it??

When one is drunk or suffering from pshysofania such godly tweet come from self proclaimed God

अबे ज्यादा पीली है क्या।  consult a doctor 
My only regret is believing on you...
Because you did such a bad job
Mankind’s regret is creating you!
You mean the 6th day. Products of first 5 have done pretty good.
It's too late to say sorry
Feels like you are just phoning it in.  You need some inspiration. Here it goes - Joel Osteen. Now go
Without Creation You wouldn't be - and besides that, You would be so bored with Yourself that You just couldn't resist Creation and that is why You decided to split Yourself up billions of times and more so that we all can share in Your Creativity and Create with You forevermore.
Bullshit
?
He's full of It.
Who?
@TheTweetOfGod .
It’s Monday morning n I’ve nor got the time or energy for this. Get a sense of humour
Then stop responding.
On Genesis God you've created the heavens and earth with Human beings. universe, and all life on earth. so People must giving safety about your innovations. Don't regret for your creation Nebiouy They took out & murdered him at Galafi Ethio-Djibouty Border. They told us lies.
But we have evolution!
DECREATE

Understandable
Ouch.
You didn’t help us!!!!! Why??? Ass???? You just had to didn’t you??
And our only regret is working on a Monday
Cocked it right up! Seemed like a good idea at the time I’m sure.
What about Lord Xenu?
My only disappointment is humanity.
if regret is creation, then would not have this many follower  today
You need cremation now
You're stuck with that. No one to blame.
Oh honey, how could you have known.? Oh wait, you’re God.
Read Ýog Vasishta' . T
Retweet to all your 4M plus followers. 
No 'GUNAs' for God
Well, God, you drowned the world once.  Didn't you see this coming?
Oh for fucks sake! Only O.N.E.
Wat about Trump?
Agreed
a big mistake father!
not stinkbugs?
Well, my only creations have been regrets....
Us too
As it should be...
And my only creation is regret.(human)
Creatine*
Lighten up.
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
