What about Australians? Our gun laws are pretty good, and we have lots of good dogs.
But what about the babies?

Kidding, kidding. I just couldn’t resist. 
You eat one baby, one time...
...and you never hear the end of it. 

I, for one, welcome my Aussie overlords with your beautiful cattle dogs. They’re supposed to be one of the smartest breeds of dogs.
This is Wyatt. Wyatt could have run the world.
Wyatt would make a great President. Rocket could be his Deputy, as long as there’s lots of treats and nap time.
We may need to drugs test Rocket. Just sayin...
He’s just smiling because he’s at his favourite cafe.
We have a province named after two dog breeds to be fair
The dog breeds are named after the province....
Yeah I worded that wrong
This is harder than I thought it would be
Agree! Any country but my own....sad to have to say that.
This Canadian dog named Clementine is up for the challenge. She represents all that Canada is: loving, plays with well with others, friendly, caring, shares and treats all well, especially those smaller than her 
Dylan is ready to be of service. He's Canadian too!
That face!
I prefer cats and vaginas ^___^
Str8 up tho..Canadians are f!cking awesome people 
Nothin’ but love for you, Dave. 
#Respect
Hold that thought until you see some fat guy from Quebec in a Speedo down there
Dogs and Canadians are no better than the rest of this world!
Uh, not so crazy about Canadians. Would hate to spend eternity putting up with Celine Dion. Altho Downchild Blues Band I can dig.
True.
I’m with you on the dogs bit
Whats the difference
Dog's ain't allowed to shit on the floor
Why tf not
Woof, eh. 
Were you on meds the day you created @JustinTrudeau ?
you look like a headache, ain't seen nothing yet ay
and Hamsters.
And robots
I am a Canadian. Thank you bud
Talking dogs and steaks

But not Canadians from Toronto
Or Quebec 
God is love! Dogs are love! 
Canadians are love? Nooo!
In that order? As a Canadian I'm curious.
Let's discuss that and make sure the dogs are included in the conversation... and parades!
Dear God: I know you mean well. I am a Canadian, and there are a whole bunch of us I don't ant running the world. Problem is, most of those Canadians are running various levels of Government & several large corporations. I think you need to be more specific. #cdnpoli
*good dogs and Canadians that aren't french.

Wow. That emoji even looks French. 
That's the sarah sanders smoking.
Damn autocorrect - emoji......
And Irish people 
with you on that one
Love Canada and Canadians. And they have the most beautiful anthem too, hands down.
Absolutely agree! Jasper should be the minister of shelters and food
Beautiful dog.
Thank you God, that the world should NOT be run by bloodthirsty NRA Americans.
Thanks God...
Ohhhh canandaaaaa
Sorry.
Oh dear @TthetweetOfGod - Canada is the Money laundering capital of North America, and offshore tax havens are rampant. The govt is doing NOTHING because they're profiting from it.

Canada is a CESSPOOL of corruption.

#Snowwashing #TheVancouverModel @Vanre #bcpoli #cdnpoli
Yay Canada! 
Cats  too, right god?
But Canadians won’t let you order your steak how you want it! (Rare, Med Rare, Med, etc)
Oh yes we do. Including blue 
God backward = dog.
Canadian backward = naidanac  #Coincidence?
How do you know God? #impressive
He just showed up one day after i called his name.    Many times.
Loudly.

While golfing. 
#AndOnThe8thDayThereWereDoubleBogeys
Freaking hilarious!  
I agree. PS. I'm not a dog. I'm a Canadian.
You’d be cooler if you were a dog
Dogs and Canadians, living together? Mass hysteria, eh!

One can only eat so much 
poutine.
Oh no. There are so very many types of poutine now.
It's still just French fries and gravy basically. Eh?
Yes but with added meats. Different cheeses. I heard there is a perogie type too
We make pierogi for Wigilia! Never thought they'd be used in poutine!
Lmao
And women
Amen
… I thought the United States Congress and the executive branch was run by dogs… Note: I mean no offense to dogs…
Honestly tho
Not with our current Prime Minister... if you think Trump is an idiot, you haven't met our drama teacher in charge.
No.
I fear you've met too many dogs and not enough Canadians.
Sorry..... #PMS
NO WAY.....WHY CANADIANS HUH.....WHY NOT FINNS!
Wait -- it's *not*???
@BarackObama  nonstop against creation?
I respectfully disagree.  Cats alone.  No dogs.  No Canadians.
If dogs ruled the world, sniffing ppl’s butts would be expected & properties near fire hydrants would double in price.
shit everywhere but very apologetic aboot it, eh?
You know.
I LOVE this tweet sooooo much! And I'm not even from Canada! xD
Dogs DO run my world! 
Not so sure about the Canadians...
Wink...
world should follow ice dogs, #Trudeau nice visit to India with out dogs . #TrudeauInIndia
Cats and Minnesotans
I agree with this, except the dog part
No, I like the dogs, especially if Golden Retrievers.
Agreed 
lol gtfo Canadians 
Would you like to reconsider that after #Trudeau latest visit to India. #TrudeauInIndia #Canada
Yeah Canadian Dogs run the world
Dad?
"I'll take care of all that mess after my nap."
DOGS ARE CUTE GODS GOD THE FIRST YPU OKAY ALRIGHT WITH THAT
This Canadian dog already runs my life.... The world will be a piece of cake (bacon cake).....
@RalphMassullo
Maybe just dogs?
And WOMEN
You mean cats.  Cats and Canadians!
No
I'm down with Canada
Who would have thought, eh?!
Of course by Dogs - why Canadians???

No Canadians. Dogs only. WTF?
RIGHT? Why can't we have countries made from temperament/beliefs instead of geographical locations?Like all those who want peace, and watch Lilly Singh should be transported to their new country in a new location : like say, present day Thailand :P
It Is !!!   Flip the word God backwards and what do you get.....?
Canadians are wonderful people. But they don't seem very good at running things. It's the Swiss. The Swiss should run the world
You cannot argue with GOD
Maybe just dogs. And cats. ;)
LOLZ.
Still a better world than wannabe God. LMFAO 
Canada is run by dogs. The cats are in opposition right now.
Question: each of the following, dog or Canadian - 

1. Lassie
2. Trump
3. Dan Aykroyd
Dog and a Canadian, talking about killing two birds with one stone
Damn, this is sooo obvious! Cant believe I didn't think of it myself!!
Completely agree!
You can’t be real or you’d’ve admitted Cats rule the world.
Nope
Woman.
God, it will be in 20 years. Don’t blow our Canadian dogs’ dreams, they are good boys
Why Candaians ?
No, the Canadians will just make us eat poutine. Wait, I like poutine…..let the Canadians rule!

After this Tweet from God, I'm starting to weigh this whole Atheist thing I've been in for 51 years, as he's starting to make sense
Eeewww you are comparing Canadians with Dogs .. thats so sad and bad .. now a Jihad will be declared against you .. Mr God ..
Thought you were going to say Dogs and cats @sooznshmoozn
What’s that all aboot then?
Kyle. I feel like you don’t know any Canadians. Lol
Duke Pangrac 2020
@cpangrac @SteveMurk @JasonLiimatta @JerelLiimatta @etter_patrick @SmedyP @BergquistCasey #dreamticket
This is Mouse. Mouse is a Canadian dog. She definitely should run the world.
Buddy would be a calm and benevolent God.
God channeling his inner @dril
"Not sure I want to be nominated"
Think he looks like a safe pair of hands...
"NO! " -The Cats
Canadian dogs tho 
Exclude Turdeau.
True that :)
So an Iditarod sled team?
Just not the current government is Canadians are dealing with 
Well, dude, You have all the power or was that just a little BSing in your book.
 true that.
Canadians, not a prob! ♡
Oh.... and now you're anti-cat! Why, you heather, you cat-racist, you... you....   ;.)
Now I want to watch the littlest hobo episode on corner gas, thanks!
Pandas
Pandas arent tasty
Trash
Unless it's trudeau
Just dogs. I know what Canadians are capable of.

I suddenly found my faith again!
Oh wait, no, it was just
Probably dogs would be best :-)
Yes.
R'amen...
And women, strong black women.
Make it Canadian dogs: Newfoundlands, Labradors, all the Arctic dogs, and Prime Minister Hobo.
Never a fucking truer word ever spoken :)
Or Canadian dogs. Or cats, I like cats too. Probably more than dogs. Hope that doesn't offend any dog lovers.
It kind of does
Nope it should be run by Africans

It is!!
Hahahahaha!
God issued a correction. Even God can make a mistake...
Women and Australians
Yes just leave BC out there leader will put a damb in front of any kind of progress
depends on how you define "progress."
It already is, that’s why it is crap
Yasss you bump into us and we say sorry. "Oh damn shouldn't have been in your way, my bad eh"
What about cats?
The world should run on truth and be governed by it's principles! Period!
In that order.
Just not @JustinTrudeau …
Eh, no one is perfect, and I’ll take Trudeau over Harper any day of the week. But to each their own. 
Hsrper lying trudeauislam in canada
Speaking as a Canadian, I'm going to have to pass on that, but thanks for thinking of us.
@FatmaChaudhry yesh
Hahahaha have you seen the Canadian government??
Dogs yes, Canadians? If they give up their propensity to medicate normal humans in distress, I'll go there :))
I liked this, but would have to go with dogs on this one
@XlkrewlX
Why not Canadian dogs ?
It depends on which Canadian (if it’s Justin Trudeau we’re f***ed)
The older I get, the more I understand that we just don't deserve dogs.
I'm still working out my position on Canadians...
They’ve yet to formally apologise for Brian Adams and Celein Dion.
Labradors then.
Newfoundlands.
I'll add one more for this post
Because Of #Canada Is Safe In MANY WAYS!
Source Of NAT GEO MAGAZINE Vol.189,No.6 June 1996.
 Yes, and Australians too... you already run Banff National Park and it's pretty amazing! @EmLShort @BanffNP Also, you have awesome words for everything matey. 
Agrées....I am canadian
There is something I do know 
Dogs a Devine 
And Canadians are fine 
But the Llama is numero uno.
I have read Cannabis first
I accept.
Bonnie and Clyde agree.

Maybe just Canadian dogs?
Good point!
Yes. Amen
@NorseCove
LOLOL good one God, funniest thing I've heard today. Almost started believing in you again.
I’m sorry, woof
Yes, in that order.
Imagine the peace?!
Dogs would be perfect but cats must be vice-president...
Maize would make a great Ambassador for Canada ...she loves everyone 
Hello maple-sugar flavoured kibble.
Lol as a Canadian I thank you.
Amen
How about we give the women of the world a crack at it?
Honestly you don't remember Harper
Except Eugene Melnyk. He's a tool. #MelnykOut

He’s both, though he immigrated here from West Virginia via New Jersey.
Don't forget cats....tough as f**k!
But not @RachelNotley. She's a bully. #BCWine #ABWhine
I dunno. As a Canadian, I think Norwegians and dogs would be a better choice.
Some damn Canuck approves.
Cats > Dogs.
Make it so!
Yes, yes, yes!
Or dogs and Australia, we have good gun laws
Mothers of small children

and, elephants, please.
But YOU KNOW cats rule the world
no 'and' -- by Canadian Dogs
Nigel could run the world but would outlaw cats
And women!
Canadians have flappy heads and nobody would take them seriously 
I'm a Canadian and I think I love you!
 rules!
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
