2 Millions 
@paulwesley all i need is first @paulwesley and then fifty million dollars
I’ll be happy with just one million and tax free!

Testify!
Or a real God
Can you at least give me three million in cash? That would really help bud and lord.
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes ............
That won't buy a Senator anymore. Maybe a Congressman.
Let me go back and sleep
Who is this who said he is God. Don, t mock God.
I think this is Ricky gervais account
All I got is about treee fiddy
Now you talking!
If i win 50 millions, i would share it with 500 people....
sharing is the key of life
Hey bro
Oksalayo u not god
Who cares
I’d settle for a measly 10 million! Can’t be too greedy! 
I take 5.
That 'sometime' is decided by us :)?
सामाजिक न्याय ही देश की एकता का असली सूत्र
Sometimes!?
And a  spaceship to mars 
AIR 
or in 10 minutes $50m is....
Yes, please.
God,Did you make Money ???
I'd be pleased with $500,000
.....before, or after tax?............?what!?
Honestly, that’s too much. Five million sets me and my closest friends up for life with everything we want and need, as well as some to give back to the world. Fifty is just way too much, but that’s just me.
Laalchi buddha
This would be a good time. 
Hfvhjjuyy
Please God, I need them, now.
100 billion wouldn't hurt either 
??why tweet god @TheTweetOfGod picked $50M
Ask and you shall receive
Yep
Well, we decided to name it: “Infi Valeriana” which will have the wonderful effect to draw a beautiful smile in our faces for the rest of the year.
God. What about Puerto Rico?
Amen!
Amen.
“Yes to all”
God?
Will you give me some?
Got any change, my lord?
Or five million followers.
All of a sudden I believe in God again 
There i was thinking YOU had all the answers,(and vatican moneyl) and or numbers..ROTFLMFAO #Rotterdam
 So so true. It's a reality. It's exactly what I need
Have you calculated inflation?

Couldn't agree more. 
Even for YOU? Dear God?
Who is supposed to own everything in the universe!
Now, I am to you, like Me to my family,
Who often mistake me to be the ATM for all of them.
Is there something you can do about the Trumps?
maybe we should start small, like the Kardashians maybe...?
If you prove to me you're real I'll demonstrate my appreciation, shock and surprise by asking you for a payment of a mere 10%. You don't need to give me all of it.
I’ll settle for 1 mill
God gets me
But if school children donate $51M, it would be a trade war....
So money IS everything. Wow, is that 30 pieces of silver in today's dollars?
No no no ... I think fifty shades of gray will do actually 
So true! Just sometimes though.


I need more God 
Happened to me a bunch of times. Fortunately, there were always stupid people or con men or Russian oligarchs and even Deutsche Bank to lend me 50 million box. Thanks God.

Follow me God
Yip. Not poor, not to rich.

I would do anything you want me to do if you give me only 10% of 50 millions.
Dear God, please send me fifty million dollars. Amen
OMYou, I could totally use 50 million. Could you make it rain, God? Please and thanks.

So you might think  #cleanwater #nogmofood #friends #family
To build safe homes for the children of Millenials, without baby boomer “expertise” and those they taught to do likewise.
Hit me God!
From your lips to God's ear--- oh wait... 
Omniscient.
Because one million isn't enough
Or 49. Be grateful.
Honestly retweet
That’s small peanuts these days! Sure, some find that to be a significant amount of wealth, but in the scheme of things, it’s looking more and more like what one million dollars was back in the 90’s.
A-fucking-men to that! From your tweet to your ears. 
you have no idea
We are all gods childrens! Well guess what u owe my mom child support so my hand is out n i need a house and new trainers!
Just a small loan of a million would do
Sharing is caring! Ur supposed to be the nicest man ever..
Yes please god. And thanks in advance.
i need but i want my mom my dad cosher me


Or even more
Without taxes
"sometimes"
Yes! Especially on a Friday :-D xo
Why Friday specifically? More like everyday.
Pay the bills and go shopping on a Friday and have the rest of the week  off to decide on next Friday's philanthropic spending!
#ff @TheMadWasp 
Almost Birthday time :-D xo
That's exactly what i need. How do you know?
And some life
I'm sure there would be enough 'fifty million dollars' to go around if only some people weren't so greedy.
Even God knows
No, but the god didn’t help here on an ‘accidental rape’ -
It should be like always, not sometimes
I don't know man. This is what @DaveChappelle  did the last smthn like this happened.

You too, God?

Well I am not greedy, I reckon one mill will do nicely!!! (In my dreams!)
Please, GOD?  That is true. In my case, it doesn't even have to be fifty million dollars.
Amen
Sometimes? Really God? @TheTweetOfGod
$130k would do... And I'll keep my mouth shut about the whole thing.
One million dollars would be fine with me. How about it? I'll even pretend to believe in you if you like.
Can I borrow some ?
You would think
What profit would there be for one to gain the whole world and forfeit his life? Or what can one give in exchange for his life? Matthew 16:26
:(
Well r u giving fiftyyyy million ahhh it's a bad joke
A veces con medio millón alcanza.
Maybe You could cut us a rebate, and we'll deduct that other.

WhattaYa say?
If I have 50 million dollars, I still can not make Malaysia snowing…lol 
Yes I need it right now....

I’m ready
Give me
I'd be happy with a buck-three-eighty, and a slice of pie
God can i sell  your property in Vatican city to get 50 million dollars @TheTweetOfGod
To go bankrupt few times like @realDonaldTrump 
...but you'll settle for 20
God please
or $130,000
where is mine  0h wise one
Yes!!!!!
I M happy with 15L INR (as n when I get it) 
those who need them sometimes, they are actually need them badly everytime...
Huh.  Like I do now
Sometimes? I think always!
All I want is about tree-fiddy

Only?
I’d settle for a tenth of that (tax free).
I need it so much right now!!!! Please God almighty!!!!

I say that every damn day
Not sometimes I need it all the time
Sometimes?
Nope. 51 mil dollars.
I can negotiate with 49M. dollors
Well, bhagwan shri rajneesh said 100 mil, tops.
That only make sense to his disciples
Christ.  Definitely.
One million is enough for me 
So you are listening?
Ya
I’ll take one please. You know where to find me.
Can i have some rn? Doesn't have to be 50 million

49 million are ok as well
Please share your knowledge of how I can aquire 50 million dollars, Your Holiness, @TheTweetOfGod....
Stop it Justin
Ye$ dear God!

I just need about tree fiddy
No all you need is tree fiddy @SouthPark
Are you offering? If so, I accept.
I don’t believe You. I think I need the opportunity to prove whether that’s true or not
And a 10 inches dick...
'struth

Dear God, if you're listening, please let me win $50 million.
Or even more
u would think so but seriously more money doesnt make you happier just makes things easier. huge diff
I could use that... Hey, since you're God, how about sending a few million my way?
Thank you! When does mine arrive?
And cheesecake
I'm simple,what i want is a Aladdin's lamp
Why, I'd trade it for 50 million smiles.

Am I in?
I could easily get by with half that.
I just want enough to get surgery
Agreed... Being able to afford going to the dentist would be pretty sweet.
Major spinal for me
Oh man, that sucks. I hope it works out for you. I will think positive thoughts for you.
Hell .... even fifty will be good
I know @TheTweetOfGod I’ve been asking you for that exact same thing for over 20 years!
@loripetty #richpeople ? ;)
Hey I've only been asking for 100,000K. 50 Mil would be nice, but I am willing to accept less.
Please help!
Conservatives are now defending #KevinWilliamson , a guy advocating for a level of genocide far exceeding the slaughter Hitler achieved.
Holy @Samsonite
KINGOZ
@5Ooza5
@BBADOrwell
@KirkLeslie09
@SaveSoutheast
@WichitaSouthHS
@Wichita_Thunder
@kapauncrusaders
@FMInoticias 
@cpimspeak
@LFletcher59
@laluna1966
@FluxAudioTools
@KristySwansonXO @angiebuck81  @SammiSweetheart @kirstiealley
@DonJohnson @Titans
@BillGates @EastCityMGMT
It would help.
I only need 500.000 thou. Help a sinner out.
Get a job
Yes please
@HunterCanyon
YES! Many times a person is just in desperate need 4 PEACE & a sense of wanting 2 only enjoy da beauty of life. Materials is just secondary, all I need is PEACE & JOY, $$ will facilitate many things but will fail to give u what matters. A whole full life   @Yesisbeautymark
Absolutely! 
“Amen” to that
According to @realDonaldTrump US has given Pakistan 33b dollars & got lies and deceits in return!
Ask US for some million $s charity ;) also help out to get rid of this liar state :)
Surely we can get it done for less than that?
Interested in becoming a Senior GL/Litigation Examiner? Check out this opportunity!
