You sir, are patently wrong. @POTUS is right.
An ally that resists peace, seeks war & domination is no true ally. But let's be real, the Sen wants that, too.
Dems are behaving poorly. Stay moderate, GOP, use your 2 yrs well-make this Presidency shine for ALL voters.
Let us hope it is the final, but we still have almost a month to go and he has often before "incited" bad events to happen.
don't cut Medicare and social security as you said you would. Americans will starve.
U were also a signatory on Traitor Tom Cotton's (actually pushed by AIPAC) Iran letter. Who do u REALLY work 4?
@POTUS ...and blatantly shows his intent all along. Only reason he waited to do this was to save his own ass!
Roger, I didn't know you had that in you. Bravo!
 @PricklyEmu
you never seem to have a cross word to say, but there it was!
Hee! I'm rather a nasty person really! @PricklyEmu
Read: "The Security Council reiterates its view that settlement expansion must stop" US Ambassador to UN John Bolton, 2006
@melvict the man is a Muslim. What do u expect
And many American Jews still support him.....amazing.
@SenCoryGardner Betrayal? No. He's not a good friend but not an enemy. Focus your energy on cutting off funding to the UN and the PA.
I don't care about your statements. Do your job.
Are you certain it is his FINAL betrayal?  He has another 20 days in office.
what are your thoughts on Palestinian rights? Shouldn't they be protected from illegal settlements?
About time you pulled your head out of Obuma's ass!! Now stop ruining relations with Russia!
if Cory says it, it can't be wrong#said no one EVER!!
Your outrage should be directed @ the state of Israel & the illegal settlements that threaten the only viable path to peace.
When will you speak out against the President-Elect's betrayal of America?
@Miz_Gulch Obama needs to be charged for Treason he hates everyone but muslims he is one and a traitor lock him up at getmo
History will prove Pres. Obama right on this issue.
the nation that stands against israel stands against god
you need to vote to defund and kick the UN out of the US. Stop all money going to 14 nations as foreign aid.
Friends tell other friends the truth.  This is not betrayal. Your exaggeration helps no one.
when you detached from reality was it painful?
I'm sure the $38 billion Israel gets from American taxpayers will act as a salve against any betrayal, both real or imagined
For decades US policy has been to condemn settlements on Palestinian land. Good luck getting re-elected.
I smell, bullshit.
@seanmdav 
Begin doctrine and Samson option. Mossad loves 'Grim Trigger,' from game theory.
A sitting Senator should use less inflammatory language when discussing the President. #respecttheoffice #COvotedBlue
@EvaAdva may he rot in hell
Americans support Israel and we do not support Obama's actions today. I believe Israel knows this!
Cuck
as a constituent, must say can't wait to throw you out.
Hear hear, @LilaSquad. 
Or should I say
Tweet tweet, lol
@SenCoryGardner gotta go
Amen!
Wrong.  You are just wrong.  The Israeli refusal to work with Palestine is the problem.
history has proven that nations that don't support Israel things don't work out so good for them
Comes from the party that supports Russia.
supporting Netanyahu is not the same as supporting Israel. Our President did the right thing.
Obama still has a little time left.

.@SenCoryGardner @MaryAKoontz
And by extension, the United States. This is who he is.  A betrayer.  He is NOT America's friend.  @DianaBialkowski
he is a disgrace and lucky he hasnt been impeached over Benghazi.
@tempteststorm2 UN has outlived  its usefulness. They can pay for themselves:
@vjeannek that's my senator. God bless you Cory. Long live the Centennial State
Unless, like Trump, he decides he's going to preside even though it is not his time in office.
Israel builds illegal settlements and you praise them for it. You're worthless.
How is this a betrayal? And as far as "emboldening our enemies", what do you call what Trump has been doing??
@ReaganBattalion And u sir are a sell out!U and the GOP allowed #Trump to happen!Now will have #Putinpuppet running #US
@ReaganBattalion Good!Tired of Netanyahu telling #US how to handle foreign policy asking $$ for continoues wars!Not a puppet
You should worry more about Trump's BFF Putin who did not abstain but voted in favor of the resolution.
I consider your response your betrayal to your constituents.
Thank you for standing against those who stand against Israel, even from within our own country (Genesis 12:1-3).
@_PatJohnson_ yup
Not a constituent, but curious nonetheless; why are we part of this thing?  What good does the UN actually do?
Don't worry... Trump's gonna start a nuclear war and blow up the countries that voted for the resolution.
this sickens me as an American citizen
@BeachDreamin291 

Culmination of 8 years of failed foreign policy lead by #Obama #HillaryClinton #JohnKerry
kick Israel out of UN. It ignores all resolutions and defies the world. Arabs have primary right to the land not Israel
@SharonMcCutchan betrayal of god
as a Colorado voter, I wish you had more respect for the UN.
If your friend is engaged in destructive behavior, do you enable that behavior, or do you call your friend out?
Israel <> Israeli settlements.  The State of Israel harms itself by building and defending settlements.
I hope @realDonaldTrump corrects this and repairs the damage. I am sad to see the USA treat its closest ally in this way.
so much anti-Semitism in this thread.
@JBaker31826004 It's too bad he has been endured this long. Why did no one try to stop him?
@SykesCharlie You are just plain WRONG.
as your constituent I find it concerning that you believe Israel is above international law
It's just like the U.N Security Council to do this when they should be focusing on the deep and sad tragedy in Syria.
get over it. Can't wait to vote you out!
@SykesCharlie will hope that Congress now will financially punish the UN. I am hopeful for new congress/president.
of course you are wrong
please correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't this resolution simply saying Israel has to follow international law?
@ReaganBattalion I am so Ashamed of Obama & his administration!He has weakened & disgraced America! #StandWithIsrael
@seanmdav barry hussein: backstabber
It really doesn't.
@SykesCharlie You cannot say one thing about emboldening our enemies when Putin and Trump are new besties.
Words are wind. Defund the UN.
Do you find being a fluffer for the Koch Brothers to be spiritually uplifting?
@SykesCharlie We don't care what you think.
are you that ignorant of American policy towards Israel or just lying?
Care to shift your focus of attention to the things your constituency are actually really worried about right now? 

Idiot.
@ReaganBattalion where were you yesterday when trump put himself in the mix? Hypocrite
Where are your comments on trumps nuke tweets and arms race statement? People here in the Co & U.S. dont feel safe right now
unbelievablet u r silent on Trump tweet 4 arms race but u take time for 1 more jab at POTUS. Party over nation yet again
info on the other things u obviously missed in the last 24 hours
He was anti-Trump too. Not a good rep for the people.
Are you sure this is the final one? He can do this again in next 30 days.
You'll never win re-election. One-term Senator.
Are you all embarassment to humanity? Is there any country in the world killing innocent people as Israel is doing?
Get this sanctimonious crap out of here. Brown people are humans too.
So you are in favor of more settlements by Israel? & think it is a good way to promote peace?@SenCoryGardner
at LEAST 1,000,000 E. Euro Women taken into Sex Slavery by Israhell.   Israel is NOT OUR FRIEND they use & mock us!!
Maybe not yours but Israel definatly is our friend and peacefull and trustfull partner.
Your betrayal of the people who voted you into office will not be forgotten, no matter how much you now smarm.
Since LBJ the US policy has been to condemn Israeli settlements on Palestinian land.
@hmaxwellpitts can the Senate rebuke and censure the Obama Administration @Netenyahuisrael @realDonaldTrump
Israel attacked the USS Liberty & killed 36 & wounded 130 US Sailors!!!  Israhell = OUR ENEMY Pumpkin Head~!!
Yeah, our incoming president has a way better grip on foreign policy. Enjoy reaping the crops of what you've sown.
Ok. How do you feel about Trump's conflicts of interest and trying to start an arms race via Twitter?
Cus of Israel's spy Johnathan Pollard about 1000 CIA assets were executed.  Israel is NOT OUR FRIEND.
It's illegal to aiD a country that has Weapons of Mass Destruction and not a signatory to the N.N.P.T. Israel = ILLEGAL !!!!
Israhell has been the center of International Sex Slavery Our own St Dept had to reprimand!
