Seeing as how you don't care to meet with your constituents and represent their values, we want you to be a full time dad in 2020 & beyond!
Please represent us
 Require proper vetting of health care bill. Represent us!
It’s unacceptable that @sencorygardner continues to ignore his constituents. Follow @indivisibleden: we’re working to empower CO voters.
Sen. Gardner, VOTE NO on the secretive ACA repeal. We have no idea what's in it. Do you? Our kids' health depends on it. @SenateMajLdr
I also love being a mother & grandmother. My beautiful daughter has several pre-existing conditions. Vote no AHCA #AHCAKills
Happy Father's Day Senator. Please don't take our Health Care from us. Put Colorado families ahead of party politics. PLEASE.
Are you behind closed doors now with Mitch McConnell to cut healthcare benefits for other people's children?
Thanks, Cory.....I'm sure you're excited to see the CBO come out and tell us specifically how many people will die, huh?

#TrumpCare
#2020
Your afraid to meet with them too, or nah?
Do you actually meet with them or do you hold virtual town halls with your family as well?

If your kids grow up to need Medicaid (like my farmer children have), will you still be their hero?
Good, cuz after November 2020 it'll be your only job. Start updating your resume, Cowardly Cory!
Any Congressman/woman who lets this healthcare bill secrecy continue will NOT be forgotten. You especially.
How can you boast about being a father while you participate in government corruption? Why so much secrecy when you work for us?
It appears to be your only job these days. Oh yeah, and crafting secret bills
Had a nice holiday? I have to assume that you and any members of your family gets the very best of care for every hangnail and ingrown hair
Come Nov 2020, it will be the only job you have.
Did you enjoy #PrideFest?
imagine your children not having healthcare.  Please vote NO on AHCA
teaching your kids to suck up to the monied interests of the 1% and war mongers? shaking hands with Duerte? #waterboy #cronyCapitalist #gop
I'd like to hear you explain to your children why it's better to be rich than have clean rivers.
Explain to your children why some of their friends at school have to die so your family can get a tax break.
You know what I'd like to give my dad for Father's Day? The knowledge that he won't end up in a high risk pool bc of his MS.
#NoHearingNoVote
You should focus on that sir! You do a horrible job representing Coloradans!
#adiosIN18
you are taking HC away from millions of Dads. You have a gov't HC w/75% subsidy, We want Congress to use same HC w/o subsidy you force on us
Most of us dads are just worried that you will vote to take our kids' healthcare.
We're worried about the future that will be left for our kids, in light of the self-serving choices of this menacing administration.
Senator, does Trump reflect your values? History will smile on those who oppose him, PARTICULARLY the GOP with such courage.
With great power comes great responsibility. You can stand for Colorado values, and earn bipartisan respect, or capitulate into anonymity
Hopefully you're doing a better job there than as our senator, because you're failing terribly at that
Upset w/ @sencorygardner and wondering what to do? Follow @indivisibleden to learn how you can amplify your voice and advocate for change.
Did you come out of your secret hiding place where you write a health policy that will kill summer Dads and children too? Show us the bill
What's your second best job,secret meetings to make sure some people cannot afford healthcare? Not meeting with constituents? DeVos money?
Wheres Cory
Where Cory
Do what's best for your children AND OURS, by protecting their health, their environment, and their education.
Stay strong for Americans. Work with President Trump 
Happy Father's Day to you.
You are still a horrible senator. Demand transparency for senate health care bill!
I'm certain you're doing that job-even at a distance-SO MUCH BETTER than you're doing your ACTUAL job, representing constituents #WheresCory
Glad you're doing something right. Please help other dads keep health insurance for the kids they love just as much as you love yours.
Please vote no on #Trumpcare. Please. Please. Please.
Absolutely, Cory. Happy Father's Day. Do your kids at least get to see the bill you are working on? Just wondering #ACHA #ReleaseTheBill
You bet!  Your most important job now is to not destroy coloradoans health insurance.
You want honor dads? Make sure their parents keep their SS and Medicare, and there children have med ins. Vote no!
Healthcare.
Your secret health bill will no doubt take medical care away from millions of babies, children, and their parents. Hindsight is #2020.
Hope your better at it the than Senate
Happy Father's Day to you too Senator.  Please don't take healthcare from older fathers.  They want to see their children grow older also.
Replace the ACA with a better solution reducing premiums, increasing choice& focusing on good care as opposed to  just insurance. Happy  FD!
Great  could you do your other job and hold a town hall so we can tell you how #Trumpcare will hurt and kill our children?
Hope you're giving fatherhood more effort than representing your constituents. No to secret AHCA bill!!
Harder to celebrate when terrified of losing healthcare.  You could help with that.
So, happy Father's Day. I hope you can sleep at night with being owned by a donor vs representing your constituents & living with integrity
What would you be doing right now if your disabled child relied on Medicaid for all healthcare & school based services? You Koch bros coward
It won't be a happy Fathers Day for those Dad who are fearful that you will take away lifesaving care for their sick/disabled kids.
Was that Happy Fathers Day to the Dads that arent gong to he health ins under rebublicancare?
Accept ownership of ur betrayals to CO constituents or start representing us; all I hear is "I sold out for trump's agenda". No ACA repeal!
Yeah because it's the only job you actually give a shit about. It's obvious you don't care about the people you represent.
Congrats! Please take consider our health care. We're not all as lucky as you and your family.  Please!
Waittilltheylearnabout #RockyFlats plutonium..you are gonna have a hard time convincing yourownchildren you'ever'worked on their behalf
That's nice but we hate you as a trump puppet
Has anyone in government been briefed on Russian active measures in our election? Is anyone asking questions?  Who is in charge?
