if you really thought you were doing right by Colorado wouldn't you want to defend your choices to constituents #scared
are not leaders, but shills of industry. When are you going to talk to the constituents you betrayed? #fired
@denverpost  Episode in The Perils of Cory.  Wherein our hero runs from his constituents while pretending to be relevant
Why not meet with your constituents?  We've sent you letters, called, emailed.  We're waiting.
When are you going to meet with the rest of us? The workers, not the CEO's. Listen to your voters. We are mad!!
Great job Cory! Ignore the noise, voters see you working for the people!
- The heck w. that Sen. CoryG. WHY didn't U attend the TownHall in the Fort?
Embarrassed? Scared? We *will* remember. 80231
So... when are you going to speak with the rest of us? Town hall, please. 80238.
You're too cowardly to face a real audience and you are done politically now. Also, upcoming investigation
you keep posting these lying tweets trying to make it look like you are meeting with CO folk when u r not.
Senator, this is fooling no one. Too clever by half. I live in CO, and this is not a winning strategy.
do you have minutes from this event? I'm sure many of us fellow constituents would like 2 hear from you
what...you scared to taste your own medicine in town halls? At least go down with a fight u sissy! #SingleTerm
A town hall would be nice.
Why not talk to the community too?
The week is about up. You can hide in the safety of the senate, You avoided the people all week congradulations.
What about regular citizens, Cory?
Why wasn't the appearance confirmed until the event had already started? Afraid to interact with constituents?
Heading to Tiny Town today? You can look like a big man there.
.@SenCoryGardner Instead of speaking to your constituents, you mean. @FCCOChamber
- Young Cory took the easy way out. He has voted for *every* one of Rump's Cab nominees. Time to let him go.
Senator, it seems you're spending a lot of time over recess with organizations that are likely funding you, but not voters?
Why are you hiding from your constituents? Your job is to represent us. We have questions. Do you not have answers?
thank you for finally agreeing to speak to the people you represent. I look forward to seeing you on Friday 24th. #townhall
U work 4 US.  We respectfully request an #Open #TownHall in person w/ U.  If U want 2 represent US, make time 2 LISTEN 2 US
that's your constituents - corporations not people. Sad!
Still waiting for that town hall. Other Republicans met with their constituents. Why not  you?
where's our town hall?!?
cool story bro. You've got time in your schedule for everyone except the everyman. How bout a town hall???
With or Without You: Town Hall for Senator Gardner is the link Just sent you
Hey guys - think I'm being blocked by Twitter.  If you get this can you reply or just LIKE? Thanks
- It is as far as most of Front Range says Cory keeps thinking he's still Cong rep fm the Plains. Not so!
would have been nice to know you were near me. Hold a town hall stop being a chicken
I don't think these elected officials realize the deep doo-doo they are in. You think this protesting is going to die down??
Where is your town hall? What are you afraid of?
Why not meet with the people who vote?? Anyone there???
Quit sucking up and meet with your constituents! If you're faint of heart for this job you can be replaced.
where's your town hall?  Meet with your constituents.
#wewillreplaceyou
19,000 signers of a petition from Greeley  would have liked to see you show up to answer their concerns!
When are you doing a town hall meeting! I am waiting!
Hey @SenCoryGardner - why don't you try attending a town hall meeting while you're here? What are you afraid of?
the folks at the FC TH yesterday would not have yelled at you. We just wanted respectful dialogue. Reschedule?
town hall? Where/when is it?
a bit disappointed, full tank of gas and the day off. Way waiting for updates to find you. What's the cost?
Show me the money!
Yes, I'm sure your constituents are thrilled you're bragging about meeting with "local leaders" instead of them
We'll be waiting to meet with u this Friday in Denver! It's all set-up all u have to do is show.
saw that you're mtg w/ Alamosa County Republicans at Adams State U. On 3/4? Huh. What about a town hall in Denver??? (80238)
these tweets from you are such BS, insulting to the thousands of us you write an call asking for a town hall!
I would like to schedule a meeting with you.
You are too afraid to face your constituents, you dodged ?'s from the news media just like all republicans.SAD!
You speak to NOTHING!!!
You are an insult to our state! We are better than you!!
You're a hard guy to find unless you're a billionaire paying for Cabinet position. A Pruitt vote is a vote against CO 80133
ALL CAPS, YOU'RE FIRED, CANT WAIT TILL THE NEXT ELECTION! YOU WILL NEVER HAVE A JOB IN THE PRIVATE SECTOR!
he also has a missing spine, because apparently he can't stand up to Trump or Colorado Residents.
glad you felt like you you could speak to "local leaders" what about all the people in CO that u represent?
great in CO BUT tiny groups :(  you're paid to Represent ALL OF US. Face us with backbone ?
about those "tele town halls" funny that no one I know was "invited" to participate. Private invitation only??
actually I got lots of emails from tea party to show up and counter. Too busy working my A off.
well if working one's "A" off is prerequisite than I should've been on the list. Huh... "to counter"?
While ur @ fancy dinner/exclusive elitist bubble, the people of Colorado wonder why you hate them so much.
Hey Cory, your cowardice just made channel 4.  Looking bad dude.
Loved your little video from the wrong side of the tracks. Let us know next time. We'll meet you there!
luvs chambers of commerce, agribusiness & aerospace. No time for the poor or the weak. Priorities!
Less talk, more listen, douche
senator you are embarrassing yourself with these tweets. Meet your constituents in a town hall!
Hey good for @FCCOChamber. When's the next town hall?
it's like a bandaid...A town hall will be less painful now than if you keep ignoring your constituents.
how about you come to Colorado and talk with your constituents?
Where are you? I'd like the chance to share my concerns at a public town hall, with other constituents.
Yawn, blah, blah, blah. Stop being a coward and hold a real town hall.
let us know when/where. We'll meet you. You must be getting tired from ducking, weaving and living in fear
do the rest of us not matter? 80003 here, love to have you come by.
what are you afraid of?
Basically, you're saying you're full of your self. When we need to talk, you bail. When you need our votes? Naah.
Shame on you sir.  Your constituents are still waiting for a town hall.  How about actually doing  your job?!?
What does it take for you to make time to spend  with your constituents?
@townhallproject Wow, you a busy little Twitterer today! How about time for your constituents?  80108
...who couldn't say anything back to you. #typical
🖓
@9NEWS See Cory's twitter & FB do a story on how he's gone out of his way to be a so-called senator-disgrace!
Speak to and with your constituents, Cory!
Hold a town hall. The citizens of Colorado want to tell you how they fell about your votes on 45s agenda.
so you go out to talk to #Constituents and instead talk to "leaders"? Typical Gardner, completely clueless & a total #coward
When will your town hall meeting in Denver be held? I live here, and would like to meet you and ask some questions.
Ok then, how about tomorrow? I'll come to you!
Anyone bring up ban on assault weapons? Betsy Devos and the $$ she gave you? Scott Pruitt and future of EPA? Hello???
Kinda make me feel like WE don't matter. Or maybe the well being of our state doesn't matter?
Why?
We get that you LIKE Bus.Leaders & their $$ BUT We'd REALLY like to talk to you.
You did lots of schmoozing huh
How about a Town Hall in Glenwood Springs, I'll plan it!
Hey, instead how about we sit down with your constituents and have a little chat?
how about a town hall meeting with your constituents? I am not a paid protestor. I care about healthcare and refugees.
you are avoiding town halls in denver. Find your courage. Face real Coloradans.
Cory we want to discuss a few important issues with you. Health care, education, and climate change where are you? #townhall
Any tough questions from the crowd? Oh right, local leaders, constituents not allowed. Great photo op.
We're not going away, we won't leave you alone, and we won't give up, @SenCoryGardner.
VOTE HIM OUT!!!
but when will you have a live town hall meeting with your constituents?
when is your next town hall?
so how much did they pay you to show up?
I talked to a wall behind the art museum in aspen for 15 minutes. Good feedback.
So terrified to come and talk to your constituents, shameful. Hope all that special interest $ helps you sleep.
I talked to a Mexican at Walmart and he said I was cool
It would be nice to see Senator Gardner listening to local leaders who want to meet with him.
Well you did really well receiving $50K from DeVos.  Now how about a town hall meeting. You work for us.
god your selfish. #whereiscory.
If you're still in FoCo, some constituents would like to speak with you!
Bought For $49,800. #PayToPlay #TrumpRussia #DoYourJob #YouWorkForUs
CORY!  You were conspicuously absent from the meeting at the Unitarian Church last night.
Maybe a Trump Rally is more your style. @FCCOChamber you're part of the problem.
we watched for updates today and you shoved it in our faces that you will meet with everyone but constituents.
why don't you just come out and admit u can't face your employers (us), Senator Corporate Gardner!
Not a town hall.
Now hold a town hall! #wherescory
Hey Cory. The people who are going to vote you out of office if you don't talk to them have questions.
Cool! You had a town hall! Oh wait...you're too scared.
this looks really great, can we come next time? I'd like to talk to you in person. #YouWorkForUs
Find your balls and hold a town hall.
don't think we have enough money 4 him 2 bother listening 2 any of us regular people. Do your job & talk to constituents
try talking to your constituents. See you in Boulder Saturday?
when is your town hall?  80831.
If Tom Cotton is willing to take his medicine like a big boy, why won't you?
About time you meet with your constituents. Look into Trump's cozy relationship w Russia
Another pay to play with @SenCoryGardner Your constituents are still waiting for you to meet with them. Weak. #WheresCory
next time try listening.
Hold a town hall. We have much to discuss. 80234
.@SenCoryGardner @FCCOChamber You were invited to a town hall in FoCo, but you were a no-show. Surely you can make time to meet w/ voters.
Hiding from the rest of your constituents? I'd like to see you at a town hall in Colorado Springs/Fountain.
Wow, you've been busy! Any chance you could meet with your constituents at a town hall? I mean, that is your job after all.
So you COULD make it to Fort Collins. Huh...
Are you just taunting us now?
ALERT: Our state Garden Gnome has been taken and is tweeting from unknown locations!  Bring him back!  
#comehomecory
How about talking to the rest of your constituents, not just the ones who paid you?
Oh for goodness sake, stop hiding!
#whereiscory
What happened to your constituents meetings?
nice now suck it up and host a town hall meeting!
please host A town hall so that we may voice our concerns.
Yes, a nice meeting but what about the promise of replacement healthcare for rural Coloradans now ACA is gone??
You see the New Yorker article yet, Cory? You're famous!
...the word is gettting out ..you are hiding from regular constituents ..better have a real twin hall meeting
Sen Gardner, your community would like to speak with you. When and where is your town hall?? @townhallproject
So you enjoyed speaking. You need to be listening, too.
how about you actually meet with your constituents?  Do your job!
Don't be scared, Cory. We won't bite, but we do have some questions for you.
would have loved to attend to meet with my employee
You're publicizing yet another event that wasn't a #townhall. Listen to your constituents, Senator Gardner.
I see you have time for  @FCCOChamber how about meeting with the people who you work for...aka constituents. #whereiscory
sucks to hate voters
I sure wish I could participating your phone Town Halls. But you only let people with landlines participate. #onlyoldpeople
did you get that story from his office too? Not true, I called the FCC to confirm
Shame on you.
oh dear. You've lost the plot haven't you?  The people in CO are in crisis because of D.C. and their Sen can't be bothered
nobody cares you met with the chamber. We the people are worried about our kids, environment and safety. Sad u don't get it
Hey Cory.  George Soros pays me $250 every time I tweet to you.  Returned the DeVos $50K yet? #FreeTheDevos50k.
Just kidding.  About Soros.  Not kidding about your letting Betsy pay you off.  Greetings from Colorado Spgs.
And, Thank you so very much for your brave service; so that we at home could sleep safe! 
why haven't you listed these events so constituents can meet with you?  #WeThePeople #stophiding
LISTEN TO ALL OF COLORADO, NOT JUST YOUR SUPPORTERS. HOLD A TOWN HALL. BE ACCOUNTABLE.
