when are YOU meeting with your Colorado voters.  COWARD
yes it will probably be difficult to defeat your silly ass in your gerrymandered district but we will work tirelessly to win
Are you going to listen to your constituents and have a town hall? Or are you going to put your party before voters?
Recess next week. Plenty of time to talk with constituents. When's the next town hall meeting???
that means a NO vote to @ScottPruittOK right? He doesn't give a crap about #agriculture or any part of the #environment
You'd think so. @SenCoryGardner has no concern for agriculture or Colorado. Only party line.
I live in CO and want Pres Trump to stop funding our sanctuary city.
Coward, show your face to your constituents
I'm not being paid but don't I pay you with my tax $$$?  SHOW UP!
so you hide out and vote for your party and not your state?
are you reading these replys?
clearly he is not. Or he just doesn't care. @SenCoreyGardner, you choose
Gardner doesn't give a rats ass about us or our America.he is tRUMPS grim reeper.He's trying 2KILL OUR KIDS!We're not forgetting Gardner!
Enjoy your DC experience Senator, for you, it only happens once
please discuss the release of trump tax returns.  You are all crooks if you do not review for conflicts of interest.
did you let them know you voted for @ScottPruittOK? Ruining the environment = Ending Farming
Can you please post your town-hall schedule?
Your constituents want a town hall in Durango #holdatownhall my zipcode is 81326
same here 80218
Cory, where are you? @SenCoryGardner
When town hall meeting during state work period 2/20-24 ?? You are supposed to represent US
Many other issues to discuss: ACA, education, immigration reform, Russia investigation, when is your townhall in Colorado?
Gardner Chairs the Sen Subcom on Int'l Cybersecurity Policy and can hold hearings on Russian hacking at any time.  #Russia
All I see is a blank screen and that seems to equate with what you do for us people in Colorado! Ignore and ignore some more
I call you all the time, are you avoiding me?!
listen to your constituents, sir. We are watching. Find some courage to do what's right. Denounce the child in the oval!
So, it's very important... that means you'll vote no on Scott Pruitt, right? Since he hates agriculture and the environment?
I am hopeful that our Republican Senator can be as supportive of a free press as Arizona's Republican Senator.
where is your town hall on the front range??? Don't be a coward, face your constituents.
did you kill regulations so factory farms can poison our water and soil??? My guess is yes. #moneyBeforePeople
Colorado provides water to every state out here. You said yes to a man that sues the EPA. You are not the voice of Colorado
putting Colorado at risk. 
You caved. Again & again. We want our mountains & resources. Will vote against you for sure.
you're useless. You're an embarrassment to Colorado.
worried about DT tweeting if you disagree. Pruitt. now have more to worry about than them. We will not vote for You again.
You are now part of the destruction of the West. Pruitt! The worst for  Colorado. Worried about DT tweeting against You only
If you don't like consequences of gold king then fully fund EPA Superfund projects to clean up the 1000's of abandoned mines
great job Seantor
It's my mission to flat out destroy @SenCoryGardner chances of being reelected ever again to a political office!
the fact you live in Colorado and you voted yes on Pruitt-We won't forget this & how you set out to destroy the environment
You hate Colorado. You hate our blue skies & beautiful outdoor space. Your vote for anti-environment Scott Pruitt says all.
disgusted again. How can you consider yourself pro ag and vote for a man that will destroy Colorado water and air? #nopruit
Deeply disappointed in your vote to confirm Pruitt and destroy the EPA. How does THAT help our land in Colorado?
How about heading to Colorado to discuss the ACA with your constituents???  #WillCoryShow?
voted for Pruitt, check out his rant about the Obama Admin EPA over on his FB page...he works for those who fill his pocket
I don't need to watch a guy ignore his people for awhile. I watch you do it every day.
jared polis took time out to have a town hall over the phone he actually care for the people
you claim to care about agriculture but yet you voted along party lines for an anti-EPA director? Agriculture needs EPA
Cat got your tongue? Speak up re: Trump, Russia, unhinged presser, dysfunction in Admin. DO something about it. Do your job.
Do your job - Set up a special investigation into Trump Admin and Russia connection. The leg. & jud. must check Trump.
Everytime I think there might be any hope you might represent us, Boom.  Anti-sci/enviro & possible crook Pruitt in cuz you!
thanks #GOP for confirming the oil industry's f*ck puppet and the architect that will ruin our environment. You suck!
did you think about Colorado agriculture when you were voting on EPA nominee? 80634
A healthy environment is essential to agriculture. You just created burdensome unaccountability for people in need of water.
so I heard you voted yes for Pruitt… You know it's going to kill agriculture? Rising temps and lack of water. #climatechange
Speaking of Agriculture, crops do poorly in extreme heat.  I will fight you now, on climate.  Thanks for screwing my kids! 
hope you like lots of pollution in your agriculture u hypocrite.  Voting for Scott Pruitt was not in the best interest of CO
Atta boy, Ryland, if only we had someone as successful and intelligent as you deciding what was best for all of us
congrats on selling out our environmental future with Pruitt. Your track record of choosing against us is reprehensible
today you betrayed CO w/ your Pruitt vote. 2020 we remove you from office. #onetermsenator
When's the next town hall??? I'd like to hear about your lack of opposition to ANY trump pick. VERY SAD! NO VOICE 4 CO!!!
if only u voted to oppose Pruitt.  Your constituents are disappointed
.@SenCoryGardner don't forget you work for us. When is your next town hall?
.@SenCoryGardner you know what else is important to agriculture? LACK OF POLLUTANTS. But that's not what makes you money, is it?
I cannot believe you approved Pruitt.  Colorado needs an environmental watch dog, not someone who supports frackquaking.
just voted through another unqualified cabinet choice. Once again, not listening to your constituents. Pathetic!
Colorado agriculture depends on a dependable workforce.  What will happen when many of that workforce are deported?
if you believe so much in agriculture why vote for Pruitt. Destroyed land does not promote good agriculure
you don't care what is important to Colorado. We want a Town Hall. #findingcory #pollutingpruitt #helpusfindgardersspine
HYPOCRITE. You can't have it all Cory.  How can you vote for a man like Pruitt?? YOU obviously don't give a damn about us
Greetings from 81615! Vote NO to Pruitt. He will be awful for CO!
Maybe spend a few minutes reviewing Pruitt while you're there before blindly confirming him?
you need to come home cory! A lot of people are waiting for you!
can you also discuss the importance of clean water and clean air to the health on Coloradoans?
A vote for #Pruitt is a vote for the rape and destruction of Colorado's natural beauty. We are watching this vote v. closely
.@SenCoryGardner Also, I'm an unpaid protestor/angry tweeter from 80211.
.@SenCoryGardner Does this mean you'll be voting NO on @ScottPruittOK? We all know homeboy gives exactly zero shits about ag/environment.
When will you be heading to Colorado to meet with your constituents?  Can't wait to get that Town Hall scheduled!
what about fresh water? no water = no farms
what are you going to tell them about the state of pollution coming with the planned elimination of EPA?
good, that's directly related to climate change. That means a NO to @ScottPruittOK, right?  80004
please delay the vote on Scott Pruit until e-mails are read. Thank you. 80003
Russia  Russia  Russia . Do something
how about a town hall? How about investigating executive branch? Following an expedient path makes you complicit
how about taking care of ALL CO and US residents? You & GOP are making steps that disempower/disenfranchise populace
a note from your bosses: vote no on Pruitt, your job depends on it! #realcoloradovoters 80005
But you won't have town halls in Colorado. Scared?
Your argument is surrounded around a prior Admin. Who's paying you to offer such a poor defense of Pruitt? It's really bad.
you are rambling.
navajo nation outrage but let the dakota pipeline go through.?
I'm sorry but you did an extremely poor job this morning. You made no sense. This has nothing to do with Obama.
mother nature will not be kind to you.
nature bro.
what's more important to Colorado is the environment! PLEASE vote no on Pruitt. Our planet needs responsible people.
did you know other things are important to Coloradans? Like russian election involvement, and purchased secretary posts.
do you see your constituents concerns in the comments? You need to listen, it's your elected duty. #imnotpaid 80112
Real person, btw. Erie, CO. 80516. Not paid.
Protect #Colorado @SenCoryGardner & vote no for @ScottPruittOK - he will not follow the @EPA mandate & is against @ClimateReality
will you be doing any town halls? Watching to see Mr Gardner, will face Colorado to answer for your actions in Congress?
don't defund planned parenthood. Title X matters to women in Colorado.
important things you're ignoring:
Constituents, Conflict of interest with Trump, Russia, vote no on Pruitt. TOWN HALL!!!
remember you need clean water for those crops. Represent CO! Support the EPA! #RejectPruitt !!
I hope people remember what you've done when you're up for re-election in 2020.
You continue to support Trump. You continue to ignore the people that put you in office.
Hey Senator Gardner, please discuss the importance of exposing traitors. Remember Colorado constituents and their concerns.
Agriculture needs a healthy environment. No on Pruitt for EPA
When's the town hall meeting?Afraid of the voting public? Paid protesters?Believe it or not your constituents have questions
please defend us from Trump. Today's press conference should've been an eye opener to you. He's not fit to lead.
80015 I would also like to #ImpeachDonaldTrump
so climate change will ruin this. Vote no on Pruitt.
you can best serve CO by not voting for Pruitt until his judge ordered documents have been reviewed. NO Pruitt.
Soooo that's a vote against #Pruitt?
Who paid you the $49.8k to do that?
when are we going to get that town hall?
you're right, Ag is important! Thus why water quality and environmental quality is important!! Vote NO on Pruitt!
Chris, 80525. Or listen to new Belgium and the other breweries that are saying NO on Pruitt because it means money in CO
It's way past time for you to distance yourself from Trump. CO is not a red state. You work for us. Greetings from 80907.
I don't agree that's the most important thing you should be doing today. Or are you trying to save agriculture from Trump?
you know what's important to agriculture Sen?The environment.Pruitt must not be the EPA chief.Stop your rubber stamp-vote no
how about you head to some town hall meetings?
when's the next town hall meeting??
if you care about agriculture, you will vote NO on Pruitt. No clean water is bad for agriculture and bad for people.
Back home in CO another heat record:75 F in feb!?? Any plans to lead on climate change? Where's your voice for our kids??!!
how about heading off trumps Russian ties
why not discuss the importance of voting NO on Scott Pruitt and help save the environment.
No. We are too busy watching America sink like the Titanic. GOP find your balls and do something about this lunatic.
Great.  How about the importance of our great wilderness and voting NO on Pruitt?
Did your vote to overturn the Stream Protection Rule come up by chance?
a constituent that would much appreciate a "no" on Pruitt. Please! Enough with being Bannons boy. Stand up for Colorado!!!
Cory, when is the Townhall in Colorado?
https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2016-06-06/crops-rot-while-trump-led-immigration-backlash-idles-farm-lobby …
it's time for @Potus to go. Take action or come election time you'll be out the door right along with him. Get.it.done
#Agriculture fails if the environment fails.
And, that's the truth.
NO ON PRUITT
#SaveEPA #SaveNREL in ur state.
stop discussing and vow to vote no on Pruitt. Protect our land and clean water. 11/3/20
Thank you. Now please tell me that you see all the crazy going on with our leader..
Call Gardner's office and request a townhall meeting. He needs to know that we are real. 303 391 5777
I hope #cleanwater is a big part of the picture for healthy #agriculture
Hope you don't fail the farmers like you did all the kids in public schools when you supported DeVos.
when are you going to discuss the president's staff potentially colluding with Russia during the election?
be sure to think about that when Pruitt confirmation comes up Fri. Not good for CO.
Will U meet w Coloradans to explain why you don't support nvestigating Trump's Russ connections and tax returns. #copolitics
@ActingOnFact @SenCoryGardner INDEPENDENT investigation
Would love to discuss in person. Town hall? 80215
the govt is a dumpster fire right now and you have to decide: are you going to help stop it, or just watch it burn down?
so this HAS to mean you're going to vote against Pruitt to head EPA right?!?  RIGHT?!  Otherwise it's all smoke and mirrors
it's hard to have agriculture when the environment is screwed. Carbon tax brother!
you really need to show leadership and send a straight jacket to the White House
And also important to Coloradans and the entire US is the environment. Don't allow other GOPs to gut the EPA, EVER.
I hope you actually represent the views of the folks in Colorado I am sure someone is looking to line your pockets. #asshat
Fascinating how you are standing by @POTUS after that presser. Pathetic even for a coward like you. 80202 #onetermgardner
How about discussing how important it is to talk to constituents?
please also discuss the importance of reeling in climate change for our #agriculture and #ski industries!! #NOSCOTTPRUITT
how about heading to Colorado for a town hall or 2 or are you chicken?
we also like clean air and clean water.  In other words stuff the EPA does.
Vital to CO, as is clean surface and groundwater. Protecting our environment = protecting CO's economy. #RejectPruitt
How about the importance of Coloradoans to Cory Gardner? Like real, tangible ones in a hall in a town...
Your constituent and native Coloradoan.
Doesn't the booming marijuana industry help a state with work force + space to grow in rural, while less available in metro?
so you're going to vote NO on Pruitt?
Was the reduced number of farms in WSJ due to corporate and large scale farming?
How can repeal of ACA/mental health care help farmers with mental illness?  Depression can be fatal, resulting in suicide.
you should be heading to the Senate floor to ask "what the hell is going on with the President?!?!?"...!
I watched and now I find Sen Ben Cardin far more convincing. How can neglect of climate change science help CO farmers?
Please express public support for an independent select committee to investigate Trump campaign's Russia ties.
We still remember the DeVos vote and work as hard as we can to make sure you can't get a job as the animal control officer.
RESIGN MR ONE TERM SEN , TRUMPSUCKER .
Will the importance of agriculture include a path to citizenship for the humans being terrorized by ICE? Party or Country?
How about you discuss w/US the importance of voting 100%trump against your CO constituents? Or Russian collusion?
what about the importance of education
Why not talk about an investigation into Trump/Russia connections? Treason should be a serious concern for all Senators.
The more that idiot opens his mouth, the better. We should always be reminded of the narcissist behind the destruction.
You should be discussing investigating Trump.
maybe you could mention Treason while you're at it.
We want a town hall!
Clean water and clean air help CO #Agriculture Vote no on #Pruitt - CO needs a strong #EPA
I agree that spill was horrendous and a burden on CO perhaps strong was the wrong word - supportive?
