We can’t tolerate Russia's aggressive behavior that threatens the US & our allies. I'll work w/ my colleagues & Admin to find solutions.
GOP is over playing their hand. Pence is going to be swept up in this too. Tick tock
Coloradans demand town hall meetings !  In person!
I'm urging you, @SenCoryGardner to meet with your constituents. wow, this is weird, asking a senator to do his JOB
what a joke.  Meaningless letter. INVESTIGATE!
Waiting for your press release that you're turning over DeVos' $50k to needy Colordao School Districts.  From 80920
he's a traitor! Do something real!
Great. We need an immediate bipartisan investigation into Flynn/Russia/Trump campaign #investigatetrump
Do you just rubber stamp every Trump pick for his cabinet?
hold our President accountable #Flynnghazi #trumpghazi
Please. Ur so deep in  Trump's pocket you could give him a handy.
#FreeTheDeVos50k
Thank you for this strong letter. Please take action if your advice is not heeded. Please seriously investigate Russia ties
Why?  Is POTUS compromised or something?
I applaud this letter and commitment to a TOUGH-MINDED RUSSIA POLICY!  NOW even MORE IMPORTANT w/Russian Intelligence &Trump
Thank you for speaking out about Russia's actions.  Next step is to investigate their business and personal ties to WH.
That's a lofty goal. Will you urge him to release his tax returns? DO YOUR JOB.
Good letter, but I don't think Trump reads.  Please work to convince him of your convictions.
PRINCIPLED?? HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA  That's and even funnier joke than you you Colorado WANNABE
applaud you on this.Can't disagree more with rubber stamp partisan ideologue nominee votes.But this is how a Sen should act
maybe y'all should've written some legislation up ~3yrs ago & sent to a President who would've signed it/cared 80212
We want to have an investigation into Russian hacking of our election.  We aren't forgetting.
a little late after your Sessions vote against your constituency. No one will keep this President in check.
Assad just called the report revealing he executed 10,000 plus people, "fake news". Sound familiar...This is your party Cory
K but it won't make up for DeVos vote.  How about: Conflicts of interest, tax returns, immigration, emoluments, Yemen?
Letter read well but entirely lacks credibility based on your actual votes—notably for Tillerson—and coziness w. @POTUS
and let's see Trump's full tax returns too, by the way.
let's have a full and independent investigation of Trump's ties to Russia including the Christopher Steele papers.
what happened to the investigation into Russia's involvement in the election and Trump's ties to Russia?
THIS is the topic you choose to 'urge' the @POTUS on???
Votes with Trump 100% of the time. #ProveIt
how about you stop confirming @POTUS cabinet choices???
you dope you voted for Rex tillerson whose Putins lapdog. Maybe I should run against you. Follow me if you think I should
well it's a start but ur not going to get any support from ur your voters if u don't meet w us in CO soon!
Ur tough talk = closing the barn door after the horse gets out. Investigate TrumpAdmin inappropriate ties to Russia. 80127
what about investigating Russian interference with the election? Has that been forgotten by @realDonaldTrump @SenJohnMcCain
how can you justify voting for Rex Tillerson and even say this?
Time to end the bromance.
please continue sanctions
unless they pay you, and then you'll do whatever they ask.
I'm urging you to vote, NO on Gorsuch! NO on Price. I am a non-paid constituent of 81623.
hopefully he won't ignore it the way you ignored my letter to you.
Will you tell him to stop getting hookers from there?
Your are too weak to contest anything @POTUS desires.  Get in line Cory #OneTermSenator Gardner - Trump owns you.
It's very distressing that you are unwilling to listen to Coloradans at all.
Well,if we're Russian,at least we'll hv health care. "A Better Way" "Price's Plan" they all end up w/ me w/ NO HEALTHCARE
you could just ask for $50k upfront. There's no reason to act like you actually care about people. #wearewatchingyou
Get stronger with DT! Stop enabling bullying, lying, promotion of family business from office! DT is a bully! Tell him NO!
#ObamAss depleted this country of its $, Values & Laws among other things & his shells #DementeDems still pushing his legacy
Where theFucks the outrage from the BILLIONS of our U.S. dollars that PieceOfShit gifted 2 our enemy? #obamalegacy #IranDeal
you are absolutely useless!
until he offers money for re-election I assume. #Senatorforsale
Please join the other wise Republicans @johnmccain, @GrahamBlog @senmarcorubio who are proposing the #Russianreviewact
BS! If sincere re: Russia, u would've demanded: 1. DT's taxes, 2. Trump-Putin election investigation, & 3. No Tillerson!
Where is the investigation of DJT? No body pays me to do this 80023.
Yeah, about Russia. Remember their meddling in US elections? How tough-mindedly are you supporting that investigation?
but hey tough letter!  Too bad you voted in a corrupt AG who's got ties to Russia. Or do you not read the news these days?
tough letter on Russia, yay!  But hey bet he'll vote for corrupt Puzder. He got 50k from him for campaign. Not yay!!!
if @realDonaldTrump wanted a bill to release Russia from all sanctions, you would support it all the way! Scary!
We all know this is a complete farce. We know where your loyalties lie.
you're still a bought and paid for loser.
You are just a bought man with small hands
the President is much more interested in getting tough on department stores than on Russia. You endorse his behaviour. #SAD!
Maybe you will get a nice letter from the President .. similar to what your constituents receive when we send letters to you
How about you investigate Russia's interference in this election while you are at it.
I like you standing up to Trump! Let's see more of this on cabinet appointments and illegal executive orders too!
i am ashamed to have you as a senator from CO. it's clear that you have chosen party politics over public outcry.
What we need is an honest investigation into Russia's activities in the election!
let's see how this one goes. You can do much more here and be more vocal.
Cool! That ought to do the trick! Nothing influences our new POTUS like a long-winded letter. #GardnerOut2020
along with the AG & SOS YOU voted to confirm? We see through you.  And we VOTE.  #ShePersisted #resist 80301
is it same as your constituents 'urging' you to listen us?? #notalobbyistconcernedCOconstituent #bye2020
I urge YOU to pursue a principled & tough-minded US policy.  #NoBanNoWall #ShePersisted #resist
Meanwhile, investigate what is being done on Russian investigation being conduced by FBI before inauguration.
glad to see you pushing the president in right direction. This admin is going to need a lot of such pushing from Congress.
Not the stern letter!! You think the AG you just cowardly voted in will pursue any action against Trump/Putin collaborators?
We may not agree on much, but as one of your many constituents, I fully support your stance on this.
Really? You're a Trump-puppet - voting to confirm cabinet members w ties to Russia. Make 45 prove he has none #TaxReturns
why are you telling us? You don't give a shit about what we want.
boy you sure are showing him. I guess your votes for all his nominees are social capital huh?
how are you going to tell him to shut up about getting a second chance to take Oil that will send us in to another war?
You've lost credibility on Russia after voting in Tillerson.
: No more cheap talk! Don't "urge", demand to see Trump's tax returns. Then demand a full FBI investigation. Find the truth!
And do you think the Atty. General and Sec. of State will help you in this project?
oh good for you! Take the rest of the day off and go buy an Ivanka scarf for your wife. Big Boss says it's OK
We've lost faith in your ability to respond to the will of your constituency. You've supported all Trump nominees.  Shame.
I'm sure he'll listen... why don't you try giving him $49,800 it worked for you. #boughtandpaidfor #votesforpay #sellout
, if you meant this, you'd squash the disease that is this admin; Trump is the threat & making us MORE vulnerable.
Good luck w that. Ur @POTUS IS MENTALLY ILL.
But, you'll change your mind if Putin sends over $49,800. Or has the price for your vote gone up/down?
It wasn't. "attempted interference in our democratic elections." It was interference. They interfered to help Putin's pal.
I’m sure he’s very scared of your little letter. REPRESENT US.
I don't trust you. You would silence me just like you silenced @SenWarren your letter means nothing.
yea because POTUS is so good at listening.
you have yet to do a single thing that shows any strength of character. You are your choices and actions
if you’re principled you must vote no on corrupt Tom Price
How about asking for his tax documentation so we can ensure that he or his business is not compromised?
I second that request! Seems @realDonaldTrump is biz first US 2d
perhaps take time to respond to the flood of concern regarding your recent confirmation votes instead of fear mongering.
After your votes on DeVoss, Sessions, and to silence Senator Warren, I really don't trust you to do the right thing ever!
You  talk a big game.  You VOTED for a Secretary of State who is Putin's lap dog.  We know you won't actually DO anything.
Hey, he never voted for me (PutinsLapDog)   Greetings from Northern Colorado Springs, near AF Academy.
did not mean to smear you.  Hello from Denver.
investigate Russian interference in election and connection to new Administration
