Can you take every measure to stop the madman at home ? #doyourjob
"..every measure"?  EVERY measure?? Words count Senator. Or is the GOP going to get in in ANOTHER war? Again with NK and China. Words count!
Hey, military conflict is the only hope of getting Trump's approval numbers up (and GOP).
Good point!
Vote NO on DJT's supreme court pick. He doesn't understand "We The People" he is grounded in we the corporation. 80537
Don't you mean the madman in the White House?
SO, for the LOVE of GAWD, STOP @POTUS and the rest of the @GOP Clowns that keep pretending that The Emperor has no clothes on!
True! So very very true and we LOVE you for wanting to take every measure to protect us against madmen EVERYWHERE including here in the US!
You talk tough but are not tough enough to meet the people that pay you. Have an open in person town hall during the break. @indivisiblefrr
Don't start a war! We want our kids to live.
What about the madman in the white house?
We should take every measure to stop ypu
I am running against Sen Gardner for 2020. Consider donating to my Crowdpac.
NK is a good reminder that we only function if checks and balances remain in place. In short, keep the Trump administration in check!
Let's start closer to home...with the narcissistic madman in the White House that seeks to destroy everything in this country for profit!
"Every measure?" Conventional attack? Nuclear attack? Over 30,000 Americans killed in Korea in the 1950s. This is bluster, not a plan.
Why didn't you vote to make @realDonaldTrump release his taxes?
I am running against Sen Gardner for 2020. Consider donating to my Crowdpac.
CNN comments: "the past 8 years..." destroyed credibility & ID you as GOP hack.  Korea has been same problem since 1954! Good bit til then.
so...does that mean you support a war? Worried in 80112
We also need to stop the Madman in the White House before he start a nuclear war.
Might want to suggest Tillerson say something beyond no comment. Also you should be embarrassed you voted to confirm Tillerson.
and embarrassed about Betsy de vos. Horrible decisions and not what your constituents want. We are watching!
Did you get permission from Tillerson for this tweet? You sir are out of touch with many of your constituents.We pay your salary,buh bye
when are you going to represent the ppl of CO instead of corporations?
Are you on board with yet ANOTHER war, I take it? - concerned CO constituent hoping you're voted out ASAP
Town Hall while you're home or are you scared? BTW... NO to Gorsuch.  As in NO, NO WAY, you must vote NO on Gorsuch.  NO.
You will also need to grow a pair and take on the madman in Washington too!
Correction: North Korea's latest missile test is another reminder we need to take every measure to stop the madman in the White House.
Yet you confirmed Tillerson
From a guy who lived on the peninsula for three years. My bet is you DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE DPRK PROBLEM AT ALL. Another GOP blowhard...
And exactly what measures would YOU take, Senator? Your constituents would like to know.
How about we start with the madman in the Oval Office and work from there?
And the rest of the mad GOP cult--forever party over Country. Vote all of the betrayers out!
What about the madman in the White House?
What about the madman in the white house?
We need to stop madmen like you and 45...see you at the voting booth traitor!
#resist 
#TheResistance 
#notmypresident
How about the madman in the White House?!
if it's up to the POTUS he will abandon allies and get us into another war! He needs to work with UN & allies  or his ego
@SenCoryGardner your says as a politician are near its end. Wait for the next elections as you are going to get crushed by anybody but u!
that's fine, but do your homework Sen.  Sanctions have worked and brought N.K. To the table. US aggression=no more Seoul...
Cory, don't listen to the few dozen cry baby snowflakes who spew their threats. Just back Trumps agenda and you'll be re-elected for sure.
How about the madman in Syria?  Or Moscow?  Or the Whitehouse?
References madman in Pyongyang while ignoring the elephant in the room. You funny man.
How about the madman trump? Why not refuse supporting his every whim? You voted to confirm the sos that can't be bothered to comment
That include bombing them?
Come on C-dawg, you see these replies right?  We want you to stand up to the *madman* in WASHINGTON, not brownnose him and send us to war.
Including nuclear war resulting in mutual destruction? Or is Trump just that eager to get rid of California?
How about Assad and his chemical weapons. Going to trust Russia and blame the rebels? Cause you know that Russia wants Assad in power.
What about the madman in Syria ? Those poor children 
I guess you should vote to increase defense spending and take food from children and the elderly. You are doing poorly.
what about the madman in the WH? #cowardlycorey gardner
How about you tell that to the moron that is our secretary of state… I believe you voted to confirm him
Or the mad man in the White House
We need to stop the madman in Washington.
There isn't one positive response to this tweet. Not one. I hope the social media intern shows these replies to the big boss. #copolitics
What will you do to stop the madman in the WH? No SC vote until FBI Russia investigation is complete. Garland wasn't even given a hearing.NO
what about the madman in Washington?
The madman we need to stop is in the oval office.
like someone else said, what about the crazy orange menace in the White House? BTW, thanks for selling out our privacy.
Speaking of mad men, you notice the one in the WH?
You guys start a war, you send YOUR kids to fight. Watch your words, fool.
Investigate Russia!
#adiosIN18 #adiosIN20
Again Mr. G, your priorities, at least for tweeting, show you INSIST on ignoring the corrupt elephant in the Oval Office. Why?
We have our own narcissistic mad man a little close to home. Deal with him first.
no. We do not need to take every measure when every measure involves starting a nuclear war.
I just...I thought I couldn't hate him more when he called me and other callers paid agitators. But jfc.
- agreed. What are you proposing?
How about the madman in the Whitehouse. Funny how we've been able to keep NK at bay for YEARS. Stop the diversion tactics!!
But bow down to the greatness of the murderer in charge of Russia? How about an investigation into the Russian influences in WH?
Keep ignoring the madman in the White House. No town halls. You have painted yourself into a corner, putting party over people. 2020!
I am running against Sen Gardner for 2020. Consider donating to my Crowdpac.
what courage it took to issue this statement! please hold a REAL TOWN HALL so we can all praise your bravery. [yeah, i know: snark.]
No argument. But the one in Moscow is OK? Time to get an independent investigation going.
Hard to take you serious when you dont stop the US from selling arms and ammo to unstable regimes?
We also need to take every measure to stop the madman in the White House.
What about the madman in Washington?!
you need to stop the madman, and his henchmen, in the White House first.  His insanity will get us into a war with the lunatic in NKorea.
BUT DO NOT ALLOW @POTUS TO MAKE A PREEMPTIVE STRIKE. IT'S "WAR GAMES", COME TO LIFE. THERE IS NO WAY TO WIN A NUCLEAR WAR.
He's a crazy man with a bad haircut.  No, not Kim.  Trump.
Will your children be enlisting in the Armed Forces, Senator?
What are you suggesting Senator? Are you prepared to go into combat yourself? How about your children? How many people get killed this time?
Wish your hero trump had an actual plan...or a clue.
Trump is in Pyongyang?
we can start with the madman in DC... or Mar-a-lago. wherever he is now.
We need to stop the madman in the White House first.
.@SenCoryGardner  "every" measure...sounds like incomplete simple thinking. Nuclear measures?   I hope you're not that young.
Syria, poss. with Russia, is actually gassing children. Trump blaming anyone but Assad and Putin. Where are the sanctions?
We've got enough problems with our own (Russian) #POTUS to worry another country's despot! #Trumprussia
ey, I look forward to your enlistment
You misspelled Mar-a-Lago. How embarrassing, If you need an editor, I know a gal who can help you...
NO VOTE ON GORSUCH . CO IS SICK OF YOUR SUCK UP VOTES , MR ONE TERM SEN .
We must also stop the madman in the WH from destroying the country, playing with Putin and creating global chaos.
Our country (BOTH parties) already has. 45 is fake anti-establishment dark Fascist Despot Tillerson&Bannon dreamed of for years.
N Korea is a concern but I have no faith in you to not sell us out and get 1000s killed.
But we have one here who is almost as unstable.
@GOP launching the nuclear option is a reminder we must take every step to stop the madman in the Whitehouse.
Maybe you and the rest of the madmen in Washington DC should get together with the madman in Pyongyang and have madhatters party. #YoureNuts
We need to stop the madman in the White House & his toxic plans. Sweep in front of our house before we mess with others we have issues
are you suggesting war?
Ya know, there's a madman closer to home who could use some attention.
Does that include another Korean War? The stakes are bigger now that nuclear weapons are involved.
You continue to vote against the will of Coloradans.
What about Syria?   Sounds like your president's only plan is to blame Obama.  What's the plan, Cory?
SHAME ON YOU.  We are voting you out!
How about opposing the disastrous policies of the madman in the White House?
