Coward, show your face to your constituents
You lost my respect! Country before party! NO lying bullying #treason promoting family business silencing media! #MAGA
ask @NASA about climate change. #ActOnClimate
“Unprecedented obstruction?” EPA Gina McCarthy and Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Merrick Garland. YES YOU DID.
are you going to vote on a budget that defunds science initiatives? Yes. Please resign.
did you invite the competitor to join along like trump did with Boeing?
Too "busy" to meet with voters from his own state? Are you too ashamed of your actions to face us? You can't hide 4vr
I bet they believe in the earth science you would like to defund.
Hypocrite.
I see once again that you have voted against the state! You should resign!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NOW time to meet with Real people! Not corporate "people!" Don't be scerrrrrd. It is your job. Do it.
I live in your state and have 4 kids and I am your constituent .
before you launch CG into space we Coloradans would REALLY like some answers. A town hall would be a great start.
Russia is off our shores, buzzing our Military ships and Trump does nothing!
how about you attend the town hall we are holding with or without you! 2/24, 5:30 pm, Byers Middle School, Denver.
there are also a significant number of people in the industry working on Earth Science mission @ those same companies!
you can't launch Orion if the SLC is under water!
Schedule a town hall, please.
@N

How abt mtg with your everyday constituents? U do not respond to our request 4 a town hall meeting
meet your constituents! We are fake!
Gardner is focusing on the wrong issues currently. Prioritization is obviously not his strong suit
when will you be holding town halls to talk w/your constituents? Shouldnt be a problem as all protestors are fake, right?
Stop what you are doing and call for a special committee to investigate the Trump Admin. & Russia connections. Do your job.
Can you divert money from the Military Industrial Complex into NASA so we can get a real multiplier effect?
it's great that your interest is still in CO businesses, but what about your constituents? #WhereisCory
You lie. You will be taken down. You are done in Colorado- liar. You serve yourself and nothing more.
Cory, I daresay NASA wants you to hold town halls too.
R you going to stand up for America and demand an independent investigation?!
meet with constituents!!! 80212
Interesting.  And still no time to meeting with regular citizens?
When are you coming home? Looking forward to town hall. Maybe then you'll ACTUALLY listen to constituents.
Townhall cory, let's discuss this.
cory doesn't have a back bone people! He is just a sad little guy that needs rich people to like him.
but still no townhall scheduled to speak with residents of Colorado?  Your staff can't give any info on your schedule
it seems you have time for @NASA so you can find time for your other constituents. REAL Town Hall NOT a conference call Cory
did you tell them how sorry you are that this congress has abandoned science!
Vote no on #polluterPruitt Colorado is at risk, not everyone here supports oil and gas. U f'd up DeVos, don't make Pruitt #2
How bout meeting w/constituents in ur district?! #onetermCoryGardner #COgoingBLUEin2018
A request from the red city of Colorado Springs, 80920. You need to face us. Your actions affect us all regardless of party.
Please come to CO & meet your constituents. We have a lot to say& we promise we'll try not to yell at you. It's your job!!
Thank you Senator! It's good to see our leaders supporting science!
Tick tock tick tock. Waiting for the town meeting. We'll all be there. When and where did you say?  Ignoring us much?
please vote no on Pruitt. For the sake of our children having faith in you and leaders to protect environment. Please
that won't matter if we destroy our own planet.Plz choose what your constituents want and vote NO on Pruitt. Here from 80211
WE WANT A TOWNHALL in Denver. Come home, Cory.
Great! How about meeting constituents to discuss CLIMATE SCIENCE?!
Cory Gardner can meet with NASA, but he is afraid to meet with his voters.
I'll go to Orion, man. I'll head to Sirius and then turn right and upwards. We can turn an F-150 into a spaceship.
- yes, you ARE still doing a bad job. Thanks for asking your consituents. 80127
How much they contribute? I want (many other constituents) to meet with you,how much?
And your constituents are still waiting for you to meet with us. Set up a Town Hall meeting. Now!
80206 Strange. I thought Cory was a climate change denier like @realDonaldTrump . Can't have it both ways.
When are you going to meet with constituents?  How about a Town Hall?
Science is so very important, isn't it? So do your part to acknowledge and mitigate climate change.
So the deal is that we have to come to DC to see you? If only someone would pay for me to make that trip.
Cool.  How about coming home over the recess to talk with your constituents? Also, push to investigate POTUS/Russia
FYI Cory, @NASA's scientists also all agree that human CO2 emissions already have major effects on climate. #NoToPruitt !!
that's great but what about meeting with your everyday constituents? #whereiscory
Let's face it, ur life would be SO MUCH easier if Trump was no longer in office. Support ur ppl and demand an investigation!
So you're meeting with people these days? Interesting.
11/3/20
Please keep investment in science and space initiatives strong in Colorado! Keeps the jobs here and increase STEM $
Did any of them ask why you won't meet w Coloradans, or investigate Trumps Russian connections?
since it seems you care about science, no to Pruitt.
please get serious about representing the interests of your constituents in Colorado and push for a full investigation
Please meet with us, your constituents, to tell us why you're willing to gut the ACA and take away pre-existing conditions
hold a meeting with your constituents.
.@SenCoryGardner @NASA That's wonderful! Congratulations to them. Now, if you don't mind, the rest of your constituency would like a word…
you know where is also a great place so meet with Coloradoans? In Colorado. In a town hall. We want answers.
great. When is the next town hall for your constituents? What are you afraid of?
that's fantastic. Now how about meeting with some every day people and not just companies or billionaires?
great. Now meet with us, your constituents!
please do not do a town hall.
So why won't you meet with your constituents? (ps; is that really you or a cardboard cut-out, we're beginning to wonder)
what about meeting with the rest of your constituents?
cc @9NEWS @CO_Politico
did you discuss climate change?
town hall... or are you unwilling to meet more of your constituents in your state?
how about a town hall for the rest of us? 80004
What are You doing for 4 Colorado?
Real Coloradans live in Colorado, too. Come meet some!
Can that spacecraft drop you here in CO for a Town Hall?? Did you bother to tell them you think science is a hoax???
how about meeting with your constituents?
Lie to our faces then stab us in the back. Sounds about right. #townhall
the rest of Colorado is waiting to see you in person, as well!  #townhall
please hold a town hall. If you don't come to us we'll come to you. You don't want us coming to you!!!
investigate the administration's dealings with Russia, the @realDonaldTrump is unhinged and must be removed from office.
as a voter in Colorado I'm asking for investigation of Russia and a release of Trump's tax returns.
.@SenCoryGardner @NASA That's wonderful. We are ready to meet with you when you have an hour or two for a town hall. 80207
Nice. Is now a good time to talk about POTUS/Russia ties? Maybe call for a independent investigation? IDK, seems serious.
Might also be good to know more about POTUS' financial dealings. Maybe you should demand he release his tax returns. 80234
maybe NASA can build you a space ship to drive to a town hall meeting.
Did you watch Trump's presser today? Totally unhinged. Rambling. Horrific. He's an existential crisis for our country. Help?
What are you going to do about the Russian attempts to compromise the White House, Cory????
why won't you meet with your constituents
how about meeting with people who will VOTE in CO in 2020? Don't want to keep your job?
Know who else you should meet with? YOUR CONSTITUENTS. Schedule an in-person town hall.
Hi Cory. Just a normal non-aerospace industry citizen here. Why don't you have a town hall for your constituents?
come home and meet with your constituents. There is a madman in the whitehouse and you need to step up!
Why aren’t you meeting face-to-face with ordinary Coloradans who are extremely concerned about the Trump chaos?
So you are going to push for proper funding for NASA and undo the gutting of their budget?
are people trying the escape earth just to get away from President Traitor?
I want your resignation.
How about a town hall in Colorado sometime soon? Coloradans want to talk to you about how you could best represent us.
TOWN HALL
TOWN HALL
TOWN HALL
TOWN HALL
TOWN HALL
#rememberrememberthe3rdofNovember2020
you know about his $50k price tag right? Now what about Russia?
Ever going to meet with someone worth less than a million? Like most voters.
.@SenCoryGardner When will you have a live Town Hall & meet with your constituents face to face? You represent US & need to know our views!
of course you would like to cut funding to NASA. Still avoiding constituents though I see! Townhall perhaps? #coward
yay jobs!! Can you build one to get me off this planet after that news conference from your President??!! Not yay!!
sill waiting for the Town Hall with your constituents.  When can we meet?
Watch the press conference, our president is not on your side. Investigate Russia. Investigate Yemen. Do your job.
You will not be re-elected with your vote history.  No matter how "GOOD" you try to make yourself look.  #WeWillReplaceYou
Yeah, and how many have Constitutional concerns over Trump and Russia?
