how about answering questions from your constituents??? Have an in person town hall!!
the voices of interns (who probably weren't old enough to vote for you) matters more than constituents? Cant wait 4 midterms
If only you listened to the paid protestors who are your Colorado residents and did you fucking job
you're only "serving" your own bank account. You've completely ignored the people of CO. We're watching u & we won't forget.
Did any ask why you doubted your own constituents as being real?
what about answering some of the questions we Coloradians keep asking?
When do your constituents get the chance to ask you questions?
We are still waiting for a real town hall - and for you to represent the majority of Coloradoans who oppose the Trump agenda
I wish you enjoyed answering questions from constituents, too. Schedule a town hall and show us you do!!
hold a town hall & I for one will sign an affidavit w/proof of address. #coward. Enjoy 1term termite
Did staff have guts to tell you that your offices SWAMPED with our total dissatisfaction w/ U ?
when will you answer questions from your constituents?
Real constituents wear suits in @SenCoryGardner bubble. #FlynnInvestigation
So when are you going to be accountable to the State of Colorado and speak to us?
how many interns do you expect to have in 2020? Maybe you should take questions from constituents instead.
thats nice but why won't you meet with the people of colorado. we keep asking for a town hall you should hear both sides
The constituents who elected Cory want him to keep up the great work and let's get Trump's agenda passed
name one way you serve the people and not your self.
why won't you meet with your constituents in person? We will #neverforget how you kicked us to the side of the road.
how about answering some questions from the people you represent? #wheresmytownhall
serve those you work for by showing to the Town Hall meeting in Colorado Springs
Was answer #1 "ignore constituents, they're stoopid, trade votes for money"?
town hall????
They look like future ldrs with great potential. Now, when will you show them ldrship, & answer questions from constituents?
Based on your voting record, you aren't serving the people of Colorado, just your bank acct.
Thye look like they are not having fun trying to handle all our calls, letters and protest. Bet they wish you would do a TH
So cute.  Little 42 something with extra mousse in his hair with his handpicked crew of agreeables.  Can't handle the heat.
how about you finally hold a town hall and answer questions from your constituents? 
how about answering questions from constituents? #onetermgardner
So it looks like you do know how to meet in groups and listen to people. Please hold a town meeting. (not paid to say this)
supporting this administration's agenda will end your time in office and perhaps our country - very concerned
your website says we just need to ask for a town hall, we're asking, WE WANT A TOWN HALL!
He'll claim "paid protestors" won't allow his constituents to be heard. Meanwhile Devos bought his vote! #hypocrite
why won't you answer my questions? I'm a constituent!
when are you going to investigate Trump's cozy relationship with Putin? U Waiting for the Russian tanks?
@9NEWS @KDVR @CBSDenver @DenverChannel -- senator, hold a town hall meeting. Engage with your constituents. It's your job
like the people and their children that you don't give a shit about? Hope you save that 50K for when you're ousted.
this guy is sold out, he has no idea what to stand for if there isn't a price tag attached to it.
1360 days, 32649 hours, 1958970 minutes and 117538158 seconds (and counting) until you are voted out of office.
if this is your best then you need some new interns.
how about answering questions from your voters?  (We'll I guess we're won't be yours much longer #2018)
80129 here. Requesting a town hall meeting this spring.  You must make this happen.
enjoy those sessions while you still can. #recallgardner
you sold out Colorado! We will vote you out!!
do you plan on having an actual face to face with the Colorado public?  You need to stand up and listen and be heard!
tell me what you've done to serve Colorado. I'd love to see a list of your accomplishments
Are you surrounded by Dems? Join the club 
Yeah but you probably dont listen to them, just like you dont listen to your constituents, You are a coward!
Time to answer questions from folks who don't work for you Cory.  Any town halls on your schedule?  Scared?
.@SenCoryGardner Hey maybe next you can answer questions from your constituents.
Now how about an in-person, in CO town hall for your constituency? We'll even come w/our voterID no to prove we aren't paid!
Ok now maybe answer some questions from your constituents? Or is the lobby money better than my tax money?
how about you answer the questions of your constituents, you know, like at a town hall or something?  #coryischickenshit
How many of the interns went to public school? Supporting DeVos was a terrible choice. America is better than this.
- And what are you doing to serve your people? Pro-choice and pro-immigration is the future.
You were so quick to demand Clinton's security clearance be stripped due to her emails. What about Flynn and his phone calls
? Represent the country, not the party. How about saying no to the stupid wall and use the money for schools? Wake up!!
When are you going to come back to CO and face  your constituents so we can question you and voice our concerns? Afraid too?
please try to find some time to chat with your constituents as well, we'd like you to hear from us.
i have a question: why did you vote to stop @SenWarren from discussing legit concerns about Sessions' for USAG?
The best thing you can do as OUR Senator is listen to US - the PEOPLE who elected you!
.@SenCoryGardner Why can’t you hold a town hall and answer real questions from your constituents? 2020 is coming fast.
What proof do you have for you anti-Russian statements?
Quit spouting the party line and do your job. People aren't happy and they aren't paid protesters. Wake up!!!
lol. I bet that was hard. How about you answer questions from the ppl of Colorado? #TownHall
So very ashamed of Cory Gardner and the GOP's persistence in ignoring their constituents.
You have  NOT "best" served the people of CO by voting for DeVos & Sessions.  when will U answer our questions Cory?
your constituents have some questions we would like to ask you too. When will you be holding a town hall meeting?
Former financial supporter who will be working for your opponet when you come up for re-election. #RINO
time for town hall. We are waiting for your announcement.  Do your job!
did they ask why you don't listen to your constituents?
Wow Cory... your people want answers.  What's it going to take to get a town hall? Are you ashamed? You should be.
.@SenCoryGardner Gardner: You owe Colorado an Explanation http://www.thepetitionsite.com/tell-a-friend/33672713 …
hopefully they told you about all the calls and emails you've gotten from your constituents and not paid attention to
seems easier than listening to your constituents
seems threatening to vote him out in 3.5 years is not getting his attention. Fellow disgusted citizens, any other ideas?
- Maybe we should call your interns with our questions so they can ask you and get back to us.
- Too bad you don't enjoy answering questions from your great constituents. We have lots of them for you.
your interns serve the people of Colorado, thank you interns. You don't. Resign.
answer questions from your constituents!
we want a townhall soon! I am not paid. Centennial 80122 independent. U work for us! Ur time is our time not ur rich donors
too bad u will not answer questions from ur constituents! No town hall? Shameful! Ur job is to represent us not ignore us!
When are you having a town hall meeting?
listens 2 interns but not his constituents. yeah, that's not burying his head in Trump's hinny.  bigot & racist #Indivisible
If we all pitched in and paid you $50,000 like DeVos, would you hold a town hall then?
Did you cut them in on the $50k DeVos gave you?
It's time for you to man up and hold a town hall.  You can't ignore your constituents forever.
how about enjoy answering questions from your constituents from 80211...not paid protesters??
when is our town hall?

best serve? What a joke. Waiting for a town hall. #WheresCory CO 80503
time to hold town hall meetings with the people you represent?  Tired of your tweets and platitudes. I want to see you
like get your bagels
listen to the people of Colorado, not your party bosses in Washington.
answers interns but won't talk to constituents #realtownhall
Look!! @SenCoryGardner , here are your #PAIDPROTESTORS
maybe teach them to LISTEN to constituents!
.@SenCoryGardner you need to answer questions from your constituents not just your interns and staff.
we want a town hall
you continue to ignore voters. We will not forget.
You can best serve the people of Colorado by listening to us and REPRESENTING YOUR CONSTITUENTS
How about holding a town hall and answer some questions from your actual constituents!
when are you going to be in Colorado to answer questions from your constituents? We have plenty...
nice to see your answering someone's questions
did they tell you that your constituents would like a #realtownhall in CO? 80134 #HeyNext
either u have no independent thought process or u rly are just out to pad your own pockets at the expense of morality/logic
YOU ARE SUCH A LIAR! YOU SERVE NO ONE BUT YOUR OWN POLITICAL INTERESTS IN A CUSHY CAREER. GET OUR OF OFFICE.
you might want to answer questions from your constituents. #doyourjob
When's your next Town Hall meeting Cory? Can't wait!!!
Gollygee Cory,  I'll bet that was a fun meeting, Can't imagine all the fun being your intern and handling your hate mail.
And today you AGAIN sided with Trump. Enjoy your single senate term - you are the low hanging fruit in 2020.
I have yet to see how you serve the people of CO.  You are just voting along party lines and kissing up to that PIG #45
Having a town hall would provide u with even more. Says a lot about u that ur not. You don't really want to best serve us
.@SenCoryGardner Enjoyed it? I guess none of them asked why you voted for corrupt cabinet picks like DeVos, Sessions, and Price.
talk to your constitutes #notCoolCory
Did they let you know your constituents want you to hold town meetings? You know, to talk to us face to face?
you should try serving the people of Colorado instead of you blind service to a party!
When are you going to answer questions from your CONSTITUENTS? Remember us? We pay your salary and will vote you out. 2020
but you don't serve the people of Colorado!
how about answering questions from us. Town hall?
when is your next town hall in Colorado? Please hold a town hall as soon as possible.
It is time you had a town hall and answered to your electorate.  What are you so scared of?
Hi Kyle. We spoke today. Hi Jacob. We spoke yesterday. I asked if he voted with constituents or his party. Waiting on answer
wow, guess you are capable of answering questions. Too bad your constituents can't get a seat at the table 11/3/20
were they surprised to hear you could care less about the future of our nations education system or did you pay them off?
why don't you answer questions from your great constituents? #getarealhaircut
can't wait until you have a town hall. It's gonna be so good. I think we want to see your tallies as well.
To interns reading this; be sure to ask him all the hard questions. Challenge him fiercely on his hypocrisy.
Time to put Gardner out to pasture in 2020.
please have a town hall meeting in Fort Collins. I would love you to answer some questions. We voted you in and u r hiding
print copies and hand these out to interns. #Indivisible #theresistance #colorado #weakman
did they ask why you voted for sessions and devos? And why you're ignoring me and other constituents?
don't you mean "to help me serve the best people in Colorado"?
Better chance seeing ballerinas pick up pixie sticks with their butt cheeks than U listening 2 ur constituents #pta #1andout
Town Hall now, Cory! Answer our questions, Cory!
what a job! Intern to a turncoat sellout! I'm sure they tell their parents they work for McDonalds!
YOU, Senator, are NOT serving your constituents!!! You are serving yourself!!! Cannot wait until the next election!
When will you answer your constituents' questions?  We are truly getting sick and tired of you.
did they learn how to be a sellout?
Did you listen to them when they told you that you aren"t listening to your constituents. It'd be great to get a call back
Nice to know you won't be facing your constituents head on. Conference call from Vail? You need a break permanently!
Funny, you don't talk with constituents! When is your next Town Hall? Please give time and place.
.@SenCoryGardner Like answering questions to best serve the people of CO? Meet with them instead of hiding behind a lie of paid protesters.
Your constituents would like to ask you some questions. How about an in person town hall?
How about you answer OUR questions Cory Gardner
I am not a paid protester.  You were bought & paid by Devos shame on you.  Townhall meeting in your office???
Can your interns report the stats on calls,emails,letters received pro/con for each nominee? That's what I would like to see
Still haven't answered our questions. Maybe you should get a new job.
what did they ask about? EPA chief? DeVos vote?
.@SenCoryGardner How about answering questions from your CONSTITUENTS? 

When are your Town Halls back HERE in #Colorado?

#ComeHomeCory
He don't need us or want us . Let's hope the voters remember this when he needs to be reelected . He doesn't get my vote !
But when will you answer questions from your constituents?
.@SenCoryGardner Well I am glad someone is getting answers... Perhaps you can let the rest of us in on it?
When is your next town hall?  We need to talk...
In the letter you sent me, you didn't answer any of my questions. It was pretty obviously a  Cut-n-Paste Fail.
being that you have NO respect for constituents of Colorado we see you Cory, we won't forget.
You need to be answering questions from your Constituents. When is your town hall? Interns don't speak for me
Not feeling best served by you Senator.  More like ignored given your cabinet votes for a racist,  nihilist and incompetent
How about answering questions from your constituents???
Great! I'd love to know when you will make yourself available to answer questions from your constituents?
Ohhh-unpaid interns you listen to. Voters from CO-not so much. I need one of those intern positions!
When will you have a town hall?
"Enjoyed answering questions from our great ..."    I thought he was going to say constituents.
RESIGN. #Colorado teachers agree that CO Schools need help. You clearly have no interest in #education #children or #future
they are doing a great job fielding all of your calls.  Have a townhall, your constituents are waiting.
Sorry but if they expected smart answers from you they were mistaken! All you know is unswerving partisanship right or wrong
If they help you serve the people of colorado then they must have told you to actually listen to your constituents #Colorado
when is the next town hall meeting?
When are you going to have a town hall to answer questions from the people of Colorado?
.@SenCoryGardner And by "serve" the people of Colorado you mean "ignore," "fail to have town hall meetings for," "lie to the press about"
it's too bad people have to pay you or work for you to get your attention.
why don't you actually SERVE your people, instead of ACTING like you do? #townhall #shameful
how much did they give your campaign? Just curious what the going rate is to have you listen to someone.
Senator, where will you be appearing in the state during the upcoming recess? Thanks!
answer questions from us your constituents. Why are you complicit in the Trump Muslim ban #MuslimBan
.  Try talking to the people you are supposed to represent.
bought and paid for. Gardner is OUT in 2020. You only serve those who pay you. Con artist.
do they answer phones? How can you serve people you don't talk to?
any of them know how to book a town hall in CO? I think it would be a great learning opportunity, for YOU and them!
Thank you for having a mind of your own. Cough cough.
Interns are great, but answering questions from constituents is a higher priority.  Are there any upcoming town halls?
I would greatly appreciate it if you would answer questions from your constituents. Or your phone for that matter.
You represent people of Colorado and stop stuffing your pockets w/ your crony's money. Your cheap Rubio got 100K from Devos
