where were you at the town hall meeting you coward
better story is how Denver has prevented Google Fiber expansion due to lobbying by incumbent broadband providers
Breaking News: Have $49 city owned gigabyte service in Longmont. You're a lobbyist for corporate monopolies.
hey @denverpost how about an article looking 4 the lost @SenCoryGardner I'm sure we'd like to know where he's been and who bought him?
why do you even try to care about us?
you can not allow DeVos to cut funding for free lunches at schools, some kids that is all they eat the whole da
Omg Cory... when are you going to listen to your constituents? Shut up until you are giving us a date townhall
does the #denverpost have any stories on missing congressmen?
Great @denverpost story on the lengths CO voters have to go to get @SenCoryGardner's attention. Read it here: http://dpo.st/2m2DWs5 
Great @denverpost story on Google's wireless gigabit broadband service coming to Denver. Read it here: http://goo.gl/Wiq71Y 
Could you mention Google to this administration,they seem confused on what is "fake news" speak up for the press
when will you reply to my questions about health care? Or don't you care?
how about meeting with your constituents in a town hall meeting?
Keep net neutrality! Stop FCC head from destroying our internet!
Net neutrality issue is coming up again - we definitely need to keep an eye on @SenCoryGardner on this.
why did you back Betsy DeVos? Transgender students are now at risk.
Wish it was coming to rural areas. We still have no real internet out here.
Great news article in The New Yorker about Gardner ducking out of his responsibilities to Coloradans. So sad.
Virtual Cory, are you safe? Constituents want to know!
why did you back Jeff Sessions?  You placed citizens of Colorado at risk of discrimination.
If I were Cory I'd be hiding too. Can't believe he's showing his face in CO.  What a sell out.
I know a bunch of Google engineers in Boulder.  They hate your environment/education/de-reg crap to a person.
dusgust that elected official Gardner will not show up for town hall meet w/his constituents tonight in Denver.
don't give that liberal rag more clicks
@CNN & @nytimes kept out of today's Gaggle? Is my fine senator also beholden to Breitbart/Pravda? #DeVosvote
How much damage will you allow from Trump before demanding an investigation?
Why did you avoid hosting a town hall? Why do you call angry voters, paid protesters?
Hi @SenCoryGardner @denverpost Are you somehow taking credit? Why don't you attend our Town Hall?  #WillCoryShow #WheresCory  #HearUsCory
Great @denverpost story about @SenCoryGardner's unwillingness to meet w/ his constituents. Read it here: http://dpo.st/2lNEX6c 
Great @denverpost story on Google's wireless gigabit broadband service coming to Denver. Read it here: http://goo.gl/Wiq71Y 
Town Hall tonight in your honor.  Show up and do your JOB!

Perhaps you should google "How to hold a town hall".  A second would be "How to not get reelected"
Great story in the New Yorker about you hiding from your constituents. Glad you have time to read the paper.
Oh good! Now we can have the definitions of terms like "accountability" and "representation" even faster!
WOW, this will provide speedy coverage of your town hall mtgs with constituents! Oh wait, YOU DON'T ATTEND!! :(
Will you fight to uphold the Internet Lifeline program for low income families? If not you're taunting them.
.@SenCoryGardner @denverpost From the looks of it, Google's broadband will be coming to Denver sooner than you will.
.@SenCoryGardner
KEEP THE NET NEUTRAL FOREVER.
My taxes paid for its discovery and existence.
Town hall please
How about a story on our missing senator? #wherescory
that just means more progressive citizens will be moving to Colorado to vote you out! #thankyougoogle
Walker recall got 900k+ sigs. #Gardner recall needs 510k. Wi population: 5.7 mill. Co population: 5.3 mill.
State constitution permits recall of all public officials. Federal level uncertain, Supreme Court never ruled on this issue. Let's find out
2000 volunteers across state would need to collect 5 signs per day over 60 day period.
Also, think of how many thousands of signatures could be collected on a single day at a big rally
Even better, a series of "Town Halls" organized around the recall effort and collecting signatures, with an open invite to @SenCoryGardner
@indivisibleCO3 @coloradodems Any interest in probing recall petition?
New Jersey state Supreme Court blocked US senator recall effort, but in a split decision. Not a settled question by any means.
where is the town hall, you coward?  You don't deserve to work for me.
there was an even greater story about you and an elevator.  Be a man for once and speak to your constituents!!
I'd like a story on your opinion of lifetime caps and pre-existing conditions at your town hall.  #willcoryshow
YOUR a coward hiding behind twitter.  U will be VOTED out for NOT representing us. #impeachGardner.
dude. Are you even paying attention? At all? Read the room.

Google! Fast Internet! High Treason?!
you don't need high speed internet to know that your job involves meeting constituents. (Not just major donors.) See u today
cool story Bro. Now how about holding a town hall?
you know what would be great you having a town hall. I'm also really looking forward to 11/03/2020.
I have a suggestion for a story,how about you hold a town hall?Broadband-old news. Constituents have 2020 vision
good for google. now, how about coming to the town hall tonight? we'd love to hear this from you in person.
.@SenCoryGardner @denverpost @mitzirapkin So glad to see you read the Post! Let us know what you think of it on Sunday. #unpaid #DoYourJob
When you post this but won't answer questions from any constituents it looks bad, makes you appear aloof.
You'll gain our respect & give Coloradans hope if you come to the town hall today in Denver. Be brave.
stop fishing for money and meet your constituents.
when are you coming to Denver?
#whereiscory #whereisgooglefiber
great, you had nothing to do with it. You have little to do with anything meaningful so at least meet with us!
Cory, where are you?
Collecting corporate bucks
Doing their bidding

#haiku
#FreeTheDevos50k
George Soros personally sent $250 to my PayPal for that haiku.  Please enjoy it on your plane back to DC next week.
Great story on the missing Colorado GOP Senator! APB sent out by constituency. Rumor has it, Twitter acct is bot
@maddow Stop w/ the pointless tweets! Would love to meet with you in ColoSpgs/Fountain #notpaid
Nothing to do with you. Russian collusion, healthcare, legal weed, transgender rights.... DO YOUR JOB
Town hall, please.  Listen to the amazing, Gaby Giffords.
When's your next town hall that you'll actually show up for Senator? I'm a voting constituent from 80124
hm doesn't seem to be getting through, no problem we can spell it out for you: TOWN     HALL
