What about the fact that train horns can save lives?  Not to say that there isn't reason to reduce noise 1/2
2/2but warning that something that big and unstoppable is coming is also a good thing
Our senator wouldn't know a worthy cause if it hit him square in his head.
You're just another hater, because he's a Conservative. As am I.
Troll on.
Perhaps, while motorbiking, she'll be hit by one of those non-horn blowing trains and learn to care about ACA availability
Margaret. You're uneventful. Thx.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
That's what was similarly reported for Bear Stearns before September 2008. That's when they went out of business. #Hype
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
Bahahahahahahahaha!!!!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
There again...THIS IS OBAMACARE. #MyPresident proposed opening up the free insurance provider market. Single payer is socialism.Doesn't work
Nope #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA  #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This is wild. The tax cuts 400 families get from the BCRA equals the Medicaid expansion for 700,000+ people. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan …
Speaking of trains @SenCoryGardner, do you have any plans to bail your runaway train of BS to hold a town hall?
Liberals just have to make attention whores of themselves. Nothing would get done at a town hall. Bunch of blubbering libtards.
Attention whoring like parking a fire truck on my lawn? Posing nude? Wearing fur coats?
Not sure. Depends on the season. Though, liberals seek constant attention and validation by We Conservatives. I shall ponder . Thx.
You know what is not a concern to Coloradans? Train noise! We have a whole list of priorities we would be happy to share in a town halls.
Town hall? Why? To be shouted down by liberals who want wide open borders and a nanny state? No, thanks@
It's his job to listen to citizens he can't do that by avoiding everyone
Colorado is full of LIBERALS who only want to moan and complain, with zero solutions! If they would submit educated arguments, perhaps.
It's more that our solutions don't happen to align with your belief set. We generally aren't of the ilk to burn it all to the ground.
R u kidding me? Train noise? What about fixing the #ACA instead of repealing it. U r hopeless. #VoteCoryOut #WhereIsCory #OneTermCory
Seriously?!? How about talking about Russian meddling, Trump campaign collusion , health care ..train noise is not a pressing matter.
Thank you for having this discussion. Columbia, SC and many other cities  want to solve this, too! @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott
You're trying to take away healthcare, and talking about horns? Wow, what's next on your agenda, cow farts?
Cow farts are serious business. A cow produces more carbon dioxide than a car!
Have a town hall meeting to discuss Health Care!!  Your constituents deserve to have at least the same coverage you have!
Would that you might give your constituents the same courtesy. Do your handlers let you see these entreaties from so many of us? #OneAndDone
Senator Gardner,  Trump is not a good role model.  He is an opprobrium to our country and to any that supports him.  Stand up to him.
Yawn
Why didn't you come out against health care repeal?! Or hold a town hall?!
Train noises scrambled his brain 
Great! It's totally obscene the train blasts its horn endlessly around intersections. Why not use the bell and use horn for emergencies?
oh yea, this sounds important. VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE! We need our healthcare, not partisan politics. Keep and improve the ACA!
So glad you think this is the highest priority in CO! How about infrastructure, HC, education & immigrant rights? How about listening to us!
- thanks for tackling the big problems. Keep up the great work!!!
Lol
It takes courage to tackle these serious issues. #onetermcory #wherescory
Kinda pathetic given parts of #Colorado are still having major economic struggles due to federal policies, over regulation #Fail #copolitics
That used to be the sound of progress. What's next. Ambulance sirens?
You are stripping health care from thousands of Colorado's ill, poor & elderly, but you're concerned by train nose?! Incredible.
Boy Cory you are really looking out for top priorities. When 20 to 30 mill. people lose health insurance They'll be glad you had their backs
Thank you @SenCoryGardner. In my town, Paonia, hundreds of us deal with decibel levels damaging to sleep, health, work, daily life.
Mention it and I'm accused of being anti-coal and even threatened.
If we promise to talk about train noise, will you have an in-person town hall?
Can we play a train noise every time words leave his mouth?
Oh my goodness! I love the sound of a train horn! Aren't they an important to safety measure? Especially in rural areas?
Oh my goodness, then you must love the sound of a leaf blower suddenly starting up next to your head when you're deep in sleep.
Does a leaf blower going off next to your head save lives?
Also, pretty sure the railroad was there before you were
Zero logic in that silly tweet. Try thinking before you spout.
@SenBennetCO, instead of wasting your time on frivolous things like health care, you join CorCor in the battle against TRAIN HORNS!
Cory Gardner: Nowhere Man https://youtu.be/vMz0OJKekms   via @YouTube
So that's what's keeping you from fixing the problem with I-25 and hundreds of accidents every week
Hugely important for many of us and IS a health issue. BTW modern train horns don't sound charming and conductors untrained and merciless.
Oooo train horn noise. Maaajor issue right now. Thanks Cory! You really seem to be listening to your constituents. But really tho, town hall
Ooooooo train horn noise! I'm dying 
Unbelievable!  Millions of peoples' health care in the balance and you're gonna fix train noise??  You're a disgrace
Haha train horn noise. Awesome. Good work. Hope you enjoy your last term
Really? ! Horn noise? Focus on real issues health care, election security, cyber security, our state department.   Stand up for CO & USA !
I might have to see the doctor bc of the train horns damage to my ears but I won't have health care. Thx for your concern for our community!
Train horn noise. How bout the catastrophe you created w deathcare? Oh, and about that treason you're suborning. ..
I bet he told you horns are needed to alert cars to trains. It's an unfortunate but needed part of urban growth
I grew up in a rural area (Not Colorado) and you just get used to it. Or use ear plugs. Grow a pair people.
Seriously?
Are these by chance the same communities that will be wrecked by #ACA repeal? @indivisiblefrr @indivisibleden
THIS is what you think is more important than healthcare!? Set up meetings with Dems and get it worked out!
Phew glad @SenCoryGardner has nothing to legislate other than train noise!
Wow, you're really working hard and thinking about important things. Not. #onetermsenator
Seriously? THIS is what my tax dollars pay for? A senator who will discuss this but not speak out against 32M losing healthcare?!?!  Coward!
Will GOP healthcare cover the tinnitus the train noise caused? Broken bones?  Preventive care? Appendectomies? Cancer? #healthcareisaright
Gov't regulation is the cause.
At this point, he is just posting this crap just to irritate Coloradans. He knows he's done, more importantly we KNOW he is done. #byecory
craven @SenCoryGardner: you completely decided on train noise. good. but u r still undecided on health care? what is WRONG with you, man?
Really? This is the critical issue you find most worthy of your time and attention right now? Shame on you!! Meet with your constituents!
Who's got you? Talk about affordable healthcare, Russia.
Yea.. because train horns are a priority. Coward. Attend a town hall!
Now I understand why you don't tweet about Healthcare, you have more important things to deal with.
Train horn noises??? Cory, pace yourself. Quit taking on such complex, life changing issues. How do you do it
Or, hell, just answering our calls would be a nice first step.
How about meeting with, I don't know...your constituents?! The ones who elected you?
How the hell does he get a one on one about train noise but you can't hold a town hall to discuss healthcare? #OutOfTouch
So a hypothetical, if someone gets hit and injured by a hornless train, going forward will that be a preexisting condition? 1/
What am I thinking? It won't matter because nobody will have health insurance except for MOC's. 2/2
When you're done, let's talk about 32 million Americans who'll lose health care. How are you going to vote on the repeal bill?
#WeWillReplaceYou
What about saving our trains? Amtrak funding???
Yippee!  No train horns. That makes up totally for taking healthcare away from 22 million Americans.
Russia, Putin, Health Care, Tax Reform, Not Disclosing Tax Returns, Donny Jr and Train Noise    WOW
Why? Because you have no guts to talk about healthcare, no respect for the common person, and you are scared of Trump.
problems train horns cause? How about the problems GOP healthcare will cause?  You can't even defend the GOP bill?  Why?
Train noise is nothing compared to losing health care.
What causes more problems for Colorado communities is when their senator totally ignores them and their needs.
Trains make noise!  Such a non issue
Out of touch.
Getting to the issues that really affect Coloradans.  Thanks Sen. Gardner.
Really? Trump is colluding with Putin, killing Americans' health care, tearing apart families, and you're talking about TRAIN WHISTLES?
Train horn noise, seriously? What about saving our healthcare, investigating #TrumpRussia and voter suppression?
Way to prioritize @SenCoryGardner
Why haven't you resigned yet?
I lived in a Western Colorado valley w/ trains. If train didn't come through at right time I would bolt straight up in bed. Worthless topic.
But Cory - the real issue is YOUR SUPPORT FOR MCCONNELLCARE.

WHEN WILL YOU COME TO YOUR SENSES AND DENOUNCE THAT TRASH?

REPEAL GARDNER...
Day sleepers(RNs) are disturbed by noise...then again, the complacency u have demonstrated is more disturbing.
Train horn noise. Are you kidding Cory?
I want to be serious people, there is an epidemic sweeping this nation that must be adddresed now: opioids, j/k it's trains and their noises
OMG! WTF! Trains....this is the big leagues people, fucking trains.... cho-cho.
Horn noise problems?  Why not wear a t-shirt that says "I am a US Senator & I am so out of touch?"  Get with it Cory.  Represent #Colorado

We don’t care. Are you with the voters of CO or are you against us? Answer NOW! Vote NO on any form of #TrumpCare  . Vote NO on #ACA repeal.
#trainhornnoise.  #coryisajoke
Great to see you working on this issue...sleep disruption is not good for Coloradans! Motorcycles also cause a lot of noise pollution.
Concerned  citizens in Fountain, Secutity, and Widefield don't have drinkable water...but please tell me more about train horn noise....
Senator Gardner sits on some impressive committees. Too bad he is a Republican schill --  party over country. Shameful.
If you truly cared about our health you would stand up against what your party is doing to destroy health care
#copolitics
Yes-train horns... this is what keeps cancer patients without health insurance up at night.

He has constituents arrested to avoid talking to them. Folks, we can't wait until 2020. Demand his resignation.
Really tackling those issues, huh?  Not healthcare, tax reform, or veteran services...  Train noise.  Way to be!
Worry about health care, stop picking ridiculous issues and be our representative.
Since it is glaringly obvious you have thrown in the towel when it comes to being a public servant I think the next step is indisputable.
Choo choo trains? What is it with you and Cheeto Benito liking things with big engines? Inverse proportion rule would be my guess.
Train horns?? You've got to be kidding!! What about health care, infrastructure, tax reform, what an idiot!
if you succeed gutting Obama care. Many people will be broke if they get sick and will have to live outside near the tracks....
Wow...train noise. How many Coloradans does that affect? 2%? Meanwhile healthcare affects us all. 80517. #unpaid.
is tackling the pressing issues for Coloradans, as usual. Let the other senators handle all the heavy lifting, right Cory?
I met w/ Ronald Batory, the @USDOTFRA Administrator nominee to discuss train horn noise and the problems it has caused for CO communities. 
You're a one term pony, Sen. Gardner. Enjoy this BS while you can. I cannot WAIT to vote you out of office.
POTUS said today he would let the ACA fail. Do you support or reject that approach? What does fellow Senator @SenBennetCO think?
I love it . You can meet with everyone but NO Town Hall meetings with your constituents. Dig your hole deeper. It's time to impeach  you!
Whoa! Solving train noise. Now that's a noble endeavor! Gonna just lve the insignificant items like healthcare on the table? Good for u. NOT
thank you for working on this important issue. It has been foremost in the minds of everyone. How about a townhall to discuss in more detail
Such a contrast of what you are focused on vs @SenBennetCO
Living in an area with train horn noise, I can tell you this is the least of our problems. You wouldn't know because you won't face us.
A much more vital issue than health care. Thanks for keeping your priorities straight.
You...  you're kidding right?  Is this a joke?  Are we being trolled?
handle noise at state level. US senator drops ball on health, environment, Russia, cabinet & ignores his constituents.
Senator we need help on healthcare. Don't just let ACA fail or repeal. We need you to LEAD our govmt to solutions.
Explain to us your comments about the failure of the GOP repeal/replace and repeal only bills. You were front and center with McConnell
You care about Coloradoans?? Give me a break.
Really? This is what you think is important?
Coward Cory conitinues to hide behind FaceBook & Twitter, refuses to meet w/ his constituents to answer questions about healthcare & Russia.
You're talking train horns and @SenBennetCO  is talking voter commission and DACA! You are pathetic!
Sen Bennet is discuss DACA & voting commission. You're discussing train horns. Pathetic!
I'm sure it's a problem but is this what truly needs your focus? What about getting off the "Turtle Train" and focus on our needs?
Thank you @SenCoryGardner for recognizing a burning issue. We are fighting for healthcare, you're addressing train noise.Way to be in touch
Thank you! Did you guys talk abt the dangers posed to CO by McConnell plan to repeal ACA with no replacement plan?
Pro tip: don't tell us what you are doing unless it is about #Healthcare or #RussiaGate. #trainwreck #whereiscory
Cory, it's sad that you made yourself a target with this tweet. Obviously, train horns r not a major concern in CO now
Hey Ronald,
Build the median Barriers, maintain lights & rails & stop honking in Cory's neighborhood. We'd like a meeting w/ absent Senator!
Now, let's get back to HealthCare and setting up that Town Hall Meeting for CO Spgs.
You know, El Paso County, Huge district, Mid-State.
Is this a joke?
Tell him: "Don't blow the horn." Problem solved. It takes your involvement to do this? How about a "no" vote on dangerous healthcare plan?
BTW, horns aren't the issue-vital for safety. It's changing the crossings with median barriers, keeping rails/lights maintained.
Fixed/Done.
A step forward @SenCoryGardner actually said the word #Colorado! Bets on when he will focus on #Colorado issues? When pigs fly?
My family and I are fond of the train horn. Please don't get rid of it completely
Meanwhile in COLORADO SPRINGS, citizens ARE still demanding a TOWN HALL MEETING to discuss Healthcare!
How many ppl got arrested for complaining abt Train Horn Noise Vs HealthCare reform...oh right, ZERO!
Train horn noise Vs programs for the the dead or hearing impaired, that should be covered in a Bi-Partisan  HealthCare meeting.
Amazing how you have allllllll this time to meet with individuals.... but not your constituents. Come and let us say hello to you coward.
Train Horns Vs HealthCare...which one Blows more?
 Vs
Priorities for #corythecreep:train whistles and tin pot dictators.  Hope you choke on lunch with President Nutso, you insufferable toady!
Cory Gardner, has a shameless train horn meeting while THOUSANDS are at risk of losing their HealthCare under Trump's shameless H.C. Bills.
And when someone is killed on a railroad crossing, you can have more meetings sharing your concerns, etc.
Train horns are detrimental to those dying from ZERO HEALTHCARE!
Man, that train noise fix is gonna be muy helpful when I'm confined to my home w/a terminal illness & no insurance. @CocoDavies
HA HA HAHA HA of course Gardner's working on real crucial stuff right now
see bree, the neighborhoods affected by the train noise are up&coming & those ppl can afford healthcare bc they chose not to be poor so.
Train horns?
In the meantime Colo Springs citizens have been begging, Nay, IMPLORING you for a Town Hall Meeting.
#arresstedinyouroffice!
Ooooh, the Big Issues. You are SO brave Cory! (Full on snark intended!)
Did you really blame democrats for the failed GOP bill they had no say in? You suck.
How many people in train accidents are on expanded Medicaid in our state.Screw the horn noise. horns needed.medicaid needed.1 term senator
The only thing Crooked Cory listens to is $. The only way he will do the right thing is if we can offer him more $ than the Koch brothers.
Your joking right? Train noise is at the top of your list? #Resign
He hasn't heard all of his constituents shouts over all of the train noise!
Oh.  My.  Freaking.  God.  This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever freaking seen.  This is why @CardboardCoryCO is a better rep.
You should try meeting with your constituents, Senator (80111)
Train horn noise does not bother me. I hear then at union station, Arvada what bothers me is your #healthcare bill vote no on repeal
Know what is causing CO problems @GOP wanting to repeal ACA, instead fixing it??! Koch Bros live in KS, not CO!!!
Wow Cory!  You're really working on those things that your constituents are concerned with. Oh, wait, you don't talk to your constituents!
I'd feel so much better if you had your sleeves rolled up in meeting with republicans to repeal Obamacare.
seriously? $20T debt, Healthcare, ISIS, religious intolerance ... and you're talking train horn noise? SMH. Priorities!
Maybe you could also meet with regular 'ol Coloradans to discuss healthcare?
Did you discuss health care cause that is a bigger issue than train horn noise. #2020vision
*record screech*
*freeze frame*
"So, you're probably wondering how I got myself into this situation."
You hilarious Cory Gardner. Ppl are worried about their continued health care and you: "Let's get to the bottom of this train horn thing."
Wow, really tackling the serious issues there, Cory.
THIS is what you find to be an "important" issue? What a waste of taxpayer $. Town hall time, COWARD! OUT IN 2020!
Horn noise? Are you kidding me. How about health care?
Hey Cory! Be sure to fill us in on what you & 45 have for lunch today too. #orangechicken
you are really out of touch with what is important to Colorado so!
How would you know what the communities want if you can't even have a town hall? Why won't you meet with us?
Really hitting those tough issues. #blessed. 
While you were doing that, there were protesters in your COS office asking for a town hall and concerned about healthcare.
But please, tell me more about this horn noise...
Has "train horn noise" cost 22 million Americans their Health Care? No? So then how about you work on serving our actual needs?
I am way more bothered that I won't be able to retire because of the nonsense the Republicans are pulling with the ACA.
You should meet with your constituents and discuss your shilling for a traitor and screwing people out of their healthcare
Seriously train noise?  That's not exactly top of mind right now. Talk to us about #HealthcareBill !
Wow! I need to talk about my neighbors noisy lawn mower,right now!
Wow, what a great job you're doing. Why haven't you been willing to discuss to discuss healthcare, which affects many more?Coward. Trumpkin
Wow really addressing the tough issues 
Bc THATS the most important thing you should be dealing with in our amazing state. Smh
2020
Wow Cory. I'm completely wrong about you. This is the important work that us Coloradans are very concerned about.... 

Resign!
Get the WH voting commission shut down it is inappropriate
Train noise > His constituents' healthcare. Glad Gardner has his priorities straight!
Thank you @SenCoryGardner for tackling the really tough issues.  Your courage is inspiring.  
Do you have to call Donnie to figure out what you think about this?
I don’t think this issue is your constituents think is a top priority. GOP trying to destroy healthcare & programs. A town hall be nice 
Brilliant. Why don't you say anything about healthcare. I take it you're taking the cowards way out. Way to show your true colors
Train horn noise aggravates my tinnitus, a condition that is currently being treated thanks to coverage I receive via the ACA.
Just pray their hearing doesn't require medical care. Failed leadership.
Delete your account.
That's one way to encourage open discourse and democracy.
Right. Because @SenCoryGardner twitter account is a font of transparency, information, and constituent services and not bland propaganda.
Way to rise above. Two wrongs don't make a right. Low brow insults on Twitter always work.
Dude. @SenCoryGardner is the least accessible senator in the US-refuses to meet constituents. Twitter is the only way to get his attention.
And I'm sure he's going to reply to "delete your account" because it's so professional and polite.
Are you serious @SenCoryGardner ? Listened to @SenBennetCO on #NPR. Great info on what matters. You declined to be on. Train horns too loud?
Where's Cory
You don't talk about it in public, and don't take our questions: can you please suggest how we can learn about your position on healthcare?
