What an amazing opportunity to have Senator Cory Gardner in site today. @PaulaPleasT @CallieField @719ECET @Dan_DiGirolamo 
Telecoms are among your biggest donors, and you supported Ajit Pai, Who is canceling net neutrality
Almost as bad as the $50K you took from the DeVos family
Ohh $50K, if he gave it back would that make you happy?
If it meant he'd stop selling out the country for donations, yes.
I understand but people act like he is the only one accepting money and changing things single handedly
Not the only one, but one of them, and selling out his constituents to do it.
Just because he isn't doing what you dems want him to do you cry like a baby, good luck complaining about everything
Lol...oh yea, resorting to name calling and attempted slights. Because that's all you have.
How about representing Colorado and not big money? Your constituents are many and your days in office are numbered. #ACA #fakeTownHall
https://twitter.com/puppymnkey/status/876152147339096067 …
I hear you fined your constituents who waited to talk to you! You don't represent the people!
Don't you dare vote yes on #Trumpcare. That monster bill will see millions of lives ruined. You vote for it and we destroy you 2020.
Hardworking Coloradans ask you to ensure open debate and full access to a draft of the healthcare bill.  We deserve to offer input!
Let's start a repeal @SenCoryGardner campaign? He seems to disgust most people in his home state
Lynn Biederstadt Why would your team threaten peaceful protestors in an office that WE pay for? And why are you hiding the healthcare plan?
Thank you @SenCoryGardner for visiting #ElPasoCountyCO and for working to reduce regs and help businesses put people in good #jobs
So, your next town hall is when? You can interact with so many hardworking constituents there and explain how cool it is to take healthcare!
You know who else would like to have you? Your constituents at live town halls throughout our state. P.S. Not a paid protestor #DoYourJob
I just read you are a. Onward who is afraid of his constituents. Is that true?
Maybe someday you'll have a meeting with your constituents at a town hall.   Maybe someday
Hopefully you won't take away their healthcare.  You're out of a job if this healthcare bill ends up being a tax break for the wealthy-COS
Did you have fun having folks exercising their 1st amendment right to protest ticketed?
So does this mean you're having a town hall soon?
When healthcare bill comes up for vote, any senator that believes in democracy must vote no and convene a bipartisan committee for new bill
If you like meeting people, host a town hall. Let's also see that healthcare bill.
He won't because he is a chicken sh*t
Hard Working Employees that need 2 stay healthy, Your Vote Will let us know if you value HEALTH AND HARD WORK
And I had a great time getting a group of constituents arrested because I'm too much of a coward to talk to them.
Where's Cory
all that while you're having your constituents arrested for simply sitting outside your office. You're an @$$hole
Yet tou cannot meet with the people you serve... interesting.
Coward Traitor!  GTH
I hope they got a chance to ask you tough questions about the WealthCare bill that the rest of us are not allowed to talk to you about.
Show us the bill, Mr. Gardner.  Show us the bill!
Maybe they will hire you when the state of Colorado fires you!
The fact that the senate health care bill is being drafted in secret is unacceptable. Please vote NO on any attempts to repeal the ACA.
Gee @SenCoryGardner think of how many hard working Coloradans you could meet at an in person town hall!
We're sick of paying your salary, and your travel costs, for u to avoid your constituents. Pls just resign if you don't want to do your job.
Out of CO this week but I'll still take time to let everyone know how your screwing your constituents on healthcare to serve your masters.
#ShowThePlan
While you were there, there were about 60 constituents at your Denver office who want to talk about healthcare. When do we get our chance?
Jobs, lower taxes, better HEALTHCARE (not just "insurance"),  reduce debt so grandkids aren't stuck w gov unable to do anything but pay int.
@robls1978 @PaulaPleasT @CallieField @719ECET Senator, making any calls about that healthcare legislation you are hiding?
CAN YOU HEAR ME NOW CORY?????????
#realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall
#realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall #realtownhall
Y in hell can't U meet with constituents? What R U afraid of if U R really doing your job?Y is your schedule secret?Y is healthcare secret?
Now make sure women's health is accessible!!
Stand up for President Trump.
That's awesome. When are you going to have a town hall meeting to hear your constituents?
What, no Town Hall!?!
https://twitter.com/cleanairmoms/status/875895838115065856 … not sure if you saw this but you are in a purple state and we the American people are watching.
Colorado Springs group unveils new billboards promoting clean air http://ow.ly/yixx30cEHrO  via @FOX21News @CleanAirMoms_CO
And just this morning your staff said they didn't know your schedule. Hmmm .... somebody's lying  @indivisiblefrr @indivisibleden
Way to avoid your constituents who want to ask you REAL questions of substance. #Loser #2020
Ask @SenCoryGardner to vote down the anti-democratic #AHCA
#Denver #ColoradoSprings #Aurora #FortCollins #Colorado #ShowUsTheBill
You can't visit businesses and pretend you care about the #Colorado economy. You confirmed #JeffSessions who wants to destroy our economy
Town hall needed on the AHCA.  You need to listen to your constituents and not rubber stamp this. Why all the secrecy? Honor Colorado!
#WeWillReplaceYou
Those hardworking people need affordable heath care
Are you plotting to take our health insurance subsidies away, though? That's the only way I can afford insurance,
Your constituents would love to host an open town hall you!
When are you having a town Hall? We want to discuss HEALTH CARE, why are you hiding?
#McConnellsBitch #Coward #OneTermSenator
Did you have a great time Cory? #OneTermSenator
Why was this a secret? Stop hiding. We want to talk about health care!
It was not public knowledge.  He's running scared.
And stay true to your word & make Senate health bill TRANSPARENT We deserve to know what you and @SenateMajLdr are up to. Our lives at stake
If you held town halls instead of only visiting corporations and govt officials, protestors wouldn't need to get your attn other ways.
What? No time available to meet with lowly citizens for a town hall? Of course not. Had some questions about #GOPdoesn'tcare
You can make @SenateMajLdr show you the bill. Alone or together w/others, you can make him. Don't pretend you can't when you won't.
You were elected to represent everybody in the state. Hiding and meeting only with special interests is cowardly and not democratic
Coward Cory continues to avoid his constituents. What a weak Senator we have in Colorado.
When are you going to hold a town hall? Your constituents have some words for you. Probably even some questions.
@SenBennetCO went and met with constituents about health care, you know not a feel good photo op at the phone store.
YOU WORK FOR US! YOU GET YOUR HEALTHCARE FROM US! Take it away from us & you may find trouble ahead ( in your political career).
See how fun it is to interact with your constituents? Now how about meeting with hardworking citizens throughout CO? Hold an open town hall.
You really ticketing your constituents who want to talk about healthcare?  If you do, RESIGN. Someone else will actually want to DO THE.JOB.
We're any, like non-screened questions allowed?  Any non-platitude noBS blather you want to share w the rest of us?
You had to pay to talk with you, right? Seems wrong sir! We pay YOU!
Re-evaluate your priorities
Healthcare? Healthcare? Healthcare? Healthcare? Healthcare? Just in case you're missing the point, what's in the Senate Healthcare bill?
You need to talk to your staff about the way they deal with constituents. They represent you and you don't look very good right now.
This CG guy doesn't care about you ar me. Our words are like water off a duck's back. The solution is to get angry and motivated and vote.
Seriously, you got 1,671 individual PAC contributions from T-Mobile employees and less than 2% were from COLORADO? What's up with that?
Senator, how about you also meet with the constituents currently waiting at your office? (Because you won't do a town hall!) #copolitics
Was this a quid pro quo for the $$ the company's PAC put into your campaign fund? Why did nearly all of it come from non-Colorado residents?
T
O
W
N
H
A
L
L
You ought to read these responses. Wanna know why your gop friends were shot at?
If you HEAR the people, you wont need to FEAR the people.
How much did they pay you?
Hey! Social media intern! This constant refusal to address our very real concerns about the AHCA feels like a deliberate insult. Not helpful
Town hall or not you are one and done sir.
Will you insist on transparency and regular order for any Senate legislation on health care?  What must be included for you to vote yes?
How about meeting with hard working Coloradans at an open town hall?  We want to talk to you about our health care.
Where's the debate on the healthcare bill?
u r quite the piece of work, craven cory. who, exactly, do you think buys all this happy horsepucky? REAL TOWN HALL! what's in senate ahca?
When are u going to have in-person town hall? U are only one of my congressional reps that has not done that yet. Does not show leadership.
& time 2 meet with Duterte?Yet,never a minute for a town hall?SAD Cory. & say where is that health care bill? Do u enjoy schmoozing w/Mitch?
Good ol' boy, Mitch, is showing Gardner the ropes on how to avoid constituents and to meet in secret.
Cory isn't meeting with ANYONE who doesn't line his pockets with bribe money.
there are other cities in Colorado with hard-working people that you never show your face in — why is that, Senator?
Share more about your visit - future changes, etc. 
"I'm working as hard as I can to make sure you can't afford healthcare, but I can't talk about it, super secret stuff, you know.."
When are you going to meet with hardworking Coloradoans at a public town hall where your concerned constituents can ask you questions?
Can you go back to Washington and stop the American Health Care Act? Or at least tell Coloradans what's in it?
Did you actually talk to any of them? That seems difficult for you, taking to your constituents.
Too bad you miss opportunities to have a true town hall with your constituents. Just one photo op after another. Not impressed. #voteout2020
Trying to sneak the AHCA through with out the deserved review. You are a coward if you let Mitch M ram this through with out input from US
You are in CO?  But won't see us?  What's up with stealth #ahca Senate bill. You promised transparency!  @indivisiblefrr @indivisibleden
While @SenBennetCO , Hickenlooper and others are working to improve healthcare for Coloradans. But hey, Cruel Cory's gotta Cruel!
Please bring the healthcare bill into the light for all to see & discuss w/ your constituents. Talking w/ us fosters trust. Hiding doesn't.
Since U were just hanging around the Springs, why didn't U hold a real town meeting and hear what the rest of your constituents think of U?
Another closed meeting to a select group. It's time for OPEN, IN-PERSON TOWN HALLS throughout CO, dude.
Vote NO on AHCA if you want any chance at being re-elected
Show us the bill!?! We demand it.
Thanks for recognizing the hard workers. Please find ways of bringing back the middle class!
"I thanked them for paying for my healthcare while working hard to make sure they can't get any."   ~ Trump Rubber Stamp, C. Gardner
Glad you are meeting with constituents.  Now remember that you promised open hearings and debate on Trumpcare.  You promised.
That's great. Any, you know, *public* events? Have lots of questions, and I want answers.
Like what's in the AHCA? What's the impact to me? To my daughter? Are you too scared to tell us?
Did you discuss #Healthcare?
Did you tell them what is in the health bill your committee is secretly crafting? Because you really should tell somebody.
Jeez, Cory. You're so dense. We want to hear from you on HEALTH CARE! QUIT AVOIDING THE TOPIC! What's the damn plan?! 
