JUST IN: Pres. Trump orders US Cyber Command elevated to a Unified Combatant Command. http://nbcnews.to/2ibxE8n 

Just try and stop us!
Really Senator? As the Mooch has said, "The fish stinks from the head." The GOP needs to #ImpeachTrump now.  Join Sen. Corker.
Impeach why? We didn't impeach Obama for the mess we are in. We didn't impeach bush for the mess we are in.
Well for starters Russian collusion, nepotism, violation of the a emolumates clause, supporting KKK racism and destroying democracy...
Trump was praised by minorities before. Now Some in the left r trying to silence a gp via news,educ, intimidation. They r destroying dmcrcy.
Guadalupe is a bot, I traced the IP address and check her followers their all corporation sponsored. Best of luck. No hard feelings
Que es un bot? I will speak up. Deja de estar mintiendole a la gente. I am a proud Trump supporter and will say my piece.
Well as long as Trump ordered it, I feel good about it
Rumor has it you plan to sensor our President? For what? Saying that two wrongs were involved in Charlottesville! You'd never get my vote!
Aren't u missing me point? There's an elephant in the room and it's a mentally ill person posing as President. @RealDonaldTrFan @RepTipton
I like this, the stuff with a racial b******* you know isn't true and get on with the agenda of the president
You should not praise this administration in any way. They and @POTUS are a disgrace
CORY GARDNER YOU TO NOT REPRESENT TRUMP SUPPORTERS AND WE WILL NOT VOTE FOR YOU AGAIN IF YOU TRY TO SILENCE HIM! HE HAS FREE SPEECH AND HE
IS THE POTUS 63 MILLION VOTED FOR! WE LIKE HIS WAYS AND WE EXCEPT HIM AS IS, WE VOTED FOR HIM BECAUSE OF HOW HE IS, OUR CHOICE, LET IT GO!
Hey take a look. You and @SenBobCorker and @LindseyGrahamSC could work on these things.
Actions Republicans can take to protect the country from Trump without compromising conservative values. /via @mattyglesias 
We the ppl support our President! Why don't you!
You're ignoring his racist comments? His support for white supremacists and neo Nazis? Do you have any backbone?Any integrity?Condemn  POTUS
@POTUS Per Trump's previous comments... I really don think Russia should've included... or the Alt-Right... Or the Neo-Nazis...
computers shouldn't be the lifeline of any country. that's a stupid set-up for failure.
Cory, one of the biggest cyber threats is Trump's unhinged Twitter feed. You gonna do something about that?
So what are you doing to help combat the one that ruined our 2016 election? Country over party, Cory.
Your pueblo office Secretary tried to tell me you're only one in 100 votes. Please fire her. She has no idea what she is doing there
Are these the same cyber threats that Russia used against us during the election?  I wonder if POTUS or even you believes they interfered?
@SenCoryGardner is the administration's biggest puppet.  Our state of #Colorado needs a more moral voice in the senate
@cologop @NBCNightlyNews 
Still waiting to hear back from U
Support The Cunningham Plan 4 Universal Healthcare & Tax Reform
@cologop @NBCNightlyNews Pass balance budget amendment.
Fund the Arts and Humanities
No taxation without Representation
KRC
@cologop @NBCNightlyNews 
Consider this:
4 years mandatory college concurrent 
non-combat, peacekeeping military service
KRC
Are you sure you know what this actually means? What exactly caused the admin to do this? Why do you support it?
You are done. Game over #2020
Senator, you're quick to criticize the President, but not a peep condemning the elected lunatic calling for his assassination! Hypocrite!
Trump (Shitler) think cyber threats are people who call him Shitler.....
Your leader, not ours Cory boy
Sure, but you still haven’t denounced @realDonaldTrump  for gladly accepting all the evil done in his name. #ImpeachTrump
Your worried about cyber threats, huh? Like Russia hacking our election with fake news stories and Trump's collusion?
I'll bet you do Mr. Gardner, you'd fit into Trumps admin perfectly. Good thing this is your last term.
Where's Cory sucking up to 45?
Except in the case of Russian interference I suspect.
Welcome aboard.
Glad you were able to determine so quickly &  recognize a right decision without running it past the staff ouigi board.
Time to get rid of this president by impeachment.  Gain some courage, and stop being committed to looking good.  Get Treason Trump out!
WHEN are you going to gather our republicans together to finally oust  the worst president since our country was created.  It's time!
Want security? Impeach the President - the central threat to our democracy & citizenry. You (and Colorado) wear his stench. You will pay.
Reminder: You're in a in pretty blue state with a pretty good memory.
Bannon out, trump is next. Keep getting out in front of it Cory. trump condoned white power, they're never getting back on track, it's over.
Defending Trump again. Shocking.
You sure they want to work with you? I mean you're basically running out the door.
#lameduck
Stay busy Cory, your out in 2020..we'll never forget your 3 healthcare votes..tick, tick, tick.

This seems so obvious, yet U seem to want to credit DJT w/good decision. Doubtful he cared; no bright lights involved; Russian ties & more
Being in Information Assurance, this is a good step.
Did romney approve you to support this?
Where is your condemnation of the current comments from the president -
Cory has been a vocal critic of trumps statements. Scroll down his tweets, he made national news for speaking out strongly.
What ? This is the first we have heard from you since your 25000 fundraising dinner ?
Is it military? What does this mean? How does this effect us? Inquiring minds would like to know Thanks #HeyNext
after the pro-nazi stance this administration has taken, why 'work with' them at all?
Pls cosponsor H.Con.Res. 77  condemning fear-mongering, racism, anti-Semitism, bigotry, and violence perpetrated by hate groups.
Lol, it's Aug 2017 and we have SO much hindsight about all your Trumpkissing votes. Hindsight is beautiful. Hindsight is #2020.
Cyber threats, huh? You mean like Ajit Pai?
Congress did this last December. 
Agree.  Now we need to be able to honestly reevaluate the force structure and personnel needs for a separate cyber force.
He's unfit and you know it.. He needs to resign, and you should call upon him to do so.
Cory Gardner u are lame...maybe tour last term, hopefully!
What are you going to do about Nazis in the White House? #CoryIsComplicit
I haven't read the details yet but I think that you are right.  I think that is twice in the same week.
Do YOU take you seriously? Do something, you shill. The country needs you to speak out and act on the mess this administration is.
Tuesday November 3rd 2020 #YouAreDone.
That's amazing go ahead and do it should've been 10 years ago
Just be sure to keep Russia out of it entirely. They are our biggest near term threat and we must remain vigilant.
Do you still support this white supremacist administration like you've been doing this entire time?
& here I thought u were talking about Bannon being kicked out of WH... Pathetic #impeachtrumpnow to improve our #cybersecurity. #Trumprussia

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 

Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
Do you agree with Senator Corker that Trump is unstable?
Why does an unstable man have the codes to nuclear weapons?

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
Change the subject
Why is this ok? How will you fix it?
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Which side will you be on? Trump is unfit and on the way out. Firing Bannon is rearranging chairs on the Titanic.  #CountryOverParty
Lock him up
2020
You look forward to working with an admin that harbors white supremacists. This is where you fail to fully take a stand against hatred in US
Good hedge Cory - can't fault u 4 this 1 but please continue 2 make your own not partisan decisions
How about taking steps with the people to censure and remove Trump from office?
Question: if someone orders a pizza half pepperoni and half dog-sh*t do you still eat the pizza? Asking for a friend.
What are you going to do about nazis in the White House?
Really? Is that what you believe? Our President has a lot of diverse employees in his companies. Can u prove he's a nazi?
ok "Guadalupe" trump literally called nazis 'good people' in an insane rant Tuesday. He then refused to condemn a literal nazi terrorist.
Ooh, I like that name. Thank you.
its sad that you russians are so desperate that you have to pose as Latinas to try and convince your base they are 'diverse' but whatevs...
You really have an overblown opinion of yourself senator...REPEAL & REPLACE ACA. NO EXCUSES  FOR YOU OR MITCH
How about making the right decision and denounce the administration for its lack of progress and inflammatory hate speech
Have u been watching the news? Who is destroying history and wearing masks like isis. Why so much hate in this question?
The "administration" you criticized at every chance all week? That one?
Can you please explain what this means?
State Department was just hacked......Action needs done quickly...#TrumpRussia
Sen. No offense but shouldn't you be working on healing our nation first! THE only way I see that happening is by getting rid of @potus
And then, a government website mysteriously crashes and burns....
But not working with your constituents?
He is working for us.
First town hall in over 500 days?  Certainly not working the people of Colorado.....
Does it really matter how many town halls he has? I want him to work, not have a bunch of people yelling obscenities. No distraction needed.
How can you get the pulse of your people if you're 1200 miles away and never talk to them? I often hire a mechanic 5 States away for my car.
