What about the Republican health care bill @SenCoryGardner ? Are you up or down?
He won't answer you. According to WP, he's up.
Why not work on not gutting our healthcare? Show up for a town hall?
Just a suggestion
What good is this if you get a job, then die because you have no health care insurance due to costs associated w/ preexisting conditions?
Need to work on that BIPARTISAN connection in Congress to FIX Healthcare.
Grow a spine!
Get any input from real ppl in this field? Problem is wages & therefore the lack of the viability of some paths being worthwhile to pursue.
Only if we're healthy enough to work. Vote no on the BCRA. Protect Coloradans
And what say you about Coloradans being hurt by the GOP death panel AHCA plan?
Tech is nothing without inclusivity. We need net neutrality NOW!
Your YES vote on disastrous Senate health care bill WILL be your Thelma & Louise moment! Count on it!
Don't vote to put my wife's life at risk by allowing lifetime limits and not covering preexisting conditions. Markets aren't "collapsing'
You're the biggest bummer ever, man
All we really care about right now is YOU not taking our healthcare away. All you have to do is save healthcare. And if you don't, bye bye.
I just called your D.C. office to request that you vote against health care reform. I urge everyone to do the same: (202)224-5941
Gardner will say "One of the 50."
Called your office about HC again today, Senator. Any chance you can staff someone that sounds a little less annoyed?
Usually they hang up on you mid sentence.  Ann has hung up on me 4 times for asking for a town hall. Today nobody even answered 1 call
Super duper Cory. Gold star for you. Time for a town hall??
What about your extremely partisan #trumpcare bill? Not a single public hearing or debate. Vote no! #Colorado says no!
Goes hand in hand with a free and open internet  #netneutrality
When you have a CHANCE your constituents would love to speak with you.
Sir, this is literally winning no-one over. By my estimate you have to be an educated man, do the math. #daily
You know nothing you've said re: Medicaid is backed by research. You are a coward.
Your corrupt administration is failing. When will you make a stand against it? Tomorrow is too late.
The only thing we want to hear from you is your stance on the 'health care' bill1
Thanks!  Let's talk about healthcare now.  What's your vote gonna be?
You could be taking this chance to be a real leader in your sinking party. It's passing you by. Call the AHCA the piece of crap it is.
Make a real difference Cory. Resign.
they'd better pray their tech employer offers a health plan. bec under sen bill they won't be able to afford their own. REAL TOWN HALL!
How about our healthcare? Or are you going to continue avoiding the #1 issue? You're a traitor just like the ones you hide behind @SenateGOP
vote NO on the horrible health insurance bill....we WILL remember
Next on @SenCoryGardner’s list of “Least Controversial Issues in Which to Take A Pseudo-Bold Stand”: The Be Nice to Puppies Act of 2017.
My bipartisan CHANCE in Tech Act will result in more training for Coloradans to enter the tech workforce. More here: https://goo.gl/Qr6u6u 
BAHAhahahahaha!! That's gold, really. Thanks for the laugh!
How about a joining a bipartisan effort to develop a real healthcare plan and to end the administration of Donald Trump?  COUNTRY OVER PARTY
Will they have any health insurance while they are going to college?
That's great. When are you going to hold a town hall mtg with your constituents?
Two words for you, Senator.  Health. Care.  We are watching you.  Your distractions are not working.
I'm thinking #NoOnGardner2020.  I invite all who agree to use this hashtag.
Teach them to fix the gottdamn roads in the Tech Center!
Why use Tweets simply to frustrate us? Please show leadership & courage to address healthcare (we want to keep ACA) & Trump collusion.
Why do you even bother making your staff keep working/tweeting? No amount to oil money is going to keep you in office after this.
You mean like cyber security to keep your party from selling out the country?
Thank you for the training help. Tell us how much is this going to cost us- the tax payers? Next step,repeal ACA, it is dying without help
Ha ha. Nothing happening here except this. Oh, and my @POTUS pal colluding with a hostile foreign government on my watch. But don't watch!
Avoiding the big issues as usual.
That's great, Cory dear. What kind of health care will Coloradans in the tech workforce have? What kind will the rest of us have?
Thanks, but why not be a real bipartisan? Vote NO on Repub healthcare that will kill Coloradans
What about bipartisan healthcare? Better yet, how about actually talking to your constituents about it?
I work for a small business. I have a small baby. I need #ACA. Vote no on BRCA. And don't sell out America to Russia.
Your insistence on ignoring your constituents like we do not exist is beyond ridiculous at this point. Open a dialogue you coward or resign.
how far into the sand is your head?
HEALTHCARE for all Americans.  Vote NO on Trumpcare.  It's the right thing to do for Coloradans. Start representing your constituents.
What about #healthcare? Independent entrepreneurs need #ColoraConnect!
You and your staff (paid by us) have no shame. You will not address ANYTHING on the issues  many care about. Do right by the people,resign
Now if u would just comment on Russia and push for bipartisan committee on healthcare
was the guy rearranging deck chairs on Titanic, right?

No Russia, Healthcare, or Town Halls… too busy w dairy and tomatoes.
My bipartisan CHANCE in Tech Act will result in more training for Coloradans to enter the tech workforce. More here: https://goo.gl/Qr6u6u 
What are you going to do to ensure hundreds of thousands of Coloradoans don't lose access to healthcare?
What is your comment on @DonaldJTrumpJr committing treason by colluding with Russia in the election?
Nothing Corey does is bipartisan
Good! Now let's focus on your ridiculous support for that senile senator from Kentucky.Any chance you could grow a pair and do what's right?
How about a bipartisan effort to repair, not repeal, the ACA? #WhereIsCory
It's all about the HEALTH CARE, stoopid. Universal is what we want. Hindsight is #2020.
So, basically if its 'hard' to do, you dont do it. What a coward, and a SAD excuse for a representative of #Colorado!
2020
What is your position on the cyber security partnership DJT is discussing w/Russia?
I am piling on, because this is simply becoming absurd. We do not have the privilege to look past Russia and Healthcare. Address these now!
Also? Russia. Jr just admitted he was trying to collude w Russian lawyer on election interference. This is not okay! 2/
Where's your no vote on BCRA? Hear our voices, Cory! We're done with you if you won't bother to listen!
Healthcare, Cory. We don't care about tech jobs when we're dead because we can't afford insurance. 1/
No comment on health care.

No comment on proof that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia.

You are pathetic and should be recalled
Very good. Now how about some bipartisan looking into Trump's ever-growing Russia ties?
Soft Cory Gardner at it again. Pretending he cares about the citizens of CO. The people u represent have ?'s about education and healthcare.
Where's Cory we NEED you to vote not on Trumpcare. Lives are depending on you!
Hey, why don't you speak out on the latest Russian report?!  Man up!
What about the healthcare act and your stance on it? You think we're going to forget about it when we vote?we're not
Unless it's about health care,  it's probably best you say nothing....
So true! His silence regarding real issues is so disrespectful to us all!
We are not stupid, Sir...
#Trumpcare offers a massive tradeoff: health care for millions of Americans vs. billions in tax cuts for the rich.
Who the Republican health care plan hurts: Americans with disabilities Seniors Millions of kids   
Who it helps: Millionaires
Thank you for this- good, BUT much more urgent issues! Healthcare, Russia, net-neutrality, pls Talk w/ US
Republicans ask for ‘Obamacare horror stories’ but it backfires - NY Daily News
Maybe you should have an in person town hall to discuss it. Or, are you too busy having disabled people arrested?
What about the tech used to undermine the sovereignty of our nation? Stand up for democracy or stand down from your position as a senator.
Really, @SenCoryGardner?! W/ a healthcare vote u NEVER talk about, & a collusion scandal kicked into high gear this is the  u talk about?!
Russia. Healthcare. Please respond to your constituents.
You are dead center in this healthcare mess, stand up and own it. Defend it to us in person if you believe in it. Do your job.
WE DONT CARE... HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE
Don't you mean tripartisan?   You implicitly include Putin and his party when you support trump
Really keeping your eye on the ball.
. @SenCoryGardner when are you going to come TALK to Coloradans?  ~Constituent 80118
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This veteran is doing whatever she can to protect her son from the Republican health care bill 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
1/ I haven’t tweeted much about healthcare because it’s a painful subject for me. But it’s important, so let me tell you my story 

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
Are you really this tone deaf to the news?
