Funny how it never seems to involve actually helping people, rather than profit margins.  #divest
I believe that you were meeting with businesses. You certainly were NOT meeting with constituents.

healthcare, social security, education, investigating Trump, TRANSPERENCY!
when are you coming to the Boulder/Lafayette/Longmont area? Don't forget, you represent us too.
Yep, stay away from the population centers.  Great idea buddy.
selfish man. &please if we have it wrong just lie,I mean, let us know. Or just refuse to answer questions , ur good @ that.
this is a pathetic excuse for a public appearance. Man up and face your constituents. You don't deserve to represent CO.
a republican who disliked Trump or is it everyone? 
what's your schedule? When is Denver town hall?

How about Denver, @SenCoryGardner ? We've conveniently been convening outside your office.
Town hall is needed...we want to speak with you!!!!!
schedule a town hall. What are you so afraid of? #unpaid
Where are these meetings? How come they aren't open to the public?
that was the best kept secret in Colorado. Why won't you host town hall meetings.....
When will you be in Denver, Greeley and Fort Collins? Want to talk to you about ACA.
he probably won't tell anyone about it until after the fact. It's embarrassing he represents Colorado
How about here in Denver? Town Hall, 5 pm at Byer Middle School Friday Feb. 24.  #WheresCory #willcoryshow
THIS IS A FAILED ATTEMPT FOR CORY TO FOOL VOTERS INTO BELIEVING HE CARES ABOUT COLORADO.
Which constituents were you meeting with, exactly? Where will you be today? Would love to see your schedule posted!
Devos pays @SenCoryGardner for nomination support ; #CORRUPTION at its core
if you don't listen, you won't be reelected!
you don't seem cocerned about the safety of our envt or the rights of your constituents, yet you are afraid of us. Hmmm...
Great!  Now when are you going to have a town hall meeting?
oh sorry, let me be more clear, a town hall where you actually show up is what is needed.
#gonein2020
A chickenshit way to lead Senator.  When was this meeting announced?  Why won’t you meet with us?
The people who attended were paid to be there.  Like the senator, I have no proof of people being paid, I'm just saying.
many people are saying. I believe it because many people!
Posting Twitter videos is the coward's way of avoiding constituents. Enjoy your last years as a senator.
I'd like to add my voice to choir that is requesting you host a Town Hall in Boulder and/or Denver, sir.  Thanks.
I live in Ft. Morgan. Turns out your little "Town Hall" was at the Steak Out. Found out from waitstaff afterwards.
Why won't you listen to your constituents?
When will you be in Durango? Post your schedule. #WheresCory
Since you work for me I must express my disappointment We agreed to clear open lines of communication when we hired you.
who are you? Trompwannabe? Trying to sub Twitter for a real townhall? #comehome&listen
If only you would pour your enthusiasm into some issues that mattered for the majority of Coloradans....ACA, edu, clean air
Where is your town hall? What are you afraid of?
really wish you came to our Fort Collins meeting. No yelling or shouting. Really want a dialogue to foster understanding.
You're a coward, sharing after the fact.  I'm one of your constituents and I am waiting for a Town Hall.  Show some respect.
MEET WITH US! What sort of leader refuses to meet with the public?
Sounds heavy on the business and way too light on the constituent. Guess the average citizen just doesn't have the $ 2CU.
why won't you hold a town hall in Denver or at least notify all CO constituents when you'll be available? @maddow @Lawrence
Please come to Boulder!  I'd love to talk!!
Durango wants to meet with you #holdatownhall
Wow, Fort Morgan, population, what, 11k? How about Colorado Springs if Denver is too scary for you?
there isn't a single constituent in this video #faketweet
Pics or it didn't happen.
not a paid tweeter.  80123.  Do your job, listen to your constituents...attend a publicized town hall.
2. @SenCoryGardner . . . but don't expect to be able to meet with me because I don't care about what most of my constituents think.
doesn't have time for silly town halls!He has to work on bills concerning Kombucha taxes.
please show up to town hall at Byers Middle School Denver at 5 pm in your honor. Not paid. 80007
that really was chicken Cory.
so you met with oil/gas companies?
when and where are you going to hold a town hall meeting with your constituents? I want to be there.
pictures or it didn't happen. Let's see those constituents. 11/3/20
keep pretending dude. U want to think you're not a sellout but you are. Enjoy your office now 'cause you're not staying.
do you mean "meeting with rich people and ignoring all my other constituents?"
and how's that working out for you? Now your MIA #wherescory #TrumpTaxReturns #TrumpRussia #RussiaSanctions
I'd really like to meet with you sir. I will not be combative or disrespectful. I just want to be heard. When is good for u?
Senator Gardner, please listen to your constituents! Please impeach the traitor! You know he is crazy, we know he is crazy!
Hi @SenCoryGardner, driving 300 miles to see you @ Town Hall Friday 5:30 in Denver. You've refused to meet your constituents #YouWorkForUs
...Hey, must have missed the announcement (there wasn't one). You need to meet with ALL your Constituents.
:no announcement & no scheduled town halls. If ur too scared to meet with opposition, maybe it's time to change ur agenda.
Does only Ft. Morgan have the Bat-Signal to summon their senator?  What encrypted channel do we use to set a meeting up?
Called your offices, enquired with your staff, looked in @denverpost yet was never informed of this meeting, interesting.
Why was this not announced? You have NO public plans to meet with constituents. 80214
meeting with constituents? How about a town hall? #whereiscory #CoryGardnerMIA
Thank you Cory Gardner for taking time to come to Fort Morgan!
Time to communicate with the people we who pay your salary and give you unparalleled healthcare. Man up and town hall!!!
is there video of the meeting with constituents?  Because we don't trust you when you speak.
Cory, you are a total wimp.
, that's great. When do you plan on maybe holding a town hall and actually talking to the people who keep you in position?
.@SenCoryGardner When will  you  hold a  town meeting about CO healthcare . Assuming that  you are anti Planned Parenthood, ACA.  What then?
.@SenCoryGardner Where are constituents? Why r u only visiting less populous red counties? When can we expect you in metro area? #wherescory
Thanks for letting us know.
WOW most comments r from Dems  where's all the GOP?  I've got a no. 4 U to call 1-800-cry-baby
I've called your office every day to ask when you will be meeting with constituents. Why are you hiding?
must be nice. How do we get to see you?
was this meeting only for corporate constituents?
a town hall with Tea Party & Rep. Betsy Markey the room was surrounded with FM police, just in case. TP no riots with them
It seems really odd that there is not a single constituent in sight in this fluff piece
will you please have another one in fort collins or Denver? Sorry i missed that one. But this is important to me.
this is first time Cory has been in Ft Morgan 4 long time & it wasn't the right time to be asking hostile?
it would be like Ted Cruz talking with protesters on border they yelled he listened they didn't listen no point in yelling
.@SenCoryGardner When will you have time to answer your phone?? You've been invited to a town hall, planning to attend? Maybe answer Qs??

Can you please explain your vote for Pruitt?
@csindependent so when will u be in the Springs to meet your constituents? I'm not paying $50 to go to urmtg! #whereisCory
Attend the town hall clown. Either represent all your constituents or you will represent NONE of us. #resist #boughtandpaid4
.@SenCoryGardner How about you share a quick update with your constituents, at a town hall maybe? @9NEWS @nexton9news @denverpost
Would have been nice to know, @SenCoryGardner . What about the Ft. Collins one tonight? Or the Denver one on Friday? #wherescory
when will there be a published, face to face,  town hall with metro denver unpaid constituents?
2020
Disgusting display of cowardice. Everything you do in Congress is odious
lol, of course you go to that echo chamber
yet another slick move Cory that shows your disregard for honest open communication.
Post your schedule on Twitter and Facebook. Southern CO would like to see you as well!
How are the mass deportation going to negatively affect Colorado? 
Fight for Colorado, don't be a @realDonaldTrump puppet!
didn't Notify us were CO to meet with us?? next when/where so I can attend? 2/24 5:30 beyers mid school
2020
When are you planning on having a town hall.  I can get any information when such an event will take place?
How were people notified of the meeting? Would it be possible to post these meetings in advance?
Hi Senator, I'm one of your unpaid constituents. Could you please host a town hall, I'd like to talk about Trump & Russia.
Cory, if you are going to represent all of Colorado, you need to hear what they want and how they want it. No more BS, meet
I still don't think you should be out of session this week even though I know you are working hard
thanks for the update. When is your next town hall?
where are the receipts?  @denverpost @DenverWestword
Rural CO conservative voters will not get you through 2020.  You are still avoiding the vast majority of CO voters.
It would be nice if you would show your face in public. When is atown hall meeting happening? Hold yourself accountable.
I've asked about townhall mtgs on your FB page, via twitter, and emailed.  Disappointing, no ans. #DoYourJob #wherescory
town hall please
U represent the ENTIRE state, not just the NE. We want a townhall SOON.  I hear Ft Collins has invited u - u gonna show?
How about meeting with any and all constituents willing to take the time and effort to show up?  #WillCoryShow
When are you doing town hall meetings? Why did you hide at airport from group of people from your district?
@denverpost Why are you hiding? Are your only "constituents" businesses? #wherescory
why don't you have a town hall in Denver so we can have a chance to speak to you? I don't understand why you avoid us.
when is your next town hall?
PS - We want DT's tax returns and investigation into ties with Russia.  #treason
Got an update.when can we catch you DT and talk @CABFund funding 0rimary healthcare?
Why are you pretending to be "meeting with constituents" but not announcing your meetings before they happen?
so when will you schedule a Town Hall with all of your constituents anxiously waiting to talk with you?
.@SenCoryGardner oh wow, we should talk here closer to the Denver metro too, don't you think?
when will you be coming to the SW region?
why not meet with ALL you constituents instead??? #dontbescared
Are you too scared to actually announce your schedule?  How about holding a town hall where you actually tell us about it?!
how about have a town hall with your constituents? That doesn't seem like too much to ask.
how about scheduling a Town Hall in urban area with ALL CO UNPAID VOTERS? Listen to us & represent us in DC.Not big $. 80549
Why not hold face to face town hall meetings with your constituents? Time to really hear us. #RepresentAllOfUs
How about a town hall with concerned constituents, even those who didn't vote for you? Isn't that how democracy works?
how about scheduling a public town hall meeting with you constituents in advance? #whereiscory
are you putting on a treasure hunt? Have you given us clues and are we supposed to start searching for you?
Self-selecting ur "constituents" to seek input doesn't fulfill ur role & responsibility as US Sen. #CoryFailsCO #TownHall???
does voting to repeal the Stream Protection Rule help grow CO's economy?
here we are asking you for a town hall and you sneak in and out of Ft. Morgan and tell  us after he fact! Shameful!
please resign
That's great. Now, can you please call for an independent investigation into POTUS/Russian ties? Seems important. 80234
When will you start caring about natl security & call for independent investigation of Russian ties in White House?
you voted for Pruitt. You don't care about Colorados environment.
TOWN HALL, NOW!
when will you be holding your town hall in denver? We feel like you are ignoring us. 80238
how about you meet with all the people in Denver that have been trying to talk to you?
Yet you REFUSE to come to Denver for Town Hall, because your terrified to face your constituents!
Quick question: when was the last time you visited anywhere urban in Colorado? You represent all of us, not just the rural.
where are the townhall meetings, not in your rabid rw old congressional district? You have heard of Denver, haven't you?
Have you meet with Sessions yet to find out if he is going to screw Colorado and it's small businesses?
What a shame that you really aren't interested in all your constituents. What are you afraid of?
I must have missed the announcement that there were constituent meetings...   Is there a publish schedule of events?
I hope you will step up your game and show up for the town hall in Fort Collins TODAY. Avoiding your constituents will burn.
HOW ABOUT YOU VISIT THE WESTERN SLOPE! WE HAVE AN AD IN THE PAPER JUST FOR YOU! WE WOULD LIKE TO EXPRESS OUR VIEWS ALSO!
having a town hall in Denver 2/24 5:30 pm with or without you. You decide. Byers Middle School 150 S Pearl St Denver 80209
how about a town hall eh?
is this your plan to avoid a town hall that CO citizens are calling for and still look like you're making an effort?
cause news flash, we're not buying it!
Hey @SenCoryGardner glad you're in CO. Pls come to a Denver townhall on Fri. We're concerned & want to talk to you. #WillCoryShow
Would you mind sharing the details with me on this town hall. I would like to come!
hi. Search here for the one in Denver on Friday
my guess is this was a specially orchestrated meeting with only his backers. No real constituents like us.
Sir, do you want to reach out to your constituents in NW Colorado? And, if so, can you advise before hand? TY
we are having a town hall here in Fort Collins without you since you won't meet with us, and accuse us of being out of state
Colorado Springs is having a townhall without you tonight as you have refused a townhall or meeting.
awesome.  Perhaps @SenCoryGardner will learn that he works for us.
Why do you always look like a ten year old boy who put chalk dust in his hair for a school play
You support Trump, Cory, so you support Putin & are a traitor to our Constitution
do your job and represent your constituents. They need accessible affordable health care just like u have 
Town hall? I've got some QUESTIONS for you. Stop being a coward and come talk to us!
w/ tourism? Organic farming?
Naw, you cheap sell-out, supporting fracking cancer waste in our precious water systems
#Sweden
Why are you only announcing this after the fact?
duh! 
News to us. You don't share your schedule. When are you going to attend a town hall? #WheresCory @denverpost
I think by "constituents" he means "donors"
Cory, if this Senate gig does not work out for you, you have a bright future as a game show host. You love the camera.
Why don't you videotape the ceremony where you turn over the DeVos 50k?
##FreeTheDevos50k
