Senator I have a vision of Yuma and Denver. The farming community will be very distraught when there are no doctors,nurses,hospitals or cRe
I see that country folks will feel all the more rejected when they cannot get help when I'll,no real schools for kids,no infrastructure .
I. See more. Losses of land and ownership placed by.greed.Yuma has elderly,sick,poor,and broken infrastructure. Your. Citizens see you.
And yes we all will hold you to account. Scree us and our families and we will replace you. We are the bosses my friend,not your donors.
Telephone town halls during which you don't have to deal with follow-up questions do not count. Show up for real.
ha ha ha! Let's not. What if we had a town hall and no one showed? We'll show to serve you your walking papers.
Why not schedule a face to face Town Hall? Scared?  @SenCoryGardner @L0rdFrag
Obama saved us. Stop with the digs.
lots of evidence that TRICKLE DOWN DOES NOT WORK!
1. Not paid. 2. The signup cites ethics rules but do you? 3: is it ok to have a president we cannot take literally?
I want you to stand firm on ending that horrendous death care bill Republican Ryan has concocted in his Randian basement
virtual town halls suck. You can't ask a question. You should do real meetings with real people face-to-face.
Tele-calls not good enough. U need to see the anguish we have about the repeal of the ACA and the horrible GOP replacement!
You should start going on podcasts. I know a few great ones.
INDEPENDENT investigation & tax returns.
I hope you at least sanctuary cities in CO are unacceptable. Got it Gorsuch will be SC. 80906 and hope Trumps pulls funds
Can't tomorrow, busy making "Hickenlooper for Senate 2020" signs for tomorrows march. Ask me again though!
Is @hickforco running for senate in 2018?
Hick is term-limited and will leave the Governorship in 2018.  Gardner's term ends 2020.
all a carefully choreographed and previewed "questions". You have done nothing for Colorado, Udal did more the you ever will
Stop calling these Town Halls. Town Hall is a place. A place where you could come and meet constituents. We want you to.
WE THE PEOPLE want FULL Repeal of ACA(O-Care),EVERY WORD of it!! Gov should not be in our health insurance #NoObamaCareLite
When exactly are you planning on actually meeting face to face w/ constituents? Too much to ask?

Not worth my time since you continue to ignore your constituents and big problems and spew the party line.
I'm very excited. the last time i signed up, i didn't get a call.
Not sufficient replacement for PP.  They are experts at what they do.
Dental clinics
Dont' believe that.
Dr's change plans all the time!
actually, I'd like to speak to you personally. How can that be arranged?
you lost my vote when you passed the bill allowing mentally ill people to buy guns. Each death has Your name's on it.
you need to have a face to face town hall. Your constituents deserve your physical presence not just your voice
joins a small group of #GOP who won't face their constituents because they voted to confirm extremist cabinet members
wait.. no, I want to meet you in person.  Why are you avoiding us?
your i am getting you some money together to rent a high school gym so you can get out of your safe zone and meet your group
Telephone TownHalls are inadequate
NO NO NO, I WANT TO SEE YOU IN PERSON!!!! YOU NEED TO LOOK AT YOUR CONSTITUENTS IN PERSON...what are you afraid of?
@coloradoan This feels cowardly.
you need to have a REAL in-person town hall. These tele town halls are BS! Colorado resident not a paid protester.
vote no on the new health care bill, protect Medicaid, protect the disabled, the elderly
phone call town halls are ineffective. We deserve a face-to-face Town Hall! Quit hiding from your constituents!
when can we host you in Denver?
Let's talk! In person! With the press there! Please let me know when you can make it!
No empty promises either!! We won't accept that! Stand up for your state or go home!
@SenSanders @TheFixes WHEN will #whereiscory have a person to person town hall?!? @csgazette
Also, please discuss your position on a special prosecutor for the investigation of Russian interference in our government.
Will you please discuss your opposition to the new health care bill in your town hall call tomorrow?
stand up to you party in office. Defend our rights to ACA!!!! 1.2 MILLION Medicaid recipients here. They vote too!!!
Cory Gardener you won this state by a VERY slim margin. If you want to keep you seat, you better....
quit being a COWARD and have one in person.
and @RepDLamborn are both having a tele TH tomorrow; CG @ 7:10 p & DL @ 6:30 P.  Rediculous, irresponsible. My district 
Don't worry @SenCoryGardner will probably change the time at the last minute like last time #notpaid #81212
So. You are holding a lame "registered", so they can be screened, town hall call on "Day Without a Woman" March 8th?
you simply do not want to meet with us. Guess you are too busy shoving #trumpcancer health plan down our throats. Shameful.
OMG! just read the Trumpcare! Please resist. Bad for Coloradans. This healthcare bill benefits the rich. Our healthcare gone
Mr. Gardner  International Women's Strike day is March 8. Please offer another date.
I voted for you, once. I'd like you to stand in person and answer my questions
I want to come to a LIVE town hall. Face your constituents!!
signed up. I hope I also didn't sign up for your next fundraising drive.
show your face.
it's interesting that other senators can actually face their constituents with a meeting.
#coward
thanks AND only hours notice- not cool. Hope you listen this time. ACA, Russia, Muslim ban very big
, seriously? Show up in person we just had one without you!
Know RFPs to $5.8M on table for @CABFund . Funds basic healthcare Veterans. New dynamics Remember 5Points talk on site tour?
Thank you for hosting a town hall at a time people who work 9-5 can attend.
@lpmitch303
I was signing up when you rang...
: I'd like a face to face town hall.  But, like our Republican Administration, there's a lot of yellow in you.
He'll put you on mute and keep his distance from face-to-face town halls. #CoryGardner #CO #fail
How about an actual town hall, Senator?
too afraid to meet the people you "represent" in person?
Face your constituents in person!
Shame! We want a LIVE, IN PERSON town hall. Why are you afraid to meet with us? You meet donors in person. How about US?
you plan on changing the time hours before the call to an earlier time?
when are you going to have a real town hall meeting, listen to all constituents fully, and answer all questions completely?
still no guts to meet in person. #FAKESENATOR
I'm at teacher conferences that evening. Spose will have 2 discuss how u voted 4 an incompetent 2 defund my kids education
funny that you'd do a call on the day without women. Scared to face us?
It's more about you listening than talking, please. 
Q: Why are you supporting #DeathCare? How will it HELP Colorado?
Can't make this one, but thank you for doing one in the evening when more people are probably off work.
Why only telephones?!?!?! It's not like we will bite you with our pointy fangs! We only bite ppl we like.
not a good time for me. but good letter re medicaid and the aca replacement. also, please hold real town hall. thanks.
Interesting. @RepDLamborn also scheduled 1.  Is there an orchestrated GOP messaging taking place here, or really listening?
laughing that you say its a town hall when it's a #GardnerChickenCall
that's a step in the right direction, thanks for scheduling after work. Still look forward to IN PERSON town hall.
I'm near your office. Can I swing by and take the call with you?? Pseudo-town hall??
Excellent. But I should warn you - the only question we'll have is, "when will you hold a real town hall?"
on the 1st w/robo calls to reach a critical number. Didn't like it. Worked better 4 U than voters. Come home need #townhall
Too late - you avoided CO voters like a coward.
#adiosIN18
what about a face to face town hall meeting instead? Afraid of your own constituents?
Because he really, really doesn't want to be held accountable.
any chance of meeting in person? Thank you for standing up against this awful plan!
In person. Not by phone. An open Town Hall where you face your constituents.
thank you for not supporting that awful trump care, i greatly appreciate it
I signed up! I hope you will let us ask questions.  I promise I'll be polite. 
But not too polite.
these are disgraceful attempts at democracy.
Face us in person!
thank you. I would still like for you to come to Glenwood Springs over your next recess for an in person Town Hall.
is this the absolute  correct timeframe? Or will you be changing it at the last minute like the last one? #TownHall
Why would a senator avoid his constituents in person? Because he can't support his positions &doesn't care. 
#ImpeachTrump
oh we'll call, senator. We'll call..
Sure, but you do need to face us in person at some point.
