I believe there was two groups that riot. What's the name of the terrorist group
Evil has many names...one of them is Trump
The other is you
Terrorism? Terrorists swerve their vehicle towards the people.
How do you look at two opposing armed mobs and point at one mobster and say, "he's the domestic terrorist"
...blind guides
Your party owns this and your support of this president will not be forgotten.
For you to blame the President, is wrong. 3 parties R 2 blame, Protestors, Counter-Protestors, & whoever ordered the statue's removal.
Nope. White nationalists and the president who won't denounce them are responsible. A woman died bc a nationalist drove her down w his car.
No Christie. I have friends who are native to Colorado, but I lost respect for Colorado when they hired Liberal professor Ward Churchill and when so many people from California moved to Colorado. Californians are ruining the state. I hope they don't  turn it into California-East.
Lol you’re responding to something I wrote in August.
Better late than never. lo0l
Antifa named
You are enabling it.  Stop the love affair with having a "YES man" in the White House and start curbing his childish ways. Show courage.
Negative tweets should be directed to all the senators who didn't have the balls to say what Gardner did. At least a start.
That's what I did and Twitter suspended my account need I say more
Plz be sure to back your words up with actions. Don't be that @GOP who speaks to our face and twists the knife in our back.
Thank you
Well said Melissa. Thank you.
Don't fall for Cory's crocodile tears
Naw, I don't have any expectation that he will do anything. I do still have hope.
Thank you for calling it terrorism. Please back up your words with actions and start using the phrase white supremacists as well.
Oh look!
Bullcrap
"Ron Adkins" you have zero (0) followers.
Thanks you again, from a life long #Democrat
Welcome... Change parties...
Why? I have a fundamental belief that #Healthcare #housing #Education #FreePress and #EqualityOfOppertunity are #HumanRights So #Dem for me
Yeah, I'm with max. I'll stick with the party that ISN'T having a hard time condemning white supremacy.
Yeah, sure. Since when did you decide to give a shit Cory? You back Trump, they back trump. Doesn't that sort of make you a Neo-Nazi, too?
Go Trump
https://www.facebook.com/362897684126583/videos/378100092606342/ …
It will take more than words & prayers, Senator.
It will take action.
You must come back into session and condemn this.
Immediately.
You've helped enable this. Do you see the blood on your hands?
You helped enable it too
It begins with the president and his senior aides. So what are you going to DO about it?
Please also call out senators who didn't have courage to even say the right thing.
Done. Repeatedly.
You overlook antiFA bussed in to cause mayhem ? White supremacist are hideous vultures & should be held accountable as The Leftist Libs too!
Or, it could have been in a car accident.  Let's wait for some facts, then you can jump to conclusions.
What about Antifa i have not heard you call them by NAME!
Decent, brave, and honorable statement. Thank you.
We are not about violence in this country. Peaceful protests. Do we limit who has 1st amendment rights? Would it solve the problem?
It is horrific. but not the first act of #WhiteDomesticTerroism since trump stole WH. Are you doing your part to gain votes for impeachment?
Go Trump
The one big issue that needs to be addressed is Life Indurance policies! When something is labeled as terrorism it voids insurance policies!
You're right Senator, please call out all the hate groups and don't be afraid to say Antifa, and BLM were part of the problem.
Thank you, Sen Gardner. Please follow up with concrete actions to remove known white supremacists from the WH (Bannon, Gorka, Miller).
@KristinOlsenCA tjyyr
Mop qaqaaia i MP
"... and I will do absolutely nothing about the Nazis in the White House." -also you
Oh are you come ng up for re-election? Suddenly you say something?? Did you suddenly grow a spine??
I appreciate your stance on this, but you've been voting with Trump on too many issues.
While I have been disappointed in your behavior this far. ... You did well here.
Praying to replace RINO trump haters
demagogue
Demagogue!

She tried to tell us but you put party over country.
“Here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.” —Hillary
Bannon, Miller and the Gorkas must be removed
80% of the town voted for Hillary. Police ORDERED to stand down to embarrass Trump.Soros & media SETUP to blame Trump
Points deducted for not specifying that the UniteTheRight protests were terrorism
Close enough to pass by me for a moment
3/5
Senator, thank you for taking a stand against the Alt Right racist protesters.
One of the few things we can unite around.  Thanks for being on the right side of history on this one...
I don't care what party you are, it took BIG COURAGE to write this and post it. Good for you Cory. Good for you.
And what will you do? The KKK and neo-Nazis said this is war & they want to take it nation wide. Verbal denunciations mean nothing.
The terrorist acts of BLM &Antifa will be exposed. And their financier:leaders will go to jail. That poor kid was trying to save his life.
Did your campaign experts tell you to use the word 'Praying' so the evangelist vote will forgive your 24/7 #NeverTrump
Thank you for praying
Thank you
You never asked Obama to name Fort Hood or Sacramento as Terrorism...

Oh yeah, you hate Trump.
Thank you so much for this comment. I want the opposing party to be one that makes me proud. SR, progressive liberal in VT
what about the people attacked with poles and sticks and pepper spray and bags of urine and feces by Antifa?  Selective morality?
Oh, and let's not forget,  Senator, Antifa and Black Lives Matter.  They are the ones that came uninvited and started the trouble.
You people in congress need to stop the criticizing this President and start working together.  You wonder why there is so much violence!!
It was okay for people to voice freedom of speech on inaguration day with violence and Pres. Obama didnt say anything about the violence
Senator as a constituent I can honestly say this the first time I respect your actions, thank you.
There was a legal protest and an illegal protest that local government didn't handle well. Quit blaming President. Idiot is to blame
@SenCoryGardner  - your party owns this whole situation. Y'all knew the devil you were climbing into bed with #Trump #AltRight
Thank you for being a strong voice against racism, hate and violence. God continue to bless you.
Thank you for your words.  Now waiting for your actions (and those of your fellow GOPers).
The president has long consorted with bigotry, dignifying and empowering the racism that's now making America dangerous. Wise up, Gardner!
Hopefully this is the start of you stepping up and not being bought!
OMG! This better not be directed at our president.
Tell americans you, as a DEMOCRAT, condemn ANTIFA...be the1st. Bet you can't! Or won't. MAGA
LEFTIST DOMESTIC TERROR
With respect Senator.  Did you watch all of the footage of the protests? If so, then you would have seen the violence from all sides.
yes it is terrorism.   Thank you for calling it out.
He doesn't want to loose the white supremacist as part of his 38% base, that might knock him down below 20% base
Thank you for FINALLY standings up to Trump. You need to keep  distancing yourself from him and his harmful policies for all of our sakes.
How dare you not include Antifa and the BLM in your blame game. Another Rhino rears its head.
Can you, Senator, personally commit to withholding your vote on ALL Trump priorities/judges until Bannon, Gorka, and Miller are fired?
Why have you failed to name BLM and ANTIFA? They all must be called out just like Trump did. Next time run as a democrat.
By terrorism you mean that the guy intended to do what he did when he left Ohio or even when he woke up that day and it was not ad hoc?
And 50,000 known gang members in Chicago killing people daily is not domestic terrorism? Twitter-Op Lol Lib pretenders
Your party must stand on the right side of history!  Trump will continue to tear this country apart,  you must all speak up!! ENOUGH !
If it were blacks @jeffsessions justice would b branded on it! Slow white justice-
Now you speak because you finally realized you may lose voters & because your party told you to. You have let us all down, even now.
You were #silent when two Indian men were killed in Kansas because someone thought they were Muslim.
You were #silent when so many told you they would die or be in financial peril without healthcare
You were #silent when I emailed you to tell you the racism I experienced in Fort Collins
You were #silent when the Islamic Center of Fort Collins was vandalized.
You were #silent when a Mexican woman hid in a church in Denver to avoid deportation and separation from her children
You were not elected to pray.
And BLM are not domestic terrorists too??
the same way obama refused to call them "radical Islamic terrorist"???
You have a hand in this, Cory Gardner. You used the association with the alt right/white supremisists to win the White House. People died.
Did  you redress  Obama who essentially referred to BLM activity as"protests"and not violence /terrorism? You extol Obama but scorn Trump
#Charlotesville is a #falseflag staged by Soros. #wakeup
GET RID OF TRUMP NOW! 
#DoYourJob 
#AmericaFirst
Try the truth. Using tragedy for electioneering is scummy. https://youtu.be/4AOx7NMbMkU 
You mean like black lives matter
Keep saying this.
Are you going to name the Antifa & BLM protesters that were violent yesterday. Was the violence in DC & Berekley not domestic terrorism?
So when are you going to condemn antifa and call for them to be designated a terrorist organization?
Nice to hear you care about something happening in our country. Too you don't care about the state you "represent."
DOJ opened an investigation within 24 hours. Not good enough for you Mr. anti Trumper? Trump supporters- retweet please . Thank you
Thank you @SenCoryGardner We may disagree on a fair few things, but your statement here is ethical, responsible, and clear. #Appreciated
Good words Sentor. You are standing up for what's right not what is politically correct.
Where was your outrage over Antifa and BLM?They are intent on harming conservatives and police officers? Obama invited them to the WH!
Thank you for speaking out against domestic terrorism.
prayers do nothing sir -- it is your obligation to stand against trump in all policies and #resist
Amen
It should be named as domestic terrorism.
I hope in future you will support your Pres and not jump on bandwagon before evidence is confirmed.  Pres waited and you criticized him.
You really have to name all 3 groups as domestic terrorists if you want yo ho down that road.
GOP takes leadership with you, Senator! Thank you. This is domestic terrorism Mayor of London, UK help the President see that @SadiqKhan
As my senator, I've written in the past to express my disagreement. This time I laud you for your statement. Thank you.
Excuse me? Sorry, doesn't fall within the official definition of terrorism...
Actions not words. Decades of R vote suppression by ppl of color. End that, then talk. #charlottesville
This will be the legacy of the GOP. Hatred. Cowardliness. Bigotry.
Thank you Senator Gardner. You've been quick to follow Trump away from Republican ideals and what is best for America. In this you did right
Gardner let's name it like it is! We have backstabbing GOP who take too many breaks & can't agree on bills! Support POTUS & pass his bills
It doesn't take the president to label it as domestic terrorism, we can do that without him...
Please press the President to do so!
Thank you, Senator Gardner, for calling this out for exactly what it is - terrorism by #WhiteSupremicists.  Please hold @POTUS accountable
None of you have vetted facts.  It's also not amusing to watch slime thrown at the wall.  Because of opinions not facts this os an illusion
Thank you
it wasn't a white supremacist rally.  it was a legally permitted patriotic rally that other groups BLM & Antifa crashed & tore up.
Your words mean nothing until you call for and vote for Trump's impeachment.
I don't agree with you on much, sir, but thank you for speaking the truth in this critical time.  It has to come from your party!
Praying does nothing to help. You're a Senator.Stop supporting  Republican policies that are Anti-equality, civil rights, women! #msnbc #cnn
That will mean something as soon as you denounce Trump and his administration and work towards his impeachment. Get on with it.
Oh, you mean Antifa as well? #hypocrite
@CoryGardner To be clear, YOU SUPPORT SOMEONE WHO IS NOT AGAINST WHITE SUPREMACY! Ergo, YOU SUPPORT WHITE SUPREMACY! Argue that you don't
Gardner has such hate for Trump he makes no sense
Too bad you didn't call out @realDonaldTrump on national tv. You half-way took a stance. That's why protesters are always at your door step.
Please use the power of your office to do more than pray.
Thank you Senator! I hope you guys push these people away from the GOP, they're trying to latch themselves to.
Nice first step. I salute it. Now please keep holding Drumpf accountable by doing something in Congress to move us ALL toward civility.
Praying?  Why not just do nothing?  It's the same thing
Rally was filled with white guys in MAGA hats.
When you condem BLM for their attacks I will take you seriously, for now you are phony
Prayers are always good, I've been praying for folks to wake up get rid of the President bc his hatred of  isn't helping. All lives matter
For all those fighting in Charlottesville do your Country a favor and join the US Army they are looking for Fighters 24/7 365 days a year
Can you think of anybody in particular that should be doing that naming?
Just as BLM & ANTIFA should be as well, right?
I strongly agree from a Virginian And Vietnam vet with 22.5 years army service.
Why haven't you said that about the liberals who are rioting, destroying property ant bodily harm?
Well said. Now will you take a stand and help remove the white supremacist in the W.H.?
You & other @realDonaldTrump sycophants in @GOP-when is enough enough? The man praises Russia, white supremacists, Nazis and bates N Korea!
Too little too late. Save your pathetic little post. You and your pathetic party have blood on your hands. Own it. It's all yours. #BoyBye
You're absolutely right, Senator. Thank you. But you don't get to just take this nice little stand in isolation. This is Trump's movement.
wake up and stop supporting this President who takes advice from Steve KKK Bannon! Hate is in the White House!
Thank you for this.
Thank you for speaking out and keep urging the President to do the same.
White supremacy is poorly hidden the bedrock upon which the success of the Republican Party, & poster boy Gardner, built their success.
Prayers are nice but don't prevent further domestic terrorism like this.

Try calling on the FBI and justice department to prosecute them.
Please make it stop. #25th
Visiting Colorado. Love it. Just watched POTUS speech. Thought it was fine. Rocky Mountain high perhaps? Why all the outrage?
Are you afraid of the word, white supremacist too?
Do more than "name it." You're in position to do something to stop it. Have the decency to do something to stop racist terrorism.
thank you Senator Gardner for speaking out. Please tell #ff45 that he too is a white supremacist fascist and he needs to go! Thank you.
Call Evil By It's Name.....#Antifa 

Call for arrest of #Soros

You Won't Because You Take His Money

#Pathetic #RINO
Thanks, words ok, #ImpeachTrumpNow
You should pray for those you kill and make suffer when you help to pass the repube healthcare bill.
You pray...but still support their leader by default. They are empowered by the White House sir....despite what you say.
Note Black Lives Matter showed up at #CharlottesvilleVA.
Inspired by Trump himself with his ridiculous ties to Bannon.
Where were you when BLM was rioting, looting & killing those many times. Get back in the swamp
How do you stand by and let this thing continue to be potus? U r complicit in all of this sir
You get no atta boy points here. You've voted for every racist bill ! And than there's #VoterSuppession #GerryMandering. Silence is consent
Your praying achieves nothing.
if trump does not do this it will show the people that he is a nazi
Thank you for speaking out about this, Senator Gardner. It really is time to remove DT from office before he inspires more damage.
Republican Extremist terrorism. Call it what it is.
Trump is a coward.  He hides behind "many sides".  Take a look at his administration.  All white men.  His loyalty is clear.
Demand that the white nationalists in the White House resign - Bannon, Gorka, and Stephen Miller must go!
I'll name one- Donald Trump
