You do not represent my view on this. This man is not the right man for this job and you know it.
no. We needed vote on Garland. Tell Gorsuch to get in line.
Colorado deserves better than what we got with you. Disgraceful
Independent investigation today.  Nunes obviously biased.  Public needs to know everything.
And we want to see Trump's taxes.
So did Garland, you GOP slimebags.
No.  It is not deserved.  Merrick Garland deserved hearing and #45 is #illegitimate oh...and #VoteNoAHCA #resis
No, he does NOT. You should not be making that sort of decision when 45 is under FBI investigation.
Even though I'm a life long Democrat moderate, I too support the vote to confirm Gorsuch.
You got that right sister!!
ironic given your party's refusal to consider a SCOTUS nomination for 10 months.  We see you.  #Fail 2/2
Really? While POTUS under FBI investigation? Remind me why Merrick Garland didn't deserve your attention? 1/2
We won't forget. Remember all those marching in Denver? Won't forget UR hypocrisy. How very Christian of u 2/2
U vote for Gorsuch we will vote you out next election. UR buddy Trump is under investigation, where in the history books are you going to be
You need to be voted out.
@DianaBialkowski @SenCoryGardner absolutely
No he doesn't. 1% misogynist oligarch; are you one, too?
so glad you are aligned with POTUS.
False. GORSICH MUST NOT BE VOTED ON UNTIL THE TRUTH OF TRUMP AND RUSSIA IS KNOWN.

You must know this.
But, whats your vote on trump care?
We can look at Gorsuch after Merrick Garland is given full consideration. Fair is fair.
Garland deserves to have a hearing. The people picked a POTUS for 4 years not 3 years and 1 month. Theif GOP.
Heard your NPR interview this morning.  Well done.  Too bad you put politics above country.  Your comments about slow confirmation were 1/
what about Garland? He deserved to be confirmed too.
he's a crook and so is @realDonaldTrump !
No, we need t find our about Russia. We need your find out about the money behind Gorsuch.
Gorsuch does not support women's rights. Why rush into this? We need answers about trump first.
Remember when @DenverPost endorsed @SenCoryGardner because tax reform more important than women's rights?
No confirmations until Russian investigation is complete. How was your weekend at Mar A Lago with your crooked friends? You're a disgrace
He deserves no such thing!  He is not the right person even if it wasn't a stolen seat!  Corrupt GOP!
ARE YOU KIDDING? You Republicans don't know justice if it stares you in the face. SAD!
No He Doesn't until he actually answers questions! Dems need to block this guy for as long as possible!
Stop Gorsuch!
what about Garland. Oh yea I forgot he wasn't nominated by the Russians my bad
No. It is Garland's turn. Republicans behaved badly and will not be rewarded. 2018 is coming.
Nope! 80631
He does not deserve it, he was overturned by the Supreme Court. NONONO
#GorsuchHearing of #gop stolen #scotus seat while #agentOrange under #fbi investigation. #tinyHands #tinyMinds
No on #gorsuch Stop being partisan. But because you are bought/paid and so is #gorsuch doesn't mean its ok!!
Vote NO on CRA proposal to roll back  FCC broadband privacy rules. Personal info mustn't be for sale by ISPs
Corey Gardner a facist quisling - one standard for Obama no standard for Trump - pure evil and a partisan without virtue or integrity. #NPR
cory- your interview today on @npr was 5 mins of hyperbole and smoke and mirrors
Yeah so we can have one more person in government that does not stand for the people. NO ON GORSUCH!
WHY? The WH is under investigation by the FBI. Everything must stop until investigation resolved.
if he is confirmed and Trump is guilty, Gorsuch will be an extension of an illegitimate president. Postpone!
no! Listen to your constituents! And if you vote yes on trumpcare, I'm voting against you next election.
I hope you have been enjoying your time as a senator, never again. You will eventually have to come back to co
Wrong.  It is a stolen seat. @POTUS is a criminal.  #GarlandNotGorsuch
Colorado has 2020 vision. Just sayin...
you @GOP didn't mind dereliction of duty before...#MerrickGarland
No one should be confirmed until all investigations regarding Russia have been completed.
Bruh, your dude and his dudes are being investigated. Maybe we should slow the roll on lifetime nominations.
No Cory, Merrick Garland deserved confirmation hearings!
no he doesn't, he is illegitimate, due to an obstructionist Senate. You were part of It.
Every congressperson who has supporting this admin's corruption & lies deserves jail time.
watched part of the hearings-the truck driver losing his job was enough what's wrong with u @GOP u rep PEOPLE!
No. crooked Pres and Republican Party have  so little credibility. If Obama couldn't, you shouldn't.
Senators, today's unanimous #SCOTUS decision highlights Gorsuch isn't ready for the big show.  Please oppose.
stolen seat.
... and so did Garland. Hypocrites.
just like Merrick Garland did, right?
.@senjudiciary @SenCoryGardner Senator, I still want an apology for your failure to hear the president's nominee last year.
What about Russia? What about healthcare.  I think Gorsuch can wait
why didn't Merrick Garland deserve to be voted on?
actually it's Merrick Garkand that DESERVES to be confirmed. Gorsuch's record shows the Constitution is 2nd2
Garland deserves to be confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court
@SenBennetCO Yes, he deserves exactly the same treatment you GOP gave the last nominee
No, there should be no more confirmations until the trump investigation is concluded.
Nope. 80120
um, like, no. Nice way to put party before country
Bullshit. Not while we have @POTUS under @FBI investigation. #notogorsuch
No one deserves to be confirmed when nominated by an admin that is under an FBI investigation
Who is behind the $10 million in dark money supporting his nomination?  What do they get for their money?
Merrick Garland deserved at least a hearing!
maybe so. After Merrick Garland. The republicans did not play fair, plain and simple.
Hell to the L no!!!
no he doesn't
