Still lying about the nonexistent Biden rule? Vote on Garland 1st. 14 Supreme Court Justices confirmed year before election.
But do the majority of your constituents support him?
Get off the Colorado kick. Gorsuch is worse at representing CO values than you are
His first act would be in violation of the Constitution, not very becoming of a fine judge. #garlandfirst
Cory, you no longer represent the State of Colorado. You are in it to line your pockets. #YourTermIsLimited
Can confirm, Gardner staffer told me that even though #CO = purple, I should expect only 'conservative' votes; sigh
I whole heartedly disagree. 80302 #2020
I hope he will defend the Constitution, which is what is needed. His record seems impeccable.
I bet it just talks about how much you love Trump, how he makes you feel all special & squishy inside
to say nothing of the fact that @SenateMajLdr and @GOP stole this seat from Merrick Garland /3
You're Trump's lackey.
uugghh. Stop trying to sell him. Coloradans don't want a right-wing bible thumper on Scotus. Tax returns!
So, here's a thought, give Merrick Garland a fair hearing and a vote, and then you can consider Gorsuch
#shameonyou
tell he truth . you support him because he is a white christian bigot
immigrants, voting rights, people with disabilities, workers, consumers, LGBTQ, women, non-conservatives /2
nope. Merrick Garland was the nominee. You are not representing the amazing people of #COLORADO ... step it up!
Except for women: HALF of Colorado's population are women so NO on Gorsuch.
you voted to allow the mentally ill to buy guns. Why would I trust your judgement after that?!
Women do not need any more enemies in high places. We should wait. #stolenseat
This Supreme Court nomination was stole from Obama Reps whine about all the Dem delays Hypocrites! #resist
so would Merrick Garland but you coward under GOP pressure. Sad!!! Not winning!!
If you care about women's rights or civil rights, he's a terrible choice. So, I guess we know where you stand
you no longer work for the great state of Colorado, you are a fraud!
ahh, no thanks, Cory! Maybe you should meet with your constituents to hear what we feel about Gorsuch!
liberals whining ^ 
I don't get how a Republican could go in for Judge You Can Only Die When The State Says You Can Gorsuch.  Explain?
Car 54 (Cory Gardner) Where are you? 
There’s a crowd in Colorado wanting you to talk.
the majority of Colorado voters want you to vote NO on Gorsuch. You work for us. #DoYourJob
there is no place for religion in our Government & no place for Government in religion. Gorsuch too religious
that seat is stolen! The @GOP should have had confirmation hearings for #MerrickGarland but they were too busy whining.
I hope your resume' is updated.
what a joke
Gorsuch is out of step with #Colorado on marijuana, corporations v. people, abortion, medical aid in dying 1/
who are you? You do not represent Colorado. #fraud.
Let's be honest Cory, if Trump had nominated a GOP doorknob you would be voting for the doorknob. You no longer represent CO
he is an illegitimate nomination only in place because of an obstructionist senate.
does it have anything to do with you being a puppet for your daddy Trump?
On the contrary. Based on his record, Gorsuch is a calamity for women and civil rights.
.@SenCoryGardner He may be a reasonable SCOTUS justice. The problem is having stole the seat on the bench from @GarlandSCOTUS
No Garland? No Gorsuch!
You know who else is a superb choice - Merrick Garland who is STILL waiting for a vote!!
And he will still be waiting for years.  He is NO LONGER  in nomination.  Get over it. HRC lost.
Will he be as good as DeVos, whom you also endorsed?
he will be a nightmare for women.
He consistently rules against kids and teachers. And against the working man! Do your research!
can't hold an in person town hall because he's scared of his constituents.
how does the GOP plan to make ammends for the stolen seat? The problem is not in Gorsuch himself.
Gorsuch NOT agnostic or fair to reproductive or religious rights. VOTE NO. -Voter 80241
Please do not support any Trump nominee until we find out what his ties to Russia are. First things first.
you never fail to disappoint
made some money huh?
why don't you hold an in person town meeting so you can tell us all about it
Of course you think that. You agree with all things @POTUS regardless of what your constituents want. #shill
MERRICK is a superb choice for SCOTUS. We the people were unconstitutionally robbed of his appt by GOP
You sure are wrong a lot.  Maybe listen to your constituents?
You may be right, but Merrick Garland was a highly qualified choice too. You are not being fair.
just as you proudly stood by your vote for Sessions, you should be ashamed of yourself!
One more notch to vote @SenCoryGardner in 2020
wrong again. He has a history of supporting an anti-woman religious agenda. #stolenseat #TownHall
Garland > Gorsuch. #Unconstitutional Denounce Steve King #DoWhatsRight Hold a town hall #DoYourJob
We need you to support this! Anything less is not acceptable! Check out @Evan_McMullin's Tweet: https://twitter.com/Evan_McMullin/status/841655996372119554?s=09 … 
It's time for Republican leadership in Congress to establish a bipartisan select committee to investigate Russia and Trump. @StandUpRepublic 
. @SenCoryGardner @ChieftainNews Why, why, why should voters accept an unconstitutional nominee chosen by a pres who lost the popular vote?
I disagree.   He would be a disaster.
AHCA will be a disastrous law. Will you support Colorado's Medicaid population and vote no?
Why don't you acknowledge the wrongdoings of your colleagues & the violence against minorities? Your silence is deafening.
. @SenCoryGardner @ChieftainNews Taking the pick from Obama was UNCONSTITUTIONAL. How can voters accept this nominee? #noGorsuch
all you do is follow the party line, so just be quiet. Garland should be on the court before anyone else.
Popular vote went to Hillary, Electoral to Trump. We should wait until someone wins both and let him/her make the appt.
We already know why - because you're a partisan hack #OneTermSenator ignoring his CO constituents.
what about Garland. Are all republicans hypocrites?
I disagree.
~unpaid constituent from 80905
Ugh.
We need a vote on Garland before we consider Gorsuch. When will that be happening?
lots of Garland love here in this thread. But the left doesn't coordinate attacks or anything. Go Gorsuch!
Merrick Garland would make a great choice. Oh wait--he already IS the choice. That's his seat!
Any response to Steve King's racist remarks? Have courage, sir. You can still salvage your reputation
Are we suppose to just trust you?
Garland deserved consideration. YOU refused to do your job. I refuse Gorsuch for obvious reasons.
.@SenCoryGardner @ChieftainNews Gorsuch is a way too right for us. And I don't mean correct. No to Gorsuch. How about an open town hall?
Merrick Garland should've gotten his hearing. You played politics with SCOTUS. Shameful.
.@SenCoryGardner @ChieftainNews I'm sorry Senator Gardner but I can't respect this illegitimate nomination. #stolenpick #supportGarland
couldn't you just tweet you're a party controlled stooge and save is time?
Garland was a superb choice. Since it's Trump's last year in office let's hold off on SCOTUS 
#FreeTheDevos50k
how about some comments on healthcare as that is clearly the topic of the day, the CBO report is concerning.
Are you going to fight @POTUS and help Coloradoans keep their healthcare?
Or just bend over to the 4th Reich
you know who would have been a superb SCOTUS? Merrick Garland. You should be ashamed of that obstruction!
yes, Rob is right. Gorsuch is irrelevant. You spit on our constitution with racist obstruction
