Regulations harmful to whom?  Your out-of-state Oil and Gas donors?  You don't represent people, you represent out-of-state interests.
Did they let you try on the cowboy hat?
No try-on's till they are sure he's going 2 screw the workers and the environment. That's why they keep hats in plain sight as encouragement
He's jealous cuz Trump got to toot the truck's horn.
Please describe the regulations you are refering to?
Harmful to whom? The people of Colorado? Your bank account? Your oil, gas, and coal buddies? Regulations aren't present for no reason.
Time to stop self-promoting and start promoting the needs of the people of Colorado. Time for a real townhall.
No.
#yourlastterm
Only paying customers, eh Cory?  Did they give you more than Comcast at $95,000?
That looks like a representative group of Colorado.
The regulations are "harmful"? Who are you kidding? Your policies are harmful to our planet and our future!
Gosh darn regulations like the ones that allow cattle to graze on public land for below market costs?
kill bears in their den u for that
let's discuss at a town hall?!! Your comrade is having quite the week! You are making an uncomfortable bed to lie in.
....
Perhaps an in person town hall so you can elaborate on these regulations....
Why'd you vote to overturn the Stream Protection Rule?
Define "harmful".  You continue to prove to your consitutuents that your motto is #profitsoverpeople. 
However, you appear to be incapable of actually addressing constituency directly. Your tweets feel more like you are building a resume
You are very adept at meeting with small groups of individuals and then claiming that satisfies your obligation to serve your constituents
you mean the Koch cowboys have wagged their fingers and you jumped how high
What are the regulations? Please post meeting minutes. Really want to support you but need to see what your doing. Transparency right?
EPA regs not harmful protect health environment reduce harmful co2 are you being paid by fossil fuel oligarchs/Kochs?
You're just a killer of all things good: environment, animals, women's rights, education! Shame!! bye bye!!
Harmful to whom?  People or corporations?  Knowing you corporations
No cattlewomen in your little boy's club?
I'm with  @SenCoryGardner on this one. Screw the environment. It's overrated.

Like Meryl Streep.
Who needs trees. Fuck that shade and shit...
If by BLM you mean Black Lives Matter then by all means move them out to Colorado.
No need for that trash here....lol..what did Black lives matter do for you?..ooooh let me guess...Not a damn thing...BLM is a scam
Cattle ranching produces tons of methane, destroys ecosystems, pollutes water, creates animal suffering. What are the bad regulations here?
..
BLM = Black Lives Matter?  Oh wait...
That was my thought.  Still don't know what the acronym means
public land is for the public...not just the folks who lobby you. Why meet with them and not the CO voters you represent??
Not harmful probably necessary. Cattle industry need to pay the full cost of their business no more help from government
This definitely seems like it should be a priority right now. Wait. No... no it does not.
Harmful to who? Profit is not your constituent, people are!
Cory Gardner too extreme for Colorado dot dot dot quit destroying Environmental health to help your cronies
Looks like a diverse group that truly represents Colorado in 1887
: Discuss or get paid to remove regulations? Be honest, it's get paid. You didn't listen on privacy, you only listen to money
Funny you'll meet w every special interest group that shoves $$$ down your pants. But a face-to-face town hall meeting w constituents?
U mean trying to loosen grazing regs? Allowing cattlemen cheap grazing leases in exchange 4 destroying wildlife habitat? Define "harmful?"
2020
Harmful how? They seem to be doing just fine in Obama's economy.
What are the harmful regulations?
Coward Cory how were you paid to meet with your Big Business Ranchers?
Y voted yes on Montenagro joining NATO?
You drive me crazy with your double speak. You also voted to kill bears and wolves in hibernation. And to end stream protection. I call BS.
Invite a woman next time
BLM is already in CO on the Denver Fed Center. Why aren't you mentioning them? They are also your constituents. #DoYourJob #stateoverparty
The Islamic Center in Fort Collins was vandalized, & you remain silent. I'm disappointed in you for this & so many things.
What harmful regs and why the move?
I don't even know where to begin with what's wrong with this.
please define "harmful regulations." TY
Wow 3 people yesterday & 9 whites today-WOW-you're so brace to face so many people at once! Did they promise to be nice??
wow what a diverse group you managed to wrangle up
Remember that we will not forget when the man you are following is arrested for treason. You are a puppy dog!  Stand up for Colorado!
Harmful? For who? Oh, the cattlemens bank accounts.
Your social media strategy is as inept as your attempts to present your awful work as good for us or the land we depend on
Harmful to whom? Desecrating the environment is harmful to us all! (CO 80422)
You can have all the money in the world, but if all of your neighbors are dead, what purpose does your life serve?
Discussed repealing harmful regulations and my plan to move the BLM headquarters west with the Colorado cattlemen earlier this week. 
Are those the "harmful" regs where they get the chance to overgraze *our* land for a fraction of the fair market value?
Town hall
I second that emotion!  He avoids us and @RepMikeCoffman doesn't give real answers. Not representing Colorado
don't get me started in that bumbling hypocrite coward @RepMikeCoffman... ex military, scared of constituents 
And yet they get sent back to misrepresent us - not by my vote
Where are the women ranchers of Colorado?
And the cost to relocate hundreds of Fed employees would be what? This is purely a cosmetic proposal, resolves nothing, and wastes money.
.@SenCoryGardner is a vote I regret beyond all others
How about you actually SIT DOWN WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS ON THE WESTERN SLOPE! We have thoughts about this as well! Stop pandering to MONEY!
You're not a cowboy Cory...more of a cow patty.
Regulations protect people. YOU protect businesses. You don't care about people.
Another republican hanging out in a room full of old white dudes.
You can tell by their hats they are cowboys? Have you discussed this with tree huggers? 
RED NECKS , WHITE SOCKS AND BLUE RIBBON BEER!
@SenCoryGardner start voting in the interests of CO. Not republicans and donors. CO is a right to work state. We hired u, we'll fire you.
PS not a paid protester. Born in Aurora, raised near Expo Park, went HS @ Overland, currenrly attending UCD. Enough details to prove it?
Harmful to your constituents, or harmful to the bottom line of this one small but environmentally very high-impact industry?
It won't matter now that dt is in the process of dismantling our environment protection.
What harmful regulations are you referring to,?  Please be specific about which regulations you feel are harmful.
Nice, let me guess profit over people?
How many groups of old white men do we need? Where are the rest of the people? The ones PROTECTED by regulations!!!
The group of older men in this room have about 20 years left on this earth...why not bring some YOUNG people into the conversation?
Hold a town Hall in Glenwood Springs.
Women deserve a seat at the table @SenCoryGardner
We need to elect a WOMAN senator! And have meetings that look like Colorado!
#WeWillReplaceYou
what do you mean harmful regulations?  Harmful to whom?  Protect clean air and clean water
And please explain why you voted to take away funding of reproductive healthcare?  Your party are such experts in healthcare after all.
BS propaganda. Regulations protect our environment and public health. You're a disgrace.
You & @RepKenBuck have done NOTHING to protect Coloradans. I am volunteering specifically to get you out of office. You are a disappointment
Can you even state which 'harmful' regulations you are talking about? Or is it a secret?
I am giddy about the thought of voting you out.  Way to screw the environment and our privacy. Maybe you can halt cancer research too!
you mean regulations like the ones that cleared up the brown cloud over denver? how about a real town hall this recess?
Bet @SenCoryGardner is too young to remember Nixon regs that cleared Brown Cloud
Your harmful regulations are actually useful protections of our health & environment. We need protection more than corporations need money.
Please share, minutes of the meeting we can review? What harmful regulations do you speak about? Be clear and represent all Coloradans
Keep it up wise-ass! And...get your resume ready. You're gonna need it.
Which "harmful" regs? Suspect they're the ones that protect environment, health. Be open and honest. You serve us, not biz.
The only thing harmful about regulations is removing them. Companies don't volunteer to do the right thing so people have to impose laws.
Senator, you realize using Incognito Mode  doesn't hide your browser history when it is sold..
Still waiting for an in person town hall. Your voting record is a sell out to  donors and big corp. Why pretend u care about constituents?
Which harmful regs? The ones that protect the air/water/soil, or the ones that keep your friends from destroying the earth?
Did you discuss how we will benefit from the sale of our private data? Your aides can't seem to articulate it very well.
I assume this was after you sold my internet privacy to your friends in telecom?
For $95K
Sorry the people's health and livelihood get in the way of corporate greed.
#HarmfulRegulations
Discussed repealing harmful regulations and my plan to move the BLM headquarters west with the Colorado cattlemen earlier this week. 
.@SenCoryGardner   little man
Yes, please tell us specifically which regulations, and how they were allegedly unnecessary.
Harmful regulations that protect the people? #nopriorities
How about 45 signing bills to hurt our public land and polute our air and water? Guess you don't care if your kids can eat or drink. SAD
How harmful is it to keep water and air clean, or crops free of cancer causing pesticides? Stop putting money above people. #SellOut.
Can you specify which harmful regulations?
