good old 50k cory cracking skulls! You show them cory! Your only on the side of people that pay!
better make room in GItmo for trump administration! Waterboard traitors, right? Domestic terrorists, right?
what are you doing about looking into the Trumps ties with Russia.  That is all that matters now.  Your constituent.
1356 DAYS 22 HOURS 02 MINUTES 40 SECONDS until you're out of Colorado politics.
Sorry but who cares?!? Don't you have more pressing work to do? Represent!!!
so stop the closing of a worthless off shore prison, but don't listen to your constituency and what they want from you?
When are you going to push to investigate the admin's relationship with Russia? Hypocrite.
Have you donated the DeVos $50k yet?  Your friendly daily reminder. #FreeTheDevos50k
Greetings from sunny Colorado Springs.  I am a retiree enjoying the gains my 401k made during Obama.  Don't f it up.
REALLY? My 401 took such a huge dump I had to go back to work
at the end of Bush you mean.
Exactly! at the end of Bush Dems took over and the working class lost everything.
It sounds like you panicked and sold everything.  That was your mistake, not the Dems.
held on till 2015 was regulated and taxed out of business into homelessness.
why? Seriously, what do you think this will achieve?
no!!
who cares if our kids education program is run by a church lady with no credentials! Let's make this an issue!
GOP claims to be the fam values party. Vote and lead like you care about my fam & our values!  80228
the @GOP wants to save money so why not close #GITMO?? Maybe it could fund the wall 
when can we join you in leading charge to investigate @POTUS connections to Russia? Something isn't right.
worried about security? Ahhh... can you say trussia?
You are very out of touch with your constituents.
where are you , Cory? Come out, come out, wherever you are!
why don't you pass meaningful immigration reform. Then worry about deporting the criminals here illegally
Investigate Flynn/Russian connections
we want a town hall
your credibility is gone
Honestly? That place is pure propaganda for terrorists. CLOSE IT DOWN, don't fill it up- keep us safe!
Instead of patting yourself on the back for nothing, set up a town hall to hear from your actual constituents!
Russian connections and tax return are the question. Are you in the rat's nest too.
urge @POTUS to place an immediate hold on transferring immigrants and undocumented! This is disrupting lives! #Resist
You DO realize most of our recent terrorists are HOME GROWN citizens.... Don't you?
How about placing a hold on all of those infamous deportations of hard working tax paying human beings!!!
sure nothing else happening.  When is your next CO town hall meeting?
#GTMO is where ALL republicans should be. LOCK THEM UP!!!
LOCK THEM (and YOU) UP!!
B.S.  You'll do exactly what your puppet master tells you to do. You're not fooling anyone.
Are you kidding me this is what you are concerned with today
how about paying attention to what is important! Russia and ties to administration.
use you time to correct his policy on immigration and the #MuslimBan as well as his connections to Russia
btw, how about some support on defeating bill to give guns to mentally ill?
how very Republican of you
let them go!
Where do stand on K Conway situation?  Can she do commercial on national TV for the Trump brand without any consequences?
GITMO?  That should be way down the list of your priorities right now. Take care of what is happening NOW!
i support the closing of Gitmo. Sincerely, your constituent. 80211
follow your counterpart’s example and urge an investigation into Flynn and what the administration knew!
Maybe you should be demanding an investigation on who else has connections to the Russian government.
I bet you'd change your vote for $49.8k
Close GITMO already FFS.
also urge a hearing into Russian ties by @POTUS. Thanks.
how about a town hall to meet with your constituents?  Many would like to talk with you!  Colorado Stands Together interes
Let Gitmo go, investigate #SCROTUS as a national security threat. Vote NO on Pruitt and Park drilling also.
Daily new revelations about the White House and Russia and you're tweeting about Gitmo? Not inspiring confidence, Senator.
How about joining your colleagues in urging an investigation into this administration's ties to Russia?
Thank you Mr. Gardner
you really have no idea what's going on do you.  It's time for a town hall so we, the voters in CO,  can inform you.
and what are you doing about Donald trump ties to Russia
What we really need is an immediate investigation into the Trump administration ties to Russia and foreign interest.
where is your statement regarding Flynn or POTUS dealing with confidential documents in a public dining room?
man up and do your job! Demand an investigation into who knew what & when re Flynn/Russia... #notpaid 80112
We have BIGGER problems than GTMO right now Sen. What are you doing to call for an investigation on Flynn?
sounds like the liberals don't like Cory. Oh well they are committing suicide in Ca, NY & CO
I'll ask AGAIN...when will you put America first????
How about a thorough investigation on POTUS, administration and Russia.
Agreed! Also, town hall.
This is what you are worried about right now? Investigate Trump for Russian ties!
I'm not surprised that you'd fight against the right thing on closing GTMO.  Also, no comment on Putin's infiltration of WH?
your constituents want you to stand up and recognize the incompetence in the WH
Investigate Russia/Flynn ties.  Maybe show up for a town hall?  #coryischickenshit #notapaidprotestor.  80922
we don't need GITMO, close it down!
we want a town hall anywhere in the state! Am willing to drive from 80113.
INVESTIGATE RUSSIA/TRUMP!
GITMO should be closed. Holding people w/o a trial is unAmerican, and it cost too much.
make sure to keep a cell available for Flynn and the other Russian spies in the #WhiteHouse
what is going on with Russia and Trump administration?
INVESTIGATE FLYNN NOW!
speaking of GTMO......better look into ur buddy Trump......We the people are watching
I'd rather you spend your time representing my 80113 interests by investigating all Trump ties to Russia.
Your constituents are asking you to investigate Russia's ties to @POTUS and for a town hall. Listen to us. #notpaid 80015
also have you scheduled your town hall yet?
how about you start doing your job and call for an investigation into Flynn and Russia
Close Gitmo?!? How is this relevant? Stop dinking around and get to work! 

When are you going to hold a town hall?
Why aren't you up in arms about Pence, Trump, Flynn and Russia? Doesn't corruption in our government concern you?
Bought & sold to the white supremacist Trump administration - another power hungry GOP suck up
Why don't you worry about the traitor in the White House? Why did you sell us out to Russia?? INVESTIGATE TRUMP!!
how about investigating Russian interference in our election. Seems a bit more relevant. I'm 81303.
Join #GOP Blunt call for an exhaustive probe of Flynn/Trump/Russia.It's time to lead or at least join the effort. #notnormal
How about joining your constituents for a Town Hall?
Senator the biggest threat today to national security is Russian meddling in our affairs
gitmo is a stain on our history. Put those people to trial. Close gitmo
installing a cabinet with plutocracy as priority and not the electorate. You do not represent us
investigate illegitimate Russia ties at all levels. Your silent collaboration is tacit consent to undermine USA.
if we asked for a town hall  about gtmo would you finally show up? Represent constitutants not money interests..
what was potus involvement with Flynn and Russian ambassador (Logan act) if any
you mean you joined your Republican colleagues
How about joint reality and finding out about collusion with a foreign government?#ResistTrump
We're not paid, but we are well aware of your paid contributions by DeVos and others. Shame!!#80537
Current administration is turning out to be the the big picture threat to our security. Clean up our house here!!!
I understand your small picture views of increasing American security issues. You need to look big picture..
Not high on my list of things that are important and need attention
WHAT about the Russia issue? Stop ghosting and DO something. 2018- Boy, bye!
Calls for torture and life imprisonment wo trial is a song for thugs and cowards.  Which are you?
.@SenCoryGardner why? Evidence?
THIS IS THE ISSUE NOW:  "What did the President know & when did he know it?"  Feels worse than w/Nixon in 1974 #GOP
Have a town hall meeting!  investigate Trump/Russia connections.  Do your job! Your (in)actions will be remembered!
Respectfully, bad move on your part. GTMO no longer useful.
schedule a town hall now.  Your constituents have things to discuss.  80831
Senator come to Colorado and face constituents in a TOWN HALL setting. #DoYourJob
Ask POTUS to resign. Then I would feel safe.  Let me know when YOU actually do something for us and not just the GOP
Where's your call to put Flynn, Trump campaign staff, tax returns before select committee, UNDER OATH!  Scared Cory?
Being under oath would NOT stop a Republican from lying, especially a Russian Operative @realDonaldTrump
How about urging him to release his tax returns already? Far more relevant to national security.
Seriously,  Senator?  Always have your finger on the pulse,  don't ya.  Find your spine and stand up against treason
Call someone who cares. That's a real game changer. My life is forever better??? Keep the good news coming....
Investigate Flynn's actions w Russia and all the connective tissue surrounding them. Anything less is UNACCEPTABLE.
The people who actually voted for you think you're doing a great job. Keep up the good work!
You and you Senate colleagues should be demanding the Administration explain what the hell they're doing WRT Russia, etc.
Flynn made those calls at Trump's request. You know it, America knows it. DO YOUR JOB!
how about urging Trump to come clean on Russia and his taxes?
already safe from foreign threats. How about making us safer from domestic threats in  @POTUS admin w/ ties to Russia?
See? You CAN put pressure on the executive branch. Now let's see it with Russia/Flynn. Time to investigate!
How about those Russian conflicts of interests? Dossiers? ACA? Tax Returns? You know. The things that matter?
Investigate Flynn and Trump for Russian collusion
I'm a constituent of your. Gitmo is a stain on our nation and a phenomenal terrorist recruiting tool. Close it!
You support #GTMO but not town halls with your constituents. What is it about the light of day that so frightens you?
Not the most important thing you need to be working on, by a long shot.
America is strong enough to try these suspects in a court of law. No torture. Close GITMO. Gardner is a coward
investigate Russia's role in our election! Do your job! #fundraisingtotakeyourjob #lookout
our safety is compromised by this treasonous administration. Do something about it!
WTF Cory? You are worried about this?
Where are the Senate investigations into Trump and Russia?
#FlynnDidntActAlone
town hall meetings NOW. Stop avoiding your constituents.
we want a town hall in Denver. Why won't your office schedule one? #WhereIsCory
Please find him I am worried about him. Should we file a missing persons report.
