ICYMI: @denveropinion praising Judge Gorsuch: "Trump would do well to consider Neil Gorsuch for Supreme Court"
What makes Gorsuch valid but not Garland - answer that! You blocked Garland for no reason. back@U #imnotpaid
, the founding father of Fascism Forever?  Surely, you jest?!  When and how did my country allow Fascists to take over?  NO!
No, he's an embarrassment 
I live in Boulder County and it creeps me out to know he's a neighbor
I'm a real Coloradan, like one living and paying taxes in Colorado. Not paid out of stater. Vote No on DeVos and Sessions.
I was born in Colorado not a paid protester you need to work for the people of Colorado not Trumps agenda
Unlike you're making most Coloradans. @SenCoryGardner.
Congratulations to native Coloradan Judge Neil Gorsuch on being nominated to the Supreme Court. I know he'll make Colorado proud. 
excellent point about a western perspective. that makes me wonder where all the current justices hailed from and were raised
#onetermgardner
No
80206 Gardner got $49,800 in "contributions" from DeVos Inc Justice? Bribery! Vote NO or recuse yourself from MON vote!
I can confirm that this is false. I am already ashamed and he hasn't even been confirmed yet.
Hobby Lobby decision was horrible and cost coverage for women.  Say no!
Where are you on protecting us in Colorado with preexisting conditions?
Gorsuch=Colorado pride; great thinker; wonderful judge/prof who replaces Scalia w/o tipping Supremes. Urge Dems support him
Merrick Garland's seat, not Gorsuch.
he will not make me proud. Originalist opinions have no place in 21st century.
Reject Gorsuch!  Find a judge more moderate.  He's a TERRIBLE choice for WE THE PEOPLE.  Reject him!
are you serious? You are weak! The country will remember your many failures. We will not forget. #ResistTrump
what makes us proud is taking care of each other, not being GOP lackeys.  YOU do NOT make us proud.
Vote Gardner OUT in #Election2020
I agree and hope you will support me when that time comes.
Oh you do, do you?
nope
#Gorsuch Won't make me proud when he takes away my human rights as a woman. I'm a voting Coloradan and want Gorsuch REJECTED
Womens rights are Human Rights! You work for us!
What a total failure u r.Our enemies will always hate us&now our allies hates us too!That's NOT leadership,that's stupidity
& you can make colorado proud TOO. VOTE NO ON DEVOS who doesn't know & respect federal education laws. PLEASE.
#NeilGorsuch must wait for  confirmation hearings for #MerrickGarland are held and completed. #willofthepeople #WaitinLine
#NeilGorsuch does not represent the views of #Colorado despite what you think. We will do the thinking for you. #notGorsuch
Please propose a law that all Supreme Court nominees must be vetted and voted on within 60 days? #nomorepowergrabs
I hope Colorado wakes up and votes you out
Are you concerned about his known position against Colorado's recently passed death with dignity?
Judge Gorsuch is an activist judge who believes his interpretation of the Constitution overrides settled law - not right
Doesn't represent Colorado values of reproductive rights,supports big business over citizens,chevron deference.A constituent
tell @SenBennetCO to pull up big boy pants and to do his job!
listen to the people. Date of town hall?
I doubt it!
Also you need more people to answer your phones.
Your partisanship and shameless grabbing for power is slimy & gross. I wont forget how you & urs scammed democracy.
Judge Gorsuch is an illegitimate pick until you hold hearings on Judge Garland.
wrong stance on Gorsuch - vote no!!!
your VMs are full. #StopDeVos
after he takes away our voting rights or after he takes away a woman's right to choose?
I wish you had been this fast to support science and oppose the EO banning muslims with green cards and visas
NOPE.
I live in Colorado Springs. I'm ashamed of you, and of Gorsuch. Looks like it's obstruct o'clock.
@indivisibleden @IndivCOInd No he won't. Those who obstructed Obama will now get a taste of their own medicine.
I want to know where he stands on the presidents desire to overturn roe v. Wade. Are you going to ask him about that?
Your definition of "proud" is very different than mine. For example, I bet you're proud of yourself. I think you suck.
I think out of respect for Merrick Garland, you should delay any hearings for at least 10 months. Fair is fair.
Nah. Only 1450 days until next POTUS. American people should have say in who makes next SCOTUS nominee.
I agree with you!  Now will you please vote against DeVos?
had to be crafty with that applause, can't give PRESIDENT, that's right, PRESIDENT Trump any credit.
He's qualified, unlike President Trump's cabinet nominees. As a constituent, I urge you to vote no on Devos and Sessions
Gorsuch has the ideals of the 1950's. We are not going back!  Act like you're from CO for once.
With less than 4 years until the next POTUS election, I think we should wait and let the next POTUS decide.  Don't you?
Until Trump releases his tax returns and sells his businesses how can we trust anyone he nominates to SCOTUS?
FYI Gorsuch is not pro-life. No one who rejects access to birth control can be anti-abortion. #SCOTUS
stupidity abound
Hey, don't get so down on yourself. I'm sure you have many compensating qualities. Chin up, buddy!
I seriously hope you treat Gorsuch with the same respect you gave Garland
- Except for the fact that his decisions keep conflicting with CO voters and virtues
here's a question, when will you start making coloroado proud?
