I just heard on NPR that CO's individual ins exchange prices are 25% lower than the rest of the US Explain to me what needs to be repealed.
What about those of us who have always Worked and paid for our Health Care and can NO LONGER AFFORD IT?
Pass this healthcare bill @SenCoryGardner Negotiating with @chuckschumer is Not a viable option. Keep that majority in 2018!
You are in cahoots with Trump, trying to take health care away from millions, and won't even hold a town hall to talk to us
Canceling the August recess is an easy way for you to avoid the pressure of coming back to Colorado and holding a town hall
#StopTheInsanity! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #FreeMarketOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
There is a lot of work to be done. You're not the one to do it. Unemployment looms ever closer. Can you feel the breath on your neck?
If Congress doesn't want this HC Ins. we don't want it either. Vote no for your constituents, not your bribes. Country & health over Party!
can you not take away our health care please? oh and also could you open your DC phone line? i call every day and y'all don't answer
I got Alex in DC
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/887678587108814848 …
Like voting no on that POS BCRA.
The Senate is doing the right thing.  Much to do #RepealAndReplace #fundthegovernment #taxreform
Lots to do, take away healthcare protections that you get to keep? Tax windfalls for the uber rich? You do realize that CHIP is Medicaid?
You realize CHIP is children's health insurance from Medicaid. That's hundreds of thousands of kids that you are okay w/ killing healthcare.
@SenBennetCO can you please start a discussion in the Senate to expel Cory Gardner?  He no longer works or talks to #Colorado citizens.
Do not sign that abomination of a health care bill! It will be the nail in the coffin of your career in Colorado politics.
Please do not vote for the Republican HC bill in its current form. Very BAD
I heard your statement about "spiking the football". No one is gloating. You're Lock step with a failed president.
Senator Gardner What do you stand for? Who do you stand with? Eagerly awaiting your response since 7/5/17 #Indivisibleden #ADAPT #AHCA #ACA
And you need to meet with your constituents so you can hear what they have to say. We're here in Grand Junction, waiting for a Town Hall!
As a Colorado registered voter, you've failed this state and it will be our turn so to vote you as a failure out of office.
Still reviewing the hlthcare bill? Check Pense's lies:  http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/17/politics/mike-pence-medicaid-fact-check/index.html …   @indivisibleCO3 @SenBennetCO You:NO to M'Caid cuts!! 400k
Please vote NO health bill.
.@SenCoryGardner The petulant, vindictive, petty and unproductive act of repealing ACA serves NO ONE but @GOP. Grow a spine and fix ACA.
NO ONE??? What about those of us who have always Worked and paid for our Health Care and can NO LONGER AFFORD IT?
Delaying meeting with your constituents is not. What is your opinion of the #GOP health terror bill?
Important work of screwing us all over? That's the only thing I see happening.
Let's talk abt healthcare & get the #FullRepeal! Say NO to universal healthcare. USA deserves better! Stand #UnitedForFreedom & get it done!
Staying in DC is convenient for someone who's hiding from constituents.
And nicely allows you to avoid your constituents even longer...
Like taking away my health care.  Thanks for nothing...
What about those of us who have always Worked and paid for our Health Care and can NO LONGER AFFORD IT? You Deserve it? You Work for it!
Most important work - PROTECT health care for ALL!!! Do you really have the guts for that OR is your head so far up the Koch brothers arses?
You don't want to have to dodge concerned constituents in your home state. Besides there is a poor child somewhere that still has insurance.
Oh my god! She's coming right at you! RUN Cory RUN!
Con Man Cory almost talked about #Trumpcare . Almost coward.
@SenCoryGardner please refer to my email and vote no. ACA needs bipartisan work not repeal & replace. OR, should we repeal & replace you?
The only important thing about today's health care bill is that it not pass! Just reform the ACA and call it Trump care.
Just say no to these so called healthcare bills but read them 1st. Have a heart, and a backbone. #HealthcareBill
Cut the crap Cory. Kill this bill! Medicaid saves lives. This bill would KILL my daughter.
Please Fix not repeal & replace the #ACA. #Healthcare4All #ImpeachTrump #Colorado
You told me you would stand strong against any Medicaid cuts. How dare you even consider voting for Trumpcare. #ourlivesmatter #blighter
You can't even look the constituents you betray in the eye. No town halls, not even private meetings. Coward. Patsy. Fool. #shame
You say that because you're still ducking your constituents. When will all the Trump administration scandal bring you to your senses.
"New" plan has leaked: worse than previous. Adopting Cruz's ideas would put insurance out of reach for preexisting conditions & the v. sick
If you vote y, you should ask yourself every night why you are ok with forcing families to choose between financial ruin and treating cancer
We appreciate your efforts! Obamacare raised my rates which lowered my paycheck. Can't afford it but I don't expect it to be given to me!
We all know how much you love avoiding your constituents, so this is no surprise. Wish you were working for US, but oh well. 2020 is coming.
Please do not repeal and replaces our current healthcare.  Support it and fix it.  We all deserve to live regardless of our wealth.
When's the work start?? You where in the committee that wrote the health care bill and say you don't what's in it???
Senator, so your plan is to sheepishly walk up & vote for the GOP healthcare bill while ignoring the Trump/Russia fiasco?!?
How do you sleep at night?
Oh lord!
Works out for you. Less time to avoid your constituents. #onetermsenator
Hope you have big plans for your retirement in 2020. #BOObitchBye
Perhaps to find a way to work WITH democrats? Let's see that you really care about US, your constituents.
Vote no on Trump care!!!  Do what is right for Coloradans !
This is about cramming an very unpopular bill through...  We are paying attention  Don't support taking health care from Coloradoans
The right move is to fix what's broken in the ACA. Take the politics out of the equation. Do what's right for your constituents. Stop just
Represent Colorado with dignity and respect that your constuants desire!
then get it done and get behind OUR PRESIDENT
Perfect excuse to avoid having a town hall.
Destroying our healthcare and the environment takes effort. No wonder you  guys are working so hard
Your constituents deserve to hear from you directly.
http://coloradotimesrecorder.com/2017/07/citing-sick-child-england-gardner-remains-committed-obamacare-replacement-sees-progress-senate-bill/4898/ …

What about sick children in Colorado?
Hey Senator, you know what else is the "right move"? Listening to your constituents and voting NO on Trumpcare
Work with the Dems and make something good!
Please don't vote yes on this horrific "health care bill"
What are you working on? Destroying the middle class?
Please don't vote for RepublicanCare. Your plan needs negotiation and public vetting. Please!
Per @TopherSpiro JUST IN: Insurance industry says Cruz amendment will unleash a death spiral for people with pre-existing conditions.
It's the right move only if Senate uses the time to IMPROVE, not repeal, access to affordable, quality healthcare. NO on repeal/replace.
#NoVawa4Visa
What important work? Hiding from protesters, or meeting with people who bribe you? Yeah sounds super time consuming
Any word from #charminsoftcorygardner on....oh I don't know...healthcare, education, town halls, our Presidents ties to Russia? Any word?
Hey, listen: ur a traitor to ur country. Google The Rosenbergs...I'll wait...
Please work with the Democrats and independents for healthcare do not do it yourselves behind closed doors that is a coward's move
@SenCoryGardner has not said anything about this healthcare bill or healthcare for #Colorado
Activating truth translator: @SenCoryGardner means that he has important money to take from lobbyists to add to his bank account
Senator, guess since you are dodging talking healthcare reform, you will also have no statements on Trump/Russian collusion.
Important work like avoiding your constituents?  Grow a pair and face the fact that you do not represent the interest of most of your people
Where's Cory
CO wants a bipartisan fix to ACA, like the majority of citizens. Start representing us.
Liar. You're hiding from us. Staying in DC to destroy 1000s of CO lives. Hold a LIVE, IN PERSON town hall. You chicken hawk. Bawk Bawk.
Does that mean @SenCoryGardner that you will FINALLY host a #TownHall or any #open #meeting with your constituents—the first since MARCH '16
Any comments on the growing Trump Russia Collusion scandal? You've been noticeably silent on the matter.
It's not the right move. The right move would be to leave the ACA alone & admit yr incompetence. But yr arrogance prevents u from doing so.
What is your stand on healthcare for Coloradans?
No, you need to start doing important work rather than striving to destroy our liberty, health and economy.
"Meeting with Coloradans, hearing their concerns, and finding ways to work together..." ur email is a joke. You never do this-who u kidding?
Vote no and kill the bill. Then you can do whatever.
Yes you do. Vote to protect those that have preexisting conditions. 80439
First clean up the Trump mess
"due to the current threat assessment and current events that he will have to cancel ..." SHAME ON YOU. Steamboat protest and you run.
work like stopping #Trumpcare #VoteNoBCRA
Senator what you need is a permanent recess from politics. And don't embarrass yourself by saying in-state work...you haven't ever done that
More farm tours ? We know you won't do a town hall don't worry we'll come to uoj
Too bad for you since you do nothing when you're here might be surprised this next trip
If your work involves removing supports and healthcare from our most vulnerable, stop now. You need to listen to those who vote first.
Like scraping the healthcare bill in senate and starting over. That bill is not good for Colorado.
I hope that "important work" includes doing something about the White House colluding with Russia. Or does the Kremlin have something on u?
The only thing dumber than ending a session having accomplished nothing is to extend the session another 2 weeks to accomplish nothing.
By 'in-state', do you mean the Philippines where you can snuggle with your favorite murderous dictator?
#WeWillReplaceYou
Lock up the Russian-Republicans on Gitmo, then we can get some real work done!
Like giving tax breaks to billionaires at the expense of the sick and poor? You are a disgrace to Colorado and to our country.

These are your constituents, not "a threat assessment"! Little old ladies scare you Corey? Such a coward!
Any excuse for you to keep ignoring us!  We want a town hall in COS!
U just.had a damn vacation do your job
We DEMAND full repeal&replacement with free market not this RINOcare that is currently on the docket.  Listen to conservatives not liberals.
bot
Coming from the guy who hides from his constituents regardless... 

#OneTermSenator
Yes, LIKE IMPEACHING THE PRESIDENT. Oh, and killing the awful Trump care bill.
Your office said you could not comment on ACHA, you had to read it first
Didn't you know you were a creator of the horrible health bill?
Save our healthcare!!!
Gardner couldn't be more clear: He does not represent citizens of Colorado. He does not care about Colorado. End of story.
Like voting no on that lousy healthcare bill...
Do the actual work to put together a healthcare plan that serves the needs of your constituents- not just a veiled tax break for the rich!
Obviously. Your office tells me you still don't have an opinion on #BCRA, won't say how you'll vote. #SaveACA #copolitics
Get to work and collaborate with Bennett and other Democrats to fix the ACA or come up with something better. Your choice.
Please address the Medicaid Needs of the most vulnerable. Don't abandon us to save a buck. #NoCapsNoCuts
Help us who don't want to have it. $1100 a month for 2, $5500 deductible each. It is worthless to us.
What important work? Since you don't have town Halls, none in CO know what you're doing, besides meeting Koch Bros!!
Voting you out is the right thing to do,  too. Can't wait.
like improving the ACA, instead of that disaster you callTrump Care
You would be just hiding anyway.  So no prob!
So you can jam thru your pathetic legislation? Ha! Your "work ethic" is so, uh, new. COLORADO WILL UNSEAT YOU. Have a great summer kiddo.
Yup, no rest for those trying to kick millions off of health care. Maybe spend the time trying to improve the ACA?
Thank you, Senator. Support our President.
Ummm....anything else in the news today for you to comment on? 
Hopefully you'll be attending the impeachment trial of @realDonaldTrump
Haters will hate.
Yes like #healthcare that is not #taxbreak for #rich vote no on your bill it's not good for #colorado
ABSOLUTELY! We finally have the President who is GETTING THINGS DONE.
You do know that CO is growing every day, right? The longer you delay answering, the more constituents you have to answer.
Cory, we miss you. Come home and meet with and talk to us. We need to know what you think, and you need to know what we think.
When will you come to Colorado and have a town hall? We have a lot of questions and you're looking like you're bought and paid for by Trump
Gardner are you not reading what your constituents are saying to you?
Stand behind @GovofCO in joining the climate agreement.  Stand with @GovofCO in opposing the BCRA. Stand w/CO and keep Medicaid expansion.
Voting no on the shameful healthcare bill should be a no brainer. What we've come to find unfortunately, nothing can be taken for granted.
No. You don't. Best if you go on vacation. You will cause less trouble.
Yes. You do. How about making some flvipartisan fixes to #ACA instead of stealing #Medicaid from 1000s of Coloradans to pay off 1%ers
Simply amazing that you refuse to even acknowledge a topic that is important to ALL of your constituents.
Who knew you could classify "Fucking more than 500,000 Coloradans out of their healthcare so that many of them die" as "important work"?
And it gives you an excuse for avoiding a #TownHall with constituents. Speaking of that, are you trolling us now? "Meeting with Coloradans?"
Ok, so, during the August break you'll be in Colorado talking to us, right? Because you should not come back here to ignore the people.
.@SenCoryGardner "in-state" work is laughable. If I missed as many meetings with my "boss" as you do, I'd be fired!
Good call staying in Washington. Kill the imploding obamacare and pass something that works.
Demand bipartisan inquiry into this compromised administration.  Jr admits to accepting help from RU in attack on US. Where is ur outrage?
Use it to fix the Affordable Care Act
yes you do!
Senator, straight-up, what is going on with your GOP healthcare reform?  Did you agree to swear secrecy on it or what?
Does your important work involve ignoring your constituents and voting for a disastrous health care bill?
Were you devising ways to avoid your constituents while at home in August? Stop being a disappointment to #Colorado
Smart move would be to fix ACA, not "repeal and replace" with a Trumpcare plan that has 12% approval rating. Colorado is purple, not red.
Bragging on you and your healthcare thieves having a few more days to find a 3am timeslot to kill healthcare for millions. SMH #corythecreep
Like taking health care away from millions of people, including your constituents.
Hey, I want to thank the GOP for finding the 880B needed to give the American people single payer health care. Congrats.
Funny words for delaying vacation.
Hiding again...still?
Please VOTE NO! I call your office but nobody ever answers. We are your constituents, come back and have an open town hall in Denver!
Important work? Like finding more ways to give tax cuts to wealthy disguised as "health care" & then trying to spin what the bill does?
What needs to happen is term-limit legislation.  Nothing personal, but I'm tired of party meaning more than Country!  It's destroying us!
Like meeting with your constituents? Challenging the legitimacy of a regime that took office via foreign powers?

Like impeachment? Get started
You represent voting constituents not the electorial college. Hold a town hall to understand varriation of needs & then work with Democrats.
Delaying recess to take health care away from Coloradans?
So you can see how many more people you can kill
You need to come Senator.  Don't want you to do anymore damage than you already have done.
Yes, like cleansing the administration of Russian agents! Are you American or Russian? This treason has gone on long enough!
You must be happy to avoid your constituents.  You know that we are not ok with the BCRA and we will let you know that to your face.
Well, Bless your heart, yet another excuse for you to ignore your constituents.With a 26% approval rating, I'd be afraid to show my face too
Nothing to say about the Trump shitshow today huh?
Not like you do any in-state work anyway
Can your daughter sit in for you and have a town hall?
Your important work should be to resign now! We need someone to stand for integrity. Speak up about Trump & his family's Treason. Zip: 80210
