How about a full statement on AHCA? Swing by our little protest tomorrow! You’ll be the guest of honor!

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
@SenCoryGardner is always talking about North Korea and never about #Colorado.  You'd think he's a professor of Korean history not a senator
Care to have a town hall? Or meet with constituents? No? We know what you're all about. This stmt says nothing. HEALTHCARE. COLORADO.
Here's your full statement on trumpcare and talking with your constituents.......................................................silence.
You're taking away our healthcare, clean air and water, national parks, immigrant rights, and our voting rights. We're firing your ass
How about "drafting bipartisan legislation" for Healthcare?
Still waiting for your full statement on how you will vote on the Healthcare Bill.  Yes or No?
Where's your full statement on the HACA?
Nothing you say means anything since you are all about party first and clearly don't care about majority of constituents
Great. What's your "full statement" on #BCRAP.
Warmongering, I see.
What, nobody to drag out of wheelchairs today? The most heinous regime in the world right now is in Washington and you support it.
Can CO senators be repealed?
@GOP?
@CNN?
Just not re-elected! Good luck in the private sector!
This is another distraction from the horrific health bill you are trying to get passed. Your agenda is not Colorado's agenda.
I don't care what you think about NK, I care about Colorado but apparently you don't.
We need a full statement on this:
Check out @AynRandPaulRyan's Tweet:
I swear to God Trump is sundowning.
Here he is, confused, wandering away from his limo.
He had to be redirected.
#25thAmendmentNow 
Comment tally so far...
Healthcare:45
Criticism/UR Fired:27
Meet w/constituents:21
Disagree w/NK statement:11
Russia:1
Miss you:1
Are you going to make a statement in when you plan on meeting with your constituents?
Just hold a town hall. Shut up about North Korea. You sound like a deranged person.
Go back to the Philippines and shake hands with Duterte
Senator, thanks for the NK statement, missed you at the 4th parade. Guess you could not make it.
Where is your full statement on why you won't meet with us Face to face? Schedule a LIVE, IN PERSON, town hall. What are you afraid of? Bawk
MEETING WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS SHOULD BE YOUR ONLY PRIORITY. Hindsight is #2020 and there is no longer any doubt you will be voted out.
That's great sir! Now, about your job in voting for the healthcare bill and talking to your constituents. #daily
Great. Full statement on #WealthCare ? Maybe a town hall to discuss it?

No ? Then #CorysGottaGo ! #2020
North Korea is serious, but best handled by diplomats & DOD. Please focus on removing Trump & keeping ACA.
How bout a statment on trump care?
Where's Cory
trump care is a bad deal for CO voters. Constituents want to know where you stand?
Statement about North Korea is no substitute for in person dialogue with your constituents. Why No 4th of July appearance? Town Hall?#noAHCA
you're making a lot of "full statements" . . . Where is your statement explaining why YOU think the healthcare bill is good?
You know Putin is selling North Korea weapons & oil right? & Donny will not do shit about it. So write another letter Cory. #russianpuppet
They've been doing these damn tests for how long? Focus on things that matter, like idk, COLORADO!
Trumpcare is a much bigger threat to Coloradans than NK.
When you're ready to meet with your constituents on topics we need you to pay attention to, let us know. Quit being a slave to lobbyists.
This is nonsensical with no specific policy prescriptions. Specifically you should sponsor targeted leadership sanctions of states that 1/
violate @RepEdRoyce bill. Target luxury goods for the DPRK leaders, work with the ROK to ensure that a rapid evacuation plan for Seoul 2/
Gimpo, Incheon, etc is in place, do not back down on missile defense systems, ensure that Russian and China have specific and valid 3/
assurances  about the U.S. goals and limits. Engage them with economic packages for the potentially affected areas in Manchuria 4/
and on the Tumen river. The military option is a bad one. But Kim Il Sung said essentially that hey pisses off America to make us pay 5/
That he*
Want to reduce dangers of nuke war w/ N. Korea?  Get our sabre-rattling man-baby of a President out of the White House.
Are you insecure in your masculinity?  Deal with ALL issues. If you are testing the waters for  Presidential run your home state will fight
No one cares what you think.  You are completely programmable with no conviction.
One Republican senator or all of North Korea.  Guess who's giving me heartburn right now?  #preexistingcondition
I don't agree with you on much, but have to agree with most of this. The China part goes a little far.

Now can you vote NO on Trumpcare?
Statement on health care? On letting disabled activists get arrested rather than listening to constituents? Statement on Russia? I care.
I want ur full statement on where u stand on  #GenocidalAmericanHealthcare .
Ur silence&disregard 4 non millionaire constituents = a yay
And you never really get anything done. You won't have in-person town halls and give 0 "full response" to your stance on health care.
GROW UP and FIND YOUR BRAIN. I think you dropped amongst Spicer's bushes...

Tired of statements and no straight answers to questions. It's clear that you won't do your job and meet with us, so please just resign. NOW
2020
Vote against a healthcare bill that kills people. It's easy to be against North Korea, please do your job on the hard parts; don't hurt us.
We're not calling you up about this. We're calling you about healthcare - where's your statement on healthcare?
Shame on you
Where isnyour condemnation of the GOP Healthcare bill? Where are you when Colorado voters want answers!
A photo from Cory's most recent town hall:
Oh, you want to talk about conscience.  Interesting 
"Time for words is over." #JrSen saber rattling for #agentOrange #gop to stoke military contracts.#cronyCapitalism #nKorea #china  #Happy4th
http://FuckCoryGardner.org   It's a real thing!!!!
What's your statement abt fraud department stealing USA voters rights ?
So again, how's the whole ducking your constituents working for U? What's it like not 2 B able 2 show your face in public in your own state?
Any statement on Wealthcare?
Focus, please. You were entrusted to improve America's health care system. Draft some sincere, informed, bipartisan legislation about that.
I don't believe it will happen, sad to say he sold his soul.
Also: this can't be saved. If you vote yes you are putting party before constituents, plain and simple
Good luck putting pressure on China over Twitter. Oh yeah, and HEALTHCARE. NO on #Trumpcare
Don't disagree but really. 45 put sanctions on one small china bank. Not a major step.
Thanks Cory. Please let the citizens of CO know when you're available to answer all our questions. We can't pay u like the lobbyists though
Are you typing statements between donor visits?? No on #trumpWealthCare AND DO NOT start another war! #PaidSenator
Alert CO: CG and GOP buddies are secretly working to eliminate Medicaid completely. It's in the works although they'll never admit it now.
Your full statement on why you have time to meet with Duterte but not your constituents:
Noone in Colorado gives a damn about your world view. Be a state senator. #liability
Dont forget china owns practically half our country so they dont have to do anything
Glad you're taking positions on issues. How about health care? What's your plan for our rural Colorado hospitals
Where is your full statement on health care?  Will you protect 400,000 Coloradans on Medicaid expansion now and in the future?
Thank you Sen Gardner. Now where is your full statement on healthcare reform?
Thanks for all these full statements lately...how about a full statement on your stance on #healthcare?
Jr Senator leave Foreign Policy to the big boys, do your job for the Constituents of Colorado like the Honorable @SenBennetCO
Do not let the president declare war - he thinks it's his way out of his mess but people will die unnecessarily
You suck. Stop ignoring us and talk to us about healthcare. The bill you wrote is a disaster.
Nobody cares, Corey. Do your job.
Trump's Tweets about North Korea are making matters worse.
Send the part-time mentally unstable occupant of the White House a statement 
We have an insane inattentive vicious man child for commander in chief - be wary
Well, bless your heart, of course you want stronger action. What better way to garner def. contractors $$ to you're war chest. Distraction?
2/ The perfect ploy of a failing party to obfuscate their lack of voter support. We have long memories & eagerly await 2020. CO will say bye
I call on you to protect coloradoans health care and not place tax cuts for a few over the many.
Quick FYI Cory, the "global community" thinks the US is a joke. They think Trump is a joke. As me, I think you are the joke. Gardner=Trump
And here's your answer to the question, "Will I meet with my constituents or protect Colorado Citizen's access to health care?"
CORY!!! Address your stance on healthcare in Colorado!!
Your full statement explaining why you lied about having had a meeting with @AtlantisADAPT:
Corey this statement proves you are more than a yes vote for Trumpshit now if you just use your office to protect the people n the country
Your full statement on how #BCRA exits millions from the health insurance pool, and yet you're still going to somehow lower premiums 
Only qualify for lower premiums after declared medical bankruptcy & drained family dry of assets. Then go to ER & wait
my full statement on your full statement: REAL TOWN HALL!
Warmongering shameful distraction. Health affects EVERY American. Where RU bout health & wellbeing of US? & Impeach 45?
You want everyone to do what you want but you will not even talk to your people who voted you in? You are a Trump puppy dog
You're a joke to commend the Trump administration! They've put Americans at risk since day 1, act ridiculous and divided a powerful nation.
That's nice.  What about our healthcare?
You commend the T administration? Don't you mean condemn? The reckless behavior of this admin is threatening our safety.
How about a statement on the #ADAPTandRESIST protestors arrested at your #Denver office after your staff called police last week? #Shame
Thanks tough guy.   Am more interested in what you believe on healthcare.  Would like you to meet constituents.  Tired of statements.
Your full statement on how you plan to protect #ADAPTandResist Coloradans from your senate bill
Your full statement on why it's important to meet with constituents:
