You don’t get to support this hate taking the seat of American power, and then honestly condemn it, @SenCoryGardner. #copolitics #hypocrite
The hate being spewed in Virginia has no place in this country. It's deeply disturbing and un-American.
um, what are you talking about. Nobody likes what's happening in VA. #copolitics
Your (our) President won’t lead against this. Will you, @COpeakpolitics @SenCoryGardner? #copolitics https://twitter.com/COpeakpolitics/status/896418715864096770 …
Did you miss Trumps statement condemning? Did you miss Gardner's statement condemning? #copolitics
@SenCoryGardner was too busy condemning Trump, not the violence from BOTH SIDES

You #RINO think #Antifa is okay compared to Trump?
And yet....POTUS says nothing to his most dedicated supporters. #AmeriKKKa
He knows these deplorables are his last bastion of support & that he just can't afford to alienate them.
After all, Mueller & Co are coming.
They're the new @GOP party of hate. They've been spewing this rhetoric for 8 straight years. @GOP relishes it. The GOP won everyone!
"Won everyone"? I beg to differ. ;-)
It’s ok in the White House, though, right, @SenCoryGardner? #stephenMiller #copolitics
The hate being spewed in Virginia has no place in this country. It's deeply disturbing and un-American.
You do know one is about violence right?
Not sure what your point is here.  Maybe I’m thick, but fundamental fallacy of racism is that one matters more than another, not violence.
As always the left will not condemn BLM or Antifa for spitting & throwing the first punch, and never talk against the Clinton Cartel or BHO
As always, callow, insecure fuckwits who can only deflect, instead of dealing with issues.
Who is deflecting, Im pointing out your hypocrisy Fuckwad.
What is unamerican is lying about who started this riot, The protesters have every right to freedom of speech peaceful Protest, BLM attacked
Your hate of trump agenda cause u r RINO
Spot on!
Love for white people. No hate for any other race. Messaging abduction will backfire.
Words like these always sound good on paper & in a crisis. Unfortunately ppl forget: it *is* American. It's how country was founded: on hate

You sure do like to pick and choose .@SenCoryGardner
You live in a tadpole bubble. Open your eyes. America was founded on Judeo Christian principles. Thank Obama for civil unrest. Saul Alinsky.
What do think about the Confederate monuments are any in Colorado some western states have them due to that war many left south moved west
Do you see Gardner or any other @GOP member demanding the white nationalists in our White House be removed? F*cking outrageous
Finally but to little late! Can't vote for you ever!
He's YOUR PRESIDENT, YOU ARE COMPLICIT! Otherwise, you would vote to IMPEACH HIM! #MAGA #hesnotmypresident #impeachTrump #HesMyPresident
As was your vote to take health care away from millions, Sir.
Thank you for standing up to President Trump, but there's more to do....
Trump campaigned on building a wall. He won't divulge taxes. 
If you want to help then HELP. Support Mueller. Fire Bannon. 
HELP.
But you still support Trump. Your meaningless words of unity matter not. Action speaks louder than words. Impeach POTUS, law matters!
Your last name is racist Frank, what are u doing about that?
Lol
Support the movement for Trump to remove white nationalist from the White House.
Starting with Bannon and ending with himself.
How about we get to the roots of the problems and stop with the bandaids
well our president apparently does not see it that way. Nazi hate seems to have two sides and some gray areas. So.
And you only see what you are told to see, BLM can attack anybody  thats just fine right, but white folks protest peaceful and thats racist
yes when they r nazis absolutely.
Trump is un-American.
It's th new America, protectors of free speech  vs the violent fascist Left
Stand up for America, please, and not your party. Answer the question: Why won't @realDonaldTrump condemn white supremacy?
25th Amendment! USE IT!
Does Pigs in a Blanket Fry Em like Bacon have a place?
What is disturbing is the hate being spewed by Anti-Trump Republicans like you.
If you allow Antifa to exist, you have no basis for complaining about anything.
You reap what you sow.  The @GOP stood silent during Trump's campaign, when he incited white nationalist violence, and you REMAIN silent.
Hate from both sides
No, not "all of Congress". Spare us the false equivalencies in the misguided service of "balance".
This is a Republicult deal, period.
Congress has been divisive for YEARS....both sides. Period.
Please be sure to clarify the fact that the "hate being spewed" is by BOTH SIDES...Neo-Nazis, WSup, Antifa, BLM, among others! #MAGA 
When r u going to call for trumps resignation? He is morally, ethically bankrupt. Its time! Start with Bannon. HE HAS TO GO!
Take a careful look at POTUS's reaction and know that whatever you do, the months ahead of you will be your legacy. Make America Good Again.
You never said a word about hate spewed by racist Black Supremacists who burned businesses, looted all in sight, & screamed for dead cops!
You sir , are living in either a fantasy or extremely ignorant about who now runs this nation .
you sir have your facts twisted, open mouth insert foot.Trump employed many races, do you. I find calling the kettle black total Hypocrisy
WHITE SUPREMACY - say it.
Black Power, Viva La Raza..SAY IT miss not sunshine, the nerve you shit bags have blaming a peaceful protest that was attacked by nut jobs.
I assume the justice dept. will send the national guard to the next white supremacist rally so anti-protesters won't have too uphold USA v?
A tweet is not enough. Congress needs to #ImpeachTrump Actions speak louder than words. It's time.
Impeach on what grounds... Obviously you don't understand the impeachment process.
*proceeds to vote for the agenda of a nazi*
You have absolutely not 1 shred of real evidence Trump is a Nazi. This the rhetoric that creates these problems in America. Foolish talk.
Gee senator where have u been, this is the new republicans and America.
You need to clarify the "hate" that you are referring to @SenCoryGardner. You need to specify the white nationalist terrorist nazi hate!!
thank you for standing up to evil. Please urge more of your Republican colleagues to do so.
Impeach. The only way out of their support
You are aware BLM, ANTIFA were bused in when notified that demonstration was going to happen..you left them out in your tweets.
Oh please.  It's the most American behavior ever.  If you don't like how your constituents act in your name, keep them in their pens.
we all knew it was coming; you owed it to our country to defy this evil administration sooner
On this we agree.  I however didn't vote for the #WhiteSupremacist in the Oval. Can you say the same, @SenCoryGardner ?
I can absolutely say I didn't vote for him. Both DEMS & GOP are responsible for disgrace that is Trump though. @SenCoryGardner

I guess then you think the American Civil War was un-American too.
Please push for the removal of white supremacist Steve Bannon and Sebastian Gorka from the White House.
An unfortunate time in our Nation's history.  The  GOP is a thing of the past.  This is the party of #45 now.  And you own it.  All of it.
Keep saying this.
I was 100% behind u but now u look like you're bowing to MSM! U had a chance today to correct MSM. All Yapper wanted was u to beat up POTUS
The hate being spewed in rhis country comes from the top. Have you even read Trump's tweets?
Thanks, Cory.  Americans had hoped to hear something like this from Trump.
Agree. Tell us what steps you're taking to root this un-American hate out of this White House, which explicitly enables and promotes it?
Terrorist have no rights treat them as such
So says you? A 100% supporter of Bigotcracy. You are the hater. You are a disturbing un-American.
Yeah, so...whadda ya gonna do about it? Nothing? I thought so.
Violence is as American as Cherry Pie. This country was founded by brutality of People of Color. What are you doing to dismantle racism?
What is disturbing is congress who takes way too many breaks & can't get important bills passed. Also ones who criticize our president!
What is really disturbing is backstabbing GOP who doesn't work with POTUS to help pass his promises to American people!
Your party produced this
Dem socialists and Commie s threw the first punch, they are violent and intolerant, and you cant see past the nose on your face.
Tax payer dollars pay the salaries of white nationalist working in the White House (Bannon & Gorka) demand that they be fired immediately.
The only flag being waived in Charlottesville that scares me is the Confederate flag
The Battle flag is a part of American History, but you dont get that, you cant wipe facts from the pages of history,  learn not to repeat it
http://www.mintpressnews.com/lawmakers-support-stop-arming-terrorists-act/229197/ …  Hypocrisy is not funny, what are we doing about this?
Terrorist groups like BLM and the democratic party, just like what they did at Berkley and Trump rallies, Lets call it out right here & Now
Then maybe stop supporting this racist administration & racist voter suppression laws. You help create room for this.
BLM, Racist, Antifa, Racist, Hillary and Robert Bird, Racist. Democrat Party founded KKK, Racist... get the facts straight here people.
Yeah, but there's that pesky 1st amendment again!
I'm STILL not voting for you come election day. You're pandering and insincere.
Do you see any correlation between this event and your voting record? We do.
But it is HERE and they aren't covering their faces any longer. 
Your party emboldens this hatred. @GOP owns this.
BLM attacked peaceful protesters and the GOP owns what happened out there,,, YOU are blinded by media lies and propaganda. SOOO Sad.
Then why did you vote for Trump who enabled & still enables this hate ? #Charolettesville
Get your facts straight ... the BLM was enforcing the law!
Totally agree. When will the MSM condemn Antifa?
Yet you continue to kowtow to @POTUS as he refuses to condemn the actions of white supremacists, flatters Putin & people like Duerte. Coward
Agreed
Pay attention to where it came from. We warned you and were ignored. You aligned yourself with this for a year. You've got work to do
This nonsense came from the violent left who attacked a lawful and peaceful protest, I see who attacked who first who started the riot.
Hate has been spewing from the @GOP and @POTUS for months and years. Take a deep look at your party. These are your base.
How about condem ANTIFA?
It is a great flaw in American ideology that hate is on par with love. Free Speech shouldn't cost us our common sense. Hate is not a value.
It has been fostered by the republicans since the Obama Presidency, with their dog whistle racism go the last 8 yrs. now you're part of it.
What a load of crap... Obama fostered hate and racism as much as anybody else in this country. The left has been nothing but Violent.
Dems are far more intolerant and closet racists. get the facts straight. BLM and the socialists attacked protesters as if they had a right 2
Iam and Im telling you as well.

Then take action against the WH folks inciting this behavior
Take action against those who attacked the protesters... put the blame on the real culprits, Trump had no part in the lefts actions.
DENOUNCE Black Lives Matters and the Occupy crowd. Chicken.
The Hateful rhetoric must stop EVERYWHERE, from EVERYONE. We can only control ourselves, let the hate stop with everyone of us.
But very Democrats 
It is the Republican Party that was on display. No libtards, tree huggers or snowflakes carried brass knuckles, assault rifles or batons.
http://www.factcheck.org/2016/03/trumps-david-duke-amnesia/ …   He does not belong in the White House.
What would Obama say if Black Panthers supported him, NOTHING, just what he said when they stood at polls intimidating Voters.
Agreed, but when will the GOP stand up against hateful presidential language which has been encouraging this kind of behavior?
You still voted for @realDonaldTrump & continue to support him. You & all @GOP need to denounce him & #ImpeachTrumpNow 
#Charlottesville
Funny how you cant remember the Obama error... He couldn't even say Radical Islamic Terrorism, but could pay Iran Billions to develop nukes.
You mean from the likes of yourself and Jake Tapper? Stoking racial tension by falsely accusing the President of racism?
All the hate being spewed in America has no place in our society. Why is it so hard for so many to say & comprehend the concept of all hate?
Thank you for finally showing moral integrity.    Trump is a disgrace and leading our country to ruin. Time to impeach!
Why my profile pic is with you 
Didn't we see that in Dallas Baltimore Ferguson Chicago where were you?? playing a mime
I see two sides spewing hate and violence. How does kill cops have right to march and my race is better doesnt?
well, those people say it is a value #MAGA?? write a bill to remove all Confederate symbols from govt property. they are treasonous symbols
No, sir. This is America and @realDonaldTrump appeals to it directly. Time for our own Truth and Reconciliation, time to own our ugly.
Just throwing that thought out there
Will the 'alleged' white supremacist attachment to the Trump name make ppl think twice before buying, staying or using same 
Yeap, and you've all been at it for decades; Republican and Democrats, two wings of the same corrupt party
For once, I agree with you.
Violence is not only n VA. Everyday I read of gay bashing, people killed in Churches & fights. Then people hurting others because of racism
Do you really think just condemning violence on Twitter is enough? Are you going to be at the peaceful protests tomorrow? #dosomething
Now call your president out. Coward
I disagree with you on almost every issue but right now I am so proud you are my Senator.
So condemn Trump already. Please.
So is the bulk of Republican ideology you insist on spouting at your constituents.
Blah Blah Blah
well you guys let Trump get elected...sorry         when will you also say  country OVER party ?
Glad to see to are condemning all groups like President Trump did.  Thank you President Trump
@POTUS courted these people throughout the campaign and none of you said a word because you would do anything to give rich ppl tax breaks
Thank you from 80516 for stating this clearly. Please continue to defend our constitution and values against the monster in the WH.
Actually it is only un-American in its aspirational sense. But racial violence — whether armed or institutional — is deeply American.
@potus @realDonaldTrump Cory, wait until it comes to Colorado, people are getting sick of your boy donny, your coming up for reelection#FDJT
Do something about it. #ImpeachNow
What are you personally going to do about it? I would bet on nothing at all but talk, talk, talk....
Thank you for taking this position!
Yes! But what about Gen Robert E. Lee's statue. He's as much of a Virginian as George Washington & Thomas Jefferson were.
did you see the movie X-men? where mutants thought the govt wanted to get rid of them? that's not #you. that's fiction. youre not a mutant.
no. whats deliberate is the flooding of thirdworld with isis. WHICH MAKES THE NATIVES FLEE TO EUROPE.  Dont blame immigrants
no. whats dishonest is whites who knew this for centuries but chose to vilify/ genocide others peoples of the world instead. poor planning.
Tell Trump to fire his alt-right staff IMMEDIATELY - Gorka, Bannon, Miller to name a few. Do something useful Gardner.
It's disturbing, it's also deeply American. This country was taken by violence built on violence and the status quo maintained violently
I'm glad you are growing a set. Bout time
THEN STOP THESE DOMESTIC TERRORISTS 
"The only good Fascist is a Dead One & we continually advocate violence"
You don't know much about American history, then.
I agree. When do you call out BLM?
Apparently domestic terrorism has two sets of rules for application also--USA loves to to that
Have them arrested! For domestic terrorism-it's what it is. Why never talk @ responsibility of "both sides" in regards 2 Islamic terror?
It's American, as we were founded in a sea of hate, but definitely disturbing nonetheless.
Thank you sir.
And sadly straight from your presidents mouth. He is a disgusting individual who needs to seek medical help.
Thank you. Now, what will you do about it?
Un-American? The country thrives on hate.
Thank you for standing up for 'we the people'. And for urging Trump to call it domestic terrorism which it is.
Yes it is. This is not patriotism. Hate is not patriotism and white supremacy is not patriotism. Thank you Senator for calling this out!
Really? Because Trump has been encouraging this behavior for over a year! Yet you remained silent!
left out "white supremacist". if not by design then it's because your insensitive. there is no "both sides" here, Senator. Try again.
All patriotic Americans must stand together against HATE & oppression. We must hold #Trump responsible for the dangerous things he supports.
Sadly it's not un-America trump is president and he wanted this
Can you tell President to say just that and not dodge the question on white supremacist. They are domestic terrorists! Say the words
Stand up 2 #GOP demand that they #ImpeachTrumpNow and that the alt right be removed from #WhiteHouse  #BannonMillerGorkaMustGo I am CO voter
I agree.  Please make sure @realDonaldTrump knows how you, and the rest of us, feel.  Thank you.
This is what happens when people are allowed to call for the murder of anyone, I wondered how long it would take for BLM et al to reap
Agree except the last word. America is not exceptional in this. Every country has always had vile racist elements willing to use violence
Obamas Gospel of racial divide is bringing out the worst from extremist on both sides but...Black Criminality is WILDLY OUT OF PROPORTION
Your words mean nothing. This is your party causing this. Do something about it. #hypocrite
Talk is cheap. You vote with Trump, you support Trump. Until you and your other GOP friends start impeachment process, you support Trump.
And Trump and his administration are responsible!  What are YOU going to do??!?!!
This tweet is essentially 'thoughts and prayers' - what will you do about it?
What about the hate for Trump...that is OK huh.
Not hate, white supremacy, say it
The hate on twitter is also very alarming!
Mr Gardner. Why don't you come out and make same statements when these "THUG"college punks rape and burn our cities?  WHY ???
Yet you all still allow it from @realDonaldTrump and his twitter feed
That's your party dude. What are you going to do about it? Looks like nothing so thanks for nothing.
And what steps are you willing to take to stop it?  Because something has to be done.  And your party has to start the process!
exactly, it's coming from the anti-american socialists and Marxists who taunt & cause chaos, what do expect will happen, they picked target
This behavior has been encouraged by the current administration. You know it. It's time for him to go.
Gardner can you explain why you vote with Trump 100% of the time supporting all the hate & racism that this regime promotes?
#ImpeachTrumpNow
you spew white supremacist masculine hate all the time! Dont use this shit to feed your hypocrisy!
Great. Now acknowledge your complicity and do something about it.
I respect you for these comments. Please find out why our President can't and won't concur.
Frankly, those are empty words, Sen. Let's see some action from you denouncing the racist garbage in the WH.
This is Trumps America! He has condoned this hate group by not condemning them. A huge part of his base that got him appointed!
I agree but in America it is there right, watch your step. On a slippery slope.
Thank you for not mincing words, Sen. Gardner. I wish the same could be said of our president
Will you resolve to ensure Steve Bannon, Sebastian Gorka, and other white supremacists are removed from their WH posts?
@realdonaldtrump could shine as a leader. He refuses. "Dr." Gorka,S. Miller,Bannon has his ear. So sad!

@realdonaldtrump did not immediately denounce David Duke while on the campaign trail. "When people show you who they are, believe the"
Pls tell this to the President, his pathetic, pandering, white supremacist dog whistle of a stmnt is an abomination & disgraces all of us.
White supremacists do not speak for me. Were it within my power, they wouldn't speak at all.
Do u mean the hatred spewing from the white supremacists kkk & nazis?
Oh, its quite American. Its just been locked up until Pandora Trump opened the box.
But it shouldn't be.
Then do something about it. Pass funding for anti-nazi terrorism and statement saying white supremacy has no place in America. Talk is cheap
