why bother? You hold meetings at inconvenient times and you do t respond to emails.
yes he does: will consider your thoughts on [insert issue here] as i vote however I was going to vote.
you voted to confirm Jeff Sessions. Are you calling for him to resign?
can you have an in person town hall please?  ASAP.
wished we had a face to face but I was on the call. I was very displeased with the in ability to ask follow up questions
- and we ALL heard you totally ignore the question if you support a full Trump-Russia investigation!
Please urge Jeff Sessions to resign.
Nice of you to reschedule on no notice.  Cut down on the honest people?  #wearenotimpressed
changing the time at the last minute was a coward move. Hold a real town hall. Constituents over party! #resist
Didn't really appreciate the 25 minute notice of the time change of this meeting.  #fail
Senator,  not a TOWN HALL That was a conference call.

When will you hold a real town hall with real dialogue?

#Copolitics
tried to join. Even if I had received the call back to join it still wdn't have been the same as u valuing us in person :-(
"elections have consequences" you said. For sure. 2020 isn't far off...
and consequence if winning is having to represent ALL constituents, not just ones who agree with you. #doyourjob
way to move it up a half hour so you don't have to face your constituents. Coward. Enjoy this term, it will be your last.
What's the ETA on responding to emails? I have 3 that I sent in JANUARY that haven't gotten responses.
that's ok..I've yet to hear back from Perlumutter or Bennet.  b
but you never see emails facebook or Twitter... We want a town hall meeting
C'mon dont treat us like we're idiots. U chose not 2 have a town hall. Be brave enough to stand by that. @IndivisibleNDen
what are you going to do about AG Sessions lying under oath at his congressional hearing?
you talked a lot about coming together today. Please stop supporting a @POTUS who tries to conquer by dividing us!
Nope. No generic email responses welcome. I will continue to call your offices because you refuse to show up.
thanks for changing the time of the teletown hall at the last moment. Very sneaky. That was NOT A TOWN HALL
Every time I email you I get a canned response.  What's the point?  I do not feel heard at all.
Me, too! Some of them aren't even related to my emails.
q re: *INDEPENDENT* investigation into @realDonaldTrump ties to #Russia asked 3 times. Do u supt forcing Sessions 2 recuse?
Telephone town halls are a little cowardly, don't you think? When will we have a real town hall?

woefully inadequate and cowardly. 2020
“Science” is missing from the list of subjects on your email contact form, despite its vital importance in our state.
Nice to have another venue for the majority of Coloradoans to be ignored completely.  #wearenotimpressed
Meet us in person next time.  You have a duty to your constituents.
please. Just resign. The people of Colorado hate you so much. You have no support from Rs or Ds. Just leave.
why bother? You don't answer my calls, you rescheduled your fake town hall, and only send auto replies. Listen to us!
You refuse to hold an actual town hall and listen to your constituents. You will not be re elected. We will remember.
One more way to ignore what your constituents want?
you have to wake each morning knowing the gallows call your number. Sad! Stop being a crony.
Please plan an in-person town hall outside of working hours so the people you represent can join...why is this so difficult
Missed the town hall due to your last minute time change. It's sad I have to take vacation to virtually meet with you...
When will you schedule a LIVE town hall? What are you afraid of?
Town Hall was you reading your talking points not listening to constituents. Didn't get to tell my family's story re: ACA. 
please have some future town halls that are in the evenings or on weekends. I couldn't join because I was at work.
Next Town Hall Mtg/THM - how about U & Senator Bennett meet us in person.  Next time - Bi-Partisan THM 
I believe today's phone townhall was useful but time was too limited.  Good questions asked & answered - Nd in person THM
You didn't campaign on 'your' beliefs- you said you would 'represent' CO, so you lied!!!
YES, you told us 4 times during your moved-up less than 1 hour con call!! We know, we can Google your name to find you!!!!!!
will you even read them or is that for interns? #werecomingforyourjob
where is your support? I don't see a single positive response to your tweets. Is this why you're afraid of a #townhall ?
I got your recorded call about the time change in the town hall 10 minutes after it had already started. Shame on you. 80516
It is not a real town hall when all of the questions are edited ny your staff.
That does not qualify as a #GardnerTownHall. Give us some credit Cory, we are smarter than that. #findingcory
WHAT GARDNER TOWN HALL?????
I gave the tele town hall a chance & all it did was show me how much we need an in person town hall. Cory phoned it in.
So in case we missed it, where is the link to the audio? We would like to hear your views and answers to our questions!
Was not a Townhall. You ducked the town halls, you changed the time of the teleconference an hour before it started, awful.
thank you for holding the call. my question was not included but re:regulation=safety of air, water, gun violence & our kids
I hope the next one is longer. Had just submitted my ? to staffer when the call ended. #copolitics
And thank you for holding this and hope to see you at an in-person town hall too.
changing the start time 10 minutes before it was to be held? Thanks for making it impossible to try to talk to you.
rearranged my work schedule for your Town Hall. Last minute time change = missed 1/2 call. Unprofessional & irresponsible.
Will you post the recorded telephone #GardnerTownHall on your web site?
a phone call from your lofty tower is NOT a Town Hall. #GardnerTownHall is #fakenews MEET with your constituents 80206
agreed Laura! 100%
Have contacted U repeatedly, rec'd stick emails in return. Useless. Left voicemails, all offices, but you can't b recalled
How about not dodging the ? that were asked? How about longer than 40 min? #dobetter #youoweusthat #townhall #whereiscory
Please protect the Recreational Marijuana industry your constituents voted for.  Tens of thousands of job/families at risk.
You made it very clear today that you will vote for YOUR beliefs instead of your constituents #bye2020
@PPact is the MOST trusted health providers women visit. To reduce abortion, you INCREASE access to bc, not make it harder.
Cowardly to choose teletown hall vs. a face-to-face meeting, offer during the work day, & then change the time last minute!
A tele town hall doesn't allow for that. I already know you are pro-life, but defunding PP doesn't reduce abortion.
I could do my job and your job together better than you're doing one job
A few answers actually addressed the question asked, but more were totally dodged, e.g Planned Parenthood & SCOTUS
We see right through you!!!!!
we, your constituents aka your bosses, would love to see you in person!  These Tele-Town Hall meetings aren't the same
why? So you can send a form letter three and a half weeks later like you've done to me twice now? This is bullshit.
thanks for changing the time and calling your constituents after it had begun. Disgraceful. 80113
.@SenCoryGardner You spoke a lot about what you HAVE done -- we want to know what you WILL do to stand up for Coloradans? #GardnerTTH
it wasn't a town hall! We won't quit pressing for fair representation!
are you going to stand up to COs environment- the one you claim to love so much? #rejectfracking #keepourwaterclean
Also, I'd like to know what good emailing you does. I'll continue to send #PostcardActivism until assurance emails r read.
in person only please, it's awful that you won't speak to us here in Colorado... No more phone.
40 minutes with limited notice on time change?  If someone did that to you I'd hope you'd call him on his BS.
...answering questions and letting your constituents decide when they're answered?
How about doing an actual town hall? Phone calls don't count. Also calling people on time, not moving the time, actually...
Thank you for your stand on Putin. Trump needs to back away from them. They are serious threat to us, NATO, Middle East
Next time meet with us in person at a time when working people can attend. Also answer the questions instead of dodging.
How about an in-person live town hall? Or responses when your constituents request one? Not paid. 80525.
your cowardly move of changing the time only an hour before is unappreciated and caused me to miss it entirely. Do better.
40 minutes.  Not enough!  When's the next one?
