good for U on Russian sanctions. But you must support vigorous pursuit of Russian interference In our election. #copolitics
Good to hear! Now say no to DeVos and Sessions and Price.
Thank you. As your constituent80026, I am very concerned about the relationship between Trump and Putin.
Thank you!!!!
Only money doled out is for Senior Cowardly Garbage special interest AstroTurf arguing mouthpiece. #draintheswamp
do it, put Russia in its place, then block DeVos!
Thanks! And now #noDevos on Mon vote.  80207, not paid protester.
stay strong and keep your integrity in the face of staunch opposition. Russia must be held accountable.
from 80027 - protect our kids! Vote no on DeVos!
THANK YOU! Investigate election influence. If Trump operatives were connected to Russia we are obliged to take action.
I am an unpaid constituent! 80112. No on DeVos!
You should probably find a few more bipartisan groups to join.
Great. Stop spreading lie that "paid protesters" are eclipsing your constituents. You're MY senator and I expect NO on Devos
- How about leading the sanctions on Iran? Are you going to do that?
This constituent thanks you!! We are very concerned about Russian aggression and cyber attacks.
DID you vote to confirm DeVoss? we told you NO!!!
actions speak louder than words. how do we know this isn't an alternative fact on your part..
Whew. Trump @POTUS is too close with Putin and it endangers our country
Thank you now support investigation into Russian hacking of election! I am not paid 80751
Good start. Now demand declassification of election hack intel and full disclosure of Trump's fin entanglements in Russia.
good, now #DumpDevos  and please vote No on DeVos
thank you for leading the way on investigating Russia. Now about those calls...
No to Betsy Devos I'm tweeting to express my deep opposition to the confirmation of Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education
I'm a Coloradan Senator. And I vote. #RejectPruitt #RejectDeVos Don't Repeal until you Replace. #copolitics #cosenate
Great.  Please also vote no on DeVos and please save the Clear Streams Act!
@POTUS Better watch that @POTUS He thinks Putin's a great guy & is going to suspend sanctions when you're on the golf course
YES!
Thank you Senator for doing what you can to work for Ukraine, to hold Russia accountable for actions against our interests
finally a reasonable response from you
that's good. Now vote against Devos
thank you
@IndivCOInd Thank you from http://80016.Now , do another right thing; vote NO ON DEVOS!
good job. Keep up the good work.
thank you.  -Louisville constituent
good for you. But vote no on Betsy DeVos.  #nobetsydevos
thank you!dont back down from looking at connections btwn Trump Team & RUS (Fruita 81521)
Thank you.
How about investigating Trump and Putin? If you don't you're a traitor, too
@FBI you guys, too
In general, DeVos has no public school experience, lacks info on eval of students, & one word--grizzlies!! Please no DeVos!
nice. Now oppose devos like a decent fucking human being
thank you.
Good!! Thank you!
First, please vote against DeVos as if your career depends on it.
good job! More of this please.
Thank you! Now please, no on DeVos and Sessions. 80226
thank you!  No on De Vos PLEASE 80111
good.
thank you
How about you join the bipartisan effort to REJECT BETSY DEVOS.
I echo the above statements. Pls vote NO to DeVos. Constituent80007
80011we failed Russia when they were in their infancy/now we live with the consequen.&contain their oligarch govt. style.
thank you! Now please vote no on Devos!
Good! No on Sessions & DeVos. And the Muslim ban is a disgrace!
try make amends VOTERS  NO PAID PROTESTERS just informed AMERICANS 1st AMENDMENT exercised PINK POWER
https://twitter.com/rawstory/status/827190495210266628 … Please look into this. Something stinks.
Foreign policy insider: ‘No readout of Trump-Putin call because White House turned off recording’ http://ow.ly/1UIv308Cbw0  
thank you for that. That's just step 1 of many steps. Next, do the right thing and vote NAY on DeVos
if this is how you feel why did you vote to confirm Tillerson?
big talk, no action you hollow GOP shill. from a non-paid actual constituent (80247)
Why did US decide to lift important cyber security sanctions today?
I agree with you on this. But please do not confirm DeVos!
Q: You know how you can tell the Russian agents in US Senate?
A: They got R by their name Ex. Corey Gardner (R) Colorado
finally something I agree with you about.  Stop T.
I'm not a paid protestor.  #vote #colorado
thank you for acknowledging the growing threats we face from Russia. Please protect our schools too: vote no on DeVos!
but shame on you for dumping coal waste into streams
.  Please vote No on DeVos,she has no expertise in this field; and our children deserve better
thanks for standing up to Russia. Now stand up to Trump. Don't let them drill for gas in national parks.
no on De Vos, no on Pruitt, no on Sessions. Zip 80603. Not paid
...today you voted to allow dumping mine waste into streams...why?
This is a step in the right direction but didn't you just vote to confirm Tillerson? Sounds like you can't connect dots.
this is a very good start.  Now no on DeVos!
great!  Now investigate the conflicts of interest related to Trump, his cabinet, and Russian ties. #accountability
if only there was someone who could have voted against confirming Putin's pet Tillerson Sec/State. Oh wait, that was you...
Thank you Senator for your courage to take a stand.
please reject devos on behalf of Colorado's children!
A decent start Senator. Voting against DeVos and Sessions a must.
I've given you a lot of sass in the past, and will again in the future but with all sincerity, thank you and well done.
thank you for standing up against foreign interference in our democratic process
Thanks for stepping up. This action is way overdue.
Thank you. I am a constituent in 80817. Please have a town hall in Colorado Springs soon.
Did you talk to @POTUS and Sec. Tillerson about this?  Why on earth would you do this now?
pls say no to DeVos, she's terrible. I'm a native 80238.
Help @SenCoryGardner investigating #Russia. Why did the Treasury dept exempt Crimea/Ukraine from #FSS sanctions change? Putin's orders?
thank you @SenCoryGardner - appreciate your courageous stand on this
80504 here. Please investigate the links. Lifting the sanctions on a country with human rights violations is suspicious.
Thank you Senator. Please continue to protect our country's interests by voting NO on DeVos, NO on Sessions, & #NoBanNoWall
.@SenCoryGardner Thank you! Thank you for putting country before party. I'll be following this. Vote NO: DeVos, Pruitt, & Sessions. 80234
Thank you, Senator!
vote no to DeVos! Kids depending on you!
would be happier if you cross party lines and vote no on #devos. Russian sanctions already exist.
also unpaid protester from Colorado
.@SenCoryGardner Thank you for standing up for this critical issue. Russia is a serious threat that needs the Senate’s attention.
Gardner is covering his butt for Colorado people who voted for him. He has no intentions going againts trump
Although "countering Russian aggression" seems counter to your Tillerson vote. I thank you for taking this stand nonetheless
Thank you @SenCoryGardner. We may not agree on everything but this bipartisan effort is crucial.
Excellent!
looks like a good bill, glad you've taken action to protect our interests from Russian involvement!
p.s. #NOTpaidforthis
thank you for your bipartisan efforts!
Thank you! Now: no on DeVos, protect our public lands, and uphold the constitution. You must be the check/balance! 80305
good. now publicly and legislatively oppose bannon's appoint to the nsc.
Thank you! This is a start, but we need our leaders to stand up against Trump's recklessness!
he does have a backbone yay!
THANK YOU!
Thank you for having some balls on this one.
a good start.
Thank you I support this.  80027
unpaid! Vote NO Devos
Fantastic! But where do you stand on probe into collusion between our President &/or his staff's ties to Russia? Troubling!
Thanks, praying you do put #countrybeforeparty on this, given your Tillerson vote not optimistic you will. #IMNOTPAID
.@SenCoryGardner Sanctions and hopefully investigations in Russian hacking of our election. Trump doesn't know the gravity/ just $$ gain.
Much needed! Thank you for caring - your constituent in Loveland, CO!
I'm very pleased to hear this, as a constituent from 80023. Please also vote NO for DeVos!!
disappointing ! District4 that you came from mostly pro-republican and conservative... you betrayed your voters !!!
now keep it going.  NO on DeVos! Stand up for what is right.  Drain the swamp!
fyi I am an UNPAID constituent.  Zip code 80301
thank you! Stand up to tyranny!
.@SenCoryGardner very good. So can we assume you have not been bought and blackmailed by #putin, unlike @realDonaldTrump ?
Steve BANNON is running the whole house. Stand up
Thank you Senator Gardner for standing up for sanctions on Russia!
It's a start Sen. Gardner. What about a #noDevos. Work for us Cory not your high dollar donors.
Oppose Betsy DeVos. Don't let campaign contributions influence your vote. Colorado constituents will remember in 2018.
Only worthwhile sanction against Russia would be to impeach their puppet before it's too late.
maintaining sanctions is a positive step
please vote NO
finally a spine. No repeal ACA
Thank you. Will there now be an investigation into Trump's dealings with Russia?
what about Besty DeVos?? #educationmatters #studentdebtcrisis
Good. Will be interesting to see who else gets on board with this. And: NO on DeVos, please! 80305
Nice!  But you need Trump's Taxes and investigation into his campaign to really understand the scope of election tampering!
Oh - And show us you're really your with your constituents with *NO* votes on DeVos & Pruitt!
Thank you for your continued scrutiny of Russia! 
The bill you've attached mentions nothing about actually investigating what Russia has done so far.  80111
It would be nice if you would do something about George Soros as well.
Thank you for this.  I'm a constituent, 80108.   Now how about setting up some Town Halls when you're in recess?
. Thank you so much for protecting the American people.
This is a good move but it is not enough to thwart the damage that Trump is doing to our nation.
good for you, Cory. I am glad you place U.S. above party politics. Your old Yuma public school teachers taught you well. 
thank you.  please keep tract of how many of us are asking you to VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!!  (80305).
WOW Cory Gardner playing tough guy why weren't you tough guy when it came to stealing our primary to slam Ted Cruz in CO SAD
happy to hear this (constituent in 80238, not paid just because i don't always agree with you).  and also, NO ON DEVOS.
Thank you!
fantastic. No on DeVos, please!
Good.
Thank you for standing up to Putin. Now vote NO on DeVos! She is not right for your constituents in Colorado. 80016. UNPAID
Thank you 4 not rubber stamping everything ordered. Independent minds & cool heads are needed in Congress now more than ever
Since the cold war Russia has always been aggressive yet America stands US invaded with absolute terror within work on that!
Thank you, Senator. Please don't allow the president to undermine your work on sanctions. It's too important.
That's a step in the right direction; now vote AGAINST DeVos
.@SenCoryGardner Happy to hear this, thank you!
Thank you, constituent/voter 80424. Please oppose and vote NO #NoDevos #NoSessions #NoPruitt or we will vote no 4 u in 2018!
: unpaid constituent, NO on DeVos
Also NO on Devos - from CO constituent. She's terrible for Colorado public schools.
Great -- why the Treasury lift for FSB today? Trump is moving fast to pay back his debts. Thx for getting after this asap.
I'm still educating myself on Russian sanctions. Your statement helps. I do know, 81064, NO DeVos!
Good, go for it.  And No on Devos

I am not PAID I am a COLORADO NATIVE.
Same here. ZIP 80015. Unpaid. NO on Devos.
every once in a great while, you do Colorado proud. Good job Senator! Now if we can just discuss this DeVos confirmation...

Excellent. Title III should apply to the U.S. as well, lest we not be taken seriously.
thank you! I hope more of you will start standing up to Trump in general. Be the hero!
Is this an implicit admission on your part that you (et. al.) believe Trump is compromised by Putin?
Thank you from a constituent 80118.  Please continue to think critically and independently from Trump and vote NO to DeVos!
thank you for your support on Russian sanctions! Vote no in DeVos now - Colorado kids deserve better!
it's time for all Republicans to denounce the President's policies and actions.
thanks!  Please vote NO on DeVos.
no on DeVos, yes I'm in your state. If you recognize that Russia is an issue, then you know Trump is. Man up
Thank you! Now please vote no on DeVos!
thank you from 80516. Please #VoteNoOnBetsyDeVos
I support you in this, thank-you for taking a stand. I don’t often give you credit, you deserve it now.
Thank you, the relationship that our president has with Putin is a dangerous one.
Ty for standing up, for being bold.  Do more. Pls defend our constitution Fulfill your oath, please #ImpeachTrump #resist
A strongly worded letter to Russia like the  #GOP sent to Iran might help. Appears Putin/Trump is the big problem.
No-Devos
Thanks Senator. Broomfield CO 80020
oh, and vote NO on DeVoss from a Colorado resident!
thank you Senator Gardner. (80224)
Pls investig $-relationships between RUS govt/investors & DT's businesses
#divestdonald
#EmolumentsClause 
#nationalsecurity
Thank you. Please also continue uncovering the truth about Russian interference and his taxes/conflicts of interest.
Trump is already easing sanctions, youbknownthats wrong!
& you continue to support an administration that is friendly w/Russia? Not buying this game senator
sincerely one of your constituents, not being paid for opposing you & this administration
BTW I protested the Muslim ban outside your FoCo office Tuesday with 2,000 others. And we were NOT PAID.
Well done Senator! Thank you!
Thank you -- this is a good step. Please also vote NO on DeVos. We're counting on you!
thank you. please vote no on Betsy Devos - partisan issues aside, she's entirely unqualified for the job.
Thank You! NO on DeVos and Sessions
YES, I second! Don't forget NO on Sessions and WTF is Bannon doing on the NSC!
I'm glad to hear it. This is a step in the right direction. We'll be watching. #COProud
you know putin is going to buy missiles tanks and guns our children might be facing those guns lower sanctions it's possible
