Trump signs executive order directing interior secretary to review designation of dozens of national monuments. http://apne.ws/2owG3WN 
Why are allowing wells even closer to public schools?
That's some nice slop. But will you vote against any proposed changes to decreasing or eliminating certain national monuments.
Exactly. And I think that the answer is @CoryGardner is afraid to walk out of lockstep with @realDonaldTrump
Really your voting record does not agree with that statement.
45 getting rid of VA people that have distain for mil and their families worth any pay raise. Trump 2020. This CO man supports Trump 80905
we have your word? Does this include fighting for the Methane rule? The methane hotspot in SW Colorado pollution effects our #publiclands
National Monuments can only be recended by a congressional vote. Can America count on you to vote NO?
No, he can't be trusted. If he can call a conference call a #townhall then i don't see any reason to trust him.
That seems to be the trouble with @SenCoryGardner
You better, you work for Coloraoans!!!  Not special interests.  Don't be a #PaidProtestor
You absolutely better!
god i hope that doesn't mean selling it off to the highest bidder
U say whatever Koch bros tell u to
So you will stand up to the president on this one?
Nope, it sure doesn't. He'll explain at the next town hall.
Please take a stand!! We need you to be stronger!
Protect our national monuments, please.
Please support the Antiquities Act
Or how about when you voted against the Stream Protection rule? That effects our #publiclands
When you confirmed @ScottPruittOK to head up the EPA you showed us how you really feel about #publiclands. You could give a shit #shame
Will you vote to protect Bear's Ears or will be like other GOP clones & continue to disenfranchise & disrespect indigenous ppl & rights?
I hope that means not reversing Bears Ears and other National Monuments.
@realDonaldTrump What do you mean? Afraid of commitment? Protect National Monuments from Trump Swamp #nationalmonuments #nationalmonuments
So does this mean you oppose the EO? Or are you just trying to thread the needle? #takeastand #spine
How will you do that when you support this tyrant?
You have stood up for a number of damaging moves that reduce ability to protect our land, air, water - Your words ring hollow.
Glad to hear that. Please do.
Thank you for your commitment to the outdoors! Colorado depends on it and the world appreciates it
SUPPORT and INDEPENDENT COMMISSION to INVESTIGATE trump TIES to RUSSIA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So you'll fight the EO in general? Because most of the lands aren't in CO, but they affect everyone. Also, I just emailed you this.
RESIST!
Kinda not doing a very good job. Sen. Bennett put his action in writing for the record.
Your nose is so brown, we don't believe for a second that you will stand against any harebrained idea your Supreme Leader wants enacted.
Your right. In Colorado WE do respect and value our public lands. However, YOU do not.
Or when you voted to approve the Keystone pipeline? That undoubtably effects our public lands.
Your voting record shows that you don't give a shit about our public lands. Why should we believe you now?
I hope this means you'll stand up for Canyons of the Ancients, Browns Canyon and Chimney Rock #MonumentsforAll
@CoryGardner calls a conference call a #townhall . He's a slippery one. This statement doesn't mean "public lands in public hands"
Until he comes out & states he will stand with the monuments I am skeptical but I want to give @SenCoryGardner the benefit of the doubt
I hope UR right. He makes statements that sound strong, but so far he hasn't had the courage to walk out of lockstep with @realDonaldTrump
Wish I could believe that you'll protect our  Nat'l Monuments Senator, but I know you're beholden to Koch bros.
Conflict of interest, eh?
These are some of our nation's most beautiful lands and they deserve to be protected. Develop energy somewhere else! Back off the Monuments!
If this is true, I hope you will fight to keep our national monuments intact!
You are such a hypocrite. You voted to confirm leaders who are anti-environment.
So what are you doing about it!!
Please mean what you say on this.
Will you stand up for our National Monuments and vote no on any attempt to remove their current designations?
If true you will need to prove it by standing up to @realDonaldTrump & his attempts to dismantle the EPA & sell off public lands.
I don't believe you, post a link of you saying this on the senate floor
Thank you. Please don't back track on what you've said. Public land must be protected. #AntiquitiesAct
@AP then what about protecting the EPA & standing with Region 8?Ur silence makes you complicit w/ Pruitt & 45's destruction
I'd feel better with "public lands remain in public hands." (Bennet) Seems to b wiggle room where those lands are protected privately....
Can you clarify what you mean by protecting? B/c I wonder if that means protecting for fracking and mining and lumber....
Please tell us, will you stand against WH on this irresponsible EO?
Perhaps you could hold a public in person meeting with your constituents before declaring yourself savior of our public lands Senator.
Thank you-what about public lands elsewhere? Will you defend Antiquities Act&not allow @POTUS to rescind national monuments status?
We don't believe anything you say, you weasel. Especially this.  You will gladly roll over for special interests who want to mine and drill
I'll believe it when you finally do it.
So are you going to stand up to Pres Trump on this  one?  I sure hope that you work to protect our precious national treasures.
Thanks! Please also defend public lands in all states, which require our collective stewardship. & Antiquities Act! http://www.creationjustice.org/blog/monuments-matter-to-christian-communities …
Please stand up against this terrible E.O. and its intent.
@SenCoryGardner, you disappoint me. Get the Feds out of the land-grab business.
What does this pablum mean? Define policies that respect/value public lands.
We depend on reasonable minds to take responsible action. Defend public lands.
please be more clear about what you mean. This message doesn't enlighten at all.
Please protect our monuments! This order is absurd!
you're a corporate shill, regardless of the lies you spout out here.
@AP that's a pretty ambiguous noncommittal statement
I can't tell where you stand, it's just words
Check your calendar, April Fool's Day was at the beginning of the month, oh wait, every day is April Fool's Day in your world.
31 Senators signed a letter to Trump stating they would fight this. You didn't sign the letter, so are you lying to us again
And how would you protect the environment Senator Gardner?  Can you save us from Trump's executive orders?
"in our state" - there's the weasel-out words I expect from our gutless senator. Gonna protect *our* land nextdoor in Utah? Didn't think so.
No you won't. I am pretty sure you will not support CO in opposition to the Cheeto
Please protect ALL monuments not just those in Colorado.  All are our lands.  Please do not vote to rescind a single monument in ANY state.
Yes.  Do protect all of these monuments.  As an unpaid constituent I implore you to come out publicly and oppose diminishing any monuments.
Yes, we constituents DO respect & value public lands. I urge you to oppose this EO And vote to keep federal lands federal/ protected. 80027
Are you a champion of the outdoors?  Let's see what that looks like.
@AP would be great to see you stand up to something. Especially something as important as our national monuments in CO
@AP Bullshit! Coward Cory will roll over for a simple belly $$$$scratch. For $49,000, Coward Cory can be brided by Big Oil.
Thanks, Senator. Please join other Senators in opposing this unnecessary, wasteful & pandering action by @POTUS. @Interior #MonumentsForAll
Fight against this
Thanks, @SenCoryGardner. I hope you'll work to protect all of our national monuments, they belong to all of us.
So are you saying you will protect the #AntiquitiesAct? And not be Trump's syncophant? And actually represent CO voters for once?!
I dare you to prove you have not been bought & paid for by the Koch brothers. Prove to us you actually give a damn in country over party!
Cory, What does that mean? I'm assuming even more fracking and drilling. It's out of control here. Weld County is a horror show eyesore.
Please do not let Trump's white supremacists and anarcho-capitalists to sell off our lands for oil and gas.
I have no faith in you or any other member of Congress that is in thrall to the dangerous delusional pathological liar in the White House.
When your actions start matching your words, let me know. 
Dude. You voted for climate denying nihilist Scott Pruitt to head EPA. Stop with this "I care" nonsense. You're insulting our intelligence.
Meaning you will vote to preserve the parks? Actions speak louder than tweets, Corey.
Yeah, let's hope so.  But you're a Republican, so it's difficult to trust you on this issue.  You know the reputation--rape & pillage.
Thank you!
And how do you plan on doing this? You are a bought and paid for puppet!
So you will oppose the president? If you can't hold a town hall meeting. I doubt you have the  to say no to the  one.
Oh really? What, exactly, do you mean. Y this? Looking forward to hearing your answer in a public, in-person Town Hall.
Lol, you? Stand against Trump?
You call yourself a champion of the outdoors? Give me a fucking break. Have you seen you voting record?
And those in other states, I hope.
Lol, no we don't we have the most polluted area code in the country!
That means no fuel extraction! Don't you dare sell it for mining or drilling. Federal management is necessary and I want it to remain as is.
2020
If you really believe this you'll vote against HJ Res 36
You voted to repeal the stream protection rule.  So you respect public lands but not the waters that run through them?
If Gardner is not lying for once, this will take his 100% Trump voting record to a 99% Trump voting record. #copolitics #coleg
He doesn't say what he means by protecting. Our idea of protecting is likely different than his idea. "Remain public" is important....
CO is counting on you to protect ALL public lands & vote against the repeal of the #BLM #methane rule. Save our #publiclands #ActonClimate
Not just in CO, please. To represent CO values you must protect national monuments in all of the states.
Sooooooo what exactly does your statemnt mean? Are you standing up to POTUS on this one?
You need to protect the public lands in EVERY state!
Orwellian doublespeak
Then why do you keep voting against CO values? You know what's right, just DO IT.
So do you support this EO?
Even if it means telling a fracking company no?
Help protect ALL public lands, not just Colorado's.
So what are you going to do about it, besides tweeting that you will do something about it?
You need to protect public land period - not just in our state.  #keepitpublic #MonumentsForAll #StandWithBearsEars
Please stand up to the Orange guy in the office. We are Colorado where our outdoors life IS life. If you can't stand with us, leave.
Really? What is your plan? 120 characters doesn't prove that you are actually working to save our public lands. We need action.
No  thanks on #vaguebooking this one.  Senator, this is the moment to stand up for CO values and public lands.
You're a joke  Colorado knows you only care about party.
I hope YOU stand up to this president who wants to use our country as his personal piggy bank.
what does this mean though
I spoke to ur COS office and they said there was nothing u could do, so thank you for taking a stand to save Canyons of the Ancients!
In Colorado Cory Garner has no answer re protecting preexisting conditions, when can we get a response?
So you're saying you'll stand up to trump? I won't hold my breath
U only care about the lobbyist lining ur pockets. U approved Betsy Devos U don't care about the people. No amount of tweets changed that.
Senator Gardner- exactly what do you intend to do beyond talk? Save Not just CO! How can we, your constituents help?
What will you actually do except kiss his ass like always? Put yourself on the line
 Defy him. Publicly
 Until then your 2 cents are worth 0
Falls on deaf ears Cory. You put party over country time and time again. Just hope we can contain the damage until we vote you out.
that statement is weak tea indeed. just what i expect from u, senator. oh, and btw, time for a REAL TOWN HALL! at red rocks.
How about protect public lands in ALL states
CO needs you to stand against corporate interests, against party and  to represent us. Our nation's public  lands are not for sale
There is nothing you can do to keep your job. #resist
Please protect our National Parks and Monuments for ALL to enjoy for generations to come. Say NO to sale, oil/gas developments.
looking forward to discussing this at an in person town hall. When will you hold one?
And will you protect healthcare?!?
No ACHA! No tax cuts for the wealthy! And no wall!
Do you support the BLM methane rule?
Statement of @SenBennetCO is better:"Public lands should remain in public hands.Let’s stand up against @POTUS EO & defend #AntiquitiesAct."
I'll believe it when I see your vote. Prove me wrong for being skeptical.
I hope this means in the best interest of Coloradans and not oil companies.
Please do. Your constituents will be very grateful
@AP Good. Make sure the Antiquities Act is not abused and keep lands open to hunting, fishing and hiking.
And that means NEVER open them up to Big Corp/Big Energy to exploit those lands to enrich a few. No drilling or mining.
Well we all know he can be bought so maybe this is just a shout out to get the donations rolling in.
Thank you, please prevent illegal roll back of Canyons of  Ancients. It is national treasure & deserves protection. #MonumentsForAll
Does that mean you will stand up with a strong voice to the @POTUS regarding OUR lands or simply send another useless open letter?
