Schedule a town hall meeting in rural Colorado. You name the town. Yuma? We will be there. You don't care. Really.
come home Gardner to see real Colorado folks.  Not your imaginary paid protesters.
One trump pick that you backed stepped down. At some point you need to take a hard look in the mirror. DeVos??? Really???
The Gold King Mine spill wasn't the fault of the EPA, the company caused the poison in the first place.
we don't trust you guys. Give an inch, you'll take a mile. Roll backs regs to keep clean air/water. Sell out to the Kochs
so explain properly manage Americas forests.  Who is establishing "properly"?
Repealing ACA will bankrupt small rural hospitals. You don't care. Really
Really?   You wouldn't need regulations if you could trust people to do the right thing.  Keep the Regulations!
be relevant, please. Your posts make you appear dismissive and waaaay tone deaf.
what do you mean "properly manage". What is your idea of "properly".  Hmmmm?
when will you sit down with us, your constituents?
To protect our country, we need an independent, bipartisan & transparent investigation into Trump Admin & campaign NOW!
how much did he pay you? Seems anyone you are willing to talk with either paid you or #FLUFSYOUREGO
My daughter's & I came to D.C. to discuss reducing gun violence & were not welcomed like this by you - met with a staffer.
Hobnob with possible sec of agriculture. Ignore treasonous actions and Russian interference. Post tone deaf tweets. Typical.
Rinse and repeat. #WeWontForget #GardnerOut2020
This story keeps getting worse and worse. Gardner is done. He is a disgrace to Colorado.
supporting the interests of Perdue or Coloradoans?  I live in rural CO, visit our national forest, do you speak for me?
Not 1 tweet about the Russia situation.Doesn't concern you in the slightest?Nothing? No investigations. Nothing.Do your job!
Repealing ACA will harm rural seniors, leaving them stranded without medicine and in home care. You don't care. Really.
Come back to Colorado for a nice town hall meeting with your constituents.  We have a few things to discuss with you.
How much are our forests going for?
Quit douching around on social media and demand a bipartisan investigation to #RussiaGate. DO YOUR GD JOB!
that's really great... Can you investigate Trump's ties to Russia now?
"lololol luv $$$ so much $$$ how get more $$$? $$$ from TREES? Regs protect trees? No more regs! No trees! $$$!"
"burdensome" regulations that keep our food safe and protect the welfare of animals giving their lives so we can eat?
There's a Russian spy ship off the coast of Delaware and you are on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee! Get it together!
Buddy, where are you? Let's talk about some stuff soon. Why no face to face town halls?
I'm a 3rd gen rural No. Colorado native. We're waiting to see you. Name the town. We will be there. You don't care. Really.
You don't staff or meet with constituents in rural Colorado. You don't care. Really.
do your job!!! You are a pawn being used by Trump.  You are a bad.
Regulations like the ones for clean water and air? When do you start selling park land?
Repealing ACA will leave rural small biz and self employed trapped in disease and illness. You don't care. Really.
Sunny Perdue who wants to roll back forest protection?  Perhaps you should meet w/ constituents 1st for feedback!
Regulations=Protections  Don't sell out your constituents. Citizens>$$$$
Repealing ACA and limiting access to birth control will trap rural women in poverty and disease. You don't care. Really.
how about saying NO to Pudzer, could you do that?
Not in support of cutting regulations. It's not all about money and economy. Oh wait maybe for you it is
how about spending time looking for a new job after you denied your constituents their voice and claimed we were all paid
You have time to speak with him, but not your constituents? Come to CO. Hold a town hall. Stop hiding in DC.
Crickets
Don't think when it goes bad and you finally decide to stand up that it's going to make you appear some kind of hero
Let's put this in Trump words for you,you're on notice.
We the people can and will vote you out!
if regulations weren't burdensome, there'd be no need for them. It's not whether they're a burden, but what they're for.
Uh Oh you forgot something! Thr Russians are coming and that's SERIOUSLY what is important!
define "burdensome."
you want to drill rural communities and log the forests! Wow, Corey...it's like you hate the planet
what would you know about the proper management of our forests? Are you a forester or even a gardener? Or just eyeing money?
now vote NO for Pruitt and investigate Russian / election / sanction/ Exxon / Flynn connection!!
I spoke to a billionaire wanting to pollute our water and sell off our national land. Another donation to sell your vote?
what do you mean by properly managing?
how about supporting Colorado?! Still can't believe you voted for devos. What a disappointment
Cut em down, who needs forests replace them with mines and fracking rigs. Greed is the GOP way ...always !
hey cory, do you guys have a name for your bad guy group? Do you guys get together and laugh in unison while planning?
burdensome to who?? Us Coloradans and all Americans?? Like you, corp's don't do anything for the good of the people! 
TOWN HALL TOWN HALL TOWN HALL TOWN HALL TOWN HALL TOWN HALL
The time has come to put country above party and start impeachment proceedings against king con
hey cory, do ask for checks or straight cash before hand when you meet people? Can they get endorsements from there company?
Shhh, Cory....Continue to not be outraged by entire Russian madness going on.
Shhhhhh
see@SenBennetCO
oh wait! I forgot you fly for free, perk of being a senator so you can keep in touch with your constituents #whereiscory
Would you stop with he useless, "look what I'm doing" posts. What you are not doing is talking to us. We pay you.
WHAT?
.@SenCoryGardner you know who would appreciate a sit down? Your frakkin' constituents.
leave the oil regulations! No fracking! Think of the people, not big business!
Oh, those pesky reqs that keep our food and water safe! How about looking into Russian interference in US?
Still waiting for your statement on Michael Flynn. Can you actually comment on your own. Country over party.....
as a constituent, I would love to know what you define as "burdensome regulations".  Thanks.
I'm becoming concerned about the fact that your constituents never see you #whereiscory #gardnerwatch
sonny is a Georgia resident. Are you protecting our forests. We are in Colorado!
Yep; discuss managing forests and avoid talking about my family's health care alternatives, job well done!
If Flynn lied to the FBI about his communications with Russia when he became National Security Adviser. That is a FELONY!!!
You should Google "Colorado." Nice place. Come and visit sometime.
.@SenCoryGardner visits with politicians, votes for cabinet members, totally silent on #Flynnghazi.  Serves Trump-not #Colorado. #copolitics
Maybe read up on him, too. What a piece of work.
You mean the ones that protect our forests?
Colorado is s great place. Google it sometime.
All three of those things can be resolved by having you resign today and replaced with a real Senator
That's adorable!  You DO know you're from Colorado, right?  We'd like to discuss burdensome Senators.  80127
how about a town hall in Denver? Also, launch investigation into Flynn and the administration ties to Russia.
what burdensome regulations?  Seems to me we gotta do all we can to protect the only home we have
Removing "burdensome regulations" leads to @gop corruption. We've seen this before.
Nobody gives a shit Cory. Represent your constituents. We need a voice in the GOP telling them we don't support corruption.
so "properly manage" means clear cut and drill in our forests. You really from colo? #unpaid. 80210.
"Properly managing nation's forests" = Colorado land giveaway to Cory's fatcat donors
you sit down with everyone except your state. You're corrupt. You're a missing person in Colorado lmao
so you're going to sell the forests to the highest bidder?
When will you sit down with constituents?  How about scheduling a Town Hall meeting?  From 80237 #whereiscory
well that's a joke as you sell them out at the same time.
I'd like to personally ask you to spend some time working on reigning in this burdensome President and his band of misfits.
remember that part about the forests belonging to Americans, not timber companies?
it seems you're courting everyone but your constituency. When does the chicken come home to roost?
We live in rural Colorado, manage a 100 acre forest, and need your support for health insurance.  Now will you listen?
we want to hear u speaking out about trump administration/investigation/Russia.  Regulations?Really? This is ur focus??
"burdensome regs" like "dont dump into rivers" "dont clear cut forests" "dont poison the fucking land" 

Come off it Cory.
Why aren't you investigating the Flynn Russia ties?
Can you maybe discuss an investigation into Flynn and the ties the White House has with Russia?  Thanks in advance.
Town hall meetings across the State? You need to listen to the voters!
What about the people who died from peanut paste contamination on his watch?
Time for a town hall meeting Cory. You need a reality check on what your constituents really want. #comehomecory
here's a thought – how about sitting down with the people who live in those communities to see what you can do for them?
I'll bet you two talked about ending regulation.  $$$$$$$$$$$$$
now why don't you down with your constituents at a town hall?
logging and drilling?  Don't do it.
what about #FSB #russia and the shameful marginalizing of the attempts to investigate members of congress?
Are you going to call for an investigation into Michael Flynn and his Russian contacts? Tired of your bs photo ops.
So, Sen. Gardner, you have a forestry degree? You actually know how to manage our forests?  Probably not.
You're posting pointless social media fluff while our country is in the middle of an existential crisis. We deserve better.
Translation: Sonny can you help me clear the dadgum trees to make way for more drillin' & minin'? #Indivisible
why aren't you concerned about Trump and Russia??? You should be!!!
.@SenCoryGardner when are you going to sit down with your constituents? Oh, right. Never.
make sure the "burdensome regulations" you will rein in don't allow more water pollution. We kind of need that to live.
again, ignoring constituents request for a town hall.... #bye2020
regulations are only burdening to the rich owners who might make 1 less million a year. No care for our environment!
yes we need disease ridden food to make its way to market. Ask those who lost loved ones to deadly cantaloupe
you should sit down with your constituents
have a town hall so real rural citizens can tell you how you can help! Guess this guy lined your pockets nicely.
rich people  have no idea about normal rural people. They just know how to use them for cheap labor.
don't forget to ask for 49.8K you'll need it when your voted out!
“Properly managing forests” requires “burdensome regulation”. Apparently logic isn’t @SenCoryGardner strong point.
Sat down w/ Sonny Perdue to discuss supporting rural communities, reining in burdensome regulations & properly managing our nation’s forests 
Burdensome regulations that protect people from pollution? Or that would've stopped you taking $49.8k for a vote?
Disgusted with your yes vote on DeVos, Mnunchin and others.  NO TO PERDUE.  NOT A PAID PROTESTER.
are you the party of Putin now?
#onetermgardner
will you support an investigation POTUS & Michael Flynn? I'm a unpaid denver resident (pm if you want to meet me in person)
I wonder if you will sit down with your ACTUAL CONSTITUENTS
.@SenCoryGardner regs are not burdensome. They are Protections. You wouldn't call Protections "burdensome" would you?
.@SenCoryGardner FREE ADVICE: sit down with the Coloradans you represent. You can't avoid your constituents forever!
- his faith is admirable, his denial of facts is unacceptable. Evidence-based policy for the people, please.
Aw shucks, @SenCoryGardner. I was really hoping you'd focus your efforts on the total circus that is the Executive Branch, but  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
Regs r what keep our state beautiful & clean. U want to make CO a wasteland in pursuit of capitalism & greed. #DoYourJob
Figures, a fertilizer salesman spouting fertilizer about how env regs are somehow bad 4 Colorado - a place you should visit!
would love to sit down with you, Senator. #DenverTownHall
Glad to see you're focused on the important goings on. Let me know when you get to rearranging the deck chairs #titanic
In DC? Neither Pruitt/Perry benefit rural communities; gov't regs protect! Come home; real town hall 80866 #WhereIsCory
INVESTIGATE!!!! WE WILL PERSIST!!!!!
is it easier for you to make decisions when you don't listen to your voters? Town hall!
just head west young man Back to Colorado and your constituents for a town hall Love to see you in the Springs #whereiscory
Did you guys talk about #ClmateChange and the forests, agriculture, water supply?
you mean continuing to sell out our resources, our people and our future? Serve us, not biz. 2020 not coming soon enough.
Please support select bipartisan investigative committee on Russsian involvement in admin & election for your country & us!
Damn, you already let big ag take/foul our water for free & we subsidize them. Need me to drop my firstborn off at JBS, too?
investigate Russian manipulation of the WH.  DO YOUR JOB
stop ignoring your constituents,numerous phone calls, faxes and emails and NOT ONE answer back NOT ONE who do you work for?
Hey buddy. Remember Colorado?
Proper management is done by the USFS. Rural communities need qualified cabinet members. Investigate Trump. Simple.
how about investigating Flynn and these Russian ties Gardner! No? Then #recallgardner
If you want to help rural America, voice opposition and vote against Pruitt loudly. Then we may believe you.
Define burdensome regulations! And when will you sit down with your constituents? We've been asking!
Sonny Perdue is a resident of Georgia. You are supposed to be representing the people of Colorado. Do you see a problem?
in TV interview yesterday I said that I was optimistic that you would listen and do a Town Hall next week. So disappointing!
"burdensome regulations?" Is this your way hinting at a Yes on Pruitt? Colorado cares about nature and so should you!
you need to take "Proudly serving Colorado" off your bio until you come back and listen to us. #wherescory #doyourjob
You really don't care what the people who voted for you want. Investigate Trump. Do your job. Protect our natural resources.
"Properly Manage" ? How about Protecting our National Forests!
nice. What are you going to do about the Russian infiltration in to the Whitehouse??
-- He disbelieves evidence-based climate science, but leads "prayer for rain" in Georgia 2017. Really? This guy?
THIS IS THE ISSUE NOW
"What did the President know & when did he know it?"
National Security over Politics 
Join w/@RoyBlunt
When will you speak out against our current natl security crisis for which the White House is responsible? Investigate now.
Not one Tweet in response to yours is positive or indicative that your constituents are happy. Wake up. Sit down with CO!
Stop diddling yourself! Our national security is at risk and you're working on what? Clear cutting our national forests?
any possibility of sitting down with your constituents in a meeting? #NoPlaceLikeHome
WE WILL STILL BE HERE WHEN YOU GET BACK!  THAT'S IF YOU HAVE THE BALLS TO RETURN TO FACE #TheResistance #ResignCory
That's very sweet! . NOW INVESTIGATE RUSSIAN/TRUMP ties. For the love of God- do the right thing. Country over party.
wow dude. You seem tone deaf. Like you are ignoring what the the Republican party, and by extension you, are involved in
Don't give our forest away! Colorado has too much to lose. Don't be irresponsible.
is he a Colorado citizen? How did he get face time with you when he rest of us can't? WE WANT A TOWN HALL!
Do you only support politicians who use their office for personal enrichment? Neither Perdue nor Trump use blind trusts.
"Burdensome regs" is code for letting your rich donors rape the env.  DeVos money donation forthcoming?  #FreeTheDevos50k
Sunny but cold here in Colorado Springs.  Come and visit our beautiful state sometime.
and have an open weekend townhall meeting!!!
How about sitting down with your constituents!!
never happen, Jo Anne. He's chicken shit to face constituents.
Agree with u on that...he is not only corrupt but also bought man.
how about protecting our country from this treasonous administration?  Do your job!!  Listen to your constituents.
How much as he contributed to your campaign? DeVos money or more?
schedule a town hall in Denver, please. We're worried about you. #WhereIsCory
can talk with people from Georgia, but not anyone from Colorado. Maybe he should move there.
DO YOUR JOB!  INVESTIGATE TRUMP,  RUSSIA,  TAXES.   STOP IGNORING US!
