This man doesn't isn't afraid to talk to his constituents. Unlike some others I could name
It took him over 400 DAYS and he did his damnedest to find the softest locations at the least accessible times.
.. you did not deserve to be yelled at that much so you cannot get your point across so thank you for coming out and I hope you do again
At least u tried.  The libs  will scream at u no matter what.
Agreed thanks for town hall do it again and again not holding town halls makes ppl  also don't just listen act on Coloradans concerns pls
Sure you enjoyed these. (Hint: we KNOW you're lying. You've avoided these and you hated every minute of hearing from actual constituents.)
All part of being American to disagree on issues. But I now have faith that when it counts, you will stand up to trump for your country.
Again with no tolerance for a different opinion. Must always call opposition racist. We are also deplorable. Free speech for all, not just U
But you didn't listen AT ALL during the health care legislation you wrote. You didn't give a  about all the people who would've lost ins.
Hope he let's o care die then see how u libs react.
I guess we will see you again in another 504 days.
What about the questions on guns? Why no answers?
Thank you for holding in person Town Halls to listen to us!!
You are on record saying you support an audit of the Pentagon. Next time you are back in town we will ask how that is progressing.
If you actually listened to people you would realize that the replacement choices you voted for would hurt a lot more people than they help!
Did you explain how your plan to improve healthcare will kick 20 million people or so off there insurance?
What you forget is that you represent us you forego your personal beliefs for us!
Tired of listening to your distorted claims & excuses. When I get a response from my letters/emails, I play "Count the Lies." Word Salad!!
I hear nothing back from polis or Bennett.
LISTEN TO THESE GUYS SENATOR:

ANTIFA Chants "No Trump, No Wall, No USA At All!" (VIDEO)
twitter ^ 

SHAME ON YOU SIR.
Did #soros pay these actors too?
U can "disagree" but ur a SERVANT of the people, NOT leader. Health care  is a human right - #MedicareForAll including u. Why not Congress 2
Stop hating and see where that will get you. The POTUS did condemn the KKK  The planned event permit applied by a group of Constitutionalist
You have a long hard road at convincing your constituents that you are not a corporate pawn. If you care about such matters.
So long as you do it when the majority of your political opposition is @ work & w/ only 4 days notice, making childcare/time off impossible
Til next year I guess the people still have @CardboardCoryCO who just might be more receptive to their concerns & less dismissive in general
We also have idiots polis and Bennett.
Please get back to D.C.& pass tax reform!
I heard everyone laid into you. Must be tough to be anti healthcare.
You are a victim of (far)left narrative imposed by media and left activists
Like on exactly what issue DO you agree with the majority of Coloradans?
He won so someone supports him.  What did udall do?  Pls tell
It's about time you listened instead of hiding from your constituents. #toolittletoolate
I may disagree with a a lot of what you put out about Healthcare and different things but I apologize for the people of Lakewood...
You cowered to the violent murdering left. You need to give up ur position 2 someone that has the guts to stand up to these thug terrorists.
A day late. A dollar short.
It is not in the job description for you to disagree with your constituents. You are required to fulfill "the will of the people." Clueless!
Your not listening. Hate groups need to be policed when they protest. Aaaaaallllll of them. BLM Antifa NeoNazi KKK. All
You have proven yourself to be a duplicitous snake. You have chosen to rep the Kochs instead of your constituents. We will work to defeat u.
I'm glad you're "listening". At 3:30 PM, on a workweek, over a year after your last solo town hall.
You need to demand that your guy FIRE all nazi's and supremacists in his camp. What are you thinking? You have a moral obligation to act now
Don't forget!!! @algore @billmckibben
I live in Lakewood and I wasn't there. Since you're a Republican, all I care is that you'll deport the Mexican kids who bullied me in school
You are the biggest panderer for votes I've seen. You stand for yourself not for what you politically represent. PHOTO KING GARDNER
Very clever scheduling all 3 in one day.  I'm sure it limited the # of questions from irate constituents since u had to travel so much.
after townhallls it seems clearer that you enjoy premier healthcare as our Senator, but think we are not equally worthy
Please keep trying to repeal the unaffordable care act! Just because people have insurance, doesn't mean they can afford to use it.
What will your next career be? Comedy writer?
Some? Enjoy the air you breathe while you can you schmuck.Its embarrassing that you "represent" CO and are clueless when it comes to climate
You're an embarrassment to this country.
While we may not agree Thank you on  the Town Hall
I like that you are doing this.  May not agree with all your positions, but like that you are listening
It's about time, and thank you. Lets do it some more.
Lol, "Some Issues"
Sorry I couldn't make it. Working. You know how it is, haha. Right?
Asked u in Greeley re supporting removal of racists Bannon, Miller, and Gorka. You unequivocally refused. Are you against racism or not?
I'm sorry people treat you like you're not a person. Yelling and screaming at someone is never okay.
2020
Couldn't agree more
I am not advocating for people to be rude to you, I just wish you would have more virtue.
Let's face it, you've given us too little too late. Your silence on racism and violence up to this point has been loud and clear.
Check out this article from The Coloradoan:

Expletives, jeers and cheers greet Cory Gardner at Greeley town hall
Took you long enough to distance yourself from Trump.  Still won't keep you in office.
How can you still say that Trump is "fit for office"? Words without action are just hot air. Stop putting party before country. #Impeach
Oh my god those were your constituents. Your job is to agree with them. To represent them on the federal level. You suck so much.
How about doing the majority's will on healthcare and get to the madman out of the people's house. Or would that hurt you w/the Kochs.
Also... please tell us what you will do WRT to 45 & white supremacy that is MEANINGFUL. Press to get bigots off his staff--checks & balances
Thank you for your town halls. I wish you could hear your constituents on health care. You are not reaching  across the aisle.
You said you'd not take any action towards removing the Nazi Gorka and the white supremacists Bannon and Miller. Why not?
The money flowing into your campaign coffers wasn't given by big corps and billionaires out of generosity. They expect a...
...return on their investment. But you are supposed to represent the interests of the people of Colorado, not them.
Friendly crowds in the Springs and Greeley no doubt. 
Such a coward.
Tell us what you learned today Cory. Will you change anything including your absurd voting in middle of night?  What good plans do you offer

You seem to disagree on the statement that listening to your constituents is literally your job...
Actually all you proved is you are hell bent on your (donors) agenda.
Thank you for taking the time. Please host more where it's not during work hours. I would like to attend, but can't get away during the day.
Hope you mean that going forward because you haven't listened.
Pssssstt Nazis in the White House. If you are not trying to get them removed, you are one!
I wished you would have answered some questions  
You're a good man @SenCoryGardner
It was on July 28th, when you voted to take 500k Coloradans healthcare... ask yr staff to check yr calendar, refresh yr memory
Thanks for at least doing them and not avoiding your constituents.
We do disagree on some issues, but we can agree that you voted take around 500,000 Coloradans healthcare from them right? Cause you did.
I wasn't there in ColoSpgs, but I appreciate you taking time to be here. Now please, do something about the president.
I concur Senator.
Who in Colorado agrees to dumping coal waste into streams and rivers.... you Cory Koch... in my mind that is pure evil.
#ProtectOurCare
Where's Cory
Thank you for talking to your constituents.  Please listen to their concerns.
You're an awful senator. Voting against your constituents' interests time and again. Can't wait to vote you out of office in 2020.
Hear! Hear!
How about you hold a town hall when people are also not at work too?
1. It's actually CO Springs, perhaps visit more often? 2. Oppose the RAISE Act and defend the DACA program.
Thank you for doing town halls!
Man up dude you represent all of Colorado not just your donors. Trump is repulsive and you know it. @denverpost @KyleClark @9NEWS
Despite the fact that cute lil Cory was the first GOP senator to attack Trump the left cuts him 0 slack - keep pandering Cory
Sure, disagreement happens. But when most of your constituents want something, it's not your personal opinion that matters, Senator.
Listen to your constituents and denounce @realDonaldTrump
I can't let this go...I am appalled at your condescending "listening" without representation comment. In theory, I  U.
although clearly you are pandering to a higher $. Represent Colorado, or get your own kingdom.
Thanks, @SenCoryGardner. We're going to have some serious follow up questions, though... #copolitics #charlottesville @indivisiblefrr
Disagree?
Stop defending a supporter of racism & hatred. @POTUS must go if this country is yo move forward.  As long as you defend him you are as bad
Do you agree with what the president said today? What do you stand for?

Trump bashes "alt-left," again saying two sides to blame in Charlottesville http://wapo.st/2vCiSwg 
Hear this. Stop shoving #fake45 policies down CO throats! EPA, health, CPB, Dept of State, DOJ. Pick sides. US or 45. What do you stand for!
Betsy DeVos is the reason I put 11/3/20 on my calendar. I will never forgive that.
Doubt you enjoyed it but i do value your strong anti-nazi language today.  In utter disbelief that in 2017 i am thanking someone for that.
Then why don't you listen to your constituents???
If you truly represent all the people, IMPEACH TRUMP. He's broken his Oath of Office many times over. Guess we know where you stand if not.
The ONLY issue right now is finding a way to impeach Donald Trump...our country cannot move forward with him as our leader after today.
Pueblo???????
Thank you Sen Gardner. Don't agree w/you frequently but appreciate the time you took to talk to Coloradans.
So, a dishonest, corrupt white supremist who gives the green light to the alt-right is fit to be POTUS?
Glad you enjoyed your day while the rest of sat in horror as our president condoned the alt-right! So much for being the party of Lincoln
Thank you for holding them Sen.  If I may suggest, if you held them more frequently, they might be less contentious.
Many felt this was their one chance to make their concerns heard. More frequent meetings would assuage those fears and reduce tensions.
Except that you represent US! Disagreements R 4 different sides. So I disagree w/the People you were elected to represent?
Then you Sir, are not doing the job you were elected to do. This is not the State of Cory's Mind
This is the State of Colorado and 61% disagree with the administration. You were elected to "represent" the State.
As simple as that sounds, your response is irresponsible.
With all due respect, Trump is an embarrassment to the GOP and when this is written about is this how the party wants to be remembered?
Why are you defending a racist? That does not reflect well on you. One wonders your position on this.
My grand-uncle was awarded a Purple Heart for his fight in WWII against Hitler - what the hell are you thinking defending this president?
Thank you for coming today. Hated most of what you said, but thank you for finally showing up.
It's important to support the president, the party you are affiliated with and the people who elected you.
Your party is supporting a president that supports domestic terrorism. What are you doing about it other than talking?
We really need honest debate not this Hyperpartisan nonsense
One side has nazis. I'm not talking about the GOP. I'm talking about the actual nazis. Why is that difficult to pick a side? Nazis!!
Huh?
Well thanks for showing up.

Well that can happen when you actually show up
co-sponsor the bipartisan DREAM Act S. 1615) to create a legislative fix to the predicament of these young Americans.
PLEASE, get that monster out of office. I would love to go back to disagreeing about normal politics, not whether NAZIs are fine folk or not
Well Cory, YOUR FAKE PRESIDENT just showed his true colors now show yours!! ARE you Racist or do you have the stones to stand against him?
Do we disagree that the president of the United States shouldn't be a Nazi sympathizer??? #ImpeachTrumpNOW
REPEAL & REPLACE ACA...WASN'T THAT YOUR PROMISE???REAL MEN DON'T BLAME THEIR COUNTERPARTS. LOOK IN THEE MIRROR ...NO REAL MAN LOOKING BACK.
SOME issues?  ROFL, if you listened at all in CS, you heard our feelings about HC, 45 & polluting our air & water. Complicit in dishonor SAD
Now what after Trump's speech today? Grow a pair!
What are YOU and YOUR PARTY going to do Cory??
How come you didn't hold town halls until your polling numbers dropped below 25%?

You need to get Trump out of the White House. He is a white supremacist. Amongst a host of other things. Do your job! Protect your country!
that's what we've been telling you for over a year, sunshine.
What about being sympathetic to Nazis?
Here is something we can all agree the senate hasn't got anything done
If you enjoy them so much why wait over 500 days?
