A Colorado tomato farmer, a U.S. senator and the vice president of the United States … | https://coloradopolitics.com/colorado-tomato-farmer-u-s-senator-vice-president-united-states/ … #coleg #copolitics 
No, Cory! What is wrong with you? You know we need a conversation about healthcare. This insult must be deliberate. What is wrong with you?
Im a Critical Care Pharmacist and a Democrat running against Gardner in 2020. See my platform and donate at http://www.leitzelforcolorado.com 
You're gonna get a break from politics soon... when is his term up again?
2020 . Bring it on!

I'm already declared and building a winning campaign. See my platform and donate at http://www.leitzelforcolorado.com 
I don't know who you are, but you're not @SenCoryGardner, so I already like you.
Visit my website and get to know me! I hope to be so much more than "Not Gardner!"
it's a pretty good start though, to be honest. I'm concerned with your ties to oil and gas though. What's your stance on climate change?
It's real and we need to drastically reduce our CO2 and Methane emissions. I have a blog post where my views on the industry are better put.
I'd LOVE a break from politics, but since you are determined to pass a bill that would make health insurance unaffordable for me, I can't.
i'd like you to tweet about your healthcare position, please. 
@CoHotSheetBlog The VP is up to his armpits in TREASON! Enough. Clean up this mess!
A Colorado tomato farmer, a US senator and the VP of the US walk into a bar, the VP tells the senator to meet with the people he represents.
Kinda sounds like you need a break from politics Mr. Gardner.
How about all the stories on the real Coloradans trying to get in touch with you on healtchare? What about them?
#copolitics
If you not going to do what we want here in Colorado...what is the point of having you in office?!? Resign Coward Gardner!

@realDonaldTrump meet with Putin for 2+ hours. Any chance you can give your constituents the same courtesy he gives enemies of the state?
.@SenCoryGardner Missing in action.
How about a break from the anxiety of knowing that #TrumpcareWill take away our healthcare so tax breaks can go to the wealthy? #ACA #voteNO
Does the farmer have health care?  Will they by 2020?
Take a break from politics by reading politics?  And you wonder why your constituents are upset with you...
We don't want a break from politics when politicians are threatening to take away our healthcare. Give me a break-- this tweet is offensive.
YES!
Feel free to tweet something that matters. Maybe talk to the press, actual town hall meeting. Sad..
Would love to read about you thoughts on Healthcare and TownHall meetings?
I love tomatoes but not your politics SEN. GARDNER

Hey man.... you're not good at your job
That's  a life changer! Now I don't even care about Healthcare. Thanks Cory.
If you want a break, we're happy to accept your resignation.
Cory, we want you to DO YOUR JOB! Hold a town hall. You're a coward
classic distraction technique. look over there! it's not working, craven cory. REAL TOWN HALL! at red rocks! no trumpcare! fix the aca!
Sooooo when are you going to come back to Steamboat to talk to your constituents?
how can people be tired of politics when you literally refuse to engage your constituents!? Do your job!

Do YOU want a break from politics? No time like the present to resign. #copolitics
Maybe we could all take a break.... Resign.  You will be voted out in 2020 anyway.  Hey.. And why not have a town hall meeting? You suck.
No, but obviously you do. Why aren't you denouncing #45's plan to establish joint cyber security operations w/ Russia? What's wrong w/ you?
Would love a break from politics but our govt is hell-bent on destroying environment, education, health care, civil rights, freedoms...
Nice of Cory to visit tomato farm. Would be MUCH better if he studied the damage administration is doing to the environment and health care
If you won't meet w/ constituents, how are you going to run for reelection? You can't just phone it in, or hold power Rebub meetings. 26% ?
Maybe he wants to take a page from Rep Doug Lamborn, who hasn't had an unpaid meet and greet in years
Senator, Trump is tweeting about anarchy, got to watch this
I think you need a long break we will vote you out and get a peopletiction to support we the people
Gardner we don't really want to hear anything from you but your resignation speech. We're not going to forget.
you should take a permanent break from trying to kick off medicaid women & children & people with disabilities.
Difficult to take a break when politics will dictate whether 22 million Americans keep their insurance or have it taken from them.
Senator, we don't want a break from politics, we want your stance on the GOP healthcare bill. What is it for goodness sakes?
Actually, I would like to know your stance on the healthcare bill ... #SaveMedicaid
Read about this exchange in the GJ Sentinel and also read that you want to make good policy for Coloradans = #VoteNo on healthcare bill.
Of course Sen HumanWeasel wants a break from politics.  He's getting roasted by his constituency.
Isn't that still politics?
You don't get to take a break, you haven't done anything for your constituents. You will always be accountable to us
Hahaha, you're so oblivious. Or you just don't care. Either way, unfit to serve Colorado. Do your job or quit.
Be as brave as the veterans you support; Face the PEOPLE and have a town hall!! Senators aren't supposed to be cowards!
No- must NOT forget our country & wellbeing in your hands. NO AHCA, or ban or wall or war. Pls do UR job & meet with us.

You're on a break, why not a real townhall?
You have plenty of breaks from politics. I could take a break if you would do your job, or resign and open your seat for someone who will.
Nope. We're not taking any breaks.
Go ahead. Continue to avoid responsibility and accountability to the voters
Older Coloradans in rural towns will be devastated by BCRA. Shameful
That is the "glide path" he loves to talk about in his arggle barggle bs talks about the "draft" BRCA bill. #onetermcory #gophypocrisy
How is reading a story about the VP a break from politics?
And small town middle income folks won't be able to afford health insurance either with your BCRA bill!
Here's something else that  will happen to rural towns with the BCRA bill.

Capitol Police arresting protesters who rely on wheelchairs. They dropped one.

#NoCutsNoCaps 

.@SenateMajLdr is going to kill us! 

Capitol Police dragging a disabled protester away without his wheelchair. 

"Just vote no!" protesters chant outside of GOP Sen. Cory Gardner's office. Demonstrators have sprawled out across Republican offices.. 

Capitol Police are arresting about 8 people outside Rubio's DC office. They keep chanting "Vote no Rubio" 

Protesters now outside of Republican Sen. Cory Gardner's Senate office. Chanting "shame on you." 

Ten protesters outside of Sen. Toomey's office, several arrested: "Kill the bill, don't kill me." 
Promoting yourself instead of working for your constituents: business as usual for soon-to-be ex-Senator Gardner. #phony
@CoHotSheetBlog If you want a break from politics, feel free to resign any time.
@SenCoryGardner do the right thing! #Healthcare is for everyone! Listen to your Colorado residents! #VoteNo  #ForOurPatients
Gee, our Prez trusts the word of former KGB agent re Russian meddling in election more than 14 US intelligence agencies. Pay attention!
Actually sir, I would very much like to discuss politics with you, especially since you're our employee. How about a mid-term review? #daily
Remember the movie Lincoln? And one courageous Senator stood up and voted for the XIVth Amendment? You could be the Senator that saves ACA.
Presumably, VP Pence was calling you about the health care bill. Why don't you care about us ordinary people to listen to us?
Not really. I would like to know if you are going to oppose the health care repeal/tax cut
Not actually interested in a break from politics thanks. More interested in #townhall and your NO vote on #AHCA. Where will you be tomorrow?
http://bit.ly/2uBpxE7  Read @indivisibleden
"Want a break from politics... read @colo_politics..." Wow Mr. Gardner... you REALLY don't get it, do you?
No, we want you to hold a town hall.
How about you come to the Roaring Fork Valley & I'll tell you about my son & I on health care. Fix the ACA don't repeal it.
Here's a concept for your social media person. How about at least tweeting where Cory stands and why instead of fluff pieces?
Do your job for America! Help impeach Crooked Donny Trump!
Are you volunteering? I'm sure we could show you out.
@CoHotSheetBlog vote no for new medical bill. 2020 ....
Plz quit taking a break and hold a townhall
No, I don't. Potus is an embarrassment, you're a rubber stamp, and health care??? There's a whole lot that we don't need a break from.
The GOP bill hurts the average person while benefiting the insurance companies and the giving tax cuts to wealthy investors.
Whether or not I can ever get health insurance again isn't "politics"
I feel like I have the weight of the country on my shoulders because the people we pay to run the country are trying to destroy it.

This #veteran and Gold Star widow went to @SenCoryGardner's office to to plead that he vote no on #Trumpcare 
A break? What? I've yet to see you do your job. Beyond meeting w murderers, you insult or ignore constituents like a coward. Stop hiding.
Lol @SenCoryGardner took a break from politics when Trump took over.  He only shows up to vote against his constituents.
Are you taking away his health insurance too?
Because a break from politics would take the tractor beam off your stance on the health insurance bill? NO THANKS. I'll take more politics.
I'll consider a break from politics when you're voted out of office. PS, answer your darn phones!
Want a break from politics? Become CO's GOP sen! Don't talk to your constituents and ignore a healthcare bill that will destroy lives. 
You seem to be taking a break from politics by not addressing your constituents. #WhereIsCory #NoBCRA
A break?? How about if you get involved *in* politics and talk to your constituents about healthcare?
You don't want to bitch anymore about insurance rate hikes and US policy toward N. Korea?
There is no break from politics when elected representative act against the interests of their constituents
There's no such thing as a break from politics when we're about to lose our healthcare *and* our democracy.
You don't deserve a break. Meet with and listen to your constituents. #onetermsenator
Actually, I don't want a break from politics! I want to talk to my Senator at a town hall! Is that too much to ask?
I want a break from you not listening to us. Vote no on healthcare. Hold a town hall. Do your job.
Coward!!!
Yes I want a break from politics. But i'm not quitting until you fix this country's health care system .
Retweet if you hate this guy. #onetermsenator #garbagefire #sellout #badguy #trumppawn #heartless #theworst
#NoOnGardner2020. We will never forget DeVos.
Actually, 
we want our healthcare!
No, we want you to watch the video of one of your constituents (a veteran) pleading to speak w you about her disabled son's Medicaid.
I want a break from *your* kind of politics because it makes me feel ignored instead of represented. What we WANT is an in person town hall!
Also, the irony and tone deafness of "a break from politics" by posting a link to a political blog is staggering
A small tomato farmer who you are working against when it comes to #climatechange
Face your constituents and do your actual job for once you coward!  If you can't listen to your constituents then resign.
No, I don't want a break from politics. I want you to listen to your constituents about voting no on Trumpcare.
! answer your phone! do your job! NO on the crappy senate healthcare bill & no discussion on an outright repeal, don't be a rethuglican
Why should we look at this? You won't listen to us. We know these wonderful stories.  We don't know what you are going  to do.
@SenCoryGardner Break from politics? Not a chance. Too much on the line. Stop cruel Wealthcare/Trumpcare. Daughter needs Medicaid.
#Savethe200th
I'd rather read about the dates and places for your TOWN HALLS where you meet your constituents and LISTEN to our concerns on HEALTHCARE!
I want a break from you and you ditching town hall meetings. Run Cory Run!
Your Twitter is passive aggressive towards everyone's concerns
2020
The one thing on the mind of many coloradoans is your support of the GOP health terror bill. Take a stand for CO against that immoral bill
"Not political": Political rag talking about politicians & taking pre-emptive digs at anticipated reaction from opposition advocacy group?
No, we don't want a break. Do you @SenCoryGardner ? Feel free to fully step away. @IndivisibleRf @
Don't want a break. I want you to meet with your constituents.
Your whole job is taking a break from politics. What have you done for Colorado since you got elected? Here's a list.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
As upholders of the #HippocraticOath, #DoNoHarm, #tweetiatricians won't take a break frm politics until #BCRA is defeated b/c BCRA does harm
 town hall 
Want a break from politics, Cory?  Resign your post.
No I don't want a break from politics I want you to have a REAL town hall in COS!
Talking to Koch Bros is politics-talking about OUR healthcare is NOT politics-it's our LIVES!!
"Need a break from politics?  Ignore your constituents, and just rubber stamp everything Trump wants.  Still get paid."  ~ Cory Gardner
You and your staff already know EXACTLY what we want.

RESIGN.

#Nocutsnocaps #NoBCRA
You are out of your mind
The headline almost reads like "a man walks into a bar and strips healthcare from 22 million Americans"
Nah I'm good I don't need a break! If you could please schedule that town hall now--that would be great!!!!
How about a break from you ; as in permanent!
We want a town hall and your resignation
CO is sending our personal voter info to WH despite most of nation refusing to. TELL @COsecofstate NOT TO. Protect our privacy PLEASE!!!!
Did you take about #Healthcare and how you helped write bill to kill millions by kicking them off #aca ? #prolife my a¢¢
Need a break from politics? Take a lesson from Gardner and ignore your constituents calls and emails.
no, we don't actually. we want you to stand up for your constituents health care, and we want you to talk to us. thx though
No, I don't want a break from politics because THAT IS YOUR JOB, SIR.

Also, I've saved multiple phone numbers to keep calling.
NO we don't want a break from politics. We want 2 talk 2 you about Something we're all concerned with - Healthcare. When are you showing up?
No. No, we don't want a break from politics. You might, given the heat you're taking on BCRA! We want answers, and we want a town hall!
IM SURE YOU NEED A BREAK FROM POLITICS TAKING AWAY 23 MILLION PEOPLE'S INSURANCE AND ALL.
How about you start representing your constituents?  Hold a town meeting and hear what they say. NO on trumpcare. It is not better care.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
A break from politics? No, actually, the BCRA is a death sentence for many Coloradans.  Your constituents are desperate to speak with you!
Please oppose AHCA Senator. As is, it's harmful to us all.
The last thing I want to do is read an article about @VP. Are you kidding me? VOTE NO ON HEALTHCARE BILL
Vote NO on senate health care bill
I don't "want a break from politics." I want you to meet with your constituents to talk about healthcare and other issues. You're hiding.
I do not want a break. I want to know why you will not invoke #25AmendmentNow on a man unfit for Pres.
Your break from politics begins in 2020.  You're done!
Your refusal to hold a town hall means YOU WANT A BREAK FROM POLITICS. We'll give you one. Don't bother running for re-election.
“Need a break from politics? Check out this story in a politics journal about a political guy.” Can you take this back to the writers’ room?
How about them rural hospitals that will close!  Worry about Colorado and not your party!
What I want is you to vote no on the healthcare bill! Thanks!
That's so funny, was just thinking I needed a break from my health insurance as a 50-something entrepreneur.
Was hiding from your constituents not a long enough break for you?
TONE DEAF. meet with your constituents. stop trumpcare. stand up for colorado and america ffs!
wonder if they are worried about losing their  Medicaid? or perhaps their rural healthcare? and Cory looks like you're on a permanent break
You mean a break from calling your unresponsive office everyday? Doubtful.
No. No lazy! Politics includes health care and I don't want a break. I want my brother to live a full life, not die of AIDS in   his 30s.
"Want a break from politics?"
*proceeds to promote photo op with pre-screened constituent*
We are very disappointed in you Senator. Very disappointed!!
Unless you wanted a full repeal, you shouldn't be disappointed! You basically get to keep Obamacare, but blame Republicans for any issues!
Pretty obvious that YOU want a break from politics. Doing your damndest to get fired next election.

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
WE WANT YOU TO HOLD A TOWN HALL!!!
He's in STEAMBOAT right NOW meeting with select GOP til 130 and I'm too far away!
Thank you! I have a nurse friend in Steamboat-she's passionate about #ACA #Obamacare Calling her RIGHT NOW!

