Aetna CEO: Obamacare is in a death spiral and more insurers will flee in 2018 http://cnn.it/2lRp4Zz 
And your proposal is zero choices, bankruptcy and death, right?
-Another #OFA account.
Yes, by all means, the Senator should keep insisting that everyone who disagrees with him is a paid protester.
-Usually Tweets that are so baseless in facts come from #OFA or HRC supporters.
Gardner has voted with Trump 100% of the time, but thanks for playing.
-Gardner Votes the way his Lobbyists pay him to vote...here is his score, nearly equal to Udall
Sounds like a primary from the right is in order.
-Wouldn't do any good...the State GOP are 'Establishment' Republicans controlled by Lobbyists and Big Money
ACA is a flawed program due to @GOP Please stop playing w ppls lives for party politics. #HealthCareForCitizens #2020
You mean the higher premiums that are lower than they were projected to be without the ACA?
I note that @SenCoryGardner pretends that Congressional Republicans threatening ACA isn't disrupting the market.
I wouldn't mind so much if they had a better plan.
-Obviously just taking direction from #OFA there are lots of alternatives
and yet you enjoy your govt healthcare don't you? #Fraud #OneTerm #Coward #YouWorkForUs
Bullshit! they left because of other reasons like not being allowed to merge with another company
I'm paying for your health ins. You owe CO more than Aetna retweets. #bluestate #wheresCory #shameful #TownHall #80111
as the Trump admin continues to collapse, GOP senators are left with fewer excuses
you are crazy. You will be judged
It isn't like its collapsing b/c it was Obama's plan. It's b/c of all the uncertainty insurers have over what DJT will do.
If Obama Care is in a "death spiral", it's because Republicans chose to kill it, rather than fix it. Terrible.
Then fix it, don't allow the repeal, fix what we have.
So maybe fix it. That is your job isn't it?
Replace it with the heath insurance you and your peers are provided from our tax dollars! #GOPCorrupt
Well no wonder, since you and your boss @realDonaldTrump threaten to kill it. I'd be panicking too.
Where's the plan??? Years complaining, and still no plan? 80210
I hope this doesn't mean that you're wanting to take away important provisions and coverage without alternative. Scarey!
Disappointing but not surprising that you continue to listen to Aetna CEO but not your constituents or, you know, facts,
we see thru the propaganda. Instead of trying to make it work U & others have been undermining it then complaining about it.
I keep seeing ads about some great Republican ACA replacement. Where is it? Could we discuss at a town hall? #wheresCory
the ad is the replacement: imagine healthcare. That's it.
@CNN Another reason to forget about replacing and just get the REPEAL passed already!!! #NObamacare #Repeal
Man that guy is singing off the same sheet of music as you.  Buy that guy a beer!
completely replacing the ACA is reckless. Attend your next town meeting & see how your state feels about these issues.
The insurance market is responding to the uncertainty of their market being destabilized by changing government regulations.
Cory, please make sure seniors' healthcare doesn't increase.
@RepTipton health insurance cos fleeing because Republicans are threatening repeal. Biz likes stability
the ACA has been great for my family! It has provided the most comprehensive and affordable health care we've ever had.
-- Single-payer is working pretty well in most of the rest of the world.   Maybe just consider that.
-You ran for Senator on an Anti-Obamacare platform and voted to fund it from the House and Senate. #RINO
find a way to fix it rather than Kill it.
@RepTipton You two are RIPPING US OFF. We are your constituents-it is your district work period & you are MIA. WHERE R YOU?
@RepTipton SO WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT other than hiding in an undisclosed location during your "district work period?"
But @SenCoryGardner there are 10 questions you must answer on healthcare #copolitics
@CNN Senator Gardner, where is the replacement healthcare????  We are waiting!!!!!  But you are dragging your feet!
When is your next town hall or public meeting?
@RepTipton "ACA falls apart as Repugs push it off the cliff. Dead bodies below."
The House could have spent more time working out improvements instead of voting to repeal it several dozen tmes
And just what is your alternative plan?
STOP CALLING IT OBAMACARE! It's the affordable Care act. There is nothing that was voted on called Obamacare.
Do your job! Why do you have to throw the baby out with the bathwater? 81654
You'd be singing its praises if he'd won instead of @BarackObama . We're not blind, deaf, or stupid. Nor are we MUTE.
Greed in Insurance and Pharma are the root of this evil
Senator, what are we doing about replacement for ACA?  And what are we going to do about those who pollute our mountains?
I understand your tweet as implicit support for ACA's core policies.  If so, enact legislation that improves upon Obamacare!
what's your plan?  It better be really good bcz our air & water quality is about to get bad fast.!! #PollutingPruitt
Why don't you talk to constituents on the plan. Bet it's a different story. The poor can't find HSAs, what a rotten idea.
What are you doing about it? 
A month into this legislative session with full republican control, yet nothing!
#DoYourJob
Where is your solution that will ensures all CO citizens have health ins.? We pay for your health ins. Work to ensure ours.
What are your specific plans to make it better?  And for all Coloradoans and not just the few?
then stabilize it, you have the power to do that with a one payer system and get rid of insurance companies
As your credibility collapses, you'll be forced to reckon with the consequences of the next election.
This is on you now.  Stop blaming and fix it.  All the talk has to end, time for action!
How much is Aetna paying you to tweet stuff like this? 
yea, sign us all up for YOUR health coverage
You're quoting an insurance company. We know where you get your pocket money, dude.
Vote NO on #pollutingPruitt so that future generations won't be forced to reckon with the consequences of our actions.
What is your alternative?
I'm very happy with my Obamacare and was uninsured for 2 years until I got it. Most doctors recommend it.
Because Republican Senators are killing it like shooting bears and wolves from an airplane.
time to take matters into our own hands! We can org ourselves! RT and DM me to organize! #townhall @crookedmedia
if u won't hold a townhall, WE WILL. U will be publicly invited. Folks, I need help! Please DM me to get involved. #townhall
nice bit of schadenfreude. What are you doing to insure that the millions who were able to get coverage can continue?
how about those of us with medically fragile children? 11/3/20
.@SenCoryGardner .....as a result of #GOP efforts to undermine it.
who writes this BS? Do you guys laugh when you post it? You disgust me as much as Drumpf. #oneanddone
and your alternative is what?
i dealt with that for 40 years the GOP sat by and watched. U are such a failure.
Let's talk about #ObamaCare at the next #TownHallMeeting. Can't wait to see you Cory! Dress warm!
Please show us your wonderful plan. Your constituents are watching and will not forget your stupid parroting of DJT.
If R's would quit threatening the program, it could work as intended.  #refinenotreplace
single payer insurance NOW!!
perhaps if you all had worked together from the beginning we wouldn't be in this mess. You are just as responsible goofy.
because of what you are doing I may not be able to insure my employees. They are going to be sure to thank you in 2020.
How much did you take from Big Pharm, Cory? We know DeVos bought you for $49.8k.
it is starting to collapse because of the @GOP you guys want to murder me and take away my health care.
I think you are confused.  What is collapsing is your future in Politics. Enjoy your last 4 years.
As GOP and insurance companies collude to trash the ACA, Americans are forced to reckon w/ the consequences.  Fixed it.
And the Republican plan would be...
- It's been much more successful than you'd hoped, and any problems are due to Republican obstruction. You are a twit.
premium increase only affects 130k in CO, 62% of them getting tax refund to decrease premium 9%; stop the lying.
@CNN take pvt insurance out of healthcare! it adds no value & only adds cost. Stop death panels for profit! Medicare 4 all!
@CNN @CNNMoney all because of @GOP sabotage! Enjoy your 1 term! You're morally corrupt.
the ACA does work and that's why you are not able to shut it down.  Wake up.
and what are you doing about the high cost of medical coverage and prescriptions Cory?
The disruption your party is causing is enough for now, don't you think? Let's not add to the existing chaos. A respite pls?
investigate Trump and the Russian connection
Yeah, but Cory, you've had six years to answer: how do we fix this? Why so silent?
I remember high risk pools.  $1000.00 per month premiums AT LEAST, very high deductables.
have you got a better plan?
And the new rule Trump proposed today would raise deductables and decrease choices.  How will this help?
Colorado will NOT forget your DeVos vote.
SO disappointed to hear you lie. Death spiral myth is untrue  and a propaganda campaign by Republicans destroy healthcare
don't forget high premiums and few choices are the result of lack of competition- GOP and big biz demanded it that way
when are you going to impeach the Traitor in the White House?
how will you deal with all the uninsured when you repeal ACA? How does that leave Medicare and Medicaid?
Except Kaiser in Colorado -- it's been a windfall for them.
don't repeal without a plan that will support all Americans
sad thing Sen is that you & fellow R's seem gleeful at potential impact.Could have tried to improve.Instead obstructed
please tell us the secret Republican plan to fix it!!
oh hey buddy! Town hall much?
What alternatives are you proposing?
Cory, until you have something to say that sounds a lot like "impeach Trump," shut it. Russia. Trump. ACA is not the issue.
fine let's get rid of the ACA for a single payer system
you're probably in healthcares pocket too. Traitor! 
oh, 80304 #notpaidbutpissedoff
ok- so what is the solution??? Waiting (im) patiently for the plan.  *crickets* @realDonaldTrump @SenBennetCO
The mkt continues to collapse because Repubs want it to. #DoYourJob; access to care shouldn't be based on how much u can pay
When will you hold a public townhall meeting to address your constituents, @SenCoryGardner?
Your team has had 7 years to come up with a something better.  What 'chu got? 

Nothing? Oh. Perfect.
@RepTipton just like Ivanka's clothing line, no one is buying this crap.
I am so disappointed in you & your colleagues continual bashing of the Affordable Care Act. You've had 8 yrs to find a fix.
I think you were talking about the new rule for healthcare plans. http://www.cbpp.org/research/health/trump-administrations-new-health-rule-would-reduce-tax-credits-raise-costs-for …
Is this accurate?  I know people who are happy with insurance through the exchange.  Also #preexistingconditions . . .
so what's you're solution, oh that's right, you don't have one, except to pull the rug out from under us.
it is collapsing because companies don't like the uncertainty of not knowing.
it is collapsing because of the death warrants pushed on it by republicans when written.
that's a nice load of crap you've got there. It'd be a shame if something.... universal healthcare'd to it.
A public option or single payer plan will solve all problems. Of course, insurance leeches will eat less caviar.
kind of like having you as Senator?
this is such a lie, I'm over all your lies!!!
DO YOUR JOB! You work for us, hold town meetings!
I would've died w/o Obamacare-I want to hear a plan to fix it that's going to keep me insured affordably not this compaining
Nice cover but we see through it. Maybe come to CO to show us your better plan. Your silence on it speaks volumes. #aca
I kniw you got kidnapped, but maybe focus on something important  w/@SenBennetCO. GET YOUR SH*T TOGETHER!
@CNN @CNNMoney Thanks to the GOP and its dirty tricks.  Hide the ads, frighten people away, etc. SHAME ON YOU! GOP>USA
because health care shouldn't be on backs of employers and for-profit. Time for single payer.
@CNN It's a death spiral because (R) made it that way. millions of people whose lives improved will suffer for ideology.
the small non-profit I worked for dropped my coverage in 2006, my only option was $1,000 catastrophe insurance #preexisting
So why didn't you work on fixing it instead of voting to repeal it over 60 times?
it's under stress because you'll said you are getting rid of it
I hope you work diligently to improve the ACA b/c few choices better than none.  Work together 4 a solution #countryB4party
so what is your solution?
better than the nothing ideas you have
are you even allowed to watch @cnn?  Too funny where you have concerns.  All your tweets do is show your disconnect
How much did insurance companies pay you Gardner? What's it take for you to represent us? We know you won't face us.
.@SenCoryGardner As the new administration pushes the #ACA off a cliff, you will blame others for problems Trump is creating. #DoYourJob
Wake up Gardner. A majority of your constituents want to keep the ACA. You are a disaster! And schedule the town hall. Wimp!
sounds like a great time to offer solutions Senator.
way to listen to an insurance company over your constituents. #resist
. What is your idea for replacement. Your constituents don't know as you are missing.
you should have the same health care as ALL Coloradans. Step up or step aside you partisan puppet.
And your solution is??That's right it doesn't exist, how about leaving the ACA alone and  putting forth helpful legislation.
WHY DID YOU OVERTURN THE STREAM PROTECTION BILL
ACA is not collapsing, greedy insurance companies are pulling out because you allow it.
Me & other entrepreneurs had NO choices before the ACA. This isn't perfect, but it's a big improvement, don't screw it up.
Show us your plan Gardner.  What are you going to do?  Now you actually have to have plan rather than attacking the ACA.
repeal
My out of pocket payments on the exchange went down this year with the same excellent coverage on the exchange.
then why don't you fix what's wrong instead of just repealing it with no plan for the fall out?
where and what is the replacement? Will it protect my 10 year old son's life threatening conditions?
Cory continues to negelate the less fortunate in his state. Wondering if he has affordable insurance?
you might want to focus on the GOP s death spiral right now sir...
even fewer choices if you vote to gut ObamaCare
you do realize your anti-support for ACA is the reason for this collapse, right? Please don't resort to #alternativefacts.
We have your constituents in the GOP to blame for the ACA's failure...and we vote in Colorado.
it will be interesting to see how citizens fair in health care. Congress had eight years to improve the ACA, but didn't
I run a #SmallBiz in #Colorado and the #ACA has saved my co tens of thousands of $.
Not so fast, Mr. Gardner. You helped the GOP SABOTAGE the ACA.  The GOP does not have a plan.
@CNN It's not collapsing, you guys are dismantling it. Signed, non-paid protester from 80129. #ACA #Obamacare
Health insurance company Humana announced
Tuesday that it would leave the ObamaCare market in 2018--- SINGLE PAYER
Yeah let's cancel healthcare while the world burns!  Look around Cory, all hell is breaking loose and you are a party to it
why are there so many right hand puppets?
And your only choice is to repeal the entire act? Ridiculous.
And your plan is???
whatever we end up with u and ur family have to use too. Tired of you guys with all the best and making sure we get nothing
Complaints without a solution is the meaning of inept leadership. Hot air. You're always just...blowing hot air.
I find it hard to believe you had nothing to do with "higher premiums & fewer choices/" You have no plan.
work with democrats to fix it! No need to start from scratch. Keep the good for citizens and fix the bad. #ACA
Elected 2014 without ever proposing a conservative replacement - stop complaining and do something about it then.
Because Republicans refused to make insurance companies work well with ACA. Still waiting on the R replace plan
let's remember that the ACA was a Republican idea. So why do you want it replaced? Cuz a black guy introduced it? Shame
What's your plan?
Insurance companies are profit driven. How about we all get the same plan you have? At your cost.
