US Leadership abroad? Trump is despised and a laughing stock abroad. There is no leadership by the US. Haven't you been paying attention?
Cory's aspirations are to climb in the party and he will do this by stabbing his own constituents in the back. Shame on you.
Cory is bought and paid for by Koch brothers. His constituents really do not matter
Great! Now how about getting your poop in a scoop about saving millions of people from losing their healthcare,Beaver?
But have you spoken to @realDonaldTrump abt the mounting risk of conspiracy charges against key WH staff+@jeffsessions +DJTJ?
What do you know about leadership?!? Silence/"still reviewing ACA" /Silence/Not meeting with constituents/ @indivisibleCO3 @kaybaileyhutch
I came to this state to take a job in the insurance industry. If u would talk to us, we could create a health care plan that works Wanna try
Hey,  glad your smiling while trying to take away Healthcare for 32M Americans. You are sooo impressive - Not. You are a simple GOP coward
Where's your townhall Gardner? Your constituents want u to answer questions!
When was the last time you spoke to your constituents?
US leadership is an oxymoron in this administration because we have an actual moron leading it (if you can call that leading)
how about some healthcare freedom back here in the state of CO,remember us? your constituents. we do exist. maybe some day you will meet us
Resign.
So many tweets re your activities, yet no leadership whatsoever! No town halls, trying to take away healthcare, silence on WH abomination!
Just got back from the UN. I can definitively say America is not an international leader anymore. Thanks for that one...
How much did she contribute to you?? #PaidProtester
And yet #charminsoftcorygardner has been deafly silent about @realDonaldTrump colluding w/ . Gardner is a fraud! We will remember.
Might be time to shift your focus to the state you represent Cory. I think we need to talk, this isn't working out, it's you, not me.
Republicans can't get more spineless and unpopular.  A terrible healthcare plan after 8 years of bitching- & still try2blameDemocrats!
Another nut job in the TrompSwamp
Where's Cory
Resign
Did either of you understand the conversation?
I'm almost as embarrassed that you are my senator as I am by who is (illegitimately) the US president.
Pretty big smile after a brutal healthcare defeat. I'd almost guess you didn't believe in your own bill. But who knows what you're thinking.
What has Cory been promised in exchange for taking away health insurance from thousands of coloradoans?
Cory doesn't do anything for less than 50k.
LMAO. We will never have stature abroad w @realDonaldTrump in office. Duh.
Clearly, you're talkg & meetg w/everyone but those you represent...COWARD!!!!!!!! Can't wait to vote you out & wipe that grin off your face!
Cory, focus....healthcare.  Vote No to repeal. Work with Dems to fix ACA. 80439
What about leadership at HOME? You dodged a bullet with your name on it w/ the BRCA: the bill died before you had to go on record. #SellOut
Nice
We also heard you aggressively advocating for the Koch Bros and your other wealthy donor's tax breaks in a "healthcare" package.
No one cares. We care about our health care being taken away.
Time to hold a town hall and face your constituents.
Your boss undermines and belittles NATO at every turn.
Time for other Rs but not your constituents. #OneTermSenator
When will you talk to your constituents at a town hall coward?
What?  No longer immersed in discussions on train horns?
Can't wait to see your health care vote Cory! Make the wrong choice and this many be the last ambassador you meet as a Senator.
and you worked on railroad noise issues. I would go on your August recess! Too much winning!!
32 million lose their healthcare.  Nice job, creep!
Please stop running from the people of Colorado. Hold a townhall. Discuss healthcare. Get behind real solutions for our system. Do your job.
Is she from Colorado? #conmancory #russianpuppet #TrumpCrimeFamily
Leadership? The State Dept is getting gutted and the US is a laughing stock. All because of Cheeto Benito and his merry gang of sycophants.
And oh yes Cory, you are a sycophant.
Just a reminder you are not the president. Your focus should be on representing the interests of Coloradans. You. Are. Not. The. President.
#WeWillReplaceYou
I'm sitting in the UN right now, and wow. Is America ever NOT a global leader.
Colorado voter having a great day spiking the ,and thinking how you will be a 1 term weenie. Colorado voters over your D.C. Pals.80212
As long as you're "speaking," how about a town hall, Sen. Coward?
Freedom for...? Who exactly? How long have we known that North Koreans - yeah the ones without political power - are stuck there? Hm?
Be careful, Putin may tell Trump to come after you for supporting NATO
Once you take a moral stand against repeal and replace, we can discuss other thing.
Great. You know what would show leadership Cory? Holding a town hall and talking to your constituents!!!!
"Didn't speak to Coloradans about healthcare."
470+ days without a Town Hall. What a great accomplishment!
478 days ... but who's counting?
When are you holding a town hall in Colorado. Are you chicken shit? What are you afraid of? We are holding you accountable
How about securing healthcare, voter enfranchisement, protection from hostile foreign interference at home?
Meanwhile /the/ issue your constituents care about requires your attention & transparent leadership #priorities https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/52939-hr1628amendment.pdf …
Do you plan to make any public statement about our shameful president, who wants health care to fail, threatening the lives of Americans?
How about talking to your constituents about securing their health care?
What about deterring aggression right in your own town? You had constituents arrested for wanting to talk to you. Resign.
That's right Cory, "America First" #MAGA
We know who you didn't speak with. The citizens of CO you represent. Too weak and soft too take questions. #charminsoftcorygardner everyone!
Cory your ability to find photo ops is outstanding but you need to tell your intern to crop that doofy thing growing from your head.
His face?
Wow that’s some interesting reading material you got there
Obvi he hasn't actually read them! They're just there so he looks smart & stuff.
Your punking us right? If you dont want your job anymore, i would be happy to step in and start holding town halls with YOUR constiuents.
If it wasn't for photo ops, nobody would even know you exist.
You're an embarrassment to the state of Colorado. Please resign.
DON'T REPEAL THE ACA! People will die! People will lose jobs!
I REGREAT EVERY DAY I WASTED MY VOTE ON YOU
WHA THE HELL ARE YOU DOING ON THAT WHEN YOUR SPINELES BUTT SHOULD BE WORKING ON HEALTHCARE WE NEED TO PRIMARY YOU
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
WHAT DRUGS HAS THE VA HAVE YOU ON SNOWFLAKE
So, who do we need to get as a guest speaker to lure you into a town hall photo op?
Repeal and replace Obama care is crazy gardener think about it
I know you accept large donations from @BetsyDeVosED family, but you should really listen to your constituents. I spotted some downtown 2day
Crazy considering dear leaders take on things. Amerika no longer has a roll. We abdicated that to putin because YOU HAVE NO BALLS!!
You use Twitter like it's 4 square circa 2010
You had better save our wild horses!!!
When have you spoke at a town hall last?
It's been about a year and a half since his last town hall. I was arrested yesterday for demanding one. Please demand Gardner's resignation.
R
E
S
I
G
N
Leave this job, leave Colorado
Right? He had constituents arrested rather than talk to them. He might be happier in North Korea. Maybe he can go there? #resigncory
Please resign
Resign now
Resign today
Resign
