And yet, you ignored us anyway.
My voice was NOT heard by you at all these last few weeks. I am offended that u suggest those w/ voices are paid protesters.
at the end of the day, you started your DeVos statement about YOUR kids, not the kids of America, who you're supposed to rep
So you heard our voices, you just ignored them?
"We're working overtime to make sure your voice is *ignored*." Fixed that for ya.
$50K from DeVos #moneytalks
Thank you for taking our calls & reading our emails. We are very unhappy w/ the actions of trump against the American People
You're welcome! now  #DoYourJob and listen to the callers, not your corporate sponsors.
We are not paid! I am from zip 81328, and I would like at least once to have someone answer the phone.
Cooorrrryyyy!!  Where aaarrree you???
LIAR!!!!!!! 
YOU LIE! 
You silence opposition and ignore your constituents. Quit lying!
I cannot get through on your phone lines.  Perhaps you should open up another channel of communications.
The calls are going to get worse after your #DeVosvote.

@Leitzel4CO for #2020election 

#Bye @SenCoryGardner
this has got to be a joke right.
Please vote no on Betsy DeVos! We need someone who understands the importance of special education in schools.
my zip is 80016. I am NOT paid. I'm a worried mother of a child with autism.
Not in CO Springs. I have called your COS office every week since 11/9/2016 and have *never* reached a live person.
thanks so much and please vote NO on Betsy DeVos.
Yes, I 2nd that. My cousins are school social workers and teachers in MI. She's made life HARDER with Charters!
maybe harder for crappy tenured teachers but certainly not for families. #MyTaxesMySchoolChoice
pay for private school yourself.
I have.I also paid taxes for the inept schools you prefer. Have kids in both, private is worth every $
great keep paying for it yourself and leave taxes for public schools where it belongs.
a photo opportunities is not the same thing as taking calls
Start standing up against this embarrassment. We are watching.
This is a great first step. Thanks!
I've joined a bipartisan group of my colleagues to lead sanctions against Russia. My full statement: https://goo.gl/pEmPqz 
Noticed you voted FOR DeVos.  Listening to #Trumplethinskin and not your constituents seems to be what you do.
Working overtime? Hahahaha, you just voted in Sessions. Shame. Listen to us or you'll be a sad little footnote come 2020.
You've demonstrated you want no contact with constituents, labeling those who disagree with you "paid protesters"
Really -make sure our voice is heard? I know a ton of voices who say DEVOS is not qualified. But you voted for her anyway.
You do mean you're working overtime to make sure our voices are ignored, don't you?
the calls are because we want you to do what is right. You are failing Colorado
vote no on Betsy DeVos. #American children deserve  better.
you are a disappointment. You value her 'pledge'?
If that were true, you'd have a real in person town hall.
.@SenCoryGardner You are NOT listening to us. Stop making up lies about paid protestors and stop believing potus' #FakeNews
Yet you still voted to confirm the completely unqualified Betsy DeVos.  You work for us, not out-of-state mega-donors
Why bother? If we don't call with a credit card, you don't listen anyways. You're bought and paid for.
We don't feel heard. You got many calls from CO citizens begging you to vote against @BetsyDeVos. You will hear us in 2020.
quit saying they are calls coming in from outside CO 80121
Hearing is not the same as listening, @SenCoryGardner.
And why post something like this if you're just going to go on the news and say, again, that we're paid protestors? @SenCoryGardner
Because you did, @SenCoryGardner.
I was not paid either. My zip code is 80013.
Calls that you completely ignored...
Why did you even bother hearing our voice when you voted HOW YOU "WANTED"????
liar!
Vote NO on DeVos and Sessions!!!!!!
why? They will straighten out the corruption in schools and in business
apparently you weren't listening then!
Obviously didn't listen to those constituents and voted for Ms DeVoss. Sad for the educational system
I am a Colorado resident in 80014.  Your vote for DeVos will have consequences.  #1termGardner
I am NOT a paid protester.  I look forward to a Town Hall...so you can see and hear from us here in Colorado. Date, time???
And you clearly didn't listen to a single thing we were saying. #lostmyvote
You heard but didn't care what they said-Hearing is different than listening-What a shame & disappointment. No common sense
just sad that you make blanket generalizations that those who disagree with you are somehow being paid to protest.
our voices were not heard, we know that you accepted payments from #DeVos and you should be ashamed
and.... @SenCoryGardner how many against Devos? Show us. You have failed #colorado #recall
You have betrayed all of us CO parents & voters.  Who are you working for?  Clearly not anyone from CO.  Say goodbye to 2020
I am a real person and a constituent. I called, left a message. I am so disappointed in your vote for DeVos. I'll remember!
And yet you ignored our voices, claiming we were paid protesters. Hide behind alt facts if you wish, but you will regret it
Betsy DeVos is an unqualified choice for Education. Shame on you for not standing with your constituents!
how did you vote?
as your President would say, you are a loser!!!!!!  How could you vote to confirm DeVos.  Are you on her payroll too?
voted Yes for Devos and all other Trump Nominees
my zip code is 80422 and I cannot believe that you carry #GOPlies and voted for Betsy DeVos. After thousands said No!Traitor
awesome! Hope you are seeing that we are real people, not "paid protesters "!
Will you release statistics on the amount of contacts you received? Also breakdown how many for/against Devos? #YouWorkForUs
your "unlimited" voice-mail is full again!  Please listen to us CO constituents! #noDevos #NoOnDeVos #notapaidprotester
When DeVos is a disaster, 'all the other GOPers voted for her too,' is not going to be a valid excuse. DEEPLY UNQUALIFIED!
Please vote NO on DeVos and be on the right side of history! Unpaid constituent from 80503.
Listen to the calls.  Listen to the people who voted to get you to represent them.  Reject Devos. No experience. Bad choice.
No on DeVos --a Colorado Parent, not paid.  I've called your several times, only to be insulted by you on TV.  80015
@SenBennetCO @RepDianaDeGette today is the day, you must vote no on DeVoss, you know that's what Coloradans want!
if you are listening, give us a voice.  vote no on DeVos #americasfamiliesfirst
I hope you're counting those NO on DeVos calls. Every one of those will vote NO on Gardner in 2020 if you vote yes on her.
don't let that happen in CO let alone become the standard in the US. #NoonDeVos #NoonDeVos
not a paid protestor. Live in 80231. I implore you to #VoteNoDevos. MI Charter school track record is tragic.
My zip is 80433 but my area code is 269. MI to CO transplant 11 years ago. I serve my community, now serve yours #noondevos
Devos is a mistake that you will regret voting for. There are more qualified, more deserving candidates out there. #noDevos
Please show leadership and break from the Republican pack that refuses to dismiss DeVos. Your duty is to the citizens.
my zip code is 80027- I'm a worried citizen. No on DeVos.
you shut down the phone lines! That isn't you being a representative
if you are listening to your constituents then you will vote NO on the unqualified DeVos at confirmation tomorrow
We are all calling to tell you to please vote no on DeVos!
all those calls, and what is your vote on DeVoss going to be? Hope you're not just another despicable politician!
Our voice is loud and clear. No on DeVos. Stop hiding behind excuses and represent your constituents.
calls are from your constituents. I'm in FoCo. If you value education at all, please vote no on DeVos!
#HearMe #DumpDeVos
I'm a resident Ft Collins, please vote #NoDeVos
Denver resident & Colorado native. Vote NO on DoVos. We need a strong understanding of the issues. She has proven she doesnt
I am NOT a paid protestor. I'm a CO parent of a child who attends public school & I want you to #DumpDevos! Vote #NoonDeVos
tried to call several times & voice mail is full. I live in 81052 & voted for you. I am an educator against DeVos - Vote NO
you are not hearing our voice.  You know what happens when a mom gets mad right?  #NOonGardner2020
So if our voice was heard, I'm assuming you voted no to Betsy Devos?
clearly not working hard enough. Your constituents have spoken. #Gardnerisforsale #DumpDevos
I'm a constituent-do not vote for DeVo's. Following the money and your vote. CO will not accept a vote against our kids!
is our voice being heard? Or are you going to pander the one who bought you into office. Vote NO on Devos!
Hope you realize those voices are saying NO for DeVos! Did you hear that?!
Vote no on Devos.  We need public schools to make sure everyone has access to education, not just wealthy religious students
Pls #listen to the calls & your constituents http://dpo.st/2kGOZpy  cc @denverpost #DeVosVote
now if only you'd actually listen to what we're saying and act accordingly.
any chance you can post the nature of the calls you're getting? What they relate to and which sides of issues they fall on?
Please vote no on Betsy DeVos   #NoOnDeVos
I am a constituent from 80104. I'm not a pod caller or protestor. That's insulting. Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos.
CAN YOU HEAR US NOW?  #stopdevos  80904 for 35 years.
my zip 80238. Please No to DeVos. We need to do better! The unpaid public is really trying to get thru to you. #NotoDeVos
please vote NO to DeVos. She is unfit and unqualified to lead our country's children and the next generation to success.
will you release numbers re: DeVos since you're so busy working for us?
Don't let 49k from DeVos family trump CO constituents. Experience matters.  #noDevos #countrybeforeparty #notapaidprotester
Please tweet more like the head of your party does.  What's your position on #devos? #politicalactivism
Why do you ignore and discount your constituents? Why are you working so hard to be a one-term senator?
I'm a Denverite. NOT paid. WOW! No phones open for constituent? Vote NO on unqualified DeVos. A Yes shows your bad judgment
Those are calls from COLORADO residents!  Hope you're listening!
u r falsely saying those who are calling u are getting $ to do so but #BetsyDeVos gave u $50K for ur vote. #Gardnerisforsale
Our voices, CO residents, are telling you to vote NO of DeVos!

#VoteNoDevos. I'm from Boulder, CO and you may or may not have my vote next election. 80302
But I thought we were all paid protestors? I've called and never gotten a response or anything beyond a voice mail!
No you aren't all numbers go to VoiceMail.  You are a joke to say we are paid protestors! How about being an adult?
you still aren't answering, still not informing Colorado, still not listening to CO.  No on #BetsyDeVos .  She gave you $60K
listen to your calls then, NO on Betsy DeVos!
every person I know republican or democrat is opposed to DeVos
you finally figured out we have something to say
Please believe us when we call - we are not paid protestors. Say NO to Devos.
Your calls aren't from PAID protestors, they are from very concerned citizens, who want you to LISTEN to them.   Try it.
as long as they agree with you. #whomareyoukidding love the sleeves rolled up for the camera #goebbelswouldbeproud
And all your corporate donors are from Colorado, and you have NEVER taken a dime from out of state. What a saint.
can't get through, Vote NO on devoss, she is clueless! PS! not a paid trump troll
I am from Thornton & am writing you to vote NO on Betsy DeVos, is not qualified, no experience in public education
#onetermgardner
resident 80301: PLEASE REPRESENT US! Do not support the ban. It is blatantly discriminatory and racist!
VOTE NO on nomination of incompetent ideologue Betsy DeVos @BetsyDevos. American children deserve better!
I have been a school counselor for 25 years.  Please vote NO for DeVos.  She does not have the best interests of youth.
calling is impossible. I know there's no reason to trust twitter input, but seriously. .. you can't confirm DeVos. Please.
And we are not "paid" So watch your words or you'll be voted out!
No on DeVos! Registered voter in 81623. She is unqualified. Donations don't equal experience! Kids deserve better!! #notpaid
We are not paid, we are your constituents! Disgraceful that you said that.  You no longer have my vote.
Plz check your voice mail...it's full and constituents still have lots to say about zero-qualifications nominee Betsy DeVos.
please vote no on DeVos. She has no credibility and is bad for Colorado and our kids. This one's a no brainer.
no on devos, please vote your constituents conscience not your own.
No on De Vos (and I'm not a paid protester)
Hear this.  NO on DeVos!
DO THE RIGHT THING FOR OUR CHILDREN. VOTE NO IN DEVOS.  HE CAN NONINATE SONEONE ELSE. SHE CAN BE THE AMBASSADOR TO LUXEMBORG
Oppose DeVos, Sessions & Pruitt! #NotQualified
Stand with Colorado!  #notapaidprotester
PS its JANELLE PIETRZAK 81621 you can look me up!
I have called you almost every day! I am a colorado voter and I would like you to listen to us.  We are not being paid!
aren't we all just paid protestors?
please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. I know she donated to you, but do the right thing & vote no. The children of CO thank you.
Not paid, just moved to action for the first time in my life, because this admin is scary, and we need our moderates. 
of state numbers. Transplants to Colorado keep their numbers.The teachers protesting DeVos are from Colorado!!! #unqualified
show us the advertisements on Craigslist!! Have you ever heard of cell phones!! Colorado is diverse and people keep #s ...
vote NO on Betsy Devos and Jeff Sessions! Please hear/listen to your constituents.
I'm from 80524
the idea that these are paid protesters show how out of touch you are with your people!
vote no on Betsy DeVos.  Your phone lines don't work.  Am CO resident.  Not paid! 80134.
Dont devalue my input by claiming a “paid" partisan effort. I called your office PERSONALLY to urge NO on DeVos! #imnotpaid.
And you know what: we are your constituents. Stop calling us paid protestors.
your vote on Betsy DeVos will show  us if you listen to your constituents or your donors. We are watching. And we vote.
They're your constituents calling you imploring you not to vote for unqualified betsy or racist jeff. OWN YOUR VOTERS CORY.
I just called to tell you that there are LOTS of people calling Senators because we are WORRIED, not paid.
except when you dismiss hardworking and (unpaid) Colorado voters... shameful
vote no on Devos not right for education
Not a constituent but not paid either.  Stand up for kids and schools. Stand up to this crazy president. Vote against DeVos.
This unpaid Californian has been calling you...because @GOP Senators have shirked duty to vet Cabinet for ALL Americans.
not a paid protestor, pls choose country over party, real voter from 81637 - No on DeVos, No on Sessions
If we are unable to get through pls register our comments here. Vote NO to Betsy Devos. I'm from Superior. 80027.
you were elected to be a voice for your constituents. LISTEN to them. Don't blow them off and make excuses.
vote NO on DeVos. Listen to your constituents.
You should not vote with Trump just because of party affiliation. Vote what is best for us, vote NO on DeVos. Thanks!
. Please vote NO for Betsy DeVos
Be very prepared to lose your job in 2 years if you endorse Devoss.
Vote yes on DeVos and raise the bar on education. Common Core is toxic
Remember who voted for you and your job. You work for the people!
please vote no on Betsy Devos. She is unqualified! Taxpayer from 80524
we hate the policies you are backing.  #notpaid  listen to your constituents or you will not be re-elected.
80206 Gardner got $49,800 in "contributions" from DeVos Inc, then voted to confirm 03 FEB. Bribery! Recuse, vote NO on DeVos
Since no one answers your phones, I will tell you here: No on DeVos. We are watching. #2020 #notapaidprotester
the people calling, emailing and tweeting are doing so because your job is to listen to the people. We aren't happy- get it?
no one is paying anyone to call and voice opinions.  Only government officials get paid for supporting someone else's ideas.
I am an #unpaid #Colorado #voter.   No on #DeVos.   Will you listen to us, or to the #DeVos machine funding?
that is a lie
This registered voter in 80305 will keep calling. No on DeVos. No on Sessions. No on Bannon's unlawful insertion into NSC.
Only money doled out is for Senior Cowardly Garbage special interest AstroTurf arguing mouthpiece #draintheswamp
you like money from people outside the state, but just not phone calls? #noondevos 80516
I have called you three times this week. Nobody paid me to do so. I live in zip 80129. Vote no on Devos. #DeVosvote
if you were "grateful" you wouldn't write us off as paid protestors. Listen to your constituents and do your job. #noDevos
NO DeVos. Are you supporting her because of a $49,800 campaign contribution? (CO resident not a Paid Protestor)
#DumpDevos 
This woman will not help Colorado. Do your job and listen to your constituents. We DO NOT want her as SecEd!
It's called a cell phone.
you claim these are paid protesters. What's the evidence?
also cory, in this sentence it's "there are" not "there is" #grammarisyourfriend
hey show me those Craigslist ads that say i can get paid to do what I'm doing now for free
I hope you accept that just because I do not live in your state, I am nonetheless not paid by anyone to send this Tweet.
Vote no on DeVos! From your constituent in 80104
I am a Colorado resident. Not a paid protestor. Vote no on DeVos, Sessions, Pruitt. Demand Bannon resign. Be a patriot.
DeVos has an extreme school privatization plan-disastrous for our public schools. NO on DeVos!!!
You represent the people, not the party. Remember that!
I'm not a paid protestor and I urge you to vote no on DeVos.
Shame on you 4 implying citizens only care 2 speak up when paid 4 it. I'm a VTr calling sens all over b/c Devos is dangerous
We call because the decisions you make affect all Americans.
