Insurance works on the principle that the more people you have in a coverage pool, the lower costs for those in the pool.
The more people pay in, the less they have to pay in, and the more money is available for those who need it. Insurance 101!
Now imagine EVERYONE in the US paid into one single pool, instead of dozens (with limited access for many!). LOWER COSTS. BETTER OUTCOMES!
Now lets break down your statement and talk about how it just goes to illustrate how you have no idea what you are talking about:
"Coloradans are forced to reckon with rising insurance premiums and fewer choices" Fewer choices is due to corporate mergers, free market
Premiums rise because these companies have to turn a profit. They are not looking to provide good care but line pockets.
Premiums have risen since ACA due to overall US market inflation, as well as non-delivered government tax incentives.
"The Obamacare markets have proven to be a failure in states across the country" This is literally the GOP's fault.
Actually it is. It works in other countries. Will greatly reduce cost and waste. Will provide care for those who need it. Win/Win
ACA is not "socialized medicine" since it operates in the private market. Fix it. Do not pander to Kochs et al.
Very few of your actual constituents are far right Libertarians even if your (hoped for) donors are. Do not sell out Co.
Neither is supporting a bill you don't understand. #GrahamCassidyBill needs real scrutiny and public discourse.
And giving our hard earned money to TX is?
You can repeal #Obamacare and hand medicine over to Hinkenlooper but the #GrahamCassidy bill is handing our money over to TX
The 605,052 new Coloradoans covered under the state's Medicaid expansion would disagree.
The United States has the highest healthcare costs in the WORLD. It also is below average in outcomes for developed countries.
It also has the best health care in the world. There's a reason why people travel here from everywhere to get the best treatment.
Do you know what outcomes means?
Do you know what economics means?
That response litterally makes no sense. It doesn't answer my question, nor support your argument that the US has good healthcare.
Broken how? Your master Tr¥mp wants $ to build the wall, USA=a gated community now?how bout using $ for inclusion vs exclusion or relief $
Please be a Hero. Vote #noGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyKills
Certainly the $150k+ you took from insurance lobbyists won't influence your vote. CO will see your cowardice. Campaign money won't matter.
For profit healthcare does not work. Numbers don't lie. Only insurance lobbyists and their GOP beneficiaries would vote for this travesty.
I urge you to not vote on the Cassidy bill.
The new healthcare bill is worse than the last!  Vote no since it hurts Colorado!
#saysyou #trumpmonkey
Please vote YES to end Obama care. It is dying anyway. Give the people what we voted for. Make this a legal matter for the americans.
This bill would eviscerate CO. Healthcare. Damage would be immediate and profound. A yes vote is a death sentence to those who need it most.
Corporations should not be able to profit off of the healthcare of Americans. Healthcare is a right, not a luxury commodity.
You're wrong.  Stop thinking with your pocketbook and keep your mitts of my healthcare.
What are those countries doing where their outcomes are so much better than ours, but spending so much less? Oh right, nationalize it.
Yeah. It is.
We don't qualify for Medicaid but NEED affordable healthcare. Don't leave out the lower middle class older Americans!
What @panocidex said. Times a million.
Glad u r seeking a bipartisan solution. Why is it that the US  is the only OECD country that doesn't provide healthcare to its population?
Europe would beg to differ...
The rest of the world gets it why dont you Cory? 30 million MORE Americans lose care. Have you no conscience? This bill is an abomination.
There are 4 things that absolutely should not have a profit motive. 

1) Healthcare 
2) Education 
3) infrastructure
4) Prisons
YES. Thank you. Exactly.
Actually the UK NHS system works quite well, as do pretty much all highly regulated European systems.
Most of the free world countries would disagree with you.
"free market" is worse. Look to the rest of the world for proof.
Well then Corey, come up with a solution.  Repeal is NOT a fix for ACA. All Americans need healthcare, get it done damnit!

Universal health care is possible in 58 other countries, but not here? Never been a serious look at it. All options should be on table.
THIS is what you seek to perpetuate and exacerbate. Y do Americans pay more to die sooner? What's the price of your conscience?
Graham-Cassidy would mean a death sentence or bankruptcy for many.
Under this bill, pregnancy will cost you an extra 17K. Metastatic cancer 172K. Autism 5K. Asthma 4K. This isn't a healthcare bill.

Dear Sen. I could not disagree more. How much have you recd from Ins Lobby's? That is why you don't want health care for everyone! B honest
It may not be, but a Repeal of the ACA isn't either. Bipartisan legislation works - vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy bill! Think of Colorado!
This can't be repeated enough:

#GrahamCassidy will allow for lifetime spending caps a NICU baby can reach before ever leaving the hospital.
I have no desire to read your full statement on a topic you care so little about. Junk mail!
Please vote no on #GrahamCasiddy
But giving the rich more tax breaks is ok Unbelievable
So what are medicare and medicad?  Socialized medicine?  The ACA needs tweeking but not replacing with this bill w/ no guarantee on PE cond.
P.E. cond. are not guaranteed.  We should count on the gov of the states that didn't do the right thing in the first place? NO NO NO NO NO
You cannot allow insurance companies to price out those with preexisting conditions!  It's wrong, and you know it!!!!!  The GOP sickens me.
Colorado would lose $6 billion under Graham-Cassidy. Explain that to voters.
Health care can not, should not be treated as a commodity in a free-market system. Everyone! should be able to obtain good affordable care.
Senator What up?!?  Secret GOP healthcare repeal bill of ACA will cost CO $6 billion in fed funds & $78 billion long-term!
Maybe #MedicareForAll is not the answer, but #Graham-#Cassidy bill is an abomination and you should refuse to support taking millions off HC
A vital decision being compressed into 2 weeks!  Doing the right thing is hard -your decision- will it be for the people or for politics?
SenGardner, are you supporting Graham/Cassidy, a last ditch effort, being pushed through in less than 2 weeks as America's best solution!
Explain this then? You're worried about 2020 and selling of your policy positions.
Plus: ACA repeal is a Koch terrorist hostage-taking. 

Severed GOP heads will roll out the door until it passes.

…
Oh?  Is that the official position the Koch brothers gave you in exchange for campaign donations?   #Sickening #PolicyForSaleGardner
yes, it is! Kill the death panels for profit. Mimick the Danish system. Reject the new repeal sham.
Vote against Graham -Cassidy!!! Would you want it for your family? You're lucky you don't have that problem.
Then get in line with the Grahm- Cassidy bill!!!  Bernies idea is why 20 governors are supporting this Obamacare repeal!  #MAGA
The Graham, Cassidy bill is not the solution either.  Vote no!
And so your answer is just kill people. That's great Cory.
Are you going to vote for Graham-Cassidy after 2 MINUTES of debate, no public hearings, no complete CBO score? Ignorance isn't always bliss.
So, is your solution to vote for Graham-Cassidy and reduce Medicaid dollars to each state?
So, is your solution to vote for Graham-Cassidy and allow states to opt out of ACA requirements to insure pre-existing conditions?
But you think Graham/Cassidy will fix anything?  Please vote no on this bill, it is not what Colorado needs
Yes it is the solution, people are dying because of the Republicans.
I suppose stripping health insurance from tens of millions of poor Americans to benefit the 1% is the solution?  Vote no on ACA repeal!!!
#GrahamCassidyBill is not the solution to fix our broken healthcare system!

Bi-partisan way as @GovofCO @JohnKasich spoke to Congress about
I get to see whatever doc I want and I don't have to worry about medical bankruptcy! 2/2
as a CO voter living in France, I am happy to share w/ you our family's exp w "socialized" medicine. 1/2
1.3 million people in Colorado get their coverage through Medicaid; mostly children, seniors, and the disabled.  What is your plan for them?
Um, nope.
Either is the terrible bill currently on the floor to repeal the ACA! Vote against it.
Neither is throwing people off Insurance to give tax breaks to those who already have so much. #VoteNo on #CassidyGraham
Looks like the GOP just can't stand for people having healthcare. It's like you guys get a kickback or donations from the insurance company
So you're for making money off of the backs of the sick, disabled, and the elderly?
It's better than what they are proposing.
Graham-Cassidy is not the way to go. These punitive bills are getting worse so it should be easier than ever to vote no.
No to the awful Graham bill. Pls don't have your mind so set on hurting tens of millions of Americans. That's not a win
Shattering it to bits seems like a far worse answer, but I guess @billcassidy and@lesliegrahamsc know best
You may have run on this platform, but now that a majority of your constituents actually want it, please consider a change in direction!
Either is the latest GOP plan which takes MILLIONS of dollars from Colorado for the bribes they are using to buy votes.
Neither is Graham-Cassidy. It is just as awful as the other #TrumpCare plans...
Until people improve on what they eat and drink, thier poor choices will not be solved by health insurance.
You have been bought out! Sad!
The solution is making childbirth a pre-existing condition? Taking protection of coverage for dependents with pre-existing conditions 1/2
Allowing increases for pre-existing conditions? 652% for my son. 425% to all mothers! IF they can even get coverage! Read #GrahamCassidy
Calling it socialized fools people into thinking.  You are working on fear rather than facts.  It's time you leave office.
I support a single payer system to replace our broken system which is motivated by corporate profits and not personal health
Is this why?
Uh huh...
Your out of touch with a fast changing World! The term you use is nothing more than just plain Bullshit!! Single payer is the only solution!
Cory, it looks NONE of the replies agrees with you. Here's an idea - how about you start listening to what your constituents want.
Cory, you believe that because big med, big pharm contributed heavily to your warchest.
Hahaha Cory - socialized medicine works for 50+ capitalist democracies except us.

And somehow the Republicans can find a way to give tax cuts to the rich. Use OUR money on OUR health care. Quit pandering to billionaires.
Socialized medicine is in fact the ONLY answer. The only way to cover everyone cheaply is for everyone to band together. You are 100% wrong.
NO on Graham-Cassidy. Reduces fed $ to states, will hurt Coloradans & still defunds PP.  SANDERS MEDICARE FOR ALL is the way to go!
Except in every other major country where it works better than our health system.
Then stop kissing everyone in your parties ass and get to work
What is the answer, just let them die?
You just want to repeal Obamacare, but don't care how many people will die or become bankrupt because of our failed healthcare system!
Read your statement, your argument against this is that the ACA is failing? That's the point Medicare for all eliminates insurance...
We will pay more in dedicated taxes but will no longer pay any monthly bill or copay or hospital bill (like Canada). No one goes bankrupt!
It works in plenty of other countries. And well - with better health outcomes. Don't lie.
A single-payer system is not "socialized medicine" -https://www.citizen.org/our-work/health-and-safety/single-payer-health-care-all …
what do you know, @SenCoryGardner ? Socialize my healthcare!
Funny when the GOP was proposing new health insurance plans - no public comments or feedback..but this you comment on.  Find a solution!
#Colorado wants #SinglePayer. Social medicine will reduce cost and cover everyone. #MedicareForAll works great for seniors. All deserve it.
Your own state wants it, you are depending on false information while as a senator you and your family receive socializes medicine...
Letting the poor die in the streets is a much better option
It seems to work in other countries.  The US is  more interested in profit margins. Food, clothing, shelter and health aren't primary
Actually, yes, it is.
Is healthcare a privilege for those with $$? Or is it a baisc tenet of a meritocracy so that one may not be financially ruined by illness?
i guess you've never been poor and in excrutiating PAIN.  And I was single mother of TWINS then.  Thanks for thinking of the PUBLIC GOOD.
Cory, you just can't get it right, can you.
yes it is..  you are a piece of garbage sellout. how much money have you taken from private insurance companies?
Then why does it work elsewhere while our system is failing?
How much did you get greased by healthcare PAC's to say that?
Says the republican who sat on his hands for 8 years
That's why we're gonna vote you out
Lost my vote
But single payer is
doing nothing  and repeatedly saying broken system is hard isn't an answer either. Yes it is hard so get to work
For profit healthcare is not the solution!!!
I strongly disagree and feel you need to listen to your population not the corporations! Ins co profits prove you wrong
Repeal and replace.
Taking health insurance out of the hands of businesses would actually help businesses be more competitive. Single payer helps everyone.
So what is the solution? DACA before Obamacare repeal, border wall? Be sure to put Americans first.
No one except McConnell knew about it, not even you. Proving you'll vote against your rural constituents. You are responsible for ^ costs
Neither is anything you've proposed, so...
And you voted for it hypocrite.
You are a liar. ACA began to collapse when your weasel compatriot, Marco Rubio, slipped in a budget provision to defund the risk corridors.
Really, you and the rest of congress seem to like it! Hypocrite.
Why you are a contemptible senator: besides being a kiss-ass to @realDonaldTrump #WorstPresidentEver, inability to offer viable solutions.
Neither was the idiot plan you and 12 others crafted behind closed doors @SenCoryGardner
Like a Republican has a clue what to do? Really?
Is bankruptcy for citizens? NEW: Graham-Cassidy's federal funding cuts BY STATE in 2026 (in millions) 
Source: CBPP http://cbpp.org/research/healt …
Since the term "socialized" appears to scare and confuse you, maybe try listening to policy experts and your constituents. And the data.
Continuing to rape the public with health care costs and supporting the medical monopoly is not the answer! Wake up You are out of touch!
Neither is the solution to further break it.
here we go again, old buddy. You spew idiocy, offer no solutions, and I promise to vote you out of your job. #Healthcare
Fully repealing healthcare not the solution to fix our healthcare system
For full statement pls return my calls,emails,ltrs& in person msgs
We need single payer universal healthcare.  Period.  We already have it - now extend it to everyone.
Yes it is. Why are you keeping us behind all other industrialized (and Some third world) countries? Everyone deserves healthcare.
America should be probiz & innovation; this is stifled if our sharpest minds r stuck working for corps in order 2 get care. #MedicareForAll
Single payer is not a government run health care, it jusy pays the bills.
It works for everyone else. Our HC is nowhere near as good as almost all of Europe. Do you receive $ from any insurance companies?
Thanks for sharing the talking points you received from your Koch masters, but evidence exists: other countries have made it work.
One wonders if Gardner ever reads the replies to his vacant uninformed tweets.
Um, actually, yes, that would solve the problem. It's time for a single payer solution.
Getting profiteering out of healthcare would be a good start, that's for sure.  Profits for people like you and other industries involved.
You provide no facts to back up your statement. You spew broad assertions that you know will feed the gut feelings of your know-nothing base
Yes, I think it is. Look at Canada, Australia, Japan, and Europe. It works and the whole world knows it.
Senator, stop that pathetic political rhetoric! As a nation we need basic medical care for all no questions asked.
How much $ do you  take from drug companies. Give up your 'Socialized Medicine' first if it's so terrible. #Medicare for All
You don't even know the definition of Socialized Medicine Senator. Anyone that stupid should resign.
Senator you and the GOP already show you have no healthcare plans and never will. Medicare for all is the solution!
Whilst single payer may not be the answer for this country, as it isn't in most, health care for profit is what is harmful to rural counties
Universal coverage can be done w/ public private partners, but profit motivation must go. Profits should not be the goal, but quality care.
Your intractability on this is sad. Continuing to use GOP scare words like socialized and to poo  on all gov't supported plans w/o...
Providing a viable replacement is why you are bad for rural CO, urban CO, and the country as a whole. Pointing out a weakness doesn't fix it
Many of the ineffective parts of ACA are due to compromises made to get GOP on board and refusal of GOP to stand by the bill. See: Texas.
Cory, you lack vision & are about as unimaginative as any politician in history. Parroting insurance industry's talking points? So weak!
Challenge: provide one example of a successful, private profit-based healthcare system.
I am disturbed by your definition of failure. Coloradans w/ creative careers and our entrepreneurs have taken career leaps thanks to ACA
Taking note of this stance for 2020 election.
Same.
You're not the solution to our government either!  Resign...you're useless!
i disagree
Then how come Medicare is such a huge success???......
Only racists would say socialism doesn't work
We've travelled overseas - we've seen other countries. You're just flat out wrong.
That's just your ideology talking. Open up your mind to what the rest of us have figured out.
#SinglePayer is the only reasonable option. Health insurance should not be about profit.
Hmm, then how come all the other first world nations go that route?
You know nothing, Cory Gardner.
Medicare recipients can purchase supplemental insurance on free market. All you who want to buy your own still could.
A friend from a country with 'Socialized medicine' once asked me, "Why does your government hate its own people?". I wonder myself, now...
I and everyone I know on Medicare LOVE it.  Colo. voters deserve an advocate for us, not your insurance industry donors. Do your job!
A good place to begin learning about single-payer. May the dictates of your consciousness return to you, multiplied. http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-faq …
Says a guy who has the best subsidized gov't health care in America! Tell me, which insurance company is lining those pockets?? #hypocrite

Dude, are you reading any of this? So EVERYONE is wrong? You're constituents need help. Shit is real out here in the world. Do Something!!!
"anyone who thinks a government takeover of our healthcare system is the answer is not serious about finding real solutions". Gj alienating
you're fucking wrong
healthcare should not be a goddamn commodity
Your use of loaded term "socialized medicine" is intended to enflame, not lead to constructive dialogue.
Actually it is Cory, that's how insurance works.  You GOP are really a bunch of the stupidest people ever!!!
#realnews
And stealing insurance from people is?
Cory, finally talking sense after your most recent liberal partnerships (!!)...
Free market&competition are the way to go.  obamacare=$$$$$
With respect, you're not going to reduce the cost of insurance without first reducing the cost of care.
Quality, affordable Healthcare for everyone Cory - it's the right thing to do.
You are so wrong.
Study the great German system.It is not single payer,but private insurance companies who compete for business (with sensible cost controls)
Single payer may not be the answer, but for profit healthcare and insurance are definitely not the answer. Basic care a must
What do you propose instead? Full statement not read.
We do not have socialized medicine.
And yet, when you & your colleagues had a chance, & promised to fix hc, YOU FAILED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
Stop putting your personal ideology above other people's lives. This is the system the WHOLE world uses--for a reason. Such a gross response
Just go to preferred dr never compare cost with one down the street. Competition drives down costs. You don't shop for better deal you loose
Free markets drive down costs. Healthcare costs has risen for the lack of a true free market. Nobody shops for healthcare. 1/2
The rest of the civilized  begs to differ. We will be judged by how we help take care of the least of our brothers.
I read your full statement, I'd like more information please. How do prices of private drug companies factor into the prices?
Can a public insurance company fail? How does it fail? Too many people getting healthcare or not enough? Is this a fiscal failure?
The purpose of medical care being profit is a moral failure.
We already know Trumpcare is not a solution; neither is insurance company-driven health care.
