ICYMI the ObamaCare lite no healthcare healthcare plan for the rich. So in 2020 when millions lose healthcare...
what do you think the odds are of anyone voting for you for any political office ever again?  I know the answer....
it is ZERO cause I can do math which makes me smarter than your Boss. I also know who can issue a FISO warrant..
and I know if your bosses phones were wiretapped Obama had nothing to do with it. So Cory have you and your cronies....
figured out yet that Trump and Brannon have deconstructed your careers, hahaha, bet that wasn't what you thought when
Brannon talked about Deconstruction the administration.  Well there you go they have blown up your careers.  Have fun
yeah but what about the stopping the "madman in DC"? How bout a statement about that?
I almost read your statement,but then decided to give it as much attention as you give your constituents
All for stopping madmen, but start at home.  #wewillnotbedistracted
got to love a @POTUS that campaigns against China then find out China has been funding N. Korea (via coal and $$$) ....
but does not do a dam thing, nor even speak out about. Report was present by @cnbc ystrday. I notice U didn't either.
You know what I missed? Your statement condemning racism and xenophobia and anti-Semitism and lying under oath. #waterboy
how about looking at Trump's dealings with the transportation minister in Azerbaijan? Criminal offense. #specialprosecutor
I guess that "immediate response" has some alternative definition than what I understand.
ICYMI: What are you doing to stop the madman in the White House?
And, when the Madman in Pyongyang gets into it with the MADMAN in WASHINGTON, we will be in SERIOUS trouble.
How 'bout the madman in the White House? Take care of our own problems before going abroad.
When will you be impeaching Trump for violating Emoluments Clause?
He's exempt, unfortunately. http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/nov/16/rudy-giuliani/giuliani-president-trump-will-be-exempt-conflict-i/ …
what alias? Your mad man in the Oval Office destroying those. Oh, sorry, you meant Russia! My bad.
how about the madman in Washington? #impeachtrump #russia #sessions
let's stop the mad man in the white house first
good idea, also need to ignore the madman in WH about wiretaps and investigate involvement with Russia!
you need to stand up for @jeffsessions and push for cabinet confirmation and confirm @Scotus nominee. Make it happen. #MAGA
Rosenstein must commit to Spec Prosecutor at min. Really need 9/11 style comm and #SessionsMustResign
Senator, while I am not your biggest fan, I do appreciate you staying on top of this.  Yes, he is a madman.
The biggest madman in the world right now is YOUR Repub Pres. Vote to start investigation so we can impeach him!
What about latest DT Admin ties to #Russia? Flynn, Sessions, Kushner. Our National Security only as strong as @POTUS 
Once again, you said, and stand for, nothing. What's work with our allies mean exactly?
I think you should worry more about the madman in our White House.
Colorado voters are more worried about this #RepealAndReplace plan that will limit our access to affordable healthcare.
how about the madman in the Whitehouse? The same one you're aligned  with.
and the one in the White House...
how about you work on stopping the madman in the White House first?
please stop the madman in the White House as well
We must stop the madman in the WH!  I hear his paranoia made staffers turn over private phones. How does this end for us?
let's tamp down the Madman in Washington, errr Mar-a-Lago 1st. #wrongsideofhistory
What allies after the President you continue to defend alienates them all? Also hold a town hall in Pueblo, coward.
this is what you choose to speak out about? What about the disturbing leadership in your own country?
you need to work to stop the madman currently in the Oval Office.  Be brave. Stand up. Taxes/Russian ties/trump
"work with our allies" you don't event work with your constituents.
This is an important thing that the US government should be focused on, maybe you can convince your nutcase @POTUS of that?
you need to grow a backbone to stop the madman in the White House. Much more worried about our own madman.
What are you doing to stop the madman in the White House?
glad someone in our govt is paying attention
Mr Cory. Is China govt is considered to an alliance or NK n China r together? China is sanctioning SK for THADD. What's this
Where is your statement on Muslim Ban 2.0?
Thank you for your strong statement, I am just wondering whether it is really advisable to publicly call him a madman?
speaking of crazy leaders.....how about a "statement" on the one in the WH @SenCoryGardner ????
we need a Republican Leader to step up & lead to stop -embarrassing, dangerous & distrust creating actions of the President
yeah #NorthKorea is a concern, but so is your (our) guy in the White House.  An unhinged POTUS is as much if not more worry
Why no outrage re: Russia in the WH? Sessions, Pruitt lies to congress?? CO voters need a rep to keep eyes on BAD HOMBRES!!
i wish you would do something about the crazy guy in residence (at least durin week) at 1600 Penn Ave DC. He is a threat.
no need to repost the same stuff.  We're paying attention. How about a statement on Russia? #resist
whose going to stop the madman here in USA?
What about an independent investigation into Russian ties to the White House AND the GOP? Quit voting yes on everything!
impeach tRump. Then we can make America safe again.
Stop trying to look like a leader until you hold your town hall meeting and touch base w/ your constituents.
Then Trump needs to cooperate with China, not antagonize it.
why do you support the Trump agenda when you know it will harm America?
Senator...THAAD has repeatedly failed. As with the old Soviet Union, this will be solved with diplomacy through State.
you have been silent on Trump's TREASON. Were you involved?
you say angry voters are nothing but paid protesters. We are real, and know you dodged meeting with us.
You voted for a known racist. That is a vote for Trump over every citizen of Colorado and the nation.
You'd be much happier in State Dept,, Cory. Lots of posing for picture! Representing Colorado in Senate is not for you.
When are you going to explain your harmful actions?
. @SenCoryGardner What about the madman in D.C? #Trumprussia
need POTUS, Tillerman, other admin officials need to direct efforts toward this serious issue. Cyber attacks not far behind
Give us a break with these. You should be meeting with the people you represent. You are a truly awful representative. Awful
Your job as a Senator is not to rubber stamp appointees. You have failed your constituents.
and the madman in DC, what do you plan to do about him, anything?
Repeating the post while ignoring the Constituents isn't making the case better. We don't have Allies w/Trump!
No we saw it. ICYMI:
Reassure our allies? You R's w/so-called president don't reassure anyone w/your 'statements'-madmen don't read!
agreed but we also have to stop the madman in the WH too. Maybe we can discuss this at your next town hall... oh wait!
we've seen this already. What we r asking 4 is u to stand up to the madman in our White House. Where's ur statement on that?
nothing the madman in WH. With the self inflicted mess this admin has made, we are all less safe. But hey, less regs for bus
ICYMI:  you may get your wish, with a mad man in the White House. Constituents before party.
how about dealing with the madman in the WH first!!
.@SenCoryGardner Thanks, but saw this yesterday. Where is your statement on a special prosecutor to investigate the @POTUS ties to Russia?
Yet, your joker and chief has not even acknowledged it. #sad
please stop the madman in the White House.
What about the madman inThe wh.We need a ind. prosecutor.
Could it be that you are so unpopular in #Colorado that only a war can boost your popularity.  Sorry not gonna work.
ICYMI: Do your job and hold 45 responsible for his insane allegations & conduct. Stop hiding from your constituents!
How about doing something about our crazy President
Oh goody, another statement,  I'm sure that will matter.
One leader is an erratic, egomaniacal, and uninformed man-child.   The other is Kim Jung Un.  Very scary times.
can we work with our allies to stop the madman on Pennsylvania avenue?
ICYMI: Denver Town Hall...oh wait, you did miss it.  SAD!
ICYMI: You don't deserve to be called a senator or a Coloradoan...ICYMI!
Still hiding out in your constituent free zone? 
Admit DJT is a disgrace, and do your job!
#Trumprussia
What will you do to stop the madman in the Whitehouse? He seems to be the more pressing concern.
maybe you should communicate with #POTUS so he can focus on something other than imaginary wiretaps and The Apprentice host.
U r very naive! Snowden blew the whistle on NSA monitoring our communications Obama's administration door you!
what would you call someone tweeting about watergate and arnold schwarzenegger at 5am? madman?
