How abt working on Trump Agenda? Healthcare, Tax Reform, Infrastructure. GOP senate needs #TermLimits. Ppl want Trump Agenda.
His agenda is why I voted for him 
@jhnbabich @janingve @SenCoryGardner @RepTipton @rlockrocks
Thank you for standing up for our national monuments. #KeepItPublic #MonumentsForAll
Your strongly worded letter will comfort us when we lose healthcare or our democracy. Wait. No, it won't.
Compare and contrast: The shit you *pretend* to care about vs. the things CO *needs* you to care about. Talk to us Cory. Lives are at stake!
wow! the radical democrats have inundated your town halls & tweets!
PROTECT OUR HEALTH CARE, Medicaid, arts, science, environment, and cease robbing our quality of life to give tax cuts to the .2%!!!
I tried to access the site, but it was so confusing, I couldn't leave a comment in support of the monument. So glad you wrote letter.
Good!  How bout supporting the carbon tax plan?  Thx.
Well done. Now please stop supporting 45 and the atrocious agenda from R leadership and WH and cabinet.
@sencorygardner y does everything u do start with "I sent a letter" U sound so out of date I envision the pony express delivering it.

This letter is great - Hope this sentiment extends further into support for EPA, other Monuments, clean water/air regs, combating warming...
Did he send you a generic response back? That is what you do when I send you emails or letters. Oh wait, YOU DON'T EVEN RESPOND.
Without listening to constituents, how do you set your agenda?  @indivisiblefrr @indivisibleden
I'm starting to believe my own rumor that Cory is actually a computer generated image like in "Avatar." So that is why no townhalls. lol
And protecting our natural areas by supporting the #EPA?
What's your recess schedule?
How about supporting our western states and their public land treasures too?
Thank you!! 
Finally....a little good news from you!  Don't stop...you're on a roll and have a lot to do!!!
Thank you, Senator. NOW... continue to protect our public lands and monuments, please. ALSO: That "health bill" from the House? NO. NO. NO!
How about growing some balls and protect the elderly, children and the disabled who will suffer from Donny's budget. #2020
Please also protect the public service loan forgiveness program. It's a clear path to the middle class!
Thank you. I hope you do the same for Bears Ears.
What do you want, a cookie? How 'bout an actual Town Hall, you jackass?
that's a start. congratulations! read the writing on the wall and keep distancing yourself from this fascist autocrat. #agentOrange #GOP
You could stop being a rubber stamp for trump and start listening to your constituents for starters
And when are you going to stand up for the rest of the national parks and monuments?

Also don't you think he should protect American democracy and resign?

But thanks for the monument.
Finally
now send a letter opposing trumps health care and tax bills
Protecting the environment and calling out Trump's administration?! 2/2 on your last two tweets, Rep. Coffman.
Thank you!  I hope you will also oppose changes to any monuments as a dangerous precedent that threatens them all
thank you.
Thank you. We were there last February. It's awesome!
Now get to the budget discussion. Very concerning.
Nice work! Please also respect tribes from the Four Corners' states and support Bear Ears National Monument too. #StandWithBearsEars
Wish you would try and protect ALL the monuments, but it is a start.
How about protecting ALL public lands?
@sencorygardner ok I want to protect our land too - but don't you think we need to start at the top and protect America first? Russia!
Maybe he will respond to you.... he doesn't to his constituents
Thank you for this. Also more important: preserve ACA,
Social safety & prepare to impeach DJ Trump once exposed as crook
how very brave of you! how about a letter urging trump not to cut $610 BILLION from medicaid? and, as usual: REAL TOWN HALL! at red rocks.
Healthcare Corey
Thank you!
Thank you. But why is it not signed by @senBennetCO and others as well? Because it only counts if @GOP members sign it?
why not join with @SenBennetCO and @hickforco?
you trust him to care?
Country over party. Take a stand gentleman, we are watching.
What is your position on all national monuments in the US?  What is your position on the proposed budget?  2020 will be here before you know
Just attended an amazing Spec. Ed graduation.  GONE are the services under the proposed budget and DeVos discrimination policies...
"We also congratulated the Administration on their plans to screw over the poor and elderly in their budget, and can't wait to vote for it."
Great, and I will send him a letter saying that I have no rep as Cory Gardner refuses to meet with his constituents. #ShameonyouCory
Thank you Senator!
Totally cool! Can you also send a letter out to protect us from budget cuts so we can enjoy it in person rather from Heaven?
You care a bit when its your own backyard but still throw the rest of the country under the bus by standing behind  and voting for Pruitt.
Thank you.
This is an infinitesimal start, but it's a start. Country over party, please.
thank you
2020
You need to protect ALL of our National Monuments. They represent our nation's best places. Don't exploit them for short term gain.
A "strongly worded letter" I am sure. We are past letterwriting. Take action. Do your job. #80210; #notpaid.
Doesn't sound like Trump's budget is going to protect anything. Doesn't appear that either of you will either. You need to be replaced.
While you're at it, can you send them a letter urging them to stop enriching themselves, flouting ethics rules & obstructing justice? Thx.
No oil there huh?
You sure you can't squeeze some oil out of the remains of an ancient?
