It's hardly mainstream to make decisions as though it's 1789. As a woman & progressive, I object! Nix on ostrich White guys!
you already sold your soul to the devil and I won't believe a single word that comes out of your mouth!
GOURSH FOLLOWS NO LAW HE FOLLOWS FACISM EVEN HAD A CLUB CALLED THE FACIST CLUB!  DIDN'T EVEN TRY TO HIDE IT
so was judge Garland and no one would even talk with him. No to anyone until Garland considered.
Confirm Gorsuch and no one will remember you after 2020. Confirm Garland and be celebrated for saving our broken politics.
so was Merrick Garland,  you Trumpanzee
Hitching yourself to Trump's sinking weight pulls you v. far from your constituents & will be your undoing
In case you want to review the letter from Mrs. king that you missed last night, here's a link!
And your vote to silence @SenWarren (who you don't deserve to call a peer) was pusillanimous - even for you.
Why would I accept your view of Gorsuch when you voted yes to DeVos and Sessions despite constituents vocal opposition.
ICYMI Gorsuch, like Scalia, is extremely conservative and will set women's rights back decades. Womens rights=human rights
You have lost all credibility with any support after disgraceful vote for Devos. Your constituents will not forget.
Would have been good to do your job as outlined in the Constitution under Obama. #DoYourJob
that's misleading. Praise his pos. qualities if you like, but he's very consv., not mainstream
Maybe your premium taxpayer funded health care can help you with that tone deafness problem. @WSJopinion @WSJ
I agree. If only there was anything of a similar caliber to explain what makes DeVos qualifed to run DoE....
Haven't you heard? They filed a bill to abolish it right after she was confirmed. She's just there to mop up. @SenCoryGardner
eh crazy bills get introduced all the time just to prove a point. doesn't mean much until it gets out of committee
#MerrickGarland is a supremely qualified jurist,u snubbed him. Last night u voted to silence EW #ShePersisted #GOPYouOwnThis
Today, mainstream is important.  Yesterday with Betsy DeVos -- not so much.
#MerrickGarland is a mainstream jurist who follows the law, too, but you wouldn't even give him a hearing.  #StolenSeat
You owe @SenWarren an apology.
I don't trust anything you say or do. Put your $$ where your mouth is.
this is a stolen seat.
Cory, you should be ashamed of voting to silence @SenWarren. Your constituents (me included) will not forget.
When are you going to hold a true town hall meeting? You owe it to your constituents.
Shame on you for voting to silence @elizabethforma #ShePersisted #resist
WRONG Mr. Gardner. He is not a fair judge. You have failed Colorado. #colorado
so was Garland but you didn't give him the time of day, did you? Now you want to do your job???
quit rambling and have a discussion abt how you're not responding to your constituents! We demand answers!
No matter your politics, he is a brilliant man. Keeping voting for those and the rest will fall into place!
That's not the issue, Sen. Gardner. Remember what the #GOP did when we lost Justice Scalia? We do. #SCOTUS
Except that he is anti #lgbtq rights.  Please vote no.
He may be qualified but you showed you really don't care about qualifications with your DeVos vote.
MERRICK GARLAND was a mainstream jurist who followed the law. This isn't normal & shouldn't be normalized.
Remember when you put super unqualified DeVos into the Sec of Ed position because she paid you? Oh wait, that was yesterday.
So is Judge Garland.
Doesn't negate the fact that it's for a STOLEN SEAT that you helped steal from Merrick Garland Cory.
originalism isn't mainstream jurisprudence. In any other career it's known as "archaic thinking"
So is Merrick Garland.  Vote on him first.  Hypocrite.
ICYMI: Excellent letter in @WSJ making conservative case for revenue neutral carbon tax @SenCoryGardner
That's all well and good should a new vacancy open under Trump, but the Constitution gave Obama the pick.
is nobody going to talk about how he looks over 70?
It's obvious #Sessions wasn't acceptable to Fed Court 30yrs ago (King Letter).Has he changed enough to be AG?  
#letlizspeak
Where are our town halls, Cory Gardner?
horrible pick. Racist, anti choice, anti women. Its time for Gardner to go.
Only 14 opinions drew dissent from his colleagues. Right now only one opinion matters and there's a lot of dissent.
He might be a lot of things, but mainstream is not one of them.
just a reminder that your constituents are trying to reach you & none of your lines are answering. Vote no on Sessions.
#CrookedCory  Let me guess. You were paid for this too? Like Devos?
How much has he donated to you? If Education Secretary gets you $48,900, Supreme Court has to be $75k+ right?
ICYMI: you pissed off a ton of your constituents yesterday by confirming DeVos. And we don't like Gorsuch either.
AND WE VOTE! #ShePersisted #resist
VOTE NO ON SESSIONS

Why should we listen to you, when you don't listen to us?  Angry constituent here. Eager to vote you out.

