you are horrid sell-out to citizens. You're fired.
you are despicable
If they are it won't be because of you and Trump. I can't wait to vote against you in next election
...so are these some of "America's best days" that you predicted on Inauguration Day? Are you going to denounce #MuslimBan??
oh Cory, remember the days you were calling on him to step down?
You're a two faced partisan hack.
It's ok everyone deserves a second chance even u Taco's! MAGA
Gardner represents everything Trump said he'd get rid of. That's why he didn't support Trump.
I was made at him before! Will see. I haven't been here long enough to know him! I'm watching!
welcome to CO! Was just giving you grief. Have a great day! And the food trucks downtown are the best!!!
awesome! We had the gourmet food trucks in CA and thank you!
no worries! If you need any CO recommendations, please don't hesitate to give me a shout!
Thank you! @SenCoryGardner
You my fellow American should be ashamed of yourself.  I look forward to meeting you face to face in the very near future.
Most of the state, the country & the world fear that our country's worst days are ahead.  You represent ALL of CO...prove it
You are a Colorado traitor, you will not be reelected.
You will one day find yourself on the wrong side of history on this one. And Coloradans will remember.
did not mention democracy and its importance once. We will not forget.
one week in and Trump's call for unity was not sincere. He has been more divisive than ever.
no, he has divided this country greatly and continues to do so!! I live in CO and do not agree with ANYTHING he has done
Today is not one of our best days. Where is your statement on this disaster? #copolitics
I continue to believe that our country’s best days are ahead. My full statement on President Trump's inauguration: http://goo.gl/OcjgJ3 
please hear me and know that the president does not represent my interests as an American. As a CO resident!
Do you believe America is greater now than before last week? Seems weaker. I oppose everything Trump is doing & wish u did 2
Good for you-you aren't rep'g BLUE Colorado in any way. You're complicit for pretending a lunatic is sane. Reprehensible.
here's a reminder of who you work for: the people of Colorado!
The people you really work for are working!We aren't protesting! MAGA 
Pretty sure he works for ALL Coloradans. Including those who are off on Saturday or took time-off to be heard!
yes, Joe, we, too, took our day OFF from the company we own and work to be there. Truth!
your ignorance is not bliss
is this 1 of those great days? Act or go down In history & in voting booth as silent on immoral illegal UnAmerican act
Hate is not a Colorado value, these EO's NOT going over well here. #NoBanNoWall
Keep your eyes open. Ben Carson is NOT the best for anything. The wall? Waste of time and money.
please do your part for our education system and do not confirm Betsy DeVos as Education Secretary!!! We cannot afford it!!!
We have the worst education system! Kids are never in school. Out of school every other week! How can they learn?
it's the parents responsibility to ensure they are advocating for their kids education.
that's true& boy did I give the school hell 4 not showing a well rounded opinion of news.Turn the channel equally
and tens of thousands of more reminders...
I hate to tell u but u guys just live in the area. The rest of the state have jobs and need to pay bills.  @SenCoryGardner

#noDevos #StopDeVos 2 Republicans have flipped on DeVos. you really think she should get the job because of her donations?
The first days of the Trump presidency do not give us much hope for uniting the country.  Stop the BS about voter fraud...
excellent!
Only if "best days" = Goldman Sachs & Amateurs lead fed agencies they despise. Where were u when Best was defined in 1st gr?
you cannot have it both ways Trump or #Colorado Trump's Planned Elimination of Violence Against Women Grants @indivisibleden
Seriously? Seriously?
Bland. Tell us where you stand on the planet, OUR RIGHTS - LGBTQ, women's rights, immigration. FIGHT for everyone.
they will be if you can find it in your heart to fight some of these destructive nominations.  Starting with Scott Pruitt.
Betsy deVos will not support public schools. Please do not vote to confirm
What are you doing to combat the lies aka alternative facts coming from the White House?
"President Trump’s call for unity" @SenCoryGardner heard a different speech than I did.
Are you ready to be blamed for the death spiral once Trump guts Healthcare for your State, Senator?

@denverpost
he is not gutting it! Obama already did that.The middle class has a tax not healthcare!U r hysterical
Can't wait to vote you out unless you change your tune! Try COUNTRY before PARTY! Vote no to Rex Tillerson for Sec of State
Why don't you answer your constituents emails, letters and phone calls. Do we have to send a letter to the Denver Post
130k say otherwise
hope you're paying attention to the marches today senator.  We'll be paying attention to you.
"the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing"EB. Look in the mirror Sen. Gardner
our country's best days are ahead of us if you #DumpDevos and show some spine
well what about Russia? How will you deal?
Women's March January 21, 2017! We will overcome ur repressive regime!
they certainly will be if you fight like hell against the mess in the Oval Office right now.
- Fear of Ryan, McConnell, Pence and you- playing doctor with our women's lives.
- your speech was obviously written prior to His. There was no "carnage" in Denver today, only peaceful recognition of fear.
How can ppl like U get elected? Dems don't have leader?? Repugs AGREE W Trump?? Ur full of crap. Repugs will go down in 2018
requesting a town hall meeting in pueblo county
You stated on @greta that under Obama rich are richer, poor poorer & Trump'll fix it. By slashing 1% tax, not min.wage ETC?
how can you go on tv and tote the talking pts for Trump and continue false arguments about crowd sizes? Constituents ashamed
How does it feel to sell your soul?  Just curious.  Party over country, for you.
fyi
It's kind of hilarious listening to republicans talk about their hopes that time will not be wasted on Trump's nominations.
Hope you are watching the rallies taking place. Women will be a formative voice.  We do not agree with Trumps agenda
Senator Gardner, I trust that your Christianity will not allow you to destroy American's healthcare or violate voting rights
if you support the Hydrant, then you hate the American people. #notmypresident
our best days are ahead but know full well you will have no part in shaping them!
damn right they are!   Started today!!
Our honorable @SenCoryGardner on the new President. His feed has been erased of his pre-election denouncement of Trump.
seems that this http://www.denverpost.com/2016/10/08/political-fallout-continues-trump-vulgar-comments-women/ … never, happened... eh, Mr. Garner?
Or perhaps @SenCoryGardner has changed his mind and is now in favor of the kind of misogyny he so meekly denounced.
Do not accept the non-representation of collaborators, Colorado.
he represents me and my neighbors just fine. Thanks@sencorygardner MAGA @yellow 
Public Senate hearings investigating the Don collaborating w/ the Vlad would be better, if not best, days.  Gonna help?
Lets see actual plans that support that thinking, for ALL Americans, not just the top 1%. Don't want another Bush Jr period.
help us get there by rejecting Scott Pruitt as EPA secretary
And what about my question about health care ? Waiting for and answer
I thought you weren't voting for Trump. Remember this?
You won't be reelected if you support Trump
Don't give away our Federal lands! https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/jan/19/bureau-land-management-federal-lease …
wow, still haven't heard from anyone in your office. Guess we'll just show up on Monday. Glad other reps were responsive!
Cory! That was a HORRIBLE SPEECH! This country is deeply divided and you better take note!
Trump is a TRAITOR. OUR BEST DAYS ARE HIS ARREST. #NOTMYPRESIDENT #TREASON #TRUMPLEAKS #PUTINSPUPPET
how about ur 41% proposed cuts in Medicare and Medicaid? Or the 8% cuts in social security?
It's ok we will keep you in. Excellent work on supporting our new admin. @POTUS bravo 
It's time for you to put country before party and donors don't you think?
Corey it's saddens me  to the core you've become such a part of the establishment.. Start serving the people
Corey you have been a great disappointment your tweets about Trump are unacceptable it's time you get your act together
Considering #Trump insulted every #President & every member of the House and Senate we can only hope your belief is accurate
well said Cory, proud to have you you represent our great State
Senator, you have a duty to hold the incoming administration accountable for foreign collusion. Also, answer your phone.
Coloradoans wnt to knw wht u will do to protect healthcare.ACCESS is not coverage,if you hv enuff $ you've always hd access.
When does capitulation to Russia begin?  Baltic States?  Ukraine?  Sanctions?
Thank you for honoring our American heritage. We are praying for you here in Cortez!
Our country's best days are ahead only IF ppl like you have the courage to put country over party. Are you capable of that?
if you and the Senate don't investigate Trump, you are complicit in his crimes against the US and the Constitution.
Don't be a coward. Stand up for our country. Represent the people. Not private interests. Not Republicans. Americans.
If continues to be divisive if both parties retreat to their corners, hide from their constituents & squabble like brats.
All Hail Comrade Trumpf! 
*As long as you are a White Male with a lot of money, you will be fine.
Country over party. Please take a good long look at what our trusted IC is telling you. Look at T's ethics, COEs and history
save the Affordable Care Act.
As long as you don't place unity over what is right.  There are so many things that you must fight on.
