Do "expensing" for US manufactured capital investments. Don't exempt offshore incomes.  Corporations should have a higher tax rate than proprietorships.  And for pete's sake, what are the thresholds of 'simplified' tax brackets?
Upset about GOP plans to give tax breaks to the rich and to corporations? Here’s your chance to  let @SenCoryGardner know.
Tomorrow at 10am MT, I’m calling my constituents to discuss tax relief for Coloradans. Sign up: http://gardner.senate.gov/live  #GardnerTownHall 
Yesterday I heard him claim to have met with CO farmers whose primary concern was repealing the estate tax.

*Tax relief*? $60 for low income earners is like throwing paper towel rolls at hurricane victims. http://money.cnn.com/2017/09/29/news/economy/gop-tax-reform-middle-class/index.html … #copolitics
You’re aware that the plan outlines that the first $24K isn’t taxed right?
Instead of cutting taxes for the wealthy, how about some gun control? Colorado has had high-profile gun massacres: Columbine and Aurora. Las Vegas shows us how much worse it can get. Are you seriously going to do nothing to prevent more?
He is drinking the kool-aid and no longer knows what #dotherightthing means
.....this 100% doesn’t count as a town hall, bro
The tax plan does not calculate what expenses real people have with #Healthcare #college
So glad you schedule these meeting during normal business hours, your Super Pacs must be so proud of you!
Is your contention that repealing estate tax so wealth disparity becomes even more severe helps ordinary citizens?
Is it @tedcruz's impression that non-rich people occupy estates worth $5.5 million? https://twitter.com/tedcruz/status/920825239646494721 …
You better work all night then because the current Fake Tax Cut Plan isn’t going to fly, Cory.
10 am? Tomorrow? You obviously don’t care about your constituents. Most of us work. 
Tax relief for Coloradans does NOT come with tax cuts for multi-billionaires. VOTE NO on the latest attempt to screw over the middle class!
I call you every day, yet you never answer my call. When will you wise up that Coloradans want the ACA?
I’m a Colorado Democrat and I don’t want ACA. In fact I want ACA repealed. ACA doesn’t make sense. Makes insurance companies rich.
The plan you are pushing gives no real  relief to the vast majority of Colorado payers.
When you give tax breaks to the wealthy, you're sucking $ out of our system. These folks don't want RISK, they want capital preservation.
That is some pretty short notice. I guess you don't want anyone that has a job to show up.
Please explain how elimination of the estate tax ( for estates over $5 million) will benefit your middle class constituents.
For the rich you mean smh
Keep the Estate Tax! Majority of the rich don’t care n we need their $! They admit they won’t reinvest it! Only Trump complains about it!
Whoops! This was a lie. Again. Started late, ended at 10am, screened his calls carefully. This clown has got to go.
And stop calling these stupid rehearsed phone calls #townhalls #worthless
Sign up for WHAT? Nothing!
Unless you disavow 45's trickle down bullshit, "tax relief" is a meaningless buzzword hiding your plan to give cuts to the wealthy.
Do something that recirculates $, helping many, instead of tax breaks for the super rich, only benefitting the few & driving up debt.
What you really mean is tax relief for your donors that don't need tax relief?
Amen! Trump PROMISED Term Limits to keep from Donors make them rich! Out after 4-6yrs! Public Service s/b why u serve not $! #TermLimits?
1/ I want to keep paying taxes for roads, schools, education, healthcare, law enforcement, fire fighters, scientific research, military etc.
2/ I do NOT want, under any circumstance, for the super rich to have one penny more at the expense of any of that essential infrastructure.
I've totally lost faith in you. I've met a lot of nice staffers who say they'll pass things along to you, but you've got no ear for voters!
Why can't you just hold a real town hall like a normal person?
Why not hold this when working constituents can attend?  Pls do not vote for deficit expanding tax giveaway to rich.
Remember when Team Trump promised the rich wouldn't benefit under their tax plan?

80% of the benefits go to the richest 1% of Americans... 
You mean tax relief for Billionaires @SenCoryGardner?  How much do you stand to make from this Disgusting tax bill?
I WORK at 10.NO on budget that steals from Medicare/Caid to fund 1% tax cut. Std.Ded. increase not enough.KEEP estate tax! Keep Earned Inc.
some of us that pay taxes,  will be at work at 10:00 am.
I signed up. I will take my lunch earlier. I will report back. Doubt I will get a chance to respond-reciprocal conversation
Nope, you're going to try to sell us on the #TrumpTaxscam. We've done our research and ya know what? Trickle-down doesn't work. So no thanks
We need relief from Senators who care more about their big donors than their constituents.
Tax relief for the rich is not the answer (and btw I would benefit from the currently proposed plan).
Nothing good in legislation can happen without regular order and compromises
Nothing else really matters at this point.  Why are you all complicit? He is a monster
What I and my husband, as your constituents want is for you and all Republican congressmen to address Trump’s unfitness
Please fund CHIP. Tax relief wont matter if my kid doesnt have access to healthcare
Can we to you about taxes not during work hours? Happy to pay my share for health care, education, etc. NO breaks for the top 1% or Corps.
Are you even a real person?
10 AM seriously? Those who pay taxes happen to work. Or did that little fact escape you? Must be nice to be bought and paid for by DeVos.
You do realize that people have jobs? Yet, another one I can’t listen to. 11/3/20
Vote Gardner out if office then vote him out of Colorado his only goal hurt his constituents and enrich Cardboard Cory.
Cory Gardner, like his boss, wants to hurt Coloradans as much as possible Catdboatd Cory not right for CO. Gardner not right for the US .

The puppeteer (Koch/Mercer) that has their hand up your ass giving you that pasted shocked look....will they be in the room too? #CoryMercer
Why waster your time? You don't care what your constituents think, all you want is the money!
You are a complete sellout for your constituents. Never really listened to any concerns of people . We need this health care insurance.
Why don't you deal with this first Prioritize  something that will actually help your constituents 
#ProtectOurCare
This bipartisan deal had input from patients, govs, hospitals & majority of Senate members & we should get this done https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/10/a-bipartisan-obamacare-breakthrough/543177/ …
Tax relief is the least of my concerns, Senator. Please be available & accessible 2 Coloradans who are concerned about their healthcare. #in
Here’s a thought, RAISE taxes on the 1%, LOWER taxes on middle class, keep funding ACA, and keep your nose out of my healthcare decisions!
Your tax plans are a joke! Minimal if any savings for middle class but big breaks for the rich and corporations.  Traitor!
Can't make it. Working. In the meantime, you can refute this:
We must have more choice... real choice! SIGN to show your support! Be heard! #Resist #dropthehammer  https://www.ouramericainitiative.com/pledge_to_dropthehammer?utm_source=tweet&utm_medium=Twitter&utm_campaign=drophammer&utm_term=launch&utm_content=10_16 … @Scotus
How about debt relief for our country instead?  Or call it what it is “Borrow more to give to the rich”
I have #CysticFibrosis in hospital now!
WE all worried about our care
CO has largest # of adult CF patients
What are U going to do for US?
You and the 'emperor with no clothes' want the rich to get richer.  We are the people that made them rich. Now pay up.
I sent in my opinions in this survey against and you sent me a reply thanking me for agreeing to this tax reform. How dare you?
Majority of CO doesn’t need tax relief.We need better value for tax $.Stop politics of tax cuts.Use tax $ for more societal benefit
Health Care Tax Credits for Working familes, Women, Kids and Dads to help pay for medical supplies to offset deducitibles. This is a winner.

Remember, your constituents are NOT the wealthy! Trickle down doesn't work... field calls from everyone, not just to hear what you want
Cory, grow a back bone. Telephone calls ARE NOT a town hall. Every vote you cast to support Donald is a betrayal to Colorado.
Stop. Just stop. Deal with the dangerous incompetent in the WH and start saving, not destroying, lives. Taxes can wait.
Why don't you stop sucking up to the GOP and actually do something the residents of YOUR state want.  #GunControl #Healthcare #stoptrump
As a Republican he’s sucking up to the GOP? Maybe he has similar beliefs and principles...
lol, like you listen to us!
More deficit exploding failed tinkle down economics. Move to KS, we don’t need your give always to rich and corps.
@SenCoryGardner be like @SenFranken “I host a breakfast for Minnesotans visiting Washington every Wednesday...”
I host a breakfast for Minnesotans visiting Washington every Wednesday when the Senate is in session. Thanks to those who joined me today. 
You silence dissent. On a phone call you can minimize to ground swell of opposition to views you hold. We know it, you know it. Shameful
I'm sorry Senator - as a tax paying Coloradoan, I will be working during this town-hall. Will you be holding another one? #doubtit
Trump plan is unacceptable. Wealthy must taken on a bigger tax burden. There is no debate on this.

PLEASE ADDRESS HEALTHCARE NOW!!!!
Where’s Cory
Keep defending Trump and keep getting nothing done....also watch your reputation go downhill. Everything Trump touches dies- can’t see that?
What are you (Senate) doing about guns in America I think universal background checks and gun safety laws also mental health check
Thank you. I'll tune in.
10 AM? So, when taxpayers are working and can't chime in? Wow! You really are transparent! #GardnerTownHall
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/cory-gardner/ …

93.9% "Trump Score" You do not represent us at all!!
Why? You don’t listen to us. Just got your letters on two of my concerns: Tax cuts for billionaires and Arctic drilling.
You don’t care that many of us will be hurt by this bogus tax plan
"Thrilled to hear my dear leader, @realDonaldTrump , tell off the widow of a fallen soldier.  She should suck it up." ~ Cory Gardner.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
including seniors when you cut Social Security and Medicare to pay for Donald Trump’s tax cut.
Please start by opposing the budget (vote is tomorrow), which increases the deficit. Wrong priority for fiscal conservatives.
You don’t care about the environmental disaster that will occur with drilling in the Arctic wildlife preserve.
Until Trump releases his Tax returns, I will support no effort to work with him or his surrogates....

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
Can we discuss your support for Trump? How low will you go to pass tax reform?
Your response is in lock step with Crooked, Lying Trump. Senator Gardner, I believe you will go down with the ship.
How unimpressive .....they told you to repeal & replace ACA you didn't. You Failed. Don't blame anyone else YOU ALL FAILED  shut up& fix it
Are you some rarefied elite who cannot deign to mix with the common people?
You mean tax relief for the rich, and less public funding for essentials for the rest of us. Be honest please.
This is not a town hall. Stop calling it that.
Cant make the call, l'll use my 280 to tell you how Id use Xtra $ from tax relief:
* On tires/car service because infrastructure not funded
* On Doctors/pills because healthcare not funded
* On Therapists because mental health not funded
* On Teachers because education not funded
A minor note. I’m amazed at people who want to pay $100s for new tires/alignment instead of $10s more taxes.
Will you defend your decision to endorse bigoted, homophobe Roy Moore to us?
Tell him what he's won (T)!
We would prefer that you come and talk to us in person, Senator
Well, considering the last one he had scheduled was cancelled "and different date will be announced in the near future"... was a month ago
A more appropriate conversation is demanding Sessions be held in contempt of Congress for failing to answer questions under oath!
Also, you need to demand Trump’s taxes for the last 20 years! A man who evaded taxes should NOT be allowed to negotiate tax reform!
Are you supporting Trump’s tax breaks for the rich? He’s really draining that swamp eh?
Will you cancel this one as well?
Coward.
What happened to your in person TH in Pueblo? We know you will vote to give tax breaks to the richest 1%. It's what your donors want.
Still afraid to meet face to face? I can't imagine why...
