If you love being out #west then commit to its protection.
Zinke, that snake-in-the-grass? This is who you're hanging out with instead of your constituents? SHAME. No good comes from Zinke.
He threatened Sen. Murkowski - is he yanking  your balls now, Gardner? It would explain your spinelessness.
Nice way to become part of the Trump mob, Ryan!  Nice choice of friends, Cory. 

@lisamurkowski
This is how a mafia boss would think about government https://twitter.com/ddiamond/status/890517621766074373 …
Did u notice @RockyNPS like many NPS are underfunded? Did u notice 5 mil+ visit the park annually? Did u notice Americans <3 r #publiclands
That's a rare feat, Mr. Zinke. If you were one of Sen. Gardner's constituents, you couldn't get within a mile of him. #GardnerTheGhost
Unless your last name is Anschutz. Then the senator has tons of time.
Good thing that you r enjoying it while it lasts. Amazes me how many tree hugging photo ops U squeeze into a walk in the woods. #copolitics
My sister w/ special needs LOVES national parks, we've been to almost all in the region! too bad her Senator doesn't give a damn about her.
So glad the @GOP  Healthcare bill was defeated u SOBs. We will not forget what u tried to do to us.
Please stay away from the west you are destructive enough!
Voting for the awful hard-right ideologue #trumpcare bill against what an overwhelming majority of citizens and stakeholders want? Hope not!
I guess you threatened him too, so that is why he continues to vote against his constituents wishes?
You both are radical conservative terrorists that are destroying America and killing Americans. You are despised by everyone
Protect our national monuments too!
You need to vote NO! On any the mysterious GOP healthcare bill!
Too bad @SenCoryGardner  is not friends with Colorado. We need a town hall meeting an a NO vote on healthcare repeal.  #wherescory
If you’re buddies with this grifter, Cory, you’re not really for the environment. You get that, right?
#ThrowThemOut
Sleazebags stick together. Whoopee doo
@SenCoryGardner maybe you could hold a town hall while you're in town. #wherescory
Please leave. Resign. Quit. Leave.
Hey Cowardly Cory, going to let us, your constituents, know how you stand on taking our healthcare away? Or continue keeping it a secret?
Too bad he can't address voters
Nobody really enjoys spending time with @SenCoryGardner.  He is a Trump pawn who can't think for himself.
We don't know if Cory can think for himself because he's afraid to ever take a stand on anything substantive. #TrainNoise. @denverpost
Cory - THINK!  Don't vote on yes on MTP -- for a bill that has not had any public discourse.

@GovofCO @AARP
It is a mistake for the Senate to proceed with a vote on Tuesday. 
Zinke--you and @SenCoryGardner love nature the way pine beetles love pines
Cory your constituents demand that u vote no on the healthcare repeal. If you vote yes for it & it passes, it will hurt Coloradans
scoping out future oil well and fracking sites?
Hope you discussed importance of nat parks & that they're ALL worth protecting, tell us Cory's stance on that - he doesn't talk to us
Were you guys discussing ways to fuck over the poor or kill the elderly? Asking for 23 million friends...
Can you tell him to hold a GD  town hall for his constituents? Maybe he'll listen to you.
http://www.npr.org/2017/05/23/529741146/this-land-is-cut-under-trumps-budget …
Are you guys just enjoying this beautiful part of our state while it's still there? Where's your support/protection?
Did you finish picking out the drilling sites?
Nice, until your lead ammo and drilling and methane destroy our national parks. Resign and begone.
Did you ask about health care? If so, did he have you arrested like he does with his constituents? @SenCoryGardner, please resign.
You're destroying the West you 'love'. Better if you resigned today.
You've talked to CORY?!? Let him know I want to talk about America with him. It feels important... thanks 
Hey Corey "one-term" Gardner - how about spending some time protecting our country from Trump administration's frightening ties to Russia?
Then why are you trying to give it all to big energy.  Your policies do not match your words.
"Trump's Interior Secretary Attended Oil Industry Meeting at Trump's DC Hotel" https://www.citizensforethics.org/trumps-interior-secretary-attended-oil-industry-meeting-trumps-dc-hotel/ … #GOPShame #GOPComplicit #BigOilBuddy
Sure wish I'd known you were here... Would love to know how much land Cory gave away for your drilling buddies. Is RMNP still there?
To bad Cory doesn’t have time for his constituents. No town hall. Doing trump’s bidding. He is a radical conservative terrorist.
Gardner is a tool who doesn't care about the environment. I guess that's why he's your friend, huh?
Vote "No" on Trump care.
2020
I suppose the positive is, if you are out hiking you can't enact more terrible policies. How long can you hike, Cory?
Did you teach Zinke the oil well shuffle ... ?
Hey Cory - what's up with GOP undermining #aca ?  #copolitics @denverpost Come out on record against this!
Trump is shutting down ACA call centers. He's trying to MAKE it fail, making it harder to get coverage on purpose. http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/20/trump-administration-scraps-obamacare-signup-assistance-in-18-cities.html …
You guys got to enjoy it because they're PUBLIC!! #MonumentsForAll  #ProtectOurCare -- ACA!!
Lovely! Now let's get back to healthcare, listening to your constituents and protecting our lives. #protectourcare
Did y'all go shoot some horses cuz you're big bad men.Would you shoot this girl? She works with vets now, prolly should've killed her, huh?
Why don't you convince him to spend some quality time with his constituents!
Those people on the trail coming toward you?  Kick them off their health insurance to MAGA.
Where's Cory we have missed him in town hall meetings. Do you have insurance Ryan? Any pre exist conditions? Kids with spcl needs?
Did cory show u the stream where they dump coal waste in, just be sure to thank him for his vote to allow this.....
How did @SenCoryGardner react to constituents in the wild? Do he run away screaming out of primal fear?
*did
Looks like you had them clear all the Coloradans out so you wouldn't  be bothered by pesky questions from constituents.
"So proud to stand with Cory in denying climate change and selling out our country to the oil companies." ~ R.Zinke
Let Cory know for us that he's never getting elected again.
Oh no! The beetle infestation was bad enough. Now we have an infestation of lying and gutless GOP hacks who are destroying protections.
Did you guys talk about the effect of climate change on the pine beetles killing trees up there? Warmer winters = longer breeding periods.
Hey bozo!  It's RMNP to you
Hey Zinke- anything here in CO to shoot or ruin for future generations? Decisions, selfish or not, = consequences on US
Can you ask your friend Cory to spend some time with his constituents?  Thank you for your help!
You wrote a voter and said that you support Mueller's "investigation into Russian meddling".  But that's not what he's investigating, is it?
He's investigating Trump and potential collusion with the Russians. Why don't you come out and say it?
Probably wearing wingtips. Come and climb a 14er with me and let's look at the pine beetle infestation, exacerbated by climate change
So glad Cory has time for you, he doesn't have any time for people who stupidly elected him.  Do not destroy either ACA or Nat'l Monts. SAD
Cory is silent while Trump truly tries to undermine #ACA  its the law of the land!
Trump is shutting down ACA call centers. He's trying to MAKE it fail, making it harder to get coverage on purpose. http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/20/trump-administration-scraps-obamacare-signup-assistance-in-18-cities.html …
While I'm all for enjoying our public lands, I wish @SenCoryGardner would meet with his CONSTITUENTS instead, for a change.
Hey, great! Did you discuss whether or not firing Mueller is a red line, or will character and integrity remain in escrow?
Wow, this is where Gardner is? Tell him he needs to hold a town hall with his Constituents in CO - there's some things we need to discuss.
Hold a town hall Cory. You don't deserve to be our senator. Resign.
casing the joint?
Were you able to talk @SenCoryGardner into holding some town hall meetings?
"Out west" needs proactive protection, defense and funding to keep our public lands public!
OUR Public Lands shouldn't be up for debate or discussion. They should be PROTECTED. #MonumentsForAll
I so want you out of politics.
good evening sir
Stop trying to destroy it then!
Could Trump dismantle the American West? — High Country News
Trump's Budget Cuts Land And Wildlife Management Programs : NPR
Trump proposes sharp cuts at Interior Department while pushing for more drilling on public lands -
Trump budget proposes big changes in Forest Service, Interior spending |

Do not drill/frack/etc. on our public lands. Leave our public lands as they are- #forthepeople .

I’m not backing down. I'm going to keep standing with New Mexicans to protect our National Monuments from the Trump Admin. #MonumentsForAll 

From sea to shining sea, Americans agree! 2.5 million+ comments stand with our
#MonumentsForAll: http://bit.ly/2uaesgA  @SecretaryZinke 
https://mobile.twitter.com/ForeverLogical/status/886414206425104384 …
