now you care about over regulation. I believe you're taking a Libertarian stance on this. 
Seems like you like this Obama era regulation even though you think you're a libertarian.
Obama was pretty conservative during his first term, but that didn't bode well with Mr. Soros as evidenced in @wikileaks
This is not a conservative regulation (oxymoron?). It's a liberal consumer protection regulation. Liberals & Libertarians both like privacy.
I'd prefer to say it's a constitutional issue. If you think we have privacy, you haven't been paying attention. #Vault7 #WIKILEAKS #CIA
- nobody will ever write a book about Gardner's profile in courage. Yes man. Plays it safe. Always for sale.
we should start a go fund me. Maybe we can by him and force him to represent CO not special interests
- that's actually a good idea.
Yet you sold our privacy down the tubes. Your full remarks and your own history (whether you want it or not) will be ours. How's that feel?
You don't respect your constituents and their best interests. We do not respect you. We will hold you accountable
should have spoken about how you cleared the way for our data to be sold. Don't worry, your data is getting sold too.
Yet you still vote lock step with #45. Grow some balls @SenCoryGardner and vote with your constituency in mind, not your $ campaign donors
How much did Comcast pay you to allow them to take my personal information?
around 95k from all ISPs combined. Works out to be a little less than 2 cents per citizen of Colorado.
Speak to the border patrol that ask for the wall for their and Mexican protection but your no law mil experience u know better disappoiting
I will keep saying this as long as you vote the way you do.  If you cared about agriculture, you would care about climate.
you put Corporations over people
you're a disappointment
That would be great if you weren't also working to destroy their ability to farm through climate harm.  #wearenotimpressed
that was deep. Now how about climate change, Russia, you voting to sell our internet browsing history, and kill wolf pups?
I don't even think Koch Brother money can save you next election. #getCoryOut
How many of you that tweeted on this post are actually affiliated with Co. agriculture? None, I'm guessing.

$95,000 you were paid to sell our online privacy Get your resume ready You don't deserve that job Traitor
does it matter when trump is killing the EPA
you sold us out to the ISPs I will vote for anyone but you when you are up for election
won't mean much Sen when climate changes our ability to farm.Rollback of EPA regs is wrong.
I'm glad you support agriculture. Where do you stand on the President's EPA EO?  Tough to grow food in a destroyed land.
what are the farmers going to do when the water's polluted and the air is full of crud because you didn't stand up?
Stand with @SenBennetCO to rescind @realDonaldTrump anti-climate order.  Climate change is bad for Colorado Ag.  #standup
Why did you vote to end OUR privacy on the internet? I expect U will vote to end net neutrality too! 
Why are you aiding the Tromp Abomination in destroying our planet? #deplorable
how about instead of speaking on the senate floor. You come to congress park in Denver and hold a town hall?
Sooo... how's that #hemp production coming? You're on board with that obvious Grand Slam, right? @SenCoryGardner
come on?!!! You are a trump lackey that cares not about the unique qualities of the mighty CO!!!!Zero leadership!
you also voted to make our browsing history available. Shame on you.
Did you also speak out on selling our privacy to line your pocket??
Are those your actual thoughts, or did somebody pay you to say it? Everybody knows you're easy to bribe.
Trump's budget cuts are bad for Colorado agriculture, vote no and negotiate more money for domestic programs
I don't respect you, I don't like you, and I will never vote for you. You may represent Yuma, but you don't represent CO.
You sold our privacy rights for a mere $95K. I can see how much the ppl of CO are worth to you. I can't wait to vote u out!
Cory we also have COBANK IN greenwood village isnt being Good to our farmers in Colorado as well
i'd rather not. but i WOULD like to see your remarks at a real town hall.
Thanks for selling us out to the telecommunications companies. You don't deserve the right to serve this state.
where's Cory?
no...you're a traitor and should not be listened to. You should and shall be voted out. #resist
great, now can you do something about trump-russia, nepotism in whitehouse, and climate change? Shameful
You voted to keep Trump's Tax Returns HIDDEN. That will NOT be forgotten. Your time is rapidly running out.
You voted to allow my personal information, including browsing history,  to be sold w out my consent. I will NOT forget that
your vote on the Internet bill today is very disappointing.
Will you be working to protect the environment that makes that possible & stop climate change or was that just lip service?
unless the video includes the quote "I Cory Gardner resign from the Senate effective immediately" I have better things to do
if you truly supported agriculture you would do the same for the environment. Take a stand and use common sense.
Don't need to watch. I'll find out what you're up to when I purchase your personal info without your consent! Thanks.
BRILLIANT!  I'll pitch in some money to help!! Lol
Colorado needs clean air, water and soil to be an #ag leader. You're a worthless sellout, and a traitor.
Given this it;s amazing you found the time to sell us out to the telecom companies so they can sell our personal data! 
Cant wait to vote you out
Your yes vote on s.j.res 34 tells Coloradans all they need to know about you. You will be replaced.
and meanwhile, Rome burns while you fiddle.
This is what y'all are tweeting about this week? You need to get real about communicating with your constituents.
our agriculture and tourism industries are at risk from climate change.  Perhaps you should speak about that.
.@SenCoryGardner I’m sure the local agriculture businesses appreciate what you’re doing to screw the environment. Clean water? Air? PSHAW!
you're just a Trump puppet.
wish we would hear leadership from you on Russia investigation
Gorsuch is unfit for the court, shame on you for selling out my data, and we would love a town hall with you
Great BUT *urgent* to protect air, H2O, land against fossil fuel, DJT&Russia, BAD to confirm Gorsuch
For a fucking wall? Absurd
THANK You. CAN I ask you to ask for independent prosecutor for Trump-Russian connections.
by halting funding for clean water business services, statistical services and staff
Trump has proposed slashing USDA $4.7 from it's budget
Filthy sellout
You sold your constituents down the creek on ISP Privacy.  Kiss your political career goodbye
funny you talk about others leadership but you have no leadership can't wait till 2020 #oneterm
great! But with all due respect no one cares. That our country is a dumpster fire led by a corrupt orange is more pressing
You know what is central to agriculture production?  CLIMATE !! #recallcory #onetermsenator
if being conservative means taking accountability, then I suggest you immediately hold Trump responsible for treason.
Did Comcast pay you $95,000?
