Take a tiny glimpse of her life & why cuts to Medicaid & #Trumpcare could harm her
sure your family has great insurance and you don't have to have secret meetings to screw all the people in the great state of colo over

So sweet! It won't be long until you're voted out of office and will have plenty of time to be with them!
Hi! Vote no on health care bill that has no hearings. This isn't democracy its dictatorship and I won't have it. 80015
Hey creep! Show us your healthcare bill that will damage millions.  I don't give a damn about your family if you don't care about ours.
Bring this healthcare discussion out in the open, Cory. Work with Dems to fix ACA not sneak tax breaks to the ultra rich
Read the bill that lobbyists wrote, Cory, then vote NO.  https://twitter.com/senrhondafields/status/878280410454564866 …
Many States =Broke. Shifting Medicaid approvals to States w/no money means hcare recipients get no care. Federal Funding 4 everyone
that nice. Of course you plan on screwing how many CO family's on healthcare! Nice that your family is all okay though
Looks like the age my son was when he got Dx'd with JRA.  He will be forever burdened with a preexisting cndtion. Fix ACA, do not push AHCA!
Other than your family, staff, and billionaires when was the last time you talked in person w someone from Colorado?
Angry at @SenCoryGardner for ignoring CO voters? So are we. Follow @indivisibleden: together we’ll make a noise too loud to be ignored.
Are you telling her that she won't have health insurance in the future?
She's cute. Are you telling her that her Daddy is going to be responsible for taking away Healthcare for 23 Million Americans?
Cory is now saying he was on a select committee to improve our healthcare, yet had not even seen the bill.  WTF!   https://twitter.com/senrhondafields/status/878280410454564866 …
You have children and yet you voted for devos and Pruitt?! Unimaginable. Don't take away healthcare too
Cute photo.  But why were you on 13 person Senate #AHCA Committee yet did not even see the bill.  Vote NO! https://twitter.com/senrhondafields/status/878280410454564866 …

Good thing _they_ will still get healthcare, unlike a lot of other Coloradans.
While secretly working on how to take healthcare away from tens of millions! Shame
No sir, Medicare for all is better. On that note, will remember how you vote on that garbage fire the AHCA....
Staffer said you won't commit to protecting children with preexisting conditions in the healthcare bill. She deserves better from her dad!
FYI:  A 64-year old West Virginian making $27k would pay a premium of $22,400 under TrumpCare compared to $1,700 under ObamaCare
Glad you're having a nice time w/ your family. Do something for all CO families  #ClimateAction #fixHealthcare #AntiquitiesAct #ParisAccord
Are you telling her that the President likes to grab women by their pu$$ies?
We would love for you to hold a Town Hall Meeting. We have a few questions for you to answer.
I wonder if someday she'll figure out what a coward you are: that you might put your life before hers just like you've done to Coloradans.
Wouldn't it be great if you worked so that others could spend time with their families, too?
She's adorable. Please vote NO on Trumpcare.
Upset that @SenCoryGardner ignores his constituents? So are we. Follow @indivisibleden: we’ll work together to give a voice to CO voters.
Talking about your heath care bill?
Congrats. I will die without the Affordable Care Act.
That's nice. Can you imagine how you would feel if you thought the government was going to take away healthcare for your family? Imagine....

How do you tell your family about the children with #diabetes who due to your efforts will never get healthcare?
And then the evil GOP men took away your healthcare because you are female. 
GOP = Death Panels
This is where Grandpa Cory helped take away healthcare for thousands of people who live in Colorado. Maybe even some of your friends!
It would also make me happy if you would meet with your constituents.
Would you like to know what makes me happy? Knowing my disabled son will be able to have healthcare in a few years.
She's adorable. I hope you value her education and that of the rest of the kiddos in CO and protect it from DeVos!!
Please don't kill our families. Let the ACA stand so Coloradans can have basic access to healthcare.
Did you tell her that it's your temporary office before you have to hit the unemployment line?
No on Trumpcare .... I am a Colorado voter
It just be hard knowing the leader of your party lies & has cost the U.S. it's standing the world, without actually ever acknowledging it.
Upset that @SenCoryGardner ignores his constituents? So are we. Follow @indivisibleden: we’ll work together to give a voice to CO voters.
That’s real nice, but how are you going to vote on AHCA?

You should tweet THAT.
Upset that @SenCoryGardner ignores his constituents? So are we. Follow @indivisibleden: we’ll work together to give a voice to CO voters.
Why do you keep ignoring your constituents? Don't allow Congress to sneak through this awful #Trumpcare bill.
Beautiful daughter- go on home and spend time with her...
'And I spend my time with dictators who said it's ok to use rape as a weapon. That will follow you your whole life.'
Cute little girl...what kind of health insurance does she have?  Everyone else deserves the same...
Still hiding from your constituents in CO I see... #Coward
A war has been secretly waged against American by many in GOP. Please read this book and help save America from #Fascism. We need a HERO. 
I suggest using modern science such as #fmri to determine the #truth in the #russianprobe #trump vs #comey legal issue a device won't lie.
Healthcare. Rs don't know what's in bill.  Dems don't know.  No hearings.  No chance of amending.  Democracy?  Beyond shameful
And PLEASE don't vote to put disabled veterans on IU out on the street to fund Veteran's Choice!  It's a clear violation of 38 CFR 3.321.
I will make it my personal mission to vote you out of the Senate OUT of my Colorado-You don't belong here & We are motivated to oust you!
Single payer, Medicare for all is the only way to improve ACA and to fulfill Trump's promise of more access to care for less money.
I hope you'll work to make it so all families can enjoy time together by opposing Trump's inhumane immigration policy
If you say "And then Daddy denied healthcare to millions of people" to your daughter in a sing-sing voice, you're the monster in the story
We need you in Colorado! Protect your citizens from O&G
Is this a picture of you explaining all the problems you are making and leaving for the next generation?
"Daddy, why are you working to pass the health care bill behind closed doors? Why are you afraid to face your constituents? Bad Daddy!!
tiny daddy looks daughter in the eye, "we stand for misogyny, bigotry, islamaphobia, crony capitalism and creationism, we're called the gop"
#WeWillReplaceYou
Let's make sure there's healthcare access for that sweet little girl when she grows up...
That's great! Deportations separate families. Think about that.
looks like all crying about healthcare probably get it free, go get a job
You know, if you quit, you could spend a whole lot more time with them. Just sayin'.
So sweet that your family includes this lovely girl. Interesting how you went to meet Duterte who encourages rape.
Quality time with family is the best part of life. Please don't pass a bill that shortens that time or diminishes that quality...
Wow, didn't know you had a daughter, @SenCoryGardner. Bet she can't wait to grow up and learn what a misogynistic sellout her dad is.
Very nice, Senator. Now: are you going to sign a death sentence for millions of Americans behind closed doors or not??
As a Christian and a family man, you know we need healthcare. Healthy people = healthy communities = healthy America!
*Families need healthcare to raise healthy, disabled children. Without Heathcare people WILL abort babies like my beautiful son.
Please consider healthcare from your pro-life perspective. My son was born disabled. Families need healthcare raise healthy, disabled kids.
2020
How do your constituents get a meeting with you?  We'll fly to DC. Or maybe a bus. There's a lot of us.
Darling photo Senator. Now please make her proud and save our healthcare. You CANNOT take healthcare from us! You will be RESPONSIBLE.
Healthcare for most vulnerable is better. Integrity in GOP would be way better ##ImpeachTrumpNOW the BEST Oh, have a town hall, better too
Nice healthcare you got there. All children are precious.
Get to work blocking this horrible health care bill and impeaching this embarrassment of a "president". You work for us!
Hey Corey - NO on trumpcare. Bad for Colorado. Bad for you (politically). Watching your vote, as always. Proud Colorado Voter here!!!
And as you take care of your family.. Please vote NO ON TRUMPCARE! Or.. your family may not be there for you during your next election....
Enjoy it while you can, 2020 is coming quick, and D.C. will be a bad memory.
You daughter is very cute. I bet she would be just as happy to see you back home in Colorado for the the week, meeting with constituents
.@SenCoryGardner What a cutie! I think she deserves to always be able to get health care, even if she one day has a pre-existing condition.
She's female. That IS a preexisting condition these days.
Vote NO on Trumpcare! You love your family--we love our families. Don't cause unnecessary suffering. Listen to the people! Do what is right!
Think about AllTheFamilies that won't have #healthcare if U pass #Trumpcare. TimeTogether could be CutShort by PreventableDeath #copolitics
You're taking my families health care away.
Are you sharing stories about your visit with killer Duterte? Are you telling her about all the children who will die if you pass AHCA?
Must be nice, screw the little people, strip them of their health insurance.  That way they can't spend time with their families,  bankrupt!
Cory wants to be Royalty
That's nice. If I lose my health insurance, I won't be able to start a family of my own.
How about families in CO who you are kicking off health care
Where's Cory
I'm sure they miss you now that you can't come home because you're afraid to face your constituents.
Now imagine losing her because you couldn't afford insurance. That's what you're about to force upon millions of Americans w/ the AHCA.
A better option is to model NV and allow buy-in to Medicaid. We have nothing to gain by taking away from the less fortunate.
NV has not passed this legislation -
You're correct. Thanks.
I don't believe in involving children in political snark. She is adorable.
"Daddy, are those the same lips you use to kiss  Trump's ass?"
Ahhh Daddy.... Have you decided to kick millions off healthcare & bankrupt 1000s of families in AHCA 2.0 ? Or help them?
Where in DC is his office? Look at his windows in the background. Very strange 
I hope that little girl is fortunate enough to have healthcare in 20 years. #trumpcare
Well thats not true at all Cory. One thing thats better is DOING YOUR JOB and talking to your CONSTITUENTS!
Very cute!  My grandson is similar age. He has an immune deficiency disorder.  He's getting care through Expanded Medicaid. #NoTrumpcare

Your timeline hasn't said anything about healthcare since April and you're on the AHCA committee.
Your daughter is adorable. 

Quick question... do you want her to have clean air/drinkable water when she grows up? 

#climatechange

Why won't you spend time with your constituents? Many of us would like to ask you to vote NO on the new healthcare bill!
Still waiting for a townhall meeting?   You have had zero this year Not doing your job The people that pay your salary are waiting
Great but why don't you let us know where you stand on Healthcare. We have serious questions and concerns. Please do what we pay you to do.
Cancel recess and pass our President's agenda.
Can you come home soon so spend a little time with your CONSTITUENTS?
81506 Constituent: what's going on behind closed doors re: healthcare? Would like to know how my employees&family&myself will be affected.
Cute! She looks about the same age as my son, who has a chronic illness that would count as a pre-existing condition under Trumpcare.
I hope that will make it a little easier to remain in D.C. thru August. Lots of work to be done. Thanks!
How long are you here @SenCoryGardner, it'd be nice to connect.
Nice. Now let us know what is happening with #trumpcare. Have heard no details.
Does your family know how damaging the AHCA's medicaid cuts will be for Coloradoans, particularly those in rural areas like Yuma?
Your daily refusal to answer our constant pleas for a discussion on healthcare is incredibly insulting. This isn't a game, Cory.
Are you telling her about how the president you blindly support describes women?
Did you explain to them how daddy wants to take away their healthcare and supports a traitor?
Are you protecting her health insurance?
Few things worse than losing health insurance.  Hope you will protect 400,000 Coloradans on Medicaid expansion now and in the future.
How about spending time with your constituents? I think there is a thing called a town hall....
Caption ... "I'll be back in a little bit honey. I have to go take health care away from 271,500 Coloradans."
"And that is why Daddy is working hard to take health care away from 20+ million people.  Health Care is only for us rich families"
While you work to take away our healthcare in secret? How many kids will die if Trumpcare passes?
Adorable
Glad family could visit with you. Your constituents would also like to visit with you.
Not surprised he has a cute kid due to his own permanent adult babyface
That's from not needing to worry about not having healthcare or his water being poisoned.
Always remember these moments. They grow up so fast
You need to get existing Muslim refugees out of CO & stop more from coming in.Saw radical family complete w/ burka in Larkspur.UNACCEPTABLE.
That's nice they won't have to use the health insurance you are writing right now. We'd like to know what's in that health insurance.
She is adorable. ..  but please, do the right thing. NO on TRUMPCARE. So many people will be affected.  Please!!!
Except having healthcare for them. Healthcare is better than that. #NoOnTrumpCare
While you take away health care from millions, help foul the air & H2O, ruin consumer protection & sell national monuments to oil companies
So cute!  Now are you going to tell her how you're about to kick 23 million people off their healthcare?  Bet she'd love to hear that!
Healthcare for every American is better.
