A town hall every 460 days is not asking too much is it Senator? Especially since you are involved in the BCRA. Or are you? We don't know.
Cory Gardner is a 1st term senator, a highly paid political prostitute
Don't waste your time reasoning w/ a psychopath
He can listen, or we can vote his ass out.
First time in my life I'm looking forward to getting rid of a specific senator
Look what you did in YOUR office instead of meeting with the people who pay YOUR SALARY. Shame on you.
That's nice. Will there be health care to support it?
You don't care about rural Colorado. Stop pretending you do.
Is this what u consider an equal trade 4 screwing so many Coloradoans out of healthcare by voting 2 repeal Obamacare? You should be ASHAMED!
We need decreased gov handouts, not more
When will you show up for a town hall?  You can't hide forever

Watch and RT: people w/ disabilities protesting in @SenCoryGardner's office being dragged to jail: https://www.facebook.com/CarrieAnnLucasPersonal/videos/10212361209121553/ … #GOPhealthcare
Rural Colorado needs a decent health care plan. You wrote a plan for the rich. How could you do this to your voters? And you got $151,000.
Didn't you hear? @SenCoryGardner now represents a couple Kansans. Pays better. Much, much better.
http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cycle=2014&cid=N00030780&type=I …
What about the 22 million Americans who will lose health insurance?
That is a bullshit number that means nothing. Right now, everyone is losing under Obama-no-care. Get government out of healthcare.
are you having a town hall during this recess?
And, how about healthcare?
This is really not the image that I want to wake up to happening here in Colorado. Please don't drag us into this heartless D.C. bs.
These people are your constituents and they feel passionately about this issue. You should be meeting with them so they don't have to sit in
You did exactly nothing to get this. But it's a nice distraction from your work to screw rural folks on health insurance and hospitals.
Yep, rural people will die when the nearest hospital is 100 miles away and they have a heart attack.  But the rich will get tax cuts.
GOP don't care about death. 2 them everybody dies of something it's a question of when. Only us regular folk care about unnecessary death
Amen.
What about Medicaid for those w/ disabilities when NEED IT!
YOUR ANSWER: ARREST THEM
Just got a late call from ADAPT. The protesters arrested @ Gardners office havent been released from jail yet. ADAPT seems genuinely alarmed
You own this and we will not forget it.
That's a lot of $. Yet cutting Medicaid & Gutting Americans' healthcare? That's your priority?
Vote NO on AHCA
Senate healthcare bill is not good for Colorado.
Do not support it, if you do we won't support you.  A better bill can be crafted.
I hear your constituents are being arrested outside your office - are you scared to meet with them? #HealthCare
Vote NO on this absurd "health care" legislation.
Thanks for the bipartisan cooperation. Let's have the same for health care legislation.
You are responsible for the people with disabilities being arrested for protesting! Vote NO on any cuts to Medicaid!
And the bad news: @SenCoryGardner still refuses to even acknowledge the universally despised and wildly immoral wealthcare bill.
Get government out of healthcare. The government is here to protect Americans and keep ISIS out, not do everything for everyone.
Too bad they won't have any healthcare in rural CO, NO on Trumpcare!
Good. Now make a bipartisan effort to kill the AHCA.
But are you not against "big government" ...
Great fundraising... maybe you can use these funds to protect the human rights of your constituents #ADAPTandRESIST #CRPD
The real good news is that Coward Cory's Republican backed TrumpCare bill is dead.
What are you going to tell them when their clinics move out of their counties? Rural Colorado needs a NO on Trumpcare!
Senator, PILT seems worthwhile compensation. We need more "win win" situations. Let's do it with healthcare also. Vote No.
You did NOTHING for that. Also, you took 100k from Big Pharma and Insurance companies. Selling out #Colorado, one child at a time.
As a special bonus, #corythecreep makes sure that all of your rural hospitals will soon close, and those employed there will be out of work!
Lot of people are upset with you including Governor Hick. We're all waiting for you here in Colorado come by and do a town hall.
Mr. Gardner,
Vote no on trumpcare!
From a constituent!
You are proving yourself to be utterly craven.  We have a right to know what out Senator thinks and does. And you have a duty to hear us.
But the Republican healthcare bill will devastate rural areas; yet you don't oppose it yet.  Why?
When are you having a town hall so we can ask you about the #Wealthcare   bill?
Better than the millions they will lose if you vote for disastrous health bill. Do not do it!
Vote NO on Senate non health care bill or you are screwing the rural voters in your state. Also, meet with those in your office NOW
How much do the Kochs pay you to avoid constituents? Please move to Kansas so that you can be their neighbor. We're done with you.
You need to concentrate on serving your constituents; removing 22 million from Healthcare is NOT a solution. Fix our health care system. SAD
Great. We can fund training for fleets of Veterans over Uber for #homelandSecurity #freehealthcare & less #traffic w/ @CABFund
You literally cannot face your constituents. Cowardly Cory Gardner.
What about healthcare?
Umm...you might want to have a few words with the people camped out in your office. They've been there over 24 hours, they have families...
It's the right thing to do.
#COLORADO let's get ready to vote this corporate tooo out of office! #voteNO #corygardnerSELLOUT #trumpcareKills
That's good. Now vote against that horrendous repeal/replace plan you and Mitch McConnell came up with. Are you insane?
Or just politically suicidal.
Town hall.
Do NOT pass a mean health care bill. We are watching
Still hiding Cory?  What funds will be lost with your Wealthcare bill?  How many small hospitals will close? How many people will die?  SAD
Hey coward! Hold a town hall and listen to your constituents who do NOT want Trumpcare. Or are you too busy with the Kochs? #copolitics
Try doing your fucking job and supporting your constituents if you ever could? How much was your price?!
Hey republicunt Cory Gardner! I know you loe to sport that pastic smile shit eater grin of yours with an undeserved sense of acomplishment!

How about we reclaim those federal lands and collect the taxes instead.
Here is your textbook blue state republican politician. Weneed to pledge to repeal and replace him next reelection. Let's do our jobs!!
So PILT funding for emergency services, but no rural hospital funding in BCRA...dangle a carrot with no substance.
Where's Cory
Hindsight is #2020
When and where is the townhall?  How about in #Longmont ?
Please tell me why in your healthcare bill I am only mentioned a few times. #women must be a 4 letter word to you.
... and lose billions in Medicaid funding. Genius
Where did you sit at @realDonaldTrump little table meeting? I hope you choose to vote "no" if a vote ever arises on the #TrumpCareKills bill
But cut over 500000 from Medicaid, VOTE NO and represent us
Nice distraction tactic. Unfortunately you aren't as good as your liege. CO hates you and for good reason.
Great.  Thanks.  Now could you also vote no on your terrible #HealthcareBill
Sure hope you don't support the Senate health care bill- vote NO
I've enjoyed reading your responses to the countless letters I've sent you. Oh, no wait. You haven't responded to any of them. My mistake.
Town hall much?
Tax cuts for @Koch_Industries & millionaires doesn't = care for Coloradans. Everyone WANTS affordable healthcare. Not everyone can buy it.
What about the healthcare bill that means my Colorado friends and loved ones will lose insurance. Why are you avoiding us?
Hey @SenCoryGardner why don't you have a town hall next week?
after Aurora, Columbine & Planned Parenthood, you are going to make guns easier to get and mental health care harder.What is wrong with you?
Face your constituents and explain how the tax cuts for the rich bill YOU helped write in secret is in their best interest.
thanks for doing your job. Now what about healthcare?!!!
Colorado we need to meet up at Cory's office.
He won't meet 'the people'! He's just another buller that cares only for himself & the rich! He also a gutless wonder! #90DegreeOffice <<<<
Cory this is who you are screwing. But keep up the good fight for the rich. #Trumpcare #conmancory #Colorado
Cory Gardner fighting for rich people living in Florida and screwing Colorado at every turn. #conmancory
We know you don't care about rural CO enough to provide citizens with access to good healthcare. Stop putting corporations & rich before CO
TOWN HALL
While it is outrageous that you won't publicly state position on WealthCare bill you drafted, it is excellent strategy to max "donations" 2U
Hundreds of thousands of Coloradans will lose coverage under Trumpcare. Vote no.
we feel unrepresented in Colorado and it is scary to feel this way with so much at stake. You took an oath of office, remember?
Come talk to us Cory. Leaving messages with your staff and on social media is BS. Come and listen to our fears and needs. #VoteNoBCRA
thanks, but can we talk about healthcare? Remember you are paid to represent our interests. How about a town hall in CO during the break?
Great how about saving Medicare so we don't lose rural hospitals
If only they had health care!
Sounds like maybe you're a sensible guy trying to be a moderate R in this nat'l convo. That's how a Jr. Sen. from CO can earn #respect. #GOP
Too bad half will die without healthcare
Blah blah, have a town hall and ANSWER OUR QUESTIONS.
Interesting. When are you going to come out against the massive tax cut for the wealthy, er, health care bill. Your mailbox is full.
Bad news for rural Colorado: That healthcare bill you wrote. Oh and DeVos, won't ever let you forget that one!
They're going to need it once you strip them of healthcare
Before you vote hopefully you'll visit a hospital in CO and meet the people that you healthcare vote will impact.
Say NO to the Healthcare Bill! Do what's right by our citizen's not political party, please!
Senator how are you voting on The Republican's healthcare bill?
What about a #TownHall over 4th recess?  Explain your view on #aca and how to improve HC for All.
Paul Ryan hasn't had an actual town hall w/ people for over 600 days yet he's had over 50 events or he's charging 10K  a plate
Yet you are in favor of a healthcare bill that will hurt rural Colorado.
Hurrah for Socialism! Tax the rich to give to the poor! #GOPTakers
Those tax provisions they are gutting, part of that went to help fund MEDICARE! Will now run out in 2026 not 2028.
Nice! You know what else would be great news for rural CO? Your NO vote on Trumpcare.
I've tried calling. Please vote no on the health care bill for reasons I left on your voice mail. I'm registered in 80920.
That is great news!  Hold a townhall so we can talk about it! #copolitics
Good to see some of funding has remained. If Zinke gets his way, won't be Fed'l land after he sells it. Bet on low/no assessm't, taxes then
Oh joy, $709k for Delta County. We'd actually much rather have a hospital.
Cool. Any comment about why your office cranked up the heat on a bunch of women protesting the horrible AHCA bill? http://goo.gl/sBcPbN 
Did the Koch brothers tell you to send this out?
That is great news for rural Coloradans!  TY!  Now protect rural hospitals, healthcare and jobs by fully funding ACA as originally passed!
That's nice. Oh by the way, everybody hates you.
Sen, this is nice, however, what will the AHCA do to rural Coloradoans? This is a flawed bill and should be defeated on its merits. Vote NO!
What about Healthcare?  People or party Cory...
That's good. DO NOT vote for trump care! We will vote you out. Do what's right for your constituents
Sorry to hear you can't vote to take health care away from millions of people this week.  Know you were really looking forward to it.
Maybe you could ignore your constituents and not hold any town halls during the recess, yet still cost us money.  That always cheers you up.
Your lack of integrity is astounding
Better news, you caught a break on the vote! Now you have some time to think and go back and do it in a bipartisan way.
Most important information is how are you going to vote on the healthcare bill?
may i have some more pabulum, please, @SenCoryGardner? this is just pathetic. REAL TOWN HALL! at red rocks! there would not be an empty seat
How bout a central location like Mile High?
How about answering those phones tho? I'm desperate to speak to you about healthcare 
Let's face it Cory, YOU SUCK AT YOUR JOB!!!!!
How bout meeting with your constituents during the recess? We'd love to chat about this health care bill. #doyourjob
That's good. Cause if you help pass the BCRA, rural counties in Colorado will get some very bad news.
HE'S  ALIVEEEEEE! He tweets! Now if only his captors would allow him to have a #TownHall 
Carry out the wishes of your constituents NO to trumpcare.  Be accountable to the people of Colorado- pretty simple
What about healthcare? Support Colrado citizens, not Mitch and the boys - NO to trumpcare
Great news for rural Colo, oh - until you take away their medicaid & raise premiums for older Americans. Was your payoff for the yes vote?
Vote NO on #GOPtrumpWealthCare, it's immoral and hurtful to REAL Americans! Koch Bros $=your soul 
What's your stance on #BCHA?
While you had nothing to do with this, nice to see that you're learning how to take false credit at the knee of your mentor, the pres.
This will make up for all of the hospitals that will need to close because of your #wealthcare bill.
When and where are your town hall going to be? Can't seem to find the schedule.
Vote NO on #betterhealth, 23m losing health insurance, Medicaid cuts all for tax breaks for the rich. What are u thinking.
AHCA is not good for rural communities. I cannot get through to your office via phone. Vote NO - constituent 80211
Stand against BCRA/AHCA! We know this fight isn't over yet! And we need to talk in a town hall while you're home, Senator!
Right and threaten to collapse rural hospitals in CO and other states.   You hypocrite! a few million doesn't compensate t loss of Medicaid.
2020
No #wealthcare!!! We want affordable healthcare for everyone! Are you even listening
These are the same counties you're actively working to harm with the appalling #TrumpCareCutsMedicaid, you gutless shill.
Would love to chat about this and other things. When will you be meeting up to speak in person with us, your constituents?
Better news is that you're up for re-election in just a few short years.
Give me a statement on healthcare
What's good for CO is you voting against this new healthcare bill. Think about the people it's going to effect.
Senator Gardner, I know we need to control government spending, but don't do it with healthcare.  Find something else, please.  zip 80027
Oh, really. You're looking like Trump, smoke and mirrors.  Talk about the wealthcare bill, will ya?  80927
do Colorado a favor and vote no on this stupid death panel bill that y'all have decided to put on the table. No more party before country
#WeWillReplaceYou
Gee thanks for droplets in the bucket of rural hurt w jobs/hospitals/roads/healthcare/affordable housing. Try again with WAY more help!
Agreed, great news.  You know what's NOT great news? Your relative silence about healthcare.  Your lack of interest in a Town Hall Mtg.
Don't leave 271k ppl w/o Insurance in this great state. Its time to puck your priorities Healthcare for all COs or Tax breaks for wealthy
Coward Cory, you gonna meet with us on your recess?!  of course not... #OneTermSenator
America is currently ranked 50 of 55 among developed nations. Are you going to make us 55? Vote no on Wealthcare

@realdonaldtrump is torturing the people of the USA with putinesque policies like #Trumpcare. Even our @CIA seems blind & refuses to save us 
Amy comment on Trumpcare?
OK. Now what r u going to do to make sure the health care bill provides what the American people want and not what Koch Bros. want?
I want to learn more about your position on health care.  How about a town hall during the recess?
You might want actually think of your constituents when the health care vote comes around, not about your big money donors.
Pls vote NO on Trumpcare! I want to hear from you!
Perhaps you can tell us all about it at your next in-person, live TOWN HALL???
When are you having an in person town hall?
Yes where and when?
Please let us know when the next town hall is. We will be there.
Do you plan to hold a town hall to hear your constituents' views on Trumpcare? Or will you just keep pretending the bill doesn't exist?
He's working to pretend Colorado VOTERS don't exist. #BlindedByBigDonors
Thanks for always doing the CONSTITUTIONAL thing!  Healthcare is NOT a right.  The real fight lies with big pharma and Dr. insurance company
you seem like a huge coward, and you are up for reelection in a blue state in a high turnout year. ya know youre gonna lose your job, right?
Why not do the right thing and fix the ACA and VOTE NO on the horrible Republican healthcare bill
How are you voting on Trumpcare?  Going to keep on being a coward and not tell us?
If you cared about Colorado you would be doing what we sent you to DC to do now know this you have received your last vote from me!!!
That awesome lord knows rural counties need help.  Like our rural hospitals!  How are those going to fare in the new Sen. Health care bill?
You better vote no on this s*it sandwich healthcare bill, Mr Gardner. Your job was already in jeopardy. Don't be a coward, hold a town hall.
Great. Hey Corey, could you please save our healthcare and VOTE NO. Thanks
Yeah just keep bringing in the pork while our country gets flushed deeper in debt. What is it 20 trillion already?
How much of that will cover the healthcare they will lose from the proposed #GOP legislation? #DoTheRightThing #ProtectPeople #Resist
PILT has been going on for years.  You make it sound like you're bringing back Federal money from D.C.
That's who you and your staffers are Gardner! WHY WONT YOU HAVE A PUBLIC IN PERSON TOWN HALL!!!!!!
What about all the rural hospitals that will be forced to close under your healthcare act? Any thoughts on that?
Do u know how many oncologists there are at #Alamosa hospital? *1.* My mother is one of her patients. Do u want her to lose that care?
Great! How about tell us about it in a #TownHall, and we'll tell you why you should #VoteNoBCRA ? We know you're on recess next week.
Gardner probably has some fancy billionaire-infested "conference" to go to over recess.  Go hang out with his elitist peers.
Allready came to Koch conference last week in the Springs. Lined pockets with Koch dough and left Colorado with no town hall.
