Why so scared to face your constituents? Better question, why did you vote the way you did on he healthcare bill?
@cologop @SenBennetCO @GovofCO Cory are you Micheal and John going to discuss all your policies you have in common?
So very courageous of you to hold a townhall 4 hrs away from anywhere, with a population <20k! Pathetic
Don't worry- we're on it. Very active (if small) Indivisible group and other very involved groups here in Durango.
Give him hell! Again, not a put down on Durango, I love the place, if he would go from there to front range, it would show he isn't a coward
Be careful, I love that liberal town. If you attack their livelihood, they are scarier than rural voters, and should be. Don't rock the boat
Thanks for doing this. Everyone in Colorado should get a voice. It's a small step, but it's a step. Maybe come to Denver next, though?
That was no town hall. Get real.
7 minutes of talking. #coward
You mean you are finally going to face us for real? Holy Moly
Face us? Durango is hardly near anywhere, not a knock on the area, but 17K population 4hrs away, with 1 day notice is hardly "us"
But at least the idiots actually in person
It's like hiking 75miles in the forest with 4 friends on my anniversary & telling my wife if she wants to spend it with me I'm available!
LOL..Ok Thats a good comparison
Will you be hiding behind Gov. Hickenlooper and Sen. Bennet for the 7 minutes you're willing to spare to face your constituents in person?

Mr. Gsrdner be prepared for angry people. You waited too long.  Six months ago this would have been good. Next election you are fired
That's great. When will you hold one in Denver?
Cory, I truly feel like you never listen to input and simply go ahead with your agenda.  Your responses don't even address concerns!
I'm holding you responsible for your lack of interest to your constituents. There are those of us that listened last night. Uninformitive
Is the next town hall after this one going to be held on the moon? Try giving at least 3 days advanced notice so I can book a space shuttle.
Probably inside an active volcano.
When will you try flying solo and holding your own town hall meetings?
It's not a town hall.  It's a chance for you to hide behind 3 other politicians. Still hiding from your constituents.
Great. When will you do one on the Front Range?
Doesn't count. But very very sly. Hindsight is #2020.
On 7/28/17, GUTLESS @SenCoryGardner voted to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS of Americans to give MASSIVE TAX CUTS to the RICH!!!

#COWARD
Making something not mandatory, does not equal stealing. No one is stealing anyone's healthcare, stop saying it, you look like a fool.
No, in fact, you're holding your middle finger up to all Coloradans. This isn't a town hall meeting, Coward. #Shame #corruption
Only 1 question: Why did you Vote 3 separate times to strip Healthcare from millions and millions of fellow Americans?
Nice of you to deign to meet some of your constituents. Be nice if you held one in the Denver METRO area
I'm here with my dad a Dgo resident ready to ask you a question!
You're a coward. You don't represent our interests. Step up and hold an actual open forum where you can hear from a majority how bad u fail.
Please, call this anything But a town hall. #copolitics
Main thing: don't let anyone just blame EPA for the spill!
When's our town hall here in the Colorado Springs area? We are voters and your constituents! I gave you your job, now come talk to us!
Yes, Gold King needs to be addressed.  But NO, you do not get to call this a town hall mtg.
Liar
Coward Cory hides behind FaceBook and Twitter and now he's hiding behind a more respected CO Senator.
Cory, you are as honest as Trump is. 100 people, 5 mins of questions, middle of the work day, announced a day prior. Not a town hall.
It's not a town hall when 4 maj politicians attend & only 5 minutes for ?s. Lame. It's a presser & and u r joining, not holding. Ugh.
If you really cared about the devastation in CO you would stop hiding with your buddy Pruitt just to get some press 
It's not a fucking townhall when you all  speak for 10 min then leave 5 for questions. In the middle of nowhere 
Your weak attempts of town halls are glaringly empty. U insult Coloradoans intelligence. U voted against ur constituents. You're fired!
Have one in Denver/aurora please. We would like to talk to you too!
We all pretty much hate you. #FirsttermLastterm.
Baloney! Face your constituents in an UNSCRIPTED forum. @SenCoryGardner is COWARD!
Durango? There are people in Denver/Boulder you know. Lots of people. #2018
This is no more a "town hall" than you are a "senator."
#shameonyou
@indivisibledgo
not a REAL TOWN HALL and durango is not red rocks. here is the total number of people u r fooling with this nonsensical tweet: zero.
How about one on the Front Range, Cory - you know, near Denver-Boulder? Or are you chicken???
Take work off to drive 3 hours for 5 minutes of questions...
I hope the fine folks of Durango give you an Obamacare works and is good welcome.  EPA shirking Gold King?
You are literally holding a town hall with 0.00001805% of your constituents.  How about the 2,800,000 that live in the Denver metro area?
I don't know what exactly you would call this get together. However, it is certainly not a Gardner Townhall.
You have had no town halls in over a year.
Your telephone town hall was also not a town hall.
Serious?? 5 mins?  Not a town hall.
This isn't a town hall.
Hiding on the other side of wolf creek pass for a 5 minute appearance does not cut it Cory, but nice try.  WEAK
Ridicules! As usual not really interested in hearing from constituents.
Oh come on. Hours from the majority of the population in CO, less than 24 hrs notice, during the work day, with only 100 allowed to attend.
#Cory, please support 45 or my vote will be changing.
@SenCoryGardner @RepTipton One day notice is NOT acceptable. Both of you are grave disappointments.
Wow great job being accessible to you're constituents. Another useless representative... I'm shocked
Thanks for all the advance notice.
What, you couldn't wiggle your way out of it?
Still too chicken to face the people of #Colorado by yourself? Quit hiding behind @SenBennetCO
Tomorrow. So we can't go. Thanks for the heads up. Dick.
Not.  A.  Town.  Hall.
I believe it's "NOTATOWNHALL"
Why do you only tell people about these the day before?!
Your definition of "town hall" is as laughable as "open and transparent bipartisan process".
@SenCoryGardner, that is 3h38min from GJ for only 1 or 2 questions. Please come August 30 to Grand Junction CO for a real Town Hall.
Touring a mine? Aren't there better ways to spend our time $$$?????
How about one in Denver? Not a single one this year.
Where's Coryplaying it safe, aren't you?
You're a bit of a cowardly son of a poxxed-up tart, no?
Why do you keep running from the Front Range where most constituents are? #CowardCory #Outin2020 #ThePeopleKnow
Any chance you'll address issue of mineral extraction practices that leaves taxpayers on the hook when abandoned/closed down?
Pruitt wants to cut Superfund program by 30% & #Superfund enforcement spending by 37%. Will you bring THAT up? #copolitics
In the middle of a work day? Come on Gardner you can do better than that
Hey Cory, Do you really have to drive all the way to Durango to find your balls?
And then you're coming to the Front Range to talk to us too?
It's not a town hall, it's a gathering or presser where you probably won't answer a single question that the people have.
Good first step. I'm glad you are choosing to meet constituents face-to-face. Just be sure to repeat this in cities across the entire state.
Please resign Cory. You're literally supporting a president who is under a Grand Jury investigation for financial crimes, collusion, and OoJ
Please get rid of the state income tax.
@ekalbrechta @DAlbrechta
STOP THE PRESSES!! You're going to meet REAL people who aren't paying you in remote area?? @SenBennetCO @GovofCO @RepTipton
Wow if only you had an assistant or team of assistants to give more than a 24 hr notice?
You only think about large cities like Durango and Yuma. What about those of us that live in small towns like Denver? Don't forget about us!
Too many expatriate New Yorkers & Californians.  Donor class wants remote sites they can plunder with some obscurity.

Thank you so much for holding a town hall. But why announce it the day before?! I was on your tele-town hall yesterday & no word of this!
Excellent, but when will a joint Denver town hall be held for those of us unable to take off work & travel down to Durango tomorrow?
Oh- that word "joint" will confuse him, now.  The "intimacy" with donor class might be upset if it were too accessible.
@GJProgressives @IndivisAspen @IndivisibleRf
Thanks for the advanced notice, location convenient to a huge % of your constituents, & promise of a lengthy discussion. ::eyeroll::
Might have needed a bit of notice to get to a secluded area with little population. Sad, transparent attempt to escape your people
2020
You are lucky I am out of town because I would get the largest caravan down there and put your ass on the hot seat! Give em' hell Durango
Strength in numbers eh? To scared to hold a town hall with just you?
Shame on you for ignoring your constituents and voting to take away our healthcare. I cannot wait until we vote you out of office
Amen to that.
Durango folks, please give him hell.
Where and when
Alert!

This is a press conference, nothing more. 

Here is the last "town hall" as stated by staff. Look at all the happy faces.
Do @RepTipton, @GovofCO, and @SenBennetCO know you're billing this as a town hall? Maybe we should call their offices and ask...
My questions... healthcare, legalize pot, EPA... we Coloradans deserve proper Town Halls all over the state.
Why do they get actual town-halls and we do not?
And... how far in advance did YOU know about this? This is a really important conversation for lots of Coloradans and you seem like a jerk.
How can any average person have a voice if we're not even allowed 48 hours notice to plan to engage in that surprise conversation?
It seems really shady and significantly shitty.
I get that it's been a while for you (492 days), but you'll need to share time/location for these things. If you want people to come.
I don't think he really wants people to come.
Oh, that's not true.  If you're part of the 'donation class', they'll find some accommodation for you.
Cory, you are so craven; social media guy, how do you like working for someone whose approval is in the 20s?

What's the subject? 

Gold King and only Gold King right?
If you're donor class, you can probably get some accommodation.
Hey Cory, we sure do miss you here on the Front Range. You may have heard of it, IT'S WHERE ALL THE PEOPLE LIVE.
Durango??? Niiiice!
6 fucking hours away from the states major population center. Coward.
I have 36 events now scheduled all across the state for recess. What comes next for you after Durango? #copolitics http://gardnertownhall.com 
Literally everyone who bothered to care was on the phone with you for an HOUR yesterday. This isn't how any of this works. #copolitics
wha???
> Middle of a work day
> Hours from vast majority of population
> Split time with two other people
> For 45 minutes total

"Transparency"
@townhallproject @IndivisibleTeam @PodSaveAmerica @crookedmedia @jonfavs @jonlovett @danpfeiffer @TVietor08 this guy 
Thx better than nothing tele-TH. Callers mostly rural. Tried get answers. Cory dodged instead represent. Proud yourself?
Can we discuss your focus on legal marijuana?
Can't do it without your wing men? I'd call this a news conference.
Good for you! Thank you...
Let me guess, it's an hour in the middle of the day w equal time 4 everyone and you'll have the room full w mine related special interests?
Have fun in Durango. When are you coming to Front Range? Why do you fear us? Why no questions from us during Tele Town Hall last night?
Please tell @EPAScottPruitt to clean up pollution. Coloradans want clean air and water and we want a stable climate! #ActOnClimate
What did I tell you? As far away as possible from as many constituents as possible. And not even a one on one. Coward!
