Prove them wrong. At least try.

No new wars. Pursue diplomatic solutions via China.
Oh! I saw you on @MSNBC this morning Senator saying all the "correct" things. Wish I could believe U but know U're good little Rep partisan.
Stop promoting yourself and get back to the Senate floor, we aren't paying you to further your political ambitions!
I will be calling your office several times demanding that we keep ACA! Do your job Senator!
North Korea important. Not nearly as environment (the only planet  we live on) & Russian treason- our democracy
You went from being an unknown senator in a cushy job, to being very well known, and hated. People think you a corrupt coward.
And yet no time to chat in person with your constituents in Colorado... #fascinating #priorities #voterspayingattention
good morning! plan an in person town hall with your constituents. stop hawking war. protect mother earth.
Every tweet should be about how you are trying to save us from our insanely ignorant leader.
What about Russia?That should be high on everyone's list! N.Korea is becoming a big deal, which is major, however it's to distract us!russia
So are you going to discuss your buddy #Trump's obsession with starting a nuclear war? #askingforafriend #narcissistvnarcissist
Well that is pretty safe territory when you speak with the like minded network and the viewers are lockstep with your president.
Work on impeachment. And nothing else
Good afternoon! Made my call to your office today and your staff sound tired! If you'd listen to us we could give them a break!
2020
Cory said: "Saddam Hussein has weapons of mass destruction and threatens us"
Interesting!

How about the Russia investigation? How’s that going?
You aren't impt enough to appear on real news programs, and you're not good enough to represent Coloradans. 2020.
another busy day of warmongering 
SUPPORT and INDEPENDENT COMMISSION to INVESTIGATE trump TIES to RUSSIA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
talk about NAFTA and healthcare. please tell me what is the amendment in the health bill that allows you to keep things that public can't
i had to miss this because i was, you know, living life. but if you were to hold a REAL TOWN HALL, i'd be there. best venue: red rocks.
Should we send the mariachi band?
Donny has already tanked your career and all your political ambitions.
In response to all questions: "Whatever 45 says."
why fox? You won't even talk to us
where's Cory?
On Fox news? Breitbart and Aryan Nation radio busy? Well, grab a p***y and sell some public land for me.  My conscience won't allow me to.
But thank you for letting us know what working on. Remember Country over Party
Do you read your replys?
And then resign.
Stay off fox.
You won't be reelected. You will lose by an embarrassing amount to a relative unknown challenger.
That's all. Impeachment everyday
Work every day on impeachment
Please leave Korea alone.
Dude. Seriously. Shut up. Stop talking. Stop tweeting.
Do you snowflakes ever stray from the Fox network?
Fox won't save you in 2020
has time for trump propaganda tv, but not his own constituents SAD! #ByeCory @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness
Maybe you should accept a position with Faux News instead of FAKE representing the ppl of CO. #copolitics
Why would he go work for CNN? #copolitics
Guess it's true. Maria always has the biggest boobs on TV
The cost to transport 100 Senators to a gerry-rigged scif in WH is another fiscal waste by GOP Abomination. But you'll deny healthcare. Sad
On FAKE news?
Is this a job interview for 2020? Or an interview about how you refuse to hold a #TownHall? #wherescory
I don't get cable. Sum your stance on a free platform please
Find some time to talk to your constituents in person
Quit rattling sabres and do your job for your constituents! North Korea is nothing but a distraction from #TrumpRussia.
I'm more concerned w/Colorado National Monuments losing their designation so that Big Oil and Gas can profit.Trump &Co is more of a threat.
Still no time for constituents but plenty of time for ancap propaganda.
Good morning! I'll be discussing your inadequacies as a senator with my coworkers in downtown denver shortly. #onetermgardner
Can you please also discuss why you are focused on a perceived threat from NK rather than an actual threat from #Russia?
I look forward to discussing when you intend to hold an in-person town hall in Colorado. At all.
No one in the state of Colorado cares, you are irrelevant!
There was no huge threat from NK until warmonger in chief took office. Stop feeding his insanity because it could kill us all.
You're a good fit on Fox.  You might be working there full-time in 2020
You really love the drumbeat of war don't you? Fox news may eat that up but try seeing what your constituents think of it.
How about with your constituents!!!! We want a real town hall so we can share ideas. You think we will forget this behavior by 2020.
Have any of them bought your vote like Betsy DeVos did?
So you don't care that Russia interfered in our election and POTUS staff is under FBI investigation for collision w/ foreign government...?
Note Mr Gardner has special interest in THAD...Faux Business...war = $$
Will the interview touch on the fact that Trump is trying to involve us in a nuclear conflict to cover up his #Trumprussia treason?
Fox?  Really?
meanwhile, nary a word on supporting Colorado constituents on health care, science, national monuments, the LGBTQ community, immigrants…
Is the topic of conversation going to be you hosting a town hall? Otherwise I don't care. Thanks!
