so close. You couldn't spare a few minutes to meet with your constituents?
If you care about improving patient outcomes and saving lives, DON'T repeal the ACA! https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2017/01/23/repealing-the-affordable-care-act-will-kill-more-than-43000-people-annually/?utm_term=.25b98ca57c83 … #ACA #SaveACA
the drugs they make need to be part of comprehensive & accessible healthcare plan - healthcare is a right, not a privilege
hold a town hall meeting so you can learn what your constituents really want from their congressman
did you ask them why Rx costs soooo much more in the US? How bout that town hall? Take your medicine, you can't hide forever
let's set a date in Colorad Springs for a town hall
Pardon the snark: I'd like you to "enjoy learning" what your constituents are sharing at Town Hall meetings you've skipped.
wish I had known you were in Boulder. Meet with constituents not corporations! #whereiscorygardner #resist #corygardnermia
quit rubbing our faces in it that you won't meet face to face with regular unpaid constituents
It could save a lot of lives if people have insurance to cover the dugs and devices they're making..
yes it would save lives! Please don't repeal ACA, fix its holes
Except you won't do a town hall with your constituents.  #Shame
you aren't fooling anyone. Show some courage, give constituents some respect and meet with us lowly voters, not donors
Good to see you're schmoozing with rich white techies rather than meeting with your constituents while your'e here #coward
how much did they pay you?
there are major issues needing your attention. What's with all the 'fluff' tweets?
lucky for you I didn't see you here in Boulder, COWARD! Hold a town hall!
.@SenCoryGardner All about the $$$$ eh? Please remember you work for US, THE PEOPLE, not the corporations!
glad you care about saving lives! If so, then you'll defend the ACA and Planned Parenthood. -sincerely, your constituent
good to know you're in the pocket of Big Pharm too. We've learned lots about you this month. #imnotpaid #resist #copolitics
Lucky business and chambers of commerce. Individual voters aren't allowed to speak to you. #whodoyouworkfor?
All of the comments are the same. Show up at town hall, listen auto and rep constituents, or get out of CO..  we r done!
clean air and water save lives. 11/3/20
why don't you think enough of the PEOPLE of CO to SHOW UP at a Town Hall, Sen. Corporate Gardner?
When is your next town hall?
another Pharma group for you to take payola from!  Cool!!
@denverpost dusgust that elected official Gardner will not show up for town hall meet w/his constituents tonight in Denver.
As much as you enjoy dodging constituents? By the way, still waiting on my #paidprotesters check.
you must impeach @potus & @stephenbannon The regime is blocking media outlets WE THE PEOPLE need OPEN access via the press!!
how about holding an open town hall with your constituents?
Big Pharmacy just out to keep us I'll and make money.  Don't be Sessions patsy CG.  Stand up for Colorado and it's beauty.
@denverpost We didn't know that big pharma was doing a town hall for you!
why aren't you doing a town hall?  You better get your resume ready. You'll be looking for a new job soon
what about learning what your constituents have to say?
how about learning how your constituents feel about your votes? #ComeHomeCory #WillCoryShow
Talk is cheap and you're about to take insurance away from 20 million people. The #ACA helped me tremendously #WhereIsCory
Really people stop it, he's just an empty suit pandering for campaign money.  He really isn't into you...
When you hide from constituents but put out PR like this it makes you look out of touch and unsympathetic to voter needs.
Gosh, and I drove all the way from Boulder to your Denver office yesterday, to meet with you and you weren't there.
when are you going to do your job and meet the public?
that is very cool. Will you consider a town hall on the west slope?
praying for you today that you will have strength to do what you feel needs to be done!
Still refusing to meet with your people.  You are not willing to represent all of Colorado. We are not paid.  We vote.
Did they pay you 50K like Billionaire Betsy did? SHOW UP TO YOUR TOWN HALL TONIGHT, coward.
Where is your town hall? What are you afraid of?
why no town hall while you were in town?  Please some time in your busy schedule to give access to all constituents!
when will you meet with the voters?
Did they write you a big fat check right on the spot while u were there?
not a good look, valuing corporate interests over your constituents. That it's big pharma is adding insult to injury. Hack.
Given up trying to get your attention. You aren't listening to your constituents. Enjoy your 4 years-UR gone 2020 CO 80228.
how about a town hall with the people you are paid to represent in the Senate?
funny, you were in Boulder but couldn't find time to meet with constituents. Coward. #corygardner doesn't represent CO!
This is so ridiculous. You must think we are stupid. Will you please have a town hall? 80228
Question...How are ya feeling about that Pruitt yes vote? I begged you not to, but...
you haven't met with any of us regular Coloradans all week! Whom do you represent, corporations or people?
Hold a Town Hall meeting. Your constituents want to talk to you!
why aren't you meeting with your constituents. Are you afraid?
Did you fire your staff @SenCoryGardner? No one answers the phones at any of your offices. When and where are the town hall meetings?
.@SenCoryGardner Are you tired of sneaking around the state yet? Wouldn't it just be easier to meet with us? #indivisible #wewillnotgoaway
So vote for reasonable healthcare for people with real lives, not corporations whose lives are pretend?
And you just have NO shame telling us that you REFUSE to meet with us, but enjoy meeting with donors.  No shame.
wow that most have been enlightening. When is the next town hall?
Cory "go to my website" Gardner, comment yet on the claims of voter fraud during the presidential election? #resist
hope you're enjoying you last years as senator, next election we voters will drain the swamp ourselves
You're in Colorado, we're your people and we want to talk to you. Are you going to the town hall? #WillCoryShow
How long will you hide from your constituents?
so when are you going to have a town hall? I live in 80123 so no, I'm not a paid protester.
Stop the "busy work" and perhaps have a town hall? Your constituents are anxious for some face time!
political system and a cry for term limits. Your usefulness has already run out.
Too busy to be with your constituents, but always available for a photo. You are the poster child for what's wrong with our
Talk to ALL of us- not hand picked people. You represent ALL of us!!
isn't the @GOP supposed to respect states rights? What about rec marijuana? Or were y'all just full of shit this whole time?
#whereiscory #onetermgardner
I bet you would also enjoy learning about cool things my students did today.  #wherescory #meetwithconsituents #doyourjob
wow, you met with ten more people. Really making the rounds out there #bold #whereiscory
times up. We will move on without you. Thank you for your unending devotion to your constituents.
How much does @SenCoryGardner representation in Congress cost? More than the salary we pay him, obviously. #whereiscory #imnotpaid 80302
@SenBennetCO please reach across the aisle and tell Gardner to stop making an ass out of himself. He's giving CO a bad rap
What scare Senator we have. Hiding and lying saying he met with constituents.
Another private meeting and photo op with special interests and not your constituents?  #copolitics #DoYourJob
Another paid shill taking money from out-of-state millionaires to push their politics on Colorado?
We really could use some representation. Maybe talk to your constituents?  #TownHall perhaps? @SenCoryGardner
Other GOP senators, like Tom Cotton, are meeting there constituencies even though they know they'll get grief.
great! Now meet with us, your constituents!
#recallcory
Why won't you hold a town hall?
How about taking a crack at learning about what your constituents want (hint: it's not emboldening white supremacy)...
(It's also not dismantling public schools...)
(It's also not laying waste to our beautiful environment...)
#YouWorkForUs. We won't re-elect you. Hope your cushy connections can get you a consulting gig in 2020.
You're a joke - Colorado my native state deserves better than you...
Another safe space, Cory?
How about some quality time with voters not just donors??!!! Waiting to hear when the town hall will be...
I hope they emphasized that the #ACA has been a godsend to people who really need the meds they are selling.
enjoy your last term. #coryout
and charge too much for the drug they make. Did you drink the Kool-Aid?
but then that's how they afford your campaign contributions. You are Deplorable for avoiding other 99.6% of  constituents
did you sneak out the back foot again?
seems like the only one getting paid to meet is you. #CowardlyGardner
Rather than this photo op, I would have preferred that you meet with the many of us who are concerned about the ACA repeal,
without the ACA how many of your constituents won't be able to afford these amazing drugs?
@SteveHensonME Would be great for you to talk to your constituents & answer questions about ur 100% support of Trump agenda
We go to your office every week, pleading to be heard, and call every day. Can we talk to you, too?
then leave the ACA alone so it can continue to save lives and improve patient outcomes.
even AstraZeneca can't save your political life. Only your constituents can. Meet with them! #chicken #afraid #coward
Instead of tweeting about where you've been why don't you announce where you'll be. Better photo ops guaranteed! #sarcasm
how much did they have to pay to meet with you? Scared to meet your constituents and answer for your votes at a Town Hall?
while in Boulder, maybe ask some people about how well you're representing them! A fantastic opportunity for feedback.
Where's your compassion? Humanity? The people of Colorado need your kindness not hate. They need to be heard. Shame!
In an hour of greatest need, you chose to hate and ignore the people of Colorado. Shame!
Planning on meeting with constituents/voters any time soon?
oh please Cory, stop it the fluff tweets, we wanna talk to you!
Will you attend tomorrow's town hall in Denver? I hope you show up to answer our questions...80206
you know what else saves lives ? Being able to afford going to the dr! Now about that town hall.. #notpaidjustpissed
doesn't health care save lives? I support aca and you should too
glad you did this instead of answering my calls again. 80015. Not a happy constituent
Now, if only you actually cared about the ACA and making people well.  #wearenotimpressed
REPAIR ACA. Do not repeal
#yourlastterm
I enjoyed your piece in the @NewYorker. Oh that's right, it's about you stiffing constituents. Sad! Enjoy your photo op.
Was your Boulder audience prescreened not to ask any embarrassing questions?  Like anyone know when you'll have a town hall?
big pharma? Wow I'm shocked!  Bet they are happy you voted no on 1/11/17! And for only 4K dollars!
maybe you'd also enjoy learning what everyday voters think. come out of your protective bubble!
the ACA also saves lives & improves patient outcomes. Easy fix- leave it alone since u have NO replacement plan
Meanwile supporting a move to force millions to lose their insurance. How is that saving lives?
supporting big pharma, why am I not surprised??
Hey you're in boulder?! I'm in boulder!! Happy you're not lost. Talk? Name a place, I'll buy beers.
we'd sure like to learn some things about you, CG. A lot of people have a lot of questions... when is your next town hall???
how much did they give your campaign.  Not sure you know what "constituent" means...
Glad you are learning. I think your unpaid constituents could teach you a thing or two. Join us at a town hall near you!
Enjoy every minute of your term as a US Senator. You'll be a barista after Trump torpedo's CO economy via cannabis shutdown.
- @SenCoryGardner would make a lousy barista: avoids customers, disrespects who he works for & disappears on breaks. #NotMySenator
You need to hold town halls - not this photo op stuff.
when's your next townhall?
omg, literally 2 miles away from me! Would have been so easy to meet for a chai/chat with your constituents! Next time, yes?
and just so you know that number was provided by http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cycle=2016&cid=N00030780&type=I … so you can see who else you are beholden to!
too bad you don't care about learning about your constituents
OIC now, the pharmaceutical industry gave you 149,700 in campaign donations last year so of course let's meet with them 1st!
Repealing the #ACA will leave millions of people without insurance. People will die as a result. We aren't fooled. #townhall
I would enjoy hearing your views on lifetime caps and pre-existing conditions Friday at your town hall!  #WillCoryShow
you care about saving lives? Why are you actively trying to make healthcare inaccessible for millions of Americans?
Cory "Duck and Cover" Gardner
You do know those people were educated in public schools yet the 50K donation from DeVos spoke louder than ur constituents?
how much did the company donate?
We got some Constituents here at Flatiron Coffee nearby who'd love some impromptu townhall.
glad handing again, got photo op/check to prove it. Can constituents afford pharma?  Got health care plan? Share @town hall
You forgot e) A coward.
Too bad we're not getting paid to protest, otherwise we might be able to buy your time like the drug companies that screw us
.@SenCoryGardner starting to think your unnecessary updates are 'rubbing dems noses in it.' Pharma reps? Could you be more of a stereotype?
#whereiscory #recallcory
Single payer healthcare (like every other developed country on earth has) saves way more lives and improves more outcomes.
check into VA &a veterans concurrent pay for those under 20 yrs medically retired & injured combat training unrecorded
Drugs are great. SCIENCE is great. How about preserving the EPA and supporting the green energy industry in CO? #WheresCory
.@SenCoryGardner Providing all these lucky people have health insurance. And can afford these products. What is your position on ACA?
let's hope there r ppl to save. Trump n associates r coming dangerously close to destroying US!
Why didn’t you let your constituents know that you would be here, so we could have been there to show you the love?
Townhall Please
you're meeting with donors and special interests, why not the public? #whereiscory
Do we have to donate $4k like AstraZeneca or $3k like Verizon to get you to talk to us? I’ll save up!
Nah, we can just crowd fund to spread the financial burden.  @SenCoryGardner
Taking time for pharmaceuticals, but not for your constituents. Classy...
You better protect our legal weed from Jeff Sessions and the Trump administration
and billions of dollars!!!
great meeting somebody during recess- thx. What about your constituent base- the majority waiting 4 U

Is it true you're attending "Unity in the Community" tonight in Longmont? http://www.longmontchamber.org/voice/unity-in-the-community/ …
if this gets answered by the Gardner team, I'll sell my left kidney.
and you will be meeting with non paying constituents when? Looks like 3/16 is next home district work recess, we won't quit!
Photo ops instead of listening to your constituents. As the corrupt man you're covering for says, "Sad"!
You are quite the globe-trotter, at least within Colorado.  Any of them ask you about Russia, ACA, Trump?  #FreeTheDevos50k.
he gave short Q&A yester. For the news. 2 me he came across arrogant. Appears he doesn't too much like Q&As
.  TOWN HALL!
He photographs so well what a busy week he has had.  Just to busy for town halls what a shame
How many of them said a part of improving patient outcomes was repealing the ACA without a replacement? 

I'm guessing none.
cool no way. Fun fact based also based on some groundbreaking research: town halls are excellent for health (of democracy)
@IndivisibleRf @SenCoryGardner
why won't you hold an open townhall?  We deserve better.  #recallcory
he answered that ? On the Denver news yesterday. If ur like me, his answer will only further irritate.
Thanks!  I had sync turned off!  Hope you can make it to 'With or without you' town hall 4me. I'm in NW CO +no transp.
How about meeting with your constituents, or are you scared?  It's your job.
not helping yourself here, bro.
Your temporary job is coming to an end, Senator.
