Isn't it better to make all schools better so choice is not only available for those w/ means to get to a different school @SenCoryGardner
We know DeVos gave u money so you would obviously support BS idea of school choice rather than improving all schools @SenCoryGardner
-Gardner is Coin Operated and Votes for whoever gives him the most money
That is truth so instead of voting for him to get representation we have to pay him more than his salary @cmegalodon69 @SenCoryGardner
-If the 'WE' you mean the lobbyists and D.C. power brokers than yes. Cory's 'coin operated' #RINO
Have you ever been a teacher? Do you really have any idea of what this will do? Kill public affordable education.
You mean you support taxpayer funding for religious education in the form of a voucher system.  SAD!
By supporting school choice, you are inherently supporting only those who have the means of choice. Start caring about us!!
How about Muslim/Hindu/Jeddi/Flying Spaghetti monster schools?
- And you've sold your own kids out. Betting you'll "choose" to send them to private schools when things quiet down.
@ForColorado #GardnerTownHall
-What you say is one thing....what you do is another

Deeds Not Words
education will be destroyed by devos as Michigan can testify. No choice for anyone but the weathly
You're just spouting jingoes.
Under your plan does a poor black kid from Queens have the opportunity to go to Baron Trump's school? You said any school.
.@SenCoryGardner your focus should not  be on what you support, but rather on what your constituents support.
more important than a quality education?
is a joke who cites contradictory motives for every action he pursues. #unseatGardner
What about kids who can only attend public schools for logistical reasons? Siphon their funds? I would never vote for you!
stop calling it a townhall, it's not a townhall when you moderate who asks questions, lie, and won't show your face COWARD
..Colorado did NOT vote for Donny!  You need to NOT defend that crazyman and support Colorado! Or this is your last term!
btw.. 80817 #unpaid
I support "choice" and believe Coloradans will choose to remove you from office.
YUP!. Many in my neighborhood, friends and work feel same way. Donny is the face of GOP and it's embarrassing
space at desirable schools is limited and this doesn't address the funding issues in inner city/rural schools
and what happens if you can't afford to make that choice and you divert public funds from schools people are stuck with???
I agree with choices too.  However, it ends up screwing poorer students.  What are you doing to support the students from poorer communities
devos is unqualified to lead education..u approved her cuz she gave you money...that's terrible
How about religious fundamentalist schools that teach new-earthism? Should we support that with our taxes too?
Fix the local schools.   Choice is not the way to go.
Quit using dishonest language, we can have school choice with public schools. This is privatization (corporate handout).
Stop sending public money to private and for-profit schools. Period. You are a terrible representative for Colorado.
How about private/charter schools with terrible outcomes but desired by parents for other reasons?
STOP supporting the Trump agenda.  we have great public schools.
Schools failed me, but then did nothing to fix the mistakes. Stop the TRUMP agenda
now a homeschool mom and have never even seen a voucher!! Should have voted no DeVos
how about you support PUBLIC SCHOOLS!?!
You support choice?  Public funds for religious schools?  What about Muslim schools?  Since you supported 45*, I'm curious
As long as we hold ALL schools to the same standards
I support public schools. It's important for states & communities 2 make sure local schools hve resources needed to be great
- Once again: no one chooses to stay in poor schools. Education too important. Let's lift ALL schools.
.@SenCoryGardner @cologop School choice has been here for awhile.  How's it working in Detroit?  What are the facts telling us?
are you for public money going to private schools? Religious or not.
Do you support government dollars being spent to send kids to private or religious schools?
Do you keep track of your constituents' choices?  This string shows incredibly OPPOSITE of how you think!  YOU WORK FOR US!
disagree, Sen. choice $ s/b spent on ALL schools, or worst. Too much $ spread around on too many- hurts all schools.
Even at the expense of our public school systems? Please explain. Thx
I'd rather you support quality schools! No quality, no choice.
Taking money away from already tight public school dist budgets is wrong on many levels and has dire consequences.
I get that. But what about special needs kids? Hungry kids?
I do not want my tax dollars going to a private religious school  #SeperationofChurchandState you are so out of touch
WRONG Treating public school like an "entitlement" so the GOP can privatize will only lead to a dumbed down US. #notpaid
your view seems simplistic & uninformed. School of choice doesnt give opportunities 2 ALL kids. pls understand whole picture
I believe it's important for ALL schools be adequately and equally funded. I'm not interested in a pri schl getting taxes.
This is why you need a face to face town hall. You're woefully out of touch with your constituents. You work for us.
a last minute, sign up phone conference that started 30 min ahead of schedule is NOT A TOWNHALL. That hashtag is misleading
The choice you speak of doesn't help all. Put the resources where ALL kids get opportunity! Your choice takes it away.
how are these kids going to get to the school of their choice. Will they get a hot lunch?
"I support school checks. Checks checks checks, money, bills, coin. Me want $"
Please. Still trying to get through the fact that you voted for the current Secretary of Education.  #gonein2020.
support ALL schools. You are widening the gap! Not everyone is so privileged to be able to choose!
so how long before it turns back into a segregated system again?
Yet you voted for DeVos! 
Donors over Colorado.
You do understand that in CO if you want to send  your child to a school outside your county, YOU MUST PROVIDE THE TRANSPORT
@All100Senators What happens to public schools when they lose half the taxes? Can they pay bills, or do they shut down?
Wow I guess DeVos is getting her $49K worth out of u! U are a definitely cheap spokesperson for BAD opinions! #Coryoutin2020
And those who .ca not afford to go to a different school will just have to suck it up? Or maybe just "stop buying iPhones"?
Great! Competition makes everything better.
School choice is another way of taking our tax dollars away from education. If this happens, will you decrease taxes?
My little boy wears hearing aids. Private schools aren't required accept him or provide him services. Where is his choice?
Funneling taxpayer money to religious based private schools is a violation of the separation of church and state.
I know it sounds like a great idea but in practice you are screwing over kids with special needs, low income& rural families
No it's not about education. DeVos bought you so you have fall in line with your mistress and Trump. You sold us out.
Not w/vouchers. That takes funding from pub schools and gives to private schools who don't pay taxes
What happens when a student doesn't get into a private school and the local public school closes?
how about having an in person town hall? #whereiscory
I agree as long as no child is denied admission to their school of choice.
You support privatization with a friendly face, favoring those with means over those that don't
you said you support federal funds for religious schools. Even if those schools are Muslim or Pagan? Justify taxes 4 thisPLS
- clear disconnect from your constituents. See you at midterm.
School choice doesn't work in rural areas. This policy excludes many Coloradans.
so I want to open a Madrasa, will you support my accepting public money?
I support you having a LIVE, IN PERSON town hall. Why won't you? What are you afraid of?
do you support sending taxpayer dollars to private religious schools and/or homeschool? #copolitics

you sold out to DeVos and 45....obviously!!
@cologop And what do the bulk of your Constituents want? This is not about you alone and/or DeVos $$
if we're going to continue pretending that we live in a democracy, we need good schools to produce informed citizens
This issue shows clearly your choice. Party and money over children. #ShameOnYou
Yes, while gutting public education. Thanks pal.
You mean, you support allowing private schools to strangle our public schools by siphoning off their funding. Grrr.
Ucould try cutting that war budget in half&putting it into your education system? Might help with fewer wars better economy
it is not about what YOU support. It is about what YOUR constituents support!
Once again, as with DeVos confirmation, your constituents are voicing no support-yet you move forward
not at the expense of public education. Charter schools do not have to accept students.public schools do. Do the math.
I can't work because the districts failed me.I am homeschooling a brilliant child, due to lack of special need training
My child is special needs.The district couldn't handle him and sent him to the @FCPolice. So wrong!!! Find a solution!
Hoe do I get vouchers for homeschooling after I've been failed by my district?
zip 80206 and I stand with public schools 
I believe in making all our public schools great so no matter which one you go to you get a great American education
puff lefties have destroyed the school system in every major city, change education's time to care abt teaching not teachers
taxpayers hand over $$ to DC bureaucrats who don't care if ur kids in lousy schools why not let parents who care decide?? 
so you are for emptying the public coffers for businesses acting as schools?
the teachers unions get pay for teachers just to show up no requirements to teach they get a yearly raise w/o evaluation
SELL OUT: DEVOS PUPPET!
why do people still believe in public school system gov pours more money into education and the kids are learning less.
Your cruelty to those dependant on public schools is noticed.  #wearenotimpressed
It is fine you believe in it, but we don't. Please vote as constitutents request, not with the GOP Pres. #SavePublicSchools
you were elected to represent your constituents. We support public schools.
I kinda want the ones near me to not suck--so if we could do a little something about that education budget...
Ooh--what if you tried to increase teacher retention? Have you tried that?
I mean, it kind of sucks to be a teacher anywhere right now, but the ones in struggling schools really have it rough.
But maybe if they didn't have to suffer FTE cuts and increased class sizes, coupled with absurd paperwork and meetings.
Or maybe if they got paid enough to cover their student loans.
Or maybe if their profession was not publicly disparaged by their legislators.
You know, but you're probably making the right decision. DeVos agrees with you, and she's SO WELL VERSED on education topics
On second thought, I think you should listen to your constituents. *Not paid to write this.*
What kind of "choice" will kids have in Saguache or Otero counties? You know Co. and just how poor & remote some towns are.
I think school choice is a really bad idea.  One can always choose to go to a private school.  Leave public schools alone.
I hope you're paying attention to the number of angry constituents who don't support this concept. YOU WORK FOR US. 80016
Stop giving our tax dollars to private schools!
You seemed to have missed "separation of church and state."
Support our PUBLIC SCHOOLS!  School choice is a giveaway to the wealthy and to religious schools.
.@SenCoryGardner Kids need good public schools. Not choice. Not vouchers.
"school choice" is already accessible, parents just might have to choose between that and an iPhone. Cc @jasoninthehouse
then NO fed funding for religious schools. Must provide for special needs students!!!
opportunity is not = viable option. Also, you forgot to put "wealthy" in front of kid
Why do charter schools not have to meet the same requirements for disabled kids as public schools do?
Correction you are for school vouchers which is diff than school choice. Stop lying to ppl. Same as access is not coverage!
A good way to brain wash kids with alt facts. Religious intolerance.  Protect real science
Jim Geddes, DCSD board, said in board mtg Tues that kids on IEPs/SpEd kids should not get school choice.  Choice only 4 some
First, a hashtag is not a townhall. Second, you still refuse to listen to voters. You have done a disservice to CO.
I'm starting to think that you really don't understand class in this country. A choice is meaningless without means.
can you tell me how rural kids benefit when the only choice within 100 miles is public school, which needs to be supported?
well surprise, surprise.  I saw that coming from a mile away.  Enjoy your time in DC, because in 2020 you're gone.
school choice doesn't work for poor people
And I'll bet your gonna pay their tuition too! 
That's cool, I support getting you out of office ASAFP.
support public schools or lose my vote
you are from Yuma. What choices will your neighbors have there when public schools are defunded??
What a future! Do you & ur family grandchildren & rest of the wealthy plan on living in nuclear free vaults? #Fukushima
Be careful what you wish for. School choice emboldens "separate but equal" education and weakens public schools. #beenthere
No sir. What I c is u & this admin support only Wealthy & want 2 destroy the poor, vulnerable - & our 1 & ignore Fukushima!
Fix the negative factor and stop plugging CO budget shortages with ed funds
how many educators have you consulted? Nobody supports this platform because we've studied it and it's flawed.
I believe in the separation of church and state. I don't want my $ supporting religious schools.
Also, when will you have a real town hall without pre-screening calls? #GardnerTownHall
Open enrollment already exists. Pub schools need more $, we don't need vouchers for families with better $ already.
how do you propose to transport these kids. Rural areas won't have those choices.
@indivisiblefrr So glad YOU support it, but your CONSTITUENTS don't. Who do you represent? Your constituents or your donors?
I do.
I think that public schools should all be equal.  I don't want my tax dollars going towards funding religion
Please support improvements in ALL public schools.
you are a puppet of Betsy, she gave you lots of money to say that, can't wait till we fire you!!!
"...Many nations view their teachers as “nation builders,” preparing the country’s next generation."
"...They are expected to be the best in the world and are compensated accordingly..."
"...pay similar to that of senior civil servants and professionals such as engineers and accountants..."
"In high-performing countries, teachers are compensated more generously than American teachers, typically earning..."
For profit schools leave when the profit goes. And in the meantime they have gutted other students chances.
thanks for reminding me to note vote for you. Religious public schools do not deserve tax money.
as long as my tax dollars aren't going to fund ANY religious school or classes and real science, not a myth, is taught 80112
so by funding private schools, oh I mean giving them public money make them ... public schools?
you need to support public schools.  I'm your constituent.
you couldn't have said that proudly
What if they want to go to a good public school?  Will that still be possible?
Why isn't our marijuana taxes going towards the schools? We could fix all schools and pay our teachers living wages 
school choice won't help poor who can't choice out and it won't help rural where there is no choice-Fund ALL 80228 #unpaid
public education should be supported not gutted.
why not just make all public schools good with proper funding?
Only well off students really have "choice".
Vouchers only cover a part of tuition, and don't help kids from poor homes. They help wealthy families evade public schools.
PS I CHOOSE the public school my kids currently go- oldest needs an IEP for ASD. How does DeVos ignorance help my child?!
So, please Sir, not ANY school. Only REAL, public schools deserve our support. Thank you.
stop defunding public schools. "choice" is a shibboleth and leads to poor kids getting shafted. DeVos is wrong. So are you.
not okay. School choice only works for rich kids. And what about the kids whose parents don't care? They don't deserve educ
That kind of stuff is NOT SCHOOL and should NEVER receive tax dollars. Esp. at the expense of a real public school.
"This includes teaching young earth creationism & demeaning other religions & other Christian faiths including Catholicism.”
Ex: A Beka school: “Throughout the K-12 curriculum, A Beka consistently presents the Bible as literal history and science."
And that is why I will be voting against you in 2020... because you don't listen to teachers and parents
timento jump off the DeVos bandwagon and serve your constituents. We do not want this.
I support access to school choice if you can afford private schools no tax dollars to religious schools ( Christian Muslim )
Oh I see.. you're ok with us choosing our schools... But you should have say over our bodies?
Im with you girl.
Why funnel taxes away from needy neighborhood school systems, to fund private/religious/homeschools with LOWER standards?
instead of voting for the elitist unqualified Betsy Devos, put money into schools to help all children!
Kids deserve access to real education. All public schools should work, excellently. Fix the system, don't privatize it.
Tax dollars should only fund real public schools. Draining public schools to fund private religious schools is not a choice.
Can you tell me how you feel about the traitor in the WH?
you seem to be answering very similar questions to your last tele-town hall.  This ish is weak, bro.
This is code for supporting religion in schools. You are a monster just like your benefactors.
but do you believe in holding these schools accountable?
Kids have a RIGHT to education. Religious schools that teach "alt facts" & quiver home-schools aren't real, so DO NOT FUND.
I think school choice is great too! I also want public schools to be fully funded and supported.
Yes, for public schools. Religious schools = people have to pay for them themselves.
Any school? We have a public school system for a reason. Make our schools better and let's compete globally! Not divide.
School choice is great in theory - until you think about what choices people will be able to make. Schools will resegregate.
That's already happened.
exactly.
What about low income kids who don't have the resources to go to "any school"? @SenCoryGardner
: But “school choice” takes $ away from the public schools most in need. Also “choice” schools don’t have to accept any kid.
I support school choice like in DPS, but not to religious schools, unconstitutional.
Opportunity doesn't equal entry into a 15k per year private school. Please advise how I solve this issue with 2 kids to go.
I support school choice, not vouchers for priv schools. Don't conflate. Vouchers steal $ from pub schools, then they fail.
that's why you won't go to town halls & face your constituents. Coward.
