Hey Cory, where's the healthcare bill text? It's not ok to draft legislation like this in the dark! Is it so bad you can't show us??
I'm a Dem running against Sen Gardner in 2020 w/ platform of Science, Ed, and Environment. I'm a Pharmacist who know healthcare!
Dustin would you lead a group that produced a bill affecting 20% of our economy and hide it from your constituents?  Just wondering!
Absolutely not. That isn't how I would even dream to operate. I'm about accessibility and openness.
How about health care? When will the public debate on your bill be had?
I'm a Dem running against Sen Gardner in 2020 w/ a platform of Science, Ed, and Environment. I'm a Pharmacist who knows healthcare!
I sure hope you consider that when writing the new healthcare bill. Might help if you include a few women or actual scientists though...
Good enough for me. Throw support behind equality for LGBTQ and feminism and you got my vote.
Issues I address on my website: http://www.leitzelforcolorado.com 
Glad to have you on board.
What about the health care bill?! Why is GOP trying to sneak that through?! No hearings, no public reveal 
I'm a Dem running against Sen Gardner in 2020 w/ a platform of Science, Ed, and Environment. I'm a Pharmacist who knows healthcare!

You obviously have a difficult time with common sense, but I see you have a PhD in copying memes. Quite original.
Honest question: which pro-science “ideas” do Republicans have that aren’t shared by Democrats?
Science is good, except in the case of climate change? Prove you support research and stand up to this administration and Rep leadership.
No science shouldn't be partisan. Neither should health care, education, love, equality, but you Reps are making it so. Be the change!
I'm a Dem running against Sen Gardner in 2020 w/ platform of Science, Ed, and Environment. I'm a Pharmacist who know healthcare!
I hope you're in contact with Colorado Action Networks. They'll want to know all about you. :)
I attended a post card event in CO Springs.
Good, that's them. :)
Rather read about when you plan to start doing your job.
So are you going to stand up to Trump, Pruitt, and Zinke, who all say that #climatechange isn't real?
Vote NO on the repeal. The idea that women, the sick, and disabled might once again be second-class citizens in the eyes of healthcare.
Also, sometimes your hand is forced as a scientist. The government has made science a partisan issue.
You really have no clue. U can't have it both ways when you confirm Pruitt, Perry and DeVos YOU are making it a partisan issue!
Don't approve murder just to go along!#RepealObamacareAsPromised! #UnitedForFreedom!
Is this just some weird performance art stunt to troll Coloradoans? Like we can't see from your voting record your disdain for science?
Neither should HEALTHCARE be.
You do not represent Colorado. When you need us in 2020, we won't be there for you. #FlipTheHouse #FlipTheSenate
If he votes for the healthcare bill without them releasing it to the public I will work to help defeat him next election.
Even if he "releases" it, his group of GOPers didn't get any input from other MOC 's,the public, women or professionals. No CBO. 
You need to vote against any health care plan that makes your constituents suffer!
You are close to infamy my friend, beware.
And yet you voted for people like Pruitt. Your words are meaningless when your actions show you lie.
@SenCoryGardner Dear Senator I hope you plan to represent CO and not vote in favor of the GOP Senate Health Care Bill! #ACA2017 #dueprocess
Trump calls climate change a hoax. How the hell can you continue to cower before that orange fool?
We expect #FullRepeal! Dont contribute further to the downfall of ur party by pushing thru #SwampCare.  #KeepThePromise!! #UnitedForFreedom
Federal gov't control of healthcare is about power  
Defend free enterprise!
#Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Do not vote this health care bill in!
I'd prefer you actually come see us #TownHall vs writing articles. What's up with #SteathCare?  Pls read this
How's the healthcare tax breaks going for the wealthy?
So should healthcare #SAVETHEACA
Sen Gardner lacks the integrity to acknowledge that it's Republicans who have made climate change science a partisan issue.
Socialist healthcare is going to get you fired!
AHCA does NOTHING to make health care affordable, because  government not competent to do FREE MARKET'S job. #Full Repeal #UnitedForFreedom
So explain your vote on climate change denier @EPAScottPruitt then.
It wouldn't be if you all actually paid attention to science and denied climate change.
It's over 80 degrees at midnight in Boulder, CO, middle of June
You take $$$ from oil & other public polluters 
@SenBennetCO
I agree that science shouldn't be a partisan issue and hope this means you acknowledge climate change and the actions needed to halt it.
#KeepThePromise of a #FullRepeal! Republicans have no excuse! Nothing has changed, if you campaigned on #FullRepeal we expect nothing less!
Your op-ed is correct, but I don't see how to square it with your silence on the Trump administration's backward stance on climate change.
You have no integrity @SenCoryGardner
I'd love to review that, but I'm your constituent and would prefer to see the text of the proposed #AHCA bill first.
You belong to a party that has politicized science, health care, civil rights, economics, all at the expense of the less fortunate.
Your party still thinks tax cuts pay for themselves. You voted against the methane rule.
You haven't held a town hall in over a year. The House version of your plan was so bad it was rushed and voted on before CBO scoring.
Your party criticized the previous administration for doing EXACTLY what you guys did.
Now you have a bill that won't have hearings, won't be debated, and now you're trying to pretend that you're a champion for science?
Sorry, I don't believe you.

Signed,
An engineer
80525
Seconded by a degree holder in Economics. 80602.
Totally agree by a J.D. holder.  80219
Why are you drafting healthcare behind closed doors. We deserve and demand better. Shame on you
Nor should health care access. #BCRA #NotAnswer. Please #VoteNo #timeForAllRepublicans: #stopEnablingHim, #Time4SinglePayer
You're colluding in secret to write a healthcare bill and not taking feedback or comment from your Dem colleagues or Colorado constituents
Health care shouldn't be either. Why the stealth cut-Medicaid-and-women's-Health bill?
Interesting that you didn't discuss your party's inability to understand or accept the modern science of climate change.
You're meeting with Hitler today?
Why is health care a partisan issue?  Why are you trying to sneak a bill through?  You work for the people, not 45.  Show us the bill!
Excellent article.  Thanks for supporting science!!!
Junk Science!  NOAA has admitted that Climate Change will take at least a 1000 years to reverse.  Why jeopardize the economy!
Great op-ed, but you didn't mention #climatechange, which is the single greatest problem to be solved by sci/tech today.
Tell that to your friends in Washington? Or maybe stop putting party over country? Or actually meet with some CO scientists?
Hilarious.  Cory Gardner on science and funding.
Of course it's not partisan--science is science and there is no debate with the scientific community.
You're kidding right?! This is a joke?! You support the anti-science president! You confirmed Scott Pruitt! You supported hacking EPA!
Upset that @SenCoryGardner ignores his constituents? So are we. Follow @indivisibleden: we’ll work together ensure CO voters are heard.
Your attitude toward science is that it must serve a commercial purpose rather than serve discovery. Knowledge alone is a sufficient reason.
Read it. Not one word about climate change which is the single biggest faith-based denial of science since the church punished Galileo. Sad!
We want an op-ed scheduling a LIVE, IN PERSON town hall. Why won't you meet us face to face? What are you afraid of?? Bawk Bawk.
Coward Cory is an embarrassment to Colorado.
This seems to indicate you will not approve Trump's budget yet your voting record indicates you vote w/Trump 100% of the time.  Plz explain.
So you understand you were not created, but came from a blind mechanical process called evolution. Welcome to the club.
That's great. People should not be without healthcare. Everyone should have equal access to medical treatment regardless of work status or $
2) ...otherwise you're ComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicitComplicit
Be sure to not vote for the "revised" Obamacare. It's an abomination perpetrated by the devious, unethical, & cruel Senator Ryan against USA
You've done everything you can to hamstring science in CO, the US, and the world. You're a joke, a hypocrite and a liar. #BYEFELICIA
What's your position on climate change? I skimmed your op-ed, but missed that part.
That's really fantastic. Thank you. I feel the same way about funding the arts and humanities. It should be a bipartisan effort. #savenea
Hey @SenCoryGardner - How about letting the health care bill get a full hearing? #trumpcarestinks #americaforALL#COreswhovotes
My hope is that this is a small step to breakaway from a party who openly discredits science, facts, and unbiased media.
Your voting record cancels out what you wrote. #flipthehouse #flipthesenate
Upset that @SenCoryGardner ignores his constituents? So are we. Follow @indivisibleden: we’ll work together ensure CO voters are heard.
How about YOU be sure to craft that healthcare legislation out in the open. Coloradans before party, Cory. 80123
Let's debate it at a Colorado Town Hall!

Healthcare shouldn't be partisan and neither should the environment. Stop voting lock step with Trump and maybe we will believe you care.
I've read all posts and did not see any response from @SenCoryGardner. Come on Senator, what are you afraid of? Answer our questions!
So we're going balls to the wall on climate change?
Senator Healthcare is what's on the table right now. What's your position? See you soon.
Yet you voted to confirm Pruitt and Perry, two science deniers. Put your votes where your mouth is. #resist #2020
Grateful for your support & proud to have visited your office in May to show how @NSF supported my dissertation research on wounded warriors
Trump's EPA dismisses half of the scientists on its advisory board


And the trump Russia investigation should not be a partisan issue either!  Please fight for science and against Trump!  Something is wrong!
How is that town Hall Meeting Coming?
Be sure to read the hundreds of op-eds from your constituents in every Colorado newspaper asking you to hold a public town hall.
I will certainly read your article... along with the AHCA draft.  Please post a link to that as well.
Ok. Agreed. Maybe you can stop by Colorado and discuss it with us in person? We miss you. Oh and vote no on that 13 grumpy men health bill.
Then why do you continue supporting a traitorous President who doesn't believe in science?
Senator, health care ought not to be a partisan issue either.
craven cory, words are cheap. votes tell your ACTUAL positions. why not have a REAL TOWN HALL to discuss all this?
Neither is access to healthcare.  Shameful how the senate R's are handling the ACA...secrecy in govt?  Show us your plan!
Is this why you and the other R's are trying to pass your disastrous "health" care bill in secret?
Healthcare shouldn't be a partisan issue either. You were elected to represent us. Show your constiuents the Senate version of the AHCA.
The GOP denies science and made this a partisan issue. Hypocrite
Hey Cory, what's in the secret health care bill all about..be careful
Hey, you know what science is part of? Healthcare. Show us the bill.
Your vote for Pruitt speaks volumes about you not listed in your op-ed.
This rings hollow in light of your position on Paris Accord
But healthcare is. The GOP Senate is literally killing us.
#WeWillReplaceYou
your voting record on Pruitt does not match. When are hearings and public copy of AHCA? No transparency! 80211
Yeah that's great. Talk one way vote another. Now about the health care bill ... we want to know what's in it.
You need to stop talking about science until you acknowledge climate change. You can't have it both ways!!! #climatedenier
@SenCoryGardner you're such a clown. Actions speak louder than words.
How about putting your votes where your mouth is!   
Saying you support scientific research is great, but you voted for Pruitt, Perry, DeVos -- all devoted to destroying their respective depts.
You also don't seem interested in applying research/evidence/facts to public health and health care policy.   0 hearings on AHCA = SHAME!
Important issue but I'd rather you talk about your views on the healthcare bill that you are helping to draft in secret
Great piece on not making science partisan. Yet you side with trump on anti science issues! How about a town hall to discuss?
Healthcare?
Where is the GOP Senate health care bill? We deserve the facts!
Senator, actions speak louder than words. So how's that healthcare for everyone at a lower rate coming along?
Healthcare is now a partisan issue.  However, you and your Republican colleagues should not legislate secretly.  #ShowUsTheBill
This is great, thank you. Would you please affirm that climate change is real and caused by humans. Too many Rs disbelieve this fact. #80228
SO... you believe in Climate Change and that we must act to mitigate a growing crisis. That's science. What deniers spew is BS.
That is true, thanks. But the healthcare bill needs our inputs. Make sure that it is not forced through in secrecy.
Hear that ticking sound Cory?  That's the time running out on your Senate career.
When is weak Cory Gardner going to meet with his constituents and not a bogus telephone open house? People have concerns and have ?'s
Great U support science! 45 budget guts ARPA NOAA EPA DOE NIH & USGS  What RU doing to protect science ?
Then why confirm Pruitt? He doesn't buy science.
No it shouldn't. Yet it is. And the GOP of which you are a part is a big problem. Don't remove health care too
Science became a partisan  issue as soon as gov got involved, makes scientists lobbyists
How 'bout climate change & your vote for @ScottPruittOK? How 'bout health care? We Coloradans see right through your "nonpartisan" nonsense.
Where's Cory?
What about climate science? You support Trump and Pruitt, two deniers. So ironic it hurts.
2020
No thanks, Cory. Now go back to your hole and finish that awful health care bill that we can't see or read. Chump.
Why did you vote for Scott Pruitt then?
Be sure to refer to your own vote for science-denying Pruitt before you insult your constituents with this asinine revisionist nonsense.
Seriously, you don't believe in climate change! How can you begin to lecture anyone at all on science? Unbelievable!!
Healthcare shouldn't either. Show the bill. #TownHall
so did you consider science when you voted against the methane rule? Good ol CH4 sure contributes to global warming. #asshat
Where's the healthcare bill draft? What's in the bill draft? By your own staff's admission you are not informed re: healthcare. Talk to us!
And you still approve of fouling air & H2O, giving away our national monuments to oil cos, removing HC and tax breaks for the rich. SAD
But healthcare should be?
