You still need to hold an in person town hall. These are not good enough
STOP CALLING THESE TOWN HALLS
Still don't have balls to hold dialog in person? Phone screen to softball questions. One-way monologue & no regard for our wishes. Coward.
These are a joke and you are becoming one as well. Only it isn't funny.
Are you actually in Colorado? #whereiscory?
That's not a town hall. Can you only make in person appearances to special interest groups? #reclaimrecess #copolitics
Also, please stop enabling & move to impeach the mentally ill bully who is stealing from us who thinks dead people are his friends. Thanks!
@maddow You know this is a joke!  You are avoiding real meaningful interaction with your constituents!  I am blocked from asking ?'s on FB

Show your face in denver and face the music. You represent the people of Colorado
2020
Be a man!!! #adiosIN18 #adiosIN20
Boo! How about showing up in person? Do you even really actually exist? I'm starting to think you're just a bot.
Try having a real in-person town hall #CoryTheCoward #OneTermSenator
Why is it so hard to get a face to face with you? Could it be those you represent don't have tens of thousands of dollars to buy your time?
Or the $400,000 of telecom lobby $$ you got to sell us out on our ISP privacy?  What constituent ever EVER  asked you to vote that way?
Who cares
Your future opponent gets more support every day that you are too weak to face your voters.
Waste of time. Plus ur office puts out robo calls b/c you're unable to get enough constituents to voluntarily sign up. Hold face to face TH
what's the point of a town hall where you don't actually face your constituents? Coward!
24 's for this tweet-pretty much says it all...
If @RepMikeCoffman  can do it, so can you!  Suck it up, Buttercup!
Still afraid to face us in person, huh? What a tool.
You're such a coward
Ass 
Nope, not good enough. Pontificating just too much. No chance Q&A, only ur viewpoint w/o explaining why u support policies majority doesn't
You claim to represent the people of CO, but you won't even meet with them. You're a sell out, cowardly Cory and you'll serve only 1 term.
Coward
We are sick of listening to you. When are you going to have a forum that WE get to be heard?
Not a town hall and replies to letters are canned!  You will be out in 2020. #wethepeoplearepissed.

Coward
I love reading all of these cry baby pee pants comments.  You all need a hobby.
Pathetic. Show up in person!
You're gonna pretend you care #notcoolcory
still afraid?
So when are you going to have a real town hall, @sencorygardner?
I’m hosting another #GardnerTownHall call on Monday, 4/24 at 5:45pm MT. Sign up to get a call or participate online: http://www.gardner.senate.gov/live  
I'm a pharmacist running against Sen Gardner in 2020. Please see my platform at http://www.leitzelforcolorado.com 
Thank you! Fact based politics is such a breath of fresh air. Literally.
Your constituents want a real town hall #faketownhall
A telephone town hall? That is a skewed and unbalanced forum. You can do better. Please try.
We don't bite. Meet with us. Hold a real town hall. You have a lot of angry constituents you still need to hear and represent.
Call Jared Polis. He can tell you how to do it right.
BOYCOTT Cory's Town Hall.  Let him hear silence on the other end, just as we hear silence from him.  Please RT.  #BoycottCory
Meet with us in person, coward.
Coward, time to face your constituents face to face Cory
such BS, I attended the last two. You are hiding, don't want to answer the tough questions. My family, we are done with you.
I'm a constituent. I should not have 2 sign up 2 listen 2 you on a phone. I should B able 2 attend a meeting & interact with you! Not happy!
Your link to sign up is not working, @SenCoryGardner disappointing.
Will you provide captions or transcript or a way to access call so #Deaf #hardofhearing can participate? #gardnertownhall
You can do all these you want but they won't replace a true #TownHall. Your constituents deserve better! #wherescory
BTW How many town hall mtgs have u had?
Shame on U-Coloradoans FACE challenges not use phone-in mtgs. Ur mtgs w/groups not the same a PUBLIC townhall. Support ur voters or go home
https://trklvs.com/index.html?s=687055&f=77 …
I won't make your fake town hall meeting- let us know when you have the courage to do a real one. My request-trump taxes-& he needs to go!
We want to see trumps taxes - work on that plz
Are you sure you know where the State of Colorado is located? I am sure you will hide under a rock like a coward and phone it in again.
You'll have to start doing the hard parts of the job at some point before 2020. Facing ppl only gets harder the longer you wait.
Say it all you want, it's not a 'town hall'. Be honest - you are afraid to face Colorado voters like me. Bought & paid for.   #DoYourJob
You need to host one in-person. 80231
Won't sully yourself with in person town halls? Pitiful. Hiding behind a conference call? Cowardly
I wish I could join in.  I hope you put the kebash on all the paid protesters.  They do not represent us.
Scared to try one in person Cory?
SHAM,
stop calling these "town halls". It's not a town hall. It's a conference call where you talk and people listen.
All due respect, but are you fucking kidding? In person town hall, especially after your "invite only" town hall (ie fund raiser).
A call? WTH? The last call was a fiasco. No thanks. #unrepresented
How are you not getting that every time you do one of these you do way more harm than good?  Your approval rating is <35%. Connect the dots
As your constituent, please listen!Do Not fund "the Wall". We can not afford it. That money could fund soooo many other reasonable projects.
You're not fooling anyone, Senator Dodgeball.
With all due respect, sir. The people need a live town hall from you.
That was way more respectful than what is due him. Try "in person, you coward".
Why won't you meet your constituents face to face?
That is not a Town Hall Senator Gardner. Are you afraid to look your constituents in the eye? #taxpayer #Coloradovoter
When will you be brave enough to do one in person?
Please take your TTH as an opportunity to resign. Maybe become head of the Republican party.  At least then you'll be a real representative.
You're a hack!
Coward.
Another opportunity for us to listen to your talking points rather than get real questions answered. Not good enough
I always thought town hall meetings happened in "town hall"... in person. Face your constituents and do your job! 80026
I'll be on it as I've been on the other two too... we want an IN PERSON town hall. I've sat with my questions unanswered both times.
Do a real town hall. Or better yet, resign. You corrupt crook
You suck. Booooookkk
Doesn't count.
Americans don't get paid when they call into their jobs...this is true for your constituents & will be true for you too if you keep this up
Great point!
Why not in person? Better to interact with your constituents.
What a Coward@
Stop it with these damn calls. Show up in person for once. What are you afraid of Cory???  Your "constituency"????
You've been off for how long? Why won't you have a face-to-face town hall (excluding invitation only mtgs)?
Your efforts to address your constituents needs are minimal at best. I'll make a similar effort to support your 2018 campaign.
He's ours until 2020 
Darn! Teach me to post before checking my dates. Thanks for the clarification!
If u won't meet with us, u can't represent us
Are you paying attention to your replies? #WeThePeople want a real, in-person #TownHall, no sham. News reports you're the ONLY CO 1 not to!


coward.   Do it for real. And represent your constituents accurately.
You had a two week recess. But this is what your constituency is worth?
Let's have a real In Person town hall meeting  I know you can do it.   Dates please.
You're a cowardly man, Sen. Gardner. It's your obligation to meet with ALL of your constituents, not just friendly supporters. #StopHiding
@RepKenBuck can you have a powwow with @SenCoryGardner on how to hold a town hall? I don't agree with Ken but at least he came to a townhall
Coward
Get out and look into the faces of those you were elected to represent! You owe them at least that much!
Your tele town halls are a joke. And you are a fraud. If you cared about what your constituents had to say, you'd meet them face to face.
What afraid of the moms, grandma's, grandpas, dads, ...?? I know, "representing"/facing your constituents is hard...SAD!

I can't say I agree with much that Tom Cotton says, but I respect that he's willing to hold in person town halls.
#gardnertownhall is fake news. Hold an in person town hall.
it's time to hold a REAL town hall. Coffman did it, so can you.
Gutless!  Afraid to face the people he is supposed to represent.
Calls are SO WEAK. Face your constituents. Go out on a positive note. No one will ever forget your betrayal and cowardice. U r no moderate.
NW Denver, fire up your phones...
We want an in-person town hall! Stop phoning it in.
here we go again with the craven cory conference call. how about a REAL TOWN HALL? at red rocks!
HOLD AN *ACTUAL* TOWN HALL, YOU GIANT BABY.
Sorry, not good enough. @indivisiblefrr @indivisibleco6
Host a real town hall you coward.
Want to be able to google your responses? I can tell you now you should look up tips to updating your resume. I recommend @indeed
How about a REAL town hall where you actually face your constituents? #RESISTANCE #realtownhall
You mean a censored call in town hall where you can cut people off who ask tough questions? You're a coward.
Broadcasting from an undisclosed location?  Maybe NORAD?  You can't hide from your constituents forever.
We want to see you in person
DON'T DARE FACE THE PEOPLE FACE TO FACE CORY , THAT'S REALLY LAME , MR ONE TERM SEN .
When will you dare to hold an in-person meeting?
Phone town halls are not a #townhall ... meet face2face with your constituents or lose your job in 2020 #voteCoryout
Are you ever going to have an in-person town hall during the next 3 years? If not, ignore us at your peril Cory.
We hope you're going to make a Chaffetz-like announcement! Good luck to us!
No calls. In person only
Aka I'm afraid to face the people who I am supposed to represent because they've noticed I've sold them out. Devos, Pruitt.
Because clearly the take away from today is we like to ignore facts and logic.  Cut the crap and hold a real town hall.
I'm a pharmacist running against Sen Gardner in 2020 and proudly marched today. Please see my platform at http://www.leitzelforcolorado.com 
Also happy earth day, thanks for your commitment to ruining the world by gutting the EPA and denying climate change!
#FakeTownHall by #FakeSenator #RecallCory
Why not in person?
A telephone call is not a town hall and your constituents know it.  Quit ducking us.
No, the #GardnerTownHall is not a town hall. It's you talking over a PA system.
What a joke. Nobody wants to listen to answers from your pre-screened questions. Have a REAL town hall and speak to your constituents.
And listen to more of your canned rhetoric? No thanks. Waste of time. You are all about the GOP - not your constituents.
TTH's are a sham and we will not be satisfied until U do the right thing and have an open in person Town Hall. #WheresCory #ReclaimRecess
"Another"! Cory, please, as a friend, trust me. You're the only person you're fooling. Your constituents are adults. In person or nothing.
womp
Meet the people in person, you wuss!
GARDNER go back to WASHINGTON and help us rid ourselves of king con and his traitorous minions!
No thanks.
Sham town hall. We don't bite, we just ask questions. Actually, I bet you would be less scared of us if we bit instead of asking questions.
NO FACE TO FACE FOR GUTLESS CORY .
I just hope the  aren't probing too much.
Hard to trust you when we can't ask you questions in person. Are you that afraid of your constituents? Man up Cory! #havearealtownhall
Even our police chief is holding an in person meeting.
You are the worst. Host a real town hall.
Another fake town hall? When will we see you in person? #wherescory?
Come out in person.
