JUST IN: The United States has detected a ballistic missile launch out of North Korea, Pentagon spokesman says http://cnn.it/2uFgZyd  
Did @realDonaldTrump sign it yet? #Putinspuppet
Senator, how about negotiating peace with the N Koreans?  Not like anything else is working.
We are ready for a town hall any time, Sir. Just tell us when & where.
Just like you sent a strong message to the people of Colorado that you don't care about there rights to Health Care.  #loser
Speaking of strong messages: how many times did you vote to take away healthcare? What are your post 2020 plans?

Your vote on repealing healthcare shows you could not give a sh*t about us. You're a sheep.
oh yeah, and u also don't give a sh*t about being re-elected. Cause u won't be.
We must send a strong iMessage to all Coloradans that you must be unseated in your upcoming election.
"Tolerate?" What is your proposal? Invade? Sanctions? The 1st is untenable & the 2nd hasn't worked, so what does "intolerance" look like?
U criticized Obama as being weak on the DPRK. So ur idea of strength is sending a "strong message"?  Perhaps you should write it in all caps
Hey Cory, you know what's different this week? Now, your votes are on the record. Don't pretend this week didn't happen. We won't forget!
Emperor Cory has no clothes.  #2020
I think the collapse of the WH staff is sending a strong message to the rest of the world, too: America doesn't know what it is doing.
Americans are still more threatened by @SenCoryGardner reckless stance on healthcare than they are by far away N Korea.
Geez, thanks Cor, but after yes to killing health care with a mystery bill, yes to filtered internet, focus on getting your resume updated.
Your behavior as our senator is belligerent. And the fact that you're blindly supporting @realDonaldTrump is beyond disgusting
Can we send a strong message to Congress? Get you s*** together.
Let's get him removed. Article I, Section 5, clause 2.
@SenCoryGardner, where are you? Please communicate with your constituents about Healthcare and Trump! #CountryOverParty #Resist @GOP
your voting record for the people of Colorado is abysmal. You've been bought and sold.
I would like you to send a strong message to the @POTUS: we will not tolerate this belligerent behavior.
Again,we are SO PROUD of u 4 taking a difficult stance. Each position u take that I agree with is a position that only a moron would oppose.
We must send strong message to GOP that they must work bi-partisan to #fixNotReplace #aca.
were there ANY health organizations calling for repeal & replace of #ACA? I don't think so: http://www.apa.org/news/press/releases/2017/07/senate-failure-aca.aspx … tRumpCare doesn't care
Not going to forget your healthcare vote.
Your constituents send you strong message daily You seem to be deaf  Have a #townhall #ProtectOurCare or #loseyourseat
You have constituents arrested for wanting to talk to you. You're trying to be more like N Korea. Please just move there.
Please send to Trump also. Thank you.
Funny. Many Americans tolerate Trump's belligerent behavior.
Like the strong message U send us #cardboardcoryco 487 days without meeting your CO constituents!  We don't  matter? NO. You don't matter.
Proudly removed some disgusting signs from in front of your Greeley office. Disappointed in these disgruntled constituents.
We must send a strong message to our sell-out Senator. Hold a goddamned town hall or we will vote your ass onto Pennsylvania ave.
Don't agree with every health care plan GOP made.  
You're not getting reelected in 2020, no matter how hard to trying to distract your constituents from your cowardice
Yes - it’s crucially important we stand up to authoritarian regimes all over the worl- hey wait a minute...
Picture is worth a thousand words. #RESIGN
I wonder if Cory has photos ops shaking hands with #healthcare patient advocacy groups?  @AARPCO @AmerMedicalAssn @coruralhealth #FixTheACA
No but he had them arrested
Another thing Cory needs to talk to us about - locking up @NationalAdapt citizens peacefully protesting #copolitics
Everybody in CO has the same question -where is @SenCoryGardner? Maybe too ashamed of his vote to strip healthcare to come home? #WheresCory 
You voted "Yes" We will remember & remind others in 2020
You owe your constituents an apology (or at least a statement) about your healthcare vote. + Tip: #impeachtrump to keep N Korea in line.
Why don't you move to North Korea instead of making the US more like them? Signed, your constituent that you had arrested.
On 7/28/17, under cover of night, spineless @SenCoryGardner voted to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS to give TAX CUTS to RICH!!!

#COWARD
@realDonaldTrump This idiotic administration cannot be strong in any arena Impeachment is the only solution
Great. Hey, by the way, when is your next town hall? I'm guessing never. Coward.
Yes. You are in right track here but wrong track w healthcare for Coloradans Mr Gardner.  Really really disgusted by your vote last night.
@SenCoryGardner always excited to spend money and start wars
Oh your gonna get a strong message after three straight yes votes Cory...Colorado will not forget you tried to kick 700k off of insurance!
You are right on N Korea. Need you to step up on condemning Russia for meddling in our election process.  Y'v been weak in this area
I'm waiting on the GOP not to tolerate the belligerence of @realDonaldTrump
YES, strong sanctions on China. 
May require Japan& S.Korea be armed with missle defense & Nuclear offense. 
Last resort, bring troops home.
Why not send a message that you care about #colorado and have a town hall meeting?
Let's blow them up already!!!!
Speaking of belligerent behavior...try taking a look Mooch. And POTUS. And the whole Trump clan. What's your toleration level there?
N. Korea belligerent behavior? Anything like a 17yr war in Afghanistan? Invasion of Iraq,Libya,Syria? Problems in Venezuela? Hypocrisy!
Or the belligerent behavior of our police? Isn't that exactly the kind of state tyranny the GOP was formed to prevent?
What about the belligerent behavior of our president?
Full statements on N. Korea missile and on sanctions bill. Can't wait to read your full statement on your horrendous vote on skinny repeal.
Think kim's feeling in the mood because of OUR belligerent president? Whatcha gonna do about our own Made in America crazy guy?
Can't say crap about healthcare but can count on yr NK rants.
How about growing a spine and facing your constituents?  Tell us why you voted to rip health care away from so many?  You are insignificant.
Funny how you are perfectly fine accepting the belligerent behavior of the president though.
We will be sending a strong message to YOU for failing us as a senator. Enjoy your final term in office.
Strong messages aren't your strength. Cowardice and failure are.
Did you get the train noise taken care of?? Probably too busy to take a stance on Healthcare. But you did with your vote and you lost. Sad 
Stop fear mongering
Work to fix the ACA
Is there a more stern look or a more pronounced finger wag we can offer?? We all know we won't use force unless there's an attack.
Cory Gardner? Didn't he used to be a Senator for Colorado before he sold out to the rich, Koch brothers etc.
He screwed over his constituents so bad he was too guilty to hold or show up for town halls
Do you have to get on your knees when you meet with Comrade @realDonaldTrump ?
How about explaining your vote to take away healthcare from millions of Americans? 

... 
At a
Town Hall in Colorado!
Not the president. You are not the chief of all things North Korea. And btw screw you for your vote last night.
We're not going to tolerate your bullshit either!
Talks tough. Coward at heart. @SenCoryGardner
Tough senators protect from both inside and outside threats. Tough talk but you're dropping the ball. Wake up @SenCoryGardner. #trumprussia
People of rural CO deserve a Sen that will fight for lower premiums & increase Insur participation. Cross the aisle, work w/Dems, do ur job!
You need to work with Dems to fix health care.
What about a strong message on the belligerent behavior coming out of the whitehouse? GFY!
Enough hiding ! Speak about your healthcare ridiculousness
Last night you voted to kill more Americans than North Korea ever will in all likelihood. You own that vote and CO will never forget that.
I'm sending a strong message to YOU. PROTECT AND IMPROVE THE ACA. Strengthen social security and Medicare.  Ignore north Korea-Focus on US
You'll get our strong message November 2020!
Remember Colorado voted blue. You barely scraped out a win last time. You don't meet voters, u suck up to Trump, and will politically pay!
How about not tolerating you anymore. Party puppet, 1 term. You could have been like McCain now you are just a 
Do u feel good about the 575,00 CO. Residents u voted to kick off healthcare?ur on record now as a hack party puppet.We will remember #2020
The only strong message that @SenCoryGardner sends is that he will do everything for mitch mcdonnell and nothing for #Colorado
True & USA mustn't belligerent either. GOP attacks own citizens threaten health & wellbeing. Thank God 3 brave senators
True. Here is my strong message to you re your lack of response to constituents & your votes on HC. I will remember come election day.
2020
Excuse U? So youre telling us your more focused on the belligerent actions of another leader but not the belligerent actions of Trumps admin
Ok, all fixed. We must send a strong message to Trump. we will not tolerate his belligerent behavior.
He has become the next Saddam Hussein or Osama Bin Laden. He can't go on and I don't see the US just standing by as his tries to nuke us.
Yet you can roll over and play dead on healthcare. We need you to hold a town hall. We have questions for you.  You need to answer us.
.@SenCoryGardner,  Kim Jong-un is laughing and knows you're too cowardly to meet your constituents.
Belligerent behavior isn't that what you did last night
Interesting timing of this tweet, and nothing but crickets about healthcare.
Well, Cor Cor, good thing you ain't in charge then. Your empty words echo loudly, but carry no weight. Same "Old Kind of Republican".
Will the skinny repeal you voted for last night cover radiation poisoning? 

You're a loser, voted with the losers and deserve to be ousted.
@JChengWSJ @CNN Looks like your constituents r sending u a strong message. Nice try with the NK distraction tho. #resign
We will not tolerate your belligerent behavior. Go peddle your pretend leadership to whoever you sold your votes to.
Hey Cory, thanks for nothing last night!  Care to explain your unpopular vote?
Care to explain how after 7 years GOP just had to rush through a midnight special vote.  That is not how our democracy is supposed to work
You don't send a strong message to US here at home, so sure... I don't believe you, WE don't believe IN you, so yeah, why not.
#TOWNHALLNOW
Donald Trump is too busy trashing the very person who'd be helping protect us from the danger to do anything to show strength to North Korea
We tolerate your trying to rip healthcare from millions. You are deplorable.

Oh sweet Jesus you are really hard for killing Coloradans. First last night's vote, and you keep pushing for hostility with NK.
You voted last night to strip Coloradans of health care by raising their premiums.  It is clear you serve Trump, and not Colorado. 

Resign.
Get informed instead of trolling Cory Gardner.
He voted to repeal the ACA with no replacement.  

He voted last night to raise premiums, to sabotage the ACA.

He serves Trump, not CO
We will remember how you voted!
Stop your president from defunding the State dept and get a Sec of the Navy in place maybe?
To whomever is running this twitter account:  You can do better for yourself. Go find a boss who actually works for Colorado.
It is likely that you, @paolobacigalupi, tweeted an error and could have tweeted “@SenCoryGardner To [whoever] is running” instead.
"strong message"?? You did- "GOP wants to kill its own people w/#BCRAP & supports worldwide dictators!" NK got your message!
Cory Gardner, you're completely ineffectual. Just shut up.
You sent your constituents a strong message on healthcare. We heard you loud and clear. #OurLivesDoNotMatter 

P.S. Check your voicemail.
Agreed.  Does the disarray at State help or hurt that effort?
You're a bigger threat to this nation than North Korea. You voted with your party against your country. We will remember this in 2020.
Sorry. After your despicable display on health care you don't get to just pretend it didn't happen. Does Trump let you watch failing CNN?
And now you are exposed for who you truly are. A money grubbing pol who does zero for the state he was elected to represent.
so tone deaf I almost feel sorry for you. Don't think we missed you voting to strip healthcare from millions last night.
Just wait until we, your constituents, send a strong message to YOU about your belligerent behavior in NOT representing us #UnemploymentLine
This tweet comes across as trying to deflect from your healthcare vote last night. You might want to address that first.
We're not going to forget.  We're going to make the GOP pay at the ballot box, from dogcatcher up.
He's going to go to the eastern plains or the western slope for a folksy photo op.  #coward #wrongsideofhistory #lameduck
Belligerent behavior like voting to take healthcare away from millions of people and avoiding your constituents?
What about your belligerent behavior towards the people of CO? #resign
But you have no comment about Trump trying to become a dictator here in the USA by looking into pardoning himself and others for crimes?!?!?
You need to repeal and replace Obamacare and create term limits!
Do you really believe we are sending the best message by allowing Trumpshit to occupy the WH
Like the criminal youvoted for?
Seriously?? You want to ditch your constituents, take health care away from Colorado residents, and stroke tRumps ego, but by god, fight NK?
We will not tolerate your belligerent behavior either.
Nothing about you is strong #CardBoardCory!  Did you catch the @maddow show last night? Town Hall!
That's your problem watchingthe Maddow show. So misinformed
Is this the fake news or real news?
So POTUS is doing that by signing the sanctions right?
Did you finally receive the message that was delivered last night? #McCain
Right now,I'm more worried about our own country and our health care. You voted HOW last night? And why?
You really need to make a statement to us on your healthcare vote. We need to understand your position: no more hiding!
And U think We Ye People have any Faith left n U All Think Again We Don't
NO Senator....we let the President , Secretarys of State & Defense do that. SENATORS ARE SUPPOSE REPEAL & REPLACE THE ACA  DO IT !!!!
How about a strong message to constituents and hold a town hall?  We have much to discuss.
You know you'll only get to be Senator another 2-3 more years, right? Your healthcare vote performance was SHAMEFUL and does not rep. CO.
