.@SenCoryGardner disappointed you wouldn't make time to meet w/ rural farmers, West Slope biz owners over our 3 days in DC. #WheresCory
Where are you from on the Western Slope? Just curious for no real reason :)
I'm from Durango, these folks are from Mancos, Cortez, GJ. But I just moved to Denver this month, actually
I'm in Cortez! Sorry Asshat Gardner wouldn't talk to them.
one of the folks was representing Osprey Packs- love to see them advocating for public lands protections
I've done Real Estate work for Osprey. They are a great group of people & very easy to work with. Gardner truly missed out.
how about meeting w/ Rural areas school officials to learn the importance of public schs in those areas.
So you could tell them screw public schools to their face?
Does all of Colorado need to fly to D.C. if they want to see you in person? #notownhall
There are 968 elementary schools in Colorado you met with three principals and brag about it. How are you meeting the needs of the 756,912
wondering how do they feel about your vote to repeal #Broadbandprivacy regulations?
nice that you let them in, yin don't respond to my requests to "stop by".
pretending to care about public education while supporting a @potus and devos who want to gut it?
, how do they feel about your allowing federal funding for Muslim and pagan schools?
vote no on the budget for our children and elderly. Trump is a joke. Please distance yourself
I Am your Constituent and will NOT re-elect you.  You ignore us, vote for what we dont want, & pretend to be our voice! sad!
Why not meet with voters too??? Talking with cardboard cut outs is getting old...
if I stop by your office, can I get an audience too? I would also settle for an in person Town Hall. #wherescory
what a snake you are. Sold those teachers souls for $50k and then look them in the eye. Shame
Students in Colorado? To put it simply, you are not. You chose to approve a completely unqualified education secretary. Bravo Mr. Gardner
Why don't you ever answer your phone?
Based on your record over the past 3mo, you're going to be a 1-term Sen. You've shit on your constituents at every turn.
Are these public school principals? Or R they from Christian charter schools peddled by your beneficiary, @BetsyDeVosED?
Who never taught and aren't licensed?
Did you get lunch? We have amazing school lunches these days. Too bad DeVos doesn't think eating lunch is good for all
how'd they get in? No one else can.
Did you let them know how you and your congressional buddies are going to fuck them all in the ass??  Well? Did you?
do something for Colorado. Your photo ops mean nothing.
Stop acting like you care about anything but what puts money in your pocket. How do you sleep at night?!??
now if you will just have a town hall for your constituents!
DeVos and Comcast own you. $95,000 to screw Colorado citizens. #2020
did they ask you about  charter schools and devos? Yuck. You are so compromised
Who are they? What schools? 
Maybe you can ask them to teach you about town halls and climate change.  #wearenotimpressed
that looks photoshopped. Talk about fake news!
but you voted for DeVos...
Serious question @BrandonRittiman, based on the responses here, what are Gardner's poll numbers in CO?
Did you guys discuss what's gonna happen with Betsy DeVos?
Did they tell you that voting for DeVos will destroy the public schools? because if they didn't they lied to you...
While I have your attention I want you to know how embarrassed and fearful I am that our Congress r destroying Democracy
After DeVos & Trump are done they won't have jobs and they probably thought you cared about education!
And your position on affordable and accessible healthcare for all, including those w preexisting conditions? When will you reply?
.@SenCoryGardner did you get their web browser histories? Y’know now that those telecom campaign contributions are paying dividends and all.
wow 3 really outdoing yourself today
So how much more did you screw over education today Garnder? Forced smiles are the best!
just sold out for $95k to allow internet companies to sell your personal data. He is a trader for special interest groups!
nice photo op, you toady. It's going to take more than that to convince anybody under 80 that you're not a shill
thanks to you for selling my information to your corporate overloads....
I think the best thing about this @SenCoryGardner is that it only has 14 likes. Meet with us, Mr. Gardner! Stop running and hiding!
sure wish you'd meet with us in Chaffee County, or ANY citizens in Colo.
Did  you explain why you voted for a Secretary Against Public Education?
Hey, thanks for selling their browsing history to the communications industry for $95k!
might turn out to be the best $5 I ever spent.
How can you pretend to support education when you took a bribe to support DeVos? #2020 is coming and we will remember.
Chasing meaningless photo opps while actively working towards the destruction of public education is shameful, Senator.
waste of flesh.
so what about all your constituents you still have yet to meet with? Is it because you're still too busy calling them paid?
can't wait to volunteer for whoever runs against you
gfys cory, you voted for devos, and are directly threatening our schools. Before long, you'll only be able to work in yuma.
Hope they shared with you what a horrible vote you made when you confirmed DeVos Vouchers will kill public schools
Shameful. You are supporting cuts to education, healthcare, rights. Have the courage to hold a Town Hall, listen to voters.
if i go to washington, and visit your office, will you tweet about it? yeah, thought so. hint: time for a real town hall.
It must have been hard for them to sit in those chairs with the knives in their backs, courtesy of you.
What about your constituents? Can they just stop by?
Did they ask you about the $50k DeVos paid you for confirming her?  I read it in the Denver Post.  #FreeTheDevos50k
let me guess, do they represent religious charter schools, requesting taxpayer public school tax money?  Unbelievable.
WOW, 3 whole people in one room, boy you're brave! Did they ask for the $49k DeVos donation you got to feed the kids??
This feels so disingenuous. You won't meet w/ your voters & you are using principals to show, what? That you are welcoming?
how do you sleep at night? You're so greasy it looks like you sweat Crisco. Shame on you and your pathetic leadership
you're the worst
Why do you still support funding cuts to health & education? To build a wall??
PR Fail.
Did they come by to borrow some of that $49k DeVos's fam gave you so they can save after school programs and school lunch?
, how much did they have to pay you for the "honor" of an audience?
you voted for DeVos, which is a vote against public education. Shameful.
Bet they were thanking you for your buddy Trump cutting their funding in The budget. I'm sure you support it like Trump
