Sounds like phishing to me
The only think I need to learn is how to ensure you're not re-elected.
How about stabilizing the existing markets and work on true improvement? Quit try to R&R. Listen to what the people are saying!
What happens at the end of the year?
NO. This is another form of sabotage that will cause ins. cos. to freak out even more. Playing politics with people's lives? Disgusting.
I'm sick and tired of government sucking my tit dry while living large, giving my away,and paying for bullshit. I live on budget,so shld u
Tell it, sista
No way this should be considered outside of bipartisan HELP committee negotiations.  Stop playing games with our healthcare, and put your constituents ahead of donors for once.
Suppose we bypass health insurers altogether and adopt universal HC? Or would that cut off your donors?
Why is this tax always maintained in each of the Republican alternatives? Anticipation of the tax is what destroyed my previously good plan.
No. Blue collar guy says work to make the #ACA work. Because it can, and will with #GOP support.
Support a plan where Americans have the option of banding together for the lowest costs and best coverage. Improve ACA or do Single Payer.
words cannot overstate my disapproval of your actions as my senator.
toss in removal of the employer and individual mandates.1094/95 filings and tracking are a huge admin burden and cost to biz
3 CFPB is the agency that found the Wells Fargo fraud creating millions of illegal accts for their clients WITHOUT PERMISSION and fined 185B
You're trying to strangle the #ACA which saved my brother in law's life,  Cory. Why not do something that actually helps people? #copolitics
Looking for more ways to undermine financial stability of ACA, eh  #corythecreep ?
4 so of course R's want to kill the CFPB and any other Dodd Frank laws protecting Americans from wall street malfeasance. Sen Gradner,reply?
I seriously don't trust one word you have to say about healthcare, assume this bill begins 'Dear Koch brothers, ...'
What about the general high costs of health care in the US?
5 Trmp has filled his cabinet with WStreet billionaires that want to get rid of all banking regs.He didn't drain, he built a swamp plug
1 ck out where this info comes from.American Action Network is a right wing propaganda machine that ran attack ad during a Republican debate
Senator, love how you don't really care about the avg worker. You support empty promises that are no better than the Dem's.
Kill the Mandate and force all people getting a subsidy to Qualify for Medicaid! Stop the hustle!
2 Am Act Net ran ads saying the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau s/b shut down using Soviet-inspired imagery (russia again?)
What your plan does is delay until after next year's elections.
7 years to write a HC plan that's fair and look what you came up with? Unable to govern, unable to fix the laws, only able to obstruct.
Like u note, for seven yrs they tried to repeal and said they were working on their plan to help everyone, but end of day, they had nothing
Healthcare didn’t pass tax will not pass
The top 1% had a 0.9 % tax increase. That's not most of the people that you're elected to SERVE! Work on something that helps WE THE PEOPLE
then sponsor legislation to make all healthcare pricing transparent. Make hospitals, doctors, pharmaceutical companies, etc. POST pricing
No
Repair,rebuild,ACA.Out side of that you got nothing to add.Provide Your Heath Insurance to all the population. 1 term,life time,healthcare.
Insurance is easy: the more people you have in a group, the lower the costs. So if 300million Americans are negotiating as one group we win.
Out here in the REAL world Senator, that's called "passing the buck".
I want government out of my healthcare, undo the regulations that strangled the insurance market! I'm pissed!!!!!
Where's Cory
You know it will be very difficult to use the cover line "I am still reviewing the bill" for a bill you supposedly wrote.
#GrahamCassidy is defeated thx to the courage/integrity of senators like @SenSusanCollins 
Your accountability does not end with this bill!
We don't hear you anymore.
This is so cynical and harmful, @SenCoryGardner . If you want to fix the ACA, fix it. Otherwise please spare us the BS.
with a few Democrat cosponsors it may have more merit.  All I see is Inhofe,Cotton,Johnson,Portman,Flake,Blunt,Barrasso,Cruz,Heller & Scott
When can we learn more about your single-payer plan?
GOP rhetoric. Lies, lies, and more lies. Why do you want people uninsured and at risk of death?
Couldn't you find a single Democrat to support this?  Why not try to be a leader and make it bipartisan?
Where's the money? Tax the rich; financial transaction tax is one source.
Oh for gawd's sake, don't you understand how the ACA works?
Please vote no on GC. And please work with Dems on a solution. Eric from Durango CO
ACA is failing and costing tax payers billions. Please shut it down soon or we will all be broke. Then nobody gets anything including food
This is Cory's real agenda:
Stop actively trying to kill the people you represent. What is wrong with you and the GOP? We ALL saw the NYT quote your real feelings.
BREAKING: Cory Gardner unveils Health Insurance Death Spiral Act
Cory Gardner must go, too little, too late! He promised one thing, then once in DC, he ignored The People who voted for him.
Do you even understand how insurance works?
Cool story. How about you tell McConnell to bring the Alexander-Murray bill to the floor to stabilize the markets.

Oh look everyone! More Snake Oil from Con Man Cory!!!
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
This is a bandaid. Get together, be bipartisan, and find a way to better support the American people. Stop the rhetoric.
This is nothing more than political cover to avoid taking a public stand on #GrahamCassidyBill 
We're not fooled.
Here is his (now!) public stand on healthcare:
So true!!
Did your donors draft another plan for you?  Naive question, but for whom do you work?
Guess you're shit out of luck, Cory. Too bad.
Do your job for Colorado, vote NO on GC bill. Be a hero to the people you actually work for...Colorado not the donors, Trump or McConnell!
" #GrahamCassidy is going to fail, so I hope we can come together and sabotage the ACA and screw people over that way." ~ C.Gardner
Fire your press staff #copolitics
Everything you say is empty. Everything you do is harmful.
Delay the death of millions of Americans? It's easier to VOTE #NoGrahamCassidy than have zero medicaid and no replacement. This is nonsense.
So gross that GOP drags disabled people out to protest dumb policy over and over again, while sucking up to donors:
Please don’t kill us for tax breaks for the rich.
1. If law states I must have car insurance, do you understand why that is? The same reason applies to H insurance. Saves us all.
2020
Curios to know are you self-employed and how did you mange the pre-x issue prior to Obamacare?
Vote no on the Graham-Cassidy bill!
Even though #GrahamCassidy looks headed for defeat you've still not made a statement on the substance if the bill. Please do so.
Have no idea his position but GC is a moving target & changing daily.
I'm warning you and all GOP, your underestimating the hurt we've been under fiscally! We are angry and not afraid to vote you out!
Just get sick once, you'll be happy you have insurance. $800,000 after 3 surgeries & hospital acquired sepsis. Now it's a preex condition
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH
8 Fg yrs I have heard repeal, we can fix! Now we have opportunities and you assholes squander it with no plan?!?! WTF?!?
Radical conservative terrorist? Or Russian bot? One thing for sure Kimberly is not a normal Coloradan.
Quit standing by Donnies side Cory and do something that will really help those of us that need our healthcare
What good does a year’s delay do?  You’re all about donors, and nothing about voters.
