Agreed. You are one of those who holds politics above all else, including the welfare of the people of Colorado. So, screw you.
And why didn't you "put country over politics" and call for this before the announcement, @SenCoryGardner?
self interest vs ethics - only when the ship is going down - wouldn't stand against this DISGRACEFUL EXAMPLE OF A LEADER
So now you know how to put country over politics why don't you follow his lead?!
#RESIST!! You're still on a sinking ship. Time to get on the lifeboat!
We have lost all faith in you... you should have called for this long ago.. can't wait until you are out of office. Get that resume ready!
Not good enough. You don't get to refuse to call for something and then bask in credit and acceptance when it happens.
That's quite a leap. Why haven't you been more vocal on this before now? Can we also see an independent Commission too?
Unlike you, who continues to choose party and politics over country. Every. Single. Time.
It's a lot less impressive getting on board after the fact. BTW your telephone town halls are also a cop out. Not impressed.
Literally zero leadership from you on this. This statement is an embarrassment. #LeadingFromBehind
That's our #CowardlyCory. Afraid to talk to us in person. Drags his feet. Has forgotten #CountryOverParty. Perfect GOP-bot
I love reading the strings on your B.S late-to-the-party tweets. Everyone knows what a fraud you are. Can't wait to bid you farewell 
Now if the @GOP, yourself included, would follow Mueller's lead on that #CountryOverParty thing. #nocreditwherenotdue = #nocreditforyou.
Hey everybody - it's not over yet. Scream louder, because you know Gardner won't. #resist #IndependentCommission
Interesting that you think putting country over politics is a good thing.  You should try it sometime.
The people in your office hung up on me today.
The investigation isn't into Russia. It's into Trump & his collusion w/Russia, followed by obstruction of justice in trying to cover it up.
How brave.  Accept it after the fact.  When I asked you in the telephone town hall to push for this, you gave your typical non-answer.  Weak
As I scrolled through my twitter feed I could not help but notice all the townhalls @SenBennetCO is holding. You should learn from him.
I finally agree with a position you have taken about this matter. It has to be a separate investigation with a specific focus.
When will you put country over politics,  Sen Gardner
Senator Gardner I hope you read these responses. You are a joke. Call the Townhall, meet your constituents. We know you are a puppet. 2020
Cool that you refused to ask for it but now support it after the fact. Wait, no it's not. We see you refusing to represent
"During this investigation, I will happily rubber stamp everything Trump wants, especially taking away health care from millions"~ C.Gardner
Still waiting on that call back...
Thank god someone will.  So tired of GOP only caring about currying favor and pushing thru their agendas. Country over party
Maybe u should also put country over party. Good 1st step but we also need independent commission and Congressional oversight. #lipservice
If you fully support it, why weren't you calling for it?  U been tweeting nonsense for the last week.  Late to be getting on the bandwagon.
Exactly.
#WeWillReplaceYou
Wish you could put country over party. As a Coloradoan I am ashamed of your performance during this.
Now you can focus on gutting healthcare, education and the EPA. This will enable you to give huge tax breaks to the billionaires you serve.
There were calls from many Prominent Republicans to make this happen including @SenJohnMcCain, BUT you were not one of them
Are you finally hearing us?
Soon time to jump off the sinking ship Cory.  If its not too late already!
If the Never Trumpers want to see a Russia connection, they should look at Hillary and her uranium deal for Clinton Foundation donations!
This is a #WitchHunt
Appreciate yer support for special counsel. This investigation has only just begun. Please be a leader next time. stand up 4 our democracy.
Will you vote for impeachment if/when this mess lands in the Senate?
Thank you!
That's fantastic; when will you?
You should have supported the naming of a special prosecutor prior to it actually happening.  Be a leader. Put country before party.
Here's the point: Russia is a foreign enemy that tampered with our Democratic process. Trump's closeness to them is not acceptable. #Treason
Coward, where were you months ago? #GoneFromCo2020
I appreciate this statement supporting Mueller's appointment. A small step in the right direction that is long overdue. Thank you.
So what now you're gonna move on to that miserable healthcare plan to screw millions out of access to affordable, quality healthcare?
And remember - that's HEALTHCARE. NOT health-insurance. Insurance companies have been fleecing the People for years. Enough is enough.
So why can't the rest of you elected officials put country and people over politics?
Too little, too late. Coward. 2018 can't come soon enough.
Coloradans want LEADERSHIP on this issue. Trump is fumbling..he needs to be made to step up. Work with GOP leaders to get in front of this.
you also need to support an independent investigation via Congress. We deserve the truth.  - 80503
Too little too late. We won't forget this come re-election time.
When Hillary was fed debate questions by Donna Brazile did you call for an investigation?
Brandon, when the DNC computers were hacked and the FBI requested to look into it and the DNC refused did you call for an investigation?
Brandon, when Bill C. was secretly meeting with Loretta L. in AZ did you call for an investigation?
Unlike you!
It's about time but you're late to the party. We will remember how you avoided us, supported Trump & want to take down HC! You will be gone!
At this point, your statement may just as well say "you guys go ahead without me, I'm gonna just hide in this closet until Pres Pence comes"
can't CYA now....
Has Mueller not donated enough money for your campaign for you make a stronger statement about the state of the country?
Why didn't you call for it yourself. #countrybeforeparty
Here's an idea..Every time Trump is a disgrace to our nation, replace his name with Hilary's. Would u react differently? I believe u would!
Yea, because we all know you won't put country over politics. Goodbye in the next election. 80016
Now that it's obvious that Trump is going down Republicans are going to eventually run for cover.  Never forget who supported Trump.
That is great you should have said this weeks ago. Can we have a town hall about it?
My gasoline make you bych slap all yiu family..phoenux down gasoline
Now take an initiative and call for an #IndependentCommission to study all 45's missteps - emoluments, nepotism, golf trips, lots of homes.
I assumed you didn't even know there was an investigation. Where have  you been?
Why can't you be the type of person that is respected and trusted to put country over politics? I want a Senator that cares about Colorado
Way to jump on the band wagon now, Cory.
Will you put country over politics Cory?
Admitting that he'll be nothing like the #GOP. That is something to celebrate isn't it? #thanks #agentOrange #countryb4Party #tiredOfWinning
Bye bye, you are paid by Devos, you do not represent the people of the GREAT state of Colorado!  YOU ARE AN EMBARRASSMENT
Typical politician. Goes whichever way the wind blows. Nice try, though. See you at election time.
This is awfully late, but I guess better late than never....
What a joke-a month late & a$ short, but from you, not surprised-you've been 100% trump from day one! #GOPHypocrisy
So what took you so long?
You are a follower and a paid politician by your party...time to think about a new job...
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLYouAreSuchAJoke
Can you also try putting country over politics? Maybe just this once.
You could choose to do the same Senator,choose country over politics.
Read what you wrote,assuming you actually wrote this.
Senator, why not demand AG Sessions resignation or impeachment?  Same for Trump?
You're OK with spending millions of taxpayer dollars for a politically driven investigation despite lacking the smallest shred of evidence?
seriously you are the worst. Stop celebrating your mastery of the obvious. And update your resume.
Do you agree that this is a coordinated effort to bring down our president? I hope you don't follow the likes of McCain and Graham. #MAGA
why are all trump supporters such a cliche? Gun lovin', God proclaim'n. Seriously, why can one of you just be original.
puh-leeaassee. You have already established yourself on the wrong side of this. We won't forget.
Good PR move but your votes will always tell the truth. #TrumpsPuppet #conmancory

Cool story bro.
"i'm their leader! which way did they go?" typical insipid, tepid crap, craven cory! hint: REAL TOWN HALL! at red rocks!
Took you long enough, but that being said:

THANK YOU!
Not good enough!! Your days are numbered in your comfy senate seat!
What investigation?  What about investigating obama when he leaked all sorts of things to our enemies?  Crickets.  Trump did NOTHING wrong.
Comey is a traitor and wouldn't do anything to actually charge the real lawbreakers and liars - Hillary Clinton & Barack Hussein Obama.
well it's about time . Others who rep Colorado had their statement out 2 hours ago. Watch for us in 2020.
My statement on today’s DOJ announcement: 
it's too bad you couldn't put country over party. This comes much too late.
You've been slow to get behind this. Do better.
So, different from you, then? #CountryOverParty
The "investigation into Russia"?? It's an investigation into what if any Russia did to impact the election & any issues that arise from it!!
You people are a bunch of jackasses
Too late Senator. We've already seen you for what you really are. 2020.
The implication is others in DC ARE putting politics above country: please name names or your stmt is/remains meaningless political jargon

2020
you need to move on @SenCoryGardner .  Find another line of work.  I have participated 3 phone halls & I got NOTHING but bullshit answers
Glad to see this happen, and glad to see you support it. Still want to see you take a stronger stance on these matters. #DoYourJob
Where's Cory?
Do you all get together to write these? Mueller may put country over politics but you do not @SpeakerRyan @DarrellIssa @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
As a constituent that has pretty much disagreed with every move you've made, I owe thanks when due. Thanks Senator for representing me!!
You've been way too quiet hiding in the GOP pack, too scared to speak out. Bennet's doing a live town hall his week, how about you???
Should have had some more Tiper(?) Just cause
Mr.senator we need leaders ... not followers.  Glad you support this now ... why didn't you speak up earlier?
Sen Gardner we believe in getting the facts! We also believe in unity & supporting POTUS.  It's clear he is under attack. 
#IstandwithPOTUS
Why are you supporting him if you don't know the facts?
Because in the US there's a thing called innocent before proven guilty.  This is hearsay and innuendo and "sources".  
#AttemptedCoup
The merest glance at your Twitter posting history suggests a heavy dollop of hypocrisy here. "Pedogate".   Riiiiiight.
Will you vote to convict Trump when the House impeaches him for colluding with Russia?
Good now get to impeaching soon!
You sure aren't putting the interests of your constituents over politics. Shame Shame. No in person town hall when our country is in crisis.
When Trump's impeachment trial reaches the Senate... will you have wised up by then and vote to convict.. or be a traitor to your country?
"I fully acknowledge the writing on the wall now that it has been screamed out loud in my face. You are overwhelmed by my courage."
To little to late. Where was this for the past 2 weeks. Coward.
Your silence for the past 4 months and refusal to even meet with constituents here in CO show your character far more than this tweet.
Really Senator? I have asked you several times to step forward and defend democracy. YOU DID NOT! This was NOT your doing. Sit down!
So, he's better than you.
You're spineless. You didn't call for this. You're only "oh well I guess I'll support it" after the fact.
What a sham.  You've been against this all along!  What a joke.
Unlike you he'll put country over politics
Leading from behind.  Please be more forthright in your defense of 400,000 Coloradans benefiting from  Medicaid Expansion.
We have been asking for this all along, yet you are still reluctant to even do your job half-assed. Represent us already! #leadingfrombehind
Whichever way the wind blows....
Super convenient now Cory. We will remember.
yes!
Senator, with all due respect, you were pretty damn quiet about this matter until today. When will you hold an in person town hall? Well?
When the time comes, make sure you support impeachment as well.
Good. Somebody has to put country over party since the republicans in congress aren't doing it.
Remember when you said the women's March had paid protesters?
I remember it......
You bet!  Now we can start getting the crooked GOP out of office!  You're next! Voting to take away our healthcare & give rich tax breaks...
