.@ColoTechAssn joins with @SenCoryGardner to seek #technology solutions #coleg #copolitics
https://wp.me/p6SXjs-C6q  
voted Yes for devos!  Vote his ass out #colorado #DeVosvote
Unfortunately we have to wait 4 years. On the + side, he will be running in same election as Trump.
Thank you for voting in Devos
but you don't care what anyone says about DeVos!  Gross
liar.
We want you to support Net Neutrality!
you will pay in the polls for your vote for DeVos, against Coloradans wishes. #VoteNoDevos #votehimout
He doesn't listen to the those that voted him to be their voice. She has 0 qualifications. Bought her way in @ColoTechAsn
Colorado..start working to get him out.  He takes money for votes @ColoTechAsn
YOU ARE A FRAUD WE ARE NOT VOTING FOR YOU IN 2020
B4 today, I had some hope that you would stand up to Trump. I'm not paid, nor am I fake. I'll do all I can to see you out! 
you're an embarrassment as a Coloradan.
shame on you for voting for DeVos. Greed won today and our students paid the price.
I am NOT paid, my zip is 81505 (G.J.) and I want you to vote AGAINST DeVos for Education Secretary. She's unqualified, bad.
voted Yes for Devos and all other Trump Nominees

How will Colorado Tech survive in the public schools you have been paid to gut?
If it is so important that CO ideas drive the decisions made in Washington --what's your excuse for DeVos?
.@SenCoryGardner THIS is the moment you failed #Colorado. You DO NOT "proudly represent" us. You've proven otherwise. Unpaid 80909 here.

It's more important that you listen to your constituants, mr. one-term Senator.
YOU will be held accountable for her performance & what she does will be on your conscience. We employ you not her!
I see DeVos bought your vote for $49,800 & that's a disgrace! She's unqualified, dishonest, corrupt, elitist, & clueless!
. Are you with your constituents or your donors? We need to know and we vote. 80301 resident and not paid a dime
Pick one of these smart people to run the Dept of Education. NO ON DEVOS. I live 6 blocks from your denver office.
Why? You're letting a fascist run the country. Why do you care about anything else? You're a traitor!!
hi! Sorry to hijack but: what % of the 80k letters and 20k calls were for DeVos? Listen to us, ur non-paid Coloradans!
so, it turns out that people ARE being paid... to support DeVos. By DeVos' old org:
what a twist, @SenCoryGardner is one of them
49,000 contribution by Devos family to Cory Gardner. Are you being paid for your vote? Listen to us. 80215 I was not paid.
Honey, you and your party have zero to do with tech's presence in CO.
We saw that, I wonder how the alternative fact about paid constituents will treat you when it comes re-election
chooses Trump nominee over support of  disabled children...we will remember in 2020! Vote your Values!
vote NO on Devos!  #takethedevospledge stand up for our students and schools. You will not get my vote if you vote yes!
NO on Devos!  #takethedevospledge stand up for our students and schools. Coloradans will vote you out!  Stand up to evil.
Apparently the Colorado idea that DeVos is wrong and unqualified didn't matter to you at all. #onetermgardner
If you care about Colorado teachers, you will vote NO on DeVos.
Sir:We the People believe that our children's education should be non-partisan. IDEA is proof. Vote No on DeVos.
@realDonaldTrump Your continued support of Dictator Trump will be remembered. Support Trump Support Russia @impeachPOTUS
shame on you for supporting DeVos
no statements on Russia? Devos? Immigration ban/policy????
Vote NO on the ridiculously unqualified @BetsyDeVos our children deserve better and I know you have to agree!
And how do these educated tech folks feel about selecting someone as grossly unqualified as DeVos?
Lifelong MI resident, I know the DeVos family and they are scum.They know Blackwater, Amway, & lighted visors #NotEducation
vote no on Devos. Please listen to your thousands of unpaid protesting, calling, emailing constituents.
your constituents' ideas are what make CO - our idea is #NOonDeVos LISTEN TO US
We know why you are voting for her she donated almost 50k to your campaign. You are bought and paid for Swamp Toad
80206- no on DeVos. We hope you are listening.
@ColoStatesman #onetermgardner
Please vote no on @BetsyDeVos . This is not an issue of political party it's an issue of experience and she has none!
please keep CO children in mind. Vote against DeVos!!!
your silence on important issues is deafening. Dump DeVos or we'll dump you.
would be great to get a live person when calling your office.NO on DeVos. NO on sessions.NO on Price.Listen to constituents!
Vote NO on DeVos. Don't sell out children's futures to billionaires. Be better please.
#noDevos
Please vote no on DeVos. Yes, I'm a constituent who has also called and written. 80223
Are you even bothering to listen to your constituents?  No on DeVos.   No on Sessions.   We count on you to represent us.
Do the right thing and vote no on Devos.  80521 independent voter here.
Please work for your constituents and their children NOT your donors. Vote NO on Devos.
is a joke.
No to DeVos!
Vote No on Devos. Coloradans are watching. We won't forget this come reelection time! #noDevos #80219 #notpaid
no on DeVos, this is a Colorado idea!
from an unpaid CO constituent, 80003, I called you, left a VM
@SenBennetCO 
Do the right thing, please... FOR THE KIDS!
#NotoDeVos
please listen to Colorado...NO DeVos
to say she is qualified is a slap in the face to many who have children in public schools $ buys everything I guess
so Senator do your wealthy donors mean more to u then the people in your state that can't afford  charter schools?
If you think it's important to have CO ideas, then why aren't you listening to the CO people?
vote NO on DeVos
a good start would be to uphold the Colorado idea that DeVos is a danger to education and vote no on her nomination
Excited to partner with @ColoTechAsn! It’s important that Colorado ideas drive the decisions made in Washington. https://twitter.com/ColoStatesman/status/827572623722835969 …
No to Devos
I am a Colorado voter. If you approve Betsy Devos for Education Secretary, we will remember in 2020 and use it against you.
Damn Cory, 3 days of radio silence about any topic.  Not pleased w/ the feedback?  Man up!  #NoOnDeVos
NO on DeVos!
we will remember your votes for cabinet picks in 2020.  You are the one being paid sir, not us.  VOTE NO ON DEVOS. 80461
You are a Trumpf Puppet. 100% follower of the Fascist. You will go down with him!
no on Devos and Session
How will you justify voting for Devos when you know your constituents do not condone her confirmation? Colorado is begging u
Please vote no on DeVos.  I am a teacher, and do not tolerate plagiarism.  My zip is 80026.
Want to make sure my fundraising is enough to pay for his actual support since he can't answer a phone. 2/2
so what did you have to do to actually get a response? How much $ was paid to the Senator's re-election? 1/2
NO on DeVos! She's a disaster! Prove you can't be purchased! Grow a spine and be one who crosses the line!
Due to the volumes of calls,our Senator replies with....crickets.
Enjoy The Silence.
We get 2 vote in 2 years.
Here is a Colorado idea: Vote no on DeVos! Prove you stand for your constituents now or we'll vote u out!
@indivisiblefrr @mtnresistance #copolitics
Wow really how much money are you getting out of this deal. How about you hold a townhall...
In all the districts you represent and actually listen to Colorados voice so we can actually have our voice heard in DC
Here is an idea for you why don't you resign so we can elect a Senator that will listen to us. Vote NO ON DEVOS...
Can you hear me now 1 term Cory. Stop insulting us calling us paid protestors. Meet with us Face to Face.

Please say no to Betsy DeVos. I am a teacher, and this is the wrong move for education in our country.
So called judges demand you vote No on Devos..
Words aren't enough for you, Cory....

Reelection in our State during POTUS election not looking likely
Senator, the people of Colorado (not paid protestors) want to know why you care more about out of state interests than us.
I guess I'm just concerned that $50k from the DeVos family is all it takes for you to overrule the citizens you represent.
principled or not, it's not politically savvy to side with Trump 100% of the time in a state where he lost by 5%
@ColoStatesman why don't u meet with all of the teachers in your state who oppose Betsy devos? #onetermgardner
DeVos as Ed SEC will be bad 4 future gen of CO techies.  Vote no on DeVos even though her org has funded you.
no on DeVos 80219
You should try listening to your constituents. Instead you call protestors paid while you take $$$ http://tinyurl.com/hapc4ro 
How much would you charge for "No" vote on DeVos? That's how this works right?
Tech requires highly educated workers!  Public education means jobs for Coloradoans.  Vote against Betsy DeVos!
Colorado idea: have a townhall meeting so your constituents can speak to you!
I see you've decided to respond to urgent matters before you and the clamor of constituents with banal PR forays.
Then why aren't you meeting with voters?  Why aren't you saying #NoOnDeVos?
@ColoStatesman like your 100% on board with with votes for #FuhrerTrump ?  If I were you I’d distance myself.
Listen to your constituents & vote NO on #DeVos. Chose education over lining your pockets or we will put u out on your ear!!
NO to Sessions, DeVos and Pruitt. Thank you.
I'm not being paid. Just a patriot. Vote no on DeVos, Session, and Pruitt. Demand Bannon's resignation. 80212
#DumpDevos
from 80526, vote No on DeVos #DumpDevos
I am not paid to contact u. Taxes pay u to read this. Publish that u fulfill that obligation. Will accept invite to DC
can't believe public doesnt agree with you so lie about paid protesters. That's how #Dictatortrump operates.
Please read! Colorado is a No to DeVos https://cdn.americanprogress.org/content/uploads/2017/01/24124912/1DeVos-CO-factsheet.pdf …
Pls Senator do the right thing for children.
I'm not paid to tweet "Vote NO on DeVos!!!" She is wrong for our children and our future
@ColoStatesman ELECTIONS ARE NOT OVER, YOU REPUBLICANS ARE DONE. YOU HAVE WOKEN A PARTY THAT WE NEVER HAD
@ColoStatesman just so you know, we are not paid, we are now fighting back. Jobs will be lost by republicans

Cost for a YES on DeVos 49k Cost for the education of our children PRICELESS!!!!! VOTE NO YOU $$$$ grubbing
SO Cory dear, after accepting 46,800 from DeVos how are you going to vote?
Constituent here saying No vote on DeVos would benefit all kids in Colorado. Are you listening to us?!?!

no on DeVos. No on Pruitt. Please listen to your constituents and think about our children and our earth.
"paid protestor??"=insulted. I know I'm not paying a big donation to you, but this parent & teacher says no on DeVos
not getting paid 2 voice opinion. ur salary paid by people you r screwing for political agendas
. Please respect and preserve Colorado's beauty and future generations by voting HELL NO to devos & Pruitt!
Please listen to Coloradans.. we are asking you to stop #DeVos  #noDevos
History has it's eyes on you!!!!!!! You are going down.
sir, hope you are listening to Colorado; NO on DeVos. Fight for our public lands and our environment.
80909 here. paid no. disappointed yes. 4th gen CO native. YOU asked for my vote. Now stand for us, NOT your party. #noDevos
yay! Now block DeVos!
CO ideas  ARE important in DC.  And CO doesn't want Devos.  Prove she didn't buy your vote!!  NO on Devos!
we shall see how true to Colo you are, vote no on DeVos Monday or get a new job as a Walmart greeter
if you like Colorado ideas, why don't you meet and listen to your constituents? No to devos. Not to Pruitt.
80238 NON-PAID resident asking AGAIN to listen to your constituents - please!!!  Give our kids a better chance at education!
Colorado went to http://HRC.You  KNOW they're not paid protesters. Do what your constituents want-not what you want.
if all it takes is money for your vote, let me know and I'll make a donation if you #dumpdevos
I've not gotten a reply either: constituent who is appalled at your support for devos. #dumpdevos
You could give Betsy her money back and vote against her. Grow a pair.
So did I miss your response to your constituents questions re: No on DeVos, No on Sessions, ban, wall? Again, not paid-80206
just going to leave this here for you, Sir.
This country needs a few good Republicans — one would do — to rescue it from Betsy DeVos. http://nyti.ms/2kvnsHA  
You're disgusting, dismissing your constituents as paid protesters. Bought and paid for politician
Stay on target. No on DeVos. Overwhelming evidence that real constituents demand you put aside the $49k and vote no.  80302
are you listening to any of us? You are going to have a hard time with re-election. No #devos
@ColoStatesman How do I prove I'm not a paid protester? @SenCoryGardner  80210
@ColoStatesman How DARE YOU ignore the People's Will who put YOU in Office!! NO 2 @BetsyDeVos LISTEN TO US!!!
Remember your tweet about FCC Commish being your pal and all?  Losing faith in you,sir.
http://wpo.st/mHjZ2 
why voucher system doesn't work, maybe you should read it
DeVos also plagiarized her answers. Does that scream "qualified to lead educators" to you???
those were plagiarized?! If you're going to cheat at least sound competent #dumpdevos
you are a cheap buy Senator Gardner, she only donated $5K to you.  Vote No ON DeVos
Thanks for ignoring you constituents & voting 100% for Trump cabinet = against public schools & environment. #NoRelection
this means nothing if there aren't strongly educated kids to take it over. No to DeVos, the people are talking
PLEASE do not gut #Dodd-Frank. We do not need another financial crisis!! Regulations keep corporations honest.
Betraying your constituency (who DID NOT vote for Trump) for $49,800 -- the amount he accepted from DeVos for his vote!
Gardner sold his soul for $49,800 -- the amount DeVos paid for his vote. SHAME SHAME SHAME! #DEVOS
while I appreciate the reply to my letter re: voting NO on DeVos,  your response is both not reassuring and condescending
you are so right! So please start listening to Coloradoans and don't let our education system fail! No #devos
Pfft! Our ideas should no more drive national decisions than those of, say, Louisiana or Mississippi.
@ColoStatesman I'm a CO resident.  Please crawl out of the swap and say no to devos http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/betsy-devos-donations_us_5893bd80e4b0c1284f251c5f …
No on DeVoss, No on Sessions!
when are you going to talk with your constituents? Town hall? Respond a messages, letters?
Just can't stay focused on the issue at hand can you? No to DeVos. Colorado students deserve better.
You are mistaken if you think this will fizzle out. It's only going to get stronger. No in DaVos.
then represent Colorado Ideas in Washington!! No on DeVos!
@IndivisibleLoCo It would be better if you partnered with constituents and took phone calls.  #TruantSenator
when will you hold a town hall? You need to see your constituents in order to prove we're not paid.
Constituent here.These random posts & your perpetually full voicemail tells us you don't hear us.  We're not going away.
Wanna help ensure high quality public education, Senator? REJECT DEVOS.
A Colorado idea from a REAL Colorado constituent - vote NO on DeVos, Pruitt, and Sessions.
Cory, Colorado has given you plenty of ideas to take to Washington, you just choose to ignore them!
Ideas are awesome! Also awesome? IDEA. Vote NO on DeVos so CO kids get the edu they need to succeed in STEM.
sorry to ruin your party, Senator, please don't change the subject. And apologies to you all @ColoTechAsn. Focus, please!
takes good education to wk in tech. Devos isn't qualified. #noDevos #notpaidprotester
Senator, does this mean you'll be joining us for the March for Science? #marchforscience
he can't. He is afraid of his constituents. #noondevos #climatefacts #ClimateChangeisReal
Thankyou!
Vote NO on DeVos. Represent the people of Colorado and respect their voices. #noDevos
answer our questions. No on DeVos, Sessions, Pruitt.
show us where your true loyalties lie and vote no on Devos #imnotpaid
vote no on Devos... Stand with Colorado.  Also,  please answer your phones.
I think Colorado has been giving you a lot of ideas that shld drive ur decisions in DC. Please don't ignore them.
thank you for representing Colorado ideas! Please represent our desire for qualified ed leaders too. #NoDeVos #ColoradoProud
EXACTLY...NO TO DEVOS AND SESSIONS!!
vote against Betsy DeVos I am one of your constituents, zc 80003. have left VM no return calls no email answer
Is there a recall underway for Gardner. Colorado deserves someone who respects their interests and beliefs. #devos
not that I am aware of, no.  I just want him to represent us and not his party or constantly running for office
SAY NO TO DEVOS...your constituents are watching.  Stand up for Education, not personal profit.
here's a Colorado Idea, oppose DeVos and the Muslim ban
Please vote no on DeVos. I don't know anyone in education who thinks she will do anything good for our kids. @SenCoryGardner @ColoTechAsn
we are praying here in Colorado that Supreme Court Nominee Neil Gorsuch is not a disappointment Like Cory
once again, no mention of Devos or Sessions. Right now we don't care about your glad handing with industry.
Do Colorado kids an even bigger favor by voting against DeVos, Thanks.
Colorado doesn't want DeVos. Let that idea drive the decision.
Please vote no on DeVos. (zip: 80524)
Say no Devos for education secretary
