It would be so sweet if you actually cared about Coloradans and PR and all of us taxpayers instead of your donors.
The @GOP really doesn't care about you.
Then maybe you should push back against a president who cuts funding for climate change mitigation
Were you out golfing yesterday too? How’d you shoot?  Demand Trump to step up @fema #PuertoRicoRelief NOW. #JonesAct
1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Letting the Jones waiver expire you and your buddy trump and hurting not helping.
We are four days short of a month. My in laws still have no clean running water no electricity and food is scarce.
Hey drink the water that many have to drink in PR.
Glad you're working bipartisan. Can you pressure your Republican colleagues to follow your lead & work bipartisan on finding more solutions?

What are your thought on @POTUS threatening to take away #FEMA aid?
Well?  What did you accomplish?  Please do one thing today, remove friggin #JonesAct restriction. https://twitter.com/davidbegnaud/status/917518827268771841 … @CarmenYulinCruz
Puerto Rico Gov. @ricardorossello wants an extension of Jones Act waiver. (Expired 11:59pm Sun) Homeland Security says that's "unnecessary" 
Do you have the integrity to go contrary to Daycare Donnie & The Morons to actually help? I doubt it. You only ACT to harm people.
Clear to all that your failure to address Trump's threats to abandon PR exposes your trip there as just b.s. to escape town halls.
Please provide them with aid not loans. I'm a Colorado native & I believe our state is concerned with the health and safety of ALL Americans

PR still needs a LOT of help, Senator. What are you doing to help?
Please stand up for our country because the President is destroying America.
#MagnitskyAct NOW or you’re on #TeamTreason &just as guilty as your DearLeader
#MuellerIsComing 4 ALL the traitors
Russian billionaire says he sought Don Jr. mtg to gut Magnitsky Act, a Kremlin goal, per @PamelaBrownCNN @jeremyherb http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/09/politics/russia-trump-tower-meeting-new-documents/index.html …
I'm sure both CO taxpayers and PR would have appreciated relief $$$ instead of spending it on a visit. Running for president?
Anything to avoid a town hall meeting. Next one is for Oct 32 @ 24:30 see you there!
AND??????
I think it is time to take another look. Terrible treatment of PR by this Administration!
What is being done? Time to take action and stop talking.
Senator, good on the bipartisan efforts to help victims of hurricanes and fires. But bad on not removing Trump.
How do any of our representatives sleep at night while our country is torn asunder? Honor your oath--deal with POTUS, who honors nothing.
Trump's response is atrocious and cruel. I'm very concerned about Colorado and ACA but PR needs immediate life-saving, NOW. POTUS is unfit.
Please expand - what are these short and long term solutions? Ps glad you remembers #puertorico is part of America
Waiver of the Jones Act & a direct aid package would go a long way. Individuals can only do so much. We need you & Congress to act pls.
Maybe remind the president about the long-term part.
Apparently Trump is not interested in short- or long-term solutions.
What is the result of mtg? 3 wks & PR is still w/o potable H2O, power & fuel. Now people getting sick from bad water. This is appalling!!
Puerto Rico doesn't need a few paper towels.  They need drinking water.    They need a real leader.  IMPEACH TRUMP NOW.
I'm concerned about #Pruitt scrapping air & water protections. Please act to protect earth, before earth acts to protects itself...from us.
Thank you
The Trump Administration isn’t listening. Who exactly will you be working with? Oh wait, you stood up your constituency in Pueblo.
Geeez. And it only took you 3 weeks.
Please do not support the exit from the clean power plan!
Did you find any money laying around? #voteforsale
When will you represent your constituents?  Did you get to kiss the trump ass today?
The President wants to pull our Federal help out of there.  What will you do?
People are dying. Why are the not getting same help as TX & FL? They need water, food & fuel now!! This is the USA & they are Americans!!

I hear they have no water, electricity or phone service, but are well stocked on some really great paper towels. #thepresidentisamoron
Were those the "ingrates" your Fearless Leader was insulting in these pictures?
" But last week Moore got a warm welcome from the head of the GOP’s Senate campaign committee, Sen. Cory Gardner (Colo.). " Vote out Corey
I say in peach that clown we have in the white house
What about US Virgin Islands? Mulvaney budget not enough to help them become self-sufficient.
Gardner will travel all the way to Puerto Rico. Will not have a town hall meeting in Denver!!!
16 people died in the storm. Every death after that was needless and preventable. Most were horrific.

Don't ever forget I told you this.
Well what did you accomplish?  What is action plan. More beautiful paper towels?
90% of Puerto Rico still doesn't have power, but at least they have a president to throw "very good" paper towels @ them.

This is real life https://twitter.com/Shareblue/status/917032937081597952 …
SanJuan Mayor said city needs more water; FEMA Brock Long "we filtered out the mayor long ago". Nasty Politics
Oh he finally let you go? Don't throw anything at people.
What about, what are you doing to combat the City of Denver's bid to make our area a haven for illegal alien criminals?
One more in a long line of political "Look at me" stunts.  Why don't you list the accomplishments of the US Senate in last 10 months?
Stay in Colorado. It's your job
Pass an emergency bill to give them more resources. FEMA sleeps,dines and drinks at hotels each night in SJU and people r dying. #PUERTORICO
Just how many of you idiots went ?? What in the name of God could a grp of politicians do the help besides getting in the way!!!
Thank you!
Stay as long as you need.  We don't need you here in #Colorado. You don't do us any good.
Proud of @SenCoryGardner for the Puerto Rico efforts. Unusual feeling!
So help them already, maybe using solar power. You're useless for Coloradans but hopefully Puerto Ricans will benefit.
Or you could be working to help your constituents!
TY for visiting! Now that you’ve seen need, pls support Jones Act repeal, Medicaid funds & strong relief package
Bet you are finding  out how wrong trump was in his assessment of the situation there. Deliver food and water. Don't toss towels and insults
Be the first help that some people have seen. Get out there!
City of West Palm Beach Florida grew and got beautiful thanks to Mayor Frankel years ago of a bipartisan mentality for the good of people
Bipartisan sounds good . Hopefully PR politicians will take note
I hope you are helping to break thru red tape & actually insuring they get the help they need!
Sounds like a photo op to me  Don't pretend to care, we all know you only care about the $$$$$ from your donors.
How about keeping CIC out of territory.
You can stay there and do some manual labor. Don't come back. It's not like you do anything here.
Cardboard Corey stay in PR not good for CO, not god for US. Deport to Russia, Russian 0wned

I sincerely thank you.
https://twitter.com/disaster_lawyer/status/916772343803936768 … #PuertoRico #Maria
1. Extend @FEMA application deadline
2. Permanently waive PR matching $ requirement
3. Repeal Jones Act/exempt PR
Thank you guys so much for going. These citizens need our help badly. #PuertoRicoRelief
Your bff @realDonaldTrump says they are fine and don’t need any help.
I hear they have ample paper towels now.  That's really comforting when you have no clean drinking water or power or fuel.
Tillerson is on the ropes - this is your shot !
Good intentions always need action. #UnitedforPuertoRico
Still ignorance ng tun control to make Americans safer I see.
Let’s get some aid there fast and not make this a wasted visit. 
Thank you
Thank you Sen Gardner!!!
TY for going, TY for committing to help
Good for you. Don't do  what Trump did with the paper towels.
Well done, and thank you!
And IMPLEMENT those solutions, despite Trump. You are the checks and balances, remember.
Where’s Cory
Would be nice if you took the bipartisan route with everything. #Healthcare #TaxFairness #GunControl #womensRIGHTS #equality #DACA
Gardner is bipartisan only as his donors will allow. They don't allow #Healthcare #TaxFairness #GunControl #womensRIGHTS #equality #DACA
Cory - please start to care about future generations and preserving our environment for posterity!  #KochBros
It sickens be that the Trump administration is rolling back Obama's environmental regulations.  This is basically saying you don't care about my kids future! What the hell is wrong with you?
Yes, Please start caring about your constituents and less about your campaign donations, especially those from out of state.
My son & daughter live in Colorado.  They are concerned re: the situation here. Thank you for coming & showing concern.  Gloria Robison.
You and your party are a JOKE!
Repeal the Jones Act, let them default on their debt, stop the tax free bonds and malinvestment-allow private enterprise rebuild-done.
Best thing you can do to help is to quit cowering around Trump, stand up to him .... oh hell who am I kidding, you don't have the spine.
Cory is still all excited about being head of the @NRSC - that is clearly his focus, not the interests of USA or CO citizens.  #copolitics
Short and Long Term Solution: vote out Republicans.
I thought Trump forbade them yo go to Puerto Rico.
Don't throw the paper towels like the moron in chief Cory!
couldn't handle all the questions on your stance on taking our insurance away huh? so you ran to Puerto Rico as a distraction!
What are you going to do with all the trash?
Hope you're visiting the outer cities and their hospitals and not just San Juan.
They really need to be kicked off health insurance. Make Puerto Rico great again
Don’t forget to throw some paper towels st them like your boss
you shouldn't be in PR for photo ops -- you should be in DC passing legislation that functionally improves on-the-ground conditions.
Apparently they need to actually SEE the disaster rather than rely on trump's assertions.
Novel idea: bring them healthcare and sensible gun regulation.
If you want the truth about PR, contact Bethenny Frankel @Bethenny. She has, on her own, has delivered to PR & passed out tons of supplies..
... and gotten people w/medical problems, back to the US for help & treatment. Congress should be asking HER what they can do to help her!
Great. Please act quickly. #PuertoRicoRelief
FFS, 3 weeks late, Musk already offered to have power fixed...why not jump on that? Does the @NRA money spend well in PR? #corporateCuck
Where is the paper towel tossing?
Immediate response: Can you encourage or Help Organize volunteers and resources from CO?
I hope you get a conscious and support your southern Colorado constituents. Healthcare #guncontrol
Are you going incountry?  Please help these people!
You need to collaborate with @Bethenny! She's been on the ground since almost the beginning,will give you realtime info & a whiz @ logistics
Check out her timeline and ay attention to what she tells you, Cory.
We have a reality president - don't need any more reality idiots in government.
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/914274708509614080 …
