Looks like we need a new Senator, Senator 
When's your town hall @SenCoryGardner? No time for that cause you're still paying off Anschutz debts right? #copolitics  #wherescory
You and @DenverPost editorial board owe Garland a face-to-face contrite apology. Then you can plan your 'apology to constituents' tour.
This stolen nomination is tainted and a blad day for women's health,
If you see @NancyPelosi or @SenSchumer spit in their face for me please.
Can't wait till Election Day.
#thiefjusticegorsuch #StolenSeat
We will be voting you out asap
You must be so loyally proud.
Rules had to change to get him in. Shame on you!
so that's where you are. Cuz you sure aren't in CO holding town halls and following your constituents wishes
It is definitely not a great day.  There is no justice with Gorsuch...
Confirmed by the most corrupt Senate in US history.
I understand you showed how ignorant you are at Club 20
How much were you paid for this vote?
Why aren't you holding a town hall in CO so you can share your excitement w/your constituents? Oh that's right, we didn't support Gorsuch!
Sickened
So when is the last time you showed your face in public in the Great Rocky Mountain state? #whereiscorygardner
You have brought shame to Colorado.  You're the new Ted haggard
A great day for facism and re[ublican dicks who dump coal in streams
Enjoy then healthcare infrastructure and education technology plan
I think you should be out of office.  You do not vote the way we would.  Don't count on my vote.
Senator Oneterm is heading to the swearing in of Justice Asterisk. Yippee. 

Let us know when you want to rep CO, k?
perfect.
Sad day for the middle class. Dishonest Republicans! Your all crooks and liars. I will see you gone! I am a true Coloradoian I VOTE!
Stolen seat
A terrible day for our democracy is what it is. Gorsuch should never have been confirmed - in fact he wasn't. #notenoughvotes #shameonyou
Wait! What happened with Garland? Oh that's right now I remember!
Proud day for Colorado!!
Proud of what? Another nail in the coffin of checks and balances?
Why don't you like Justice Gorsuch?
His plagiarism and his consistently siding with biz over individuals are against him. But much more than that, it was...
...Garland's seat. GOP obstructed and invented rules to block Garland, then changed rules to impose Gorsuch.
If Gorsuch had integrity he'd refuse the seat. If someone gave me stolen goods I'd refuse them, wouldn't you?
It's not stolen, it was politics all around, but I understand the frustration over Garland.
Hostile powers want a divided polarized nation. It's Congress's job to protect us from that, not entrench deeper.
I can't wait to work so hard to make you a #OneTerm senator. Update your resume.
A terrible day in US History. You all should be ashamed. Tyranny of the majority will come back to haunt you.
#ObliviousCory
Gross #stolenseat
To take his stolen seat
traitor
You didn't have the votes, so you changed the rules to confirm him anyway. Don't approve this partisan judge, and cannot congratulate him.
What about Judge Garland you heinous obstructionist?
Merrick Garland
You seriously don't understand your constituency.
Oh please, @SenCoryGardner, just stop.  You are out of touch.
Nobody likes you Cory!
Your job is up for grabs soon.   Try reading even a few of these responses;  it's clear you aren't listening to your constituents
@realDonaldTrump Will Merrick Garland be there? #StolenSeat
then head back to CO and hold a townhall. I am starting to think you are computer generated like the Navi in "Avatar"
#WeWillReplaceYou
I think you are a horrendous rep of Colorado and I don't agree with the manner in which Garland was excluded and Gorsuch was chosen
What are your plans after your term is over? You won't be reelected!
Thanks for gloating. One term cory!
Boo - hast a lady vista in 2020
Theft really makes Cory cream his pants, doesn't it?
I am so saddened by this. Every tweet of yours weighs heavily...
Congratulations, you helped undermine our republic and gave a stolen seat to an extremist SCOTUS judge.

You should be proud I guess?
FYI please don't soil the great State of Colorado with your GOP BS- he's not everyone in the state's favorite son or golfing buddy
Where's the political weasel @SenBennetCO?
Can't even find the words to yell you how disappointed you helped get Gorsuch on the supreme Court while Trump is under investigation
Nominated by President w/campaign under FBI investigation - possible   treason,GOP invoke Nuke Option, only got 54 votes. Hardly a great day
A tragically sad day for #Colorado,  a justice who could only win by changing the rules, in a seat that should have gone to #MerrickGarland
Just another brick the corporate wall...
No, it is not a " great Rocky Mountain day". You should have done your job last year when the seat was actually up. Not Gorsuch's seat.
How @ heading to Colo to meet w/ public? Gorsuch may b new Wizard White but u need to get w/voters who are worried @ USA. Hear us
not sure it is a Rocky Mountain Day,  just because he lives in Boulder does not make it a good day or pick. Wow,  you are so out of touch
I think willful ignorance may be a better description for our esteemed Senator. Come speak to your constituents and spare us your tweets
He must be so proud to be the first nominee to need a rules change in order to become a justice. It's a sad day for Colorado. #copolitics
Dems were the 1st in history to filibuster a SCOTUS nominee purely out of spite and bitterness. Let's talk about pride. #copolitics
The GOP memory sure is short. They didn't refuse Garland out of respect for this nation, it was pure unadulterated hate for Obama.
One of the saddest days in our political history. History will judge this travesty. Democracy & America likely suffer
Every tweet u make reminds CO voters how impt it is to vote u out. Every. Single. Tweet.
Senator, Justice Gorsuch will stand forever as the symbol of Republican corruptability. Not a Great Day!
Bringing religion & corporate control into our constitution is not what the founding fathers designed!
It's a stolen seat.  Colorado will remember your actions in 2020.
and yet, you voted against his confirmation. Don't think Colorado will forget your dick move.
More disgusting moves by Trump.
I think I'm going to be sick.
Corporations First!
Citizens Second!
Hey there one term guy.  I know a good resume writing service.  You will need one for your upcoming job search
You have forever altered the Senate with your unprecedented obstruction to Judge Garland. History will not be kind.
Traitor!!!
Will our fellow Coloradan Senator be in attendance? #JusticeGorsuch #COWontForget2022
Unless you're a woman or a worker or, heaven help us--both!
#MerrickGarland. We won't forget, Cory.
this is not what CO wanted. You clearly support your party over your constituents. Shameful. Townhall this week?
Thanks for stealing the seat. You should be arrested and prosecuted for what you did. You should #resign. Terrible person.
You and @RepMikeCoffman should just get a room already 

merrick garland. merrick garland. merrick garland. merrick garland. merrick garland. merrick garland. merrick garland. merrick garland.
As a constituent and a woman, no @SenCoryGardner, it is not a great day.  We will remember!
Can't wait for until you are voted out or put on prison for taking donations from #DeVos and supporting a plagiarist fascist unfit Justice.
A great Rocky Mtn, Day when we steal a #SCOTUS seat and get away with it! #GOP #Gorsuch #darkmoney #agentOrange #tinyhands #waterBoy #1nDone
We will remember. #NoGOP #votehimout
you're an embarrassment. This is a stolen seat due to your petty partisan politics. The @GOP is bad for America.
Boo. 
Shame! Stolen #SCOTUS appointed by #POTUS under FBI investigation! @indivisiblefrr @IndivisibleCOS @indivisibleCO7 @IndivisibleCO4
How about heading to a town hall in the real Rocky Mountains?
Gorsuch was a horrible choice for a seat that was stolen from President Obama.
Your constituents are appalled over Gorsuch. Stop being a Trump puppet and represent those that elected you
#Stolenseat #Illegitimatenominee #IllegitimateAdministration #Russiagate #MerrickGarland #GOPFail
Just because he is from here doest make him a good pick. Rules   changed during the game for GOP win. Disgraceful.
Agreed!  A true disgrace.
Best choice for the Supreme Court in a generation,  but you're a bit of a tit.
I would like to remind you that you represent the people of Colorado not the Trump gang. You sounded like chief cheer leader for Trump.
You might be wary of showing off your shiny new toy directly to the people you stole it from.
Are you as clueless as you sounded on NPR this morning? You sounded like a partisan hack. Take time to read the AUMF before you talk.
Disgusting that you put party over country in blocking Garland and imposing Gorsuch. History will not be kind.
Wish you were going to see Merrick Garland sworn in. #MerrickGarland deserves that appointment.
You mean Merrick Garland, right? GOP is nothing but lying, thieving hypocrites. You DO NOT represent CO anymore!
...said no trucker with frozen brakes...ever...
This is not an exciting day.
Our new judge is the #MostPoliticalJudge.
Thank you @SenCoryGardner for making this happen! CO has a Supreme Court Justice!! #Gorsuch #copolitics #cogop
#TrumpRussiaCollusion should be resolved be for #POTUS has privilege of #SCOTUS nomination. CO is great; doesn't mean #gorsuch will be!
Hey Cory, have you ever read the 2001 AUMF? Please do prior to doing more interviews re:Syria.
No, it’s not a great Rocky Mountain Day.
Hard for my brian to comprehend how awful you are at being a senator
