It's a little late to be posting April fools jokes now, isn't it?
you mean a chump who couldn't even explain how we get four seasons
You do realize that science and social sciences are different, right?
You have only championed your wealthy special interest donors
You are no champion of science. Science uses observations, data, and reproducible results to help us understand why things are. (Part 1)
Wow.  Just wrong on so many levels.
You can't be a champion of science & deny climate change. #ShamAwards

@COSSADC
Is this from The Onion? Late April Fools gag?
Is that why Republicans are proposing to drastically cut science funding and increase the military budget? Making America Stupid.
What a joke! You deserve NOTHING
Congress in recess soon. Town hall for constituents? Even for those of us who believe in science and are not recipients of DeVos' cash? Yes?
Your idea of science is driven by your beliefs. That is not science.
Cory, we learned a long time ago that when we get awards we didn't earn, it's a participation trophy.  You got a participation trophy.
Really?  Then I expect you'll fight #Trump's gutting of #Climate change science, won't you, senator?  #Resist #ClimateChangeIsReal
The scientific evidence shows no significant warming for 19 years. Global warming is pseudo-science.
Yes the satellites show no significant warming for nearly 19 years.
I know why you're laughing! B/c this is a joke! You-a "science" champion. Damn, that's funny. How about stop being a "yes" man for Trump?
Clearly neither one of you teally knows what the other is about. #GetAClueCory
What did the @COSSADC receive in return for sacrificing their credibility?
Champion? Ha!
How can you champion science and deny climate change?  #youcanthaveitbothways
You might want to check out the definition of "champion". #ScienceMarch
You voted for Pruitt as EPA chief and you get a science award?  What a joke.
Literally laugh out loud ridiculous. "Champion"? pffftt...
Hypocrisy much? You support the most anti Science Abomination ever in DC. Give the award back to someone deserving.
what have you done for science besides deny its existence? #cowardlycoreygardner
Really?! Champions of science don't confirm Scott Pruitt to the EPA
Cory ask him about climate change. You may be able to learn a bit. Or stick by the polluting Koch Bros.
Relax guys It's an award for "social science". AKA not real science.
This is what happens when you let Betsy DeVos proofread your tweets. It's pronounced "Disservice," Senator. A well-deserved accolade indeed.
Let's be clear. This org is about SOCIAL science funding. U r unlikely to receive an award from a physical (or other) science group.
Do you even science or just collect checks for your vote?
Are they studying you to determine just how long someone who totally ignores his employers can dodge them and not answer any questions??
Ha, did they give @realDonaldTrump their humanitarian of the year award?? #irony #Satire
So tell me, Cory, how does this work?  You guys expect Dems to play nice when Repugs played dirty?  Yea. I see what U did there.  Jagoffs.
Hey Cory!  I just heard your final words.  You know what? You arseholes refused to even have a hearing for Garland.  Practice what Preach!
What a f?$&@ing joke you are, Gardner. F@&$n' hilarious!
Alternative Science-the type that benefits GOP $$$$
That's funny. Have they paid so little to your voting record?
A champion of science? Are u insane? This coward voted 4 Pruitt, DeVos, and Perry perhaps the least science champion ever! #Factsnotfear!
Senator, you seem completely disconnected from your constituents and current events.
How much did you pay for the honor? #AntiScience
Cory why did you vote for the internet privacy bill? Are you working for us? How will that help us?
Don't you mean Social Science community?  And how much did it cost? You are no friend to marginalized/underserved populations.
You do know the difference between "science" and "social science" right?

Did you even pay attention at the ceremony? SOCIAL and BEHAVIORAL science! You know...like the psychology of how YOU avoid confrontation!
Congratulations!
EXCEPT FOR THE WHOLE MIDDLE PART WHERE YOU DON'T SUPPORT SCIENCE AT ALL
You are a science rejector, they must be desperate for a recipient!
And yet you vote for every bit of "anti-science" legislation that your master proposes.
just to be clear.... The COSSA is SOCIAL Science & they lobby for funding.  (nothing wrong w/ social science- but still)
Is this a joke, bro? "Champion of science", yet you vote against it consistently. What a farce. But 'grats on the photo op, one-term.
Cute... Meanwhile
RAW VIDEO: Medical workers care for the wounded following a suspected chemical attack in Syria that killed dozens. http://apne.ws/2oEF03s 
You voted to sell our internet privacy to corporations. You didn't even ask us how we felt. You will not be re-elected.
@AjitPaiFCC why does Grand Junction have to put up $70 million for a fiber network? Gardner just likes taking credit for Denver innovators
Proove that you deserve that award and speak up against your flat earth #GOP colleagues on climate change. #recallcory #onetermsenator
Nice trophy. But there's the vote on Gorsuch that a core of Coloradans will be remembering.
oh wait, I get it now-not "earth" science, @COSSADC is social & behavioral studies.Did you talk about the angst 45 causes?
and still NOTHING from you to support EPA scientists. EPA Region 8 Denver is waiting.....
not sure which is worse...
them giving you a "science" award,
or you accepting it...?
what a farce
I'd respect you more if you'd stand up & proudly proclaim your support for all things $$$. Instead of farcical PR. #resist #2020
Not bad for a climate denier !!!
Look closer, that's actually an award for the biggest liar and Senator least willing to serve his constituents.
A champion of big$$$, an anti-science agenda, and environmental destruction. Good job. #sarcasm
I don't know, dude. I smell a porkbarrel.
WTF? You don't even believe in climate change? You really are ridiculous.
Great job! Will you be marching for science on 4/22? Sure hope you walk the talk!
*Except for science that goes against oil and gas
Yeah you're a real hero to science .@SenCoryGardner. Here's an award for your actions from the regular people of your state. 
Or only science that does not challenge your religious beliefs? Also is this a real award or one you received because of a donation to COSSA
I think you should clarify "science." COSSA is a social/behavioral science advocacy group. Do you support all sciences?
Shame on you for accepting an award you don't deserve
Um yeah except for that whole 'climate change' thing, right @SenCoryGardner?
a little late for April fools there Champ
Your only definition of science is getting paid $95,000 to vote against your own constituents privacy from ISPs.
April Fool's Day was a few days ago. Nice effort, though.
LOL!!  Perhaps this an SNL rehearsal??

would love to hear what you plan to do to oppose trump budget that cuts science. hold a REAL TOWN HALL  during upcoming recess, please.
Blahahahahaaa!!
LOL
Dude. You know nothing about science. Also, I called three of your offices Friday and left detailed messages with questions. No callbacks. 
wat is this I can't even
Is this a joke?
Science?   Do you mean like your vote to confirm Scott Pruitt? Or Betsy DeVos?  #FreeTheDevos50k
You can't have it both ways, Cory. You're owned by science-denying, out-of-state oil and gas interests.
Then maybe you push back on Trump's attacks on science?  how about you do your job for Colorado?
Sad, since you do not believe in science and only money.
