Obama Commutes Sentence of Chelsea Manning, Whose Leak Aided Bin Laden http://tws.io/2jwBSXk 
Who's stabbing whom in the back? Healthcare, environmental regs, education - your tweet is a mistake.
Some of your constituents feel she is a hero.
You represent every single one of us.  More of us in CO voted for Obama than Trump.  You work for us. All of us.
I actually think traitors are the ones who take money and then sacrifice their constituents to ensure more money.
What about you stabbing the people of Colorado in the back, by abdicating your Constitutional responsibilities for party?
@weeklystandard GOP is selling US down the river by supporting Trump, shame on you Cory! #NoBanNoWall
Really U wanna talk voter fraud on @MSNBC then talk Russia swaying election 2 MADMA. We the PEOPLE R watching #unpresidented
It's horrible that you would think that DeVos would do great things for our children. You're delusional!!
and @realDonaldTrump's comparing CIA to Nazi Germany not a stab in the back? Sad.
You're more of a traitor than Chelsea ever was. You sold your soul to big oil and Russia's agenda by endorsing Tillerson.
Rather than focusing on Chelsea, concern yourself with the ACA, affordable housing, human rights, cabinet choices....
According to many sources, the punishment did not fit the crime.
I find Trumps self aggrandizing speech in front of the Memorial Wall at the CIA to be MUCH Worse!
And you needed to get one last stab in the back at Obama. It won't be the last.  #gardnerpoliticalhack
so you favor covering up war crimes?
As you may remember, @BarackObama took care of Bin Laden for all of us!
pay attention to what matters.  Oppose Tillerson, DeVos, and do NOT repeal the ACA.
I am your constituent and what's horrible is you looking the other way with Trump's ethical conflicts.  Shameful.
are u serious?! Trump's First act was try to destroy HEALTHCARE and make it harder to buy a house
CO voter here. The sheer number of angry responses to the Senator gives me hope. Anything I would want 2 say was said above
Ditto
This is what you're upset about? Have you seen trump?
@weeklystandard maybe she will find trumps tax returns.
NO you have it wrong, Trump and his ilk are the traitors!
where would you rank it compared to stabbing the American people in the back by taking away their healthcare?
It was ridiculous.
your full mail box and lack of accountability are an outrage....who elected you....the donors or your constituents
So are Trump and Bannon.
She served her time!  You seem to be forgetting who you represent!
I disagree. Ms manning shed a light on our horrible assault in civilians in our never ending war on terrorism
of you really care, then demand an investigation into Russian hacking and election tampering.  Do your job as WE demand.
aaaand you will lose your job in 2018. Enjoy it while it lasts.
You are not listening to the people of Colorado!
worse than Iraq invasion?  really?
Yes Sen. Gardner, this is clearly so much more insulting than calling our intelligence community Nazis. Yahoo Integrity!
Get ready as I am sure you will be sharing some more "stabs" very soon. Like putting in a BFF forever in the the State D.
No, Manning is a patriot who tried to go thru channels to show horrific war crimes. She should have been listened to.
@weeklystandard SERIOUSLY??!!YOU ARE treasonous for knowing supporting a lunatic for your dang party.Don't cast stones.
Horrible that one of President Trump's first acts is to stab the American poor in the back, raising FHA mortgage ins. rates.
Horrible that one Colorado's senators would stab the 30 million Americans who will lose insurance in the back by voting to repeal the ACA.
Horrible that Obama DIDN'T pardon Leonard Peltier.
yet you support Trump and cabinet nominations who lack ethical integrity? As your constituent I am more disappointed in you.
@weeklystandard Don't do that. It's just divisive.
@weeklystandard you have turned your back on Colo
horrible that you are trying to repeal the ACA. You're disgusting. You do NOT represent CO!
Oh sweet irony! I'm still waiting for you and the head of your party to demonstrate respect for the intel comm, Re:Russia
boy, i hope we vote you out next term.
I don't think you really believe that. "stab the American people in the back" is hyperbole.  You can do better than this.
@weeklystandard  I am going to campaign so hard against your re-election. Thanks for the inspiration!!
@weeklystandard  giving us access to information concerning OUR government seems less treasonous than pal'n round with Putin
@SenCoryGardner is being as partisan as he can be today.
I am your constituent, and disagree wholeheartedly with this tweet.
@weeklystandard it's horrible that you represent the progressive state of Colorado and you do is go backwards! #shameonu
@weeklystandard why don't you worry about the shit storm that you and the rest of you obstructionists r causing. #nosolution
so is trump.
your constituents don't share your sentiment. This tweet is inappropriate and poor representation of the people of CO.
hypocrite.
How many years should she spend in prison?  Should we have executed her?  EZ to be hi and mighty.  Now for the Russians...
No vote to repeal ACA. Stop lying about ACA.
He is just following @realDonaldTrump lead.
You're joking, right?  Maybe take a look at your Republican PEOTUS before casting stones.  Wow!
what's even more horrible: the nominees your going to approve for Trump's cabinet. Stabbing Americans in the back for 4 yrs.
Her sentence was out of the norm and she's served longer than anyone else with similar charge. DO NOT REPEAL OBAMACARE!!
Trump is the traitor!
worst then U participating n the deaths of 10s of thousands by repealing the ACA?  kinda makes u a traitor. say bye n 2020
, if you're so concerned about nat'l security, how about investigating Trump's connections to Russia? #TrumpTraitor
Yet you support Trump and his undermining of our intelligence communities?
We were right about Donald Trump!  http://insanemuch.com/7-unconventional-reasons-donald-trump-will-be-the-next-president/ …
@weeklystandard you are wrong about Chelsea-- lay off
I must have missed all of your statements slamming Trump for denigrating the same defense and intel communities.
@weeklystandard this tweet means nothing if you don't stand up to Trump and his Russian buddies.
@weeklystandard Shame on you Senator Gardner.
@weeklystandard Cory, really?
@weeklystandard couldn't disagree more, senator. There are two kinds of evil people, & she stood up to both of them.
@weeklystandard don't be a traitor to the constitution Cory. Repeal don't replace government healthcare.
@weeklystandard you have more important items to be concerned with, the repeal of ACA, Russian interference etc.
Horrible that first act of pres elect Trump was 2 stab American defense & Intel community in the back. Trump is the traitor.
So is anyone that blindly let's Russia meddle an elections!. Look in the mirror!
@weeklystandard  shame for incorrectly simplifying this situation, shame to take away our healthcare w/o an alternative
she leaked intel to Wikileaks who gave it to Russia who used it to screw with our election that got Trump elected. umadbro?
Heh! Well done.
@weeklystandard who, by the looks of it, is also a traitor.
@weeklystandard I don't hear complaining abt the disrespect & disparagement that #Trump is raining down on the IC #Hypocrite
But @wikileaks is so awesome, AMIRITE?!? And @Snowden? A hero! Right? RIGHT?!? @SenCoryGardner
so why are you supporting his commutation?
I'm indifferent. *She* has been in the brig over 5 years. What about @wikileaks and @Snowden? What's your take?
he changed chromosomes? Feel the same way as years ago-all traitorous trash. #consistency
Oh look, we have an asshole here! Knew it was a bad idea to respond to you. Have a nice cup of Go Fuck Yourself.
@weeklystandard especially with Trump stabbing them in the front!
@weeklystandard  he commuted the sentence of a whistleblower that blew the whistle on traitors get your story straight
I wish you were equally concerned about the traitor that is being sworn into office on Friday.
I am a CO resident @SenCoryGardner and I think you should have done some reading + reflection on your party before you made this bad tweet.
Can I assume this means that you are taking the Trump-Putin allegations very seriously, Senator?
@weeklystandard is saying Intel community is source of leaks and a failure also bad, or OK because Mr. Trump is repub?
She's a whistleblower and served her time. Please make a stand for CO people who depend on ACA and would like cheaper Rx!
so you havent noticed Trump stabbing our intelligence community right in the front? What a hypocrite u are
@weeklystandard Cory, Obama is 10x the friend to the IC than the incoming Idiot-In-Chief. There must be more to the story.
I really don't think Obama is the one with the sketchy IC relationship.  Do your job and don't be a sell out.  Btw, CO needs the ACA.
Just who is it you think you're representing, Senator?  I wouldn't want you to suffer the same fate as Coffman.
She couldnt stand by silently and let terrible things happen, unlike you and the ACA. She was up for parole anyway.
This sounds like a Trump tweet. Conforming to the new protocol are we senator?
whistle-blowing is not traitorous
@weeklystandard The President is running roughshod over GOP + public. Pull it together
@weeklystandard Cory I gave you 100s of hours of my time campaigning for you and unequivocally disagree
no you didn't.
nice
CIA Director has a different take on back-stabbers.
@weeklystandard this won't distract us from what you, Trump and the rest of the GOP are doing re ACA. Colorado is watching.
@weeklystandard she has served 7 years, more time than any other whistle blower. How does your boss feel about Wikileaks?
it's horrible that you voted to repeal #ACA
@weeklystandard Considering your blind eye towards Trump / Putin this tweet is laughable.
Where's the outrage by all the damage GWB caused by invading Iraq?  How many soldiers died for no reason?
Speaking as a constituent, @SenCoryGardner,  Chelsea is a patriot from her whistleblowing, and has endured cruel and unusual punishment.
@weeklystandard it's horrible that you would leave 30 million people without insurance
russia won WI, MI, PA?
@weeklystandard let's get the lovely people of Colorado to recognize the Truly #Horrible things you've done.  #Hypocrite
So is Trump and I dont see the outrage for his support of Putin and Wikileaks
maybe after Trump is imprisoned for 7 years Cory will support commutation of his sentence?
@weeklystandard judge not, lest you be judged, "Senator". The games & obstruction, for years, an affront to #WeThePeople
"games and obstruction". Looking forward to you laying down for Trump's agenda #consistency
Its truly unbelievable!
Are you kidding? As opposed to impugning the integrity of the people that work in the intelligence community. Not even close
