I can look back and see that you've offered thoughts and prayers after every tragedy yet you've never once promoted substantive change.
And that’s why we should substantively change who holds that senate seat.
Please do something about it. Prayers and wishes aren’t working.
What do you have in mind
I honestly don’t know. But continuing to do nothing clearly isn’t working.
Well as Americans we have to figure out something that works, for everybody
No Jesse, we need to figure out the 2nd Amend says "well regulated militia" NOT a non-regulated one. No large clips, bump stocks, etc.
It really doesn’t matter in terms of a well regulated militia to keep the government in check they don’t fight much with guns anymore
Jesse...yes being a two decade military wife, I'm aware of that. The point is the 2nd amend. never meant unregulated assault weapons.
I totally agree. Just saying it’s a long road.
Will the NRA tell us that everyone should be packing heat in a casino to make us safe?
No, but I sure would! Sorry this Momma takes NO chances with her babies.
No chances, eh?  Hope we don't read about your babies pulling a Glock out of your purse.
I font carry a flock, and I always keep my weapon on me. What good is it if I can't get to it. My town allows open carry. Thank God.
Thank the NRA, not God.  Doubt he approves.
Who are we to say what God does and does not approved of. He has been the biggest mass murder ever, if he does exist. I live by the 10.
Truly horrific. Will you push now for meaningful #GunControlNow reforms, as well as HC for all mentally ill?  And vocally refute #MuslimBan3
You aren't a patriot if you want gun control.  Only communist and fascist want governmental control over the Subjects.
I want sensible gun control.  You want guns for self protection / hunting - 100% fine with me. Military grade weaponry needs tight controls.
In order to to obtain a full automatic firearm one need to apply for a FFL Class III stamp.  It cost $200.00 with lots of background checks
Do at least one thing today that is a tangible action. @CDCgov? @SenBennetCO @indivisibleden @denverpost #copolitics
33K+ gun deaths a year, yet Congress lets the @NRA effectively ban the CDC from researching gun violence http://rewire.link/1o0gsQp  
How about gun silencers Cory?  Does everything unrestricted just because NRA gives you money?
The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots. 

Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get.
Yet according to "Failing NY Times" 10/4 you are #5 of 100 senators receiving most NRA $ (1/2 term): $3,879,064 (McCain decades double).
It's terrible. What is your plan to end mass shootings in America?
What's your plan to stop profiting off child abuse? #SaveKaiser
Anything more than prayers? Actions! Any stance whatsoever about guns?  2A is fine, but sensible limits please!
Not one GOP senator that I could find has tweeted anything containing the word "gun" https://twitter.com/aedwardslevy/status/914972278663892992 …
All words, no actions Cory? Your typical modus operandi.  Six years already of you in Congress doing diddly for CO.
Seth Meyers hits Congress for ‘thoughts and prayers’ adage: ‘If you’re not willing to do anything — just be honest’ https://www.rawstory.com/2017/10/seth-meyers-hits-congress-for-thoughts-and-prayers-adage-if-youre-not-willing-to-do-anything-just-be-honest/#.WdLqsIjrkLk.twitter …
And you are cashing $3,879,064 worth of checks from the N.R.A.
How about you send some of that almost $4 billion of sweet NRA money with those thoughts and prayers? Victims have medical bills to pay...which thanks to folks like you, are expensive as hell.
#CommonSense ....you are the wrong man for this job. your thoughts and prayers, without actions make you a contributor to those deaths.
Will you be returning the  you received from the NRA & vote 4 stricter laws? Or will they continue to own you? $3,879,064 from the NRA
How'd ya' spend the $3,879,064 you got from the NRA to sell out the Coloradans you swore an oath to serve? Your prayers mean nothing. #NRA
Your "prayers + thoughts" keep getting ppl slaughtered. If you don't support banning high mags + bump stocks, then you're immoral + gutless.
You took more than $3.5mil from the NRA. Do you feel the warm blood on your hands? Or is it cold, like your heart. #VegasShooting
Too bad you will not place the blame on angry anti-Trump rhetoric because once again the shooter was a Democrat

All your friends are Dems
Prayers? Seriously? Why not send the $3.9 million you received from the NRA to the victims families?
Your obligation is to us. Do something meaningful, now, or I will work to make sure you never get reelected.
Thank you for speaking out and highlighting that there are steps our members of Congress can & should be taking to prevent gun violence.
You're welcome. I have small children and this is not the America I want for them.
And you will do worse than nothing. You will vote to further loosen gun restrictions so this happens again & again, NRA shill that you are.
Reasonable gun control would better serve the people.
Please help @shannonrwatts @MomsDemand etc
pass #CommonSenseGunLaws to keep high count magazine rapid fire guns out of people's hands.
Praying won't help. Strict new gun control legislation will.
pass gun control
Yes automatic weapons should be illegal... 

wait what?
grow up
Giid advice - take it. Real answers not knee jerk response.
Good
Where is our gun control legislation? Taking action to prevent further gun violence is a top priority, right?

You gonna donate all that sweet sweet $$$ to the victims' funds?
Stop just praying and do something. Stop taking $$ from NRA and actually protect Coloradans.
Sen Gardner:The NRA paid You $3.8Million http://dollars.You  Support the NRA and profit from weapons sales including machine guns.#LV
Your prayers are great and all, but you are also in a position to help create gun control laws that prevent this from happening again. WWJD?
You vote for more access to guns and against the healthcare those 515 (and counting) survivors will need.
You’re part of the Senate that let CHIP expire so you could cut taxes for billionaires and deregulate silencers. Keep your prayers.
Ban automatic weapons, for god sake!!!
They already are heavily restricted by the NRA Act of 1934
The image of the $3,879,064 check u took from the @NRA is horrific. Prayers r cheap when u hurt American people's safety. #LasVegasMassacre
Take some god damn action then, jackweed. Thoughts and prayers are meaningless.
Like?  What kind of action do you have in mind?  Nothing would have stopped this.
1 The senator has received almost $4mil over the years from the NRA. Donating to relief funds would be a great start. Vote no on silencers.
We don’t need prayers. We need reasonable gun laws. @SenCoryGardner
Thank you for your prayers and for defending #2a
So you're a Yes on legalizing silencers & armor-piercing rounds?
This reply makes no sense, just your sorry excuse of a "bazinga" fail.
How about FUCK YOU, fake "Christian" bitch.
Fuckin bot.
My what an angry Trigglypuff you are
And you're a bot. 
Hahahaha, it that the new "racist" term you hide behind to avoid actual discussion that exposes your lack of knowledge
Go away, bitch. You're boring.
You are such a hypocrite: $3,897,064 in support from the NRA?  save your prayers, support common sense gun control laws instead.
Is 1:15 When you stretch out your hands, I will hide my face; though you offer many prayers I will not listen, your hands are full of blood!
Will you take action on gun control? The NRA gave you 3,879,064 reasons not to. For those attending the next town hall, remind him to ACT.
But you will still happily take that NRA money, right Cory?
Here's how much $ you receive from the @NRA THIS IS WHAT LIFE IS WORTH TO YOU
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/04/opinion/thoughts-prayers-nra-funding-senators.html?smid=fb-nytimes&smtyp=cur …

Save your thoughts and insincere prayers. You represent us. Responsible gun owners overwhelmingly support control. Do your job.

You've taken almost $4million from the NRA in your career; how can you take it in good conscience especially w CO's history w gun violence??
Your words are empty: you’ve taken nearly $4M from @NRA in your career. What will it take for you to affect change? #EndGunViolence
WTF Cory https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/04/opinion/thoughts-prayers-nra-funding-senators.html?_r=0 …
My prayers are with everyones family!
I couldn't care less that you and your family are praying. Do something constructive and support gun control NOW!
You bear responsibility for all of these mass shootings with all the NRA finding you've received- $4 mil! Wake up and pass some gun laws!
content://media/external/file/260415
. you @SenCoryGardner take #NRA Money for Our loved ones souls - #GOPBloodMoney QUIT
#guncontrolnow #Impeach45  #actlikeyouworkhere #45isadisgrace
the bile says prayer with action is... Ready for some gun control bills?
But yet based on your voting history you don’t feel tougher laws are needed for gun control?
If only we knew someone in a position to make a change....oh well, might as well just pray.
Please answer us Mr. Gardner.  What plans do you have?
I’m sure you care deeply about the victims. Please help contribute to passing common sense gun laws, or offer up a better idea. Do anything.
Senator Gardner I am a 2nd Amendment support but you must do something about this kinda suff
“This is a tragedy, and if you’re trying to politicize it, or if anyone is trying to politicize it, then shame on them" 
No heart, no brain.
Their blood is on your hands!
You sold out to the NRA for  $5950? Boy, you are a cheap date, aren't you?
1.5 million ! Was that Thur PACs or direct from NRA? Your thoughts and prayers! You senator are a joke!

Take action. Stand down to NRA and Koch who have you hostage

You are bought ny NRA
Thank you for your prayers, but please ALSO pass some common sense gun control!
Same ones you issues for those in Orlando? #nratool How much did the NRA give you, 3M?
you're a disgrace, they don't need your prayers while you count your blood $$.
PLEASE give our country more than your prayers. Time for weapons of mass destruction to be an American issue, not a partisan one.
Do something about automatic weapons.  NOW. your prayers are hollow lip service.
These are empty words when you follow them with nothing substantial. Every GOP person is again saying this is not the time for gun control.
Senator we have a gun problem in this country. What are you going to do help solve this problem?  Condolences ring hollow without action.
But you keep taking that NRA money, Cory. That's obviously more important to you than people's lives.
#BloodOnYourHands
Hypocrite.
If you really feel bad DO SOMETHING
Please also act in congress to help end gun violence in our country.  That is how we honor those we lost.
It might be easier to kneel if you take all the @NRA's cash out of your pockets. #GunControlNow
We don't need your thoughts or prayers.  We don't need empty meaningless platitudes.  We need action on the gun crisis in America.
Your prayers don't work. How about give the NRA their $ back and pass some sensible gun legislation. #enough
- how does your A rating feel now?
why aren't you talking about #GunControlNow?
Give back the $3.9 million in blood money you took from the @NRA!
The real trouble for these people will be when they try to get healthcare and they have these preexisting conditions.
I agree with the hundreds of others who have commented on this. We gave you the power-now DO SOMETHING about it!!
Thoughts and prayers again?  Maybe you should start apologizing for putting guns and the NRA before peoples' lives.
What about the life liberty and the pursuit of happiness for the 58 individuals who died in Las Vegas? #GunControlNow It's time to work, Sir
Do your job and ban assault weapons now. Stop kissing NRA's butt
any plans on speaking out against the @NRA? nevermind,  I forgot you're on their payroll
You and every other Congressperson in the United States should be working on gun legislation, there is no reason why you shouldn’t be.
Praying is fantastic. How about DOING something about it, however? Is $5,950 from the @NRA the price to buy your silence? #GunContolNow
How about passing some common sense legislation?
your thoughts and prayers ring hollow @SenCoryGardner when contrasted with your position and votes on gun laws
Please vote NO on #shareact. Don't let this be another post-Orlando voting scenario. Show us if you care about the people you 'represent'.
Please be a leader in reforming the laws that allow these tragedies to continue. Please please please.
The 'prayers' of one who took $3,939,199 from NRA last year are useless.Blood is on your hands.Try gun control legislation to atone!
Doesn’t seem like thoughts and prayers are getting it done. That’s the stock response after every one of these senseless shootings.
Dear intern who runs this account,
Tell Cory to help pass legislation so this type of thing is less likely to happen again.
Do something about it! Stand up to the NRA and actually help
Then do your JOB and write some legislation to protect the innocent citizens from these lunatics.  You're not getting that salary to pray.
Save your #Prayers. How about standing like a man for substantial change to current gun regulations.  As a #CO resident, I demand gun reform
You're on the NRA payroll. You are complicit.
You need to do allot more than pray. We need common sense gun laws! Not laws that make it so easy to do something like this. #GunContolNow
we pray for people like you to change laws. Our prayers go unanswered. #enough
Standing up to the NRA on "silencers" is a start.  Things will never improve with no governmental control and NO executive moral example.
Gun control!
Prayers don't cut it. You voted against restricting gun ownership for mentally ill. Do something!
Blood money!
Your prayers do nothing. There is no reason for any civilian to have weapons this powerful. Quit praying and legislate.
Over 1 million $ from NRA - who's kidding who? #worstever
Automatic weapons are not necessary for self defense! We want common sense gun control!  #guncontrol
Pass sensible gun laws!!!!  Say no to silencer in Share act.
80202 constituent Cory.
Stop praying, and write some sensible gun control legislation.  Get the NRA's dick out of your mouth and DO SOMETHING.
DO SOMETHING
DO SOMETHING
PLEASE, DO SOMETHING
PLEASE
NO ONE needs semi automatic/automatic weapons, this is not freedom, your job is to to make our lives better!
With all due respect, your thoughts & prayers are ineffective. James 2:17..faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead. Do something
Your thoughts and prayers are not enough. Take a stand for strong gun control. Please.
Return the blood money you received from the NRA.
No one wants your prayers, Cory. Stop making guns a partisan issue. Look at how Australia’s reaction to gun violence helped.
If we want thoughts & prayers we'll call a priest. Enough BS and NRA blood $ in your pockets. Gun Legislation: do something or be voted out
Do more for these families and do something in Congress for gun control! Maybe start by discontinuing the NRA as one of your donors!
Q: Which political party is opposed to healthcare, gun control, and stopping climate change?
A: The one that calls itself pro-life.
Stop supporting the NRA.
You received huge donations from the NRA. Evidently that's more important than helping Americans stay alive.
#GunControlNow  not only prayers
Almost $4 million in #nrabloodmoney. That would help the victims much more than your prayers and get you out from under the NRA.
2)No on HR 38. No on concealed carry reciprocity. Defend states rights to determine reasonable gun safety legislation.
1)No on HR 3668, SHARE Act. No deregulation of gun silencers. In the event of gun violence, it is important to be able to hear shots fired.
Senator your tweets and platitudes and inaction or voting against CO are making me physically ill. You should be ashamed of yourself #shame
Why don't you return my emails ever? Are you ducking your constituents now? #CowardlyCory won't do shit about gun control b/c NRA owns him.
You should be praying that God will forgive you for putting the NRA ahead of the citizens of the United States.The blood is on your hands
Your prayers are disengenuous. You voted against common sense #guncontrol 2x within the last year.  You were bought by NRA for a measly $6k
Enough BS. For thoughts and prayers call a priest or rabbi. For decent gun laws call a congressman, and if he doesn't DO anything, sack him.
no you're not you're counting your latest 1.5 mil from the NRA
No one needs your thoughts and prayers....agian, they need your ability to reform gun laws!  #GunControlNow #onetermcory
Sandy Hook, Miami, and now LasVegas. What is it going to take for you and your republican buddies to stop being so beholden to NRA?
Your thoughts and prayers aren't enough. Stop voting to let things like this happen again and again.
Until you actually do something to help, it's clear that money means more than lives to you
Your empty words mean nothing. The fact that the NRA has bought your morality does. It means you have blood on your hands.
Don't PRAY.....ACT!!! Gun Control NOW.
Spare the thoughts n prayers and DO SOMETHING ABOUT GUN CONTROL.
If u do nothing to stop the proliferation of mass killing machines, my goal in life will be to get u voted out. Their deaths are on u all.
Save your prayers and do something to stop these tragedies.
Thoughts and prayers don’t cut it anymore.....how about some ACTION so this kind of crap doesn’t happen in America anymore?
You are complicit until you refuse @NRA blood money
#lying
Do your job. Remember Columbine. Remember Aurora. Act.
Did your bosses at the NRA write this for you? What exactly will praying accomplish?
Put your hand on your heart and swear by your deity that the $$$ you receive from the @NRA has NEVER influenced your vote.
Block the bill on silencers or remain silent!  No one needs or wants your prayers when you are supported by and support the NRA!
PLEASE Stop with the hollow platitudes. Means nothing. Praying does not stop the bullets of semi automatic weapons from killing Americans.
We didn't elect you to pray. Turn that nra rating from an A to an F!

You caused this. You allowed innocent people to die. These atrocities: Your fault. God will punish you for your sins.
Quit taking NRA money.  You're killing our citizens.... if you care.
I don’t know how you sleep at night while knowing your vote cost people their lives. Pillsbury Doughboy looking ass mother fucker. #trash
Your not what Colorado needs or stands for.
Your thoughts and prayers don’t mean shit.
Says the guy that sucks the @NRA ‘s dick. & the shit who voted AGAINST the background checks for selling guns privetly/online/gun show.
I see you have an A rating from the NRA. Praying is not going to stop these mass shootings. We need better gun control now!
Please address this public health and safety issue by sponsoring gun control legislation
Shove your prayers. If you truly cared about victims of gun violence you'd do something about it. NRA money a little too good, eh?
2/ Would like 2hear u pledge that u'll do your part 2find ways 2stop it from happening again. U told us ur a different kind of Rep. Show us.
But Sen,u take NRA money. We can all pray about it but what'll u do 2fix our permissive gun laws? We elected u2 protect your constituents 1/
This blood is on your hands and the many others who accept millions from the NRA. We don't want your thoughts and prayers.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DLI7CtiXoAI2asN.jpg … aren’t you bought and paid for Senator. Is that your secret code to the NRA to thank them for their $$$$$
You are complicit in each and every one of those deaths.
Dear @SenCoryGardner your empty words are sickening. Why the inaction? Why is there no debate? 2020 cant come soon enough #byebye #colorado
Give your NRA money back
We don’t need prayers, we need common sense legislation to limit this kind of event from happening in the first place. DO SOMETHING.
Oh shut it.

Send back your NRA blood money and figure out how to stop these "horrific images" from showing up again.
Your job isn't to pray. Your job is to represent Colorado, stop taking NRA money and enact sensible gun control laws.
