The U.S., Japan & S.Korea have called for an open emergency meeting of the Security Council regarding N.Korea's ICBM launch. 
So, what more can you say to divert attention from your hostility toward Coloradans? What are you so ashamed of that you can't meet with us?
Gardner=Trump
You are just pathetic!
Are you serious with this? You're gonna act like a tough guy when you won't face Coloradans?!?! 
Does "the time for words is over" mean you want to go to warm with North Korean? They're unstable & they got nukes. That's stupid.
Is time for words truly over, @SenCoryGardner?Trying to imagine what heavily armed N. Korea might do if cornered and Kim's regime at risk.
North Korea has to be strategically internationally and gainfully their place in our and world
Arresting #copolitics constituents who just want to speak with you about health care is unbecoming, to say the least. When will you meet?
On addition to all the true comments re: you don't show up for CO, a 1st step might be to have ambassadors, trade envoys & State Dept staff.
How are you voting on AHCA?
Big talk. You just hide from your constituents. Town hall would be good. NK is a concern but you voting yes on #TrumpCare is more dangerous
2020 isn't far enough away that you should feel comfortable screwing the people of Colorado and hope we'll forget and vote for you. #resign
What about Russia and their interference? Isn't that worth looking into? They are more of a threat than that crazy little man- KJU not Trump
It's time for you to be over. Colorado has no use for your distractions and lame duck posturing. Take a stand on something real and hear us.
Instead of going on and on about N. Korea how about talking to Coloradans about the Healthcare bill
The time for words is past due. Why no LIVE, IN PERSON town hall? Too afraid of meeting us face to face? Ashamed of your party? Your POTUS?

The time for words is over. NO to repealing health care & cutting M'Caid. YES to reasonable gun bkgd checks. YES to a Denver townhall mtg!
Clearly, your constituents are much less concerned about N Korea than they are the Senate's attempt to remove affordable health care.
There has never been a greater time for words. You could try getting them to the table as an equal power, and not only as a foe.
TALK ONLY Cory.  When the rubber hits the road you'll run for someplace neutral to "hide" to protect your political "future"  #waffleking
Comrade Cory,
How's the Trumpf-Republican-Russian investigation going?
Coloradans, it is up to us to fix the insanity in D.C.! Gardner could not care less about our wishes or well-being! He's a coward.

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
You take a stand yet on Senate healthcare bill you and 12 others hid behind closed doors and drafted? NOPE! Thumb in the wind #waffleking
China and Russia will not allow this. And you know Putin owns Trump.  And Trump owns you. #trumpsbitch #russianpuppet
Please examine the issue hashtagged #Savethe200th in the coming days. Greatly appreciate it!
I would like to keep trying words.

Let's try them in Colorado.

You remember Colorado?

Can We speak to you?
Depends, how much $$ are you willing to bribe him with?
If you leave congress before you've done your job,  you will be fired
Why should we worry about N Korea when our president is in bed with Russia!!Hypocrit!
North Korea is an international problem and is not a United States problem Nikki Haley is really in over her head!
It's called dialogue.We r dealing wit a madman who cares nothing about his people and only wants to hold on 2 power.Then there's Kim Jong-un
Cory, stop acting like your thoughts on N Korea matter. You are a joke. You are trying to screw over CO and we all know it.
#WeWillReplaceYou
Hey Cowardly Cory, taking healthcare away from 400,000 is MUCH more of a threat than North Korea is.
Drop the hammer.
I'd run against u to rep CO. I may not have all the skills but I can find CO on the map & that's more than u can say! #itshiptobesquare
North Korea's ICBM?  but I'm more worried about my access to: CBC.PSA,MRI,THJR,CVAC,EKG,LVAD,IACB,TKR, & CCPD.
Need Health Care Answers STAT
NK is a problem.  But the US is literally under attack RIGHT NOW by Russian propaganda/disinformation campaigns seeking to destroy us.
Stop with the sabre rattling, if a million s.koreans die because of you, can you live with that? Try fixing Colorado healthcare instead
I got excited when I started reading this tweet. I thought you were calling for a town hall in CO. Dang. #whereisCory?
It would be amazing if you'd spend as much time talking to your constituents as you spend beating your chest about North Korea.
Put your constituents first. Posturing like this is a joke and you fool no one. Come home, take care of our business, and listen to us.
4/ Senator, it is time to come find the courage and return to Colorado and meet with Coloradans and hear what we have to say.
3/ But make no mistake your actions on the Republican BCRA bill have significant consequences for the people you are supposed to represent.
2/ It is not clear if these are bright and shiny objects to divert your attention or to try and divert your constituent’s attention.
1/ Senator, your twitter feed is a long list of declarations not terribly relevant to most Coloradans.
Words before war. And how about you at least speak to your constituents? No on health care reform that robs medicaid
Vote no on the disastrous healthcare bill.
You will go with him if you follow!
Be patient with @nikkihaley, she really didn't seem to enjoy working on her 4th of July holiday.
It seems like you want to talk about ANYTHING BUT HEALTHCARE.
"The time for words is over." - Could be applied to your lack of interest in engaging Coloradans in person at town halls.
The time for your words on health care is now.  Will you protect 400,000 Coloradans on Medicaid expansion now and in the future?
Town hall!! We have questions for you. You are obviously trying to shift focus. HEALTHCARE and RUSSIA INFLUENCE is what I care about. 
You think your opinion matters in world affairs when you cant even talk to constituents? You wont be president. You cant even be a senator.
I wish you would have the same desire to help out our people who are on the edge to lose health care coverage
Say no to the BCRA!  241K COs are depending on you saying no. Be a leader & stand up for us rather then the wealthy getting the tax breaks
How about some words from you on how you are opposed to the GOP health terror bill?
Hello where were you this weekend hiding maybe One Term only !!!!
Why are you imposing an economic embargo on your rural Colorado constituents by considering voting for TrumpCare? Or wealthcare?
@nikkihaley How about an Ambassador to South Korea? That would likely be exceedingly helpful!
China and or Russia (both on security council) will veto as both generate large amounts of trade through the region. Sadly, 1 option left.
Tell us more about the words America used. Do you have official reports? Things that the public can access or was it Trumps phone calls?
Your good at words. And photo ops. You're not good with actions.
@SenCoryGardner's tweet on North Korea getting hammered by critics who say he's ducking them on health care.
@SenCoryGardner feels no need to respond/talk to constituents. Only biz special interests get his ear cuz $$$ is his god
So, does that mean you'll be first in line to volunteer to go to war? Thought not!
How about a tweet or two on healthcare, Senator?

Stay out of NK! Leave it to China, Japan, Europe. Focus back in US on tax&healthcare reform, debt reduction.  Balance the freaking budget.
N. Korea will not kill our families, but your healthcare bill will. Your people are desperate for this conversation. What is wrong with you?
The time for words in Colorado has been over for you the last year and a half apparently. Before long you will start threatening to bomb us!
Healthcare!!! Vote No!  Don't forget about Colorado....
"Time for words is over"  ~ Response from coward, Cory Gardner when asked about the anti-health care bill he helped to write
"The time for words is over." 
When did you have time for words with your constituents? We suggest you start a dialog w/ us immediately.
With your support of a deranged lunatic in the WH this NK thing is poised to destroy everyone's lives. Words? You talk and say nothing.
another chicken hawk who never served jonesing for war.
Sounds right, I suppose. But what will it really do? Other than make most North Koreans look even skinnier?
Did you see Nikki Haley's tweet about her Fourth of July being ruined?
I believe Coloradans would appreciate some words on healthcare.  Maybe you could string along a series of them that express your position?
Indeed!  Poor Victoria in the Denver office says Gardner hasn't stated his position on healthcare or the Choice Act.  State your position!
Hope ain't a policy, Cory.
So, are any of your 3 kids going to fight the war you seem to be intent on starting? Or is the plan to demand sacrifice from other families?
Last I checked #China and #Russia weren't interested. Also, #healthcare.
Yes, the time for words is over, Cory. Oh, wait. We never heard your actual words because you won't meet with your constituents
Read your replies.
The people of Colorado do not care. We are concerned about the future of our healthcare and the incompetent potus you rubber stamp
but when is OUR time for words with YOU? when  are you going to meet with us?
We apparently dont donate enough to matter
I really wish you'd stop obsessing on N Korea when CO has millions of people who are afraid of losing healthcare under your cruel plan.
1st of all, economic sanctions won't do a damn thing. EVERYBODY knows that. 2nd-WHAT ABOUT COLORADO'S HEALTHCARE?!
How bout healthcare. How you feeling?
