I also urged the Administration to take a determined and resolute U.S. policy toward North Korea. Read more here:
I noticed you still remain silent. How do you plan to hold the president accountable? #indivisiblecolorado
N Korea is using toxic chemical VX to human body. It's terrerism n against human right. Toxic chemical SB banned
you should resign. You supported an administration that hurts Colorado and the nation. #indivisiblecolorado
You have not given an explanation about your vote for #BetsyDeVos  
#indivisiblecolorado
how about letting #45 know Mar-a-lago dining hall is not the situation room. Stand up for the US citizens.
DRNK bullies Japan. Trump bullies Cory. Cory bullies CO voters. "See something say something"
have you asked what visitors at Mar-A-Lago think?  I mean, they were part of Trump's briefing.  #safe! #secure!
You need to be more concerned about the Russian spies in the White House, or are you just getting some of the Ruble?
You do not answer phone calls. you ignore voters, while supporting trump. #indivisiblecolorado
you voted to make a known racist attorney general. You should resign.  #indivisiblecolorado
your silence regarding the new revelations abt the trump administration/Russia communications is deafening #onetermgardner
.@SenCoryGardner Did you approve any more illiterate billionaire heiresses to look after the educational needs of the American children?
what happens when NK's allies also want 'to show force.'  #warmachinesponsorsmakeyoulooklikeachild #trumpalsoeasilygoaded
these releases are worthless when you don't listen to us, vote in ways that undermine our best interests & sell our future
Your Republican Administration also voted for every nominee. Even if they weren't qualified. You've become deaf to Colorado
I urge you to choose ideologically centrist Coloradoans over corporate donors. Read more in the Constitution. #whoyouwork4
Hold a town hall meeting and find out what people are concerned about. Paid protesters? That's fake news. Man up.
When do we see the full Russian investigation?  Fire Flynn #RepublicansAmericaIsWatching
Colorado deserves a town hall meeting with you. Your constituents ask that you keep Planned Parenthood funded.
hey Cory. Don't u think people AR testing missiles bc of the nut bag in the WH and his insulting tweets?!?  Wake up GOP
Trump is more concerned with Nordstrom and you are one of his many enablers. Plus, you are jumpy. Settle down little guy.
your constituates are talking.
I really don't think he understands that people are seriously fed up with his incompetence and duplicity.
he doesn't want to admit he has to be accountable to people who he represents. Repub are all claiming paid prots
What about the Administration's policy on Russia? Do you think their current actions are appropriate Senator Gardner?
Thank you! Spot on.
NK most sanctioned country in the world.
nice Cory!  Bandwagon much?  No backbone but hey, doing the popular thing comes easy.
what about Russia?
DT is bullying, lying, promoting his family businesses as @POTUS  insulting others, silencing media. Stand up to it! #MAGA
town hall time and place coming soon?
do we really need to urge the Trump administration to be more determined and resolute regarding war and conflict? #getagrip
Mr. Gardner, you should resign. YOU HAVE FAILED COLORADO.  You betrayed your voters. resign.
Why to you back an administration that is hurting the people who trusted you to represent Colorado?
Why don't you answer your phone?  Why do you claim angry voters are paid protesters?
What about your vote to confirm a racist as Attorney General?
What about your vote for Betsy DeVos? It was against the children of Colorado.
What about holding the president accountable?
that's great advice Trump can't wait to get us in a shooting war be careful what you ask for Senator
.@SenCoryGardner Senator, I hope investigating this administration's ties to Russia is also a priority.
OK good. We'd love 2 see u make statements like this in person. That's part of the gig, right? #HearUsCory  #RealTownHall
.@SenCoryGardner #whereintheworldisCorysandiego? #notincolorado
If you hold a townhall meeting, you will quickly learn that we are real Coloradans, not hired protestors.
quit hiding behind your statements & show your face to the people you "represent"
Urging is not enough. It's time Congress takes action to reign in this President. Failure to take action will be remembered.
so your town hall to discuss with the #unpaidprotestors is when?
And I urge you to have a town hall meeting with YOUR CONSTITUENTS.


...I voted for your ineffective representation of our State. I WANT MY VOTE BACK! You need a town hall in CO to listen to us
Your children are too young to serve our Country, mine ARE serving this Country. It's easy for you to jump to aggressiveness
why not against "Russia, too?
who cares about your letters and press releases, WE WANT A TOWN HALL!
You R severely out of touch. Colorado is waiting for you to come home for a chat. We dare you. Come home for a reality check
Concerned about American security? Ask for Gen. Flynn’s resignation.
Hi Cory, still waiting for your response to your constituent's concerns on Bannon, DeVos, equality for all. Issues here.
So sick of your ineffective & pointless press releases When are you going to meet with the 24k voters in CO trying to see u?
We're losing respect for you,  since you don't seem to respect us.  Paid protestors?? You realize Clinton won CO?
