There is still time to sign-up, join us here:
this is BS, face your constituents Cory!
thanks!! (But have to work)
Question 1:

Jeff Sessions had contacts with Russia firing campaign. When will you call for a special prosecutor?
Correction: Jeff Sessions had contact with Russia during the campaign. When will you call for a special prosecutor?
How convenient to only announce on Twitter. So pathetic.
really? Want to make sure no one that works for a living can listen to your propaganda? Heil Trump, Heil Gardner!
We want in person town hall in FORT COLLINS!!!!!!!
Were we cutting into your lunch hour in DC?
you represent the people of Colorado. Do it at their convenience, not yours. 6 PM MST.
Would you do a real town hall if we got you another $50K, Cory?
Don't be afraid to face Colorado. You won't be reelected without us!  Protect our land and water!!!!!
Your name does not come up on the call, thus I did not answer the call from Fort Lupton. Please correct this for the future
thanks I missed it
so now all of us will definitely be working. Thanks a lot for ignoring me! 80015
I attended your tele-town hall. Rehearsed answers and vetted questions. Waiting for a live town hall.
That was awfully nice of you, to CHANGE THE CALL AT THE ABSOLUTE LAST MINUTE. #YouWillNotBeReelected
3rd request: what is your upcoming TH schedule for CO? I hear you are going on vacay but maybe you can reply soon?
pretty shady of you to change the time 2 hours before it, no one on reddit was impressed: https://www.reddit.com/r/Denver/comments/5wwhjo/cory_gardner_changes_time_of_telephone_town_hall/ …

No in face town hall?  What are you afraid of?  If you can't take the heat you shouldn't have run for political office.
coward. #2020.
it would be great if you could schedule these more conveniently.  I know you think we're all $ protestor Some of us work!!
his new name is Crowardly Cory!
No thanks, Cory the Game Show Host.  It will be a neat trick blowing smoke up my ass over the phone, though.
even earlier? Coward!! I had to miss it, cuz you know, I actually work for a living.
I voted for you. I'm discouraged. You skirted our points & dismissed us. Devos, Plan Parent., ACA. You don't listen. Fail.
I had cleared my calendar at 10. Had a 9 - 10 meeting. Shows disrespect for your constituents' time. #out2020
Weasly. Weasly. Weasly.
Wow, way to evade your constituents!
Actually received my call at 9:43... couldn't attend due to a work conflict but will try again next time.
hopefully you will continue your complete disregard for your constituents.  Will only give us more incentive to vote you out
oh big improvement! Anyone with the job will be happy to miss their work to be there! Seriously!
If you are encouraging citizen participation, why not have it in the pm so working people can attend?
.@SenCoryGardner Your behavior continues to show indifference to those you serve. Come next election cycle, trust that you will be fired.
a massive conference call with a last minute time change while refusing to meet in person is NOT a Town Hall #WhereIsCory?
I attended and it was somewhat interesting. He lied a couple times and it was frustrating not being able to fact check him
SESSIONS+SPECIAL PROSECUTOR +RUSSIA. Which side are you on now Senator?  Your constituents are asking?
rescheduling a meeting with constituents to attend a meeting with the President makes me wonder again: Whom do you serve?
when will you have a town hall that all of your constituents can attend?!
Coward. Holding Tele town hall mid-week, changing the times, filtering the questions so you don't have to answer hard ones.
Really, already inconveniently scheduled in the middle of a work day and now 1.5 hour notice of a time change?
can you make it harder for people to get their voice heard?  Tele town hall.  Bad time.  Last minute change? #2020vision
I did not get a call!
Way to schedule your town hall online, on a Wednesday, in the middle of the day. Then change the time the morning of it.
TIME CHANGE: My town hall call will now be taking place at 9:30 am MST. Signed up already? You'll receive call at the new time. 
Stop ducking us. Hold a face-to-face town hall.
I'm trying to listen to the stream but have been getting hold music for 8 mins. Tech glitch or schedule glitch?
hold a real town hall meeting! We are waiting!
Cory! I didn't get a call... signed up like you said to... this is all very weak, man.
Still waiting for my call - I signed up!
9:37 and no call?!?
Awaiting promised phone call and listening to dead air on the supposedly live stream.  Are you MIA again?
still no call, but I signed up days ago...
I got my call.  Thanks for your time.
Nice way to actually promote your event. You may want to give more of an advance notice next time. People have to work.
Well I actually do my job while I'm at work so this timing is impossibly inconvenient. When's the in person town hall?
Hey @SenCoryGardner the last-minute change isn't cool & feels deceitful. I'd rearranged my work schedule to join at 10 #heynext
Really handy for working people. Thanks for that.
what a joke this is again. #onetermsenator
lol
I guess you only wanted supporters to be on the phone...just like trump..you are no different
I'm thinking none of us attend...he can talk to himself and then this can't be a thing
This works so well with the 9:30 meeting I scheduled so I could be available at 10:00. Thanks for nothing. #CowardGardner
Does anyone on Facebook or Twitter support Cory, cause all I see are ppl against him & his lack of CO representation! #2020
there is one who knows how he got elected
Guess I'm the only one who saw @BrandonRittiman piece on ALL of  Senator's town hall records. @SenCoryGardner not the only absent one.
A "town hall" on the phone from DC. During constituents' work day. Know you hoped we'd fall for the effort, but this fails.
you can't change the time with so little notice! I made arrangements with my work to do a call at 10am!!
When will you schedule one that people who work normal business hours can attend?
Thank You @SenCoryGardner for Supporting Our @POTUS 

#Copolitics #Coleg #CoSen
#JointAddress #MAGA
TIME CHANGE: My town hall call will now be taking place at 9:30 am MST. Signed up already? You'll receive call at the new time. 
just got the time change email. Thank you
chicken shit.
this is NOT a town hall. It's a method for you to hide from your constituents.
just be use you don't want to do your job doesn't mean that we don't have to do ours. #onetermgardner
@IndivisibleBOCO YOUR "TOWN HALL" IS NOTHING MORE THAN A CONFERENCE CALL. You are a coward &embarrassment to the state of CO
"talk WITH cory" please. More like listen to Cory and be unable to reply. Have a REAL town hall #dontbescared #facethepeople
can't wait to speak with you senator. Despite the weekday call and changing it at the last minute
Would be great to do this when we are all not AT WORK!!! How about a town hall in person after business hours? Sad!
I checked my email and still no notification time changed. Many don't have Twitter. Send email so constituents make call.
It would be really cool if you planned a meeting with your constituents that wasn't a workday for most of us.
The Cowardly Senator now hiding in DC without a single recess town hall with CO constituents #OneTermSenator
conference call does not equal town hall.  Shame.
next time perhaps outside of when your constituents are working
very disappointed that you din't have the courage or integrity to face the people you serve.
Show up in person like your colleagues have done and listen to your actual constituents. A phone call is not the same thing.
your leadership leaves MUCH to be desired. There is no telling how disappointed I am with you. #DoYourJob
Last second time change on an already inopportune teleconference? What are you hiding from?
it was to ensure that his best constituents (*cough* staffers) were at the front of the line b4 time is up.
When's the last time you visited the western slope cory? We wont forget you helped steal are voice During election
Afraid to face constituents in person then changes phone "town hall" last minute #SnowflakeAwards @9NEWS #copolitics
changing the time same day is inconvenient. Now to shuffle my meetings and commute. Be sure to speak to healthcare. Thank u.
any groups forming to oppose Gardner please contact me. This coward and his BS need to go. Changing the time 2 hours before
we're at work dingleberry
Cory, this is shameful... why won't you meet with us face to face? Why the moving target tele town hall while we're at work?
You owe Colorado an explanation for why you're voting against our best interests and ignoring our voices!
Your cowardice is appalling. To not be in Colorado meeting with your constituents face to face is very telling! #TickTock
In biz we often need to reschedule calls, however; very poor decorum on your part. U know how badly C0 wants to talk with u
wow. This tells ALL of us that we are not priority. Not acceptable. Calling for your recall!
can't recall senators. Gotta get people to vote him out!
thanks. Conference call great. Too far to drive from rural CO to town hall meeting.
GFY
you keep making this easier and easier, 
so if you had a REAL townhall would you just start talking 1/2hr early without telling anyone? Effing coward! #trumprussia
take a cue from @SenTomCotton and hold an in-person town hall. You are dodging your constituents.
lol a phone call?? Trump is leading you into cowardice and you will fall like him.
reminder to the senator Colorado voted for Clinton.teleconference =afraid of   constituents <above party
not ok. Those of us who can get the time off work now can't attend. That's your plan I'm sure.
what a scared little man.  A call?  Afraid to meet us in person.
don't put up with bully's on the call. Enough of their irrational behavior.
Your website still says 10 AM. This is confusing and unprofessional. Please host an in-person meeting. @SenCoryGardner
policies aside: His leadership and organizational skills enough of a reason to vote against.
kind of last minute dontyathink?
most of us have a job.
Sorry but having this when we are at work (do u remember what work is?) is just wrong. Face us in person. Cory out in 2020.
SAD...you are a joke!
I rearranged my day to attend, and now will not be able to do. How convenient for you to be off the hook again!
Who the hell can do a phone call at 9:30? You are way out of touch with your constituents.
A call?  That is so sterile.  Part of a town hall is seeing what the true feelings on your face are, body language.  
I'm in an IEP MTG for my child then. Since we don't get paid to govern like u we can't just change our schedule on whim

one more time: conference call is NOT A TOWN HALL!
how convenient for people who arranged their work schedule to talk to their congressman mid-week... #whereiscory
oh great, we will still be at our jobs cause it's weds but tele townhalls are useless regardless. Hold. A. Real. Town. Hall.
Thanks. Town hall calls allow you to select friendly questions. Please find time to face constituents in person as well.
A PHONE CALL!? gee ain't you courageous / COUNTRY FIRST - walk away from TEAM PUTIN or you will B fighting 4 top bunk!
is a coward of epic proportion.
unfortunately I can't make it  to put you on the spot, so I'll say it here again. Investigate #TrumpRussia.
You're effing kidding me right? You're such a joke.
You've got to be kidding me.  You're so scared of us.
