Senator, you have lost your chance to stay on the side of the middle class and the poor. You basically support the rich and their goals.
I understand though, you know, we don’t have money, they do! They will give you money, but we cannot, because we don’t have the money.
In this tax situation, Doing the right thing for the people, and doing the right thing for yourself are two very different things.
And you simply chose to save yourself. Sir, you are underestimating the power and intelligence of the people that put you into that office.
It's been thirty years, but this is not tax reform, it's tax retrogression. It's taking money from the poorest to the richest. Shame!
#VoteGardnerOut2020
If it means most tax breaks for top 1%, cuts Medicare and Medicaid, you are on wrong agenda.
“Share our thoughts” so, you can ignore them and vote with your donors? This isn’t about helping us, it’s about helping your wealthy donors
Adding trillions to our debt to give millionaires "relief" is irresponsible at best. We'll remember this in 2020.
Too bad we have to wait that long
Forbes:
Why do you even pretend to want to hear our thoughts? You ALWAYS vote party over the people. Do the right thing for the country #corruptGOP
How is this helping hard working Americans?
@SenCoryGardner when are you going to take the appropriate stance against Dftrump like respectable senators Corker and Flake?

Amazing that in the last 36 years, the 1% have enriched themselves almost exactly as much as our national debt. Congratulations, Congress.
And now the roads and stormwater systems SUCK.
No tax cuts for the rich. Retain ALL deductions for middle class. How will you balance the budget if rich & businesses get huge cuts?

Trump is the next Hoover.  And you support him.
You will be defeated
Your political career is over. You lose. Your POTUS has lost and your party is lost. #AmericaDeservesBetter #VoteThemAllOut #CoryIsACoward
It’s insane to add $1.5 trillion to the National debt while cutting Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid...while giving breaks to the rich!
Cutting taxes during ongoing conflicts in Afghanistan, Iraq, etc. is ill advised.   $11 billion/month in war costs!  Tax cuts? NO.
Be proud you are cutting Medicaid and Medicare to get tax cuts for wealthy the GOP should be ashamed it so in our face you are lying to us
It's going to be another 30+ years before I and my middle-class friends see any tax relief. I'm surprised you don't choke on your lies.

.@SenateGOP just cleared the way for tax cuts for the wealthy and $1.5 trillion in more debt that our children will have to shoulder: 
The rich don't need a tax break and trickle down doesn't work.
How about tax relief for the poor and middle class rather than huge tax breaks for your rich donors and white supremacist, @realDonaldTrump
Research it ! And you’ll see it’s for the middle and lower.
I have and it's not
Tax cut you support will break the nation.
Billionaires don't need the tax relief you're giving them.
1.5 trillion added to the deficit for the wealthy while Americans die in #PuertoRico
Trump boy
Get it done!
This isn't tax reform, this is a gift for a handful of very rich people, at everyone elses expense. It's a #fraud!
Trickle down economics is a lie! Go check out what happened with Brownback's Kansas experiment. Tax cuts for the rich only benefit the rich.
Right! Tax “relief.”  What you really mean  - YUGE bonus for the wealthy! Go tell your lies to the nitwits that are gullible & believe lies.
... and hit 4 bingo spots in that single clip. Nothing if not predictable. But what does any of it mean? #copolitics https://twitter.com/cardboardcoryco/status/921022695747207170 …
Save me your tax relief for millionaires. Keep my taxes, raise them even, and give me universal healthcare.
I think people have shared their thoughts and the consensus is that we don't believe in you or the #Trumptaxscam you're pushing.
We do not need tax "relief" We need tax reform to simplify taxes. 0% below $30k, 15% $30k to $100k, 25% over $100k and Corp.
Do you not have a grasp of basic civics??Taxes aren't toenails that need to be clipped every so often.
These dollars go towards programs and infrastructure which do way more for people than the few dollars they would get back in tax refunds
But keep up the narrative that taxes are inherently evil. Tax dollars pay engineers, doctors, scientists, teachers, and many others
Many private companies are entirely funded through grants provided by tax dollars. So if you are pro jobs you can't be anti-taxes
Sincerely, a water resources engineer whose paycheck comes from FEMA flood insurance dollars for the flood insurance studies I update.
We need individual/family tax costs. Corporate tax cut is govt business to make sure off-shore repatriated. Impact real voters instead
For the uber rich. We know who you serve.
Anytime working class Americans hear "Tax reform" from a Republican, it really means "Tax Breaks for the Rich".
How about working across the isle and attack healthcare first. Incremental improvements actually help people. #workforus
Also, is it ever dispiriting to never have any details about your major plans? It’s like the GOP can’t govern or something...
Bet you anything your solution involves tax cuts for the most well-off...
Instead of tax breaks for the wealthy, what about CHIP? Puerto Rico? Protecting National Parks? CSRs? You’re bought and paid for. #spineless
I'll bet you failed to mention that Reagan raised taxes 10 times after his major tax overhaul.
We want somebody that will represent us and not their agenda & checkbook.
The Waltons don't need a tax break. Average Americans are sick of the influence wielded by the wealthy.
Ignore cardboard Cory he will be out come Nov and hopefully out of the USA. We don’t like traitors in CO.
Amnesiac, or likely just ignorant of tax cuts of W's first term. And the huge deficits caused by 80s cuts, 00s cuts, and Iraq war, creep.
But you'll make that up by cutting ACA, Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security. What a liar!
2009 Stimulus included $287billion in tax cuts. The 2001 and 2003 Bush tax cuts have cost $3.5 TRILLION.
You mean back when rich taxes were cut to unprecedented levels (and now you want to cut them even more)?
My immediate thought is you are a pandering hack. Save healthcare.
If it's a giveaway to the wealthy and corporations, you don't get to call it "relief." That would be called "demagoguery."
It’s for the middle class! so get it done or we will find someone who will.
Cory Gardner is willing to give tax cuts to billionaires so that
Medicare, Social Security and healthcare will fail due 2 lack of funding.
Just because it has been 30 years doesn't mean you screw the middle class to help the rich. Estate tax repeal only helps the rich.
Attended the phone town hall. Was appalled but not surprised at the mid-statements, half truths & Rep lies. Not enough room here for all ...
... the examples, here's just 1- Farmers & the Estate Tax: Only estates worth $5.49M are subject to the estate tax. That applies to only ...
... approx 1-2% of all farms in the US. What I heard in the phone town hall was all the Rep propaganda being spewed across the air waves ...
I heard Koch bro's, NRA & Mercer donors propaganda, Trump & McConnell's agendas. I didn't hear help for Colorado. Cory forgets ...
... who he works for. He works for the people of Colorado. Hope Cory's not looking for a 2nd term.
#yousuckatbeingasenator
#onetermcory
I have an idea. Go back to the Reagan era tax rates.
I'm sure the rich and the rest of the 1% will be very happy about your major tax overhaul.
Tax cuts won't pay hospital bills if I don't have insurance!

If Americans are sick & w/o healthcare, they can't work to pay taxes!
At some point, Koch bros will figure out that Cory won't be a CO Sen after 2020, so they'll stop lining his pockets. Oh, sweet day to come.
Congress has never passed a "Presidential Fitness of Office" bill either. Make history. Get Trump and cronies out of office. #draintheswamp
My salary didn’t increase as a result.
Tax relief should not be nearly as high a priority as healthcare bill and student loan relief. Those are real problems for normal people.
No reform until @POTUS releases his returns. No tax breaks for the rich.
Stop Trump from giving tax cuts to billionaires.
You will destroy the middle class and poor of this state. Hope you can sleep.

Tax relief for the wealthy isn't leadership. 

It's a form of class warfare.
Tax relief does not equal tax cuts for billionaires.

I think it's time we found a Senator that truly represents the people and not a party.
This tax relief is 4 the rich - since trickle down we've done nothing but that! It has ripped the country apart -r u trying 2 finish us off?
I heard it. You are bought and paid for by the rich.
Tax relief for who?
I wouldn’t believe you sir, if you told me the sky was blue. We know who owns you and who you work for and it isn’t Coloradoans.
Your constituents don't want the estate tax repealed.
Super
Only 50 small business and small farms nationwide are going to have to pay this estate tax this year.
My thoughts r that u can’t be trusted cuz u took $ from the NRA & u won’t have a town hall in Den. As far as I am concerned u r voted out.
The repeal of the Estate Tax is a break for the richest American's.  Not the small farmers you claimed into would help in the call.
Genuine tax REFORM is a must!
Cut taxes for middleclass, http://sm.business  AND Big Corps mandatory, to boost economy.
RICH Top 2%, No!
This isn't tax reform, simply a tax cut for the rich.
Yet another senator eager to help the rich get richer and let the poor get poorer.
Cory! Join my fb group to remind people that CO #ACA #openenrollment begins NOV 1! Serious. @CardboardCoryCO too! 
https://www.facebook.com/groups/512657505734466/ …
How do you give tax relief to your major donors since they don't pay taxes?  President Putin is not a US taxpayer.
Nothing you have done makes me believe you have my best interests at heart. You represent your donors, not me and my family.
Thoughts:
1-Represent Co. residents and not the Mercer's and Koch's.
2-Find out why  sanctions haven't been implemented
3-Find new job
What's the status of the Dream Act?? #UPDATE
How long since major gun control law was passed? How many people will die on your watch before you act? Or are you ok with mass murder?
Ghoul.
Huh, 30 years. Right around Reaganomics. Is that what you're suggesting?? #voodooeconomics
That “tax relief” causes an economic recession that Bill Clinton had to fix, which was followed by the recession Bush’s tax cuts caused
Don’t do this law behind closed doors. And don’t let the rich get a $20,000 tax break.
Glad to hear that you were able to get together with others that don't work normal Colorado business hours.  
Why would you call it tax relief when it's basically slashing Medicare and Medicaid to give primarily more money to the richest 1%?
(1) this is not a town hall
(2) we need to raise taxes on the wealthy and corporations.
(3) you are a bought and paid for politician that must go in 2020
