Flat tax for singles and business, eliminate ACA taxes, eliminate the IRS, eliminate death tax. 
#TaxReform17 #FightForLiberty
Social Security is not an entitlement.  WE PAID IT and it is due back to us. SMH
Start FairTax or a flat tax. Downsize the IRS. Decrease corporate tax & abolish the overseas income tax, and Obamacare
The Animas river was poisoned but you did nothing except bow down to Obama
You're a coward supporting a man who's desecrating democracy & the country & you're helping him
Hanging out with the trader Bennet, Obamas favorite ass kisser a disgrace Corey, you are no longer one of us, 
 u are now a swamp creature
Your constituents were very unhappy with you Senator. What's your plan B when not reelected?
All you did was defend the indefensible.
The topic was when the Koch's say jump, Cory says how high. (how can we fuck the working man, and where do I pollute)
A step in the right direction, but not quite enough. Can we have town halls throughout the state? And stop arresting people for asking.
Time to repeal and replace. Spineless
Cory, sorry you did not have the courage to protect Coloradans' healthcare. You are now keeping the Senate seat warm for Gov. Hickenlooper.
Senator , please stand behind people of Colorado and defend our current health care!
Senator, so what's your take on going to war with N Korea?  Maybe it is time to talk peace instead with the N Koreans.
waiting for a real town hall…. waiting for courage… but we shouldn’t hold our collective breaths. Don’t get comfy ’20 is not far off. xo
Piss poor excuse for a "town hall" (short notice, work day, tiny venue) but you survived! That wasn't so hard, was it? Now #thistimeforreal!
Is Cory's next town hall meeting scheduled to be in Bedrock, CO or maybe Julesburg?
Just curious why Durango was chosen as the meeting point when people in Denver have been asking for one for months now.
Sad you are not coming to pueblo. A big mistake
Forced town hall so you could rail against Obama EPA. Nothing more.
You had written me previously & your staff had told me that you were not going to go along with the Trumpcare package and all it entailed.
See! That wasn't so bad. It's ok to take the training wheels off and do one by yourself! How about Denver? Or Co Springs? #realtownhall
Great idea - Open Town Hall in Denver and Springs - maybe get @Matt_Krocher or @KyleClark to MC the event - it is time for Openness!
Watched Durango Town Hall over  web and saw the follow up -it was great thanks @indivisibledgo and watched the after party! More openness!
We will all remember how you've been voting especially on our and your healthcare 
You're a farce. Looking forward to getting you out of government.
I've paid taxes all my life which paid for Medicaid but now if I loose Obamacare, had for 1 year, I'll have no healthcare. That's fair.
For Bennet... For you it was embarrassing affirmation of your failure to abide constituents. Do you have ANY self-awareness? #corythecreep
Hey everyone, the next town hall is in Bonanza CO, looking forward to hearing from the 1000 residents.

Have a real town hall #CARDBOARDCORY
Please pass Tax Reform. Stop obstructing the Trump agenda. Help the working class.
#FIGHTFORLIBERTY
Please do your job in Washington.
I am surprised Cory showed up.
When is the town hall for the Denver area ?
Cardboard Corey is back in town. Now Colo Spgs is going to march you around You have a problem when the Red Military Bulwark of CO does this
What a joke!  You actually SHOWED UP at a Town Hall?
@SenCoryGardner Was so lucky he had @SenBennetCO to protect him. Coloradans are done with senators that don't represent constituents.
Not your town hall. Little notice, far frm frnt range, protected by other politicians. Sorry but thx for playing.
We want you to work with everyone including Dems & women senators to fix the ACA. #fixACA it is that simple.
It wasn't a town hall, it was a press conference replete with others, to have a place to hide and limit time exposure to real CO voters.
Where's Cory
Want to support the wishes of Coloradans. And if you're not sure where we stand then meet with us! A year between town halls is unacceptable
Shortcomings of the ACA does not support your position. You need to work with Dems to craft fixes to failing parts of the ACA if you truly..
A promise you made 7 years ago? You need to listen to what your constituents want NOW, which is health care. Complaining about the...
Cory, it was good to see you, we were beginning to think you were a Beltway myth, kinda like Bigfoot, only shorter & more dangerous to poors
Great.  When's your next one?
That wasn't a town hall. That was a bullshit parody. Get in front of humans, Sen. Coward.
He needs civilians to tell us how wounded he is for screaming at him (Facebook). Unbelievable. Please do us all a favor and grow a spine.
Can you please get tax reform done for us fellow Coloradoans, Americans abused by you lawmakers?
It’s frightening that you seem to not understand what the problems are with healthcare in the US and can only parrot “the ACA isn’t working”
You're a coward Senator - won't face your constituents in person while claiming those trying to get your attn are Dem plants. Indep Centrist
@SenCoryGardner could learn a thing or two from @SenBennetCO on how to represent the people. You let us down with your HC vote. Shame on u
In the middle of nowhere. Yeah thanks for that. How bout next time you come to Colorado Springs?
He doesn't have the balls...
Thank you for extending the time for questions.  I hope this continues throughout the state during this recess.
Answer why we have Pakastani spy ring #AwanBrothers in congress and what you've done about it? Congress compromised?
Don't act like you did something courageous. Meeting w/ constituents and representing our interests is the job and you can't manage it
@SenBennetCO thank you for doing what you could to prevent the GOP from stripping millions of their healthcare. I appreciate you.
A couple of hours out of more than a year is not an accomplishment to be proud of #2020
I would like you to cite exactly WHAT in any repeal/ replace bill you signed would have INCREASED THE QUALITY of healthcare. I see NOTHING!!
Getting rid of any part of Obama care will be better. My rate up 400per month and will double end of yr. Just repeal no replace.
Thank you.
Way to go live senator! 
I hope it was good practice for some solo ones on the front range soon. You'd probably been getting rusty, it's been so long.
Why will you do town halls in Durango but no where near the Denver metro? I have a lot of questions I'd love to hear you struggle to answer
Can we get a real town hall on the front range? Or at least more than 24 hrs notice if there's gonna be one on the other side of the state?
Co would like a sen who doesn't hide his office in a fed build. We want a man who will meet and talk to constituents. Prefer cardboard cory
It will be so nice when you are out of office next year. Get you resume together.
Vote him O U T!
Proof u're both now part of same 60+yr #Duopoly elite corruption that purposely installed 45. No hiding anymore.
If only votes against such candidates could be cast and counted rather than turned into votes for the #PlanB candidate of the same entities.
When enough people stand together and fight for the right to cast #antivotes and have them counted as such, the people will start winning.
@SenBennetCO thank you! @SenCoryGardner when you start representing Colorado? 11/3/20
Pruitt didn't show and the questions had to be submitted beforehand.  That wasn't a town hall meeting.  It was a publicity stunt.
Who dressed you?
Corey "Thumbpockets" Gardner
He exaggerated on the $10 trillion he took it from Bernie Sanders he's learned from President Trump how to lies
Now you're back on that horse we can expect a couple more schedule soon, yes?
both politicians in same room people better have had tall boots or fishing waders. B.S.was deep
Sen Gardner is in waaayyy over his head.
You're getting there! Denver would love to see and talk with you!
Said the Senator who pretended to care about getting health care right when it came to a vote.
Did you fire your Denver staff? Phones have been unanswered/no voucemail most of the week. Why won't you listen to me as a life-long CO?
I can't help but think he's instructed his Denver, C Springs, and D.C. staffers not to pick up.
When I have been able to leave a message, I've asked for a call back to verify they listened to message. I've yet to get a call. Call me CG.
Me too, I have never received one.
"It was a pleasure to meet the one Colorado Senator who actually represents of the people of Colorado.  Time to call Trump."  ~ C.Gardner
Huh?
Cory you are without a doubt the biggest sham going in Colorado. You won by 40,000 votes. You will lose in 2020. A pathetic excuse of a man!
Baby steps. Good job, Senator.
Not a town hall
Ha Cory! You showed up in person BIG GUY 
2020
We actually SEE Mr. Bennet in town halls by himself.  WHEN are you going to stop hiding and SEE your constituents?
Not a true town hall @SenCoryGardner
Cory, your smile hides your cowardice! You are a political snake.
