My Healthcare Tax Relief Act delays the Affordable Care Act's “Health Insurance Tax” for one year. Learn more here: https://goo.gl/1YbjsP 
Start by abandoning ego based  “repeal/replace” and work 2gether w Dems/ind 2 FIX what exists
Why do u refuse to work with Dems/Ind!? If u don’t, DJT will use u all to create divisiveness ~ wise up and work 2gether. He’s a bully!
Americans support bipartisanship to fix the ACA, but as usual u are stuck on opioids and sex trafficking. Get to work with @SenSherrodBrown
You are never going to read this, but I'll say it anyway...NOW you talk healthcare? Your silence will not be forgotten or forgiven~Cowardly
We MUST help #PuertoRico & #VirginIslands #CongressActNow prove your pro-life Christian bonafides HELP THEM
Now that Graham-Cassidy is dead will you tell your constituents if you were for or against it?
His senate testimony caption was "Portman  disagrees with the experts".  The same ones that convinced real senators to do better.
Lower premiums by demanding transparency from providers and insurers, not by reducing patient access to care and coverage.
Funny how quickly you decided to publicly comment on this, when we've been asking for weeks what you thought about Graham-Cassidy.
Where's Cory
I hope you were for anything that would change our current failed healthcare system, people are ill and dying
Oh, you. Out from under the rock?
Yea right what's hidden in this one. I for one am really glad there are a few honest Republicans.
This is not what is needed. More coverage.
2018 premiums for a silver plan in Columbus will be $1,159.61 p/p not including deductibles and  co-pays same plan 2017 $770 p/p #ACA NOT!
Boo.
Why do you despise my family? We are good, hard-working people.
I can't wait until you are out of office. You don't care about Ohio. You just care about pushing the 1%
What freaking difference does this make? We need permanent affordable healthcare for working Americans.  Universal Healthcare for ALL 1yr???
Who will pay for it ?  Insurance companies, doctors, attorneys and the Federal Government have colluded to control the people.
Not sure you're who I will listen or trust regarding healthcare.
Universal HEALTHCARE Rob!
Weak...you have failed us
I sure won't trust what you say about it, since you pretended that Graham-Cassidy did not hit rock bottom on "health" and "care."
that day has come and still no healthcare. Trump can't do it by himself. Can't wait till 2018 we need changes
Sure. As you all actively participate in #ACAsabotage 
Unconscionable.
How about just repeal. No need to replace, govt doesn’t belong in healthcare. PERIOD. You can’t replace 1 bad idea with another!
Remember that time you literally were the biggest coward & refused to comment on anything of substance and/or do anything brave?? I do.
Your governor offered a bipartisan alternative & you stayed silent. Why talk now?!
Do better. Patches never hold, allows problems to grow til replacement becomes necessary. In this case it's our freedom that gets replaced
A better idea: work with Democrats to fix the ACA!
Disgusting lack of a spine. You care about party over people. What financial deal with the devil did you make to fuck over the poor & sick?
Senator, you have been given a reprieve. Fix ACA!
Ten Republicans. You don't get it, do you? We want a bipartisan fix. Work with Alexander and Murray. Tell us how Ohio will be helped.
Since the tax money collects for subsidies and premiums go to insurance companies how exactly will lowering taxes help citizens?
How do you expect to pay for things without money coming in? Did you fail all Econ classes or r u just a lapdog?
how long  we the working men and women of U.S going to suffer under failed healthcare forced on us by DEMS?
I thought you guys wanted to reduce HC costs?  Why allow Trump and GOP to take us backwards?  Also stop #ACASabotage - fund CSR #AlexanderMurray NOW.

@SenBennetCO @indivisiblefrr
If the #GrahamCassidy bill goes through, we need you to work hard for Colorado.  Lisa M gets things done for Alaska. Step up your game!
for 8 yrs I've waited and struggled for the day when Republicans could change the misery of our economy n HC
Sen.portman idc how you guys do it just plz repeal Obumacare, I need doc and so does my family n friends.
Bipartisan efforts will serve America. Get back to regular order .@senrobportman and fix the ACA.
What you are saying Senator is push a critical issue to back burner for a year, just like budget, debt ceiling etc. Cross aisle and do work
Maybe republicans shouldn't have gutted the ACA causing premiums to go up in the first place...
At this point,I'm not interested in anything you have to say. Thruout this whole healthcare debacle you chose party over country. Useless...
You could renew cost-reducing subsidies the GOP let lapse. Or stop threatening to repeal every few weeks. You know... stability.
Says the supposed deficit hawk
But your earlier vote to repeal and replace would have increased premiums!!! I don't understand.
Wow! Finally a healthcare tweet after #GrahamCasiddy is dead. Protect your constituents and not your donors.
Can't believe you.I have been calling your office for weeks. Everyone says your still reading Graham-Cassidy. Aren't you still reading this?
Hi @senrobportman! Weighing in on healthcare finally!  How about supporting bipartisan efforts?  Good for ALL Ohioans!
Weird how suddenly NOW healthcare becomes an issue to talk about after senators with more guts than you did the right thing by Ohio.
So why do you continue to support lousy bills that would raise our premiums and coarse Ohioans to lose coverage ?
Oh hey, you are capable of forming opinions on health care legislation. Weird.
At least Gardner is honest and admitted the whole thing was about placating donors: https://twitter.com/mtnmd/status/911342494620590080 …
Lower healthcare costs by going after corporate greed and #BigPharma.
You suck.
This bill is getting very nagative reviews after analysis.
@indivisibledyt Only now, when there is no healthcare vote taking place do you voice an opinion. A pitiful example of leadership!
How about preserving standardized life-saving mandates like EHB's, protections for pre-existing conditions, & no lifetime max?
How about eliminating the employer tax exclusion and use that money to subsidize individuals to offset higher premiums to reduce cost?
2 idiots that like to kill people
Raise taxes! I don't want to pay ANY premiums; I want guaranteed #healthcare for all! Prices need to go down, but for care, not insurance.
Now you say something?
When's the hearing? What's the CBO score? Or are you going to keep ignoring norms of governing?
You are a spineless jellyfish when it comes to things like healthcare, engagement with #Ohioans, returning phone calls, and leadership Rob.
How does this help middle class families who lost healthcare under Obamacare or whose premiums & deductibles = no effective healthcare?
Why not work on small pieces that can be publically leveraged for 60 votes? Such as the ACA bam on cheaper insurance? Or HSA limits?
IMPEACH NOW!
A bipartisan approach is the pragmatic effort that is needed.  Get Democrat Co-Sponsors for any bill.
Why were too chicken to take a stand on the healthcare bill?  Thank goodness for Susan Collins who has a backbone.
Hold up. U were a yes on ur government page fo #GrahamCassidy
You time would be better spent working on bipartisan solutions for your constituents suffering high premiums in the individual marketplace.
I wouldn't ! Gardner is only interested in his personal agenda. He's unresponsive to constituents. Out 4 himself. No more, no less. P.O.S!
IF they call GrAham/ Cassidy for a vote, will you be for or against?
After silence on #GrahamCassidy you feel it's appropriate to tweet about it today? Voters will NOT forget your silence!
This doesn't lower premiums. It increases profits for insurers by cutting taxes. This is dumb and makes no sense.
You are one of the worst liberal democrats in office. Only McCain ranks higher in deception and fraud. Kicking the can down the road is over
Also, you have until this weekend to pass anything by reconciliation so why are you starting now? Your efforts are cherry-picked & sporadic.
Cory Gardner should be reaching across the aisle to @SenBennetCO, Colorado's other Senator to work bi-partisan fixes for #ACA. #copolitics
Neighbors here from KS Bennett is not the guy for the job nor is most from Colorado sadly at the moment
Hmmm, from what I hear KS isn't doing so great these days.
No state with a majority of conservatives and therefore guaranteed a false sense of security left this last cycle with politicians that care
Plus there's too much carnage left to clean up from the last ten years of budget battles and partisan sabotage to even set a solid foot down
And dictated by your donors, not constituents.
Where is the bipartisan effort?
Well if you all hadn't been wasting time by trying to take our healthcare away and sabotaging the ACA maybe you'd have a solution by now
That does nothing to address health care premiums.  Support the bipartisan solution of @SenAlexander and @SenMurray .
This is America, the free enterprise system, prices are controlled by the law of supply and demand, not government interference.
When will you put #Ohio ahead of #KochBrothers ????
Please reach out across the aisle. A bipartisan approach is what is best for our Country.
BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH
I support ending your Obama care subsidies...then this will get done
where’ve you been, senator?
A single payer system would fix that issue for good.  How about you support that?
Why not make it part of the bipartisan fix to ACA?
Why don't you support removing the barrier to insuring across state lines first? Afraid it might work and take control from your gang?
You really want to align yourself with Cory Gardner? Why don’t you try a bi-partisan effort to improve healthcare? Might get you somewhere.
“Tax relief” is a giveaway to the rich and helps no one else. Support and strengthen Obamacare.
