Why don't you think about this while you're celebrating...
Rural Coloradans are screwed if #GrahamCassidy passes. Our hospitals will close and you know this.
Thank you for speaking up to protect health care for Coloradans!
VOTE NO ....gutless
WE DONT WANT PERFORMATIVE WOKENESS WE WANTYOUTOSAVE THE ACA 
This from a man who supports Trump? Look at what is going on in our country, Cory. http://www.newsweek.com/rosh-hashanah-synagogues-worship-anti-semitism-668634 …


Yeah. How about you stop supporting a Nazi and stop threatening our health and children and then take a picture of food.
People's healthcare should be your focus..not religious holidays!
The new year would be much sweeter if those of us w/ pre-existing conditions knew access to healthcare was protected. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Maybe you will man up this time?
Mazel tov!  Kill #GrahamCassidyBill !
As you harm many people with voting for donors and not your constituents... Wishing people a Happy New Year is like spitting in their faces.
WE KNOW YOU CAN HEAR US. #KillTheBill! NO TO #GrahamCassidy
I hope you are able to live this year doing everything in your power to protect the citizens of CO health so you aren't ashamed
I wonder if that Jewish community appreciates that you are voting to destroy healthcare in America because YOU put party above country.
Thanks. Now save our #healthcare so we live another year!
Vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill it's #Deathcare and #CO voters say NO! #coleg
Sen Gardner will you address this statement or not?
Flimsy at best...otherwise a non-responsive response. Political double-talk, for I haven't a solid reason whatsoever.
Publicly condone American Nazis, too, please.
Keep your Shanah Tovahs Cory. 
What moral equivalency does it require for you to wish people well then vote to take healthcare
Koch money won't save you! #one term senator
All I want for Rosh Hashanah is for you to STOP TRYING TO ROB MILLIONS OF AMERICANS OF HEALTHCARE TO PAY BACK THE KOCH BROTHERS #copolitics
Please, please say "no" to this horrific repeal bill. We are counting on you! If this passes, people will suffer.
Pre ACA days was a nightmare. My late husband was 39 when he was diagnosed with chemo resistant lymphoma, we lost almost everything.
We worked our entire life, and had to file bankruptcy due to lack of protections that the ACA now has. Not only did I lose my husband,
I was broke w/ a young son. It has taken me over 10 years to recover. We all are just one job loss, one major illness away from needing HC
If the elites want to continue to a serfdom they will suffer too. There's no future with disease and slavery. Investment in real people.
Like you care...
Pleas Vote YES on repealing Obama Care. Thanks !!
Vote no on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
The American Medical Association AGAIN says Republican repeal plan is garbage. When are you going to finally drop it? Stand for Colorado.
Thanks. Please don't take away my health care.
Hope Trump's OTHER supporters don't mind you cozying up to an inferior race. That's what you're in bed with, traitor lover.
Personally I'd rather not spend this and future years saddled by crippling medical debt. No #GrahamCassidy, apply some thought to a real fix
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy! It will kill cancer patients and others with preexisting conditions! Do no harm!
repeal Obamacare do not replace it allow the free and open market to sell insurance across state lines.  VOTE NO on replace!
Do you want my jewish grandmother to not have her Medicare? If so you are nothing but an evil man.
Psh you don't care about the jewish community, you don't care about anything unless money is involved
Vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy its bad for everyone
Hard to have a healthy New year when people don't have healthcare. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy!
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. It is not too late to do what is best for CO. -80205
Jews need healthcare too
#corythecreep hides behind religion to avoid coming clean on his corrupt vote against healthcare. CO loses $6 billion for hc. Thanks Cory!
If you vote for GOP bill it's likely you have another DeVo's size campaign contribution. Coloradans won't forget come election "tick-tock"
Super.

Do you have a statement on Graham-Cassidy?
As a Colorado Springs constituent I insist that you oppose this horrendous bill and do your Christian Duty fix HC for all Americans!
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Colorado expects better.  80863
You have no idea
You're a terrible human and you deserve to lose your position as a public representative.
@SenCoryGardner Want you to know that the Jewish New Year talks about being inscribed in the book of life. Actions are the words in it. 1/
Every deed count and every action or inaction is recorded. May you understand empathy for others. May your actions serve humanity. 2/2
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy so we don't have to see your inevitable "thoughts and prayers" for those with preexisting conditions.
Stop. You're voting for a bill that will literally kill people while supporting a rabid antisemite in the WH. Stop w the charade of caring.
vote no on graham-cassidy
Do the right thing, please vote note on this evil health care bill. don't condemn Americans to die!
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
Ppl responding to this are ignorant racist trolls. This tweet isn't about healthcare it's a New Years blessing to us in the Jewish Community
Please vote no on the healthcare bill to make it a happy and healthy year for your constituents
2020
Panderer. Jews help Jews. Tsedakah. Look it up. Try being Jewish for a change. Your inevitable vote 4 #GrahamCassidy makes you our enemy.
you could make it a great new year repeal replace pass the silencer bill lower our taxes or resign maybe someone else can do
Vote no on the GOP healthcare bill. As an independent I'm watching. This bill is complete garbage
I hope you consider Colorado when voting against Trumpcare and working to protect public lands. stop Zinke!
Do you job properly:
1. Groups opposed to #GrahamCassidy:
National Council for Behavioral Health
American Medical Association
ALS Association
You say this yet gladly support an administration that does not support the Jewish community. Just stop. #shame  #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Great, now please be responsible and vote against #GrahamCassidy.  This bill will harm millions of Americans and destroy Colorado's economy.
L'Shana Tova Tikatevu @SenCoryGardner 
Happy New Year. Cory got you LOST YOUR HEALTHCARE & WAR W/ N. KOREA
Make the New Year survivable: vote "no" on Graham-Cassidy, Senator Hypocrite.
Didn't be a DICK Cory!
Please vote NO in the latest repeal of the ACA
Thanks for speaking out on health care & letting Sen. Gardner know CO voters stand opposed to #GrahamCassidy bill!
the entire health-care industry opposes #GrahamCassidyِ. but i can smell your impending "yes" vote all the way over here.
Do you enjoy killing people in the name of the Koch brothers and your other lords
I would say L'chaim, but I guess I it's more appropriate to say L'death since you're about to kick millions off of healthcare.
That's very thoughtful, but you are a Senator. Could you also address Health Care? Where do you stand on #GrahamCassidy? @SenCoryGardner
Oy vey, the responses to this tweet are very indicative of your popularity.
Praying that you don't take away my health care
If you really want to do right for all COs vote NO on The train wreck of G-C lack of healthcare bill.
Heartened by all the Coloradans speaking out against #GrahamCassidy bill. Thanks for joining the fight!
The phrase is a "happy and HEALTHY New Year." It won't be either for this state's most vulnerable citizens if you vote yes on this bill.
Heartened by seeing Coloradans band together to defend our health care. Thank you!
Give everyone something to celebrate, vote no on the latest #Trumpcare debacle!
"Been fun ignoring my constituent's phone calls.  Can't wait to vote to take away their health care and hurt Colorado. Blessed." ~ C.Gardner
Will they have healthcare next week?
Vote no on this disastrous healthcare bill!!!
To make your good wishes to the Jewish people complete vote NO on the Gardner/Cassidy bill.
I literally do not know any Republicans and or Democrats that want the ACA repealed. They want it fixed. Graham Cassidy is a murder machine!
maybe actions not words. Condemn the leader of your party and his anti-semitism
I bet everyone would love to celebrate you saying No to Graham Cassidy!
"To date, not one major health care industry or advocacy group has expressed support for the Graham-Cassidy plan"
Cardboard Cory is going to tweet anything he can to deflect the fact he'll vote yes on the new health care bill. He doesn't care about CO!
And how are you voting on Cassidy/Graham?
Blue Cross just came out and said Graham/Cassidy will hurt people. Vote no Corey!
Sen Gardner will you address this statement or not?
If you have a modicum of decency and a spine, don’t support the bill.
Thanks for speaking out on health care & letting Sen. Gardner know CO voters stand opposed to #GrahamCassidy bill!
Blood will be on your hands if Coloradans die because of the repeal of the ACA. Please vote no. You know when your  Graham/Cassidy is bad!
In^
Putz
Please vote no!
Is your New Year gift to them to rip away their healthcare??? #SaveACA
So why do you scare the matzo out of them with your plan to remove pre-existing conditions from health insurance coverage?
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
