Secretary Tillerson: We hold #NorthKorea accountable for Otto Warmbier’s unjust imprisonment. https://go.usa.gov/xNv54 
Please answer your phones. Not one of your 9 offices did when I called yesterday (twice) nor today.
6/22: DC - straight to VM, CS: VM full, Den: busy, FtC: VM, GJ: VM full, Gre: VM full, Pue: fwd to DC, Yuma: VM. Please Senator?
6/23: DC - VM, CS: VM, Den: busy, FtC: VM, GJ: VM, Gre: VM, Pue: VM, Yuma: Fwd to DC.
6/26DC: straight to VM, CS: fwd to D.C., Den: busy, GJ: VM full, Gre: no answer, Pue: VM full, Yuma: no answer
Ft Collins: Ryan answered! Very nice guy. Unfortunately he didn't know what you were thinking either. I think he needs a townhall w/you too.
6/27 DC: Straight to VM, CS: fwd to D.C., Den: no answer, FtC: fwd to D.C., GJ: busy, Gre: no answer, Pue: fwd to D.C., Yuma: fwd to D.C.
6/28 DC: straight to VM, CS: no answer, Den: fwd to DC, GJ: no answer, Gre: no answer, Pue: fwd to DC, Yuma: no answer
But in Ft. Collins, my man Ryan answered. I'm starting to think he's the only person who actually works for you. He didn't have answers, but
How many Americans will die this year from lack of health care? Next year? The year after? Makes The GOP look like sponsors of terrorism
Then the murder of 1,000's of Black American males should lead to the designation of #jeffsessions as a radicalized sponsor of terrorism.
@StateDept Kate Law needs to pass
Taking healthcare from Coloradans will be a bigger crime!
The murder of thousands of disabled and elderly Americans will be on your conscience if you vote for this souless health care bill. #AHCA
...and interference into the USA Election process by a foreign power should be seriously considered and acted upon
So can we say you are a state sponsor of murder if you do away with the #ACA  and replace it with TrumpCare?
And trumpcare!
And how about the support for American's health? People with disabilities, low income - need an advocate. You could be that advocate. Yes?
So does that mean you're going to vote no on Trumpcare? If you vote yes, you will be killing millions of Americans.
@JChengWSJ @StateDept Should the US be held to same standards when US bombs kill innocent civilians?
So does this mean you don't support the #GOPDeathCareBill which will kill many in Colorado? Show the disabled you actual do support them 1/2
By voting against the #AHCA which will kill many! 2/2
So if you vote to strip vital healthcare from tens of millions of Americans and some of them die, can we prosecute you as a terrorist?
@StateDept then are you a state sponsor of terror too? The bill you helped write will kill a LOT more americans than NK has
And you should be included for being a co-author of the America deathcare act. You will kill more Americans than North Korea. Shameful.
I'm curious, if he was Hispanic, Black, or any other minority, would you even care?
Prevent the institutional and intentional murdering of Americans (specifically our most vulnerable) by voting no on the healthcare bill.
Isn't the "healthcare" bill you are helping with going to kill many more Americans after people lose their insurance? Just asking....
Maybe the bill--and its authors and supporters--should be classified as state sponsors of terrorism...
Seriously? How so? Do we need to get out the dictionary?
What about trump care it will Kill Americans that's different I guess
You're worried about the death of one American, and yet have no problem passively killing Americans with this new health bill. PLEASE HELPUS
#TrumpCare will toss 15 million people next year from health care. How many will die? That sounds like terrorism to me!!
Senate Republicans are paying for tax cuts for the wealthy with American lives. Vote no on shameful #WEALTHCARE bill
Looks like you got $151,850 for AHA. If you vote yes, people will die. I hope that money is worth it. You should be ashamed.
Oh cool! So what you're saying is "we should all die in a nuclear holocaust"
7 American children die each day from gun violence. On American soil. Hold Gardner responsible for their deaths.  #Shameful #coleg
Considering how many Americans will be killed by your health bill, how should we designate the Senate?
What about murdering the poor and elderly through your proposed health care bill? You should be ashamed. As a Coloradan you embarrass me.
You'll be killing Americans if you vote yes on #AHCA.
How many people will the GOP's #wealthcarebill  kill in America? Are you willing to stand up for all Americans? #coldheartedtrumpcare
Why don't you hold #PhilandoCastile's murderer Accountable? Or any number of Americans who are put down like dogs here on our own soil.
Cos they dont listen to what they are told.
What about murdering US citizens by taking away expanded Medicaid and coverage for pre-existing conditions?  Colorado Will not take this!
How is this different than the authoritarian leader Duterte you lauded? He kills people and you say yes please may I pretend ur awesome.
So when you help pass a healthcare bill that leads to the deaths of Americans, will you be branded a terrorist too?
If that is the case. I believe you too are a member of a terrorist organization.
Absolutely agree. Now, about the #AHCA...
But killing them by taking away health care is just fine with you huh?
So you must then be a terrorist since your Health Care bill will kill many Americans.  You do not represent the people of Colorado
What about a response to unnecessary violence from police toward cooperative citizens?
Does this mean we should designate the RNC as sponsors of terrorism because #Trumpcare will kill millions of Americans?#Copolitics
The murder of 23mil Americans should lead to the immediate designation of Cory Gardner as a state sponsor of terrorism.
#philandocastile was murdered by the police in Minnesota. Have you watched the video? Are you calling MN a state sponsor of terrorism? #blm
23 Million kicked off of their healthcare! The Republicans should be labelled TERRORISTS! 
@SenCoryGardner time to resign!
 #TrumpedUpCare
what about all the #Americans you're going to kill with #AHCA???
What about all of the Americans U R about to murder by taking away their healthcare? The Republicans should be designated as terrorists!
While I am horrified by what has happened 2 Otto. I do not feel that an American who went 2 a country we should not be going 2 is worth war.
Among all the foreign policy disasters happening currently, you choose to focus on N Korea. WE ARE NOT DISTRACTED. DO NOT START A WAR.
Unlike Am.Terrorism.and sponsors like the gun lobby; 33k Am citizens yearly die from gun violence. How's your NRA rating?
#Congress fight the Med.Ins. companies to lower our premiums! We DONT NEED SOCIALIST HEALTHCARE either! & We shouldn't be fined/forced 2buy
Why don't you care as much about your constituents who will die when you ruin their health care?
NK is important. But so is health care.
Can we get any info on the secret health care bill? Or do we have to be big business to be included?
You are willing to murder Americans. What does that make you. #showusthebill
If only you would speak so vehemently about your closed door health care plans Sen Cowardly Lion. Was that a meek meow I hear,not a roar?
I still believe we will at war with NK in a very short time, we can let them have the capability to nuke us!
Just please please answer to your constituents,  we just want answers from you!!! Why???
#AHCA is a killer. Colorado gets it. This thread runs 150-1 against the Senator. Hire a tweet counter, dude. Colorado hates your guts.
What about Muslim teen murdered with a baseball bat in America? ?
Nice chest thump. You've voted to install the most incompetent Cabinet who have promised to destroy the agencies the head. No DOS to help.
Tyranny, despotism, human rights violators, yes. Do you understand the definition of terrorism?
You need to read the definition of terrorism. This horrific act doesn't seem to qulsify.
No American should die by the hands of N. K. No American should die by the hands of their elected reps, because they took their health care.
1,000's are murdered,mainly women, in this country in domestic abuse cases every year. Where is your outrage over this fact? #enddv #abuse
Like Trumps friend Russia?
No good way out- what about the three Americans still there? Strong talk with no real path forward makes life worse
If only you cared half as much as you do for the citizens of Colorado.
Irony is thick in this tweet.
Americans are murdered every day by other Americans, and yet we do nothing about it. Are we a sponsor of terrorism too, you coward?
I wish you were as concerned for the millions of American lives your health care bill will affect. Why the silence? Are you proud?
Bush 43 called it an axis of evil. Does that count? #HeyNext
How many will die because their Healthcare is not affordable anymore? How much blood will be on your hands?
Con Man Cory worried about one white guy but willing to screw millions of Americans. The poor ,elderly and children will be hurt.
Agree what kind of monetary penalty will be enacted?
Yep. Also the murder of Americans in the US due to no healthcare is the same as sponsored domestic terrorism.
.@SenCoryGardner, what if you murder millions of people but it's via systemic disenfranchisement & erasure of safety/opportunity/resources?
I agree and I think you and the republican Senate will ruin healthcare with your repeal and replace ! Your new legacy !
And we hold you accountable for the dismantling of our government, you parasite
Hey Cory, how about the millions you plan on letting die with your travesty of a health bill? Hypocrite
Define terrorism, as I can't seem to find a definition that fits N. Korea. Agreed that their behavior is odious but it is not terrorism.
State sponsored terrorism? That's taking American's HC, kicking 23M off HC, raising seniors rates 5X, not covering pre- exist. cond.  SAD
with all the police violence, the usa should also be on that list, right...?
Would that mean Detroit is officially a war zone then? Because a heck of allot more than a single American was murdered there just this year
Hmm, what name would you give to a government that on purpose takes away lifesaving health care from its citizens?
Interesting stance for someone who will vote for a healthcare bill affecting millions without reading a damn word. #DoYourJob
Where's Cory
Underfunding cyber-security means Russians can hack again, and interfere with the 2018 elections to ensure Republican wins. I see your plan.
You, @GOP and trump regime should be designated state sponsored terrorists for what you're doing to Americans!!
So how should we designate republicans in the Senate when they leave millions of Americans to die by reinstating lifetime limits?
Enough about NK. More on healthcare
Nothing like a little war mongering to distract us from your party's nefarious health care schemes.
Glad to see that you are concerned about the  life of a single American.  How about the millions who will die due to no healthcare?
Hmmm. If GOP senate AHCA secret bill proves kills civilians, what should be said about GOP senators?

What about duterte murdering thousands of his people? You still want to brunch with that guy.
What about the murder of Americans by a Senate that destroys healthcare? That's not such a concern for you...
How about O'Bummer!  Why didn't he get him out? So for the shade, I voted for him.  #BigDisappointment
Is your man, Trump, gonna do that? Don't see him doing that. In fact he called Kim Jong-un "a pretty smart cookie."
And I guess selling weapons to the Saudis was just business, right? #yemen
what is duterte?
I think you & the other Repugnantcons crafting the healthcare bill behind closed doors are state-sponsored terrorists! Bring it out or stop!
Tillerson did business with Iran when they were a state sponsor of terrorism.
Coloradans deserve healthcare advocacy for everyone not a party stooge committed to serving up tax cuts to the ultra wealthy.
How many Americans are you going to kill with the health care bill YOU are writing that YOU won't let US see?  Red senator blue state.
Your healthcare bill is going to kill more Americans than NK. So we can call you a terrorist? Sounds good. #TerroristSenator
Trying to distract us with fear mongering so we won't pay attention to what your party is doing to our healthcare? We see right through you.
Will be interested in learning more about how you've worked hard to incorporate the same advocacy for American health into the AHCA.
The murder of Americans because of poor healthcare coverage should lead to the immediate designation of the GOP as a sponsor of terrorism.
2020
What about an American killing other Americans. Does that mean we should start calling white dudes with bats and guns terrorists finally?
Agree.  Also those who take healthcare from millions must be held accountable.
Please make the healthcare bill available to us. You have to be aware of how important this is to the lives of millions of Americans.
Cory...you are out of touch with reality and with your Constituents.  Stop dodging answering your phone and meet with Colorado voters.
Did you get the sympathy cards I sent? Do you only care about Americans dying when it's North Korea doing it and not Senate Republicans?
When will you hold a public hearing on your health bill? That's all we care about right now. We in Colorado want to see your bill!
How about saving the healthcare for 271k COs?  Stand up for your constituents. Stop hiding behind closed doors that doesn't help.
Oh hell no...not ONE AMERICAN MILITARY LIFE should be jeopardized for a kid who went to NK willingly AND broke their laws. NOT ONE.
That will really show them.  Way to go.
In case you hadn't noticed #PhilandoCastile was executed by a US cop on video & declared innocent. How are these different?
*& the cop was declared innocent
What about the thousands of Americans who will die as a result of the TrumpCare bill you and your fellow Republicans are crafting in secret?
He broke the law in a foreign country. Unfortunately he is subject to their punishments. It was horrible, but your gonna start a war?
Yes. Except how are you going to hold yourself accountable for kicking millions off of health insurance, affectively killing them?
