I also urged the Administration to take a determined and resolute U.S. policy toward North Korea. Read more here:
I noticed you still remain silent. How do you plan to hold the president accountable? #indivisiblecolorado
"never?"  punishment will happen even more now.
i'm sure POTUS knows what those terms are & is studiously considering the smartest and most strategically sound approach 
you failed Colorado. You need to resign. #indivisiblecolorado
Pretty tough talk from someone afraid to meet his own constituents.
Why did you need to take a dig at Obama to make your point? Oh wait, you didn't.
You also mention nothing about DJT's weak non-statement last night after Abe spoke.
If you are too afraid of your constituents to even have a town hall, you're unqualified to be commenting on North Korea.
U R represented by your congressman.Senators represent States,NOT the people.POTUS  represents States not people
Hi, Dan! Senators are Congressmen. If you mean *Representatives* they are also elected lawmakers but serve in a different capacity
no, Senators r NOT congressmen. UR direct representative in the federal govt is your CONGRESSMAN.Senators represent the States
.@SenCoryGardner or you could just check with the Mar-a-Lago waitstaff & Trump buddies posting about it on Facebook. #copolitics
if Congress does not move to investigate Trump and his henchmen now, then you are complicit in his crimes. #COWillRemember
Do you also blame Obama for your unhinged potus handing Bannon nuke codes? #DoYourJob
watching you vote this past week, yes you lost all credibility. Anything you now say is #fakenews #FakePresident  see u 2018
Don, This guy has until 2020, then hes got a Goldman Sachs lobby job after he gets voted out.
So blabbing about it over dinner at the county club is better? Trump is dangerous. Demand thorough investigation of him NOW
You want to talk foriegn policy.  Let's get serious about what's going on with the Prez and Russia.
When are you going to comment about Stephen Miller's horrifying statements on the Sunday morning news programs?
More concerned about Trump's ties...er...being blackmailed by puppet master Putin.  #FlynnInvestigation
so when are the Benghazi/email hearings on the Mir-a-Lago Breach and the Flynn-ski Treason?
sanctions rarely work! Study your history, listen to your constituents. Not on the right track! :(
How bout a statement about Russia, new regime, and their blatant interference in our Democracy?
Thank you 4 at least making a statement. Still waiting to hear from POTUS about this topic.
Do ur job and meet with ur real constituents. Til then, save your broad, meaningless statements on foreign affairs.
Just started following you to see if anyone, even on Twitter, likes you. Turns out: nope.
like you care?  Town Hall ASAP!
sounds like you and 45 need a lesson on diplomacy. Go back to Yuma.
trump is the reason we are having these issues now. We are more vulnerable w him in White House than ever.
there were no issues w n Korea w Obama.  Don't manufacture.
and why we are concerned the child running our country isn't equipped to handle these challenges
sounds like you would like another war.  The US is not the hall monitor for other countries....we have our own shit to fix.
#notmysenator
Stand up to @POTUS who is tweeting about TV, lying, and bulling this AM instead of doing his job. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
I called all of your offices again on Friday, VM full at all but 2. Do you think I'll get a call back this week?
Really? Ready to take on China? I can't wait for 2020 and seeing you scurry away.
where is your statement on NSC Director @GenFlyn & his corroboration w/ Russia  (now verified by US INTEL)?
NK is weak and small. let's focus on real threats to our education, environment, and economy first. steamroll NK later
and I urge you to resign your post and cease your constant war-mongering.
How about you come back to earth and take accountability for ignoring the voters in #Colorado
How about that town hall? We are tired of your uninspired social media posts and press releases. Show up and talk w us.
Why don't you and your Republican cronies in the Senate do something about North Korea..talks cheap, do your job!!
.@SenCoryGardner blames Obama but KR/US officials said it was a provocation and test for Trump by Un's government. 1/ #copolitics
.@SenCoryGardner in full statement wants Trump admin to "pressure" China to enforce sanctions both for DPKR and China. 2/ copolitics
Essentially Gardner wants Trump to force China into diplo with N.Kor AFTER President Jinping pressured WH on One China policy 3/ #copolitics
And @SenCoryGardner 's Obama blame is misleading since he's chair Foreign Relations subcmmt on East Asia, Pacific. And... 4/
Likely @SenCoryGardner knew NKor missile test was provocation for Trump and not a response of Obama's "strategic patience" 5/
lock step with trump you don't have your own mind
I encourage CO constituents to pursue tough measures of not re-electing u & demanding a town hall meeting (81230) DO UR JOB!
#wherescory? Is he sending out these statements from a bunker somewhere?
You've lost lot of trust in Co. Voting for DeVos & calling us paid protestors is unacceptable. You owe us meeting & apology
Not feeling it From the  the swamp Cory ,, Presidents statement is the only one that matters.. you & McCain are the problem
have your interns get you a copy of the Coloradan today. The people have a LOT to say to you in there 
where is your statement on holding a CO townhall? Or shall I assume it is simply "this page intentionally blank"
Maybe make a statement on why you refuse to have a town hall meeting with YOUR CONSTITUENTS?!?
really disappointed in how you are representing Colorado as a partisan hack. You said you'd never support Trump on 10/8/16.

"weak republicans are not standing up to the president as they should". WE WANT A TOWN HALL!
Town hall I think most of Colorado can free up their schedules!!! Can you????????
pick a venue like Mile High Stadium or the Pepsi Center. You're going to need the space.
Bellicose, belligerent, fearmongering. We don't want another war. Please listen to the people you represent.
Sen Gardner what is the date of that town hall again?  What are you doing in regards to having Trump release his taxes.
looks like your real unpaid but heavily involved Colorado residents want a town hall please give us a date
nobody really cares what you think anymore. You're a pawn and you've destroyed your credibility.
current admin shows extreme inexperience & ineptness in foreign policy I hope your "encouragement" doesn't get us killed
are you gonna have a town hall ever to talk to your constituents about this stuff or
.@SenCoryGardner We'd all like to hear more at a town hall sometime soon.
North Korea's behavior is just a Chinese negotiating tactic.
resign. You don't represent Colorado.
You owe us a town hall.
