Yeah, visit them before they're sold and despoiled. People and Colorado before your pathetic excuse for a party, please.
Yeah, hurry up before the GOP shuts the government down next week.
Too bad climate change is ruining them all. Thanks for Pruitt!
Wait a minute Cory, so which is it? You care for our public lands and the environment, or you don't? I mean you're sending me mixed signals!
While we still have them and they aren't turned into Trump hotels.
yes!  Wish they had the budget they need to maintain the infrastructure and have safe staffing levels.
I'd rather see #Trump'sTaxes!
You owe it to your constituents to hold REAL town halls. Don't hide in the virtual world! Take a note from @RepDLamborn and meet with us!
.@SenCoryGardner how about funding #NationalParks every day?
Do it now because they wont have any funding soon thanks for Cory's favorite dictator, @realDonaldTrump!!
Are you going to finally have a town hall meeting? Or are you still scared of your constituents?
He's terrified.
The irony...
Vote like you care about our environment!
Stop pretending like you give a shit about our public lands
Quick, before your party auctions them off for parts.
Haven't you and trump sold all the national parks to your cornies and corporate contributors yet?
How will we celebrate national parks week when we have none left? Protect our land , save our funding, stop cutting regulations.
Coward Cory will probably get a campaign bride to donate our Colorado lands. Hold a townhall Coward!
Hi! Registered CO voter (not paid protester). Please “celebrate” our @NatlParkService by protecting it, don’t just tweet about it. Thanks!
Before they are sold off to oil and coal producers, right Cory?
PUBLIC MEETING NOW!
You know what would get people to visit? If you held a town hall at one.
You voted to confirm national leaders who want to destroy the environment. You're part of the problem, Cory.
Better do it before you defund it right? #PartisanHack
Celebrate Cory Gardner! Defund his paycheck and his many free lunches that come along with it.
Doesn't jibe w/ that insane environment-pillager Pruitt you voted in.  Also I think any CS Chamber of Commerce meeting is better w mariachi.
Could you celebrate your constituency by visiting a town hall?
Stop trying 2 sell off our public lands 2 ur oil/gas overlords! Protect r parks! Im a registered CO voter & I look forward 2 voting u out
Protect CO environment or destroy CO economy. Stop being so shortsighted & look to alternative energy&conservation of our natural resources
Celebrate #NationalParkWeek by protecting the #EPA.
When you say "celebrate" does that mean you will not support budget cuts to organizations like the NPS?
I'd love to visit Mesa Verde but unfortunately I don't own the mineral rights there, so it seems I'm not welcome.
@SenBennetCO Gardner how about OPEN TOWN HALLS? Where are you?
Yes it will need to be a priority of mine again.  Before they are lost.  Climate change is real.  Shame on you for you EPA vote
If you're promoting our national parks...you better control that man in the White House that wants to sell them off to the highest bidder!
Says the ass kisser who has supported his puppet master's every effort to kill the environment. Hypocritical phony.
good idea!  Why don't you celebrate by protecting our public lands...?  Thanks.
you mean the parks the GOP wants to defund?  Get a soine
Protect their funding, prevent sell offs to private industry, or stop pretending to give a shit.
#WeWillReplaceYou
Does anyone that follows you on Twitter actually like you? Anyone approve of what you're doing? How in the beJesus did you even get elected?
Support funding for our National Parks, our land, air &water!
Hurry, visit before he sells our land to Exxon or Encana... all that oil's gotta get drilled! Ne'rmind the animals & ecosystem. Money>Nature
Let's build walls around our parks to protect them
If you care about #nationalparks @SenCoryGardner we expect you to start voting like it. Stand up to Trump & big oil & gas. #ActonClimate
... By de-funding them ...
Maybe you should visit one our parks that you helped defund
Celebrate #nationalparkweek by selling the land, killing the animals, poisoning the water, and polluting the skies. 

Thanks Cory! 

Jerk.
Great! 

So, you’ll vote against any bill to cut the Dept. of the Interior budget?

#parks
While you support climate change deniers. Please at least stop tweeting these hypocritical thoughts like you care. You aligned yourself ...
... on the wrong side of history and CO is watching. Be a good little GOP lap dog w. the time you have left. 2020 can't come soon enough.
How about you celebrate with a Town Hall so we can inform you on Colorado values. Never seen a Senator so scare of constituents. Out 2020.
Before you turn it into a fracking zone ?
"Celebrate Colorado's National Parks while I support cutting their funding!" - Cory "Big Oil" Gardner
What about National Monuments? They are part of the National Park System. Do you support protecting their designations? #CONationalMonument
We have great parks in CO! Please help us keep them clean and beautiful and publicly owned. Outdoor recreation is so important here.
when are we going to see you? Have you resigned yourself to the idea you won't get reflected, is that why you won't meet us?
Better do it before you and Donnie sell them out from under us Colorado citizens.
Why don't you celebrate national parks week by protecting their funding!
Enjoy them while you still have them. Right #cowardcory?
Don't forget the Colorado State Parks!
or a CITY park, like red rocks. a PERFECT site for your REAL TOWN HALL!!!
I can afford to visit national parks because DeVos removed protections for student loan borrowers. How's that $50k she gave you?
If you can afford it, what's the problem?
Are you suggesting we go see the National Parks before they get privatized& accessible only to the wealthy? You blindly support 45's agenda
The celebration will be in #2020, Senator.  And maybe tonight in Georgia.
Yes better visit them soon before they get trashed by hypocritical government employees posing as environmentalists.
Until you sell them all off to oil and gas companies?  How about you support the methane rule in the Congressional Review Act? #copolitics
If I am EPA Administrator with a dramatically expanded security staff, can they accompany me on my park visit? Asking for a friend.
If we find you hiding in one will you hold a townhall in the park? Or does big oil already got you booked?
Remember when trump cut funding to National Parks? I do & you approve everything tRump does. Maybe you should visit one of our parks.
There is no money to collect there...@SenCoryGardner only cares about rich donors that will pay his way in politcs. Let's hope he has plan B
How about you strengthen the NPS and not gut its budget?
Called your office today and your representative Tom Phelps was rude.  I'm tired of this.  Have a town hall and face us directly.
