Wrong buffalo lips. This tax plan taxes the poor more and gives breaks to the rich. Like health care, you and your donors are clueless.
Thread on tax cuts for the middle class. I'm not saying Gardner is lying but his lips are moving.
Trump plan appears to raise taxes by >$900 on married couples w/2 children in lower-middle class (~$45k in income) 1/6

Plain & simple: GOP #TaxReform  the tax rate on the wealthiest from 39.6% to 35%. But  for those working to make it to the middle class.

So if you are a giant corporation or in the top 1% - the GOP has a #TaxReform plan for you. 

If you aren’t?  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

On top of that, this would cost anywhere from 5 to 7 TRILLION dollars and they have no credible plan to pay for it.

If they don’t pay for it, they’ll balloon the deficit and debt and then try to slash #Medicare and other important programs instead.
Did you think we were just going to give up after your health care failure? Hardly. We know who you and the ones that brung you are.

The GOP tax plan contains a new loophole for real estate developers, hedge fund managers, etc to lower their taxes 
https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/5/9/15504300/trump-tax-plan-loophole-pass-through …
A Lousy Plan! "Taxpayers in the top 1% (incomes above $730,000), would receive about 50% of the total tax benefit."
You are so full of it
Don’t be a Trump puppet. You represent Colorado and we want sensible solutions. Trickle down economics doesn’t work, proven!
Are you referring to the hard working 1%??  Trickle down economics has been proven to be FALSE.
This tax plan greatly increases the national debt and disproportionately benefits the wealthy. What about that?
Cory over 400 comments in a row calling you a liar. You lied about Health Care, you lie about tax reform. You have become a corrupt person.
A 5 ft tall pile of stinking poop. Liar. Liar. Liar. I'll show you respect when you earn it. I'm not holding my breath unless I'm next to u.
Well you're a better liar than you are a Senator. That's for sure.
Why don't you actually talk to an economist, not a Sachs exec.  Look at KS.
Hope you checked in with your "leader" on how his golf game went today. Your posts are beyond sad. Coward. #DoSomethingGOP
Well, then, that obviously means you'll vote against this Trump-GOP tax plan - the middle class doesn't benefit hardly at all under the plan
Reductions in taxes to rich, creates jobs. Blah blah blah. Same old Trickle Down bullsh*t that doesn't work. @gop going for a hat trick.
I really am sick of it all maybe we should try Huckabee's plan of national Sales tax and abolish the IRS and all its rules forms and bull
Maybe cult monkeys should get a new cult daddy?

Is Huck your cult daddy?  Sad. http://fairtaxgoofy.blogspot.com/ 
Please give massive tax breaks to your donors.  It means a lot to your constituents that you keep earning their money
Not this tax reform. Sheep. No re-election.
Mr Gardner You said if you were to get my vote !!! You would fight to end illegal Immgration and Sanctuary Denver Colorado !!!? You haven't
Please do not open the Alaska Arctic national wildlife refuge to oil drilling.

Except your cuts are for big business. Trickle down has never worked
You've got to be kidding, right? ?    The tax plan helps the rich and  Trump.  Read the non-partisian reviews.  Get a grip. You are no friend  of the hard-working families.
VOODOO ECONOMICS.
Mr. Senator, accepting this proposal, from this administration is a deal with the devil.
You can't classify the wealthy as "hardworking"... it just isn't fair to the millions of people slaving their lives away for bare minimum
Please show respect for him and don't call him "Cory" like you personally know him. He has earned his Senator title.
How about insurance going up 30%. How much money will that put back in our pockets?
Stop talking nonsense! It's unbecoming.   You lobby wealthy ppl & jock the koch bro's. Shameful.  I'm 4th gen. CO = purple not H-Right!
Yes, tax code needs revamping, but not with current GOP plan to give more $$ to wealthy. Have we not yet seen that trickle-down doesnt work?
Silly man I think you miss-typed, you meant put more money in your pockets.
Let's make it happen!!
It will bankrupt the government and place the US deeper in debt to China and others. The math really isn't that hard, is it? #resign
#adiosIN18
#adiosIN20
Unbelievable. Giving more to the rich and taking away from the middle class over the long run.
Honestly, the Republican Party is a source of shame to me. I used to be one until Trump. Get him out of there
No tax reform until Trump shows is his taxes! Tax reform should not benefit the POTUS. Sunlight is the best disinfectant.
Have you read this tax plan Cory???  You will be giving tax relief to billionaires NOT working families!
You know this plan only provides tax breaks to the wealthy, while increasing taxes on the middle class. Stand up for your constituents!
Sure thing #Pinocchio. Keep spewing the BS. How stupid do u think we are?
let's jump all over Sen Gardner meanwhile Sen Bennet wants to complain about the arctic refuge stuff inside the flawed bill try again both!!
Cuting #Medicare? Is your caucus hitting off a crack pipe? Elderly Coloradans, their children & grandchildren will hate you. So, everyone.
She's worked hard all her life and still gives everything she can for her family. Cory, why do you want to kill Colorado grandmas?
#ForShame @sencorygardner: Proposal provides tax relief to richest Americans and scions, blows up deficit, and takes from poor. #copolitics
Are you consciously lying, or do you just not pay attention to the agendas your party is pushing?
UR problem Cory, is that U think the people of CO R stupid. Tx savings for the top 1% is not beneficial for most of us in CO. Reelection NO!
We're not on board with massive tax breaks for the rich while you're still trying to take away our healthcare. Greedy & corrupted @SenateGOP
You wouldn't have any idea what Coloradans want. LISTEN to people. Whenever we call/write to you about an important issue you run away.
Trickle down economics doesn’t work. CEOs will take bigger bonuses. They won’t hire more employees.
Instead of putting more $$$ in bank accounts of millionaires + billionaires, let's put THAT money in hands of poor people who will SPEND it.
Agreed. It's a pity the Republican tax plan does nothing of the sort, instead it creates vast new deficits to give money to the rich.
You know this is NOT a tax relief bill for middle class . It's  tax relief for 1% .
I sure wish the plan you support gave relief to hard working families. Did you study it at all before supporting it?
Try peppering your tweets with at least a shred of truth...
THESE hardworking families (?)
If you endorse it, it's poison.  As will your career be in 2020.
Too bad this outline doesn't do that
Nope..current tax reform bill won't do that and who is going to pay the $2.2 billon in lost revenue.
Stop lying for your side! Stand up for what is right for Colorado or your job is over and we will bring in someone who represents us.
wrong! Trickle down economics does not work. Know your history.
Um. What about the bottom rung? Even your boy Donnie has doubts. #math
GOP brags how good the economy is & how low unemployment is. Why would you cut taxes now? Too much money needed for hurricane relief& FEMA
I hope whatever you get out of misrepresenting, distorting, and lying about policies is worth it. It is costing you your soul.
This tax cut is for the elite and hurts the middle class. Say no.
The last two tax cuts triggered severe recessions.  I fear this will happen again...  and giant debt increase.
The #trickle-down sham the Donald is trying to con the nation with is an abomination. Are you his #shill? #fail #bad4colorado
HHS Secretary Price’s travel + Republican Tax proposal = bankruptcy. Great way to govern, GOP!
Then provide it. Instead of raising the lowest tax bracket, which is what you're doing now. Stop gaslighting to put $$$ in your own pockets.
Hardworking, like, millionaire families? Are we reading the same bill?
Here's a quick $400k you could get back for us RIGHT NOW. Do your job and speak up for Coloradans already. #FirePrice
Let's see the details and keep the Estate Tax. TY
well... not with what has been revealed so far from @realDonaldTrump's tax reform
Aware the largest cuts only benefit the top.01%...ie the estate tax elimination.  Removing state tax deductions = Middle class increase.
It would. Too bad that's not in this bill
I think they should keep property tax in one residence if not no real tax relief for middle class
Why can't you be honest? Trump tax plan is all bout giving the rich more money.
No... We know that does not work. It didn't work with Reagan nor Bush(s) why would it now? Dumb choices @SenCoryGardner
.@SenBennetCO does not agree...but continues to tweet about bipartisanship. #Hypocrite #COPolitics
With 80% of the proposed tax cuts going to the top 1.1%, does that satisfy your masters?  #corythecreep always good for lying.

Evidence shows that tax cuts for the rich help the rich accumulate wealth, but don’t do anything for economic growth http://brook.gs/2d4HyCW  
I don't believe a word you say.
Raise taxes on the top 10%, they can afford it. They don't create jobs, they HOARD their money!
That's true.  Too bad this bill appears to do the exact opposite.  Try being honest with us for a change
SAVE IT  YOU FAILED ON ACA   YOUR WORDS'S PROMISES AND PHONY SMILES ARE MEANINGLESS
Tax relief is good, unfortunately what's being proposed is smoke & mirrors saying middle class benefits but is really aimed at wealthy. Lies
What??? This is going to benefit the wealthy far more than anyone else. This is why people don't like republicans.
Gary Cohn suggests the wealthy won't get a tax cut (how?) and the middle class may get an increase (why?). The messaging here is terrible.
Then raise tax on wealthy and corporations while lowering the payroll tax. The current plan raises tax on poor.
Trickledown doesn't work. You're either deliberately disingenuous, or sadly ignorant of economics. Which is it?
Liar - http://preview.tinyurl.com/y9dlq7w3 
Again, Cory Gardner, looks out 4 your cronies and the people who put $$ in YOUR pockets! NOT representing constituents!

Do not pretend you’re helping the middle class, because you’re not.
Bull tax cuts to the rich GOP are all liars
Bullshit. You mean it'll put money in RICH peoples hands is what you meant to say. 

@gop voodoo economics of feeding the wealthy and starving the poor and middle class is bad policy. Has been for 45 years!
what does it really do for those that make less than $250,000 per year
I hope you can get this done, as you have been incapable of much else.
Then why 
remove personal exemptions which raises tax rates?
does small biz pay 5% MORE than big biz?
Why are the rich getting huge break?
Taxes pay for infrastructure that lower cost of living and quality of life. We will be looking at details that affect ALL American- Senator.
The trickle-down tax plan you support has been proven to never work. Nev-ah! Look it up!
This will not "jump start" the economy.  Most of the benefits will go to those who already have the means to spend.
Liar liar
From 81003 liar spineless bastard not showing up at town halls to meet constituents just another Trump ass kisser. Never get my vote.
Hardeeharharhar!
Meager cuts to "hardworking families" and huge cuts to millionaires and billionaires that add trillions to the nat debt aren't what we need.
The GOP is lying again. Tax cuts for the middle class NOT the wealthiest. Trickle down economics doesn't work 
The fact that the president is threatening people is DISGUSTING. Also, this tax cut mainly benefits the wealthiest. We see through ur 
While this kind of BS still works in the South and Midwest, you should know better than to try and shovel it to Coloradans.
I'm the single father of a disabled daughter, filing as head of household. I'm gonna get whacked. Do I not work hard enough for you?
That's not what this bill does & you know it! Work for real tax reform, not a tax cut for the wealthy!!
How does this effect those on Social Security?
How much did the Koch brothers pay you to talk about this tax plan. By the way, specifically, where are your tax returns?
This is the same BS trickle down economics George W. Bush trying to push on the country resulting in the worst economic crisis of my life.
But that is not what is happening. It's a tax cut for wealthy families. Not middle class don't lie!
2/2 you have a document it took about two hours to write with no specifics in it. Everything so far shows your blowup the deficit
1/2 Senator, there is no tax plan presented at this point. There's what you're doing now which is propaganda and selling an outline.
Wrong. As out of touch as @realDonaldTrump .
Will you publically debate in Colorado your position and this tax plan?
Well tax relief might but not trump's tax relief. His plan looks to gut deductions for the middle and upper middle class. No surprise there.
This is better watched with the sound off. You can spot the lies faster - whenever his mouth moves, he's lying.
We don't want this @SenCoryGardner
No need for snake oil this morning, had plenty over the past 30 years thank you very much.
If Cory likes the GOP's tax plan, than you know it will only helps his billionaire friends. Why do Republicans hate the poor so much?
Get him out before he kills us all!!
#douthinkeverybodystupid
Senator, same old BS. Tall on promises but short on details. Just like GOP healthcare.  Thanks for nothing!
Sorry Senator. This tax plan has that familiar stench of "trickle down." The classic GOP plan disproved by economists for three decades.
People will need the tax cuts since they'll still have to pay for #Obamacare after congress failed to repeal that trash 3 times.
Yeah, uh huh, WHICH hardworking families? The ones barely able to put food on the table despite 3 jobs, or your buddies who need a new boat?
Then offer tax relief for hardworking families instead of corporations and rich people via no inheritance tax.
Seems you are nothing but a parrot for Trump.  Whatever Trump is carping about you just repeat.   Wish you were smarter.  #2020.
What part of the Colorado economy is dying for a jump-start?
Hope you know Senator when all the comments are bad then you have something goodTax plan simple and helps middle classWhy trolls are hostile
But you're not providing tax relief to working families. Taxing retirement plans? Home interest deduction changes? No thanks.
Love the tax plan.
How are you going to pay for this?
Roy Moore blamed the Newtown killings on people having "forgotten God's law". Do you concur or disagree with his view?
too bad it's just for the rich
You are a liar. This administration which includes you, will crash. You are an immoral man with no conscience. And CO knows it.
Just like you to be vague on the actual plan a la health care. Will u b taking the same approach; behind closed doors & partisan?
Another slight of hand. Big giveaways for rich via Estate Tax + corporate pass throughs
Please get it over the finish line!
We see thru you Cory - cheerleader for Team Koch 
Just like we see Trump - cheerleader for Team Billionaires
Since when did you start caring about us in Colorado?
You are so full of shit. I can't wait to vote you out of office.
Instead you're backing a plan that screws the working class while supporting a guy in 'Bama that wants to outlaw gays and Muslims. C'mon man
I don't think anyone is buying your spin Senator. Is this the State of Cory's mind again? Perhaps join the folks u represent
With all due respect, I'll believe it when I see it. You better not vote to give the rich more tax breaks! Mark Zandi, etc. data says they made BIG gains! 81623 voter. #Colorado #coleg
I guess if it republican rich man approved your gonna vote in favor of it and we the state of Colorado will vote opposite of you.
You can't cut taxes without dealing with the debt.
You're a fool if you actually believe this, sir.
But keeping illegals lowers wages - win win for you and the Rinos!
 careful senator, your nose is growing!
$269,000,000,000.

That's how much the GOP #TaxReform plan would give billionaires like @BetsyDeVos & @RealDonaldTrump by ending estate tax.

Any justifications for dismissing the $1.5 trillion cost of the GOP tax reform plan defy both evidence and logic: http://bit.ly/2fv1fJm  
Hello - Trickle down economics does NOT work
You are so full of manure. This tax overhaul is nothing but trickle down garbage designed to benefit the richest at the expense of the rest.
Read the responses you get you crony.  Give the mid class a small break and give billions to the 1%.  People see through this crap.  You lie
Dafuq you need a tax cut? I need my taxes to pay for stuff. Just not guns, ammo, & military contracts. But jumpstart the economy it won’t
Say again... which "hardworking" families? Reaganomics was a nice idea in conception, but a failure in practice.
Roy believes homosexuality should be illegal. Muslims should not serve in Congress. Beliefs Cory now supports. Too far right for Colorado.
Roy believes Newtown was also God's plan to punish America by killing innocent children.
#conmancory has shifted to the far right. He supports Roy Moore. Roy things 9-11 was God's way of punishing America.
Trickle-down economics has never worked.  Like Clinton said, this is Trumped-Up Trickle Down Economics.
Fuck your reverse Robin Hood tax plan Corey!
bet you a thousand dollars your answer involves tax cuts to the wealthiest amongst us who have seen HUGE wage growth in the last 30 years?
Stop Lying! 
You guys and your Reganomics. Is just BullSht to give more money to the already rich. It has never helped the middle class and never will.
Bullsh-t!  What about the trillions added to the debt because the top 1% will get the biggest cuts?  Trickle down doesn’t work Spineless.
#GOP LACKS CHARACTER & INTEGRITY!Endorsing ANOTHER CRAZY BANNON candidate shows you're SUICIDAL!STUPID&UNPATRIOTIC!
Trickle down doesn't work!
Great. Problem is you're proposing more trickle down Reaganomics making the rich & corporations richer. Help working poor/middle class!
Let's start by relieving us from paying for private jets and opening Trump properties around the world. #TrumpPuppetTaxThieves #GOPenablers
I would read through the tweet responses to understand how we feel about the GOP's tax cuts/reform. Trump's tax returns?
The proposal now increases the bottom tax rate from 10% to 12%. How can anyone take you seriously?
I don't trust anyone who uses an alias, Murttgen
You say alias, I say privacy.
