#DefendDACA please tweet your status.
You really want to kick 800,000 young people out of the country? Defend DACA.
Senator, No, now is time to pass legislation for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. Just give them citizenship now!!
Now is the time to take unprecedented steps to #ImpeachTrump if you have any sense and compassion at all.
#DACA #DACAWorks
How about DACA?
Seriously?! THIS is your tweet with horrors happening right now?
WAY 2 STOP N KOREA IS 2 GET RID OF TRUMP! HIS BIG MOUTH/FINGER ON NUCLEAR BUTTON HAS ESCALATED THIS WHOLE MESS! TRUMP USA NATIONAL EMERGENCY
Wow @SenCoryGardner I don't see the love for you. Perhaps because the majority of #CO dislikes you.
Colorado can't afford to lose its 17,000 DREAMers. Ending DACA would cost the state $850 million in annual GDP. #DefendDACA
We need to get rid of them so that Americans can get jobs with a good wage
Your stance on North Korea is irresponsible, it will lead to the deaths of millions of innocent civilains. WAKE UP! before it's too late.
Can you put your statement in as a screenshot next time?
National Prayer day? I pray that your side stop driving us in a war with many many many innocent victims
I seriously feel sorry for your children!
why?
For having such a poorly informed parent! Who is driving us into a war?! Obunghole could have done more to nip NoKo in bud but didn't 
you can pray for them..for having such a poorly informed parent
You have no idea how to stop North Korea & Kim J. Un; decades of appeasement have brought the world to this point. Gen. Maddis is right.
So delighted that our one term senator has studied up on NK from his porch in Yuma. Now, please study up on how to represent CO. DACA? ACA?
BEST SOLUTION IS DUMP @realDonaldTrump & HIS BOY @SenCoryGardner!  THEY DESERVE EA OTHER! GARDNER CAMPAIGN "I'M NOT THAT KIND OF REPUBLICAN"
You don't actually trust the Great Orange Idiot to handle this, do you? You're going to get a lot of people killed, Cabbage Patch.
Their leader is a lot of things, kamikaze is not one of them. Hope you seriously know this and proceed accordingly.
Why is this the only issue you seem to care about?
Support legislation to protect DACA!  Do the right thing for Colorado kids who did nothing wrong! 80863
@SenCoryGardner should leave #NorthKorea to the experts and focus on issues that matter to #Colorado
if you really cared about abortion, you would have adopted about 7 kids.  you are just words.  like Joel Osteen
While you're at it why not take some unprecedented steps to stop @realDonaldTrump?  He's damaging the country!
What are you doing about immigration reform? The leader of your party is heartless, shameful, cruel and doesn't understand the constitution
SENATOR, what is your position on today's announcement on #DACA?
take steps to stop the commander-in-fool! Nobody to blame for N Korea  but him! Get off the idiot's roller coaster, @SenCoryGardner! #
@SenCoryGardner is not an expert on #NorthKorea.  He uses this issue to avoid working for his constituents.
Thank you. I support this.
What about DACA? Where do you stand on that issue?
He doesn't care that he breaks the law with his businesss and hotels. But these kids are the criminals?
Let's talk about BRICS
I'd rather you CARED about the DREAMERS, and stop letting @realDonaldTrump BULLY THEM OUT OF USA! #WinterIsComing2018
Where's Cory
Colorado REALLY wants to know. #SaveDACA
Don't care about NK... do care about DACA, criminal in White House, tax returns, global warming
Senator, stop your fool's game with N Korea. You and Trump are being played. Peace negotiations are the answer not threats.
It's your fault. You helped Trump get into office. What a failure.
Until you have the balls to talk to your own constituents nobody will care about your "tough stance" on NK.
Why are you concentrating on NK. Start representing #CO.
You are correct about that, now how about a stance to protect all the DACA residents in CO? Your silence and cowardice makes you complicit
Now is the time for you to commit to NOT give tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires.
Is it a coincidence that NK tested their H-bomb while the annual US military exercises were being held in SK? Maybe we should reschedule?
Cutting off trade and/or financial transactions with China is a bluff, & the whole world knows it (you'd cause an int'l. financial crisis).
Your proposals appear to be exactly the actions that motivate NK to build its nuclear arsenal - I think you've got things backwards....
Until you can articulate what it is that North Korea wants, perhaps we should stick with back channel talks?
I honestly don't know. What's his position on #DACA ?

Thank you Sen Gardner for your take on the threat friend m No Korea
Yet Trump is verbally attacking SOUTH Korea? Time to impeach, Senator.
Focus on what's happening to people of our state right now. You have not fought to protect our edu, or our healthcare. Start w #defendDACA
DIPLOMACY and removal of donald trump!!!! NOW!!!  GET with the program gardner or we are voting your ass out!
Write on.   Kit up Senator and let us know how it all works out.
I'm sure you are sticking with POTUS and his tweeting a Foriegn Policy. You are shallow in your thinking and alliance.
Sam Clovis denies climate science, promotes racist and homophobic theories and he has no background in science or agriculture. Vote NO!
In other words, your sanctions bill just made things worse & your answer is to double down until we have multi-trillion $ shooting war
Break out the sheets.
We fight for the freedom to be enslaved to dominating suffocating theories---stupidity
Time to think for yourself and what's best for people of CO not your wallet.
Cory Gardner not right for America. Not right for CO.
U should do the same with RussiaTrump...I don't want this old mad man leading us through the paths with NK...Trump is unprecedented!
I hope you'll push back loudly against @realDonaldTrump alienating our ally South Korea. Maybe he need a reminder what ALLY means.
"Unprecedented steps"   sounds like "everything is on the table".   Veiled threat not going to scare JongUn. He's got nukes now. No games.
I wish you cared about protecting the lives of your constituents by saving their healthcare as much as you care about North Korea.
Exactly. DO IT NOW. "Strike while the irons hot",
Blockades, full sanctions, embargoes & if possible shoot down their missles.
ARE WE READY?
Is a naval blockade considered an act of war?
Please discuss with economists on impact of your proposal on the US economy and other ramifications before acting.
Really?! How about a comment about DACA? Why are you are so focused on NK?
Global area wide Geothermal nuclear war? Yeah... That sound great... How about we try to NOT destroy the Earth any faster?
The only thing you need to do is support impeachment.  It will save us and the world from war and 45s ignorance.
Good luck with that. You might want to call China first. This is nothing but grandstanding.
p.s. 2020
Your thoughts suck
Thank you for showing support to protect the USA. Standing with @POTUS shows we stand together in defending our great country.
NOW is the time to STOP the LUNATIC in the WHITE HOUSE CORY!!!!!!!

The senator could reach many Coloradans by sitting for an in-depth discussion of this critical issue. You have my number. #copolitics
A hard line accomplishes nothing. Exactly what I expect from you: GOP rhetoric that only makes international tension worse.
Number of tweets about North Korea by Cory Gardner = 1,273,297
Number of tweets about Trump pardoning a civil rights violator = 0
Thanks for keeping count. I knew it was somewhere close to that.
Now is the time to support President Trump: get tax reform passes, kill collapsing obamacare, and build the wall!

@Leung1A @hwamulan

You Are Damn Right! 
It would be good coming from the UN to condemn this as well
Might be a good start.
Thank you.
Might want to talk to 45. He dithers around; one can only hope he will listen to his military advisors. Congress needs to take action
You sound "ready and willing" for war yourself. Blockade and UN expulsion? No. Get a real Secretary of State and hide Trump's nuke button.
Hey atleast you're trying Cory. Honestly I don't believe it will work though. We'll need a "Plan B". What are your thoughts on that?
Why don't you&your cohorts take unprecedented steps to end all these b/s wars, the banksters looting of our nation&the lies told all of DC.
Now is the time to work with the UN to resolve the failures of 2006, which was the time for strong action.
Would you support a bill that specifically states there must be Congressional approval before  US military forces could be used against NK?
How in the fuck did you even get on that subcommittee, dude?
Well done sir. Hopefully not too little too late. It is not just peninsula under threat but Japan and continental US and HI, AK, Guam.
I don't think that NK or anybody else could get an ICBM close to any American soil. Stop spreading fear please.
You should let someone who knows what they are doing handle this. It isn't you and certainly isn't Trump who is wanting war to distract.
Trump is mentally ill and will get us all killed because he thinks it will protect him from prosecution. U support him, U are responsible.
"Experts" like you should have spoken up when Trump pulled out of the TPP. Now we have no leverage in the region. GOP: The Party of Stupid
I wish you showed as much concern for Colorado as you do about NK. Sad!
More sanctions
Well, your President attacked our Ally south Korea. That's unprecedented. Name one expert advising that? The world is less safe with Trump.
Your statement is baseless?
We need comprehensive missile defense, including boost phase, midcourse, & terminal. Anything less is failure of the fed govt to defend USA.
Or try diplomacy. Safer and cheaper. If you have the right people.
There are no good options unless you want Seoul in ruins, and you know it.  But keep issuing strong statements to show you're on the case
He's issuing strong statements to show he's presidential.  He cares more about his long term career goals than he does about his state. Sad!
.@SenCoryGardner has presidential aspirations?   That's hilarious!
Yep.  Thus the complete disregard for constituents and focus on NK.  Are you kidding? He's the GOP golden child.
Sen Gardner How about u go serve on the front lines & then we'll c how anxious u r 2 sacrifice Americans
What you think you're gonna do? Start a war.. They are not going to de-nuclearize. Welcome to the Big Boys Club.
Today is #NationalPrayerDay....Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego came out  Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, fiery furnance! It's time.
you are not an expert in international affairs and perhaps at this time you should keep elementary opinions left on the shelf. Thanks.
Wish you cared about protecting the people in your district more. Stop vote suppression and threats to Daca and the dictator in White House
Shutting Donnie up would be more helpful than anything else.
Cory, shut up. Cut UN USAID State! Stop bill shirt. And do it.
