wanna unify us? Stop giving into the party line and represent your constituents
And I'm committed to making sure you don't get reelected.
just stop. I don't even think you're real anymore. I think you are 3 wharf rats in a suit pretending to be a person.
I would love to discuss this in person with you and other constituents. Up for it?
could you suck anymore? You are out my friend. Enjoy the paycheck while you got it.
Senator, I heard no actual policies from that speech.  Did I miss something?
So you fix by healthcare by blowing it up? Secret to farm equip sales too blowup tractors help farmers?
he and his economic advisors are cooking the books. He will destroy the economy with a deficit & don't inc military spending
oh then I have an idea! Stop ignoring and hiding from Coloradans
You're lips are turning brown.
come to Colorado (remember that state??). Let us chat about why he isn't walking the same line as his talk.
The thing is, these are all lies.  Trump spreads conspiracy theories as truth and truth as fake news. Pls provide proof.
Because he acted sane for 60 minutes??
Cory the Coward refuses to face his constituents.
This is horrific. Trump may have softened tone, his policies are antiquated. No flowery language forgives past transgresions
You saw policy in there?
GARDNER IS BLINDED BY MONEY .NUFF SAID .
I would like to implore you to live up to your words and actually WORK ON BEHALF OF COLORADOANS.  You are failing there.
Dust to dust, back to Yuma #hickenlooper4senate
what a joke!
so disappointed with your lack of outrage. You are an active participant in selling out your constituents. Redeem yourself.
actions speak far louder than words, his and yours. We will not forget. And you can be damn sure we won't forgive.
buckingfor a cabinet position?
This is nothing but platitudes, no policy
Senator. Jeff Sessions has lied to Congress & committed purgery. Should resign. This administration is completely corrupt.
one scripted speech changes nothing. When will the independent Trump Russia investigation begin?
You are standing with Trump.  We are going to vote you out. #GardnerEqualsTrump.
-(1/2) Thank you Cory. We, your constituents, expect you to support the President we elected and his administration. Now that
It was the greatest Presidential speech I've seen since President Reagan's many great speeches. Now it's time to Act!
.@RockyMtn_Okie @SenCoryGardner I'm sure you think it was.
we have an emboldened & unstable admin. right here in our nation. KEEP the EPA & the Dept. of Edu. Colorado deserves it.
You are not a senator, you are a paid corporate zealot.
One day you release statement pledging support for Trump admin. Next day you condemn racism & anti-Semitism. Which is it?
Hope you enjoy the meatloaf at the  White House today.
Not a single word about #ClimateChange. Or hate crime in KS or at Jewish cemeteries.
Actually not true--Agreed about climate change, but he did mention KS & cemeteries in the 1st few sentences of the speech.
but he lied. he said that it was damage caused by Jewish people to make him look bad.always blames others.
protect our "shared love and respect for democracy." Back Russia investigation & condemn childish attacks against media.
a majority of your constituents disagree with every major policy point the Trump admin has put forth
Please tell the president we want to see his taxes.
"Security threats" concern you? Then expect to hear you support full investigation of Trump taxes/Russia ties this morning.
RE your invitation only phone town hall this AM: Democracy is not invitation only. You work for us.  We are your boss.
Your boss invites you to have a town hall.  You know what happens when you ignore your boss....Risk losing your job.  Mmmm?
#oneterm senator. You don't listen to your constituents. Bye
"working with this Administration on behalf of Colorado"?   Oxymoron.
Do not work with Trump on this Coloradans behalf @indivisibleCO3 @9NEWS RT if you agree Colorado
call for a full investigation on Russian connections, an end to his business conflicts and a cease on attacking media or bye
He spoke of things he wanted to do but still has not been specific and the GOP will not back his hi aspirations bc not their
taking lunches from children surely helps no one succeed. Re: Devos tries tostrip federal funding from school lunch programs
nothing new said, really no plans laid out. His 1st hundred days are going by .talk talk it's all talk
Clueless idiots speaking the same language of greed and deceit
@realDonaldTrump Drain the swamp - let's watch you two get sucked down the drain together #impeachtrump #trumprussia
Headlines reflect polarization because we are a nation divided! U refusing to show at town halls = big part of problem!
So you are ok with dismantling the EPA and allowing mentally ill to buy guns? POTUS is a Trainwreck
of course you support a man who lies, misrepresents, takes credit for the work of others and  is a fear mongerer. Sad
You're gingerly dancing around the healthcare issue.   Speak up like a man, little Cory.
ON YOUR WAY TO IRRELEVANCE, TRY MEETING SOME ACTUAL VOTERS.
to work on behalf of Coloradans, don't you have to meet with us/listen to us?
how's it feel to just be just a fundraiser and a patsy for the GOP? #unpaid #constituent #protestor
adding more money to defense yet stuttering when it comes to adding money to pell grants? No wonder you're scared of us
But did you urge Trump to release his tax returns?
Thumbs down
Then you are either willfully ignorant or incapable of understanding basic concepts.
- The majority of your constituents voted against that "president," so why aren't you representing OUR interests?
You must be joking he said he was going to fix all the problems and cut taxes where is the money coming from. #Youworkforus
please define "behalf of Coloradans"? I think that means putting state above party. 11/3/20.
We're expecting YOU to keep OUR best interests, NOT Trump's, in the forefront of your thoughts and actions.  LISTEN TO US!!!
you're such a windbag
Now that you mention "emboldened regimes"...
words are wind
Yes because wanting an agency devoted to xenophobic witchhunts screams unity and democracy. Try actually LISTENING to us.
Amazing - I've not seen any of your constituents still supporting you @SenCoryGardner.  Hope you've enjoyed your 15min. You've not fooled CO
I don't care about your statement. When are you going to have a Townhall and meet us face-to-face
No CARNAGE this time, he's still the same old tRump. DJT's tax returns? Russian meddling in our election?
wow just as much doublespeak as @realDonaldTrump's speech. Why work with someone who won't listen? I won't. #Resist
I want Trump cleared of suspicion. Investigate and close. Not seeing the promised infrastructure jobs.
I've got a few foreign policy concerns too, like Russia's probable influence on this joke of an Administration.
Seriously?
you can't speak on behalf of Coloradans when you won't speak TO Coloradans
Join the con, become the carnival barker, downplay the protest, produce slick rhetoric. Brown nose much?
you are committed to a very ridiculous game of hide and seek with your constituents. #findingcory
More meaningless pablum from a man afraid to meet his constituents.
I can’t wait for the midterms so I can not vote for you again. Maybe more will join me this time.
Honestly? One of my most favorite things is not voting for him! I think it will be even better next time.
i hope so! Not enough people this time didn’t vote for him so we have to deal with his lack of constituent caring.
You know what unites people? A Town Hall, how about having one this next recess. #NotPaid 81623
,@SenCoryGardner Hey when is your next town hall?
Hey, Cory, remember when we talked at that Townhall? Oh, wait, you didn't show up! #bye2020
If you really believe in what unites us, you should have taken time to meet w your constituents during your week home.
I dream of the day when congress could actually work together on SOMETHING
during Primary, most GOP politicians stated DT was "dangerous, a fraud, a con man, ill informed" were you wrong then or now?
Colorado isn't happy with you Cory, you're a disappointment, and we won't forget
Dear Senator I am sorry that party lines Trump what is best for the nation and taking care of the needy. #votehimout
Wow.  What total horseshit.
Don't agree on foreign policy issue, DJT rhetoric inflammatory, unclear Putin, China $$. Cyber security UR area, more info
I can't wait to vote you out of office. You have no idea what CO is about
Coloradans don't want you to work with this administration.  You have no idea what unites us.
Did you happen to see the statement from Coloradans in the @denverpost on Sunday asking you to start serving the ppl of CO?
Denver Post is the same as Wa. Post ---> #FakeNews !
Holy cow! You are more out of touch than I thought!!! Thank you for clarifying how out of touch you are with CO voters!!!
you're a grade A weenie.
clean air and water.  just signed a bill opposite of that. Investigation into #Trumprussia . healthcare system is not broken
Very good speech & presentation. Credibility damaged by many "alternate facts". Sad.
Country before party!  So far, you are failing.
it's going to be so awesome to see you voted out of office for your support of this crazy and dangerous president
Heath care as much as house payment. RX cost up three times what is was. We need jobs people can live on. THANK YOU
you have violated your oath to preserve protect & defend the Constitution. You betray your Colorado constituents. #BlueState
no way your comments will match Colorado's progressive values- remember Cory HRC won Colorado, #VoteOutGOP @indivisibleDen
You pretty jazzed about the new agency for victims of crimes by immigrants? Even tho that isn't a thing, statistically?
How about addressing your constituents on the ACA?  Will you support no pre-existing conditions and no lifetime caps?  Y/N?
@we are behind you in time people will see the difference PLEASE keep doing what your doing America needs this!!
when you decide to represent you constituents and not your party let us know. #Trumprussia #TrumpTreason
NO! If you support these plans YOU DO NOT represent Colorado!!
you're drinking Trump koolaid  clearly - what will it take to see that he is a fraud - a liar
It's not what he said, it's what he didn't say. #Trumprussia #globalwarming #EPA Waiting for the fact checks. #TrumpLies
still missing in action. Is this your robot or you clone who speaks these words?
all of this is meaningless as it is based on corruption. This administration needs to be investigated. Such hypocrisy.
Fix ACA, not repeal & replace.  Ryan's plan is not building a healthcare system, it is benefiting a healthcare marketplace.
All of this means nothing if he colluded with Russia during the election. Your constituents want a special prosecutor.
Trump's speech, same old, same old.  Your response -- either blind or ignorant. Trump is undercutting American values.
As Colorado speaks, you ignore. Investigate Russian interference in the election-unless you are also in the collusion bin!
So weak. #tryharder
you're a coward and one of your staffers hung up on my aunt today
The health care system is not broken. We did not have a failed foreign policy. Anyone going to investigate Trump and Russia?
wow you really are shameless! Do you remember calling for Trump to step down, do you remember you called yourself a Dem?
I did not read when your #townhall is going to happen. I read a pile of bullshit, which is probably the same thing.
The healthcare system is not broken. I started my own business on the back of the ACA. I appreciate you showing respect.
can you please tell us how you plan to help trump pay for the great ambitions he discussed while cutting the fed and taxes?
Shared love for democracy? Trump is an authoritarian that spits I decency & the separation of powers outlined in the COTUS
No, we "were" the greatest nation, now we're a joke around the globe! And no, war is not foreign policy! Vision very 2020!!
how can you say you work on behalf of Coloradans when you won't hold a town hall and call your constituents paid protestors?
None of that matters if the earth is burning Cory! Where are the mentions of climate change?
I think he said a lot of buzz words, but failed to hear an outline of any plan let alone a plan. Do you know what a plan is?
"more unites us than divides us" says the man who won't open-mindedly listen to his constituents #PaidTweeter
Work to get us a look at his Tax RETURNS.Did you in fact just vote to NOT push for tax return disclosure? I want an answer!

you must really hate your job. No worries, we are voting you out 
I am cautious and urge you to protect our environment, civil liberties, and democracy. Don't be a Trump rubber stamp.
glad you could make it tonight; you haven't shown up much in CO to talk to your constituents. Hope you had a good seat.
Do not trust T. He does not have the good of the country or the majority of its people in his heart.
You're working with this administration for your own self gain. And it didn't take long for us to see it. It's all for Cory!
Why don't you meet with your constituents to see what they thought of the address? In person. Say a town hall.
did you catch former Kentucky Governor Steven Breshear's response? That's how the majority of YOUR state feels!
your wrong about that give these guys a chance it hasn't been that long. We are behind you!
I like the part about working for COLORADO. We'll talk tomorrow
on behalf of what Coloradans, Cory? All sixty-four of them that you spoke with in person over the last month?
@JoJoleneLive @SenCoryGardner HOW MUCH DID ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE PAY U? STOP HIM ICE RAIDS ARRESTS DEPORTATIONS WALL NOW
As your constituent, I want to see an independent commission investigate Trump's Russian ties and to reveal his tax returns.
You are not working with this administration on behalf of Coloradans. You're not even listening to us!  How would you know?
Why don't you schedule a townhall so you can hear the people of Colorado's perspective? Remember you work for us
Come back to CO and say it in person.
You're so busy working with the Administration that you forgot to work with your constituents.
Pablum
way to not call out his bullshit. His actions have said the opposite of his words.
CO didn't vote for @POTUS. Represent CO by holding him accountable... oh forget it. With you, I'm wasting my time. #fraud
Actually, only ~75K fewer voted for DT than for HRC. Surprisingly close in CO. We're purple here.
only you and your pathetic party would say trying to make allies out of former enemies is a bad idea.
You need to hear what WE want!  Starting with a town hall!!!
and he tackled that YUGE problem of trans kids not being ostracized, way to support bullying in schools - and by adults too!
the greatest thing democracy can offer us is a voice. Now hear ours and have a proper town hall.
Stop hiding behind these statements and meet with your constituents!
can you read this at a town hall?
He probably could if paid protesters would stfu long enough to allow another view to be heard
if u care about Colorado. How about not polluting are lakes and rivers?
Yuma County is PROUD of you Sen. Gardner !
I don't care what he said.  What matters is what he does and has done. #TrumpRussia investigate! Now!
Right!  Don't they keep telling us not to listen to his "words"
here's our statement on you chickening out on town halls #whereiscory
