Please listen to those who disagree with you & don't assume someone is paying them...what an insult!!
when is your meeting in Grand Junction? We want to #revoke your #CO citizenship. You are #fired!
Coward
There's a milk carton ad with your photo on it. But whew! You're alive and well'
Start looking for a new job! #DoYourJob
I didn't see where you posted your events for the time that you will be in Colorado. I'm a teacher and care about education.
only big businesses?? What about your town hall constituents?
you know there's another side of the state right #corygardner ?
Thanks for making these meetings public Mr Oneterm ... #chicken #weeny #liar
2018!
dear #OneTermGardner, did you confuse your donors for your constituents?
WHERE????
So do we have to guess where you are?  Playing hide and seek?  I know you weren't at Fort Collins town hall last night.
You are clueless.
How about holding a town hall? Or are those not the kind of Coloradans you want to meet with? #wheresmytownhall
#WheresCory? Still haven't held a town hall meeting
when and where are the town halls? Please get feedback from CO so you can represent us #ImNotPaid #NoBan #NoWall #NoRepeal
Senator, let's be honest and not partisan about it, is there even an affordable healthcare solution being offered up for CO?
Look forward instead to a new job! Your a Hippocrate! Liar! And a waste of a vote. You do not represent Colorado!
GOP voting block is making some major mistakes for constituents of Colorado & country. Sessions, DeVos, Pruitt.
.@SenCoryGardner I have been trying to ask you questions all week. Please let us unpaid Coloradan know where we can find you! #whereiscory
when have you scheduled a town hall here in Denver?  Who ARE you meeting?  Citizens like me?  NO!  Grrr!!
great! I hope to see you at the Town Hall tomorrow evening at Byers Middle School in Denver! We need to talk to you! 5:45pm
Tell us where! Tell us when! WE WILL BE THERE TO MEET WITH YOU!
if you actually gave a shit about Coloradans you'd hold a town hall.
We want a town hall meeting. What are you afraid of?
Who have you met with so far?  And WHERE.  The lights aren't even ON in your office in Greeley!
show up to a #TownHall then! #WhatAreYouAfraidOf #OneTerm #YouWorkForUs
Except you seem reluctant to hold actual town halls.
Please post your schedule, Senator. The people you are paid to represent would like to meet with you.
You're a Colorado eyesore. #resist
Right. Thats a terrible joke from a terrible senator.  Meet your constituents joke boy! #resist
You have a responsibility to meet with your constituents. Your absence has been noted. #ShowCORYtheDOOR2020

Hi @SenCoryGardner, Coloradan here. I'd love to hear more about all this. Can you tell me when I might be able to meet with you?
This is hilarious. You're alone in a bubble. You are an elitist snob. Why do you hate the people of Colorado so much?
@NotCoryGardner @indivisibleden You're a slippery little devil! Your votes for Pruitt & DeVos were despicable. I'd hide too!
.@SenCoryGardner Super slick attempt at deflecting but the meeting you need to have is with your constituents. At a town hall. #WheresCory
? Where? When?
are you sure you're in Colorado? I rarely go out without seeing my fellow Coloradans, yet you can't seem to spot any. Sad!
Why don't you check back with us, your constituency, rather than just special interests who donate loads of money to you?
what a joke! The only Coloradans you want to meet are those who agree with you. That is not representation, that is fascism!
Congratulations!  You met with Coloradans today: a tree, a building, and sunshine.  Not voters!
So you'll talk to cameras but not voters? Stop being a #Coward you made your choices we want to hear you defend them
we missed you in Colorado Springs!!

What Coloradans? Man up.
proudly swerving to avoid meeting with my own constituents.
Man, @SenCoryGardner loves him some @SenCoryGardner.
no efforts on healthcare for 8yrs, rubber stamp unqualified nominees,votes for polluting - not a fan of your performance
failed to show up for a meeting. Enjoy your last term. #coryout
you seem to meet invisible folks- let me ask you how am I supposed to believe you are for CO with votes that aren't for CO?
then meet with the public and not the ceo's of companies and "yes" men. Listen to us or your career is over sir. !!!!!!!!!!!
- only posting AFTER.  What?
.@SenCoryGardner So about those meetings with Coloradans, it was only trade groups only today?When is your timeline for your next town hall?
you made the New Yorker for being a coward! Congrats http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/a-town-hall-with-constituents-but-no-senator …
If you want to hear from us, answer your phones.
It would be great if you'd post your meeting schedule so your constituents could talk with you. #TiredOfLeavingVoicemail
how can your constituents get the chance to meet with you? Pls post townhalls and gatherings
Really- you look forward to meeting with us? First you have to tell us in advance where you'll be. Clues?
Why did you fail to show up to talk with your constituents in Fort Collins?
where are you at Cory? Scared? Sad!
I honestly can't tell anymore if @SenCoryGardner's social media manager is trolling constituents on purpose or accidentally.
@indivisibleden 2 little 2 late, Pretend Senator. Just like @realDonaldTrump we're already working on your replacements. Bye
oh my god you're doing such a bad job at your job.
WHEN'S YOUR TOWN HALL?
I would look forward to seeing you at our town hall on Friday. We will remember this in 2020. #WillCoryShow
really? because I was told by your aide that she would take my comments to you...no meeting offered.
That's some clever guerrilla outreach @SenCoryGardner or is this the new "flash mob" fad that is somehow your approach to governing?
where and when? We would like to attend.
what's your schedule this week? Let us know where we can see you! #wherescory
When will you have a town hall meeting? 2020
Have you had time to read the emails regarding Pruitt?  Please take the time to take a look at who now leads the EPA.
Hi Buddy, I can't wait to meet you! We need to have a good talk about our nations priorities. #NoBanNoWall  #EPAyes
HOLD THE PHONE! What Coloradans are you meeting with? Ones that bought your time or your actual constituents? #WheresCory
really? Are you going to explain yourself to them?
And tomorrow? Where will you be tomorrow? We would love to meet with you- a telephone 'town hall ' does not do it
Great opportunity for that: Town Hall, 5 pm at Byer Middle School Friday Feb. 24.  #WheresCory #willcoryshow
We'll start looking under rocks.
exactly...where are the updates?
you pretend to be meeting us but you're not. No town hall. You're a coward like @RepMikeCoffman run away from constituents!
glad you're doing what many of your peers are scared to. You seem like reasonable guy so it doesn't surprise me. Good luck.
When and where, please?
When are you up for reelection?
Your constituents see through this act of yours Cory. Why won't you meet with us? #whereiscory
Where are you meeting with Coloradoans? When? Scared to let us know? Scared we might show up and ask hard questions?
Seems to me all you have been doing is ducking town halls.  Cherry picking is not governing!
what is it with white males and walls? Couldn't pick a better location for your video? Colorado isn't short on scenery
When will you hold a town hall in Denver?
This is so misleading. How about telling us when and where. You are obviously avoiding your constituents.
Talking to actual voters scares you. #WhatAWuss
Please stop ducking your constituents. Schedule & announce a town hall. We have so much to talk to you about. 80234
I'm a Coloradoan! Where can we meet you?
post your schedule. Stop playing this game of hide and seek.
lol what the fuck dude. These aren't public appearances. We're not illiterates from Kentucky. Say the words "TOWN HALL".
hey, why'd you overturn the Stream Protection Rule?
Really?
when and where will you be meeting with constituents?
are you going to grow a pair and meet with people that are frustrated? Or only meet with ppl that voted for trump?
when, where did you meet with constituents? I have been waiting and watching for town halls!
I believe it's pronounced "DONORS". 11/3/20
Sorry Cory, I can't afford you.  I know Betty DeVos didn't pay that much but still outside my price range.
don't be sneaky!!!
if you care what Coloradans think, you would attend town meetings/stop ignoring ur constituents just bc they disagree w/ you
I was in Wray yesterday where several of us talked about how upset we are with you. WRAY! And I am the only non-Cory voter
Waiting for your Town Hall where everyone can come who wants to talk about what is going on.  When will you be scheduling it
why can't we find out where you will be holding your town hall meetings?  We need a schedule!
Where will you be holding a town hall?
.@SenCoryGardner and they all showed you their drivers licenses. This is your last term. #resist
why did you stumble when you said "More affordable healthcare"  ???
no meet ups?
I'll buy you a beer if you show your face in Colorado Springs...
You could have talked to many of last night in Ft Collins. How much do u really want to be a Senator in 2020?
Quit hiding from your constituents and go back to your barber, he missed a spot in the center of your obtuse head.
When and where can Western CO meet with you??
Glad to hear you are listening to your constituents, as I am one of them. I support the funding of @PPFA
hey, how about a town hall meeting?! #whereiscory
God you're awful
We missed you in Fort Collins last night.  Having Town Halls without your elected officials.  Sad.
How about the western slope?
I think he just gave you to Utah.
OMG...not Chaffetz..at least he had a town hall!
take your victories where you get them.
where is that update? It's 12:27 MT. #coryfuckinggardner
we are awaiting an update as to when/where we may meet you?Are u in Yuma? Rural CO?Impt but they aren't enough to re-elect u
the problem is you have to let people know sooner then the day off. Crazy I know.
hey cory, I looked it up. Other senators have a thing called a townhall. It's crazy, we can all go to one place.
if only there was a  way to plan an event to meet the people of Colorado. Dam. I guess you will just have to drive around.
town hall please
.@SenCoryGardner You have been invited to numerous town halls.  You haven't answered your phone in MONTHS. Where are you?
Why do we have to pay to play? When's the town hall? We are your constituents. #COpolitics #ImNotPaid
Town Hall meeting with Real Constitutents??  Where? When?  80237
Are you going to be in Fort Collins on Friday night?
when can we expect a town hall? I live in the 80504 zip code, and would like to request one. Your constituents request one.
can we find this tree cory is hiding under and force him to have a townhall
WHERE IS THE MEETING SCHEDULE? I CAN'T FIND ONE.
All well and good, but if you keep up the quisle and abet to the imbecile how can we respect your conservative cred? #MAGOO
It is past time for you to stop supporting this "paid protestor" crap & listen to the people of Colorado. You know better.
Dude you are striking out!
When will you meet with your *unpaid* constituents in Denver??? 80401 here #WhereIsCory
OOH secret meetings! Have a #TownHall and we can talk about what matters to Coloradoans
Four hours later...
did you miss the clues???
I've been checking every generic cinder block wall w/ iron gate that I can find!!
I was going to try and respond with something clever but you nailed it. I just died laughing. Thanks.
why aren't you answering calls at any offices? My business would go under if it was run like yours. Are you... avoiding us?
will you be showing up for town halls? Specifically in Fort Collins?
where Cory we will all come and join you.  Chicken you do not post these events Fake Town Halls.
I get it, you hate us. But your job is to at least pretend to listen. Don't worry, you won't have to do it much longer.
meet with Coloradons in Colorado not DC
stop hiding from the rest of us. Hold a town hall for ALL #dontbescared
where/when? Or is operating without transparency something you, the admin, and GOP are feeling proud of? We disagree
Come out come out wherever you are! Your constituents want to play! We are willing to travel anywhere. Where are you?
Is there any chance you'll be willing to make known your views in gun control especially assault weapons??

Leave him alone, he's small change, an empty suit.
dump trump.
where and when?
The rest of your constituents have real questions for you. Come talk to us! #whereiscory
Where is a list of open, public meetings all constituents are invited to participate in?
we are planning to see you Friday night at Byers middle school. #WheresCory
CORY. HAVE A TOWN HALL THAT YOU ANNOUNCE AHEAD OF TIME SO WE CAN ALL PLAN TO GOOOOOOOO.
@denverpost Really? You will update us after the fact that you have met with more business reps?#wherescory
where exactly are you meeting these people? Are they paid Coloradans? You don't seem to be meeting with the rest of us
Coooooorrrrryyyy...
we look forward to meeting with you.  Just tell us when and where you will be "up and down the Front Range". #whereiscory
I think he means he's going to talk to a couple random people on the street. Where's the townhall?
just FYI U represent more than just ur republican base & the oil/gas lobby here in CO. #votehimout #uworkforus
Hi @SenCoryGardner - what's the best way to meet with you? You are a hard guy to get in touch with!
@COSpringsCAN is hosting a town hall tonight. They'd love for you to attend.
spoke to an actual person in CG's no access to schedule. That's interesting 11/3/20
looks like NO official THs set up on ur break. Boulder & Denver constituency set up THs this Fri/Sat invited u to attend.
And you do realize that trees, fences and signs are not your constituents, right???
Running around like a 16yr old on a road trip taking selfies trying to prove to his parents that you are still in the state.
Are you going to post a schedule or what?
national security issues ? How about addressing Russian installing the current @POTUS ? We want fair elections #2.8million
oh, the irony. My guess these "Coloradans" paid to meet you. Deductive reasoning says only one of us can be bought 11/3/20
affordable healthcare ? How about supporting @PPact ? Affordable care act ? Represent us fairly, Cory. #whereiscory
Put the phone on the hook in your Denver office so we can learn where you will be meeting your constituents! #corycoward
just spoke with your staff.  FYI people, everything today is NOT open to the public.
And the staffer isn't "privey" to the Senators schedule so he doesn't know when one will be set.
Are you hosting a scavenger hunt or are you willing to disclose your actual location for a proper town hall? #whereiscory
You big chicken. Even Mitch McConnell had the actual guts to face his constituents.
where? I have a full tank of gas and the day off. #literallynotpaidtoday #11/3/20

Yo, @SenCoryGardner, you know what would help you actually meet your actual constituents?
Telling them where you're going to be and when.
@denverpost  Dear Denver Post:  Can you please find Senator Gardner for us?  And ask him why he is such a chicken shit?
You seriously want to play Where's Waldo and Wack a Mole w/ your constituents? We'll play, but you won't like the outcome.
