#FAA approves grants totaling $7.1M to improve #airport #infrastructure across #Colorado. http://bit.ly/2tVKdd0  #FAAAirportGrants  
And here's just a reminder as to how much those health insurance CEOs were paid last year… Big bucks. $$$
Hmmmm   Maybe if people took care of themselves and not partake in these insurances CEOs services, the CEOs wouldn't have huge paychecks.
Huh? Hope I'm misunderstanding your point & you don't seriously believe that as long as you "take care of yourself" you'll never get ill.
Maybe the TSA can put you through their scanner and check to see if you have a spine.
Neat.

So, you’re supporting AHCA in its current state, right? Because you co-wrote it and haven’t said otherwise?
@SenCoryGardner is actually talking about #Colorado instead of N Korea.  He wants us to think this is his achievement.  Not fooled!
Great news for Colorado would be you standing up for your constituents against the monstrosity healthcare bills the GOP is proposing.
Cory what's in the new stealth bill? #townhall to talk healthcare, before you vote! @indivisibleden @indivisiblefrr
New Trumpcare bill to be released Thu 7/13

CBO score Mon 7/17 or Tue 7/18…
Is THIS your strategy?  Very disappointing and not at all #WhatDemocracyLooksLike
So McConnell has11 days to pass this bill, and he's taking the identical approach to his last attempt. Craft in secret then force vote.
Sounds like how Dems passed obummercrap!
Wow
Be still my heart!  At first, when you said good news, I thought you were announcing your first town hall! Soon Senator. Soon. #daily.
So so news for CO if you ever stopped hiding from us. LIVE, IN PERSON town hall. We're waiting...
Stop with the attempts at distraction and address what EVERY SINGLE responder has asked about: HEALTHCARE!
Right, that's the important stuff, the stuff we care about. Knucklehead.
.
Yes it's Great  News -- do NOT cut Medicaid - do NOT  starve the ACA - make a better plan or leave it alone
Senator Gardner, you are doing great.  Please don't listen to the few trolls that continually bash you. I'm a proud Dem and you have my vote
Great news would be that you are resigning so that Colorado can be represented by a senator that stands up for his constituents.
2020
Great - now VOTE NO on the horrible Republican health care bill.  Republican party = death panel
GOP strategy, ignore all tough questions.
#TownHall
Great job TOTALLY STONEWALLING healthcare discussion w/ your constituents over the 4th of July! You're on your way to earning more $upport!
You know what would be great for Colorado? Not stealing health care from 575,000 people.
@amanda_haselden -this is the site and is active
Great, now let's talk about Health Care. American's would save $17 TRILLION by switching to #SinglePayer. WE DEMAND THAT YOU REPRESENT US.
Ok. Anything to say about the horrific senate health care bill or about Trump Jr and the Russians? Anything?
What about healthcare?  It
More great news would be a 'no' vote on the the senate healthcare bill. Would love to chat more about it with you in a town hall!
Hey Cory.  Colorado registered voter here.  Please get Obamacare repealed, or face consequences in 2020.
Gardner = bad news for Colorado. We pay you to represent our interests, why do you insist on not doing so? Choose people over party.
It is amazing. That @SenCoryGardner dances around the biggest piece of legislation with Great News. Not until meeting w/us, it isn't.
Do they get healthcare ?
Cory why won't u listen to your constituents, or are you all koched up....
What? Did you resign??
It's pretty clear we don't like your work on the AHCA. Swallow your pride and do something decent for your constituents. Just talk to us!
Do not allow insurance companies to sell worthless coverage! People will die- it's immoral
The only good news you can bring Colorado is your resignation.
When is the health care townhall?  Why are you not working for us??
Cory - stop hiding! You are on the elite #BCRA committee of McConnell's. What's up? @indivisibleden @denverpost
 Senate plans to release revised health care bill Thursday https://www.axios.com/senate-to-release-revised-health-care-bill-thursday-2456870385.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=twsocialshare&utm_campaign=organic …
seems everyone wants to help CO but you...
#DoYourJob and get us some #SinglePayer or get replaced
Are you going to vote No on Trumpcare?  That would be good news!
We like #FAA.  But we like our sovereignty even more.. Please talk to us about #TrumpRussiaCollusion @denverpost
Trump continues to take the Republican Party to new lows. Their new ethic: it is perfectly ok to seek campaign oppo from a foreign adversary
You're resigning? That is great news!
Coward Cory still hiding behind Tweets and Facebook post. So what should Colorado constituents call his gang of enabling minons?
That is good news. Better news would be hearing you say you will vote against Trumpcare tosave millions of Americans from losing healthcare.
Too afraid to attend private GOP mtg in Steamboat #1TermSenator
#savethe200th
Fix the ACA. That is the only option that makes sense. Trump care is a dumpster fire and you know it.
Do you have any great news about your healthcare vote?
Hell No to Repeal or replace the ACA.  Fix it. Also cut your healthcare in half see how that works for you Sure y'all will vote in a raise
Grow a pair and tell us what you think of the Healthcare Bill.  Any Town Hall meetings over the July 4 Recess?  Oh Hell NO.  Disgrace
Will they provide health care to people that you are taking it away from?
You can't enjoy the magnificent Denver airport if you're dead from a preventable disease, Cory. #SaveTheACA #HealthcareIsARight
Have a town hall! Your constituents are desperate to be heard and you keep having private meetings.
Infrastructure is good but Health Care is essential!  Stabilize the marketplace, keep Essential Health Benefits, NO to repeal & replace.
Town Hall? Responses to questions? Healthcare? Anything? Which side of history do you want to be on? #Healthcare #doyourjob
Back to it Cory! Where are you on Senate healthcare bill you helped draft but don't know if you support? Yes? No?  Get a spine #waffleking
Let's see your tax returns Cory
"Gardner loses Senate seat" would be even better new for Colorado. "Gardner resigns" works too. #notrumpcare
You know what else would be great for Colorado? Healthcare!!!! Vote no on trumpcare!
This is not our first concern, not even close.  We. Care. About. Healthcare. Number 1.
That is great news; we also await better news about you coming to sense on these draconian healthcare bills. Left u another voicemail today.
Your continued refusal to acknowledge the anger, fear, and disgust surrounding the healthcare bill is offensive and disrespectful.
Repeal Obamacare it its costing me in higher premiums every year.  Get your head in the game.
"Lawmakers who care abt #Healthcare shld know tinkering round edges won't make #BCRA any less dreadful" #VoteNoBCRA
I nominate you to be the first senator to donate his money he made lobbying to charity!
Speaking of news… How much money did you make Lobbying  for insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies? What are you gonna do with it?
EVERY reply here decries your support of AHCA. Your constituents couldn't be more clear. You must vote NO or defend your yes in a townhall.
Townhall? Healthcare? Anything?
Still waiting for a town meeting. And when will you stand up for our healthcare instead of wealth care?
Why are you not telling your constituents how you plan on voting on the GOP healthcare bill? What are you trying to hide?
Do you care more about airports than people's health and lives?!
GREAT news for Colorado would be if it's residents were able to meet with their Senator (hint: YOU) at at IN PERSON town hall. Super Great!!
You are useless. 1,212 Days til we can vote you out in 2020!
In other news: you enjoy having protestors arrested in your offices because they want to talk to you about #healthcare. Shame on you
Good news now put your country before your party and vote against trump/wealth care.
For a minute I thought you announced your resignation.  My dreams were dashed.  It is only help for the airports.  Go home @SenCoryGardner
Pass healthcare reform and tax cuts. Support our President
That is Great!
Great news-No evidence of individual market collapsing.Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://kff.org/health-reform/ …
Even better news would be your opposition to the healthcare repeal.
That's nice.  What about our healthcare?
For a second I thought you resigned #wishfulthinking #MAGA #TrumpPuppet
What would be great news for Colorado is if you said no to brca. And held a town hall to explain why you voted for Pruitt and devos.
Can the grant be used to fund our medicaid losses, for about a day, once you've gutted the medicaid and thrown thousands off insurance?
Why do you even bother Tweeting or having a phone number at all
Please vote NO on healthcare
I wonder what it's like to pretend to be this obtuse when thousands are begging you to vote no on the senate healthcare bill. Shame on you.
At this point you are worse than tr*mp. You have the power to stop this, but you just keep enabling.
Great news for Colorado is that you actually listen to us. #unpaid. 80517.
So... how long are you going to pretend health care isn't an issue. Are you dodging it until 2020?
Neat. How abt some facetime w/real CO constituents that pay your salary. Would 2 hear parts of #BCRA U wrote & WHY. Not 2 late 2 be a man.
Hey did you by stock in united health care like your GOP buddies
What is your position on health care?  Are you afraid to let the voters know? Are you a coward? VOTE NO!!
How much of this $7.1m is offset by Trump's proposed cut of $175m PER YEAR for rural airport funding?
Yes $7 million is great news.  BCRA would cost over $900 million per year in Medicaid cuts.  What is your position?
Vote NO on healthcare bill!
Nice but don't take our healthcare away!
What did you have to sell out for that besides helping to write that heartless,horrendous tax care bill country over party comrade
Get Obamacare repealed.
you're stepping down?
My fave thing to do is click on Gardner non sequitur tweets & read comebacks and "like" them. Coloradans good even if Gardner not so hot
Great, but what about affordable quality healthcare for all?
Lovely, but hard to fly if you are sick, bankrupt, or dead. I wonder what I could possibly be alluding to?
This means NOTHING to your constituents until you speak out against the atrocious GOP healthcare bill. Vote no or #seeya!
Can you tell it to us in a TOWN HALL?
And ur role  in this AIP grant approval? Zero.  Where is the infrastructure bill?  We need to discuss at your next townhall!

GOP senators should be concerned. The health care bill would eliminate coverage for millions of their constituents http://nyti.ms/2tGkDWn  
540,000 people with out insurance to pretend to fix #aca you broke?
You sir are a coward.  Meet with your constituents. Vote no on this tax break masquerading as health care.
Town Hall Cory! You work for us, do your damn job!
The really great news is that you are serving your last term. See you Cory
vote no on Trump care and meet with your constituents, yellow-belly.
Another nothing post, every single one is like flipping off your constituents and telling them they don't matter in a contemptible way.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
Cory Ioves to tweet but is too weak to meet with the people he represents. We have ?'s about healthcare and educations. Soft Cory is weak.
.Sir, I went back a month & couldnt find a single mention of healthcare on your TL. Why won't u speak out? Avoiding issue isn't leadership.
Thank you. Can you also vote against your healthcare bill? That be even better news.
Does this reduce my expected 800% premium increase on your stupid health care plan?

#25thAmendmentNow
alternative tweet i’d like to see:
“Great news for Colorado — I’m going to meet in person with my constituents and listen to their voices.”
So you're having a hard time at your town halls? Is it your constituents complaining or the Democrats? Who will vote for you... maybe.
Vote NO on TrumpCare! CBO says 200,000 people will DIE on that plan with 22M losing healthcare. This is a KILLER bill!
That's great, Cory! But maybe you should address a few things Coloradans actually care about! Get you lobbyist gig lined up.
Why don't you improve our health care situation and vote NO to the garbage plan that McConnell has concocted.
