Huh.
Your staff told me you were reviewing the BCRA. 
Taking a break for some family time? That's nice.
But let's drop the charade....
You already know what's in the BCRA.
Your rich conservative donors knew exactly what they were getting when they bought you.
And boy howdy are you delivering!
Lining their pockets. Delivering tax breaks.
In complete lockstep with party and Trump.
You believe the rich deserve their fortune, and the vulnerable your scorn. So you ignore and even arrest people advocating for mercy.
But beware: your run won't last.
Look at your numbers.
You're faltering.
Because Love > Hate.
And love is going to win this.
@indivisiblefrr
It's a tacky move to deflect how much Colorado hates you by showing is pics of your kids.
Where's Cory
Colorado agriculture is important. BUT, can we get a healthcare town hall please?? I there are a lot of Coloradans that need your ear.
Bought and paid for by the Koch Bros and family council.
You disgust me!

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
Is this where you're having your town meeting?
Thatcher & Caitlyn will be SO proud of your record as an incredibly transparent senator. You've really listened, thanks! (Sarcasm added)
Gardner=Trump
Why aren't you talking with your constituents?
@SenCoryGardner do the right thing. Health care is for everyone. Listen to your Colorado residents! #SaveMedicaid #TownHall
Please vote NO on this health care bill.  BAD for Colorado and bad for USA.
My imagination, or do you post, write and talk about every issue EXCEPT healthcare?? You seem oblivious to our concerns.
So true! He's an idiot! Can't wait til he's gone!
You need to hold town halls on your lack of health care bill!! You're a coward & an embarrassment to Coloradians! You are OUT 2018
Did you lock those kids in a hot room too?
And what is your stand on healthcare? And for Colorado's public??  I keep asking and no response.
Come on Senator, you can do better than this. Reminiscent of Nero fiddeling as Rome burned. This distraction  is fooling no one. 80917.
Theory: @SenCoryGardner is living in the alternate reality in which Clinton won, politics is boring, and the govt. isn’t trying to kill us.
At the Peach Shack in Palisade to discuss #Ag with our Western Slope farmers. Thatcher and Caitlyn enjoyed the visit too! 
He's Cory GardenGnome, traveling the world and sending postcards with clues to his locations just like the travelocity gnome, playing w us
I can't decide whether to  this for Colorado  or give a reply because we NEED a senator to protect healthcare & you dont give a damn
Jesus, did he name his kid after Margaret Thatcher?
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.
6:35 pm 7/5/17
Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.
6:35 pm 7/5/17
#Indivisibleden
#ADAPT
So you are comfortable eating peaches on our dime but can't meet in person with constituents. Big movement to get rid of you.
our lil' #jrSen taking on the big issues of the day in #colorado! #cronyCapitalism  #illigitimateAdministration  #fauxNews #hypocrisy #gop
Glad u r meeting with constituents. Ridiculous you did not attend the 4th festivities. U represent CO so meeting w/Coloradans is essential
Maybe these kids can sit in for you at a town hall.
Why didn't you bring your kids and your dog and pony show to El Paso county? Because you know what we want to talk to you about. Gutless.
Cute kids but your voting constituents need you to protect our healthcare. Meet with adults who have questions & vested interest
Hiding on a peach farm.   Points for dodging constituents in a novel way.
Wow. Senator Gardner, you and your social administrator are sure tone deaf and blind to the concerns of your constituents.
Please schedule a town hall in Eagle County to discuss healthcare.
Dear lord, every. Single. Comment. Is about healthcare.
Concerned about the drastic cuts to opioid treatment. New additions still aren't enough and Colorado does not want to see crime go up!! 
Please let us know when the healthcare town-hall meeting will be.
Good of you to alert us about where you WERE. Next time give us a heads up about where you're GOING TO BE. We'd like to chat about #BCRA.
They are precious. Bring them to a town hall mtg. We promise we will behave. #whereiscory?
You still have a few days before you have to hear back to D.C., how about a few town halls to  fill in the time? #80138
Did they ask you why you want to take Medicaid away from millions of children?
What about talking about healthcare with your constituents.  Is it that much of a shit show you're scared to talk about it?
I'm sure glad that your kids can eat peaches while you work so hard to take healthcare away from your constituents!
Um, that's 2 kids. What about a town halls the other millions of us can attend?
why can't you respond to anyone else?
nice your kids get peaches. why do you hide from everyone else? children who will die without medicaid would like a palisade peach too
#hidinginapeachorchard
You know what, at least it's Colorado. That's a good step forward sir, now keep going. #TownHallsNow #Daily.
Western slope peaches are the best!
Hope they aren't sprayed with those nasty pesticides the GOP doesn't want to regulate.
What about a town hall with your constituents? We have been asking for one.
Good to see you at the parade - look forward to seeing you at the next live town hall #keepACA
There is an elephant in the room.. HEALTHCARE Senator- don't follow - lead - no to trumpcare!  Keep ACA for CO kids
They can grow all the peaches they want,but when we die because of no healthcare they will rot on the tree, like your political career.
Your lack of comment on healthcare bill is implied consent...a "yes" vote. Straddling the fence will get you defeated in 2020. From 80127.
Cory is harder to find than Waldo!
Senator, at the Peach Shack, bet no talk about that awesome GOP healthcare bill of yours. Why?  Or are you now against it?
Cute kids.  Great peaches.  Ag is important.  BUT RIGHT NOW WE HAVE OTHER CONCERNS! #healthcare #HealthcareBill #whereiscory
How about putting your kids on the healthcare you're proposing to the rest of us? And yourself, too? Please listen to those you represent.
Discussing #Ag is much less threatening than facing your constituents!
Coward! #OneTermSenator
"How's dem peaches coming along?" 
"Good - How's our healthcare prospects?" 
(Sound of fleeing trump toadie...)
That's great! Now can we talk about health care? Please seek input from women, folks with disabilities, and rural doctors.
Why not meet with women, the elderly and others who will be losing  healthcare after your horrible Trumpcare bill? #trumpcarekills
Did you show them the chart showing the Western slope would see the biggest premium increases under your new health plan?  What'd they say?
Which one?! Peach season isn't until August.
We that ACTUALLY voted for Cory did so to repeal Obummer Care!
2020

Remember when @SenBennetCO held a town hall there in March.  You know you can do that too.
Your children are adorable. Now do your job. #publicserviceaintforsissies
Hey, are you taking their health insurance away also. Have a townhall, see what the rest of us think about taking away our healthcare.
Your Pueblo ofc says you're still "reviewing" the healthcare bill, haven't decided how you'll vote & have no town halls scheduled. Wtf.
Impressed that they even spoke with you about it!
I don't need to see cute pics of ur kids while my child's life hangs in the balance of policies u won't even discuss! I need you to step up
Looks like your approval ratings are right down there with the orange man baby you love to blindly follow
I'm continually disappointed that u are avoiding the people who you work for, who gave you your job, who count on you to represent us. Shame
Too bad you're hiding from your front range constituents #PruneTheGardner #2020vision #Resistance #coryTheCoward
Seriously, if you don't have the cojones to address what we're all asking about, we will replace you so fast you won't know what happened.
What about healthcare? We all ask, and you don't have much to say. You won't meet with us or hold a town hall. We're screwed, aren't we?
What, no discussion of the disastrous effect your health plan will have on premiums, Medicaid, and rural hospitals?
Yep. Eat a peach is right. 
When you get back, can we talk???
Come talk with us in Denver!!! We've been waiting for you and we're not going away.
It is quite apparent that he believes he only represents rural areas and The Koch Brothers.
Your latest poll numbers. Guessing Thatcher and Caitlyn won't be too impressed with these peaches:
Do they get to discuss healthcare with you at all? What about the rest of us?
Are you in Palisade? Many of your Grand Valley constituents would drop everything they are doing RIGHT NOW to talk health care.
I'm sure your Grand Junction office has all of our phone numbers as we have been calling every day and talking to your nice aides.
Hi Senator - come on over to Edwards - let's have a town meeting !! 81632
Did you let them know that their rural medical facilities will be gone thanks to your Insurance Welfare bill? Speak up. Own your work!
Any lobbyists here?  The Koch brothers?  Is your office still ignoring calls from your constituents.....
Why don't you talk about this? http://foodbabe.com/2016/11/15/monsanto …
Come to Denver and discuss how you will NOT vote for your party's mess of a HC bill.
Did they ask you about your heartless Healthcare bill? We'd like to talk to you too.
No lifetime limits.
I know! Use the kids for a shield! No one will be able to ask about defunding Medicaid if I post pics of my kids.
Cute kids. I am worried about the future for mine and wish you would too. So far you just bring disappointment and disgust. No on brca
Didn't make it to the rally for health care today? At YOUR OFFICE
No monies
Did you tell them they will be losing healthcare, hospitals and doctors? Western Colorado folks are not stupid and they will know the truth.
It's #PalisadePeach season already??  Finally, none of those inferior Georgia peaches taking up room in the produce section!
Are you holding a town hall tonight?
How about a town hall in Denver? And make sure to vote "no" on the mean health care bill so our disabled and seniors aren't homeless! 80112
I'm a constituent in 80211. We have been asking for a town hall to discuss healthcare. AG is good but healthcare is too.
Are you holding a town hall in the orchard? I would meet with you if you would let us know where you're going to be
And what about their health care? If parents' employers drop ins w/out mandate? Grandparents in nursing home need Medicaid? #ProtectOurCare
Agriculture is important to Colorado, but right now you need to hear what your constiuents have to say about health.
#WeWillReplaceYou
Did Thatcher and Caitlyn have any thoughts on you avoiding meeting your constituents regarding Trumpcare?
How about discussing the hospitals that will close there if you vote for Trumpcare?  Vote NO
Make America Farm again...farming is a lot less hard on humans than mining coal. Everyone needs food. Help out small farmers through regs.
Too bad a peach stand isn't a town hall you weasel.
I can't believe you still won't talk about your position on Trumpcare.  Say Something!  This is disgraceful!
#Ag is vital to #Colorado.  So is health care. Please do not support the current GOP health terror bills.  Let's work together;improve ACA
I'm a farmer, @SenCoryGardner. I reimburse my employees for 100% of their med expenses. Trump HC reform looks like an expensive disaster!
Wow...So many Ill-informed people here... I hate O-care and look forward to the GOP plan. Medicaid is not getting cut.
Seriously, you could take time to meet with us! If it's about the money at this point we might just pool enough to get your ear!
Sorry Rob- I'm pissed that he's getting paid by the taxpayers but ignores 96% of them. He's not getting another dime from me.
We're all angry. Of course my comment was tongue in cheek, we can never compete with Koch money which he would sell those kids of his for!
Looks like a lovely place to cower in fear of facing your constituents.
Did I miss your town hall? 
We appreciate your visit. Ag is an important topic, but it seems like a town hall to discuss health care would be more important right now.
When will you visit Denver, Boulder, Co Springs, Pueblo? We could discuss #healthcare and why U want to take it from Coloradans. #copolitics
Say something about how you're not going to vote for any healthcare bill that cuts Medicaid. How do ya like *them* peaches?
So far, 100% of the replies are about healthcare. Do you see a trend here? Start answering your constituents now!
Hey! Social media intern! Isn't part of your job actually reading the responses to these maddening tweets? Because... maybe... do that?
Willy hears you. Willy just don't care.
So can we meet you for a town hall and talk about how robbing health care for over 500k Coloradans is BAD?
that's great. you still undecided on the fraudulent healthcare bill you penned in private? you could hold a public town hall for feedback
I see neither a town nor a hall.  But some cute & healthy kids - listen to your constituents so we can ensure all our kids have that chance!
The metro area would like some of your time too!  What do we need to do to make that happen @SenCoryGardner ???!!
The premium for a 60 yo in Mesa County CO will go up $3,230/yr under the plan you helped author. 
http://dpo.st/2rVyTJa 
No peaches there.
Please tell us when you will hold a town hall to explain the drastic cuts to Medicaid in the Sen. healthcare bill. (That @RepTipton denies.)
Palisade is nice. Have you planned meetings across the state with your constituents? There is an issue they want to discuss with you.
Bet he wants to sneak back to DC via SLC airport, look for him in disguise
One of the funnier video clips I have ever seen!
Just hold a freaking Town Hall already
You should be discussing #healthcare that you are taking away from millions
How's your taxpayer-funded healthcare, Cory?  While you're enjoying the welfare, why don't you try meeting with the people who pay for it?
Can you make time for Western Slope folks to talk about Trumpcare, since we in the metro area are too scary?
Aw. So cute. Do they have health care?  Do those farmers? Do they understand ACA IS OCare?
Im waiting on a lung transplant. Can you tell me to my face why I should die after working full-time for 40 years?
Do Thatcher and Caitlyn know you are willing to allow ppl to die for political clout and campaign donations? Hold a town hall!
When are you going to discuss healthcare with your constituents? We've been asking for a town hall for quite some time now. Please speak!
Thanks for meeting with the Kids at the Peach  Shack.  But not with your constituents or the Disabled at your office.   Disgrace  #2020
Are you and your staff calling this a town hall?
Hmmm #healthcare takes center stage you helped write this abomination of a bill get a clue or you will be voted out
Thank you for visiting Palisade. Your constituents in the Grand Valley would still love an opportunity to speak with you at a town hall.
Stay there; can meet you. Hold a town hall and we can talk about how people will have to choose between food & healthcare because of cuts.
Hold a damn townhall, coward.
While you're out there would you mind meeting with my mother who will lose her health insurance if you vote for the Senate health care bill?
I wonder how those small business and peach farmers will fair when your plan takes their healthcare from them? #VoteNoBCRA
Does this help the poor people in my neighborhood keep their Medicaid coverage?
How much did they have to donate to get your ear?
