Please keep Seniors and Special Education students and adults free from healthcare cuts. They need Affordable Healthcare  please !!!
Everyone needs healthcare! Life is a right not a privilege for rich white men. #NoBRCA
I agree 100%!! Comes under our right for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Why do you not talk to Doctors, Nurses, Aids, Caregivers and Patients in CO about healthcare? You are not representing CO
As one elected midterm you still should rep all Coloradans, not just who think like you or your benefactors. Stand up in courage. NO to AHCA
Great. When are you going to hold an IN PERSON town hall so you can hear what Coloradans think? Remember us? Your employers!
Heres a way to show non partisanship...vote no on #trumpCARE #repubcare.  It will kill Coloradoans & Americans.....#2018
So, summer break.  Are you going to meet with some of your bi-partisan voters this time - or go visit a murderous dictator again??  Coffee?
How about stop rushing #AHCA to a vote, and listen to what Coloradans think of the bill?  I don't like it much.
How about you demanding a bipartisan healthcare talk instead of supporting the wealth care bill and hiding from CO
You own this and we will not forget it.
Cowards don't talk to their constituents
Has he ever voted policy over party?  I don't think he has ever voted against the republicans. He ignores his constituents
He votes with Trump over 95% of the time. Follow his appalling record here:
So bipartisanship is why 13 White male Republicans went behind closed doors to gut the #ACA #healthcare vs #Wealthcare 
We're not stupid!
Now following @Leitzel4CO - pay attention @SenCoryGardner - the #ACA is good, it can be fixed. Don't support this ridiculous #AHCA.
Bi partisan?  You mean like public hearing and debate on a bill that will kill?  That bipartosanship? #BCRA isn't prolife
Cory have you even read the #TrumpedUpCare tax cut bill that you "helped" write?

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
Senator, show some independence and leadership by NOT being a mindless lemming going over the cliff.  Reach out to Democrats and fix the ACA
You're about to kick 23 million people into the curb, and you want to talk bipartisanship? How stupid do you think we are?
How about using bipartisanship to fix the #ACA for your people, not replace with the cruel #BCRA to appease donors and party? #NoBCRA
Bipartisan? You vote with Trump over 95% of the time. Liar!
Great! We're getting advice from one of the most corrosive people in politics.
Please extend your support for bipartisan cooperation to working across the aisle in Congress. Your Majldr McConnell needs to step down.

Watch and RT: people w/ disabilities protesting in @SenCoryGardner's office being dragged to jail: https://www.facebook.com/CarrieAnnLucasPersonal/videos/10212361209121553/ … #GOPhealthcare
We want a #FullRepeal of Obamacare.

The American Medical Association, the group representing doctors and med students, came out against the Senate bill. https://www.axios.com/largest-doctor-group-opposes-senate-health-bill-2448599849.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=textshort&utm_term=healthcare …
Sen. Gardner: Please consider your conversation about bipartisanship when you cast your vote for the ACHA. Vote No
What about you? Are you even listening to us? You have taken a very partisan path.
Healthcare is a commodity--
Free market creates competition and organically brings down cost. 
#FulRepeal
#UnitedForFreedom
NO trumpcare or Obamacare!  FREE market insurance ONLY! UnitedforFreedom!
Talk about Tort Reform. Common sense legislation 2 drive costs down. Free Markets. NO mandates. No more gov't overreach! #FullRepeal of ACA!
Please take that bipartisan energy & vote NO on the health care bill & reach out to @SenBennetCO for compromise! Colorado deserves better!
Then don't vote yes on a @GOP health bill than all Democrats and most of the nation hates
Please sen Gardner, vote no on trumpcare.  Colorado deserves better.
@SenCoryGardner Bipartisanship means including women/Dems/open hearings for healthcare debate which impacts 1/6 economy #NoBCRA #NoAHCA
.@SenCoryGardner if #BCRA #AHCA become law, what is your bipartisan plan for 61% of CO nursing home residents who rely on #Medicaid?
I promise you...I look forward to canvassing Colorado against you-I never voted for you and I will make sure those that did- dont next time
Hahahahaha

If Luntz is the republican talking about Bipartisanship who was on the other side for a truly bipartisan conversation?
Thank you @SenBennetCO for saying no to #wealthcare. @SenCoryGardner stand up for CO, your constituents are watching and waiting for 2020
Fine for parties to have their own agenda, but compromise is helpful to get anything done.  Today's prob is rampant hate and obstruction.
@realdonaldtrump Vote NO on Trumpcare which is not a healthcare plan but IS a tax cut for the wealthy
That's nice Senator, but I'm worried about my health care.
Does bipartisanship include drafting legislation behind closed doors?
Would be nice if you listened to us. But something tells me you'll at least pretend to pay attention in 2019. But piss off anyway.
A vote for the #AHCA is a vote against Carter for our nation's #veterans.
Please vote no on Trumpcare. People's lives and care should not be sacrificed for the rich. PLEASE do the right thing.
@SenCoryGardner we will never forget how you chose $ over your constituents. Again.
My transgender child will be denied care due to transgender health services not being covered, with your new bill. Thanks #crookedcory
ANSWER YOUR PHONE!
Seems you're avoiding talking about this terrible health bill. Disaster for CO, please fight it!
Did you learn anything?
How much are insurance lobbyists paying you for this bill? I will pay you more if you vote no and agree to resign.
#TrumpcareKills
Cory Gardner: Your office has incoming phone call directed straight to voicemail which is full and not accepting messages.
Always best when people listen & try to resolve conflicts through compromise. Not good if one side won't play unless they get 100%.
If you vote for #Wealthcare, you will be responsible for the suffering of many Coloradans you swore to protect. Protect the voiceless.
Don't  wait on 2020. The people can put on the ballot  this year an amendment allowing snap elections for Congress not representing Colorado
The man who makes R's vote against their own interests. Clean skies let corporations pollute. Death tax lets 0.001 percent keep wealth.....
For someone who cares so much for industry, it's interesting you don't mind seeing the individual policy market death spiral from no mandate
So easy to just listen, it doesn't require any actual bipartisanship ACTION to "listen". And then you can say, "Lookie what I did!"... nada!
The ACA has already crippled Americans across the country and not sure how this bill will help much.  I'd like to hope so but time will tell
@9NEWS just said you were one of the Senators who worked on the bill? Is that correct?
You actually helped write this evil? How can you look at yourself in the mirror?
Could tell from your statement on the news that you'll be voting yes on health bill. How much did you get paid to screw us over?
Why don't you listen to us? Because we're not lobbyists? Lantz doesn't  care about bipartisanship. Schedule a LIVE, IN PERSON, town hall.
Lordy, you are an incredible hypocrite! Writes healthcare bill in a dark closet. Touts bipartisanship. #corythecreep
Where are the women who shaped this health care bill, or people of color? Sexist, racist, ableist, classist AGAIN!
Bi-partisanship? Like your lousy, secret health care bill nightmare aiding the rich & hurting the poor? Shame on you if you vote for this!
Bipartisianship? Work w/ Dems on healthcare! Keep ACA protections on pre-existing condi. Keep E.H. Benefits for life-saving prescriptions!
Coloradans are falling over themselves calling you to oppose this bill. You're dodging your own constituents!
Ironic timing... .      x13
The only thing Cory Gardner should have on his agenda is time to write a resignation letter. #AHCA #healthcare #TheResistance
Cory Gardner did you take responsibility for the horrific and evil healthcare bill you helped create? You failed Colorado. #healthcare
Cory, Colorado is watching vote yes on the ACHA and your one term will be over..keep the moving boxes
Repealing healthcare = forced abortions on the poor and disabled. NO actual pro-life rep could ever vote for repeal. Healthcare = families.
My child was born disabled. 1st doc bill was $100,000+. Families can't take home disabled kids they can't secure medical coverage for.
Which will obviously increase abortions.
As a Pro Life candidate, pls see that repeal of healthcare means many families will have no maternity coverage, or safety net for sick kids.
Do what's right please.
How about listening to the people and vote NO on this disgusting health care bill.I won't cut Medicaid, remember THAT promise your guy made?
That's nice now let's talk about that sham of a health care bill! Can u live with all the lives that will be ruined? Shame on @GOP! #fixACA
Yes. Pls keep working 2 MAGA  know that healthCARE is NOT about insurance  need more good drs and innovators #stageivneedsmore #mbc
Talking about bipartisanship isn't the same as actually doing it. Your constituents are telling you NO on trumpcare.
Glad to see encouraging bipartisanship. Please view AHCA that way. Bad on pre-existing conditions and medicaid. Fix please or vote no.
Cory Why are you not addressing a bill you helped craft? Instead you pretend your constituents don't exist and play nice with everyone else.
2020
PLEASE vote no on #Wealthcare. We, your constituents, don't believe that death to line your pockets should be status quo. Shame on you.

Practice what you preach and vote no on Trumpcare! It will hurt 20 million people. The nations eyes are on you!
Ok, fine. No knee jerk reaction here. I can stay calm.  Can you calmly reassure us Medicaid is NOT cut?
I agree no knee jerk voting on this bill.  That gives the Senate time to hear back from the CBO prior to taking the vote. RIGHT???
Elderly and poor suffer under Senate Trumpcare. Wealthy (like me) get $$. Senate bill is greedy and immoral. Vote NO!
How can you keep a straight face when you talk about "knee jerk" reactions to the AHCA. There are real consequences for real ppl. #NoAHCA
Please subpoena Susan Rice's unmasking documents that are sealed at Obama Library
"Not listening to my constituents and could not be more excited to cast my vote to take away people's health care." ~ Coward, C.Gardner
#AHCA will cause Americans to die.
That is not hyperbole.
How much money do you receive from Billionaires?
so where is the bipartisan health care bill?
How about listening to your constituents for a change.  VOTE NO.
Cory, do you really call the Better Care Reconciliation Act a bipartisan effort? You are a liar!
Is this a joke?
You sat in a room and drafted a secret Healthcare plan deliberately kept from voters and Democrats then claim to want Bipartisanship!?
Cory sells bipartisan when it lines his pockets.
The man cannot be honest. Just beyond his capacity.

#WeWillReplaceYou
Did he talk about creating healthcare in secret?
Did you hear any of what he said? Evidently not since the release of the revised AHCA has no democratic input and screws everyone but the 1%
Frank Luntz is a Republican messaging specialist. Not sure how he can be credited with wisdom about bipartisanship?
100 comments so far and not one has congratulated you. Can you interpret the message we are sending?
Are you kidding? All the while, you've been hold up in secret to cut Medicaid for the elderly and disabled? 
Are you aware the demographics of Colorado are changing? Your base is shrinking and you're a lame-duck walking unless you start listening.
Where's Cory
so why wasn't that done with the health Bill
Okie Dokie, this is a good start.  At least you're using the word "Bipartisanship" AND Sen Bennet is in the same room.  Now, onto the AHCA.
Bipartisanship? What a joke.
Shouldn't you be studying the Trumpcare bill you "worked" on to see what's in it?
@SenCoryGardner You can't possibly be thinking of voting for this bill. It is pure evil! How can you be associated with that?
B a voice 4our constitution! NoMore SocialistHealthCare NoMoreFines NoMoreHighIns #AmericaFirst #VeteransBeforeRefugees  #ALAC across US
Too bad you don't model it. As a Coloradan, I loathe the AHCA and hope you won't vote for it. Looking at your record, I know you will. 
Bipartisanship? Like writing a health care bill?
Senator Gardner do you and your  colleagues really really hate the people they serve this much? What about family values, morals and truth?
Bipartisanship? Shouldn't you have displayed that in the crafting of your new, meaner #HealthcareBill? 
#CoryDoesntCare
I have pre-existing conditions I'm raising a granddaughter who relies on Medicaid for her healthcare and my husband relies on Medicare!
What's up,nothing to say about the republican tax cut under the guise of stealing my healthcare? Is this any way to treat your wife & child?
Isn't there a healthcare bill you should be reading (glossing over the fact that you wrote it but have no idea what's in it...)
Hey I think the AHCA is super evil and can't believe you're gonna vote for it. I'm ashamed to have you as a senator.

A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
@FrankLuntz bipartisan 
I would urge you to vote against your party's healthcare bill, both for your electoral interests and the interest of the public.
Must be nice to have a face to face conversation on things that matter to ya, eh @SenCoryGardner ?
Your AHCA that you specifically drafted is a disaster for Colorado.  How could you throw us under the bus?  This is a disgrace
There only seem to be a call for bipartisanship legislation when the Dems are in power. The GOP doesn't seem to do bipartisanship.
Really bipartisanship? Like writing a bill in secret w/ 13 other WHITE MEN from the Republicans? No females, no Dems, no disabled #NoTruth
Vote NO on ACHA
I have a PERFECT SOLUTION FOR people who need #AFFORDABLE HOUSING Who is W/me?
as if you care @SenCoryGardner secret meetings on healthcare!
Expanded Medicaid saved a friend from a $100,000 medical bill when he was unemployed and didn't have insurance.  Please talk to us!!!
Was that after you held closed door meetings hiding from Dems as you built a killer of a health care policy?  Now you want to rush it thru?
Please vote no on this healthcare bill. There is no need for secret legislation rushed to a vote.
The best way to be bipartisan is to listen to your constituents instead of your party bosses.
The ACA (Obamacare) has its roots has a Heritage Foundation concept. Why are some Republicans abandoning that idea now?
Ironically, on a day when there is no bipartisanship whatsoever on health care legislation. Our nation deserves better.
Um, Cory, I don't think you're *actually* "listening," otherwise you'd be doing things very differently.
Let's talk about the #AHCA instead of fluff pieces about your non existent commitment to bipartisanship.
Can't get through to your office, so here it is: I strongly oppose the @SenateGOP AHCA.  It's a very cruel way to finance a tax cut.
Read your statement.  How about demanding hearings and testimony before you will support?
Please vote no on the #AHCA.
hey, on twitter you don't have to keep a straight face when you type hypocrisy
Shame on you @SenCoryGardner you broke your promise to Colorado with this invidious #BetterCareReconciliationAct. Your words are hollow
His book is titled: Words That Work: It's Not What You Say, It's What People Hear. Example it's healthcare not #WealthCare
Ok, now you know what's in the bill, what are you going to do about it?  WE ARE CLOSELY WATCHING AND LISTENING to you.
And we don't like the bill.
I'm very upset about proposed cuts to Medicaid.  How can you justify such heartlessness? How can you justify voting to support it?  DON'T!!!
It would be cool if you would listen to your constituents, too.
This bill is disgusting. You know it and Coloradans know it.
Your healthcare bill is a death bill, and is actually a tax bill. It is a tax credit for the wealthy and you will own it!
Senate bill does NOT protect pre-existing cond. Keep ALL ACA protections on Pre-existing cond. Don't price people out! Lives in YOUR hands!!
@SenCoryGardner @realDonaldTrump Disabled people, people w/ pre-existing cond Capitol Police hurting them, dragging them out! Do something!
Cognitive dissonance @SenCoryGardner , you suffer from it. You are complicit in the healthcare bill that had been completely partisan.
Shame bipartisanship was completely ignored with latest attempt to gut ACA.
Don't fall for Dems "bipartisanship" it's FAKE. Repubs are losing my faith as well. Get together on Trump agenda. Media, Dems, Repubs=swamp
Cory talks the talk and walks the walk especially with health care...Oh wait never mind. #ConManCory
Maybe u need to listen harder since the drafting of your disgusting bill was very partisan. Time for a townhall
How hypocritical when you've been hiding #AHCA from Dems and your constituents, and trying to rush it through without debate. Despicable
LOL.
Make sure you vote no on the senate health bills and demonstrate to your constituency some bipartisanship. I line in 80521
Frank taught you to name issues:  
the #AHCA is PRO-DEATH, 
transparent TINKLE DOWN ECONOMICS 
on vulnerable people & communities
and now you can be part off a bipartisan effort to halt the AHCA in it's current form TODAY. 3Repubs already in.
now there are 4 Repubs  saying noto this current bill. Now you don't even have to a leader.
