Only a LIVE, face-to-face townhall with your constituents will do. It's part of your job description to show up in person and be accountable
Well, except for that whole, hiding behind the phone thing... try coming out and standing in front of them?
REALLY!!  I've called your offices several times only to have your staffers NOT answer the phone. You DO NOT want to hear from me.
Cory, are you ever going to hold a real town hall? Do your constituents' opinions actually influence your behavior in any way?
Can't believe you aren't brace enough to face your constituents! Still @CardboardCoryCO @GOP
Bullshit
We need a town hall meeting for the public we need to express our request
LIVE means in person #cardboardcoryco
But what about the danger you put your constituents with disabilities in over that irresponsible health care vote with no forethought 
One last time: A pre-screened phone call is no Town Hall. We need a real conversation with our Senator.
No calls taken from the Denver metro area. NONE! You avoided questions and your arm must be sore from patting yourself on the back. Fraud!
Why don't you come visit in person? Are you a resident of the DC area now?
@SenCoryGardner This is a joke. At least we can count on @CardboardCoryCO to show up when people want their voices heard.
Republican cowards constitutionally unable to confront the opposition.
Where's Cory
@SenCoryGardner i signed up way in advance and never received the call. So much for "accessible to everyone"
Grateful to hear from our Sen. Disappointed in the ease of which most ?s were not fully answered & no follow up. This was NOT a Town Hall.
Who are you live with? I signed up and have received no call. Anyone else not on the call but expecting to be?
@KyleClark @CBS4Shaun @mkmatthews @coloradopols @NickRiccardi #COpolitics @9NEWS @denverpost @LizGelardi @KDVR @DenverChannel
20 minutes sitting here and NO CALL. why am I not allowed to join?
Your former constituents for the most part. #GOPcoward
Give me a break!!! When and where is it in person Townhall?
The ever elusive @SenCoryGardner. Why is it the only people to see you in person are the Koch bros?
2020
No, you hide from us. You could have a healthy dialogue if you weren't such a coward
Man! I thought you were finally telling tje truth. Alas, you did not say, "I'm lying you constituents." Oh, well. Maybe tomorrow.
@CardboardCoryCO is more LIVE and responsive than you.
If you wanted to talk to us, you'd show up in person.
CONTROL Health Care COSTS - limit ins. co., pharmaceutical & hosp. profits, set standard chgs. for services to include doctor's fees.
You're live with your screeners choosing softballs. You're a coward.
This was a joke.. you should be ashamed. Why can't you address the real issues affecting Colorado and it's residents!
No follow up. No give and take. Just take. Which is all the GOP does. Take and take and take and give only to corporations.
I'm actually in the queue to ask a question this time...maybe I'll get to!
I didn't get to ask my question. 
You must have in person LIVE town halls with live constituents.
You're definitely NOT going to be re-elected. Better plan now for after. Buh bye 
Your actions show otherwise, sir.
Please promote a public option for healthcare to provide real competition to ins. carriers. They will lower premiums! Then negotiate drug $.
You're not live. You're on the phone, Cory. The phone.
Town Hall #CardBoardCory
On the phone, like a wimp. Snowflake.
I don't want to sign up - I want you to show up!  Repair the ACA. No wall, no ban. Trump is crazy.
VA Denver Hospital: Are they on budget? (no answer) Are they on time? (no answer)
Live?   Nope hand picked telephone calls & questions.  No follow up.
I call BS. We want you live & in person so you can see us. We are real. Hear our voices, see our faces. Country before party. Trump must go!

I call bullshit
Live but not present. Time to personally be present at town halls.
Current call questioner (Marine?)- thank you. thank you. thank you. Let's see how he pivots instead of answering your concerns...
I dont need online townhall to tell you to avoid Never-Trump Rino's & their DJT sabotage.
Purple CO could turn Blue. Then you sell tractors
When are you going to admit Trump is a disgrace?!
GO MAUREEN!
Definition of a Coward? see: @SenCoryGardner
Continually comparing to past Administrations as a way to not answer these questions: 2-4
lol.
This is so bogus, meet with us in person.
Single Payer System: the costs would be collected as tax, rather than everyone paying for medical insurance.
Live on the phone.
Senator Gardner, would you please address Diana Degette affiliation with Wasserman Shultzs crooked IT guy Awan!?  #MAGA
You're starting to sound a bit like a broken damage control record.
Hope you brought chapstick if you're going to talk for awhile. Your lips must be chapped from all the bung hole you kiss and suckle up to
When are you going to hold a real townhall? This call of sycophants is a waste of time!! #81212 #notpaid
So far: We'll see about an audit, and we will do better next time.
Face to face town hall! #stillnotpaid 80015
How long is this corrupt bullshit government going to go on Cory
Listening to it,you're a COWARD to your constituents.
How come I never got a call?

No, you're 900 miles away acting like you care...
You're taking the chicken shit way out.
Coward! Why won't you look me in the eye? You know what they say about that right?
I signed-up, but your telephone town hall is a fail. #radiosilence
You want to hear from us...really. then step down.
I'm waiting for the call.
Full of crap. As usual.
