Technology , not a wall ,to secure our borders, work visa reform that prompts employers to play honestly- smarter than mass deportation.
many didn't know their status until they applied for school or work. Through no fault of their own
YOUR focus is misplaced. Other countries including Mexico deport illegals. DACA are illegals. American Citizens are DREAMERS. Deport DACA.
You need to READ the Constitution.  It was not LEGAL.  If you want something done, you are in Congress.  GET IT DONE.
Yeah, well slavery was legal at one time too. He was the south going to do anything about it to change the law?
You need to respect our citizenship.If not, get out.These minors, now adults, can apply to stay here legally. No more free ride.Citizens 1st
Can you please not be so stupid. There is no path for these ppl to become citizens!!!!!!
Then I guess they need to go to their country.
I'm proud of you for doing the right thing My husband went to high school with you. Says nice things except embarrassed u support trump
They are not ALL innocent. #AngelMoms
Funny how your interested in protecting the rights of ppl who have no right to vote for you. #GOPRINO
Too little too late @SenCoryGardner 
You've proved who you really work for, the Donors: Koch Bros, Mercers, Adelson, NRA, Big Corps, the top 1%, McConnell, Trump. You don't do much for the people of Colorado. 

Thought about 'after public' life? You should.

No 2nd Term for Cory.
Make certain as a lawmaker that you actually follow the rule of law on this.  Dreamers should follow same path as any other non citizen.
like our ancestors? Read #Washington #Naturalization Act of #1790 opportunity deserves all
You're proud to be sellout?
As a Coloradan & American citizen; UR first obligation is to protect & provide certainty to us, NOT ILLEGAL immigrants. Pass Kate Steinle!
Thank you.  I'm proud of both my senators right now,  and that feels good.
Thank you for supporting these young Colorado residents. I hope you will continue on to immigration reform that  is both sensible and kind.
Thank you. Going forward, please continue with bipartisan leadership in this issue..
Thank you Senator Gardner! Dreamers are an integral part of our society fabric and contribute hugely to Colorado's tax base. This is right.
The Problem With Illegal Immigration http://www.wannalol.com/p/763380 
When someone says Trump is racist for DACA decision, 
http://tinyurl.com/ycnchw2d 
Great leadership...work together, find compromise and produce positive outcomes for our great nation.
Congress needs to get their shit together and stop putting illegal immigrant issues FIRST. And F any politician who thinks otherwise.
Thank you for joining Senator Bennet  , so proud of both of you :)
Thank you!
You voted to kick 13,000,000 people off of their insurance and to raise taxes on the poor. Stop acting like you care about anyone other than your donors. Do us a favor and resign.
No DACA.  No amnesty.  Deport them all.
When are you going to do something for Natural Born Americans and Legal Immigrants, instead of illegal aliens?
Thank you.
NO TO DACA!  They CAME ILLEGALLY! LAWS MUST take PRIORITY-NOT EMOTIONS!!!
I'm voting you out if DACA gets amnesty, and wall is built!! Drain the swamp!
happy legislation  & will consider it during election Keep up the #bipartisanship  @SenCoryGardner
Thank you Senators for doing a great and compassionate thing!!!!
How about repealing Obamacare so we can afford health insurance?
Seriously, do you really think that it's the repeal of Obama care that's going to help everyone afford healthcare? You are being fooled.
Good for you. Kicking out the dreamers would be unbelievably cruel.
I don't want DACA until you repeal O'care, cut taxes, and fund the wall.
Cảm ơn (thank you) Senators!  High five Colorado!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator. Feels good to vote with your heart instead of your wallet, right?
"Multiculturalism has failed" .... Merkel 2010
Finally! Some leadership!!  And some humanity!! Holy frigging cow it took you way too long to stand up and do the right thing!
Will you add verbiage to clarify th 14th Amendment? Tht only children born to US Citizens are US Citizens. That will stop dividing families.
Amazing how some of you want to make this a "partisan political" issue, which it most definitely is not. This has only to do with the law.
Thank you for doing the right thing.
As long as it does not cost the tax payers
Good. Don't allow yourself to be pressured into backing down on this. The vast majority of your constituents support the #DREAMAct.
#grandjunction, please follow up on this commitment at Gardner's upcoming town hall
The true test will be if you are influential enough to get the law passed...
I am a democrat... I want to thank you for taking a stand on common sense. People first.
As  you pocket globalist and leftist $$$
Thank you, Senator. Please follow through, CO lives are at stake!
Americans need healthcare reform and tax reform but you think putting illegals in the dream act ahead of us. Your so confused
Thank you for your bipartisan bravery and compassion on this subject. This Colorado voter is grateful and will remember your stance.
Thank you, Senator
Just another lying rino. I will talk to as many as i can to ensure your out next term. Lies lies lies
Sen Gardner, thank you so much for stepping up!  We really really appreciate it 
Thank you both for your courage. It takes a great deal to go against your party's racist, nationalistic leadership and do the right thing.
Stop!
We don't need illegals we need healthcare reform and a wall! Repeal obozo care, work on tax reform and build the wall! #maga
Thank you
Thank you for hearing us on this one
thank you
What about the decent law abiding legal American citizens kids that can't afford college? What do you do for them? They get a free ride too?
You are correct because they did not act before.
Good for you. This is what you should have done years ago. @POTUS did not make a rash decision, he removed an unconstitutional exec order
what is this dreamer crap we have hard working natural born citizens that are having there dreams ripped from them everyday by politicians
Funny, when this was introduced during Obama,all the GOP blocked it.I'm glad you're acting for the sake of the Dreamers but the GOP sucks!
You're out in 2020, Gardner. Thanks for showing that you're just an undocumented Democrat in disguise.
Thank you for waking up and finally serving the people of Colorado.  Still don't want you re-elected.
Thank you Sen. Gardner. Now please also listen to the people and move together in a bi partisan way to fix, not repeal, not gut, health care
Ha  we will take this vote. But we remember your vote to turn it away during 44 term ! 2020 you will still be voted out. You greedy slime!
Well look who decided to start being a decent person. Maybe we can retire @CardboardCoryCO now.
Of course Democrats want to finally get off their backsides and stop resisting because you want to give illegals a pathway to citizenship
Of course you finally want to get some legislation accomplished and it has nothing to do with helping America or its citizens
Thank you
Senator Gardner, you are on the right path on DACA. Let's go all the way and give them citizenship now!
why did you block the this very same idea/bill from going to the floor during Obama's term? why?
Do. Not. Walk. This. Back. 

Coloradans WILL take action in 2020. #DestroyTheGOP
#DefendDACA
.@marcorubio think you get onboard with this?!
Sounds like DACA. Obama was the best.
Thank you
I hope you work hard to get this passed, not just lip service.  We're counting on you.
Also add a refund for legal immigrants and allow their families to come in the country sooner than later.
Make sure their parents, who committed a crime are deported. U serve the citizens 1st and foremost. I hope that u will remember.
This was a good step for you to take.  Keep on representing the majority of Coloradoans on health care, tax cuts, and infrastructure.
Hopefully you can get the nut bags in the freedom caucus to cooperate
Latinos won't forget your no votes on this during Obamacare admin. You need them now but Hindsight is #2020. Not givin' you a pass.
#DACA repeal = 16,902 CO DREAMers subject to deportation. @SenCoryGardner, Reject nativism. Support #DreamAct https://pic.twitter.com 
Thank you for your support of DACA! Help make the DREAM Act a reality, and the BRIDGE along with it!
Simple Cory,have them get in line like all the rest who want to be American's,use the same guidelines and let the chips fall where they may
About fucking time you stand up to the combover in the White House.
Except the"dreamers" broke the law coming here. They are not "law abiding" if they had to break law to get here.
Thank you, Senators!
Thank you Senator Gardner.  Let's hope doing a few decent and right things starts to snowball for you.  Please support fixing the ACA.
Excited to finally say I'm proud of both my senators. Thank you for this. @SenCoryGardner please tell your GOP pals to follow suit.
I look forward to seeing it! Thanks for working g across the aisle
Wow. Senators doing what they're hired to do. Good on ya for getting the ball rolling at least.
Thank you
Thank you for your willingness to help the #dreamers of our great state they won't disappoint
I am pleased to hear that you are on the right side of this moral crisis. Thank you for defending Colorado's DREAMers.
Love you keeping America's promise...right for justice and right for our economy! 
Are you KIDDING me, Cory?  You have turned into a liberal in so many ways.  Very sad to see that happen.  :-(     OUR kids come first.
Congress is going to have another run at repeal and replace this month.  And everybody here is thanking Cory for this DACA smokescreen...
Oh and yeah, born in 80012, live in 80231. #notpaid #DACA #DefendDREAMers
I hope you mean it. Maybe mention a little bit abour how the toxic nativist rhetoric via Sessions this morning isnt good either.
Thank you.. we will remember this promise... swear
Any of you in Congress feigning disgust @POTUS are the worst kind of hypocrite.
I hate to say it but I'm shocked that you are sponsoring sensible, compassionate legislation. I hope you won't support 45's tax plan!
What the hell has taken Congress so long to act? Obama signed in 2012, was supposed to force you all to act in 2 yrs! For YEARS no action!!
Im proud of you both for this. My Senators! Well done.
It's time to do better!!!!
Thank you Gardner for supporting the DREAM Act. Colorado is  proud. THIS is who we are! It strengthens families and our economy.
Thank you, Senators!  - 81521
Color me impressed.
How about economic policy that will help them live a decent life here?
Enroll them in citizenship classes in high school. Graduate them with a diploma and their citizenship. Sensible solution.
Thank you, Senator. History will serve you well on this issue. Stand firm.
Thank you Colorado Senators!.
Thank you Senators - right thing to do! Please not at expense of USA  I.E. - not a trade for funding some vile wall or tax cuts 4 wealthy
Many times I disagree with you Senator Gardner however thank you for standing up. Senator Bennet, I have your back. Good stuff guys.
Thank you.
I have been so depressed all day because of DACA and it made my night to hear this news. Never prouder to be a Coloradan. Thank you both.
Thank you Senators.
Thank you
Hope this means you're doing the DREAM Act not just codifying temp status (DACA) which would leave DREAMERS as perm underclass w no voice
Maybe one day you'll support American kids
Good luck cleaning up for Trump. Imagine if you could just impeach him. Oh wait! You can, but won't.
@tankcat @SenBennetCO NO! Let Americans have hose jobs and education opportunities. They must be deported
Thank you Senator Bennet for your kindness and persistence! Thank you Senator Gardner for finally listening.
Thank you!
I can't even trust you guys to come with saving my own health! To think I entrust you to save DACA? Where is the our coffins?
Senator, you've just earned my respect today.  Thank you!  Even if you have not read my email letter, I applaud your timely response.
I just wish more members of our country's legislative branch had more of you & @SenBennetCO in there.  I am sure there's more, but (cont'd)
Thank you, thank you both so much for doing the decent thing and protecting these kids!!
Yes!
Add everify and border funding to it and that's a good deal.
Really? Why could you folks at Congress fail at this bill before, Obama had to step in
Thank you. This is the right thing to do.
Thank you for doing the right thing for our country and our economy as well.  Please continue to work 4 the people and not the party line.
Thank you for doing the right thing!
Thank you
Great!  Don't let this become a bargening chip for #trumpswall
@SenCoryGardner Don't let POTUS hold legislation hostage in order to build the wall!
Good for you!
You've voted on so many awful things recently that I'm happy to finally agree with you on something! Still not voting for you in 2020.
NoFault dreamers may be allowed to stay if Productive & Law abiding. Offer green cards and apps for citzenship.
DEPORT Indigent & Criminals
Finally you are coming around, thank you!
Please #DefendDACA I live in 81623.
Wow, @SenCoryGardner thats the 2nd time you did the morally right thing in 3 weeks.  The Koch brothers are not going to be pleased, but🖒
Keep pandering to liberals who have no intention of voting for you regardless of shameless pandering such as this
I would expect nothing less than you to put low wages for corporations over concerns for American workers or law and order
Thank you Senator Gardner!!
Hope you will get this message Senator. – at Downtown COS
What message does this send to legal immigrants that went through the process of becoming citizens? Unnecessary formality? How to reconcile?
Thank you!
If it doesn't include IMMEDIATE and significant border security you can expect a primary opponent.
Thanks to you both for being willing to preserve the #DreamAct.
Sen Gardner, good job on this. Now just use the same logic and compassion on healthcare and you are doing the right things for Colorado.
Good. I'm very glad to see you feel that way. Now, don't tie that stupid wall to it.
The average age for DACA is 20 to 30 year olds. They need to go back, become legal & come back as US citizens! Some like to burn US flags
Thank you both for standing up and doing the right thing!
Thank you
Yeah if you really cared, this would have been resolved 5 yrs. ago. Oh I know you, you wouldn't be able to call the @GOP racist if solved.
Hey Dingleberry, fund the wall and you maybe able to get other Senators on board. Trump will definitely sign.
Thank you!!!!! Thank you!!!!!
Thank you. Please just don't treat them as hostages, and trade them for #trump's wall.
I rarely agree with you, but this is a good move. More like this
Wait?   Bipartisan?  Don't let the party establishments know!   Thanks for being on right side here guys!
I don't often agree with Senator Gardner, so I truly appreciate you taking the right and moral stance. #DefendDREAMers #DACA #withDreamers
Thank you @SenCoryGardner!
nonsense & simply proof your using this as a way to get attention while ignoring Kateslaw and those you represent to be safe & employed!
Thank you, thank you, thank you 80863
We want the focus to be American kids! Stop your substitution of your will for that of the people who clearly elected Trump to end illegals!
So like 100% of them
Thank you Senator.
Thank you @SenBennetCO and @SenCoryGardner for cosponsoring this legislation.
Not good enough!! You slackers,Bennett included have had years to fix this. Think of Americans first for once. We pay your salaries!!!
It's nice to see you taking positive action.
Congrats on this bipartisan work from @SenBennetCO and @SenCoryGardner ! Push #DreamAct2017 without attachment!

I hope you are serious and actually get this up for vote soon!
Sen. Gardner, one American tired of paying for illegals. They R not helpless. Now adult DACA's need to apply like all else. Not a free ride.
Good. Keep it up. Be brave.
That bill better also call for finishing up the wall and accelerated deportations of all other illegal aliens.
Now if you just got health care...
THANK YOU!
Thank you!
