https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1417935204907754&set=a.233152960052657.65424.100000738635790&type=3&theater …
You are incorrect. She is NOT a strong choice unless by strong you mean wealthy. She has absolutely NO experience.
As a CO voter, again, U do not represent me or anyone I know with this move. We need an educator, not a billionaire
Not all charter folks agree. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1221566391262598&id=574135902672320 …
Fun fact: DeVos bought your vote for the same price as one year of private college tuition! Don't forget; we won't!
Vote no on DeVoss.  She lacks experience and knowledge of public education.
I am a Colorado resident and you represent no one I know on this subject. We need an experienced public educator.
I'm sorry, but she is not a strong choice, no experience and no respect for public education #StopDeVos
Are you nuts? She's extremely unqualified. Vote NO on DeVos! (Did she buy your vote with her $50k donation?)
if Mrs DeVos gets this position, she will funnel the $$ up.  Greater divides will occur. Please heed the call.
I don't care how much she paid you, she won't be paying for our students education, Please #StopDeVos
A no Vote is your only option. Because Coloradans. Progress or regress?
Senator, I implore you to vote against Becky DeVos.  She could single handily destroy our public school system.
this is not the feeling of the people who voted for you. Vote no.
No, ask public schools in Michigan. Vote for us, OUR children not because she donated to YOUR campaign, Vote NO!
She is not the right person to head our nation's most important department!
I am a CO resident & educator. DeVos has done more to undermine public education than support students. PLS OPPOSE DeVos!
As a voter, an educator, and a volunteer organizer, I urge you to reconsider-uness you don't want to see Coloradoans succeed
No!  Privatizing schools is out of the question. Trump installed a 24 KT hose into that swamp of a WH.  Man up!
Hope you will reconsider after the HELP hearings! She is a terrrible choice - children deserve better! #devos #nodevos
P.S. I live in Jeffco & am an active voter - no one pays me for my opinion. #NoDeVos
Is it Opposite Day? Or have you lost your mind?
please fight this nomination! Her inexperience & lack of knowledge will hurt those in the public school system
reading, writing or arithmetic. DeVos will make sure our Childers can only do one of them.
How much did she contribute to your campaign?
alot of money went in to him from DeVos
She couldn't even answer easy questions. Please vote for the children and not for Trump
Please do not confirm this person. We need an educator in that post!
a vote for @BetsyDeVos is a vote AGAINST Colorado. Please do what your constituency has asked you to do #VoteNo

I am a CO constituent. Definitely NOT PAID.  Please do not vote to confirm this woman. I'll call, fax, and write too ;)
Good to know it only takes $47,000 to buy your vote. https://www.opensecrets.org/indivs/search.php?name=devos&cycle=All&sort=R&state=&zip=&employ=&cand=Gardner%2C+Cory&submit=Submit+Query …
- shame on you if you confirm this completely unqualified candidate. Vote NO on DeVos.
Betsy DeVos never attended public school nor have her children. She has zero knowledge or experience. Do the right thing.
Mrs, DeVos is far too focused on charter schools and vouchers which would be impossible throughout the USA.
Denver resident here, DeVos is horribly unqualified. Perfect example of buying our representatives.
Please vote no on Devos. She is an objectively aweful choice.
You join in insulting every educator in our nation, public or private! We will have your seat at the polls.
A strong choice would be someone with an iota of experience or knowledge. Your constituents are saying NO on DEVOS!
Strong on what? Her record of destabilizing Michigan's schools to promote her own agenda? #unpaid #angryvoter
#DumpDevos She is clearly not qualified and is not supportive of our students with disabilities.
Betsy DeVos is dangerously unqualified to hold this position. CO students, educators deserve better. No on DeVos.
Why not support DeVos? Knowledge is overrated 
As my representative, I ask you to vote NO @BetsyDeVos. She has no experience in education & doesn't value public schools.
Your statement about DeVos shows that you know as little about Colorado Public Schools as she does! #Dump DeVos
She is a terrible choice. After listening to her testimony I don't believe she was qualified in every way.
No, Sen. Gardner, she is a terrible choice.  Why will you not listen to your  #unpaid #voters?   Serve us, not $$$.
she's completely unqualified, U could walk outside & find at least 5 ppl more qualified&with better intentions. #StopDeVos
no!!! I'm not some paid protester... just a concerned mom from YOUR district!
sellout
No, she's not. Maybe if she stopped giving you donations, you'd see that.
Do you agree with Ms. DeVos, @SenCoryGardner, that education reform is a way to “advance God’s kingdom"? @usedgov
having billions in the bank does NOT qualify you to lead the education of our children!
if you want common core gone and school choice, then find someone QUALIFIED TO DO IT, how insulting to educators!
we are real people with real children calling you, not robots!  This is shameful you would accept pay to play
you will be voted out. Is it worth it?
DeVos is not qualified, hung up on vouchers, and has little if any knowledge of how to help our rural Colo schools
An absolutely terrible choice for Ed Sec. Reconsider your position and withdraw your support.
you have forgotten who you work for, and apparently you can be bought. Shameful.
The only thing she cares about is a return on her investment. $ could be put to better use than pay to play
No Thank you.   We need someone better for the Department of Education.   #CONative
No, she isn't. You wouldn't hire a billionaire with 0 Med XP to operate on you, don't put her in charge of Ed
Also? I'm not a paid protester. I am a CO voter. The pic? Me running up Mount Evans 'cause I'm a real Coloradan.
Plenty of people want to roll back Common Core & are actually qualified. DeVos is not one of them. Vote no.
Coloradans are against HER!
 NO to Betsy DeVos!
As a parent of a student with disabilities who has a lot to offer the world I beg you to reconsider and vote no.
80503 St Vrain Valley
shes not wualifies to lead the local pta
as a teacher in Colorado I say NO! NO! NO! Listen to the people Cory Gardner
Vote No! #i'mNotPaid
and we will remember where you stood. for the sake of our children! shame on you.
She helped  trash Michigan's schools. Vote no. We see you and the money you're hiding under your desk, Senator.
And how much $$ did she give you, Senator?
I disagree Senator. I know many teachers, and all of them are appalled by DeVos.
saying she's qualified to be the education secretary is like you saying the #muslimban wasn't about #muslims 
ALL (R) Senators who received campaign contribs from billionaire DeVos should recuse from a pay-to-play confirm voting.
I'm a constituent, I vote, and I disagree. An Ed Secretary who doesn't know IDEA (and so much more) is dangerous.
How much $$$ did you get from DeVos. I hope you got a good cut in exchange for selling out Colorado's kids.
Please vote NO on DeVos.  Our public schools need someone to strengthen them!  She is only trying to help the rich
I am a Colo.voter. I don't support DeVos as Sec of Ed:not experienced, a narrow thinker,and doesn't support pub ed.
Cory, this is a HORRIBLE choice. I voted for you. Do the right thing - stop pandering to Trump for God's sakes.
I hope you're asking yourself if a 40K campaign donation is worth losing all respect of your voters. Please vote no tomorrow
Betsy doesn't have one. She couldn't even get hired as a minimally qualified teacher in any state. Run the show? VOTE NO.
you are my Senator, & people of Colorado have called, emailed etc & say loudly NO ON DEVOS!! Beware elections sir!!
A strongly WRONG choice. #BetsyDeVos is an ENEMY of education. YOU MUST VOTE "NO." #VoteNoOnBetsyDeVos
So your vote costs  $50,000. sir?
Not by any stretch of the imagination is she qualified. Country before party!
...no
how is she a strong choice when she has no experience in education?
in what world? Grow a pair.
hope you don't have kids. If you do, you just showed you don't give 2 damns about their education. Congrats.
I'm sure the Senator can afford private schools.
this message and Senator has been paid for by Betsy Devos for Education Secretary.
She is clearly not qualified for the role. Please do not support her, give ALL our kids in school a chance!
If you think she's a great pick you need to lose your seat as well.  #nobetsydevos You will be up for reelection...
How does that Kool-Aid taste?
my sister teaches in a district within CO that is struggling enough without DeVos making it worse. Vote No! Please!
how much did she give you?
, no, I respectfully disagree. As a Colo voter, I am watching you. Vote this nomination down. She will be disastrous.
your spine is showing its bent: weighed by influence and money. History, sir, will not be kind.
She is a disaster and you know it.
No no no! I don't think there has even been a less qualified nominee than this woman.
so I guess you weren't paying attention during the hearing. Or to your constituents!! How much did she pay you??
What educational experience of hers makes you support her. Or more accurately, how much did she donate to you?
Strong voice who's NEVER attended public school or had her children attend & who's NEVER had a student loan. GMAFB!
you should be ashamed to support DeVos. She is grossly unqualified and you all know it
Not hardly! VOTE NO! I have yet to see ONE AMERICAN CITIZEN argue yes for her! WE ARE YOUR CONSTITUENTS, WE SAY NO!
how much has she donated to you? Must be a lot to sell your soul. Children in America will pay the price 4 you
No, she actually isn't.  Did she give you money for your vote too?  I wish we all profited in the selling of US 2.
Excuse me, but have you not listened to her answers to congressional questions during he confirmation hearing?!?
Education NOT religion. We need an educator who understands policy and how people learn. 1/2
Education teaches facts not faith!  Communities benefit from public schools!
The woman is an idiot.  She knows nothing about education policy or practices.  Make her an ambassador to Fiji.
she isn't qualified in the least!!! Stop blindly obeying and show some guts. Damn spineless GOPers.
isn't school finance a big enough mess in Colorado without Betsy's vouchers  destroying public schools?
Wow. Listen to your constituents, or be prepared to lose next election cycle. Holy cow, confirming de Vos is a bad idea.
how much is she paying you Cory? #DeVosHearing #DeVosvote
You *must* be smokin' something awesome. This lady is going to be TERRIBLE for our schools!
please tell me you're joking. Put teachers & students before party!  That's your JOB! You know she's not qualified!
Senator, what about her resumé would lead you to say that she is a 'strong choice'?
Sec of Ed is too high of a position for someone with zero experience. Colorado votes No.
A strong choice if you want to destroy public education, yeah. Oh wait, you do!
unbelievable.
Clearly you are bought and paid for. She is a train wreck!! Billionaire swamp. You are not protecting children!!
No, she is not. She is terrible. Her Michigan schools were a failure. Kids deserve better. #noDevos
She wants less D.C. and less money for public schools. Rather it go to for profit schools that are unregulated.
When did you get your 30 pieces of silver?
Seriously?! are you high or paid off?
how?
you are a coward. I don't know how you sleep at night
How much money did she give you?
I went through CO public schools, DeVos doesn't know what's right for that system or its students
Cory, you know that Betsy DeVos is bad for Colorado and bad for all U.S. kids!  Reconsider your support!
No public school experience! Just left you a voice mail. Hope you listen to the people you're representing.
I'm a CO voter. A "strong choice" is someone who has experience as an educator and has worked in public schools.
Where is critical thinking and traditional values in politics? You are bought and Coloradans will remember.
Betsy DeVos is a monster. I've called to express my opinion, please represent your constituents wishes!
As a constituent and an educator I urge you to vote no on Betsy DeVos. She will be a tragedy for our public schools
I believe she cares about kids- however, she does not have the experience or qualifications. Pls reconsider.
Irony - How uneducated Betsy Devos is about education #nobetsydevos
As a Coloradoan, I urge tou to reconsider a yes vote for Betsy DeVos. Public education needs govt support.
Nonsense. You're a coward if you cave in on DeVos, and we, your constituents, will not forget your betrayal in 2020.
NO ON DEVOS! She is not a strong choice!
Vote NO on Ms. DeVos. She has NO public education experience or training. She is anti-public education. VOTE NO!!!
Her views on public education are dangerous. As a Colorado voter, I'm urging you to vote no.
please, please reconsider. You have to see she is not fit for the position.
I strongly disagree with you and this administration.
Senator Gardner, I respectfully request that you do not vote in favor of this unqualified and unacceptable person.
DeVos is a terrible choice - completely unqualified. Please do not support her.
this lady is not remotely qualified, asking you to vote no.  #no DeVos
NO. DeVos is an unqualified idiot who evaded answering direct verbal questions and plagiarized her written answers.
Betsy DeVos would be a disaster and is unqualified for the job.  Come on Senator, you know better.  Vote NO!
your statement is political and like Mrs Devos ideological. Singling out Common Core shows yours and her ignorance
no senator you are wrong. Her confirmation hearing proved her lack of basic preparation for this position.
please do not confirm Mrs. Devos. You must have listened to her confirmation hearing. Colorado is counting on you!
Betsy DeVos is the wrong choice. We can do better!  Vote no!
As a 24 year old who was taught K-12 in the Colorado public school system, DeVos is the wrong choice!
Republic Senators Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska are voting NO.  Cory, Colorado kids need you
Please look at what Betsy Devos did in Michigan! She destroyed their school system by ALL ACCOUNTS.  Vote NO!
left you several messages on this topic but your voicemail's full for weeks. Please vote on Devos: no experience.
I am a mom of two middle-schoolers. We're depending on you to step up with Murkowski & Collins and #DumpDevos.
Please don't allow unqualified SecEd in DeVos!  I'm a CO voter and will remember your vote.  #StopDeVos
Please, you must reject Betsy DeVos. She would be a disaster. I am a Colorado voter and I am watching your vote.
Cory, we are NOT paid protesters. We are constituents calling you to say: we do NOT support DeVos. Vote NO please!
As someone who grew up in rural CO I cannot see how you would think this is a good choice for @usedgov #VoteNoDevos
She is a terrible choice. Completely unqualified in every way. Your constituents are watching sir. YOU WORK FOR US.
No experience as educator. Unqualified #votehimout #colorado #DeVosvote
As a Colorado voter and mother Devos is a terrible choice if you don't prioritize our children's education resign
Listen to your voice mails and emails!!!. Betsy DeVos is unqualified. VOTE NO.  #StopDeVos
Needing "less Washington, D.C. in our schools" is something I can get on board with. DeVos is NOT.
pls reconsider your stance. She is least equipped nominee of trump cabinet. Not a SME or an executive. #VoteNoDevos
Please listen to your constituents and do not confirm her, from a special needs mom in 80129.
Betsy DeVos is completely unqualified and should not be in charge of our nation's educational future. Vote no
Her policies will destroy education in rural areas, let us keep the option of public school. Vote against
I find this very concerning. This is really a poor choice. Do you really feel she is the most qualified? Reject her
How did you miss her confirmation hearing. Horrible choice!
She doesn't know what IDEA is, she doesn't know the difference between growth & proficiency, and she has ZERO exp.
DeVos is NOT "a strong choice" for @usedgov Sec. As parent of a school-aged Coloradan I will fight your reelection.
DeVos is a terrible choice and as my Senator, I am appalled that you blindly support her despite her incompetence
DeVos is in no way qualified to lead the Department of Education.  Please vote no.
You think she's a strong choice BECAUSE SHE PAID YOU. You will NEVER be re-elected.
You're jeopardizing the future of children who depend on public schools. Think of ur state needs not party lines.
vote no on DeVos. She is unqualified for any educational position. Pls.
Absolutely not. @BetsyDeVos is UNqualified. My parents were public school teachers. Do not degrade education in this way.
Betsy DeVos has no experience with Public Education.  Do you listen to the people who voted for you?  Vote NO!!
As a parent of a child with disabilities I implore you to vote against this confirmation!
DeVos is the WRONG choice to lead anything remotely related to education, especially public ed. ~concerned CO voter
Mr. Senator, as a Colorado voter, I respectfully disagree. As a constituent, I ask that you vote no.
please do not kowtow to Trump; represent your constituents honestly and ethically. We are watching. We vote.
BLOCK DeVos. She's a shill and completely unqualified. Quit selling our country out to TRAITORS!!
Utterly incompetent, ethically challenged, issues with financials, zero understanding of Ed. Plus 1 Amend violator.
