It is your duty to appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate Russian election hacking! Do what's right & protect our democracy.
Hey @SenCoryGardner we want an independent #TrumpRussiaInvestigation and #TownHall! Stop hiding from your constituents.
How bout that Comey firing? What is trump hiding?
I've been trying to call for over three weeks. I dropped off a blank check, please let me know what it costs to talk with you.
What say you about Trump firing Comey?
Disgusting that you would subject youth across the nation to methane pollution and Rob them of royalties. Good thing some GOP have a heart.
Hindsight is 2020
SENATOR, WE NEED AN INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR NOW THAT #COMEY HAS BEEN FIRED. FROM, YOUR CONSTITUENT
Our president is unhinged, dangerous, vindictive, and ignorant. Will you set an example to youth by doing the right thing?
Gardner=Trump
If you gave a shit about Colorado youth you would have not voted to eliminate the methane rule. Your are an embarrassment to our great state
No sitting on the sidelines waiting for the Comey/Trump /Flynn/Russia issue to pass. Are you an American patriot or not? Independent invest.
Please tell us where you stand in re: Director Comey's firing and Russian collusion investigation.
Gardner silent on Con Man Trump. Partisan HACK!! Comfort in knowing History will record Gardner as a HYPOCRITE & "man" of zero integrity!!
When are you going to start serving your constituents and stand up to Trump?
How are you going to hold POTUS accountable for this gross abuse of power? #Resist #2020YoureOut
Are you going to hold a town hall in Colorado? !0th request. Desperately need to speak with you re: Healthcare. #whereisCory #doyourjobpls
Now if you could just serve your community, we'd be all set!
Nice!! Now appoint an independent prosecutor
Special prosecutor for trump is needed now!
Party or country. Your move.
How do you explain to these young people that you have no interest in protecting their future environment?  You should be ashamed.
Speaking of serving communities, when are you going to start serving yours? You know, by working for us, the people of Colorado?
Thats great. Now focus on your  rogue president.
Now is the time for patriotism not partisanship. Protect our democracy, assign a special prosecutor to investigate the Russian election hack
https://twitter.com/astull90/status/862692834746478592 …
As a citizen (and one of your constituents), I find the timing and manner of Comey's firing extremely suspicious. What's your opinion?
Writing to request independent investigation, since your phones seem a bit tied up at the moment.
https://twitter.com/astull90/status/862387860355379200 …
Hold a LIVE, IN PERSON town hall meeting and we'll congratulate you. Why haven't you met us directly? Bawk Bawk.
Stop the pap!! We are looking at a Constitutional crisis. Do something about #TrumpRussiaCollusion. He has fired Comey - Cover up!!!
M.I.A.
Are you also serving your communities by guaranteeing accesible full health coverage, including for preexisting?
Where's Cory?
They will regret this photo with Coward Cory years from now.

All the positive PR in the world doesnt save you from being a slimy cock smooch @SenCoryGardner
Girls, you're experts on community service. Well done. Now, give the Senator some pointers while you have him in person. #TownHall
Speaking of serving your communities, when are you going to start serving yours? #WheresCory
2020
Well Done & Keep that photo in your scrapbook kids.  It will make a funny story about posing w/ the state's most lame senator in history.
They are better public servants than you are, Cory.
How about doing a medical audit on Inmate cancer treatment.....FRAUD
Hire some staff to answer your phones. If you're not interested in representing the people of Colorado, quit your job.
Those poor kids, they have no clue.....
That's awesome! NOW HAVE A TOWN HALL, YOU COWARD.
Crazy to think that they do more for their communities than you do.
So you will do photo opps with women but won't work with them on health care?
When are you going to start serving your constituents?
Great! Will you be holding a live town hall during recess?
how did you explain to these beautiful girls they are a pre-existing condition?
Super cool! Please hold a town hall during recess
