@realDonaldTrump Senator Your president criticized Mayor Khan & politicized the tragedy. Keep your honor & ask for Trumps resignation.
Senator, extremism is the root of "evil and hate" and extremism unfortunately sees no bounds both abroad & home.  Peace now!
Where's Cory?
What about standing with the world in the fight against global warming? Or do you truly put #partyoverEVERYTHING #hindsightin2020 #only1term
Wish that @SenCoryGardner listened to his constituents? So do we. Follow @indivisibleden: if we band together our voices *will* be heard.
When will you stand with the American people and #Resist?
Are you okay with our president lobbing embarrassingly misdirected and uninformed criticism at London's mayor? Huh? Is this okay with you?
Wish that @SenCoryGardner listened to his constituents? So do we. Follow @indivisibleden: if we band together our voices *will* be heard.
And yet you stand with a president that preaches hate as well!! #sadcorygardner
Before or after you dine with dictators?
Maybe don't dine with dictator duerte if you want to take a stand against terror. Check his record dude
Perhaps you could clue in @realDonaldTrump to the fact that the UK and not Russia is our ally? Or do you approve of his Twitter rants?
Where's the condemnation of the White supremacist terrorist attack in Portland?

And that is NOT a Salman Rushdie quote.
Sure it isn't. And the moon doesn't have a dark side either.
Of course, anyone that knows any science, knows there is no dark side of the moon. More 16th century Repub alt facts
Do you continue to stand by Trump?
Get your resume ready, you're going to need it, crook.
Please send template of your tweet to @realDonaldTrump. He uses tragedies 4 shameless self promotion and fear-mongering. #WeAreAllLondoners
Empty words coming from you - still silent about Trump's hatred-filled speeches, anti-NATO, and "America Great Again" = nothing for others
Unlike Trump's response, yours is Presidential.
Trump's tweets were also hateful.
Unless trump doesn't feel like it and turns on them
The Republican party is the face of evil and hate.
Awfully kind of you. Trump doesn't agree. Trying his best to piss off UK.
Yet more courageous platitudes from our never-seen senator?
Mr. Gardner, the US needs to fight harder in Afghanistan and in Iraq.

Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. https://twitter.com/sencorygardner/status/896465229181210624 …
How about your stand with your constituents in a town hall?  #coward
Wish that @SenCoryGardner listened to his constituents? So do we. Follow @indivisibleden: if we band together our voices *will* be heard.
How did it feel to meet with evil (Duterte)?
The GOP is the true face of evil & hate in the US.
How about we stop selling weapons or bombing people? That's the real terrorism
Pres Trump right again. The courts blocking travel ban and no one supporting 45 a disgrace. Keep yawning
Build the wall
Glad to see a considered response to the situation.
But will you fight against stealing our health care, having clean air & water, not over taxing the MC & poor? How about a Town Hall?
let us prey on fear tiny senator and pretend to protect while cashing weapons contractors checks. #republicants #agentOrange #gop #Terrorism
No sir, we see the face of true evil & hate every date in the Oval Office, here in our own country.
Empty words. 2020.
You shook hands with it last week...give me a break with your fake outrage
Trump at 36% and falling. When do you say enough?
actually 48% and rising.Syrian response VA choice jobs, whistleblower act, out of Paris, border under control etc
When is your Town Hall Meeting?  Bennett had one.  You need to meet the people that pay your salary and great benefits
#WeWillReplaceYou
Why were you in Manila with Duterte and not at home hosting town halls? Where are you? Your constituents would like to discuss healthcare...
Yes- reject terrorism everywhere. Now onto AHCA protect Americans health, family$. & Democracy- Russian interference
but you're fine with shaking hands & a photo op with pure evil...when you cozy up to dictators you need to zip it!
.@SenCoryGardner start by denouncing crass, self promoting  @realDonaldTrump vitriol, please.
Oh, yes, meeting with pure evil is also a great start #fraud
What THE hell good is "standing w/ UK" going 2 do? We need 2 exterminate Islamist terrorists, until they ALL sleep w/ their "72 virgins."
Keep pimping FEAR Cory as that is about all you have going for your party right now big guy
Why didn't you tweet about the bombings in Baghdad or Kabul last week?! More people died. Are their lives worth less than European lives?!
STAND against terror.  Stand against the spread of islam.  Stand against political correctness.  Stand UP, America.
You do realize, don't you, that every day you support the #collusion and #treason of #Trumprussia, you add fuel to the terrorism threat?
Don't you read the news? We're betraying all of our allies to cozy up with dictators. It's our new thing. Like how you chose Duterte over us
As you fawn over evil leaders like Duterte?
You met with true evil, but you refuse to meet with your constituents.
You shook hands with a terrorist. Who cares what you think. Hypocrite.
See this: The longer you refuse to meet us in person, the more you become *evil* to your constituents. Hindsight is #2020.
Cory, you're a quivering lump of dung. Let's not pretend that your standing with anyone will help matters one bit.
Shame on you
Excuse me? "Stand with" like you STOOD WITH & SHOOK HANDS WITH DUTERTE? The U.K. deserves so much better than that. London's mayor is on it.
Odd you didn't bring up hate with Portland attacks. Did you know that daily gun deaths in the US equal what happened in GB every few hours?
And will you continue to stand with a President who seems intent on using this tragedy to stir up fear and hatred?  Or will you be silent?
lets start by reaffirming democratic principles of freedom and equality for all not just some
Until you stop enabling Trump, you do not deserve any respect.  You're scripted and full of baloney.  Elections can't come soon enough.
Support our President. Get behind him and pass his agenda.
Still no comment about the White Nationalist terrorist attack in Portland last week?  Continue to be a coward, Cory.
You must first stand up to the hate and terror being spread in this country by Trump and his cronies with alt-right views. Country B4 party!
Your POTUS tweeted a Drudge link and is trying to whip up hysteria.   Your party is nuts.
@realDonaldTrump is't your #POTUS?
But on the environment?  Nah, SCREW 'EM!
It has been many days since you had a Town Hall meeting.  Please stand with us, and look us in the eye, as we ask you questions.
Yet, we have the face of evil and hate in the White House, and the GOP does nothing. And you, with Duterte. Your on the Dark Side, Corey.
How about concentrating on the people who elected you. You represent Colo not the US. We will remember your actions come election time.
I'd love to talk about this, health care, many things. You won't answer the phone you won't have a town hall? How about a town hall?
You saw true evil/hate, met with it, shook hands, talked to it and treated it like an ally. Tell us all about Duterte. #WheresCory #1of50
just when will you stand up for Trump's travel ban? You politicians talk and talk. Do nothing republicans.
Freedom. Want to fight terror? Look in the mirror. 4/
About terror? Fascism? Look no further than ur precious POTUS and yourself. What is happening here is not normal, and it's certainly not 3/
Sir, please host a live town hall so we can talk about these things in person. Your constituents need to hear from you.
Internationally. Do you not see that the more hateful (and incoherent) rhetoric he spews the less safe (not more safe) we r? U r worried 2/
Why do you have time for Duterte but not your constituents? #townhall
With the corruption being exposed in your office, I want to believe that youre above reproach and trusted. Be honorable, truthful & bold.
How about holding a town hall so we can discuss this issue of terror, and about the terror that is sitting in the Oval Office
When will you stand up against an immoral president who callously lashes out at the mayor of a city hit by terrorists?
We just got rid of the amoral president Obama. Support Trump. He actually loves our country. Novel concept to you?
Are you talking about President Trump or the terrorist attacks? I can't tell from your tweet.
Um. POTUS ignores white supremacist terror in the US that has killed veterans this month while continuing to make us a laughing stock 1/
Get your news from some place that tells you truth because you are sadly misinformed.
You should handle trump's Twitter account.
If you don't meet constituents, you don't speak for us. @indivisibleden @indivisiblefrr
He speaks for the ppl who voted for him, not the morons who never will.
Well said Sen. Oh, hey, can we see the face of our Senator soon?
