80206 Gorsuck won Trump's game show and is NOT qualified as SC "apprentice" Vote NO! on confirmation 80206
BOO!
#StolenSeat We want Merrick Garland!
Remember Columbine Vote No on DeVos!
Will he be independent or a @realDonaldTrump mouth piece? #TheResistence
So was Merrick Garland. We shall not forget. You put 'Party' before America. Shame on you.
from what I can see he always favors large corporations over people. #stolenSCOTUSseat
Gorsuch is a fascist. He has some writings proudly saying so. Don't confirm him.
we needed 9 a year ago and you refused to give a hearing to a highly qualified nominee. Unconstitutional!
GOP stole this seat. Where's ur vote 4 Merrick Garland
Absolutely true!! (As long as he was chosen by a republican.)
liar
untrue he us for big business over people
a vote of "no" is the correct vote. Karma.  #commie
you need nine? Maybe you shouldn't have been part of the theft of a seat.
I find it reprehensible-maddening-and abhorrent we have Republicans condoning treason.
Merrick Garland
But it's a stolen seat.  How will you help to heal our divisions?  How do you right this wrong?
YOU ARE FRAUD CALLING US PAID PROTESTERS YAY RIGHT
Gorsuch is not mainstream and is against citizens, the environment and women. Look at his record.  NO on Gorsuch.
Yes, #WeNeedNine. That's why President Obama nominated Merrick Garland. You blocked that.
that's a lie! I strongly oppose Judge Gorsuch's nomination. He is a right wing radical judge. Don't confirm!
Cory Gardner also says DeVos will protect public schools even thought she's already fought to destroy them
Garland should be in the Supreme Court. Shame on you.
If you need 9 you should have given Justice Garland the courtesy of a vote.  You're a liar and a partisan hack.
NO! Gorsuch stands against equality for Women and values corporations over People #MerrickGarland is mainstream
no, my dear Senator, you're thinking of Merrick Garland.
If Judge Gorsuch is a strict constitutionalist then he understands the pick was Obama's and should not accept.
It doesn't matter.  You shouldn't consider him until you first consider Merrick Garland.
Follow the Constitution!
nice that the left is finally interested n the constitution. Might try reading though
straight 2 name calling, at least the left is consistant. Sanctamonios ass would b a good twitter handle. Thanks
- didn't need nine last year...sounds hypocritical to me.
Confirm the rightful nominee, Merrick Garland. #WeNeededNineIn2016 #hypocrisy
Define "mainstream"
mainstream as in supporting  HobbyLobby in refusing to pay for contraception for female employees? #NOTmainstream
Why do you insist on destroying my country? How do you sleep at night?!!!!
I cant wait till the next election. Colorado needs some change it seems.
I do not believe this.   I do not trust him to protect the rights of people.
The laws as written make negroes 3/5 of a person. Are we going back to that too? You're ridiculous.
wrong
where was that hashtag last year?

nice try
Resist this Travesty
riiight... you are so full of BS... the voters are coming for you! #stuckonstupid #Trumponstupid #crook
You will do exactly as you wish, as always. Does the name Merrick Garland ring a bat out of the belfry?
yeah, that whole fascists club thing was just a joke. uh huh.
want some cooperation, #DumpDevos
Steamtrain of angry voters is coming for your seat, Cory. Get with the program. Get with public opinion.
and the difference between him and Merrick Garland was what, again?
and join the fascists club?
Doesn't matter who Trump selects for this STOLEN SEAT. All 'unqualified' and 'illegal' until Garland gets a vote
we do not need an originalist on our Supreme Court. Right wing extremists are as bad as ISIS.
By mainstream jurist you mean to the right of Scalia? #alternativefacts
So was Garland, almost a year ago.
Neither was Merrick Garland.
Garland was NOT confirmed by the Senate! He's OUT!  #ConfirmGorsuch
he only will follow the law the conservative way. Bias is alive and well in the Gop
my husband and I have 60+ years in education. No to DeVos
BS
Then you don't know Gorsuch's history.  He absolutely IS an ideologue spewing his racial crap as late as 2012,
again with the paid protesters Cory? When you lose your re-election hindsight will be 20/20.
Fascist Club forever!  No, he is definitely not an ideologue or an extremist.
thanks for doing your part to destroy the integrity of our institutions!
starting a club called Fascism Forever is totally mainstream, totally...smh
nope
Gorsuch is absolutely an ideologue. Horrid choice. He's a tool of the illegitimate authoritarian president.
Mainstream in your alternate reality 
Same ol' reds, just keep up the illusions.
STOP TRUMP! I live in Colorado and this is not Democracy
You have NO Right to appoint a judge, that was Obama's
Come on, does it matter what the opposition is saying? Lies,Lies and more Lies!
#MerrickGarland We interrupt this commercial for the judge to point out your Duplicitous approach to democracy.
like Merrick Garland would have.
if he is the mold of Anthony Scalia he IS an ideologue and definitely NOT mainstream. Remember Obamacare ruling?
Are these alternative facts?
CORY WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU AND THE REPUBLICAN PARTY TAKE A STAND AGAINST THIS ORANGE CLOWN. BTW I'M NOT PAID
he's a fascist along with Trump's cabinet of deplorables your confirming you have disgrace this country
JUDICIAL DISCRETION ACTIVISM NEEDED ONLY FOR UNDERDEVELOPED
PARTY POLITICS CORRUPTING AMERICAN JUDICIARY
then he WOULDN'T except n allow Obamas  constitutional pick to go forward..IF he was ALL about the constitution?!
Flat out lie.
Judge Gorsuch accepted offer of a stolen seat when R's flouted tradition --seems his "originalism" is situational
Bull crap. He started a Fascists Forever group.
Merrick Garland
We needed nine when Garland was nominated and YOU blocked it. #CountryBeforeParty @TheDemocrats
we can and should do better for our future
he considers himself a "originalist"......which is a very political position that will affect his judgement
Gosuch not an ideologue?  You are either willfully ignorant, or just plain lying.  answer your phones, Senator!
Guess who else fits that description? #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat
But see, GOP trampled the constitution by not even hearing Garland. Who are you people! #Lame
100% agree that's the kind of justice we need. You know who else fit that bill? #MerrickGarland
80011 Did you get my message? NO on DeVos.
LIES
we've been doing fine with eight I've grown to like it.
I just saw a TV ad for "Judge Gorsuch" for #SCOTUS Weird, talk about reality TV !#WeNeedEight
We will not forget how McConnell and republicans treated Garland.
Liar Liar Pants on Fire
That is irrelevant. The Senate refused a legitimately elected President's nomination; NO one else until Garland.
He's being compared to Scalia. #Nyet
If he does then you guys should be worried. 
Stolen seat
and the GOP is full of nice mainstream people that wants what's best for America.  Lol.  We both have jokes.
Where's he stand on church and state? Can he remind you guys that you can't make Christians preferred?
he's a right wing nutjob who started a "Fascism Forever" club.
if that's the case then why no #MerrickGarland ?
Why didn't Garland get this same level of respect?  #hypocrisy I can't wait for you to lose in 2020
@MarianneGiesle1 @SenateGOP @SenCoryGardner don't wait, speak out, and then vote (but don't let up the pressure).
you violated the Constitution, made rules up. Merrick Garland for the seat.
he's a white supremacist racist!
he is a "fascist forever." now try to spin that, you opportunistic cynical #GOPCoward. The people will remember.
Mainstream judges do not start "Fascism forever" clubs
BTW, Cory, NONE of us are getting paid to try and get YOU to do YOUR job of properly vetting these nominees!
,,,,the only way to stand up against future abuses is to insist that there will be no reward for abuses.
E.J. Dionne Jr.
stolen seat. Rules work for all of us. You are making more enemies than friends #imnotpaid 80023
Funny, you didn't think we needed nine, 50 weeks ago.

#turnaboutisfairplay
So would Merrick Garland
the demographics in your state have changed senator. Take note and start voting like you want to be reelected
Merrick Garland!!!!
quite a few butt hurt lefties here. Too bad they have no clue they've already lost...again
yeah...you should all be ashamed of yourselves. We are not going to stand for this anymore #notmyrepublicanparty
I agree 100%! You know who is an ideologue? Betsy DeVos! #NoDeVos #RuralED #ColoradoProud
Gorsuch is an illegitimate candidate for a seat that belongs to Merrick Garland. Needed nine since 3/26/16. @SenCoryGardner
You all owe Merrick Garland a personal apology!
this mainstream u speak of u living 1950
He's mainstream in the bizarre parallel Republican universe, perhaps!
not true. You know this...
no. Gorsuch would impede the equality reached in this nation and is not a judge who sees our nation as it is.
we need 9? Really? What you and your colleagues did with the Supreme Court pick is shameful. Im your constituent
BoooooooooooBoooo
#StolenSeat
For you,  the moon is made of green cheese. For the rest of us - facts count.
...haha..the meltdown is fantastic. .like Christmas everyday..MAGA
We needed 9 when Obama, a REAL president, nominated #MerrickGarland. #StolenSeat
no murky water! Murky jury b junkies! Over turn it back state back to federal. B out! Rochford. Sign trustee. No
give to i like told too . Marsh put all on public record. Kept originals. "No" no proof of delivery! Key wise
are you trying to convince yourself.  His history is out there --google.
we needed nine for the past ten months that y'all refused to let us have nine
he'sa right wing fascist by his own admission
You should have held hearing on Garland if you think we need nine. #RepublicanLies #hypocrisy #2018isComing
religious  who does not understand science wrote book about medicine but no medical school
His history/actions say otherwise.
ur truly deluded. Gorush is as mainstream as Hitler. ur constituents arent being pd to complain abt ur stance.
Yes Merick Garland, No Betsy DeVos
Hello Cory Gardner - FYI - I am an American and I am e-mailing and calling senators.
 No One is paying me.
The same is true of Merrick Garland.  The Republicans weren't  always in favor of #WeNeedNine on the #SCOTUS!
More LIES. You guys must have plastic surgeons on retainer. #Nose6ftLong
 like POTUS say anythg then do opposite GOP
good thing earl warren wasn't an ideologue, that whole overturning plessy v. Ferguson was terrible. Right?
People are not being paid to call you.  Start representing your people.
@MarianneGiesle1 Really, @SenateGOP @SenCoryGardner , this is politics, this is the Constitution. Into THIS is what you signed.
#weneednine Really?!? Didn't we need 9 a year ago??
Merrick Garland.
you know this is bollocks.  And the senator should answer his office phone.  #whyhidefromcolorado
do you honestly believe we will forget #MerrickGarland ? Karma - and voters- are coming for you
like they did this time?
Yep! And I'm a Chinese jet pilot.
Not leaving your LGBTQ constituents feelin' it. Corporations over individuals?
We needed 9 last year.  Gop refused to do their job! #Obstructionist
Refusing to advise & consent or even hold a meeting?
I'm concerned about his stance on Roe v. Wade and women's equality, these are things women need.
Keep it up Cory! #MAGA Judge Gorsuch will keep the leftist snowflakes from destroying America.
Merrick. Garland. You could have nominated Morgan freeman as god and we would not want him. It's about Merrick.
he's status quo. Scalia Jr. Not what America wants. Need to up your game or @TheDemocrats will crush you in 2018!
that man is a facist...so when the facist run all the representative government out of office ..will you be happy
NO. NO. and, of course, HELL NO.
confirm #MerrickGarland and then we'll talk about your boy.
you aren't the one making he choices!
" Fascism Forever."  Enough said.
except that it's a lie
Proof?
the burden of proof is on the person making the allegation
VOTE NO ON DEVOS
Then you should have put in #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat
...too bad. ..u snooze u loose..
incredibly false. #hypocrisy
He is a far right religious zealot who will use the courts to break our country!
he could be the Almighty it doesn't matter. It's no. Again paybacks are not nice. Remember Garland.
Keep telling yourselves that he's a great guy and maybe you'll brainwash yourself to believe it!
He is a xtian #nazi and typical of the disregard that the @SenateGOP has for America and Americans. @SenCoryGardner
Merrick Garland.
