My ancestors who fought would b astounded how oblivious u & ur party are to the plight of ur fellow citizens. Ur not leading. #trumpcare
My question would be, what is the solution?
Acknowledge that health care is a right & we have to get $ out of politics so pols do what we want & not what billionaire donors want.
It's not a right however, so that solution kinda falls flat on it's face. You can't make something a right that isn't
We can if we elect more pols who believe that. Majority of Americans believe it. Ppl are ahead of congress as usual. Pols like Cory must go.
Yeah but what I'm saying is that it factually isn't a right. That's why we have a constitution. And healthcare isn't listed as a right for a
Reason. So id say that people believing it's a right doesn't make it a right, anymore than people believing the earth was flat didn't make
It flat
That's nice. You are still an absolute coward for not holding in-person town halls with constituents. WHERE ARE YOU, CORY?!?!?
4th of July has NOTHING to do with the military. But braindeads like @SenCoryGardner attach their lips to a soldier's ass to seem patriotic
Do your job. No one benefits from your party's disaster of a healthcare bill
And those that dodge their constituents because they know their votes are not in the best interests of our country.
This Cold War Vet asks when his Senator is going to  stand up to the traitor in the WH? tick tick tick ...

Thanks for the thought. A town hall would be better!!! #TownHall we have so much to talk about like legislation that will kill constituents
You are a real BS artist. Make no mistake - the more intelligent constituents see right through you!
50% of veterans don't get care thru the VA -- many get it via the ACA. Cutting Medicaid hurts our vets. #VoteNoBCRA
.@SenCoryGardner #July4th would be perfect date for patriotic announcement you will #VoteNoBCRA to support healthcare for veterans (& kids!)
Don't patronize us Vets...words and deeds must match. Vote NO on the repeal and replace of the ACA. The GOP plan is crap and you know it.
Or what about thanking them by not arresting them when they come to your offices.
Will not ask the absurd question, "Will you support the welfare of your constituents?"
Silly us. Think "next election"!!!
We note u r not one of the 4 @GOP senators visiting 4th of July events - we know you're hiding!
"Now watch me take the medical insurance from their friends and family, those they really fought for". #hypocrite #tool
Thank you @SenCoryGardner for your public service to all of Colorado and the nation #copolitics #cosen #FourthOfJuly
To bad he isn’t doing public service. He ignores his constituents. 32000 votes is all he won by. This behavior won’t gain reelection
Too bad you'll be stealing their health care!  Female Vets use Planned Parenthood
Vote NO ahca.. you will be doing the people a world of good
Hey how about thanking them by not taking their medical insurance away?
Freedom??! Are you kidding??? You do not stand for freedom!!' You are supporting an authoritarian, wanna-be-dicktator
#july4th #VoteNoBRCA or we'll overthrow you too!
Or even better, how about thanking them by resigning? That would be the best gift
@SenCoryGardner Let's make sure to protect their healthcare. #justsayno to #AHCA.
No to TRUMPs "Beautiful Healthcare" HE dosent even know what it is!! What is up with him. Vote NO
So you're thanking our veterans by taking away their health care? Classy

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
#CountryB4Party #SaveACA Be a leader, not a schill for the 1%.
and adhering to his policies EVEN to the detriment of YOUR constituents!
Too bad you don't care at all in reality. Nor do you care about the disabled protesters you had dragged. You don't seriously care about vets
"So just stand by and do nothing while my party fucks them, and you, out of your health insurance."
You are a disappointment to us all
Can you be brave too?  Stand up for Colorado and the USA - Support ACA. No to trumpcare
You're a bummer.
Just thought I had to clarify for a person that don't word too good
Used Cars, that's all I hear from this guy.
I think you're getting Memorial & Veterans Day mixed up with the 4th. Today we celebrate our independence forged by Progressive leaders.

#Amen and God Bless America
#OneTermSenator
What bunker are you hiding in coward Cory?!
Sir, thank you for the kind words. Would absolutely love to talk to you somewhere about the state of soldiers healthcare. #Daily
How cowardly are you not to meet with your costituents, and have disabled people in your office arrested.  Resign now coward!
You are a jerk and we will vote you put in 2020 and the Denver Post will never ever endorse you again.
Freedom from tyranny and politicians that hide from their constituents?
“Patriotism means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by  the president or any other public official…” —Theodore Roosevelt
I fought for my fellow Marines, not for political hacks like you and Trump.
Don't you think the men and women deserve to meet with you? Don't be a hypocrite.
Thought you were gonna be in the Denver parade today!?!? What up coward?
If you mean that:
@coloradogov you say that while you sell #Colorado & it's people to the highest bidder!  SHAME on CO
Your time in the office will come to end with our next votes!
Yes and thank you to our Congressional Representatives that abide by their sworn oaths of office to uphold the Const. Not you Cory.
How about an All-American Town Hall in Colorado?

Or a Russian-Republican phone-in town hall from Moscow?
We declared our independence from "mad" King George III who exhibited many of the same traits that 45 does. How will you honor & defend ?
#WeWillReplaceYou
Today is not Veteran's Day - today is celebration of our Constitution and Constitutional rights! Bravery is found in taking an ethical stand
Something you would not know anything about when it comes to healthcare. Easier to take from the weak and bend your knee to Trump.
The President is not above any office, and yet you behave in an obsequious way whenever Trump speaks! The President is supposed to OBEY US.
The majority of America has spoken - FIX the ACA; do NOT repeal & replace w/a tax break plan for the rich that passes for Repub healthcare.
They stood in the front line, many came home injured, and you will be taking away their health care. NO on Trumpcare-our vets deserve better
You're a disgrace to those men and women. Remember who you work for!
Do you understand this isn't a holiday for Veterans? This is about ALL Americans, and you are leaving many behind with your partisanship.
"Thanks vets, but now we're going to take away your health care." -@SenCoryGardner
What are you doing to help anyone but rich white people like yourself ?
Too bad so many constituents are too worried and too sick due to impending lack of health care no affordable housing. Homeless vets
@SenCoryGardner Medicaid currently covers nearly 1.8 million American veterans. #voteNO #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
Is this your substitute for a town hall?
men in uniform fought for the constitution- waiting for congress to step up #ImpeachTrump
You feel no pressure to meet with constituents because you're not up for reelection until 2020, but you're not safe we will remember.

another insipid tweet that's tone deaf to how it relates to trump/gardner agenda. REAL TOWN HALL! at red rocks.
No on health care that takes away care from these very people you purport to thank.
Stand with our President. Repeal Obamacare and get tax reform done. No vaca until it's done.
Where are you, @SenCoryGardner? Every one of your offices last week said they didn't have your schedule for this week. How bout a #TownHall?
If you really want to thank Vets, vote NO on BCRA! Taking away their healthcare to give tax breaks to the wealthy is not helpful!
Happy Fourth of July & hopefully you will go back to work & vote to ensure good healthcare for all citizens & then come home to town halls
It's hard to celebrate when we feel like we are just days away from losing our health security! Shameful for the richest nation.
Gardner=Trump
570K Coloradans will lose insurance under your death bill. How patriotic of you.
We the People...
establish Justice,
insure..Tranquility,
provide for...defence,
promote the general Welfare, 

(Health Care=General Welfare)
vote against the obamacare repeal bill please
I wish you were actually concerned with the freedoms you mention. "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal."
You dishonor them everyday w/ your support of tRump.
When will you meet with your constituents? You remain an embarrassment to the people of #Colorado.
You can't have your constituents arrested one day and praise democracy the next. You're an awful defender of the Constitution.

"front lines of freedom"=1st amendment, free speech, free press, civil disobedience. Respect people not military contracts. #gop #hypocrisy
That's nice... Vote no on Trump care.
Thank you Senator, for your service to the People of our State, and your dedication to our Nation
Happy #FourthOfJuly
Happy #FourthOfJuly & thank you to the men and women who have stood on the front lines of freedom to give us this great day. 
I stand on the front lines of freedom when I attend protests and rallies. #unpaidprotester #patriot
Soft Cory Gardner will tweet but he's too weak to meet the people he represents. You'll get his vote if you pay him.
Deliver your message in person at a public town hall. We would love to see your face.
Where's Cory following the Pres around like a sheep? You can't vote no on healthcare can you? No guts!
I'm done asking for you to do your job and meet with us, it's clear that you won't. Please just resign. We need representation now.
It's Independence Day, not Veteran's Day, you tool.
Like the ADAPT folks did? #ADAPTandRESIST
Uh-huh! unalienable Rights Life, Liberty, pursuit of Happiness but forget health care cause we're an every-man-for-himself GOP
Just like Pres, u thank true patriots, then stab them in the back when they need ur support most. You laud patriotism, but hide from them.
You honor them, but have no honor yourself. Your "public service" is cheating them out of healthcare$ & taking $ from K Bros. Not patriotic
COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD Trump's bitch COWARD COWARD COWARD COWARD
OMG the haters are out in force.
Hiding a few seats away from Trump. Won't say whether you will be taking away Healthcare for 1/2M vets on Medicaid. You are morally bankrupt
Happy 4th to you also. Hope we still have health care next year this time. Please vote against #heartless TrumpCare.
Yes. & my grandpa didn't fly missions over Germany so that someone like you could support a President who violates the constitution everyday
Your staffer in Pueblo tells me you're standing up for #Medicaid but where's the proof?
Those men and women really appreciate you selling out to an Orange Fascist/Russian Agent in the White House
Where are you today, Cory?
Thank you #ADAPTandRESIST, for standing at the front lines of freedom. #NoBCRA #SaveMedicaid
Happy 4th to all as we stand against Trump's tyranny and his repressive and arbitrarily cruel regime.
Happy 4th to you too. 2020
Yeah, Happy 4th to the vets who are getting their healthcare cut because you think rich people need a tax cut.
Empty words, Senator.  You would take away their health care and benefits such as SNAP  that feeds their children.
You're a one- termer.  Think you're being clever by calling Trump's craziness 'inappropriate', then continue being a sycophant. Not working.
They show up to their jobs, unlike Cowardly Cory.
And after we're done celebrating, you'll take their health insurance away. Tell your constituents the truth. #BCRA
You are coward, lucky for you veterans are not picky about who deserves to enjoy the freedoms they defend with dignity and honor. GFY!
The troops and vets in America will hate you for what you're doing to our healthcare. Shame on you, hypocrite.
When will you meet with your constituents? Why are you planning to vote for a bill that hurts the people you claim to respect?
Harder to be happy when terrified you of losing health insurance.  Will you protect 400,000 Coloradans on Medicaid expansion?
Vets aren't props to pull out for show-it is thru deed of action to protect them & citizens #trumpWealthCare vote NO!
 We don't believe a word you say Stop IGNORING CO voters We don't want #BRCA! We don't want a 45 crony Stop working in secret #81212
You're a coward who's helping really screw up things big time in Washington. Then you come home and hide from the people who voted you in.
Our republic was founded for elected officials to represent the people. Cory, your style of governance would leave our founders ashamed.
Stop stealing the citizens rights voter info  and healthcare
What citizens rights, exactly, are being taken away? By all means let's hear the libtardos argument.
Veterans would feel a lot more appreciated if you wouldn't steal their health care and other benefits.
Your party is attempting to throw Veterans under the bus with the healthcare bill. Why don't you stand up for CO Vets?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
Do the right thing. Country before party. Impeach.
Happy 4th to you.  Please let this day remind you to put country and Colorado first, not party.  Have courage.  Face your people. 
This week you'll vote to remove their healthcare. Many will die. So will children. You are no patriot.
The brave men and women who fought for this country for our freedoms as you should fight for them to keep their Healthcare!
Happy 4th. Now DO YOUR JOB!
Happy 4th
honor our legacy
ALL men created equal
Religious freedom
The right to vote
& later women's rights
No gerrymandering to lose this
Hey, maybe you can give that 150k you took from insurance and big pharma and help out those veterans medical care. #CrookedCory
Oh the same vets you are helping to rip healthcare away from? Didn't care much when you were drafting that part of #Deathcare did you?
...while specifically adding to the bill to keep Obamacare benefits for yourselves...yep, feeling the love Senator.
Hypocrite ! You Love past and present veterans on this day- but not enough to actually repay their sacrifices by actually representing them
Oh Cory, what about the fact that people with disabilities in nursing homes and institutions have little freedom? #ADAPTandResist
Thank you to those men and women. Real Q is: will you stand on front lines to defend millions that Trump wants 2 uninsure?
You're allowed two hot dogs and some potato salad. Then its back to work.
"Back" to work implies he's been working at all. Maybe he should tell us about it at a #TownHall
Too bad you can't be upstanding like them. They face down bullets and bombs and you are afraid the ppl you are supposed to represent.
Coooooorrrrrryyyyyy, are you going to choose the people of Colorado, or the sorry party you are affiliated with???????
Any more trolls???? Anyone????
"I look forward to hold no town halls, ignoring my constituents, and voting to take away your healthcare like Mr. Trump tells me to."
Thank you and please keep in mind your 60+ constituents when you vote.
And do you know how many of those men and women you will rip healthcare from?
Why don't you stand on the front lines and DO YOUR JOB FOR COLORADO?! Where/when is your next town hall, Cory?
In 
3... 
2 ... 
1 ...
BOOM! 

How's that ducking out on your constituents working for you? 
Lies
Koch's
Silence
More Lies
Arrests
Ignorance
Hiding
Skulking
They all show a lot of bravery, unlike a certain senator who refuses to meet his constituents...
