is your career light blinking?  Traitor
imagine if the Senate would have honored the process say 8 months ago. Merrick Garland? Amnesia 4 tRump admin, or dementia?
Regretting voting for you every day. Never again. Where is your condemnation of #Russia #collusion? Where is your integrity?
1,500 of us waited for you at Buyers JH. You could have made a lot of new friends. You blew us off, just like you are now.
#StopGorsuch who has characteristics of #Fascist or be known for suppressing #Democracy on election day!
#Gorsuch admitted he was a #Fascist in college rulings since favor corporate control at expense of majority! http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/02/propaganda-campaign-for-fascism-in.html … 
Gorsuch should not be having a hearing, not before Garland.
Obama said knock you out - LLCoolG
not answering calls, no town halls, no balls, not representing Cols.  No reelection if u use the nuclear option.
Thank you for supporting Judge Gorsuch #confirmgorsuch
You are Donald Trump as far as the voters are concerned. Suck on the tit of oil and gas!
MERRICK GARLAND
#confirmingGorsuchmeansthisisyourlastterm
#FollowTheMoney, Gorsuch is a PAID MAN with no ethics. What is this country coming to?
the ship is slowly sinking. #trumprussia
Hi! I live in Colorado. Love it! Vote no on Gorsuch please. Thanks!
Shouldn't you be actually actively doing something for CO. Get off your rubberstamp butt. You're a watcher Cory. A follower.
80134 says NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Do not vote for this man simply because you want to please Trumputin! Don't give your vote to that corrupt administration!
You've tied yourself to a corrupt administration. Town Hall now! Your constituents have a few things to discuss.
Reps rule is that POTUS can't appoint someone in a campaign year. #45 is campaigning for Pres. 2020. We must wait
Russian puppets should not get to pick justices. #StolenSeat #MerrickGarland No wonder 45 lies & cheats, he's a repub
it's time to confirm #Gorsuch he's shown he's worthy
extremely disappointed with you're disconnect   With your Colorado constituency that like to do. Scared of a town meeting?

BRAND NEW: Tool for Thursday's vote

Want to see how many lose coverage by Congressional district? (Example: Dent)

…
you cannot proceed. #illegitimatepresident
vote yes and you will lose next election
you helped rob Garland of that seat. You will carry that shame with you. We will remember your duplicity in '20. #shameful
do not want Gorsuch. This president will hopefully be impeached. Should not be able to make a lifetime decision. #NoGorsuch
Sitting on the floor?
I hope you have something more imp than to tweet during that meeting. You couldn't even hold a Townhall when you were here.
Lifetime court appointments need to wait until FBI determines if this President should be president. Russia/Trump collusion?
"We the people" will remember your silent complacency during this treasonous administration. 
A yes vote for Gorsuch is a no vote for you
NO VOTE ON GORSUCH SEN NOT FIT TO SERVE. YOUR POLITICAL LIFE DEPENDS ON IT .
you are a disappointment to the state you represent. -non paid, taxpaying native Coloradan from 80112
You mispelled Garland btw. #ConfirmGarland. Gorsuch should be ashamed of himself. Says a lot about his thirst for power
Why can't your boy have an opinion on your comrade Steve King's racism? Do you have one or you gonna "gosh golly" w/ BS 2?
town hall, coward
please don't confirm Judge Gorsuch.
His record shows a radical activism. 
This administration is compromised.
an administration that is under FBI investigation for TREASON should not be allowed to nominate anyone to the SCOTUS!!!!!
No confirmations as long as this administration is under FBI investigation!
You are a coward, sir. No new SCOTUS until #TrumpRussia investigation concludes. I vote and I remember.
Russia doesn't  get to pick our Supreme Court justice!
Any word on the live town hall. Much appreciated if you could find the time.
too bad we don't get the same shot of an in person town hall?
No. His name isn't Merrick Garland. So no. Do not confirm.
: No to Gorsuch. The credibility of the Administration has evaporated. Don't let your career go down with it. Stand up!
I'm o CO voter 80209 and want you to vote NO on Gorsuch. Terrible for women, good for corporations only!
Merrick Garland needs a hearing first.  #stolenseat. You have been a  #partisanobstuctionist
is this where you will excuse him and have the hearings for the correct appointee which was Garland?
what about his record against women? How is he a good choice for Colorado!
I'd like to share a photo from a gardener town hall... oh wait you're still hiding. #chickenshitgardner
No on Gorsuch!
No on Gorsuch
you are supposed to vet Gorsuch, not rubber stamp the process
Gardner, you do not represent the people of Colorado
Where is Garlands hearing?
#CoPolitics  Delay vote for #SCOTUS until #Trump is cleared of #Emoluments violations and or #Treason w/ #Russia Or VOTE NO!
In blatant disregard for the Constitution so called judge begins to weasel into promotion to carry out trumps agenda. Sad.
what happened to Garland?
Just another person that does not agree to the wishes of Colorado. To die with dignity should not be for pets only.
Not his seat to fill.  I hope you're planning to vote no.

#StopGorsuch  says it all. Not that you will listen. CO 80228 #gone2020
do not confirm him. Judge Garland or no one
.@SenCoryGardner Did you view him saying women defraud companies by taking maternity leave & not returning to work? #NoOnGorsuch
you need to be swept out in 2020. You stand for a broken system.  #UnseatCoryGardner 80203
Is Comey slow walking the Russia investigation to give Trump time to reshape SCOTUS before impeachment?
@Alba_Dawn @SenCoryGardner Bingo! And to give himself time to make up negative, but not conclusive, alternative results.
no confirmation while an active investigation is going on for a seat that is for life and appointed by a corrupt admin
#GarlandNotGorsuch #80111
: Children of Canadians who have cystic fibrosis live a decade longer than their U.S. counterparts. Single Payer in Canada.
Wouldn't it have been more effective for Gorsuch to appear by telephone as you choose to do with your town hall "meetings?"
well since you vote with trump 100%, no surprise you will support this guy who thinks pregnancy is a scam.
I'm just curious if he will ever listen to his constituents #nothopeful
Given FBI is probing DJT-Russia contacts, pause all admin action until we figure out what is going on?
Given FBI probing DJT-Russia contacts, ask pause all admin action until we figure out what going on?
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns. Stay focused.
@realDonaldTrump campaign is under investigation by the FBI. Please share your opinions about this with your constituents.
 @SenCoryGardner
@RepDLamborn @realDonaldTrump Garland should be on the Court This nomination was stolen by Republicans Delay Resist #impeach
your guilt in the downfall of our democracy is well documented Senator. History will show you as a cowardly man.
dude you're so corrupt and serve the GOP not Colorado. I can't wait to see you defeated at the ballot box.
scared me to death till I realized just sworn in to testify.
STOLEN SEAT. So much dirt in Republican politics.
This Colorado voter wants no confirmation until Russia investigation complete. Election may have been illegitimate. #2020
you work for the citizens of Colorado and we in the Majority want you to vote NO on Gorsuch confirmation.
#adiosIN18 #adiosIN20
#shame
#stolenseat #unamerican #unconstitutional shame on you
OATHBREAKER!  May you be forever reviled for your disgusting disregard of your sworn duty!
how can you vote for him when the man who nominated gorsuch is being investigated by the FBI?
So, you don't care at all about your constituents' concerns? Interesting strategy. Looking forward to your next campaign.
No supreme court confirmations in the last year of a presidency.  Precedent must be observed!!!!
would have been nice if the GOP gave Merrick Garland and President Obama the same level of respect that they are wanting.
this administration only cares about the rich and corporations. 
Your silence on @realDonaldTrump collusion with Russia and allowing him to constantly lie w/o consequence shows u don't care
#NotoGorsuch
and silence on 45's daily lies. You are complicit with this corrupt admin. This stolen seat is a mockery of our govt.
Nothing about how GOP has disgraced itself & America, lost all ideals of true conservatism? Just parroting your party line?
Stop ALL Life Long Confirmations until FBI Russia investigation is complete. A Constitutional Crisis maybe coming.
please dont
I hope you're planning on making a statement on today's hearings about #Russia involvement in exec branch.
no life term posturing confirmations while the administration is under FBI investigation!
#StopGorsuch He implied women manipulate companies starting in the interview stage 2 extract maternity benefits.
#resist
so by hash tagging you've  made up your mind about Gorsuch before hearing starts? Nice. #corycanbebought. #unpaid. 80210.
this is a STOLEN Supreme Court pick. It belongs to Obama. This is sickening and unconstitutional
Be nice if your view was a room full of concerned constituents. @POTUS demonstrates daily mass corruption. @SenCoryGardner does nothing.
.@SenCoryGardner Trump shouldn't be making a SCOTUS appointment in his last year as President. #gorsuch

No confirmations of Supreme Court nominations while the administration is under investigation by the FBI!
That would have been his mother's view, when she was cited for contempt.  But she resigned first.  What a mess she left.
no confirmations during investigation into Russian influence...stand up for your people. This man would help destroy americs
#HaltGorsuch. This admin is under investigation OFFICIALLY. The Russians don't get to pick a guy who picks a guy FOR LIFE!
what do the Russians have to do with Gorsuch?
please this man only cares about corporations
No confirmations of appointments from an administration that is under an FBI investigation!
