A jet passed within 10 minutes of where the North Korean missile test landed, official says. @MarthaRaddatz reports. http://abcn.ws/2f5Kzrl  
You have lost your credibility. I wish you did want to protect Colorado and Coloradans, but you have let us down too many times. Cory who?
Tough guy Cory. Nobody's buying it. You personally are soft and weak. Leave the posturing to somebody who can pull it off. It's not you.
3 dangerous countries, NKorea (nukes), Russia (owning our country), US killing our poor with no healthcare and 45 colluding, threatening
What, like first-strike military action? Are you sure you're not just covering for your Russian puppet of a Pres, Sen? How about diplomacy?
Cory has to go.He's a minion of the GOP
Cory, address your constituents concerns, or are you the coward we think you are?
Your ability to state the obvious is impressive. Your inability to speak to problems facing your constituents is pathetic.
Trump's recklessness must be stopped - all responsible nations should unite and take immediate action to stop empowering the regime.
#ImpeachTrumpNow and I guarantee the situation will improve. Why do you think N Korea is pulling this crap? WH is a joke
Way to tell him Cory!! Do you ever visit Colorado? It's a nice place. They even have flights from D.C. to Denver.  You might like it.
Cory please attend your town halls. Very disrespectful to your base if you plan on reelection!
All responsible Senators should stop trying to throw Coloradans off their health insurance.
Dude, he is inept.
Your recklessness with healthcare needs to be stopped. Just be quiet and resign. Your not going to be re-elected. So stop.
Gardner isn't that bad.  Bennett needs to go.  He is a pure socialist.  America First!
Diplomacy please
Talk to your President @SenCoryGardner
You are so far out of your depth. Get the real leaders on it. This isn't a paper tiger or a windmill your tilting at. Resign.
Playing tough guy doesn't suit you when we know you don't even have the balls to face your constituents at a town hall.
Saying it has zero effect, what actions you taking!?
Edit: replace Kim Jong-un with Trump
Says the guy that won't face his constituents
You think anyone takes these "statements" of yours seriously?
So why don't you tweet Potus to sign the sanctions bill????
Let's concentrate on stopping the wanna-be regime right here first, shall we? Your pumpkin pal is just jealous of Kim's power..
What are YOU talking about. Trumps last game of golf he got 14 hole in ones. Trump invented, yes invented the hot-dog. Jealous? I think NOT!
Blah blah blah. Such a BOLD STATEMENT, Cory! FIX THE #ACA!!
Brenda the only way to fix the ACA is either let it die or fully repeal it.  Government out of healthcare
Trump needs to be dealt with and so does NK...great!....we are doomed! #bravorepublicans #youreallyscrewedtheworld
Support President Trump.
Personally, if I were President of the US I would ignore Lil Kim.  Sword rattling.  All bark.  He won't do anything.
What about health care
Your cowardice needs to be stopped Cory
Are you pressuring @realDonaldTrump to sign the sanctions bill? There's a good start.
Donald Trump's recklessness must be stopped.
We used to be one of those.
Comrade Trumpfs Incompetence Must Be Stopped!
#ImpeachTrump
Said the Senator who callously voted to prevent his poorest constituents from having health insurance.
Do you really want to stop recklessness, Cory? Then take immediate action and stop empowering Trump. He is a much bigger threat than N Korea
Your first priority should be getting rid of the traitorous Trumpshit regime
How about that guy who calls the white house trash, he needs to be stopped too. We need respect and dignity, not an emotional toddler.
"recklessness"!?! Projecting much? #republicons want war to silence their critics and sell more weapons. #cronyCapitalism #gop #CO #waterboy
Recklessness? We invaded a country based on lies.  Over a decade later how does the middle east look?
Stopping a madman's recklessness? Why go to N Korea?
Where's Cory
Speaking of reckless, did you check with the Koch bros to see what your position on NK is like you do on healthcare and the environment?
Well that would exclude us. We have trump, and there's nothing responsible about or around him! And you're hiding. We're screwed!
If reckless leaders with access to nuclear codes is a concern for you, I've got some bad news about the dude you're supporting back home.
Good thing we don't have a reckless leader. MAGA!!
Cultivate your own garden #voltaire #candide
Trump's recklessness should be stopped.  Why don't you do something about him and his traitorous family?
Why the obsession with N Korea? It can't be a distraction from your complete sociopathic vote on health care? Come on Coward Cory, TOWNHALL
Riddle me this: how is this divided nation able to come together when our own state of CO. can't even get a town hall with our Senator?
i guarantee more of your constituents feel YOU should be stopped before we worrying about anyone else...
#SinglePayerNow
oh GFY
Yes, but sanctions don't seem to be working. It's time for the administration to try talking to the regime.
just like the 7 countries we are already bombing...?
you love the power, and when you get voted out of office you'll have no consequences
It's always our kids&  brothers sisters out mom & dad's our Nieces &nephews that has to fight afgan.gulf Vietnam and many more false flags
What about your recklessness of kissing the ass of a traitor & trying to screw hundreds of thousands of Coloradans out of their healthcare?
I agree but Due-diligence needs to b done and brought the US let us have input were there's no false flag or Bush Wild goose chase for icbm
We need to be a responsible nation. Trump needs to be removed along with yourself. Now THAT'S responsibility.
Ten minutes by a rocket traveling at thousands doesn't seem like much. Just sayin
What's your beef with Kim Cory? You two have a lot in common! Small stature...stupid hair...oh and Kim doesn't hold town halls either!
Stop watching the news my friend. We have your back.
2020
Would you republicans stop trying to get us in another war and do what you campaigned on: REPEAL O-Care and bring back free market ins.!
If no other nations, other than Japan, step up, we must build up missle defenses FAST.
If S.Korea gets stubborn, bring our troops home. =WAR
With a proven liar in charge is it fair to include USA in group of "responsible nations"?
Action...such as?
You are a weak dude
Cory, get with the program and try to keep up. Sec Mattis is calling for diplomacy
You deflection to NK is almost as embarrassing as @realDonaldTrump deflecting to electoral college and Hillary e-mails.
While DPRK is a legitimate threat, there are issues closer to home that require your attention. You should have an in-person town hall . . .
. . . so your constituents can tell you the pressing issues that are concerning them; like fixing the ACA rather than repealing it.
You should be demanding kicking thousands of Coloradoans off their health insurance shouldn't you?  #MAGA
We can thank Mark Uterus for that.
Not sure who that is. LOL.
Mark Udall.
Just sayin.
Let's not forget the 250,000-plus who lost HCI because of Obamacare. Just saying.
And yet the uninsured rates plummeted.
Because taxpayers are paying the bill via higher taxes AND higher ins costs. Double screw job.
Yes, stop people like him who do radical things w/o out taking other into consideration. Kinda like @GOP & you trying to take our HC. SAD
Do you really think Trump is capable of dealing with this. 

One side of the White House is caving to N Korea 
the other is threatening
You do know Russia is doing war games w- 5x the troops allowed by treaty

China and Russia are doing joint military operations
WH nothing
@ABCWorldNews @MarthaRaddatz Good luck with that nations are too afraid
Did you just call for the world to rise up against N Korea?
While I agree, the same should be said about Trump!
