Such a quality, stand up guy you are  When @realDonaldTrump says jump Cory says how high #notmysenator #wheresmytownhall
but you avoid talking to your constituents
Please stay there...and bring your family. Perfect fit.
Instead why not speak to your constituents.  5 people arrested in colo spgs office today asking for a town hall meeting. Shame! #wherescory
He wants to run for President in 2020
Now that you're done w/matters in China, can we have a Town Hall??
Arrested Citizens have been IMPLORING for months!
You work for Colorado
You guys don't want to talk about the facts. You just want someone to yell your talking points to. This health care act is gonna happen.
We love to talk facts!  What is the goal of repeal?  Too much healthcare for poor?  What is your ideal "vision" - survival of fittest?
I'll friend you and we can have a great debate on Colorado health care. If that will work for you
Why aren't you in CO meeting with your constituents????
How was the stealth group of 13?  Good career experience?  @denverpost @9NEWS @DenverChannel
Says the man who locked every Democrat and all but 13 Republicans out of the room while plotting to delete 22 million people's healthcare. https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/887315595682881537 …
Cory Gardner has 11% approval rating, because he won't have a Town Hall for CO Springs citizens worried abt their health!
Shameful.
Because COLORADO is landlocked and it's citizens risk losing Healthcare under Trump's worthless administration!
Get back to work, HERE!
Speak at your first ever LIVE, IN PERSON town hall. Why won't you meet us face to face? What are you afraid of? Ashamed of your votes? SHLDB
@CSIS is Nat. Security think tank--will you be talking about how to protect CO elections from Russian hacking? Let us know in next #townhall
I don't think your constituents really care about this. Again...every single post on here or FB has a bragging tone and "Hey, look at me!" 
Meanwhile back at your office in Colorado Springs you are having your constituents arrested for asking for a town hall
What is your desired future-state Dolly?  Back to insurance CO ripoff's with lifetime gaps, limited coverage?  What do you think is right?
Other countries pay 1/2 what we do.  I got a lot of insight from @therealtrreid book - check it out:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Healing_of_America …
No healthcare mention? Mr. Gardner, Republicans have said they would repeal ObamaCare since it passed. It's been 7 years. Do your job!
Talk to the people who voted for you, stop by and speak with us. Stop being evasive and be real. Learn from experienced Senators like Bernie
Saw your fake outrage on @9NEWS this morning. Dems are celebrating the death of one of the worst bills ever written. That's not "spiking" 1/
... the football, that's celebrating the fact that our fellow Americans continue to have access to the healthcare they so badly need.
Are you going to vote to repeal Obamacare
You are so awful. Speak to and LISTEN to your constituents so you can represent them! Get off your int'l escape tour! Hindsight is #2020
Repeal Obamacare!!!! That is why we voted for you.  Republicans do your job!!!
You are embarrassing Colorado as much as Tr*** is embarrassing the US.
Seriously CG is a major letdown to Colorado and to Democracy.  We demand engagement and discourse!  @senbennetCO
Well too bad Mr Gardner will never bow to the demands of the citizens he is supposed to be protecting and working for. #CORYSUCKS

I was happy to be one of those spiking the ball today, Senator.
Cor Gardner standing beside McConnell at press conference today but not a peep about trumpcare's giant fail. #Where'sCory??
Are you ever going to do anything to actually help Colorado, though? Or just keep being an inconsequential puppet for the Trump admin?
That is being too kind, Trevor!  Cory is acting more like an inadvertent puppet to Trump admin and #KochBros.  Cory ENGAGE with DEMOCRACY
I'm waiting for the 1st GOP rep of any kind to just throw down the gauntlet & say this is bullshit & be an opposing voice to the leadership
Show good faith as an elected official and vote against a flawed Senate healthcare bill. Work w Dems to get a good solution. No party games!
Saw on TV you standing with Trump re: Repeal only or let the ACA fail. That is shameful and you have lost my vote.
What about your constituents?  Bali Hai?  Pls read a  #heathcare book while you are stuck in DC for August "recess"
Dodged a bullet today #waffleking!  Slid through the healthcare issue without having to take a side.  Lucky You, self preserved one more day
Watch Gardner's Colorado Springs constituents getting arrested for requesting a town hall! https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154554618071277&id=552276276 …
Will you tell them we dump coal waste into streams. With your vote
Why? You need to be working on healthcare? Don't listen to @realDonaldTrump as he is an idiot! Work with Democrats!
Because Colorado is located in the China Sea? Who the fuck do you work for?  Not Colorado.
Support your constituents......fix the ACA and oppose efforts to repeal it!
I'm so sorry you are such a rad left target. Hope that changes soon.
https://youtu.be/vMz0OJKekms  via @YouTube
Thank you Rep Gardner! I hope CSIS is all it seems to be.
@SenCoryGardner went all the way to China to avoid his constituents...
It would be AWESOME if you spoke to the people you claim to represent coward.
Are you going to be speaking about rising seas due to climate change?
WHY??? I don't think you understand the agenda! MAGA needs to be your focus. Get on board or get off govt payroll!
Could you come speak at a town hall?
Cory invite @senbenettCo - and engage with your constituents for goodness sake!
When are you going to speak to your constituents at a town hall?
Over 70% of Americans want a bipartisan fix. Are the KOCH Brothers and PAC's so important that you ignore us in favor of their demands?
Fund the CSR's/other components to stabilize further. Provide a public option for choice, and work further to make things better, not worse.
Here's another article on current market stabilization. STOP lying, and DO YOUR JOB!

http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ …
ACA isn't failing. W/ fixes and no sabotage, it would be even better. STOP playing political football w/ our lives!
SPIKIN THAT FOOTBALL!!
just watched you lie about the viability of the ACA when you, the GOP & @SenMajLdr have intentionally tried to sabotage the ACA #shameful
additionally, Cory your comment about the Dems "spiking the football" was hypocritical...remember the House GOP celebration 3 months ago
Where's Cory 
You don't know what the American people want because you are afraid to meet your constituents.
Premiums are hiking because YOU wouldn't fund the CSR's/other components, and you woulnd't work with Dems for 6-7 years. #SABOTAGE
It started with the #ACA risk corridor undermining - see  @MarcoRubio sabotage.  We are watching Cory closely!
Good point.
You voted '15 to repeal the ACA which was vetoed by @BarackObama. How will you be voting this time? How about meeting with ur constituents?
SHAME on you! - Accusing Dems of spiking the football today. GOP has done nothing but sabotage the ACA, and you full well know that.
How 'bout speaking to your constituents in Colorado instead?
Why wasnt my senator one of these?
BREAKING: GOP Sens. Capito & Collins will NOT support moving forward w/ plan to repeal w/ delayed replacement http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/342503-two-gop-senators-to-vote-against-obamacare-repeal-only-bill …
You're a failure
2020
Denver Resists DeVos TOMORROW! Quality education for ALL! Join us! ---> https://www.facebook.com/events/1514443988618164/?ti=as … @BetsyDeVosED @SenCoryGardner #DenverResists
Looking forward to that Repeal only Vote aren't ya?
I'm speaking to my tea party dolls, Cartman-style, while the house burns down. Tune in!
Corey if you don't stand up against the repeal, you are a traitor to the citizens of our great state. We will call you out every single day!
Stand up, be a man and tell Donal no on repeal! Our citizens will die in the state of Colorado with the repeal! This is pure EVIL!
You promised a replacement, not a repeal without a replacement. This is the devils work and Coloradans will not put up with this bullshit.
How nice. Wondering why you haven't made time with your constituents at a town hall meeting?
Thanks @SenCoryGardner. Can you pls issue statement on not supporting full ACA repeal without replacement?
Let me guess - Any vote your buddy Mitch puts up now on ACA repeal will be met with a courageous "Abstain" by our no-op senator.  SAD.
Funny how you have time for this, but not your constituents. Tick tock. 2020 is coming.
Rad. Any Colorado constituents there?
too bad you don't care what happens in the lakes and streams and byways of the state you represent and you never speak here
No thanks.
So you are just pretending healthcare doesn't exist? Please do not vote to repeal without a replacement.
You've no constituents in the South China Sea & none in NK. None! Colorado constituents request your presence. Coward!
South China Sea Conference?!?! Click here to watch Colorado's collective response:
LOL!!! Accurate!!!!! @SenCoryGardner, are you listening yet?!

Got lucky this time Cory, but your boy Mitch is going to put you on record..be smart or get second to head back to Yuma!
Come speak at home.
Good for you BUT healthcare is of immediate importance to CO. NO Repeal without Replacement, Reps had 7 years. #2020vision
#GOP Rep's had 7 years and did not have viable plan.  We don't blame that on you Cory, but we blame you for total lack of engagement w/us!
You need to Resign
Actually Cory needs to reflect on his life goals.  He is only in his early 40's.  What is his future?  What will he do to better our world?
Are you ever going to talk to us? You remember us right? The people you are supposed to be representing. We really need you to listen to us!
Let me help...
How about speaking to your constituents?
Will you be speaking in Douglas County any time soon? Your constituents would LOVE to see you, believe me!
Hi from Weld County, Cory.  We are 4000 sq miles out of out 104K sq miles in CO.  Come see us at #TownHall.  @indivisibleFRR
No, we want to see you live in Colorado. #spinelessGOP #whereiscory
If he won't vote no I'm sure his constituents will.
You don't show up at townhalls and speak to your constituents. Do you really think you'll have your job after 2020? Yeah, no.
You've got some balls speaking to them before speaking to all of Colorado.
Business as usual for Cory apparently, no matter that health care is completely off the rails and the WH is becoming the Kremlin  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Well, enjoy since you won't be around to attend the 10th annual conference.
i think i'll skip that one. but, craven cory: vote no on mcconnell's aca repeal bill!!!!! and also: REAL TOWN HALL at red rocks!
About screwing millions out of their healthcare?
When the hell are you going to face and talk to your voters? Who cares about this stupid stuff
Really?  This is what you think we're interested in? Health care!  Is the topic take a stand no repeal
How does it feel to be in your last term?
Sir, u are a back-bencher representing a dwindling minority. Wakeup, do ur  job, & represent CO to secure healthcare for all its citizens.
Sir, you're in my wheelhouse now! Is it that you secretly want to hold a townhall in Japan, for...troops and displaced Colorado folk?
Your party just failed. Again.
Next up: Mueller.

What a shit show, Cory. 2 late for you now. Even the South China Sea won't be far enough.
At 2020 vote, literally no one will remember/care about your North Korea posturing. Everyone will remember how you vote on healthcare
Interesting how you have time for that but still won't do a town hall. #2020
Repeal & don't replace will devastate your constituents. Vote no. Hold a town hall. Try to be the good guy.
When are you going to meet with your constituents???
If you are finally going to discuss healthcare, I am there. #healthcareisaright
Good for you senator...GET THE HEALTH BILL PASSED BEFORE YOU YOU BECOME A LITTLE MINI SECRETARY OF STATE 2018 is just around the corner
Please, more time on solving healthcare in the West, and less meeting with dictators from the East.
Vote NO on repeal.  Don't gamble with Colorado lives!
So you're just blowing off fixing healthcare & waiting for orders to come down from now not so powerful McConnell? What good are you for CO?
Truly, what good are you Cory?  You are a relative youngster at 42.  Please consider a lifetime devotion to public service, not #KochService
Healthcare is a right. Vote NO, Cory.
Oh hell no. Speak to your constituents and explain why you want to hurt us to line your pockets.
Explain your goals, Cory.  Some of us might disagree, but at least tell us your goals and why you think they are the right path forward
Are you speaking on health care?  Will you protect Coloradans from repeal with no replacement?
What in the wide wide world of sports is going on here? #alternateReality
Just hold a town hall. We won't bite
We might bite a little
Not interested. Would rather see you at a townhall
No thanks Corey. I'd rather watch you say that you won't repeal ACA.
This conference is hardly on the minds of your constituents
While we're on the subject… You're such an Asia expert, but you say nothing about the colossal mistake of pulling out of TPP. #spineless
Killing TPP truly was a BIGLY win for China.  Can Cory come talk to us about why he is more pro-China and pro-Trump vs Pro-USA?
Can @SenCoryGardner talk to us about ANYTHING for that matter.
