gun control & healthcare are the answer, not prayers
Sad day for all. I hope all in power will dial down the rhetoric. It is so negative on all sides. Work hard on common good. Not the 1%.
Put prayer into action. You know sensible gun control won't take away individual rights. Stop the political bull.  WWJD
Gun control NOW.
Get well soon and job well done to the security team.  Everyone should carry a gun or two.  Guess what stopped the shooter...A GUN.
Right. Baseball players should all carry loaded guns while playing baseball! Brilliant! What could go wrong?
Our thoughts & prayers to him &family but you can thank 45/cab 
They r dividing our country Rep new bills r to kill middle class & below
Where was your statement condemning the two murders in the hate crime in Portland? The reporter assaulted for asking about healthcare?
Do you want to pray for all the people that will die as a result of more arms for SaudiTerrorists?
Here are the Senators who voted to sell weapons to the terror-sponsoring Saudis. https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00143 … 
If only somebody had thought to #PrayForAlexendria BEFORE the shooting. God needs CONSTANT reminders not to let people get shot.
Prayer is for you. God gave us brains. What happened isn't going away with prayer.
Preach
Oooh snap, the GOP getting a taste of their own "thoughts & prayers." Meaningless as always!
Bridget is one of those bitter, unhappy, hateful people that want legislate by emotions and impose her ways, by force if necessary, on you.
Sending all my blessings out to the wounded. We stand as one on this, but that healthcare bill is still a steaming pile of $h!t. Peace.
You and your fellow republicans need to grow some balls and do what your constituents want and not what that ass wants. He is a narcissist.
I feel bad for those injured, but your actions and those of the other House are causing people to seek other options to what you are doing.
Tell that to Rep Steve King of Iowa @SteveKingIA
.. For your thinly veiled christo-fascist regime. You gave the power to change the future of our nation. But do you have the courage?
Have* the power. sorry lol #Covfefe
Our nation does not stand as one. This country is crumbling and you people are only siphoning away our freedoms little by little to make way
Two words....gun control
how about enacting some reasonable gun control laws in light of this recent tragedy and the one in San Francisco ?
You know what's more helpful than prayers? Gun control and access to health insurance
It's a good thing he has health coverage, wouldn't it be nice if everyone did?
Also, maybe we should do something about guns? It seems that we've tried having a lot of guns, maybe we could try not having a lot of guns?
But our Senate doesn't stand as one. Open the discussion for the healthcare debate to women and Democrats. #CountryBeforeParty #hypocrite
Ready for some gun control yet
Prayers are fine but sensible gun control is even more effective
It would also be great if we could stand as one and make health care a right for all.
Got anything new to say? Stock response. Crazy with a gun and it's "thoughts and prayers" too soon? Oops 6 hours later and now San Francisco
Here's your guy, Cory. Now, back to taking away health care.
Luckily for them they all have Cadillac health insurance so they & their families can afford the best care. What about the rest of us Cory?
Who are you kidding? This nation DOES NOT stand as one!
This is what happens when your party puts fear and uncertainty in the minds of 23+ million people about to lose their health insurance.
Rich old white guy gets knicked on the hip = horrific attack!
20+ kindergarteners gunned down =*shrug*
Our nation does not stand as one! There are already conspiracy theorists out there are pointing fingers and further dividing us.
I'm sorry for what happened. However. We do not stand as one. We are so divided we can't even have an honest conversation about #GunControl.
Good thing he's got health insurance. Is now a good time to talk about the pervasiveness of guns?
Gun violence is a disease in our society. You should come out in favor of sensible gun laws. That won't happen.
It sure is a good thing he has great healthcare that won't leave him and his family destitute.
But you pray Cory. You pray your little stone heart out. Maybe that will keep this sort of thing from happening again!
Same. I'm also praying you let us see the health care bill you are working on.
Thank god for the Capitol Police!  If only school children, theater & night club patrons had the same protection.
gun free zones don't work.

#gunsense
Coloradoans support gun control. Instead of meeting us, your constituents, you met with a dictator. I hope you choke on your prayers, Cory
Senator you must review how you have voted on the gun issue in America today.
Police, thank the police who responded bravely/quickly. Gun law reform is also about keeping our LEOs safe, not always about 2A.
To phrase this in a parlance you will understand, perhaps politicians are beginning to reap what they have sown.
What say you now about gun control?
I'm just gonna leave this here.
If we stood as one that clown would not be in the #WH. You are not repping the people either.
GOP promotes more guns and less healthcare and wonders why  tragedies like these happen.
But wait! There's more! Now a fatal shooting in SF. Ain't America great when you can buy an AR15 anywhere?!
Unfortunately, we do not stand as one. And you have become part of that problem.
Stop praying and start taking action on mental health and gun control.
If only you had power to address gun violence in addition to offering prayers.  But what can a US senator do about a national problem?
How about action instead of only prayers? Situations like this demonstrate why we need sensible gun laws. More guns won't solve the problem.
We have sensible gun laws.  You can't solve unsensible people is the problem.  Get rid of cars, they kill more people than guns.
Respectfully disagree.  1 example: Why are laws allowing access to military style guns/ammo? Most ppl don't need that. Majority of ppl agree
Too bad they weren't all carrying AR-15s on the field, right? That surely would have helped things (NOT).
Yes. But that's hard to run bases in, and you can't get a good swing with a gun on a shoulder sling.
Yeah that's the point. If you're always ready to shoot 'bad guys' then soon enough everyone starts to look like a bad guy.
Tell me about all the bloody gun fights you've been in didn't lead you to this conclusion.
The boy from Yuma is so out of touch with reality and the good people of America. We are divided and you play for the wrong side.
uh oh. attacked by a white guy. sounds like prayers are in order.
Hold an in person town hall chicken shit
Does the nation really stand as one? It seems that the Trump family has done a good job of dividing it.
Prayers aren't going to solve this gun crisis. When will you represent the people of Colorado and demand stricter gun laws?
Sadly, our nation does not stand as one. Just read the comments from the sick people celebrating this violent targeting of Republicans. Sad.
Good thing they have single payer healthcare.  Otherwise their deductible could bankrupt them
Prayers are a lazy way of trying to say you've done something. Prayers have never solved problems. Real actions take courage and backbone.
United in sorrow over another shooting but not united in action. How many republicans support gun control? Do you? Will you now?
What "Unites" us?  We've been "multicultural" since the Forrest Gump generation.
