So let's take a look at what Gardner said to us today ... 1/
He is sticking with "trickle down economics" even though it has proven not to work. Why? because his rich donors want tax breaks. 2/
Says he believes in Russia Sanctions, but didn't mention the latest sanctions that Trump has refused to enact 18 days after deadline. 3/
Missed some of this one due to glitch. Guns and mental health. He voted to allow people with mental health issues to buy guns. Nuff said. 4/
Stated re: election interference "what russians tried to do". They didn't try to do it, they did it. Refuses to face inconvenient facts. 5/
Stated he supports "strengthening science" but has voted repeatedly to allow science deniers to run trump departments. Hypocritical. 6/
Strong support for religious freedom. As long as you're christian. 7/
Lots of "mansplaining". Especially on birth control. 8/
Either your staffers are incompetent...or this is intentional. hmm
Modern Republicans don't do tax reform - they do money-making moves for the rich. Explain this.
The comment “revenue generating” sucks. Our tax policy should be about fair taxation and should encourage not discourage personal savings.
@SenCoryGardner when are you going to take the appropriate stance against Dftrump like respectable senators Corker and Flake?
looking forward to dicussing stuff! some people say if you can't spell it...you probably can't do it! I say baloney! 9:15 it is!
Here is what a real caring representative of the people does.
#BirthControl is health care, which is why I have introduced a bill to block @POTUS' efforts to rip it away: http://bit.ly/2xR8t29  
Making birth control available OTC does NOT address the religious statute that allows employers to not cover. What else will religion claim?
Your answer on the estate tax was BS.  Very VERY few family farms would even be impacted. This is a tax cut for the richest Americans.
So disappointing.  I am ready to join your town hall at the designated time after registering yesterday, and I learn it was 45 min ago.
Would it be ok for a Jehovahs Witness business owner to not pay for blood transfusions for employees that needed them?
I like to hear the callers concerns.... hearing Gardner's double talk, long winded responses/no answers w/no followup is simply frustrating
Why does the time always seem 2 change 2 EARLIER? Ur constituents work but adjust 2 accommodate U. I think its supposed 2 b REVERSED!
No thanks...done with you.
Senator Gardner, do you ever read the responses to your tweets? If not, perhaps you should start, if you actually WANT feedback.
About 50 small business and small farms estates nationwide will face any estate taxes.
“Townhall” was a joke. 45 min with audio issues and no follow up available. Your constituents demand more.
Im a CPA. As a middle class person my taxes will go up. I’ve already done the math. Can we expect a statement on Trumpghazi in Niger?
Would it be ok for a business owner who believes prayer heals all things to not pay for chemo, or surgery, or medications?
@SenCoryGardner, we all know you're an empty suit, so I don't blame you for these shenanigans. But you really need to hire new handlers.
Lmao!
This seems like a pattern?

I hope the process to give huge tax cuts to the ultra rich is going well!
Bobbing and weaving again. You have the worst scheduling history.
Business and corporations are NOT individual people, and should NOT have the same religious freedoms. Where will the discrimination end??
This is not a Town Hall!
Religion does not belong in politics. All religions are equal and they have no business in policy.
Serious question: Why are Senators given so little notice on when you’re voting on something?
TTH's are a sham. No follow up. Cherry picked questions. This gives Gardner control so he can use his talking points with no pesky feedback.
Not surprised, just disappointed as usual. Grow a spine and have a real town hall.
I signed up at 8am - it's now 920am and no phone call. Is it just Cory and his donors? Is that really a town hall?
Change your music. Though it does match your smarmy smile.
NO on #TrumpTaxScam
New @CAPAction report: GOP tax plan gives cabinet members a $3.5 BILLION tax cut. No wonder they want this so badly. https://www.americanprogressaction.org/issues/economy/news/2017/10/18/168871/trump-mcconnell-ryan-tax-plan-windfall-president-trump-cabinet/ …
Of course he made the time as inconvenient as possible. He doesn't want to account 4 the nearly $4M from NRA, direction he takes from ...
... Donors, Trump & McConnell & doesn't represent the people of Colorado. Cory is Big Money interest & influence. He holds NO accountability
@SenBennetCO /2/  Even before the nomination hearings, it was obvious that he would be an embarrassment. His record proved him to be a fool.
@SenBennetCO 
OK guys. This was entirely predictable.
9:15 am Did you ever hear about the concept of "working"? Tax payers do that. Unless you really don't want to hear from your constituents.
What’s the point? All we’ll hear is the sound of you kissing the @gop ass!
Useless. I work so moving schedules isn’t easy. Why don’t you come talk to us when you’re on one of your many recesses?
Where’s Cory
Canned questions, canned replies. Why bother? 
As long as you turn a blind eye to the chaos in the White House you have NO credibility.
.@SenCoryGardner scheduled a telephone "town hall" just yesterday and then changed the time at the last minute. During a work day.
It's *almost* like @SenCoryGardner doesn't want to hear from his working constituents. Maybe he just wants to hear from retired Coloradans?
first of all, more notice! Surely you knew when the vote would be. You don't really want our input. #liar
#corythecreep forgets to check with his wealthy masters before scheduling. Bad Cory! Bad!
What a joke.Maybe the next tele town hall should be at 5am with a one hour notice. It’s like you don’t even want to speak to ur constituents
It’s almost like you don’t want constituents with day jobs to listen to your Koch Bros propaganda  we know you don’t listen to us 
I don't have any messages notifying me of the change. I managed my schedule-and I don't have staffers...
Did the Koch brothers and your other billionaire donors give you all you talking points. Whatever you do don’t disparage pres fing moron.
It's almost like you are making it as hard as possible for us unpaid protesters to tell you what we think of you before we vote you out.
I can’t wait to “dicuss” 
Thank you for being able to “listen in” when SO many of us can’t. I hope you get to ask a question.
You are doing a terrible job. Everybody thinks so.
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL
Keeping us on our toes. @SenCoryGardner sure makes civic participation difficult, doesn’t he? Almost like he doesn’t want to hear from us.
TIME CHANGE: Due to the Senate vote schedule, my town hall call will start at 9:15am MT. You can listen live here: https://www.gardner.senate.gov/live  
Is he doing the call from Tahiti? PR really benefitted from his visit.
Wow, you'll do anything not to meet with your constituents. Bye, Cory
If you actually wanted to hear from your constituents, you'd schedule these more than a day in advance and not change the time just before.
And have a town hall in person, so planted softball questions are easier to spot. +CC Colorado Springs.

Schmuck much? Omg 9:15am on a Thursday. So generous with your working constituents
Well, isn't that special & typical. Delayed for a vote, that I'm sure will NOT represent your constituents. You can't phone it in in 2020.
Vote no on budget today. Protect Medicare!
That's awfully short notice. Is this intended to make people miss it?
In person Cory..Do you know the meaning of that?
Don't you represent Boulder? You should come sometime and talk to your constituents.
WHY?
No CHIP
No BC for women
No Med Deduct on tax
No Cons Protect
Big biz 20% tax but Small biz 25%?
Small biz creates more jobs
#DumpTheCowardGardner2020

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 

As Richard mentions, Treasury deleted its own study showing most corporate tax cuts go to profits, not labor income. Orwellian stuff. https://twitter.com/RichardRubinDC/status/919868928763088896 …
Hey Coco, I know this is going to come as a shock to you, but some of us actually work for a living. You should try it.

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
