Where’s Cory
Governing as an after-thought: Why did you and your party let this expire to start with? It's like you're incompetent or something.
And! @SenCoryGardner and @SenBennetCO what are you doing to end this gun violence?!
Excellent. Kudos. Now let's do something about gun violence.
Great!!  Let's hope the rest of the senate agrees with you two.  80219
Thank you, Senators!
Thank you!
Thanks, maybe you will eventually gain some empathy for Coloradoans who need HEALTHCARE!
Where were you last week before it expired. Oh yeh, working to take healthcare away from millions of Americans. Disingenuous much?
Ok...good...keep on truckin... moving in right direction
I guess health care is important for children huh? 

You know who else needs health care? 

Everybody. 

Fix the #ACA.
Good Job Senator Gardner! Keep working to help Colorado and all citizens!
Thank you for listening to your people and not your donors. 
Please keep this trend going
Thank you. I dont know what I would do if my son didnt have CHP.
Please do everything you can to fully reinstate CHIP.
The Republicans voted against restricting gun sales to the mentally ill and individuals on the no fly list in 2016!!
#adiosIN18 
#adiosIN20
Can't take constitutional rights away without due process.

-- US Constitution
Excellent.  Now please commit to meaningful weapons control and mental health coverage.
Define "meaningful weapons control" please
You also let it expire last week. We noticed.
Hey Cory! Why the hell did you let it expire. Oh, that’s right you were trying to repeal the ACA which also hurts children. HYPOCRITE!
Cool that you talk about so many issues except the ones that literally all of your constituents want to hear about!
Thank you for the across the isle work on an important issue.
Thank you!
Common sense gun control, Cory, that's what we want to hear about today.
Don't act like you care about kids when you refuse to talk about gun control reform
Specifically, what reform?

Coloradans: Tell @SenCoryGardner his vote to open the #ArcticRefuge to drilling is unacceptable 202-883-6199 #ProtecttheArcticRefuge
Good news.
Thank you for doing this.
Make it permanent please
Good start, Cory, but a long way to go. What are your thoughts on the US vote AGAINST condemning the death penalty for homosexuality?
Thank you! Now please work on gun control.
Excellent!
Work for gun control. Mentally ill people should not have guns. No one needs military guns.
No Obamacare or Obamacare light. Maybe start shrinking the government instead of making it larger?
Where will you get the money?
Thank you for that. Now, what about THIS? 'Cause this must be a joke, right??
1st: Why did you let it expire in the first place?
2nd: When are you going to address how your $ endorsements are affecting your leadership?
Now support bipartisan effort on healthcare
Senator Gardner, thank you. Always wanted to be able to say that to you.  Next bipartisan effort?
Well, that's one thing. How ' bout gun control, health care, mental health care, and getting rid of ridiculous bans on LEGAL abortions
Thank you for working in a bipartisan way to get things done.  It's appreciated.
There are many things that can benefit from this approach.
Nice work - great to see the bipartisanship!!!
Thank you, Senator Gardner!
Thank you - 80503
Thanks.
More of this please :-)
Thank you
Thank you.
Well done, guys! Colorado proud from 80005
Maybe you should have done this last month instead of working tirelessly to strip your constituents of healthcare you immoral stooge.
Thank you, wish you realized this before it expired. Guess there isn’t a donor against this. 11/3/20
Good! See bipartisanship gets stuff done! Now, close those loopholes at gun shows, no modifications to guns and NO silencers. Thats a start!
Get it done. Thank you.
@gop WHY did you let this expire?
Thanks! Now next time healthcare comes up for the nation as a whole perhaps you can see fit to not strip us of what we have.
Thanks senator.. More of this bipartisanship please! 80206
Better late than never. Thank you
'grats on doing your job. Here's a gold star. 
Don't sell out Cory! #GunControlNow #guncontrol #LasVagasShooting America's gun problem, explained in 18 charts:
Good! How about next you two work together to require training, licensing, background checks, mental evaluations, in order to own a gun.
