Tillerson says U.S. must signal that China's access to artificial islands will be denied http://finance.yahoo.com/news/tillerson-says-u-must-signal-205154191.html?soc_src=social-sh&soc_trk=tw … #southchinasea
Being the policeman of the world is killing us
I am concerned about Tillerson's conflicts of interests and his Russian ties.  Please vote no on his confirmation.
as a CO resident and active voter, I ask you vote NO on conflict of interest laden #Tillerson Bad for America.
Only aggression. From. China was instigated by Trump!! You nutbars need to seek therapy and quick
Tillerson's ties to Putin and indifference to Putin's authoritarian actions are worrisome. Vote no.

.@MarcoRubio: Is Vladimir Putin a war criminal?
Tillerson: I would not use that term.
Rubio: Well let me describe the situation in Aleppo... 
Republicans will send kids to war, as long as they're not their own kids.  Spratly Islands?  Not my kids.

How much are you receiving for that?  You are not representing the people of the US just adding to your bank acct.
@davidbrunnstrom oh plz, Tillerson was great today. These liberals would be glad to have him on their side of the fence
He was calm, cool and collective. No reason he won't be confirmed & there is no reason to vote along party lines just for sake of doing so!
once again going against your constituents! We have long memories sir and will not forget you care more about Party than US!
a yes vote for Tillerson is a NO vote in #COLORADO.  @davidbrunnstrom @YahooFinance
Surprised no concern about Tillerson ties w country that hacked US elections. Colorado voter watching you align w Russia.
#itsnotaboutcolorado #itsaboutcoryoilmoney #coreylovesmoneymorethanhisstate #corysupportsafascist
you support a traitor. Someone who is a friend of Russia. 
But I guess life is different when Exxon donates $23000 to you.
.@SenCoryGardner Colorado, we need to vote this guy out next term! Unacceptable & shameful to vote to repeal healthcare for children - CHIP
@davidbrunnstrom  you work for all in this state not just republicans and you need to remember that- Colorado spoke in NOV.
@davidbrunnstrom the Exxon Russia equation is very disturbing and you should be concerned about who's pulling the strings
And his unwillingness to discuss sanctions with Russia. Possible because of his 189 million payout from Exon.
Please remember this is a BLUE state! You promised to stay tough on Russia... Tillerson is V Putin's "friend". #voteNO
.  Tillersson's failure to characterize Putin as a war crim shocking.  I am your constituent and will hold you accountable.
Please remember CO is a blue state and we are paying attention! That means #stoptillerson
China is important but Russia is crucial as well! He lobbied for no sanctions against Russia! Obvious bias on his part
As a Medicare recipient there are benefits in that law that I have relied on! Make the ACA better not dismantled!!
It would be irresponsible if you to vote for efforts to dismantle the ACA. Millions will be put at risk of no healthcare
Exxon's stock of Russian oil rights makes clear how quickly sanctions will go unless you reject Tillerson! Do what's  right!
I personally will make sure I do my part to campaign against Gardner in 2020
Rex not aware that Putin is a war criminal & a thug.  He is not qualified.  Oppose this nomination.  Writing from zip 80130
were you pleased to hear him lie under oath re: lobbying? Tillerson is an inappropriate and dangerous choice. Clear your VM.
Exxon has 53 million acres holdings in Russia, because of sanctions can't drill. Conflict of interests alone should disqualify!
it's clear that you are ignoring wht th state of CO wants. No on Tillerson, DeVos, dismantling ACA, ruining SSDI & Medicare
@davidbrunnstrom @YahooFinance But not one for Russia?  Putin lovers don't belong in our government.
@davidbrunnstrom http://ln.is/edition.cnn.com/2017/RcAqr …
Another Colorado constituent urging you to vote no on Tillerson.
his conflict of interest also extends to climate an urgent matter of our time his CH shows his lack of preparation, qualification to be SoS.
@davidbrunnstrom should U fall on the wrong side of this vote,we Coloradans will not forget & I will work 2 see you gone....
, as an active voter in Colorado, I ask you to vote no on Tillerson. We cannot let big oil hold power in government.
Exxon's ties to Russia, (and desire to gain favor there in order to drill) are as concerning as Mr. Trump's.
Exxon has 63.7 million acres in Russia can't drill on cuz of US sanctions..Who's tillerson loyal to lifetime of Exxon or US?
@davidbrunnstrom @YahooFinance what about Russia
CO Voters have concerns w/ Tillerson ties w/ Russia & response re: Muslim registry. #copolitics #voteout @watchyourSen
This seems like a very dangerous course - lot to lose, little to gain.
no, nope, no way! No on tillerson.
Russia interferes with our elections, and you plan to REWARD them for it? You're nothing but an ambitious pretty boy.
You are not SERIOUSLY going to approve this Putin sympathizer, are you? I am so, so disgusted by you. Done!
how come u NEVER comment on Russia? Have a backbone like @SenatorRubio & show some concern. Vote NO on Tillerson!!
As a longstanding Colorado resident, I implore you to be diligent on the Russian issues. They are not of our values. Dig in
@davidbrunnstrom @SenCoryGardner I'm your Colorado constituent, Sen Gardner; Im asking you to vote NO on Tillerson.
With so many ties to Russia & is pushing a agenda that is against majority interest Please vote "No." We deserve better.
@davidbrunnstrom climate denier while at Exxon. He knew the truth
Sen. Gardner. Read your constituents tweets. You are on the wrong page.
Is that the only good thing you have to say? There should be a lot more than that. #stopsessions
@davidbrunnstrom @YahooFinance what about Russian sanctions?
Hitching your wagon to trump & tillerson so closely only raises concerns about your true intentions. Short sighted & shallow
What do you think of him rolling back relations with Cuba?  Where are his tax returns?
Don't let your desire to head a cyber security committee blur your judgement. You are a public servant first and foremost
Selective attention and party loyalty. Coloradans never doubted you would be. Trump suck-up PUPPET #SelfServing #copolitics
Are you a #climatedenier like Rex?
Hold Tillerson accountable on his position and interests with Russia. Your constituents demand you represent our concerns
The Pentagon lists Climate Change as one of the biggest security concerns we face. Tillerson's denial proves him unfit.
Let's be honest. Exxon bought your support a long time ago. Your vote is a foregone conclusion.
are you pleased to hear that exxon dealt with Iran through European subsidiary and then withheld the deal from shareholders
.@SenCoryGardner Tillerson condoned Exxon's fake climate change research: no cabinet posts for climate deniers!
@davidbrunnstrom @YahooFinance Good job! Keep Trump safe from absurd Russian hacking run amok. Strengthen your party ASAP
Do not approve Tillerson's appointment.  His ties to Russia are a huge conflict.  Unacceptable.
Your offices have been flooded w/calls to vote no on Tillerson! Will you continue to refuse to listen to your constituents?
"The point of sanctions is to disrupt American business"  $$$$ before America doesn't work for Americans. No!
He made it clear his 1st concern is business, as Sec of State his 1st priority needs to be AMERICA VOTE NO on Tillerson.
I'm your Colorado constituent, Sen Gardner; I also know a thing or two about Russia. Please vote "no" on #Tillerson
You back this guy it will be your job totally  discusting
Oppose Tillerson. His response/ties to Russia, vagueness on climate change, lack of acknowledgment of human rights issues - disqualify him.
His refusal to comment on Russian sanctions, connections to Putin and "these things happen" response disqualify him
I ask you to vote "no" on his confirmation
NO VOTE ON REX , SEN YOUR JOB IS ON THE LINE .
& refused to comment on Russian sanctions.
Please ensure that USA's top officials are not beholden to foreign interests!
@davidbrunnstrom @YahooFinance Tillerson far too deferential to Putin to serve as Sec.State. Please vote not to confirm ~
@davidbrunnstrom Whoops! Sounds like you're okay w/ lifting sanctions on Russia in return for interference in our elections.
