Thank you for this; it's a start.
how about you ask for an investigation into #russiagate
How about asking for accountability for the collusion with Russia in the rigged ekection? Pursue impeachment!
Town Hall showed who you are...Trump=Russian Puppet....Gardner=Trump's Puppet
#NotMySenator
#SpecialProsecutor
***Great job, and stay strong.
good job voting her in. It was close because so many people hate her but, you helped push it through. I'm working on signs
Cory why don't you show up for townhall meeting?  The big bad people of CO scare you.  Sad how GOP has such double standards
did you also ask for someone to schedule you for an in person Town Hall? Because that's what we want most. #wherescory
how about Russian interference in elections or the failed raid in Yemen? Anything that would actually look at how bad u r?
and the letter about ties to Russia?  That is coming next?
all of us that have written you know first hand that letters are meaningless to you.
Join your CO voters and ask for accountability from your president.  Investigate Russia and conflicts of interests.
morning again cory. So, I heard Devos was thinking of cutting free lunch programs for low income families.
great.  Let's talk about it, but we can't as your Denver office voicemail box is full, again.  Here's an idea; town hall
Mary 202-675-4980
Call Mary at 202-675-4980 to reach Cory
@NYT  Tell Mary she can call 'til cows come home.  No town hall, no through phone messages.  We have our own blockade now.
Did you get lost on your way to town hall??
Instead of worrying about putting a pause on President Trump's tweets, maybe you should be repealing Obamacare.
this letter was sent 2+ weeks ago how to stay on top of the game. Wow u can't even publicize ur stuff on time! #whereiscory
what you did is corrupt. Plain and simple.
.@SenCoryGardner I suggest you also ask Sec. Tillerson to resign in protest if Trump budget proposes 30% budget cut for State Dept.
What about Russian ties to WH? Trump's taxes? Town hall?
hey Cory, since you don't see the need to represent yourself to your people. I'm talking to everyone I know about you.
war crimes committed by Putin lackey, like Potus. Asking guy in bed w/Putin on oil deal. Why do I call BS?
If it's anything like trying to contact you, letters are worthless. So are phone calls. So are town halls. Unaccountable!
How about focusing on accountability to your constituents. What are you afraid of? Step up & DO YOUR JOB. #whereiscory
your getting a lot of press in aspen
That's a good first step. Next, how about an independent prosecutor to investigate Trumps Russian connections?
Why? You don't respond to letters. Should we expect Tillerson to be different, and what does that say about you? #DoYourJob
how about you come face your constituents?
thank you for visiting only your constituents who contributed to your agenda. I won't be voting you in again
join your colleagues in finding out if Ammendment 25 applies to our idiot president
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say your tweets are a bit tone deaf on the local issues affecting CO voters. Hello??
and ties with Russia!  You should have been at the Town Hall in Denver last night!  We missed you! #wherescory #doyourjob
why didn't you show up for your town hall meeting with your unpaid constituents? Shameful!
hope Tillerson pays more attn to you than you do us! Thanks for the form ltr! Now go to a town hall mtg. Coward.
what about presidential connections to Russia
:And what about The Republican Administration barring News Agencies from press briefings? 1st amendment not important to you?
He can't write you back. Too Busy Deconstructing State. Sad!
schedule a town meeting, show up.
Looks like you are taking the day off. Good plan, you must be exhausted. I don't know how you do it.  Town hall?  Nah...
Will this increase Tillerson's chances of lifting sanctions with Russia so he and his pals can open oil fields in russia?
TELEPHONE TOWN HALLS? Cory the Coward. What a joke. I'm a veteran, a Republican and I'm not GOING AWAY.
How about sending a letter to the White House demanding that they stop barring legitimate  news outlets from pressers?
so, you are capable of crafting a letter? Or did you just say you would "keep their thoughts in mind"? 11/3/20
how about crimes here being committed by number 45?
how about getting your colleagues to get our President to release his tax returns. Grow some
hold the president accountable ! Hold Russia accountable !! And answer the damn phone !!!
yet nothing for war crimes against Bush era Iraq War.
listen to the people who elected you...
.@SenCoryGardner B4 poking into #Syria why not look into crimes against ur own country by #Russia.Thought #GOP was #America first?#Hypocrite
do you suppose the response will be the same @SenCoryGardner gives his constituents?  You are an embarrassment sir! #sellout
how about investigating internal crimes committed with Russia?
Yippee. #wherescory -- writing letters and ducking his constituents. On the wrong side of history Cory. WE WON'T FORGET.
Colorado cannot "join you" while you avoid the MAJORITY of us!
I urge you to vote against Trumps choices that will hurt all of us and our environment!!! Or we will vote you out!
what about the issues here??????
you need to investigate Russia ties. Also, you & @GOP need to stand for democracy and 1st amendment, otherwise complicit
and just how is someone who gets medals from Putin going to accomplish this 'accountability'? please explicate. town hall?
@ntvnyr173 obamas or hillaries or both
funny how Hillary sells Russia uranium podesta did business w them but crickets in that
trumps being a statesman putin obama hillary bush all working together
trump won't kiss ass w putin is all a game
a leader never eliminates anything in advance because it limits negotiation ammo 1  thing they win without effort
remember bush had putin to his ranch
@tvogvo these war crimes u speak of been going on w obama and now u r interested it?
"We, the minority of people, voted for Trump." You can be happy, but also be accurate.
how about accountability from our own government. Something about people in glass houses...
Well that's a good start! Next you need to look into the Comrade in Chief & find out exactly how he is tied to the Ruskies.
how many requests does it take to get you to do a town hall meeting? Or must we pay you (other than taxes) to take notice?
When are you going to join your constituents??  We want to talk to you!
Thank you for your letter. Now push for Russia and 45 investigation. #Resist #ShePersisted #WheresCory #TownHall
how about some accountability to the President and fellow republicans. Instead of diverting to a foreign threat look closer
Man up & hold a town hall to listen to your constituents. How about investigating Trump ties to Russia & his tax returns.
we like accountability too, Senator.
we'll hold you accountable when we see your name on the next ballot bc the NRA paid you $3,879,064 to vote no on gun control
You be accountable to us. What will you do if gov't decides to enforce fed marijuana laws? CO wants to know. #whereiscory
Good luck with that. Hold a town hall. You can't hide forever.
how about accountability for you? Voting for devos and Pruitt and ignoring Colorado.
You mean that war exacerbated by climate change?
You should probably have sent that to Jared Kushner.  He's in charge of Mideast peace.
(I'm not one of your constituents.  But a lot of them seem to be at a town hall tonight.)
send a letter and let's get hearings started on trump and Russia, trump influencing the FBI, trump restricting 1st Amendment
JOB!!!
Back from the post office yet? What time will you be at the meeting? Oh that's right, that would mean you were doing your
#wherescory There's more than ONE THOUSAND OF US HERE. WHERE'S THE COWARD?
asking him for accountability? You should have listened and voted NO on his appointment!STEP DOWN!
resign.
Next on your agenda will be town halls and expressing your support for an investigation into Trump's collusion w/ Russia
dusgusting that elected official Gardner will not show up for a town hall meeting w/his constituents tonight in Denver.
do your job, sir! #whereiscory #onetermgardner
Speaking of accountability, howzabout showing up in Colorado???  Town meeting want you!
Great! Now call for an independent investigation of Russian crimes in US election & ties to Trump. Then I'll be impressed.
What about standing up for the misdeeds of the Trump administration. Banning media outlets is what dictators do.  #doyourjob
HOW ABOUT ACCOUNTABILITY FROM YOUR OFFICE???
The Post had a great article today: your voters needing to plan their own town hall w/o you. Donde esta  la democracia?
how about an investigation into the administration's ties to Russia?  Pruitt's scandals in OK?
how about joining your constituents now?
You're avoiding questions from your constituents, while the Pres you always support is avoiding the free press. #Interesting
Your accountability for not meeting with your constituents??? Man up! #whereiscory
you want accountability from the Trump admin? what a joke. you will roll over and wag your tail no matter what they do.
#WeWillReplaceYou
crimes in White House need addressing
Accountability? You're hiding from your own constituency. Show up hold a Town Hall. Unbelievable, cowardly senator* #resist
we need a bicameral congressional investigation into Russian interference. NOW! Stop with the small fish.
a letter? How about a demand! #resist
Help me understand why we should help you do anything. You're hiding from us Cory.
Well, that's refreshing but how about some accountability to your constituents? #TownHall
wow, that has some real weight coming from a Trump sock puppet. Low energy.
Where is your letter for independent investigators into Trumps Russian connections.
it is unAmerican, unacceptable, & an assault on the 1st amendment to bar legitimate news networks from WH pess briefings.
accountability?  We can stick our nose in for political standing about war crimes, but not the people who are suffering?
WE WANT A TOWN HALL!!!! 80432
Ready to stand up and cheer for Trump at #SOTU?
What are you going to do about Trump banning the media from press briefings? That is what dictators do! Country before party
Great "Senator" Gardner - now how about focusing on @realDonaldTrump 's censorship, ties with Russia, conflicts of interest
Why would Tillerson take a call for accountability seriously from a man that doesn't practice it? probe + town hall now.
Right. Tillerson and his Russian Order of Friendship medal are really going to take that seriously.
why aren't you demanding answers about lack of access to a free press. You are complicit in destruction of our democracy.
Easy and basic. Now do the hard thing and demand accountability on Russia and Trump.
that's great.   How about a town hall meeting?
thank you
Seems like you've made your peace with being a one term senator and will continue to ignore your constituents no matter what
Support an independent investigation into POTUS/Russia ties and demand POTUS release his tax returns! 80234
Can't join a townhall, can you? Because, "Anger reared it's ugly head, Brave Sir Cory bravely turned his tail and fled."
How about a letter to investigate Trump and Russian   interference. We are not going away and either is this scandal
How about joining your constituents at your town hall tonight?  #WillCoryShow
why worry about half way around world.  What about focusing on our vets here in the good ole USA? 20 suicides a day! Well?
Wow!  Really went out on a limb with that one, what a stretch. Town hall, Russian investigation, conflicts of interest, NOW!
How about accountability for Russia, @POTUS tx returns, etc.?
*pat* There's your pat on the back, little Cory. Now how about doing some real work? Town Halls Now! Disgruntled voter 80920
that's great. But you're OK with banning desperate #refugees from #Syria? The irony.
Why don't you and your colleagues find out the truth about Russian interference in our election?
how about accountability for treason in the Trump camp and pay for votes in your office.
and @POTUS relationship with Putin, surely, yes?
yes, need to see you in person, hear about what else you are doing. Very concerned w/soft stance on DJT/Putin, #townhall now
Wow, you are busy. So sorry to ask for a town hall meeting. Write any letters on health care, taxes, Russia, immigration...?
act by voting. Ask your constituents how.
gee a letter.
there's a Town Hall tonight with Your name all over it!  Show up and do your JOB!
wow great. What about looking into POTUS's ties to Russia?

What a clown. So sad. Very weak and only for yourself. An embarrassment
Maybe you should join your constituents in a town hall. To discuss the AG's (you voted for) plans for #marijuana #howboutdat
Or the president (who you've supported), and his ties to Russia, or the rolling back of public lands provisions
What about a Town Hall meeting? Why don't you face the people you represent?
not that interested in Russia, are you?
Let's make sure the US isn't also complicit. Push for a thorough investigation of the Admin's Russia connections.
would love to join you at a town hall Sen Gardner.  Please schedule a weekend one soon.  Thank you.
How about Russia & Trump let's take care of home first
please support an independent investigation into #TRUMP ties to #Russia 
#notpaid
Outstanding now how about looking into conflict of interest
HOW ABOUT BUSH AND CHENEY WAR CRIMES . ??????? .
Please DO tell us all about it in person at the town hall meeting! We deserve to be heard.
how about a town hall, investigate Trumps Russian ties, needs to divest
