"Nothing more important to me than hearing your opinions"?!!!!!  As demonstrated by your infuriating silence on anything controversial???
I'm pretty sure you think attempting to take away my health care is pretty important.
Fire Robert Muller. Conflicts of interest. Session honorably stepped aside for possible appearance of conflict. No honor in Muller and team
Your comment is total crap!
Colorado Cannabis companies are probably not excited for federal legalization but @CoryBooker's bill is what the country needs.
Then why haven't your offices ever returned my calls for meeting requests?
"In a controlled conversation where I have the power to disconnect your call..."
There is nothing more important to your constituents than you taking accountability for your opinions to our faces.
@SenCoryGardner #onetermcory
Me too!
You refuse to be accessible. These corporate meetings & telephone town halls and limited seating events DO NOT COUNT AS TOWNHALLS.
Is this a joke?
If you do not denounce all hate, then you are a terrorist.
What the hell is going. Stand up for your President. This is now ridiculous.
What's the point? You don't represent your constitutes. Stop voting in line with the president!
Cheers for the woman who cornered coward Cory for deflecting his every failure back to Obama and his cowardly support for baby Caligula!
prove to us you can take a followup question...
Senator, i have written my SenatorsReps for 35 years. You stand out as the one who only sends form letters back. 10 % approval rating. NICE!
What a joke!  Have the courage to do town halls in person, Cory.
Bullshit Cory.  If this was true you'd have face to face town hall meetings in ever city in your district. But instead you hide comrade.
How about some in person town hall meetings

You LIE. There is nothing more important to you than WINNING an election.
You are setting an example that it not only is OK but it is recommended that you lie every time you open your mouth.  Does your wife know?
Here are some opinions..
But will you listen?  Will you represent us when you vote?  So far than answer to both has been NO!
Bullshit
Don't repeal the ACA if you actually care about your CO constituents.
Here's a whole bunch of opinions..

http://www.coloradopols.com/diary/92921/cory-gardners-abysmal-poll-numbers …
Then come to pueblo
Then why no face to face Town Hall? So disappointed in you.
you are OUT in 2020
What a crock
Then why didn't you hold a townhall before you voted to take our healthcare away?
Translation to constituents ... 

you know since he won't meet us in person ...
I'm not voting for you ahain
Again
I actually like the first one better.  Sounds exotic.
Yeah.  That's what I was going for.
I get emotional when I talk to him too. That shaky anger thing.
Is he real or just a fake senator?  I keep getting a "he's too busy to respond" from his office.  Ya know, his face looks cartoonish.
That's it! #FakeSenator
I've yet to hear about any Cory proposals re N Korea that weren't tried or pushed in previous admins... No new ideas, just bluster..
Because you will not be elected again if you continue to ignore the pleas of your constituents. You vote against us! We won't forget!
Please FIX the ACA. It is only broken and dying because trump wants it to. Do the right thing - help to fix it. Make it better. Own it!
Senator you did not listen to my pleas for healthcare. You voted 3 times to take it away! YOU ARE NOT LISTENING TO US!
ACA problem is forgotten middle class and those over 50. So unaffordable. Fix hi premiums, copays, deductibles.

We are not important to you or you would answer us, Do your townhall in person for once
If this is true, why have you been dodging all of us for the last few months? I've tweeted and called over and over, no response.
This wasn't a town hall. You are not upholding your duties to represent all your constituents. Why not meet face to face? #shame
Is there a recording? I had to volunteer with Marching Band at my kid's public school. I would like to hear before I comment. 11/3/20
Oh please.
This is a lie.
Distance yourself from the president, while you still can.
If our opinion is so important 2 you why won't U hold and in person Townhall. Is it because you're a coward? Too bad you won't be reelected
Never again.
Except not hearing our opinion . . . apparently 
This is not true. You only want to hear from people who pay to speak w/ you. Be courageous & hold an in-person, free & publicized town hall.
Then show up at home and let's go face to face..3 hour plane ride..come on Cory
Um, that's a lie.
I called/emailed/tweeted daily re: #Healthcare - no response. You may be a GOP rising star, but that won't matter when you're not reelected
Then why no live town hall @SenCoryGardner ?
This is what a townhall looks like: you show up and we talk about things. Albeit, not things you'd like to hear, but alas. #gardnertownhall
How about you hold an actual town hall
Opinions that you script, filter, and block. Hear our opinions with A LIVE, IN PERSON town hall. Do you even know what that is? What a joke.

You might hear, but don't listen! You were bought for 50K on education. You are as guilty as him!
Thank you for wasting what little time I've given to you. Men, women, children, are all up against the Wall of Republicanism. Run for your..
You're joking, right? Hold a town hall in person in the metro area!
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
We all know that statement is false. You don't show up for us, we won't show up for you.
Ha!  That would be hilarious, except for the fact that you are our senator and are supposed to actually represent us. #WhereIsCory
Come on man! Canned questions are not going to tell us anything! Be a grown up and face the public. You do work for us.
Voting to take away 22 million people's healthcare twice was a very bad move.
That is bull. You have call-in so u don't have to face hard questions.

Do town halls in person! Clearly you are ashamed of your votes & your president #Resist
The hold real town halls and take follow-up questions. You sold us out on healthcare, why should we trust you?
Right...hear or listen?
If you were really interested in our opinions you would hold actual town halls, not phone conferences at night #onetermcory
2020
It's time to talk to us IN PERSON. We deserve a town hall with you present. #wherescorey #80203 #colorado
Soooooo....you wait until AFTER health care vote failed to reach out to us? No thanks, will save my interactions for the ballot box.
B.S. have a real town hall
Do you r going to Disney world in November and can't have an in person town hall ??
Then come listen to us. We've asked and asked and asked. Telephone calls are not town halls.
Haha! You are at least ironically hilarious if incompetent! Hold a real town hall. Watched you vote for Pruitt, devos, and no  healthcare
this is one of the more pathetic tweets i have ever seen. you lie almost as well as President Idiot Wind®.
Did you have to wipe your mouth after that lip service or has it become so natural now it doesn't bother you?
Oh really. Your actions contradict your statement.
We'd believe you if you held regular in person town halls.
Doesn't seem like it buddy. You're not foolin' anyone. Especially since you announced this town hall yesterday ?!?!?
You've got 14 'likes' & 147 responses (all viewing your so called representation negatively)  seems you don't care - SAD!
@SenCoryGardner Do you know the difference between facts and opinions? Asking for a friend....
How about holding a face to face town hall and meeting more than just a comfortable select few. Can't represent who you don't know
You tell the best jokes!
If that were true, you'd hold a town hall in person. You'd listen to the phone calls. You'd pay attention.
Please back trump
This is not a town hall. Are you too ashamed to face your constituents in person? (P.S. You should be.)
Hearing them, then routinely voting in direct opposition?
OMG that is funny Cory.
This is perhaps one of the few tweets that I actually guffawed at, not just laughed out loud! #hilariousPoliticians #whereisCory ?
 @lisalynn75

Funny, we gave you our opinions on the healthcare bill and you still voted the other way.
Where's Cory OMG your post cracks me up I'm   Dying laughing!
Direct Line to the Russian Swap!
Can not wait to go door to door to get your sorry behind out of the Senate. #CoryGardnerEviction2020
You're a better liar than the liar in the White House. Plus both of you have no future in the offices you hold.
#cardboardcoryco
Said the Senator who voted to deprive his most vulnerable constituents of health insurance, despite receiving many calls from them.
You aren't fooling anyone.
Dude....  unbelievable.
You certainly haven't been interested in our opinions on health care.
Really? Why cant we get through to you?  Voicemail is full, haven't held an in person town more than a year and phone townhall is only 1 hr.
Well that's a wrap! Gardner checks the "YOU BET I talk to constituents" box and returns to wherever he hides out.
Let me fix that. "I don't care what you think, I'll  just vote how the donors tell me to." There fixed it.. We will vote you out for sure!!!
When will stand up to trump and tell hime enough is enough with the lying & B.S.
What does it feel like to stand next to a real Senator like Susan Collins who considers all her constituents?
 where were you during healthcare?!!!!
What?! You don't call back!
One hour?!?
Elizabeth, Wellington: position on science, water? Gardner, yep I'm your guy 
Cory the timr for bipartisanship  was 7 years when you had a chance to fix the ACA, No you & GOP wanted to cut millions off the ACA
My opinion is that you suck. You voted for every one of the Repub. anti health care bills. SHAME SHAME SHAME ON YOU!!!!
Are you kidding you never answer your phone at your office. You never write a letter and won't face us in person.?Your kidding right
As long as he does not have to be in the same room with you as you express your opinions. #Coward
Really a television question and a joke about football!? I need you to take my rights and my healthcare more seriously and think critically
BULLSHIT--I gave you my opinion, but you voted to kill us and our HEALTHCARE!  Tell me again how you give a DAMN about us!!!
Country before party! I'll do whatever I can to unseat you.
Tom, Durango: how do I get Denver TV?  #ReclaimingMyTime
Where was the standard "free market"  answer on the TV question like he gave the Doctor in Durango?   Town hall was a joke.
The way you listened when we asked you to vote against against #TrumpCare #VoteCoreyOut
hearing our opinions from a safe distance eh?
Explain why you voted to end my health insurance. Don't say it's because ACA is failing, or because of high premiums... 
#SaveACA #FixACA
Richard, Alamosa: what are you doing to give healthcare to vets? Gardner: you're a great guy, and it's haaaard wooork, but eyes on it
I think you mean there is nothing more important to you than for us to hear your opinions
NK is frightening because your President is unhinged, unwell, & unmistakably unprepared.  And you continue to blindly support #45.
Asked about NK, Gardner essentially says scary, broken promises, focus on peaceful demilitarization, make China/UN act
Not a credible statement.
Ah, the cherry-picked pre-screened question on North Korea, the sole issue our Colorado senator seems to give a crap about for some reason..
He doesn't seem to care for Coloradans. He's   REALLY interested in being one of the "cool kids" in the Senate, part of McConnell's coven
Asked about reaching across the aisle, Gardner basically says, I've done a great job going to continue
Teletownhall is NOT a townhall.Stop wasting your time, go get your friend Zinke & kill some mustangs.Just not the angel I saved and trained.
We will see if its a true Town Hall meeting ??? @SpeakerRyan s was a joke
Short notice, not face-to-face, guarantees little participation. You do know you work 4 us. Right? Needs to be on our terms, not yours
This seems sarcastic
Richard's question about how to restore the GOP got no tangible answer–just "I feel your pain"
CORY! COLRADO is OVER YOU......TOO LATE ACE!!!!! You Chicken 
You called my input something arranged by paid activists.
This is so not true
One thing I'll give your staff: they sure do write great questions for you to answer.
Ok Cory WHAT THE F**K  are YOU going to do about this F**KING LIAR in the W.H.
Can you please take calls from more diverse areas of CO? Most of these calls have been from your Republican constiuents in rural CO.
Whoever caller Marine is... thank you.
You had every opportunity to make the ACA discussions bipartisan and you did not invite them to the table.
Nice job avoiding Marie's question about why you continue to vote against what your constituents want.
Great question! "Why are Rs acting as if this is normal" Gardner only demonstrates that he thinks it's normal #Marie
Hell yeah. #Marie had me applauding to myself.
#marie was amazing. @SenCoryGardner did NOT answer her ?s. He named 2 things he has agreed w trump on. Named ZERO that he does not agree w
I have a question,do you have to put on a thong and do a lil dance  before Betsy DeVos showers you with money?
Since when?
Really?!?  Then why the defensive answers and many excuses??
Oh realllyyyyy??? What should we talk about?? Football??? Best ways to destroy our enemies?? BOYS? Swap front lawn maintenance stories?
Frustrated hearing the incredible  Pivoting of Cory Gardner with each any every question.
half measures won't do.  we pay you. we want a real town hall.  no. more. half. measures.
BOOM!  "none of us are interested in the past administration"
This woman is my hero!!
 #marie!
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha
Show up in person
Asked about Pruitt, Gardner went directly to whataboutism, and then spun out a complete non-answer #reclaimingMyTime
Yea, dear Cory pretty much sucks
The key word is "hearing," 'cause he's scared to death to meet anybody face to face. Do you think you can hide for three more years?

Brilliant!
When are you going to stand up against this corrupt, un-American con-artist that conspired to steal the white house? Shame on you and GOP
When are you going to vocally stand up to the president? When are you going to call-out this admin when they lie to America?
@SenCoryGardner I agree. You should be publicly disagreeing with him DAILY - because that's how often he lies to America. SAD!
Listening to you sidestep around why you won't have an in person town hall. Still no real answer. You aren't fooling us.
Asked about a legitimate town hall, Gardner began by bragging about how many he's held, and then gave us a really fancy NO
And he's only willing to hold town halls or meetings with the people that supported him
^and/or donated more than an annual income of a public school teacher to his campaign
Try listening while looking us in the eye. It's more difficult to lie face to face.
Unless, of cource you're Donald Trump or one of his sycophants. Are you?
Then why haven't you held an in-person townhall in over a year?? Enough of these phony telephone townhalls, time to face your constituents!
From participating in prior town halls, it's clear that's what's more important is you telling us why we are wrong.
I tried using the e-mail form on @SenCoryGardner's web site a few times.  Got back a form letter response that didn't address my comments.
Seems like @SenCoryGardner is hearing from a lot of constituents, but not listening to anybody but the Koch brothers or Duterte.
I get a lot of those. Never anything to suggest they even read the email I sent.
Asked about #singlepayer, Gardner hid behind  #charliegard  which is completely irrelevant here
He probably doesn't know that Medicare is socialized medicine.
If Scaramucci can get you Sarah Huckabee hair and make up team,will you do an in person town hall?
Ugh what a joke.  How about meeting your constituents face to face.
Seriously?

NO! WE PAY YOU!  YOU work for us!
IN PERSON MEETINGS!
Hmm, you have a funny way of showing it sir.
In my opinion, you're a Trumplican.
Why did you vote for a healthcare repeal that would have increased my premiums by 20%, or allow my spouse's employer to drop my family?
He was even in the group that created the senate bill..which shows how little he care about Coloradoans healthcare
YOU HAVE TO BE JOKING CORY
Let me know when you are ready to have a real town hall!
Sir that is a LIE as demonstrated by your unwillingness to meet your constituents face to face. Pls don't patronize us as well.
I doubt that my question will go through.
Just not face to face......
If true, then why not have an in-person town-hall? Are you avoiding us?
This is kind of a mess.
Can't call in, but I oppose everything @realDonaldTrump has put forward as policy - they are all bad for CO &a America


You come to Colo Spgs and FACE your constituents!
Bahhaaahaa! You're kidding right? You control the questions, manage the questioners. No thanks.
