telephone town hall?  Is this a joke?
because you can't face your constituents that are pissed at you for not standing up against the swamp?
.@SenCoryGardner Why a telephone town hall? Why in the morning when people are at work? We DEMAND an in-person Town Hall with you.
it's almost like... he doesn't care if he gets reelected 
let me get this straight. You want my voice to be heard but held no townhall mtgs.
Write him an email if you want to be heard. He can't hear you when you're all yelling and showering spit.
Wednesday at 10am with two days notice? You are a joke.

Electronic/tele-town-halls are not substitutes for real town-halls.

appears to be afraid of meeting his constituents. I get it. #Criminals are often afraid to appear before the court. #revoked
coward.
how do we submit questions for this phone call?
How convenient for you, Corey. 10am in the middle of the work week! Barely 24 hr notice? Do better, Corey. Do better.
10 am? Many of us work!
SAD, 45 finally sounded like a grown up, but Cory is still hiding like a baby...
praying for you that you will have courage and wisdom to hold to what the people that voted for you believed you could do!
I signed up and got nothing, just like your promises to listen to your constituents?
whoa a tele town hall! Too bad you didn't make time for your constituents when you were actually in CO last week. Coward.
You do hear my voice and you choose to ignore it. Wont do phone town hall cause your too chicken shit to face your people.
I wish I could call it in for my job. Proud of being coward & hiding when in town & constituents want to meet?
most of us work
a conference call isn't a #townhall. MEET with your constituents  #WhereisCoryGardner
I hope you're reading these responses. Your constituents are obviously not happy with you. Remember this come election day.
Seriously? Middle of the day? Can't wait to get rid of you! #bye2020
10am on a Wed? When do you plan to host a town hall for working folks? We deserve to be heard too.
Seriously! It's just another way for him to dodge questions from his constituents who are upset the most.
when are you going to meet in person? Can't miss work for a phone call, but I may take a day off to meet with you in person.
I read this telephone town hall announcement and sighed. You just don't get it. I am so very disappointed in you.
Does Betsy Devos choose who gets the vouchers for the "town hall?"
how 'bout giving her a chance to do some good for the rotten school system?
Do you have children who have special needs and worry 'bout their educations?
as a matter of fact, I do! Grateful for charter school choice.
If you wanted our voice heard you would LISTEN to us and represent us! I have been constantly calling your office!
lets talk all the important issues we care about.   We the people you represent.  Let's be big boys and get together
- You sold your own children out over DeVos and now look what a fine example you're setting for them. Pure cowardice.
Afraid to meet constituents in person??
@jonwgoldstein please vote to prevent waste of America's energy resources.

it's dangerous to think you cannot be recalled.
how am I supposed to boo you if you aren't present? Coward!!
this is kind of lame after you flaunted your private meetings during recess
Hiding behind a "telephone town hall" during business hours on 2 days' notice is cowardly. You're in CO. Show your face.
you'd show up in person if you respect we the people! #chickensh*t
quit hiding like a coward from the people you serve. Meet with them in person. No more dodging constituents. Do your job now
you can spin it however you want on social media, but it's become glaringly obvious that you're a coward.
ur vote today has sealed ur fate. Don't even bother running in the next election.
what about those of us with jobs???!!!!
If you really wanted my voice to be heard, you'd show up.  Grow a pair!!!
Already saw you at the town hall meeting.  You didn't say anything and were kinda flat....#Whereareyou??
just peachy doing it during most ppl's work hours. You were elected by the ppl and you should meet with the ppl in public.
wow. On a Wednesday morning? WHY ARE YOU HIDING?
. @SenCoryGardner 10 a.m.? A telephone town hall? I hope your staff is tallying these responses because you ARE NOT DOING YOUR JOB.
CHICKEN
10AM on Wednesday?
Are there any experienced political organizers out there willing to help recall @SenCoryGardner as our senator? It is time.
Our state constitution allows for it. Just need signatures to get it on the next ballot. #recallcorygardner @SenCoryGardner
Coward. We will remember your failures in 2020.
This is a slap in the face to most of your constituents, since we're all working at 10 AM.
do u hold your constituents for fools? Working people work at 10 am on a Wed. And u just spent a week in CO & played hooky!
10 am isn't really friendly to working people....
if u really wanted to hear me u wouldn't do this at 10am on a weekday Some of us work! #notpaid #81212 #getarealhaircut
come on Senator. How can you claim to be a voice for Colorado when you won't listen to its citizens?
leave it to you to pick a work day for lots of people. Keep it up,you are on your way out. #WhereIsCory
Whatever, you are a coward who can't face your constituents...You're fired!!!  Or will be!!!
.@SenCoryGardner How about a real town hall, in person? #ColoradoSprings would love to see you!
Wednesday at 10am? Way to reach out to your constituents.  You vote with Trump 100% WE NOTICE.   2020 you'll run on that
you sir are a joke. You do remember where Colorado is don't you?
Super disappointed you didn't do this when you were in CO last week. & why not during normal biz hours or with more notice?!
you afraid to meet us in person? You insult your constituents. Show up or get out
and what a convenient time for no one.
why do this instead of meeting with me when you were in Colorado?
Middle of the day during the work week? You have no desire to answer tough questions. Your cowardice will not be forgotten
this is not a town hall. What are you afraid of? Do you feel that you have not been representing us?#gardnertownhall
#coweredlyCory you're on the wrong side of history. You're an #agentOrange enabler. #sad #OneandDone
If that were true u would have held an IN-PERSON town hall or showed up 2 the ones organized 4u. So disappointed.
Will we be talking about Russia?
Oh, this is going to end badly for you.
You have already proven you don't.
10:00am on a Wednesday? Thanks for thinking of your working class constituents. 80120 btw.
You want a controllable situation in which you will not be confronted by a large group of angry people. Be honest.
This is not an acceptable form of town hall. You signed up for this, now do your job. Don't hide.
The longer you wait for a face to face town hall, the harder it will be for you.
coward. We want to ask you in person. Coward. Not fooling any one
we have taxation w/o representation. Morning call? Let's all tell our bosses we can't work bcuz our sen is coward. thanks
He doesn't want anyone to have the opportunity to video him being asked hard questions. Cowardly.
Hmmm. No in-person town hall? You’re afraid of your constituents.
you know there is like a shit tone of building in this state we could meet at. Instead your going to have a conference call

Ridiculous. 10:00am with very little notice is not adequate. When will your next in person town hall be? #notice 80439
I work and can't take time away to participate. Will you ever hold these outside of working hours? Or how about in person?
Thank you for this first step and I'm sure it's appreciated by your Constituents, I will sign up.
The phrasing "voice" (singular) "to be heard" as opposed to "I want to hear your voices" speaks volumes.
Same thing as your cardboard cutout. Grow a pair and show up in person!
I will make every effort to join the town hall. But I believe you should have the courage to face constituents.
In person town hall, as has been requested, Senator Gardner
LOL coward
That is not the same as meeting us face to face.
No such thing as half way crooks Cory.  You wanna be a Goodfella and take bribes? You'll have to answer for it at some point
How about you come to Pueblo and hold a REAL town hall, coward?
you're afraid to meet angry constituents why not actually start representing our interests? Bet you'd sleep better at nite.
This kind of bs is going to cost you re-election.
You think you are fooling us with the man behind the curtain business. But you are just an every day coward.
afraid of your constituents? Perhaps another career would fit you better?
@flashfire451 @SenCoryGardner I'll bet they won't be afraid of him on voting day!
.@SenCoryGardner A senator who cares what the people he represents think would have an in-person town hall during after-work hours.
really ? Then how about answering your damn phone #whereiscory
YOU, Senator Gardner - will be the low hanging fruit in 2020 - prime for Dem pickings. U barely won in 2014!
you are reading tweets about too right?
THESE are the reasons we are upset with you! You do not LISTEN to your constituents! You only listen to your donors!
chicken shit!....why won't you meet in person with your constituents? #resist #DoYourJob #ImpeachTrump
Telephone Townhall?  You chickenshit. 
...buck buck buckock...
going to sit quiet and enable the POTUS while he attacks the first amendment and sends Navy Seals recklessly to their death?
as, why you voted for DeVos against our wishes, and what are you going to do about Russia and Trumps tax returns? And are U
pathetic, you can't just meet with us, you have to go through a third party and cherry pick questions?!?!
I understand Y U R afraid to meet us, but doing a phone town hall is not an excuse to avoid the real questions we have, such
#mysenator #smh #bravedude #enjoyyourlastterm
Too scared for an in-person town hall? Too scared to do one over the phone NOT during the middle of the work day?
On the phone…middle of the work week…at 10 AM?

What. A. Weasel. But I’lll be on the phone!
you're a coward and a liar!  Seems like you're the one who's getting paid for your votes.  Shame! #80537 #notpaid
@annetrujillo7 

This isn't a town hall. And Congress isn't busy. We would like to see you.
uh...@SenCoryGardner Thanks? #itsabouttime #notgoodenuf #cantfacemusic #wellsee
10am on a Wednesday? If you want our "voices to be heard" you wouldn't have this last minute while everyone is working.
wow. 10am on a wednesday! so generous. i guess all the people at work don't count as constituents. cowardly move.
phoning it in isn't going to cut it with us. Come talk to voters you haven't selectively picked, public servant Gardner.
Nice of you to set up a townhall where u can cherry pick the questions u are asked. GROW up and actually do a town hall!
Seems wimpy.
Coward
I signed up - let's see what/if any questions you answer... You don't a get a participation trophy for doing your job.
 thank you!
does this mean you will really answer questions from anyone?  Because many of our ?s to you haven't been answered.
Mary Stewart 202-675-4980
@lpmitch303 call and ask how they can repeal ACA and not cut Medicare, how slashing the EPA is good for Co and why telephone
Hahaha - you register to possibly get called! Chances of getting on are slim. He doesn't care what CO wants.
If you're intentionally trying to make things worse for yourself when you finally show up in person, it's working.
Coward
nice way to selectively answer questions, put on your big boy pants and face your constituents
NOT THE SAME! I am asking @twitter to discredit that hashtag 
#NOTGardnerTownHall
I am an overseas 81133 voter in Canada, but the signup form only takes U.S. numbers. Solution please?
Phone in 2 #GardnerTownHall?
-LACK OF RESPECT 4 your constituents & exposes ur DEFERENCE 4 corporate interests
SAD
Call his assistant Mary Stewart - 202-675-4980.
I will be at work on Wed. If only you had been at the town hall meeting, during the evening...
You work for us. This is a ploy to claim you did something.
couldn't pick a more inconvenient time for your constituents? Coward, you represent DT, not Colorado, we will remember
@ZaleyKat You should have your class call in since this is during the workday.
Did you hear our voices at the town hall Friday?  Looking forward to your answers to the questions we video taped for you.
#townhall2017 I am glad you are making some effort to engage with your constituents even through a phone conference is #weak
this is absurd. Do a better job at your job.
Stop lying to us!  You do not want our voices to be heard, it's clear as day.  Come face us in person!  #whereiscory
while in CO u refused 2 meet with constituents. Now u can take prescreened calls from the safety of D.C. #notapaidprotestor
*wont actually be available to answer questions*
is it April Fools day? Because this is a joke.
Thank you Sen. Gardner!
Have a real town hall with real people. Quit being a coward, Cory. Im sure we can scrounge up a few bucks, if you'll listen
10am on a Monday? Most people in CO have to work you coward. Host one in person!!!
Why not have it at 6pm so those of us that are working during the day could participate?
Could you have picked a less convenient time for the average person who works, Senator?
Wow - it's almost like meeting with constituents. Except it absolutely isn't.
Telephone townhalls are not discussions. And, at 10am? Really?
what about those of us who have jobs. Cannot be there at 10am on a weekday. Good way to weed us out
don't trust all the negativity! Many of us support you and President Trump. 80023
just because a person disagrees doesn't mean they're being negative. Smh. Show up
If you really wanted my voice to be heard, you'd schedule an in-person town hall outside of working hours
1/ @SenCoryGardner I can't speak for everyone, but I would be less offended if you just didn't have anything. Pseudo town hall = cowardly.
2/ @SenCoryGardner u have time for ceo's & donors, but not everyday people you represent. How do you sleep at night knowing we don't? #2020
Don't think this is an effective tool to openly communicate w/voters, Not best move, Seems cowardly and dodgy. #WhereIsCory

Phone call in middle of workday w/ minimal notice? Not good enough. Constituents like me will keep talking until you LISTEN.
a phone call?!  
Will we be able to respond to your answer or will you cut us off right away so that we remain unheard? @SenCoryGardner
will you be respectful?
in person Cory, in person! Are you really that afraid of us!?
No in face meeting, no calls get through in these offices.  Have Mary keep trying though.
Why won't you meet with us in person? Too busy working on dismantling protections?
lol
what about an actual meeting not during business hours?
UNACCEPTABLE!
We'd prefer if you'd meet with constituents in-person so we know you're not cherrypicking the questions.
Why do I have to agree to a terms of use agreement and why does Vekeo get to share my information with partners?
DO YOUR JOB DO YOUR JOB DO YOUR JOB DO YOUR JOB DO YOUR JOB DO YOUR JOB DO YOUR JOB DO YOUR JOB DO YOUR JOB DO YOUR JOB NOW!
I hope you are looking for a job, because you are clearly a temp. #Colorado #Senate
just because left is loud& obnoxious doesn't mean many sane folks think differently. Sen.Gardner is honorable.
Lame. It's not a TOWN Hall if you limit oeople in this way.
.@SenCoryGardner so you can moderate who gets to ask questions? This is a pseudo townhall, staged.
Scared to face your constituents in person?  Convenient way to only answer the easy questions.
