Good, now start listening to your constituents and vote no on this terrible and ill advised healthcare bill.
Remember, it started as the disastrous Obamacare!
And is going to turn into the even MORE disastrous Trumpcare...  Where everybody, EVERYBODY, will be covered, (if you make > 350k/yr)
People will DECIDE whether they need/want healthcare. Obamacare FORCED hc on people and made higher income people pay for it. #Choices
We r FORCED to pay when ppl w/o ins end up in the emergency room and can't pay. What's ok about that? #fakechoices
Explain to me Don what you would like to have happen when someone w/o insurance shows up to the emergency room?
I'd like them to have insurance of course. You drive a car? You gotta have insurance. It's the cost against catastrophic events
That's not an answer to the question...  IF they DONT have insurance and they GO to the emergency room, what do YOU propose happens?
Check your voicemail.
I second that! Also, maybe you should come listen to what WE, the citizens of your state have to say, or are you ACTUALLY afraid of us? #WTF
Cool, now vote to sanction America citizens by talking away their health ins and increasing premiums.  Who needs a bill or CBO score??
Oh, please. Wah, wah. You people don't know the half of this issue. It's NOT a political issue.
You ain't lying Denver.
But some of us actually read everything that comes our way, and yeah its absolutely a political issue. #PAYATTENTION
Healthcare is a personal choice, not a right. Guaranteed hc means SOMEONE has to pay for it.
Yep, less than what we're paying for now.  Maybe we should do the whole "Mexico will pay for it" switcheroo on this
We should sanction @SenCoryGardner and make him accountable for his destabilizing activities toward the Colorado economy.
Why did you vote to destabilize the insurance industry and put 20M americans out of insurance? Disgusting. Your will be held accountable.
That's good Cory, wish you had the balls John McCain has and could have done what was right for Colorado.
Cool. Any plans to listen to us citizens of Colorado and vote against the 'healthcare' bill? No? Didn't think so.
It's wonderful the stupid Obamacare disaster will be repealed.
You can stop now. All the GOP suggestions raise premiums & continue to destabilize the market. You can dislike the ACA but this isn't a fix.
The sad truth is that Obamacare was a screw job. The architect of it Jon Gruber admitted it. The unaffordable ACA was designed to fail.
So, that's one thing you've done right.
That's a no brainer. But you voted for the skinny health care bill when you knew it could adversely affect millions of patients. Why?
And later N. Korea fired a ballastic missile and Russia seized US properties.  I'm tired of all "Trump's winning".
you also voted to take away our health insurance. You're quoted as saying you were doing it for constituents, BUT YOU DIDN'T TALK TO US!
That's really not a big thing to brag about.
Town hall???
Thanks, could you also support paper ballets.  Seriously.
Thad good. But we really need to hear your justification on why you keep voting to kick people off healthcare!
If you vote for skinny repeal and let the conference add in the nasty bits, we'll remember and blame you. Accountability is coming in 2020!
Senator, Russian interference of the election w/ the collusion of Trump's circle of family and questionable campaign staff.
Now let's see if Trump will piss off Putin and actually sign it.
And would've been nice to see a courageous 4th republican NO on skinny bill
You voted to repeal the ACA numerous times this week. Horrible. We won't forget in 2020
I am your constituent. Your vote does not represent my wishes. I URGE YOU TO VOTE AGAINST SANCTIONING RUSSIA, IRAN, AND NORTH KOREA!!!
So you are capable of a reasonable vote... just not on health-care
Coward.
How is that such a big deal. You followed the GOP as always. Let us know when you do something brave. Or principled. Or good 4 colorado.
Why aren't you talking about your vote for the health care repeal, hiking premiums 20%. You used to love to bitch about O'care. Now crickets
You also voted to take healthcare from thousands of Americans. We're counting the days 'til you're done
487 days w/of town hall. COWARD #CARDBOARDCORYCO No worries, U R finished. No one would show up now anyways #waffleking U DON'T MATTER TO US
Oh, boy. Congratulations on making such a difficult vote. Bet you spent hours contemplating what was right
And you voted to take healthcare away from million and increase rates by 20% to give the 1%ers a huge tax cut Your mother must be so proux
Super Cory, gold star. You know what else would get you a gold star? Actually listening to your constituents.
How does it feel to wake up today and know that it's failure Friday Cory?We'll remember your evil vote &way you were laughing prior to vote!
yeah we noticed that you like to vote this and that on foreign policy because you are not rolling up your sleeves and working for #Colorado
You just keep trying to avoid having folks look at your health care votes. The distraction is not working.
And how did you vote for "skinny repeal" ? You never address issues affecting so many Americans. Did you listen to our governor? McCain did.
You voted YEA on the Skinny Bill that would have ONLY extended the health care vitriol.SHAME! #2020vision
And immediately voted to step healthcare from millions. We will make sure this is highlighted in 2020. You do not represent Colorado values.
Well creep, your scheming, lying, plan failed. Now the clock will count down the days until your term is over. Fool! #corythecreep
Yes. Victory for Healthcare for Colorado and America.  NOThanks to you      2020
So now time to sit down and work with 99 other Sen in non-partisan effort of American teamwork based on actual information.
You voted for #SkinnyRepeal too. But look, the fat lady is singing.
, happy you voted the right way. It doesn't make up for your execrable health care votes. #cardboardcory#improvetheaca
You ALSO voted to ditch access to healthcare for people who need it. 
We will vote to sanction you. Coloradoans want LIVE, IN PERSON town halls. Answer for your horrible record. Gone in 2020.
Buuuuuuut you also voted to keep healthcare from millions of Americans. That's shameful.
Do you follow Sen. Bennet? You could learn alot about how to do your job.
You also voted to kick millions off of healthcare. We know that you put your party before your constituents. You work for us, not Trump
You're done in 2018
If you don't side with us about 45, we won't forget at the polls. He's insane and must be removed. Country over party. CO over party!!
Good for you but you couldn't call our governor like McCain and ask what he thought of the skinny bs bill, so don't think we won't remember
So, you made 1 step forward, forty-four steps back. The numbers say you make blindly obvious votes, but don't really care about voters. Why?
THEIR destabilizing activities? What U call this? Iran hasn't attacked anyone in 200 yrs! N. Korea, Russia? All U people do is LIE!#WARPIGS!
We are all disappointed that your weren't one of the three who voted against the health care repeal.
Now that you were voted down by your party and Colorado constituents by siding with your nonsense president where do we go from here?   Bye!
Heard about that yes vote for #SkinnyRepeal    
Unacceptable senator. Take your toes off that party line.
I know it, but a guy has to try.
When will you vote to censure the maniac-in-chief? You know the reasons.
Why is there a cardboard cutout of you all over Colorado townhalls? YOU need to be held accountable. SHOW UP. MAN UP. Country over party.
What about the destabilizing activities of your own party? What about the destabilization the US will exp. when we don't have healthcare?
You also voted to take away health care from a half million of your constituents. We will remember.
Yeah. And you voted to strip Coloradoans from their health care you selfish, vacant husk of a liar. Surrender your healthcare. Disgusting.
How are you serving when nobody can find you?
Shame on you for voting to repeal Obama care. You know your constituents do not want that! @SenJohnMcCain is a Hero! Cory is mean a loser!
The people spoke out against ACA repeal, and you didn't listen. We know your position, and will never forget tonight's vote.
You played fast and loose with your constituents healthcare and lost. Time to work WITH dems to fix the ACA. #bipartisan
But you didn't listen to your constituents re: healthcare. Start working on your resume. You'll need it in a few years.
We watched you crash and burn tonight on Skinny Repeal! We will never forget that you were willing to hurt Coloradans! Evil man!
You looked pretty upset on the Senate floor tonight. Maybe next time you should consider working with both sides to come up with consensus!
I'll still remember your vote on skinny repeal
With skinny vote defeated now is time to work together to fix ACA not bring it down. Or will you fight that as well?
You also voted to give tax breaks to the ultra wealthy by yanking healthcare from the middle & lower class. You're 2020 toast.
all of them together? They're one and the same? Nah. I can't believe we have to deal with you two garbage senators for this whole term.
Did you vote no on ACA repeal? Colorado single mother's need you. Do something! #denvernative
Colorado residents
I'm glad u did good there. Now VOTE NO!! on any Senate Health Care Bill.
You need to vote against this so called health care bill. It is destabilizing my family's ability to live a healthy life. We vote often.
Vote NO on the GOP healthcare plan.  This will devastate millions!
Did you know it's public record of Gardners staff names and their salary? If this passes,they are responsible too. Sucks to be called out
Just saw u on Senate floor smiling away tapping pen in hand with anticipation. The fact you get pleasure from this,ur disgusting
Awake & aware at 12:47 AM. No to "Skinny Repeal," your laziness, silence & amoral complacency in the face of constituent demands. SHAMEFUL!
Ok. What the hell did you do to save our healthcare? Vote to strip insurance from 16million Americans? Right. You totally care about us.
You r a traitor to the people of Colorado and the US...U will be voted out in 2020..Free U up to get your dream job with the Koch Bros!
Please do not vote yes on the skinny bill so many will be hurt
But what are you voting to do to the American people and their Healthcare! Shame on you and you should pray for forgiveness!
Your daughter Senator. Think of how this vote will affect the future of her healthcare insurance.
Senator, you told us you were a 'different kind of R' when you asked CO 2 vote for you. Be different, do right by us: GIVE US HEALTHCARE!
Hmmm...and how did you vote on healthcare for your constituents? I don't see you bragging about that!
Good. Will you vote to overturn Presidential veto?
And yet you'll vote to destabilize healthcare markets tonight. Unforgivable.
JUST OUT: AMA calls Senate "Freedom" Act a "toxic prescription that would make matters worse." 
Good for you, now represent Colorado and vote No tonight.
Government over the rules Jesus left for us. Things like the beatitudes telling us to be merciful. This is my hope and prayer. Thank you.
Religious leaders told him to do. He refused to abide by the rules of the Pharisees. I beg of you not to follow the rules of established...
Please hear me out. Jesus was known for healing the vulnerable. Read the beginning of John 5 specifically. He did this no matter what..
Mr. Obama's plan needed work but replacing it with a plan that hurts some very poor people is not what the God I believe in wants.
Mr. Gardner I as a fellow American Citizen, but more so as a fellow Christian plead that you would no on the repeal...
Save our healthcare and listen to your constituents
How about transparency? What's your health care coverage????
Good for you.  Now do something real and don't vote for this 8 page sham of a healthcare bill.  WE WILL REMEMBER IN 2020.
No on skinny repeal! We will not forget! We will not forgive!
We will Repeal & Replace @SenCoryGardner     We HAVE the votes.
Great - no get out your brain freeze and VOTE NO on the skinny bills!
How about Trumps destabilizing the government?
Thats fine and dandy, now listen to your constituents and vote NO on this healthcare bill.  Look to @SenBennetCO for example on how its done
Colorado voter here who wants you to vote no for the healthcare bill.
NO SKINNY it equals murder of our citizens!
PLEASE work thoughtfully to improve the ACA rather than throwing the baby out with the bathwater.  Repeal is heartless and seems racist.
Vote NO on skinny bill. Bad for US bad for Colorado. Best for Colorado not what is best for republicans and c gardner stand up to McC
Your votes on the death bills that will cause 11 million plus people to lose their coverage cost you your job #2020Vision #OneTermCory
What about your destabilizing activities?!
You are a joke...your words have no value!  The GOP is showing what immoral liars they are tonight..and you are towing the line!
Medicaid cuts are NOT a good thing despite what you say, it hurts the people who need it the most!
How are you going to vote on the skinny bill? I hope it's a no. You were voted in, you can just as easily be voted out.
@SenateGOP Vote no on the Health Care Freedom Act (skinnyrepeal). #SkinnyRepeal
And you voted to take away our healthcare BECAUSE!?
Colorado resident here, how about you vote NO on the "skinny repeal"?
We will hold you accountable for your destabilization of CO and the US in 2020.
you also voted to sanction people with health needs.
Well now now vote No on healthcare skinny repeal then maybe you'll be worth the applause
No need justifying your #SkinnyRepeal vote, we know you are just a pawn & can't think for yourself (let alone the BLUE state you represent).
So that makes it Okay if you kill millions of americans with Trumpcare?!  We are watching you @SenCoryGardner
And we will vote to sanction YOU in the next election. You don't represent us, you represent your pocketbook.
The bill should have woven China in there somewhere. Is there a chance your new bill will pass, or are China sanctions off limits to some?
Yeah! Now do something constructive to fix healthcare! Enough with trying to sabotage it! Work WITH dems FOR Colorado
That's not what he does. He meets with donors and votes against the best interest of Colorado. At least he's consistent. 11/3/20
Hey! What a coincidence! At 2am when you're taking your sneaky healthcare vote, they'll be just waking up in those places! #corythecreep

Where's Cory you also voted to make yourself richer and take Americans off of insurance.
Please vote no on skinny repeal- protect the voters who sent you to Washington to look out for those of us who live in Colorado- like me
Thank you! Now please vote no on #skinnyrepeal
You also voted to destabilize insurance markets. 
You've shown your true lack of integrity.No matter what else you do, you are tainted. We will remember 11/3/20 & so will you.
What about your vote against health insurance?
Now save our Health care. A person's life shouldn't be a political toy.  Do the right thing.
Vote no - protect health care for all. Show us that you listen to your Colorado constituents.
Great job I'm sure that took so much courage. Now maybe you can stop voting to destroy the healthcare system.
Good! You must also vote no on the bogus skinny health care farce.
Cardboard Cory!  You made TRMS tonight and you haven't held a townhall in over 400 days. Shame on you Senator.
We call you cardboard Cory. You know why!
... and us ordinary Citizens who learned to follow the news. Trump is creating chaos in our nation. We need decent leadership.
And what about Trump's "destabilizing activities". What are you going to do about him? Our allies are concerned, businesses that export...
How about voting to stop this ridiculous and f*d up plan to repeal Obamacare. You're constituents deserve better (than you and that plan!).
Great, now please grow a spine and vote against repeal. Country before party!
Now please do the right thing and vote No on ACÁ repeal.
And now you stand ready to vote this horrible health care bill. Betrayal. Shameful.
Thanks. Now vote NO on skinny ACA.
No vote NOT to take away health care from over half a million of your constituents.
2020
I see you shiny object but I won't lose sight of the fact that you voted to take away health insurance from 534,000 Coloradans. #BCRA #ACA
Vote no on the Skinny Repeal. I live in Welby, Colorado 80229
.@SenCoryGardner Ignore these useful idiots! My personal experience proves Obamacare was a disaster; now the mess has to be cleaned up.
You also voted for a ridiculous healt care bill.
Ok...now vote no on this bullshit healthcare bill that no one has even seen yet. This isn't normal or ok. Do right by CO for a change!
@SenateGOP Do we get to hold you and the GOP responsible for destabilizing healthcare?
OMG, you have do a conscience and know what is right....once in your career. #onetermsenator
Then continue doing the right thing and put forward a single payer healthcare system. Math is simple less costly for us better for USA,GOP
Credit where credit is due. Good job.
@GOP 
Cannot understand how privileged  Congress
Votes for 16M lose HC
200,000 DIE

While taxpayers give you a 75% subsidy
On YOUR govt HC
Definitely Iran.
Yeah, and now you are voting to take away our HC
CBO says
200K die
16M lose insurance
Rich CEOs still get tax break
Top 1% tax break
Monster
If you believe such regimes deserve sanctions you should publicly condemn the moments Trump supports other autocrats.
You can't cherry pick when to stand up against our adversaries or when to promote American values
When can we have a town call?
We're going to vote to hold you accountable for your destabilizing activities.
Well vote no on repealing healthcare. Not how bills should be made into law, not what your constituents want.
And you voted to repeal the ACA without a replacement after saying you wouldn't. Where is your tweet about that?
Who cares
Hollow words if you continue to support a President that legitimizes regimes shifting towards authoritarianism. I.e.; Poland, Turkey etc.
Do not vote to defund Planned Parenthood or repeal the ACA! Englewood 80113
Funny you should use the word "accountable" as you certainly are not accountable to your constituents. Or you think you aren't.
We know better. You are accountable to us, not donors, we will hold you accountable to us. We will make sure you know it too.
Good vote Senator Gardner, thank you.
Vote no on this hc stuff
#ImpeachTrump
We won! Hahahahaha
