did you get some more ? You're going to need it! 2020 #wherescory
I see you got an award, cute. Meanwhile we are all concerned about healthcare.
Nothing like a cozy little love-bubble, is there @SenCoryGardner? But I suggest working up some courage & venturing into the real world too.
seriously? Are you just trying to show your absolute disdain for constituents? #coward
so you only take questions from the little guy when their boss is there to protect you. Coward
.@SenCoryGardner Good for you. How about a town hall for the rest of your constituents who don't have corporate funds to buy your interest.
.@SenCoryGardner
All the CRITICAL issues from #Trump Admin–you getting an award is LEAST important thing we need to hear about

#whereiscory
Did anyone at M/C ask you why you hate the people of Colorado so much?
#gonein2020
I wonder how much their lobbies group paid you.
could you possibly answer the questions your constituents have? I am one of them living in 80123. How could you vote devos?
congratulations!
cool should I seek employment at @MillerCoors so I can chat with ya?
that's great! Hand picked employees of a guy who raised money for Trump. Way to work for the people
How about talking to constituents now? Isn't it time to listen to the people that you should be representing?
Cory Gardner had time for an award and big business. What about the voters he betrayed.
Still rearranging the deck chairs hoping the shit doesn't hit the fan. When will you jump ship?
Congratulations. Please hold a town hall and meet with us, your constituents. We won't bite.
wow who would have thought big business would like you? Not shocked. Where's the townhall?
Cory the Coward. Running from his constituents. We will not forget.
congrats on your award! Was there a little $$ to fund your failed re-election campaign?
How SAD and WRONG that you are too much of a coward to answer to your constituents. Figures u were w/Coors
great. Did anyone ask about further investigation into Trumps' conflicts and Russia? Hope so.
oh, if we offer you an award then maybe you'll show up and meet with us???!
would be nice to meet with voters too - explain your votes  #doyourjob
Did you pick up a check?
#Indivisible #resist #Resistence
Tokens of appreciation are nice, but you will be out in 2020.
In person town hall please
if I could get a town hall with you in person I would give you the flying finger of fateaward
Devon Energy drafted emails on Oklahoma letterhead, and Pruitt signed them? Devon also gave over a $1m to Senate PACs
Meant to say hard-copy letters, not emails.
can MillerCoors throw you a Town Hall? WTH Cory. Guess your constituents don't matter. CO 80228.
when will you face constituents? #GOPCowards
Hahahahahaha! No. You are so out of touch.
RESIGN CORY , YOU ONLY WORK FOR THE RICH ,
Tele-meetings don't yield the emotion/healing of in-person #townhall meetings. People are scared. You are needed & can help.
Nice try. Still doesn't count.
To busy to go to a town hall because he is chilling with aliens and drinking beer?
you were in 80521 last night but could only attend a fancy dinner and accept an award?  Sad!
Stop being such a coward and hold a town hall. We promise to not hurt your feelings. #notpaidtoprotest
congrats on your award. Little smaller than your award from DeVos. Town hall meeting, please!
You are refusing to meet with your constituents. You are supposed to represent #allofColorado. Hold a town hall!
Anyone ask about the lack of healthcare alternative. Trump promised all covered at lower rates?!?
love what you are doing ! But please protect our wildlife in our beautiful state too!
We'll give you a participation ribbon if you come to our town hall tomorrow!
Still on the run, eh @SenCoryGardner?
but you won't meet with your constituents.  Do your job!
.@SenCoryGardner @ShopFloorNAM @MillerCoors Why won't you take questions from your constituents? Why do you keep dodging us? You work for us
conference calls are not town halls! go to some actual meetings with actual voters!
so what are your thoughts on unions, considering CO's influential history in their creation?
How about a statement condemning xenophobia? A statement supporting our children, trans included?
what about taking questions from your constituents? We want a town hall. 80528.
I'm not sure what you're afraid of in meeting with your constituents.  Don't hide behind the "paid" protester excuse.  80129
Coors employees HATE what's happened 2 the company! Maybe if u spoke with them you'd WAKE UP.
Cool, so if I give you an award, will you listen to me too? What about $50k? What will it take to listen to constituents?
Very bad idea to not have a public meeting
#whereiscory #itscorytime #itsmillertime
Proud of you for answering questions. Looking forward to you answering some of mine at your Fri night townhall in Denver.
Do you have time to investigate Russian collusion w the Trump campaign? My healthcare?
Stand tough against the protesters, Senator Gardner!  Most of us want obamacare repealed and illegals and terrorists gone.
We are his constituents. We are not protestors. He refuses to meet with the people he purports to rep.
How about talking to your constituents?
Did any ask you why you're siding with Trump 100% of the time, against Coloradans best interests?
The only award you deserve is for playing hide and seek with your constituents. #wherescory
wow that's really great Cory. That's kind of like a town hall but still no. 
It's time for a town hall.  The longer you make us wait, the angrier we'll be.
nearly as bad as Budweiser. Will watch for you at the Pueblo townhall tomorrow. Yeah right...
I feel badly that I have been riding your case Senator, you're just doing what you have to do.
you should be ashamed of yourself.  Why won't you meet with constituents?  #recallcory
