so do your constituents have to donate $3000 like Verizon did to get you to meet with us? #whereiscory?
is a paid protestor.
fantastic I'll use my @verizon phone to navigate me to your next town hall. Which is when exactly?
Have you considered not posting #Sponsored tweets, Senator?
do you think with 5g you will actually answer your phone or show up for a town hall? Because if so I'll pay u 4 it
I suppose your going to meet with them? How about your constituents? What are you afraid of?
Hold a Town Hall, Cory. #wherescory
nothing to do with you.
yes thrilled. Where the hell are you?
Why want you meet in person at a town hall meeting with the people who elected you?
now, you can not respond even faster? 11/3/20
@SweetzonWheels @verizon now if they can't 3/4 g stable it might be news worthy
Senator, if you are truly into communication, why not meet with and  LISTEN to your constituents? #WheresCory
Ouch, this hurts.  Those of us that live in rural Colorado would just like service that works at all.
Can you hear me now? No, we can't, because you won't show up for a town hall..
#DoYourJob
Come! Drop by your state some time and meet your constituents.
how about the future of your constituents
this is what you chose to tweet about?! The people are trying to reach you about serious issues.
They gave him money. He is obligated to shill for them, because he's bought and paid for.
can you hear me now??? HOLD A TOWN HALL
More fluff from our cowardly Colorado senator. What's going on with investigation into Russian hacking?
#OneTermGardner
what about us in rural CO? Our cell/internet service is a dinosaur. Again, large voter pops win & rural loses.
We're all losing as Garder sells out his constituents and refuses to face them in a public town hall.
Agreed. However, rural areas tend to lose out more.
Agreed. It shouldn't be urban v. rural though. Fighting each other let's these crooks get away with it.
i know it's hard to be away from DC. It's your safe space from all these annoying constituents. #unpaid. 80210.
Dud, you missed a few town hall meetings.
Resign if you don't want to do your job.
Do your job!  Meet with your constituents. Show us your courage, don't hide behind smokescreen. Show leadership instead.
maybe Verizon will help connect you to your constituents! Co voter 80228. Can they help you host at town hall?

how about that town hall?
Why are you pretending no one is trying to get in contact with you Senator Gardner?
you aren't excited about the future of wireless, you hate phones! #findingcory
I am not sure that you even know how to use a phone, you never answer yours!
maybe you will come to Denver and hang out with your constituents! We want a town hall. CAN YOU HEAR ME NOW?
OHHH! That's the reason you're not answering your phone? Hope this helps.
Excited to hear you position on ACA.  #wilcoryshow
.@SenCoryGardner @verizon You know what would be *actually* thrilling? If you showed your face to constituents at a town hall.
now, if we could just do something about the costs.
Can you hear me now????
maybe @verizon can provide you with a phone so your constituents can reach you !! #whereiscory  #PickUp
Maybe they can help set up a TOWN Hall?
I think you're excited about the corporate donations you're squirreling away. #boughtandpaidfor #CORRUPTION
A public town hall this week would be a great way to announce this! It’s a District Work Session, after all!
Senator, can we chat? You're message box is always full
No amount of 5G will make me forget you voted for DeVos to wreck our schools and Pruitt to poison our air and water
Nobody trusts you. You're just a bought politician like all of them. Doesn't matter how many tweets you send out.
I dropped Verizon too when it became clear they didn't care about constituent, er customer satisfaction...
Makes it easier to call for medical help I won't be able to afford once you strip away our healthcare. Awesome....
awesome. Now we can ask you for a townhall even faster. You sure do love big business!
How thrilled are you about our Civil Rights? Muslim ban, LGBTQ, healthcare, Russian collusion... DO YOUR JOB
how about a town hall in person!
Keep jobs & high tech coming Colorado! Many constituents would love to chat Jobs, HC, etc. Will you listen to us?
Cool. Verizon listens to their customers. Favorable reaction. I wonder if Senator Gardner might learn anything 
Where to begin? You ignore your constituents. You side with hate. But you have signed your own dim fate. #TheResistance
what great news! Now you can call your office from anywhere and tell them to get that town hall scheduled!
Their investment in the region has been lacking for years. Just catching up to make money, no credit to you
Call me.
who needs healthcare, clean air/water, education if you've got 5G... Let them eat cake?
yeah, I'm sure you had a big part in it, too. Do your job. Meet with constituents.
Yeah, yeah, all things corporate give you a thrill.  How is that open town hall schedule coming?  #whereiscory #coward
I wonder if Trump profits from this?  Of course, no tax returns, so no way to say.  Do your damn job.
Honestly at this point I think you're just trolling us. Really, why send *this many* completely pointless off-topic tweets?
