Comey replacements: White House confirms shortlist to head FBI - via @brookefoxnews

http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/05/12/comey-replacements-white-house-confirms-shortlist-to-head-fbi.html …
@FoxNews @brookefoxnews no new FBI director until there is a special prosecutor for #trumprussia do your job Cory
Enjoy it while it last! This is the end of your political career!
Umm you sir... get no say. Do your job coward!!!! Just because you have ZERO chance in 2020 doesn't mean you can hide from us.
Your phones are busy all morning.  Coloradans want a special prosecutor and a town hall.  Do your job.
Gardner=Trump
Yes and why should we trust your judgement?
Loyalty to TRUMP or CONSTITUTION?????
Amen brother!
Where's your integrity Senator? Keep that in mind whenever your face to face with your constituents.
In addition, it's time to hold a real townhall. Your constituents demand it. Unless you want us to swing your seat to the left in #2020
You seem to be putting the cart before the horse. Before considering a replacement you have a duty to investigate why Comey was really fired
No, we need a special prosecutor. Party or country, @SenCoryGardner . You swore an oath to us. Keep it.
We can not allow 45 to choose who leads the investigation into HIM! This is not a dictatorship. It's time to talk impeachment.
You play politics when our country is in danger? Clearly - like Rosenstein - you've been bought. We need an independent on RU investigation
@FoxNews @brookefoxnews you are enabling @realDonaldTrump obstruction of justice. You will be out of a job come 2020
Excellent or not, can we have no picks until we get to the bottom of the investigation, first? The integrity of the country is at stake.
Sen Cory Gardner thank you for letting us know you stand with Russia. We hoped you would have protected our own democracy. Now we know.
Why won't you stand up for integrity in our govt? Vast majority of us want independent investigation into #Trumprussia. Firing Comey OK by u
Fine. Then please call for an independent investigaion into Russia-Trump campaign collusion. #ImNotPaid #ColoradoVoter #ZIP80230
Our country's abusive Russian stepfather just shot the family dog, and you're telling us how nice the new one will be??? Do the right thing.
Your silence is a slap in the face to the Framers when they developed the legislative system and its connection to the people. #Colorado
Don't you ever read the concerns of your voters? Have you heard your colleagues town halls, are you afraid to address us?! #Colorado
Could not agree more. Suthers would be a great pick.
@FoxNews @brookefoxnews Senator, only considerations should be made for FBI director after an independent counsel is chosen.
Great Choice
Is he A trump stooge like you
If you recommend I'll have to oppose. You are party and screw your constituents.
You already screwed us with Gorsuch...why don't you ask to independent prosecutor for TrumpRussia like your constituents have asked???
No, he wouldn't. Resign bozo
You need to worry about the dismantling of our democracy happening right on your watch with your blessing. #SpecialProsecutorNow
Your silence Comey firing is pathetic. Shame on you for putting party before county. Shows you're a political hack with 0 integrity
So @SenCoryGardner you want him to go down in disgrace? Why would anyone do that? @POTUS destroys all he touches, including Suthers #GOPFail
We want an independent investigation!
That we're looking for a replacement i ludicrous. Stand up and demand a #IndependentInvestigation
You sir are completely out of touch with your constituents and continue to pursue your personal gains not those of this great state.
Put the republic in Republican and protect it! Your endorsement lacks respect. #SpecialProsecutor
Good guy just don't pledge allegiance to the Cheeto . Need objectivity and honesty
Another radical. I believe Republicans should be held to the same standard YOU held Dems THE LAST 8 yrs. Where's all that righteousness now?
you have bigger issues to worry about.. listen to CO and how we voted and our calls requesting a special prosecutor.
No independent prosecutor. Investigation needs bipartisanship and transparency. Public needs to be able to evaluate evidence/process.
You endorsed DeVos and Pruitt, so Suthers must really suck.
If you recommended him I seriously doubt he's worthwhile. So far you haven't represented us as your constituents. Can't wait to vote you out
Said it before, I'll say it again, being @SenCoryGardner social media intern is the worst job in #copolitics
You are fiddling while Rome burns. A special prosecutor is the minimum requirement to restore faith in our democracy. Country before party!
@paulkrugman accurately described you and your dodging today - Left my request for special prosecutor w/ others
So you can put more of your hacks in DC?
You also thought Jeff Sessions would make a good AG and Scott Pruitt a good EPA head so you don't really have a good track record.
Does a tweeted warning about consequences of a testimony constitute witness tampering?  It certainly toes the line.
NOT GETTING RE-ELECTED
Why would you recommend a good Colorado person to be any where near our crazy President!
Are you not concerned about Trump's abuse of power? Your silence adds up to loyalty and not honesty.
You need to stop the hiding and call for an independent investigation. This party over country approach of @SenateGOP @HouseGOP is not good.
Special INDEPENDENT Prosecutor before any recommendations. We need to trust first! Listen to all of these people!!
I don't care about your FBI recommendation. I want a special prosecutor to look into Trump teams behavior and you to support this!
So u r saying that Suthers wants to be a Trumpkisser like u? Hindsight is 2020.
If you had anyone answering your phones you'd know that your constituents are calling for an independent investigation.
Until we have a special prosecutor & full investigation into Russian ties w/ Trump campaign there is no good next FBI leader
suggest you recommend  independent investigator or ask DOJ to appoint independent prosecutor. Your recommendation 'normalizes' the abnormal.
Aren't you concerned that w/ an ongoing investigation into T's campaign, even if fruitless, will be led by political appointee?
Do the right thing Cory. Special prosecutor, or you're on the wrong side of history. Shameful! Sad! And losing your job if you don't....
You are not a good judge of character, you throw in with the corrupt, criminal, and marginally insane instead of the people of Colorado. Boo
WHY ARE YOU TALKING TO THE WHITE HOUSE ABOUT ANYTHING.
Forgot to mention... Suthers is a hard no from me!
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR!
How about prioritizing a response to a criminal president who's obstructing justice by his own admission? SPECIAL PROSECUTOR!
No one should be appointed to head the FBI until the current investigations are complete.  Your voting constituent.
The senate should be shut down and no further appointments made. Trump is mentally ill and we need an independent investigation.
Impeach Trump!!
Hey Cory: Senators can be recalled. Don't get too comfortable thinking you have 4 years left
Who should be the independent investigator of Trump's Russia ties
Having a town hall would be an excellent voice for you.  Not excited that you choose not to.
Oh. Please NO!
And really we can't depend on your judgement you back the !
When are you gonna stand up for the republic senator!
i'd love to hear more about your thinking re: suthers at a REAL TOWN HALL! preferably at red rocks.
Get a back bone and do the job that you have been elected to do. Is it party or the country that comes first? The WH is corrupt!
JEFF Sessions stop holding him back
No FBI appointment till we have a special prosecutor! Do your job and prove that you are a patriot and not a partisan.
Ask yourself how you would act if the only change in this narrative was that Hillary was the president. And try not to lie.
But please, keep us all posted on all the ways you're ignoring this constitutional crisis. Maybe send pictures of your food?
What do you know about excellent choices? You support our terrifyingly incompetent president. That's the replacement we want to hear about.
When will you put country over party and call for an impeachment of this criminal farce of an executive branch? Do your job.
I don’t care about the FBI head at the moment — appointing a special #prosecutor should be your priority. Do your job! FYI, I live in 80126.
You know the investigation into Trump is now the priority with the FBI, right? Right? Right.
NO NEW #FBIDirector APPOINTMENT UNTIL WE GET A #SPECIALPROSECUTOR (yes, I am yelling)
I don't trust anything coming from you. You haven't stood up to Trump. We need a special prosecutor, NOW!
If you had anyone answering your phones you would know that your constituents are calling for an independent investigation.
Interesting. I'd love to talk to you in person about your thoughts. When's the town hall?
Independent investigator first. New director later. Listen to those who vote.
Trump has corroded the reputation of everybody he touches. You appear to be on that list.
We, your constituents, are waiting to see how complicit you are in the Trump administration coverup.
Appointment of FBI independent prosecutor must be appointed for the Russia investigation before ANYONE is confirmed. We're watching U, Sen.
@SenCoryGardner When are you going to put country and Colorado over party and your own aspirations?
Please abstain from confirming anyone until after the Russia investigation has been completed.
Special prosecutor!!!!
Time to put country before party and demand an independent investigation!
The president just brazenly obstructed justice, and you're "excited" at the "local boy makes good" aspect of it.  Unbelievable. #complicit
Your employers are wanting a Special Prosecutor  Now!  When will to demand this in the Senate?
Join @SenBennetCO in asking for a special prosecutor.
Pro Trumper here: I'm split on whether it'd be better to keep smothers from killing the FBI or to gleefully eject him from Colorado Springs.
I'm starting to think you are guilty of something shady. Why else would you continue to give this guy 100% support
That is great Senator, I would like you to weigh in on the Trump/Russia collusion.  How about a special prosecutor?  Well, we are waiting...
I would rather be pecked to death by ducks than accept any recommendation from you. #Colorado #youwillbeaccountable #failedsenator
So he fired the guy investigating him and asking for resources... and you crow about someone on a list, not the obstruction? Wow#TrumpRussia
THIS is your response to the blatant corruption in the WH? Wow. Enjoy the rest of your term, Senator. #timetofindanewjob
I wouldn't trust anyone you would recommend!  Do your job!  Demand a special prosecutor!
Bennett and Coffman have called for an Independent Commission. Stand up, Senator!
C'mon Cory...youre a not for long senator and you can't weigh in with something more substantial? Special prosecutor?
Suthers would be a horrible choice. How about somebody not connected to the #GOP agenda of #damage & #mayhem.
#trumprussia #lasttermcory
Listen to your constituents @SenCoryGardner. Special. Prosecutor. Now.
Mulvaney said he doesn't think people with diabetes deserve healthcare. This IS Trumpcare 
And from Fox News - the state run media. Totalitarian much? Ashamed to have you represent my great state.
You can take the time to weigh in on this yet you can't hold town halls and  office can't answer calls. We want special prosecutor 4 trump!
Sure sounds like you're complicit in this traitorous russian mess.
I am thinking you should be focusing on saving our country from trump right now. Country over party, be a patriot.
You're clearly on the wrong side of your constituents and will be found on the wrong side of history.
With all due respect sir, it's unacceptable for the Senate to even consider a permanent director after WH's suspect behavior
As a CO resident I promise I'll remember when you're up in 2020
Time for an independent investigation, Senator...
Are you also recommending an independent investigator into Russian tampering? If not, I don't want to hear it.
.@sencorygardner, until we have an independent special prosecutor looking into Russia's meddling, there are no good choices to lead the FBI.
Special prosecutor. 

Do your job. 

Then we'll worry about what puppet he wants in the FBI.
call a Special Prosecutor, Senator. Stop hemming and hawing, throwing your hands in the air and saying, "Not my Committee!"
Please recommend first an independent investigation. Time to put country over party Senator
I don't trust you,  what makes you think the people will ever trust a recommendation from you.
Read the writing on the wall and get on the right side of this before it all comes crashing down. Special. Prosecutor. Now.
Are you okay? Or have you downloaded your consciousness onto the internet just to avoid meeting with your constituents?
Are you okay? Is The President holding you hostage? Blink twice if yes.
The rationale of Comey's firing should concern anyone wanting truth about Trump's Russian involvement. We need a special prosecutor.
81233, and not paid....
No one cares what you think Complicit Cory
Is he a loyal stooge that will put an end to the Russian investigation?  Notice you still refuse to call for a Special Prosecutor.
Would love to see you follow @RepMikeCoffmans example and call for an independent investigation.
Do mandatory sentencing guidelines apply to obstruction of justice witness tampering?
When are you going to speak out about @POTUS's intimidation, obstruction of FBI investigation? Unacceptable to remain silent on this issue!
He could serve as special prosecutor. That is if you and the rest of R's would stop enabling the dictator and do your job.
Your compliancy is pathetic. Your an embracement to all patriotic Colorado citizens. History will not be kind, nor CO voters 
@FoxNews @brookefoxnews Ok. But what about an independent investigation?
2020
dude seriously, the only words you should be speaking are "obstruction of justice" unless you're complicit, wait are you?
No way Senator! You're not taking our mayor to serve in that cesspool. Besides, Suthers has way too much integrity. Trump wants a stooge.
First, special prosecutor and independent investigation. Second, Sessions resignation. Third, impeachment. Then we can talk FBI head.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!
President Chernobyl is in full melt down. Are you going to stand up for America or just continue to worry about the @GOP?
Cory...why dont you make a name for your self by calling out Trump.  Choose integrity over expediency...sincerely, your constituent
Have you no shame? You're a puppet. Can't wait to vote against you. 2020
Cory, call for a special prosecutor NOW!
All Cory does is mimic Trump. He has no spine.
I have a recommendation for you: town hall and special prosecutor!
Instead of sucking up for attention, how about calling for an independent prosecutor & putting country before party? #copolitics
Are you kidding me? Government overreach, anyone? Country before authoritarian party. Special prosecutor NOW
Wrote a book on consumer protection and white collar crime? Yea, fat chance your GOP colleagues and President go there..
Would you demand he investigate Trump's ties to Russia? If not, you are complicit in 45's cover up #Resist #Out2020
Complicit Cory
Declare support for an independent prosecutor now (before the Trump train crashes with ypu on it)!
you're almost as much of narcissist as Trump. #copolitics
You have no credibility.
We can discuss that after the senate appoints an independent commission to investigate #TrumpRussia. Put country before party this time.
Thoughts on the firing? Call for independent investigator? Comment on threat to stop press briefings? Sounds authoritarian to me
WE WANT A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
