Today, I introduced the KOMBUCHA Act! This bill will end fed. alcohol taxes & update regs. for #kombucha industry. http://polis.house.gov/news/documentsingle.aspx?DocumentID=398294 …
Awesome, strong work for small business. Now let's please focus on Trump's Russia bromance. #resist
I think breathable air and potable water is more vital than fermented drinks.  Vote NO on #pollutingPruitt! Zip: 80401
Nice try Cory you should of voted No for DeVos, Flynn among other things
It is nice you are trying to make yourself look like a Moderate Republican.
But we are now going to judge you based on your voting record.  We have created a list
of how you have actually voted. Not what you sponsored cause that is irrelevant.
How you vote is what matters.  Your voting record is not moderate it is Alt. Right.
Enjoy your last four years in office. Keep calling us paid, keep ignoring us, keep not facing us.
In four years we are ready for any campaign you try to run. 2020 we are not showing up for you.
Thank God you realized issue at heart of #WomensMarch! Glad to pay your salaries.
Jared, glad youre working on something as critical as *kombucha*... Mind asking Cory to come back to CO?
seriously love kombucha, but maybe you could also investigate that POTUS & Russia thing? 80132
you know, there are more pressing matters, right?
Maybe you could set aside time for something important (zip code 80005).
WE HAVE BIGGER ISSUES TO WORRY ABOUT! #GTFOH!
Kombucha is such a high priority.  Where was your concern when you sold Colorado kids to DeVos
so happy in fact that I forgot I am still being taxed for purchasing tampons once a month.
 I am so happy this is at the top of your lists on things to do for your constituents.
I like kombucha but aren't there more pressing matters to work on rt now?!? Like Russia ties to Trump #notpaid #81212
glad you boys are working on what matters. How about the ENVIRONMENT? Vote no to Pruitt! 80211
holy fucking shit this is what you guys are thinking about right now? Kombucha?
this is literally the first time I've read the word kombucha in months. Begging you to be relevant.
maybe you're thinking, "I've been ridiculous so I'll win them back. Heard the Whole Foods crowds likes its kombucha."
so happy that I forgot you still haven't scheduled a town hall with your constituents!
Did Sen Gardner need $49.8k to work on this? If we pay him $49.8k will he look in to Trump/Russia?
you are so out of touch!!! When are you going to have a town hall so we can talk to you? #hide?
Are you serious? I think he's serious. Your senator at work folks. Never mind the crises. KOMBUCHA
And by "work with" you mean "take credit for without contributing".  Maybe you should pay attention to the YUUGE issues.
What a relief. I've called your office regularly since the election to offer my thoughts on Kombucha regs Thx for listening.
Do you think there's room in your schedule to address less urgent issues such as: relationship between POTUS & Russia? 80234
Coward, show your face to your constituents
dial 1-800-who cares. Really going after the huge issues. Great job.
now try listening on more important matters. #noonpruitt #epa #townhall
@RepJ you hold the town halls and I'll bring the Kombucha
I'm so relieved that you are working on the important issues? WTF! You all are useless hacks.
more worried about nominations & Russia and unstable president. #fail #tryagain
You have some gall to pass this off as relevant. Unpaid Colorado constituent, Zip 80524.
WOW REALLY GOING AFTER THE HARD STUFF RIGHT NOW
Oh, what in the actual f*ck, Gardner. You've stopped even pretending to do your job.
Well, I guess Gardner's done one thing I can support! Next: #noOnPruitt
.@SenCoryGardner important work you’re doing. What about healthcare?
you have to be kidding.
Read a newspaper or watch TV news.
Senator Gardner is missing to his Colorado constituents. 2020 will be here soon.
POTUS conspires with Russia but you're worried about Kombucha? Are you mentally stable dude?
oh please do something important like get that fuckin Russian puppet out of the Whitehouse
80113 is so glad you solved these kombucha issues while POTUS is pissing on the Constitution.
How about climate issues, voting ur party again N again. Ur not our voice anymoreWe care about Russia/Trump #ImNotPaid 80550
2018...ya'll be lookingfor new jobs
the big issues am I right?
because there aren't more important things to work on?
Draining the swamp and filling it with KOMBUCHA!!  Don't you get embarrassed with this dribble?  80222
You know & America knows Flynn made those calls at Trump's request. Investigate!  DO YOUR JOB!!
, ask @RepJaredPolis about holding a town hall. He did a great job on Monday- 1 hr teleconference. #easy #TownHall
Will #Kombucha be a covered med under the GOP health insurance plan?
did you get paid $47k for this vote too, or just for DeVos?
Do your job and investigate Russian interference with POTUS election! BTW, when is the town hall... we're waiting...
are you sure you understand the term "proud"?
Talk about rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic. Did you hear the POTUS worked with RUSSIA?
As their President says/tweets "Fake News from the failing Republican Party"
This is the most important thing to work on right now? Really?
From COLORADO RESIDENT 80015
*This* is your top priority with new evidence of Trump/Putin collaboration to steal US election???
Everyone I talk to in CO is totally fine with the whole Putin-owns-Trump thing but man are they up in arms about kombucha! 
Cory, how nice to see you! How about you come to CO and have a little chat & 'bucha with your constituents?
Heaven forbid you do something productive, like...I don't know...investigate treason???
.@SenCoryGardner @RepJaredPolis @RepTipton Aren't there more important things going on right now than fermented teas?! #MessedUpPriorities
How about we focus on Russia instead? #imnotpaid from 80129
Does the #kombucha industry donate to your campaign?
If I promise to look up Kombucha, will you take pride in responding to your constituents next?
What about an investigation of Flynn, Pence, Trump and Russia? What they've done has a bad smell.
Important work. Still haven't seen you around Colorado. Don't you like us anymore? Too many calls?
why would you want to do that CO needs money
I guess I can't argue you're not representing your constituents on this one…. Keep it up! @RepJaredPolis @RepTipton
so how's the view inside the pockets of BIG KOMBUCHA?
Shouldn't you focus more on American LIVES? Healthcare, foreign influence in elections, education?
pretty cool.  Now stand up for the people and work to uphold the Constitution.
The country is a bit of a dumpster fire right now, but LET'S WORRY ABOUT KOMBUCHA!
Trump is a fraud.
