Vote no on the latest Senate abomination of healthcare repeal/pretend-to-replace. Represent real Coloradoans, not billionaires.
The new healthcare bill will harm many people--Medicaid, children born with health problems and with pre existing conditions.  Vote no
I know you are aware but you need to think long and hard that you will be a part of peoples death sentence if you vote to repeal the ACA.
Vote no on the Graham-Cassidy bill. Not only is it a mistake to rush a hc bill, this bill will harm millions of people. @IndivisibleCOS
@indivisibleCO3 @indivisibleco6 the bill will make hc unaffordable for those of us with preexisting conditions. Vote no. @csgazette @Reuters
You have about 400 replies telling you that Single-payer health insurance is what the people want. Maybe you should listen.
Thank you. Listen, and vote NO on #GrahamCassidy!
Do they know how many of their citizens will lose health care if you & GOP goes ahead with this insane bill??
Hey Cory keep your hands off our healthcare. The GOP does not know how to govern for the people.Just corporations !
Bill Cassidy says he has your vote on Graham-Cassidy.
Really Senator, haven't we all already been through all this? As an MD, I am appalled.
Betray your donors, not your constituents. You will come out ahead and be a happier person.
Did you tell these hard working people that you plan to take $10 dollars from their pocket and hand it to Texas?
Colorado - Has Sen Gardner shared how much CassidyGrahamTrumpcare will redistribute funding from Colorado?  Vote NO
How Graham-Cassidy redistributes federal money

https://www.axios.com/vitals-2486505861.html … 

Do ur constituents know that if #GrahamCassidy passes, u+fam will be covered for preexisting conditions but they+ their families won't?
2020
He will be ousted
Where's Cory
ANOTHER Obamacare repeal vote? We have been through this already. Medicare For All, or fund ACA. Stop threatening people's health!
@realDonaldTrump comments and retweets on Twitter today are undignified & unacceptable. Make a stand or go down with him. Silence=agreement.
Oh huh you man you actually came home to Colorado to do something??? Wow I'm surprised
You're such an insignificant senator
Did you discuss an #EMP disaster plan?  Probably not. Guessing your ranch has a backup generator
I am a colorado native/resident. Vote no on the #GrahamCassidy bill, it takes millions of dollars of funding OUT of Colorado.
Please vote against the Cassidy bill! It guts medicaid and protection for preexisting conditions, and 32 million would lose coverage!
Under the latest GOP #Trumpcare bill, Cassidy-Graham, Colorado would lose $823 Million in federal funding. #ProtectOurCare VOTE NO!
ICYMI - Gardner continues to stay silent in the face of more tweets from the juvenile in the WH promoting violence against women.
Where are you on #GrahamCassidy? We expect a no vote! It'll gut funding here in CO, who you supposedly represent (if in case you forgot)!
Did you get that speech I gave at the UN on digital and physical infrastructure? I sent it to you offering my help...
Save our #healthcare
How about Boulder and Denver? Or do you just want kudos from the rural Trumpsters?
Yes, the president once bragged about committing sexual assault. Now he jokes about violence against a woman. GOPers must be so proud.
Please Corey we need tax relief we are tired of living paycheck to paycheck my 85 year old mother needs it also
Please protect pre-existing conditions!!!
Please stop Graham-Cassidy act! Save the ACA! CBO says this!
@SenCoryGardner is all talk talk talk. Chatty Cory. You know nothing except how to lick GOP boots. Hindsight is #2020.
Head on over here to the front range. We'd love to chat with you.
I hope you have the intestinal fortitude to NOT support @LindseyGrahamSC's latest repeal and replace bull crap bill.
And pray tell what was the substance of said discussions? Do you have any plans to release transcripts or even a summary?
Why not pass lower taxes? Do your job!
NO #trumpcare VOTE NO. WE WANT THE ACA!!
No no no on the graham health care proposal which doesn't protect preexisting conditions. Guess it's time for your daily call!
Please protect preexisting conditions
But you did nothing to preserve net neutrality.
After 2 1/2 hours, 5 retweets, 10 likes, 16 replies (well 17 now), all but one negative. You're not exactly in football spiking terrain.
If you support the #FCC's proposal to reclassify broadband as 1Mbps and above, this meeting has no real impact.
We need faster internet in these areas. Private business needs to see an incentive to build it out. I don't want to see government do it
Admirable. What is your stance on newly resurrected #Trumpcare bill?
Burning it up!
Do you EVER interact with minorities? ...oh shit, I forgot, you're a Republikkkan. Nevermind. #HaveATownHallOnDenversWSide
Don't forget the western slope and southwest corner.  Of course we never see you down here
So happy to see @SenCoryGardner actually doing something and not being a pawn of @realDonaldTrump.  Glad you got a spine Cory
Weld co. Colorado has the worst broadband. Most communities have no choice but to use slow services that are capped!

I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
"Looking forward to voting to strip millions of health care and tell more lies about the ACA." ~ Trump Rubber Stamp, C.Gardner
Do you support the Graham-Cassidy act to once again try to strip healthcare and benefits from millions? This is not a hard question.
Yeah? But you'll vote to take away their healthcare won't you Comrade?
