Too bad you voted to take away many vets' health care today. Repeal and replace Cory Gardner.
Ditto
When he said we shouldn't spike the ball that BRCA was "dead" last week I went to his office and spiked a ball in celebration
Senator Gardner Trumpcare bill's a mess & will increase costs for everyone. Premiums & deductibles will skyrocket. Don't vote for it.
PLEASE preserve our healthcare! Don't repeal the ACA.
Here's an idea, why don't you talk to the people of Colorado and how they feel about the proposed health legislation too  #quithiding
Ooh! Ooh! I've had that idea... but I'll totally give you credit, Sara  whatta ya think @SenCoryGardner - wanna talk America with us?


This makes all the major insurance associations opposed. https://twitter.com/jrovner/status/890597282000900098 …
Surprised you actually showed your face for once
And then you voted to kill them and their families. Sad!
Did you mention that you're going to take away their Medicaid? What'd they think of that?
How many of these people will lose their health care when you vote yes?
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/07/24/colorado-medicaid-would-lose-9-billion-with-senate-health-bill/ … Vote No!
Excellent, but please senator, do NOT vote to repeal ACA this week. Work with colleagues across the aisle for something even better.
Please tell us your plan on CSRs. Is unconscionable that you and your colleagues would let our premiums increase so much from inaction.

Please get behind Trump and stay there on all of his Agenda. It may not always be politically expedient but he's already got enough Wafflers
If you actually cared about Veterans you'd vote to keep the ACA.
You want to talk defense budget and North Korea with vets, BUT NOT ABOUT HEALTHCARE????
Hard to lay the blame squarely on a department who's responsibility keeps growing while being barred from hiring or even replacing workers.
Did you tell them why you voted to take away health care with no plan in place to replace it?
VA *issues* reported today in Denver Post. This is unacceptable for #Colorado vets. #Get2Work
Do not support this bill.
The current healthcare proposals will make things worse. Please oppose a MTP. CO voter  TY
too bad you don't seem to recognize the threat to Coloradoans posed by your OWN party! #VoteNo on this appalling wealthcare bill

#Medicaid & #CHIP cover 44% of children w/special health needs due to conditions such as autism, spina bifida & more http://kaiserf.am/2ur56vu  

VOTE NO on ACA repeal!!!
Did you discuss healthcare? I'm guessing that went down like a fart in a wetsuit.
Is this a paid dinner? What about our healthcare?
I am a CO vet, Cold war,you know Soviet Union, remember them? Just ask your buddy in WH. When are you standing up for  The world wonders
Did the issues include your collaboration with the #TRAITOR Trump or the threat to Americans from the @GOP who are screwing us on healthcare
Why are you scared of meeting with all of your constituents?  Count the number of votes you are losing to special groups only.  Grow a pair.
Why weren't all veterans notified of the meeting?
Vote NO on BRCA! If passed, will hurt our veterans!
Please work on a bipartisan solution with the Dems to fix all of health care. We deserve at least the effort, no matter how difficult it is.
The president attempts to pardon himself and his family, while the GOP tries endlessly to steal our healthcare. Outrageous. #disgustedvoter
Yet you vote AGAINST AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE.

All your posturing WILL NOT ERASE YOUR VOTES.

You have PROVEN YOU HAVE NO CARE FOR COLORADO.
But yet you can sell stolen military items and it's hardly a worry. What a disgrace. #Stolen #Military #Colorado #DanFrancis
Maybe you should talk healthcare with your constituents
How about our healthcare, & the threat from REPs...I see yr smiling face next to every evil REP trying to rip healthcare frm millions.COWARD
Why does the US need to spend even more on our military when many citizens have poor health care and education is being gutted? Priorities?

Here's video of the moment when people interrupted Sen. Gardner and when the police showed up to escort them out. 
Why aren't you in Washington fixing healthcare for all Americans?  What are you Republicans doing to advance the Trump agenda?
Did you talk to them about your stance on healthcare? Will you commit to defending  our rights to accessible and affordable healthcare?
Crickets
Stop pretending to care about veterans. I've been in your office with veterans pleading for answers, and you had us arrested. STOP LYING!
We need town meeting in denver
How about you talk to Coloradans about the Republican health care plan, in person?

RT: @CoryGardner #RepealAndRun is not up for debate. #KillTheBill & #ProtectOurCare! 
Really, where are you meeting with Coloradans?
Why don't you talk to other Coloradans?
My Gramps fought in the South Pacific during WW II. He's rolling in his grave, and would be so disappointed in our government now. For shame
Did you tell them you are taking away their healthcare? How about when they do away with the VA? Then what?
I work for the VA. Why am I held to higher ethical standards than Trump? What's good enough for me is good enough for him. Do something.
Did you remind them that you'll vote to remove healthcare or reassure them that there will be more vets soon if you can warmonger better?
You'll cut #Medicare, #Medicaid, and # Social Security to fund huge military budget. Shame! Tell us why at LIVE,IN PERSON town hall. Afraid?
There is like 10 people in the room, why don't you answer my emails!
Senator, again, you are trying to use N. Korea as cover for not addressing the GOP healthcare bill with your constituents.
I see my time away from mocking your "policy" hasnt gone unfilled by other angry citizens. You are a murderous cowardly traitor Cory. #2020
Did you tell them you want to pull the plug on their Medicaid benefits? Go CoryCare! Death Panels are actually real this time.
You and the GOP fool nobody! Vets will be hurt by YOUR repeal and replace..you are no patriot if you vote yes and or repeal!
You have a hell of a nerve talking about vets when you support AHCA which will hurt veterans! You & the GOP are evil! Veterans are watching
Your Senate HealthDeath bill will kill. And do will repeal! Represent your state! We don't want either!
Thx & keep protecting our #Freedom our #Constitution NOT ILLEGALS or CRIMINALS! #ALAC #ACTForAmerica #AmericaFirst #VeteransBeforeRefugees
2020
Healthcare is a human right senator
Did you explain to them how you're @realDonaldTrump's Yes Man? This administration & your lack of spine are scarier than North Korea
Why is it whenever you "talk with Coloradans" there are only a handful of handpicked Individuals? Town hall would be appreciated.
All due respect the #GOP is a bigger threat to our country than North Korea.
Are you willing to talk to the rest of your constituents?
Can non vets get a townhall?
The most immediate threat is the GOP. YOU are the threat to them and the USA for which they fought to protect... from people JUST like YOU.
Now let's get Obamacare repealed so the rest of us can have reasonable healthcare too.
as US Army vet I'm appalled your voting record & blind eye to treason & enemy attack on democracy & cruel healthcare
Where was my husband's invitation to your little gathering? Looks like you chose a very specific age group 
I love how you always try to make it appear you're doing good for Coloradans but in reality you're cutting healthcare for everyone else.
Cutting Medicaid will affect the Vets. Is you discuss that?
A friendly audience #waffleking!  You dodge the rest of us waiting for you to take a position on YOUR ACA replacement bill. Mitch 2 make U!!
@RepMikeCoffman already has this and is doing a good job.  What about healthcare?
Coward Cory keeps hiding.
Sounds good. How about discussing the threat to the US from the Prez?
Held anyone accountable for Denver VA Hospital cost overruns. VA has probs.
I really hope you are supporting the BRAVE Act, sir. Help our vets.
The 22 mil that will lose their health care didn't want it anyway. Kill Obamacare so the new and improved aca will actually be affordable.
how about the threat of people dying without healthcare and your not having a town hall?
What you really mean is your "asinine obsession with North Korea". You know, the one that keeps you from doing your job as Sen of CO? SAD!!!
Town Hall meetings. NOW.

In Colorado. WITH constituents. NOW!

DAMN IT.
At what point will you conduct a series of Town Hall meetings?
Worst approval rating in US politics... @SenCoryGardner give yourself a pat on the back!
How about talking about Treason for Trump?
#TreasonForTrump
You actually had 1 positive response out of 100 at least. Now spike that football and go take healthcare away from 32,000,000 Americans.
Is it true? Are you REALLY voting to take #healthcare away from #veterans & millions of others? 
SAY IT ISN'T SO!!
Did your staff let anyone ask Qs about healthcare? Have you decided whether you'll vote to repeal ACA w/o any plan to replace it?
Talking to them or talking with them?
And how many time were you treated at the VA. Quit killing people for every "enemy" you kill you crest ten more for no other reason thanhate
How about the threat of no health care?!
I'm a veteran.   But you won't talk to me.
Hiding from constituents like weasel Trump fluffer he is
Did you mention that 7,300 Colorado veterans will lose Medicaid benefits thanks to your healthcare bill? #BCRA #ACA
Bet they weren't keen on your cozy relationship with a Putin-lover like Trump.
Everything you tweet/say/do is worthless unless you vote against the "healthcare" bill. Worthless.

You and the blatant dismissal of your constituents is a bigger threat to Colorado than North Korea.
Did they tell you that they fought and sacrificed so millions of their fellow citizens can get the boot from their health insurance plans?
I'm a Colorado veteran. Where was my invitation? The current administration (you included) is a bigger threat to me than North Korea.
ah yes the #GOP speciality! scare old people into voting against their own interests with threats of evil foreign powers.
You need to discuss health care, and the threat from Trump and his administration and his lackeys - oops, that's you.
You have the nerve to tweet about talking to vets when you are taking away the healthcare of 33 million people, including those vets!
You are shameful, you do not care that you are shameful, and do not give a rip about your constituents!!! Cannot wait to get rid if you!
Did you mention repealing Heathcare for vets & the fact that you are complicit in aiding a treasonous president by your silence?
Do you ever do anything that is of any value to the people of Colorado?  Hey @SenCoryGardner please start to add value.
I live on the Western Slope and our insurance works fine. Leave it the hell alone.
Did you share your plans to do nothing when Trump fires Mueller?
You're selling your constituents out Sen. and fellow Coloradans wont let you have a second term until you stand up for us. #HindsightIs2020
Any questions on healthcare?  Share please.
What IS Congress doing about the North Korea threat? It seems like you're all more focused on taking HC away from those who need it most
Hold a real town hall! We know you can speak really loud, especially when you GOP people can't even get your party in line on healthcare.
That sounds like our presidents plan now get your spineless double talking butt behind him stop making me regret my vote for you
Where's Cory
This vet would like to see you fix the ACA rather then kick millions of my countryman off helthcare!! DO your damn job
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Inbox: AARP letter to senators, warning that they’ll tell their 38 million members about every GOP vote on repeal. 
Fine, Cory.    But in the end, are you going to ruin your career by taking healthcare away from millions?
I think his"career" should be ruined already. Gardner has exposed his mettle by VOTING WITH RYAN. He cannot be trusted.

He must be replaced
Did you tell them you were all for taking healthcare away from most of them? Or did you skip that part?
After reading all the disrespectful comments from the left -I am glad that I left the Democratic Party 20 years ago. Go vets, go Sen gardner

As a veteran, I'm much less worried about North Korea than I am the Russian threat that you have been neglecting!
Did you happen to mention to these vets that when they are ready to go to a nursing home, and need Medicaid to pay for it, they'll be SOL?
The VA....your getting closer no on ACA repeal try a full townhall!
That's a great step, now talk to the rest of your constituents
Did you tell those brave soldiers his you support a Russian operative in our White House? #Traitor

How do you talk without a HEART -  Republican!!!!!!!!
Wow, look at all those white people!
Vote no on healthcare Cory. Fix not repeal
Yeah? Did you tell them you're voting to take healthcare away from them & millions of others? #coward #Hypocrite  #ProtectOurCare
How about talking about threats to our national security by the current administration's disturbing ties to a hostile foreign power?
Are you explaining to them how your cuts in Medicaid funding will disproportionally affect vets? I'm guessing you probably won't bother.
Any conversations about how they will fare when you vote to repeal their healthcare?
Yes, what the Cowgirl asked!?!
Still waiting for #charminsoftcorygardner to talk to his constituents. Still weak and soft.
Any statement on your continued defense of Trump colluding with Russia?   Did you tell the vets how you serve Russian interests now?
How about Healthcare, for the Vets and everybody else for that matter?
Vote no to proceed. #2020
What about Health Care for Colorado?????
Senator...you won't be the head of the Republican majority committee if you don't have the majority.. GET RID OF THE ACA  as PROMPISED !!!!
Shouldn't you also talk about the Threat from Russia?
Did you talk about gutting their health insurance?
