Please hold a town hall in the evening when us hard working Coloradoans can attend without losing our jobs/wages
Apparently, he thinks you can quit, get paid to protest and attend meetings whenever he decides to host them.
He even said the Women's March were paid, fake people and has used "Fake Media"  countless times. Plus I don't want to listen to Nazis.
I'm glad you think it's a beautiful morning when we wake up to the 45 abheration every day .start working on impeachment proceedings.
Do your job for the country not the party.
Thank you for doing the RIGHT THING ... which isn't that hard, is it?
Cory said we can't afford single payer?  We can afford billions for opioid addiction?
WE cannot afford single payer.. but those who profit from giving us disease & death then profit from Healthcare, can.  Corporations!!
We CAN afford if we stop wasting money
If we can borrow for a HUGE war budget, corporations can pay for single payer.
You never answered one damn question.  Great job.  Enjoy it while you can.
Not coming to pueblo says it all about you @SenCoryGardner
By "townhall" don't you mean a handpicked group of supporters? Otherwise why give no notice and hold it during work day??
No, they were not handpicked. I was there, they were pissed.
Yay! Thanks Mary.
Republican Doctors @SenDeanHeller @SenJohnBarrasso @SenJohnKennedy looked back to the past Healthcare. GOP KILL MILLIONS TO STEAL BILLIONS
Insulin has gone up in price 3000% in last 25 years, while price of manufacture has gone down. CEO Pay UP 1000X, GOP are Merchants of DEATH
The headquarters of the Colorado KKK
I hope you realize how foolish @POTUS made you look again. You should never have attempted to defend him yesterday

It's time you listen to us! We are disgusted by how you throw your constituents under the bus to serve Trump!
It's a pretty safe spot for your first Town Hall. At least you're venturing out I guess.
Getting softball questions from a friendly audience doesn't count imho.
They were ripping on him. I was there. Quite entertaining.
White Supremacists/NeoNazis: “Let’s commit genocide.”
Counter protesters: “Let’s not.”
Trump: “There are great people on both sides here.”
Hmmm senator... the other day you were on a good track to oppose @realDonaldTrump and then you changed your mind. Please reconsider
You are the swamp!  RINO. I can't wait to donate to your opponent
I was there. All left wing no conservative. So sad my voice was not heard. I appreciate you denouncing single payer but FULL REPEAL/all lies
I'll write your challenger's campaign ad "Cory Gardener would not impeach  Nazi Sympathizer Donald Trump." That's it. No, Really. They won.
Easy crowd for you down there in fundyville.  Why don't you have one in 5-Points?
No, he got a massive ration of shit. I was there.

Sorry I list @BLM and @antifa as hate groups.Try again. Do you really think they stand for prosperity and peace? Denounce all these groups.
You're Golden!  Gardner-Gold. Sounds really good!
I agree with the president 100% black lives matter the Black Panthers and the KKK in the Confederate love each other
I expect you to condemn the president  more strongly, once again. We have a nazi sympathizer in the White house. This is UNACCEPTABLE!
Thank you for your comments on Trump and trying to talk with people. Please don't give up.
Please expand your townhall schedule to be more accessible and hour friendly to your constituents. Today's whirlwind will not suffice.
Thats what I said the other day when the times were announced. The MOST inconvenient times and days! School starts this week! Hes an ass.
Looks like the seats are full, you two will just have to bitch to yourselves today
Chuck, I happen to have commitments in my work day that don't allow me to walk away from my job. Hence the request for reasonable scheduling
Well look at you Robbie, you must be important
Not really, I just simply have a job where it's not realistic or professional to cancel previously scheduled meetings midweek.
So you think he should reschedule because a few people couldn't make it.
When do you think the majority of people are committed to work out of curiosity?
Once again are you going to put country over party and got rid of this traitorous,racist Trumpshit
Gonna need another comment from you, sir. And action.

Thanks, Senator...
Question: do you support the positions and racism of this president? Is he your leader?
@SenCoryGardner HEAR U GOT A LOT OF BOOS!  WAY ON NEWS! CALLED 2 TASK 4 BETSY DEVOSS VOTE!  COME TO BOULDER I DARE YOU!
You must strongly condemn what @realDonaldTrump said. It was not equally bad on both sides, he is a joke. #RacistInChief #ImpeachTrump
lol sure hope that goes well for you
Need to hear you reiterate your earlier comments and adjust your thinking about trumps fitness to represent our America. We are all talking.
When is it ever going to be enough? When !!! @realDonaldTrump is a disgrace to this country millions fought for! When!!!!
Your great American Democrat from Florida. Wished I lived in Colorado
Trump just had a melt-down on the air. Did you hear him say that he thinks that the press was treating the white supremacists unfairly?
President today came out in support of KKK, nazi's & white supremists! Why are you working to end democracy????!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just  wondering do you still think  Trump is fit for the office?
When will you learn to listen to understand what is being said rather than pretending to listen while framing unresponsive responses?
Please address what Trump just said at your last town hall.
Cory, support our Presidents agenda. FOCUS
What do you have to say for your President now, Senator?
After Prez "infrastructure" meltdown speech, still think he is FIT?
What do you feel about pres trump
President Trump just stood up for Nazis in his press conference, are we going to get some Republican condemnation?
When should we expect your repudiation of Trump?  There is no middle ground on this issue. Are you with white nationalism or not?
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/15/congress-just-demanded-trump-fire-white-supremacist-advisers/ …
SEN. GARDNER, we asked if you would do this and you said no. Well, SOME legislators are!
How about now, Senator? Still fit to serve? Hope you're changing your tune in Lakewood.
Time to get rid of trump.  He sided with Nazi's and equated a traitor with Washington,  ya know,  one of our founding fathers.
We are a 3rd world country @SenCoryGardner  WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?????????
They probably went better than the following town halls after 45's speech today making an ASS of himself!!
Trump doubled down
Now it's Garnder's turn.

https://patribotics.blog/2017/08/15/pimpotus-trump-models-and-russias-human-traffickers/ … Unfucking fit Sir Unfucking fit! 25
You explaining why you're taking away people's healthcare
Resist &  replace Trump/Pence/Gardner
TRAITOR TRUMP ITES.
Glad you're doing town halls, but find the timing inconsiderate at best & conniving at worst. #wewillbeheard @indivisiblefrr @swingleft
Ya dude smarter braver stronger.
Common all you mamas out there this is just like birthing a baby RT and PUSH!
shared on my FB account...waiting for the slap-down.. lol
Meh Fuck em and tell I said so!
Hey Corey what do you call a guy who could fire a Nazi... but wont? A God Damn Nazi. #Gotnazi
Common all you mamas out there this is just like birthing a baby RT and PUSH!
You are a joke! Saying the leader of the hate groups is fit to be president is appalling Trump is NOT fit and you sir are gone next vote!
You said Trump is fit? You have no spine, this country needs a leader with morals. He's not fit, you know it, you said it, stand by it
you are either spineless or insane as @realDonaldTrump ...he is NOT fit..get on the right side of history or get voted out down the line
More ...They refer to criminal actions as well as any serious misuse or abuse of office, ranging from Tax Evasion to Obstruction of Justice.
Oh Cory..pencils down #wronganswer
If you can't stand up to @POTUS about his bigotry and hatred, you have no business lecturing or representing Coloradans. Stand up or #resign
Good bye.
High crimes & misdemeanors covers allegations .. perjury of oath, abuse of authority, bribery, intimidation, misuse of assets,... need more?
DT has made it clear he bows to Bannon & Putin. Crickets from @GOP IMPEACH high crimes & misdemeanors covers allegations of misconduct.
Be prepared, in great detail, to explain why in God's name you think Donald Trump is fit to be President by the time you get to Greeley.
Outsider has upturned their money table? On the take Politicians fight to keep the gravy train running. Why support those who waste money?
How's that going for ya? See you in Lakewood.
You strongly and rapidly condemned Nazis and white supremacists coming out from under their rocks. Good. But...
...words are not enough. Gorka is a card-carrying Nazi. Bannon and Miller, openly white supremacists. You refused to...
...take any action to remove them from the White House. Your inaction is telling, and invalidates your words.  Please...
...explain WHY you will not take concrete action to remove racists from this administration.
I am not able to attend. Was his only argument that the country voted him in, therefore he's fit to serve?
You have the gall to say people should listen to you! You haven't listened to us at all. You're ignoring the people right in front of you.
Just to correct you, @realDonaldTrump did not win the American people's vote. He won the electoral college.
I assume that you will publicly denounce the schedule VDARE convention in Colorado Springs in April 2018? #CombatHate @CMRCOS
CO Springs should have been safe territory for you and you screwed the pooch by saying Trump is still fit to be President. #Impeach45
Stand up for your fellow Coloradoans Cory and promote universal healthcare. Expanding Medicare is the fiscally conservative smart choice.
Thanks for actually being available even though you avoided many direct answers and had staged questions.
Asking for your vote to fully repeal the ACA. Oppose any ACA bailout and support ending Congresses exemption for the ACA Be responsible
Looking forward to hearing that you represent the PURPLE state of Colorado.
Looking forward you your town hall in Greeley shortly.
Stand with our President.
Headgear advised...and a smart pill.
Seriously, I have hopes you can get a handle on your role in the Senate.
Remember your base of support.
Heeeeeey. How did you tweet this if your on stage?
Very nice
I hear the people were mad at you.

Big $ in politics is the problem, and@you support Citizens United. We will vote you out just to prove people matter over business interest!
Why wouldn't you watch an inconvenient sequel? Why wouldn't you at least want to understand what that majority of us beleive and support?
Watching the questions and answers coming out of your town hall. After a brief moment of glory, You're back to being a total dissappointment
Cory. #EvictTheBigots get the altright out of the White House
... in Charlottesville. Do you want to say again that trump is fit? He threatens war against No. Korea and Venezuela. Are you confident?
This morning, trump retweeted, then deleted, an image of a "trump train" mowing down a CNN reporter. We just had a car mow people down ...
As a Republican you have a long road ahead of you. You have all failed miserably. I vote conservative but im not happy!!
... allegiance to the same.” ??? This is your oath and your promise. You are complicit in your silence and failure to defend our country.
... defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic” and that they “will bear true faith and 2/
How many more Americans must die in defense of our freedom only to have those in Washington violate their oath:  “will support and ... 1/
YOUR DONE- enjoy your time while you can!
So sorry to have missed it! Fix Obamacare!!!
IMPEACH TRUMP
Both instances are a wink & nod to his KKK and white nationalist supporters. How can you say this man is fit to serve?
After his Monday statement, he retweeted an alt-right conspiracy theorist and Sunday told Fox news he may pardon Joe Arpaio-racial profiler.
I believe you mean first town hall of the year.
We demand OUR interests be served in Washington. Where is the real Republican Party? This is your legacy too.
How bout you start with voting like your constituents want you to instead of how your party and donors tell you to. Oh and no more lying!!
PERIOD!!
Have the courage to denounce trumps fitness to serve Americans in our White House. Don't let your party & Republican agenda affect us. 2/
Soooo...where is this town hall? I'm guessing I missed it. Where is your next one?
Appreciate you speaking out against white supremacy. How do you feel about VDARE coming to spread their hate conference in Colorado Springs?
#donothingcongress
Courage-“mental or moral strength enabling one to venture, persevere, and withstand danger, fear, or difficulty firmly and resolutely" 1/
Come to Boulder Cory.
THAT'S WHAT I SAID!!!!  GARDNER A DISGRACE TO WOMEN/ALL OF US! CANNOT WAIT 2 DUMP HIM! 2 BAD HV 2 WAIT SO LONG!!! HE CAN DO MORE DAMAGE!
Wow.  Very disappointed in you.
Please explain WHY you think Trump is fit for office?! He is unhinged, selfish and UN-American!
If you think he's fit to serve then clearly your not. I'll never vote for you again
A tour of conservative locations on short notice, still a coward!
YEAH WORTHLESS!  HOWEVER HEARD HE GOT BOOED PRETTY GOOD IN GREELEY!!!!!!  AND PROTESTED!
Yeah listen to the anger. Your a liar and  you will not see another term
Edit: your first townhall of your term as Senator period
You're grandstanding about how opposed factions need to listen to each other. You haven't listened to your constituents in months.
Embracing your white conservative base, huh?
SHAME
Your such a cute lil guy @SenCoryGardner ... when are you going to repeal Obamacare?

Denounce trump or just shut up
i am 64 yr old - buy my own insurance - and like every other 60 plus person have pre-existing conditions  don't let me down
I fear you will be disappointed today sir. Though I genuinely hope @SenCoryGardner surprises us all.

How will you fix this?!?
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Started by patting self on back. Lied about healthcare repeatedly. Especially the 32 Trillion $ single payer LIE! We don't want charts,

This is a paid protestor paid for by the Kochs and Putin not good for Colorado. Almost as big a liar as trump!
Sir are you really ok with @GOP embracing Fascism? #ImpeachTrumpNOW https://twitter.com/Nazi_Catcher/status/897314596653940736 …
Thank you @SenCoryGardner for working on fire mitigation and reduce fire borrowing practice to prevent future #wildfires
That is one thing he actually might be successful at
Very brave to hold a town hall when people are taking their kids to school. Hoping that your "bravery" will backfire on Election Day.
As everyone's at work...and only 2 years late...
Get Nazis out of White House! #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller #ImpeachTrumpNOW
I dont know if i will make it to greeley. But thank you for having townhalls. And admitting that @POTUS is a problem.
Yeah cory...one more time...YOU & the senate FAILED on the ACA repeal & replace...Don't play happy until it's fixed.
There once was a nut named Timmy Finnigan....
"employed by George Soros as a paid activist."  

That's says it all...you're a sick twist. Seek help

Be brave! Tell truth!
