Right.  Because, really, what can go wrong when dealing with an entitled narrcici... oh.  Never mind
What's the connection between high paying jobs and North Korea?  I don't get it.
Actually, you are the Madman!
What!?! How could a war with Korea boost jobs at home?? North Korea holding the world hostage, really????
Let's not drop more bombs. I'm feeling a throw back to the Iraq mistake in your current rhetoric.
As if being covetous embarrassment to yr position wasn't enough, these brown-nosing social media missives STILL req a line-height adjustment
did we ever stop putting America first? I'm confused. lol about holding the world hostage with its nuclear arsenal.
#tinyhands applauding while South Koreans are freaked more about #gop madman/liar in chief #AgentOrange threatening nuclear war than #nkorea
How about an open town hall? Like @RepDLamborn you could have it in a tiny room in a police station.
BS - You don't seem to get it.  A man child with a nuclear code vs a man child with a nuclear code!  We need adults!
How about engagement and leadership in America? Solve homelessness, air pollution, and rural industry. America FIRST!
Nationalist, narrow-minded thinking. Why not hold a town hall to explain your position in person? #wherescory
Ok... we r out of patience. Now what?
Yes, and when North Korea continues nuclear research what do you propose? I hope it doesn't come to war as there will be no real winners.
Will you applaud the MILLIONS of dead people this policy creates? Nations could be wiped off the map by a looney toons politician, Trump!
His thoughts and prayers will be with them, of course.
Are yhou OK with #Trump brinkmanship with #NorthKorea using twitter diplomacy?  Do you want a war in Korea?
Looking forward to the day the people of Colorado get to fire you. You care only about your career and nothing about the people of CO.
My patience with you is wearing pretty thin too..l
kim jong-un is less scared of you than you apparently are scared of your own constituents. hold a REAL TOWN HALL at red rocks!!
& Glenwood Springs.
You and your GOP cohorts are of no concern to the Universe. Planet Earth will exist long after warmongering politicians bomb life away.
"If you stand for nothing, what will you fall for?"  THIS!  You will fall for THIS!  And, much more in 2020.  @Lin_Manuel @HamiltonMusical
Do you also support the VP's opinion that LGBTQIA should be shocked into sexual and gender conformity or that we don't deserve equal rights?
I'm curious what you think we should do instead, Senator. In place of strategic patience are we going to try nonstrategic impatience?
Trump is going to stare at them and call them "very bad!" It's a terrific plan!
Coward Cory, Pence' visit to the DMZ is nothing more than Wag the Dog, trying to deflect questions on Trump's Russian connection.
DISAGREE! Poking a despot will only create a series of "I'm bigger than you" call outs. President has less than a 35% approval #nosupport
sadly our young people are going to die because of a crazy person playing chicken.  Vote no on 2020
Senator @SenCoryGardner are you willing to stand up to your constituents at a town hall?
How many of those body bags that get filled up when this idiocy gets out of control will be soldiers and marines from Colorado? Senator?
Politicians without patience and common sense have everything to lose in 2020. If we aren't all nuked by then. There's a madman running U.S.
Another tweet, another disappointment. Your "full statement" is empty, bloviating, and ignorant. Listen to your constituents, Cory. 2020...
Oh Cory! You are such a brave little boy!
How old r your kids? Yep, young enough not to go to fight the wars u r intent on starting.
Shame on you for such an ignorant statement. Take 45 seconds to think about how the dominoes might fall if you engage war with N. Korea.
How can we: threaten to insert ourselves into foreign affairs, AND assert our obvious authority over other nations, AND "Put America First"?
Hold a town hall so we can tell you what we think of you. We will remember this on election day, if you don't get us killed first...
Sure.  Nothing like a good war is there Cory.
No war with NK. It will be nothing but a distraction from #Trumprussia. It's time to do your job for your constituents. #WheresCory
You don't even know what that means... stop it
Need a war to get approval ratings up. This administration is playing checkers while China and Russia are playing chess
Strategic patience? What does that even mean?  Era over - Let's go to Vietnam II?
Wbich mad man? Korea? or #POTUS? What does that even mean, Cory?
U act brave when U can hide behind @GOP coattails but when it comes to facing your own constituents you are anything but brave. #WheresCory
Slow down warmonger. #HowManyMoreDead
Strategic patience has kept us out of war with North Korea for 60 years. Pretty good track record, I'd say!
"Madman" and "belligerent"...who else fits this description?#potus45
Great now you're on board with bombing countries. You are a great disappointment to CO
Didn't find anything about your stance on health insurance for everyone, including those with preexisting conditions, when when
The only thing Pence deserves is impeachment along with Trump!
Yes, lets all die in a fiery nuke storm right away!
#WeWillReplaceYou
Your days are numbered traitor
Listen to we in Colorado who say strategic patience is about peace and life.
puke
This is the statement of a morally bankrupt individual.
Shame
I thought it was a message to NKorea that we wouldn't bomb them while our number 2 was there, bcuz their first act would be the bomb SKorea.
You are an embarrassment to Colorado. Hold a town hall, listen to your constituents we don't condone any of what you just said.
The madman in NK is begging for attention like a spoiled little child.  HE is the one who will provoke war, sadly.
u should be working w/ our allies; being united sends a message to NK. Problem is 45 has FAILED w/ our allies! Shameful
have you scheduled that town hall yet? Maybe you'd be interested in "listening" to us rather than "telling" us.
You are insane. North Korea will gladly nuke us. And you and your dunderheaded leadership will be responsible for killing the planet.
Shame on you for supporting this FAKE administration and their FAKE saber rattling.  You represent Colorado. Do your job.
You realize the alternative to "strategic patience" is war, right?
So why did you vote to confirm Betsy DeVos?
So you're combatting belligerence with more to what end... an actual war??! You are a 1-term so-called senator warmonger
Ending the era of strategic patience is fine only if the administration has a solid alternative that doesn't include war. I'll wait and see.
If the administration wanted to boost economic ties with our allies, it would have kept the TPP.
Let's talk about it at a town hall meeting. If you can send our kids to war, surely you can face your constituents.
Strategic patience has kept the peninsula at relative peace for the just 60 years you warmonger. Put your family on the front line Cory!
Chicken Hawks-the two of you. Maybe stop selling arms and ammo to unstable regimes? But nah-your buddies would lose too much money.
Will your children fight N Korea? Or will u send ours to die? U work for Colorado not Trump or Pence!
Shame on you for your ignorance of history, international politics, and lack of morality. @indivisiblefrr
Let's get more #colorado voters let Gardner know what we think of this.
So how much are you being paid to spout this fascist drivel? "America First" indeed.
Y'all would like another war. Pence already said he wants to be like Chaney who got us into a unneeded war so he could make himself rich.
This administration will get us all killed with their ineptitude
what is next, after strategic patience ? 
Diplomacy has been ruled out by Sec Tillerson. 
That leaves war. Nuclear war. Really ?
ICYMI folks in Asia are.mire afraid of the unhinged guy in DC than the one.in North Korea. And fallout blows East in the jet stream.
In other words, It's ok 4 #faux45 2 pivot 2 war if it saves #GopIsTheNewIsis plans 2 GUT AMERICA & KEEPS #trumprussia out of REAL MEDIA! SAD
What?!!! Didn't you study history? My God you are out of touch...can't wait for 2020...if we make it that long with people like you...
What the fuck
There is so much awful in this statement, I don't even know where to begin. Shame on you, @sencorygardner
I applaud @VP Pence for sending a message to the world that the era of strategic patience is over. Read my full statement below: 
Strategic patience is over, and imbecilic bluster has begun. Giving up on diplomacy, CG evidently advocates mass slaughter of SK civilians.
I'm so angry right now.
Do you applaud my ending my "strategic patience" with politicians who care more about party than country?
Sounds good if one is willing to sacrifice much of South Korea.
Which one did you dislike the most? Strategy or Patience?
America shouldn't be first in a region that isn't ours. Your reckless saber rattling is going to kill people. Shame on you.
lots of dick swinging this morning you boys love your war games.  don't you guys look so cool 
look Cory jumped on the warmonger train  how shocking.
u have to stop pretending everything is normal,put country over party and help to get these traitors out of the WH!
I am impatiently awaiting your town hall.  Your constituents want to talk with you before we go to war.
#CoryGardnerIsASpinelessRatBastardWeasel #YourTermIsLimited 

You are both shameful.
Town hall this...internet history that..all of you are annoying no wonder he doesn't want to talk to any of you people I wouldn't either
Tough shit, it's part of the job.
I bet you would act like this no matter who was elected.  Just like to hear yourself talk don't you
America is not Asia. We don't get to have leadership there. We can work with allies when asked, but it is not our place to act independent
getting into a pissing match w north korea is going to mean nuclear destruction for the whole planet not just them! you're applauding death
at least strategic patience is a coherent resemblance of strategy, unlike the foreign policy of POTUS, consisting of..."Ready fire, aim"!
How about a town hall so we can exchange ideas and explain things. The written statements aren't enough!!!
Yes let's continue to fuck with a crazy man holding nukes. It's like if we made fun of trump for being scared to shoot people on broad st
100% Grade A, pure establishment GOP paid for by wealthy special interests. You could care less for most of us. Free Mkt healthcare ? Bombs
Ummm, don't care about anything you have to say because you are probably getting paid by someone to say it...your words mean nothing
Because nothing arouses a republican quite like the looming threat of war.
your constituents are out of strategic patience waiting for you to act in all of our interests,
Besides tough-sounding, what does that mean?  You sending your kids?
Your daughter in your Facebook post looks to be of enlistment age.  Will she be signing up?
