we're not buying it Senator. You are not what Colorado stands for.
when is your next #townhall meeting? There are many here in #colorado who would love to talk with you.
he's doing them by phone, calling constit. On a preselected basis, with no ? Follow-up time. @SenCoryGardner
Show us the tallies for the telephone calls you received on Sessions & DeVo$. How many for & against? #Truth
We deserve to see the numbers. Are you representing your constituents or not? Our voices will only get louder #townhall #paytoplay #colorado
is there an online ap somewhere to get on the paid protester pay roll? My weekends have been pretty open...
I was raised in Brush and have many friends there. We ALL oppose Jeff Sessions. Your term is limited.
Hopefully you were talking about possible new employment opportunities - because your 2020 looks bleak.
how about you sit down and listen to your constituents rather than ignoring them and insulting them like you've been doing?
yes, when is that town hall? You know, we can plan it for you if you like
and if you don't show up we will just take it from there I imagine
Your CONSTITUENTS would like to discuss issues #TownHall !
I would enjoy a town hall meeting here in Fort Collins with you Mr. Gardner.
How many constituents from the Front Range have you met with and taken photos with? Represent ALL Coloradoans, urban&rural.
Yeah? What are you doing about NOT subsidizing corporate farmers and supporting small and organic farms and ranches?
maybe you should enjoy sitting down w/constituents as much?
I called your office a few times last week. Where do I go to get my paycheck?
maybe someday you'll make time for town hall so constituents spending weeks trying to get ur attention have a chance?
you met with a fellow Coloradan?  Thats weird I did not think you did that.
my new part time job is reminding myself and anyone who will listen, on a daily basis, that you chose money over people
hey what type of part time job r u in. I'm involved in Online work. i wud love to knw ur work opportunity
What about your urban constituents, your female constituents, and the ones who haven't bribed you?
Cory is a GOP #hookerforhire
is that the only way for  your constituents to get to talk to you?  Ever planning to visit the great state?
Any more constituent meetings planned???? Or are you ducking out of those too???
Rural America won't benefit from DeVos. Why did you confirm?  Not representing your constituents. #doyourjob
#2020 can't come soon enough
how about you discuss issues with the thousands of constituents who've been calling you in vain? #getarealhaircut
wow, how do these guys get into see you yet us regular citizens can't even get a call back???
like you give a shit about Colorado
do you ever sit down with those Dems in your district or only those who agree with you. How about a liberal grandma, Cory?
we are your constituents in the eastern plains. Sure wish you'd talk to us. #notpaid
as long as they think like you and agree with the misogynistic, racist Republican platform
Here's an idea! Sit down and discuss legislative issues with your constituents, please!
And how much did he pay to get a meeting with you?
When are you going to actually take the time to listen to your own constituents? #dumpgardner2020
Hope to sit down with you at a town hall soon. My zip is 80302.
it's time you came to meet with your constituents.
#tool #puppet
but you still voted DeVos. Rural America needs strong public schools.
your Western Slope constituents have requested a Town Hall, for your listening pleasure.
You really shouldn't consist yourself a Coloradan any longer. You've got no ties to our state, so just stop.
We won't forget Gardner. You're a corrupt politician that has proven he doesn't listen to his constituents. You need to go.
why don't you sit down with rural teachers and see what they need?
Are you traveling around CO looking for your spine?
what about talking to the rest of your constituents about your decisions this week? We want a townhall.
you will not be re elected.
you actually spoke to someone from colorado?  Colorado is against Sessions.
you meet politicians but your 9 offices can't answer the phone? You're a joke. You don't care about people just power
Too bad you won't sit down with your constituents. Set up a town hall, now!
rural issues like the need for easier access to an education?  Oh wait, you killed that.
You failed again w Sessions! You're like the rest of Trump's ponyboys. Start doing your job and representing Colorado.
if you have time for this why couldn't you answer a phone call for two weeks? Disgusted with your support of devos, mcconell
I'll ask again: Did vote to silence Elizabeth Warren?
You voted to confirm Sessions. How do you even sleep at night?
nice job ignoring most all of your constituents and voting along with a corrupt GOP. #voteyouout
How much did he pay to your campaign?
you have a few extra dollars to pick up a tab or two. I only make 50k a year. So good for you I guess?
glad you could find the time. Perhaps you are too busy for Coloradans. See you in 2020. We are patient.
yea well you've ignored every other Coloradan that's for sure. Remember we voted you in, you work for us!
Vote NO on Sessions.
did he give you money also?
.@SenCoryGardner we really don't care about your meeting. We do care about how you vote. Why are u not having town halls. No bots there.
how about sitting down NX discussing rural issues with your constituents?
could you enjoy sitting down with us in a town hall? #whereiscory
stop pretending you care! How much did this commish pay your campaign?
It would be great if you could represent all of the people in CO, not just the extreme right.
cool. Could we sit down if I gave you $240k? I'm not as rich as @BetsyDeVos but I do live in Colorado!!
When will you sit down and discuss issues with your constituents?A live Town Hall in the Denver area during the Feb. recess?
huh I'm a fellow Coloradan and can't get the time of day from you. What's up with that?
did you tell him your $50k price tag?
Hope you discussed how Devos' dirty money helped your decide to vote against a decent education for rural CO. RESIGN!
Question - Did Pence promise you VP spot once Trump self-destructs?  Only reason aside from sheer cowardice explaining votes
why not have a sit down (face to face) with your constituents? Feb recess would be a great time to visit COS.
Population of Cheyenne Cty CO: ~1850. Meeting with 1 guy. Answer to you CO constituents and have a town hall.
when is your next town hall here in CO?  I, one of your bosses would enjoy sitting down and discussing a few things as well
was that Before or after you voted to shut @SenWarren up??
how did he manage to reach you? You don't answer calls from your other fellow Coloradans - you know - your constituents??
What about sitting down with the millions in the city who actually elected you?  They are NOT happy right now.
How about sitting down and listening to Coloradoans? You are just grabbing power in the 4th Reich.
you are not fooling anyone! I am Resident of zip code 80831 and I demand you make yourself available to your constituents
I see you have time for some of your constituents.  Answer your phones
I hope you know a parent well fight to te end of the world for their children
Funny, if you really enjoyed hearing from constituents, you might bother to have someone listen to your office's voicemails.
vote no on Sessions or we vote no on you. Voted yes twice too many yesterday.
#impeachgardner
while you're there ask for 49.8K
How about discussing equality w/ women & minorities? Or education with someone who didn't pay you? Maybe paid family leave?
Why don't you come listen to your constituents in Denver.  We promise not to yell.  We just want to understand things.
I'm not sure we can promise not to yell. I, personally, am mad as hell and I know I'm not alone.
when is your townhall to discuss "urban" issues? Time to sleep in bed you made...
as a citizen of your state, I ask you to please oppose the confirmation of Jeff sessions.
Enjoy while you can, loser, 2020 is coming
Glad to see you talking w/ Coloradoans! We need solutions for all from the ground up! Please vote NO on Pruitt and Sessions.
Issues such as "How much money are YOU bought for?" and "How can we screw over the children this week?" #onetermgardner
Rural issues like the rural schools that just got screwed over thanks to your vote for DeVos?
Did you enjoy telling @elizabethforma to sit down and shut up?
you owe Coloradans and explanation for not listening to so many of us and putting party 1st. We want a town hall in person
Hope he listens to his constituents instead of pretending their fake.
Cory the only time you care about any issue is when it can enrich you. #traitor
Answer your phone.  Listen to your constituents.
maybe we should try to buy him with a go fund me page like other states have started to collect money to buy their senators.
How much does he pay you to get your ear? As much as DeVos?
live it up while you can, you wont be reelected. you failed your constituents and continue to... NO ON SESSION, NO ON PRICE!
When do you plan to sit down with your constituents who haven't put the big bucks into your campaign?  #townhall
.@SenCoryGardner has plenty of time to meet with other politicians but no time to meet with real constituents #copolitics #rememberin2018
He's not up till 2020, but I agree with you.
I'm a Coloradan who's ashamed you're our Senator #notpaid
I hope he's giving you as much BS as you are giving your constituents   #50k
he should of held out for more. M. Rubio made off with 90,000 from Devos
You're definitely going to be voted out. #DeVos
are you sure he's not a paid protestor? #canCoryin2020
And shutting down a woman speaking? Wow. You should be ashamed of yourself.
well she was warned by all those white men and "she persisted" next thing you know she'll want to vote!
We see what you do.
Even Little Fuzzy Puppy sadly must judge you.
This quite unpaid protester would like a spot at the next town hall. Also pls grow a spine and vote no on sessions.
We'd enjoy having a senator that isn't bought and paid for, and actually listens to his constitutants.
When will you sit down and discuss the issues with your constituents?
"Rural issues." What are "rural issues"?
Oh, ya know...chewin' hay, talkin' bout crops, wondering how far he can get from Denver & still be in CO...
Nice to see you have time to meet with A Coloradan! When can I expect your next town hall meeting?
And why did you vote to nominate an ed sec whose policies are going to hurt rural schools?
my thoughts exactly!
You owe Colorado an adequate explanation of your DeVos vote. Prostituting our children's education for $50k doesn't cut it.
Did he bribe you also?
$46,800 from DeVos
Donate $50k from DeVos to a school district to buy textbooks
Well enjoy it while you can.
NO NO NO ON JEFF SESSIONS HE IS A RACIST THANK YOU #notmypresident
