That’s great. Will you be coming to YOUR TOWN HALL on Friday?
Wait, what Townhall??
I will be there, do you think he will really show up? #whereiscory
if we share + pressure maybe. He would benefit, will b rec/sent 2 him. Either way success! Pls go 4me. In NWCO +no transp
when are you going to have a scheduled meeting with your constituents?
Are you in outerspace, Cory? Is that why you can't meet constituents?
You're a fake...human.
Awesome! Since I contribute to your paycheck, could you attend a town hall where we can chat about other things you can do?!
Nice that a small few states-people get to meet w/ you. How about a town hall so you talk touncurated cross section?
Time to meet your constituents. We want to talk with you. And see how much tar and how many feathers you'll wear. #fired
80465
cares about CASH, not constituents, obviously. He's building a bank account. Gonna need it. #SenatorForHire
so there are a group of people, you may have heard of them
#constituents (we're pissed). More calls!
Ask them what they think about Climate Change.
Meet with your constituents, please.
here's a thought
how about supporting higher ed inst who train eng. and scientists 
Oh, I forgot, GOP hates science.
How do you square ur vote for DeVos and Pruitt and the rest who can't spell science? Oh yeah when is the mtg 4 constituents?
You sure seem to be doing your best to justify not having time to meet with constituents.
You and  your party are creating tens of thousands of jobs! Sorry about yours. #paidprotesters #agentorange #onetermcorey
: One Term. You can't gerrymander out of this one.
are they able to provide a space ship to help you avoid facing constituents?
when are you going to listen to your constituents?
TOWN HALL
still ducking your constituents ??
@schotts lets hope that meeting included someone besides the fort collins balloon boy's family.
please support environmental measures that keep our land, water and air clean
support clean renewable energy!!
so how come you won't meet with your constituents??
Fine, but how about responding to the call to meet with us constituents who you think don't exist?
just met with 15 people!  #hardatwork #ignoringconstituents #whereiscory
How about meeting with your voters, Sir? There's a town hall with your name on it Friday, 2/24, right here in Denver!
How many space experts  said, "install trade barriers & end immigration"?
any news on what health benefits those jobs would have? (Since you're trying to murder the ACA)
you need to figure out how to get coloradoans security clearance or else 40000 jobs will end up somewhere else
where will you be tomorrow, your non payed constitutes would like to chat with you
great, we'd love to hear from you in person. Can we have a time and place to discuss your policies? #YouWorkForUs
how about meeting with the people you represent?
why won't you have a town hall while you're here? #corythecoward #notpaid 80134
that's nice Senator but when are you going to visit districts in CO we have questions that demand answers
I spend more time calling & emailing ur office than I do my own mother. Then again, Mom wouldnt support these crazy policys
#whereiscory @townhallproject Sen Gardner, I'm sure I missed the announcement, but when and where will your town hall be??
Hey, so how about that constituent TownHall? I'm a Colorado voter & an unpaid protester. We need to talk about policy issues
why meet them? You don't believe in science. But you should believe in town halls.I hear a good one is happening on Friday.
did you share your and cons view on climate  change? Sad! #russianpuppet
how about a town hall?
can't fill those jobs very well unless you have a talent pipeline- you going to do anything for STEM education?
.@SenCoryGardner since @NASA does a lot of CC research don't you think you should try understanding science before you claim to support it?
.@SenCoryGardner if we put together a gofundme and raise $49k, will you meet with us? Your voicemail is full. What's your price?
please stand up for the American people
MEET WITH TOUR CONSTITUENTS. Or hitch your wagon to the sinking ship of 45. Don't abandon us--represent us.
face the music or get out of office! Meet with us and explain yourself.  You work for us!
Christ on a sidecar man, you just voted for anti education Betsy DeVos. Who will believe you support scientific endeavors?
you know the longer you ignore something, the worse it gets. Such a pity you are such a coward. We deserve better.
Still waiting to hear when you will be meeting with constituents. Isn't meeting with us part of your job?  #townhallforall
There's a Town Hall scheduled at 5 pm at Byer Middle School Friday Feb. 24. Will you show up? #WheresCory #willcoryshow
The article in the New Yorker is very unflattering and shows how you choose to govern by cowardice. Pathetic!
when are you meeting with your constituents? We want to talk about healthcare and climate change.
What did they have to say about your buddy Pruitt and his plans to dismantle the EPA? When do we get to chat? #whereiscory
will not be there but For all interested a townhall n Denver 2/24 5:30 pm Byers MS see Indivisible Denver Facebook group.
Maybe they could find a way to send you to Mars. At least we would know where you are. Where's Cory?
great! How about meeting with the rest of your constituents!?
but still has not talked to the people he represents
would love to talk about this at a town hall. But you are MIA. Do your job. Meet!
Set up a town hall. So much to discuss: indep. investigation into POTUS/Russia ties, POTUS tax returns, & much more. 80234
So let's get this straight - you are telling was after the event.  Quite cowardly, must say.  #where'sCory
@SpeakerRyan  Disrespecting your constituents. Refusing to engage with those who elected you. Poor excuse for a Senator.
Anything to avoid answering your constituents' concerns. #coward
Look into the Pueblo District Attorney's office........ And the Dennis Maes Judicial Courts system Systemic problems.
that's nice, but every time you tweet something that isn't about investigating it chills me to the bone
that great. When's the next town hall?
has anybody found cory yet. I thought I spotted him behind the 7/11 but it end up being a bag of old bagels
2 vote 2 confirm #pollutingPruitt u knew it went against the environmental ideals of most CO residents u will reap whatU sow
How about a town hall meeting so Coloradans can talk about what is going on earth? Do rural folks want space jobs?
huh, no actual town hall meetings with regular people who don't line your pockets eh? Interesting. #80016
That's one update. Looks to be about 20-30 people there. You must have a great understanding of your state now. What a day!
I hope #cleanenergyjobs were part of that!
Looks like @SenCoryGardner finds plenty of time for “big business” but hides from town-halls. Can’t wait for caucuses to start. -jc
As a public servant, you should have a public schedule of events. Where is it? Where are you?
Btw, nice piece in the New Yorker: A Town Hall with Constituents but No Senator http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/a-town-hall-with-constituents-but-no-senator … via @vauhinivara
your posts are like adventures of a tourist seeing CO for the first time, trolling voters must be a joke to you. SAD! Coward
any plans to meet with your #Colorado constituents or is that kinda not a priority? #TownHall #TownHallTracker
What do they think about government agencies taking emergency steps to preserve data b/c of whitehouse actions?
but that's "science", no?Earth flat, no climate change, Jesus and dinosaurs living together..that's the GOP platform, right?
Face the people without some pre organized sterile safe environment you engineered.  #coward #resist #nowheretohide
that's great, but what about meeting with your constituents? Quick reminder- WE'RE NOT PAID. zip code 80021
if we could only launch you into space, would be as productive - absent
weird coming from someone who thinks the world is 5000 years old.  Where is Denver's townhall?
Byers middle school. See indivisible Denver Facebook group.
Townhall? While you are in Colorado you should visit with the people who voted for you! 80108
Colorado will remember your voting record in 2020.
create jobs for Coloradans by having someone man your phone!
it would be nice if you talk to the people and ask what jobs they want.
Great! Now when will you meet with the constituents who elected you?  Skip the wall/Have a town hall  #WhereIsCory
Did you take questions about your votes for the Trump agenda?
Great @SenCoryGardner, but will u meet w/us? Town hall Fri night & u r invited. #youworkforus @indivisiblefrr @TheActionNet @townhallproject
Why Not Have An Old Fashion Town Hall?
but again, no town halls!!
great U are meeting in CO, although hand-selected. What about rest of us?
With/without U feb 25 beyers
feb 24 beyers middle school 5:30pm with or without U
Silly Cory! Science is for grown-ups that don't vote for climate change deniers like Pruitt. Actions speak louder than words
obviously you're dodging the people who need answers for ACA that you're going to fight for us for pre-existing & 26 yr olds
are you going to meet with constituents? or is that not relevant?
That's not a town hall. Time to face the music and start counting your days.
Now hold a town hall. You can't hide forever.
OK Cory, we need some help here.  Maybe if you could wear the red & white striped hat we might spot you in Colorado.
.@SenCoryGardner how about starting with education. Oh wait, you voted for @BetsyDeVosED to run education dept for $49,800. #sellout
Are you part of the president's treasonous actions? Why the silence?
This does not explain your continued support for Trump. Where is the congressional investigation?
This does not explain why you call your voters, paid protesters.  Why did you fail to have a town hall.
This does not explain how your vote for Jeff Sessions is harmful to Colorado.
This does not answer questions about your vote for Betsy DeVos.
yep she definitely will not help enable and train our kids for STEM jobs.
when's the Town Hall for the regular citizens?
seems to have lots of time for meetings, but none for real constituents.
Did you meet or just speak to them? Did they get to ask why you are so afraid of your constituents?
What do we want? Town Hall!
When do we want it? Now!
...keep up the great job, remember! National Security, Education (23rd worst just doesn't do it),Tax, Healthcare (haha)!!!!
Too bad you missed the town hall in Fort Collins
so when did they request this meeting? I put mine in weeks ago. Too bad POTUS hates science, huh?
#corythecoward
You were literally JUST AT the Governor's Forum on Agriculture?! Are you trying to mislead the public so we can't find you?
You cant hide from your constituents forever. You will never serve again after this term, people are really tired of your BS
I'm not worried anymore. He doesn't want to meet. I'm already committed to getting him out in 2020
please attend the town hall in Denver on Friday. Please don't ignore your constituents!
Did you stop to talk to any of the constituents (not paid protesters) waiting for you?  #willcoryshow #WhereIsCory
Of you're thinking they could help hide you in space we will track you down there too. Someday you will have to face us.
many many many Coloradoans r employed working on Earth Science missions. Don't betray them.  Earth Science is REAL science!
and what about meeting with the people you were elected to represent? The natives are getting restless Cory!
isn't it taboo to talk science in the age of trump? Speaking of taboo, meeting with constituents is not. 80829
Now please set up a town hall.
#whereiscory
Go Mac!
You could hire some investigators to look into Trump and Russian collusion. How about healthcare? DON'T TOUCH MY LEGAL WEED
how about meeting with your constituents? maybe a town hall? There are still a few days left in the week to fit us in.
Great. Take the wasted billions for a stupid wall and deportations and fund NASA dummy
When are you meeting with your constituents?
Ask them what they think about Trump's proposed cuts to NASA.
# FreeTheDevos50k
why not announce these before they happen.   I and many others want to meet you and have a dialogue.  #StopHiding
because it's not public, I spoke with a staffer this morning and asked the same.
When is your next town hall meeting in Denver?
Wow, cool. So when are you meeting with constituents?
