You voted to allow debate on whether to take away 22 million people's healthcare or 23 million. Each GOP that we've seen has been barbaric 1
You cruelly subjected Americans to a system that is choking budgets and harming people across the country. Forcing them to buy at gunpoint
Yes, that's what many of the 17% of people in the country who support these GOP efforts would say.
The rest of us realize that healthcare costs have been rising for decades at an alarming rate, and that the GOP bills do nothing to fix it
Your bills caused healthcare costs to soar. In a recession.

"Free" is a fabulous price.
Employer premiums went *down*:
No. They didn't.

ACA in reality works pretty well; its failings are mostly due to GOP sabotaging it. Your vote is a betrayal of Coloradans and Americans.
Realy , you are insane ? #Ocare is a total disaster
ACA has allowed >20 million Americans access to healthcare, & saved >100,000 lives: http://nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMhpr1405667 … , http://annals.org/aim/article/1867050/changes-mortality-after-massachusetts-health-care-reform-quasi-experimental-study … .
BS this is cherry picking and ignoring the real health impacts of soaring premiums and collapsing coverage.
Again: ACA has increased the number of Americans with healthcare coverage by >20 million people. An ACA repeal would more than reverse that.
ACA has also kept healthcare costs lower than they otherwise would be.  ACA repeal would sharply increase premiums: https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/889997949702418432 ….
NEW: The so-called "skinny bill" will increase average premiums by $1,238 NEXT YEAR, based on CBO estimates.  
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/07/25/436642/skinny-repeal-bill-raise-average-premiums-1238-increase-uninsured/ …
No, it hasn't. It has had no impact on costs. You are simply assuming it has, to beg the case.
If anything, ACA has risen claims costs by creating a new level of services that are free to covered individuals. A terrible, great price...
No. You need to listen to your constituents and work with the Democrats to fix the problems with our existing system.
All other Republican "solutions" end with millions losing healthcare. You guys had years to come up with a better solution to the ACA
And you failed. Man the hell up and work with your colleagues to help more people, not to rip healthcare away from them, purely out of spite
How about working with constituents?
I lost healthcare when obummer was in office so I don't know why you dems think you know everything
I'm usually equally pissed at the dems, too, btw, but this is really tipping the scales. Sorry to hear about insurance. You ok?
Just had to find another company, family insurance right now is an absolute joke
Man, I can't imagine that right now, I'm struggling enough on my own! Here's to hoping we all get the help we need!
Establishment RINO Corey Gardner does not give a damn about Coloradians . He is a Sewer Rat  to be eliminated
So would you like to explain to me your subsequent vote to allow the skinny repeal and recklessly harm the lives of your constituents?
We HATE the Republican bill.  WHY IS THAT SO HARD FOR YOU TO UNDERSTAND.  We HATE HATE HATE HATE the bill. Stop pushing for it!!!!
Here is an opportunity to support a #bipartisan solution to weaknesses in the ACA
You need to have a real fix.
You voted yes on all three wildly divergent bills. We need bi-partisan engagement to #fixaca not a tax bill disguised as a healthcare bill.
@SenCoryGardner    You're time is almost up.  And someone with Coloradans best interests will soon have your seat
Thank you for your healthcare votes, Cory Gardner, and ensuring that someone else will be taking your place in the next election. Bye now!
Cory, is your #HealthCare #Medicaid goal same as @SpeakerRyan?  If so, come out and say so. #copolitics @IronStache
You didn't notice that health care is working pretty well in Colorado? You didn't notice that Colorado did not vote for #45AmericanJoke? SAD
That's ridiculous. What a sham and a shame.
Yeah but have you tried paying for health insurance for a family of 5? It's truly awful. Premiums went up from $850 to $1350.
Between what year and what year? If from 2007-2017, that's only like 5%/year.  Way slower than pre ACA. Right ?
Also, is that for the exact same coverage? Apples to apples comparisons? What was the 850 lifetime max, annual max, 18-26 cvg, prevent care?
I will remember what you supported when I head to the polls.  I am a Colorado voter. You do not represent the voice of CO.
Fuck this guy.
You voted because you are being paid millions to do so, not because you represent the people of your state. Quit lying. Quit your job.
BS - you're a soulless litle weasel!
Colorado had a solution for vote. It was the single payer system! We need to join civilized countries and take care of all of our citizens!
Coloradans do not want a meat ax approach to fixing health care. We want you to work with Democrats to fix the ACA.
Exactly. This is about the right to access health care for all citizens...not to provide insurers to make even more money.
You voted to take away health care from millions of Americans. You constantly lie.
You have failed the people of Colorado. We will not forget your disregard for our needs. Shame!
You are failing. See you at the polls
I truly hope that not one member of your family has to make the decision that far to many CO families will now have to make. Do we just let
2/ our family members go without care or do we bankrupt ourselves trying to save their lives? Do we loose our home because of lifetime caps?
3/ Do we languish w/o care because we have pre-existing conditions, often at birth? Do we go w/o lifesaving care because we were born female
4/ and can no longer access basic preventive testing because they're no longer covered and you voted to kill Planned Parenthood?
5/ How in the world do you expect us to support you when you have patently ignored us and our voice? You are a one terminal wonder!
I was assured you were a good man. I voted for you. I now see you're a rubber stamp for @realDonaldTrump. I failed my family when I voted.
Ahhhh, please wake up and pay attention! Dems have been extending a hand inviting bi-partisanship for years. your corrupt caucus rejects.
ACA is a Godsend 2 many. GOP r trying 2 strip it 4 tax cuts 4 the rich. Stop the BS, work with D's 2 improve not dismantle. U enjoy ur HC?
#Trump called you a fool
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
@GovofCO should fix healthcare so we don't have to depend on ppl like @SenCoryGardner whose only goal is to earn money from lobbyists
So.Let me get this http://straight.You  want to send premiums through the roof by removing the mandate.That, sir, is illogical.
Maybe you should listen to Coloradans. We want the ACA!!!
I'm so angry that you don't care about our livers or our hearts or our lungs. You didn't care if 16 million (skinny repeal) lost health ins.
There was no interest in open debate or in any input from those with different views. Listen and learn from your 3 honorable colleagues.
Did you realize that Mitch led you down a really bad path?  Work bi-partisan!  Come on Cory, engage!
Huh? That's weird. You mean, if you intentionally don't hold any debates, and you try to write a bill over lunch with #GOP, it's "divided"?
Coward. Bye in 2018
If you truly believe that then I look forward to seeing you fight for #SinglePayer Medicare for All.
Unlike ACA which leaves 22 million uninsured and BCRA/AHCA which leaves 53 million uninsured, a single payer leaves everyone covered.
and could possibly lower costs over all
I am ashamed of u Cory Gardner. I see where u stand and it's not with the people of Colorado. U must be proud that millions will lose ins
ObamaCare is not failing, it’s being sabotaged by the @gop.
At least have the courage to stand in front of the people of CO and hear us #TownHall stop hiding behind your office staff
To allow debate??? You are a puppet and will lose your job just as millions will lose their health care. #Coward
STOP PRETENDING like this will do ANYTHING but hurt people. You are a huge disappointment and we need you out of office. Immediately.
You're a fraud & a liar. You hold no town hall meetings & your staff doesn't answer the phones.  #GardnerisaKochSucker
I hope you are voted out of office for this.  You don't care about real people.
Gardner is just a tool for Trump. No surprise in today's vote...despite all the promises of independence, he isn't.
So I guess we can expect you to tow the ignorant, selfish, Republican Party line for the Donald. You do not represent CO in any way!
Is this your pledge to keep premiums from increasing? To prevent plans from being cancelled? To keep the process of amendments open?
FAIL
Your vote for skinny repeal does not reflect the opinion of a super-majority of we the people of Colorado. You pawn 4 @realDonaldTrump sad.
When is your next town hall? I would like to share my opinion with you in person. Stop hiding and face your constituents.
Yes!!  Over the Fourth of July you dodged your constituents and attended zero public events! Let us be heard.
You lie. Get your boot off the neck of Health care. OPEN HEARINGS & town halls.
Please provide solutions and a plan first for the people of Colorado
Well I won't be voting for you again....
Did you consider the fact that #ColoradoConnect works &that constituents have been trying to communicate their support for it? #KillTheBill
Let's also add to the debate Congress's move to whatever plan you yahoos come up with.
Just another spineless politician voting with his wallet and not for the people who put in there. Very shameful
But it was ok for your leadership to craft partisan legislation, no Dems, no public hearing no expertise.  Just tax cuts for the wealthy.
It's a wonder your fingers didn't catch fire as you typed those lying as* words. Karma sees all, knows all.
Also we can no longer subject Coloradans to a failed senator named Cory Gardner.
How dare you say this is what CO wants? Although you hide we have made it clear what we believe serves us best. You choose to ignore us.
Congratulations Senator. Obamacare was designed by the dems to fail. It needs to be repealed.
Keep ignoring your constituents, we'll be sure to return the favor in 2018! #CoryGardnerUnelectedIn2018
You are a puppet of Donald Trump and have no interest in protecting Colorado and the healthcare of so many less fortunate than you. SAD!
@denverpost @9NEWS Please let Coloradoans know who Gardner's donors are, so we know who he is representing - not my family's for sure!
Vote NO on repeal
You will be voted out, you're not listening to the CO voter and you'll be a minority in 2018 and voted out soon after.  Party before country
I'm a Coloradan. I will never forget, or forgive, your failure to protect my family. You and the whole GOP are very sick people. Disgusting.
You are so wrong. You cost Colorado $9 billion in Medicaid money. We will remember. We WILL vote you out!
It could be as high as $15.2B depending on who is crunching the numbers. Either way states like CO will suffer ‘bigly’. He will b ex-senator
You voted yes today because you are a coward who refused to announce how you would vote earlier because of your fear of repercussions
That's fine-you will be out of a job soon. Colorado hates you.
Shame on you! You screwed your constituents, and have now voted yourself out of a job
Stop your lies and stop hiding from your constituents. We will be sending our outrageous healthcare bills directly to you.
I will be voting also and it will not be for you! COUNTRY OVER PARTY....... You will loose

Do not support
Coward.
I'm unclear on why "working toward solutions" requires bypassing committees, the CBO, the parliamentarian, and everyone else in America.
STOP THE LIES.
Do not have to #RepealAndReplace . Reach across the aisle and find that solution
will damage healthcare markets, increase premiums and hurt millions.  Passing something just to say you did is bad policy
No.  What you voted for was to govern while flying blind and in secret.
Coloradans have 36 hours to shut you and your wealthcare down.
Premiums were going up either way. To allow it to go to the floor w/o a plan that doesn't just do more harm is irresponsible & dangerous.
You better have a gold plan or your out of office. We deserve a great health plan.
You are abdicating your responsibility to your constituents if you vote in favor of any "skinny" bill without knowing consequences. Save ACA
I dare you to stand in front of me and tell me why you voted for this "debate". Do not underestimate the power of a mother and a grandmother
What is proposed is not a solution. Millions losing ins. does not fix the healthcare system but is the definition of failure. Do fail us
You're supposed to be representing all your constituents not just rich ones, the disenfranchised can only hope you start supporting us.
You are done sir! 2020 we will remember this!
You know you’re full of , right?
We knew you would. That's why you will be a 1-term senator
Boo!
You spent most of those telling us about your sick daughter and father so you knew how hard it was. Until you rely on Medicaid you will not!
Sure. What did you do with the 20 pieces of silver? Asking for a friend.
To genuinely represent the needs of Coloradoans - principled NO vote followed by bipartisan work of developing a real healthcare plan
Coward!
That was a bad decision.
Listen to your constituents. This is only harmful to the people of Colorado! Totally disgraceful.
Please do not vote for the #SkinnyBill /Repeal You represent the People of #Colorado today.
So Center a partner are you going to be willing to pay my medical expenses? No debate! No debate! Leave Obamacare alone.
Do what is Right and Make sure everyone in Colorado has as good as health care that you enjoy - Universal Health Care for all !!!!
You should have come to some town halls first and explained your stance first... but now, whatever happens is on you!
How is it failing? Can you explain that to your constituents? Nope. Figured. #coward
Well now you don't get to be reelected, sorry.
You are wrong.  Don't allow this repeal to take place.  Don't hurt the people who elected you.  Don't do this to us.  Please!
What did you plan to do for your healthcare? We are asking for the same plan as yours and your family.
@cologop Support The Cunningham Plan for Universal Healthcare and Tax Reform
End POT PROHIBITION 2% Tax Max
10% Flat Tax
You don't have the courage to stand up for your constituents.
Listen to us! Repealing the ACA will only leave us worse off. Be transparent with your constituents and let us tell you our concerns!
Until you push the issue for a single pay system NOT run by insurance comps it won't matter if it's Obamacare or Trumpcare! Prems will rise!
I look forward to voting for your opponent. Miles the Broncos mascot would get my vote over you at this point. Miles 2020.
Hell, I'd vote for the empty head off the costume. Still would have more brains than Gardner.
The debate should be to try and fix aca not repeal and try and sneak it in.  What was that all about the voting o repeal?
Oh, so you do have a stance on healthcare?  Of course it's f#ck the will of of your constituents.
GTFOH!
Just FYI  repeal is not a "solution."
1/2 Work on the problems not throwing out the baby with the bath water. Or for God's sake hold a damn hearing and give this process time.
Thanks for doing what you can to get rid of Obama care. It's not good for my family. Plz work hard to repeal and replace!
How do you know what your constituents want when you won't even face them?!
No, you voted that way because you're a spineless jellyfish. I'll be donating to anyone trying to unseat you.
Oh nice you learned the completely bullshit talking points in under an hour.  Bravo satan's apprentice! Bravo!
Great!  Thank you!  Please repeal and replace. Try to get the Dems to come along. Doubt they will but please try.
Bill, they aren't replacing it with anything.  The ACA was originally a GOP idea.  They don't actually have any better ideas.
Congratulations for being deluded by the GOP for the last 7 years.
It may be there idea. The bill wasn't there's cost not affordable. Cost must be reduced. They will not get obstructionist help from DEMs!
Bill, GOP controls both houses.  It is not possible for the Dems to obstruct.
This is what you will face next time you are up. Good luck. I require a lung transplant. Look me in the eye and tell me to wait.
You refused to talk to ANY Coloradans for months, yet dare get on a Twitter soapbox about healthcare now?! You sir are plastic w/no shame.
I'm disappointed. As a physician I'm appalled.  You are supporting millions losing their health care.
To work towards solutions start with open hearings, not bad bills.
I like that our friends don't have to choose between care for their medically fragile child and bankruptcy. 11/3/20. Medicaid saves lives
Glad you are moving forward on this. Republican Senators must do their part for supporting MAGA
Senator, you did exactly what you were told to do by your party bosses. You don't even know which bill you going to debate.
No
What amendments? A full repeal would increase premiums 1000% - how is that better?
I hope you realize that this is relatively accurate but by approving #SkinnyRepeal then this will increase premiums even more. Do something!
I look forward to your explanation to why you voted the way you did.Honestly, it doesn't matter to me b/c you do not stand for all Americans
ACA needs work, but you're throwing out the baby with the bath water.
Too bad you won't be reelected. Sad.
Cory, we need FULL repeal and replace with free market.  We don't want this obamacarelite. Our family was devastated by obamacare.
The current bills do nothing to fix the problems w healthcare like high premiums, high costs for drugs, high costs for medical tests/scans
You voted to allow debate because you have no internal moral compass and only care about rich people like yourself.

The ACA can be fixed if we work together in an open process. Anything resembling appeal is NOT acceptable.
Please do not vote for any bill that lessens healthcare availability and participation for our most vulnerable citizens
Please spare me the ACA bashing. Pre-ACA my premiums doubled in less than three years  for a horrible policy. ACA made things better.
You are not a moderate Cory. Your voting record tells the whole story. You lied to us to they elected. Resign!
You are a failure.
Cory the coward doesn't converse with his Colorado constituents.
pathetic. you won't talk to constituents and wait THIS long to tweet a ridiculous statement. we won't forget. enjoy your limited time in DC
If I lose my healthcare, which is incredibly likely, I will spend all my remaining energy on getting you out of office.  #GoodGoalEitherWay
You and me both! I will be uninsurable and I will be at your door EVERY DAY @SenCoryGardner
You're right about one thing in your statement: "the status quo IS unnaceptable." #DumpCory2020
*unacceptable* 
Cory is proving  unnnnnnnnnnworthy of serving us. Too cowardly and unprincipled. Only stands for big money donors not we the people
This is the day you lost the 2020 election. Your vote will hurt millions of Americans. You should be ashamed of yourself.
You have Gov. Insurance=Gold Plan at little cost. But want to take away mine. I guess some people more equal than others.
Voting on debate is one thing. Voting to summarily repeal means we will summarily repeal your tenure as Senator in 2020.
I have read just about every single reply to this tweet and NONE of them are in support of your actions today. See you in 2018 
Unfortunately, he's not up for re election until 2020
Brutal! That's what I get for sending a reckless tweet without doing my research. Good thing I'm not a senator.
Actually you'd be better than him. You were within 2 yrs. What does he know about what he just voted for? 
Add this to the very long list of why nobody likes you. #garbagefire
#WeWillReplaceYou
Thank you Senator! Now let's repeal the ACA and move on tax reform for America!
I know you're sad it didn't work out, but on the bright side you won't be haunted by the ghosts of people whose insurance you took away

Ummm... I've been diligently watching for you to have a public conversation with Colorodans. There have been exactly none.
And then I watched as you had ADAPTers arrested for wanting to have a conversation w/you. Because that was better than actually conversing.
In that case why didn't you work toward solutions. YOU are a failure and we can no longer have you represent us.  I will work towards that!
You just voted to repeal Ocare without a clue what's in the replacement, deliberately hurting thousands of Coloradoans. 2020 is coming.
So I trust you'll be a vocal advocate for single-payer within the GOP?
I hope you have a really hard time finding healthcare when you lose your job. You failed us. You're gone.
How many people will lose healthcare in this solution you will now be debating and why do you think it's better than revamping ACA?
That's not what you did. You voted to keep your buddy @realDonaldTrump from being mean to you on Twitter. You do not represent Colorado.11/3

For shame. Please tell me how this has something to do with your show of Christian faith. Hypocrite.
You do realize that Jesus helped the sick, right? In case you weren't clear on that.
I don't believe Jesus offered insurance and didn't choose to heal everyone that was ill.
Well in your case #VOTE20
I'll be voting to remove you from office because I can no longer subject my fellow Coloradans to reps who only see one-party solutions.
tell yourself whatever you want to sleep at all tonight. #neverreelect
1)it is not failing
2)you are hurting myself, my wife and my friends by taking steps to remove ACA
3)I will make sure you are not reelected
You don't represent Coloradans' interests as demonstrated by your steaming pile of monkey heave voting record.
Good luck getting re-elected.
Blaming the ACA for the high cost of healthcare is like blaming snowplows for blizzards.  Make it better & stop grandstanding.
Thank you for putting party over Colorado once again. #sarcasam
"I voted to debate an unknown bill b/c I am shameless & craven & I lack the moral courage that God gave a mole rat." -@SenCoryGardner, probs
Voting you out in 2020.
You voted to line the pockets of the wealthiest Americans while condemning the rest to hope and pray they don't get sick.
Do not attempt to disguise your actions as anything other than valuing ideology over people. You had a chance to work across the aisle to...
fix the parts of the ACA that needed it. Instead, you stood with party over country. You failed this test, and we will not let you forget.
What exactly is the solution to fix it? Shouldn't you look to healthcare stakeholders for advice?
You know it will hurt people and that it has no demonstrable benefit for the people you represent. I wish you would explain that.
All of those issues you speak about in your statement are things caused by the actual INSURANCE COMPANIES—*NOT* the ACA.
Do your knees hurt? You're only pleasing Trump and not doing what WE pay you to do.
What is your plan to replace/repeal the affordable care act? What do you see as viable options for #CO residents?
@SenCoryGardner: "Hold on, I'll ask someone and never get back to you." 

Way to think for yourself. You make a great puppet, Cory.
Solution: single payer. Vote on what will work!! Vote for America instead of your rich cronies.
You really believed that? Sad day for CO when you were voted in.
From Your governor No on Skinny Repeal Yes to regular order
I don’t see a single response in support of your vote. I have heard countless Coloradans asking you to vote no. Who are you listening to?
Even if you can’t seem to understand basic empathy or the logical benefit to society and individuals of having care, listen to us.
