Cory, if you & your buddy @secretaryzinke are adamant to sell minerals on public lands, at least get a fair price.  http://scholarship.law.berkeley.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=4305&context=californialawreview …
.. Powder River Basin ..  royalty shortfall into the tens of billions! @interior @lisamurkowski @RonWyden
N. Korea tests about deterring US intervention. Kim Jong Un is a rational actor who values his opulent life and is already deterred
Hard choices: having healthcare ins ripped away or being nuked...
In the meantime...America wants you to FIX ACA
And now Venezuela?? Do you honestly trust him being in charge? Will you push Amend 25? Trump is out of control & someone needs to stop him!
Experts explain you cannot "deter" NK from its goal of building nuclear weapons. But there are options:
An aware, discerning and honest person would admit that we should not be in this crisis. Don't be on the wrong side of history Cory
Far too late for Cory.
Yep
Get rid of the madman in the White House. We r on the brink of nuclear war because of this insane narcissist.
Really, Cory? Are YOU enlisting or just sending countless young people to die for nothing?
Got a box of tools to deter the sociopathic, peurile fool in the WH?
Well I know I feel safer now.
Trump wants to solve North Korea in a month. It will take years, decades. But we'll get there. Cutting off trade with China won't help.
Really? When are you going to stop sucking up to 45 and do right by the people of Colorado? And NO, didn't care for your "statement"
Twice now I have heard Denver specifically mentioned with regard to NoKo so I guess we're next after Guam?
If we go to war (nuclear) in the Korean Peninsula or war with China, 2017 will either be the year of America's Second Revolution or 1st Coup
Please do something about @realDonaldTrump before it's too late and he needlessly wastes American lives. Stand up for Coloradans now!
Repeal Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell!
Haven't we done this already 
Hey Cory, where are you? Bennett is holding daily town hall meetings in your district! Why aren't you?
You mean state? He represents all of Colorado.
The only way to stop it is to put an adult in the White House. You know we wouldn't be here if any other GOP candidate had won the election
What are we going to do to deter White Supremicist Nationalists right here in our country???!!! Killing American Citizens??!!
The strongest force for change in NK is not a bellicose Trump; it's technology. USB drives, cell phones, DVDs smuggled in from China.
Kim knows actually hitting the US would spell ruin to his lavish lifestyle. He's already deterred by US nuclear fleet
Read your statement.  I don’t see you calling for more sane, civil communication from our commander in chief on this particular nuclear issu
e. You can’t stand up to your own party on the nonsensical policy decisions, situations, and flubs they’ve racked up this past year.
2020
So far you've refused to deploy your Congressional oversight responsibility. You, too, are responsible for any madness from WH. #complicity
When are you having a real townhall?The people of Denver have questions.Seems like there isn't much diplomacy happening.Just empty threats.
Kim is nuts, but he knows if he did something stupid we would bake em like we did Japan, except scorched NK.
"Please ignore my submission to trump and let me pretend I know something about North Korea."
As if you have any say in that. But what you CAN do is get the Maniac Trump out of office to avoid this! #25thAmendmentNow
Diplomatic= possible nuclear annihilation? You need to pull your head out of the sand.
You know what's not diplomatic? Tweeting jingoistic threats like a moron, knowing that cowardly senators will continue their support of you.
Cory, I bet in North Korea they are smart enough not to dump coal waste into streams which you vote allowed. We only have one planet.......
Any law being introduced to prohibit future cash to play scandel Any law where extoration of banks goes to treasury not political non profit
Deter by managing #45. He's the last person I want to have the nuclear codes and poking North Korea. Please do something. We are at risk.
I'm sure you'll get back to whining about the ACA and how single payer is socialist soon. Love to have you say it to our faces on the FR.
We have a weak state dept. and an unhinged mentally ill military fool not tool (though Trump is a tool and you support him) in charge. Fixit
Wow, can't believe I missed this interaction w/ our missing Senator. And look! It's about NK. So surprised. #WheresCory
you are blindly following a mad man
Please stop tweeting about North Korea, @SenCoryGardner


I enjoy me convos with my fellow vets in the Springs, esp. about how you care less for vets and soldiers We agree you are not the man for us
Senator, Trump is mouthing off about nuking N Korea?!?  We need peace negotiations not threats of nuclear war.
Don't forget to stop by CIF and sign for your gear Cory, you will need it on the front lines.
Cory, you lost the privilege of speaking for Colorado AND the American people when you VOTED FOR MCCONNELLCARE.

I recommend you RESIGN NOW.
You talk about bringing Kim to his senses;do you have a plan to bring Trump to his senses too?Or a plan to rid us of this cartoon president?
Suggest you support Trump 100%. Don't waffle! Persuade Rinos to escape Swamp, or avoid them.
Blue C0 conservatives.& Indep., your only hope!
I hope you have enlisted in the military to be one of the first people with boots on the ground in nk.
Coward.
Gulp.
As a constituent you are a horrible senator
You have the opportunity to de-escalate this issue. This is your time, take action and do not follow the path of the weak.
Chickenhawk who has spent his career living off, and hiding from, taxpayers. I'm sure they're quaking in their boots from your tough talk.
you're over done
I'd rather deploy you, tool.
I don't feel safe with this prez
how about deploying some common sense you saber rattling, water carrying, sycophant tool of the war profiting #gop? Your prez is the problem
Reckless provocation w/o counsel by incompetent @realDonaldTrump 
NOT any "good" military options! #CollateralDamage
Invoke #25thAmendment
Mr. Gardner needs to be fired next election. Hes done nothing for health care
I certainly hope so.  That nut job cant be trusted
Have you studied the economic impact of your NKEAA bill on the US if a trading embargo occurs with enabler, China? Nuclear v Economic Winter
What is really going on here?  Why, all of a sudden, is NK the end of the world?  Time for some transparency and facts.
Cory you've got a lot of haters. BLUE C0 has no use for you. Get solidly behind Trump, cuz you're going to need every C0, Conservative Vote!
Senator, are we certain our nuclear arsenal & missle defenses are "state of the art?" Could our Political Generals mislead DJT?
Investigate!
, people have enjoyed asking #CardboardCory all sorts of questions today!! You're such a good listener!
WHY IS YOUR PARTY TRYING TO START A NUCLEAR WAR? ARE YOU MAD?? A reminder that today in 1945 a nuclear bomb was dropped on Nagasaki.
This is the leader of the GOP lying about US nuclear arsenal. My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal.
You talk sooo tough. You are simply a Trump tool. Well you will be until he gets impeached. Then you might turn. Sad
Pleased talk to your @potus, your constituents are afraid of his vindictiveness and impulsive behavior.
What are you doing to stop Trump from getting us in to a nuclear war? Support S.200 restricting 1st use of nuclear weapons.
Senator Gardner with all due respect will that include ceasing the  president's critical and threatening remarks ?
How many of your children will you be sending off to war?
From someone afraid 2 face his constituents. You pay lip service & gladhand your corp donors. We are woke #OneTermCory #NoFirstStrike
Stop banging the drum. This is terrifying. What happened to diplomacy? Do you not want your children to grow up?
Same as when taking care of CO constituents' affordable health care? Yes?
Nobody cares what you think.
Resign 
#CantWaitToReplaceYou
We don't care what you think about NK! Come out of your office and meet with your constituents. You have an approval of 24%! Get to work!
You have been determined to be irrelevant by most Colorado voters. Your abandonment of  constituents will not be forgotten!
No one wants to get into a pissing contest with North Korea with our dumb president calling the shots.
corrupt politicians and their supposed tools. I think it's the politicians that are the tools
As a farm kid, what part of "let sleeping dogs lie" don't you understand? #nuclearsuntan
"We will deploy every economic and diplomatic tool to deter North Korea." Is better, you knob. But you speak so rarely, how would you know?
Sez the guy who shook Duarte's hand.
NK capability still not indep confirmed. Had fire drill before. Everybody calm down & quiet till have facts. Pls stop poking hornet nest

Please support S.200-Restricting First Use of Nuclear Weapons Act. Using nuclear weapons should never be improvised or unpredictable.
Deploy a town hall! Who deterred you from holding town hall meetings? NK doesn't care, but your constituents sure do.
Excellent
How about you deploy yourself to Denver? We'd love to talk N. Korea and a few other subjects with you!
There you are Peter oh I mean Cory
How about employing tools to deter the madman chickenhawk Trump!?
We need an ambassador to NK and YOU are the MAN.
You never want to talk about healthcare, do you? Coward. #yourlastterm
You are a tool. Can we send you there?

Campaign contributions from Koch Bros.: $10 million
Annual salary: $600 K
Deflecting attention away from your health care vote: priceless
There are some things money can't buy... for everything else, there is soft money
It's silly for you to even hint at diplomacy, the one who can't even talk to his own constituents. #realtownhall
#ImpeachTrump is only way #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
You're so tough bringing up the military. Of course you wanted to kick most of their  parents off healthcare a week ago!
we've been at war so long that there are people in this country in Highschool that  weren't even alive the last time we were at peace
TOoooooooo Late Cory! Colorado is DONE with you
POTUS threatens nuclear war and your response is 'hell yes'? Maybe you should hold a town hall in Seoul so you go out in the first wave.
Would threatening fire and fury be part of diplomacy? Trump is the problem and you are complicit.
You seem to have the order wrong. Diplomatic. Economic. Military (<-- always last).
Stop! I'm already drunk!
"Business as usual with China is over..." 

You all really need to stop drawing lines in the sand. You learn NOTHING from Obama's red line?
A strange game. The only winning move is not to play. How about a nice game of chess?
Not to mention horrible stuff like this...
Kim Jong Un is spent 6 years in a Swedish CIA training facility learning how to be the next boogeyman. Look it up.
Shut up. U have nothing of value to say. Go away.
If the nukes fly I don't think it will matter as to how good your health care is.
Agree with your statement however, why r u & everyone of your peers unable to do anything to curtail POTUS and POTUS' mouth.
How about you deploy all the chicken hawk loudmouths wearing MAGA caps? They all want to shoot somebody, don't they?
Behaving as if #NorthKorea is a Chinese Colony, and USA speaking for #SouthKorea may backfire.
you shall not commit murder
So, in this instance, which type of tool are you?
So brave... Coward when it comes to meeting with constituents on healthcare, but talks military action on NK.  You will be voted out
#nomorewar
You need to get off the Trump Train. Your future, and that of your children, depends on it.
Control Trump who doesn't have a clue. I don't feel safe with who is in charge.
Does this include a preemptive nuclear strike, as was threatened yesterday?
Yeah cory,get the senate together to dump McConnell as leade, Get @SenJohnMcCain  to resign. Leave the NK heavy lifting to the adults
I'm sure you'll visit N Korea before you face your constituents back home...
Yes, it's been mi this since he visited Duterte. He needs to brush up on his dictators so he knows what to do back home
Sorry, please remind me who you are again? You look vaguely familiar.....
This guy is scared of his own constituents but is threatening war with North Korea. He's a joke. Needs to be voted out.
#NoMoreWars
Leave the military out of this.  Last resort only.  This is crazy talk.
We need to remove our inept leader that you rubber stamp at every opportunity presented to you.
Do a town hall.
