It was an honor to visit the Korean War Memorial in Seoul in May & honor the Coloradans whose names are engraved into the memorial.
You vote to cut the CDC by 20%. Brilliant
Why not acknowledge Coloradans that served in Korea & are still alive? My father has Parkinson's; sadly he voted for U so U should meet him.
CORY. YOU ARE BAD AT LISTENING.
Now vote no for the skinny- another bad policy.
Stop voting to take away people's health care. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Heading towards 2nd anniversary of you not holding a real #townhall. How about you remember your constituents?
Republicans!
How about a Real Townhall, with 48 hours advance notice?
And give the News Media advance notice, also!
Freedom from what? I don't recall the threat threat North Korea posed to muh freedoms.
What freedom is this you keep babbling on about? Nothing in this country is free.
too bad you forgot to repeal Obamacare so I get to keep paying for other people who are too lazy to pay for their own life
You must REPEAL & REPLACE not skinny repeal Obamacare. I voted for you but not next time unless it's REPEAL You go on that horrible system!
We won't forget!
You are a bad person
And your voting to pass the "skinny" health care bill puts over 400,000 Coloradans at risk of dying without health insurance. Nice legacy!
Passing murderous legislation in this reckless, thoughtless way disrespects the memory of all our fallen heroes. You are no patriot.
Then focus on our vets and quit beating your chest over health care reform.
Hey Cory - how about voting the way your constituents want you to? NO on this ridiculous plan to repeal Obamacare. Just do what's right!!!
What are you doing to fix our healthcare system?
Wow, your constituents hate you, Gardner. Are you even paying attention? Can't wait to see you go in 2020.
But you could care less about those of us who you voted to remove health care from.
Where's Cory hiding from your constituents? You are the biggest sheep of them all, just a follower. No guts, no balls!
Korea to Cory Gardner
Thanks for honoring Coloradans who made ultimate sacrifice. What about giving those of us still living decent healthcare? #noskinnyrepeal
Oh stop it! Your party is a joke, you are a coward, don't you DARE talk about those who died in the name of America.
We'll remember you and your votes in #2020
Just think, you killed more people than that with one vote. Congrats Cory!
Too bad you can't sacrifice some of your time to meet with constituents who aren't involved in big business. Hold a town hall!
Love all the ideologues on here who divert/rant their ideology which has nothing to do with the original tweet.
Millions of Coloradans will lose their healthcare please dont vote for #trumpcare #wealthcare its not in the best interest of our citizens!
To bad you don't care about the average American that is sad.
Healthcare Cory.  Don't change the subject
As you sacrifice the rest of us #HealthcareBill
One way to honor current mil is to stand against @potus trans ban!
Do not support the skinny repeal.  It is bad for Colorado.  It is even worse that you force your constituents to beg 4 healthcare....
Beg for healthcare? Lol
Are you gonna stand in front of the graves of the thousands who may needlessly die do to your actions on healthcare? SAY CHEESE!
Were any gay, transgender, or undocumented immigrants?
Seriously are you just doing this to f*ck with us now?
Healthcare HEALTHCARE healthcare. 64 years ago VS now with American lives at stake NOW. No AHCA BCRA!
You are in the minority.
Do you believe their families and descendants should have access to healthcare? From your votes so far it appears your answer is NO.
Can't wait until we can vote you out of office in 2020
Did you check if any were gay or transgender before your statement? You are a Trump tool!
And you were not even willing to vote to protect American citizens. You are not fit to mention them.
Exile @SenCoryGardner
GOP Death Panel repeal of the ACA will kill more Coloradans!
How many Korean vets loose medical coverage w/ur vote. How many will be kicked out of nursing homes? Look up def of "honor". U have no honor
Zero.
Let's make sure we don't make millions on the peninsula unwitting sacrifices to the caprice of two unbalanced leaders now.
And how many Coloradans are going to lose their health care when you continue to vote for this GOP bullshit?
Lose healthcare?
On the 69th anniversary of Truman's integration of the Armed Services, how about a tweet condemning @POTUS reintroducing discrimination?
Fat people cant serve.
Soft Cory Gardner caring about the past people of CO. We know he doesn't care the living people of CO. Too weak to meet them.
Retire, Cory.
Blah blah blah
Good God man, get a clue.
Thanks for honoring Korean War Vets.
This might not be the venue, but thanks for supporting DJT & ungrateful citizens on HealthCare reform.
@GOP #SkinnyRepeal #SaveACA Stop tweeting! Start blocking repeal! Try representing citizens, not Party!
Nice to honor those who fought & died. Now don't vote yes for the skinny bill that is being put together at lunch. Fix ACA don't replace
'2027: On the 10th anniversary of the GOP stealing healthcare we remember the 10,000 Coloradans who died for millionaires tax cuts'
these whiny libs still whining because they lost the election......BOO HOO
And thousands more want to sacrifice their health care so a few rich coloradoans will get nice, juicy tax cuts. #MAGA
You're sacrificing your constituents health for the sake of your own political career! #RESIGN
Thanks Cory....You are doing an outstanding job!!!!
575,000 Colo residents would lose health coverage, vote No on skinny bill! Fix & Improve Obamacare, Yes!
Do you stand with our transgender servicemembers or with the bigot in the WH?
How about the thousands of Coloradans you're going to kick off healthcare in your pursuit of freedom & liberty?
Please don't sacrifice the healthcare of thousands of Coloradans to a bad, bad, bad bill. #morethan300
When is your next town hall? I would like to share my opinion re: health care with you in person. Stop hiding and face your constituents.
What insurance will you have for your family? Will ur child still get coverage? Mine won't. Why is ur child more valuable than mine?
Why won't your child?
VOTE NO ON THE HEALTHCARE "SKINNY" BILL
That's nice.  Really.  Now let's discuss your healthcare votes.
Yes, we honor their service. Part of that freedom, Senator, is not having to worry about getting sick due to lack of insurance. #notrumpcare
Direct your DC & COS staff to answer their phones.
Repeal and Replace: repeal ACA tax on medical equipment, replace with specific tax on Trump properties gains.
Are you going to remember the 1000's you will be responsible for kicking off healthcare?   Is it fun living in trumps back pocket?  #1term
And from what I hear, you plan on killing us. This is a question to all of you. You know that there are more of us than you, right?
Even then transgender, gay and lesbian fought and provided support for our troops. Trumps call for a ban is a disgrace!
Senator, stop tweeting! Start blocking the "skinny repeal" bill. Don't push your job off on the House. Represent us!!!!!
We pay you Mr. Cory. We pay you. And if you plan on killing us, I would suggest that you think out how we will react to that. All of us.
in all of this time for a reason. The reason is, most of the GOP is almost dead guys living in soulless lives who's brains have atrophied.
Did you remember them when voting away health care or when trying to start another Korean War?
This may surprise you, but you represent the people of Colorado, who deserve the same #healthcare as your family gets. #Hypocrites
e and hoping you guys pull something off within a couple of years. That's just not going to work Cory. You guys haven't pulled anything off

Thread .....


https://twitter.com/MorcoVelo/status/890600943561064448 …
I have the same respect for anyone who makes that sacrifice, regardless of their gender identity. #TransRightAreHumanRights
Wonder how you will explain to your own children why you voted to deny healthcare to millions of Americans.
Honor the dead, ignore the living, is that your MO Cory? You voted no@ so it's just a wait 'till they're dead too.
those 300 proudly served our country, with honor. What is your position on denying the dignity of service by 15,000 trans service members?
And how many Coloradans will make the ultimate sacrifice when you take away their healthcare so that your rich buddies can be richer?
But 45 kicks out LBGT & YOU are happy to KILL 200k while kicking off 22 or 16M from HC. Worst Congress ever!
And we'll remember your ultimate sacrifice to take health care away from 575,000 Coloradans. Put state, country before party and Trump.
And how many Coloradans will you kill with your vote to take away healthcare?
How many coloradans are you going to sacrafice to give a huge tax cut to the wealth? Your health care vote was despicable. Shane on you.
Cory, I feel like you'd rather talk about ANYTHING before talking about how bad this bill is and how you're gonna screw your constituents.
We will be commemorating in the future those who will die from the passage of the new healthcare bill?
Why are you voting to sacrifice the health of Coloradans and the economy of our state?  Cut it out!  Do your job and #ProtectOurCare!

TO EVERYONE TWEETING #ProtectOurCare 
PLEASE ENCOURAGE FOLLOWERS TO MAKE CALLS TODAY!! https://twitter.com/zmcb40/status/890585888970993665 …
Thank you Mr. Gardner!
All must remember the sacrifice.
Thanks for not sacrificing us for the ACA..also known as the unaffordable care act
You are amazing! You can vote to kill millions of CO, hate on trans folks, and kill wild horses all in 1 week. Please stop working so hard.
.@SenCoryGardner 

Keep calling, Colorado!!!
Oh so now you care about the lives of Coloradans? There is a real disconnect between your words and actions, Senator. #ProtectOurCare
Cory is willing to blatantly bypass Senate rules of order, no transparency, playing politics with our healthcare to win #KochPoints
Check your voicemail.
Will @SenCoryGardner still accept his TAXPAYER FUNDED health coverage when he STEALS healthcare from 575,000 Coloradans???

#KeepCalling
That's a lie.
I

I'll just leave this here, #TrumpDummy....
Will you oppose the "skinny" h/c bill that will rip insurance from 16M, raise premiums by 20%, and hurt veterans?
How about remembering your constituents who get health care through the ACA?
You have no honor when you want to throw most of your constituency under the healthcare bus. SHAME.
I can't get through to your office. DO NOT VOTE TO SABOTAGE OUR HEALTH CARE. "Skinny repeal" is a disaster. PEOPLE WILL DIE. DO NOT DO THIS.
No one ever gets through to his office. It's like he doesn't want to talk to his constituents or something.
It takes me, on average, 50 calls to get through. I didn't get through at all  yesterday and no luck so far today.
I talked to Ryan yesterday in Ft colllins. I never ever get thru to D.C. And only once in while to Denver
You're partnership with the dark libertarian goal of the Koch bros is an attack on our constitution and democracy.
Maybe Trump could appoint you Ambassador to Korea; then we could get a Senator that cares about health care for the people of Colorado?
Truth!! That is a great idea.
The freedom you are willing to sacrifice for your great leader, Trump. You are supposed to rep your constituents - not Trump. DO YOUR JOB.
I suggest a cage match between you and Kim Jong-un. You could stand to make some money and we all know that is what you care about the most.

Today we remember a cowardly piece of shit named Cory Gardner who voted to strip health care from millions, and ignores his constituents.
We remember. We'll also remember how you vote on healthcare.
And @SenCoryGardner gives the finger to 22 million Americans over health care, many of whom will make the ultimate sacrifice.
He's willing to make that sacrifice to further the Koch bros agenda.
What are you doing right now?!Why don't you get back to business and fix the #ACA?! #ProtectOurCare
