You mean you actually visited our state?  When you were here, did you ID a school district to donate the DeVos $50k to?
oh please! You no longer represent your State.Stop the fluff and do something to protect constituents.
MEET WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS! OR are you CHICKEN!? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TphEh0Qgv0 … #corygardner #TOWNHALL
When will you have a Town Hall to meet with regular Coloradans?
.@SenCoryGardner Perhaps you should come home to Colorado and meet with the majority of your contituents who cannot come to DC.
We would appreciate the opportunity to meet with you and discuss a great many issues. We're free next week.

more of your #PAIDPROTESTORS?  Must be since you will meet with them. 
#TownHall
how you be sure those aren't paid protesters? How about a town hall? 11/3/20
PS - Voting for Pruitt?  BAD
can we get lunch?
So you hand-selected 6 people to talk to?  What about the rest of us, real, un-paid, actual constituents?  #townhall SOON
Shame on you for voting in #Pruitt for @EPA lead; I predict more dirty energy in our future, lost #Colorado #greenjobs
How on earth did they get an appointment when no one seems to be answering any calls to your office? #80010
While talking tech did you mention the reaming they will get if YOU let the FCC undermine Net Neutrality?
When is your town hall meeting? Your other constituents have a few things to discuss with you.
So many Coloradans in that picture. Did they each pay your standard $49.8k fee?
too bad u can't show your face in CO. No face-to-face town hall during recess? Grow a backbone. #notpaid 80134
OMG, can you be any more demeaning or are you really that out of touch? 80005 #wherescory
and they're all white/whitepassing? colorado is more diverse than that my guy. people of color wanna talk tech/jobs too
wish you'd 'appreciate' an opportunity to talk w/your 'unpaid' constituents instead of hiding!! #DoYouJob!!!
Nice bubble you've got there.  A real town hall meeting would impress us constituents a little more.
.@SenCoryGardner bish please! What does it take to get a meeting w your constituents on the books? Oh...I remember now. $50k?
it would be great if you would hold a PUBLIC town hall meeting --your constituents are ALL Coloradans, not a handpicked few
Lots to discuss with you in Durango. We pay your salary and expect for you to listen to us. Town Hall mtgs in CO - NOW!
how about you hold a public town hall? #onetermgardner
hello, can you hear me, i've been wondering if after all these calls you'd like to meet, to go over everything
touche
The opportunity to have a staged meeting in a controlled environment?  Nice.  Where will you live after the punishment?
So why haven't you met with more Coloradans?
sitting around in a low-tech echo chamber does not impress us.
.@SenCoryGardner Meeting with 6 people does not equal "Coloradans". Stop hiding from your constituents. Proud CO resident in 80401.
Where? I was at your Denver office today and they told me you won't share your schedule with them.
interesting. The DC office explicitly told me I had to contact Denver for his schedule... hmmm.
interesting when Den doesn't answer phones and won't allow people in their office (I was asked to leave)
Looks like a setup. Meet your constituency, Senator! #notpaidprotester
I count six people in that photo. You need to hear from more of us. Hold a town hall! #wherescory
Of you actually appreciated meeting with Coloradoans, you'd schedule a real town hall.
.@SenCoryGardner You managed to meet w/ 6 people! Now multiply it by about 300, and call it a town hall so we all can get our Qs answered.
why aren't you calling for a bipartisan investigation into the Russian/Trump conspiracy
cherry picking for photo ops. As with anything, the longer you ignore something, the worse the consequences. #gardnerout2020
........because ACA, investigations, and approving cabinet appointees isn't important to your constituents?  You're afraid
He never takes my calls. Maybe I have to donate $ to him?Or are those paid constituents? #resist #yourfired @indivisibleden
In your safe space.
when is the townhall?
it would be great if you would meet with Coloradoans who have repeatedly asked for town halls.  Yeah, that would be great.
one term and done. You only discuss things with little to no results.
what about a townhall with constituents? I would attend.
we would be SO VERY Happy To see you CO town hall. When & Where? Or U choose to continue to hide?
1355 DAYS 23 HOURS 02 MINUTES left to keep ignoring your constituents. Better save up that DeVos money. #resist
You HAVENT BEEN MEETING WITH COLORADANS!! Your cabinet votes have been HORRIBLE, BAD, UNFAIR, & UN-AMERICAN. REPRESENT US!!!
#RejectPruitt
why not meet with constituents to discuss our healthcare needs, taxes, national security and integrity concerns?
we'd like you to meet with us at a town hall during Senate recess #NotPaid #ListenToColorado
if you don't set up a town hall meeting, we will set it up for you, if you don't show we will know how you feel about CO
how about a town hall meeting Cory. Do it for the people if you care about the people of colorado
when can we expect a town hall meeting?
if you got enough money
how about a Town Hall with your constituents? I am free tomorrow, or the next day, or the day after that, or after that....
were they handpicked? Come on Senator. You are not representing your whole state. Really even a 1/3 of it
Meet with us in town hall meetings - we've got a lot to discuss
townhall
you should be ashamed to show yourself meeting with anyone until you meet with your constituents at home for valid concerns
Where? Y won't u meet with ur constituents? We want 2 talk abt important things like our president in bed with the Russians
wow you met with 5 whole Coloradans. How about meeting with the rest of us   80228
imagine the jobs if you did not internet sales be tax free
Yet you're too cowardly to share your schedule with the public.
nice group of white people in suits you've got there;  any PUBLIC meetings open to constituents while you're in-state?
Focus, @SenCoryGardner. You look far too cozy, almost like you won't demand an investigation into the Russia hijinks.
are they "real"?
Did you discuss the fact that we may have to nullify the election?
being a politician is similar to a marriage without open communication it doesn't work. Don't go to bed angry #whereiscory
I'd love to see you in my district sometime!! Not sure you've even heard of the western slope! #visitDurango
where?  We haven't seen you in public ANYWHERE. #holdatownhall
Smart move. You'll be needing a job in 2020.
really? you appreciate meeting coloradans? sure doesn't seem like it to me.
I will work against your re-election anyone but Gardner
don't tell me what to appreciate!
meeting only 4 at a time? Will take a long time to hear all view points. We WILL be persistent until you listen!!!
I love how placid these photos seem. Almost as if you're in a tiny crystal box, unable to hear your constituents at all.
Pls post your town hall schedule. Many of us want to discuss  things like transparency, taxes, const. rights. #resist
where's my invite?
still waiting for any dates for a town hall. Is this being worked on?
this is a weak attempt to show you listen to constituents. #countdownto2020 #notapaidprotester 80538
. I see 5 constituents. What about the other Colorado constituents. Cory Gardner is missing.
wait you met people from your state?! Did they buy you off too?!
did you talk about why you voted to overturn the Stream Protection Rule? Or answer any of your constituents' questions
Appreciate a schedule of upcoming town hall meetings so you can hear from constituents. You know, the people who elected you
Wow. How did they get a meeting? We had 19,000 signatures requesting a town hall, and you ignore us. #wherescory
Are you going to come to Colorado and talk to us?  Are you afraid of your constituents?  #GardnerEqualsTrump
Cory continues to the follow the GOP Senate mandated "Avoid Constituents" playbook, meet with campaign donors, post pics.
Maybe they've got some ideas about a different job for you, Cory. One in which you could accomplish something
I'm moving out of CO this year but you are so out of touch with CO, I'm planning to donate to your opponents. Coward.
how about a town hall so you can hear from more of us?
If you are so proud, why do I get the feeling you love avoiding us? Citizen from 80129 (non-paid!)
Let's talk tech.  Technically the world is burning up.  Global warming will destroy us, unless Trump destroys it first.
any dates set for the rest if us? Town halls are needed since you won't answer your phones
But you won't take a phone call from Coloradans who want you to vote down DeVos?
While you wrongly accuse us of being paid protesters, you shun your responsibilities to us for which you are paid. 80207
.@SenCoryGardner Time for a little town hall. We have a few things to discuss with you. 80207
it's time for a town hall.  We elected you and we want to know you're listening to all of us.  2020 is not that far away.
When was this? Not in CO, I'll bet. And with whom did you meet? Bi-partisan group? #TownHall #WheresCory
Town Hall! 80487
Hey Cory, is your buddy Sessions gonna block any real investigation into POTUS treason? If yes, IT'S YOUR FAULT!

Why are you fiddling while Rome is burning.  This administration is a disgrace!
so if we show up at your DC office can we have an impromptu town hall? When should we schedule that?
When will you meet with US, your actual constituents? #notpaid 80401
how much did they pay to meet with you?? #TownHall
maybe @SenBennetCO could come too, so you don't have to be scared...teamwork!
pretty sure Colorado has more than six people
investigate the Russians in the White House.  Unbelievable the Republicans could care less.
You're doing it wrong. Let me know if you need help finding a room with more than 6 visitor chairs.
there are a few more Coloradoans that would like to meet with you in Colorado.
that's a very small group. How about a town hall where 100s or 1000s can talk to you? #SaveACA #copolitics
this would be a great time for a town hall, Senator. Your constituents seem to want to talk about a lot of issues.
So were they pissed you voted yes on DeVos and are dedicated to creating a less educated & literate workforce?
When are you going to invoke the Logan Act? #ImNotpaid 80023
THE ISSUE NOW - NATIONAL SECURITY. 
It appears Trump/Advisors may have worked w/Russia during the campaign. Investigate!
what about a town hall?
I only see 6 people with you. How about a town hall instead? You can meet a thousand of us. #WorkSmarter
hey --get a group of constituents together to talk about treason in the WH
so now are you gonna say that if there was a vote on Puzder, u would have voted no?? Let's discuss at town hall meeting.
why not meet with your constituents who are asking for a town hall? Ur job is2 represent US, not 2be paid2 vote against us.
Please focus on investigating the Russia/Trump Administration issues. This is about saving democracy! #CountryOverParty
how about a town hall?!
is a PAID man. He doesn't work for us! He works for wealthy donors and grants big favors. The #truth is catching up to you!
were climate change or the EPA discussed? Represent CO not special interests! #StopPruitt EPA Region 8 needs you to stand up
EPA Region 8 IS a CO threatened workforce. Do you care? U work for the citizens of CO NOT big oil in spite of their big $$$
it appears our senator is under a rock somewhere. Hello @SenCoryGardner DO SOMETHING.

So when are you going to do a town hall?
continues to show his ass full of cowardice. He supports the full Trump agenda, incl. turning over U.S. Nat Sec to Russia
Many other Coloradans have been trying to meet with you to discuss #ACARepeal  #russiagate #Colorado  #whereiscory
how about a real town hall?  Your constituents want to talk to you!  Also, how about an investigation into Russia please.
but not on their concerns about education?
To: @SenCoryGardner 
How much does it cost to have a meeting with you? Can we get a group discount for a town hall?
I believe that the cost is roughly around, say.... $50k. Maybe we can find a groupon for town hall meeting?
He can be bought outright for $50K. Surely we can rent a little bit of his time for less than that?
Ducking your constituents Senator?  We have some questions for you and we aren't going away.  80222
when will you meet with actual constituents who want to discuss real life concerns??? #notpaid 80112
do you make them leave their bribe money upfront on your desk in an unmarked envelope like regular prostitutes do?
La tee da. Nothing happening here, folks. Just business as usual. Ignoring us will only energize us. From an 80002 voter.
I called the Denver office on Monday and was told they didn't have your schedule. Hmmmnnn, running scared are you?
How about us regular voters, Cory?
sounds good, hope you will schedule a couple of town halls to meet with us as well. #notpaidjustapatriot 80007
looks like 6 people, that's all you can handle? You're losing all credibility by hiding from YOUR CO constituents. Man up!
straighten out your desk. Maybe you'll find all of those messages regarding town hall you ignored from your constituents.
your tie is yellow and crooked just like you! LOCK YOU UP!!
You know, and America knows, that Flynn made those calls at Trump's request. Investigate it! DO YOUR JOB!
You met with people about jobs, yay!  We have a treasonous president who's cabinet noms you voted for every time. Not yay!
Cyber and Tech not exactly on-topic. Coloradans might also want to discuss immigration, national security, and confirmations
Schedule a town hall and meet with the people you represent, you coward! Investigate Trump, work for US! 80504, #notpaid
Six sure is a lot of people. How about meeting with hundreds MORE Coloradans via a live town hall. Free of charge. #notpaid
#FlynnDidntActAlone
Trump aides were in constant touch with senior Russian officials during campaign!
Investigate Trumpf!
*6 Coloradans. Don't pretend like you are listening to your constituents. You aren't available to us.
try meeting with constituents that aren't hand picked by your staff. Try a meeting on our home turf which is no longer yours
you're great at ignoring the treasonous scandals going on in this administration. Do your job!
you guys discussed cyber? Neat. 

Any chance the topic of high treason came up?
were they all Republicans?  When are you going to TALK to non-vetted Coloradans?
Like meeting and hearing from your constituents? I heard a great way to do that is to schedule a town hall. Give it a try! 
Trump is a fraud, a liar, and most likely treasonous.
