Outdoor Rec + Public Lands = 229,000 jobs in Colorado & $28 billion in consumer spending. Protect CO's public lands so we can #ThriveOutside 
Vote Democrat next time and we wouldn't be in this mess.
How about protecting the lives of people with disabilities? Vote no on Trumpcare!
Please vote NO on Trumpcare! or many poor handicap citizen will suffer.
And voting No on #BCRA will benefit CO's Economy and People!
If you think about it, killing lots of people will probably be good for the environment.
Thank you!!
What about the 2.8k Colorado jobs in health care that will be lost due to AHCA? What are you doing about that?
Poppycock!
Where do You stand on Sec. Zinke possibly removing protected acres from National Parks and National Monuments?
Like voting to ditch methane limits? #TalkIsCheap
Including having your constituents arrested? Sad.
It takes more than words, Senator. Please do all you can.

Watch and RT: people w/ disabilities protesting in @SenCoryGardner's office being dragged to jail: https://www.facebook.com/CarrieAnnLucasPersonal/videos/10212361209121553/ … #GOPhealthcare
This might be a better statement if you didn't vote for Pruitt. Actions>Words. 11/3/20
But will you protect the people of Colorado by voting no on the disgusting #HealthcareBill. I'm not feeling hopeful
@SenCoryGardner We all know it's about undoing ANY thing Obama did be your own man here #VoteNo #Colorado
it's because he is greedy and has accepted lots of $$$ from big pharm corporations
Koch Bros etc have his neither region in vise grip. They will give no more $$ until they kill ACA/have tax reform for 1%. Straight up coward
Disapointed in @SenCoryGardner #MedicareForAll
What is your opinion on allowing more mining and drilling on public lands?
Work for a single payer system #medicareforall
Poor Colorado...it has changed so  used to be an awesome place. Now too many sell outs screwing it.
I can not believe the hate they throw at you. Your a better man than I am, I'm more like Trump
Protect our PUBLIC lands! It is imperative.
Why aren't you talking about healthcare and the disabled people being roughed up in your office?
Maybe they wouldn't have to camp in your office if you'd actually meet with your constituents about healthcare.

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
@OIA then vote against the giant cheeto trump, and the rotten healthcare bill you helped create. You all should have this.
Protect us?  You need to have a serious talk with your party and impeach Trump.
How about protecting your constituents in wheelchairs. No instead you have them arrested!
Just got a late call from ADAPT. The protesters arrested @ Gardners office havent been released from jail yet. ADAPT seems genuinely alarmed
Hey, rural voters, this pig has created a bill to strip u of your newly gotten healthcare, Medicare medicaid veterans benefits & disability
Hey chickenshit-why no town halls if you're do proud of your deathcare bill? Do your rural voters know you're taking their benefits?
Look what you did in YOUR office instead of meeting with the people who pay YOUR SALARY. Shame on you.
0/10
Baby Killer!
I really hope you have a pose the Trump budget then
#ADAPTandRESIST public lands are not more important than human rights- what are your constituents priorities? #CRPD
I'll believe it when I see it. In the meantime pls vote against the horrendous senate health bill.
You need2 take #climatechange seriously #OIA will suffer greatly from warming and shorter snow seasons. #Pruitt asks Kochs what to think!
Unless of course the campaign donation is large enough. Then all sorts of options open up.
Please protect the ppl of CO by voting 'no' on BCRA. Here's a snippet from CBO report. We, the ppl, can read. Going w/o HC won't be a choice
How @ protecting our kids from your Presiden'ts vulgar tweets?

How about admitting that the science of human influence on global warming is very real? Do the right thing big chief!
How about supporting the carbon tax?
What about healthcare? You helped Mitch McConnell plot to destroy healthcare. You need to resign.
You need to get behind Kates law and sanctuary cities you should be sounding off about Denver too or be voted out
What are you doing.  Please name specifics.  To fight @realDonaldTrump dismantling of the EPA and environmental protections?
will you please denounce Trump for denigrating the dignity of the WH?  And engage bi-partisan to improve heathcare
Many Republicans will condemn this tweet in strong moral terms. 

Then they will spend rest of day trying end insurance for 22m Americans. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/880410114456465411 …
You see what your sexist President just tweeted Pathetic Gardner?
#corythecreep doing all he can to protect public lands by his 100% voting record in favor of his masters in mining and drilling industries.
Need to save the sailors AND the ship. NO AHCA, no defund  clean air H2O food air. USA needs U protect us, not donors
Part of protecting Colorado's beautiful public lands includes fighting #climatechage.
except no one wants to travel to #USA or #colorado when #agentOrange is #potus.  #travelBan #tourism #gop #environment #climate #hypocrisy
If they're that important, then you should be a champion for them. Time to step up
Then put your voting record where your mouth is.
Until the #OilAndGas lobby greases your palms enough right? #BeholdenToSpecialInterests #Out2020
Doublespeak!
This is infinitely less important than HC - how r u voting?
Do not vote for any iteration of BCRA! Biil needs to be scraped. Start from scratch on Bi-partisan basis. No tax breaks 4-1%  1/2
or any med companies! No gutting medicaid, no defunding Planned Parenthood.

Work for your CONSTITUENTS! Not your partisan interests 2/2
Protect CO land & its people. Vote NO on Healthcare & start showing that you mean to keep our state beautiful & healthy rather than opposite
Protect the land but not the people.  That's strange.  You are an odd person Cory. #Trumpcare
Stand Up & Protect Coloradans Healthcare Coverage. 

"VOTE NO TO REPEAL & REPLACING OBAMACARE!!!!!!!!"

"DO NO HARM TO AMERICANS!!!!!!!"
Your profile says Proudly serving Colorado in the  Senate & you tweet protecting public lands. How about protecting the ACA? Vote NO to R&R!
Great.  Please protect CO's environment by passing a senate bill to overrule Trump's exit from the Paris accord.
You are a Trumpster thru & thru Voting against the environment & healthcare It's Trump, Pence, Koch Brothers & Gardner #Resist
Senator, tell me you protect the economy and public lands when you acknowledge that global warming is real and do something about it.
Are Colorado's public lands under attack? Don't understand the point of this tweet.
After your stunt of locking constituents in your office with the heat up-you're not fit to represent a piss ant! If anybody been hurt-JAIL!
Coward Cory! Hold a townhall during your July 4th recess! Chicken?
The environment is important, but what are you going to do about that atrocious healthcare bill?
Protect all #PublicLands Senator. Sea to shinning Sea.
By supporting Pruitt? That's hilarious, you should quit and try stand up. Seriously, please quit your job.
Start with protecting your constituents health and access to health care. 80026
I applaud your defense of public lands but you need to be healthy to enjoy public lands @SenCoryGardner where do hou stand on Health care
2020
How about protecting our people?
Vote no on healthcare and you haven't voted for Colorado environment yet. We need to talk. How about a town hall?
What about protecting the humans in this state?
Don't act like you can take credit for this when you are 8/8 voting against environmental protections. Smoke & mirrors...SAD
Folks his words mean absolutely nothing! Look as his voting record on environmental/public lands issues. Hes a friend of oil gas & fracking
And how many of those are federal jobs that DOI is proposing to cut?
This is what we call doublespeak... By protecting, he means selling, and by public he means soon to be privatized...
Also, work with the Moderate Repubs and Dems to pass a healthcare bill that works. Moderate Repubs should be the leaders right now.
1 of 13 on Tcare behind closed doors and "UH - I don't know if I support" self preserving COWARD UR. Wind blows NE  tomorrow. Sure U B on it
Sir, by you not speaking out against trumpcare, you said volumes. I don't trust you anymore.
Your transparent hide will be cooked in the next election cycle. #corruptcory you lie like the liar in chief . #repealU
Plz Hold In Person #Townhalls in #Colorado Ur #Costituants feel  #Frustration is #Growing #NotGoingAway #BuckUp #Listen Ppl will respect U
Like supporting the EPA? Banning fracking? Cleaning up CO air pollution? Standing up to corporate interests? Supporting alternative energy?
No you're not. If this were true you'd be supporting the #CoContinentalDivide Wilderness and Recreation Act?
Your words are meaningless @SenCoryGardner. Action speaks and your voting record betrays you. Plz protect lands AND people of CO. #noBCRA
Nice;  now please start protecting the health care needs of your poor,  elderly, disabled, & middle-class constituents!  #CountryOverParty
Sure we believe you.
Is that what you talked about with the Koch brothers at the Broadmoor? Oh, and healthcare. Protect that, too.
Your words are meaningless when you have consistently voted with Trump and against Colorado's beautiful environment. #OutOfTouch
Read the room. Healthcare.
Glad to see you voice support for protecting public lands. turn these tweets into votes and action: #ArcticRefuge #StandWithBearsEars
@OIA Senator, at times I see you have a good head on your shoulders. Thanks for being on the side of the environment.
Be pretty empty if you pass that health care bill
How about protecting the lands AND the people of CO. Right now ur not doing either
Just because you tweet it does not make it true! Do your job, protect healthcare, the environment, education #NOTMAG #truthnottweets
How about protecting us by voting against #Trumpcare #SaveMedicaid
What exactly is your def. of protecting the environment?Because per mine, your voting record says you could care less. Also, answerthephone
why are u and Rs wanting to put millions off of healthcare and subject to early death for the sake of tax breaks for rich?
Why don't you try protecting and listening to your constituents...90º? You will not be reelected and hopefully you will also feel the burn.
Yes & plz protect #Constitution u swore to protect! NOT ILLEGALS or CRIMINALS! #ALAC #ACTForAmerica #AmericaFirst #VeteransBeforeRefugees
.@SenCoryGardner, it makes proud to be a Coloradan when I read all the responses to your tweets. Also makes me sad you're our Senator. 
Protect your constituents VOTE NO on trumpcare & HAVE A TOWN HALL in person this break!!! 
Protect Healthcare! Don't allow Senate Tax Bill 2 come 2 the floor for vote. Backroom deals that cut H/Care for kids&Boomers=career ending
That would be the least you could do given your position on healthcare.
Colorado - our rural communities - say NO to trumpcare.  #listentothepeople
Where's Cory
It would be a gross misrepresentation of your constituents and pathetic if you vote to approve trumpcare #justsayno
Will you continue to work on protecting healthcare for Coloradans? Vote against this bill!
Maybe focus more on letting us keep our health care.  This is foremost in Colorado minds. Hold a townhall we would love to tell you about it
cool story bro. When's the damn town hall.
Exactly.  Please challenge Zinke on the administration's efforts to sell off public lands as well as sell drilling leases. Both will hurt CO
& yet u voted for a bill to allow drilling on Nat Parks and Monuments, & intro a bill to diminish the role of BLM by moving HQ out of DC.
* Unless their is money for your pocket for going the other way. You are full of it. #Liar #POS #AgainstAmerica #SellOut
Where are you? There are people in your office wanting to talk to you. Do you represent the people? Don't hide. @SenCoryGardner #GrowAPair
Awesome, although we may not see eye to eye on a lot, this is huge! Thank you senator
And what about protecting your constituents healthcare?
You should also be protecting the LIVES of THOUSANDS of Coloradans from the nightmare that is #Trumpcare by voting NO! #OneTermWonder...
No you won't.  You'll sell us out to the highest bidder.  I can guarantee it.
TOWN HALL, when will you actually meet with your constituents instead of donors?
Who held your hand to vote on that?
Dr. Jekyll (Cory on twitter) LOVES the environment & public lands, Mr. Hyde (Senator Cory) votes for Scott Pruitt and environmental dereg
Protecting our public lands includes the waterways - please let Scott Pruitt know his move to remove water protections is wrong for America

He means he'll do what the Koch's tell him to do.
You might have to go against your own party, can you do that ? I hope you can.
Great, but will you protect women, POC, LGBTQ youth, the environment? Asking for us all.
How about protect the public - we want a NO VOTE on #trumpcare
Listen to your constituents instead of blindly following GOP
Why don't you pick up the phones at your offices and hear the peoples voices?
Stand for the Disabled/Elderly vote No on #HealthcareBill
Ya, so you will also protect #HealthcareBill after you took 150k from Big Pharma and Insurance? #StayClassy
Why can't we get a comment out of you on healthcare? Or a town hall? Brave Sir Cory ran away, bravery ran away away...
Tell us in person at a town hall.
#SaveMedicaid Listen to your disabled, heroic constituents instead of arresting them
Just also protect everything that loves there empty wilderness is no fun
Commendable, but please also protect our children from dying due to lack of healthcare. Dead children can't enjoy our public lands.
What's your stance on the EPA destroying protections on clean water? Support or oppose? Please answer clearly.
What about health care? Parks are great only if you're alive to enjoy them.
Will you protect your people by rejecting the BRCA and stand up for medicaid, the old and the sick?  We are 91% insured, let's keep it up!
Protect Obamacare.
Great, how about you start responding to your constituents and listening? Or...did you think we'd just applaud you?
You are 8/8 in terms of voting against Colorado's environment thus far this year #copolitics
.@SenCoryGardner
Hold a town hall.

All of your tweet mean less than  nothing until you hold a public town hall.
Vote NO on the newest version of the "healthcare" bill.
Please stop lying. Your voting record shows otherwise. You've already voted to deregulate clean air, H2O & wild animal protection acts.
Thx for your commitment 2 natural resources we COans treasure. Pls commit 2 protect our other treasured resource: CO Kids. Vote no on #BCRA
Please. Stop. Your actions belie those words. #unpaid. 80210.
So you're tweeting platitudes vs listening to or facing your constituents? Then resign and go be the Koch bros butler.
Put your VOTE where your mouth is.
And the so-called Healthcare bill?  What's your position on that?!  I hope it's NO!!!
Also, you voted for climate denying Pruitt at EPA, so just stop with the disingenuous environmental pandering. We are not stupid, Senator.
voting to confirm @ScottPruittOK indicates that the this tweet is blatantly untrue. Please also consider accepting scientific evidence.
Let's not forget about protecting Colorado citizen's health insurance too.
Every day that you somehow refuse to address the contemptible wealthcare bill is another day when we know you do not care about us.
How bout healthcare? How bout russia? Your last term!!!!!!
Did you mean to say 'protecting our healthcare benefits society and benefits Coloradoans. I'll continue to do all that I can to screw them'?
But not the air, right? You love to emit methane
That's nice, Cory dear. Where's the town hall schedule? Or will you be hiding out? You need to protect your constituents. NO on Trumpcare!
your platitudes don't match trump's budget proposal, can I put you down as a no vote?
Thanks for being a champion of our public spaces.  Now, if you can only figure out how to be a champion for our people and their health.
But will you do all you can to protect the voters of Colorado from Trumpcare? #VoteNo
vote no on health bill also please! 80304
No you won't. You support private access to public lands for profit. You can't continually lie and not be called on it Cory.
Shut up & show up.
Please vote No on the Healthcare Bill, also.
Clearly you mean the land. Supporting Trumpcare proves you don't care about people. Cheers to tax cuts for the wealthy!
@SenCoryGardner Avg under Trumpcare in ea county in US, 4885 lose healthcare, 489 have diabetes, 1895 will have cancer, 693 depression.
Protecting the health of your constituents is also good for our economy.  Will you protect Medicaid expansion now and in the future?
Protecting our HEALTH CARE & INSURANCE COMES FIRST!! We can't enjoy CRAP if we're DEAD!! COME TALK TO US!!
VOTE NO on the heath care bill...Colorado deserves better and YOU know it....you represent US...your constituents.
Vote NO on healthcare.  Bad for your constituents.  Do what is right for them!
Sure you will.
You just don't get it do ya? Or you get it and refuse to respond to your constituents. My guess? You simply don't care. #copolitics
I am struck by "all that I can"...seems a little passive.  Almost as if he is looking to see who can hold his $
In addition to protecting land, could you protecting human beings that need medical attention?
Eh he doesn't even actually protect land
