filling the swamp.
I do not support Mr. Tillerson's appointment. How can we trust he will put citizen's needs ahead of oil corporations???
disappointing. Party over country. Called your district office,  very rude. Not supporting Colorado
shame.
, Pls vote vs. DeVos, Sessions & Rick Perry tomorrow. Not  suitable.
.@SenCoryGardner Shame on you for overlooking glaring conflicts of interest.
Russia is dangerous to our democracy. RexT-judge him on his behavior; his words mean nothing. Until DT taxes #noTllerson
You know Russia needs sanctions lifted, NATO squashed and oil prices up, are you just going to give it all to Putin?
Wrong. China already warned of full scale war if Tillerson cuts access to the South China Sea. He's corrupt & unqualified.
actions over words.  We can't trust you when you claim to fight Russian cyber attacks but then vote for a Russian ally.
I'll be pleased to never cast my vote for you again. You are not looking out for our best interest
I'm a veteran, Senator. I will be supporting your opposition next election for your betrayal of America to Russia for profit
Denver constituent here: why is phone in Denver office OFF, redirecting to DC office—where voicemail isn't working??
Took 45mins but reached staff in @SenCoryGardner office—to voice Coloradans' opposition to #Sessions nom.
Keep calling! #Persist #Resist
If you believed that "tough on Russia" shit, you are as gullible as they come
Not gullible, crooked. If you think every single person who voted yay won't be compensated by Exxon, you're naive @SenCoryGardner
He won't even respond. @SenBennetCO continues to engage but Cory has run for cover
your voicemail in your D.C. Office is full Senator; how else should I voice my opinion?
We'll have to remind him come re-election time
I'm going to work hard to make sure he's unemployed. He is not doing his job.
I will be tracking and reporting your contradictory actions.
.@SenCoryGardner No. Just no. Stop representing your interests and FOR ONCE represent what the people who voted you in want! Jesus man. Stop
I'm really disappointed to hear this from you, and that you haven't addressed his corporate ties or climate denialism.
He's not addressing anything these days. He's hiding out & not doing his job.
#GOP Sen Collins & Murkowski put Country over Party w/ Edu 
I hope @SenCoryGardner does same:
No-Scott Pruitt for EPA 
No-Tom Price for HHS
Tillerson is in Russia's pockets and you know that. You should NOT support him. We Colorado residents will remember this.
Mr. Tillerson's lack of experience & rehearsed answers do not make him a qualified SOS. Very concerning.
Are you kidding?!  Trump put him there so they can befriend Russia.  Money in their pockets. You are not representing Colorado.  So sad.
Tech & environmental industry in #copolitics want #renewables. Hope you are listening
why would he be tough on Russia despite his current and previous ties to Exxon? Vote NO.
Except that he's friends with Putin & even received an award from him. Not everyone in CO is stupid.
Regardless of his ethical and financial issues, because I believe in Party over Country
I am flabbergasted and ashamed that you voted yes for Tillerson.
that is shameful. Grow a backbone and stand up to your party. Tillerson is an ally of Russia and climate change denier.
What are you thinking!? Another Putin Puppet? So so disappointed #indivisible Country before party, dude
Do you have any reservations?!?
You have chosen to ignore his obvious conflict of interest & the interest of your state economics. Selling Coloradans out.
you just approved more involvement with Russia, why aren't you listening to to the people of Colorado..we elected you!!!
His buddy-buddy relationship with Putin doesn't bother you??
horrible choice
Deeply disappointed in your vote for Tillerson, a nominee who has spent decades questioning the validity of climate science.
not surprised you support Tillerson he is exactly what I would expect to find at the bottom of a drained swamp!
Yeah, sure he will. You probably also believed Trump when he said he would release his tax returns.
very disappointed in your vote on Rex Tillerson .
~ How about letting your constituents into your #Denver office 2 speak to your office staff about issues important 2 them?
Are you working for Donald Trump or are you working for COLORADANS???? Trump isn't going to re-elect you... #wethepoeple
I am extremely dissatisfied with your assessment of Tillerman 's competence and character.
so predictable. You're Big Oil's puppet. They own you
You have ignored your constituents. Rex Tillerson has obvious corporate interests and foreign entanglements. We'll remember.
I urge you to consider the severe conflicts of interest that Rex Tillerson has with regard to Russian sanctions and Exxon.
Supporting a climate change denier w/ Russian oil/gas industry ties who supports deregulation is bad 4 CO. Stand up 4 us, your constituents!
As a constituent, I'm very disappointed that you're continuing to roll over for this administration's lies.
you keep losing my vote over and over and over again
More BS. You know that Trump is not qualified to be Pres but you continue to push his agenda. Bankruptcy 4X & Putin 
Disgraceful vote Now big oil drives foreign policy & sucks up to dictators like Putin; damaging to USA. Shame on you
very dissapointed in your support of Puins puppet tillerson. Prepare to lose your senate seat
re: Tillerson - I'm a disappointed constituent.
did  you mean to say you were pleased to accept $23k in donations from the ExxonMobile PAC? Or did u forget that?
I do not support this decision, nor it's rationale. #YourConstituent
disappointed in my senator.
Secrets to getting re-elected 101: 1) work for your constituents, not against them. (You are failing your assignments. Sad!)
comrade Tillerson, way to go Cory
history has it's eyes on you. You will be DEFEATED
this is disappointing but not unexpected from you. You consistently act contrary to the values of CO & we, your constituents
do your job, senator. Listen to your constituents. Thousands of us aren't being acknowledged.
will you speak out in criticism of Tillerson if he is not critical of Russia @IndivisibleLoCo @indivisibleden @WSIndivisible
We will see.  Given Tillerson's history with Russia.  I have serious doubts.  And we will blame YOU!
I don't believe this is what the majority of your constituents want. It's called REPRESENTATIONAL government for a reason.
embarrassing
Wow. Over 100,000 of your constituents feel differently. Such a poor decision. You'll pay for this in the next election.
I'll be watching to make sure #Tillerson holds to these statements and you hold him to them. #EyesWideOpen
Not an acceptable response.
just goes to show what a party liner you are! Sad, but then I didn't vote for you!
very disappointing
Could you please directly respond to any of your constituents. You work for us. It is time to find your replacement.
http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2017/01/10/exxonmobil-gave-big-to-senate-panel-in-charge-of-rex-tillerson-s-confirmation.html …
How can you believe that he'll be "tough"? Here he is in 2012 receiving a medal from the guy who interfered in US elections.
Tillersonhas no diplomatic or political experience He refuses to denounce human rights violations VOTE NO!!!
You may be pleased but a lot of your constituents are not.
as an Independent and former Republican in your district, I am disappointed in your party line support of dangerous nominees
why are you not worried about his Russian ties why do you support a climate change denier? We want answers #Watchyourrepsco
I expected this Senator http://Gardner.You  don't care about your constituents it's  about big oil, and your own pockets
Tillerson will be tough on Russia? #alternativefacts
I am a constituent of Colorado and disagree with this decision. You will not have my vote in re-election.
Very disappointing. His support for our allies? He shows strong support for Russia who just interfered in our election.
I will not forget how you voted today. Shameful.
this is an abomination. You've failed the people of CO and the US.
As one of your constituents, i am deeply disappointed to hear this.  I was expecting you to show better judgement than this.
spineless politicians, like you got us in this message Cory! Stand up for us!
Am sure you voted in good faith, but he was chosen by a Russian-compromised pathological liar. I do not trust him #Tillerson
.@SenCoryGardner Is there anyone you won't vote for?
For enough money, he'd vote for satan himself. Oh wait, that already happened.
for the future of our children, save what is left of your integrity and vote no on DeVos.
great let Exxon run the state department, unbelievable!
Colorado Wil remember that you too choose to ignore your constituents
I cannot support you on this. What has transpired the last few days in DC is despicable. Stay above it and rep CO. No Trump.
His complicity in climate change denial propaganda & officially commemorated friendship say nyet so much.
you did not mention Ukraine or Russia in your statement? Why?
So can we assume his ties w/ Russia will be investigated by the senate along w/ Trump's contacts & tax returns?
Bolshoe spasibo Comrade Gardner!!
Thank you Senator!!!
Turmoil is in the term OIL
Tillerson? But as a Coloradan, it has to be NO on Price for #EPA. If Planet is ruined, the 'politic climate' won't matter.
@SenBennetCO 
No on Scott Pruitt for EPA
No on Tom Price for HHS
bs exxon.erable putin for Rosneft cut ...
Tillerson's friendship with Putin and indifference to Putin's authoritarian actions are worrisome. Vote no.
you'd better hope this works out or bye
way to use that rubber stamp (again)!
Colorado constituents have a long memory. You will be held accountable for your votes.
Total BS. I'll remember this when you are up for a vote.
Stunningly poor choice. RT lacks the moral compass to lead on human rights including LGBTQ.  +Fingers in the cookiejar.
another readon to vote you out 2020. Your support of this American Oligarch is unacceptable.
As a resident of Co. I would like you to know I am against this decision. By choosing to ignore the facts you look greedy.
I find mr tillerson to be dishonest and only concerned with oil. Our children will live to hate you senator Gardner.
your continued service as a senator depends upon continued sanctions on Russia if he doesn't we are to vote you out
Stand up for the people of Colorado, and the people of the United States! Party and lobbyists are all you care about.
No. His own career is all he cares about.
That too, but there's only so many characters allowed on twitter.
Can you share your vision for where you want CO and US to be in the next 4 years (2nd request)???
I'm sad you voted for a "Friend of Russia" to be SOS. Putin should be happy
This is incredibly disappointing and short-sighted. My husband and I are moving to CO in a few weeks. We expect better.
1st sign of impropriety or corruption I will hold you, my Senator, personally responsible #November2020
here u go. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2017/01/10/exxonmobil-gave-big-to-senate-panel-in-charge-of-rex-tillerson-s-confirmation.html …
I listened to the hearings: unprepared & not knowledgeable about key issues! Not a diplomat. Another #RussianPuppet not 4 CO
Yes, because politicians have great records of saying what they really mean & doing what they really said. No repercussions when they don't.
add this to the list of party over the Republic, you're a true profile in courage senator.
TEA PARTY TRAITOR , IT'S ALWAYS ABOUT THE MONEY WITH YOU CORY , SUCK UP THAT OIL MONEY CREEP .
Can you please explain how he is going to be tough on the country that gave him the order of friendship award??
could you try to think about our country instead of how you can pad your pocket and get re-elected?
very disappointing.
Cory I'm still trying to get trust back in you for the stunt you pulled with Cruz & devastating tweets against Trump
I am a constituent from Colorado and I am not pleased Senator Gardner.
is there a date picked for the full Senate vote yet?
