Whatever Cory. Your actions speak louder than words.
Cory has no actions.
I hope you're voting to support the EPA and to maintain national parks & monuments
Before you and your Republican cronies sell them off to the fossil fuel industry.
And yet your buddy trump wants to sell them to your donors.
I hope you read the responses to your tweets. You are OUR representative and not only are not representing us, u r ignoring us. #yourefired
Trumpcare bill will be sent back to Repubs by CBO. Suggest you fix the ACA so that all Americans have quality, affordable health care.
Bro. You enthusiastically voted for Scott Freaking Pruitt to lead the EPA. THE EPA! No way in hell you get reelected. #wrongsideofhistory
you are doing everything to DESTROY public lands by supporting Trump and GOP to kill the EPA. hypocrite. #resist
Jesus Christ Cory, this trolling isnt funny (quit getting comedy advice from Huckabee). You are a partisan sell-out hack. Rep CO or #resign.
Please protect & respect our National Parks & Monuments. They are our nation's very best places & they ALL deserve our protection.
Translation, enjoy until my buddies from oil and gas, get there!
Glad you posted that. Get behind the Carbon Tax plan if you're sincere.
This doesn't fool your constituents (or as you'd call them-- "paid protesters").
We should enjoy it while we can since your voting record continues to sell Colorado out.Clearly you have your next job lined up.
We also cherish our healthcare.  Will you protect it?
@realdonaldtrump We won't be able to cherish our public lands if you allow Trump to destroy. Get your priorities in order #climatechange
Thanks Cory! #publiclandsinpublichands includes National Monuments in Utah and Four Corners: Bears Ears & Grand Staircase-Escalante 
This rings so hollow it's giving me a headache
which won't b around 4 ur children & their children because you have no integrity. Enjoy ur single term. #embarrassment
I just hope we keep them free of drilling!
R U going to protect our lands? The rest of your buddies want to sell to the highest bidder!  How about protecting all land from fracking?
Applaud your enthusiasm!  Please don't let your pal Donald sell them or give them to polluters!
Please take a stand and challenge EPA for removing all reference to climate change from their website. Don't be a coward.
Then FIGHT for them!!! Protect them from Pruitt, Zinke & the oil & gas industry who want to destroy them for greed! You're on the wrong side
Then don't allow fracking in our state. And then you back your contrbutors, energy companies. Protect Colorado or be voted out.
Please work to keep our public lands public, protected and pollution free.
These lands remain amazing by actions not words. Prove you support CO public lands and monuments with your vote.
Can't say what's worse - you pretending you give a shit about our state (except the awlbidness), or ignoring the treason all around you.
Hypocrisy, thy name is Republican.
Until you and Trump sell them to the highest bidder, that is.
You mean do it quickly before you  destroy them by handing them over to your special interest owners to exploit and destroy ? Shame on you !
Flush. You @SenCoryGardner are a hypocrite.
Do not allow the repeal of any National Monuments! Put up or shut up! Where do you stand? We deserve to know.
Where's Cory?
Hey... you're the worst.
Trashing the environment including fracking Colorado into oblivion seems the GOP way.
People who cherish our public lands don't vote for Pruitt to lead the EPA. And they don't vote to repeal methane rules either.  Hypocrite!
Actions speak louder than words. Show us that you are more than a GOP toady
And moving BLM HQ to the field dimenishes its importance and wastes Federal monies.  Deconstructing the land agencies is bad policy.
Too bad with dismantling the EPA we won't get to enjoy them much longer. #protectearth #wedemandcleanair #wedemandcleanwater
...before, I, Corey Gardner, sell it all to oil and gas companies - and maybe some of those "pretend you're hunting" set-ups
Why do you vote against them then, hypocrite?
Yeah go out and use them before you take them away and give them to oil and gas. Hypocrite.
Shame on you and your hypocritical statements. You're a Trump puppet
Your actions speak louder than your words.
You voted to confirm a climate change denier. 'Nuff said. 2020
I really miss Udall.
Keep them safe
If only we didn't have a Senator who supports a climate change denier in the White House and voted for Scott Pruitt to lead the EPA. ..
If only we didn't have a Senator who supports a climate change denier in the White House and voted for Scott Pruitt for EPA...

Enjoy it before your POTUS sells it off or drills on it. Where do you stand on this issue @SenCoryGardner? #sarcasm
Start voting for public lands Senator and not for Big Oil!
Seriously? How does your cognitive dissonance not paralyze you? You can't support public lands and vote for them to be pillaged by oil comp
To celebrate are you having a 50% off sale for the mining and natural gas companies?!
Enjoy them while you can, cause me and my gop buddies plan to sell them off to mining and oil companies.
Until your buddy Pruitt destroys them... You must really think we're stupid.
yeah until @realDonaldTrump sells off all our land for profit!
.… says the person who voted to confirm Scott Pruitt to the EPA and to repeal the methane rule. 
Sen., we are watching your anti-CO votes and we are not happy. This tweet does not fool anyone regarding where your loyalties lie.
Yes, we better enjoy the Colorado outdoors before you hand them over to your donors for their profit.
Say whatever you think we want to hear, vote the way you're told by your handlers. We are not fooled. No National Monuments rollbacks.
I sure hope our bad senator stops voting to imperil our public lands, we do cherish them more than corrupt politicians.
2020
Says the guy owned by big oil and gas.
