you constituents do not agree. You represent us; I guess hindsight is #vote2020
Hi, Amanda! I'm a pharmacist planning to run against Sen Gardner in 2020. Follow and know when I announce!
what is facet of pharmacy are you in? I work in clinical trials
Critical Care
not impressed by him or your support. On to Price, insider trading issues and other problems, like end health care #noPrice
Hi, Marilyn! I'm a pharmacist planning to run against Sen Gardner in '20 on a platform of science, health, and ed.
it's a long 4 years. I look fwd to hearing more. Registered Democrat or Republican? Assuming you'll have a social media reach
Democrat and yes, once this actually starts to snowball more. That's why I'm starting now.
I'll look forward to your investigation into this endeavor, best of luck
You are the worst-a robot for the GOP. You don't care what your constituents are telling you. #HeyNext #ShePersisted
Hi! I'm a pharmacist planning a run against Sen Gardner in '20 on a platform of science, health (incl women's rights) & ed
I don't know much about you, but at this point anyone is better than @SenCoryGardner.
Web site still under construction (in bio) but FB has statements on several issues.
No, Senator, you're trying to climb the GOP ladder to be a big shot. We in CO are watching you and are not happy.
I'm happy.
More of us not happy. Watch 2020!
so you think. Hopefully you are wrong.
I love Egg avatars. So unique.
bye bye Cory. You did not listen to your fellow Coloradans.
Now I know you like racists.
, you're not my senator. #values
coward
J Sessions also has impressive RACIST record. Read
CS King letter. birds of feather flock together
Co schools: 0 tolerance for bullies. If Cory is bullied by McConnel, Trump, he should say "see something say something"
I'll bet you are proud of your racist friends. Thank God there are judges who believe in the rule of law.
as a CO constituent I am appalled at the way you are supporting these unqualified, racist nominees. Listen to your people!
Today I provided my family in CO your contact info. You & your Republican President are not in alignment w/ Colorado values.
yes he is.
what are you doing, man?!
bipartisan?  Long as you're white I guess
why are republicans accepting a president that does not respect the Constitution of The United States?
.@SenCoryGardner I will remember your DeVos, Tillerson, and Sessions votes in 2020. You are bought and sold, without a moral compass.
voting you out
we all see you and who you really are. You just voted in someone who was deemed too racist to be a judge. And you are proud.
My dog would make a better Senator than @SenCoryGardner .  At least she listens when people talk to her.  #resist #indivisblefrr
Not from CO but I hope you get destroyed in 2020 by an actual progressive.
I'm proud to say you've shown us exactly who you are Senator.Thank you.We have this quote on record.What a present.
What 'strong record of bipartisanship'?! #alternativefacts #doyourjob #COvotedBlue
Do you realize he's a racist, detrimental to success we've achieved in equality? Way to drop the ball. #drainCOswamp
Cory also enjoys long walks on the beach,selling his soul to the highest bidder,and generic responses to constituents
you are proud to support Sessions? I'm proud to vote you out 2018 
Sen Gardner isn't up for election until 2020 but I'm already starting my campaign against him. Please read what I'm about!
yeah, I just noticed that... wishful thinking I suppose  I will check out your campaign!
Sessions lied to you
Great job, skippy.  Step in line with the old guard.  Less mousse please.  It makes you look like you are stuck in the 80's
We have also witnessed his racism.
Your constituents don't want these Swamp Monsters. Sessions racist record speaks for itself and now your record speaks, too.
I'm confident in the need to vote you out of office. #draintheswamp
.@SenCoryGardner Lousy vote. When you know his racist record.
Cory, this is proof that you are too conservative for our blue state.
all states are red with small patches of blue.
proud to support a white supremacist? SMH Also, thanks for ignoring all our calls. We'll remember this.
we will not forget. We will not go away. Shame on you for voting to silence Sen. Warren.
proud of him! Not everyone agrees with this hissy fight the left is having.
What @SenCoryGardner said on Sessions nomination… #sessions #copolitics #leaks
I’ve worked w/ Jeff Sessions in the Senate & witnessed firsthand his strong record of bipartisanship. Proud to support him for AG today. 
Do you mean bipartisan in terms of working with both the GOP and the KKK?
he worked well with you because you walk white.
shame on you, elections are coming
when's your next town hall, CG?
I'll make the trip from Colorado Springs.  #notpaidprotestor
we insist that includes investigation and action re administration's illegal and compromising ties. Including Trump & Flynn
The widow King witnessed it first hand, too.
again, way to take Party line over the people. Can we remove you before 2020? You clearly ignore constituents for money.
he's scum! What does that make you?
awful and cowardly vote. Demonstrates you to be more partisan ideologue than a true Senator of a state that rejected Trump
when will you be back in CO to host a town hall?
that would take courage, Cory has demonstrated he has none when it comes to facing constituents who disagree
Anyone but Gardner 2020.
I'm a pharmacist planning a run against Sen Gardner in '20. Better than "anyone" I have a platform. Follow me for more info!
Your [white] pride = Your constituents' rage #WeWontForget #GardnerOut2020
I almost felt bad I couldn't find 1  positive tweet at you, then remembered you don't give a crap about your constituents.
you just voted for an avowed racist and civil rights opponent for AG. You are reprehensible and will be held to account.
that is an irresponsible comment. Sen Sessions convicted a racist. Do some research!
you aren't a student of history I see. Such is the world we live in.
Mr. Gardner, you are NOT listening to Colorado!  You really should start looking into moving companies.  Colorado is done.
you are a blight on the state of Colorado.  I cant wait for you to be voted out
You will be held responsible when this goes poorly.  Thank you for demonstrating your true colors. #VoteOutGardner2018
if by "impressive legal career" you mean REPRESSIVE.
Implying that we are "paid agitators" is infuriating to your constituents. We are constituents acting on our own volition.
We Coloradans are not happy with your support of Sessions.
so you trust someone who helped to restrict black people from voting, and who has been known to say racist things.
so you support the KKK as long their members don't smoke pot?
You should be ashamed to support Jeff Sessions!!!! I will be voting in 2020!!!!
I'm going to be proud to support your opponent.
when was it you decided to put job and party above country?
You will not get my support, wrong move to ignore your constituents
I called your office yesterday. Where do I go to get my paycheck?
you support bigotry and white supremacy
As an African american & Denver native I'm very disappointed in your vote. This & DeVos confirms you need to be out in 2020!
pleased to work with Jeff Sessions?!?! Please start listening to your constituents.  2020 can't come fast enough.
Very sad to hear of your support for Jeff Sessions for AG.  I am concerned about voting rights, women's rights, civil rights
Really? Really Senator Gardner? A man that was TOO racist for the 1970's is fit to be the AG? Enjoy your last 4 years...
His record of bipartisanship is not a qualifier for AG. His record on injustice is a disqualifier AG. @richardperryjr
you really stand behind this man who was too racist to be appointed in '86 but now will serve all Americans? You're done.
Oh Corrryyyy......  Where aaarrree you?? Haven't seen you since you ducked out of the meeting.....
Your support of Jeff Sessikns will now be forgotten.
You're a disgrace to this beautiful state.
Cory, you've lost us.  No sense trying to justify your decision after the fact.  Time to regain our trust. DO YOUR JOB!
you're a fraud!
you should be ashamed. So tired of having you as my senator. Start listening to your constituents. I'm not a paid protester.
your constituents are ashamed of your choice. Sessions is racist and will be weak against trump. #Neverthelessshepersisted
Mr. Gardner, I can't believe you are proud of this. He's a racist, it makes me think you are one now. I hate this!
oh yes, I forgot, 81321, Cortez Colorado, you know why I had to type that.
please understand that his history opposing LGBTQ rights, voter access, and women's rights overshadows his bipartisanship.
no one has given you an update on the demographics change in our state yet, have they senator?
glad that you've worked with Sessions.  What are your thoughts about his civil rights record? His disdain for voter rights?
A racist in the AG position.  Dr King would be appalled. #StopPresidentBannon
you might try bipartisanship and vote against these unqualified nominees
You should not be proud of much, Senator Gardner. You are NOT representing best interests of your constituents.
first devos and now sessions. You disgust me.
Sessions is a white supremacist. You are showing voters how closely you align with Trump, we won't forget.
Sessions is a liar. Has changed his views to keep his seat. You know it.
Sessions didn't call Trump a buffoon like you did.
#sessions is a bigot
And I'm proud to vote you out in #2020 #GardnerOut2020
who are you representing? Your constitutes are who you work for. Bye bye in 2018.
VOTE NO ON CORY GARDNER 2020
Are you proud to support Sessions because you support his racism?
Shame on you, Senator. You've ignored the constituents of Colorado. Sessions is a tiger that won't ever change his stripes.
jeff sessions is a horrifying racist and i'm voting you out of office as soon as i can
U  hypocritical GOP backbenching fascist. Take that smile & shove it up your fossil fuel portfolio. GOP Idea Man, my aXX
I've followed Sessions from days of yore BECAUSE he was suspect as fair-minded. Now he's AG and you helped. I will remember.
You are a #TrumpPuppet
.@SenCoryGardner As your Constituent, I am appalled that you would endorse someone with a documented history of racism/civil rights abuse
have u worked w/ De Vos to witness her vast knowledge of the ed system and commitment to public education?
Shame on you @SenCoryGardner 4 supporting Sessions over Coretta Scott King & voting to silence @SenWarren #ShePersisted #OneTermGardner
.@SenCoryGardner - Could you have our AG look into @KellyannePolls + @POTUS promoting brand of @POTUS's daughter? Pretty sure it's illegal.
we in colorado will not forget the radical hatred you put in AG of US. We will not forget.
I'm sorry you are putting your party over the people of Colorado. Sad.
I'll be proud when you're out of office. There is a petition circulating calling for the resignation of the #senatorforsale
A person who supports a racist is himself racist, whether you know it or not. You put party before your constituents. Shame!
Sessions voting record shows bias & prejudicial against voting & who civil rights. concern is how you vote on his agenda.
Let's pray #AGSessions starts with @POTUS breaking several laws.
You might be proud of him... which makes me not proud of you.  Ashamed to have you as my senator.  You stand with a racist.
Did you listen to your constituents on deciding to vote for Sessions?
another bad choice
this is why you will lose your seat soon.
I'm so ashamed that you're my #senator.  I'm going to get all my friends together to #vote you out of office. #resist #bye
"Proud to support him for AG today" = Ignoring CO constituents for personal gain - When will you vote for CO interests?
Horrible, Horrible vote. We will remember this in 2020. Bye-bye to you! Good Riddance!!
1338 folks have liked Bennett's tweet w/ remarks on voting no on Sessions. 94 like this post. Start your job search, Cory.
Again, voting against the best interests of Colorado. You work for us and Sessions is a racist.
vote No on Cory Gardner 2020
Are you really ok with him saying "The separation of church and state is unconstitutional"? The founding fathers disagree!!!
booo
He is a racist and has no place in America's Gov. I like the phrase "one term senator"? Lockstep with a lunatic. CO. 81233
No to Sessions. Period.
are you for real?  Cory you are so extreme.
enjoy your last term.
You've sold out Colorado and your soul, and for what? They can't save your seat. You proud of hurting people??
another disgusting display of total disregard for your constituents, not to mention civil rights. #imnotpaid #shepersisted
Standing with Trump Republican Administration.
Senator, Sessions was a bad choice for Colorado but apparently an easy choice for you to play up to the President.
birds of a feather...2020 you're out.
Senator Gardner- you're losing votes.  You may want to start listening to your constituents.
so you proudly support a racist? Is that because you are also a racist? Or did someone buy your vote like Betsy DeVos did?
this cost you your seat.  Your state didn't want trump and doesn't want someone who won't stand up to him.  Buhbye
you never listen to Coloradans - we don't want Sessions, we didn't want DeVos, we don't want YOU anymore either
Great another sexist racist homophobe #notCoolCory
#notCoolCory Are you going to answer your phones today?
shame on you.
Single-term Cory with a statement from a paid statement writer #indivisiblecolorado #HearUsCory
What record are you looking at ???
you phone does not appear to be working.  Do you need some phone help?
your constituents are watching as you confirm one bad cabinet member after another.
Looks like it's going to be an uphill reelection campaign. SHOW us you represent our interests. We won't stop calling. 80212
perhaps you could work on bipartisanship; as in, listen to your constituents and not always blindly vote party lines.
Unfortunately, the role of AG isn't about bipartisanship. It's about protecting rights and upholding the law.
proud to be backing KKK. Go to Russia, traitor.
We will remember.
why weren't you complaining about delay when repubs would not even hold vote for garland.  Speak out of both sides of mouth
So, yes to DeVos, yes to Sessions, and yes to silencing a female Senator. Women are watching and we will remember.
is incompetent nominees -devos; racist-sessions; unethical profiting from position-price. If nominated by dems you would obj
you and @GOP willfully and with pride helped put a racist who does not support equal voting rights into a power position
your seat will be up soon enough. In the meantime, get used to us being vocal opponents, resisting at every turn
terrible performance onCNN today. Why can't repubs stand up to trump? Afraid of tweets?? Sad!! Delay in vote of cabinet ...
black voters matter!!!
Because he's polite you turn a blind eye to his rephrensible actions against Americans of color? Disappointed
Trump is not going to be tough on Russia..but GOP controlled leg. branch will let that slide too
Even more scary His voting record is a clear attack on women & minority's rights His opinions are 45 years behind the times
Watching you on CNN do what every other Rep does. Not take ownership, not speak bad about Trump, & whine about the Dems.
Take a look around you Gardner, you have a fascist president and a cabinet set to destroy everything good about this nation.
If you can't get tough on this president that's laying waste to our democracy, we don't need you.  Grow a pair Gardner.
I'm sorry. Obstruction = republican shut down of the government. State the facts!
If Trump had nom ethical, honest, competent people it wouldn't take this long to confirm. You obstructed 8 yrs!!! Hypocrit!
You need to step in and get your leader to a doctor he is showing signs of mental illness. Before it's too late...for us all
Good Luck with that and him
which is one reason i did not vote for you
Cory Gardner is truly a world class sociopath. I can't believe the wonderful people of Colorado voted this guy in.
you will he gone in 2020 and all of Colorado will rejoice. We're counting down the days
Are you crazy? Please use that tax-payer funded health insurance of yours to see a mental health specialist, I insist.
I am a legal Co resident.  Election's count 2020 coming soon.  Bye bye.
I am an #unpaid protestor and don't appreciate you thinking my voice or vote is bought just because you are, Republikkkan!
coward.
.@SenCoryGardner Every single day you "work" you make mistake after magnificently disastrous mistake. How many blowjobs did you promise him?
you refuse to listen to your constituents, it's time we start thinking about another senator to represent us in Washington.
We are counting the days until we vote you out of office. You do not represent me. 80211 #NoDAPL #nobanwall
so sad that you support this embarrassment to our country's legal traditions...we will not forget
