Where's the story about how it's ok Betsy DeVos will destroy all schools because she gave you 50K?
that's great.Why vote yes on DeVos? Too little too late.All Colorado schools need funding, you voted against us
So you voted for DeVos, who wants to reduce funding to public schools. LIAR!
.@SenCoryGardner @KiowaPress about 14% of your constituents live in rural communities. The other 86% want a town hall. #whereiscory
we rural people want his goofy ass to do a town hall also The guy is a turd & we'd like to tell him
School choice should work out great for people with 1 school in a 60-mile radius. Colorado First? #schoolchoice
Thought GOP wanted LESS federal interference in local schools.
DeVos = you have no clue on education
now you care about education?  Where were you on DeVoss vote?
is interest in rural schools related to white nationalist agenda you support? More $ for rural whites, less for urban POC?
I'm sure Betsy will be a big supporter of your public schools
You could have started with not voting for Betsy DeVos.
and yet you voted for DeVos who is anti-public education #Hypocrite #SellOut #48000Reasons #BoughtAndPaidFor
Do you have info for a town hall?
Says the guy who just voted to confirm @BetsyDeVosED. #smh #wherescory
not showing up at a town home & you are home on vacation still be paid and have lifetime health insurance.
was it by voting for Betsy? She loves rural schools and funding them. 
of course you'll need funding once DeVos gets her way. Thanks Cory.
Where is your town hall? What are you afraid of?
You work for US...not the GOP or Trump. Grow a pair and do your job!!
Why won't you hold town hall meetings in person? Look into the eyes of those you work for and listen to their real issues!!
Town Hall meetings and face the music or face looking for a job next election!
Also where's the story about not having a town hall during recess?  @KiowaPress perhaps you can do ur job?
like many others have said, your vote for DeVos makes this letter seem like an empty gesture.
How then do reconcile your vote for DeVos?  I do connect the dots,  and you voted against public schools.
Public schools in cities suck. Most of the time you're trying to stay alive and get home safely
your vote for @BetsyDeVos shows your real intentions to gut public education, you aren't fooling anyone
Do you intend to vote to kill the Dept of Ed in 2018? How about the EPA? How about a dialogue?
should have thought about that BEFORE you confirmed the unqualified DeVos
Devos wants to remove funding from rural schools with vouchers and you voted for her.
Maybe you shouldn't have voted for DeVos.
how could you even consider voting for DeVos then? Was her 50k that important to you?
you voted to admit Betsy DeVos- a true champion or rural education.
laughable. We pay attention, we know who you voted for and why, and this will not make us forget.
Now maybe put effort into a Denver Town Hall.
ICYMI: #WhereIsCory
PS - We want DT's tax returns and investigation into ties with Russia! #treason
You cannot simultaneously claim to support education and DeVos. You were blinded by the money she gave you.
We'd rather have actions then efforts. Your feet should ache from the steps you take forward for CO.
say you're for funding public education, but actions speak otherwise (ex. DeVos). You're gambling w/ our future
When are you holding a town hall? You need to engage with your constituents. #WheresCory
"Encourage"??  How about getting it done. #corygardnerismissing.
I would be more impressed if you couldn't be bought for $49.8k
yeah that 50k could help a lot of teachers instead of buying you another ugly suit.
By not voting for Devos! Ohhh wait, that time has passed. Don't worry buddy, we know where you stand.
#CowardCoryHidesAgain
that's great! Now it's time for you to address your constituents and our concerns
Knock knock? .... Hey Senator - your constituents want to talk with you... Are you there? Hello?
town hall please
I appreciate ur trying to fix the DeVos vote but my urban D11 kid suffers if her programs come to CO u betrayed ur voters
but while you're here maybe you can explain to us why you voted for Pruitt for EPA?  That should be a good one!
enjoyed seeing you in Fort Morgan last night
How does your support for rural schools square with your support for Betsy DeVos?
you voted for DeVos, though...?
you voted for DeVos! Seriously? Now you are worried about schools?
Perhaps you shouldn't have voted for Betsy DeVos then, genius
Hold a town hall and answer my questions, coward
you voted for DeVos. You obviously don't care about education. How's that $50k?
will you be coming to the town hall on Friday? #whereiscory
you could use a comma, that sentence was hard to parse
You have sold our public schooling to the highest bidder with your vote for DeVos You failed Colorado #Doyourjob
The voters of Colorado are not angry because we are paid.  We are angry because you failed Colorado.
Now that we have your attention, please explain why you cast a vote for Jeff Sessions.
Cory Gardner sold the children of Colorado. Attempts to make voters forget will not be successful.
Senator...you need to hold a town hall to be an ADEQUATE public servant. When is it? #WhereIsCory
ICYMI: your constituents want a town hall. How are you spending your recess? Listening to Colorado or hiding from us?
so will Betsy give $50,000 to you again or rural schools?
Fully funded, adequate are two different things. Rural communities have needs that a unique, challenging. Work for best educ
ICYMI:  There are thousands of your constituents waiting to meet with you in Colorado and you keep ignoring us.
absolute hypocrisy after DeVos vote; deflection will not work. We see your blind loyalty to party over CO people
we had this in mind when the majority of Coloradans asked you to vote NO on DeVos. Can't backtrack. We remember.
And yet you voted for DeVos.
you should put on ur big girl panties and come tell us personally how proud you are... #townhall #wherescory
Does it involve funneling all the money go Betsy DeVos?
Betsey DeVos, whom you supported, will defund public schools.  How will rural CO benefit?
#cruelcory
Thanks, but one letter doesn't make up for the DeVos vote. We're still watching and none too pleased.
it's like tossing a life vest to a bunch of kids you sent to swim with the sharks. Too little too late
yet you voted for DeVos...
Are you making any effort to meet your constituents?  We would like to talk to you #WillCoryShow
one way to do that would be by making sure people like DeVos don't get appointed...
You dont want to do that.  You need Devos and poor education to keep your job.
#yourefired
'adequate' funding- like "I got an adequate ed, not great but adequate"? Meet your CO con for adequate town hall
don't pretend you care about schools.  #DeVosSellOut
but yet school choice/DeVos is terrible for these rural schools you're NOW trying to help??  Which is it?!?
Can we have a town hall? #wherescory
appreciate efforts to improve school $$. Your constituents are eager to discuss Edu, Jobs, HC. Will you listen?
when is your next town hall meeting?
Yet, you voted for DeVos! You can't have it both ways. Either support Colorado or Resign.
all schools should be funded. Most of Colorado's MJ tax goes to rural schools
Most if which don't even has pot shops. What a sick and twisted game this is... Jeffco closures
right, those communities reap all of the profits with none of the externalities
You can help funding by donating the DeVos money you accepted. #FreeTheDevos50k
Greetings from windy Colorado Springs
town hall time, dude. #whereiscory
