JUST IN: Treasury Secretary Mnuchin announces sanctions against Chinese bank, individuals over ties to North Korea. http://abcnews.com/politics  
We're focused on healthcare - and how Republicans seem incapable of doing anything but lying, cheating and bullying to get their way.

Shame on you for refusing to meet with your constituents who will be devastated by your choice to cut off their health care.
Release the #ADAPT members! The world is watching.
Trump has a “dangerous mental illness,” is unfit to lead the U.S, group of psychiatrists warn at Yale U. conference
Where's your statement on the ADAPT protestors arrested after you refused to talk to them about Trumpcare? #longmontbornandraised
Where's your full statement on @realDonaldTrump recent attack & provocation of violence against the #freepress?
Senator, have not got any e-mails or tweets from you lately. You going to be on the GOP healthcare float in the 4th parade?

I just read that the wheelchair-bound protestors you had arrested yesterday haven't been released yet. Shameful.
Can you possibly make a statement on your disastrous healthcare plan? Have the Kochs sworn you to silence? What was the price for your soul?
Healthcare #TownHall! 
As member of stealth ctte of 13, you owe it to us to explain your goals and thought process.
NEW POLL POST CBO ON REPEAL--

Keep/Fix ACA: 75%
Repeal: 18%…
This is remarkable behavior, Senator. How long do you think you can actually keep pretending your offices and phone lines aren't flooded?
What will be the last straw? Must Trump push the button releasing nuclear warheads for you decide he's gone too far? #peopleoverparty
You own this.
Hi Cory it's Connor from purple row just wanted to ask you a question real quick what is it like being a Koch demon hellspawn
You had disabled people thrown in jail for begging you not to take away their healthcare.

You. Are. Deplorable.
Are you aware that they just arrested several people in wheelchairs in your office?
Oh he is aware all right.  He ordered it!  Real class act.  Colorado you can do SO MUCH better.  I hope you don't make this mistake again.
Youre without jobs because the gop wealthy send unskilled jobs overseas. Cheaper.  Don't have to pay benefits. ..but maga, right?

Trump is a cult leader, and a sizabe bloc in the GOP is now his cult. Stop treating his rhetoric as "politics"; it's nonsensical cult-speak. 
Thanks Senator Gardner.  Please work will all senators on fair and affordable healthcare for all.  Please tell POTUS to respect the Office.
and we will not forget.

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
Neat.  When are you going to make a statement about the unhinged tweet storm personified living in the White House?
enough. My friend's life was just saved by socialized medicine, Obamacare, aka Medicaid. Vote NO on GOP healthcare.
Shame on you for ordering arrest of protestors in wheelchairs wanting to talk to you any healthcare bill!
Again, these are disability advocates in wheelchairs who just wanted to talk to @SenCoryGardner about Medicaid cuts. https://twitter.com/jstein_vox/status/880979396726849536 …

Can you please talk about the health care plan?  And what about trump?  Will you admonish him or stay complicit?  You have sold your soul.
where is your full statement on the proposed Senate healthcare bill?
Now you have the president helping so you think you can get on board with him now?
Nothing matters until Trump is gone. Fix this now.
We need a courageous republican to head a bipartisan group demanding that the dangerous Trump tweets stop.  Maybe you?  Make Colorado proud.
Senator, back to domestic agenda, you going to vote for a GOP healthcare bill that will fail or you got the guts to vote no?

http://www.9news.com/news/local/protesters-staging-sit-in-at-sen-gardners-denver-office-arrested/453188229 …
DISGRACE TO HUMANITY HOW COULD YOU NOT SPEAK TO THEM
How about some sanctions on Russian entities and speaking out about Trump's wishes to meet w/ Putin? But I guess N Korea is more important 
Do you have a statement about the people arrested at your office for wanting to talk to you about healthcare?
All we care about right now is you doin the right thing for the people of Colorado & voting no on the health-care bill country before party
@CoryGardner So you are proud to have a crook announce sanctions.  And are silent on you having disabled people arrested.  What a class act.
Co Sec of State Wayne Williams to turn over Public voter list
459 days without a Real Townhall meeting?   Great job your doing. NOT!   Is it that hard to do your job?  I bet your paychecks keep cashing
How about having handicapped people arrested? You're gonna vote to kick people off of their healthcare then have the balls to tell them
Where is your full statement on throwing your constituents out of your office?
Hey big man, how many disabled people will you have arrested today?
Make a statement about this... and then resign... in shame
How much longer are you going to support the agenda of the valueless miscreant low life and blackmailer who occupies the oval office? #creep
How about a statement where you try to justify (and fail) at screwing over people like the disabled folks you had arrested?
Can we see your full statement about the disabled protesters you had violently removed from your office in Colorado?

GOP @SenCoryGardner has disabled protestors zip-tied and arrested after 58-hour sit-in

http://shareblue.com/gop-senator-has-disabled-protestors-zip-tied-and-arrested-after-58-hour-sit-in/ ……
Enjoy your recess at home. Good luck telling your wife and daughters you don't have the guts to stand up for women to @realDonaldTrump.
Where's your full statement regarding your decision to have a group of your constituents arrested just for wanting to talk to you?
NO on trumpcare
#ADAPTandRESIST priorities #CRPD
What is your position, Senator? North Korea can wait. Are you voting yes or no? YES. OR. NO.
@ABC Senator, you will talk at length about foreign affairs but nothing about the healthcare bill you helped draft?  Why?!?
You seem like a bad person @SenCoryGardner. People are scared for their lives due to your actions and you won't even look them in the eyes.
there is shame on you.
Having people arrested ? History will not be kind to you. Whatever history we have left.
You truly do not represent MY beautiful state. Find a hole to crawl in. And wait for 45 to save your ass!
Those folks chained to your office furniture are trying to tell you something.
Wheres ur full statement on ur colorado springs constituents all day in your office?ur Denver office 60 hour sit-in resulting in arrests?
Good God. Where's your full statement on why you refuse to see or hear or acknowledge your Colorado constituents?
Where is your full statement on the protestor arrest???
How about a "full statement"  on that healthcare train wreck?  How callous can you be to ignore the individuals protesting at your office?
#NoOnGardner2020
Where's your statement on your constituents arrested at your office protesting healthcare cuts? Vets in wheelchairs arrested at your door.
You're a disappointment
Sir, the phones are screaming. Activism is a big thing atm. People will march, call and tweet you every day. Be stronger than this.
Tensions with your constituents are boiling over. This is not going away! Town hall, now! You were elected to represent us–and work for us!
You know who else are your constituents? The disabled. The working poor. The elderly. The ones you've decided don't deserve health care.
Where is your full statement to your constituents w/ #disabilities waiting in your office for 55(!) hours? @NationalADAPT
Coward.  Listen to your constituents and vote no on Repeal and Replace.  And stop trying to change the topic.
I can. not. believe. you lacked the courage to speak out about @realDonaldTrump's tweets all day. What's wrong with you, man? Seriously.
More importantly, you are arresting disabled people in your office, "Rather be arrested than die without Medicaid" Shame on you!
Terrible health bill
Why do you think it's okay to have disabled protestors arrested?

Watch and RT: people w/ disabilities protesting in @SenCoryGardner's office being dragged to jail: https://www.facebook.com/CarrieAnnLucasPersonal/videos/10212361209121553/ … #GOPhealthcare
Shame on you! Call this off! All they are asking is for you to vote NO!
YOU are threatening their lives with your "healthcare bill"
Stop the police from arresting the disabled people at your office
We want a statement on health care. Break the silence, Senator.
We were in your Cos Office again today asking for a townhall.  We will not stop.
Ugh, your pathetic silence on the stuff Coloradans give a crap about (Healthcare, Election sabotage, Traitor-in-Chief, etc.) is too cowardly
wake up Cory!!!!! Hear the people's voices.   Hear the people camped out in your Denver office?
So Cory, are we going to see you IN PERSON anytime during your single term in office?
Anything to say about Healthcare? Oh that's right, that would mean you have to comment about a real issue.
Thanks for protecting us from Kim Jong attacking our healthcare. #superDuper
So is now the time for Jared Kushner to talk to that bank for a loan?
How does this square with the approach to the steel industry... baiting China into a trade war?
You chickenhawks are going to start something you cant finish.
How about sanctions on Russia for their attack on our election? I don't remember word one from you about that. Also..BCRA will kill. 80127
Kate's Law passage is worthy of a tweet. Not a visit not a meeting not trees growing in forrest but stood up for Am people
@GOP Republicans showed courage in passing Kate's Law. Please have the same courage. More important than repeal replace
As the others have mentioned: statement on #healthcare? @morningmika attack? #DeVos50k sellout? #TownHall ? ANYTHING we've asked about? #DYJ
Where's Cory
When are you going to uphold your sworn duties of office? You are a paid rep who is refusing to meet with your people.  Me=Former GOP voter.
Come say it to our faces. TOWN HALLS NOW!
Where is your statement about the sanctions on Trump's Twitter feed?
When are you meeting with the #ADAPT members camped out in your office?
I'd love to talk about this and more at a town hall. Are you going to kill Coloradans with a yes vote on #trumpcare tax cut?
Make a statement on whether or not you support the Deathcare bill that you personally helped craft.
Kk but how about a statement on healthcare?
Where is your statement on healthcare in the U.S.? 2020 can't come soon enough.
Fine.  Where's your immediate statement on the BCHA? I mean you were only on the development committee. For it or not?
Where is your full statement on healthcare?  Vote NO!
....and a statement on healthcare?
Where's your full statement re the atrocity that is the #BCRA? 45's demeaning, misogynistic tweets? His bullying behavior? #TrumpAbusesWomen
How does that compare with Trumpcare causing millions to lose healthcare so the super-rich can get a tax cut as a payoff from the GOP?
That's nice.  What about our healthcare?
Really got your finger on the pulse of America today....

You are such an embarrassment
241k COs to lose health Ins. And as a coward you are silent. We know how badly you want this bill that is despised by 85% of Americans.
Where is your statement on why you wrote healthcare bill kicking 22M off insurance and when you having a town hall?
We're still waiting to hear from you on healthcare. And see your smiling face at a town hall meeting. When will it be, Cory?
Where is your statement on the healthcare bill? We are not going away and will hold u accountable always. #NoBCRA #WhereIsCory
You will not distract us from how you are failing us. Misdirection, lies, and avoidance do not work. We are angry.
Nothing on Healthcare?  Stand up for your State.  Speak up for Coloradans. Or stay silent on behalf of your donors.
When are you coming to town, Cory?  You can't hide from us forever. I really need you to explain your voting record/BRCA. 
Gardner=Trump
No statement on the health care bill YOU helped draft? 

No statement on Trumps disgraceful behavior?

When will you stand up for Colorado?
Here you go Dr.
Where is your full statement on health care?  Will you protect 400,000 Coloradans on Medicaid now and in the future?
Where are you on BCRA, Senator? It's even more unpopular than the President! Looking for a hard no from you.
I don't see you healthcare comments in the feed?? Too ashamed of what you're trying to pass? Vote no. Colorado doesn't approve
And your statement on why tax cuts for the wealthiest are more important than the wellbeing of those less fortunate?
Clearly you're missing that the big deal right now is healthcare... and that you aren't even willing to host a town hall to discuss it!
Senator, your party is on the verge of altering the lives of 22 million Americans, including Coloradans. You need to address this. In person
Could you release a statement on health care please? I don't understand why you are ignoring your constituents.
How about your full statement on BCRA, the CBO score, & GOP efforts to take healthcare away from millions and give tax breaks to the wealthy
Statement on health care? Or POTUS' disgraceful bullying tweet?
