It's not influencing, it manipulation of our electoral process. Stop tip toeing around this  issue.
Your substantive concern on this policy pails in comparison to your pathetic deference to GOP over USA. CO voters aren't fooled.
Good to know you don't think it's fake news.
Passing laws to respond to a hoax?
As You commend Trump signing , Not 1 word against Putin ,But Humiliated  the GOP in Public . So Presidential.
Oh great another BananaRepublican worshiping Trump.
You guys just spin it to the positive no matter what he does, don't you? It's total insanity. Read anything he said about it?
@denverpost Hey Denver Post any articles on missing Cory? Should we put his face on a milk carton?
The anti-Russia propaganda campaign by the Deep State has now been scientifically proven to be a lie.
When will you apologise for damaging international relations over a lie?
Even the Nation, a liberal/progressive publication now admits the DNC emails were leaked, not hacked:

http://redpilledworld.blogspot.com/2017/08/even-nation-liberalprogressive.html … #DNCLeaks
2020
Commend?   He signed but called it unconstitutional!   Be real Senator.   People before party Sir.
"Sir" is a bit of a stretch here...
But yet you are silent on what your plans are for bipartisanship on fixing healthcare.  Self praise is not deserved or becoming.
Not silent on plans for healthcare. He co-authored Trumpcare. Blue Cross was his fourth largest campaign donor. His plans there are clear.
Why is @SenCoryGardner commending a president who claimed he was signing unconstitutional legislation? The Trump Stain is deep on this one.
Stand up to the sickening #corruption #investigatetrump #conflictofinterest
Even though he did not approve of it?  Come on!  Donald Trump is a disgrace as president.
Excuse me "Senator", but I couldn't hear you, what with your face so far up trumps ass all that can be heard is "MmhmmMmNnnnHmmMmm"

#resign
Sycophantic
Read his last paragraph @SenCoryGardner! He is an egotistical loose cannon and danger to our nation and it's a shame you support him!
Tomorrow the GOP will be commending Donald Trump for merely showing up to work. Sickening fawning
Where's Cory who do you think you are kidding? You are still following party lines and don't care whether Trump is involved with Putin!
You do realize that Trump says the Russian hacking never happened. He only signed this as not to look really bad.
And to avoid an override of a veto. Transparent as all get out
Buddy, your on your way to the exit door. We're going to get someone who will represent our, the people's interest......
Trump was forced to sign it. In case you don't know he LOVES Putin!
This is dumb. #HisNameWasSethRich
#Cory,please pass a healthcare bill & tax reform bill this year!!!! Nobody but Trump haters care about #Russia.
Too late.  You voted wrong on healthcare. Not much you can say or do will change that blunder
Did he really sign the sanctions bill ???
Senator Gardner please put our country first over the party and President.
Oh please as if he wanted to sign it
Oh pu-leese!
If you agree they influenced the election then start #impeachment proceedings on this illegitimate @POTUS right now! Do over.
I'm convinced he really thinks he's making a difference from inside his little bubble out in D.C.
Trump's in bed with them...and you're in bed with Trump!
BullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshitBullshit
More like a strong response to Trump and his being compromised, even though you wont' come out and say it.   #spineless
Except he contemporaneously released an official statement that while he signed it, HE considers it illegal & isn't following it. Now what?
Do you seriously look in the mirror and have an inkling of self respect?
He had no choice. He doesn't understand separation of powers! Reps need to call him on his ignorance, lies, etc!
Check your voicemail.
And your fax machine.
And your conscience. And your reflection in a mirror.
So. Much. This. Check it all @SenCoryGardner.
Wow
It's about time
You are s deflecting a hole. How dare you try and take 575,000 people from healthcare and not answer! I'm in denver pal if you chat! 80212
Does it deter Russia from interfering again?
Before today,NOTHING from you about Russian interference.Your lips must be chapped from all the bunghole kissing.
Because sanctions have been so effective in the past. You are a joke @SenCoryGardner a traitor, a fraud, a spineless coward & a joke
LOL. Did you read the statement where he says he doesn't need or want Congress to weigh in on his decisions? (F)Hail democracy!
Yes , but, it's obvious he only signed because he had to. It was going to pass with or without his signature. Impeach Trump!
Could you kiss his ass any harder? #DontThinkSo
Resign already
You commend him for signing something he didn't want to, but wont condemn him for any number of horrible things he does/says? Shut up.
Comrade-in-chief struggled with this one #PutinsPuppet got some splainin to do to Vlad #impeach @potus
#Resign
our so-called senator commending sanctions that should've happened 6 months ago begrudgingly signed by so-called president 
Strong response? Kind of like when Trump said "ok" after he asked Putin twice if he intervened on our elections.
You told that the signing statement is a way to "usurp the role of the legislative branch". Don't you think Congress itself is usurping?
Why wasn't there the big signing ceremony that typically comes with these proclamations from Lord Vader?
Then he criticized U. S. Congress, not Russia!
Yes, but where was the televised signing ceremony like President Dipshit had for everything else he signed. . .
I live in Colorado.  I am your constituent and unlike so many people who voted for you, I am not an idiot.  Stop pandering to the man-child
Why thank Trump?  Have you read his statement?  What is wrong with you people?
I commend the Congress for being a co-equal branch of government, thus forcing this part-time occupant of what he deems "a dump" no option.
Did you read "Statement on Signing" hardly something to 'commend'.
Last 3 sentences are 'strange' ..but at least nothing about crowd size.
You know what would be nice? Knowing you will not murder me by destroying my healthcare!
Once again, hot air coming out of your mouth.
are you gotten promised a spot on his musical chairs ? Go ahead to people don't need to vote you out
Don't forget to tune into Gardener's phone town hall tonight! 7pm MST
You know trump and Putin are BFF's and trump wants to LIFT all Russian sanctions right? Release the tapes!!!
When are you going to start holding 45 accountable for colluding with Putin's nefarious activities on his behalf?

Too bad your health care sanctions on coloradoans failed. Keep it up, it is very popular here...
I hear Trump talked to Putin before he signed. If true, then what? Get a spine. How can we trust the voting system when we can't trust you?
He signed with caveats. You support that too?
Trump only signed this because he had a political gun to his head. No commendations needed. But @potus will love your praise.
But at least you're going to hold a fake town hall tonight. You can explain why you're afraid of the people you're sworn to serve. #Coward
Now make a statement re Trump's signing statement. He urges Congress not to follow the law he's signing. U OK with that?
You know he isn't behind this bill at all, he signed it thru pressure, he isn't backing it. You're a shill and a coward. Quit.
Yeah he was so willing to sign that sanction… He didn't do it with The press was present, and Congress kind of forced him into it LOL.
will you hold him accountable if he fails to enforce?
Can't wait to replace you
Was there a signing ceremony?
Yet you've not spoken up once as @realDonaldTrump continuously denies it happened. You always attempt to lead from behind because it's easy.
ok cool. You gave him little choice. But the question still remains, did he collude with Russia? #TrumpRussia
His dumb ass son tried, but was too stupid. Kush got that part right about many of those involved. Collusion is a smart move, hard when dumb
What about United States influence in others elections? Like Obama did in Israel. When are the sanctions kicking in on us for our meddling?
Amazing that Trump feels this legislation encroaches on his executive authority! Most of his EO's have undermined our Democracy!
But yet he says bill is unconstitutional & does not accept that Putin interfered in election. The bill was veto proof! And u commend him 
Well you say strong response and he says seriously flawed so…
Really, do you also commend the last 2 lines from his Official White House Statement, where he boasts about himself.
If Putin is a thug why are you letting Trump get away with treason? You support 45 so you are also guilty of treason. All the @GOP is.
I'd like to see your statement on Sec. Tillerson's refusal of $ appropriated for combating RUS propaganda
How about punishing the campaign that was colluding with Russia?
Why don't you have a "strong" town hall meeting with your constituents?
Finally we agree on something.  How's WITSEC treating you?
You're nothing more than a trump rubber stamp. Do more
The ACA non repeal last week senator is still the issue....nor matter how many fulff non starters you tweet....GET IT HANDLED !
\
You ok with him talking about his businesses in his commentary? Or do you just follow him like a poodle?
No, it's a response to Trump not doing anything about it
Why are you commending him? He had no choice. It was a vetoproof majority.  Do you think he otherwise would've signed it?
