- this dickwad says we R getting paid 2 protest. Think how rich we'll be! Like @POTUS, we won't pay taxes! #TheResistance
Lol!! It's faster getting vetted for immigration.
Right? Best job ever!!!
Oh Corrryyyy......  Where aaarrree you?? Haven't seen you since you ducked out of the meeting.....
as a Russian puppet I figured you'd like that news.  #commie
We don't want war. We do want a major investigation into; Russia's involvement w/hacking, election & Trump, Trump's COE,
Corruption, nepotism and why the Hell Steve Bannon is even allowed in the WH. Do your job!
you need to stand behind Colorado teachers ignore your pockets VOTE NO on DeVoss or you will not see another term.
I guess we'll find out if you are bought. https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/education/news/2017/01/12/296231/conflicts-of-devos/ …
The climate crisis is the most pressing challenge we face & we need an EPA director who understands that. Vote NO on Pruitt!
The best sign at the Denver rally at your office today.
best sign - sadly true i'm afraid
Any thoughts on the failed Yemen strike that killed an 8 year old American girl?  No?  Benghazi?
we demand an in person townhall! Constituent from 80817
listen to your constituents. #NoonDeVos
Bet you're happy they're taking sanctions off your new RUSSIAN OVERLORDS. Traitor.
Looking forward to WAR with Iran Senator?  I didn't know $$$ shields nuclear radiation.
sanctions for not violating our agreement   poor decision on your part and Trump's it makes us less safe not safer
You, my Senator, are lock-step with Bannon's agenda. White Nationalism needs to be fought, not encouraged. #PartyB4Country
get off your high horse and support Colorado teachers instead of lining your pockets. Vote No on DeVoss.
you should also welcome sanctions against Russia
How about Sanctions against Russia who actually hacked into government computers and interfered in our electorial process.
didn't you slam Udall for siding w/Obama 90%, aren't you at 100%????
your vote on deVos is noted. It will be a big part of your defeat next election. Oh, not paid, disappointed in no courage
#NoonGardner2020
I wonder if ur voters knew you were just another spineless clueless easy to pay off politician yuck  http://www.coloradoindependent.com/163813/cory-gardner-donald-trump-votes …
How about a vote against DeVos?  Coloradans will remember.
please listen to Colorado voters - we don't want DeVos for Education. Show our state values experience over politics!
he voted Yes. Remember that for midterms
shame on you
Do you support putin.
Please vote NO to DeVos for education.
you should have more backbone and fight for your constituents, not Trump
Way to represent your CO constituents. Bravo.
$49,800 is more important to you than a child's education?? Paid off by an unqualified woman.
#dirtymoney #NotoDeVos
You're playing w/fire. We'll hold u accountable. Bad idea Cory. And no, we aren't paid despite your ridiculous accusation.
Please vote no on DeVos' confirmation. She is unqualified to entrust with the education of America's children.

Make American Start Another War!
Our kids will be the victims if DeVos is confirmed.  We are watching and will remember.  Unpaid from 80222.
.@SenCoryGardner Sir, I'm VERY, very concerned our President called a sitting federal judge a "so called" judge.
Looks like you're helping Bannon to start WWIII. How can you sleep at night?!!!
Do you also approve of death of Navy Seal due to lack of proper & appropriate vetting before our troops attacked Yemen?
why?
Resign Senator!
Ppl protesting cabinet are not being paid. We are paid in the currency of altruism & will not falter. We are here to stay.
right on Cory, now block DeVos!
you need to retire.
I'm from OK&live below poverty line.I take time to call senators like you for zero because you are ruining our country!
If you and the rest of your war mongering Republicans start a war, send YOUR KIDS!
just want to jet u know that no one I know gets paid to criticize you. We gladly do it for free.   Vote no on devos
how bout a statement regarding how you don't know how to interact with the people you are supposed to be representing in CO
count on Coloradans to vote you out of office if you dont stand up to Trump's radicalism. Bring common sense back to GOP.
Trump sounds like a petulant child looking to start a war. Stop this lunatic before we are all nuked!
They weren't breaking any rules of UN agreement. Do you plan to renegotiate that agreement?..or just bomb, bomb, Iran?
how dare you accuse voters of being paid? People want their voices heard
can you takeaway min newer my Q about plans for health coverage for my children w/preexisting conditions? Still waiting
No. Listen to your constituents. You won't be re-elected with positions like these. NO to DeVos!
selling a new war before we've paid off the last one? Not very fiscally conservative of you.
nothing but a distraction from treason with Russia. How about Russia land grab two days ago?
unpaid protester/concerned American  checking in.
I haven't received my check for protesting. Do you know who I can contact? #paidprotestors #colorado #nobetsydevos
They didn't break the deal. They dropped the dollar.
waiting 2 hear statement on #russianhacking, support legislation to reverse travel ban, NO on Sessions & DeVos. From 80525
So I take it you have no problem with the FACT that 6/7 countries included from Obama's list BAN all Jews from their countries?
if i'm getting paid to voice my opinion to elected officials - where's my paycheck? Quit ignoring ur constituents.
disappointing news that you would agree w/such a short-sighted immature action on the part of our uninformed president
perhaps you'd like to share your view of Russian  sanctions? Or should we just defer to WH, as you seem to do?
So DeVos donated $5K to you?, Will that have anything to do with your decision on her confirmation. VOTE NO on DeVos.
Why are we escalating tensions? Maybe to drive oil prices up so Russia can go into the red?
I welcome voting against you in the midterm. #SanctionTheSenate
Oh really your not gonna undermine @potus and call the Iranian ambassador to smooth things over? #RINO
I welcome you listening to not only the people of colorado but all over the US and #StopDeVos #NotoDeVos
and welcome the loosening of sanctions against Russia. Because you would rather please them and Trump.
I would welcome your resignation.
PS. not fake, not paid off. Pissed off.
You really are a rubber stamp for Trump.  If this keeps up- we will have to find a better senator.  One that works for us!
I would welcome your no vote on DeVos.
Getting paid by George Soros to call your office isn't my 1st choice of career, but it'll pay my med bills after ACA repeal
You are not standing up to Trumpster. A majority of your constituents did NOT vote for him. Your record - 100% Trump. SHAME!
I am a retired teacher (not a fake ROBO-writer!)  How insulting. PLEASE vote no on Devos for Educ. Pay attn to constituents!
@IndivisibleLoCo HOW ABOUT WELCOMING PHONE CALLS FROM YOUR CONSTITUENTS? Ive been calling all week, no answer #TruantSenator
How about Saudi Arabia?
NO to Sessions and DEVOS!!!!!  If you're interested in keeping your seat-listen to the people you represent.
You're still saying that calls to you are paid. You're not listening to Colorado. I'll call again, how's that?
even though DeVos gave you the max campaign contribution, you can still VOTE NO. Real Coloradan here. Not paid protestor.
Mr Senator. The country needs you to vote No on DeVos. I will share the rest of my thoughts as they come up for vote.
.@SenCoryGardner What is your statement on the healthcare plan you support? Also request that you vote no on confirmation of Betsy DeVos!
Really?  Voting with Trump all the way on everything?  Why don't you grow some balls and stand up against him - Chickenshit.
I see how you are voting today. Pretty bold considering demographic make up of your constituency. When is next town hall?
I guess overlooking what your constituents want is easy, when you're getting money from the bimbo. #BetsyDeVos #paytoplay
how about instead of tweeting you return calls from your constituents????
crazy how you love confrontation with foreign nations but refuse to face your own constituents. #coward
80138 here. If you vote for DeVos, find a new career. You will have no place in CO govt. Don't mess with our kids.
Here's what I'd welcome: the announcement of an event in which you face your constituents and hear our full statements.
isn't this a distraction from our POTUS being a crazy person who neverb divested? #impeach
Thank you for your service. Iran should not be allowed nuclear weapons.
Where do you stand on DeVos? I'm from 80015. Not paid.
Please stop calling your constituents paid protestors. It's very offensive. We want to trust you. You're making it very hard
You are avoiding us - Colorado 80027 (720) - and not stating your position on DeVos.  Nice try changing subject: SQUIRREL!
Not uppermost in our minds.  We care about  Fiduciary rule, DeVos, Trump ties to Russia, and Schwarzenegger ratings
how do you feel about the administration relaxing sanctions against Russia, though?
That is not a correct analysis of the Iran deal. The Iran deal stopped nuclear proliferation which makes the world SAFER!
how about sanctions over you Corey for allowing our primary to be stolen so you can push Ted Cruz.. COLORADO Voter
Do you have a statement on the 60,000 to 100,000 visas that have been revoked, or any darn plan for what to do about it?
Trump is going to get us into a war. Watch him. Save Dodd-Frank and block DeVos.
Did exxon or raytheon pay you $49,800 sir? You're leaving money on the table -
These sanctions hurt the people, not the government. You know this. Please do better. We don't want war.
