Phone-in town halls don't cut it! You should meet with us and be all inclusive in doing so. Wish you were a CO darling instead of a GOP one!
@SenCoryGardner why don't you move to another state that would appreciate your line of crap more than most of us do here?
Too bad that you can't stand up for democracy! Coloradans cherish that!

Deal with the issues please. Meaningless feelgood tweet won't help your reputation
Coloradans are waiting to support your replacement and it can't come soon enough weasel
Why don't you kick off our celebration with a resignation tweet?
Cory, hun, I don't think you're getting our emails, phone calls, mail, telegrams, smoke signals, hand gestures.....
Now I feel like I am letting our state down. I've tried letters, phone calls, protest rally's. But not smoke signals. Anyone know Denver 1/
Fire code?  Is an open fire allowed on the street to send smoke signals to 17th street?  @denver_fire @MayorHancock #SmokeSignalToCory
lol
What the hell is going on? Stand up for your President. This is now incredibly out of control. We all voted for that man. Cmon Mr. Gardner
May all Coloradans be here next year to celebrate, again. Save the ACA!
Knowing history doesn't protect you. You voted to strip many of us from good healthcare. You put party over our well being. We won't forget.
Arresting disabled constituents & leaving them in jail for 24+hrs wasn't exactly humanitarian either
It would be happier if you would stop trying to take away health insurance from 400,000 Coloradans who benefit from Medicaid expansion.
Cory thinks Medicaid is unsustainable, let's hear why?
Happy birthday Colorado was born and raised here  I will never leave u Colorado  my home state  ur beautiful and wonderful
You care about CO??  Thought you're moving to KS to be Koch Bros new house guest
We have a lot to offer, but you don't listen! #TownHall ? #Healthcare ? #TrumpRussia ?
Yes, Happy Birthday, Colorado! How about having an IN PERSON TOWN HALL. #NotPaid constituent of 81623.
your allegiance to #traitortrump will pave ur path 2 defeat #voteGardnerOut @indivisibleden @indivisiblefrr @IndivisibleNOCO
@SenCoryGardner offers Colorado NOTHING. We will celebrate your assured defeat. You belong in the swamp. Don't come back. Hindsight is #2020
A good way to celebrate would be holding public town hall meetings where your constituents could see you. 
Hiding is Shameful to Colorado
You hand out trolls
Meet your constituents face to face, Coward.
https://www.facebook.com/laura.gentit/posts/1736144673079925 …
Don't worry just look up "Cardboard Cory's" next event!
The worst part about CO? You
Where's Cory we don't celebrate you becaus you don't care about your constituents!
Nice words. Two more: Town Hall. This lack of commonality & communication with your constituents is disturbing.
You could hold your celebration in a town hall.
480+ days without a town hall. You shame Colorado. Take my state out your mouth right now.
Can't wait to vote you out in 2020!!!
it is a great state and we have a lot to offer.Too bad the senator from Yuma won't talk to his constituents
Colorado w/successful ACA & happy insurers, bringing down costs & covering citizens, plz come tell us about your logic to vote to repeal it.
I heard that long ago, Colorado had TWO senators. But now we have one senator and one guy who calls himself senator but doesn't do the job.
Guess which one you are?
It would be happier if the Republican Party started acting like leaders.
But will Colorado offer health care for all? Sustainable, renewable energy? Protected federal lands? What say you, oh junior one?
Thank you @SenCoryGardner for standing by your campaign claims. Now go get some of these dinosaurs to do the right thing!
Your fake devotion and love of Coloradan is deplorable after your vote to gleefully end so many's healthcare 
you ain't happy to celebrate the disabled people it has to offer... coward
#TRUTH
Since when do u care about colorado
Back when representatives actually talked to thier constituents.
And 141 years later our Senator is to scared to show up for a town hall or an actual media interview. Wow how's that make you feel CO?
You're a terrible, terrible senator!  
How about doing a townhall and listen to the people of our great state?  You're a coward!!!
Why are you so scared to meet the people that live in this state? Did you always hide behind your momma's skirt?
Cory, your fluff tweets don't make your sins go away. You voted to rob healthcare from millions, and you won't appear in person. RESIGN.
How about those town halls to meet with the wonderful people of Colorado whom you represent??? You know, the VOTERS!
Read your replies, lame duck. I think the people want to talk to you.
490 days ago, @SenCoryGardner last held a town hall. Today, we dream of all that a better Senator would have to offer. Happy #ColoradoDay!
#OTD 141 years ago, Colorado became the 38th state to join the Union. Today, we celebrate all CO has to offer. Happy #ColoradoDay! 
@SenCoryGardner will be out with next election. He has shown he is in politics for himself and not the people of Colorado.
Colorado is awesome! When are you coming here to have a town hall with us?
Oh, not to worry, he talks to Coloradans~ Big donors, the carefully screened and handpicked or very rich, corporately well connected ones.
I love Colorado and I love my country. That's why I'm so fed up with you CG.
Soooo you'll post this but silence on issues? You're a stinker!!!!
CO is a lovely state with lovely people who would love to talk with you. Why did you vote to take our healthcare away? #ColoradoDay
What a perfect time to honor all us Coloradoans by listening to us! #SinglePayer #GOPTreason #TrumpRussia #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
No. Sorry Senator, you have shown in your votes that you have turned your back on #CO. You do not deserve to celebrate this amazing state.
And to think only 1week ago you helped try to take healthcare away from Coloradoans! A true patriot if I've ever seen one! #seewhatIdidthere
The best part about Colorado? People live there! You should visit sometime & maybe you'll meet one or two!
Still no town halls, though. How should we celebrate a senator that refuses to actually talk to fellow Coloradoans, CG?
By replacing him with one that does.
Happy Colorado Day! Let's celebrate by caring for CO citizens #MedicareForAll
We celebrate the natural beauty of Colorado, you celebrate the money to be made in exploiting it. Big difference.
How about a town hall to explain to the great people of Colorado why you're a corporate puppet & Care nothing about your constituents?#2020
Greedy politicians then, greedy politicians now.
Too bad you don't care about the voters of our state. Your votes on health care proved that. You've been exposed as a fraud. #holdatownhall
Hey Ex-Senator how about a TOWN HALL to celebrate such a great day! #OneTerm #YouAreTheSwamp #DoYourJob
You love the State, but obviously not us residents. All of the calls etc for nothing. You are a tool. 2020 can't come soon enough!
...all CO has to offer the Oil and Gas industry that has you in their pocket.
2020
Maybe you could schedule a town hall w/ your Colorado constituents to celebrate?  Just a thought...
Happy Colorado Day. This senator never told us how he voted on Northern Colorado secession. #copolitics
#OTD 141 years ago, Colorado became the 38th state to join the Union. Today, we celebrate all CO has to offer. Happy #ColoradoDay! 
It will be happy the day you stand up for America. Right now you are enabling a traitor. We won't forget.
Your healthcare votes were a disgrace and showed you have no regard for our state or the people who live here. We won't forget.
A great way to celebrate Colorado Day would be to hold a town hall!  I know you would draw a YUGE audience with lots of good questions!
We celebrate Colorado. You celebrate the almighty dollar and the undermining of our democracy, environment and health care.
Will you be making a statement concerning your vote to repeal the ACA? Why u thought that was best for Coloradans? A town hall? Please?
Colorado's a great state! You should visit sometime! Maybe talk to people about what you do. It'll be like a TED talk, but at the town hall?
