1343 DAYS 01 HOUR 02 MINUTES until you are voted out of office.
it's obvious you aren't getting reelected, so why not face your constituents since you have nothing to lose??
How many of those people told you that the key to our success is to close our borders?
did you explain to them why you gutted the EPA and education by confirming devos and Pruitt?
I noticed you vote party over integrity. You FAILED Colorado.
did you discuss Russia's meddling in the election ?
You're getting fat, sitting around in the Senate!
just a quick reminder, your job is to serve the people of CO. YOU ARE FAILING AT YOUR JOB!!!
I noticed you haven't explained why you voted for a racist. His policies will harm Colorado.
Because our focus should be on more fossil fuel destruction, rather than say ANYTHING THAT HELPS PEOPLE.  #wearenotimpressed
and when is the townhall?
#nurembergtrials
Why did you vote against releasing tRumps tax returns? #NotPaid 81623
amber alert still in effect for missing Colorado Senator Gardner
Warning...cardboard cut-out seen in Adams County.
To bad your to much of a chicken s**t to meet with your constituents face to face. You should lose your job .
Why didn’t you have a Town Hall meeting in Adams County? Why are you avoiding ordinary Coloradans?
Great, why won't you meet face to face with your constituents? No, really???
Maybe have a meeting with the people you're supposed to serve.
I love when my senator doesn't meet with his constituents. Makes me want to vote for him /s
Did that great meeting inc hitting them up to fundraise for RNSC, you know the marching orders you have to serve your party?
your tweets and posts look very sophomoric compared to those of your counterparts.
has anyone else noticed that @SenCoryGardner did not say anything to condemn the murder of Srinivas Kuchibhotla
still no townhall! #whereisCoryGardner
#WhereisCoryGardner Not with his constituents! Enjoy these last days in office, because your career is over.
coward. Town hall?
funny I see you having meetings around Colorado and you can't even meet your constituents. Say bye bye to being re-elected
- did you speak to any constituents?  Maybe you prefer to send a cardboard cut out.  One term is cool by me!
Come down and meet me and answer my questions on your cabinet confirmation votes, coward
if you conduct yourself in a way that makes you hide from voters, you should resign. Shame on you.
I've noticed you have been silent on Trump's ties to Russia. How much do you know?
I noticed you haven't explained you vote for Betsy DeVos.
unfortunately you seem to be missing the discussions most pressing to our country at this time...
How about meeting with your constituents?  We are banging on your door, but it seems no one is home.
When is the next town meeting? Sincerely, a public school teacher living in Summit County.
When are you going to hold a #townhall to meet with the Colorado voters you represent?
the cowardly senator continues to avoid his CO constituents and refuses to hold a live meeting. #OneTermSenator
Cory you are just a Trump white populist puppet. Give Colorado a break !
did you send a cardboard cut out of yourself?
did you do that by phone too like your town halls with the people that elected you?
would be wonderful if you were opening up conversation to ALL constituents - not just select groups. TOWN HALL!
How do you do it? Ignore people. Not taking one step to those voters that trusted you! Just a rich POOR human being.
perhaps a town hall?
I noticed you never gave an itinerary showing which big businesses you have time to visit. No doubt they have money.
Sen Gardner, like the entire GOP, is a disgrace to the country. 
Guilty of corruption and treason.
I noticed you do not make time to meet with voters face to face.
The echoes of cowardice ring in your empty head. Invertebrate.
what about discussing health care with me, zip code 80919
How about showing up to a meeting with concerned constituents?
Holy shit!  You do exist.   How about some town hall presence?  Or are you going to take a page from Little Marco playbook?
How about meeting with your constituents?  What are you so scared of?
have town halls, leave your kids at home so they aren't your distraction when the heat is on. Betsy showed u how to do it.
That's great. How about a meeting with the rest of your constituents? Town hall would be nice.
Great! When's your next open town hall?
hey C-dawg, how bout you actually talk to the people you were elected to represent? #DoYourJob and all that? No?
how convenient to schedule phone town hall, after Environment and tax release votes. Do your job.
how about meeting with us, your constituents?!!!
How about you meet with  your constituents, as well? After all, you work for us, not other politicians. #townhallforall
Town Hall? Not a paid protester. Do not underestimate constituents. If you do not listen, you're fired. Simple. 2020 Vision.
how 'bout a meeting w/ ur constituents re ACA,  Investigation????? THat might be something nice to do CORY!!!!!!
one guy has no neck. The other has no spine.
you remain a coward and an embarrassment. hope whatever private sector job you've been offered in 2020 was worth it!
how about talking to us, your constituents?  You're a coward.
when are you going to meet with your constituents?
I hope the Commissioners to vote for you in 2020. Because they may be the only ones. (Do you EVER intend to meet w/voters?)
Wow you are still here and have no time to host a live Town Hall with the constituents you represent? We won't forget this!
Did you tell them about the new budget cuts? Bye healthcare, AmeriCorps, legal protections. But A-OK with Russian collusion
You need to your Boo, 45. His policy toward weed and clean energy will kill our economy.
Since you are in the area, how about holding a town hall?
Perhaps you could have discussed donating $50k you took from DeVos to an Adams County school district. #FreeTheDevos50k
Each one of these posts makes us more angry.
Thank you for checking in, pumpkin. Remember dinner's at 7 and curfew's at 10. NO EXCEPTIONS on a school night. Love you.
Can we see the softball questions that your staffers, posed as constituents, will be asking you?
How Nice of you to show up for that meeting. How about one with your constituents? No hiding behind the phone.
here's a novel idea, meet in person with your constituents. You know, the people that pay your official day salary!
Super! Now please meet with us, your constituents. Name the time and place, we will be there! #stophiding
