Senator, what you going to do to stop Trumps insanity?  Nothing and you further his insanity.
So any thoughts on the POTUS threatening the free press? Or are you cool with that, as long as you get a chance to do your thing?
Look what the cat drug in from DC!
Senator Gardner, all this is great, but those of us who rely on healthcare subsidies are at risk please don’t abandon us.
# Resign coward #koch mooch # one term senator

Corey’s speech has the crowd enthralled.  Or maybe I should say, mind-numbingly, bored.
When are you going to be real and talk about the elephant in the room the way Bob Corker did? Trump is unfit. He needs to be removed.
When are you going to talk about why you aid and abet Trump in sabotaging our healthcare?  My premium is prob going to go up an insane amt
You forgot removing insurance of millions of Americans.
Your constituents have A LOT of questions for you. When’s the next town hall in Denver, during hours when people who work can attend????
Bwahahaha
Dreamer.  He doesn't want to talk to us.  He wants to hide and pretend it counts as the same thing.
Literally NOTHING matters to pple who now know we cant afford hc for pre-exist conditions. We don't care what u say about ANYTHING else.
@SenCoryGardner Please stop the madman in the White House.  You know he is ill.  Time to speak up.  Stop protecting him.
"All of the above" isn't a very discerning strategy in light of global climate change and it's high costs to our country. Ask the experts.
Are you in Puerto Rico now. You said you were going to check the situation yourself.
how about speaking out against @realDonaldTrump - He is unfit to be president. Your colleagues agree. @SenBobCorker
https://twitter.com/Kaepernick7/status/917955545197314048 … #Resist #25thAmendment #EqualityForAll
I appreciate you @Eminem  
Senator Trump is playing god w/ WWIII and you say nothing?????
Shaking hands with murderous despots in the Philippines .. what were you thinking Cory ?
You need to get back to work and impeach Mr. Crazy before things turn uglier, please. Remember that oath you swore to COTUS? Time to act!
https://twitter.com/Kaepernick7/status/917955545197314048 … #Resist #25thAmendment #EqualityForAll
I appreciate you @Eminem  
Oh hey cool you're back in Colorado!  When's that town hall gonna be rescheduled for again? #copolitics #cosen
Will progressives show up and shout him down again? Progressives condemned by every media outlet. The Left displayed their intolerance.
LIVES were threatened. When children, the sick, elderly, poor & disabled are threatened, that's how you're SUPPOSED to act. Call it decency.
Thanks @SenCoryGardner for your leadership and insights at Energy and Manufacturing forum
Leadership? Hiding from his constituents. Always holding his cards until the last possible moment. He may be the leading coward of CO.
Here, make a comment on this please. You know since you represent the party of "fiscal responsibility".
Looks like #corythecreep has gone radio silent while he schemes to ram through tax cuts for super rich, and ignore Trump's daily atrocities.
Make sure you tell them about trying to take their healthcare and bust up their unions
So, how do you justify wanting a clean Colorado when Trump and Pruit are ending the regulations on coal plants?? !!   Impeach the Russian-supporting, p--- grabber now!!  Stand up~ Rise Up!
You and your @GOP colleagues have failed in your jobs to keep the moron in the WH in check. 6M Americans will pay the price.
They will pay the price with their lives, families, life savings, jobs. YOU OWN THIS.
Are you going to support legislation to prevent 45 from limiting Mueller's investigation?  It is in the best interest of the country.
@CardboardCoryCO has a better showing just walking out the door. Speak to your constituents like you're supposed to do. #copolitics
Thanks but when are you going to protect Coloradoans from the crazy person in the White House? It's time!
https://vimeo.com/27790825 
Will you, or will you not vote to impeach? History is watching.
What happened to your Town Hall in Pueblo #Coward Cory? Don't have the balls or time to visit?
You’ve TOURED .@NREL so you should know better than the #GOP party-first nonsense you’re bleating. Either you’re corrupt or dimwitted.

Gonna be pretty lonely in Senate RINO patch after 2018.
#25amendment
THREAD - To all my Twitter friends: I need to get something off my chest. I have spent the majority of my adult life working with and 1/34
Senator, did you speak about Russian cyber interference and election tampering w/ propaganda that gave Trump his victory?!?
If Trump walks us into nuclear war, responsibility will rightfully fall you Republican shoulders that allowed an incompetent to remain.
Those that live will vilify you.
You are vilified now for your craven stance in the face of an immature, idiot bully president. You epitomize the sickness rampant in party.
Blah blah...something about how I was at work and could t make it and it's really unfair.   -every democrat in Colorado
Maybe you could listen to some of your constituents who know more about this than you do?
To have a true a Energy policy you must support the #RFS
2020
#townhall
Where’s Cory

I was under the impression that Trump and the GOP plan on using white power to energize America. Wasn't that the plan?
Remember who you work for, CO! You don't work for Donors or Trump or McConnell. An all-of-the-above watching you, not getting a second term.
How about insuring that admin stop sabatoging the ACA?  Your silence in the matter speaks volumes.  You are all about tax breaks for top 1%
He's not just complicit, @SenCoryGardner is ecstatic about taking healthcare away from millions of Americans.  He's leading the charge.
Can you meet with your constituents?
All of the above is not a strategy.  If everything is priority, nothing is.  How about green energy policy?
The decrease in royalty rates on Fed  leases will cost CO millions in lost revenue. Ur support of DOI Zinke is to the detriment of CO.
I still want to see you in Colorado Springs with a few days notice this time. Make time for us here. Please!  You know Trump is nuts 
You know folks like me are concerned .   But you seem to ignore the situation!
Yes we need to enhance cyber security, bring home jobs and invest in our future. Whiners are sure active this morning. Did you miss out? 
When are the trumps going to bring their manufacturing to the USA?
How about you and your colleagues work to save us from the mentally ill, delusional man in the White House?
Thief & liar 
No “all of the above.” You are pocketing oil money at the cost of destroying the planet AND the economy. Make the pivot, lead Colorado.
One suggestion to you is actually read and respond to your comments. Either that or give up on social media. You suck at it.
Cherry picked crowd. Hold that town hall. We need to tell you all about your despicable voting record and hypocritical talk with no action.
But you have no time for the people that you want to vote for you. Let's see how that works out.
You might be the unrivaled king of safe spaces. Kudos I guess.
HAHAHAHA! Soooo true
Address this and protect your constituents. Stand up instead of kowtowing to your big energy donor.
Breaking News: The EPA chief plans to repeal President Obama’s signature climate policy http://nyti.ms/2fXn1C7 
I hope you are able to explain why POTUS thinks 80,000 coal jobs are more important than 800,000 renewable energy jobs?
Hey, how about getting the impeachment train started. #45 is going to start WWIII to stay in power. He is out of control...silence from @GOP
Do you find it funny that he still hasn't implemented the  sanctions? That's right, the @GOP washed through PAC's by the freighter load

When will you speak about incompetence of Trump to lead our nation, as did @SenBobCorker Trump is unfit. We need a new Pres. #ImpeachTrump
But turning a blind eye to the unfit, unamerican Russian asset you helped put in the White House.  #GardnerIsComplicit #WWIII
Why are you complicit with the incompetent leader in the white house? Why did you turn your back on the people of Colorado? How do you sleep at night?
a) we want a *sustainable* energy strategy
b) lack of cybersecurity is the reason Trump is in WH
c) what's the news on #PuertoRico?
From the Green (energy) Mile: "Unelectable man talking - unelectable man talking"
Looks like a packed house and excited crowd
He’s meeting the paid donors, as always, instead of representing his constituents.
I was in the room and I'm not a paid supporter (of his).  Senator Bennet spoke too. Plenty of candid Q&A from both of them.
How about speaking up about the lunatic the @GOP put in the WH? Egomaniac will harm this country for decades YOU OWN THIS Cory!
