Praying for those hurt & killed today in Charlottesville. This is nothing short of domestic terrorism & should be named as such.
Too late now to save face. While I voted for you last time I won't again and I hope many others won't as well.
On both sides
You're still butt hurt that Antifa is a DNC domestic goon squad?
I voted for you-now wonder why. Suggest you read & understand this before making greater fool of yourself Senator.
When are you going to call EVIL for what it is BLM & ANTIFA, oh you ok with those domestic terrorist
Did you read read the presidents statement on Sat then again on Monday He did call these groups evil and not who we are as Americans
How much crack did you smoke? As I recall Obama would not even say the words radical Islam put the pipe down dude
And he did ...dont try to make something out if nothing
Would be out to either shame me for not "standing by the pres" or his super PAC,spending 9 figures to  just outright oust you that's the GOP
Here's his name and his words
Hes a Disgusting Evil Person  ..Hes A Relic..So Old he looks like Hes ready to be embalmed..The walking Dead..too evil too lie down!!  
I  Former  crisis actor! I believe  Democrats will perish! What It  had done to me!
Actually not you cretin. Protest was peaceful - they have that right no matter how repugnant their views - till Antifa initiated violence!
Just wanted to check in on this and see if you're planning on following up with any actual actions? Thanks!
You have is wrong. @POTUS did call evil by it's name. It's time you back bald the President.
Do you understand English ? President condemned white supremacists already. But president must condemn alt-left &ultra violent leftist gangs
And his name is corygardner #boughtandpaidfor
We can only hope both sides are condemned for Nazi members. They both are openly Nazi. ANTIFA wears Nazi badges
You do know ANTIFA has openly Nazi members right? Are you going to condemn them by Legislation also?
SO do you believe Atifa are terrorist?
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …

73% Say Freedom of Speech Worth Dying For - Rasmussen Reports™ http://m.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/lifestyle/general_lifestyle/august_2017/73_say_freedom_of_speech_worth_dying_for …
Its was ALSO ANTIFA n BLM...They Are All Terrorists !!!
PRESIDENT TRUMP has spoken out AGAINST WHITE SUMPREMACISTS FOR MANY YEARS, CORY.  WHERE WERE YOU???
So what do we have due process for?  The hell of it?  I'll call the EVIL BY NAME Governor Terry McAuliffe for starters.  Guilty!
The President called them out. He called them all out. There is guilt on both sides for the riots. Be brave, recognize the truth.
What about ANTIFA?
The president said that. He also said all involved were hate groups and they are. BLM ANTIFA, KKK, Wt Supremacist, all the same. U R coward
Whoa, so you do have testicles after all..?!?!  To this point in your term, who would have known??
I was shocked to see this spineless senator tweet this out. Must have paid someone else to do it on his account.
Honestly, he's scared shitless he'll be voted out and getting desperate. Ducking constituents for months, hiding under his desk; pandering
He's been pretty pathetic to say the least. Moving his office shows how scared he is of the truth and the people confronting him.
My friend offices in same bldg in CoSpgs and said he hadn't been in for months/weeks one point. Protestors every day, but not Cory
Sounds about right. Scared to show his face after he's represented this state in a way that doesn't reflect a majority of the CO people.
He was on @9News last week and looks like a very nervous and scared incumbent; in over his head and sensing an upcoming election loss.
Sounds about right. A lot of republicans are feeling the pressure for the 2018 election.
So you saying we have 63 million Russian Nazi's with voting RIGHTS?
Ok I get it the white supremacist are evil and bad but so are the radical Islamic sect and left hate monger so let's call it all as it is.
Yet while we dedicate billions to fighting Islamic terrorists, we do virtually nothing to counter domestic terrorism by Neo Nazi groups
Or the left wing that go into cities and destroy businesses and attack people who don't agree with THEIR views. My pt is all are wrong!
Not arguing stating it's the same thing
The difference being, of course, that the white supremacist march actually resulted in deaths, not just property damage. Not equivalent
Well can I remind you of the 5 police officers killed during a protest in Dallas in 2016. Just saying again and read well all is wrong.
While tragic, that was not a killing premised on racism or even partisan politics. That was a lone, vile act. Not equivalent to a movement
So Antifa gets a pass?
Yes and both sides ste guilty! Stop yrying yo appeal  to those who  already put your whote butt in the racist  category.
You intentionally failed to call out the well known black lives matter terrorist organization and #antifa . #MAGA
He DID Call them by Name he called them white supremacists SHIT!
American Traitor Do NOT censure our President 
WHILE GOP ' CONGRESS ON VACATION
THE VOTER'S OF PRESIDENT TRUMP
ARE STRUGGLING 8 YEARS' PLUS
NO VACATION! NO INSURANCE! PAYING PENALTY'S! !!
Voter's For @Potus Voted And Won!
Over Year's And still call Out Evil KKK!
Antfia ! BLM ! Ect !

You GOP Better Get Our Agenda Passed
VOTER'S OF OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP
MR.PRESIDENT HAS CALLED EVIL BY NAME ! AND STILL ADDING TO THE LIST'
QUIT UNDERMINING!
Dont want to rain on anyone's parade. But your comparing apples to oranges! 
We should take the time to do the research. 
Emotions/ leaders should put more thought into fixing the problem, not adding  to it.☻
The president is evil. Plain to see not a normal person. Loves destruction and causing pain. UNFIT MUST BE STOPPED
Which are the terrorists Cory; the group with the permit to march or those who attacked them?
I'm a registered Republican in Colorado. I cannot wait to vote for a real Republican during the next election cycle. #rino
Same thing about Dallas two years ago with police shootings and riots in the street because a cop killed a man.  Its a two way street.
He did & you not supporting the man WE elected won't help you come election time
@realDonalTrump @VP @POTUS Is this starting to ring any bells yet? You all need to be lawfully replaced immediately. Enough!
biggest evil  is CNN & Democrat u  Twist the real reason you're spreading this crap on Twitter. We see through U TRUMP TRIUMPHS UNITES USA
Thank you for publicly denouncing our ignorant, dangerous, racist President. #TheEmperorHasNoClothes Now it's time to #ImpeachTrumpNow
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @azcentral @denverpost
"Neither...qualified" - Amend. XX
#nullify2016
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @azcentral @denverpost
re: #nullify2016
[PDF] Dictatorship to Democracy http://www.aeinstein.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/FDTD.pdf …
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @TheDemocrats @azcentral @denverpost
COMING: America's March to DC
November 7, 2017
#integrity #nullify2016

You know if you really want to address the president you have to use an @ sign right?  You're being a coward here.  @POTUS
Thank you sens Gardner and Flake for calling out hate in the White House.  Country before party! Pls support change! #ImpeachTrumpNow
So how many times does he have say it to satisfy you? Fricken libtards and Rinos are all alike
Cory ,your voters are Trump supporters. If you abandon Trump your voters will abandon you. Don't be politically correct- don't go there
violence on the right is the same as violence on the left. look at the organizer. he was occupy wall street before he was alt right. wake up
He did!
Thank you for being one of the very few Reps to condemn this behavior. Now, work on your colleagues and call to #CensureTrump
If you don't use an @ then you aren't addressing the president directly.  You're hiding and pretending too behind closed doors.
How come the Barcelona attack was labeled terrorism but Charlottesville wasn't? Both targeted people with a vehicle, I'm confused!
They are NOT white supremacist. People like you are fueling the fire. you're an #EVIL #BIGOT
It was condemned along with the acts of thugs who retaliated but you turn a blind eye to that to make yourself look righteous
Thank you sir
President Trump did call out the hate and racism. Said it was EVIL
Thank you sir
May be you dirty politicians are just blind and deaf for own political gains.A decent man would never wanna become a career politician.shame
True. But it was the democratic mayor that okayed the permit knowing ensuing violence is placed at unsuspecting Trumps door. Planned evil.
These were Atifa and Black Lives Matter. But you called the Stand Down order and stopped the cops from doing their job. #GlobalAgenda
Gardner is poorly informed, just spewing the party line. Ignores the other violence. What a dolt.
Maybe instead of going against the President how about supporting him!!! Can you do that Cory or are you a democrat in disguise!!!! #WashCo
Thank you for speaking out about the white supremacists Nazi party. They are violent and their propaganda has no place in the USA!
@SenCoryGardner stands with and votes with Trump on legislative issues. And what is this fake show of using twitter to address the president
Congratulations on losing my vote! You know damn well is first statement was both accurate and sufficient. You're just another RINO!
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We need more dem and repub standing up to this Pres!!!!
Primary Gardner!
You can't condemn one side and not the other. KKK, Neo Nazi's, BLM and Antifa are all hate groups. Kelli Ward 2018 for Senate you damn flake
Where were you ever supportive of this president?  Time to primary you out of Colorado. Never Trumper RINO
I thank all the Republicans that have stood up to evil & to Trump.
Yes the alt left Antifa are domestic terrorists
60% of Republicans agree with President Trump. That fine line you're trying to walk is disappearing. Stand w/Trump.
then why were both sides given permission to protest? If so many knew it would cause violence? easy to point fingers...
Thank you @sencorygardner !
Antifa supported by BLM blocking entrances to inauguration & burning cars there was also domestic terrorism. Why did you say nothing then?
RT& ACT: CALL, EMAIL & call out News Corp 2 DEMAND Fox produce NEWS not Right Wing propaganda. 212-582-7000 info@newscorp.com
We want to preserve our Nation's heritage against anarchists & leftist thugs like ANTIFA & BLM. See-I'm not afraid to call them by name!
Sorry Cory but I stand w Trump. Heard NO racist comments from him. You don't realize how ANGRY you are making the American people.
Lots of evil people on both sides.
Thank you Jeff flake and others for standing up to my twin brother the racist potus
Domestic Terrorism killed Police Officers, and it wasn't the right who killed them in cold blood.
America saw violence from Fascist Antifa in DC, Berkeley, TrumpRallies so rioting from both sides in Charlottesville
@POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain Sens. irrational judgemnets  backing irrational descruction of history that represents the Good & Bad
There where too many violent hateful bigoted groups fighting each other to simply isolate one. Doing so would have vindicated the others.
And many many videos. 

https://www.google.com/search?q=antifa+violence&prmd=nvi&source=lnms&tbm=vid&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwirnYeoxt7VAhUGzIMKHcYuCY8Q_AUIEigC&biw=360&bih=560 …


Principled #Republicans, like you, are attacked by an unprincipled, morally challenged #GOP president/child.What is #Trump doing to the GOP?
.Mr Gardner! POTUS DID CONDEMN OVER & OVER! HE was right in saying there was violence on both sides! BLM is as racist as kkk! PERIOD!
Ask the videographer blinded by the Antifa acid attack in Charlottesville what he thinks about blaming one side. Antifa was Berkeley also
R U saying both sides were involved in terrorism? Your buddies at Antifa have flyers out for attacks on Nov 4th all over US and R recruiting
Too bad the @HouseGOP has little spine.  Except a heroic few. @SpeakerRyan is clearly silencing his clan, or maybe that should be Klan.
Good first step.  You recognize these hatemongers are terrorists.  So, please stop supporting Nazis in the Oval Office.
Thank U 4 your courage 2 speak out. Congress needs 2 censor this pres. else the Republican Party is doomed. I am a Republican who cares!

You are the swamp!  RINO
But there were alt-left people there who came with the purpose to fight with bats and even saw a flame thrower.
Just like Jeff Flake you forgot about the forgotten man!  I look forward to having the opportunity to write a check for your opponent
Well said but surely you should stand shoulder to shoulder with all those in the Senate who now think @realDonaldTrump should resign ! 
Why are you not calling him out by name Jeff Flake? What do you have to lose at his point? #StandUpToTrump
.@SenCoryGardner  Heads Up!  @realDonaldTrump has been busy hurling cyber bullying insults at @LindseyGrahamSC & @JeffFlake taking a stand.
I missed the point where they prove this was a planned attack
He did, also he called out the violent extreme leftist who showed up with violence on their mind. Both sides were at fault.
Trump haters are saying now @POTUS is a racist.. Classic liberal playbook! #brainwashedliberals #DrainTheDeepState 
 #RealFakeNews
Thank you for for standing up to our president and standing against white supremacists and terror.
Finally!
All gangs holding neighborhoods hostage have been terrorizing America, lawlessness promotion & violence  is wrong
Well Sen Gardner you need to tell Obama that the work place violence at Ft Hood was terrorism. And Benghazi was terrorism!
what a pathetic response....
followed by violence by BLM and Antifa pukes, so condemn them also
Yes and they were the also the usual DPAs (Democratic Professional Agitators). Great Job President Trump!
..Folks who go looking for trouble typically will find it. Many bad players.
Please support #potus. Evil has many faces.
Impeach him.  Quit talking.  If you love this nation and its people, send him on his way NOW!
Democrat terrorism
HATE IS HATE no matter what the group. It's Anti-American politicians that should step down
he denounced not sides. It takes TWO sides to fight. Are you a supremacist, would you fight for your race like BLM, NAACP
He did call it by its name. Do you have ears? I guess your people said all racist are republicans. The racist are the liberals who hate.
So are Antifa and black lives matter they attack and destroy .I was a Democrat until last year,not all Republicans are racist.
Did they remove half your brain when you got elected to office?  Facts are not all in yet, wait until they are b4 U judge!
He did! Failure to recognize the alt-left is your problem. Educate yourself. Where u there? When did u first learn of ANTIFA?
He called it white supremacist KKK neo-nazis I guess you need to get with the program
Thank you Senators for speaking up, as long as we have representatives like you in Washington there is hope for America. Very Grateful!
consistent with your opinions.  You and all the other anti-Trump morons in Congress and in this country.
did in Charlottesville, Berkeley, and other places over the past year was also domestic terrorism.  You need to be more
Mr. Gardner, I say Mr. because you are undeserving of being called Senator, BLM members are black racist thugs and what they
thank you for your courage and putting country before politics, we differ on our views but I know an honorable man when I see one
The violence was on both sides Senator. The Antifa has been causing violence long before this event.
there were several groups there but only one of them had a permit    The other groups come with bats had their face covered
Yes we do have to call evil by its name. INCLUDING violent hateful & deadly blm and liberal terrorists.  Why aren't you doing that Cory?
Empty platitudes &Condemnation by tweet are not enough. We expect both Rep &Dem to #25ththe45th The Majority has spoken. Inaction=Collusion
Shame on Cory for not mentioning the rest of the terrorists by name. Say it Antifa & Black lives matter are terrorists. Plenty of evidence
And yet the Dems and Obama couldn't call Radical Muslims by name either, but you didn't mind then? Why the hypocrisy?
The actions of one man was terrorism. The violence and brawling was the actions of BOTH groups. Antifa came armed for a fight and got one.
He denounced all violence perhaps u should look to the Dems they support kkk created it
You going to condemn the BLM and Antifa that started the riot, and did not even have a permit to rally?   No, I didn't think so. Sickening
Your obviously can't comprehend the English language (or
don't want to). Trumps statement on Friday was clear, if you passed the 3rd grade.
and what EXACTLY would YOU call THESES people??  Flower Children??
@DrDavidDuke & Robert Byrd were both #KKK leaders. Why do @TheDemocrats venerate Byrd but demean Duke? #hypocrites

@POTUS #DrainTheSewer
I guess rally held by @BLMNational where 5 Dallas officers were ambushed isn't important 2 u! @realDonaldTrump told the truth, ur hypocrite!
But not when a lefty tries to shoot multiple Congressmen on the ball field. Correct?
Where is racism in that???
What http://happened.Watch  all the videos u want.Two sides that day were filled with hate.What I saw on MSM was white dudes fighting white
I guess its just good PC and political points to call these groups out, so as not to get others upset, right? How about speak the truth of
Tearing down these monuments doesnt fix the real issue. Why dont u come up with that answer and stop just trying to get re-elected!
Why do we want to erase history, bad or good? Whats next? Seems to me its to create a problem.  These monuments are not a cause for racism.
The question u really need to be asking is why all of a sudden are we taking down these monuments that have been up for more 100 yrs?
U can call them out for their words but when they had a permit and the others didnt, the others were violating the law.
As long as these groups do not act on their ideas, the opinions, no matter if u disagree, are protected as every one else is by 1st
And no one else to blame. Speech is protected by the 1st amd. No violence would have happened had the other idiots not shown up.
You weren't that obsessed when an authoritarian leftist attacked republicans during an official reunion, a few months ago
Wimpy sen afraid to stand w/pres. If you want to call them out by name then do it, & move on. Instead of trying to win votes
#censuretrump 
His comments are a disgrace and an affront to everything our country stands for.
Please, please, stop him.
Some of those terrorists wer e BLM and Antifa. Make sure you include them in that statement. Or do you side with those terrorists?
