Until your leader blows up the world!  How can you stand behind Trump?

I thought we elected u here in Colorado to make change not suck up to the establishment.Very disappointed you'd choose McConnell over @POTUS
So in the battle between the erratic TV-addled madman & cynical Machiavellian, @SenCoryGardner is siding w/ the Machiavellian. Yay, I guess?
.@SenateMajLdr has the confidence of the conference to lead. I have no doubt that, working together, we'll show a better future for all.
Really, no criticism of @SenCoryGardner here. There’s not exactly a team you can be proud of rooting for in this fight, is there?
So in the battle between the erratic TV-addled madman & cynical Machiavellian, @SenCoryGardner is siding w/ the Machiavellian. Yay, I guess? https://twitter.com/SenCoryGardner/status/896045062617931776 …
He could actually, be a leader, or something.
I am reclaiming my time. You must attend to Colorado constituents.
We lost you & you will. us. Find Colorado. It's ok to look in Pueblo...but act for COlorado, get that?
Get it or your job is gotten
That's a good one.  Work together 
"Mitch shares my dearest hopes that we can strip health care from millions and give ourselves a tax break." ~ Sellout, C.Gardner
Working with POTUS will show a better future! You have senate & house because of him & we have dumb backstabbing GOP! Pathetic Gardner!
Really then pass tax cuts and health reform
I'm not sure who you are representing, the people of CO or the millionaires that are paying you off.
Mitch needs to pack it in, and so do you. He can't get things done and you lie to you constuients.
Better for all is an empty slogan. Policy facts are: take away health care, tax cuts for wealthiest. Ask yourself who is that better for?
It would be hard to have a better future if 25 million Americans lost their health insurance, wouldn't it?
Can't wait until you are reminded definitively that Colorado is a blue state.  Buh-bye
You mean the future after the fire and fury the likes of which the world has never seen?
Right now, Im unimpressed.  McCain was the no vote but you're all culpable.
You need to listen! We want the ACA or Medicare for all. Quit pandering to the GOP and vote for your CO constituents.
No, @SenateMajLdr has personally +publicly supported #WhiteSupremacists #Racists #Nazis

He should be named in all #Charlottesville lawsuits
Your support for MMs TAX BREAK 4 THE WEALTHY disguised as Health Care EXPOSED you - either:
1- you'll follow MM to hell
2- you are HEARTLESS
Cory, if you keep clinging to McConnells coattails, you WILL drown in his swamp. You've already surrendered your right to represent Colorado
Wait... You have yet too work w @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
Tangled web connects Russian oligarch money to GOP campaigns https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns … … via @dallasnews
He is pasty of the problem! True leaders don't divide!
FY2018 arrives 10/1/17, no signs that Congress will get anything but CR & Debt increase done by then.
Either way, you have proven you are UNFIT to represent Colorado.

I suggest you RESIGN NOW.
But you don't have the confidence of your constituents, so your approval of .@SenMajLdr means less than 0. Stand up for your constituents!
You mean after you guys almost destroyed the future for all?
Shut up, Gardner. B/c a majority of Coloradans no longer have confidence in your no-balls-having blind support of Trumptard ideology
Nope.
He doesn't have the confidence of the voters and we question the judgement of senators who openly support him.
I'm sorry, does that mean your both done taking it from the guy you THOUGHT would be a useful idiot, that you ended up catering to???? 
Oh man. If only youd express your opinion so clearly on say, healthcare.
What dreamland do you live in @SenCoryGardner ??? You haven't accomplished anything by choice.  Your backing of McConnell shows your colors
HELLO! Are we occupying the same galaxy?  @senatemajldr is one of the problems in the swamp called D.C. Time for change. Are you with us?
@SenCoryGardner added to the confirmed-as-RINO list.
Well that doesn't mean crap to the people out here who elected you people to support the agenda of the president we elected.
Get some guts! Face your constiuants in town hall meetings.
Really
Please get busy with POTUS's agenda. Not everyone on your Twitter feed is a liberal. You got elected by people who WANT what POTUS wants!
There is room for both @SenCoryGardner and @SenateMajLdr in this photo, and there is more than enough republican bullshit.
Who in the Trump admin is actually willing to lead, instead of barking orders like an irate chihuahua?
Where's Cory
the cluelessness continues, craven cory. how can you represent coloradans when you won't listen to us? hold a REAL TOWN HALL! at red rocks!
There is no future if Trump remains president.
We don't need Trump or you cheerleading via twitter. Stand up in front of a microphone like McCain and confront Trump. The king is naked.
A tweet worthy of Trump. Wholly lacking in substance, ignorant of the harm Trump & McConnell have wrought. Will you ever be courageous?
What does Coward Cory know about leading? He's too chicken to have a townhall with his constituents. His future is limited.
We need congressional term limits!
WTF you talkin' about Donnie!

What makes you think it will change?  The Senate needs new leadership.
I hope you've raised a ton of money and continue to do so. Spend it all in CO trying to get elected. At least your loss will be Econ boost.
This can happen when you start listening to your constituents and stop worrying about re-election
SO PASS A BILL TO TAKE THE NUCLEAR CODES AWAY FROM TRUMP!!!!!!!!!
What are you going to tell your constituents when rates go up? "Sorry, Colorado. It's just hard being a Senator when there's an R majority"?
2020
You've had 8 months and gotten NOTHING done EXCEPT obstructing the president - it's pathetic.
As a member of the Foreign Relating Cmte please release a statement condemning the reckless actions of @realDonaldTrump in his tweets on NK.
Ah, my Senator comes out of hiding. Did you repeal Obamacare? If not, expect me to donate to any challenger.
So Far You are Following Trumps Steps and that is not Good!
How much has Russia PAID YOU? Is this why you choose to look away? Are you also a TRAITOR? #Collaborator?
CITIZENSHIP
United States

Is your WITCH HUNT ever going to stop? The #Resistance needs to get a life already..
I pray for your corrupted souls, especially since you put billionaires first above your own people. Enough with repeal and replace. #Repent
Except that"together" means only within the gop
How about working for us instead of just your party? Disgraceful conduct on your part.

Then you better hurry up and unite! Learn from the D's..they unite even if all don't agree.Ditch Mitch & Ryan.Time for the swamp to go home.
fine, but the Pres doesn't have our confidence. Let's get rid of him before he does more damage to America.
Given the choice, #corythecreep supports neither Trump or McConnell.  It's the Kochs all the way for him.
You must go through a case of Chapstick a week. #StopKissingAssStartKickingAss
However, neither you nor anyone in @GOP have Coloradans confidence, hurting poor & MC with HC & tax 'reform' won't get you re-elected. SAD
Watch out or Daddy Trump is gonna give you a Twitter spanking for this show of support #GFY
Why don't you tell the Orange warmonger to stand the fuck down we don't need a nuclear war this weekend
Maybe you should be worried about the confidence of the President, that is the real problem.
http://FuckCoryGarnder.org 
Does the President have your confidence?
At what point will you finally call @realDonaldTrump out?  He's no Republican, and he is dangerously incompetent.
If you guys don't do something about preventing POTUS from first strike nukes, the future's only gonna be in the sweet bye-and-bye.
You people have done nothing 4 the people 4 8 yrs. Should we expect something different now?
Why does he have your confidence? He has done nothing to earn that trust. Unless you all lied about supporting repealing Obamacare.
You are a coward! Face your constituents for trying to take healthcare from 500k Coloradans & 32 million Americans! You will be voted out!
Ya'll couldn't work your way out of an open-ended paper bag.
Oh right! YOU all...not us. Phew! I have to remember that you guys work for each other & not for the citizens of our nation. Silly me.
Hate Trump but have to agree that 7 years and nothing to show is downright pathetic
But I thought that @realDonaldTrump said he was sad and disappointing and couldn't even take away healthcare from millions of people and
You are seriously delusional...WE don't have confidence in McConnell, Trump, Ryan or YOU. 2020 will bring change, get your resume ready.
That's called putting party over country.
Don't agree. Senate 7 years 2 #RepealAndReplace & failed. No confidence u will act on @realDonaldTrump agenda. @SenateMajLdr should resign.
we should all be afraid he WILL act on the orange Buffoon's agenda of hate, destabilizing rhetoric and foreign policy ignorance
McConnell needs to schedule a vote to protect the justice department from Trump's efforts to obstruct the Russia investigation.
Democrats are obstructionist and could give a damn about advancing this country or The People.  No compromise!
Only if he schedules a vote to guarantee subsidy payments to stabilize the ACA insurance markets until the ACA can be tweaked.
At this rate, doubtful.
Shenanigans I tell you. You're too scared to hold a town hall. @SenBennetCO has held numerous this past week. You don't care about us.
Your confidence to lead is very shallow.  You voted multiple times to take COs healthcare away. You remained silent on it. Sad
We the people who (managed somehow) are watching. #InvestigateHRC, #InvestigateDNC, #InvestigateSethsMURDER, #TeamTrump
And there you lost your Trump endorsement
If twitter had a dislike button, you'd have an impressive stat!  I hope those replying are voters in your district.
I'm hitting the 'Dislike' button and reclaiming my time!
#ImpeachTrump 
save the world.
He doesn't have the support of WE THE PEOPLE
Aside from the fact that he has never once represented the actual needs of the people, yeah.
You, MM, and the others that support the destructive GOP agenda are tearing apart our democracy. Can't wait until you're no longer my Sen.
So, trip to Disneyland, then private fundraiser. Any time for constituents over recess?
All talk! After 7 years, Americans DEMAND ACTION!  Get it done, or resign! Make no mistake, All RINO's and RAT's will be voted OUT
Glad to hear but it's because of cnsrv Repubs that you folks are where you are! So stop the talk, get to work and deliver on your promises!!
The majority of the US has no confidence in the @GOP or current admin. #25thAmendmentNow
Cute you think groveling for McConnell = positive effect for you. If you had even 1 real town hall, you'd have known how wrong you are.

Huh.  No doubt that working together will provide solutions?  Since when? This morning at 9:26am?
Wish I could say that after healthcare Colorado constituents have confidence in you.  No reelection for you
How about you IMPEACH the lunatic in the WH who is going to kill us all.
Aren't you trying to close the gate after the cows got out? I think you showed The people who you stand behind.
Are you kidding Cory? McConnell will be under investigation for accepting laundered money. So will Ryan. That's our future! Thanks.
We need a real Maverick in the Senate
From a guy who has zero confidence to hold a town hall in the metro area this tweet must be humiliating. Do you run your own account?
We have no confidence in you @SenCoryGardner
You're a bum.  Will be great to see you go.
A quote straight from Koch, I'm sure.

Remember when you both voted to take healthcare away from 32 million Americans? 2020 can't come soon enough #OneTermCory
Only 11 million enrolled in Obamacare.  Where did you get 32 million?
Confidence? Where is your conference to face constituents? You are a one term Senator.
I don't! You don't listen to or care about your constituents or Americans! We want healthcare not tax cuts for rich & corporations!
Wait Wha? So divisive partisan politics, getting nothing accomplished is leadership?
I beg to differ I call this Pathetic...
Why? Remember how he screwed you all with that terrible healthcare bill? Standing by Mitch is why you dropped from 27 to 24% approval.
Your best political call in Colorado is to back McConnell? Nice work on... oh yeah #republicans can't pass bills. #MoveOn
Like the glorious future you envisioned when you voted to strip healthcare from millions? Slightly dystopian Cory.
Obama, Pelosi and Reid are guilty.  I have not been able to afford insurance for 3 years.  No Government Healthcare
So since you haven't been able to afford healthcare, it's sensible to make healthcare unavailable to tens of millions more? Gotcha.
2020 can't come fast enough! #resign already
.@SenMajLdr needs to get back to work! No need to pay anyone that doesn't work hard to repeal Obamacare as promised.
To be honest, I have no confidence in you, @SenMajLdr, your conf, or @realDonaldTrump. The last seven months haven't shown the GOP can lead.
GOP can lead, if the obstructionist party democrats were interested in Country and not an agenda.
Where is your confidence to hold a town hall for your constituents?
Just not feeling it.  There's a REASON Trump got elected and the long-timers are fighting it. Sad to see you go along to get along.
How about working together with democrats on health care?
Democrats are not interested in working with anyone.  Repeal and don't replace.  Healthcare back in the private sector.
If u can't afford it now, you won't with repeal & replace either. Insurance companies are the problem but Fox News hasn't told u that right?
Actually, you are wrong.  Millions of Americans including myself were able to afford  a lot, before obama's economy.
He had the ability and chutzpah to fuck Obama out of a scotus seat. So maybe the MJ is just reaping the karma he sowed.
Or. Not.
Give me a break! You guys don't know how to work for a living! Stop the BS, blah, blah, blah! Prove me wrong & I'll apologize!
Face it - Chuck Schumer is in charge of the Senate.  And those propping up McConnell are letting that happen.
You and @SenateMajLdr tried and failed to take healthcare away from millions. I have no confidence in your ability or integrity.
Don't worry, if We the People cannot repeal, we will simply defund, or wait for Obamacare to fail.
Have you read the news lately?
Not with what you have done thus far.  #GOPDisaster
Well isn't that special? He doesn't have the confidence of the country, but obviously that doesn't mean anything to you.
He has lost the confidence of Americans.  Most ineffectual majority in modern history.  Actively attacks conservatives.  He needs to go.
you are either blind or lying wind bag.
Our nation is in danger like never before. You must stand up to the crazy criminal in the White House
Omg Garder seriously
Is this tweet a requirement ahead of your joint fundraiser in Denver? https://www.csindy.com/coloradosprings/mitch-mcconnell-gradner-to-attend-gop-fundraiser-in-denver/Content?oid=6490348 … #copolitics
Anyone donating to @SenCoryGardner is wasting their $$$$. He & other @GOP ers will be fired by voters.
Sorry Senator, but you are out of touch. The people have spoken:
We deserve better than you and America deserves better than both of you.
McConnell needs to leave.
As a constituent, not seeing it. It seems pushback on @POTUS agenda is your primary motivation now. Should have stayed in D.C. this month.
Who cares about the conference? The American people want somebody else in charge.
Can US Intelligence contain a madman with the nuclear codes? And then there's Kim Jung Un.
Here in Colorado we don't care about your bs games.  We need a senator not a hack.
Amen!
This is what you choose to stand up to Trump about?  Of all things?  CO deserves better.
You got that right.
