so did Merrick Garland.
embarrassing
2020
Disgusted by your hypocrisy. We are fired up now. Dems will start showing up now.
You were wrong to change the rules. History will judge all of you!
Bill Ritter FORMER governor. GOP appalling wrecking ball. Gorsuch anti worker, anti woman, super rightwing. Stolen Wrong
Gorsuch is Wrong person... Way too extreme... Republicans Unconstitutionally stole SCoTUS appointment..
If you're listening to your employers, we've said "NO" pretty loud and clear. Now you've done away with a critical part of checks & balances
Merrill Garland deserved an up or down vote!
damn autocorrect. merrick
hypocritical stance, have you.
Being a swell fisherman does not mean he should get a SCOTUS seat, especially under these circumstances.
No, this Independent Coloradoan believes you *should* have voted for Garland and you should *not* rewrite the law for partisan purposes.
McConnell: ‘Nuclear option’ helps Senate. McCain: ‘Whoever says that is a stupid idiot.’ i.e Cory misogynist patsy
GorsuchNOT qualified for SCOTUS. America votes and you changed the rules. You are a traitor! Why doesn't GOP go to Russia, not wanted here
'Women manipulate maternity leave' plagiarist,corporatist-no moral core-perfect mascot for sick Pubs like you=big mistake
So did Merrick Garland but that didn't matter to you did it?
Did it feel good to dismantle a check to power? You are an embarrassment.
No we don't think he deserves a vote till after the Russia investigation is over! #trumpRussia
Or we would have rather have had Mr. Garland.
This Coloradan preferred the checks and balances that our founding fathers set in place and that you and the GOP have now destroyed.
Who's behind the $10 million in dark money supporting his nomination?  DeVos gave you $50k for a reason.  What is the reason with Gorsuch?
I've never watched one of your silly, self-serving videos, and I don't plan to start.  Bet you'd make a great game show host, though.
You should watch them in order to properly criticize. Shouldn't criticize someone on hearsay.
Plenty to criticize just by looking at his record.
We know best he's BAD!
We will remember this in 2020.
No Cory - you are wrong.
Garland deserved a vote too, you sold your country. #Shame #Hypocrite  #POTUS under #FBI probe shouldn't get #SCOTUS pick.
I believe you mean a "down" vote.
@SenateGOP LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE GARDNER! This #Colorado voter says #NoGorsuch. Smile now you snake oil con man, WE WILL REMEMBER! #Resist
So why didn't you offer that to Garland? Did he not deserve that same courtesy? Your hypocrisy is unmatched
How the fuck would you know what we believe? When have you given us an opportunity to be heard? We want a town hall!
the ppl of #colorado know #hypocrisy when they see it and believe that while #gorsuch  has a fine legal mind the #gop has no morals. #soTiny
It will give my great honor to attend every single one of the protest against you in 2020. You will be my project
Hello world. These are the 50 Senators who voted to monitor your internet activity for financial gain. 
You voted for this judge who is against the people! You voted wrong! #yourlastterm
Vote to change senate rules making our judiciary biased political extension is yet more proof that you put party above country or democracy
You are a hypocrite and will be remembered for your votes. You do not represent the best interests of CO or USA
Nope
Coward!!
No.
Vote NO on Gorsuch
You voted for the nuclear option. Yes, Gorsuch deserved an up or down vote and so did Garland.  Changing rules to get your way is disgusting
Hello Colorado your senator is missing.
No he doesn't.  The game was changed by you Cons so the Dems will do what they need to.  Cory you'll be voted out 2020.
Merrick Garland
Reports say RU has tons of Intel on politicians yet 2b revealed.What does Putin have on you?A Prz undr investigation shd not get SCOTUS pick
After you vote on the last nominee.  This is a lifetime appointment of a man that gives more consideration to corporations than people. no
And when the vote doesn't go your way you change the rule like a good puppet.  You no longer serve Coloradans.   Your a Trump rubber stamp
Why didn't Merrick Garland deserve a vote? #NoNuclearOption
BTW the first sentence of your Twitter bio is demonstrably false.
We'll remember GOP traitors who nominated disastrous SC pick by someone under investigation for collusion with foreign govt over elections.
Hey Cory, if 97% is good enough for Gorsuch, why isn't it good enough for climate change? #climatedenier #GOPhypocrisy
No, they're not all of this belief. Regardless, majority vote for Supreme court pic is stupid. I hate your decision. Sad for democracy.
BTW, your post vote debate is ridiculous. Gorsuch is a pic by illegitimate president. Get it?
You are a Traitor to our democratic  Process. This makes everything you do from now on suspect! I am sick to my stomach. Literally.
Did you feel the same way about Merrick Garland?
The GOP wouldn't even allow Merrick Garland a committee hearing.  Stop being a hypocrite.
Did @SenCoryGardner just vote to go nuclear? You will be a 1 term Senator .
Merrick. Garland. And I am a person of colorado.
Yeah, we thought the same thing of Merrick Garland. No thanks for breaking our democracy by holding SC seat hostage.
Are you kidding me ? The people who knew Garland .... OMFG..... where does this sudden sense of fairness come from !!!!
#adiosIN18 #adiosIN20
No we don't 
Vote no on Gorsuch!
I live in CO & am astounded by your hypocrisy. 1. #MerrickGarland and 2. Pres. under investigation by FBI should not be nominating anyone.
Do not use "nuclear" option. If does not have enough votes wait until #Trumprussia  issue finished and start over.
What about Garland? Don't compromise our democracy for this.
Nuclear option is as dangerous as the Russian interference in our election. @SenateGOP will stoop to anything to get their way sick
The man is being backed by dark money is a plagiarist against woman's health freedom he's wrong for our country Mercer family bought you
No, Senator. I'm one of your constituents and I have called to let you know I do not want him confirmed.
No, no we don't. But you'd know that if you ever showed up to a town hall.
Not everyone in Colorado feels that way senator.  Including this lifelong constituent!
don't speak for me. CO native here. I don't support Gorsuch I DO NOT support GOP going nuclear.   Say goodbye to democracy.
Is there any chance @SenCoryGardner gets another term? No right?
The rules should NOT be changed!!
A down vote!
Great. If he does it recieve enough votes, why change the rules? If he is filibustered, why change the rules? Question : Merrick Garland?
Do the moral thing and vote no, trump is under FBI investigation and he's setting the world on fire.  Please vote NO for once!

Merrick Garland
No on Gorsuch. No on the "nuclear option". He was evasive, showed poor judgement, and you're a tool.
pls. reconsider. changing the rules for #gorsuch will delegit the senate and court. it was wrong to deny #garland hrgs.
As 1 of your voting constituents, I disagree.
You are a party loyalist who will confirm Gorsuch, despite the voices of those you "represent" and distort the constitution in the process.
Coward Cory, this Colorado Democrat thinks you and your fellow Republicans are hypocrites. Gorsuch deserves a filibuster.
He can have an up or down vote after Merrick Garland gets one.
I am a person of Colorado and I think you should back up and vote on Merrick Garland, up or down, before voting on the plagiarist.
The people of Colorado who know Gorsuch want you to vote NO. He places corporate greed above human rights.
The same was said about Judge Garland, yet I don't remember your vote, up or down.
Not via writing your own rules for the occasion. 'Nuclear Option' sucks any respect and true leadership from Senate.
not while the   POTUS who nominated him is under investigation by the FBI!
Not with the question of presidential collusion with #Putin in the wings. #2020isComing @SenCoryGardner. Just you wait.
We also knew Merrick Garland should have gotten the same thing. #hypocrite
he does not!! Colorado has spoken and said No! But you ignore us. Sellout
What happened to Garland? Explain that first! Hypocrite!
NO nuclear option...80138 If Gorsuch has to be sacrificed, so be it.
No vote till Russia investigation complete! #noGorsch. He is too political for Supreme Court
It has to wait until the Russia inquiry is over.
Where was your tweet supporting a vote on Merrick Garland?
can you explain why Garland did not deserve even getting hearings? Trump is under FBI investigation #fakeNominee
Wrong. #plagiarism is not acceptable, ever!
No. You do not speak for us.
Uh NO!  Just bc from Co is No reason 2 vote 4 him. We hv 2 vote u out
You would know what you're constituents really want if you weren't too scared to hold a legit townhall.
Wrong
So did Garland.
No we don't.  I told your office that yesterday
People of COLO do NOT support Gorsuch NOR the Nuclear Option. So disappointed in what you are voting on.
So did Merrick Garland.
So did Merrick Garland!!! But you don't care you hateful @GOP. You're bought and paid for!! Can't wait until 2018, we'll vote you out!
So did Merrick
have you noticed that nobody who follows you on twitter ever agrees with you?  That's a problem!  You don't rep CO well.
Merrick says hi
not at all true
Perhaps, but didn't Merick Garland deserve at least a hearing?
Vote against Gorsuch. Nuclear option is untenable. Do what is right for the country.
Hey people of Colorado. Don't let him put words in your mouths. Phone him up and let him know what you think and ask him to be fair.
A bit hypocritical when Merrick Garland never got a vote. Don't you think?
Really?A lot of your constituents below in the comments disagree with your statement.
Please vote against Gorsuch. Ok, not likely but u will get my call tomorrow anyway
Yes, and so does Merrick Garland.  Don't pretend you don't get that.
The wonderful people of Colorado think Garland should have had a hearing. Gorsuch is the wrong choice. #StopGorsuch
No. No. No. #WeWillReplaceYou
I don't even think you believe half the garbage that comes out of your mouth!!  The people of CO say no to Gorsuch
@SenBennetCO  DON'T BREAK THE SENATE
no we don't and we having been leaving you and Bennet messages saying so! @SenBennetCO
Merrick Garland
Not this Coloradoan!  Stop playing partisan politics and start listening to your constituents. You are misrepresenting us!
Vote no on Gorsuch
And a lot of them think that you should not confirm him to the Supreme Court.
Oh really? Just like the Merrick Garland vote? Can't believe you had the nerve to suggest this! No vote until we know more: #Trumprussia
No most of regular citizens in Colorado don't want him just businesses and they are NOT people no matter what you say
... and many Coloradoans would have liked an up-or-down vote for Garland.
No. I am from Colorado, and I think Garland deserved a hearing. #IAmNotPaid
The problem is that it's not Trumps seat to fill. You and the rest of the Republicans know you crossed a line with Garland.
You have too be ...am at a loss for words.
Down
Absolutely...for the next vacant seat.  Merrick Garland should have gotten an up/down vote.
Because we know him is why we don't want him! Vote NO Senator Gardner
Another Colorado here. I don't think Gorsuch is qualified. I also think you should put country over party & stop supporting treasonous POTUS
People of CO think Gorsuch should have an up/down vote?  Sure, but not until Garland gets one.  No nuclear option, and no on Gorsuch...
80303 Coloradan who wants Merrick Garland get his up or down vote first and then for investigations to fully clear 45 before he can appoint
How arrogant are you to think a smarmy video could elicit constituent support for a man who avoided answering questions at his hearing.
With respect @SenCoryGardner, how would you know, since you will not meet with us for a face to face town hall?
I believe he does deserve an up or down vote and I believed that #MerrickGarland deserved the same. #hypocrit
Disgustingly hypocritical to push through Gorsuch without giving #MerrickGarland  a fair hearing. #NoOn
No SCOTUS appt by Trumplethinskin should be considered until a thorough investigation of election is complete. What about #MerrickGarland?
Confirm Merrill Garland 1st.
So did Merrick Garland, but he was denied that by the very same people who are insisting on up or down now. This is hypocritical.
You are DT. Enjoy it.
Gorsuch appealed to both parties until Congressional Dems decided to behave as badly as the GOP with "No". Work for more Yes; Fix O-care
NO HE DOESN'T, STILL WATCHING YOU!
gfys cory, i think he should be filibustered for being dangerously partisan
You are ignoring the "people of Colorado"!  We do NOT want Gorsuch!!!  He is ANTI-WOMAN, ANTI-LGBTQ, ANTI-PEOPLE W DISABILITIES. NO!
Is that what your constituents want, or what you personally want? Did you give Garland an up/down vote? You are such a hypocrite!!! SAD!!!
Merrick Garland deserved an up or down vote first Cory 
after merrick garland gets the same. ..
In real life, people want D.C. to function on our behalf! Don't care about Dem vs GOP scorecards in D.C. Work for Coloradans today. W/Benet
What are your plans after January 21, 2021?
Merrick Garland though... #hypocrisy
When there's an investigation of Russian interference in our election there is damn good reason to delay this vote for at least a year!
All judges deserve an up or down vote.
been a lot of Colorado democrats saying no, actually.
You've got a typo there, you meant to say #MerrickGarland
Denver Post agrees that Gorsuch IS a good choice. Bennet should agree. Dems MUST stop tit-for-tat old history (Garland) just as GOP must.
Yes because we common citizens are super familiar with out appellate judges @SenCoryGardner #StopGorsuch
NUKE OPTION is low, VERY LOW. Support Americans, support Coloradoans, NOT PARTY! Need town hall meeting....80537
No he doesn't. Garland deserved the up or down vote. You wouldn't even consider him. You don't get to play the "not fair" card. #hypocrisy
Merrick Garland.
then it has to be a down vote.  No lifetime appointment with the admin under investigation.  Listen to CO!
Sleaziest response yet.
I demand that Garland gets an up or down vote first. My zip code is 80302.
now you fight for fair? 
Sell out.What kind of deals do u have with him? The people of Colorado actually want a NO vote. But have you ever been honest? #StopGorsuch
@SenCoryGardner I thought you said we shouldn't vote on SC justices during a Presidential campaign? Trump has already started 2020 campaign!
And the people of #Colorado say #StopGorsuch.

Here are who own @SenCoryGardner:
You evidently haven't been listening to your phone messages, reading your emails or mail, or paying attention to your social media, then.
Gorsuch values corporations over people. #overturncitizensunited
#judgeGarland deserves an up or down vote.  Bigly, sad! You are so #fake!
This person of Colorado (80206, #imnotpaid) would rather Obama's nominee had the same courtesy. Have Trump nominate Merrick Garland.
Losing the twitter again, I see.  Coloradan's never heard a this guy.  The federalist society is a pox on the judiciary.
I'm sure people know & like Garland, too. #garlandnotgorsuch #80111
We also felt that Merrick Garland deserved a vote, and you didn't give a hoot about that. Why the change of heart?
Where were you a year ago?
Gorsuch needs 60 votes to be confirmed - it shouldn't be a simple majority #copolitics
#ConfirnGarland then we'll talk
