My Healthcare Tax Relief Act delays the Affordable Care Act's “Health Insurance Tax” for one year. Learn more here: https://goo.gl/1YbjsP 
Universal healthcare might work?
There's an ongoing bipartisan effort aimed to doing just that. If you truly want a solution that works for everyone, you should join them.
Also, costs were out of control long before the ACA. This is a much bigger problem than that, and ignoring it is a prescription for failure.
Fix the bill...tons of ideas out there. EXPERIMENT and measure. Stop wasting time and our tax payer $ on repeal.
Please urge GOP to work with democrats on a solution for all Americans and not just a few or the rich. #wedemandsolutions #notbandaids
I have #preexistingconditions  that before the ACA , Insurance companies refused to cover.
Damn good thing I dont.  I lost my Doc and my plan when Obamacare passed.
it is unfortunate that your Doctor and insurance company did not eat to cooperate.
TRY some hard work Cory...work together with the Dem's, SME's and improve the ACA. Drill down to root cause and FIX IT. Do your damn job!
As a little twit who supports the crazy, bigoted Roy Moore of Alabama,, you are an embarrassment. Your kids will hide their faces in shame.
PLEASE STOP PLAYING POLITICS AND WORK WITH DEMOCRATS TO CREATE SOMETHING THAT WORKS FOR EVERYONE...
Fix it that all
The top 1% had a 0.9 % tax increase. That's not most of the people that you're elected to SERVE! Work on something that helps WE THE PEOPLE
Can we all get CHIPS?  We pay taxes for some to get Medicaid, some  to get CHIPS, some( Federal employees) to have great health insurance.
Cory, you and the Republicans had 8 years to fix problems with the ACA  yet all you did was vote to destroy. Don't come crying now.
Such a liar you are. ACA is failing due to actions of Repubs & not for any other reason. Little Marco, Tom Price, you and your R colleagues.
Repeal and Replace.
High costs were created by the GOP because you all are ideologically opposed to Obama & the ACA. You're being unethical tweeting this stuff.
It doesn't look like that is your intention from the last horrible bill you SURELY WOULD HAVE VOTED FOR. You are not on our side.
Bs you are so full of. Don’t trust a thing you say. Will not forget your smug face standing next to the rest of the republicans
Smart people don't pay the tax
Exactly right! That's why I'm giving the $400/mo it'll cost to insure my newborn directly to rich people and hope my baby never gets sick.
Single payer would reduce premiums. Everyone pays. Everyone benefits.

No. You you need to fix the problems with A.C.A.  The cost of healthcare.
The high costs are a result of the GOP's efforts to block full implementation of the ACA & the uncertainty created in insurance markets
Lying 4votes is bad ACA needs your support. Killing citizen's to save .0012% of budget- like starving your dog to save on the electric bill
Then maybe you should cap insurers. Not that hard to figure out  who is gouging Americans Cory! You are making this harder than it needs 2b
How about relief for the people of Puerto Rico who need real relief, not a fake crisis?
Perhaps @SenBennetCO forgets about the millions wrecked by the ACA and is only concerned about keeping it intact.
This is the best you can do? Lying?
Try the bipartisan approach. I've heard rumors that it's worked in the past.
The costs are not created by the ACA. Stop the disingenuous garbage
Who is paying you off? We know that's the way you go!
No shit Sherlock.
Start by resigning
Improve the ACA. Stop trying to destroy it. Most Americans want the ACA to stay
No.  We dont.
Senator Gardner, give it up. The majority of your constituents have shown support for ACA. Use your power to support the ACA.
Start listening to your constituents to learn how to make changes.
Then fix the problem of O'care. Your friends across the aisle will help!
Target insurance companies & pharmaceutical companies that gouge consumers. Medical care is expensive when we still want to profit first.
We need to have real bipartisanship when looking at those avenues
Didn’t Hillary have an actual plan? Start there.
Sen Gardner, stop worrying about repealing "Obamacare". Be a leader, create new legislation that provides affordable Health Care for all.
We need to show this ass-hat to the door in 2020 along with whatever, whichever GOP Stuge is in the White House.
He's "in charge" of the GOP effort in 2018, & he's shitting himself over drop in DONATIONS. Donors don't want $ going to Trump's Legal Bills
Y'all notice how Cory never REPLIES to any of us? He could not give a shit what happens to US. He licks the boots and BALLS of BIG MONEY!
American Action Forum is a PAC created to make the Rich RICHER and the Poor POORER! THEY ARE YOUR SUPPORTERS, Not the REAL People of COLO!
Work across the aisle to make it better and stop trying to ram repeal through!
Maybe try making the #ACA work. Blue collar guy says it's good legislation so long as states cooperate.
Yeah, let's have another fake GOP plan put forward, please.
It's called #medicare4all and you should consult @BernieSanders about signing on.
one way to reduce cost per person (which what I assume you meant) is to get all to participate. 7 years and GOP has nothing?
... the high costs created by the Affordable Care Act.  Prove it.
ObamaCare is the best option.
Just writing your own ticket to unemployment @SenCoryGardner
Tax cuts for the rich and big business don't help. Need to increase coverage. Can't do that without a public option
Cory my life is on the line and so's your job.  No pressure
Wtf, Cory...Mitch pulls the plug and all of a sudden you have an opinion. LISTEN TO WHAT YOUR CONSTITUENTS WANT, don't just make shit up.
Cory you have 28 likes compared to 184 comments of Coloradoans telling you they don't believe your LIE. Come to Jesus and get bipartisan.
Cory it is an outright lie that ACA is to blame for higher costs. You republicans killed the "public option" of ACA, so YOU increased costs.
I really think if big pharma, big healthcare and the @GOP don't fix it now - single payer is gonna run all 3 out of business.  #doh!
I can't wait until we can replace you with someone that cares about the health of Coloradans.
Where's Cory you have done nothing for your constituents!
Agreed. That was OBAMA'S MESS, DESIGNED TO IMPLODE! Too bad these MORONS who responded to you are so easily lied to!! #Colorado
Can we get some Drs, that accept Medicaid?? No knee specialist in the state is accepting it
Lies, try improving what we have that helps millions and please, stop supporting that insane 45
I thought the GOP had a plan? WTF how many times did the GOP vote to repeal the ACA? Work with the Democrats to improve it!
AND those avenues MUST ALSO cover those with pre ex. conditions, the disabled, the poor, etc. with no $$ hiike as high risk. #nostatewaivers
How many times do we have to vote your ideas down before you start understanding what we Coloradoans want???
What are your ideas and why won't you talk about them? Asked your office staff 100s of times, no answers. Talk to us abt healthcare.
Have you worked in a bipartisan way to accomplish this?  The ACA didn't build this. The for-profit health insurance industry did.
The high costs are NOT because of ACA. You really should STOP spreading misinformation.
#ACA did not create high healthcare costs, #insurancecompanies pharmaceutical and health providers colluded to raise costs. Get a clue!
The assumption that the ACA increases the cost of healthcare more than without it is unsupported by the data.
Why should Colorado GOP voters believe that GOP Congress has either capability or intention of doing anything but driving up costs?
You need to work please in a bi-partisan way to shore up the Affordable Care Act in place of destroying the good parts in it!
And ensure that chronically ill and low income Americans can get affordable insurance.
We need to provide everyone with health insurance and need to prevent tax breaks for the rich! You need to vote no on GrahamCassidy
Fix and stabilize the ACA, and insurance cos. won't jack the premiums. Ins. cos. already said that Trump's sabotage was creating price hikes
again what groups non political have you asked advice / help? AARP? AMA? American Cancer society? American Red Cross?
You're only starting NOW? 
BIPARTISAN WORK TO IMPROVE THE ACA IS WHAT WE WANT
STOP PRETENTING HIGH COSTS STARTED WITH THE ACA. FFS, is the GOP this intent on pretending everything is Obama's fault? ACA helped millions!
Your wealthy donors don’t like it but the HIT helps fund expanded health care. Do something constructive for a change!
Then either give us the same health plan enjoyed by federal govt or stop exempting yourselves from healthcare voted on by you. #FairIsFair
You want to give relief to the American people, pass single payer...
I agree, repeal ACA, don't repair but the last 3 Senate proposals are ridiculous, doing nothing to reform tort law or prem-HC-drug costs.
Cory Gardner is a representative of his corporate donors not of the people of Colorado.
Then work with democrats as you are meant to!  You behind closed doors wheeler and dealer.  This is your first and last term.  Enjoy
Here's the thing Cory, you need to stop with the lies before you can really address the problem.
You need to be out of office.
Cory, let it go and focus on the high cost of medical care for all and why we pay 2x in USA and can't cover all... That would be useful.
7 Years A Failure of a Plan.
You and the GOP need to get insurers to step up and stop gouging their subscribers! They need to be regulated to do the right thing!
Single payer then.
Bipartisan effort. Stop trying to shove any old GOP pos down our throats. Talk to the democrats.
You should just Resign and take a job with Koch!
Like passing legislation preventing Trump from withholding the cost-sharing subsidies from insurers and causing instability in the market?
Or perhaps requiring insurers to operate on a non-profit basis? Or to readdress the issues with establishing health care co-ops?
How about Medicaid expansion so high risk sick people don't ha e to purchase expensive plans? Just saying . . .
How about you start working bipartisanly to fix the problems with ACA and stop this stupid effort to repeal? #DoYourJob
Were you going to vote for or against? I'm a voting Coloradoan and am asking you respectfully for your would-be position on Graham-Cassidy
Get gov't out of health care. Anyone advocating ACA are being subsidized at the expense of others. Socialism is not the answer (Venezuela).
How about restoring the subsidies that your party sabotaged to try to intentionally destroy it?
ACA is not affordable; if you can't afford insurance and the deductables, it is not affordable insurance. Get to a market based system.
how about you work with the Dems on a plan we can all LIVE with! and stop trying to placate your donors over my healthcare. #NOTMAG
Your 15 minutes are up! You had a chance to do the right thing for Colorado voters. You remained silent. You. Are. Done. #2020
Single payer. Keeping an artificially inflated system that keep insurance companies in business is economically unsustainable.
are you trying to set a "ratio" record here? because you're close. so just keep up your inane, insipid tweets, craven @SenCoryGardner
We need to look at a single-payer system like Australia and Germany’s and design an option for the American people
Yeah, repeal it.
No on #GrahamCassidyBill
We need to look at every avenue we can to ensure all Americans have affordable, good healthcare. Like yours.
"We" ... uh Cory, just repeal it and if you can't get votes start removing no votes off all committees they sit on.  Now go walk your yorkie
except reaching across the isle like your peers to figure out a way to stabilize the market.
We need no such relief from the Affordable Care Act. GOP wants to line the pockets of health insurance companies.
They were not created by the ACA. They were created by the GOP who refused the needed adjustments to keep the process moving
This is all on you.
Here's a free idea, Cory: Abolish ICE, shrink the wasteful military budget, put the $ toward establishing single payer.
U should have been looking at every avenue 2 improve #ACA for 7 years but #GOP #Congress plotted 2 obstruct PBO on everything, Jan 20, 2009.
The ACA didn't cause high costs (beyond outlawing worthless junk ins). We have most $$ health care sys in the world. Work with Dems to fix.
Oh spare me, @SenCoryGardner !  You are acting to line your own pockets, not defend ours.
Try not siding with GOP just because it advances ur career. Side with Coloradans and make sure pre-existing is fairly and FULLY covered.
Want to help Coloradans afford #healthcare? Don't cut $4T+ in funding for Medicaid & financial assistance #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Right now US citizens in PR need insulin, dialysis, water, etc OR THEY WILL DIE SOON. Pls act to prevent imminent death in Puerto Rico
The true cost of healthcare is coming from hospitals, doctors, pharmaceuticals and insurance. Drive up prices then discount to insurance co
:) Another epic GOP fail on #GrahamCassidy I talk to ur office vm more than my own family these days. Maybe try helping the people of CO
What about the high costs and absurd policies of the for-profit healthcare industry we've been suffering under for decades?
So you're going to reduce costs by making healthcare unaffordable? Good job, Cory. HELP US, NOT THE KOCHS AND MERCERS.
High costs are created by the INSURANCE COMPANIES who are beholden to shareholders and PROFITS off the sick
Every avenue but the obvious one of universal health care, eh Cabbage Patch?
What we need is Bernie Care Medicare for all!
Vote No!!!! On Graham-Cassidy.
"Relief" for your donors = $$$ for you. This is who Cory is:
The ACA made it so I could buy affordable insurance on the exchange. Support bipartisan efforts to fix it.
It's literally evil to nickel and dime social safety nets to placate your wealthy donors. You've shown much more care for $$$ than people.
Maybe you could do something about the Executive branch undermining the law of the land (still the ACA) but you're all "party over. Country"
As a constituent with a disabled child, I have never been more upset with a politician in my life than I am with you. Total sell out for $$
Senator, you got nothing, years of bitching about ACA and you got nothing.  Either work with the Dems on this or resign now!
Why repeal something when you can work with dems like @SenBennetCO to fix it? Or are you that heartless?
You are the worst double talking, party only supporting person in Congress.  You lie to your constituents and vote against our interest
Insurance doesn't drive costs of health care up. Health care costs drive insurance up. Most Americans easily confused by this.
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill #protecthealthcare
How about working across the aisle to implement fixes to he ACA instead of digging in your heels and focusing only on Repeal/replace?
Voting for #GrahamCassidy won't provide relief.  Vote NO on this bill.
You mean "get the Koch Brothers back on board as big donors" don't you?
High cost due to Republican sabotage of the program-encouraging many insurers out of the program and eliminating healthy competition/choice
The tax:  don't make enough to pay for health care, you don't make enough to pay the tax and it is automatically waived
Would that include Medicare for all
Actually, my health care cost went way down after the Affordable Care act.
High costs are because of the health insurance and their lobbyists feeding you cash. Not because of the ACA
A bi-partisan effort to fix the affordable healthcare act is a good start @SenCoryGardner.  Maybe reach out to @SenBennetCO?
Then sponsor single payer with Sanders
Go after insurance companies and pharmaceutical manufacturers.
You need to represent us and we don't want repeal and replace, period!
Why respond to Cory he only listens to donors
@CABFund IS the answer you seek. FREE f##king HEALTHCARE FOR 15M LOW WAGE WORKERS!
...like some states not accepting Medicaid expansion & no public ability to buy into Medicare.
I call bullsh*t. WE see through you Cory.
This legislation isn't it. 20% increase in everyone's premiums & the loss of consumer protections just for GOP tax cuts for billionaires
It's called Single Payer. #HealthcareEcon101
Do the right thing. Work together with Dems and improve ACA for your constituents. Open your eyes,ears and heart. We need coverage. Not BS
The high costs were and are caused by the pharma and health care industry.  They were out of control before ACA and need regulation.
I work for the federal government & want everyone to have access to the same coverage and benefits you and I receive, senator.
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
This is Colleen of ADAPT.

I have no idea what this country is supposed to be 
First thing you do is vote NO on GC bill. Then you walk across the isle and ask Dems to work with Reps to FIX the ACA. That gets things done
SAVE IT  YOU HAD CHANCE YOU FAILED.....If you can't control collins & mcain your not suited to be senators ..any of you  FIX IT OR STFU
Protect care w/protections for pre-exhistomg conditions, no caps, Medicaid ,Medicare,fully supporting Planned Parenthood, my body my choice
Your words or your donors?
Stop with this BS and step back to really make changes that will be beneficial, not buzzword (tax, relief, costly, etc.) legislation.
Your constituents realize that you , GOP, and Admin are doing everything you can to sabatoge the ACA. You aren't doing what's right for us.
I'm very confused. If you want to help Americans with their healthcare, why do you support the Cassidy Graham bill?
How about coming out against the frickin disaster for CO constituents called Graham Cassidy. Or are you hoping for the $400m Koch money
Start with a bipartisan committee with open door discussions.
Read the linked article. "Intellectually unfit for office" was the only takeaway
You meant relief to your donors, right?
How about preserving standardized life-saving mandates like EHB's, protections for pre-existing conditions, & no lifetime maximums? Pls sir
Exactly!Without these protections you don't have a guarantee of coverage & this type of ins. Is a scam - it's not insurance!
Every avenue? That means considering single payer, which you said you'd never do. Careful w your claims, senator. They can't both be true.
Premium increases have continued but SLOWED DOWN after ACA. Stop lying to your state.
Ok I just read your statement and my anger gives me strength. Your solution to lowering premium costs is to reduce taxes on insurers?!
In what world does cutting taxes on a for-profit entity translate into reduced consumer costs? All this does in increase their profit margin
You really are bought by these companies. Take healthcare out of the hands of people that want to profit off of it.
Every action you take in healthcare only benefits for-profit insurance companies to make more money off sick and dying Coloradans.
Give me one example of a profit driven company's costs being reduced and suddenly that excess income being passed to consumer discounts.
Like any for-profit industry, the goal is to increase revenues year-over-year. Which is why premiums continue to rise.
That, market inflation, and your party creating chaos and turmoil on our health system. Everyone is hunkering down for the unknown.
Any thing EXCEPT regular order, eh?
it's not the ACÁ. Costs were outrageous before that.
There are hundreds of billions of dollars in new revenue required for hurricane relief and you want to lower taxes.
Thus far, all the GOP proposals have been disastrous.  Try working with Patty Murray and Lamar Alexander on fixing the ACA.  Stand with CO!
#Repeal #Repeal #Repeal #Repeal #Repeal #Repeal #Repeal #Repeal #Repeal
Here's a great avenue. Bold, disruptive, and the math works. http://www.thefoundationforabettereconomy.org/more-on-healthcare … @FbeFoundation
High cost was artificially created by your party to try and sink the ACA. STOP LYING.
Yr a liar. If any of yr schemes come to fruition the poor, sick and elderly will pay dearly
Will you people quit saying the ACA created high health care costs? That's a demonstrable falsehood. We're not stupid and resent this.
Stop the republican obsession on the ACA!
You must find a way to cut out cost layers. Research every other dev nations programs and find a way or take the easy path = single payer
