Any word when your masters at chamber of commerce tell you if your allowed to support the great tax plan. 45 got N Korea and PR. Do your job
Yes! Thank you for seeing this!
Little late
Finished reading healthcare bill yet?  Oh, no vote! Like having exam postponed when you haven't studied.  Now fix Obamacare with Dems.
But when residents of your own state need you to stand up and protect their healthcare.... where are you?
Senator, tell Trump to end his racist rants and help those in PR.
Shouldnt this have been said and something done about, oh, a WEEK AGO????
Right, too busy trying to take my health insurance... COWARD!
Get something started
Agree with you about help for Puerto Rico. They are in dire straits. Re: healthcare & you always siding w Party over Country, you get an F.
Vote Yes Repeal and Replace!
Super. 

So, no statement on Graham-Cassidy?
You mind sharing your tweet with DJT?
Senator, what are you doing about it?
Your friend @realDonaldTrump doesn't seem to share your concern for Puerto Rico
Please let me know how we as Colorado can Donate items to be sent over!
We also need you to protect Colordoans healthcare! Vote No!
Koch brother shill trying to paint himself in a good light. You are a week late in this response.
Touché
For long term recovery, we must also accept their request for statehood and fully integrate them into our economy!
I agree. Watching these events unfold has convinced me that, like Hawaii, Puerto Rico should be granted statehood.
If I don't hear you say this on CNN, you're not YELLING LOUD ENOUGH
Great opportunity to rebuild carbon neutral. USA can lead this development and secure the leading spot in world economy...or China will.
So where is the "massive response"? 

All we've heard from is the massive a-hole in the oval office blaming PR for owing money.
And what can you do about this?
What can I  do about this?
What WILL WE DO?
Considering the hurricane was almost a week ago, your call for a response is a little late.
Yes we do. Please tell @realDonaldTrump this. Ask him to use podium to call for volunteers instead to obscuring First Amendment rights.
I hope the administration's recovery response will be better than the administration's health care proposals, Senator. #resist
Absolutely. Now please suggest to the President that he stop tweeting about athletes and get on this. These people are suffering!
And you remain silent in healthcare.  Coloradans are WAITING for you to take a stand for us.  VOTE NO.  Be a politician we can be proud of.
Sorry! The President you blindly support is still tweeting about the NFL!
Declare a NO vote on Graham-Cassidy & put this sham bill to bed. Then push your msg of funding for PR. Exactly where ur energy should be.
Don't waste the money please.
Do something about it.My entire family has been without power since the hurricane hit. Sitting in the dark rationing gasoline for  generator
I think #PuertoRico needs to pay their bills also.
I hope you are urging POTUS to take time from his busy tweeting schedule to do something about this.
@POTUS @VP instead of tweetung about NK or NFL...take care of US citizens in Puerto Rico as your priority.
Massive AND FAST. Please pass this information on to @realDonaldTrump. Next week is too late. #actnow
Meanwhile your potus is working to try and get NFL players to stand for the anthem.   Priorities he doesn't understand
Can't wait to vote your shady ass out
GOP and TRUMP do not want to spend too much money on Puerto Rico.  R's need to save for HUGE TAX CUTS for WEALTHY
Agreed, so please do something about it. And vote no on the abomination that is Graham Cassidy.
And yet the emperor Tweets about the NFL while Puerto Rico drowns. I disagree with you on nearly everything, but please help my island.
Talk, talk. Are you doing it? Is Trump doing it? What about healthcare? Voting for Trumpcare I bet. You care more for PR than you do 4 CO.
Seriously it is taking u this long to stand up? Trump is so busy berating the NFL that he isn't protecting his citizen!#ImpeachTrumpNow
How about St. John's, St Thomas.  They need desperate help also @SenCoryGardner
What, you're not going to tweet about the NFL in order to distract from the pressing matter in Puerto Rico?

Are you feeling okay?
Vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy trumpcare travesty or you are pro-death!Try to grow morals or at least a modicum of compassion before vote.
Then tell your man to get off of twitter and start doing something for Puerto Rico.
17 Tweets on the NFL from @realDonaldTrump but nothing on Puerto Rico
You might want to call that to DJT's attention. He's consumed by the NFL at the moment.
Weren't you working on a bipartisan health bill with Michael? What happened to that? Vote NO on Grassidy!!!
Yes! So why don't you guys stop tilting at healthcare windmills and direct your efforts to doing something useful like helping Puerto Rico?
I agree as well. Please vote no on Graham Cassidy, it’s hugely destructive .
But there are people kneeling for the national anthem
Thank you, but PR needs assurance now, not in the next fiscal year. This must be at the top of Senate's agenda.
Obamacare premiums are set to rise 200% in Colorado and you are worried about Puerto Rico?
Please SAY NO TO GRAHAM/CASSIDY!
And please VOTE NO on #GrahamCassidy if you are truly concerned with the well-being of ALL Americans.
@SenCoryGardner Can you do anything to get @potus, #SecDef, @SECNAV to deploy hospital ships? #SendTheComfort
So far over 46,000 people have signed a petition to send the hospital ships Comfort and/or Mercy to Puerto Rico. Please help.
Pls tell @POTUS as he seems to think it’s more important to sooth his ego and divide the country than lead it.
"That guy" is too busy wallowing in the mud to even care about Puerto Rico, much less organize relief.
Yes... andVote AGAINST Graham/Cassidy
@Dante_Rguez tell me again that nobody cares. Gardner is a US Senator from Colorado ....
Massive response needed by YOU against Graham-Cassidy!
Huh - I'm surprised you noticed since you're so focused on destroying the ACA.
Puerto Rico & US Virgin Islands
FEMA is there, but we need ALL leadership to assist
Nice attempt to distract us from fact that you care ZERO about  Colorado constituents. Don't use Puerto Rico as a shield for your inhumanity
Well tell the White House to stop tweeting about sports and to get to work! Or better yet propose #impeachment #Impeach45 #25thAmendmentNow
Yes, please. #WearetheWORLD
Yes Thank you. Also what is your vote on Healthcare? NO, correct
We need #Healthcare vote no on #GrahamCasiddy
.@SenCoryGardner MASSIVE response needed to defeat Graham-Cassidy Act which will take urgent health care from MILLIONS of AMERICANS. Vote NO
I agree.  Where is our President?  Is he too busy playing schoolyard bully with the NFL and N. Korea to pay attention to critical issues?
.@SenCoryGardner Yes! Massive response for climate change emergencies! Lead from your heart not the #KochBros checkbook. #NoGrahamCassidy
Tell your President, he's more worried about the NFL and his stupid wall.
Yes, please, immediately!
Tell that to your "President".  He's too busy bashing black athletes to fire up his base of ignorant bigots.
Tell Trump to get off the NFL bullshit and help these people then instead of tweeting about it 
You're barely noticing? The GOP doesn't like Latinos.
Thank you. Can you light a fire re this under the White House?
We agree for perhaps the 1st time. Too bad it took you a week to realize this. Have you made a decision on Healthcare, also been a week.
White House says it's sending bill in Oct. They need help TODAY!
Send the NFL players to help
While I came about people effected by the hurricanes, I also care about health care for everyone in our country. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
Tell that to your pal Trump, who would rather harass the NFL than take care of business.  

PS 
no on the health care bill.
Amount FEMA has disbursed so far in #PuertoRico: $2.1M 
Amount EACH of Trump's visits to Mar-a-lago costs: $3M
That is your president's Katrina and he is doing nothing. BTW, VOTE NO on #GrahamCassidy, not 1 org/med provider support it. #DoYourJob
Sen Gardner. I am GOP for 30 yrs. How could you vote for a health bill wo vetting? GOP had 7 yrs to draft a bill. Vote no or lose my vote.
Go do something helpful for christs sake! Something that helps someone BESIDES American corporations
What an absolute joke ur GOP & this POTUS are. U should be embarrassed. Ur late on PR, shit Healthcare bill, attacking the NFL, poking NK
But his emails! Where's the outrage
Then tell your fellow R Senators to stop with the healthcare BS. Move on to aid and relief!! But since they won't, vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Too bad all our money went to war.
Talk w/divisive @POTUS to help more instead of attacking #1stAmendmentRights. Oh right. A way to distract from horrible health care bill.
Well you are in "control" of congress, get it done.
Trump might talk like a city red neck.. but deep down you know he's right on point about most things
Agree! Please stop trying 2 repeal ACA & get to work on helping Americans struggling from natural disasters b4 next one hits #ProtectOurCare
Very few Clinton signs.. I was supized Colo went Dem but we all know why it did...most important thing is ..We need Obamacare repealed
#NorthKorea says #Trump declared war on them. LOOK what you've let him do! @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP #copolitics
Try not being so PC Senator.. even though Colo went Dem there's way more republicans here.. I saw thousands of Trump signs all over city
Are you sure?  It seems like what NFL players do or do not do during anthem is our top priority.  People may die if everyone doesnt stand.
Thank you and needs to happen like yesterday!
Look who finally woke up!
#onetermcory
We didn't rebuild Chicago..what makes you think we will rebuild Puerto Rico
Nice deflect.  Coloradans know.. YOU DO NOT CARE ABOUT US.  We know.
Meanwhile thre president of the United States spends his time in a twitter battle with professional athletes. Are you not disturbed by this?
"Absolutely thrilled to start another week working against the interests of my constituents and gutting health care."  ~ Cory Gardner
Tell @realDonaldTrump he is too busy yelling at black athletes for exercising their right to protest.
No shit. Maybe call up potus, who's currently busy steaming about players in the NFL taking a knee?
And USVI!! Supplies not getting to the islands!!
There probably isn't much response, because there are a lot of people who don't realize the close ties to P.R. and who P.R. falls under.
If U vote for that #GrahamCassidy bill there will B a massive respsone 2 vote you out of office? Remember when U voted against affordable Rx
Massive response also needed for GC.  Full citizens' response for safety/rescue, & we need unparalleled organization to protect healthcare.
Vote NO on health care bill! We in Colorado are watching you. 2020 is not that far away ... we have long memories when you hurt us!
Thank you for saying this so clearly! A great chance to come together as a nation.
Maybe you can let the president know.
AGREE! Now if your president would grow up and focus on governing instead of bashing sports teams and NK leader! It’s time for him to go.
Massive and immediate response needed immediately. Millions of Americans in peril.
Obviously, but what are you doing about it?
Yes. And you must vote no on #GrahamCasiddy . Bad for Colorado!
And while you're at it, tell your Republican pres to shut up about he NFL. Focus on helping US citizens in crisis.
Yes! Get on that! And also, you need to represent your constituents, not "furious donors." To save more lives, vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
Then do it, Cory. This register CO voter with family in PR I've been unable to speak with since the night before the storm asks you to do it
This is a bit late. You forgot about the 3 million Americans up to this pt. How many mentions of Clinton? How brave of you at this point.
Thank you, please help.
Yes, most of us realized this a week ago. And vote NO to the healthcare bill!
All of which @realDonaldTrump can't be bothered with while he rage tweets against people protesting racism. BTW, NO on G-C disaster!
Help for PR out of one side your mouth, killing healthcare for your own constituents out of the other. Shame!
Who voted for this nitwit? Time to kick hm out if office
Amazing how you tweet about everything but healthcare.  Listen to the medical experts and vote NO on Graham Cassidy.  Millions more at risk.
Not military. Humanitarian. Big diff.
Are you listening to Republican senators mr. Trump?
Urgently need to temporarily suspend the Jones Act that limits ships from US ports to PR. Would speed aid & supplies must faster.
We should focus on helping rebuild, but when it's all done and Puerto Rico can stand on its own again we need to let them go for good
Why?
Looks like it's happening:
And yet your boy @realDonaldTrump only displays racist and white supremacist behavior.
Cool, so maybe leave 1/6th of the economy alone this week and focus on that instead
Yes and the president spent the weekend golfing...again. Where's Colorado's extra "winning" money for the GOP healthcare bill? Vote NO! $$$$
Good job! Maybe if you post it on Twitter, President Dumbass will see it and remember to do something.
Meanwhile, our president is picking a fight with football players.
But her emails
Right? Especially with Kushner's private use of email for government business! Where's the GOP outrage?? More GOP hypocrisy 
Maybe 700 billion would help?-wonder where we could get that?
Please tell Trump that it's part of America.
Agree! Get to work on that, vote no on Graham-Cassidy, and deal with the Russia issue. There is a lot of work to be done

Absolutely. I'd also like to see @SenCoryGardner vote NO on healthcare repeal. Emergencies are unpredictable. It is best to be prepared.
Please use your influence to get it done. Action please.
Sorry but ur buddy Trump is too busy dividing the country CORY
OMG - I can't believe I agree with you ... for once. P.S. vote NO on Grassidy. Appalling that Repubs to try take away healthcare AGAIN!
Sen Gardner What is the US government's response to the hurricane? I am sickened that our POTUS has done nothing.  Can we count on you?
While .@realDonaldTrump rants about football,goes golfing,& tries to rip away Americans health care, PR,Very Blue&Very Brown, is abandoned!
True, except that Puerto Rico is a real tragedy, and Benghazi was a made up one.
Agreed
One of the very few times I will ever agree w/ you. Enjoy!
I have an ideal, since Trump is the Commander and Chief, tell him to stop tweeting and get his ass to work on this!
Vote no on the Cassidy Graham bill or we will vote you out!
Pretty sure he needs to be voted out regardless. Pruitt, devos, yes on last attempt to kill/bankrupt us with aca repeal
Thank you senator for calling attention to Puerto Rico.
That said, I get the feeling you are making excuses to support #GrahamCasiddy. You will be making a huge mistake if you vote yes.
Nope, he's not.
You realize the hurricane happened over a week ago right? Did someone remind you they are U.S. citizens in order for you call for help?
I think "someone" did remind him... Sounds oddly familiar...
Wow, she reminded him to do exactly what he had been doing for days before she woke up from her drunken stooper. #Feminists
Tell that to our leader who is too busy trying so silence African American athletes to notice Puerto Rico is in dire need for our help.
Congress is dysfunctional. Your guy is still tweeting about the NFL. 
And you're getting ready to rip health insurance from millions of us.
You're right, Cory. Maybe you should tell #POTUS to get off his morning toilet tweets about the NFL and ask him to do something.
Protect our children!! #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
