While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
Well it looks like everyone from Boulder and Ft Collins said their piece about healthcare. Yes, N Korea does need sanctions with teeth!
Actually I'm registered in Colorado Springs and I too will be voting against Gardner.
Maybe cuz ur Canadian eh. Not many liberals in springs.
Springs liberal here, plus 90% of my friends and family in city. Your disagreements are fine, but your belittling attitude is uncalled for.
Liberals r uncalled for.
Liberal selective memory: Obamacare was passed by ONLY Dems, and few if any amendments from GOP was accepted. Get it done!
After many public hearings and many GOP amendments - ACA saves many esp children  Selective memory?
BS my insurance got screwed and I've had 6 drs because of it! Liberals lie.
I'd be angry too. ACA must be fixed not gutted & transfer more $$ to 1%. If GOP makes don't assume it'll help U
Barf. 

Respond to your constituency, Cory. Then maybe we'll start giving a damn about you and your declarations.
What about the Health Care Bill??  We are very concerned RIGHT NOW.  Demand it be public and collaborative!!
Yet Trump is willing to ease sanctions against Russia: they routinely kill journalists, dissidents and hack elections?
I'm not sure it's a good idea for our Political leaders to tweet so much; especially in response to a Donald Trump tweet.
If you're a Republican & u vote for this death warrant of a bill(ACHA), you CANNOT claim you didn't know what it was.
Do your f'n job Cory!
The Trump regime? That's one thing we can agree on!
@realDonaldTrump congrats to GA SC for electing people that support our POTUS. Some day in CO hope we can do the same
Now is the time to bring #TrumpedUpCare out in the open. Maybe are a Town Hall
#onetermsenator
US Senate poised to inflict a secret heinous healthcare bill on its own people. Death, illness. bankruptcy. Sanction GOP
we get it Tiny Gardner you're more concerned with making war/selling weapons than you are with human health and well being. #GOP #trumpcare
Senator Gardner, you attempt to get political momentum off of North Korea is as bad as your hidden healthcare agenda.
let's get a little sunshine to disinfect the secrecy on the MAGA healthcare bill. Let's see some backbone Cory!
No. This is a hard lesson: "life is not fair". I too feel for Otto W. N.  Korea has a heinous leader. But tough talk doesn't solve anything.
RINO
There is NO WAY I will vote for you again...
Double Secret Probation?
do you wanna put sanctions on china?but where are trump and his daughter making their clothes then?
TAKE OUT A PORT
Sounds awesome. How about we discuss the #AHCA?
Can we sanction you from getting down on your knees for Trump?
Mr. Gardner, now is the time for you to stand up for 23 million Americans about to lose healthcare coverage. If not, you will lose your job.
Oh, this sad sack is already losing his job. Now his only hope is to not go down as the utter disgrace he is currently being lauded as.
I hope so. After Biff and this clown Gardner won I have little faith in voters.
I believe it is time for sanctions against the Repugnantcon senators screwing the American public w/ their thinly veiled tax cut healthcare!
No senator. Its time to declare globally that North Korea is a threat to humanity and that its imperative that the nation cease to exist
Senator Gardner, please do not support bringing a health care bill to a vote that has not been discussed in committee or properly debated.
@SenCoryGardner Since China is by far North Korea's main benefactor (despite Trump's claims of help), what do you recommend?
You expect this clown to understand international politics?
What polls are you reading that are telling you anyone cares about NK but not healthcare?
Trump works multiple issues simultaneously. Expect N Korea's military to be significantly weakened soon #ShockAndAweSquared
I agree we must stop the people supporting the Republicans. =)
Which heinous regime? North Korea or Trump? Ah, never mind, just fight tyrannical little men wherever you find them.
And, can you let us know where you stand on this secretive health care bill? Will you discuss the content before voting? We need info.
Health care. The rest is noise.
1.) North Korea is not your job.  2.) You suck at both North Korea and Colorado
Show us your bill. Allow debate. Allow scrutiny. Do what is best for the United States. Quit being a coward.
Stay strong Cory!
You really don't give a shit about Coloradans, do you?
I agree - glad to read you are hesitant to cut Medicaid - - it is crucial to Colorado patients md families
Isn't that what Obama did? When does Trump actually handle the problem of NK??
Where is the healthcare bill? This is completely unacceptable to turn your back on the people of Colorado. Disgusting
Senator Gardner - now is the time you should be engaging your constituents. What's in (or is not in) the healthcare bill?
Heinous regime?  That is so rich, like  U & UR pals have a huge tax cut for the rich while killing off the poor & calling it healthcare.
Right. Add it to the list of things you should stay in Washington in August for...  @realDonaldTrump
Now is the time to go against the ACHA! You people are hiding in secrecy and even AARP is against the plan as it will hurt older Americans
U can deflect all day& all night long, but we're going to hold u accountable each and every day. Do your job!ACHA will hurt 271k Coloradans!
Come on, Senator. What's your position on Trumpcare? Vote no. Your constituents will remember!
Senator, since the secret healthcare talks began, no one in your office answers the phone. I have lost faith. You are a rep. Represent us!
Now is the time to show us the heathcare bill and give Congress time to review.  No more party over people...
Show us the bill. Stop hiding. Also, your vm is full in Pueblo. Handle it.
You are supposed to be representing Colorado but instead you hide what the GOP healthcare bill from us. WHY? Are you ashamed?
Now is the time to save our healthcare.  That is something you could actually do.
You talking about DJT?
@realDonaldTrump you are talking about trump right?
Where's Corywhat about health care for millions? Do you care about that?
Nope. Now is the time to wonder why the GOP is trying to pass a terrible healthcare bill without anyone seeing it first. Do your job.
Transparency is a basic democratic principle. It's at the core of what makes our institutions great. Call for hearings/debate on #AHCA.
Indeed this is what separates the USA from regimes like NK and China.
Are you talking about the regime of which you are a part? I agree! You suck as a senator, and I'm happy to help anyone who runs against you.
Vote NO on #trumpcare CG. Colorado is watching...
Please show us the healthcare bill.
How about primary sanctions against senators who hide health care reform bills? 12 rich men decide for women & children? SAD
I notice sen Gardner you are not a no vote on healthcare. Many of us will be working to unseat you. Voting for unseen bill beyond idiotic
What they all said, below. Also: speaking of sanctions, I would say now is the time to make sure they are applied to Russia. cc: @reptipton
2020
If you want to keep your job make sure your rural voters (Yuma) don't lose healthcare/Medicaid
Never mind that. #ShowUsTheBill .  Explain to us why a tax break for the rich is more important than my disabled daughter's life.
Yes. This heinous regime is your own damn administration.
Now is the time for open debate on the new healthcare bill.
Cut off Chinese banks and you will see results.
Now is the time to stop hiding what you are doing with the healthcare bill. Shame on you. @AynRandPaulRyan
Hey Cory.   Remember the folks back in Colorado?????   How's that town hall coming?
Now is the time to take a stand for your constituents and demand transparency around Trumpcare.
My name is Inigo the constituent, the #AHCAKills my friends, prepare to lose your job.
why isn't your party putting this bill up for public debate? No hearings? What are you trying to hide?
Now is the time for you to put country before party, people before corporations, show your work on the #AHCA.
Stop hiding they terrible Healthcare Bill.  Let's see it.    Town hall meeting?   When?   We are waiting. Your days are numbered
Right, but what about #healthcare? #ShowUsTheBill
But remember when Trump said he would be honored to meet Kim Jong Un???
Do you really think Trump is heinous?
Now is the time for you to advocate for healthcare for all not tax breaks for a few.
If you vote in favor of taking health care away  from 23 million people, I'll do my part to ensure you're a 1 term senator
Why are you condoning the POTUS in his inappropriate use of twitter? Dangerous, irresponsible behavior!
Now is the time for you to tell us what's in the health care bill. What are you hiding?
ever gonna hold a town hall? maybe even in person? or are ya just gonna keep taking away healthcare behind closed doors?
We Coloradans see you avoiding the healthcare discussion. Host a townhall! Hear our voices! Hear our stories!
Lol this is what twitter feeds look like when you aren't @POTUS and don't have millions of bots on your feed. Listen to your constituents!!!
Millions will lose their healthcare if you and this heinous GOP regime continue.  We will seek sanctions against all of you.
And Mexicans die in American "detention" centers.   They just "broke the law" too.   Should America be sanctioned?
What about that healthcare bill buddy. More worried about that. Not as worried about our ability to defend ourselves against North Korea.
Why does it feel like we're fighting #Russia 2 safeguard our democratic republic & fighting *you* 2 breathe clean air & be healthy? #NoAHCA
Because we are. Gardener is complicit in destroying the US to turn it into a kleptocracy.
Now is the time for votes against #Senators who are aiding this abominable #HealthcareBill.
Serious question: are you referring to NK, potus or the GOP? You can't all behave this way & not anticipate that question. Stop hiding Cory
"Heinous regime" sounds like the GOP taking away HC from kids & elderly, not discussing it, and giving $ to wealthy donors.
If the healthcare bill isn't an abject atrocity let it see the light of day.  If you are ashamed of your work change it.
So why do you aid the trump regime in their heinous and hurtful policies?
Now is the time to show Americans the Health Care Bill
Now is the time for primary sanctions against all those hiding a health care bill which could kill thousands in the US. #ProtectOurCare
