#Breaking: Trump announces executive order to crack down on trade with North Korea http://politi.co/2hjtbjS  
We need to know your stance on Graham/Cassidy! Vote no!
Stop warmongering and worry about healthcare damn it. You better vote no on this one. 
The republicans need to stop trying to distract from trying to murder its citizens by threatening to murder those of another country.
How about Not taking Healthcare from your constituents and voting No on G-C?  Are are you and the rest of the GOP cowards?
Vote NO on the atrocious healthcare bill.
What we NEED to do is reject this ridicuous Graham-Cassidy senate bill before people lose their lives .
Vote no on Graham Cassidy. Trumpcare is bad for Colorado and even worse for your dim political future.
@SenCoryGardner
Pls, once again stop w/ NK. R u going to vote to take thousands of CO citizens off #healthcare & take $$$-from CO? ANSWER!!!
Cory Gardner ~ VOTE NO on the Graham/Cassidy Bill. Don't forget that you represent all Colorado and and this bill does NOT work!
Why can't you answer your phones in either office?
To be fair, I got a real live human when I called the ft Collins office to voice my opposition to Graham-Cassidy
I didn't know there was a ft Collins office- been calling Denver and D.C., thanks I'm on it
Yeah. I called it after getting a busy signal at the Denver office
Distraction from healthcare
No one gives a crap about your posts. We do, however, want you to save the ACA. #VoteNo
Where's the Cory Gardner Healthcare plan? It might take some work and you might have to reach across the aisle. Take a chance. Be a leader.
What Colo Spgs the Red Military Bulwark thinks You have a big problem is that why you're trying to kill off constituents No #GrahamCassidy
Come. On. You need to address the #GrahamCassidyBill & quickly. And, yeah, China...Trade...Trump...$...I don't think your really thinking.
Vote no on heath care.
You're still planning to vote "yes" to take away health care from the citizens of Colorado. #GrahamCassidy #trumpcare #deathcare
You'll talk about anything but #GrahamCassidy, won't you? Hiding tells us you're going to vote for it. If you do, we won't forget.
Oh look, it's our one issue Senator.
You guys aren't competent enough to run the US efficiently, why in the hell do you think you should rule the world?  Do your job here 1st!!!
Quit deflecting and vote NO on #GrahamCassidy healthcare bill.
Your focus right now is the NO vote you will cast on the Graham-Cassidy bill. CO & the nation is watching.
What you constituents have called for is NOT to repeal #ACA so Coloradans can stay healthy!  NO on #GrahamCasiddy!
Absolutely. Cut off trade with China, Trump's major manufacturer, let me know how that works. Never happen, Einstein.
Please quit chasing Trump's "Squirrel!" Distractions and focus on Coloradan's freaking out re Health Scare Bill.  #GrahamCassidy zip 80503
And we NEED to hold your republican president accountable for his Russian ties and their meddling in US elections and more.
Please listen to the people and protect health care!
These are 2 babies who don't care if we all die. But we are more likely to die if #GrahamCassidy passes.  Looking forward to 2020.
470,000 Coloradoans will lose their health insurance with Graham Cassidy. Vote NO Sen. Gardner
Be smart, be thoughtful, and represent all of  Colorado by voting no on Graham Cassidy. We are watching 80227
Hey. What difference does it make if we can't help our sick people. Gov't cares about nukes but doesn't care about the citizens.
We know you hate North Korea. Way to go out on a limb. Healthcare ring a bell? For once make a difference. Repair.
Your position doesn't become less stupid bc Trump agrees
What are you going to tell the 470,000 Coloradans that will lose their health insurance?  How will you explain what you did to your own kids
Kim Jung Cory: You are the biggest threat to Colorado & USA. Fire & fury coming your way.
Vote no on repealing the ACA. This will hurt people. We deserve the same healthcare you have. Just fix the ACA.Watching you
If you vote for #GrahamCassidy you are taking $10 dollars from every #colorado worker and give it to Texas
No one cares about your opinion on NK.  You aren't a general.
Gardner wants to save us from North Korea because it shouldn't be foreigners killing us it should be healthcare costs.
Interesting
Nice, now how about focusing on healthcare and make the ACA better not passing a cruel replacement! Think people not Party
The senator will do what he did on the last vote. Stay silent in the face of constituents' pleas and vote against CO interests. #GOPpuppet
You understand you will destroy the our economy by alienating China? Also your vote from trumpcare will devistate Coloradans.
CALL FOR HEALTH CARE FOR AMERICANS!ALL HEALTH ORGS, AARP, AMA, HEART& LUNG ASSOC,DIABETES ALL SAY VOTE NO! 1000s WILL DIE KIDS SENIORS VETS
And again, your position on healthcare?
Dude just vote no on health care
You really need to stop trying to distract us from the alligator closest to the boat. VOTE NO on this latest horrible healthcare bill.
Vote AGAINST Graham/Cassidy or you are a murderous non-american
Where's Cory there is nothing more important healthcare for everyone. Even women!
What do we do about Trump enablers like you? Also vote no on the current healthcare debacle
You are an absolute useless chud. Your constituents are far more worried about your vote on Graham-Cassidy. Vote NO, coward.
And YOU need to make it clear if you are going to support Rural Colorado Hospitals!
Are you going to tell @GovScottWalker & @SpeakerRyan the Foxconn deal is dead?
Oh look there's my senator advocating for trade wars and escalating us into nuclear war. Can't wait to vote you out. #seeya2020
.

Kiss your healthcare good-bye with @SenCoryGardner 

.
Where is the economic impact assessment on this idea? What are business leaders saying that work with China? This seems shortsighted.
You need to be as vocal about Colorado's Health Care as you are about North Korea. It's hard to understand your silence.... (but maybe not)
For crying out loud. Like an EO from this idiot means anything. Plus, unworkable. Plus, NO ON #GrahamCassidy
Will you PLEASE make a statement on healthcare.  We are going to sleep in fear daily.  Fear. Not over losing $ with premiums. Death.
Sure, Cory.  You’re going to halt trade with China and make the subprime meltdown look like a slight dip in GDP...
It is possible to have a rational nuanced position on how to convince China to use trade to influence  NK. Cory is not having it, he rants.
He’s showboating.  Loves the camera.
But hates actual thought.
Focus, Senator. North Korea won't kill your people or devastate Colorado's economy. Graham-Cassidy will.
Since we're calling for things we want I'm calling for you to protect healthcare for your constituents by voting no on #GrahamCassidy.
How about speaking up about healthcare?  You are either incapable or disinterested.  Neither is acceptable from someone that represents CO.
#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
You can have a much bigger impact on American security by voting No on #GrahamCasiddy
Not just short-sighted but unworkable.   I'm sure your base loves it.
If President Obama created this XO, you & the rest of the @GOP would be speak out vs it. Does no one have grasp of basic economics?
No on Graham/Cassidy
Healthcare for citizens is NOT socislism. Every other first world Country provides healthcare for their citizens. Why does USA lag
I'm with Lucy!  NO on Graham-Cassidy 
And by the way, WHAT IS YOUR POSITION ON HEALTH CARE? WE DESERVE INFORMATION.
What moron really thinks the US can stop trading with China? Nuance is apparently beyond you.
Where's your statement on health care?  I'll assume my call means nothing to you. I'm sure we'll hear why you voted for it AFTER you do.
#notapaidprotester
I'm not distracted. We need to hear your position on #GrahamCasiddy! Kill the bill–not healthcare for 32 million Americans!
I hope he got the idea from you. Now congress has to tie @POTUS's hands when it comes to launching a nuclear war.
Have you heard what your constituents have called for re #GrahamCassidyBill ? Vote no!!
