Keep going Cory. Your fighting the good fight.
What is your plan to stop mass shootings?
“Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety” - B. Franklin
What’s your plan to stop mass shootings?
And of course better access to mental health care. Give me an example of a gun control law that would help?
What is your plan to stop mass shootings?
Reread my responses. That is the plan. My rights are not up for debate regardless of what a murderous psychopath does.
What is your plan to stop mass shootings?

But only the rich ones, right?
Workers get a like in the eye with a used gavel.
How about gun control and human rights... #ADAPTandRESIST @NationalADAPT I'm pretty sure he didn't apologize for his cowardice this summer
Molon labe
Trump wouldn't want #taxreform unless it helped the top 1%. And anything that widens the gap between the 99% and the 1% is BAD for the USA
Come up with a tax reform that helps struggling Americans and helps us. Not #wealthcare giveaway to top 1%.
Effective corporate tax rate is at all time lows.
Corporate cash positions are at all time highs.
Wealth inequality has never been higher.
And he's selling a corporate tax cut & tax package that benefits the top…
When you talk, are you laughing inside at the crap you spew?  Why are you scared to death of facing your constituents? Why..you're spineless
We care about common sense gun laws not your lousy tax break for the rich.
Molon labe
You omitted some very impt info:
I'm not sure everyone fully grasps yet that GOP tax plan is actually cutting Medicare and Medicaid. That's how they pay for it.
The GOP budget and tax plan are only good for the wealthy and corporations. Support your constituents, not your donors.
It's TAX CUTS for the richest. Don't lie about it.
Did you leave through the back door?  Yeah, we don't forget.
Did you explain to the Fox viewers how you'll benefit from this bill & how they'll lose their Medicaid/Medicare coverage?
#LyingCory
As an Indep voter, fiscal responsibility is area I hoped GOP would address. Instead tax breaks to rich & huge debt!
1. The idea that the GOP never really cared about deficits is wrong. Concern about deficits has declined over time. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/04/us/politics/federal-debt-deficits.html …
Let's talk gun control! You could invite your NRA buddies!
Molon labe
What the GOP is proposing is NOT under any circumstances relief to anyone but the top 1%. Who do you think you're talking to? #LyingSenator
I’m so looking forward to November 2018 when all these unAmerican politicians can be replaced. They are ruining our country.
Unfortunately this dingus isn't up for re-election until 2020
That sucks! I’m so looking forward to November 2020 when the rest of these unAmerican politicians can be replaced.
Time to vote in a senator who works for Colorado!
Vote no on the Trump budget/tax plan that will drastically cut Medicare and give tax cuts to the wealthy.
#NoWealthcare
@SenCoryGardner continuing to work for the GOP and not Colorado... no surprise. #NotGettingMyVoteAgain
What a joke.
We need to be fixing our prisons and schools, ending homelessness, and creating jobs....not cutting taxes on rich. Where's the jobs?

Coloradans: Tell @SenCoryGardner his vote to open the #ArcticRefuge to drilling is unacceptable 202-883-6199 #ProtecttheArcticRefuge
Didn't you take bribes from the NRA?
What happened to GOP that wanted to reduce the deficit? Oh yeah that's when Obama was the president. Now a tax cut for the 1%
I'm a middle class family of 4. Trumps #TaxReform has us paying $3,000 more a year! Please actually take care of the real people of colorado
Define "hardworking" Senator. Schilling for donations is not hardworking!
Senator, whatever same old GOP tax speech
I'm astounded by your willingness to lie to us and your belief that you'll get away with it. You won't. Exacerbating ineqty will end US.
Tax relief for the wealthiest Coloradans. Middle class does not benefit at all. You're failing us @SenCoryGardner 
Where’s Cory
Liar
Read tbe Office of Tax Analysis Technical Paper 5 dated May 2012 Current Admin had it removed from the Treasury website WSJ has a  link
Your tax relief will benefit 55,000 Coloradans  what about the other 5,485,000 Coloradans  #FAIRtax #GOPLies
You must not be talking about Trumps tax plan
I'd be happy to pay higher taxes to give next gen a better legacy than a humungous public debt.  Too bad rich folks don't feel the same way.
In particular, we should be funding preservation of environment & public lands, medical/scientific research, education, infrastructure.
Congress, with the Senate, decides where taxpayer dollars are spent. Are you saying that you all have made poor choices with our money?
@SenCoryGardner please read this. http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/publications/preliminary-analysis-unified-framework … This is not good for Coloradans.
GOP tax relief after looking at the outline is another malevolent bill for the middle class and fat tax breaks for the wealthy. 
Despite the revulsion he causes in everyone, you have to admire #corythecreep for his ability to lie with a straight face time and again.
GOP Tax "relief" is only for ultra wealthy - we aren't idiots Cory. @SenJeffMerkley @SenBennetCO @indivisiblefrr
When @realDonaldTrump said "it's time to take care of our people," we now know what he meant. https://nyti.ms/2yu2M6i  
Right... And how much is the national debt going to increase? How about everybody pay their share? Eliminate the loopholes for the 2%.
The math still doesn't work. The proposed plan most hurts working families.
So you’ll be voting AGAINST the Trump tax plan, where 80% of the benefits only go to the top 1% of the wealthiest Americans?
Tax relief for who again?? 80863
Did you talk about how you're cutting Medicaid and Medicare in your tax plan???
There are mentally ill people without access to healthcare and access to too many guns. These are the problems you should be working on now.
Please know people are hopeful for tax cuts/relief including upper middle~Rich are those who can live off passive incomes~they Must pay more
Pass the tax bill make sure there are tax cuts for companies in it. No poor person has ever given me a job.
2 + comments, 66 -. @GOP failures: #TrumpTaxScam #PuertoRicoRelief #GunControl #Healthcare 
Shall I say what else you're lying about?
By tax relief he means screwing most Coloradans and giving his wealthy campaign donors and big business lower taxes we pay for!
Tax relief for billionaires isn't going to help hard working Coloradoans because they will be financing it.
Raising taxes for 40 plus % of people making under 40k is not tax relief.
What are you smoking, Mr. G.?    It's for the wealthy and takes away from the rest of us.  Stop lying.  Get a grip. Have some integrity.  @KOAA @SenBennetCO
"tax relief" for @GOP means handing wealthy and corporations huge cuts. all scores of plan so far say 80% of cuts goes to top.
We want Medicare for all, not tax cuts for the rich.
So you have a new plan?
#TrumpTaxScam 
This appears to most of us to be a tax cut for the richest 1% of Americans...
Please explain to me how a annual savings of approx $600 will make taxes SO much better? Regan tried this and wages for mid class went ...
Such optimism Cory! Which anti-depressant are you on, and how much are you taking?
He's taking a new class of drug called a psychotic. Does the opposite of an antipsychotic.
Great.  I just wish the grand majority of the tax cut would reach hard working americans.  Seems more like 1% americans.  Please don't lie.
Almost all the tax cuts will only benefit the rich.  It will increase the debt and also requires cutting essential services like Medicare.
Let's not lose track that Cory was CO rep in house too. 6+ years our paying his salary. He's accomplished nothing. No HC plan, no tax plan
Your are lying, it's tax cuts for the rich.  Many middle class people will get a tax increase.  http://www.npr.org/2017/10/04/555433641/who-will-benefit-most-from-gop-tax-plan-early-report-suggests-the-wealthy …
How much money did the nra pay you to push their agenda? One dollar is too much.
Give mine to PR, Medicare/aid
You mean, giving rich people tax breaks and increasing the deficit. Still angry that u would destroy net neutrality.
But you didn't say anything substantive!
The current tax plan provides no relief to any middle earners and it guts Medicare and Medicaid.
BS
GOP "tax plan", makes cuts to Medicare & Medicaid.  It appear to be a "Health Care Cut Bill" in disguise of a "Tax Cut" Bill.

One Senator said to me tonight: the health care bill was about hidden tax cuts. Now the tax bill is about hidden health care cuts.
You mean rich Coloradans right? Because this tax cut punishes the middle class and explodes the deficit. Only big donors get GOP attention.
Ah the juvenile senator out front to enrich the wealthy. When it's everyone else's healthcare the man hides.
2020
Deficits only matter when democrats are in power, 2 Santa  Clause theory
Hardworking Coloradans:

N. Any person on earth who is rich and gives me money when I call them.

afraid to meet with real people that live in Colorado. Hide behind a camera so you don’t have to answer to the people you should represent
This is a terrible question & empty answer Mr. Senator. This plan IS NOT a tax overhaul or relief it IS NOT budget neutral IT IS A TAX CUT!
Come election time, I'm going to spend every spare second I have making sure you lose. Tick tock Cory.
Why not discuss taking money from the NRA?
We need healthcare and social programs, not tax cuts for rich people like your corrupt cronies @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP
Once again you're on the side of the 1%'ers. You're not helping the rest of us by cutting Medicaid, Medicare & Social Security. 2020 not far
Senator Gardner want tax relief for himself. $3.9  million from the NRA alone., O&G, Banks, Insurance. We know where you stand.
Are you pimping tRump's #TaxScam ? We are not interested in another giveaway to the wealthy & Corps, so save your breath #OneTermCory
Thank you for discussing the tax reform plan.  Looking forward to some relief there. Please include budget reductions as well.

Sorry @SenCoryGardner most billionaires aren't considered "hard working" Coloradans.
You mean provided unneeded tax cuts to your owners, the Koch brothers.

The Republican base is stupid enough to fall for this.
This tax plan is complete garbage. The wealthy do not need another tax break. You are completely out of touch with regular people

I joined @KDVR this morning to discuss providing tax relief to wealthy Coloradans. There--fixed it.
No tax reform until Trump releases his returns!
Taxation is theft!

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
You mean to your rich supporters, NRA, …….
YOUR JOB WAS TO REPEAL & REPLACE ACA!!    YOU DIDN'T
Yes, excellent interview.

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
Can you explain why #TrumpTaxScam looks like a tax cut for the rich?
Here, based on prior Tax Policy Ctr estimates, is what I'd ballpark as the 10-yr revenue cost, and the avg. benefit for millionaires.  5/ 
Can you commit to not getting rid of the estate tax?
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
Can you commit to not lowering taxes on the top 1%?
