“It was a desperate bark. Like she was saving them, like she’s only got a few barks left.” http://dpo.st/2hEVUjy 
Our President serial tweet golfing while US citizens are literally dying in PR. 

Gardner - "We love our dog"

How deep does the rot go?
GOP deep?!
That's a new depth never plumbed before. How low can the bar go?
GOP bar is non-existent. No morals, no ethics, no compassion, no spine. Exist only to serve selves.
You're just saying that cause it's true.
13 million children lost insurance today as the GOP allowed CHIP to expire. But the dog's good,right? Good for you, Senator.
To bad you dont love and respect human beings
Mr senetor what type ofndog do you have this is my sam he is my world
You can constantly kiss the president's ass on healthcare, but when he ignores a humanitarian crisis, it's, "hey, look at this puppy!"
Nice story.  BUT, WHAT is Congress doing to mitigate Trump's neglect of PR response.  American's are dying.  Where is Mattis at least..?
Senator, dog tweet?  We need to stop the nuclear war rhetoric now.  Wake up! The President is out of control.
Did you notice the headline above that heart-warming story? Denver Post calling your bluff on taxes.
Hey Cory!  What is your goal in life?  How about trying to do goodness for all Americans including #PuertoRico
Same week:
- Must cut $1 trillion from Medicaid because of deficit!
- Must pass tax cuts for wealthy/corps ADDING $1.5 trillion to deficit! 
The people of #PuertoRico and #USVirginIslands need rescuing and respect. #WhatAreYouDoing? #PuertoRicoRelief #HurricaneRelief #ImpeachTrump
Hey have you heard Puerto Rico needs help? Just curious
I wish you would share goodwill stories about Puerto Rico instead
Here’s one.....
How about rescue for the people of Puerto Rico or are you afraid of Trump?
SenGardner, This is a nice story yet the NRA paid you $3.8 MILLION dollars!You supprt the NRA&Profit frm weapons sales includng machine guns
You have an incredible ability to try and distract your constituents with bullshit articles instead of working for us. Please do your job.
#PuertoRico hospitals are running out of equipment and patients are running out of time. There's your desperate bark. #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
How about we rescue the Americans in Puerto Rico?  Do you agree that they are "ingrates?"
We love dogs 2. But we want U 2 love #Colorado people too. But you keep supporting leaving 500K of them with no healthcare. #ACA #copolitics
Repealing net neutrality is a leading indicator a person has no heart
Do you love our country as much as you love your dog? Reign in Trump before he causes even more damage. @StateDept
McMaster, Tillerson, Mattis, & Dunford have all come out against decertification. Yet noted foreign policy expert Donald Trump plows ahead. https://twitter.com/danabashcnn/status/916062588777172993 …
You're nearly as tone deaf as @realDonaldTrump
uhhh there are American humans in Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands who could use some rescuing rn. Maybe get your BFF POTUS on that?
You know what an incredible story if rescue and love is??? Demanding that YOUR "fearless" leader take care of Puerto Rico!!!
Sad that you care more for your dog then the people you represent.
Rescue and love for #PuertoRico please, NOW
Your dog would do a better job of representing us that you. And not a mention of Puerto Rico except Republican pablum.
Did you not read this morning’s news?

Time to talk impeachment.
I'll bet you thought you'd be safe tweeting about dogs. HAHAHAHAHA Nice try.  Our concern is PR and a president insulting citizens in need.
What in the HELL are you doing to #SaveCHIP?!
Are you off your mind? People are dying in #PR and you're tweeting THIS? WTF is wrong with you? HELP US.
We love our children - fund CHIP now.
We love our Americans - save Puerto Ricans now. 
They could be incredible stories of rescue & love!
Where's Coryhow about you love your constituents?
You should really read up on Roy Moore and condemn the vile statements he's made.
Why are you so tone deaf? It's astonishing your inability to address anything other than NK, farmers or your family. Do a better job for CO.
Do YOU ever actually WORK? Or is it all just photo ops and butt kissing the Republikkkans? Smh. GET TO WORK YOU LAZY BUM!
2020
Such a controversial stance you've staked out here. Way to be the leader we all need in tough times.
Puerto Rico 
While you blather about dogs your president that you have supported the entire way is getting American citizens killed. Disgusting.
Business as usual discussing topics that are so irrelevant. I believe Puerto Rico is in need of rescue and love!
People are dying in Puerto Rico. Trump is attacking the mayor. Is this the sort of leadership you support? Speak out or you're complicit
Bread and Circus
this tweet is sickening. The worst obfuscation. Hearts and minds are with #PuertoRicoRelief and this is where CO's leader is! #shameonGOP
US citizens dying in the streets of PR but your dog is what you tweet about? Seriously? Tell Trump to help PR. Do your job for once.
@SenCoryGardner #representcolorado@potus. You are writing about dogs and your party leader is tearing down desperate Americans?
What are you doing to get help to Puerto Rico, or to pressure Trump to help PR???

Why is the GOP comfortable with this?
People are DYING in Puerto Rico, please prioritize!!!
Yeah? still gonna rip healthcare away from 9 million children? Probably because your compassion is fake and fleeting.
The top 1% had a 0.9 % tax increase. That's not most of the people that you're elected to SERVE! Work on something that helps WE THE PEOPLE
AID FOR PUERTO RICO, NOW. And while you're at it, maybe condemn @realDonaldTrump 's comments attacking the San Juan mayor this morning.
Help #PuertoRico

The Donald first president to call Americans in disaster recovery of be lazy for need help while sitting in golf cart #winning
#DeportMelania
How about some love and rescue for our fellow AMERICANS in Puerto Rico?
YOU and the PREZ are an AMERICAN DISGRACE!!!!!  Look up the word RESCUE CORY!
PUERTO RICO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@denverpost Unbelievable. The only thing you should be thinking, working on and doing is helping Puerto Rico. Shame on you.
Cory messes up on the regular, but this is an insane statement. He retweeted an article about rescuing a dog. Pick your battles.
Aid for Puerto Rico, QUICKLY
Cory Gardner vote to protect Arctic by preventing drilling. Vote against tax breaks for Trump and protect ACAhealthcare
Nice try at having a warm, human touch. DUMP TRUMP!
How about Donald the pig? Do you love that lazy, racist, incompetent animal? Asking for a friend. Silence = approval. #corythecreep
I wish you would show this kind of compassion for the people of Colorado. Repair the ACA!
Puerto Rico is the only thing you should be working on right now
The Putz is working on his put.
Senator - your response to the president is noticed - make a stand with your peers and announce that you do not agree.  Repeat as needed.
@denverpost Unbelievable...folks in Puerto Rico suffering, ur guy is adding insult to injury, and u r flaunting privilege
When will you be working with your House colleagues to #ImpeachTrump ? His victim-blaming and incompetence are abhorrent.
Your party’s leader is insulting disaster victims this morning and revealing his poor response, blaming victims. LET’S TALK ABOUT PUPPIES!!!
#GrahamCassidy, @GOP, PR response, Theft of public , Emoluments violations, Stripping of Gov. Agencies - ISSUES YOU SHOULD TWEET ABOUT
"Absolutely thrilled to hear @realDonaldTrump bashing the people of #PuertoRico .  Support his racism and incompetence 100%." ~ C.Gardner
Do we love our president? Show some leadership Cory as YOUR fearless leader is incapable. People first.
