You went to Durango... Cory , Durango?
When is the town hall for Denver area?
Poor Cory, had to stay and obfuscate answers at this press conference. If you were honest about this, you really wanted pics.
#Mr. Gardner will Never be President.  NeverGardner
Please come to the front range. You're not a caretaker, you're a representative.
I listened to his tele town hall. What a joke. 90% of the time a staffer asks the question. And when a real person......
Was anyone allowed to ask or did he say anything about his health care vote?
Poor woman called. Said ACA saved her life. She's biz owner. Put kids thru cllge etc. Gardner: glad it helped you. But hurts more.
Check out @jessicalawyer2's Tweet:
Real @SenCoryGardner when will you come to Colorado Springs to talk to us?  @CardboardCoryCO @COSpringsCAN #WheresCory #RealTownHall 
Why you don't listen anyways
My question:  when history looks back at this a time,as it will, how will we judge your actions?
Having a town hall at 2:30 Friday Repubs are on the job does NOT get our attendance!  How about when the Dems are out drinking 7PM.
How about you schedule more town halls?
Sure would be nice if you faced your constituents on the #FrontRange #CantHideForever #Outin2020
"mystery and concealment in the management of their affairs cover tricks and betrayal" - Grover Cleveland. #copolitics @denverpost @9NEWS
As you should. Do your job and represent your constituents. You are highly unpopular in your home state. 
Senator, we need health care! Don't destroy what we have.
You shamed yourself trying to defend #Trumpcare, which is just a tax cut for the rich at the expense of health care for millions of people.
Also, nice that all of the seats near the podium are reserved #coward #byebyecory #2020 #cometodenver #chickenshit
How about answering your phone ? #whereiscorey #ITMFA

? I've been asking for months is when is your live town hall in Denver & how do you sleep at night knowing you voted to rip away healthcare?
Cory explained it today. He promised to R&R #aca 7 years ago despite #NoViablePlan and he's sticking with that till we kick him out
Why stick with a "promise" if your constituents are no longer interested in you following through with said promise??
http://www.coloradopols.com/diary/97983/whats-next-cory …
I'm happy Durango gets more time. Your telephone town hall ended rather abruptly last week. We'd like more time too.
Friendly crowd?
Stop acting like a coward Cory. I dare you to hold a town hall near Denver where you only take questions. No speech. Or we can vote you out.
Town Hall: good. Waiting until after healthcare vote: bad.
Saying he's sticking w/ vacuous campaign promise to R&R #aca after 7 years of #NoViablePlan - unacceptable! @indivisibledgo @indivisiblefrr
Exactly! I'm sure most Colorado voters want to see him do a 180° on this "promise."
Those signs say reserved. You picked who you wanted to talk to. That's not a town hall. You still aren't willing to hear from everyone! Liar
Thank you
Seriously? You will spend two days with the people in Durango, but you won't hold a Town hall for Denver?! WTF!
Time to vote Senator Gardner out. He's too spineless to go against Trump and stand up for what's right for Colorado Citizens #TheResistance
Cory, you can't hold a townhall in Durango and call yourself a great Senator. Try coming to Denver. You need to resign.
Why not come to the front range? Boulder county would be an excellent place to start!
You've forgotten us.  # ACA #7yrs #Ridiculous ! #You're there to work for US Right??
This is a sad attempt to try and make us forget about the last 6 months of you avoiding us.
Maybe you should have more than a once a year town hall?
Good for you Cory, thank you for all of your hard work.  Don't listen to these libtard idiots!
There was literally nothing preventing you from organizing a real town hall/series of town halls. Bennet does it. You like your job?
Good to see you doing in-person Townhalls.  Hoping you will continue to do this for Coloradoans...
Come to Denver
If interested, Durango Herald streamed town hall with @SenCoryGardner and @SenBennetCO 
LIVE STREAM: http://bit.ly/2v6u6aa 
#unrig
Since Durango is near Gold King mine, I understand why TH was there. I hope to see more throughout the state during this recess.
A real chicken-shit decision to move your offices in Denver to a secure site.. You are hiding from the people who employ you.
Too late!!  but nice try tho!!
Aw, let's give Cory a gold star for sort of doing his job.
Chicken $h!t period!! I will bust my ass to get you voted out!!!
Wait was this the real @SenCoryGardner! Finally the cardboard boy turned into a "real" boy. He stopped lying and represented us YAY! maybe..
Maybe you should have given people more than 24 hrs notice and taken more than 5 min of Qs to start! Be better, Sir. We see right thru you.
It's true; if @SenCoryGardner's goal was to hear from more people, there is no single thing stopping him from doing just that.  #copolitics
You don't need to meet with the butt hurt Californian . But u do need to got to ft Carson  and investigate the fraud waste and abuse of powe
Good work, @SenCoryGardner. Thanks for taking the time listening to Coloradans. May not agree on much, but kudos 4 doing what others won't
It appears you are a liar-sir. I guess that puts you solidly in GOP territory as a carf carrying cult member. We'll see how that plays...
Good start. 5 hours is NOT enough notice & there needs to be a conversation, not a "Talk-At-&-Smile". Not good enough, Senator.
Since you're a stagnant and close- minded person, I was able to realize that you could care less about those of us who don't donate to you.9
You're a real hero, CG
Well hooray for you finally had a Town Hall how long before the American people get your preference over that Trumpshit in the WH
Wow! Pretending to really care? I'm stunned!
Your *promise* 7 yrs ago to repeal Obamacare isn't what CO wants 7 yrs later, & you know it. That answer was practiced. Hindsight is #2020
The pressure of assessible pols, huh?
He wants to cut health care completely out
Is talking to your Denver constitutes so scary that you have to move your office to a federal building? See you in court a gov building too
How about you come to Montezuma County for a PROPER TOWN HALL! Not a news conference! Maybe with room enough for 500+ ppl! I will set it up!
Sounds appropriate - you've been hiding from constituents since going all in with GOP/Trumpy before Coloradans. Chickenshit
Let's be perfectly clear: Denver wants an in-person town hall. CO Springs wants the same. We won't be satisfied until we what we want.
We won't count this as a town hall and we won't count town halls that are announced last minute and arranged during business hours.
We'll count the town halls where you face your constituents face-to-face and answer to them. Everything else is a sham.
But it's not video streamed. Why ad-hoc last minute sneaking around CO?  Are you afraid of us?  Why are you lying about #aca and #Medicaid
The only place he will go because everywhere else voters ask the hard questions.
When and where will ur next  in person town hall be?
I second that. When is your next town hall? 11/3/20
How about you hold a town hall on the eastern slopes?
Unfortunately some of us have to work for a living and can't take off with a moment's notice to drive 4+ hours.
For a meeting in the middle of a workday. #votersuppression by GOP now extends to #TownHallSuppression @indivisibledgo @indivisiblefrr
Where's Coryplaying it safe again? Spineless!
When Ye Hello U going 2 go 2 Work n Get it did From Gr Jct When can we see results Q? or will we Q? Wont we Q?
It's hard to believe that five minutes in the past 493 days wasn't enough time.
Saying words, maybe. Answering questions...
"Durango Town Hall" ?  Why was no mention of this event in your tele-town hall?
Well done, and thank you for doing this.
Don't pat yourself on the back too hard. You're not used to standing up in front of people.
Why did you support the healthcare bill that would have creamed many people in Colorado on Medicaid?
Ticket to Durango would over $900 if bought the day before, drive is 8 hrs. No way make it. Please come to the Fort Collins area!
You supported dumping coal into streams.. any further pollution plans you or your greedy fing party have in store 
That's what happens when you only do one town hall with 5 minutes of questions every 494 days.
Reserved seating at a Town Hall?
I'll bet my bottom buck that you actually stood there& said something to the affect,"I voted to repeal & bla bla". The senate F-A-I-L-E-D
Great! I hope this leads to more in person discussions with constituents. It means a lot.
Your people in Washington and Denver didn't know yesterday that there was a town hall meeting anywhere? Why the disconnect with your constit
First time all year...
Great job!
Very cool.
I have a question. When will you hold a town hall in Denver?
My fantasy is that we fill mile high stadium when he finally shows
So thoughtful of the Coward who voted to strip healthcare from 271k COs. You decided to hold a townhall far away from Denver.
That's where the mine is.
Clearly there r a lot of questions for u. Congress is on recess. I hope to see your #townhall schedule on @townhallproject very soon.
Staged Q & A phone call "town hall" (with a fake "sign up")? Now a town hall in Durango? @SenCoryGardner, this is not how you communicate!
Not a happy looking crowd, Senator...
2020
Thanks you for your hard work and dedication Senator
#Copolitics #Cosen #Coleg
Since we were not able to hear from everyone, I am staying longer at the Durango Town Hall to continue answering your questions. 
I couldn't make it to Durango. Why don't you hold one in Denver
Gee Cory! You're actually in state? Have the courage to travel around & hold several town halls? Didn't think so. U sold CO out
Support President Trump.

So you're answering questions. In front of actual people. You can do this again. No one needs to hold your hand, just SCHEDULE SOMETHING.
Why not try that  in all parts . Of Colorado? Coward. #yourlastterm
Stick with Trump and help the country
bruh, what about denver?
Not a town hall. Still has been 494 days since a real town hall.
Please schedule an in person 2 hour town hall over recess.
This was on very short notice and 5 hours awat from where A LOT of people live in CO.  When can we expect to see you on the front range?
Fuck the front range, you think the important people are on the front range?  Not hardly
The RESERVED signs really tell the story here.
Since you know there is high demand for your company will you be scheduling town halls throughout the state over your recess?
It appears he could definitely use the exercise.
I've noticed the Koch funded meals must have been hearty and aplenty as of late.
Why no meetings in Arapahoe County?
Why are you so spineless? Why did you vote to sell us out?
I can't imagine how a man with such a WELL FUNDED (from Absolutely SELFLESS sources) campaign could... etc.
Hello can you tell the Poland president that I have called him out to face me of the crimes of his Polish Mafia " he " is not responding
You can't hear from everyone in Durango either. When is your #realtownhall in Colorado Springs? Denver? Pueblo? Fort Collins?
You know the rest of the state?

#Syria might not be in the news any more but the planes still fill the sky and the bombs they drop are still killing and maiming thousands 
#NoTravelBan

https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/07/bill-browders-testimony-to-the-senate-judiciary-committee/534864/ … Everyone!! Blow up this article with likes/retweets!!!! This is what Putin wants to turn the US into!!! #TrumpRussia
goodness what sacrifice /s
