Do you mean the *lack* of US global leadership?  Trump is destroying the US position with our allies, and GOP congress are abetting him.  
I make no claims to being a smart frog, just an over-educated one....  
VP Mike Pence knew about Mike Flynn as head of the transition team. He lied. Here's proof.
Where is your voice? Coloradans want a Special Prosecutor investigating Trump!
Did she tell you "RUSSIA IS NOT our friend" or that US is now a laughing stock, not a world leader??!! #DoYourJob
Time to listen to some real leaders....#resist. #blabbergate.  Speak out against Trump
This is how U spend your time? OMG, no wonder the country is such a mess. I live in Parker,CO. U won't get my vote AGAIN. UR bought & Paid 4
Are you honored to sit down with us? Hold a LIVE, IN PERSON town hall. Answer for your actions face to face. Defend your indefensible votes.
Is this what you do instead of actually having townhall meetings? You and all the CO GOP representatives are cowards. Face the voters.
Did she mention the part about how in liberal democracies elected officials don't hide from the citizens? Looks like "yes".
hello?  5 year olds learn that pretending things aren't there doesn't make them go away. C'mon, Sen - when is the town hall?
@SenCoryGardner , the same woman who said the death of 500,000 Iraqi children "was worth it." Strange bed fellows.
Our nation's leadership is a dumpster fire and this is all you have to tweet?
Now there is one appeasing woman
Career politicians like you are killing our democracy. Grow a pair and do the right thing. Country over political party.  #TermLimits
Did you explain why the president gave the Russians classified information from an ally?
Steer
all talk no action, no tax plan no repeal of ACH just photos
@SenCoryGardner , are you going to ask your Republican colleagues to give us citizens a chance to understand how you plan on repealing ACA?
A lovely photo-op. Here's an idea for a good one - public venue, lots of constituents. I think it's called a ... townhall!!
It'd be better if you sat down in the Senate & legislated and voted for the people of Colorado, our natural spaces, health, and education.
Whoopie! Get an independent prosecutor for your Trump fiasco.
Can u please GOR THE LOVE OF GOD be outspoken about Trump? We DONT CARE about these other things.  Trumps  a liability & u r 2 represent!!!
You aren't worthy of licking that woman's boots.
You will be remembered for putting your party before this country, and supporting this corrupt administration - count on it!
Thanks but really- special prosecutor!!!
Independent prosecutor. Now. 80863
When are you going to put America over party?
Your silence on treason is deafening. #impeachnow
Glad you are getting input from an expert.
GOP sold its soul 30 years ago. As a lockstep lackey I'm sure you feel good supporting destruction of America
Listen to your constituents. We are not happy with you!! 80224 #TownHall  #ImpeachTrumpPence
YOU MUST IMPEACH NOW
It's time to step up and be an American. This behavior should hurt you to the core. Country before party.
Advice from woman who said 1/2 mil. dead Iraqi children worth price of sanctions. Now how to kill N.Korean kids? #waterBoy #agentOrange #GOP
Thanks for building bridges with those on the other side of the fence-Ms. Albright attends my church in #Aspen; FYI: https://williamblum.org/essays/read/madeleine-albright-ethically-challenged …
More pap from you while Trump destroys the country. Pathetic. You and the rest of the @GOP will never recover from the hole you have dug.
Hopefully you actually listened to her and didn't just warp her words to fit your own narrow world view, like you usually do.
Oh and also, check out her facial expression. She wants to slap you for being such a Trumpkisser. She knows who you are. Hindsight is 2020.
SIT DOWN WITH THE PEOPLE WHO HIRED YOU. STAND UP FOR COLORADO. Hindsight is 2020.
Yeah, Madeleine!! Hopefully you learned something from her.
Learn something from her...please
Cory, Trump tried to shut down investigation of a Russian stooge. What say you, sir?

#Flynn
Fantastic. Now if you could also do your job and help keep the Executive Branch in check...that'd be greeeaaat.

Did you talk to her about trump spouting off classified info to the Russians?
Pick up your phone! This is getting absurd!
No matter how many Whitestrips and hair product you use, you don't have a future in politics anymore. 80127
Where's Cory?
Did she suggest you impeach Trump and save the US and they world?
Our lives are in danger 
IMPEACH NOW
DO SOMETHING!!!
BTW, are you part of the GOP money laundering operation? Better lawyer up. Don't worry. Lots of oil cos will need a liar w DC connections.
Senator Hayseed. Embarassment to Colorado. Traitor to the USA.
I like the video of you in the elevator where you lie through your teeth to the woman w baby about your phone conference system.
Her look says it all. "You're a fraud, unfit for the Senate and probably can't find the Korean peninsula on a map."
Still backing up your boy Trump after he sold out Israel?  You are a coward Mr.  Gardner.  Your only concern is your party, not the country.
I'm embarrassed that you're a fellow Coloradan. More like a Coloradone. Looking forward to voting you out. #impeachnow
Stand up to our president and hold him accountable re: Comey firing and info to Russia you coward.
Time to stand up to the President. Show us you're beyond party lines.
Good job @SenCoryGardner. So you can schedule time like an adult! Let's set time to meet with the people you are claiming you represent!
As a constituent, it's alarming that you angered Kim Jong with your unnecessary name-calling. U S pres would be 'honored' to meet with him.
You're a joke
Aren't you that guy who voted for DeVos?
Gawdammit Cory, would it kill you to at least *pretend* you give a crap about the future of our country? Russia/Trump? Heathcare? Democracy?
A wise lady with some great insight. Probably could learn something from her.
Your non-stop pretending that nothing about POTUS and the Russkies is worthy of a some comment has gone from annoying to abdication of duty.
2020
you might want to read through the comments, because no one believes in you. #countrybeforparty
Honored to sit down with Madeleine Albright to discuss U.S. global leadership & peaceful denuclearization of the Korean peninsula. 
@potus seems to have shared highly secret intel from an ally (Israel) with an enemy that interfered in our election (Russia). Comment!?
Will you sit down with me? 80127
Where's your statement on Trumps over sharing of info with the Russians?
Hope you take any advice given since you seem incapable of thinking for yourself.
Your job is to protect the Constitution and the American people from Trump. Got it?
Right now the US has no global leadership.
Well at least you are meeting with source of the problem.
What are you going to do about our traitorous leader?!!
How did you answer her questions about Trump since you wont answer any of ours? Coward.
Maybe @Madeleine will have an extra minute to school #POTUS & #GOP re: #Russia #Treason #Collusion & oath to #Constitution
it keeps getting worse, you're not gonna be able to distance yourself from this shit show
WHAT LEADERSHIP???? Are you insane? Do you read the news?
Great idea to talk to her!  Did she advise you on leading when our government has zero credibility?
craven cory: great. you talk to albright, but not your constituents in a REAL TOWN HALL. have one at red rocks! soon!
Not sure why you have this bee in your bonnet when there are MUCH MORE PRESSING CONCERNS. #Trumpmustgo. NOW. What are you doing about it?
She should have slapped you. Your silence on treason & incompetence in the WH that threatens our national security is grotesque. #impeachnow
U.S. global leadership is over if you don't stop with this maddening nonsense and wake up. Trump is an existential threat to U.S. supremacy.
If you have higher political aspirations for your future, you are going to need to learn to represent ALL Americans, not just hard core @GOP
Based on that look, she realizes you're a useless stuffed suit topped with a ratty, deformed off-brand Cabbage Patch Kid
Won't happen with a loose cannon President who leaks secrets to the Russians.
would love to hear the outcome of a conversation with her regarding this #TrumpRussia investigation as well.
What action will you call to be taken on #TrumpRussiaCoverUp ? Call for an independent prosecutor. Step it up Senator #accountability
Very pleased to see that a Repub considers democracy important still. Perhaps, authoritarianism is the model ideology for Prz & most repubs
Where are Trump's taxes? Why is the president divulging classified info to the Russians? What are you doing about healthcare? WHERE ARE YOU?
Good she's wonderful. Maybe she can give you some tips!
time for action on Trump leaks. To sit with Albright and not mention Trump leaks is pathetic.
But no word on Trump endangering US allies by giving classified intel to a hostile foreign agent...
Can you also discuss what, if anything, the GOP is doing about 45? #IMPEACH!
Ms Albright is great. You...not so much.
Hey Cory, how about a comment on Trump's carelessness with highly classified intel?
Thoughts on reports of trump leaking classified info to Russians in that meeting? Thoughts on "tapes"?
