Judge Gorsuch is an exceptional jurist who will bring a Western perspective to SCOTUS. Learn about the hearing here:
The prospective of destroying Colorado. Your people don't like Gorsuch. Check your mail.  You Tweet like Trump!
@RepTipton can't wait to donate against your reelection . You are a terrible leader and a worse person 
you think your safe until 2020. Ever hear of the term "recall"?
unfortunately can't recall a US senator

:Listen to Colorado. Don't lockstep behind Trump. We don't want that. Gerrymandering won't save you. Listening will.#oneterm
This should Garland.........He was robbed of his chance.
Looking forward to you being out of office for being out of touch with your own state.  #wearenotimpressed
do you think her student debt collection company would have any interest in that? You don't care. You already got paid.
.@SenCoryGardner the only SCOTUS nominee who deserves a hearing is Merrick Garland.
@RepTipton Trump is spending a huge amount of taxpayer dollars on weekend trips to MarALago. Can you stop the bleeding?
i look at my son everyday and see how bad you guys are stacking the deck against him.
Have U looked at his record? Oh wait you didn't bother! Just like U don't bother w/listening to your people.
I was looking forward to you introducing Merrick Garland. Guess my vote for Obama serving two terms doesn't count?
Wow it's crazy that Devos would repel an act that keeps inflating interest rates for student loans.
@RepTipton your votes do not reflect Colorado.
please do us all proud in Colorado say no to Trumpcare.I like living a lot. My daughters had mental health issues lot a meds
you suck at your job.
wish I heard the intro. Have watched much of the hearings, encourage others to do so too.  #confirm #confirmgorsuch
I hope you understand that your support for all things trump will make you a one term senator
Be brave - do the right thing - insist trump to stop taking so many vacations - he is literally stealing from us.
if you are indeed representing your constituency.... you would NOT be a primary player in the introduction. #represent
Colorado voted for Obama to nominate justices in his term, not Trump
And if he is confirmed, he will forever occupy a stolen seat. Shame on @SenMajLeader / @GOP : devoid of all integrity
so proud aren't you, yet failed to do @POTUS44 nomination? Now you want praise? Hypocrite!
no, to Gorsuch.
noooooooooooo
question, is stealing ok? For example stealing a Supreme Court seat? I'll wait here for your response. #garlandsseat
democrats should block you nominee ,karma
Judicial Watch loves Gor such. That's a red flag against him, big time.
stolen pick...and you're proud?  Do your job!  Country before party, I beg you
Looking forward to you standing up to 400,000 Coloradans on expanded Medicaid.
coward.
thanks Cory. What about the 20+ million insurance policies?
i'm beyond disappointed, Corey. This is a stolen seat, and Gorsuch does not represent the best for CO or the USA.
if you held town halls IN colorado, you might know that. Bennett has been, and he's showing you up.
stolen appointment. Should not be confirmed.
looking forward to introducing Senator Hickenlooper after the next election
Just NO!
of course you are you 
No on Gorsuch!  #resist
so I have continued to call and write your office since your "town hall" and still no one calls back. Still not listening?
Unfortunate bc most Coloradans don't want him. We wanted Garland.
No. No. No. No. No.
#Stolenseat #MerrickGarland
@RepTipton Judge Gorsuch is a misogynist. if on the court, he would threaten women's right to choose. he needs to be blocked
No, no, no are you deaf! Listen to your constituents! We do not want Gorsuch! When are you going to hold a real town hall???
seriously?
McConnell's boy Gorsuch should be blocked, it's Merritt Garland's position.
what about Merrick Garland?
I am so sorry to hear this - As a constituent you are a disappointment to me as representing the great state of Colorado!
You shld not vote 4 him if you want support from CO residents.
Looking forward to your townhall tour like Senator Bennett is doing. When is it going to happen?
we don't want Gorsuch- listen to your constituents.  When is the in person town hall Cory?
He's too cowardly to actually have one. meeting constituency makes it hard to claim they r paid protesters
#sellout
looking forward to voting you out of office in 2020.
No to Gorsuch! Quit being a ponyboy for Trump and the Republicans. I have four words for you: CON-STIT-U-ENTS.
I made a mistake by voting for you. Dammit, too late. #CoryCoward
I'm looking forward to working with other disappointed Coloradians to make sure you are #onetermandout
I would be more excited if you had given Judge Garland and Obama the same courtesy that you are giving Judge Gorsuch & Trump
Why isn't @SenBennetCO joining you?
it's a good thing I didn't see you on our flight from Denver to D.C. Monday before we were exiting. In-Flight Town Hall.
Not me buddy.
@RepTipton “For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?”
Mark 8:36 KJV
Trump is in the last year of his term. We should let the next president nominate someone to fill this seat.
What about introducing yourself and explaining what you are  doing to protect my family's health care coverage, still waiting
Looking forward to making you a one-term so-called senator #MerrickGarland
THIS candidate is not qualifyed to be on the Supreme Court. We also need u to vote against the terrible heath care bill.
Shame on you.
he is not the right choice
better for you to introduce YOURSELF to your constituents at a REAL TOWN HALL.
CO does not support Judge Gorsuch
.@SenCoryGardner Thank you for standing up for this fine jurist,ignore libtard trolls who want activist lib @Scotus to destroy #constitution
not one person with knowledge of Merrick Garland ever considered him "activist" just so you know.
.@RMooreCO77 @SenCoryGardner @Scotus Doesnt matter. Anyone nominated for Supremes by #obama will vote with the other minimally-hinged libs
ok, yeah, gotcha.
Sorry Cory - that seat belongs to Merrick Garland. NO GORSUCH!
Interesting to see how your Twitter Follower would vote.
Listen to your constituents! I seriously doubt he bothers to read our comments but its worth a try.
you are shameless. Merrick Garland had a rightful place on that bench and you know it. This will all come full circle Cory.
you realize you took part in a modern day coup not giving judge Garland a vote right?
Glad to see this is moving along. The sooner we get him on SCOTUS the better.
he would be terrible for the American people.
should be introducing Merrick Garland instead. This is a stolen seat Cory. Let's discuss at a town hall meeting.
time to think about people from Colorado and stop pandering to big corporations
. @SenCoryGardner There's nothing "Western" about filling a stolen seat with someone who puts corporate interests above those of individuals
please vote no, he only cares about big corporations, apparently like you
Gorsuch has proven bias against reproductive rights. As constituent- I ask VOTE NO
We need fewer #heritagefdn nominees
If there is any inkling Gorsuch is going to hinder reproductive rights, I'd vote no. You're already on thin ice, Senator.
Great! lets get him confirmed quickly!
Good luck with that.
NO NO NO NO NO!!!!!!!
just trying to keep it simple for you, Cory! #NO!
A much needed addition to the SCOTUS.  Hopefully it won't take too long to get him in.
omg, he would be the worst
Is that what Trump told you to say? "CoryBot must follow Mango Mussolini instructions."
that's your priority? Home bound seniors are going to lose out fr your boy's budget. You're no Christian.
You should have been looking forward to doing your constitutional duty when #Garland was up for SCOTUS. #partyoverpeople?
Blrw that one too.
