A statement on an issue you have no control over and silence on the healthcare issue you do have control over is cowardice.  VOTE NO on GC
Name your donars! Who's telling you to vote Yes for that travesty of a bill? WHO ARE YOUR DONARS?
Yes we should follow the money
If these politicians took Oligarch-Putin connected money, I'm asking WHO ARE YOUR DONARS?
Who are your donors?
I hope you focus as much on voting NO on this new healthcare plan as you are north Korea.
Let's see: NUCLEAR WAR VS HEALTHCARE??? ONE CANCELS OUT THE OTHER! Colorado is full of clueless freaks.
you're a female trump supporter and YOU call ME a freak? bahahaha. good one.
You know nothing. I was a Bernie supporter. I was never a big hrc fan. But she was better then 45.
Bernie is a socialist! Who's supposed to pay for ask the free crap he promised? Oh, yes, working people like me pay for it! Democrats suck!
We won't continue to be a superpower if you don't stop Trump! He & GOP (you) are destroying everything that makes us viable as a country.
And yet you support a bill that strips millions from health care and will close rural hospitals. Killing people for billionaire tax cuts
You're a liar. Who are your donars? Name them one by one. Who did you sell your constituents and the American people to? Name them.
"I will make no statement on #GrahamCassidy .  I will vote "yes".  I do not care about your calls and letters.  Screw you all." ~ C.Gardner
About a dozen tweets on NK in the past week, but silence as usual on destroying our healthcare system.  Do you see a problem here?
He's the ringleader
Hey Cory....  what's your vote on #CassidyGraham? 
Your constituents here in CO really want know.
It better be NO.  IT'S A HORRIBLE BILL!
You are a liar. You are a Koch puppet. Colorado can't wait to see you replaced. #onetermcory #GOPHYPOCRISY #GOPTRAITORS
Watched u lie to America on CBS this morning. Honestly, how do u sleep at night? Hope your voters help drain the swamp by voting u out
Why do you not post your thoughts on Graham Cassidy? Still hedging your bets or just want to keep your state voters in the dark again?
Approximately 468,000 Coloradans will lose health insurance under Graham-Cassidy.  This is the business you need to attend to now. Vote "NO"
What is your position on #GrahamCassidy? Try to think of the Colorado citizens when you vote this time! Work with Democrats!
If you vote yes on the current healthcare bill, I will be one of many who will vote you out.
He's in the wrong state to be siding with republican donors instead of his constituents
Constituents want your position on Graham-Cassidy, which poses a more immediate threat to our health and welfare than N Korea. Vote NO
AARP says Colorado insurance premiums for 60 yo will rise by $10K per year under Graham-Cassidy. Speak to this, Senator.
So literally there are no people that support #GrahamCassidy in these comments. Please start listening to the people you represent.
The NYT reported Gardner told caucus “donors are furious” and GOP needs to “keep promise” to repeal/replace ACA to stabilize fundraising.
How can you say LG isn't political? That's just a lie. How do you look at yourself in the mirror?
Good to know. Now please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy.
Please vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Spend a few seconds and focus on your constituents in Colorado and do the right things - vote no.
Please remember @SenCoryGardner, that those threatening not to vote for you over a yes G-C vote were NEVER going to vote for you anyway.
Tell that to my mom and stepdad! I know plenty of Colorado folks who voted once for Cory-but think he's STEALING healthcare and enabling DT.
I wager @SenCoryGardner would lose 1000 votes for not following the repeal/replace line (primaries no less) for every mom/stepdad. Politics.
I wager he never represents Colorado again. We are educated and compassionate. Not cruel and selfish. Party doesn't matter.
You might be right but being a republican and being educated and compassionate are not antithetical or mutually exclusive.
Which is why Single Payer is superior. You would get paid properly for every patient. My point exactly about party--this is about life.
joints and so on, it's necessary for new antibiotics to treat emergent bugs. Gov can't do that. No profit, no choice. You do seem nice tho
The CDC is an example of a very functional publicly funded research institution. No profit--no focus on botox & viagra! Just lifesaving.
No! We are watching you. Vote no on healthcare.
We are waging a campaign against you like you've never seen. Signed your constituents
Cory--based on NYT disclosure your constituents are now "furious"
Vote NO on disasterous graham-cassidy
You might want to tell your president to stop fighting at recess.  People will die while he shows us what a big man he is.
I am a former REGISTERED REPUBLICAN. *Former*! Still a CONSERVATIVE, but NOT voting 4 YOU Cory. Will do all I CAN to see you removed.
If Alaska and Maine are getting more money, why isn't Colorado?? I demand that all states get more "winning" money!! Just more GOP hypocrisy
Senator, you help Trump start a war and America will rebel against Trump and his "enablers".
Vote NO on Graham Cassidy!
If you can find time in your busy schedule of ignoring CO & ignoring PR & VI, there's quite a few Americans needing your help there  NOW.
Still waiting on your statement regarding #GrahamCassidyBill, @SenCoryGardner. How do you intend to vote? #VoteNo - bill is bad for CO!
He doesn't care about his constituents
Cowardly Cory tweets about North Korea all day while he plots behind the scenes with Mitch McConnell to screw over Colorado
More will die from ACA repeal and replace with GC than nukes from North Korea (unless Trump starts a war).
If you truly want to protect your fellow Americans from harm, take the advice of  the Heart and Cancer Associations  and vote NO on GC.
Thank you for speaking up to protect health care for Coloradans!
I just can't get get cover that we have to beg people to do the decent thing.
Vote no on GC
N korea distraction while you sellout the american peoples healthcare to republican donors. You MFers are dispicable!

To the Honorable @SenCoryGardner 
Please do not dishonor the people of Colorado nor their wishes. Please vote no on #GrahamCassidy
You are a fool
Easy breezy on that issue, no one in Colorado is siding with NoKo! What's your position on the latest healthcare bill?
current tensions with N. Korea are due almost entirely to the actions of the Idiot In Chief and lemmings like you.  [1/2]
escalating the rhetoric is the last thing we need. Stand up against the fool, or sink with him Cory. [2/2]
Your rich donors won't matter when a groundswell of YOUR constituents vote you out of office. Maybe then you can shine their shoes.
We will vote you out! No
Vote No
Hey. You wanna be a hero and a good man, or you wanna be a weasel with the blood of the innocent on you?

No tweets about #GrahamCassidy? Don't want to remind the big donors of your failure to kill a lot of Americans?
Someone explain to me why we haven't engaged NK yet? Don't say China because they will not act. Russia is US mistress so nix that too...
Vote yes on killing Obamacare once and for all.  This is what we voted for! Ignore minority who show up at town halls and your office
Gardner is leading the @NRSC He's been meeting w furious GOP/1% donors demanding their tax cuts 
Tax cuts that will come only w/repeal of HC
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/06/24/cory-gardner-koch-brothers-retreat-gop-health-care-bill/ …. Just follow the money
Don't try to get folks to ignore your healthcare stance. We will vote you out if you vote for Graham-Cassidy.
We wouldn't have nuclear war w/NK if Trump would stop provoking him! Put some tape over his mouth and shut him up! This effects the world!
VOTE NO on Graham-Cassidy!  Join Senator McCain & put people's lives before party!


Mr.Gardner I hope you are not just a YES man to Donald Trump! I really hope you are taking in consideration the people of Colorado on Heath
care!You work for the people of the state of Colorado and you owe it to us to make the best decision not to pass a bill just
Oh maybe you haven't thought about the 50000 expats that live in South Korea and Japan?
Hey, @votevets @commondefense how many CO veterans rely on Medicaid?
If you cant stand up to protect the most vulnerable in CO then you have no business calling yourself a United States Senator! #CassidyGraham
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/06/24/cory-gardner-koch-brothers-retreat-gop-health-care-bill/ … 
No!
#corythecreep "... trying to get more information" translation: "I'll just keep giving you weasel answers until I vote yes for my masters."
Please: Vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Represent your constituents
Your words in your newsletter: "I will continue to work in a BIPARTISAN FASHION and fight for...affordable health insurance for Coloradans."
So does that mean there will be no Trump tower in Russia? #FakeNews
No repeal for ACA!
Yes we need to deal with NK, but could you communicate just ONCE about how you plan to vote on the Health Care Bill? #GrahamCassidy #VoteNo
dont change healthcare or you will be looking for a new job
We wanna know about #CassidyGraham #SaveOurCare
"Donors are furious. We haven’t kept our promise."
--@SenCoryGardner
Donors are furious? DONORS are furious? How about your constituents?! Who do you represent, Cory?
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/06/24/cory-gardner-koch-brothers-retreat-gop-health-care-bill/ … 
F**k North Korea, what about our health care, I am on Medicare and Medicaid, VOTE NO, people will remember your vote in 2020 you will lose
Where's you full statement DENOUNCING GRAHAM CASSIDY?

Waiting to see which way the wind blows?

Too COWARDLY to do the right thing?
here's an idea: do healthcare the right way (bipartisan). stop being the jerk party.
Your loyalties should be w/ American people, not the peeps w/ all of the $$. You should be working to even that out
Senator McCain has already come out as a NO. Where is your statement on the healthcare repeal?
Please listen to your constituents and vote NO on Graham/Cassidy
Senator, John McCain announced he does not support the latest effort to dismantle the ACA. He understands. Do you?!?
Vote AGAINST Graham/Cassidy
To bad you don't have balls like @SenJohnMcCain
I know hundreds of people who say they will donate everything they've got and volunteer to defeat you if you vote to eliminate Obamacare.
It’s important that Sen. Gardner knows we will remain vigilant. Thank you for continuing to raise your voice in support of health care!
Hes the clown in bed with donors!
America is the biggest outlaws in the world and North korea should do business with china and Russia if they choose to do so
So you are voting for the RR because the donors are drying up. No doubt left as to who you represent - #Boughtandsold #voteforsale
It seems that the Senator cares more about his GOP donors than about the health of Coloradans. Shame. #GrahamCassidy
John McCain: American Hero from start to finish. He has served America with honor and stood up for U.S. citizens Health Care. Cory,take note
Con man Cory @SenJohnMcCain making you look even worse. Taking health care from sick children and the elderly is a dick move.
Who cares!? Where do you land on #GrahamCassidyBill? Your cowardice is showing and your lack of concern for CO is deliberate.
I was too busy reading this, about your rush to repeal healthcare--bc rich DONORS want you to:
We are slowly becoming NOT the most powerful due to @realDonaldTrump His behavior dictates that and you go along with it. Very disappointing
Thank You!
Russia is still providing oil to NK and China is silent.The orange fascist a joke.Where are our diplomats? 11.3.2020
I work in the medical field.  NO ONE WANTS THIS TERRIBLE BILL! vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
As a #Colorado voter, I urge you to vote no on #GrahamCassidy.  We are not fooled by @BillCassidy 's OBVIOUS #LIES ! The bill is terrible.
It's reckless and irresponsible to vote for a bill without a CBO score.  Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill!
I want a statement from you that you are voting NO  on #GrahamCasiddy !
#Colorado
I wish you also cared about healthcare or answering your phones to listen to your constituents. NO on Graham-Cassidy!!!
You're literally going to be stealing tax dollars from Coloradans to give to lesser states, how are you okay with that? 
Where is your full statement on the #grahamcassidybill ?Oh, you know majority of your constituents want you to vote no and you're voting yes
If you vote yes on that ridiculous bill you will be cutting billions of $ from Medicare from people of this state! Grow a pair and vote no!
It's so weird that you're so obsessed with North Korea but don't seem to care about the state you serve!
Tell him your thoughts on the #GrahamCassidyBill
Cory you need to think about we the people on health care PLZ VOTE NO ON Graham-Cassidy worry about N Korea later
Thanks for doing your part to keep the pressure on Gardner and letting him know Coloradans oppose #GrahamCassidy!
Hes the clown in bed with donors to defeat ACA
Maybe you should be more concerned about #GrahamCassidy and it's effects on the people of CO.
Come on Cory is your head somewhere you can't hear? NO ON CASSIDY/GRAHAM Listen to your constituents  2020 is coming and we will remember
Where is your full statement on #GrahamCassidyBill ?  Or you don't you also want to tell us how it won't make coverage unaffordable for us?
SMOKE AND MIRRORS. Your silence on your healthcare stance is very telling. And disappointing.
How about you take the phone away from POTUS.  His childish comments aren't helping the situation.
Colorado and the nation is watching you Cory. Vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy bill.
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. It's cruel and heartless. Hindsight is #2020.
The most immediate threat to Colorado is YOU. You are the Kim Jung Un of our health care. Vote NO.
No Cory read this! All 50 states Medicaid Directors are diametrically opposed to the Graham-Cassidy bill! Vote NO! CO citizens will lose $$$
Cory don't be a coward. Work on meaningful ways to improve healthcare. Diseases don't recognize state borders.
AARP study, maximum Increase in premiums for 60-year-olds with income of $25,000 w/ #GrahamCassidy: Colorado:$10,910 http://goo.gl/xDYL68 
Wait, except you and the white house thought you could circumvent Beijing with THAAD. #hugedisaster #toolatetocallthisyouroriginalplan
@realDonaldTrump saber rattling ha brought us to the brink of war. #ImpeachTrumpNow
vote no on Graham Cassidy.
Senator, you are fixated on N Korea while Trump sold us out to Russia. The freaking irony of it all.
.@SenCoryGardner Your silence RE: wildly unpopular GrahamCassidy. Noted. Your previous votes to repeal the #ACA. Noted. #CountryBeforeParty
Vote NO on Graham Cassidy! Listen to your constituents!
Wish I had time to think about this, I'm busy once again calling you asking you to stop attacking the ACA for like the 70th time! Enough!
Cowardice is the word.  If you have sold out to your big funders and Russia, carry on.  If you care about your voters, then, fix the ACA.
No on Trumpcare Mr. deflection, hide from Colorado voters, loser! 80212
I'd rather read that you're a "no" vote on Graham/Cassidy bill. It will cost Colorado $78 BILLION. It's a bad bill.
$17,000 surcharge to have a baby? Do you support this? #GrahamCassidy
First watch this video. Seriously Senator.... watch it. We're following your steps regarding #GrahamCasiddy
Watch this and forward it to every politician you can!
Those aren't even your words.
Where do stand on #GrahamCassidyBill ?  Please vote "No" for Colorado and the USA. #HealthcareIsAHumanRight #healthcare #HealthCareForAll
Vote "NO" on #grahamcassidy
Please, please vote no on #GrahamCassidy. It will kill or bankrupt so many of us
Gardner,  we care about the Healthcare you plan to rip from us. We fully understand how you to to deflect, won't take a stance on vote.
If you vote for #GrahamCassidy you are taking $10 dollars from every #colorado worker and give it to Texas
Most of #Colorado wants your full statement on healthcare. We don't care what you think about NK.  You aren't a general.
Where do you stand on latest Trumpcare? You wrote a nice book, but you caved on the last ACA VOTE. Put your vote where your mouth is!
I think that right now your constituents are more concerned about you siding with #grahamcassidy than your blah blah about NK. Vote NO!!
Don't forget Coloradans, Sen Cory is backed by Koch bros who are pushing this latest threat to healthcare for the American people.
And Betsy DeVos & fam, Mercers-AKA Club for Growth, NRA...Stealing from the middle class & poor to give tax cuts to donors. Shame.11.3.2020
Can't the most powerful economy in the world ensure Universal health care coverage for it's citizens? Let's take the moral high ground.
Yes, but what about #GrahamCassidy?
Speak out against your big-money donors, and stand up for Colorado on HealthCare. You will be a national hero and win re-election easy.
Cory you have100 responses in a row from people who don't buy your Korea deflection, and simply want you to leave HealthCare in place.
Senator, please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Thank you -- 80232.
Do you read the comments on here? I live in Colorado and what we are concerned with is Cassidy-Graham, Vote no because a yes vote Kills.
I have read many of the comments on this post and all that I have read want you to vote no on Cassidy-Graham. Do the right thing!
If you really want to stop a nuclear war on the Korean peninsula, impeach the hotheaded moron whose itch to launch nukes is well documented.
Vote no on this trumpcare
What's ur statement on healthcare?
Trump is sending such mixed messages on North Korea that he's the main reason that we're on the verge of war Look how he also insulted Iran.
We can't CARE about NK right now! We care about issues at home, about people DYING because of that dangerous bill, Graham-Cassidy! HELP US!
Is there anyone home at Cory Gardner's office!! Vote no!! On this awful bill. Retired which meansoh yes and I will work hard against you
No one cares dude. Make a statement that you oppose #GrahamCassidy and then we can read about NK and impending nuclear annihilation
Apply more pressure to DPRK thru Sanctions.
Have a strong backup Defense Plan.
Fund rebuilding of our Military. 
Monitor wasteful spending.
A new report from the AARP indicates some seniors could pay up to $31,790 more to keep their current coverage
#GrahamCassidy
Have you read the Graham- Cassidy?! Have you even looked at the bipartisan plan? What is your stance?
War mongering evil human beings. NK has done nothing to the U.S. NOTHING! Just like Iraq did nothing. Y are you ppl blood thirsty like Z's!
Don't tell me what to do.
Still not trusting you Senator at all!
Sanctions against all except China-DPRK's main trading partner----vote no on Cassidy-Graham bill-Stand Up!
How are you voting on healthcare? Your opinion on NK not so important right now.
Here's my full statement on Graham-Cassidy: VOTE NO!
Hes the ringleader to end aca for his rich buddies
HEALTHCARE! Look at what happens to coverage in Co., employment in Co., decrease in GSP, increase in costs. VOTE NO! After HC then 
As a constituent I ask you to vote no on Cassidy Graham.
#GrahamCassidy is wrong for CO. Thank you for letting Sen. Gardner know where Coloradans stand!
Not seen one tweet asking for a yes vote!!! Man the phones
What about HC Senator? Are you going to let thousands of Coloradans go without insurance? Vote no #GrahamCassidy
When you start the landing to see the presidents tax returns, I’ll consider what you have to say
Great work. Now please work with  @RandPaul to create a federated, market-based, competitive health insurance environment. Like auto ins.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy death bill. Listen to the American people not you failing party.
Thanks. Vote "no" on Graham-Cassidy & return Senate to regular order. 2020.
What's your vote on healthcare?  We will remember
YOU need to be more concerned about our gottdamn healthcare instead of someone else's 3rd world country. #WhereIsCory
Pointless GOP rhetoric.
Graham Cassidy will kill more Coloradoans than the N Koreans ever will. Don't vote like a sociopath, kill the bill.
Still 0 tweets re #GrahamCassidy, sen. We know what yll do. WTF is wrong w/u you & the GOP that leads u 2 millions losing their hlthcr?
At least Sen Bennett knows where his focus should be! Healthcare is the most important issue affecting American now!
You and Trump no little about diplomacy or foreign affairs. Stick to the concerns  of Colorado and vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy
Our one issue Senator ... until it's time to vote and take away health insurance for millions.
How do you have a statement out on NK and nothing on #GrahamCassidy? We deserve to know where you stand. Hoping you vote no.
You have proven to the State of CO that you only care about your party.  You do not represent CO.  2020 is coming soon. We will remember.
