As the Director of a rural healthcare clinic I have been requesting a meeting with Gardner for weeks w/ no reply.
Not every healthcare center is a member of this group. Your calendar never listed this as scheduled.

#tryharder
Planned Parenthood serves many working class women and families. Please do not support defunding it.
history of PP founder Hillary's idol Margaret Sanger believed abortion for blacks 4 a better Race
Sorry sunshine... Sanger was not advocating the elimination of Afr. Amer. Check your sources
lots of sources. There's old films of her talking to first group of. Women explaining her plan
picture of folks who will be looking for jobs with TrumpCareLessNess
vote no on Trump Care. Listen to your constituents!!
if you do not oppose the repeal of the ACA I will definitely vote you out.
Cory, the Don's Gallup approval stands at 37% today.

Now tell me how you're gonna vote on #TrumpCare?
play to the cameras and then do nothing
So you talked to the profit parties but not the people?  You're behaving like our disgraceful President.
How about if you discuss this with us at a town hall, Cory? The rest of us have a lot to say.
did you share how nearly 600,000 Coloradans risk losing healthcare if ACA repealed?
My two sons with preexisting conditions included
I'm so sorry. DJT is causing extreme angst across this nation. Feels like @SenCoryGardner is turning a blind eye
Did you tell them you've been hiding from the rest of your constituents? #oneterm
Say NO to Gorsuch!
why don't you discuss it with people that will be losing care, and not the ones to benefit from it!
I am still wondering if you are planning to meet with any minority groups to discuss issues. FYI we matter & we vote.
NO VOTE ON THIS BOGUS HEALTHCARE JOKE , YOUR POLITICAL LIFE DEPENDS ON IT .
Just stop. As much as gov't likes its citizens dumbed down, we're awake more than ever. #onetermgardner
true story. I will lead the anti campaign against Gardner.
And I will be with her.
did they also express outrage @trumpcare ? Because they should.
your exclusionary health care plan is part of the GOP's goals : #modernamericangenocide
.@SenCoryGardner @COHospitalAssn 

My company can help lower costs.

BRAND NEW: Tool for Thursday's vote

Want to see how many lose coverage by Congressional district? (Example: Dent)

…
I am happy that health care bill is dead. It would have been devastating for my 10 year old with CF.
Vote in support of this sham and I will work in every way possible to make you a one-term (non)wonder...
Sen Gardner, please a leader for ALL AMERICANS, not just Republican politicians and their special interests
looking to Sen Gardner for bipartisan healthcare that can be foundation for improvements for years to come
Insurance companies still exist even with universal healthcare.Be brave, do the right thing, & give us that.
How many of our rural hospitals will CLOSE under your "plan?"
When he says he enjoyed discussing ACCESS what he meant was he was laughing at you. Repubs have no interest in healthcare only insurance $$.
how about an in person voter round table with the people you represent. ??
Why don't you ever meet w/people actually effected by Trumpcare?  You know, YOUR CONSTITUENTS!!
The people are the ones to keep you in office or make sure you are voted out. Vote No !
Talk to us. When will you schedule a LIVE, IN PERSON town hall? @SenBennetCO did 5 this week. What are you afraid of?
Please discuss this with the entire country!
access and affordability are not the same thing. Say NO to Trumpcare
I like that #IGiveAFuck look on your #Smug #Prissy face
proud to be great amazing @sandratxas #congrating for such #amazing companig
I'm going to take a wild guess how you'll vote on the ACA (hint: not for the good of the people, but for your own wallet).
#gorsuch should not be a justice!!! #resist or it may be your job!!! #demsunite
We all love how you update us without saying anything substantive.  #SinglePayer #coryisacoward
please inform the metro area public on how to speak since you ignore emails and requests for communication
as a healthcare administrator I would like to be apart of your discussions with my fellow administrators
trump care is a giant transfer or wealth to the rich, we are not that stupid sir
Why are you so smug Cory? Do you think you have a chance in hell at a second term?
Affordable access for the rural poor? I'll believe it when I see it. Hope you'll put CO>GOP for a change.
thanks again for Devos. I hear she is going after student loans. Your name comes up every day in this office
my husbands insurance is $700 a month my ACA insurance is 1350 that's over $2000 a month for affordable HC?
Do they like your stance? Did you learn anything?
Will you stand up for 400,000 Coloradans on expanded Medicaid?  Y/N
to Ken Rogers healthcare on ur page says the clinic you work with are disabled animals Soros sheep 
Affordable for who??? How would you know what is and isn't affordable? You don't talk to your constituents.
fourth unanswered request as to your in person Townhall meeting schedule for CO- your home state remember?
Hope they spelled it out (using small words?) how your president & party mean to screw them over bigly.
Did you discuss how access is in grave danger because of your party? Rural CO loses bigly under (R) budget.
: @SenBennetCO finished 5 town halls in two days. You managed one telephone town hall. Colorado is against the AHCA. #oneterm
Did u also talk about millions losing health care under Trump Care?
Hey Cory, there is an open invite airfare paid for by Durango resident for a townhall! @SenBennetCO was here
that word "access" will hurt a lot of Colorado people. #russianpuppet
2020
again...sheep!
when's the town hall meeting, or won't your daddy Trump let you have one?
did you explain why you've been ignoring the voters of Colorado?  You find time for big business.
Lots of people in CO are interested as well. Hold real face to face #GardnerTownHall
Did you explain your support of the known racist & liar, Jeff Sessions?
did you provide an explanation for your support of Betsy DeVos?
How about a round table here in Colorado  Springs, less coats and ties and more jeans and boots (hiking too)!
Just two women in the room?
Vote no on ACHA. 24M without Healthcare. $275B tax breaks to top 2%. Bad deal for all others. Get serious.
and shame on Hospital Assn for allowing itself to be used in political maneuver. We all deserve better.
Cory Gardner has no honor. GOP worked against US for 7 years on healthcare. Cannot wait to do better for CO.
Access to healthcare? Or actual healthcare? Having to pay half your income for healthcare is not access.
PLEASE vote NO on Trumpcare! I still have hope you will do the right thing for Colorado!
Health insurance provides NO health care! Zero. nada. Nothing. It is a parasitic cancer on the HC system.
All those people in your photo stand to lose big time with the AHCA. Bigly. Sad!
Havent seen any plans for affordable health care for ALL yet.
Many vulnerable Coloradans rely on medicaid. Please do not forsake them.
right so you're aware that Trumpcare hurts rural hospitals
With the Trumpcare coming they probably won't need it, they'll be dead. Big tax break for the rich !
that certainly won't happen if you cut Medicaid and line the pockets of insurance companies.
Did you enjoy telling them you're a So-called senator who's planning to screw the rural over?#trumpGOPNoCare
Remember ACCESS far from enough. can "access" a mazaratti but can't afford. Help AFFORD!
what say you, Senator?
No ACA repeal. No #TrumpCare. Have a town hall. Talk to your constituents. #WheresCory @indivisiblefrr
.@SenCoryGardner @COHospitalAssn will Trumpcare help them?
Access doesn't equal a guarantee!
Especially for thos with preexisting conditions, right now my two sons will be left out to end in bankruptcy, thanks to you!
Why do you pretend that this will be the first time you show a spine? We all know you will do as told.
give us access to Medicare!
I love the "listening face." Behind it lies the "Im choosing party of CO and about to fuck you all over" thoughts
you mean how the new healthcare bill takes away funding for rural hospitals you mean that bill.
do you support the AHCA? Seems like the priority is tax cuts for rich w/bones for the rest of us.
Hope you enjoyed this: http://coloradohealthinstitute.org/uploads/postfiles/Alternate_Funding.pdf …
another insipid update. tell you what: why don't you update your constituents on healthcare at a real town hall?
He knows we - both sides - would bring eggs. Rotten eggs.
PUPPET!!!
@SenCoryGardner how long have you been practicing your concerned face?
you mean how you intend to work with the R's to strip 24M of healthcare?
When AHCA comes up for a vote, we'll see where you stand on rural healthcare concerns. I have a guess..
Wait Cory are you in CO?
While you're in town, Senator, we are still waiting for a town hall to speak with you
so you will be taking a stand against the AHCA? Or would that risk angering Agent Orange and Paul Ryan?
You know the AHCA shafts older Americans, both urban and rural, right?
And preexisting conditions too
people don't need "access" to affordable care, they need ACTUAL affordable care.
How about meeting with your constituents, who are mostly happy w their ObamaCare? Tax breaks for the rich?
cool photo op with you rocking that pensive look.
They probably told you why Trump's WealthCare is so terrible. But you, as usual, don't listen except 2 Trump
you enjoyed that, huh? What do u have to say about AHCA costing more and covering less than the #ACA?
