Trump on North Korea: "Patience is over" http://hill.cm/KbU6FXd  
We're not going to get distracted.  Trump. Needs. To. Go.
Real interested in North Korea all the sudden. How about you come down and tell us all about in a town hall? Or...are you to scared?
A voice agreeing with everyone else.  Focus on Colorado issues.  Drop the charges filed against people in wheel chairs who need healthcare.
Senator Gardner, would you please condone the bad behavior of POTUS in 40 characters so Coloradoan's know where you stand?
Stop normalizing him you partisan hack. Trump is a dangerous megalomaniac and your ONLY job right now is to protect CO from him.
We need to help our own people, too! Vote no on this horrific healthcare bill!!
Things are going to go badly for Trump - decide which side of the fence you want to be on.
Vote against the healthcare bill. No one here cares about North Korea right now.
You're the literal worst.
Let's not get into an unnecessary war. Let's fix our health care! Let's fix our mentally ill president! Hindsight is #2020!
It's time to stop you and your cruelty toward people that need help.  Show some compassion.
Gardner=Trump
Tough talk for malingering yellow-belly who won't face his constituents. Exchange #NorthKorea with #RealDonaldTrump and I'd get behind you.
You have no credibility, who cares what you think about NK. You should be meeting with your constituents but you are a liar and a coward.
Um can you maybe focus on voting against the health care bill that will ACTUALLY kill Americans?
U know what I respect about Rep Coffman? He came back and faced constituents. Don't really care if it's strategy on his part,he faced it
When our Reps do that,I have respect even if I disagree
HOW FUNNY no mention about the SENATE SANCTIONS  BILL ON RUSSIA NEEDS 2 BE PASSED
Your re-election plan looks doomed without some in person town hall meetings and soon!
Bro can you focus on Coloradans for a minute?
Obamacare bankrupt
how about health care that doesn't make you homeless.
It's time to stop hiding from your constituents #CoryTheCoward #PruneTheGardner #Resist
We The People of Colorado pay you and also your staff. It is your duty to listen to us whether we agree or disagree with you
It seems as though you only meet with corporate sponsors to better further your career,instead of actual Coloradans that you have a duty 2
It's time for you to actually care about the health and welfare of all Coloradans. #DoYourJob
It's disgraceful that you had protesters arrested. Hold a town hall and talk to your constituents!
I agree focus on CO for a change.  Stop sucking up....
We will remember what you've done on Election Day! #trumpslapdog
U need to focus on voting "No" on #Trumpcare right now. Concerning NK, we need a mature adult in the WH to lead first. #25AmendmentNow
You are out of touch with your constituents. Hold a town hall. Vote no on the Senate healthcare bill.
YES!! Listen to your people!!
Sanctions on N Korea but Trump wants to reduce Russia, a direct threat? Also, VOTE NO ON THE HEALTH CARE ACT before you kill someone!
Foreign policy is for the executive branch. Fix Obamacare!
RINO
When are you going to do something about Putin and Russia?  They are a much bigger threat to American sovereignty and global democracy.

You are truly an embarassment.
Thank you for supporting @POTUS .
@SenCoryGardner we used to have a policy called containment. Worked great during #ColdWar. Why not here?
It's time to take care of Colorado.
And stop this mentally ill president!!
Why don't you worry about Colorado and it's citizens and there Healthcare... you vote yes to trumpcare you're done no re-election
It is time you met with your constituents. It is time for you to stop supporting trump. It is time to put country over Party.
I can't help but wonder what kind of maximum pressure it would take to get you to stop ignoring your constituency in regards to the ACA?
Your kids would look good in the uniform, Brave Cory. Sign them up!
Nice attempt to change the subject. I DARE U TO CARE and vote no on #BRCA & protect @Adapt #CoPolitics
Worry about Colorado!
The good people of CO made a YUGE mistake in thinking that you OR the @GOP give a sh*t about them. 

Tax break for the wealthy or bust!
Warmongering the day before the 4th...fitting for you 
How about voting no on Trumpcare. How about you focus on your constituents first.
Bloody sycophantic sell out.  You represent Colorado like Roas Parks represented the KKK.
@SenCoryGardner I enjoyed watching the police wrestle a disabled person to the ground & drag them from your office. Your such a humanitarian
It's time you take a stand on healthcare that takes care of people in your state. Or get out!
Take your war mongering and stick it, Senator
Start working for Colorado.  You spend zero effort working for your constituents and 100% kissing Ts butt. Vote NO on trumpcare.
Bull
I've read every reply here. We've covered it all except #getarealhaircut
Not as much a PRIORITY as your
 NO vote against #GenocidalAmericanHealthcare
@SenCoryGardner
Con Man Cory you are Trump's puppet. #Trumpcare #conmancory
You love this #NorthKorea bs. Trying to distract from the issues concerning Colorado citizens.  Bush league stuff Con Man. #Trumpcare
It's time to start #gardenertownhalls & apply maximum pressure. Last week's healthcare announcement is an awful first step.
Really? Let's talk health care!!
It's time to stop @realDonaldTrump . Serve your constituents. #onetermsenator
Hey Cory, how about a town hall? Your constituents would like a word with you. @healthvote @ColoSenGOP @9NEWS @denverpost
#Scared  
Deflection. Misdirection. Hocus pocus. Hey, what's that over there? Quit the crap and deal with your constituents.
Remember @SenCoryGardner you work for Colorado and so far you're doing a terrible job improving the lives of your constituents.
Please quantify "maximum pressure." No one in this sadministration, or you, Senator, speaks in specific terms.
Just so you know, we’re assuming you’re 100% behind AHCA as you co-wrote it and haven’t said otherwise.
@SenCoryGardner you are such a Trumppet. Spineless & transparent U R Co. won't forget UR actions #brownnoser #spineless #corporate #sellout
You do realize that your Master has no idea what he is doing. @realDonaldTrump
Yes constituents also apply maximum on U & GOP quality healthcare doesn't kill - bancrupt us. Our lives your hands.
Funny, don't see same concern about capitulation to Putin. Interfere in election, now Pres plans on reversing sanctions. What a statesman.
Congress needs to make sure that @realDonaldTrump can't take any military action against NK without prior approval
Frankly, I am more worried about you trying to take away my protections for pre-existing conditions and lifetime max #NoBRCA
Healthcare. What s your stand there?
Red herring! We already have sanctions... protect Coloradans and our healthcare.  VOTE NO on #BRCA
The hatred, divisiveness and dysfunction in our political discourse is as big a threat to democracy as North Korea.  Let's work on that also
Remember when you had a bunch of disabled people arrested and somehow actually thought you could just change the subject?! You're nuts, man.
Since you agree with first steps, when are you going to take the first step and meet with your constituents? #Coward #OneTerm
What's Cory up to?
You'll change your mind tomorrow Cory.
Too bad you're placing sanctions on your own constituents. No on trumpcare. Trumpcare sanctions needed healthcare
It's unlikely the Trump administration will be able to make progress on North Korea. Trump thrives on chaos. Productive diplomacy is out.
There is no easy solution to North Korea. Moving swiftly will not work. First, it's necessary to restore the world's confidence in the U.S.
Huh? Yeah - North Korea is important; but you've got an out-of-control President, & a failed health-care bill. Focus on the important stuff.
#republicants all about war and destruction. sell more weapons. how about a healthcare safety net? climate stability? green economy growth?
what about providing healthcare to americans, including all of your constituents, rich & poor? what's yr comment?
Do you have children on the frontline? Support our troops & exhaust all other options before you act on them being deployed! #ThinkB4YouAct
It's time to listen to your constituents and kill the Senate wealth-care bill. Will you do the right thing?
What's going on with #healthcare
@SenCoryGardner If you think letting Trumpty Dumpty negotiate with a despot is a bright idea, you're as ignorant as he is. I'm ashamed of CO
You looked at your mentions lately, bruh? 
So tired of your focus on anything but healthcare! You are a public SERVANT and your constituents want to talk with you about HEALTHCARE!
And healthcare?  Russian interference? Trump's financial records?  A town hall could bring you up to speed. @indivisibleden @indivisiblefrr
Stop towing #trump line. Your job is in jeopardy! Please stand up & represent your constituents.
Tough talk from the coward who couldn't face his disabled constituents last week.
It's time to do a  town hall but that's not seeming to get you to do the right thing either
Your mind should worried about our own narcissist not NK's! First and foremost vote NO on new healthcare bill!
Found the GOP's next war already? This time your children lead the charge. Not ours!
It's also time to pass Healthcare and tax reform. Cancel Aug vaca
I have no respect for you at this point. At least across the U.S.Your colleagues have met with constituents. Tells me U know ur wrong
Again,I implore you,Take trip to Oz. Avoid  falling houses. Find Wizard. Ask for courage and conscience. Face constituents,CowardlyCory
And what about health care? Clearly the people of CO want to talk about it. How about listening to your constituents.
Your constituents, mostly, did not vote for Trump, you are supposed to be working FOR us. Stop being self-serving #Wealthcare
What about policy here at home? Where do you stand on #Trumpcare? We haven't heard from you. A Town Hall would be a start. #noAHCA
It's time to stop pretending that you were working on a health care bill. Imagine, for each follower you have, 1000 would lose care
$133B in tax breaks? Call it #wealthcare
See you tomorrow 
2020
And it's time to stop the crap health care bill you supported Senator.
It is time to stop the #BCRA and for you to stop hiding from your constituents. #WhereIsCory #NoBCRA #HealthcareBill
It is also time to oppose taking away healthcare from Coloradans. Think about what your vote will do to rural CO #healthcare
You need to be responsible for people who are poor and disabled and will be devastated by Trumpcare.
Senator, you do realize that North Korea governs in secrecy but the US should not.  Then why Healthcare reform secrecy?
Hey @SenCoryGardner how about a town hall for your constituents. Don't you care about us? We have a few questions for you.
No word about the disabled women you had dragged out of your office and arrested rather than hearing their fears youll kill them? Happy 4th!
It's also time to put your constituents ahead of your own party's and your own personal agenda sir. Face the music and start listening!
You realize there is a major call from Americans in the United States and specifically CO who want you to talk to us about healthcare?!?
THERE YOU ARE! I was starting to miss you.
Folks: It's time to stop @GOP "wealthcare" plan.  Last weeks failure to hold a Senate vote was a good start.  Keep the pressure on! #Resist
Lil Cory is trying to act tough. #OutofTouch
Its time to oust the regime! Sanctions mean little more than acceleration towards the inevitable. Its time to form a military action plan.
Chickenhawk-you sending your kids to war?
Healthcare? States Rights? Happy Independence Day, the Senate wants to get us a war. No better way to make American jobs Cory?
Show up in your state, Cowardly Cory
Must vote NO on Wealthcare!
Vote no on BCRA. Don't drive the GOP bus over the 241k Coloradans who lose Insurance.  The Senate bill has approval rating of 15%
It is time to apply maximum pressure on you- HOLD AN IN PERSON TOWNHALL TO DISCUSS HEALTHCARE!!!!
Yes, our priority should be a distant nation with no meaningful role in world politics and not fixing our economy, judicial system, etc...
How about being concerned about matters closer to home? It's time to stop #Trumpcare.
Did you hear Putin says their "patience is almost up" too? It's time to stop #Russia also! #DerelictionOfDuty
God you are such a dingus I can't stand it.
For years now, some on left have been labeling anyone who disagrees "racist, sexist bigot." Please speak out against leftist slander&hate.
You're too #weak to stand up to your own President, now you want to stand up to someone else's? #DoYourJob #TownHall
@thehill You post like this and all I can think is-Cory is showing CO average voter, just how little he cares.
2018 we make the necessary changes.
We won't forget what you've ignored while sitting in Trumps coin purse helping with trumpcare and meeting with Koch. Coloradans are ashamed!
Time for U to quit ducking constituents. You need to man-up, do your job b/c CO deserves better. U say one thing; vote record says opposite
Reform healthcare.  Passbudget&taxreform. Speak out when conserv/libertarian solutions&those proposing them are slandered by some on left.
@thehill Senator, still nothing on healthcare?!?  Did you have anything to do w/ the GOP bill?  Your silence means????
that's a big mouth you have there. Do you also have the capacity to listen? Town hall. In person. Come on. Do your job.
It's time for you to talk to your consistents and your Governor about health care.  A town hall would be a great first step.
It's time to meet with your constituents to discuss the healthcare bill that will affect every last one of us. You wanted this job, do it!
He only wanted the job for the money, not for “We the People”.
Please stand up for citizens, too. Single Payer Health Care is fiscally conservative AND will increase access to care. Do the right thing!
I think its time to stop 45, as well as GOP members like yourself. Enjoy the rest of your term. It will be your last. #stillnotpaid 80015
It's time to man up and face your constituents
WHO CARES! Don't take away people's healthcare! Worry about the US and Colorado first, stop obsessing over NK!
It's time for you to hold a town hall. Letting protesters get arrested because you won't listen is unacceptable. Don't take away healthcare
I don't care about NK.I care about your lack of representation of me, as a constituent. Healthcare & our Russian loving president! Townhall!
How's that ducking the subject of health care and people in wheelchair arrests working for ya? Let's look at the comments shall we?
Hmmm, not so good. Maybe you should consider talking to your constituents in an open town hall instead of the cherry picked audiences.
@SenCoryGardner make sure we write into the new healthcare bill that it will apply to ALL! No congressional exemptions! None! #acafailure
Why won't you hold an in person town hall? Then we can discuss this & healthcare. No more tele town halls where questions are screened.
GAH!! STOP HIDING FROM US!  Your cowardice keeps triggering my caps lock button!
Coloradans care about you taking health care away from our families not your self-serving obsession with N.Korea. Vote NO!
It's time for you to stop supporting Trump and this evil regime. Vote no on #Trumpcare.
Why are you deflecting from at home issues like Healthcare,town halls and distancing your self from Donald Trump?You will not be re-elected
#SendCoryBacktotheFarm he has NO business in DC. He's like a starstruck kid.
It's time to STOP Trumpcare aka Wealthcare aka BCRA. Greater threat to Americans wellbeing than NK
Will this help my mother in law keep her nursing home care or can she come and live with you?
Same should go for Russia.
It's time for a town hall! You've proven to be an political Ideologue with little concern for your constituents. SO SAD!
Love to watch man lose job slowly and publicly. Koch ain't gonna save you, brah.
Sooo, after you take our healthcare away and we somehow survive that, then we can look forward to being nuked?
Would really have been considerate to at least have talked to protestors. Certainly made time to meet with Koch. Bought and paid for?
That's great, . Would you maybe, for once, address the issue that REALLY affects Coloradans: Your Support of TrumpCare?!
What the hell does "maximum pressure" mean? You know we have nukes, right? Is that what you're suggesting?
Whatever you say, hidden senator.
Seriously? What about COLORADO and our HEALTH CARE?!
It's time you face your constituents.
