Raise taxes on the rich!
How about instead of your hate for the wealthy, we just say, lower spending and cut all taxes.
Any examples of a successful libertarian state? 

To assume hatred is involved with sound economic policy, is a purposeful distortion.
Yes America 2020
Exactly - no examples in history. America will want a change in 2020, but we will be at war - so it's unlikely we'll get it.
What our nation needs is evolution, a third party to break the mess up. But if you love the hell we are on now, so be it.
You're attempting to persuade the audience with unproven ideas, which largely rest on the assumption ppl do what they're suppose to. /1
And you want to destroy the country with Socialism. The ideas are proven. Time and time again, throughout recorded history free markets work
Tax the wealthy so we can pay for Medicare for All. More estate taxes so we don't pass enormous wealth down generations. Thanks.
This is the worst thing I've read all morning. A nanny welfare state is not the answer. Socialism is evil and ultimately fails.
Wait, so Medicare is evil? Good luck in your next election!
Medicare is a system. A system can not be evil. But the concept of taking your money to pay for me, is a sign of evil.
So I suppose you are opposed to the concept of insurance and police departments?
Huh? Insurance and cops are not the same category. The government has a job of protecting citizens from violence (cops) but not healthcare.
Insurance is paying for other people's healthcare
Insurance of any kind is ONLY to cover risk. Ok. I need to go to work and care for my family.
Why don't you remind CO residents to sign up for health insurance w/the #ACA starting NOV 1? Oh yeah, your president is sabotaging it.
This is why I moved to a doctor who barges monthly for visits and a medical savings plan
Are you speaking of HSAs?
Correct. Combined with my doctor who charges a flat rate. So does my chiropractor. Free market wins.
Yeah, no. News flash: poor people can't afford HSAs.
Government healthcare runined a relative of mine & got her hooked on opioids after forcing her to carry a dead child to full term. So, no
I'm sorry about your relative's experience.
Tax plan simplies and also stops red states from subdizing blue. Helps iur small business and do not mind losing the tax loss for bad invest
More important than any repeal or taxes. Kates Law should have been passed already. This is beyond politics. Trump 2020
Increase tax on 250k and above brackets.
The tax code has nothing to do with higher wages. Example: IBM Boulder has brought workers from India to take US/CO jobs bc they are ...
@IBM has more employees in India than USA. We need to encourage education & skilled US workforce, not a tax giveaway
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/09/28/technology/ibm-india.html?referer=https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/09/28/technology/ibm-india.amp.html …
IBM/Boulder stopped all education programs(too expensive). Was there for over 16 years, watched highly skilled walked out. Execs got raises.
In our global economy a highly skilled workforce is essential. China & India “get it”. Cory is stuck in GOP dogma. @SenBennetCO #copolitics
NO to corporate tax breaks, NO to abolishing the estate tax (which only affects people with over $5.6 million), NO to tax breaks for wealthy
You continue to misrepresent that all these family farms and ranches are going to have to sell to pay for estate taxes. Please, show us one
Increase the minimum wage. Don't put more money into the hands of the rich. Principle before party.
Lower taxes i make more spend more colorado makes more
You're known for not giving a shit. You think we believe you care? BWAHAHA...
5 year averaging needs to come back
Vote YES on President Trump’s Tax Plan!!
Please vote to keep net neutrality
Senator Gardner, are you really reading these? I think you know how Colorado’s affected voters feel about you. Right?
Where have you been?
Done. But do you give a damn?  You seem all about donors, and arent listening to the desires of your constituents.  Address deficit spending
VOTE NO on Koch/Trump billionaire-led #taxreform. The gap between the 1% and the 99% is already too great. We are breaking. Trump wants $$$
These devastating cuts to Medicaid, Medicare & social safety nets target the most vulnerable just as w/ healthcare Stop hurting Coloradans
Please: 1. Propose deduction for business who pay 50% higher than min. wage, a way to raise wages. 2 More deductions for employee benefits packages. 3 Unearned incomes need to be taxed higher, Workers and Employers deserve breaks more than big portfolio holders @realDonaldTrump
Tax you on the hundreds of millions you’ve taken from the Koch brothers and stolen from Colorado tax payers.
get rid of subsidies for coal, oil and gas companies. They are doing just fine without government handouts.
That’s your job. Try not to suck at it
Lots of concern about Trump. Do nothing Congress is the issue. Reps should try working together.  All, move from negative to collaborative
If you cut taxes on businesses, none of the money Will end up in workers pockets.
Did your Republican colleague Roy Moore take money from a white supremacist group in 2005? Methinks YES. 
#1 vote you out of of offuce
Yes, base your legislation on feelings and stories and not evidence and research. Tax cuts+ Current Budget= Massive DEBT. Freedom isn’t free
You're words and actions are like oil and water. Never shall they meet but go the opposite direction. I have lost all faith in you. Sad.
We need tax reform to simplify taxes. 0% below $30k, 15% $30k to $100k, 25% over $100k and Corp.
TAX  THE  RICH
Here's an idea... stop spend so much.
I think there needs to be a tax increase for the rich, not a cut.  But @SenCoryGardner takes his orders from the Kochs, not us Coloradans.
Certainly the huge growth in wealth disparity would argue for higher incremental rates for the ultra rich top 0.1% and 0.01%. Agree Cory?
More focused on healthcare.Small business owners.Our child's policy was just cancelled.  He is an asthmatic 11 yrs old. U r still silent!!!
I responded and you replied with Donald Trump’s bogus rhetoric. That doesn’t work for me, Cory Gardner.
Trump tax plan gives money to corporations not people. Death tax only affects billionaires not middle class Trump can’t pass anything either
Do NOT give the wealthiest huge tax cuts and in turn pretend to be a fiscal conservative!I thought the gop was concerned about the deficit?
Support the middle class - don't give tax cuts to the rich, the middle class needs it more. Duh. But you're bought so you won't do that.
Corporations are doing just fine - no tax cuts to corporations unless there's a benefit for the worker. Duh. But you're bought...
You and your party are the worst, having no sense of decency. No honor. No care for the average hard-working American family.
Maybe enforce the tax code for people making over 200k a year? Not offering tax breaks nationally to people who make 1M?
I'm ok with paying taxes. I like things like emergency services, roads and education. Keep my taxes & use some to implement healthcare 4 ALL
Don't cut corporate taxes, unless they are already providing living wages and healthcare for their employees. Trickle down won't work...
Listen to Paul Krugman.
Wow, read posts from Denver/Boulder Socialists (Communists) oh...Democrats... do you have a job? Pay taxes?  you think I want to pay for you
So you must really oppose corporate welfare, huh? Now that's socialism.
VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO.  That's what I think.
Enact Trumps TaxReform!!!
Pull back on the budget on general. Lower spending first then cut back on taxes
Eradicate 280e for licensed marijuana businesses who operate legally.
Greater tax on wealthy. Don't penalize the once solid middle class.  I have slipped to poverty. Let middle class be strong again. I'm 67.
NOT!! by voting for Trump's tax cuts for the rich. 
NOT!! by voting for multinational tax holiday.
NOT!! by voting to repeal estate tax.
Awhhh how cute pretending you give a shit what we think.  We all know you'll do whatever your donors tell you 
NO AMNESTY will do MUCH for increased blue-collar wages.
Do you support Trump's tax plan than benefits the rich? Do you support Trump's ACA cuts that hurts the poor?
Stop taxing us
The upper 1% got even richer under obama check the facts they hid $$ to avoid taxes. Corp. Taxes aren't pd out of profits add cost 2 U
Patch tax loopholes=$ for infrastructure. Lower taxes 4 lower income=$ in economy. Regular COLA 4 min wage=grow wages. This is not difficult
My thought is that I want Doug Jones to win. #DougJones #DougJones4Senate
#RightSideOfHistory 
Plattitude much Cory?
Co one term #SenCoryGardner wants my opinion on how to fix tax code. Doubtful I have enough $$ to influence him in any way.
Get rid of Trump. Now.
Seems youre getting our outrage. We know everything we type here, you'll do just the opposite, so why should WE bother? You dont LISTEN!
Increase capital gains on stock sales. Average people only have stocks in 401ks which are taxed as ordinary income anyway!
Do not go along with increasing standard deduction and eliminating exemptions which increases rate on working families. Do the math!
Increase deduction for student loan interest and tuition tax credit.
CORY THIS IS GOING WELL YOU SHOULD TWITTER MOAR
@realDonaldTrump Force The Donald to release his tax returns #RussiaGate
You’ve got an angry constituency on your hands, Senator. Raise minimum wages, increase taxes on wealthy, and learn how to govern.
Thanks for raising your voice in opposition to tax cuts for the wealthy!
Senator, demand impeachment of Trump and make the rich pay their fair share in taxes.  Otherwise you are just a sheep.
Senator, make the rich pay their share. Demand a living salary w/ full benefits & provide free healthcare and free college.
This is the only voice you hear, @SenCoryGardner:
Also,  after decades,  I conclude that trickle down,  which this is,  does not work.
Vote no on this package and,  please,  hands off medicare and social security!
You may want to read this http://wapo.st/2gK5JZT?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.d1255d7b54e5 …. Cc @indivisibleden
I'm going to need to see Trump's taxes for the last 20 years before I agree to anything, dear. And you need to be replaced. Thanks.
Tax the rich, a lot
Just do whatever @PplPolicyProj  says
Link tax cuts retrospectively to ACTUAL job creation and wages PAID. Investments made in jobs and workers, then tax cuts allowed.
Follow Trump's lead. "The Art of the Deal;" shoot for the stars; accept the moon.Corps.& sm bus, middleclass must have relief.
Simplify code
Do not promulgate the myth that tax cuts create jobs. We know better.
Cutting taxes for the Uber wealthy is not the way to go Senator
Are you contributing to the destruction of our children's future by voting to confirm right wing crazy people who are now judges for life?
U dont give a crap about what CO wants. Devoting my time 2 voting you out. Hindsight is #2020. Also, shame on ur employees 4 towing ur line.
Start by leaving trickle down Econ theory in the trash. Tax breaks for the wealthy do not help the middle class. Rich keep their tax breaks!
Thank you for standing in opposition to GOP tax cuts that only benefit the wealthiest!
Simplify the tax code. We don't need all these deductions, even if I pay a little more. Close all the loopholes. Tax the offshore accounts.
No new tax policy until we see Trump’s tax returns! New policy should not make the Trump family more rich.
I'm sorry, we don't want to buy you and we shouldn't have to.
Quit giving tax breaks to big corporations and trying to undermine the government.
Just look at Kansas and do the exact opposite!    Trickle down does not work, it has been proven over and over agin !
Let’s look at when US was most prosperous.
You  know-when it was “great”.
The rich were rich & paid taxes. Let’s do that again. #TaxReform
What else was happening when US was most prosperous?
When it was “great”?
Corporations paid taxes. Let’s do that again. #TaxReform
Getting you out of office would be a good start
Tax the rich like you tax the poor is a GREAT start.
Stop lobbying money from influencing your vote is a second
One universal tax rate accross all incomes as a percentage. This includes corporations. Done. Debt solved.
What is your plan to stop mass shootings?

We want #guncontolnow!!!
Start by actually representing the people & not your special interest donors. Then OPPOSE #TrumpTaxScam
We working from the same fact set? 44 cut deficit by 2/3 vs what he inherited. Compare 2 Trump's tax proposal to expand debt $1.5 trillion. https://twitter.com/strongisland33/status/920423192749109248 …
Are you telling Coloradans there is no plan on tax reform, but throw some ideas your way and maybe you will listen to the people of Colorado
Yeah here's an idea, don't sell out America to corporations and the ultra rich.  They don't need any more tax breaks.
Thank you for speaking up & letting Sen. Gardner know Coloradans oppose tax reform that only benefits the wealthy & corporations!
Well for starters, when the health care bill mandates employers provide health benefits then they only hire part time employees.
Since when have you wanted to hear from us? Don't pretend you actually give a shit about anything that doesn't line your pockets, Coco.
Cory Gardner Likes to receive money from companies he lobbies for.
Trickle down is snake oil Senator. It didn't work before, it won't work now. Also, gutting Medicare and Medicaid to pay for tax cuts is evil
Have large corporations in Colorado hire full-time… Not part-time or PRN.
Tell your greedy donors to donate more to charity and get rid of the carried interest loophole. Then impeach Trump so we can have stability
How about making sure your tax changes don't make the rich richer. K, thx.
Thanks for letting Sen. Gardner know Coloradans oppose tax cuts for the rich at the expense of middle class & working families!
More funding for public education!
Really CG what a conman. You are a trumper all the way. You will do what Trump tells you to do.
1. Quit

That's my list.
I am in the hospital & ONLY worried @GOP and @realDonaldTrump I won't have health insurance
NOT worried taxes if I don't have health!!!
Disavow trickle-down economic theory Senator. It’s really not rocket science. But apparently your bribes are more important than your state.
Fair taxes for the average person. Tax corporations accordingly and encourage corporations to increase wages.
WHO are these biz leaders who have EVER channeled their tax cuts into increased wages for employees?! We're at full employment w LOW wages!
Why do Repubs ignore data?! Look at KANSAS! Look at historical data.
sent email
Not sure tax code 'needs fixed'
Economy has been ok for a few years.  But any changes should be Evidence based not Theory based.
DO NOT use dynamic scoring, raise the revenues necessary from high earners to get back to a balanced budget.
Here’s your answer:
Let’s start w/facts: record biz profits, how much has made it to middle class? But now we’re told it will happen with THIS reform bill. HA!
No. Priorities. Deal with the warmongering incompetent in the WH first before he starts WW3. Then we’ll talk taxes.
We wanted to hear from you about your views on health care, and yet...
No tax breaks to the top 1%!
Trickle down doesn't work. Tax big business, tax the wealthy. Some kind of benefits for landlords that keep rent affordable for residents.
U succeeded in kiling net neutrality.Cuts 4 small biz,so they can afford speeds they need 2 compete in global econ. S Kor is 2x our speed
Huge cuts for middle class & poor especially in rural areas. They will feel that hardest. Net provides free educational oppertunities
Your going to have to find some way to subsidize the substantial extra cost we will incur do 2 your poor choices on that issue.
Not to mention the ability it gave some one in say Rye CO to compete on a global level affordably. Throttling will change that completely
Apart from that. Maybe tax break that keep graduates in Colorado. With housing so unaffordable. It's tough to think of buying in CO
Tax breaks of Colorado products. Made in grown in. 
An extra tax on individuals, or corporations that commit "white collar" crimes.
You don't get jailed for that kinda crime. You should at least get taxed more, so we can clean up the mess.
So NOW you want to hear from constituents?!? What on earth for when you don't care about what we think on any other day or any other issue??
“I want to hear” your statement of outrage condemning Trump’s joke about gay people that was reported by the New Yorker. Your thoughts?
I want to hear your thoughts about what you intend to do about the imbecilic madman in the White House? When will it be your turn to speak?
Quit being so liberal do the rite thing help get more conservative people in local government hickinloper is an embarrassing liberal to all
Pretty sure you're going to regret this.... it must be awesome to live in a denial bubble.
1. Remove you and DJT from office.
2. Amend the code to benefit the middle class and assist the poor.
3. Eliminate tax breaks for the rich.
Is that enough "more information" for you?  Or, are you just going to continue to screw your constituents on EVERY issue?  #corythecreep
You can start by raising taxes on the rich to 80% like it was under @GOP President Eisenhower. Then, raise the min wage to $15/hr.
Please respond to confirm that you received my suggestion.
You want to have your crooked ways approved by voters who follow you off the cliff.
The first step is to vote your Koch sponsored ass out of office.
Mandatory living wage
By 2027 almost 80% of tax gains would go to the top 1%, just 12% to the middle 60%, & that  > 1/4 of middle-class families = higher taxes
Yeah, and we're against that, Cory
#25thAmenentNow
Overtime wages do not pay they get taxed at higher rate. Why do you cut the overtime tax rate?  #cuttheovertimetaxrate
Resign and have Hickenlooper appoint a Dem.   How about that for starters?
Why are u in the Senate? I'm serious, what are u trying 2 do? Every major bill u vote for somehow takes from the poor and gives 2 the rich.
Start by voting against this insane tax plan that benefits the super wealthy.
That's hilarious, Sen. Gardner. Every time I try to call it's clear you're NOT interested in what Coloradans, YOUR CONSTITUENTS, have to say
Start by admitting that after 4 decades of destroying economies that Reaganomics doesn't work, we need progressive taxes.
Step 1: acknowledge that tax cuts for the rich do not trickle down to help others, they just make the rich more rich.
Thank you for speaking out against tax cuts for the wealthy & for corporations. This is not the tax reform Coloradans want!
Easy! Remove taxes altogether being as though everything is paid for already and give people the wages they have been overdue to receive
Stop Trump from giving tax cuts to billionaires.
Thank you for speaking out against tax cuts for the wealthy & for corporations. This is not the tax reform Coloradans want!
Eliminate the Carried Interest loophole.
Trump's tax plan is for the rich..
Oh, and 4) don't include an Arctic Drilling rider in your budget / tax plan!
Umm lower income tax therefore increasing wages. Duh.
Start here: 1) no cuts to Medicare or Medicaid 2) don't cut taxes on the rich and 3) don't increase the deficit to give tax cuts to rich.
How about a flat 10% across the board...no exceptions.
It's very simple. All people and businesses pay a flat % as tax. No exceptions, no loop holes.
All you want is to find the highest bidder for your vote. You don't care about the people of CO.
How beautiful that McCain was man enough to take another stand against Trump's "isolationist" crap
lol, really man??? Stop giving tax breaks to the rich, hows that for starters #clueless
Thanks for letting Sen. Gardner know what Coloradans really think about GOP plans to give tax breaks to wealthy donors!
Simple: Don’t get rid of estate tax. Wealthy don’t need 80% of tax cuts. Not really that hard to figure out. Strengthen ACA protections.
I really like this! Action vs empty words! This is a great step in a better direction!
Lolz. Long time no see, Senator. You’re the worst.
I thought the bill is ready to go.  You should have asked months ago if you really cared what we thought
Nail on the head. It’s all for show. 11/3/20.
Do we really have to give you a phone number? You're not going to be in office long enough to be on some fundraising list.
Stop screwing Coloradoians on health care would be first and foremost.
Increase corporate tax rates so that profits are distributed internally as wages  to workers. 80027
Thank you for speaking up & letting Sen. Gardner know Coloradans oppose tax reform that only benefits the wealthy & corporations!
Give tax breaks only for hiring permanent full-time employees with benefits.
A straight tax rate regardless of income.
You Giving Tax Breaks to Trump and the rich, then raising my taxes is not going to be approved by Me.
1) Impeach Trump and Pence
2) Single Payer healthcare 
3) $15 minimum wage
4) Increase public school funding 10x, eliminate choice/vouchers
5) Increase taxes, eliminate deductions for those making $250k or more
6) Imprison Trump and Pence for treason
¿Wile you’re at it give every American a million dollars as well !!
A fair tax code would be one that does not have special exemptions for certain groups.
Higher taxes on the rich.  Or do the Koch brothers not a fan of that?
You could start with the exact opposite of the "reform" currently being pushed by your party.  Wealthy & Corp tax cuts DO NOT increase wages
We want loopholes closed for the 1% and wealthy corporations, we want their tax rates increased, and we want more redistribution.  Got it?
Let's see Trump's taxes
Raise taxes on the wealthy and corporations
Thanks for pretending to listen. Somewhat better than your usual silence. If you really would listen, GOP would act to help its contingents
you should be smart enough to come up with a plan that adequately funds the govt. stop the trickle down bs that has been shown not to work
Hey folks! @SenCoryGardner is pretending he cares what Coloradans think. Time to humor him & share your thoughts on the #TrumpTaxScam.
I want to hear from Coloradans on how to fix our tax code & grow wages. Share your thoughts here: https://www.gardner.senate.gov/taxes  
Some helpful info for composing your response here: http://trumptaxscam.org .
Hey folks! @SenCoryGardner is pretending he cares what Coloradans think. Time to humor him & share your thoughts on the #TrumpTaxScam. https://twitter.com/SenCoryGardner/status/920334601213669386 …
Thank you!
Is this a rhetorical question? You don't listen to us, so why should we bother to respond. Everything is, "I'm still studying". 1/
Then you vote with your party over the best interests of our State and Country. We will be at the polls in 2018 and 2020. Pay attention!
To fix tax code do whatever will prevent the 1% from stripping 99% bare. For wages encourage collective bargaining. Problems solved
Oh the US one, maybe do what every other developed economy does and not tax the poor to feed the rich.
I want a tax code that actually reduces our national debt. We can't keep borrowing money while cutting taxes.
Get rid of TABOR. There, done.
Tax bailout to billionaires won't help middle class families, Cory!
We know trickle down doesn't work 
To start...schedule town halls when people can go, and then don't cancel them. The people of Colorado don't trust you.
