Breaking: @SecretaryZinke recommends no modifications to Canyons of the Ancients National Monument https://on.doi.gov/2uivqX3  
Read my full statement on this announcement:
Are you REALLY going to support a bill being presented in such an underhanded and dishonest manner???
How horrendous is a bill that has to be voted on this way??
There's no good reason to be so desperate to pass a bill that clearly devastates the healthcare and health of sick people.
I'm guessing they cherish their healthcare, too.
Why do you refuse to even MENTION healthcare?? Why won't you tell your constituents how you plan to vote??
Because we all know how he is going to vote. I already know how I am going to vote 11/3/20
I agree! Now, please don't take away my healthcare or demolish democracy. Thank you in advance. Also: have an in-person town hall.
@SenCoryGardner doesn't care about healthcare enough to take a stand against McConnell.If we bought him,maybe he would represent us 11/3/20
Now vote against TRUMPCARE!!!
And to think we had to lobby not to have this done by a moronic administrator
Super! And I'd really love to discuss it with you! When's your next town hall? Also, please refrain from calling the police on constituents
What about those of us who cherish our public health?
You had nothing to do with this. 
Meet us LIVE, IN PERSON town hall.
More great new for Colorado would be you voting against the ACA repeal!
I'm confused, if you cherish our land, why vote yes on Pruitt? 11/3/20
Never should have been threatened by this sham review anyway. Why is he thinking of eliminating ANY monuments? Stand up for all of them.
Hip Hip hooray, something terrible is not happening!
How about honoring citizens of Colorado who want to live healthy & independently w good healhcare? HUH, @SENGARDN
Can we start looking globally now please

Tell @SenCoryGardner: Vote NO on the Senate health bill. Take action:  http://bit.ly/GardnerCO  
Work to protect the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge from drilling. A spill in that area is too risky to the environment!
It would be helpful if people would stop being part of the problem rather than the solution.  You're acting like Democrats.
@SenCoryGardner Great news but I cherish public lands in all states. Are you fighting for preserving public lands in all states?
1 safe; a million to go
Yay, I'm sure the russsians will enjoy them.
Awesome news.  Please help stick up for other states' public lands too!
And p.s. - Please impeach this guy. Country before party, Cory.  Country before party. This guy is a complete disaster. And SCARY.
Hi Cory - Remember to vote NO on the GOP healthcare bill. Bad for America; bad for Colorado; bad for you!!!
Your voting record indicates that you don't care about the environment. Stop pretending, Cory.
Wow, how magnanimous of him. 
Good but could you also make sure they don't kill off the wild horses either?  Oh yeah & what about healthcare?  Medicare for all!
Republicans are not going to let corporations advertise on it....
I'm confused why this should have ever been an issue in the first place concerning public lands everywhere in the USA. Other states?
I'd ask you for more info,but I'm aware you don't feel the need to answer constituents
Jeez it should not have been under review? What about the other national monuments? Town hall meeting? Where do you stand?
Instead of issuing statements why don’t you talk to us!! #TownHall
Good news for things you like: were inept. Bad news for things you want changed: were inept
I cherish ALL our public lands, not just in Colorado. Protect them too, if you will.
What about the other sites? They belong to the people, too.
And how about an IN PERSON town hall on the Western Slope. Lots of folks wish to talk with you.
Great! Now protect ALL public lands. ALL Monuments and National Parks. No drilling, no fracking, no mining, no selling off.
Where's Cory
A shout out to @EliStokols on msnbc's 11th hour last night. Giving the truth on how constituents feel about @SenCoryGardner ignoring us.
Real good news would be you taking a stace on health care, having a townhall. You know listening to constituents.
How many calls per day do you get requesting an IN PERSON TOWN HALL? I feel like you should know by now that your constituents are asking...
Excellent news for our public lands! Now let's consider our public health, please do not vote for Medicaid cuts!
You know what else would be great for Colorado?  Your NO vote on Trumpcare saving millions of Americans from losing their healthcare.
This is great news for anyone who doesn't rely on their health care to live.
Have an open town hall in Denver to explain! 80212 voter loving spiking the 
Good. I hope I can count on you to protect all the public land I use to hunt and recreate. Get in touch - I'd love to chat about it.
How come you never answer my calls?
Good. It should never have been considered in the first place.
How about, getting Drs in CO, to accept Medicaid, again. NO knee specialist in the Entire state, accepts it. Nither do private offices
Thanks for that heath care bill when will you put country over party or are you one of those repugnant party colluders who took PUtin money
what about healthcare? Geez! Coloradans cherish their healthcare coverage too! Comment? #2020vision
How about standing up to this lawless administration?  That would be equally great news for Colorado.
How about standing up 4 all your constituents who stand to lose Health Ins because of your vote. You care more 4 the wealthy then the needy
You know what else would be great news for Coloradans? Your term coming to an end.
2020
Yes now if you would give us the same healthcare you have!
So it's bad news for you, seeing as you don't cherish Colorado's public lands
More great news for Colorado would be you not killing us all with your shitty health plan.
I really wish no states public lands were under fire from this admin. They seem to be crashing. Maybe nows the time to completely step away.
That's a start. Now make sure healthcare for ALL Coloradans is just as secure and stable. How about a town hall that you actually attend?
So... then... when he changes the status of monuments in other states, that will be terrible news for those states too, right?
Hopefully you remember who you work for. 
We WILL REMEMBER how you vote.
Cory, we need to talk.
When are you holding an IN PERSON townhall?
@SenCoryGardner - yeah!!
Good work, thank you....Now, what about Trump and what about Health care?
It would be terrible news for Colorado if you vote to throw 400,000 of us off Medicaid.  Please don't.
Not the governments responsibility to buy everyone healthcare. Get a job. Government is going bankrupt. 20tril debt. Have 2 cut entitlements
You are aware that Health care is a big deal - right? When will you be discussing that?
Come back and talk to us! PLEASE VOTE NO ON HEALTHCARE!!!
Um... Don't think you phrased that right.
I'm hearing the CBO scoring says that the BCRA deductibles will be $13k.  Wow.
No oil or natural resources worth going after huh? These are NATIONAL Monuments. What about Bears Ears? And quit hiding, have a town hall.
Waste of time & money tho?
That it even became an issue in the first place is the problem. Why's Zinke demoting the scientists?  Suppressing their voice in Glacier NP?
Exactly.
Should never have been up for consideration and review in the first place.
You won't let constitutants in your offices now? Still no town hall?  Where do you stand on health care? We deserve answers.
Maybe we need to show @sencorygardner we are fed-up with his lack of communication!

RT if you demand @SenCoryGardner to listen to us!
Vote NO on healthcare repeal!  Your constituents before your party
The new press secretary is a Science Denier! Cory do you believe in Science?
