Now is the time to diplomatically & economically isolate #NorthKorea, until it fully & irreversibly commits to peaceful denuclearization. https://twitter.com/sencorygardner/status/909864737432903680 …
Diplomacy not war!
Please OPPOSE the GRAHAM/CASSIDY ACA Repeal.  
Follow Regular Rules of order, hearings, CBO score --- to get to a pragmatic solution.

Read AMA about HC. https://searchlf.ama-assn.org/undefined/documentDownload?uri=%2Funstructured%2Fbinary%2Fletter%2FLETTERS%2FBCRA-Letter.pdf …
I'm very concerned about the new attempt at repealing Obamacare. Vote No! Please protect OUR public lands!
And your constituents are calling on you to vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill !
You are out of your mind, Cory. This action does nothing but aggravate the situation. You are putting us all in danger. Continue diplomacy.
Vote No on Trump Care!!!
Cory needs to stop embarrassing Colorado! We want healthcare just like he has.
Your constituents DEMAND to know how you will vote on health care repeal.  

Do you represent Colorado, or Donald Trump?
He represents rich donors
Your state wants healthcare and for you to put on your big boy pants and vote no on the Graham Cassidy catastrophe.
Try something similar to the Liberty Pistol plan from World War II.
Thank you for being the first person this century to spell "bated" correctly in this context.
Yup. So much speling, so many mistales.
Distraction from healthcare
How about we start by telling Twitler to stop antagonizing then , name calling, and threatening genocide and feeding the rhetoric he needs
Please get over your personal vendetta & start thinking about better solutions. We know KJU hurt your feelings but stop pounding your chest.
What about your staffer, Andrew Dunkley?
.@SenCoryGardner an aide in y office just said women choose to have sex so tax payers shouldn't cover contraception. Do you share this view?
Save Obama care!
No. Every nation should be in the United Nations. Its purpose is to encourage peaceful resolutions of disputes between nations.
I bet the UN would be the perfect place for you to hold a town hall.  The one place no one at all would show up to watch your mouth move.
Is this why you're hell bent on taking away thousands of Coloradans ins? #KochMoney
Wonder no more. The Koch donor network will give GOP $400M for 2018 *only if ACA is repealed* & tax reform passes https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
Did you hear DJT's speech? Killing your own people is bad but I'm gonna destroy you. This is unacceptable.
Healthcare,@SenCoryGardner. Explain why the Walton family deserve a few more millions at the expense of children's lives and families.
Still more worried about the other child bully than yr party ripping healthcare from millions.
vote no on that health care repeal.
Why don't you do something more productive? Like a real investigation into Israel's role in 911? Or their attack on the USS Liberty?
Don't try & tell voters that you voted FOR Lindsay-Graham because you ran on it.  That won't cut it. Do the RIGHT humane thing and vote NO!
Perhaps we just need to send @dennisrodman to visit again. That was what @realDonaldTrump thought would work. #noartnodeal #impeachTrumpNow
Another constituent wanting to know  your position on the healthcare bill.
People are actually more worried about healthcare than North Korea.
No country should be thrown out of the UN! We need a place to confront any country "in front of the world" for their bad behavior.
take care of the folks at home, Senator.
#Colorado #Denver #ColoradoSprings #FortColins #Boulder
Dear GOP,

1.75 million veterans rely on Medicaid. The #GrahamCassidy bill would gut the program. Do the right thing and kill the bill.
And the people of CO are calling on you to vote NO on this health care bill, Sen. The ppl of CO count on it. VOTE NO.

Kissing up to your superiors might get you a leadership role, but it will be short lived, Cory. 2020 is near and we will vote you out.
VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY
North Korea and Hillary - but nothing on taking health care away from millions.
It might be fine politically, to expel DPRK from the UN, but I wonder if in doing so, we forfeit some intelligence sources or connections?
Sorry, no credibility here. If you don't care about HC & taxes, why should we trust you with anything else?
VOTE "NO" on #GrahamCassidy - the bill sucks.

Either you vote "NO" or Coloradans will vote "NO" on Cory Gardner
I'm calling on you to VOTE NO on the #GrahamCassidy #ACARepeal  Time to work across the aisle as u like to remind us is so vital.
Because that will make a negotiated agreement SO much more likely (not).  Who ties your shoelaces for you?
Please protect Americans on Medicaid, and those with pre-existing conditions by voting NO on the Cassidy-Graham repeal bill.  Thank you!
Dude, they've got nukes, they've got missiles, and they're not going to give either up. What exactly is your strategy or goal here?
POTUS doesn't believe in diplomacy. Give up this fool's errand and work on defeating #GrahamCassidy
Yep that'll do it it'll bring them right to their knees
Constituent from 80470 here. What's your position on Graham-Cassidy?  VOTE NO!
How are you voting on the healthcare bill, Senator? You sure are silent and absent and not representing your constituents.
And we are calling on you to NOT support this healthcare bill... AGAIN!
30 million wait to lose health care without a peep but  #corythecreep rants on about something that doesn't threaten one citizen on US soil.
When two opposing sides can each cause irreparable harm, the solution is more dialogue, not less.  #Corythecreep #toodumb to comprehend.
How about you call on us, your constituents to see how we feel about the BS Healthcare Bill you're about to vote "yes" on? VOTE NO FOR ONCE!
How about censure for @Realdonaldtrump for promoting his business at the UN today!  SHAME. Where's your integrity or voice?! @SenJohnMcCain
We get it. You wanna be UN Ambassador or something, but for now, you're stuck with Colorado, so you can start acting like it.
So you want to prevent future diplomatic negotiations with them?
NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU ARE CALLING FOR...AGAIN...YOU HAD ONE TASK ...REPEAL & REPLACE  ACA YOU DUMMIED  ON THAT YOU DON'T MATTER
Just another  #VichyRepublican. One that collaborates with the Nazis. #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist Supporting white supremacists makes you a????
Nice to see you're "trying" to do something. But sadly #POTUS is sitting on the toilet, retweeting gifs of him hitting Hillary w a golf ball
Doing this while trying to gut my healthcare?
YOUR constituents healthcare should be a TOP FUCKING PRIORITY for you Cory! #FuckNK
Senator, I'm calling on you to vote against repealing the ACA as your party gets ready to try again to kill poor people.
As someone with a lot more international experience than you, this is a really terrible idea.
Do you agree Cory?
.@SenCoryGardner an aide in y office just said women choose to have sex so tax payers shouldn't cover contraception. Do you share this view?
LOL yeah they are listening to you, a Senator from a State that's out of control with half its population high on drugs.,..
But I will say, thank you for your service.
What about this bogus healthcare bill?? Vote no Colorado cant afford it.
Keep telling him. He thinks we will forget. We will not forget. We will not let him get away with it.
The United Nations was formed so that we could prevent wars from happening. By restricting diplomacy, you are encouraging war.
Do you have any concept of how history works when a country acquires nuclear weapons? Now is the time to talk, not exclude and anger NK!
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
Are you stoned?
