Wait times at Colorado VA facilities among worst in the nation, new data show http://dpo.st/2tFMg15  
Seriously. I'm asking as a veteran and really want to know what you are doing to help me.
Got Honesty?  Got Accountability? Got Patriotism? Got Spine?
Cory is accountable to someone not in Colorado. Honesty?  LOL
Better hurry.  #2020 will be here quicker than you can say "Charles and David Koch"
Ummm, Cory? You're voting to take away Coloradans healthcare as we speak.
I seriously don't know what, if anything, goes on inside that mans head! He just doesn't get it.
This is Idiocracy. It's real life.
So why does the #GOP keep voting against funding veterans? Also, did you know that #Singlepayer would alleviate many HC issues for #Vets?
You working hard to ignore every position taken by the GOP and your President Trump.  Building deniable culpability daily.
Meanwhile, from the perspective of @SenCoryGardner children with pre-existing conditions can rot.
You are a liar. You don't care about vets. I've been to your office with groups of vets and their spouses and you refuse to meet with them.
I'm Air Force veteran enrolled in Denver VA & I just moved here from Florida in June. My first appointment to establish w/ VA doc is oct 6th
Seen Cory Gardner if your really interested in Colorado's health you will vote for the Todd Rokita bill that imposed fines and prison for elected officials who harbor illegal aliens. This will save our children and make every Colorado legal resident much safer. HOW WILL YOU VOTE
While making sure you take healthcare away from millions of Americans including Vets--your full of it Cory
Yet you voted yes three times to repel without replacing healthcare. 16 million American with out health care. Unacceptable
@SenCoryGardner had the wife of a combat vet arrested for peacefully requesting to discuss healthcare. He is a liar.
Just another reminder on that silly little town-hall-thingy...
Maybe if they had better access to healthcare-oh, you tried to take it away
You're the biggest bummer in the world
STOP pretending to care abt Vets! You want to take away their healthcare, and had spouses of combat vets arrested for wanting to talk to you
While attempting to make sure nobody else can afford to receive healthcare. You're a sell out partisan POS.
Colorado veterans deserve a SENATOR.
.@SenCoryGardner's painting of the Maroon Bells in his fake window should be a wake-up: stop hiding–join the REAL world and hold a town hall 
Just like you want everyone to have health insurance. Your words ring hollow.
Yes, Coloradoans and veterans all deserve better. RESIGN you sad excuse of Senator
But what are YOU doing to protect the ACA?
I hope it helps motivate you to have a well thought out, debated, and all inclusive health care bill
You can't just support popular buzzwords and not back it up with your voting. Vets rely on medicaid, private insurance, and the VA.
@SenCoryGardner, resign. You are a freeloader that refuses to meet with the people that pay your salary. Stop pretending to care about vets.
Ha! You don't care about anyone in the state of CO! Tell that bull to someone else #voteOUTcorygardner
You have already proven how unimportant health care is to you, as far as your constituents are concerned. SELLOUT!
then maybe don't cut Medicaid???
Republicans:  Support our troops...until they come home.
this IS absolutely criminal.  Something MUST be done about it.  Now.
You know what's unacceptable..you lying to your constituents and ignoring us! Don't use us as props because we know you don't give a shit!
We all deserve better than YOU! You need to start looking for a new job because you are going to need it.Can't wait for Election Day! ByeBye
Well look who the poster child is for your horrible failed healthcare bill. Maybe try working across the aisle now.  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/28/us/politics/republicans-health-care-legislation-gridlock.html …
Lots of paid trollers on here
you mean people who will not have healthcare? Open your eyes to these liars.
And millions will die too
U left me in the dust.  What do u mean?
@SenCoryGardner Your constituents will not forget you hiding for 1+ years. A cardboard cut-out currently represents you. YOU'RE OUT in 2020!
Maybe we should vote for the cut out instead. It can't do any worse of a job
Seriously, sir!  You are a liar - having vote against health care which also would hurt vets! Shame on you!
The health care of ALL Colorado citizens matters, but you loved every flavor of Trumpcare. And did I miss your comments on Trump's TG ban?
Yet you voted yes on health vote.Only your wealthiest constits support you. $$ won't win.The rest of us will campaign to vote you OUT.
Now that we the people won, no thanks to you, it is time to start really working for US and not the insurance/drug companies.
Also unacceptable are any more yes votes from you on repealing the ACA. Time for you to PUT YOUR CONSTITUENTS FIRST!
What if they are gay or transgender?
Your actions speak louder than your words! You disappointed many Coloradans and Coloradan vets yesterday by voting to repeal ACA. Step up!
I live how you publicly spout support for our vets, then vote for every bill guaranteed to fuck them over.. gods, you suck.
For the record: He voted last night to cut 17M ppl from their insurance and raise premiums 20% annually beginning Jan 2018. #VoteOutCory2020
Hahahahaha! Liar
#2018
I'm disappointed in you
yet your not tweeting about health care for the rest of the country but voting to get rid of it
Senator, we agree on this. Lets make healthcare better for Vets and all Americans.
.@SenCoryGardner Maybe you could hold a town hall and talk to us about it. We've got some questions.
You are unacceptable! Voting to take HC from Colo hurts veterans as well I wish we could impeach/recall you Hold a townhall #cowardlyCORY
What about me? #myhealthcarematters
This is where all Americans are headed "single payer". Republicans can't even repeal Obamacare what makes you think anything different here
you voted that poor kids with preexisting conditions like #diabetes can't get coverage.  so your rhetoric about veterans doesn't impress me
You don't seem to care about women's healthcare.
You don't know anything about healthcare!
How come you let it get this bad?
You've had 10 years.
You have such unique opinions on healthcare.
@SenJohnMcCain told you to shove your skinny repeal Cory.
Why don't you work on that instead of trying to repeal care for everyone else
Unacceptable is your willingness to sacrifice the health of all Americans over misguided principle. Shame on you.
You trolls talk about taking colorado's health care for vets. I'm and vet and we don't have Medicaid or public health care.
Agreed. Ur not concerned about non-vets hmmm? All humans deserve health care #MedicareForAll
Yet you voted against their healthcare last night. 1 in 10 vets receive Medicaid you voted against 407,000 CO people
I absolutely agree, they do. And to help make it better, here's a tip from @SenJohnMcCain.
Stop acting like you care about the health and welfare of Coloradans. We all saw how you voted last night/this morning.
Including trans veterans? Just checking.
Stop lying Cory, get ready to leave this job in 2018 #shiftchange
My husband waited 7 hours in the emergency room before getting the help he needed.  Surgery day before, vomited 18 hours.
Good thing the ACA expanded Medicaid giving Veterans other options. So start working on Universal Healthcare. We will not forget your votes.
Yes they should not have to wait. However your actions are the exact opposite of your statement. You are voting to make things worse #2020
It is unacceptable that you are not listening to your constituents! #80123constituent
You suck at trying to help people. Your vote tonight would have taken away health care away from EVERY SINGLE VETERAN I KNOW! #ruralhealth
Yet, you have no problem voting to take healthcare away from million of Americans. No wonder your afraid to host a town hall.
Yes, they do. As to thousands of colordo's most vunerable. Quality healthcare for all. Stop hiding behind your party line.
You were so excited to cast your vote against us tonight. Can't wait to cast my vote against you!!
I don't believe I've ever been represented by a so-called senator who voted to kill his constituents.
Hey but let's spend money on transgender surgeries instead!
If you love vets much, why did you vote for bills that would have eliminated medicaid for hundreds of thousands of them/their families?
Senator, thanks for nothing on your vote for "Skinny" repeal. Didn't think you had the guts like Senator McCain has.
Actually by voting yes on the #skinnyrepeal this is exactly what you did.
What's more unacceptable is you voting for skinny repeal making healthcare a nightmare for millions.
If you vote yes on #skinnybill you're not. Colorado is watching.
What about #Scaramucci is that acceptable??
Ever hear of the word irony? #TrumpPuppet
Do the other senators know you're afraid of your constituents? That you can't show your face in your own state?
Everyone should post how you vote tonight
Hmmm...  Pretty sure veterans benefit from and even rely on the ACA. Colorado deserves better than you.
Post how you voted and why!!
How are you voting on keeping our healthcare?
Also #unacceptable: In CO, skinny repeal could mean: 269K lose coverage; avg annual premiums up $751; uncompensated care for hosp up $242M
by voting for skinny repeal you are screwing us all, including veterans.  The only people you are helping is the Trump family and yourself.
Hypocrisy! Unacceptable is that you are working to strip healthcare from millions of veterans.
Yeah, we all believe you 
@denverpost Senator, you going to vote for"skinny repeal"?  Do you even know why or what it will do?  Freeloaders do!
8 pages?  8 mother killing pages???  Are you flipping nuts?  My slacker kids wrote better ideation at 14!
The VA was like this from 1980s
Further proof gov has no business running healthcare. Sad
Embarrassing!!
Then maybe you shouldn't send them to war? Or take away their health insurance? Everyone in this country deserves better.
Hey, do the same for the rest of us and stop voting for repeal
Vote no on the HC Freedom Act.
Oh wow. Trying to do the right thing. That's special. Pics or didn't happen
Colorado voters deserve a better senator.
Your "support" for CO and Veterans extends only as far as you can reach behind your own back and pat. #CoryScumbagGardner #GTFOCory
Want to see long wait times? Just past that bill. There WILL be wait times. 
Hey Cory, how about the rest of us Coloradans?  Over a year and no town hall, can't wait to vote you out!!
Sometimes, irony writes itself. #corythecreep
Susan says hi.
That's exactly why you need to vote no instead of cozying up to McConnell.
Than maintain theACA , it's not perfect but you're just trying to destroy all of it without a replacement
Yes, they do deserve better. So you're going to vote to protect their healthcare, right? ...RIGHT? #liar #NoVotes #workingforwho
How about coming out of hiding and meeting with your constituents?
#CoryTheCoward @maddow
Just remember that vets and their families that don't qualify for VA also need access to healthcare!
Voting yes on this horrific healthcare bill labels you a monster. You will be responsible for the suffering/death of millions. Career ending
Classic doublespeak.
EVERYONE deserves the care they need, Cory. EVERYONE. Vote NO on this ridiculous not-a-plan to repeal Obamacare.
585,00 losing coverage might like to hear about this take away of health care/insurance, speak a spectacle @SenBennetCO
2020
You can't do that and deny coverage for millions with your insipid attempts to repeal Obamacare - stop pretending to be in the right side
Oh like you give a shit.
Better take away everyone else's healthcare. That'll show em!
You are unacceptable and I'll be working to make sure you're not re elected. Guess your staff has plenty of time to start looking also
Cory, no one believes your feigned concern. You betrayed the people of Colorado, and voters will remember.
Gardner voted to take away healthcare from millions. He's a little shitweasel, & no amount of rhetoric will disguise that.
#ObamaCareRepeal
Feel bad towards weasels because they are super cute and get rid of vermin. But Gardner is what he is, & that's little, weaselly and shitty.
So why are you voting down all ACA bills? I'm disabled but not in the military. I still count!
FYI ppl are moving to TX & AZ DO SOMETHING FAST & TURN CO RED AGAIN! @RepDLamborn @GOP
Bullshit. No you're not.
And destroying the ACA will only hurt veterans more. Do the right thing and protect health care for all.
Coffman was working on it, too. About three years ago. It still shouldn't be like this!
Then don't repeal the ACA!

Trumpcare is Unacceptable for Colorado. Stop worrying about the republican party and repealing Obamacare. Vote for what is best for Colorado
What is UNACCEPTABLE is that you won't meet with your constituents in Colorado to talk about healthcare!
What's just as unacceptable your votes on health care all totally opposite of you stance before you were elected . You're a terrible sen
Doesn't every Coloradan deserve access to timely care?
No you're working to take healthcare from people right now
Colorado does deserve better, pack up your office and leave. Let an honest decent human being step in. Someone that cares about integrity.
What do you want 1.75 million to do when their care is cut down & 450,000 have their care taken completely after you take expanded medicaid?

Agreed but so do ALL Coloradans. #CantWaitToReplaceYou
Wait a motherfucking minute. What do you want 7million of them to do when you take the ACA away?
Seriously? You want to "protect" our veterans by decimating the healthcare they rely on? I call bullshit.
Except healthcare?
Liar. Veterans will suffer by your hand.
You Are Unacceptable #2020
Senator, your credibility on health care is absolutely shot.  The skinny bill removes 15 million and increases premiums by at least 20%.
Coloradans also deserve access to health care.  Please stop voting to take it away.
Gotta make sure our veterans have Viagra but fuck transgender veterans, right? Traitor
I'm a Vet, and you have done nothing to help Colorado Vets other than to show up for photo ops and recite worthless platitudes. Resign!
All of our veterans should be able to show a card and get the care they need at any http://hospital.Works  well in Australia
How about working to ensure that everyone has access to the health care they need, instead of taking it away from people?
Where's Cory
Thank you Senator Gardner!  Im installing the best equipment for treatments at the new facility, love the Vets and will do my part for them
You voting yes on the "skinny repeal" is also unacceptable, FYI.
Any specifics? You voted to repeal ACA w/o replacement. Voted to gut Medicaid funding. Vets rely on these. You are a disgrace to vets & CO.
What is unacceptable is voting for a bill NO ONE wants to become law! Work across the aisle, be the grownups in the room!!!
Let's hope none are transgender, or your party will give them the finger.
But not anyone else's healthcare in Colorado, right?  Can you please explain why Medicaid should be cut and my mom shouldn't be alive today?
All vets or only the straight Christian ones?
Hey...I'm a veteran. And you're voting to increase my premiums by $11,000/year and pretty much kill me. Your concern is touching. 80127
PLEASE #VoteNo #noskinnyrepeal too many people and their lives are at risk if this bill passes, including mine.

1.75 million veterans rely on Medicaid http://goo.gl/HOr0gNcontent_copyCopy … short URL
How about funding for staff? That would shorten waits. Did you include that in your $700+B funding bill?
BTW - I was in your office yesterday and watched you vote YES to just repeal all of ACA - so throw us under the bus and suddenly you care?
Wait - you voted YESTERDAY to REPEAL all of ACA without any considerations! Should all your constituents go to VA and tell them you sent us?
It's unacceptable you are speaking out of both sides of your mouth. Undignantly tweeting on vets being denied care while voting to repeal
Shame on liberal left wing Colorado!!
YOU are unacceptable. You are complicit with Trump and hiding his tax returns. You are the worst Sen I have ever had represent my state. 
What do you mean 'this is unacceptable'? Your bill screws vets!
How about the timely care we all need as well..#oneterm #YumaHomecoimg2020
How do you sleep
Shame
Lies
You are such a joke.  I have heard from so many people that voted for you that are disgusted by your actions on healthcare.
Give me a break! You voted to strip health insurance from 7,300 Colorado #veterans to give a big tax cut to GOP donors. #BCRA #ACA
What r u doing to protect brave, patriotic transgender troops? What r u doing to protect USA frm Russian election interference?!!!!
Oh, but Trump made it EASIER to fire VA personnel. I'm sure that will make things all better. Didn't say anything about hiring.
Do something then!! Just didn't happen overnight!!! Been going on for awhile with the scandal at the VA!! Now your motivated...all talk!!
You care about the Vets. Thank you.  What about the rest of us?? Do you care? Or are we just gum on the bottom of your shoe?
You representing #Colorado is unacceptable!   Town Hall Cory!
Simplify the certification of Providers to the Choice Program & speed up their reimbursements.
VA staff must have lists of local providers.
Yep! It is also UNACCEPTABLE to rip away healthcare from millions! Do your job or get the hell out! #ProtectOurCare
What about Colorado military personnel who are transgender?
Just stop. Your words ring hollow.
You have shown us what you think good healthcare looks like. You are unqualified.
You've voted twice this week for bills that would jeopardize #Medicaid funding which veterans rely on. Who do you think you're kidding?
@denverpost 41 dislikes to maybe 2 constructive suggestions and ZERO likes! Keep up the good work Senator! ;-)
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/879458805863657473 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Senator shut up. Really? Think we believe you are doing anything productive?
Government healthcare.
Voting for TrumpCare is only going to make it worse. #FixACA
I'm fighting for America too, starting with a corrupt senator who wraps himself in the nearest flag.
Or that it will all cost so much that they have no choice but to go die. No one believes you Cory. You are a complete scam artist.
What exactly are you doing to achieve that objective?
