wow... Have you talked to, like, ten people this week? Well done, man.
when are you going to meet with your constituents?! Cory. Your CO citizenship is #revoked. #fired
A science denier cares about STEM?
how about holding a town hall or two with your Colorado constituents?
Did you enjoy your town hall?  Hahahah. #holdupyourID
You know about cybersecurity?  Got some cronies at FORTRUST, do ya?  Lobbying after you get punished?
From 80512.  Time for a townhall, Senator Gardner.  A real one.
: You are willing to meet with anyone but your constituents. A townhall full of people you represent is too frightful. Resign
Interesting to hear you bring up cybersecurity. Maybe you should discuss w @jasoninthehouse ?
Do not defund Planned Parenthood
Why are you dodging town hall meetings with your constituents who want to tell you not to vote with Trump?
.@SenCoryGardner any chance you use your "District/Constituent" time to, you know, hold an in-person town hall?
Whaaaat? Accountability to your constituents? Who does that anymore?
it can be scary actually having to defend yourself. He just needs a safe space.
enjoy you seat while you have it! You'll be losing it soon!
counting down to 2018! Hope your resume is ready!
Unfortunately he's not up for reelection until 2020. According to his DC staff.
You enjoy talking to people that can't express their real views, do you, Cory? You are an abject sniveler!
Did you explain why you helped a racist become attorney general?
Great!  Now about that town hall meeting. We're at ur office each Tuesday. C'mon out!
This Colorado voter would like to discuss your vote for Devos and ACA. I even have my ID to prove I am not a paid protestor.
but no time for a town hall?
So, @SenCoryGardner how much did @FORTRUST have to donate to get you to show up?
Cory Gardner, you need to resign, take your love of racism and fascism, and leave Colorado forever.
cyber security?Is it bc Russia hacked our system or 2hide from the public what the Repub. dont want 2investigate?
looking through your feed looks like you will talk to almost anyone except the people in Colorado you represent
Talk to constituents: Town Hall, 5 pm at Byer Middle School Friday Feb. 24.  #WheresCory #willcoryshow
The citizens of CO who gave you your job want to have a meeting. Missing Garden gnome, please return!
meanwhile there are white supremacists running the country. Check your priorities, Senator. (btw, 80120...)
Did you explain why you sold the children of Colorado?
@9NEWS @denverpost @SenCoryGardner So disappointing that you are in Denver & not meeting with your constituents that want to talk with you!
how about you meet with some actual educators to discuss your vote for DeVos
not showing up at a town home & you are home on vacation still be paid and have lifetime health insurance.
You spoke to big business. What about the rest of Colorado?
cyber security?  Laughable!  I guess you want your digital trail protected. But what about 45 inviting this menace?
hypocrite!
how do I get a cushy job like yours where I ignore my responsibilities and appease an orange monkey banging the wrong drum?
you are a puppet and an embarrassment to the great state of Colorado!  Do better. Listen to us 80218
When is your town hall?  We want to talk w you.
Quick what does STEM mean?
Yet it feelS like you are hiding from your constituents. #corygardnerMIA
Where is your town hall? What are you afraid of?
The disrespect you showed your constituents is unacceptable. You are fired,you will never serve again after this.
.@SenCoryGardner bruh you excited to hang out Friday night at your townhall?
great, now when will you meet with your constituents?
when is the town hall meeting?
but still won't talk to your constituents!
Too bad you missed a town hall meeting in Ft Collins with your constituents tonight @SenCoryGardner.  More to come though!   #WillCoryShow
You do realize that the "S" in STEM is for Science? Something in which you and the @GOP don't believe.
Insist Sessions recuse himself from Russia investigation. We need a town hall.
how about meeting with your constituents in addition to businesses?
what do you call a senator that has forgotten he has constituents? #DoryGardner Srsly, tho we want a #realtownhall
still waiting for that town hall meeting!
80212
seriously?
It's time for you to meet up with ALL of your constituents in Colorado.Come to the Town Hall ins Colorado Springs.
I went to a town hall In Ft. Collins this evening. Where were you? #notapaidprotester
.@SenCoryGardner @FORTRUST Shame on you Senator Gardner.  Your constituents count on you to represent us.  Better late than never.  80127
It's too late to fix some of the damage, but maybe you could redeem yourself by LISTENING.
Nice of you to visit . . . How about a Town hall for constituents!??
you know who else would enjoy talking to you?  YOUR CONSTITUENTS! We might have a thing or two to say....
no time for a town hall with your constituents, huh? Sad!
.@SenCoryGardner I've called your office, protested in front of it, emailed, sent smoke signals and have been ignored each time. 1/
You've labeled people like me as "paid protesters." And I've become used to your ignoring us and discreditng our efforts. 2/
I'll attend Friday's townhall, and totally expect you not to show up. You'll hide behind your web channels, of course. 3/
But I am telling you now, I'll do all that is in my power to make sure those around me do not vote for your reelection 4/
Try talking about voting not to defund PP! Do something good for your constituents for a change!
What are you nervous about, Little Buddy? You've been real responsive to your constituents, right?
you're missing your town hall Senator.
Will you please do a Town Hall in Glenwood Springs?
you do realize STEM is taught in the same public schools you voted against? 11/3/20
why won't you meet constituents?  Total failure and I'd say an abuse of your position.
How about instead of talking to businesses, you talk to the people you "represent"!!
Senator Gardner, use ur time wisely becos we do not feel u r listening! Save our healthcare, save our environment
when's the Town Hall meeting?
how about some town hall meeting in 81401? Why are you ducking us?
We would enjoy talking to YOU about why you stopped representing the people of Colorado!
Hey, @SenCoryGardner... did @FORTRUST pay you $50k like DeVos did?
hypocrite. You voted for DeVos
While hiding from constituents
Oh, you're into cybersecurity? Then you'd totally be into a bipartisan Senate investigation of Russia's ties to Pres. Trump.
If you come #realtownhall, I will wear I love Cory Gardner t-shirt for a week! in Boulder! #fairtrade #notapaidprotestor
Senator when oh when tell us when are you going to schedule town hall meetings? Face your constituents sir.
why don't you have a town hall so you can tell us about it? Constituents before special interests #CoryGardnerMIA
Spread the word : Gardner plans to be at Stapleton Renaissance hotel between 11:30 and 2:30 TOMORROW
He's probably too chicken to show
It's a meeting and I bet he wants the photo op. dont think he'll derail his plans and miss out.
Running scared Cory? Afraid to face your constituents with a town hall. trump taxes, DeVos, 100% ya for trump. Out in 2020!
I saw folks getting off the train at union station with "where is Gardner?" signs today. Why you hiding bro? #whereiscory
tbh, this shit is getting out of hand. You know something is wrong when you are sneaking around your home state
Cory where are you? You are obviously lost because you keep showing up everywhere but a Town Hall! #WheresCory
No one cares Cory. Face the music.
are you going to come talk to your constituents this friday at byers middle school for the townhall the people put together?
that's great- what about town hall in metro area for constituents?
Can your constituents get a meeting too? Or do you only meet with businesses?
#CowardCoryHidesAgain #onetermCoryGardner #2020DeVos #ColoradosEmbarassment
want to hear more about how US cyber security might be compromised by foreign gov'ts. Town halls help #WhereIsCory
ed for our students and preserving future means equal and public access to ed. Your vote for DeVos flies in the face of this
Your constituents would love to discuss cybersecurity (and the  presence in the White House) with you too. Do your job.
why are you only talking to business interests? Sounds like you're interested in people being paid to engage you after all
, how about talking about Russia? That's what your constituents want to talk about.
planning on meeting with your constituents while in town? Several calls. Several messages. No meaningful response. 80206.
So @SenCoryGardner was in Denver today and decided to ignore the town hall your constituents had outside your office. We're not going away.
Try talking to us. Ya, know the ones who pay your salary?  TOWN HALL!
Wow, looks like there were 3 people in that meeting while you left 100 in Skyline park wondering #wherescory.
how much did they pay you to show up?
.@SenCoryGardner You were in Denver today? I thought you were visiting the carousel pony constituents in Burlington. #wherescory #notpaid
enjoy those visits while you can! 2020 & the end of your senate run are coming fast! Stand for us or stand aside!
maybe you should meet your constituents for a town hall Cory. We here in 80013 are waiting!!!!
wow, you're in town but hiding from constituents. Appalling!
So not acceptable. Meet with your constituents not businesses who provide campaign donations! But you will learn!
great. When will you talk to the rest of your constituents? 80432 and willing to drive.
willing to meet with @FORTRUST but not the folks he was elected to represent. When do we get a real town hall? #whereiscory?
we have some other issues on which we would like you to work. Check your voicemail, email, snail mail, and/or office staff.
So excited for your town hall meeting with your constituency! Oh, wait. No. My mistake. I'm just a normal person in 80003.
When's the town hall? The hardest, representing& pushing for what your constituents want even if you don't agree
but guys he's WAY too busy to meet up with us with all his advocacy for kids and the environment! Wait a minute...
How about a Townhall Cory? We are waiting for you to listen in 80108
coming to your town hall Friday to hear from private citizens as well?
quality and customer service matter? How can you show respect for a man that is the polar opposite of your values?
or is he a truly a wolf in sheeps clothing?
CO voters would like to talk to you about an independent investigation into POTUS/Russia ties & POTUS tax returns. 80234
meet with us little fella, you work for us or have you forgotten? #coward
Are you trolling us, senator?
STEM education for 45 who doesn't believe in climate change?  We are waiting for you in Colo Spgs, WHEN?
You sure are making the rounds.  Meet with any real people who want to talk to you?#FreeTheDevos50k.
Beautiful day in 80920.
