This is what passes for doing something? You hide in the basement, refuse to answer calls, avoid Colorado but think a damn letter matters?
Let's keep in mind why Trump was elected.
I don't recall the Constitution saying I have to quit protesting after an election.
I don't recall the Constitution saying some people must be provided Heath care at the expense of all the people.
Never said it did. Try reading.
You don't know what you're saying.
You think that's a response? You really are a trump fan.
I'm an American who loves freedom and liberty. Values you oppose.
We need healthcare too!! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid#NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
Stop listening to the media. They are total liars! Obamacare was a huge mess. Trump has to clean up behind that loser.
They are only going to destroy healthcare for everyone, including employer-based, not fix the ACA. Also will defund Medicare with block grt
Obama already destroyed healthcare.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Gaf
I've been to South Korea. Thank you.
CO is a purple state and appreciate the difficulties for a Rep Sen. But really hope you support Kate's Law.

And how much will our health insurance bills go up while stiffing us for coverage when we really need it
congratulations you should be more concerned about 22 million losing healthcare because of that Trumpcare crap.
Try leading a town hall. Stop hiding, answer your phone, VOTE NO on that piece of shit legislation you wrote.
I voted for you in the last election. You will lose my vote if you vote in favor of the Republican Health care bill.
Are you serious?? You are anything but bipartisan, but if you're seeing the light, GET BIPARTISAN ABOUT HEALTHCARE, CORY!

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
We need healthcare too! Please vote no on the senate healthcare bill.

Watch and RT: people w/ disabilities protesting in @SenCoryGardner's office being dragged to jail: https://www.facebook.com/CarrieAnnLucasPersonal/videos/10212361209121553/ … #GOPhealthcare
Cory, what about healthcare? You plotted behind closed doors and YOU helped create a bill that would harm millions.
Do you hear us, Senator Gardner? You work for the American people. We are saying no to #TrumpCare
What about the needed bipartisan effort to FIX the ACA. Trumpcare repeal/replace is not repealing the ACA & does not cover more for less.
No #TrumpCare Senator. A yes vote from you will bring swift retaliation from Colorado voters. You'll be tossed out of office
Vote no on #TrumpCare senator or we the people will vote you out of office!
Trump threw you under the bus with his comments on So. Korean trade. Your continued support of 45 puts you on the wrong side of history.
That's great. I understand you worked on the recent healthcare bill. May I draw my own conclusion that you haven't mentioned it anywhere?
You knew he was a scorpion before the election. You OWN him now.
Look what you did in YOUR office instead of meeting with the people who pay YOUR SALARY. Shame on you.
SECO will b harmed by yes vote. Most ppl here are R's. Vote yes & u won't get reelected. Hard to get ppl to like u when u ruin their lives.
Why are people asking you to vote no on the health-care bill? You have proven you don't care what your constituents want. 
#VoteThemOut
At least you won't have to worry about a second term, but Mitch and the boys love you.  Party over people??
Why did you help write a bill that will ADD 22 million Americans to the rolls of the uninsured?
Vote NO to the Tax Cut for the Rich  aka. TrumpCare. 22 million lose coverage ? That will help folks have better selection and lower cost
When are you going to stand up for something that really matters? Healthcare perhaps. Party or people? You decide.

The American Medical Association, the group representing doctors and med students, came out against the Senate bill. https://www.axios.com/largest-doctor-group-opposes-senate-health-bill-2448599849.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=textshort&utm_term=healthcare …
Not at all nice of you to compare your constituents concerned about losing health care to that awful shooter in DC. #fixACA
We all wish you would please vote no on this new ACA replacement. Please work with Dems on fixing ACA! #fixACA #GOPdeathBill
Great. Next vote no on the republican healthcare bill. #80123constituent
No on ahca
How’re you voting on the current AHCA? That’s all we care about this week.
Glad you've learned about bipartisanship. Now please put people above party - no on the new health care bill.
But have you reaffirmed the importance of renewable energy, affordable healthcare, and other protections for your constituents and the USA?
Oooh he wrote a letter. And for his next trick he votes to take away healthcare from the elderly, the disabled and children. #IVote
A snap election #amendment should be put on the next ballot. So Coloradoans dont have to wait when elected officials sell us out state for $
How was that KOCH conference you were at this weekend? You guys laugh at all the poor people the medicaid cuts are gonna effect. #NoBRCA
Since your in #Colorado anyway lining your pockets with KOCH money. How about you have a townhall meeting? I can set  up for you just DM me
You should be so proud. You really nail it when it comes down to representing the interests of the great state of Colorado. 3
and cause millions 2 lose insurance while adding 2 the deficit & income inequality by padding the pockets of ur multi-millionaire donors 2/
A statement 2 distract from ur participation in a bill that will defund Planned Parenthood, allow employers 2 eliminate maternity care 1/
When you attend the Koch Brothers network seminar in Co. Springs, there is nothing I partisan about you.
You're a coward! A failure! A loser! You cower in the bowels! You don't do hall mtgs! This IS NOT going # away!! NO AHCA! Hurts Coloradan's!
Great, but what about this? Is this true? What are u going to say to the 271k Coloradan's that will lose healthcare under your AHCA? Shame!
That's, nice. 
But, why are you still willing to rape & pillage the ACA & medicare and Medicaid ?
Bipartisan action that directly affects your constituents should be your primary focus! #VoteNoCory

Help me become the next US Senator from Colorado so I can work on real healthcare solutions for our country.
https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/leitzelforcolorado …
Have you noticed that your guy, the prolific Tweeter,has never used this hashtag? #TrumpCare It has lower approval ratings than he has.
Who cares.
Our president is a liar and you're complicit.
That's the least of your constituents problems. Why not send a letter to your Dear Leader affirming your responsibility to CO voters.
Fix the ACA
thanks, now how about leading a bipartisan solution to the current healthcare bill
Cory vote NO on the new Heath Care Bill. Listen to your constituents. #TRUMPCAREKILLS
Senator, I've always admired your tan.  Are you the one who added the language to the health bill to repeal the tanning tax?
This is nice, but not where our focus is right now. Please come home and face your thousands of constituents losing healthcare. #Wealthcare
No one in Colorado cares about your meddling in US foreign policy toward the Far East
How about a simple town hall in Denver. We can all come talk to you about what actually matters to us. (It is not north Korea,  I bet)
Senator, no heavy lifting on your S Korea stance.  How did that secret healthcare bill work for you?
The fact that you need to write that to the president blows my mind.
That's great about the letter. Pretty worried though about what the AHCA will do to Coloradans. Please #NoAHCA
Why are you meeting with the Koch Brothers this weekend in Colorado Springs instead of your constituents?
How about  working to make the ACA better rather than gutting it?
How are you voting on healthcare bill and what is your reasoning?
Do something relevant, Vote to keep ACA and help Colorado
Lead a bipartisan effort to defeat the horrible Rdeathbill-Trumpcare. Then schedule a LIVE, IN PERSON, town hall. None of the phony call ins
VOTE NO ON AHCA. It's all you have to do to not be completely worthless to Colorado.
I did not vote for you, but expect you to listen to us all and vote no #NoAHCA Have a heart and think of all the lives that will be affected
I wonder if you ever tire, Senator, of pivoting away from topics you don't want to confront. You know, like healthcare, constituents, etc.
Please vote yes on the HEALTH CARE BILL
COLORADO FAMILIES SUFFERING!!!
PREMIUMS OUTRAGES!!!
RIDICULES!!!!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE HELP!!!
Let's focus on taking care of your constituents. The Korean pennisula will be fine without your attention for a few weeks.
Vote NO on Trumpcare!!
What did you do for children here, in America, this week? Your "health care bill" hurts the most vulnerable children. How do you defend that
You have no moral sense of compassion or humanity. I've voted for you in all of your elections. That ends now. Anyone but you is good for CO
SO THIS is what's at the top of your priority list?? What about #Wealthcare?  How long can you hide? Stand up for your constituents' NOW.
Bipartisanship is working WITH Dems on healthcare. Ask @Sen_JoeManchin He has 8 Dems with solutions. GET TO WORK AND DO THIS RIGHT!
What about healthcare?!?!?!?!?!?!
Are you going to protect the healthcare of millions of Coloradans and vote no?
That's nice, but what about your stance on the Senate healthcare bill?
Gosh and I thought is was supposed to be America first. But it's really becoming America down the list on healthcare,education,leadership.
That is great, if you are looking for a distraction from the horrendous healthcare bill. Perhaps a letter condemning that bill instead?
Hey Corey! I know you only about constituents who've written you a sizable check, but still wanted you to know you're a lousy human. #AHCA
Tell us where you stand on Trumpcare.
And sold us down the river with that horrible health thing you call a bill
Where do you stand on the health care bill? Your Twitter silence is deafening.
How long does it take to review the incredibly small #wealthcarebill. Speak out. Your constituents are watching.
Try not voting for that "mean" lack of health care bill. No votes in 2018
Led a letter?? Was it sternly worded? Try leading a real town hall.
How about leading a bipartisan effort to improve rather than destroy the Affordable Care Act?
AHCA is reckless, poorly realized, and self-serving. I trust you will have the integrity to withhold support on this mistake
Good. Now defeat the Deathcare bill.
Mr. Bipartisan! Screws over voters of both parts on healthcare! #corythecreep
#WeWillReplaceYou
Vote NO on the healthcare bill. We want affordable healthcare, not tax cuts for the wealthy & loss of benefits for the poor, sick, & elderly
looking for your leadership on protecting women, children, the elderly, the mentally ill and veterans and their healthcare needs. #trumpcare
Cool. Don't vote for this #shitburger healthcare bill.
We don't deserve to die for potus or Congress when God wants us, he will call for us. We don't deserve this. Vote no
Wonderful,agree. How many coloradoans will lose health insurance and how many making $250K and up will get a cap gains tax cut?  Worth it?
@SenCoryGardner But did you say anything about healthcare.
Senator 271,500 will lose coverage under #Trumpcare please vote No. #SaveALife
Wait, the President has to be told this?
Isn't it more important right now to stand against the health care bill that threatens more Americans well beings at the moment?!
Did you say anything about healthcare?
Thanks, 
Now please affirm your commitment to the healthcare of your constituents. Please reject the proposed ACA repeal.
I did 2 loads of laundry and mowed the lawn today...yet was preoccupied with worries of medicaid cuts for my Aunt at the nursing home
Answer your phone Cory. The AHCA that you helped write is an abomination. You are evil for supporting it
We don't care about N. Korea. U need to tell the citizens of Colorado why ur taking health care away from the poor and tax cut for rich.
Not a thing on your health care bill. If you have to be sneaky u know what your doing is wrong! You are so out next election. #SaveOurCare
And where are you on this healthcare disaster? You represent Colorado, quit focusing on Korea!
How a bipartisan healthcare plan, @SenCoryGardner?
How about a letter denouncing the so called healthcare plan which is nothing but a tax cut for wealthy. People over politics
I'm gonna have to stand with the majority of your constituents, Cory. This #wealthcare bill is terrible for Colorado. Vote no. NKorea, meh.
Now that we see what an atrocity this healthcare bill is, what are YOU going to do to oppose it, Mr. Gardner?  Listen to your constituents!
the AHCA is a moral disaster and a total monstrosity. voting for that bill is not in the best interest of Coloradans.
but what are you doing about healthcare?
Hiding in your bunker still?  Come outside and talk to Coloradans about your tax cut for the rich bill please. #Trumpcare
I need you to see this graphic and then explain to me what you are doing to stop cuts to Medicaid in support of our nation's veterans.
Did I miss something?  You're moving on from the WealthCare Bill?
How about a decent health care bill
1) answer or respond to your constituents phone calls 2) do what is best for us, not you. 3) 2020 is coming soon.
Hey @SenCoryGardner: Are you trying to deflect from the utter lack of leadership we, your constituents, are seeing on healthcare?
Please vote NO, protect 271,500 ppl in Colorado who will be *unable to afford healthcare* under this bill. No one should live w/o healthcare
YES ON HEALTH CARE
What about an alliance between gop congress and gop president? You have all three branches, act like democrats show unity come together WORK
So someone on your staff can actually spell bipartisan, no why don't you and McConnell start actually acting bipartisan. No secret bills!
What about a health care for someone in colorado?  Would you use trumpcare ?  Stand up and say NO!
Wow for that you entitle yourself to free healthcare and screw the rest of us ppl. SINGLE PAYER system now Cory! Lie to yourself some more
Bipartisan letter? Sounds effective. Now try a bipartisan bill to fix our healthcare.
This is not work-
Your healthcare bill takes insurance away from 630,000 Coloradans! If you care so much about our security why not start with Coloradans?
Right on Gardner
Senator, not the best way 2 be accountable 2 your constituents. & stop with Korea: war w/N Korea wrong way to write history too.
We'll believe you know what bipartisanship means when you don't vote to kill our families just because McConnell told you to.
Great! Now you better vote hell no on this gop healthcare death bill! We are ashamed of each & every one of gop murderers! YOUR LAST TERM!!!
WE DONT GIVE A RATS ASS ABOUT THAT!
WE WANT OUR HEALTH CARE!
WHERE THE HELL IS YOUR LYING ASS? ON VACATION? GET YOUR BUTT HOME & TALK TO US!
Cute but did you make sure your constituents aren't losing their healthcare coverage?
Oh wow! Everyone lets give the guy who was on the committee to write this  #wealthcare bill a round of applause. Way to go Cory....
But seriously, let me give you a teensie word of advice: people don't like when you hide under a rock and turn off your phones.
Ok, now answer your phone. I have been trying to speak with you. Can u tell me which group u r willing to sacrifice to #trumpcare? #ivote
Good. Now what are you going to do about that crappy healthcare debacle that you and Mitch have proposed. How can you support this?
My question unfortunately will remain rhetorical as we will never hear an answer from Beaver,I mean, Sen Gardner. Follower,not a leader!
Any chance he has the balls to make a comment??
I live in TX and you know who answers 100% of constituent calls? Cruz's staffers. Fancy THAT!! Nicest thing I'll ever say about Cruz.
You need to hold a public townhall this weekend. We need to see you and talk WITH you about these issues! You've mislead CO; fix it!
Your constituents want you to stand up for healthcare. The senate bill will be devastating for CO, especially rural areas like Yuma!
Great! Now maybe get a coffee with Dean Heller and he can show you how to vote NO on the ACHA?
Now just vote "no" on passing the AHCA.
