Today is also the day, 5 years ago, that 12 people were shot to death in a movie theater in your own state. Or did you forget? Bennet didn't
The existing aca is junk Mr. Gardner. The only people that like it are subsidized by it or don't have it. Kill it senator. MAGA
False. I fall into neither category and I enjoy the ACA. It needs fixing, not destroying. Open your eyes.
I'm a victim of the so called pre existing condition clause and it sucks as much as you people harassing him.
He needs to stand behind the American people and vote this worthless tax out called Obamacare.
Did you tell them that you advocate them paying the highest insurance costs in history while you enjoy cushy benefits? #oldpeople,justdie
I'll never forget today is the day that my government thinks it is ok to take 32 M people's off of health care just so Cheeto can use a pen
Crayon, you mean crayon.
It would be good if you would not forget your constituents who depend on the ACA.....vote NO on repeal!
#FakeLeader
Unlike you.
Funny, I was just wondering which would happen first, you holding a town hall or hell freezing over?
I bet both of them rely on Medicaid
Yes they are. You're doing their legacies a disservice when you side with Trump & won't talk to constituents
@SenCoryGardner, I wonder if these heroes are on Medicaid like my WWII fighter pilot dad. I wonder if your BHC bill will take that away???
These men fought for the constitutional principles that your party and President are destroying now. Shame on you.
Can you remember the last time you met your constituents at a town hall and answered questions?  I can't.
When he was running for office & NEEDED US

I am sure it will happen again either when he ask 4 $ as Ntl Senate elect chair or his election
You might want to reconsider putting party before country.
Swamp rat
Hope you took notes.
I bet those two old men die before you ever hold a town hall for your constituents. SAD.
I've been to your office with groups of veterans,  and you refuse to meet with them. Stop pretending to care about vets.
Today is a day your constituents who lose their health care will never forget.
And what do they think of your desire to go to war?
Coward Cory again hides behind Facebook and Twitter. He just another GOPer, too scare to hold Townhalls with his Constituents.
We owe them a tremendous debt of gratitude for their service to this great nation
Must have been prior to you locking your doors so constituents cannot come in honor your oath! #resist
Heroes come in all forms, a politician who stops efforts to kill his constitutes can be a hero too.
wonder if they will have healthcare soon? Do you know how many veterans are on expanded Medicaid in Colorado?
Know what else you shouldn't forget? Anniversary of mass shooting in your state. Not that you care about us.
#WeWillReplaceYou
Yes. Heroes fighting to save our nation.  An endeavor that we would expect also of our US Senators in a time of a crisis of our democracy.
Prove your respect by never voting to privatize the VA Health system.  You should actually increase the VA's budget to increase needed staff
did you swap stories of your respective times in the service? Oh wait, you don't have any.
I hope they have you a stern lecture on true patriotism & service above self. They showed it when it counted. You, not so much.
I can't help but notice that you only meet with very small groups. There are lots of constituents that want to meet with you. #townhall
....And cue the inevitable and opportunistic photo op with veterans. They're heroes, you're not.
yes Senator and they fought against fascism brought on by radical authoritarian nationalism. Sound familiar?
Did you take more of their health care away?
Don't you wish you could be. Wasted vote!!!!!!!!!!!
Did you meet them at a town hall?
Learn by example. You can be a hero, too, by voting no on BRCA.
When will you represent your constituents and demand NO on Trumpcare? You would be a hero to Coloradans if you took a stand against it.
It appears you have forgotten your obligation to protect your constituents from the BCRA.
History will call them heroes, history will not be kind to you sir.
They fought so you and Prez Shitler could give tax cuts to the super rich and gut health care.
Shouldn't you be washing the Koch Bros cars?
Please be our hero and vote to protect our healthcare. NO on AHCA, NO on BCRA and NO on repeal with no replacement in hand. CO voter. TY!
Playing it safe and banal. Good social media strategy given your approval rating
It's great that you got to meet these men, but when are you going to meet with your constituents?
Unlike you, those men are brave and stood up in the face of outstanding adversity. But you? You're just a coward. A joke of an American.
They're brave enough to face a suprise attack. You're too much of a coward to face Coloradans.
Where's Cory
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Very true  now do your part to assure that the ACA is managed properly.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
Who fought for America, her PEOPLE and IDEALS...not the agenda of the Koch Bros, Mercer's, wealthy dark $$ advocates!
you & @GOP betray everything they fought and sacrificed for... ALL Americans! My WW2 vet grandfather is rolling in his grave
these people are real heros. All you have to do is speak against a bill that hurts your constituents. Stand up Senator.
Nice for them to actually get to see what you look like. #holdatownhall
Vote no on healthcare.  Out...
They would hold town halls
Did they ask you to hold a town hall?
