@SenCoryGardner I am sure the 1% will enjoy the relief, show me legitimate economist that say trickle down works....
You sure don’t help the middle class in Colorado. But I’m sure the wealthiest will thank you... trump will thank you. #VoteGardnerOut2020
“Death tax” is BS. Estates of very rich can pay or their kids can go to work. Be specific about that $4k-$9k.  That’s BS too.
You asked for constituency input yesterday, you voted today, is this what they told you? Window dressing perhaps?
Was anyone even available for the fake town hall ? With its last minute time change 
Oh I heard the whole thing. A sham. Full of bullshit.
More non answers and bs talking points?
Pretty much.
Thanks for filling me in. I guess I didn’t miss anything important @SenCoryGardner
I’d rather keep taxes the same and have national parks.
And clean air and water. EPA budget will be totally slashed 
No Senator Koch, you voted to give tax cuts to billionaires and likely crash the economy...stop supporting our POtuS and support Colorado!
How would tax cuts crash the economy?
Cuts $1.5 trillion from Medicare/Medicaid, adds $1.5 trillion to deficit. See: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_Recovery_Tax_Act_of_1981Prior … about Reagan's cuts. Very similar.
Cherry picked data. Means nothing.
Time will tell....
You DO realize Trump has nothing but contempt for hard-working Coloradans, right? -- he thinks they're chumps.
You voted to swindle hardworking Coloradans.
The GOP tax plan couple with your party's undercutting of ACA = more money out of my family's pocket.  Making the middle class pay for...
Time to step up and step out. #FlakeOut
No you didn’t. You voted for tax cuts for the wealthy, just like healthcare. We’re not stupid, we can do math & we won’t forget in #2020
Lose child tax credits. Hurts 2 to have 401k savings watered down. Why the pain? 2give rich a huge tax cut. U support this, ur unfit 4 COTUS
Thanks for helping screw us all
Lie. Just like your fake phone town hall today. I vote. And I am active. Know we will fight you and vote you out.
Impeach Trump!!!
Cutting that much corporate tax relies on wealthy for low and mid class wages rising. Not gonna happen. Just as in the past. /2
your tax plan is not 'tax relief' -- it's a scam! Maxing out 401K at $2400 so ppl are forced to pay first then save is not 'tax relief'
Liar,  get a spine.
And by “hardworking Coloradoans” you mean the rich!?
Too bad you are not a statesman like @JeffFlake
Shame on you! This is not tax relief for America. Only top wealthy.
You don't have any interest in helping anyone but yourself and your donors. You don't represent Colorado interests.
Well it's Colorado ready for a lot of soup lines because that's what we're going to get
That was tweet worthy and you and of course 45 did a great job. This is a MAGA tax plan. Simply and makes us competitive with world.
Trickle down economics does not work. Trump continues the lie that we are the highest taxed country in the world. /1
That sucking sound is your cash getting funneled to those who already have. I'm sure those the GOP is indebted to will be thrilled.
How does this policy take from the poor and give to the wealthy?
Ok, let's get pedantic. It doesn't literally take. A pittance of a break to the poor w/huge break for rich. 80% of 1.5 trillion to top 1%.
So the other 20% is spread across the other 320 million of us. And it's financed w/deficit spending. Guess what gets cut when deficits rise?
The social safety net. Healthcare. Education. The things some people think the government shouldn't be doing in the first place.
Hence, they "starve the beast".

I see through that. A small tax cut doesn't outweigh the societal loss.
Shame on you
Tax breaks for the wealthy & corporations isn’t the tax reform Coloradans want. Thanks for speaking out!
You're welcome! I'mma keep talk-tweeting until @SenCoryGardner starts listening to his constituents
That will never happen.  The only people he listens to are the Koch brothers.
Well that won't stop me from tweeting and speaking out. @SenCoryGardner you work for Coloradans not the Koch brothers. Remember that
Nothing but your removal from elected office will satisfy me and many others. #VoteThemAllOut #AmericaDeservesBetter #CoryIsACoward
Senator, still no details from you on exactly how the GOP tax reform will help the avg person.  Pathetic!
CO A PURPLE STATE. If you want middle-class  tax cuts. 1. Repeal all"loop holes." 2. END TAX EXEMPT STATUS. 3. ADD 40.6% RATE INCOME>MILLION
I can’t get through to your office, I’m hoping to hear why you just voted to cut Medicare and Medicaid.
“fiscal responsibility”?  No concern for National Debt.  Millionaires get 1/2 of cuts, middle class little, may wreck economy.
They get half the it's because they pay 80% of the taxes!
Then he should just say the Tax Cuts are primarily for the 1% ... as you just indicated.
Telling farmers & ranchers the repeal of estate tax helps them is deceitful.  Only helps those with >$5 million.  Average CO farm $1 million
Making such intentionally misleading statements to hard working farmers/ranchers and other Coloradans is cruel and self serving.
Unlike your dear leader most Coloradans are NOT morons. We know this bill is not good for Colorado & we want to know what happened in Niger.
you just voted to screw yourself in 2020 when you are voted out of office, and that is a fact.
No tax cuts for the rich!!!!
U r a liar
knows he won't be re elected in 2020. He knows he's screwed so he might as well go out with a bang.
how about cutting the bloated, unaccountable Pentagon budget first and starting fewer wars? Then cut subsidies to billion$ corps. #notFooled
You are a MANGO MONKEY minion. So sad
I’m working hard to see that you are not re-elected. You do not represent me
.@SenCoryGardner What happened to serving the constituents you swore an oath to serve rather than the wealthiest among us? #LiarLiar
Or at least those Coloradans whose hard work involves making large sum donations to @SenCoryGardner.
Tonight, I voted to pave the way to bring tax relief to hardworking Coloradans. Read my full statement here: https://goo.gl/vp2VMv 

People need higher wages. They need clean air to breathe. They need a sane president who won't start nuclear war. You plan to help with any of those things?
You voted to give the wealthy a tax cut so they would donate to your re-election campaign. I hope you spend loads and lose!
I'm going to do everything I can to prevent his re-election. Sadly, it's not until 2020.
I'm sad we have wait that long too!
I've never met a human being who has ever said, "AHH! THESE INCOME TAXES ARE RUINING MY LIFE!" Corps sure. But not regular people.
You need to get out of your mom's basement more.
Thanks, asshole. Let's turn the whole of the United States into Kansas!

Fuckin' dunce.
It worked for Kennedy.
Oh look, a RWNJ! Enjoy your block, fucknut.
Trump is lying about middle-class  tax cut. Hurts middle class to lose exemptions. Hurts to lose HOH filing status. Hurts to lose...
I am opposed to Republican/trump tax plan. This is a massive tax cuts for rich & Corp., paid for by middle-class. I want you to fight this.
Many disagree with adding 1.5 to 2.0 Trillion to ou deficit.  That's our money, not the Koch's money.  Poor choice to support this giveaway.
You paved the way for the poor house!
Hello my beautiful home state #Colorado.  My app will let you rate/review the performance of @SenCoryGardner. Follow us for launch updates.
But which hard-working Coloradans… The rich ones?
Cory, what happened in Kansas when they continue to cut taxes?
We are getting you out in 2020.
You can't be serious...
You sold us out!!
You are either deluded or just a liar. How can you possibly believe this will actually help us
Payout for the wealthy Koch Brothers.  The rest of us get screwed
I'm not buying into you BS. You know damn well this is just for the wealthy. Keep deluding yourself, but not the citizens of CO.
I’m a constituent who STRONGLY opposes this vote. You know this is a tax cut for the rich
How do you feel about cutting funding for Medicare and Medicaid?
Not to mention a whole bunch of wealthy people. How many billions does the Walton family stand to make?
You are nothing but a sleazy liar!
When you buy yourself a Congress, you expect a return on your  investment. This is nothing but a Treasury raid. HANG ON TO YOUR WALLET.
Shame on you, Senator.  Retired people vote. You are a goner if you don't save medicare funding.
U AND 18 OTHER LYING REP SENATORS VOTED AGAINST OBAMACARE TITLE 1 REPEAL WHICH IS THE BEATING HEART. YOURE A TRAITOR & A LIAR.
This tax reform is a gift to rich at the cost of Colorado taxpayers!  And so much for the fiscal conservative approach.  What a joke!
Cory- The good people of Colorado see you selling us out to your special interests. You can't possibly believe this BS. Blatant lies.


Proving you care nothing about deficits, Medicare, Medicaid, or your constituents.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/21/us/trump-epa-chemicals-regulations.html … Why do you support the attack on our healthcare? The loosening of all regulations that protect your constituents 
You are a liar. I look forward to voting you out of office. You do not care about the people Colorado - FULL STOP.
How horrible that you voted to cut Medicare and Medicaid while passing tax cuts for your rich friends. I DO NOT APPROVE, @SenCoryGardner
All you accomplished was showing your constituents your interest in lining your own pockets not theirs. Shame on you.
We need to lessen wealth disparity not exacerbate the problem.
Also pls avoid future 2+ Trillion dollar GOP wars. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial …
Stupid @twitter truncated my link. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-iraq-war-anniversary/iraq-war-costs-u-s-more-than-2-trillion-study-idUSBRE92D0PG20130314 … 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_cost_of_the_Iraq_War ….
Wealthy citizens and corporations need to pay higher taxes. Gotbit?
Will your tax cut hurt my family's healthcare? I can't afford higher premiums
You mean you voted for tax cuts for the rich. Thanks for that...
Booooo. Does nothing but harm
You misspelled “my rich donors”
Tax cuts for the wealthy, and $1.5 trillion added to the debt.
Sorry Cory.  We understand you care only about yourself and your party.   Colorado will remember in 2020
So angry at the Ratty Republicans.  Only tax relief will come to the top 1%.
We see through your lies. How much did you take for the vote. Enjoy it. You will have a warm place to go someday.
What ever pittance we get with taxes will be spent on our Medicare. You are a fool.
It’s such a scam. It only paves for more corp welfare and wealthy GOP base benefactors.
What about Obamacare Senator? What happened to your promises of Repeal & Replace which got you elected? Shameful. Time for everyone on this list of 17 must go in 2018 and 2020. #AmericaFirst #DraintheSwamp #TermLimits #MAGA

#EachDayIsAVictoryWhen we can work towards voting the GOP out.

Let's kick every Trump-enabler out of office. …
Senator, pfft, basically you have nothing to actually speak upon about exactly how tax reform will help the working class.
You realize your strongest point is that Americans spend too much money filing taxes? A huge industry for US jobs &small businesses #doh
That’s BS and you know it. Maybe the Laprino, the Anschutz, the Magnus, the Malone, and the Ergen families will save millions. Not me.
And are you considering lowering the 401K contribution limit? Young workers don’t expect Soc Sec to be around AND you want to kneecap this?!
Thanks for blowing up the budget
No basis for the est. tax savings for the middle class. Laffler curve doesn’t work, Ask Kansas!  Great plan for the rich, middle class, no.
We will remember how you voted time and time again against Coloradans for your own betterment. We will remember and vote you down and out!
Tax breaks for the very rich while limiting pre-tax dollars for the middle class for their retirement. What a creep you are! #corythecreep
Can you please explain why deficits only matter to  Republicans when Democrats are in power?
You voted to take money from your constituents & fill your coffers. Your lies don’t work. You are a disgrace to our gov’t!!
I thought the GOP was concerned about the federal debt? I guess that was only when they were the minority party?
When do we get relief from the narcissistic lying Trump?
Selling us down the river. Party before principle. Trickle-down didn't work in 1930s. Didn't work in 1980s. Bigger gap between rich+poor.
You so did not vote to help all Coloradoans. You voted to help your friends in the oil & gas industry. Aaaaà
This is tax relief for corporations and the wealthy, not us. Stop it!
You voted to increase the national debt and make it even harder for those of us in the middle class
You voted to kill hard-working Coloradans. It seems to be a passion of yours.
Keeping voting your way out of office.

The GOP's perennial "tax relief" issue is worn out horseshit.  Supply side economics is a fraud.  it doesn't work.  We know this. Stop.
Tax cuts when the Federal debt is $20+ trillion and the Federal deficit for FY 2017 was $666 billion. No way that's fiscal responsibility!
Tax relief for all 10000 of you hard working millionaires and billionaires...
Cory thinks Trump, who probably pays zero taxes, needs a tax break.
We don’t need tax relief. We need a government and it’s agencies to be funded to do the work of the people.
#25thAmendment
Voted for your rich pals, cutting 1 trillion from Medicaid and billions from Medicare
What ever happened to the conservative concept of Balanced Budget? Spending cuts are more needed than tax cuts at this point.
You also voted to open up the pristine Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling. Please explain to me how that will help Coloradans.
What is your plan to stop mass shootings?
Tax relief you propose goes almost entirely to the very wealthy - not to "hardworking Coloradans."  And it's to be financed by more DEBT.
A tax cut for the 1% on the backs of the middle class as always.
What happens to the deficit? Debt? Don’t respond w/growth. That is a myth. Nothing trickles down...
Liar. You voted to pave the way for tax cuts for the wealthy. Your constituents know the difference.
This is a load of bullshit, senator.
You support unstable, racist, traitorous @POTUS; attempt to remove American healthcare; focus on wealthy, big business; ignore Constitution!
Ditch the toxic POTUS
new Gallup Poll on how Americans view Trump performance as president: 35% approve, 60% disapprove
Sorry, the way I see it you voted to gut programs your constituents depend on to pave the way for tax cuts. They will blow up the deficit.
, congratulations on finding a way to both cut Medicare and Medicaid while also increasing the deficit!
Dear @SenCoryGardner. Your moral decay is almost complete. I think there's a poor child left with insurance and food. Take care of it pronto
You didn't vote for Colorado, you voted for your party.
I was curious to see how Coloradans felt about your vote... Seems that don't like you or your vote one damn bit. @GOP sucks for everyone.
if by "hard working Coloradans" you mean the wealthy 1% with vacation homes in Vaul, then OK.
YOU SOB! U VOTED TO GIVE RICH A TAX BREAK AND SCREW THE REST OF US! YOU VOTED TO GUT MEDICARE, MEDICAID SS - ONCE AGAIN BETRAYED COLORADO!
Bye bye cardboard Cory we are done with you
Vote cardboard Cory out of Colorado!
Cardboard Cory not right for Colorado votes against Coloradans, not right for the US. Took an oath to Trump and is a yes man to Trump.
I believe what you paved the way for is a $1.5 trillion deficit over 10 years and teeing up cuts to Medicare and Medicaid.
(CoryBull filter off)
Tonight, I voted to pave the way to bring tax relief to people who sit around the pool and wait for dividend checks.
You just server the Kochs and other billionaires, and the people be damned. The Rich will take more and more of the pie. TrickleDown Cory
Tax relief for the wealthy will not provide health care for the rest of us. I urge you to protect the most vulnerable
How do you make such absurdly dishonest claims of tax relief. for us? The only ones benefiting from your tax cuts are the rich and you.

District 6 needs to go blue.  Gardner is a "disaster ".
Specifically those who make 1 mil+ per year. Thanks for your service, Cory. And good luck in your post 2020 career.
2020
You will be voted out if I have to walk to every house in this state. No CHiP, cuts to Medicaid and Medicare all on the credit card  1)
2) so wealthy can have tax cuts they don’t need.
If this is for the middle class then why are democrats shut out?  This is the GOP way to increase deficit & cut Medicaid Medicare later
You're a stooge and a tool, Gardner.
Worst. Senator. Ever.
U screwed the Colorado middle class of we lose our tax exemption for state taxes.  This will the CO gets nothing.
No Sir, you were a good soldier tonight but your vote did nothing to grow middle class or people who work for a living
Do you even believe your own lie about helping Coloradans? You should be ashamed of the damage you have done to this state and the nation.
Are you kidding me? Nothing about this "paving stone" is in the interest of middle class Americans. Not all of us are fooled.
I wonder if I fall under that description or if my family doesn't earn enough for you to consider "hardworking" #middleclasstaxhike
Gardner knows he's not getting another term. 0% chance. His Springs base isn't big enough to win him another election.
My taxes are fine. It’s the price to live in a civilized society
I look forward to voting your ass out of office. Trickle down has never worked, you just killed the middle class.
How about some relief from the manbaby in chief?

.@SenateGOP just cleared the way for tax cuts for the wealthy and $1.5 trillion in more debt that our children will have to shoulder: 
Can it with the BS Senator. Wealthy donors are demanding huge tax cuts & that's what u are trying to bring.
Anyone have a link to the actual bill passed by the Senate, I'd appreciate it.  I would like to read it for myself to see what BS is in it!
I'd rather continue being able to walk. I can work BECAUSE of Medicaid. Putting the rich above your constituents is unamerican in my book..
You voted to allow drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, rather than representing your constituents. Shame on you.
You are disgraceful man. Claim to care about Colorado and your actions prove it. Replacing your lying  ass should be easy.
Meant your actions prove otherwise.
Your tax cut for only the wealthy opens the door to expanding the federal deficit by $1.5 trillion over 10 years.
Tonight, Corrupt Cory voted to pave the way to bring tax relief to hardworking Coloradans who are Billionaires. All others must pay up!  
Thank you for speaking out against Gardner’s support of the rich at the expense of average Coloradans.
OMG, we are screwed!  making under$250,000 per year... if you cared you would follow the dem vote
Goblin
As long as you give most cuts to the ultra wealthy and cut medicare and medicade you ate lying to the middle class
You wouldn't happen to be lying to us again Cory? Would you?
How is this helping hard working Americans?
Partisan hack
A fake senator. Perfect for the times.
