My amendment included in the #NDAA is aimed to prevent this from happening across the DoD. https://twitter.com/wsj/status/916212058189975552 …
About a year too late...
You and your fellow Republicans need to start taking Trump seriously. He is truely a threat to our national security. HELP!
Agreed. But we still disagree on healthcare.
And buying our elections. We are going to decimate The Republican Party. #VoteOutTheKochSuckers #AmericaDeservesBetter
You sir are the walking definition of pandering. Whatever you claim goes nowhere. You are a feckless mama's boy. Your amendment was ignored
what about the domestic adversaries like the @DNC who claim russia hacked them and caused @realDonaldTrump to win but wont let the FBI see the computers for the proof? mighty suspicious ... @Cernovich @infowars @WhiteHouse @FBI
Pence must reimburse the American people and resign! Trump must be impeached or removed via the 25th Amendment
Does this include activities like #robertmercer 's to collude with foreigners to affect elections? Not likely since he pays off your party.
I would also like to take mass shooting threats seriously @SenCoryGardner
Senator, bigger threat is out of control Trump. What you going to do about him?  Or are you going to let history judge you?
When do you call out this administration for the unbelievable waste of taxpayer money?
Yes you mean like that time we got hacked by Russians in the 2016 election?
But we should continue to sell weapons that can kill a ton of people because that's what the NRA wants and they give me a lot of money
Make paper ballots great again! Us lower to mid income peons will pay your taxes, as usual.
Maybe u 1st demonstrate the same courage as ur Senate colleague & denounce @realDonaldTrump as #UnfitToBePresident & invoke the 25th amendmt
If a computer is on, it is vulnerable.  Maybe we should go back to paper.  Reason and wisdom are the keys.
Can we start with those using unsecured email accounts? Trump, Ivanka and Jared to start!
Ignoring volume of constituents is more threatening!
Can we address the largest cyber threat of all please? DJT's twitter account! Seriously he threatens the constitution everyday boy!!!!!!!!!!
Have you talked to Trump about this, because it seems he's doing all he can to help our foreign adversaries. Step 1: Impeach Him Now.
Seriously? What a joke. Just how do you expect to do that with @realDonaldTrump, his family & cronies in the White House? #RussiaGate
The big threat is domestic terrorism
Where’s Cory
Huh.
We need go take the threat that the big banks and the Federal Reserve pose to We the People, as well as the military industrial complex.
Really? You are supporting a russian traitor n chief.
Wow, your not still undecided on this? Are you still studying the bill? Have you had a chance to read it?  #2020
Yes cyber threats are a serious matter and need to have sever penalties if caught. We need to do more in our technology application fit it
But didn't I hear Trump say he loved the Russians AND Wikileaks when they benefited him? Some call that treason.
.....or stealing presidential elections....and why do the Kushner's still have security clearance? Start with those two.
We also need to do all we can from preventing foreign adversaries from influencing elections& making new rules for when find out they have
Are you trying to put the president on notice?
Umm duh.

We also need to take domestic threats seriously; like senators who try to screw their constituents out of healthcare and enable traitors
OK, and you decided this when? After Muller started investigating?
This is a NO-BRAINER!  We will NEVER be cyber secure by the next election.  USE PAPER BALLOTS!!!!!!
So my boss gets to decide which medications I'm able to afford now? I sure hope he believes in antibiotics & anesthetic! #HandsOffMyBC @GOP
You don’t represent the people of Colorado. You only represent yourself.
You sir are the walking talking example of pandering. You are a feckless mama's boy with little initiative and zero morality.
Or influencing our elections. Wink wink nod nod
U take cyber threats seriously bcause there's no kickback in it. Gun & health threats...u r paid to vote against your constituency. No thx.
Hey @GOP, if insurance doesn't have to cover Birth Control, then it obviously shouldn't cover Viagra for men either. #HandsOffMyBC #Viagra
How about stopping corporations from stealing our precious wilderness? WHy did vote to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling?
Btw 1000% agree. We should take cyber threats seriously.
How about keeping them from stealing our election? Oh, never mind. We are okay with that.
More importantly we need to take mass shootings seriously and do all we can to prevent innocent people from being shot.  Gun control now!
Shouldn’t you be distributing paper towels?
How about cyber-stealing of our election by the Russians?
Ur guy says this is "fake news"...getting a spine or being fake? Only time will tell.
what about guns? Aren't they a threat?!
How about threats from the President, could we take those seriously? The country is not amused by "you'll find out" threats.
Like our elections?
2020
We need to take gun violence seriously & do all we can to prevent unstable individuals from having easy access to guns.
You need to take healthcare for Coloradoans seriously, “Mr. Public Servant”!
True. We also need to take threats to women's health seriously & do all we can to prevent adversaries from stealing our sensitive decisions.
What about elections?
Maybe removing security clearances for the moronic traitor & his family would be a good place to start. My God you are obtuse sometimes.
Vote NO on #TrumpTaxScam. Billionaires don't need more tax breaks.
Somebody better do somethin up thar on the Hill.
It's gettin to the point yuh gotta set a stake to see if Congress moved: Especially Senate!
How about also keeping hostile nations from changing voter roll info and propagating  fake news?
Like stealing elections and propagating fake news?
We need EDUCATION on cyber security in all high schools and colleges and for every business person.
Our govt. needs a plan ASAP, and to train, hire, implement. Next war winner is he who takes down utilities and banking system.
...and domestic criminals from using it to hack our elections. When is @gop going 2 admit we've been played? Once #Trumptaxscam has passed?
@SenCoryGardner Thanks for stepping up for Women in CO. Not. Your silence on Trump taking away birth control speaks volumes. You R a sexist

Great. Let's start by taking Russian interference in the 2016 election seriously. How does that sound?
USA must hire the best cyberspace scientists to have the best on cyber facilities, safety, & protection???
And the people to do that are the ones who colluded with Russia. #impeach #resign
hmm....I think we're already seeing results of Moscow cyber hacking the U.S. Thanks for being on top of it (but you're 12 months too late).
Yeah, then why do you support a President that insists it's all fake news and a hoax?When there's evidence between DJT and RU? How, exactly?
"...except for Russia.  I support their interference and thank them for helping to get white supremacist, @realDonaldTrump elected."~Gardner

Coloradans: Tell @SenCoryGardner his vote to open the #ArcticRefuge to drilling is unacceptable 202-883-6199 #ProtecttheArcticRefuge
Like Russia’s meddling in our last election? When are you going to act on that? Your words mean nothing. Action. NOW. Are you a coward?
How about pushing to revoke Ivanka and Jared's security clearance as a start
Thoughts and prayers, my man.
Like General Kelly's phone? Are you at all concerned that in 9 mos the Dossier has been confirmed, Russian intel has been in O office?
Why do Jared and Ivanka have security clearances & use private email servers for official business? Stop the rot at the top.
Perhaps preach to the current administration as opposed to us. We aren't the ones disregarding these threats.
Like trump giving it to russia?  JFC do something. Try defending America for once.
Cory, if it wasn't for these cyber threats, you'd have a Dem in office. So I'm sure you're trying REALLY HARD . Just like gerrymandering.
I agree, and you can start with impeachment #TrumpRussia #TrumpIsATraitor
Who in your party pushed for Kap lab to be used?  Why are personal emails and phones being used? If Obama did 1/1000th already impeached
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
Yeah we know.  Your job to get to the “How?”
