Trump administration approves Keystone XL http://politi.co/2ocXGGr  
A scant few jobs that will not last long, payoffs to those who pushed this dreck though, & many voters upset... #Vote
and has the potential to pollute THE PEOPLE's water. ALL republicans care about is $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
'commonsense'? That is insulting, considering the many legitimate views against it. Your mindset on energy is misguided
"Climate change is a violation of intergenerational equity - children are lawfully entitled to inherit a healthy planet."
How much were you paid for this?
you and common sense? haha that's funny - your voting recording does not reflect that
idiot
@politico 

This creates minimal jobs, uses Russian steel, big oil profits and will pollute land

I CANT WAIT to vote u out
let's get it right, 35 long term jobs. Pitiful!
Your support of these pipelines is appalling.
PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY PRIMARY YOU'RE FINISHED NOW!
Another #RussianPuppet , proud to use #RussianSteel to pollute Americas landscape
hmm, jobcreation myth, another move 2 keep us tied to fossil fuels and ur continued focus on Corp Profit over people #ByeBye
#ThankYou
Use your brain - try wind and sun - God's gift, just like your children - God's gifts.

35 FT jobs after it's complete. Your version of common sense baffles me.
We don't want this pipeline. It creates few jobs and is a giant problem if it leaks. #nokxl how would you feel if this went through ur yard?
volunteers having to clean up the spills from this don't count as jobs. I hope you're ready to no longer represent CO.
the people of Colorado will not benefit at all from this, yet the costs associated with burning the oil sands will doom us!
If by safe and reliable you mean deadly and destructive.  Wouldn't recognize common sense if it bit you.  #wearenotimpressed
- this creates dirty jobs. Clean renewable energy is the future! Thanks for putting us back 50 years! #disappointment
and uses Russian steel...
looks like you never disagree with president Putin
@politico Yeah, about 35 long-term jobs with foreign steel to pollute and do irreversible damage to the planet. Great idea.
as a constituent dont
Stop coddling the fossil fuel industry. Cut their subsidies! Stop being their toadies. We need to be phasing them out.
you are completely wrong on this vote. Thank god CO continues to move towards clean energy, solar and wind.

How about using common sense and demanding an independent commission to investigate the Russian hack attack against the US!
we do not want pipelines! #NoKXL
#yourlegacy #votehimout
President showing his IQ number
Ridiculous. The jobs are temporary & doesn't even use US steel. Pipeline makes Canada wealthy - US cars can't use crap oil
I like common sense decisions too! Like today I ate a salad for lunch. Have you made any common sense decisions?
you also support the Chinese steel that will be used, right? Are your aware CO isn't behind you? YOU BETTER VOTE NO INTERNET
CO voter here. 2020 cannot come soon enough, you'll be looking for a new job pal. Paid by Devos, ISP data and now Oil.
how can one man be so awful at his job
why, fossil fuels are dying, renewables will be cheaper and are safer. Invest in science, or we will vote you out.
A few short term jobs, no economic  gain for USA and a recipe for an environmental catastrophe WHEN, not IF, it leaks.
How do farmers in E. Colorado feel abt Ogallala Aquifer at risk? Probably no biggie, just livelihoods at stake.
Thanks for not being pro-snow. I am, and base my life on it.
No consideration for climate? Great. EvenNASA agrees tht if we proceed with XL that it is game over for the climate (skiing)
Your constituents are not buying this propaganda.
@politico @cologop The pipeline does no such thing. TEMPORARY JOBS and a disaster waiting to happen. Just to export oil?
Common sense would be abandoning the fossil fuel industry for sustainable renewable energy.
your support of keystone demonstrates your LACK OF RESPECT FOR OUR FIRST NATIONS.

BAD MOVE, Cory...
Why don't you ask us for our votes and post on Twitter like your colleagues do? You are done for ignoring us. #Cultof45
Are they using US steel to build it?
This is a big risk and the payoff is lengthening our addiction to non-renewable fuels. Foolish and short-sighted.
It's a travesty, as is your term as Senator.
boo.  This is our native lands you're talking about.  Who do you really represent Sen. Gardner
I have not heard how this oil will benefit the USA-thought it was for export
Your constituents feel this is a bad move. Who do you work for again?? #NoDAPL
let's run it thru your water source and wait for it to burst/leak! U r a sucky steward of the earth.
me too, especially since it's using American steel! #TrumpsStooge
@politico Yuge step in the wrong direction. $8 Billion spent on yesterday's tech, cementing behind progressive developers.
Imagine the global position of the USA if we spent $8 billion spent on the development of better, cleaner energy.
Either way, you're done in 2020. The good people of Colorado will run you out in a rail. #UnseatGardner2020 #80203
Right, who CARES if we trash the treaties with Native American? You're a Republican,OIL companies are your only concern.
Dearest Cory... I thought Trumpie promised to use US steel. Are you selling us out... AGAIN!
what happens when the pipe breaks and leaks into our water and on to our land? What then? #NOkeystone #NOdapl
Risking damage to the environment never makes "common sense." Americans deserve a healthy environment.
only 38 jobs. They'll be many more jobs in cleaning up leaks and in healthcare treating the people made ill by the pipeline
This when there is evidence that there has been a major oil pipeline spill?  Focus efforts on sustainable energies, Cory.
Corey Gardner, trump, common sense. Name the one thing that doesn't belong. #unpaid. 80210.
2020 is coming... not fast enoug,  but sooner than you think
How the heck is this commonsense? It's like you don't know what the term means.
common sense?  I respectfully disagree.  In fact, maybe you should look up the definition of common sense.
Do you also welcome the fact that Trump has partial ownership of company to build the pipeline & will PROFIT FROM AMERICANS?
@politico The pipeline only creates 35 US jobs then allows Canadian oil co to ship to foreign buyers.
You should really get away from Twitter. We get it, you're a Party line guy. Wish this thing was going through your yard.
Just another example of you kissing Trumps behind. I'm sure Colorado will take care of that when you don't get re-elected.
Why the silence on Trump/Russia? Call for an independent commission. Nunes is at least over his head, at worst complicit.
How about welcoming your constituents to a LIVE, IN PERSON town hall? Rather be a shill for Oil&Gas
@9NEWS Selling the environment out for 35 permanent jobs . . .  Bad trade-off!
CO voter here. You hedged on AHCA; you're praising a pipeline you know we Coloradoans don't want. Who are you representing?
who are you, really?
.@SenCoryGardner per research it doesn't create many permanent jobs, most are temporary. Pipes are also Russian. Think about that.
failed at hurting the poor and elderly so your moving on to the environment and Native Americans #classy
Yeah let's just go against what the people want, pollute, and screw the little guys.
hey cory tell "the closer" thanks for the hard work. Couldn't have done it without him.
the aquifer is priceless
that is crap. No on pipeline. What is wrong with you????
How many jobs does it create long term. Is it worth it?
...and benefits a Russian billionaire friend of Putin!

how much money do you make on big oil?
small # of temp jobs won't help.Oil price set on global mkt. Look at wind & sun potential in your own back yard.
what jobs? None on Colorado. Plus once built, only 50 US jobs for all that risk??? Give me a f*cking break! 80112
no
bad bad move....we will all rue the day this pipeline got approved
do your homework on project. 
FEW perm. jobs & HUGE possibilities for disaster!! When R U going to listen?
#onetermsenator
Please vote against #SJResolution18 Hunting bears from helicopters/ inside their dens is egregious. We are better than this.
and u will be absent when the first ecological disaster occurs
Of course you do. We all get it... you don't think for yourself and will never stand up to Trump. #NoVote2020
Donaldo Trumpov has to pay back his most valuable supporters. Does nothing for us, but we are saddled w/ environmental risk.
10s of jobs will be created.  Take the environment serious or I will fire you.
Not safe.Crosses sovereign lands in US & Canada. 3 dozen permanent jobs. Trump invested in parent company. Dumb choice cory.
Another proud moment for the GOP (Greed Over People) team. Your fossil fuel bosses will be pleased. Check is in the mail?
hey, one-term Cory. Notice how town halls spoke loudly and clearly on Capitol Hill today? Coming out of hiding anytime soon?
Don't brag about this. The # of permanent jobs crated is <50, and the damage the Canadians are doing to the earth is huge.
Why don't you create some jobs cleaning up Flint? That will be good training for when they have to clean up after Keystone
you're probably my least favorite person. Vote no on the pipeline. Do your job better.
are you real ?  If you vote for this then I won't vote for you!!!!
the end of your career cannot come soon enough
not talk of health care. I am sure you faced a conundrum of taking Koch Bro $$ and following Trump.
Cory "For Sale" Gardner.
Creates 35 perm jobs. Uses Russian steel. No cleanup provisions. And it's not even our oil to use. That's common sense?
#KeystoneXL barely creates any jobs at all. I heard a very important CO job will be opening up in 2020 tho.. #VoteThemOut
This is horrible.  As the planet burns you increase the temperature.
temporary construction jobs & long term profits for a Canadian company....FARCE!  81005 #notpaidtoprotest
Coward Cory supports Big Oil Again.
we don't need it!
And pollutes our water and environment and it's on sacred ground.this is wrong!
it is NOT safe. No way no how ~ why are you saying such ignorant things? Oh, that's right - @Anadarko_Oil your no. 3 Donor!
you are so very wrong, again. The KPL will destroy natural habitat, foster environmental disasters and does not create jobs
If you were actually in Colorado more you would know its been 80 degrees in feb?! Invest in clean energy before it too late
surprise, Trumps lapdog supports oil industry, opposes CO environment. We're gonna make sure you never get a job in CO again
while you welcome it, the people you represent do not.
this is against what many Coloradans believe and want. When will you have an in person town hall event?
Because you work for the oil and gas industry and not your own constituents?
#wedontforgivewedontforget 
#resist
this will create only 35 permanent jobs.This is meant to line your pockets with oil money.I can't wait to vote you out.
@politico you support a Presisent and policies your state does not. Amend healthcare forget about replacing #MoveForward
SHAME!!!
#adiosIN18 #adiosIN20
So 35 jobs is worth stealing land from native people through violence? Your commensense is skewed. http://money.cnn.com/2017/03/24/investing/keystone-pipeline-jobs-trump/ …
What happens when it contaminates the largest aquifer in the country for a few temporary jobs. Pure greed !
Sets us up to pollute more & we continue to be dependent on fossil fuels instead of forward facing, #KeystoneXL bad idea @SenCoryGardner
Wouldn't expect you not to side with oil company for profit though - follow the money  @SenCoryGardner
Really, just how many jobs and how can you say safe and reliable
It will create 35 jobs at the cost of water/land for oil not to be used in US
I applaud the moving forward of the keystone pipeline - more jobs and more energy independence.  Thanks for your hard work.
Yeah, 35-50 perm jobs. Canadian Oil, exported out of this country! Energy Independence? More Jobs?
ok, so let's put it in your backyard.
What say you of the Lakota treaty lands and archaeological history, protection for the Ogallala aquifer? Bet it's 'lol wut'.
You are grabbing at minute short term gains while ignoring the IMMENSE long term losses. It will bite the world in the ass.
It will also bite you personally in the ass in 2020. #NoKXL
35-50 jobs. That's not enough to employ my highschool grad class. And it's not 'safe'. But only $$$ matters to you, right?
This is not "common sense." The pipeline creates minimal jobs while maximizing possibility of environmental damage.
this is great news for our nation. Cory, don't listen to the snowflakes, the majority of CO ppl support this pipeline!
you are crazy!
you are all driven by greed. Jobs can be created by investing in green energy.
Is there anyone left in the state of Colorado that supports you Mr Gardner? You are so off base here as usual.
Oil and gas money can't buy a new planet. I'm a constituent and you are a horrible representation of our ideals. #ashamed
Dirty Canadian Tar Sands oil being pipes down to Gulf Coast for export. Doesn't help the good old USA!
The "common sense" decision to spend billions on OLD energy to create 35 permanent jobs?! 
You are SO out of touch, Senator.
Russian jobs!!!
what an Orwellian way to describe a dangerous and backward project. Your crony capitalism won't be forgotten #swingleft
Thank you for contributing to more climate change! You are quite out of touch with your fellow Coloradans, and the world.
Boo!!!!!!!
Enjoy your oil money while you can...we're gonna boot ya in 2021.
It doesn't make sense if you're an environmentalist.  Switch focus to clean energy. @RepTipton @realDonaldTrump
You're completely right, fossil fuels are the future! #OppositesDay
you welcome an outside company using our land. You welcome polluting our water. You welcome breaking treaties. Congrats.
disgusting and disgraceful
do you not understand that any action that promotes the consumption of fossil fuels endangers the planet?
of course you do.  Bought and paid for.  Hopefully going to jail with the rest of the criminals in the rebublican party
Oh dear, there goes Cory again, not listening to his constituents and selling out the people he's supposed to represent
so how many jobs is this actually going to create? Last estimate < 300? What about damage to our environment? #representUs
I guess you do NOT value your seat!! Listen to YOUR constituents! Vote NO NO NO on Keystone! Shame on you!
this another example of how your constituants don't want want you to vote for something and you do it anyways.
Shame on you. Resisting the future of energy & leaving destruction in your wake.  Selfish & short-sighted.
You forgot to add "...for China"
, With all due respect, your political future is in deep trouble.
please stop with the brainwashing. Being dependent on oil is senseless at best.
what about the environment and the impact on people?  Stop just thinking about who gives you the most money.
read your comments to this tweet. Your job is to listen to your constituents. You are not listening.
You welcome it b/c you don't care about oil spills or environmental degradation, & b/c you think climate change is no big.
I welcome you looking for a new job when we the people vote you out.
What happens when the fossil fuels run dry? Why not renewables...o yes...they are the folks that fund elections.
Even in the face of all this record heat?  Oh my....
judging by the number of negative tweets you most likely will be working for big oil in 2020
.@SenCoryGardner This is ridiculous. Shame on you!
Why do both of us have such worthless reps?
Well, it's easy to guess for you. For me it's gerrymandering.
This thread is 176-0 against.  Are you sure this is the position you want to take?
do you hear us?  No to this pipeline!
another example of not listening to the people you represent? Not surprising. Big oil pays you too well....
Not commonsense @SenCoryGardner, those jobs are short term temp, and the oil mud is filthy for our environment. #2020isComing
dead-end jobs in an obsolete industry that further upsets the climate balance of our planet — this is not common sense
maybe they should build it on your property, by your water source, and not get permission then! It's never ok to steal land
Yeah, you welcome 35 jobs at the expense of Russian steel on NA lands to export for Canada ruining our environment-awesome 
BS. How much cheaper can oil and gas get? Simple economics, pipeline not needed. And coal ain't coming back.
This another nod to the big oil business and denial of the need to focus on clean energy in repose to climate change.
Yes all of 35 jobs will be permanently created.  Just oodles and oodles.  We don't need more stupid pipelines.
A reminder that Colorado did not vote for Trump or his agenda. We will vote you out in 2020.
why are you trying to poison the earth and your constituents? that is not common sense
not commonsense but DOLLARS & CENTS
