3. As an ACA customer I'm happy with my plan and options. Is it perfect? No but you should strengthen the plan not destroy
@csgazette Republicans no longer care about deficit, Russia threat, environment or public ed #russiagate #ReleaseYourTaxes
wow - just brilliant. Why hasn't anyone thought to do that before?
sounds exactly like POTUS address on Tues-list obvious desires w/ no realistic way to achieve,tell us how u will accomplish
It must be hard to be a Republican with a crazy person at the helm, but don't go down with the ship. Stand up for Colorado.
The day is fast approaching where u will have to take a stand against a dangerous @realDonaldTrump
when will you grace us with your presence with an in person town hall?
Inexpensive, high quality, fast.  Pick two, you don't get 3.
I don’t trust you or the republicans.  You are selling this country  out with this latest con.  GET REAL SENATOR
Platitudes! #RepealNow the ACA, the McCarran-Ferguson Act 1945 & the Prescription Drug Marketing Act of 1987. #DoYourJob
Ask Jennifer Shaufele from DRCOG to accept the invitation to lead the Veterans in transit reform that pays basic care.
what a great idea. Lower costs and  increase quality. Why have republicans been keeping this a secret?
what does that mean?Will you force insurers to offer a less expensive premium? Are you suggesting services at Dr are less?
Oh, we should totally do that. Why are we doing it your way then? Your way sucks.
will you call for an investigation into Sessions' ties with Russia?  > ?
@POTUS @csgazette "it's complicated" You are supporting the most inept president we've ever had #ACA #healthcare
so many things to say to you 1.  I wonder what the ACA would be like if republicans hadn't butchered it in 2009
you leave out the essential third pillar, provide care model that will lot bankrupt the sick.
.@SenCoryGardner How *exactly* are you going to do that? Show your work.
Will you promise not to support a Republican bill that increases premiums? Right now that is what you are doing.
can't wait to see how this works out. Always here to find reliable data & true stories for your use on this subject.
much easier said, than done, sir - why would anyone be opposed to such a simple concept?
this is sooooo condescending to your constituents.
and let's not forget, #stillnorealtownhall for #coreythecoward.
Ah, the smell of lies of omission in the morning.  Quality for a few, maybe, but already sick?  Screwed!  #wearenotimpressed
do you know how it feels to get sick and are afraid it will get worse and can't afford the bill? With ACA I AM COVERED
Wrong - #GardnerTELETownHall ... you have to invent things to avoid your constituents.
How will you do it @SenCoryGardner ?
let me know when you figure out how to turn leaf into gold top.
They will not understand the jargon in the fine print to realize they may have a cap on benefits or other limit.
"Will have access to" -- makes all following it meaningless to the low income, low information insurance consumer.
You won't do that with Medicaid block grants, or high risk insurance pools. You won't do that by enriching insurance co.'s.
no government health care period! Insurance company reforms yes, rebates no.
2. I was prevented from enrolling in a healthcare plan after I was laid off for preexisting condition.
In many cases low cost = no insurance IF the deductible is too high, if prescription drugs are included in deductible.
So...how are you going to do that? Medicare for all? A public option? Otherwise, words are wind.We'll see what you vote for
well said!   Might I add allowing more choice to patients for the kind of doctors they seek
you're going to keep and improve the ACA - great!
the ACA was funded by the heritage foundation. The ACA is repub plan for health care. If you don't like it, blame yourself
and the devil is in the details.
specifics please. Not HSA's, Risk Pools, or block grants. #askpeoplewhoknow
#Gardnertownhall Not a town hall, a cowardly way to hide from constituent. #yourlastterm
I don't believe you. What prevented you from doing it before the ACA?
#how
On telephone town halls: Change the time ONLY if you’re literally afraid of your constituents.
Support universal healthcare and not high-risk pools, block grants & whatever nonsense your Republican bosses are peddling.
don't take away Medicaid expansion and cover pre-existing conditions. That means incentives for young healthy
mind- BLOWN!!!!! You're a f@#*n GENIUS!!! How didn't anyone think of that before?
Yes! It’s called “single-payer” by the way. Check it out.
those are goals, not strategies
you're promising equal or better care at equal or better rates for all Americans?
Then get rid of HMOs and introduce Medicare for all.
your "plan" does neither. #ryantoady
you've been saying that for years we still don't believe you
when/where is the town hall? I'd love to hear you say this in person!
how how how how how
Need to bring in thousands of immigrant doctors and nurses. Yes, even the Muslim ones. 
GOP = DEATH PANEL!
So, like...a cheaper, more efficient, more ethical single payer system for all like everyone else on the planet has? Right?
when and where is you town hall in CO to discuss your policy positions? From a concerned citizen
1) today was not a town hall, and 2) neither are possible when you cut taxes on the rich. We all know that.
How, exactly?
@realDonaldTrump said it himself--Healthcare is really really complicated! I can't wait to hear your magical plan.
#SinglePayer
.@SenCoryGardner how do you think you're going to do that?
the Republicans have been trying to achieve this since Nixon. ACA included much of what GOP wanted. So what's the "new"plan?
and who are you addressing these thoughts to?
oh, and babies should be fed. All good things...
Well get on it bubba!  Let's see your plan.
such a bold vision for the American future. You're a luminary. One question... How?
Great. Now tell us how you'll do it. Otherwise your words are empty. Also, meet with us in person next time. #kthxbye
how?
Why will insur co's play along when it goes against their multi-million $$$'s in profits????
Read NBC story pharma for MD drug $89,000 annually- are you kidding???
Why should we believe Humana exec when his merger to Aetna denied?? Wouldn't that create a GIANT health insurance monopoly??
How do you square Humana exec personally makes $17.3M annually but calls ACA death spiral???
hold insur co's accountable for pulling out of market & pharma for gouging!
block grants, HSA's, tax credits, nor high risk pools will do that. Scrap ACA and kill Americans. Care can't be political!!!
yes,
please come to a town hall and let's talk about that.Trump promised it all and yet the GOP yet to offer anything close.
How do you plan to support women's access to healthcare? Be brave.  Support Planned Parenthood.  It's the right thing to do.
it seems like Planned Parenthood fits with an affordable HC plan.. Women's rights are human rights - do you agree?
daddy Trump said lower cost and everyone will be covered.  Anything less will be a loss and you'll be voted out of office.
and individuals need to be more proactive about their own well being. #preventdisease
a better hashtag would be #GardnersPatheticExcuseForATownHall. You changed the time last minute, ya joker.
free unicorns after 30 days!
lots of talk but no answer
Aspirational! Are you making a policy suggestion there as well?
And then you will turn water into wine, right?
duh. How?
- Why bother pretending you give a rip about the local community or this country. You are as fraudulent as Orange Beast!
Very good. Can we now all face reality and agree that the only way to this is with a single payer system?
And to win football games you have to score points. The difficulty in both situations is the HOW.
Sounds like a pipe dream! Let's get more companies into #ColoradoConnect and #SaveACA
or lose your congressional seat!
are you reducing the benefits in order to reduce the costs?
you're blowing smoke. Even your own CBO numbers come back far worse than ACA.  Stop lying to us. We're not stupid
Reform, don't repeal, the A.C.A.
repugnant buushit
Or just call it "Trumpcare". Done.
Now start working with insurance providers to meet these goals. They have been the problem...corporate greed!
How about fixing ACA?  Repealing will put 20M at risk. Don't give back $Ms to the 1%.  Hold a real Townhall.  #runandhide
Apparently you are smoking Colo weed or do you have some magic potion we don't know about. How are you going to do this. HOW
You break it, you own it
A telephone call during a work day is NOT a town hall - 80401 constituent here #NotTownHall #WheresCory
.@SenCoryGardner Nice hashtag, but this isn't a Town Hall either.
hey! What a great idea! Your originality kills me-do you have health care for that?
my $0.02. Never give in to screaming bullies who act like toddlers throwing tantrum. Until ppl behave as adults no townhall.
1) I see no tantruming toddlers here, I see angry/frustrated Constituents. 2) HE works for US. Period.
How do you pay for it?  How are you going to pay for everything your Master promised?  How @SenCoryGardner ?  How??
make it AVAILABLE TO ALL, no annual limits, no pre-existing exclusions. MEDICARE FOR ALL. *Access* means nothing.
Novel concept you got there.
#GardnerTownHall hold a real townhall, tap dancing show was wasted over the phone, we prefer a live performance
so the irrational bullies can shout and act like toddlers throwing a tantrum. No way, I hope!
I listened to townhall, no one was a bully, still need explanation of differences in statements and actions
I wasn't referring to phone in Townhall but to what others faced at in-person Townhall. Pathetic behavior.
.@SenCoryGardner Sounds great! We can all get behind this. Please share your detailed plan to achieve this worthy goal. #healthinsurance
both goals of the aca. What's your plan?
#GardnerTownHall you said potus gets whomever he wants, why bother with hearings? Biden rule claim was partisan nonsense
How is this possible w/o ind mandate. You need the young healthy ones to offset & help pay for the old farts like @POTUS
Great goals, but how is it achieved.People are worried it will return to Pre-ACA (denial & bankrupcy) w/State picking up tab
#gardnertownhall platitudes are so much easier over the phone
HOW? HOW? HOW? Those are nice concepts now show us the specifics!
People should stop hating and hurting each other. This is my Gardnerism for today. How? I'm not telling you.
If this were a test question you would get 1/10 points. Where is your work? How did you get there?
#gardnertownhall your actions are opposite of your talking points
.@SenCoryGardner something that pools premiums to spread risk? covers every1? subsidies for poor? we could call it "affordable care act?"
and your plan is? Universal healthcare is the ONLY way to go
Is this part of Trump's Magic Kingdom?  I hear the rhetoric, but no solutions.
so kind of same logic as saying we can lower cost/quality of real estate by kicking everyone out of their current homes?
yes please do that! NO HMO national system that doesn't allow insane profits off of sick people
How you going to do that?
How?
so what is the Republican's plan for that? Tell the insurance companies they need to take less money?
So, you support single-payer healthcare then, @sencorygardner? It lowers the cost of care while increasing access & quality.
And now we call your office to follow up on this "town hall" (303) 391-5777
#GardnerTownHall you said you support ed, enviro & civil rights but rubberstamped 45's picks who will do the opposite?
actual details please! You had eight freaking years to come up with a GOP plan!
How about control the cost imposed via the govt by regulations on both care and more importantly on insurance.
You represent big insurance not consumers. You don't care about lower costs. And what town hall?
40min telephone town hall-- not enough.  Never got to ask a question.  You need to do better.   When's the next one?
Never mind when the next phone call is, when will he be here in person? A phone call isn't enough.
so the irrational bullies can shout and act like angry toddlers throwing a tantrum? No way.
that should have been your goal the whole time! It would be easier to fix parts of the ACA than to start all over.
and cut taxes and cover everyone at the same time?  Good luck.
Who wouldn't want that? That's easy to say, but if you vote for repeal w/o replace, then you don't really mean that.
You forgot puppies for everyone...
I want a pony please.
But how?
Excuse me. Did I miss the plan for this somewhere? WTF are you talking about?
You are an embarrassment to Colorado.
How do you do that when the INSURANCE companies and lobbies control so much of this?
Obviously. And how will you lower the cost of care?
How??  What's the plan??
and ensure greater access to coverage? #GardnerTownHall
How? Specifics, please.
that doesn't answer "how" it will be done.
