Your crowds are shrinking, Cory. You're spent.

And when you can no longer deliver numbers for your big donors they'll drop you too.
For some reason Sen Gardner doesn't have to care- neither do most GOP colleagues. Maybe they don't hear us?
They don't hear us b/c they were hired to defend the ultra-wealthy. We are a distraction.
How nice to hear about your hanging out with the Colorado Cattlemen, however, we missed you at this critical rally today.
Many people with autism had important things to tell you about their needs.
Would you like to know more about how much people with autism depend on Medicaid?
Got HEALTHCARE for them? Lower taxes for Farmers and other working people? Goofy!
Did you share with them how your secret meetings are going to take away their healthcare? #lifeofacoward
Did you ask them if they cared that they could lose health ins & costs for health ins for the elderly will skyrocket under @gop plan?
Wow! Look at that BIG Crowd of Constituents!
You were supposed to show up in Steamboat, no show, afraid of opposition?
Sir, meeting with people you represent is very good, more than you've done in your career. Now meet with people who may not agree with you.
Vote NO on the BCRA. Keep the ACA -- it works! It can be improved, but repealing it will mean misery and death for millions.
Coward Cory still refuses to hold Townhalls. Chicken!
You are not doing what you were hired for. You need to be backing our health care.  I will not vote for you next time
That's great! How about also holding townhall on the Front Range during the recess to get input regarding Health Care? #dontcutmyhealthcare
Still playing it safe in your CO travels - only meeting with likely conservative groups and no public meetings or town hall.  Coward.
Did the US Chamber sanction this trip?
Will there be healthcare access for people in Loma if you vote for BCRA. I think not
How lucky for those few ppl that their Senator cares about them. Screw the cities though we aren't important.
Cattlemen are corporations too.
What do they do for healthcare? I'm sure u r making sure they have what they need, right? How about the rest of us? C'mon Cory, do ur job!
Small groups. A sign of a weak senator who is too scared to meet with the rest of his constituents. #coward #colorado #oneterm
Are you tired of posting positive messages and being torn apart? In person Town Hall's might be the cure for you.
If you did a Townhall meeting in Pueblo, we would bring those green and red agree and disagree signs, like we did with Tipton.
Sid you have fresh milk ?
.@SenCoryGardner, we googled “most isolated spot in CO” for you, in case you’re wondering where to do next photo op: http://www.denverpost.com/2007/05/03/colorado-has-most-remote-area-in-u-s/ …
I had a great time touring a dairy farm in Loma and having dinner with the Colorado Cattlemen in Fruita last night on the Western Slope. 
Did you let them know that 400,000 rural Coloradans Health Care is at risk? How many of them will loose their coverage? #whereiscorygardner?
He simply doesn't care about his constituents. No redeeming qualities. I'll be working hard for his replacement!
Your office said you were meeting w/Health Care Providers during recess. I hope Cattlemen did not suggest "Veterinarian" option.
#TownHall
The cows will have better health care than your constituents!
Workin hard or hardly workin? I'd go to a town hall at a dairy farm! Set it up Cory!
Come visit us in Pueblo. We'd like to have a conversation!
I'm sure it was far more important to tour a dairy farm than hear what your constituents have to say about health care, COWARD
Why aren't you talking to the people sitting outside your office? They waited a very long time, and I do believe that qualifies as rude.
How do rural Colorado voters like your RIPOFF HEALTH CARE plan Cory?

Why are you having peaceful protesters arrested at your office? #Colorado #WeThePeople
The Grand Valley relies on medicaid and will suffer if the senate bill passes. If you must repeal #obamacare, move towards #medicaidforall
Too bad you don't have courage to conduct real town hall. You think we will forget in 2020 but you are wrong. Healthcare is a right. Lemming
Did you tell them you were fucking them out of their healthcare and their children's education and futures?

Still waiting Senator. 
What do you stand for?
Who do you stand with?
I'll wait.…
Staying far away from the bulk of your constituents aren't you?
It would be swell if you could just listen to your constituents and #VoteNoBCRA
Would have driven to Fruira or Lima from Grand Junction to talk about healthcare.
What did they say when you told them you support TrumpCare?
Gardner is  happy to do Trump's bidding, including taking away Medicaid for the disabled and poor.  Trump's lap dog.
Geez, Cory! You might as well be lounging on the New Jersey beach! Have a Townhall, for crying out loud!!
So Cory is hanging out with white people in the middle of nowhere.  Safe. Away from the people you will hurt for daddy Trump. #trumpsbitch
@SenCoryGardner do the right thing. Health care is for everyone. Listen to your Colorado residents! #SaveMedicaid #ThursdayThoughts
enjoy! you won't be our senator in a few years. Tell your wife she doesn't have to worry about constituents calling your house anymore.
Did you listen to people scared about losing health coverage, affordable and covering preexisting?
Where's Cory
That's great! Can we talk about healthcare now? Please seek input from Democrats, hospital administrators, and caregivers.
How much did they pay you for that?
Hanging with a dozen or so buddies, hiding from the thousands of Puebloans you are fucking over with YOUR #TrumpCare bill. #SHAME!
Did you find any streams you can dump waste coal into.....
Why so scared to talk to the rest of us? Coward.
I think you meant, "It's been so great cowering in fear from the hundreds of thousands of #Colorado voters who want a #TownHall." #DoYourJob
Did you inform them that you are taking away their healthcare?
Am I not a REAL Coloradan because I live I JeffCo? Why not a nice picnic dinner for us?
And when you're GOP and afraid to show yourself in JeffCo & Clear Creek--you've got a problem.
There are some folks waiting for you in Denver...don't be shy...
Don't u mean u had a great time visiting farms while avoiding ur constituents questions regarding ur role on #Trumpcare & hurting millions?
You replied to a friend of mine concerning healthcare that you are still lying your ass off and saying Obamacare is a disaster.  No. You are
U should have been an actor, Senator.  U pretend to be a Senator when convenient for u. Ur constituents want town hall to discuss #trumpcare
Mark Udall was ten times the senator you have been!  Keep selling us out.  Question is, can a landslide defeat still be rigged so you win?
Keep giving your constituents the middle finger and then see if the Koch Brothers can still buy your election.  Or will it be rigged?
Please fix our healthcare system instead of taking quaint photo ops
No town hall? @SenCoryGardner
What about their healthcare?  Medicaid should not be included in heatjcare debate. Save our healthcare
before or after you explained to them that because of your  bossbuddy none of them will live to see 80?
Is your staff calling around looking 4 people that support u so u can appear 2 B talking to constituents? U guys really underestimate us
Good thing there were no disabled activists there to make you feel weird! I'm guessing those folks donated to you, eh? How much?
You are just using these people to distract from the fact that you are not doing your job! Why can't you care like @SenBennetCO? Shameful.
Appears that only 4 of 8 eligible voters want a pic w/you.  And 3 of those 4 are eligible for Medicare that you want to take away. #9NoShows
Hope you explained to them how you're going to take away their healthcare to give money to the Koch's! Devalue their lives in person. #ACA
I was with a lot of folks at your Denver office yesterday who would also like to talk to you. I'll set up a picnic table if you'll chat BCRA
Vote NO on Trumpcare
Seems like you like to meet with #takers.  How about your constituents that want to discuss #Trumpcare with you at a town hall?  #Wealthcare
Squirrel!
Well staying on the Western Slope
Remember you work for us!  We want an in person Townhall so we could speak to you about your plans for healthcare
Did you tell that small girl when she grows up never have issues with her overaries because it will devistate her financially & motionally.
Did you say I hope your family has savings and can pay for you when you can no longer take care of yourself... Pass the gravy?
Did you tell them to there face that if they get cancer... you don't care.  Maybe thats what you should have said
What about healthcare it makes me sick 2018
Can't wait to hear when you'll be holding an event with constituents to discuss healthcare and hear from the people that pay your salary
Dude. You're just going through the motions. Maybe think about a real healthcare fix, instead of healthcare evisceration?
Did you bring your buddy?
I'm having a terrible time worrying about losing healthcare for myself and my family
How the heck did a lawn ornament get to be a Senator?

Bring home a Cory GardenGnome!

@SenCoryGardner
Awesome! Can we have dinner? Or coffee? Just a quick chat. Love, the constituents you are ignoring!!!!
touring a dairy farm? touring a dairy farm? sounds like you toured a treacle factory. you are losing it, man. REAL TOWN HALL! at red rocks!
Or what about effects of TrumpCare on rural communities?  Any discussions of that?
Did you ask the agricultural community about effects of immigration policies on agricultural workers?
There are constituents on the front range too. Might at least drop by a city instead of always hiding in the hinterland.
WHY DONT YOU GET BACK TO DC AND GET SOMETHING DONE LIKE SUPPORTING OUR PRESIDENT!!!!
Did you explain to them how you're trying to take away their health insurance?
Gardner=Trump
It was so nice of them to feed you before you take away their health insurance.
You know the optics of this don't look good when you refuse to face your constituents.  It's a fundamental duty so try to do your job!
I would have a great time hearing your position on healthcare.  Will you protect rural hospitals now and in the future?
Did the dairy farmers and cattlemen press you on healthcare?  Vote  NO on Trumpcare and work to make ACA better for everyone.
Good to see you representing the entire state but the big city awaits you. Don't be shy.
You know what would be great? An evening spent with constituents that aren't preselected. It would be almost like job fulfillment.
Did you explain how the new healthcare bill would shut down rural hospitals?  Vote NO!
If you think that was fun, you should come to the rally at your Denver office. The address is 1125 17th street in case you forgot.
Looks fun. Come have dinner with us in Denver, I know a lot of people who'd like to talk to you. Enough to fill a whole town hall even.
Glad you're having a great time while your constituents are working our butts off trying to get you to do your job. Please just resign. NOW.
Better start listening to your constituents, or you're going to be a 1-term lame duck.
Hi Senator , Did you talk about healthcare with these fine folks?  How do they like your  new plan ? 81632
Soft Cory Gardner tweeting about all the great things he's doing. Still won't meet with his constituents. Weak leadership at its finest.
Eyy Cory think you might have dropped this buddy. Swing by a town hall meeting with your constituents sometime if you want it back
He says he's undecided. We know that he really means he's all for it (in any version) but is too cowardly to come right out and say so.
Just want to make sure you know - 80% of Coloradans live in the Front Range. We'd like to talk to you too! #wherescory #townhallsmatter
Superficial posts and photo ops make it worse for you.  Engage in substantial conversation.  Will go a long way for your approval ratings.
I really hope that milk magically cures all aliments b/c they won't be able to afford healthcare if you support your party's healthcare bill
Vote no on misguided senate anti-healthcare bill . #KeepACA #ACA
Have you gotten any of my faxes, senator?
Okay, HOW ABOUT A TOWN HALL?
4 of 27% of Coloradans who support you.  Try conversing with the rest of Colorado.  Afraid to defend rubbish you spread about healthcare?
You need to contact your constituents. Hiding is not doing you any favors
2020
Wondering if you'll hold a town hall before the Trump administration is over! Remember who you work for, or you won't work for us for long!
When do you plan on meeting with constituents when it doesn't amount to a photo op?
stop glad-hand campaigning, start governing
These tweets are a bunch of #NothingBurger
Have u seen ur latest poll numbers? U are out of touch, over ur head, and ignoring ur constituents. Listen to the voters & have a town hall.
No one wants this healthcare bill and we're tired of you refusing to acknowledge our concerns http://www.coloradopols.com/diary/96692/ppp-trump-trumpcare-gardner-circle-the-drain#sthash.GOm6cwbp.dpbs …
I would've driven over there if I would've known. Where are you today? I have some questions about health care. How are you going to vote?
Me too!!
There's Waldo!
This is why your approval rating is 27% in Colorado right now. You disrespect us with this fluff when you know we're afraid about healthcare
Another nothing post. Try walking down the street in Denver. Try holding a real town hall. Try speaking about #TrumpCare. Try doing your job
Was this what you CONsidered a town hall?  Did you support or not support the GOP health terror bill?  Coloradoans all need to know...
You have a lot of explaining to do, Cory.  You claimed you had not even seen bill before it was released, yet you were on select ctte?
The house and senate have added and subtracted a lot of amendments to the healthcare bill. You can't call it trump care
They look like a friendly crowd. Unlikely to challenge your bullshit
Please see my pinned tweet about how TrumpCare is unpopular
Come home so we can have a town hall. Please.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
