Gorgeous canyon views & history await at Mesa Verde National Park by Chris Wheeler #Colorado 
except maybe listening to and serving your constituents?
so that's where you e been instead of giving town halls? @denverpost @DenverWestword #WheresCory?
townhall on the trail? Maybe @SenCoryGardner is having an existential crisis.
Holding a town hall might be better.
why don't you vote to protect it? Oh wait... you voted for Pruitt.
If you love the outdoors, please vote NO to repeal HJ Res 69
Until it's poisoned, polluted, and sold off by you and your cronies.    When's your next #TownHall ?
too bad EPA allowed the river to be polluted by the mine shaft leaking toxic substances.
and yet you voted to confirm scott pruitt, to head the EPA. You are out of touch with your constituents. Your days are nmbrd
how could you back Scott Pruitt and claim to love Colorado's great outdoors? Unpaid in 80120
remember that when you vote to cut funding for NPS or funding for other federal agencies that protect the environment
Enjoy it while it lasts. You and the rest of the fascist cronies are doing their best to destroy it. #savetheEPA
#whereiscorygardner #gonein2020
not showing up at a town home & you are home on vacation still be paid and have lifetime health insurance.
if you mean that then you better work to keep the EPA alive and well you need change your position on fossil fuels too
too bad you don't have time to DO YOUR JOB AT TOWN HALL MEETINGS!  Disgraceful!
You're as corrupt as @mccrory and voted to let coal companies do this to our great Colorado outdoors:
Will there be any Colorado wilderness to enjoy once you and @RepTipton auction it off to your oil & gas sponsors?
Is that why you supported an EPA head who will gut environmental regulations?
Do not support the administration's effort to dismantle the EPA. We all deserve clean air and clean water period.
you'll cave. The second you can trade that vote for something else, you won't #representcolorado #corygardner
is this the outdoors you plan to destroy for more oil?
You are a senator. Less exploring, more listening to constituents, please.
where's the drilling rig in this pic? #repealobamacare #taxcutsforTillersonBuddies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
maybe talking to your people would be better.
Or talking to Coloradans: Town Hall, 5 pm at Byer Middle School Friday Feb. 24.  #WheresCory #willcoryshow
Colorado has some amazing national parks. Hope you will fight to protect them. Schedule a town hall to discuss.
Exploring what, how to sell it off?
how about spending some time at a town hall with your unpaid constituents? #whereiscory #80110
Attention: Cory Gardner, missing in Town Halls. Has anyone seen him in Denver 
oh, you mean the great outdoors Scott Pruitt, whom you voted for, wants to destroy by ending the EPA? Seems legit
It would be great if we could protect the environment with some sort of agency, an environmental protection agency of sorts.
Yeah, too bad you voted to allow coal companies to dump waste in our streams. How do you not see your own crazy disconnects?
then quit voting for cabinet nominees who will destroy CO public lands, water, and air. #fired #COcitizenshipREVOKED
Taking in some of that Colorado beauty before you contribute votes toward policies that ensure its demise? #climatechange
@Interior nothing better except maybe talking to your constituents that live on the front range. Senator represent all of CO
Is this where you'll be hiding from your constituents? You're a coward, Mr. Gardner. Enjoy your only term in office.
are you going to protect our air, land & water? #resist or are you running away from constituents?
Looking for a foxhole out there, Cory? You will hear us eventually no matter how far you go.
I agree!  Pls help protect our great outdoors. Carbon Tax!
for shame
2020 #wherescory
enjoy it before those pesky regulations no longer protect our environment 11/3/20
How would you know? You're in so deep. You promote TREASON.
would appreciate you meeting w/constituents in Col. Spgs to discuss issues
Glad you appreciate them. Please keep our public lands in public hands
where are you? Your constituents want our voices heard. You owe us explanations you coward!
Be sure you support the EPA and protect @@Colorado's beautiful outdoors.  Lip service won't do it.@RepTipton
I love our state's great outdoors too. What are you doing to protect them? Selling public lands and killing EPA hurts us all
Yes, we  Mesa Verde! Since you are in the area how about meeting w/ us so we can ask you some questions. #Unpaidconstituent
exploring = hiding from constituents in.  There, fixed that for you.
Then why are you so hell bent on destroying it?
.@SenCoryGardner better visit now before your policies destroy it, & you know what, stop talking about our area, we don't want to hear it.
.@SenCoryGardner I have lived next to Mesa Verde most my life, never seen or heard of you visiting, especially lately you tool.
one would think you'd want to keep it ALL intact, too
then stop trying to turn our public lands over to your corp overlords for destruction! Can't wait to vote u out!
I thought that said expoiting, not exploring.
Tweet should read: "Nothing better than spending time exploring issues with my concerned constituents at town hall meeting"
You Claim to love the outdoors yet you continually support policies that would destroy it. Hypocrite.
omg senator. Stop this. Meet with us!! #missinggardnerintrumpsgarden
enjoy, but have your very next stop be a meeting(s) with your constituents. We want & deserve to be HEARD. By YOU.
Do not defund Planned Parenthood
While you try to sell it off.
are you and Pruitt going to enjoy the natural beauty of your state together?
Right...you're just not interested in listening to your constituents who want to protect that beauty???
Couldn't agree more @SenCoryGardner. So don't vote to give states the right to destroy our #NationalParks!
Your vote to confirm Pruitt for EPA was a vote against science-based safeguards to protect public health and the environment
is this where you are while you are busy not representing all of Colorado? still no answer to email, fax or VM..do your job
but many of your votes this year have been against the environment. I'm not sure you deserve Colorado's great outdoors!
who are you?  Constituents begging to meet with you and you are out on a hike?! #corygardnerMIA
maybe you of voted against Scott Pruitt for the EPA if you wanted to protect our outdoors.
Where is your town hall? What are you afraid of?
@Interior  Your job is to protect Colorado's public lands.   Don't let Pruitt and others destroy what we hold dear.
better do it quick before regime starts drilling
Nothing? What you do in DC runs a far second to listening to your constituents. Wherever they are! #whereiscory #doyourjob
if you love it so much, why do you keep voting against it?
why won't you protect our great outdoors then?? Why did you support Pruitt? Hold a town hall in Denver. @maddow @Lawrence
I guess this is your goodbye tour then... a last look at all the places soon to be destroyed. #SaveEPA
and yet you vote for Pruitt. Embarrassing. Hypocritical. So wish you put your votes where your mouth is.
if you enjoy our great outdoors, perhaps consider protecting it? You voted for Pruitt. It's on you now.
it's not going to last long if we don't get a handle on #climatechange... too bad you voted for Pruitt and fossil fuels.
You are a chickenshit for not holding any town halls while you are home! I will NOT be voting for you ever!
And you don't care about us, the citizens either... or you would meet with us! 80212
you are embarrassing yourself. You voted Pruitt in. Clearly you don't care about our "great out doors."
Barely any snow in RMNP until 3/4 up trail ridge rd this weekend. Yet you deny climate change. Pruitt = no more colorful CO.
are you bidding the national parks goodbye since you voted to confirm Scott Pruitt? When are you going to talk to us?
yeah, when you should be meeting with your constituents
I'm glad you love Colorado's gest outdoors, but now your constituents need you to come inside for a townhall please.
Spend time talking with your unpaid constituents this Friday night in Denver at Byers Middle School.  #willcoryshow
Is this to deflect your constituents from calling for you to vote to fund PP? Distractions won't get you re-elected in 2020!
(202) 224-5941 (303) 391-5777 call him. Tell him we want a town hall.
But you voted to confirm Pruitt.
Cory cares not about how Colorado suffered w/our brown cloud. U live N a bubble N Yuma. Who the f*ck lives there?
#onetermsenator #dontgetcomfortable #betterhaveaplanB #notbirthcontrol #one&done #CowardCory #isit2020yet #airbiscuitbreath
glad you're so keen on protecting the environment you love. Ohh wait....
enjoy it while you can, before Pruitt ruins the environment.
Which you and the Republicans want to either mine, drill or sell off to the highest bidder.  You're a hypocrite.
.@SenCoryGardner at least until the #GOP starts selling lands off.
Um, Pruitt??
I agree. I hope you will fight for EPA and Parks Service so we can all continue to enjoy the great outdoors.
yeah it'd be great if it was all sold off to private companies so they can drill, mine and frack the shit out of it.
Wow! You are so getting voted out
Would be better if we hadn't confirmed @ScottPruittOK to head the EPA - bye bye nature! Nice knowing you!
hope this great Colorado outdoors survives without the support of the EPA.
I hear representing the great people of Colorado is pretty awesome too. Try it. 11/3/20
You are a hypocrite. If you loved Colorado's outdoors, you would not have voted for Pruitt.
I wish you voting record showed the same appreciation for our great outdoors.
how about meeting with your constituents instead!
why don't you come explore Byers middle school in Denver on Friday @ 5:30 #WheresCory
how about that Town Hall? Your constituents are still waiting! Maybe take some time to talk with us!
You'll really enjoy them after you've nixed  environmental regulation! Mmm, taste the toxic runoff! BTW, when is #townhall?
then why a vote for Pruitt? You are so backwards minded.
what about a public meeting with constituents? we could even have it outdoors; the weather's been so warm! (wonder why?)
@Interior and yet the @GOP wants to desimate public and Native American lands #ClimateChange #NoDAPL #StandingRock#BearsEars
why don't you vote to protect the outdoors?
Enjoy it while you can. Toxic streams, billboards in Rocky Mt Nat Park.  PRUITT? You OWN that now.
How about a nice town hall with your constituents.  You can't ignore us forever.
If only you would take some time to meet with and listen to your constituents in Denver.
hey party drone, where was this sentiment when you voted yes on Pruitt for EPA? See you in 2020 hypocrite.
please protect our public lands and environment.  History will judge how you enable, oppose, and work with the new EPA.
ensure the EPA favors environment over pollution, and we'll enjoy the outdoors for years to come.
you voted for Pruitt you hypocrite
hypocrite
= Trump = bad for American values
nice you were able to spend time in our great state.Try supporting the environment . like coal drudge dumped in the river?
instead of sucking up to some McConnell ass, why don't you go outside and see what supposed to represent- Colorado!
get used to outside, cause next election you won't have a job
I'm not paid, and I am your constituent. You serve ALL of us, not just the people who agree with you. Do your job.
love the coal seepage into our streams, thanks
since DeVos paid you off, did you get money from the Kochs for Pruitt? Ever read Dark Money? I suggest you do.
Thanks for confirming Pruitt. He will destroy the environment. Thanks so much.
Maybe since you overturned the SP Rule, you should no longer be able to enjoy Colorado's fresh water... thoughts?
True. Yet you overturned the Stream Protection Rule and have yet to explain your decision. #stillwaiting #stillnotpaid
@Interior better than holding a townhall to talk to you constituents I assume.
he's on the move! #FindSenGardner #Gardenerstreasurehunt
lol remember last Friday when you voted for climate-change denier & oil shill @ScottPruittOK to head the @EPA?
*cough* Pruitt *cough*RT @SenCoryGardner: Nothing better than spending time exploring Colorado's great outdoors.
Gorgeous canyon views & history await at Mesa Verde National Park by Chris Wheeler #Colorado 
I sure hope it remains "the great outdoors." But with you supporting Pruitt and rolling back regulations, I'm not so sure. 
hehe, scouting a good living room view for your new pad at upcoming Trump Mesa Verde Golf Condos? Only $50K down payment!
But gut the EPA in favor of big oil!
then why did you confirm Pruitt, who will destroy our great outdoors? #resist #CoryGardnerMIA
what would be better is meeting with your UNPAID constituents! 80537 come visit! #dontbescared
Then why are you not working to protect it, as your constituents want?
except planning a town hall with your constituents! Please tweet when and where you will meet with us while you are here.
Come on Over to the Magnificent Mesa Verde and meet with your constituents!!!! WE DEMAND IT!!!
Spread the word : Gardner plans to be at Stapleton Renaissance hotel between 11:30 and 2:30 TOMORROW (2/22)
it would be nice if you were as interested in exploring our views on the current admin. and your representation of Colorado.
or meeting with constituents.
how about spending some of that time indoors, or outside, visiting w/your constituents?
better enjoy it while you can. Because of you it maybe gone soon. Thank you not so much.
then stop voting to destroy it. #Indivisible #Resist #ResistTrumpTuesdays #noonperry #savetheepa
get yourself to a town hall! #indiveboulder
Yeah, there is! How about spending time being a useful public servant and not one who doesn't listen to his constituents.
What is your position on current GOP legislation to allow mining in national parks? Let's discuss at next townhall.
exactly...don't let it go to the highest bidder!! U voted for Pruitt, clean stream roll back ... CO voters have long memory
explore trump and his administrations ties with Russia. #corytoady
I don't know, maybe holding meetings to listen to your constituents?!
Been to Pawnee National Grasslands lately? More like Pawnee National Oil Fields.
You're a hypocrite.
An outdoor town hall is fine with me. An indoor town hall is fine too. I don't really care. We just need to do a town hall.
Did you hold a town hall in Grand Junction?
are you voting to sell those wonderful national park lands for oil and gas?
Pruitt for EPA, Devos for Dept of Ed...stop blowing smoke up my ass about how you fight for schools & enviro ! #wherescorey
How about doing your job by meeting with your constituents? We are waiting. #TheResistance #imnotpaid  80127
approving people (like Pruitt) who will decimate the very things that make CO great, does not serve us
how about exploring the concerns of your constituents as is your role as an elected representative?
how about meaningfully responding and interacting with us, your employers? Your mandate to represent us requires listening
ignore us and sneakily/silently approve people& legislation that doesn't best serve us. We see you and hold you accountable
What R U doing...Surveying which public lands you and your slimy cohorts will sell off? Letting Koch bros mine Grand Canyon?
We won't have a "great outdoors" much longer if Republicans persist in destroying environment and denying climate change.  
Nothing  better to do? Why not attend your town hall with your constituents?  Explain how much $ you took from DeVos.
I'm speechless as to your disconnect between words and actions. Hypocrite.
Colorado's outdoors are great because Coloradans have fought for the environmental protections that you voted to destroy.
Thanks for voting for Prewitt, so that we can lose it, numbnuts.
At least until you and your GOP cronies sell it all to some faceless corporation
don't destroy our environment! Stop fracking!
Putting the interests of your big money donors over those of your constituents must be better; otherwise, why do you do it?
and yet you voted for Pruitt and to overturn other important environmental regulations?
enjoy it while you can. It looks like you and your GOP cohorts want to clear cut, strip mine and frack it all away
It's a shame your support of Pruitt will destroy Colorado's great outdoors. DeVos will assure ppl too stupid to notice.
Is that why you voted 4 Pruitt? I'd ask you personally but like Big Foot, there's no proof you EXIST. #UrbanLegendSenator
You're a disappointment to your constitutes. Enjoy your time outside, I bet you'll get more of that time come re-election.
Total BS! You voted for Pruitt, which makes you anti-environment. Your actions speak louder than these silly tweets.
But you voted to confirm Pruitt, the individual who wants to destroy this nature and make it like OK! I live in CO not OK!
total BS. You voted for Pruitt, which makes you anti-environment. Your actions speak louder than these silly tweets.
your actions belie your words.
How can you claim to value our natural wonders after voting to confirm Scott Pruit.  #CoryTheCockroach
Will you protect our public lands from oil and gas invasion?
So you'll spend your time hiking through national forests, but are unwilling to meet with your constituents for a town hall?
what would be better is a town hall with constituents that keep asking. 80211 #notapaidprotester
How about you explore the inside of some Town Halls while you're hiding out in CO??? We'll come to you! #NOTPaidJust
