still looking for you at a town hall.  Denver.
how abt mtg with your constituents
He would be glad to if you were sincere  How about showing your face in your profile pic? Brave big talker.
perhaps you could find time to hold some town halls? I mean, we are the ones you say you represent.
yes and it be good to meet to discuss how AG Sessions is rolling back civil rights!
Could that room have any less diversity, but you're all talking CO issues?? Did we all of a sudden become an all-white state
you refuse to meet with your constituents ask how can you know what they want from you? #suck-uppage
so why not discuss them with your other constituents, too?
Sure, anybody but your constituents, face to face. Anxiously awaiting 2020 and seeing the door hit you on the way out.
so a US senator is town hall trolling
Nice when no one demands you do your job? Love a REAL TOWN HALL, not a muted phone call.
So, how about, y'know, the PEOPLE OF COLORADO?
Keep up the good work! Thank you for representing us!
except u voted in the people who will destroy those things after being asked not to. So in 2020 u won't be asked back!
Your tweets are substance-free. What a waste of a Senate seat.
- you'll be a one term senator. You're record speaks for itself, even if you won't.
how about discussing the aca with your constituents?  You could answer the questions from your town hall.
you are a liar. A coward. You do not believe in democracy.
Only ONE positive Tweet here in response to yours. U must be hearing us, but U aren't listening. 1 term Gardner. Enjoy it?
these "I enjoy meeting w everyone except my constituents" tweets are a slap in the face&100% why you will be voted out.
YES! Well said.
how about that town hall!?!?!?!?
It'd be great if you enjoyed talking to your constituents about it too  (This Tweet was not paid and out of state)
it's getting hard to take you seriously
it was always hard to take this communist seriously.
What a coincidence! We discussed your failures related to all those things, too.  #wearenotimpressed
you are unbelievably fake, narcissistic and rude.
Surely wish you had come to a town hall when you were here.
Of course you did. #cowardlyCory #OneandDone
Why don't you enjoy conversing with the people?  #recallcory
Hey, I know:  try meeting with your REAL CONSTITUENTS.
when are you going to meet with voters who want to meet with you?
So did you have any conclusions or ideas or anything specific to say about any of this? Give us some details for once!
Shame! Scheduling your phone town hall 10am stops working people from participating. We need LIVE town hall evening/weekend!
.@SenCoryGardner COWARD!
right, but no angry consituents, of which there are MANY. #indivisible
How are you going to stand up to trump budget proposal and represent ALL Coloradans??? Colorado needs leadership!! Where ru?
but why aren't you discussing policy with your constituents?
glad to hear you are "enjoying" yourself at our expense. #taxpayer
YOU ONLY TALK TO OFFICIALS. WHAT ABOUT YOUR CONSTITUENTS?
Ask Dougco how their DeVos style educational experiments are going. The answer: Not Well. 1st to 13th.
Once again: Please hold actual town hall, not conference call. And better in the evening instead of in the middle of workday
and you still will not hold an in person town hall? SAD!  jeez...2020 vision. Simple.
seriously? Where did you meet with anyone for less than$200 a head?
you should meet with your constituents.
I guess you were a LONG way from your downtown office to see the real voters. Disappointing paid public employee! #resist
you'll discuss with officials but not your constituents
#DoYourJob
good for you, and what about discussing ACA with me? What, no time?
Great! Hope U have a town hall when U return to CO. Regardless of action, U serve until 2020, so don't hide. #transparency
#adiosIN18
unfortunately, this idiot is in until 2021. We vote him out in November 2020.
thank you for updating us on what you're doing. I appreciate it.
When will discuss environmental protection, constitutional liberties, and healthcare with your constituents?
We the people. Not we the officials. Face to Face Town Hall!
Awesome curated group! Why not open it up so all constituents can talk to you? There's a name for that . . . TOWN HALL!!
please also protect the wildlife that we have predatord and prey
thanks for letting us know that you're still ignoring us. Town Hall!
#TrumpRussia
would it be too troublesome to talk in person with constituents or have you gone Rubio?
hmm but not with your constituents...Colorado did not vote for Trump...you need to listen!
just resign
Yes because you proved so well that you care about the environment and education when you confirmed Pruitt and DeVos.  SAD!
coward. How about speaking with the average voter?
Was that a public meeting? @SenCoryGardner When will you face your constituents in person?
if you think we're buying this load of BS or that we'll get tired you're wrong.
We enjoyed discussing your lack of town halls, your vote for Jeff Sessions, and your love for oil industry with real voters
.@SenCoryGardner One term Senator.  That's it.
Are you for real?!?!?! Does it hurt to be such a hypocrite? How you gonna protect public lands wit your boo heading the EPA?
doesn't look like a Town Hall meeting to me! #VetsAgainstTrump #TheResistance #DoYourJob
Hellllooooooooooooooo. Anyone there?
Guess African-Americans, Asians and other minority groups aren’t being represented too well…
Did abject disregard of the environment & your constituency come up?
#whereiscory
maybe we can get him on a milk carton! #DoYourJob #TheResistance #VetsAgainstTrump
