Let's flood @SenCoryGardner office with calls to let him know how we feel about him ignoring  Coloradans' voices.  I'm calling now.
Better yet, let's flood the ballot box w votes for his opponent when the coward tries to run again.
We've got a few years till he's for reelection, but I have a long memory.
Recall now while we have momentum
Recall is only for Colorado state government officials, can't recall US senators.
We can make their lives very difficult though. Gloves off  Tea Party in reverse.
Absolutely - this is only the beginning. He'll be begging to get voted out by 2020.
I'm a SAHM. I wear yoga pants, push a double stroller. Ya fuck with my kids school, you see cray cray
You are a liar. Remember this moment when you are voted out.
I want to make it my mission to vote this guy out since he doesn’t listen to his bosses.
thing is we gotta remember. @sencorygardner & others hope we forget when his campaign comes up #NeverForgetHeDoesntListen
Hi, I'm a pharmacist planning to run against Gardner in '20. We need more scientist senators!
I'm going to follow your page, and make sure that everyone i know votes for you!
Thank you for the support!
@SenCoryGardner at this point I would vote for my dog before I would vote for that idiot Gardner again.
I'm pretty partial to my dog. She'd get my vote, sorry
Nope, you sold our education for $50k.  You know what though, I CANNOT wait to campaign against you & get you out in 2020!
I'm right there with you.
I will help ensure your recall is swift. You did not listen to us. Step down or get fired.
Unfortunately can't recall Federal officials. But let's make this his only term! 
But the VERY large contribution she made to you? I don't imagine THAT had anything to do with it? PLAY FOR PAY!!!
DeVos just said in an interview that she "can't think of any" reasons for the govt to get involved in protecting students.
she also said she wants to cut funding for schools. your thoughts on how that jibes with "working for public schools"?
FYI: when you write Senator Gardner he'll respond with his written statements...most likely doesn't even read our letters.
blah blah blah, she paid me 50k, blah blah blah. Well said senator. #onetermpony
You've just guaranteed there women of Colorado are coming for your Senate seat.  Hope that 48k was worth it.
except Bannon has said the goal of the admin is to destroy the very institutions #YouWorkForUs #Hypocrite #OneTerm #Coward
Yet still fell in line with the cronies!  Why write essay when your actions contradict what you wrote. Must luv2B punished.

All winners, so what's your point. The amounts are transparent. So are their policies. I don't see a problem.
Disgraceful... We're coming for your job.
Congress is not "someone who believes" anything. Dangle your modifiers? This is why pub ed needs investment, not dismantling
if that's true, why did you accept 49.8 thousand dollars from Devos before voting for her?
lip service. She is not the best qualified. We will hold u responsible.
ANY support of Devos is a slap in the face of children
Don,t forget students with disabilities and families who aren't Christian, like DeVos does
Any more meetings scheduled???
From everything I have seen, I disagree with your choice here. I will keep a close eye on education & it will affect my vote
The only 'paid' protestors calling your offices were the ones SUPPORTING Devos!
IDEA site still down. What are you doing about those commitments #BetsyDevos made to you @SenCoryGardner? Hop to it!
Did you vote have anything to do with the $49,000 Betsy Devos and her family  contributed to your campaign?
Disappointed. We ARE divided whether u like it or not. Why not work on that? May not have contributed $$$ but we are here!
shame on you
What a weird statement. Would you also vote for The Joker and then pledge to advocate for Batman?  Answer your phone!
Coloradans are horrified that you voted for DeVos.  You aren't listening. We will make our voice heard in next election.
Why didn’t you listen to your constituents? Why is your opinion and knowledge better than the many people you work for?
99% of your constituents did not want DeVos. Instead you took the $.
I urge everyone to join the resistance movement against Cory Gardner.Let's get him out. Join an indivisible group near you.
I urge everyone to join the resistance movement against Cory Gardner.Let's get him out. Join an indivisible group near you.
i bet your kids will never feel the impact of this unqualified person that bought you and the cabinet post. you really suck
You remember this as the moment you sold out Colorado students. I will work tirelessly to remove you from office. #noexcuse
You should be ashamed. Your voters are woke, and I believe you will find this decision the end of your career.
One more time: YOU ARE A WORTHLESS "SO-CALLED" SENATOR.
Oh Corrryyyy......  Where aaarrree you?? Haven't seen you since you ducked out of the meeting.....
just signed a petition to get you out of office early, which can't be soon enough. Thanks for mis-answering for Colorado!
I will volunteer (my 1st time) for your 2020 opponent. Your lack of concern for CO has inspired me.
How will she fight for public schools when she's never even used the service?
good to know you're integrity on cost $50k
you just made that commitment impossible to uphold.
Thanks for having your own best interests in mind. I guess they don't include reelection.
Teachers are devastated that you voted for Betsy DeVos. You could have been a hero, but instead we are ashamed.
you forgot to add the pay you received for the vote. I am a voter, I do not get paid to protest or call. I live in CO.
The only GOP senators with testicles are women.
enjoy your last term.   You do NOT represent CO.
"healthy excercide of democracy" is a nice way to say "did what I wanted despite overwhelming outcry from my constituents"
You let Colorado down today.
you make me ashamed to be from Colorado. You sold out our children!!! How can you sleep at night? SHAME on you.
You're funny.
By her own words she does not support public education as it currently exists. You let majority of your constituents down.
good luck finding a new job. Though I'm sure that money will get you far.
you have lost my vote forever! Betsy DeVos is unqualified for this job anyone can see that from the senate hearings
you took her money. you sold our children’s futures for your own political gain. you should be ashamed.
I so wish we had the ability to recall congressmen right now.
@BarricadesBloom @sarahtrz @SenCoryGardner Recall.
Missed your own typo! In the 3rd ¶, should read, "...it is important to...who will fight against public schools." Typical.
Of all the confirmation yes votes this one disgusts me the most.  Your statement is bull***t.  Our kids mean nothing to you.
you should try that "paid protesters" BS in a town hall, see how that's received outside DC #colfax #civiccenter #denver
enjoy the 2 years lining your pocket with money but the people of colorado are going to get you out of office
You will never have my vote again
if you were advocating for public schools you wouldn't have supported DeVos. They are mutually exclusive. You pawn.
I hope you will do as you say, but a better first step would have been to vote no on Betsy Devos. A disappointed constituent
Your decision to support DeVos against the will of Colorado voters is a slap in the face. We WILL vote you out!
strongly disagree. You aren't representing your constituents on this.
so much for listening to your constituents. Can't wait to vote you out. Bye Felicia
, MANY in CO are ashamed of you today. You had a chance to show you put people above party & you blew it.
hope you enjoy being a one term senator.
With #Devos vote you sold our children out. And yours too. #lastterm #shame #lies #miseducation
You've been bought and paid for.
prefers to side with the most racist and unqualified president in our lifetime and confirm a pile of money as Sec. of Ed.
hope you get voted out...I'll be donating to your opponent!
She lied to you.
I am surprised that so many of you actually think elected officials care what you think once they are elected to office
what will there be left to advocate for.
shame on you!  You did not listen to your constituents, voted party lines. Enjoy this term bc it's the last one.
congress has vowed to NOT work together. It is time for you and the rest of congress to work for AMERICANS not for Trump!!
so... how much did she pay you?
very dismayed at your vote in support of Ms Devon. It doesn't seem she knows abt education at all
paid protesters are called lobbyists & you should know - bought/sold $49k 
Dissent. I will remember this in 2020.
Don't you get it? She's not qualified. I predict a financial disaster for public ed, inc. higher ed. Kids/parents w/suffer.
I don't believe you.
you falsely accuse others of being "paid protestors" but have no problem being a paid-for pawn?
Boo!!! You failed Colorado with your vote on De Vos.
Drain the swamp my @...  This is pay to play politics at its finest. You should be ashamed.
you are spineless. You do not fight for the people.  By voting for Devos you have treated education.
. @SenCoryGardner you do not speak for the majority of Colorado. You voted in line with her $49k of donations, not with your constituents.
.@SenCoryGardner Lies and hypocrisy. DeVos bought you so you could sell out CHILDREN by supporting an unqualified opponent of public school.
Show you are a leader in the Senate and care for Public education by not confirming Betsy DeVos.
What's not a healthy exercise of democracy is her ability to buy her position, and your paid willingness to support it.
$50k. That's all it takes for you to sell out our children. How much will a "no" on Sessions cost? Starting to raise $.
#CoryOneTerm The people of Colorado won't forget this vote. You didn't listen. You sold out our kids. We won't forget.
You stopped advocating when you voted for her. We SEE you, and we know why you voted for her $$$ #corywasbought
.@SenCoryGardner We will remember this and actively fight against your reelection in 2020. Shame on you.
You let your state down & pretended it's in the name of protecting public education. She's a donor of yours: this is a sham.
your best bet for education advocacy would have been to vote against DeVos. How much money did she pay you for your vote?
2021: "that guy spinning the Little Caesar's sign looks familiar" "yep Sen Gardner was one of Trumps biggest collaborators"
Shame on you, Senator.  80223
You are a HACK, plain and simple. You are FIRED!
None of her children have even attended public school... Honestly, just shame on you.
I'm no lawyer but I'm pretty sure possessing people (incl children) is illegal.
bye bye Cory
We see through your excuses buddy, time to spruce up that resume
#ReplaceGardner2020 Basically a big screw you to Coloradans; accusing us of being paid while taking money from nominee SHAME
BS Cory,  you voted because POTUS told you to and I am sure Ms.  Devos paid you to.  You have failed in your duty to CO.
You're a joke!   She isn't for Public Schools and neither are you!!!
deplorable walk the party line like a good communist. # spineless #NoonDeVos
I e-mailed you to voice my objections how dare you say I was paid to do so, you are the one lining his pockets #sellout
I hope that $48000 is enough to get you by after you are voted out in 2020
terrible call senator,  this is disgraceful. Sad
Blah blah blah $48,000 from Devos, blah, blah blah @SenCoryGardner #colorado #recall
No sir. Spin it however you like. Your vote proves, in my mind, that you value partisanship over our children.
You're a money-grubbing coward. I hope you're prepared to live in this world you're helping to create.
you're the worst, man.
She got a decent return on her investment in you!
Shame on you.
This was one mistake, please do the right thing and vote NO for Jeff Sessions!
Thanks for showing that campaign $$ can buy your seat.  I look forward to seeing you unseated in the next CO senate race.
She pledged that she would be best for the job as she was signing a check?  Sold out our kids without a thought, sick.
Talk is cheap, but you were not.  You took her money and betrayed the trust of the children in CO.  No in 2020!!!
Give me a break, She has not experience in school.  $49.8 million dollars to get you in office. Great American you are not.
terrible decision! If you're authentic in your reasoning then you know you should have voted "no"!!!
Exactly!
We would like a full statement on how you used the $50,000 she gave you.
will not vote for you in the future because of your vote for @BetsyDeVos our children are in peril under her leadership.
You just made a huge mistake by not serving the constituents of your state.
Very disappointed that you chose to ignore the calls and letters from myself and other concerned constituents. #moneytalks
you are an embarrassment to Colorado. Enjoy your time, you will be out of office soon!
I am very disappointed in this choice. I think the administration could have found a better candidate
I agree!!
Shame on you for ignoring your constituents.
disappointed in your vote for DeVos
If Coloradans can raise more than $49,800, will you vote in our interests?
@suziqpoet @SenCoryGardner #onetermgardner
Shame on you! Did you talk to any of your constituents? Teachers? I'm both! Nice to know you can be bought! #corygardnerout
how can you now say you will advocate for public schools when you just voted in someone against it?
lastly you said you would stand up to Trump, but have proved to be spineless like Ryan and McConnell #spineless #sellout

please explain how she is qualified? People can make all the promises they want. That isn't the same as being qualified
can't help but wonder.  Are you vying for a @realDonaldTrump appointment before your 2020 campaign? #DumpDevos
you have high hopes for a woman with zero relevant experience and extreme views. I'm scared for our kids! #dissapointed
... And continue to not advocate for or listen to your constituents, who were vehemently against this?
An unprecedented amount of calls to you- "DeVos is extremely unqualified." You failed us. We WILL vote you out.
Sycophant. Enjoy this term. Your last term. You refused to listen to your constituents, how can you expect their support?
We spoke up, you didn't care. You said we were paid. We will remember this is 2020.
I grew up in a rural area. So that paired with $50,000 would earn your vote for me as head of the dep. Of agriculture?
let me guess, your kids are out of public schools? So why should you care, right? Especially when you can cash in. Dirt bag.
I hope your payment from Betsy DeVos was worth cementing your status as a complete failure.
no mention in this statement about her strong support of private and charter schools.
Spend that $49,800 carefully, it cost you your Senate seat.  Colorado will remember.
the DeVos family contributed $41,600 to your campaign. You sold out.
you did not represent the interests of the children of Colorado instead you represented your own interests.
You should have done more "homework"   https://nces.ed.gov/pubs2016/2016039.pdf …
---I WILL NEVER VOYE FOR YOU AGAIN! I WILL HELP ANYONE CAMPAIGNING AGAINST U!!! I live in Colorado/-81063 
: We look forward to holding you accountable. Until then, please do your job.
I'm your constituent and am incredibly disappointed in your vote. DeVos is not qualified for this post.
Uh, oh @SenCoryGardner, this includes you. Nov. '20 isn't too far off. We'll rember...  DeVos' pledges are worthless
The DeVos pledge: If your senator voted YES, you pledge to vote AGAINST them in the next election and to donate to their opponent. Please RT
Face it, you sold out our children for $50k and yet you say protesters are being paid. Who got paid? Who got bought? You did
you made a mistake you did know your in colorado right????????????????????? you should of said no
Colorado voter here. Sent you emails, called your office- still voted against my best interests. I'm paying attention to you
she'll fight for public schools? are you on crack?
"...but I won't vote that way."
Wow, looks like NOBODY agrees with you. Any response? Way to let down our kids while sucking up to the GOP #DumpCoryGardner
Traitor! Sold out American kids &education for $49,800! Repubs responsible for death of democracy. Party over country - SAD!
Saying no would have been much more effective than your #fullstatement, which, by the way, means zero #damageisdone #1term4u
so your price is 41k in donations? Cheap!
/3 I hope losing your constituents votes was worth the $43K investment Ms. DeVos' family made.
Cory Gardner received $49,800 in campaign contributions from Betsy DeVos. We now see why you thought callers were being paid
so what are you gonna do with all that money?
No, you voted for DeVos because your campaign received handfuls of cash from her. Shame on you!
, shame on you for helping DeVos to get confirmed. It's so disappointing that we couldn't count on you to do what's best.
We don't believe you. You have not only let the children of CO down, but also all others in this Nation. Shame.
You sold us out.  I am so extremely disappointed in your judgement and your vote. All about the money she gave you....
shame on you! Can I donate $$$ to yr campaign to play too? I will actively campaign against you for yr next term.
