With your CONTINUED silence on Trump taxes, TREASON, and hate, you must be a collaborator.
The company you keep has a lot of problems with ethical behavior.
Please discuss the proposed 18% cuts to NOAA. Destroying weather prediction, what could go wrong? Boulder is a home to NOAA.
If you really cared you wouldn't close PP and allow DeVoss near anything.  #wearenotimpressed
What difference does it make when your #RepealAndReplace plan will leave many Coloradans without access to healthcare?
AND?  We will NOT forget. You are history in the Senate. #boulderhatesyou
It's not always about you
but see NOTHING PUT FORTH IN REALITY. But when you aren't willing to talk to VOTERS THEN NO CLUE
Great. Now #IndependentInvestigation of Russia ties. Demand tax returns.
you have a lot of angry voters. Posing for pretty pictures won't make us go away.
when are you going to meet with us- your constituents- face to face in a town hall?
thx- great U doing for us. Now Do IMPORTANT - independent investigate Russia
Your most important meeting would be with your constituents.
Protect the American worker too. Vote NO on HJ37
How about a productive meeting with your constituents?
hold a public REAL town hall
Cory Gardner FAILED Colorado.
Did you explain why you voted for Jeff Sessions, especially now.  He committed perjury.
Senator, what about Sessions perjury?  What about healthcare?  What about Trump's wiretap claims?
your idea of 'productive' is a bit different than mine
Cory, you have plenty of time to meet with everyone but voters.
Spoiling a child isn't giving them things, it's letting them do things they shouldn't. U and ur party need to stop him.
Any chance for a in-person town hall? As our rep in DC, seems like lots to report out on. Have the NFL intern work on it.
We would love a face to face town hall where you talk to unpaid constituents, not just special interest groups.
but no time to meet with your constituents.
Did you explain why you voted for DeVos?
come and face your constituents #chickenshitgardner
No statement from you on false @realDonaldTrump Tweets. Are you going to stand up to him or bend over farther?
I was just talking about how awful you are. Nice Photo though.
Hey CORY! ANY Comment on ur BUDDY Trump's wiretap accusations......ya know LIKE A LEADER would do?
still no town hall for constituents! Also we want an independent investigation into trumps rusdisn ties! #Trumprussia
we also want trumps taxes.
To bad he doesn't meet face to face with his constituents. He lies as much as his PRES does.
Cracks in the dike!! Let's wake up Cory!! Be on the right side of history on this!!!
u r a never trumper
I will never vote for u agn
unwer
Counting down your last days in office by hiding from the people you represent? I think we've got bigger concerns than this.
What was so "productive" about your meeting, Cory? What did you produce?
why dont u do something that requires u to be strong and courageous like Pres Trump
P.S. I didn't vote for you but I was hopeful you would represent us and stand for our voices Especially now as they've risen
Who cut this check??  We know that is the only way to get your attention.
why are you laughing, Cory? I'm not, I'm ashamed of you.
.@SenCoryGardner You see the Denver Post the other day bro?
It's important to show leadership by talking with your constituents face to face.
how about a productive meeting on Russia?  Do you support an independent investigation?
speaking of productive ty 4 an amazing town hall! Hiding behind a conference call just what CO needed! Feel so much better 
Is this what your constituents are writing and calling about? You're not paying attention.

still not a town hall! Why so afraid??? #DoYourJob #townhallmeeting #coward #removehim
how about a town hall, we are concerned you are not holding the Trump administration accountable.
How about the rollback of Greenhouse gas emissions from oil & gas operations? Do we deserve cancer?
Sorry but not sorry. I've tried to be politically correct and polite. But enough is enough. 
What were the key takeaways?
pretty thin gruel, senator. but maybe for dessert we could have an actual, in-person town hall.
Did you discuss your vote for EPA/Pruitt, someone in favor of poisoning our air, water and land?
Did you emphasize the importance of approving habitual liars to positions of national importance?
lol i hope this is a joke tweet.
Stop showboating, and start delving into why our government is compromised
Why was the RNC platform with respect to the Ukraine softened at the convention?
Why did Amb Kislyak attend the Republican convention but not the Democratic convention?
The guy on the far left is how I feel about you.
What are you doing to strengthen ACA?  Oh you plan to repeal instead. You and the GOP planning to let down 20M ppl on ACA.
.@SenCoryGardner I got a lame form letter in response to my email re: your tele "Town Hall" & my daughter's health struggles & need for ACA.
Senator please lend your support for a independent prosecutor for king con Russian connections
So u are capable of having a productive meeting, how about in-person town hall meeting?
Oh! I get it now! Ignoring the real important news and your constituents is your normal. Well, your normal is sad. Very sad.
More PR junk. How about a town hall so I can tell you in person to not repeal the ACA?
if you're back in town, how about a real #GardnerTownHall! We have lots to talk about, like #TrumpRussia and #FireSessions
Hold an in-person town hall; preferably in the evening when many are not at work. CO voters would like a word or two. 80234
Call for independent investigation into Russia/POTUS, demand POTUS taxes, & demand resignation from Sessions.
as productive as representing your state and voicing its concerns over lunch w/ Trump Tuesday?
if you don't condemn perjury, then you don't deserve to be in office. Siding with liars makes you one too.
as productive as calling for Sessions to resign?
as productive as, say, meeting your constituents and holding an in person town hall?
When is your real town hall?  Sessions needs to resign. We deserve a special prosecutor.
