Maybe you can convince your Koch bros to help Puerto Rican American rather than jetting you around the world
Thank you. You are doing more than our sick so called president
Will you though?
Trump and Co are saying that Puerto Rico "a good news story". People are still dying!! Why aren't you speaking out? Unless you're complicit.
Any response to the verbal attack the Pres made on PR this morning? Are you fine with him golfing while our citizens are desperate? 80503
Cut the BS and get gas and drivers delivered. Put military to work clearing roads.This is not brain surgery Senator. Stop tooting your tuba!
Long-term solutions to an immediate humanitarian crisis that is compared to a war zone? This is the definition of "tone deaf" #PuertoRico
Did you see what POTUS stated this morning? We need to help them NOW. Do you know how many Coloradans have family there?
Does long term solutions include an honest look at climate change?
You had the guts to stand up to @POTUS  after Cville. Will you respond to his attacks on #PuertoRico now? Or was that a 1 time deal?
#Potus in a tweet rant, just blamed the Mayor of San Juan for his own inability to lead. @realDonaldTrump is #UnfitToBePresident
How proud are you of your President right now Mr. Gardner?  The one who's golfing and picking fights with the mayor of San Juan.
How long are you and the rest of the Republican Party going to put up with having a racist cartoon character as President?
Love the "Coin Operated Cory" fact check. It goes for the entire GOP but also includes "Russian Rubles Operated GOP"
"The long term solution to giving the rich tax breaks is to make the poor and middle class pay for it.  ~ Trump Rubber Stamp, C.Gardner
More like trump-rubber-stamp-Gardner, but only of #Kochbros approve it first.
The besyt long-term solution is to Impeach Trump NOW.  He is our country's biggest liability.
Your silence re: @realDonaldTrump disgusting tweets attacking the citizens of #PuertoRico speaks volumes. How can you STILL stand by him?
Push the President to do more.  Puerto Rico = American's - much more help is needed ASAP! Say something! Represent! Make us-CO proud!
And yet you are silent on 45s characterization of fake news. When will the GOP grow spines?
Bud how about working to stand up to the disgusting bully you call President. Anything to say on his childish tweets today?
Who's fiscally irresponsible idea is this?Or is it a directive from Charles & David? #KochBrothersTrumpConstituents
Many reasons Sen Budget Res is bad. But, here's one hidden nugget that undermines accountability and transparency. CBO = no longer required. 
Get aide there soon!!! And get the president to send more troops. People are dying this has to be a #1 priority
Solve this! Trump is a terrible, mean, racist, incompetent conman who must be impeached. His #PuertoRico comments are atrocious. #Impeach45
So they might get help someday? And meanwhile, Trump is on the golf course. Our fellow Americans are dying and need emergency help, not a lackadaisical non-response. Once Puerto Rico has all it needs, impeach and convict for this mass-murder and other high crimes.
Hmm. I sent you this tweet five days ago. Why did you do or say nothing until now? #IncompetentSenator #PuertoRico
@SenCoryGardner President Trump is spending the weekend throwing a Twitter-Tantrum while Puerto Rico suffers. Silence from you. #cowardly
Long term is too late.
Why did @SenCoryGardner vote for unethical perjurer Price for HHS Secretary in the first place. Cory should repay taxpayers!!
Here's a picture of leadership
Long-term "final solutions"? You and your party are a national security threats. Natl guard at you door would be a solution.
Boy you are full of it! Fema is a big part of the problem. And you spoke to them. I spoke to the checkout person but it didn't lower my bill
How can u stand by @realDonaldTrump while he says such hateful things about the Mayor and citizens of #PuertoRico STOP enabling him. #shame
Thanks for this. They need solutions NOW though.
If you really want to help, tell Trump to get his head out of his ass and forget about all this rhetoric and get some organization going.
Good to hear. What about immediate needs? Try encouraging local charity and local church groups together volunteers. I've already signed up.
So while you are fiddlefarting around with 'longterm solutions' our fellow citizens in PR are dieing now. Step up buffoon.
What blather!
Actions speak louder than words.
The top 1% had a 0.9 % tax increase. That's not most of the people that you're elected to SERVE! Work on something that helps WE THE PEOPLE
Wow... It only took 8 days. So, why don't you go without fresh water for 8 days while Dumpie-Trumpie @realDonaldTrump worries about the NFL.
Senator, you don't work hard, you hardly work. But you do a damn good job of hiding from your constituents.
Great now say you'll work fir better solutions healthcare. You have lost my vote
Great where were you 7 days ago....right, fence sitting. Now how about voicing same amount of concern for children covered by CHIP. Prolife?
Thanks...but you're about as useless as tits on a boar.
How did you even get elected? You seem like a high school class treasurer talking to varsity basketball players at the cafeteria.
You wanted to kick everyone off health care for the Koch bros. I don’t believe for one second you care about anyone but yourself
Your long-term solutions for Americans are to take away health care & raise taxes for all but the top 1%. Your statement is not encouraging.
Thank you.  Please work for immediate relief.
Ahh, what a week-10 days after the fact? BTW, your pres bringing up their debt is crass...did you know he bailed on 33M tax bill in PR?
How about demanding CSRs are authorized for ACA?  Or you OK willing sabatoging your constituents Healthcare?  All so you give Kochs a win
Does that include kicking millions off health insurance in your mind?
and that would be how?
And USVI as well.
Good, because PR has begged for help since the date of the hurricane on 9/20. This Admin has been appallingly indifferent 2 their plight
"Long term solution"? And what about short term. People are in dire straits. It's time to call out the inept handling of this by @POTUS.
And while we're on the subject how about demanding congress use the 25th amendment. It is obvious Trump is totally unfit to serve.
What does that mean? How about actual answers 4 #PuertoRico over vague statements? Tell us WHAT u r doing & what we can do to help as well.
what about alleviating the immediate suffering???? there's a cholera epidemic coming. don't wait till it happens.
From what I've seen from you is thinking you work for Donors, Trump, McConnell & 1%'ers. Seeing a sense of entitlement from you Republicans.
Can you explain why #TrumpTaxScam looks like a tax cut for the rich?
Here, based on prior Tax Policy Ctr estimates, is what I'd ballpark as the 10-yr revenue cost, and the avg. benefit for millionaires.  5/ 
Because it is.
@SenCoryGardner please do. My Familia and friends are in #PuertoRico ..Americans! 
Thank you!
They couldn't wait for you too stop wasting their valuable time...THEY HAVE WORK TO DO  & doesn't include being bothered by you
Get the US citizens in PR a short term solution today,tomorow, & the next day. Or we could bring them all to CO, aye?
I took you EIGHT. EFFING. DAYS. to "speak" to @fema about U.S. CITIZENS in dire need?!?! You're about as useful at @IvankaTrump
Let me guess. FEMA can fix #PuertoRico for $1000.
Are you attempting to reverse the shameful forcing of evacuees to pay FULL FARE airfares to CONUS?
And short term solutions, as well, please. These folks need immediate assistance.
And USVI!! Please don't forget these Americans!
You support Judge Moore. You have to know what he's said regarding LGBT ppl. You support a man who wants to jail us.
Looking forward to my tax break. Can you tell me where I can buy a new car for a $1000?
That's great thanks. At the moment short term solutions are needed in a desperate way.
Repeal the Jones Act indefinitely--allow PR to default and their creditors take the hair cut-but you won't.
Cory, could recommend a good contractor that will remodel my kitchen for 1000 bucks?? P.S. I granite 
Good luck even getting a new refrigerator with this "tax-cut". When he said kitchen remodel=Hard eye roll
Or you can get a 1000  
I'm sure our fellow Americans in PR & VI would appreciate a hot meal short term, LIKE NOW
