just like the education website  is down?? Convenient when you don't want to hear what the people have to say.
I'm a Coloradan; have phoned/emailed you many times but no answer or just voicemail. One msg to Bennet--immediate response.
.. Protesters have to be paid to make up time spent protesting instead of working at their jobs.
Why not hold a town hall in Colorado.  We want to talk to you and we are not paid...just concerned citizens
your message line is always full. SAD
How about a town hall?
already made it clear he will be to busy during the break to set a town hall. My guess druming up money for votes
he has to rest from giving the thumbs up to all of the swamp people in the cabinet.
When is your town hall going to be scheduled?
"Always available".
great but when are you going to hold a town hall here in Denver???? I'd like to go. 80112
send request on his link
done that more than once
Please make yourself available in Colorado during the Congressional break.  Let's have some town hall meetings.
we're used to the system "being down". Replies come after the vote. You're representing us poorly.
Your support for Jeff Sessions really hurt the country. How can we believe he will hold Trump accountable?
Hey Colorado, if u are concerned about this Flynn issue u should be calling, writing tweeting mailing this office DO UR JOB!
sounds like it's been broken for over a month. Why not stop by so we can chat?
#townhall
Receiving a form letter response is not "always available." #wherescory?
I have yet to get through your voice-mail. In either D.C. Or Denver. Are you listening to Colorado?
your office number is never answered. Are you afraid to hear what we have to say?
I am not a paid protester. I would like to know why you haven't insisted that Trump's Russian ties be investigated.
Always available?  When's your next town hall in Denver?  We need to talk.
Funny that I could get through to Senator Bennet. Never you though. Selective outage. Townhall? #CowardlyCoryGardner
We want a Town Hall in CO Springs! Your phone lines are overloaded due to this simple request! I'm not paid! Just mad.
Were you involved in The treasonous actions? Is that why you support Trump? Is that why you have been quiet?
convenient
I don't feel that you are available to me at all. Appears voicemails fall on deaf ears and I don't have a fat checkbook...
I'M not paid. Your constituents don't want you voting for more Swamp Monsters, that's why your phones are broken!
When is your Town Hall in Denver scheduled for? I think your constituents here need to speak with you about some concerns
Use that DeVos $ and fix the phone lines, we want a TOWN HALL! I'm not paid.
Take the Colorado symbol out of your signature, you do not represent us or our interests. 80104 #notpaid
"paid protester" is a political prostitute.?How about a law that recuses whore senators from voting for donors.
Town hall? Sounds good! When?
where is the indignation w Mike Flynn and #45s relationship with the Russians? Only concerned w Benghazi and emails.
That's weird.  There was nothing wrong with Senator Bennet's voicemail.
what difference does it matter, it's not like you ever listened to your constituents anyway!
if you just answered your phones we wouldn't need voicemail.
I have written you TWICE!! Still no reply. So apparently you aren't "available" for Coloradans. #draintheswamp #workforCO
why should we bother? You just throw your constituents aside and say they are paid protesters. I called and you ignored.
excited to hear from you at a town hall. #unpaid. 80210- that's Denver in case you are unaware.
all of the above. 80221
Why bother. You never listen to us.
Kowtow Cory is so sincere & interested in taking constituent calls... just like DeVos week. Town Hall or ur done. 80212
this paid protester alternative fact is pathetic. That's just you making up excuses and not listening.
one way to avoid this issue is to host a townhall. No malfunctioning voice-mail systems between you and your constituents.
We hold THESE truths to be self evident-U, Congress will be accountable for all of your YES votes & lack of moral character.
Why bother?  You don't care what Coloradans think! You just rubber stamp Trump's people.  We need a new senator!
just not to your constituents. If we disagree, we must be paid.
no phones, now no townhall because of "security"? You are a coward
MISSING: Comrade @SenCoryGardner last seen hiding from the citizens of Colorado. If seen don't ask tough ?'s. He scares easy. #Colorado
see you voted for mnuchin today, I guess you're team Trump all the way, no longer team Colorado. We want a town hall!
but you don't listen. Cut meetings with constituents short. Hate opposing views. #corytoady
p.s. I'm unpaid, live in 80211 (just bought my first home!), and I vote!
Dude it's not like you listen to our voicemails anyway.
try answering the phones. I got through to @BennetForCO today.
Great staff at the Denver Metro office, when I get through.  That said, I think you need to come home to talk with us.
80007Just want to remind you that I'm not a paid protestor. Wait till you see how real my vote is!
When is the town hall meeting? Who would pay protesters? Man up. Tired of your political bs.
How about a town hall with your constituents?
It's not like you're listening to us anyway #getarealhaircut
Accepting $49,800 makes it clear who you serve and it isn't Coloradans. #VoteGardnerOut2020
We broke it with all of our calls to your office that are never returned.  Time to clear your voice mail!
a town hall. Yes - when will that be scheduled. So important to meet your constituents.
Please push for Trump to turn over his Tax Returns and an investigation of Trump/Flynn and their potential illegal activites
at least you are willing to listen and you alwaysanswer my emails
The folks here in Colorado would like a chance to speak with you. Could you schedule a live town hall, not a phone in one.
if you have 50k laying around from your last vote put it towards some new phones
how about a Town Hall?  I bet we can get a few people to get a plane ticket for you... we have lots to say!
COS would LOOOVVEE a town hall!!
I would love to talk to you at your next town hall
when is the town hall?? Waiting impatiently...80237
I just sent a formal request for a town hall meeting.  Let's all send request
I'm in. How do we send a formal request?
A town hall wouldn't hurt, Senator.
Just make sure to let ol @SenCoryGardner know that you're not a paid protester!
Im not a paid protester, but he's a paid senator. #whodoyourepresent
I am suggesting we hold a town hall with your name on it. You will be invited
Thanks Sen. Here's my call: Investigate Russian hack of '16 US Presidential election. Want to see @POTUS taxes too.
How convenient for you. I'll try your local office because I know you want to hear from us. Town Hall would be better
we aren't "protesters" nor are we paid. We are people who care about Colorado. We are called constituents FYI!!
when are you going to have a town hall for Coloradans?
tell us what you are working on. We will tell you the issues important to US.
looks like you have a recess coming soon.  How about you open up a town hall in Colorado?
we want a town hall! I left that message with your Denver office today. When are you going to meet with your constituents?
If VM is down then I would consider your office completely inaccessible. Why not come see some Coloradoans at a townhall?
senator, i think it is important that you hold a town hall. you represent coloradans and you should be accountable to them.
I ask you to hold a town hall. I am from a small rural town and will make the effort to attend. Will you?
When are you going to investigate Trumps ties to Russia? 
Is it true there is a Russian mole in the WH?

#TrumpForTreason
What are you going to do about Flynn? About potus taking Intel calls on a patio? About people posing with nuclear football?
send request on his link
...thank you.  Called you to tell you to vote NO on Pruitt and to remind you that you represent CO, not only Republicans
Please investigate Flynn. Doing nothing is not an option.
that does not mean you have carte blanche to ignore your constituents.Try answers or responses, perhaps calls stop. #2020
I lost my patience. Hold town hall or resign. You are only representing corporate interests
you guys don't listen anyway. Disgraceful.
that literally made me LOL. Thanks for the chuckle.
Did you get stock tips from Price before you voted for him?
Let's have a town hall in Denver!
#WhereIsCory
How is that scheduling of the town hall coming?  By the way, when is @realDonaldTrump going to be releasing his tax returns?
Town hall? in Colorado? During the Feb recess?  How about it?  We'd rather talk than leave a voicemail.
simply stated "Holy shit, that's a relief, no more constituents to listen to. Now back to those donors!"
mm exactly what do you mean by available, senator? Lots of Colorado constituents want to engage with you, not leave VM
We request a Town Hall with you present for the public 80138
How's your donation of the $50k from DeVos coming?  Would you have voted to confirm absent the $50k?  #FreeTheDevos50k
Forgot to mention - I live in Briargate, near AF Academy.  Love to tell you in person that I am not a paid protestor.
Thank you for that. We all very concerned about the relationship with Putin, Trump and Flynn. Flynn needs to go!
Hey we'll call the comment line at the WH...wait, that one is down to(o).  Won't forget all you do Senator - 80222
