My fellow Americans. The true enemy of we the people is not in some foreign land. It is the Z.O.G. in the District of Corruption!!!
If your honest Trump gave a great speech. The best Pres.since Reagan regardless of style
Please vote no on the #GrahamCassidy healthcare bill!
So, gonna just beat your chest all week so you don't have to answer questions about Graham-Cassidy?  Vote for it and we'll vote you out.
Focus on healthcare. Answer your phones!
Also, your boy just threatened genocide on North Korea. How about lets not do that? He is a maniac, and you just quietly stand by his side.
There is no way that the US will ever stop doing business with China. GET REAL!
Kimmel:"They want us to treat it like an iTunes service agreement."
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Graham-Cassidy is a far more insidious threat to Americans than N.K. is. You know it and you won't stand up to it.
Cowardly Gardner won't even tell us if he supports it.
Senator, these empty handed threats are in line with clueless Trump.  Peace negotiations are the only venue out.
Vote against Cassidy-Graham! Cuts out pre-existing. Reinstates lifetime caps. A baby with a heart condition could use all benefits by age 1.
Cory, you really switched to the wrong party. It is incredibly humiliating to be a Republican at this point.
This is total bullpucky. You and I both know we will continue to do business with #China regardless.
#Trump the westie look to JFK strength & nuanced back door diplomacy gave Russians way out. Top Dog taunts nuclear war threat to humanity.
Vote no, Cory #GrahamCasiddy
Please OPPOSE the GRAHAM/CASSIDY ACA Repeal.  
Follow Regular Rules of order, hearings, CBO score --- to get to a pragmatic solution.
2020
Did you speak to GOP about Trump??  Impeach him now -- for the sake of the planet/humanity/integrity. That's the only real choice you have.
You're worried about NK killing Americans, how about the GOP in their current health plan. You'll kill more Americans than North Korea!
Kind of like the choice you and @SenBennetCO have.   You can fix healthcare or let Coloradans suffer under the current system
What about Russia's relationship with North Korea? Oh wait,are we not supposed to talk about that? Oops I did it again
#GrahamCassidy is a much bigger threat. That said, do you really think it is wise to back North Korea in to a corner?
Senator Gardner, Colorado is a progressive state.  I will be watching for your "NO" vote on Graham-Cassidy or voting you out.
China must be so scared, not. In other news, your misogynistic staffer, Andrew Dunkley, needs sensitivity training. Did you hear?

.@SenCoryGardner an aide in y office just said women choose to have sex so tax payers shouldn't cover contraception. Do you share this view?
Omg.
What a fiasco that speech to the U.N. by your Trump was.....Such an embarrassment to our country.....and you continue to let him loose...
You will never be Secretary of State unless Colorado reelects you  !
How about the healthcare protections that are trying to be ripped away by the failing GOP???
Vote against Graham Cassidy!!!
Allowing insurance companies to disallow pre existing conditions, is a good thing to you?! We will remember w/our votes next year! Vote NO!
Good luck with that. Ugh the incompetence and lack of foreign policy knowledge. 
Leave it to the pros. Oh wait Trump made them all quit

First time to hear U speak, certainly think highly of yourself. Every sentence started with I & surprised U took credit for Trump UN speech
You know what would help?  Having a trustworthy president.  No one wants to do business with 45.
Do not support trumpcare dude. Don't do it! 80212 voter
1) our economy crashes if China calls debt- so stop it!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump We have ONE leader of the USA working on the North Korea ISSUE; and it is NOT YOU. U MUST BE QUIET; embarrassment.
Your days are numbered in public office.  How can you support a bill that will possibly kill thousands due to lack of care??
Vote no on #GrahamCassidy - Coloradans demand it.
And where are you on the new crappy healthcare legislation being pushed by Graham? Did you listen to your constituents? The Governor?
Hey Cory!   No on HEALTHCARE!!! Don't tried to change subject!

I've had metastatic cancer. Last night I was sobbing just watching my kids do their homework, grateful to be here for it. This is heartless. https://twitter.com/AGSchneiderman/status/909859641873575937 …
The choice YOU must make now: continue to prop up conman Trump or do business with Democrats. Choose ppl over politics. #GrahamCassidyBill
"Spoke with no one in my state about latest health care repeal.  Going to vote yes anyways.  Screw you all, I want a tax break." ~ C.Gardner
Nicely said!
No on Graham -Cassidy screw our healthcare bill. Russia, environ, affordable healthcare need attention. Stop scare tactics & do your job!
“Our boy can become president of the USA and we can engineer it. I will get all of Putins team to buy in on this...” -Felix Sater for trump
Do you read the tweets?  People care about health care.  If NK nukes us all there's nothing we can do but if not we need health care.
NK is a distraction from acknowledging 20+ million people losing healthcare. Where is the CBO score?! Vote NO #GrahamCassidy = #TrumpCare
The biggest threat to Colorado and America is #GrahamCasiddy   Please stand against that disastrous bill.
Said the Senator who willingly voted to deprive tens of thousands of his most vulnerable constituents of health care... 1/2
and who will short change Colorado if he votes yes on Graham-Cassidy. 2/2
"With or without anybody's help"? Really, Senator? This is not the time to alienate our few remaining allies.
Too bad we can speak w/ you about your choice to continue to prop up a lying white supremacist & dismantling healthcare in secret!
Read about the modern history of Chinese politics. This is not as simple as it sounds.
Be sure to send your kids to war first.
My sound turned off on your CNN spiel. Will turn you on when you start talking about #Protectourcare. Say no to #GrahamCassidy #Trumpcare
How could you possibly vote in favor of a health care bill without a CBO score?!
Speak to us, your constituents and ask us how we feel about Graham-Cassidy!  Please listen to us and VOTE NO!!!
Sadly, it isn't that simple. And vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy bill.
Are you a pre-existing condition? If this new plan doesn't include this, then please #VoteNo #ACASavesLives
#emptythreattuesday
Now do the right thing and vote against Graham-Cassidy. You know it needs to go through committee. Thank you. #ACASavesLives
How about talking to your constituents about how much they hate the healthcare bill?
Ok. Also PLEASE OPPOSE THE GRAHAM CASSIDY ACA REPEAL.
How about spending some time with your constituents, you know, the people you work for? Vote No on Cassidy-Graham. 
#DoTheRightThing
Vote against #GrahamCassidy My brother's life depends on Medicaid. He has HIV. Don't let him die of AIDS.
Stop posturing about NKorea and focus on health care! From, an constituent who deeply regrets voting for you.
Stop grandstanding on China Oppose Graham-Cassidy bill that threatens Colorado's people by gutting protection for pre-existing conditions.
Constituent from 80470 here.  Please vote against Graham-Cassidy and work for a bipartisan healthcare solution.
And you can vote NO on the Cassidy/Graham bill.
CO voters need to hold Cory responsible for every CO citizen that loses there insurance with his vote for G-C. This vote will kill people.
It would appear that you know more about Asian affairs than your state's healthcare. Are you job "shopping" or representing us? Shameful.
You give him undo credit in the area of "Asian Affairs"
I'd like to see assurances from China and Russia that they won't retaliate if we strike NK. That could finish us.
You must make a choice now.  Protect 400,000 Coloradans who benefit from Medicaid Expansion or do business with the Koch Brothers.
That's who placed him where he is so good luck with getting him to listen.
Did you happen to speak with them about your choice on healthcare? Resign. You are a threat to lives.
And how much money does the US currently owe China?
Announce your position on Graham-Cassidy. YOU SERVE US.
Hey Cory- stay focused on American citizens. Taking away healthcare from millions will be the vote that takes you down.
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
Do any @GOP know how to do diplomacy or are you really out to destroy the US? Trying to force the end of days? 
are you going to vote yes on that murderous healthcare bill?
@cnn    fake news the only network that'll have you....they continue to lower themselves.
you have a choice of taking away healthcare for millions & affecting 1/6 of the economy w/o a single hearing/debate. Make the right choice.
Did we watch different speeches 
Nobody gives two shits about your bloodthirst, you chud. Us Coloradans are far more concerned about your upcoming healthcare vote.
Oh yeah a trade war with China will go great for our side 
Shame on you Senator. Save our healthcare and vote no on Trumpcare.
Ps we are voting you out @SenCoryGardner you do not represent Coloradoans.
Do you realize that China needs North Korea to keep their lights on, and we need China for affordable everything else?
Where are you on Graham-Cassidy? I know China isn't the biggest thing on your plate right now.
HEALTH CARE IS WHAT WE ARE REALLY CONCERNED WITH RIGHT NOW!
