We know you r just in it for the money and power. You know we r kicking u out asap. Stop with the fake "I care!" tweets.
I hope this means you'll oppose budget that includes massive cuts to #EPA.
is quiet about the budget proposal. That scares me! It would be negative for CO economy. Also, your phones are off again.
Great. But how do you feel about cutting the NIH by 20%? The EPA by 30% (cause what do we care about clean air and water?)
Or cutting Agriculture by 21% (let them eat cake?) Labor by 21%? (I mean, who needs jobs training for seniors or troubled youth?)
Or the Waste and Wastewater program (why should we help rural communities develop water infrastructure?)
My personal favorite cut: the Low Income Energy Assistance program (cause who cares if the poor can heat their homes).
And to hell with Meals on Wheels (cause why should the old people eat food, when lack of healthcare is going to kill them anyway?)
Your man Trump did great work proposing elimination of PBS and NPR, cause we all know Big Bird and Fresh Air are for commies.
And really, special kudos for the NEA and NEH. When you are destroying every aspect of civil society, why not kill off the arts, too?
After all, that stupid wall that we (not Mexico) are paying for, it's got to be used for something, right?
please protect the EPA and our environment. Those that say climate science is a hoax are dead wrong. We need a strong EPA!
but since you won't meet with us, at least we now know your price points, $50k to sell out education, $54k the environmt ...
@realDonaldTrump I vote for clean air/water, public ed Slashing EPA, Parks, R&D is bad for Colorado & You #climatechange
brags about this @9NEWS, but he seems to be ok gutting the @EPA, @USDA, and @USDOL all of which support work in CO.
When are you having a real town hall? No phone-in's, please. Real means facing your constituents with courage and earnestly listening.
Senator Gardner, looks like you have received payment for your vote to support Pruitt for EPA chief.
Why aren't you fighting Trump's polluter in chief policies & nominees hurting Colorado?
.@SenCoryGardner Double the huge settlement + donate the money you took from DeVos for confirmation vote. #PollutingPruitt @indivisiblefrr
this is a small price to receive for you going along with Pruitt on several policies that will harm CO & US. Backward.
You support a budget that is one of the cruelest documents to come out of the WH. YOU have crossed the line! SHAME!!!!
We better use it well, between Trump care and Trumps budget, the CO tax payer's wallet will be much skinnier. TERRIBLE! BAD!
What about @_MealsOnWheels, or the @NEAarts or @NEHgov? What about the funding from those programs?
Cool, but why'd you overturn the Stream Protection Rule?
Thank you for this effort.  But celebrating this seems counterintuitive as the president calls for cutting EPA by over 30%.
Are you also proud to carry water for #agentOrange as he cuts enviro regs/funds for #epa? #cowardlyCory #waterboy #oneNdone
As long as the EPA still exists? Right? Please vote against Trump' s outrageous budget.
Strong regulations prevent this in the first place & taxpayers shouldn't get the bill for a dirty mine. Backwards logic Cory
54k, almost as much as it took for devos to buy you off.
YAAAASSS !!!! THIS .   Thank you Jennie!
EPA is being gutted by your Trump---- where is this additional funding coming from??
you are proud of a lot of things it seems. But we are not proud of your representation. #TownHall
$54k = not enough 2 address #GoldKingMine; if u cared, why ur vote 2 let drilling ops dump tailings in local water? #HJRes38
seems pretty paltry to me. but why don't you hold a real town hall so you explain to us how great it is.
How are we going to get that $ after you demolish the EPA?
would be better if you spoke with your constituents,  traitor! I can't  wait until you are fired by the state of CO!
listen to these responses and vote against defending of the EPA whose charge is to keep our  sacred lands clean
neato.  Too bad the EPA is looking at a 31% budget cut and #AG is looking at over 20%. Food safety is OVERRATED am I right?
I predict your phones will be ringing off the hook regarding the proposed budget. Enjoy!
How when our fascist @POTUS wants to gut the @EPA?
like you give a crap about the environment. You voted for Pruitt.
now that Pruitt is head of the EPA you don't need to worry about this shit. Just go pick up your check. Money talks cory
$54k, Cory, is what we call a rounding error relative to the damage to #GoldKingMine. Way to fight for your constituents.
Didn't you vote earlier against this payment? And what about protecting the EPA? Seems your votes are contradictory. #Resist
I hope you will approve all the budget cuts that need to shrink Big Government and for Government to stay out of our lives
Great but it seems like a paltry sum to me.
& you remain silent regarding the EPA. We've called and messaged. You've turned your back on Region 8 Denver. #1termsenator
I personally know Reg 8 EPA employees- anxiety is sky high. Do you care?
What're you doing to avoid spills in future? Newsflash: removing protections for American land does the opposite. Hypocrite.
sooo, are you ever going to face us?
Are you proud to announce a LIVE,IN PERSON town hall? Why won't you talk to us face to face? What are you afraid of?
Taxation without Representation. It's crazy how true that rings today.
what are you gonna do about that stupid freaking wall and them cutting a lot a good programs. RIDICULOUS
#1) Is it $50,000? #2) Is that the same $50,000 @BetsyDeVosED bribed you with? #3) Come to Pueblo and hold a town hall
The last one wasn't a question, but a dare
I'm glad you have a whole state to take care of... Can you please help a wounded vet in your district? Hixson's need help!!!
But fuck the NEH, right?  With DeVos in charge of education, reading will be optional, let alone thinking.
Not. Good. Enough.
l think this is a bunch of the EPA rejected 73 claims totaling $1.2 billion and we are supposed to be "okay" with this..
would that be federal funding-part of which will be cut in the next budget? Maybe we can just make disasters great again.
It probably was inthe world b4 Trump could defund it! I hope I'll stand up for Americans against a madman in Presidency
you're the worst.
seems $90k additional reimbursements is good(lot of time/effort for $)-contrast to POTUS weekend trips costing $3M each.
it's going to be hard for that to happen in the future if you go along with gutting the EPA
Why didn't you care about protecting the environment when you voted for that reckless, self serving nihilist Pruitt?
well since we're attempting to cut funding to every other public service this nation knows it shouldn't be too much to ask.
we'll smoke more weed to make up for all the budget cuts. Legal weed=taxes>schools &kids. All the stoners I know are in
Wait for the EPA cuts
Take federal funding when needed (floods, fires, spills) but support killing the orgs that make the $$ possible. Slippery.
now how about you stand up 2President Trump 4all of the reckless cuts he is making that will hurt our nation and Colorado
Super. So are you also standing up to those who would defund the EPA?
HI, Cory. Any thoughts on your #POTUS wanting to take 21% of the agricultural funding from Colorado ranchers and farmers?
And what will happen the next time, Senator? Demand the EPA's funding remain at 100%. Coloradans will not accept less.
So what are you going to do to get money back for meals on wheels funding in this state?
How will this be paid if the EPA budget is slashed?
Good I hope they shut EPA's doors
That's it?  $54K?  Am I misreading this?
Not a misread and Gardner crediting Pruitt who sued EPA & wants it defunct with the payment
This whole thing is a joke right? a joke right?
is that coming from the Fed EPA or state?
too bad your budget destroys social services, healthcare, head start and meals on wheels.  That's the republican way?
