Care, Cost, and Choice for 100's of Millions > Coverage for 24M. (CBO was wrong about Obamacare too. 24M should not be taken seriously)
Plans Changed, Doctors changed, costs up completely kills the idea that Obamacare was ever viable or affordable.
Fans of Obamacare, and messengers of "DEATH" in its replacement can't defend how obamacare is affordable, or why millions lose their plans.
So let's remove insurance companies from the equation.  #SinglePayer
Stealing from the poor to give yourself a tax cut is bad, but can we talk about #treason for a moment?
Hi, Kim. I'm a Dem running against Sen Gardner in 2020 focusing on Health Care, Education, & the Environment. I hope to earn your support.
Where can I review your plans on making    Health Care, Education, & the Environment, better for Colorado and its people?
Information can be found on my website: http://www.leitzelforcolorado.com 
Specific details are discussed in blog posts.
Thank you reading it now!
Thanks to Obamacare, for the first time in my adult life, I have peace of mind when it comes to health insurance. You want to take it away.
Hold a town hall and let's talk it out #81212 #stillnotpaid
Republicans accused Dems of pushing #aca in secret - two wrongs dont make a right. Please debate this in public before calling for a vote.
Upset w/ @sencorygardner and wondering what to do? Follow @indivisibleden to learn how you can amplify your voice and advocate for change.
Why not offer your government health insurance plan to every American and we all (you included) can pay into it
It's you and the GOP that has interfered with the ACA. You could actually fix this, instead of obstructing. VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE! SAVE ACA!
Then improve upon ACA. The GOP DEATHCARE plan is an Insane Disaster for Colorado citizens. Vote against Trumpcare! This is all about DT ego.
Are you going to meet with your constituents in person to discuss this? @SenBennetCO has been meeting with people all over #colorado. #ACA
Cory Gardner received money from the pharmaceutical companies, and insurance companies lobbying their companies. We need ACA!
L.A. Times: “Democrats demand answers on Trump threats to sabotage Obamacare insurance markets”
Washington Post: “Trump says Obamacare is broken. He’s the one who broke it.”
The Better Care Reconciliation Act is blood money to GOP donors, and your name will forever be upon it! Shame!
1 out of 4 in CO on Medicaid is a formula to crush our kids future. 1 in 3 in CA
Thread 5   Senator Gardner,  what are you Republicans trying to hide from us????
The current trumpcare option is a poor choice. Cutting care to 20+ million?  People making huge profit off of the ill? Preexisting what?
If you can't save ACA and fix what's wrong with it, then how do you expect us to believe you can CREATE something better? #VoteNoTrumpcare
Please show some leadership, & support ACA which is good for the American people. Modify it to make it better, Work with Democrats. For us.
Thread 9  Senator Gardner, how can you support a bill that less than 1 in 3 Americans support?
Thread 7  Senator Gardner, how about spending your energy on the ACA to make it acceptable to more than one insurer?
Then fix it. There's no need to drop a nuclear bomb on healthcare and kill 23 million people.
This breaks my heart. I know people who will lose healthcare under the new bill. One friend has cancer. Don't do this to America, senator!
What you refer to as "the status quo" is a healthcare bill that has only been around for 7 years. It needs to be nurtured, not destroyed.
Please reject the ACA repeal. None of us knows what illness will befall  us. We are a rich nation; we should be a healthy, caring one, too.
Thread 4  Senator Gardner, how can the GOP put forth a bill in good faith without obtaining a CBO score?????
At least you'll be able to remind your kids that once you were a spineless, visionless, ineffective, one-term Senator. Who killed people.
THANKS TO TRUMP CARE WE WILL DI E!!!
i am 64 yr old - buy my own insurance - and like every other 60 plus person have pre-existing conditions  don't let me down
Trump and Republicans have been actively working against Obamacare, rather than supporting and reforming it. It's heavy handed partisanship.
Thread 1
Senator Gardner, it has been almost a month since you tweeted about healthcare.
The same misdirection over and over: rural counties are down to one provider because @GOP has done everything it can to undermine ACA.
I'm a Dem running against Sen Gardner in 2020 focusing on Health Care, Education, & the Environment. I hope to earn your support
Add the public option to any county with 2 or fewer private options and the problem is fixed.
The status quo WAS 32 million Americans wouldn't have ins today, if not for ACA, and pre-existing conditions was a reason to discriminate.
Thread 3   Senator Gardner, The ACA had massive public exposure and debate prior to a vote, the AHCA has had none!
Stop talking about it and get to work with the Democrats!  This is not a one way/one party issue!  An in-person town hall would be nice too.
Thread 6   Senator Gardner, the window of opportunity to put Country before Party is closing rapidly. Will you be in or out? Right or Wrong?
Thread 2  Senator Gardner, the Senate committee preparing the Senate version of the AHCA has no non-Republican representation.
Why don't you fix it instead of making it worse? How do you people hate other humans so much?
because of the GOP that this is happening and you know it. I sure hope you are watching all your constituent's videos, you will kill them
If u vote for healthcare bill that hurts thousands of co citizens, you will be a private citizen as soon as possible
Happy Father's Day! B sure our children will continue to have affordable & accessible healthcare! Fix ACA don't repeal.
then you should fix the ACA insurance rather than hide behind closed doors to screw  people from Colo on trumpdontcare insurance no HIDING
Will The Secret Republican Plan work for Colorado? Don't be ashamed of it, release it to your constituents. Do you represent us or big money
Well, according to your new, secret bill thousands more will lose Medicaid. Fix the holes in Obamacare, instead of making it worse. Shame.
I simply can't believe you say this with a straight face.Thanks to #Trumpcare, 24 more million people will have NO healthcare! #Shame!
Thanks to Obama care, my best friend DID NOT die a slow and painful death from endometriosis
So @SenCoryGardner does this mean you are going to purpose single payer health care for he state? I mean California and Nevada are doing it.



Health care in America has been crippled by greedy Republicans obstructing progress so their rich friends can stay rich. We know. 2020
What we really want is for u to work with @SenateDems to fix the ACA. Just fix it & let's move on to taxes & infrastructure TOGETHER!
Whatever this new healthcare bill is we want congress to follow the rules! We want hearings etc We want to know the accounting and details.
So are you supporting RULE 14 to rush this change w/out a discussion? I'm a PhD Clin Psych. I got sick. Am dependent on medicaid.#NOTLAZY
One is better than none, Sen. Gardner, which is what they're likely to have if you pass Trumpcare. Discuss at a town hall! #stillnotpaid
Look around the world and see what works. We have lost the lead in caring about our people , our environment & integrity. MAGA a sham.
Even POTUS recognized Australia had a better system. Free market does not work for healthcare, its uncaring.
Greedy Insurance companies interested only in profit not healthcare are the problem. Single payer is the answer.
Fix it then don't throw it away! We want you to work on it with the democrates and follow senate rules. No 50 + vp. #fixACA

Upset that @SenCoryGardner ignores his constituents? So are we. Follow @indivisibleden: we’ll work together to give a voice to CO voters.
That is because you and @potus are doing your best to destabilize markets and undermine the #ACA. You are violating the Hippocratic Oath.
Might want to read today's Denver post. A yes vote on mcconnell health bill will hit RURAL kids hardest. Show some courage. Vote no
Senators better deliver on repealing and replacing obamacare.  You only have now to get it done. Americans are suffering from your failure
Agree. Where's the Senate bill? Inexcusable. Had 6 yrs. Where's UR support 4 Trump agenda? Senate is disgrace. All of U need to B voted out.
So committee you r on will have zero hearings or public committee input into healthcare bill then spring a vote. Fixed Don't replace
Repubs are trying to sabotage the ACA and replace it with something far worse. Shame shame shame.
And neither will the current healthcare bill. Try working with dems. Be a statesman, not a puppet
Wish that @SenCoryGardner listened to his constituents? So do we. Follow @indivisibleden: if we band together our voices *will* be heard.
@SenCoryGardner and a lot of you won't be reelected with policies like you're espousing on healthcare @SenateGOP
Wish that @SenCoryGardner listened to his constituents? So do we. Follow @indivisibleden: if we band together our voices *will* be heard.
To be clear, you are defying what your. Colorado citizens have demanded of you, so you can be a party puppet.  Shame on you!!
That's still one more option for insurance than many of your constituents could afford under the disaster that is trumpcare.
About time they acted like republican trash.
I guess the greed is on for the insurence industry.
And the AHCA is going to improve things for rural Colorado? 
If congress is going to let trump do whatever he wants (waivers), why not just let everyone go home and let bannon run the US?
Thanks to Obama care those people have any insurance even though you have done nothing to make it better.  Do your job!
You will be easy pickings in 2020 unless you start listening to the PEOPLE!
Your shutdown of CO Health Op drove up rates for many Coloradans.  All in the name of sabotaging Obamacare. You put politics before people.
You put 9000 people out of work and forced 80,000 to find new insurance. Now CO Health Op will not have 2 pay back the money loaned to them.
Colorado Health Op was primed to earn a profit in 2016 and start repaying their federal loans until you got in the way.
Part of that is due to you Senator Gardner and your part in denying promised funding to Colorado Health Op which forced them to shut down.
This status quo was created by your complicity in not allowing Dem proposed ACA reforms to be discussed. Rep us now and fix it w Dem peers.
and exactly who's fault is that? Congrats, after 6 years of non-funding in order to kill it, you've done it, let the dying begin..Nice job
You (and the 12 other white men deciding) will make healthcare inaccessible for me and others like me.(Zip code 81507)
No, you dullard. 

This is not thanks to the ACA. And repealing the ACA will make the problem worse.

Stop lying and #ProtectOurCare.
Thanks to Obama care my daughter and I have affordable health insurance.
Why don't you work WITH the Dems & just FIX healthcare. Stop trying to throw the baby out with the bath water. Your plan is Trump's #nocare
But the bill you have in the senate is worse. What do any of you think your doing? BTW, I'm from Grand Junction, CO & tired of no town halls
That's because you cut off fhe insurance companies. If you would have fixed ACA, this wouldn't have happened. #Complicit
Lies! Thanks to you Republicans trying to eliminate  parts of Obamacare BEFORE your new bill passes, that is why the ACA is failing.
Then work at repairing it with Democrats!
@mcuban FIX ACA, Senator. House bill = zero health coverage. Get insurance companies out of equation - they're middle men who drive up costs
That kind of churlish comment just proves you are not fit to be a leader for Colorado. Grow up and learn to work with both parties on issues
So, you'd rather have 400,000 Coloradans lose their insurance all together?! And seniors, like me, have sky-high premiums ?! Cut M'caid?
You are purposely aiding and abetting the destruction of the ACA because you want to take from your constituents and give to the wealthy
How do you feel about drastic cuts to Medicaid and disability insurance? What about elderly in nursing homes?
What do you plan to do to stop Trump from destroying our climate?
Data says otherwise:  http://www.cbpp.org/blog/medicaid-expansion-has-improved-peoples-health-access-to-care-and-financial-security …

you can repeat a lie often, and it still wont be true.

Then make a better solution.  What we have is better than nothing...which is what is being proposed
Please don't tell me you support @DonaldTrump in his devastating #healthcare act. Pre-existing condition penalties and all. Are you?
Blue Cross Blue Shields has said point blank that Republicans are responsible for rates going up. You are creating a mess of the ACA.
It was your obligation to ensure you followed and supported the law of the land. SHAME. Your Republican party has willfully sabotaged theACA
The Republican party will burn in hell for this outrage, stabbing people when they are down with this dumb repeal plan and a WORSE replace.
You have no spine. You have no moral code. You are in no position to offer any kind of criticism of the ACA.
Oh come on, we had a perfectly viable CoOp for everyone and cons killed it by not funding the risk cooridor. This is your fault
And thanks to the GOP plan at least 600,000 CO res will lose healthcare. Rural counties you claim to care so much about hit hardest. 1/2
Do something to help people, not just the rich and powerful that you bow to. YOU are the status quo and you're right... it's not working 2/2
Live in CO. Won't B supporting U again. Had 6 yrs 2 come up w/ Healthcare plan. NO EXCUSE. GOP has done ZERO 4 the Ppl. Trump Agenda Now.
You will be replaced in the GOP race if you don't get something done.
The ACA isn't perfect, sure, but a vote for the AHCA will ensure you never hold public office again. Colorado won't stand for it.
You know what I want? A single payer system. Work on that with the rest of your old white male friends crafting the law to ruin poor lives
You know what else isn't working? The replacement that cuts 24 million people.
You know what doesn't work better? Having a bunch of old white men decide to remove maternity care. Shame on you.
Lies. Stop defunding Colorado insurers. Coloradans deserve healthcare they can afford.
So let's make it so insurance companies can't just pull out because they can't abuse their patients pockets enough.
Let's hold insurance companies accountable for the fees they charge for services. Let's make finding and accesses services transparent.
Let's make it so that if anyone needs medical care, they can get it. With no surprises on cost or questions of how they will cover it.
Let's make it so people don't need to set up a GoFundMe so they can beg for essential medical care.
And here's a crazy idea... Let's not have the CBO figure out that the cost savings for this comes from people dying sooner.
Like trumpryangardnercare is so down for. 

You know... Just some thoughts.
In over 30 yrs Republicans never been successful when it comes to healthcare. Stop bleeding & earn your paychecks. Work ACA & get'er done!
If you'd spend 50% less effort & get ACA Vers. 1.0 to ACA Vers. 2.0 it would be working. It's 2017 dammit. The ACA should be 3.0 by now!
“Potemkin Down With All Hands-jobs, Toad Congress, NoCare/Tax Poor, Feed Rich/Bumfuck Budget/Blow Pooty Agenda, No Search Underway”…Times
I have family members who are alive BECAUSE OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. How do you sleep at night?
If the GOP were not sabotaging the ACA, insurers would have confidence to provide more plans.   Cutting care is not the answer. #care
The fix you are looking at just is not right. Stop the madness.
Why not work to fix it instead of sabotage it?
At least they have one. Trumpcare may offer none
So the GOP plan is to make 23 million people uninsured. Is this is what you call a better solution, Senator?
Vote for TrumpCare and lets count his supporters start to die off.
I just heard that this "new health care " bill  will make people my age,  OVER 50, pay more /month? I'm already paying enough already!
how much of people on bad insurance plans can be attributed to insurance brokers? So many changes, so little time
my broker heard "healthy" and put me on high deductible. I found only $40 more/month got me copay and $700 ded.
considering taxes: why do self-employed get a tax write off for premiums but ppl who buy because job doesn't provide don't?
Senator, you and the GOP's plan for healthcare for all at an affordable rate?  Where is it?
that's one more than they had before and will have under trumpcare.  Want to help? Make it better, not worse!
Get health insurers out of health insurance. It's too important to leave in the hands of profiteers.
Let it die!  Don't waste another minute on it.
Senator Gardner, you and the GOP talk smack about the ACA but do nothing for real healthcare.
And? You were elected to solve problems. Let's hear your solution.
U guys need 2 stick 2 Trump's agenda that we voted for! Quit being sellouts 2 our Party & move his agenda forward NOW or lose your jobs!
I believe that's because GOP stopped subsidies. Fix #ACA
At least they have insurance, unlike they would under AHCA. When are you having a town hall to discuss this?
Sweetie, you're too pretty to think. Clearly.
These stats are wrong because insurance companies and Trump are causing the ACA to fail on purpose! R U cruel 2?
Oh I suppose you could enhance Obamacare, or better yet, how about Medicare for all Americans?
I hear suggestions for fixing O'Care issues, but never any response on why it's a bad idea from the right. Can we get *some dialogue going?
But taking 23 million Americans off works, right?!
Stop crowing. You fought to weaken Obamacare for seven years and not once tried to fix it. You wanted it to fail & made damn sure it did.
Please come see us at #townhall to discuss why you won't stand up to Trump's authoritarian and anti @NATO actions.
Some people did not want a special counsel. There are no backchannels to a special counsel. That is the point of a special counsel. https://twitter.com/gregpmiller/status/868295833371934720 …
If all req'd to have insurance free market will be there With you guys trying to repeal, ins cos won't invest. Save lives; fix#Obamacare
That is precisely why we keep telling you all (DC) to repeal ACA and let the market be the guide. X borders.

@ChrisMurphyCT explains how #Obamacare isn't dying Trump is purposefully killing it
Thanks to Obamacare, multiple people I know and love are ALIVE.
@SenCoryGardner it's long overdue for an in person Town Hall. Your constituents don't agree with you. Country before party!
Im waiting 4 lung transplant. Medicare is only option. Will you visit me after gutting Medicare, or come to my funeral? Im nearby you
This very lame excuse is NOT working! Fix the problems with the ACA - that's what you were elected and are being paid by us to do!
The GOP needs to come clean.  By the way, you get nothing until you help clean out the White House and get Ivanka and Kushner out, dad T. to
Thanks to the Republicans Obamacare was gutted by Rubio's amendment in 2015 to make insurers whole 10 years to allow premiums to stabilize
So do you improve healthcare by making it better, or do you propose to improve healthcare by making it worse?
When are where are you meeting us during Congressional recess? We demand accountability. #copolitics @ProgressNowCO @indivisiblefrr @9NEWS
Why are you playing partisan politics with our lives?  We know @marcorubio delib defunded risk corridors to undermine #aca. @indivisiblefrr
And your plan will give more people healthcare?  Not just access, but real affordable health care?  I hope it can, but not holding my breath
Talk to your constituents about what parts of Obamacare they feel you should keep. Town hall, town hall, town hall.


And your modified AHCA will have devastating consequences for Coloradans.  Support Medicare for all.
Then help shore up and fund the ACA rather than keep pouring on the GOP gasoline!  Your deceptions have become so craven, turns my stomach.
One insurer. Not one health care provider.
The answer is not to make healthcare worse with the GOP AHCA! CBO score shows 23M Americans losing insurance under AHCA.
Thanks to Obamacare millions of people have one more than zero insurer to choose from. Fixed this for you.
btw, "proudly serving the state of Colorado" isn't cowardly avoiding your constituents because your #tiny ideals don't stand up to scrutiny.
