Listen to your constituents & the voicemails we have left. We will not forget your complacency and disregard of human rights
Listen! We do NOT want Judge Gorsuch. Respectfully, a voting Colorado constituent in Arvada.
No to Betsy Devos I'm tweeting to express my deep opposition to the confirmation of Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education
and how respectful were you of Merrick Garland and our real president, Obama?
When did you meet with Merrick Garland?
I do as well. Unlike Betsy DeVos, Judge Gorsuch is highly qualified for his position. #NoDeVos #RuralED #ColoradoProud
your supporting a bad pick 80121
that's reasonable. Devos is not reasonable.
Really? Don't support DeVos either...need someone with public education experience!
You all should be ashamed of yourselves for not standing up for your constituents and all Americans. #Indivisible #ShameOnU
he will serve white men but not me!
Oh, so you were in his Fascism Forever club? How cute. You could at least pretend to care about your constituents.
No, we do not want him.  Democrat stands strong against this man. Hey Cory how much money did he give you for your support!
As I said I think it's time for this military widow to run for your seat & bring real progress to DC.
Originalism is a nonsense philosophy as even original intent is debated.
I do not agree with you.  #merrickgarland would have been a much less biased addition
Colorado has spoken and we say NO. So what you really mean is that you're looking forward to party over people.
Why didn't you look forward to following the judicial process and at least hearing from Garland? #doublestandard
It is shameful that you are not opposing Gorsuch. His attacks on women's rights are deeply troubling.
we the Colorado Democrats totally & completely disapprove of Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Don't destroy our democracy.
As a CO resident i say VOTE NO! He is an admitted fascist!! Do not vote yes!! Insist on someone moderate!!
Did you even meet with Merrick Garland? GOP hacked Supreme Court. Shameful.
just because he's from CO doesn't make him the right choice. He's not qualified or prepared to serve ALL CITIZENS
No
He won't Another stunningly privileged welltended member of "ruling class" Mom too harmed&failed nation #livingconstitution
How can you look Coloradans in eye as if we forgot Rep's hypocrisy on Garland.  Suddenly rules only apply when Rep's want.
.@SenCoryGardner I'll keep calling until I can register my dissent. OPPOSE GORSUCH. Love, An Unaffiliated Voter from Your Constituency. #CO
I disagree and do not want him confirned. I respect your opinion but believe you should listen to your constituents.
Yeah, the founder of Facism Forever, he'll be just great. You've GOT to be kidding me. It wasn't youthful ignorance. Vote NO
When is your next town hall? Would like to chat with you in person. Getting really tired of getting your VM.
oh like you did your job to ensure Merrick Garland at least HAD A HEARING???
Remember when you called your angry constituents paid protesters...
He'll learn in November 2020.
Would Gerrick Marland NOT have served the country well ?! You guys are too much.
WE DON'T WANT HIM!
Based on your record, you seem to have a distorted view on what 'serving our country well' means.
That seat belongs to Merrick Garland.
#draintheswamp of AstroTurf shameless cheap paid mouth pieces singularly interested in lining his pocket in @MarALago
.@SenCoryGardner Are you planning to join the Fascists Forever club he founded?
- The process that lead to this nomination is illegitimate on it's face.
Judge Gorsuch is politically partisan. @USSupremeCourt justices are supposed to have at least a patina of impartiality, no?
read his college yearbook leader of a fascist club. If we are still here in two years you will lose your seat
so Gorsuch's fascist sympathy is of no import?
what was wrong w/Merrick Garland that he didn't deserve a vote?
expedient: convenient & practical but possibly improper or immoral. Props rogue speechwriter, u nailed it! #MerrickGarland
you didn't have the guts to meet with Garland. Wimp.
I am another constituent who believes you ignore our positions.  I, too, will work to ensure you do not get reelected.
You should spend more time vetting Gorsuch. NO FASCISM in the SCOTUS!!
He founded a group in high school called #fascismforever. Do not approve him, do not approve Betsy DuVos either.
Why are you handing out @realDonaldTrump GRAPE JUICE to ur supporters?? #PropagandaPusher
Do not sopport a stolen seat! Where is ur vote 4 Merrick Garland?
The longer u back Trump in any way, you are 1 step closer 2 being unemployed. You work for us. Listen to your constituents.
...yeah not too happy about the new Supreme Court Nomination since he's aiming to overturn Roe V. Wade.
Merrick Garland, you tool
mmmm you and the other senators might want to dig a little deeper first:  http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/amp/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-called-Fascism-Forever.html …
You have not yet addressed my questions on the aca, still waiting in Colorado Springs, 80919
you're so eager over this candidate...it's sickening the lack of support Merrick deserved and didn't get & now this fawning.
You need to make sure Trump is a legitimate president before you can confirm his nomination. Watching your handling of this
shame on you
you're the definition of #feckless and your hypocrisy knows no bounds
you don't get to jump onboard with this nominee after you participated and led Republican obstructionism on Obama's nominee
please do not vote for unqualified Betsy DeVos, listen to the voice of your constituents and vote NO
too scared to hold a town hall cos you know your constituents disagree with you. #growsomeballs
gorsuch is a shill that thinks the world is 6000 years old.  Please oppose his confirmation.
Over our dead bodies.
so now you're ready to do your job? You just sat on the sidelines until you got the coach you wanted. Good use of 2 years!
body language; literally looks like a puppet on a string...and we know who's pulling those strings, not constituents!
Now the hedge fund owners in charge of the @denverpost are getting a return on their investment. Congrats!  @SenCoryGardner
What gall! You owe Merrick Garland a personal apology!
unless you are female.  How can you care so little for women??
You are ignoring the people you are supposed to represent. We are your constituency and you will be VOTED OUT. NO TO GORSUCH
If you and him are for the Constitution then why aren't you both against the #MuslimBan?
Heard you on CPR this a.m. saying the Dems hold-outs 1.31 were "unprecedented".  So what the Reps did to Garland was....?
Please remember Colorado does not support Trump's pick. Your record will be reviewed when it's time to vote.
69% of Americans favor Roe v. Wade.  That includes your constiuency.
Looking forward to you not being re-elected.
selling out citizens to corporations will not serve well.
You are betraying your state and constituents with your blind acceptance of @POTUS and his nominees. #GorsuchNomination
And I look forward to voting against you when you come up for reelection. This is a stolen seat. It belongs to M. Garland.
.@SenCoryGardner

NO #Gorsuch!

Did you forget his Hobby Lobby decision FOR discrimination?

He puts church over state=WRONG!

#SCOTUS
I'm a constituent, not a paid protester.  I would like you to oppose this appointment.
It's sad you will support a #scotus who is less qualified than judge Garland. As one of your constituents I'm saddened.
why did you not show this consideration for Judge Merrick Garland?   We won't forget your hypocrisy Mr Gardner!!
Funny how "fair, thorough, & expedient" only applies when you unjustly steal the nomination via temper-tantrum. #HearUsCory
this before you commented on the #muslimban. Have you noticed a recurring theme in your Twitter replies? Grow a spine.
You should start searching for a new job. Look at all these Coloradans pledging to work hard so YOU WILL NOT get reelected!
grow a backbone. Celebrating this stolen pick while remaining silent on issues your constituents care about. #OneTermSenator
You mean you'll allow him to have a hearing? How considerate.
please keep up the videos it only makes my choice to vote you out more concrete
.  Garland would as well. As you represent Colorado, you should've confirmed him in a fair, thorough expedient manner.
we expect you to oppose Gorsuch. From a Colorado voter! Also pick up your damn phone! #NotMyPresidentTrump #supremecourt
He won't serve women well. You GOP are like drones following Hitler all the way to destruction of the US
@SenateGOP to quote the "ever-so-eloquent" Trump: "WRONG! WRONG! WRONG!"
@HYPOCRITES. MERRITT GARLAND DID NOT GET A VOTE ! RESIST REPUBLICANS AND THEIR RUSSIAN ELECTED PERSON. MANIAC NARCISSISTIC
I look forward to not supporting you next time you're up. #spineless
Likewise. That's Garland's seat. #toady
How can you support him when you haven't even heard his answers to questions or cases he's been involved with?!
And I sir look forward to voting you OUT asap. Signed, one of your constituents.
@SenateGOP no thanks to you for any of this, putz.
Hobby Lobby wasn't about religious freedom. It was about religious imposition. #MyBodyMyChoice #NoRoeNoGo @NARALColorado
and that does not make for a good choice for @Scotus
um Hobby Lobby? He appeals to a fringe. 2018 will b here soon. U shld start looking 4 a new job. #NoRoeNoGo #MyBodyMyChoice
Nope. 2018 will wipe out Dems. @Eino_Sierpe Tell the Senate to #DefundPP and confirm #JusticeGorsuch
please show @SenBennetCO what bipartisanship is SCOTUS nominee Gorsuch is a great choice for the Constitution!
.@SenCoryGardner As we join together to ruin the US democracy! Hail Pres Bannon!
Make the Confirmation short.Will the rules allow it?
@SenateGOP work with those on the other side of the the aisle. @TheDemocrats America needs you, don't let her down For US
As a voting Coloradan and mother of a child receiving services through IDEA, you will not receive my vote.  NO on DeVos!
you have ignored 100,000 of your constituents.
dislike
Go nuclear if you have to; Senate Rules can be broken to save the Constitution
@schotts I was for him till Cory with the bad character spoke for him
That seat belongs to Merrick Garland. President Obama's choice for the vacancy. Do not thwart democracy.
Blah, blah, blah. You and your Party stole this pick from Pres. Obama. Better get something lined up in the private sector.

your constituents (not paid protestors) disagree. His record does not align w Coloradans' values. #NotOurJustice #SCOTUS
You know that Colorado did NOT vote for Trump, right? I wouldn't get too close to that dumpster fire if I were you. #2020
You have time to comment on this how about responding to your constituents on: Sessions, DeVos, ban, wall, Russia...waiting.
Garland would as well. As you represent Colorado, you should've ensured his confirmation was fair, thorough and expedient.
Yet to be seen: will he defend the constitution or he narrow conservative ideology?
maybe you need to Remember the state u represent & not ur donors from Kansas. Do I suggest u think about it
have you listened to /read ANYTHING your constituents are telling you? We don't agree with you!!!!
I look forward to voting you out in a few years. Ever hear of the constitution? Gardner should be the choice.
I am a Colorado voter. Please support Merrick Garland for SCOTUS! Or else I will vote against you in 2020!
Popular vote went to Hillary, Electoral to Trump. We should wait until someone wins both and let him/her make the appt.
I look forward to  you responding to Coloradans -- we have been wanting to talk to you!
Your thoughts on this, Senator?
Wow, Trump's SCOTUS pick Gorsuch will be a disaster for disabled kids' education. http://files.pfaw.org/uploads/2017/02/Neil-Gorsuch-Fact-Sheet-2.pdf … 
Dude, Cory, I think your anti-woman SC nominee is bullshit, but I'm glad someone answered the phone at your Denver office!
you let us down. Unless you vote down Betsy!
I wish you’d actually become informed rather than showing you don’t care about constituents by voting with your party.
@MitchMcConell @SenSanders  @SenateDems   You Republicans wrote the playbook. We've learned it well. Watch.
if you continue to support Gorsuch it is against the will of your constituents-and you will be on the wrong side of history
Looking 4 any positive comments 4 u 2night;I didn't find ANY. Enjoy ur time in the Senate while U can #onetermandout #coblue
you will be defeated at mid term. You are spineless
As a voter in your district, I expect a DETAILED explanation from you re: judicial merits of this nominee vs Garland.
Wish you were communicating this much on supporting American values, science, and opposing the EO banning muslims with green cards and visa
Gorsuch is not Merrick Garland. The empty seat should've been filled last year. We won't forget in 2020.#IllegitimateGorsuch
I think you should support women's rights, instead.
are you fucking kidding me?
If you do, I will actively campaign for your opponent in the next election.
Yet another reason why I will do everything in my power to make sure you are a one-term wonder.
not much wonderment. One term blunder more like it.
just stop. He is not a good choice just like most of your recent decisions that are anti Coloradan
#downwithgardner
and deVos, we'll you be supporting her clueless bid to ruin education?
have you heard my voicemail? I OPPOSE HR621 DO NOT SELL MY PUBLIC LAND. #resist
Yet you wouldn't consider Merrick Garland. That action/inaction may trigger DEMs to block this nominee. #GOP wrong w/Garland
way to think it through for an hour Senator. Thank God the country is in the hands of such a contemplative tool of the Pres
Why r you rubber stamping all the cabinet nominees. Why not start working for all constituents? I have questions, town hall?
hmm #antilgbtq #antirighttochoose I don't think so
Republicans stole this nomination. You will not be able to pretend otherwise
I can't trust a lackey who lies
That's unfortunate. He is not impartial and neither are you. #BiasedInterpretation
Just as I look forward to protesting you and ensuring this is your last term.
Enjoy your banner. This is to let you know we are not out of state paid protestors. Dropped it off after today's protests.
We don't need more conservatives on the Supreme Court.  Our country is more progressive. Scalia 2.0=mistake. #notmysenator
or oppose him for his refusal to separate church and state. #listentoyourConsituents
don't forget to vote no on Devos; She's clueless. Also, listen to those voicemails yet?
Serve rich, white, straight, protestant, males but not all of this country. Must be blocked for 1,450 days. #EqualRights
Unsurprised but disappointed. Which could also be your reelection campaign slogan.
It would be awesome if you listened to your constituents instead of blindly voting along party lines. #WellVoteYouOut
are you going to vet him at all?
you picked the fight when refused to give Merrick Garland the courtesy of a HEARING.Take your Bible toting SCOTUS nom & ...
GOP stole this seat, now all, especially women will suffer.  He shouldn't get a vote.
No he will not.  He will serve evil doers like you.  You are all part of the anti-christ movement....
guess who's vote you won't have next election. Mine and anyone who realizes that Trump took your spine.
like the fair chance you gave to merrick garland? Or is that not being partisan?
So you won't even vote on a nominee, and now you're ready to vote? #Hypocrite #Disgrace2Senate #maddow #inners #LastWord
VOTE NO on DeVos.  Drain the swamp.  Your constituents are paying very close attention.
Perhaps you should make up your mind after confirmation hearings. We expect a considered vote, not rubber stamp

Trump shouldn't be allowed to choose a justice in the last year of his presidency.
This right here wins! #NOTMYSCOTUS #onetermsenator
Please treat him with as much respect and consideration as you did for Merrick Garland. Sincerely, an unpaid CO resident.
You better think twice before becoming a Trump puppet. Colorado won't stand for it.  You will be voted out. #theResistance
it's great to have a fellow Coloradan nominated to the supreme court! He's also a brilliant man!
Our constitution says that the sitting president gets to nominate - not the next president. I hope Senate Democrats #resist
Nov 2018
which way is the wind blowing? That's the direction you choose.
Guess who I WON'T be voting for in the next election?!
wait I thought republicans satisfied with 8 justices. That's what repubs said last year. We will remember. #1termsenator
remember this?
Yes, glad to see how principled you are.
