U such
honor? seriously? your party, your president, this stolen nomination, gerrymandering, voting rights rollbacks, the constant stream of lies?
And Coloradans will not forget!
Of course you were - GOP felt they had the right to a super conservative to replace Scalia so you STOLE the seat delegitimizing the Court
Thieves!  Every last one of you @gop. NEVER NEVER NEVER will any of you get my vote again. EVER
This will come back to haunt the GOP
Dishonorable @SenCoryGardner voted for injustice Gorsuch, well isn't that special...
Your email to me about this was completely unsatisfactory. Your votes do not represent your constituents' perspectives. Disappointing.
You just took a big crap on all of us.  Thanks for nothing again.
You broke it, you own it.
Are you on meth?
Can't wait to vote you out.
I will be honored to cast my vote against you when Colorado Senate election season comes.
We were bullied!  Sad tactics.
what are your plans for when you have to leave the Senate?
It will be an honor to do everything I can to make sure you don't hold a seat come next election. Listen to your constituents!!!
Can't wait to knock on doors in #2020.  #anybodybutgardner
"After a legitimate nominee was refused any hearings & a 200 yr old rule was changed, the Senate GOP finally got its way."
Exactly
49 's should tell you something...
I called your office to oppose him, citing sources that say he is more conservative than Clarence Thomas, your aide didn't know who that was
When you have to change the rules to win you are a smart loser. Such short term thinking. Your time is over.
Good Job thank you standing strong with Colorado. Unlike @SenBennetCO,
Nope. You're going down, Cory.
I think there are a lot of constituents who would love to see you come to a town hall and explain it to them.
Stolen seat. Forever tainted. SCOTUS is pure political post now.
I'm a moderate Dem who thinks Gorsuch was right choice. There are many moderate Coloradans on both sides of aisle. One party votes passé.
I believe that you did the wrong thing. You ignored your constituents for a plagiarist, perhaps sexist and individual rights hater.
stop and really think about what you are saying. Dig deep to look outside of your tiny window you use to view the world.
In other words: "baaaaaa." #2020 #TheResistance
No. He is not
I will be honored to cast my vote for your opponent.
Boo!
You do not not speak for the state of colorado, you do not speak for me.
Was the 2nd Nominee well qualified. Should have been waiting for next vacancy. Likely nominated, likely picked. Now 2 branches of Govt.
I wonder how he feels being the only judge ever who required the nuclear option to be nominated.  Shame on you for allowing this!  Sad!!!
To be clear, this nomination of which you are proud is going to immensely harm women. Why is it ok to end up harming women? Sexist by proxy.
Why are there two sets of rules for each party? Why is there a chasm of a double standard? Do you guys ever play fair?
No he's not. His other problem was his name wasn't Merrick Garland. Being proud of stealing a pick and destroying our process to do it? Wow.
And thus your oath breaking to uphold our constitution is now complete.  What are your plans for an encore?  Please resign now.
An illegitimate nomination, by an illegitimate POTUS, confirmed using flawed process. You realize there'll be a Dem majority in 2018, right?
I'll be honored to vote against you. You and the GOP are a disgrace.  GOP is doing a great job of getting voted out of office. Keep it up!
sad statement that you are honored by this after your party dishonored Merrick Garland and the constitution as it did.Shameful.2020 bye bye
Wait Senator, I've been to hard on you. Gorsuch is "exceptional", in his mediocrity and divergence from the majority of American thought!
You should be ashamed of yourself for this vote.
they judge the plagiarizes? Is that the type of integrity we want on the bench?
Wrong Senator, his interpretations are too right,he fails to attribute other's work and 200 years of rules had to be broken to get him in.
You've again bought shame to lovely Colorado
Senator Gardner, this was a stolen seat and you know it.  Shame on the Republicans in the Senate over this one.
@SenCoryGardner You nailed it (in the coffin, that is...)
buh-bye Roe v. Wade and buh-bye Cory Gardner in the next election
And it's a shame, really, because you seem like such a nice guy. So smiley and upbeat. But you vote the wrong way EVERY dang time.
Your racism is showing.
Yes qualified jurist but NOT SCOTUS. Certainly not by theft. May be plagiarist to boot? DISAGREE
You continue to support undermining of democratic institutions. Your record of party over country/democracy is despicable
Kiss your seat goodbye in 2020, Cory.
#adiosIN18 #adiosIN20
I will be honored to vote against you when your term is up.
I'm skeptical but there's always hope. Ike nominated Earl Warren!
Glad you are proud of having stolen a seat, put an ultra-right Justice in 4ever & neglected your constituents. You'll be out of work in 2020
You're out of touch with your constituents...and reality. Are you planning on running again in 2020?
The choices of our Senator may not be the ones that are in the best interests of Coloradoans who vote and care about our people and state.
You manage to be both a corporate *and* party shill. It'll be such a blessing when we can finally VOTE YOU OUT!
And I will be honored to cast my vote for your opponent.
When you lose power, which you will, imagine the type of justice you will get if Dems play the same game. You & @GOP hurt the country today.
Voting against you in 2020.
Terrible example setting for the next generation. If you can't do something within the rules - hey you can just ignore them or change them
Your interns better start working on a job search for you. What does a one-term senator even do for work?
I'll be honored to cast my vote 11/3/2020.
In the event you do run again, I'll be ecstatic to cast my vote for anyone BUT you.
I don't think anyone should feel good about how he was voted into the Supreme Court. Changing the rules mid-game is dirty.
You still owe me an apology for not giving Merrill Garland a hearing.  You are in gov't to conduct constituent business.  Not McConnel's.
shame on you for voting in favor of the nuclear option. Shame on you.
No he's not. You blew shit up (now both literally and figuratively) to get your "win."
Maybe so but how it got done isn't admirable.
Not Colorado's choice
And in doing so you have personally sanctioned every tainted ruling from here on given that Gorsuch was installed by Putin's POTUS.
I'm going to work very hard to make sure you're a one term senator. #oneandout
You are the worst.
Too bad you had to change rules that have kept the Senate running for nearly 200 years for your vote to be effective. Short sighted much?
I am so disappointed with you, Senator.
If you weren't such an ideologically brain-clogged tool, you'd be ashamed of yourself instead.
Merrick Garland was an exceptional choice but his seat was stolen by YOUR party & a corrupt President. #wewillnotforget
You are honored to have screwed your constituents.  Well done Cory.  Get that resume ready.  The clock is ticking.
Stolen appointment
Forever tainted SCOTUS justice.
Aren't you supposed to be representing the interests of your constituents? What you did was to appease your big $$$ backers.
When you lose your seat, I will be honored to have cast my vote against you.
(Sigh) Once again you are wrong and not in touch with your constituents. #sad #recallcory #onetermsenator
Senator, you need to resign. I can't tell if you're a party-first hack or a cheap sell out (both?!) but you are NOT representing CO. #DYJ
He lost 8-0 in his case heard in the very court he will sit. Says something about his judgement
You shouldn't be
He was evasive during the confirmation hearings. His record is anti woman, pro corporation. Yet you endorse him. 2020!
merrick garland. merrick garland. merrick garland. merrick garland. merrick garland.  have real town hall. merrick garland. merrick garland.
Thanks, but you still stole our voice during the primaries, gave our vote to ted cruz..not re-electing you cory.
#GOPAmnesia #MerrickGarland was an exceptional choice too, until @GOP was derelict in its duty!! #StolenSeat  SAD!
you should start working on your resume. #2020
He is far too right wing and pro corp. does not rep what CO wanted. Stolen seat that undermines our faith in govt. don't gloat - this is sad
You clearly do not listen to the majority of your constituents. We were not with you on this. #WeWillReplaceYou
Maybe we should stop paying taxes until we have representation. Maybe then the GOP will listen.
2020
This is the just the most perfect tweet ever.
Sad that radical democrats forced a Senate rule change to stop their obstruction. Cory Gardner is for Colorado & the Constitution!
I can only guess that when u cited the Biden on a much more qualified Garland that was different, right? Ur represented ur SuperPacs well
You never fail to disappoint! !
how can you feel honored to be a part of such dirty dealings. Unfair to Garland. unfair to people. You should feel disgusted
I strongly object both to #Gorsuch and to your vote against my right to control my own body and health. Shame on you & the cheating @GOP.
I will be honored to cast my vote against you in 2020
Please resign
I will be honored to cast my vote for your opponent in 20. 80210. #unpaid.
R's obstructed Garland and 44's right to nominate-and then you broke all Senate decorum forcing Gorsuch through. A broken senate and court
Your vote absolutely went against the will of your constituents & we will remember that when you're up for re-election, you corrupt wimp
proudly going nuclear? ugh
I'm not sure it matters whether you were honored, Senator. It matters whether your constituents were honored, and we weren't.
Yes! Yes! Yes!
I'm sure you were bc he's as partisan as you and his decisions will be based on that partisanship mentality!
Using the nuclear option-nothing to be proud of.

#IllegitimateSCOTUS Sad day for your reelection Sen Gardner
RESIGN
A stolen seat filled by a POTUS that is compromised by a hostile foreign power. If we survive this history will not remember you kindly
When are you next up for election?
#2020
What a shame.  Money and power are ruling.  Pity poor people who  will suffer for decades over this.  SCOTUS was designed to protect poor
Shame on you. You are a pathetic representation of your constituents. How do you sleep at night? 
Gorsuch should be ashamed!
Along with youself @SenCoryGardner .
Really? Cause I called your office non-stop to ask you to not vote for him.
They serve their masters.
Um...no. He's a regressive. Our country is going ass-backwards. Start showing up at Town Halls, Senator, and stop being s political pussy.
I can't wait to vote you out of office!
Love your quote in your profile pic!
If you think telling a truck driver he should have frozen to death is exceptional, then by all means...
WHAT A LOSER!
He is illegitimate. You stole this seat from Merrick Garland.
