WATCH: @SenCoryGardner says @realDonaldTrump reverted his stance on Charlottesville and "was wrong to do that."  #9NEWS #COpolitics 
Then call evil by its name, go ahead, say the name.
We need you to back our president don't listen to evil out there
He is trying against all odds, please stand with him
So it's wrong to call out both hate groups as Trump did ? WTF?   Shutting down speech of all opposition is exactly what ANTIFA  wants.
If there were no Nazis and fascists, anti would not exist.they are not morally equivalent
. Sure.   
And your stance on Roy Moore?
You are not going to get a single new vote for betraying your party and President and will lose many who supported you. Switch parties.
@realDonaldTrump DID denounce them. It's time for you to see what the rest of us see, there are many sides to the hate #SUPPORT45
Hmm - just a couple days ago you were singing Roy Moore’s praises, so which is it because it can’t be both.
But you support Roy Moore? You know his record. He's a racist and a homophobe, and he has no regard for the law, yet @NRSC's fine with that.
Trump is evil incarnate. He should resign and free your party from affiliation with the dark side. 
4e
This talk about Pres being sympathetic with nazi is crazy talk. Do not fall for it. He is a great patriot and loves America
All talk.....
So what are you going to do about systemic inequality, police brutality & other manifestations of racism? #ActionsSpeakLouder
Jonny come lately and pile on.
@potus called out ALL sides. What is your complaint?  You are just pandering.
You are correct - they should not be....  But you are incorrect when you say they are not part of anybody's base - they absolutely are.
As you endorse bigot Roy Moore in the same breath. #Hypocrite
Evil is on Antifa, BLM, white supremists and our president stated that clearly. Don't be a wimp stand with President
Thank you for your work on the legislation calling it a terrorist attack. I appreciate your bipartisan leadership in this important issue!
We know and will not forget. https://www.youtube.com/embed/L50JyrbK_R0 …
And you're going to urge the GOP House to commence impeachment immediately, yes?
Just another #butthurt #nevertrump #Resistance sore loser calling for #ImpeachTrump... What a bunch of whiners & crybabies. #Trump #MAGA
Well!!! What are you gonna do about it?
Call for the resignation of Bannon, Gorka, Miller? Ensure equal voting rights? Ask that white supremacists be added back to terrorist list?
If you are going to start naming terrorists, add Antifa&BLM too for starters...learn the real story of VA. #MAGA https://www.allenbwest.com/2017/08/13/ok-folks-heres-really-happened-charlottesville-everyone-missing/ …
Ok i've read yours NOW view mine and tell me again who the terrorist are
https://youtu.be/P54sP0Nlngg  UNFUCKINGBELIEVABLE
You know what's so "UNFUCKINGBELIEVABLE" about all this BS is the fact that nobody wants to take accountability...so let's blame POTUS.
And your stance on the Arpaio pardon is?
@BrandonRittiman @realDonaldTrump then you need to #ImpeachTrump
You're a liar and you'll never get my vote again. Trump condemned all racism and all violence. Why don't you?
Your words are belied by your support of Roy Moore
So...Roy Moore. Discuss.
Say something today! From a Colorado voter who actually wants to believe in you.
I agree!  So, when will u be calling out the anti-American violent #Antifa thugs for their hate, bigotry, racism & violence?... #Trump #MAGA
This is what you were elected to do. Stand firm with President 
Don't listen to the traitors out there
I voted for u
Don't make me ashamed
Are you going to remove signs of hate and racism in your own state?
I stand with @realDonaldTrump HE CONDEMNED MANY TIMES! Don't get caught up in the medias frenzy #copolitics
Vote. But how many in Colorado share my sentiments?
Them to not vote for you. There are many things wrong with this government. You happen to be one of them. I realize you don't care about one
So Trump is right to condemn both sides and you are only half right. However, you lost my vote. Everyone I know I will try to convince
White supremacy should be condemned. But so should black supremacy and political left supremacy be condemned.
Antifa has attacked, unprovoked, trump supporters. Why won't you and everyone else in government condemn them? I do however agree
Anyone they disagree with.
their rights if they haven't broken the law? Because antifa seems to be the gov and msm's darling. But they are filled with violence to
You condemn them, which is fine. But you must know that people that follow this ideology have constitutional rights. Do you want to take
I just saw you on 9 news. You criticize "white supremacy" in all its forms. KKK, bro nazis, etc. you say the have no place in this society.
@SenCoryGardner is lying to you here.  He can call evil by name twitter where convenient but he backs a President who is embracing nazis
What about the Evil spy ring in Congress #AwanBros Hard drives found and story broke @
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=george+webb …
What about the Evil spy ring in Congress #AwanBros Hard drives found and story broke @ 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=george+webb …
I'm a male Hispanic in Weld county who will work against your re-election if you don't grow a spine and back @POTUS  Evil is Antifa Fascist
And restore funding for fighting right-wing terror groups! All terror groups should be countered, including the ones Trump likes.
You're still being too soft on Trump. You should be calling him a racist bigot and calling for his impeachment.
Please move to censure Trump for his continued support of white supremacists.
Tweets in support of decency are good. But your simultaneous continued alignment with @realDonaldTrump makes these words seem hollow.
And Trump did several times.
@SenCoryGardner You cannot rebuke absolute truth... I urge for you to stand. #VeteransResist #25thAmendmentNow
Denver voter here.  You need to call out and denounce the violent, racist hate group antifa.  Or you will not be getting my vote ever again.
Crazy- you didn't need an election for the GOP to fall apart you just needed to elect a Republican President. Tragic! Self imploding.
I hope you condem by name the antifa and blm..right?
Support the President, stop bullshiting. I'm embarrassed having voted for you.
Does this mean that you are opposing POTUS in his views? Unless you actually SAY he's wrong, then you aren't saying enough. #RacistTrump
If you mean this, show us. Demand the head of your party, @realDonaldTrump #Resign calling KKK and Nazis good guys not enough? What is?
Democrat protesters need to be prosecuted!
STAND WITH REPUBLICANS! ANTIFA TERRORIST AND STANDING DOWN ALLOWED THIS TO HAPPEN.
, good! Glad to hear that you denounce BLM and Antifa!
Please urge the House to file articles of impeachment and push for 25th amendment unless you want to continue to support a Nazi sympathizer.
Please impeach the monster in chief.
@SenCoryGardner might have his LA write this tweet but he stands with Trump and votes with Trump on legislative issues.
Thank you for your words sir now WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT? #25thAmendment #ImpeachNow #FireBannonMillerGorka #25thAmendmentNow
There's an easy solution to getting the president to denounce hate groups. Get a new president. It's time to stand up for the country.
We beg of you - start by recognizing that the people in the White House are empowering those you are calling evil.
We the American people stand with PRESIDENT Trump!!!
2/2 Double Standards are Not What America wants from you,or anyone eles in our Government, All by the SAME RULES,even You...
I Agree, But for Some Reason BLM,& AntiFa seems to not be Called out by you or Others in Office all the While They Terrorize our Streets 1/2
Sir, you are proving yourself to becoming a victim of the Left. If you don't want to #MAGA, then we will elect someone who does! 
https://scontent-dft4-3.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/20881886_10211962106185319_9104933440271075404_n.jpg?oh=cd4058fc05f018d9f6478cc32bfcde77&oe=5A28428C …
Then why are you backing down?  Why are you just tweeting hap hazard statements! Where's your actions?  Censure now
Your tweets are NOT enough! Vile, bullying comments abt. minorities & women by @PTOUS is not kind, compassionate, unity or America! Must Act
Apparently your blind! Because your being RACIST against white people!
Now you want the President to "Call evil by its name"! But someone other then a "WHITE" person it's not EVIL by its name!
@BrandonRittiman @realDonaldTrump What a beautiful statement Senator to bad you don't mean a word of it. Go kiss Trumps ass
Did you see this poll? Americans wise to the media slant to advance Democrat agenda & stop Trump! #MAGA #FakeNews
#HillaryForPrison2018
Unless the GOP gets to work ousting this unfit President, they will be known as the Republiklan, enablers of white supremacy #ImpeachTrump
You've been #silent about racism within your own state. Speak out now about what you could have done, and promise us you will bring peace.
Ok, you need to admit your own wrongdoings and apologize to Coloradoans.
Switch parties. Come into the light. Also...
Full support for Senator Cory Gardner!  One of the few R's who will "stand and deliver."  Thank you, Senator.
Gardnet..you are also a contributory factor in dividing the people. Too much has been said so let justice be on the perpetrator.
Stand up for the people in Colorado! My children should not have to live in fear because of the cooler of their skin. Stand against Trump
Great!  Now do something about him!
WOW who would ever in million yrs thought that corporate run America would run FROM it's own govt!!
People tweeting against the President didn't vote for to begin with. Don't be fooled his ratings r higher than u think.  Polls r wrong
We stand by the presidents statement. Both sides to blame. The president is right. Careful what u say about him we r watching.
Tell us again how you are getting into heaven? God anointed you to  defeat  hate, gave you the direct power by law,and you did not impeach?
Thank you for your voice, Mr. Gardner.
Please do not back down! This president needs to go.
Good to see some real leadership from GOP. Something they lack!  Every Senator should speak out or VOTE THEM OUT in 2018! Time for change!
Thank you, Senator Gardner, for speaking up.
Do u have the balls 2 call the hate & racism from both sides, the extreme left & extreme right?  I seriously doubt it, just meaningless talk
"We must call evil by its name...."  Agreed, let's say it together, Donald Trump!
So call it out by name, sir!
Who r u referring to?  Please be specific.
@SenCoryGardner Please continue to call out people who try to divide this nation and who do not MAGA Stand up for USA through bipartisanship
Now denounce Trump and stop voting to screw over Coloradans
Yes, we must call evil by its name. What is that name? Say his name...Donald Trump.
Great way to do that is by making generalized statements with no rational fact to back them up. And you're in charge of representing people?
Thank you for having a spine Mr. Gardner but please do not ease up on our president. He is dangerous #coloradonative by Italian immigrants.
You are backing down from denouncing alt left hate & racism, pathetic weak little man & a hypocrite. @GOP @realdonaldtrump
Correct.  You've stated the easy and the obvious.  Do you have the courage to truly stand up and confront the President? Your words are weak
You just lost my vote Mr Gardner  Go President Trump maga
instead of word play you guys should find out why the police were so passive!
They could have resolved the issue at once.
"resolved the issue"? How?
The message was for the senator,  he knows what I refer to. It's wasn't intended for you.
Public forum. DM him if you want to speak to him alone.
I did it by voice command while engaged with an issue. My command was misunderstood, my deepest regrets to you.
That's great, but what are you doing about it besides just tweeting?
Tim McVeigh Terry Nichols and Michael Fortier were Radical American Christian Terrorist convicted & executed for  
Killed: 168
Injured: 680+
well that's a pathetic response
Okay.
It's easy to stand against 45 on this issue. Ur silent support of everything else he does is ur action condoning this hate
I see you have found your balls.  Now throw this racist out
You are a coward to not call out ALL forms of hatred and evil. Keep kissing ass and you'll be looking for a job soon. So sad
thank you for taking a stand.
Thank you
U need 2 call out 45 he is unfit to serve
Looks like you won the Democrats support, NOT! Good luck getting re-elected. Are you even reading what's being posted here.
I want to know if my Senator is against free speech? You can spin it any way you want, you do not have to agree with the ideology. Yes or No
Grow a sack dude.
You're a very stupid man. Democrats are the party of the KKK.
And neither will your constituents' "concerns" ...
Time to back your rhetoric with action. Start with this 
That's a moral imperative. Let's talk about your constituents whose health and that of their families rely on your leadership. Also moral.
One? What was the guy labeled as who attacked HR Scalice? No one seems to care,only for a minute maybe.another reason why I voted republican
Gardner did you forget who is the racist party of hate? The Democratic party and that hasn't changed. Get your facts straight!
I am a Christian Hoosier..attend a blended church/30 cultures and with dems..repubs..all get along..by loving Biblically not politically
The only way this will change is if you and your fellow Republicans take real action and turn against this Nazi president. Action, not talk.
Amen. Country before party. Thank you
Thank you, Senator. We are lacking strong leadership across this nation. This is OUR America & we need your voice to stand for our neighbors
Just like previous admin and radical Islamic  terrorism?   Or his comments pertaining to Dallas killings?
What have you called antifa, or BLM? How about assignations of LEOs? What about Ferguson, Baltimore, et al? Anti-Trump riots? Sarsour's WM?
So does that include "Black Lives Matters" and the "Black Panthers"?

By condemning the rhetoric, but not the man, you're condoning 45's hatred and racism. History will demand to know which side you were on.
Oh dear me. "Liberal fascist" isn't actually a thing, per dictionary definition.
Thank you for standing tall for America
Then where were you denouncing Obama blaming christians for ISIS killing people?
When will you denounce BLM and antifa? They are both hateful AND racist.
Great! I applaud your strongly worded position. Now, prove that your tongue isn't more rigid than your backbone: Take meaningful action now!
Republicans are not all racists  Its DemocRats that are stirring up all the hate & violence
Please sir, take action. This isn't healthy for our country. Get the mad klan man out of the WH!
Nice words. Will your actions back them up?   #DoSomethingGOP #ImpeachTrump
Big tough words. Now denounce Trump, take a real stance and #ImpeachTrump . Colorado will remember what you did today.
Where was this moral backbone when you tried to sneak away with millions of people's health ins? Too late, Senator.
Sen.
You got no balls, you job  is more important than the truth.  The President did not, he is protecting the First Amendment.
Talk about the swamp, sewer.  You are deep in it
Thanks Senator.  Now please take action.
Thank you
Thank you for your words condemning the President's statements regarding #Charlottesville
Cory - the President DID condemn Nazi/White Supreminists / he just also called out the other side for their violence listen to what he said
Your clear failure to call out the alt left means you support the Dallas cop killers
Still waiting on you to do just that. Call out blm and antifa
You publicly supported that monster when it was obvious what he is, so your answer already changed. This won't save you come reelection.
Yes evil is evil and "white supremacy" or any other racist group is evil and should always be condemned! Now let's snap out of it & move on!
Yes, but what are you DOING about this problem?  The time for hollow statements is over.  This is only going to get worse. #DoSomethingGOP
Support our President or go home and mpump gas.  He did a hell of a lot more then Obama ever did.  Don't cave.
we may hold divergent views on many issues but thank you. Just thank you
