We're discussing healthcare on the #GardnerTownHall call. If you're not on it, watch the live stream online:
School choice: We don't want to trap parents or kids into a school system. We want to give people more opportunities. #GardnerTownHall
Why dont u do something besides stand against Pres Trump never voting for u agn
You really avoided giving real answers and seem to not know what @POTUS  is up to on the weekends. We need an investigation. #onetermsenator
Frustrating - avoided real answers & stayed loyal to Trump. You don't know best for CO - constituents do. Listen.
@denverpost @denbizjournal @DenverChannel @9NEWS @COPublicRadio Sen Gardner was home for recess, but refused to hold an in person town hall
Thank you for TH try. Nice 1st step. Your words speak moderate. Voting shows locked arms GOP / McConnell.
then meet with us LIVE like a big boy!
Do you are actually meeting with constituents face to face??? Nope didn't think so. #wheresCory
Is there a transcription of this assine "town hall" available for your constituents that can't participate in stupid phone calls?
Really? Is that the best you can do? "Watch online". You are not upholding your sworn duties of office. #fraud #whereiscorynow
We just want to see the taxes - you know that - work on it.
It wasn't really "Live".  You miss consensual validation a real LIVE town hall provides.   Great Questions-Poor Replies. Bad Senator
LIVE means IN PERSON, NOT VIRTUAL REALITY
Oh, you're such a coward. Grow a pair and meet with your constituents in person.
What a FARCE!
I don't think you know what LIVE means (it means in person, not over the phone). Let's schedule an actual LIVe and IN PERSON #townhall
Hummm not the same as a public town hall meeting! You are so afraid of your constituents. It's kinda pathetic
I sent questions,  explain this...
This is ILLEGAL..  #Unconstitutional #Emoluments  http://a.msn.com/r/2/BBAhDrd?a=1&m=EN-US … #Impeach45 @RepMikeCoffman @SenBennetCO @senCoryGardner #DoYourJob
I signed up, never got a call.
What about Trump's numerous issues? Russia, taxes, conflicts of interest? Are you a coward about that too? I want an investigation NOW!
How are you live? You're a coward for not having face to face town halls.
I pay too much for schools, and I don't have kids. I'm not paying for private or religious schools. Parents can do that.
Why do you hate Muslims?
Attended town hall tonight.  Are U doing anything to push back on Trump's conflicts of interest? All I've heard from you is lip service.
Will you vote for a tax funded wall? Will you vote to repeal methane rule. Yes or no. Stop pandering and bsing your bosses!
Are you going to answer all of the question on FB & twitter? #IwantAliveTownHall
Also, you didn't answer the methane vote question, or what you will do to stop Trump funneling tax money into his Mar Lago business! Weasel!
Conflict of interest: he visits his property, funneling taxpayer money into his business!
Do your feet hurt from tiptoeing around EVERY question? #spineless #disgrace
this is the most insulting defamation of democracy i can imagine.  You should have held a real town hall.
Use gov't funds to build a wall or a foundation for the future (education/infrastructure)? Don't waste my tax money and don't build a wall.
You've got the mariachi bands angry with you. Seriously. People are protesting you with mariachi.
This was a conference call, not a town hall. You've been to all 64 counties, but you're going in private.
LIve in person?? Or do you mean on the phone?
Not so LIVE
Where do YOU stand on the President and family conflict of interest @SenCoryGardner .  State dept is promoting Mar A Lago!
Are you planning on changing the time, or skipping out early, since you have really shown you are willing to listen to your voters /s.
Who I believe you called at one point "paid protesters".
You avoided relevant questions @SenCoryGardner. We deserve leadership not rhetoric.  Take a stand, make a decision and show some courage.
Try FaceBook live next time and get real time reactions to your responses. Too risky?  Too real?
Listened in. @SenCoryGardner  sounds like an extremist tea-party ideaologue with media training.
I’m LIVE with my constituents! I want to hear from you. Watch online & ask questions: http://www.gardner.senate.gov/live  #GardnerTownHall 
Define extremist tea party.
Hold a live town hall. Your "in the the past I've had lots of 'em" is weak. My boss wouldn't be ok if I said "but I was at work last year!"
another  great dodge!!!
please explain this "issues on both sides"
will you be discussing the emails we get from your cousin asking us to fund the arts while you cut her funding?
true! Air  knows no state lines!
this bill would create more regulatory burden if  the rules change every 4-8 years
FBI are investigating Russian ties. Senate investigation has NO full time staffers. Who is investigating conflicts of interest, emoluments?
Seems like you and the rest of the Trump admin want to sweep the conflicts of interest, nepotism, kleptocracy, under the carpet.
"government in the way" really helped in terms of gay marriage and integration- companies and the rich would not have
oh heck no
you aren't listening to your constituents answer the question abt the 1% tax break- how does that work for everyone
yes what happens to the kids that are left after everyone else has made their "choice"
how the heck is a single mother working 2 jobs going to have time to find a charter school & fight for their kid to get in
It's called parenting.
You're not "Live" you're prescribed and safely hiding on the phone.  Come in person ... like really LIVE.
the deductibles aren't a problem in this instance- insurers are misbehaving  and refusing to pay providers decent $
the only fix for this problem is to regulate these insurers
good PR but that doesn't fix the problem- she knows her stuff his isn't a one-off situation
so are you going to vote for a budget that wastes money on trumps wall?
yes- repeatedly grill him on the conflicts of interest.
you still haven't answered this
duuuuuuude the facts are right there
I agree question asker- so much for "never again"
U must actually believe what your handlers are telling you; people in CO will forget/forgive. They are wrong!! Not going to forget anything
We need an in person townhall! I am listening and so far evasive answers. Where is the give and take we deserve! #2020
stop drawing false equivalents with Obama and trumps travel- you sound ridiculous
your constituents all agree, we don't want a kleptocracy and apparently you are fine w/ self dealing and outrageous spending
Speaking of outrageous spending, I missed your tweet when obama did it.
I am listening, of course you avoided actually answering the questions so far! You are putting party over people as usual. #2020 #wherescory
If u wanted to listen to us u wld hold an In Person town hall! Tele conferences aren't enough  #whereisCory #GardnerTownHall
Where's my call? I've signed up repeatedly. Have yet to get called on time for any. Get disconnected by your side when I am called.
Seems as though Cory might be screening his calls, has operators checking social media, or a list of "no go" folks?
nope. have a REAL TOWN HALL. at eed rocks.
There's a big difference between phone & in-person town halls! By phone you don't see the *human* reactions & emotions of your constituents
No you're not! When can we non-special interest constituents talk to you in person?
You keep using that word "live" I do not think it means what you think it does #GardnerTownHall
Let us know when you decide to part ways with the dangerous narcissistic, delusional, pathological liar in the White House -- OK?
Shove it, chicken-shit.
Hard pass; show up in person and I'll go
I registered online a few days ago but didn't get a phone call
Scratch that. Got it
Telephone town hall?  It makes it look like you are afraid of something.
No thanks.  Not interested in listening to a coward.
