What arrangements will be made for people in wheelchairs? Should they just go straight to jail or would you prefer to arrest them there?

Serious reform is needed. I do not support raising the debt ceiling. #FIGHTFORLIBERTY
We are looking forward to hearing why any Repbulican in CO should ever vote for you again

You earned an 'F' from Conservative Review
Maybe you didn't notice that Trump won the election in November.  Why do you spend so much time working against him?
Maybe because trump is a money laundering traitor who is soon to be impeached and imprisoned?
Wasting your breath on a stone age primitive JJ. Just look at the name: "@cmegalodon69" typical supporter of the #OrangeFascist
Your mixed up. Obama was the one who ruled by 'Pen and Phone'. Your Orange Fascist hasn't done anything other businessman do everyday
Well except for the collude with the russian mob thing. A lot of businessmen go their whole lives without doing that. Oh, and the treason.
Expand Medicare to all so our country can be proud to have the best healthcare in the world at an affordable price.
Senator, where is my "golden ticket" to your Lakewood town hall meeting?
Raising the debt ceiling without significant spending reform is irresponsible. Please don't! #DebtAndBudget17 #FightForLiberty
i keep telling you to do one at red rocks. every seat would be filled. it would be a national story.
That is a great idea!!!
Wow. So good to see this!
You have been smoking too much pot
You are ambitious! No way you get from Colorado Springs to Greeley in three hours on a Tuesday & show up on time. I can't wait to meet you.
He'll have a police escort. Plus I guarantee he leaves early from each place.
Or a helicopter?
Sad you are too coward to come to pueblo
Looking forward to hearing why any Republican should ever vote for you...you vote like a Dem and obviously hate Trump

#RINO
Good on you.
BLM and Others started throwing punches and spitting on peaceful protesters that is what should be condemned as racist. They are violent
Can't make it, b/c I have to work. but vote gov out of HC Un-ACA racket, twice my mortgage.Cant keep paying for others. @AAPSonline @AtlasMD
I don't want to pay taxes for the road past your house, I don't use it.
Mutually benificial taxes are fine.But i can't use my HC insurance its so high, while it pays for others that pay little to zero.Get Gov out
UHC is mutually beneficial too. Helps economy, everyone's health and safety. State UHC cheaper than private, it seems.
Noticed VA & lines/deaths in other socialized med nations lately? plus not paying for abortions & trans delusion operations. @ccm_medishare
I've noticed longer life expectancies, lower per capita medical costs, and zero personal bankruptcies due to medical costs in UHC countries.
On medico-legal matters, I'd rather decisions be guided by science rather than someone else's personal faith and moral judgements of others.
On med-legal matters, I'd rather decisions not be one size fits all by secular elitists, & all are free to chose which scientists/world-view
No Boulder Cory?
Haha... I cant believe he got that close to Denver, fat chance with Boulder, right? Wishful thinking...
Last minute? During working hours? You've got to be kidding.
Maybe you can explain why Trump attacks American citizens, including veterans, but praised Putin?
Huh???? You are delusional. Go smoke more pot
Listen 2 & follow the ppl @ the health care bill! Vote 4 what the ppl want NOT POLITICAL IDEOLOGY!
We will be there to counter your leftist garbage! You're not going to be reelected.
When pueblo?
Matters not if you Repub, demo, or bollwevill Mr Gardner.  Students n our colleges want even let our conservatives speak , never a word !!
All members of Congress should be doing the same instead of hiding and refusing to speak to voters of all types and opinions. Thank you.
Try going to areas not 90% repreSSlieKKKlown supporting you lil chickensh*t
God bless you.
We're still waiting for you to visit Grand Junction! Our #CardboardCory isn't nearly as fun as the real deal.
This man is a Rino, Colorado people please recall this propaganda spinning man #MAGA
You know, some of your constituents who aren’t retired would like to talk to you. How about a town hall not during the workday?
During the workday? Really? We have all given you this feedback already. Stop hiding.
Can you hold some in the evening?
@MesaCountyDems  How about Grand Junction! We have one set up on 8/30 and a really nice plaque to give you. Please don't get marked NO SHOW!
Come to the west slope, they'll love you, me I've my eggs out in the sun!
#corythecreep schedules all on same day to provide convenient escape hatch excuse to flee.
Thanks for your statement against racism & violence. I'm looking forward to seeing & talking to you when you do your western slope tour.
Ok, I must know: are you driving or flying from Colorado Springs to Greeley on Tuesday?
Senator, topics for you: Nuking DPRK/Invading Venezuela/Impeachment/Healthcare solutions not just repeal/Bipartisanship.
You finally realized that avoiding your constituents was really bad policy??

Thanks for voting to REPEAL ACA! Now get it reworked so we have better health care for all!
About Time
Oh....I might have to go just to watch you  get mauled!!!
3 ultra conservative venues in 1 day. Ur a Coward. Just quit. U do not have what it takes for this job. Look to @SenBennetCO as example.
You must be plenty worried, and you should be. Too little, too late. Hindsight is #2020.
See. You. There. #gardnerOUT2020
ABOUT TIME
Why not hold town hall on a Saturday when people may actually be able to come?
3 in one day? So, no time to stay and answer questions?
7:30 am in Colorado Springs? You really don't want to talk to us down here. When will you be in your CS office to talk directly to me?
I'll take time off and go to Lakewood. If your answers to my questions are circle talk or deflect I'll reclaim my time.

Thank you for meeting with the people of CO. #SaveMedicaid
Wish I could make this but I have to work.  Darn.
It's about time. Wimp.

That's a start. How about on a weekend or evening so you can actually hear from more constituents?  Don't be scared.
Thank you!
I noticed the Lakwood TH is on a private campus. How much will they control our freedom of speech?
That's not a town hall. It's in the middle of yhe day on a Tuesday
There is no way to leave work in the middle of the day to get to Greeley! Please have a FoCo event outside work hours.
He's counting on FoCo folks not being able to make it.
A Tuesday? Really? People have to work! And Colorado Springs and Greeley are conservative hot beds. What a sorry excuse of a senator you are
Why should he pander to ppl who vote Democrat? He's a Republican senator, I Dont see republicans storming Bennetts town hall's
He should go to areas with BOTH dems and reps and indys.
I assume you're doing these in the middle of the day so that you'll get as few people as possible. Too bad. Greeley is going to show up.
Aww, just like a real Senator! I'll be there, see you in Lakewood.
Any chance you'll ever visit Grand junction,  you know, that town that voted for you like 75%... ?
Colorado Christian Univ is ultra conservative. Will they allow signs on campus? Bet not. Bet you won't tell us hoping we get turned away.
CCU event center says it seats 1,100.   What time will they allow visitors?  @my_ccu
An hour previous is what Gardner's site says. 2:30
Let him know he is accountable to EVERY Coloradan and hope those of us that get in get to voice our concerns. Good luck everyone
Suggestion,4those who can get in,don't waste time booing,keep hammering with as many questions as possible and accountability.
You're still a chicken shit liar who refuse to represent his constituents.
Where's Cory
Don't let the BLUES get to you!
GOP & PINK unafils. your only friends & votes in New BLUE Colorado.
Avoid DC Rino's or, rehab them.   MAGA !
Whoa — within 50 miles of Boulder! You're getting closer...
Great! I will be there talking to you! Right now I am not impressed with this administration. Hopefully we will have a constructive chat!
Don't worry Cory, you'll do great!  It's not like you tried to take health care away from a countless number of Coloradans or anything.
Great. Tuesday afternoon on short notice. Super helpful. You really aren't familiar with how this whole having a job thing works, are you?
Awesome!

I'll be at all 3! You have so much to answer to your constituents for!
All during work hours what a joke
How an evening town hall meeting? Most of us voters are working in the middle of the day.
But are you actually going to show up?
1. It's about damn time 2. A Tuesday? From early morning to mid afternoon start times?? 3. How inconvenient for most who want to attend.
Are you planning to see your fellow rural Northeastern Colorado people?
Credit when deserved, thanks, see you there!
OMG, I guess there isn't global warming when hell's freezing over huh Senator? Was that the intent?
In person?  Or another phone conference
Sticking to heavily Republican areas I see. How about coming to Fort Collins / Boulder / Longmont?
what would be the point in that? going to places just to get yelled at by ppl who vote the opposite..#libtwits aren't that bright.
Looking forward to the meeting. How if many of those attending can be civil and hold a true discussion and not just chanting and screaming
Also: Impressed with your bravery. CoSprgs, Greeley, and a Christian college? Reeaalllly stepping outside your republican comfort zone.
Looking forward to seeing you in Lakewood. Thanks for coming out to speak with your constituents!
About time!
For like 2 minutes? Lots of miles there for one day Cory.NICE TRY ACE
Sure wish I was wealthy so I could afford to take time off to accommodate your schedule!
Thank you
Wow! It only took the arrests of 10 ADEPT protestors, 5 COS protestors & thousands of phone calls & office visits for you to do ur job?
Good luck with all the lunatics who don't work and collect free government health insurance. No way in hell that anyone  paying is happy.
Well the hope is, he can't, y'see ...
About darn time you held a town Hall!  I'll be there!
Cowardly Cory still hiding from working folks.
What about scheduling a town hall at a time that your working constituents can attend?
He's too scared!
I would love to see you come to Grand Junction! Any hope of that this recess? #westslopebestslope
Even though Grand junction overwhelmingly voted for Cory, he rarely visits GJ...alot of his support is located there, guess it's to far away
He was in Fruita and Loma at the beginning of July, so close 2 GJ, and didn't stop by. Not just the distance. Why not visit @SenCoryGardner?
I voted for this jerk, and been regretting it ever since.. my bad 
Happy you are finally having some in person town halls, however you are leaving out many of us that work during the week!
The venues are not big enough and three towns in one day is not enough. How about adding a few on Saturday?
We pay him enough to work Saturdays, like some of us have to do.
2020
I'll believe it when I see it.
What specifically are YOU doing to prevent Donald Trump from starting/provoking WW3?  P.S. You will need to work weekends.
Oh, so you DID get our emails, phone calls, snail mail, telegrams, smoke signals, etc., etc.....
You're brave!
Brave?
He works for us.
Itll be interseting. Well, interesting that the times dont correspond to what working people can get to. Imagine that
Stand tall Sen Gardner.  Only screamin dems and libs will show up.  The mass of good people voting for you will be at work MingAGA!
Wow! I'm ready.. Got lots of questions!
It's like Christmas come early. GET READY FOR WHAT THE ROCK (us) IS COOKING.
Be still my beating heart!
I'll be there. You have some answering to do.
Hey @indivisibleden wow. A miracle.
Please do expand that schedule, you are still leaving out a huge portion of the population.
Do u really think that he wants anyone @ these mtgs?Not interested in having adversely affected ppl @ mtg.
Thank you @SenCoryGardner for listening to constituents in a public forum. This is what we need and and expect from our elected officials.
Yes, and broadly not mid-morning or afternoon to deter those with 8-5 jobs. (+cc @RepDLamborn)
Please be prepared to speak on nuclear war, treason, and impeachment.
Oooooooh shit
You need bigger venues. #yourlastterm
@indivisiblefrr @CardboardCoryCO @jessicalawyer2 @COSpringsCAN @SherrieSmith3
You bout to get roasted boiiiii
Hopefully the loud,irrational, temper tantrum crowd will stay home and let adult conversation prevail.
Im pretty sure gardner deserves to be yelled at.
Maybe hold your breath too 
