Democrats & Republicans have to work together to produce better health care options. #GardnerTownHall
you need to stand for Colorado and America and NOT party.
these are true words why is #Trumpcare shit ushered in under cover of night with no CBO score?
Do you know how many Coloradans will lose coverage with the new plan? You should.
Putting more $ into insurance pockets NOT an improvement. GOP had years to think of a replacement; Trumpcare is NOT better!
Give citizens and members of Congress the same health care package, and you will truly be doing your job.
Just remember we will remember....Don't pass the replacement plan. It doesn't work
As CO voter - I'm asking you to oppose this rush replacement of #ACA, there must be transparency, it must be analyzed by CBO
you have no plan. Fix ACA's deficiencies. Quit playing politics.
this is our only chance. We can't afford Obamacare - please make it right in your vote today.
agreed. And what the GOP rolled out the other day will not work better. Please do better.
Please,Sir, let the free market have a chance.  Feds have no business managing healthcare. Need complete repeal of ACA.
Why no new tweets about AHCA? It will be bad for #Medicaid beneficiaries! I hope you haven't changed your position.
The replacement plan doesn't work better than ACA. We ask that you not approve!
The changes will hurt all of ud
2020 can't get here soon enough.   Can't wait to vote you out.
Thanks for serving as a voice of reason. Dismantling the ACA without a well thought out replacement will hurt millions
Are you replacing it with 'single payer', 'cuz that would be a better replacement. I mean, empirically.
Do you know how much insurance premiums will rise for Colorado seniors under the new plan? You should.
we must ensure pre-existing is covered like the ACA does.  You're not fooling anyone.  The GOP plan provides less
I am pro choice, There are varying circumstances where abortion choices need to be free to the person who needs it.
it is still a woman's body and choice. Not the government.
I agree. Protect prenatal, mental health, contraceptive coverage, and vulnerable populations!
I fear the rush to repeal the ACA without thoughtful work on a replacement will lead to ... http://tmi.me/1fhY0J 
fix ACA, but do not replace.
And make sure that Congress is covered by the SAME plan that you adopt for the American people.
So... is that a yes or a no on #TrumpCare? You seem to be avoiding saying one way or another.
I agree. New healthcare bill doesn't improve care. Repeal w/out true replacement is irresponsible. Please vote against.
so...only vote for a plan that increases coverage for Coloradoans...
Financial cap on coverage will destroy lives. That's one diagnosis or traffic accident = financial ruin. #healthcareISaright
#TrumpCare looks bad. @GOP wants to punish the poor, sick & elderly. Thank you for not supporting it. There's a #BetterWay
Help regain our trust in you and vote "No" on the AHCA
how come you guys didn't work with Obama?
I hope you truly mean this. As the @GOP makes the environment less safe health care will be even more important!
You're not allowed to ever call yourself "pro-life" if you support any plan that cuts healthcare. People die without it.
Well that won't ever happen by cutting taxes on the rich. You know that. We know that. You know that we know that.
that's right mate! now let's have MORE people insured than with ACA. Like, literally, EVERYBODY. Think we can do that?
particularly for the poor, the elderly, the disabled, those needing mental health care, the rural, the urban .....
or leave ACA intact and make it better. Follow the $$
EXACTLY how are you going to do that? Healthcare, AARP and others effected are not a part of the process. THIS WILL FAIL TOO
Then address health care and eliminate tax credits/breaks and govt intrusion in my health.
I hope you vote against this disastrous plan!
Thanks for finally showing up for your constituency. Under this new plan I will not get care or meds = I die.
however, your pro life statement was very OFF! Women need complete control of their body. You do not get to decide.
I appreciate your phone town hall meeting. Thanks for making the effort
your telephone town halls suck!  Get your chicken butt home and look us in the eyes!
what good is the insurance if we can't afford to use it?  #RepealAndReplace
you need to do what is right for the middle-class. $1,300 a month premiums and $12,000 deductibles are not the answer
if you just make it Obamacare "light" it will still fail. The GOP will be responsible. All of our hard work was for nothing
not get right it's a right that's the difference between your party and the Democratics
But it only works for the upper class. Asking poor people to choose between $500k in cancer treatments or an iPhone? Really?
#RepealAndReplace. This not what we want.  #RinoCare and #Ryancare are not the answer. Free markets and capitalism PLEASE
the AHCA doesn't fix the real complaints about ACA: high copays, limited networks, uncovered services. Makes them worse!
Sure, let's create a single payer system.
Single payer saves the most money, treats all, let's rich a-holes like you keep private insurance only they can afford
Too bad your friends in the House are literally passing the bill out of committee in the middle of the night.
Talk to us who work in healthcare.The R plan = Fail, will not expand coverage or make it cheaper. #realdonaldtrump is making biz richer.
and we must be sure that premiums don't increase for those in most need and the wealthy don't benefit most!
.@SenCoryGardner GOP plan is about taking health care away from the poor so high income people & corporations can get a massive tax cut.
obvious but #GOP not willing to go up against insurance, big pharma, med equip co. #fail #crooks
for who exactly? Kicking 10 million Americans off healthcare is getting it right?
Yes you do. Don't let anyone lose their insurance
Why don't you study Canada's plan for clues on what works?
Well, you bozos have had several years with nothing to show for it. Whatever you come up with will be a POS no doubt.
So when ARE you planning to actually ATTEND a town hall in Colorado, so you will know what your constituents want?
the bubble congress has caused is about to explode 20trillion I guess US keeps charging  can you do that for every long? 
That will be a great feat given where you are starting.  But thank you for saying you care at least.
Medicare for all would be a good choice.  Don't mess up our health care!!
the current health bill is a failure of epic proportions. Healthcare is a human right. It is not a talking point.
That's so funny I forgot to laugh. Because the new GOP healthcare plan is just that, laughable. But ironically not funny.
We agree on something @SenCoryGardner . Thanks for opposing the end to Medicaid expansion in 2020. #copolitics
How about removing tax breaks for health company execs? I thought replacement plan was supposed to help us not them.
it should work better, at least for the rich
proud u r not supporting current proposal.  We need to 'build & improve', & protect poor & seniors.  Current plan not close
the first step is making sure any new plan gets a CBO score before it comes to a vote - to know true costs and benefits
repair, don't replace. Stop for-profit health care.
you've been tone deaf up to now, so pleased you are seeking ACA fix. Say no to Ryan-Trump garbage plan. Must bend cost curve
Best plan for replacing ACA is a single payer system. Use the power of US pricing & purchasing just like USDOD w/ their buys
then vote against what your party is proposing.Ideology based never works.Doesn't address ACA flaws.And hurts most in need
A little humor to express something very real…
Stop trying to make retirees pay for the Obamacare mistake.
Deep sentiments @SenCoryGardner.  Maybe a rough outline of what you suggest would be helpful.  #aca #SaveObamacare
Agreed, it does need to be right. If you get it wrong, the failure will belong to Republicans 100%
I hope you are sincere.
6+ years Republicans had to work on the ACA. If it is broken, there is plenty of blame to go round. Look in a mirror.
GOP plan desperately fails older Americans. If you can't do better, then don't change it. #AgeTax
Protect Planned Parenthood, too!!
Keep trying. This one robs Peter to pay Paul & leaves our most vulnerable holding the bag. Yay. Is it 2018 yet?
My son is a client at Foothills Gateway in Fort Collins. Don't let Trump destroy his care & coverage!
you know what would work well?
THE ACA!!
GOP plan is  evil!
well that crap Ryan and his cronies put forth is hateful and will cause a lot of suffering for the middle class
if republicans hadn't withheld 2.5 BILLION from health insurance coops the ACA would have worked out better. GOP care sucks.
Doesn't look like you're off to a good start. Even AMA says it sucks.
so then you're definitely AGAINST the deplorable Trumpcare?
good luck with that, but thank you for holding firm in opposition to the current draft.
what a disappointing call. You kept saying just call my office, well, we do and no one calls us back.
I signed up for the Town Hall and never received a call or instructions to call in. What the heck!
Thank you for standing up for Medicaid.  Please stand up for the older citizen.  Current Republican plan is unaffordable
He doesn't care, Marie. Watch him vote for this, which will shaft seniors with low income.
this garbage bill is like kid who just told mom about the science project that was assigned day 1&due tomorrow! #doyourjob
It is basically the same bill-only not sustainable because the mandate is gone. Must be nice not to have to worry about it
Please specify what you mean by "works better." Thank you.
Just fix the ACA?  Pls know if you vote for this, CO will send you to the unemployment line. 80817 #unpaid
how about Medicare for all
Thus far, the plan is clearly worse than ACA.
and prior to the ACA as you yourself said. Health  plans are for profit paying out big salaries and shareholders.
this town hall is a joke. You are not listening to questions. #WeWillReplaceYou
defunding planned parenthood is not okay. One of womens *most* trusted healthcare providers.
health coops failed because the risk/loss payments were gutted in the spending bill in an effort to make ACA fail.
For all of those that lost their health care coverage, how many gained coverage under ACA?
Yes, but make sure you have a better plan than the one we've seen before repealing #aca!
Senator - I urge you to support a common sense private market / provider solution instead of more govt.
Let's fix it. Open State borders, keep the mandate, negotiate drug prices, cap exec compensation.
On target.
The prob isnt the ACA, the prob is the insur comp r in control of price & GOP wants to give even more control #FixNotReplace
..that seems expensive? How's it getting paid for? Seems fixing it might be cheaper?
The AHCA is not the fix. The ACA needs work but is a better system that want the GOP is currently cooking up.
. Repeal with an extension to come up with something that will work.
Sad how Republicans are ONLY willing to work when their guy is in the oval office.
YOU DON'T HAVE A REPLACEMENT PLAN!!!
would you be willing to switch your coverage to the one you and Congress are drafting?
new plan is a disaster resulting in higher fees, limited access for the poor and tax cuts for the wealthy.  Fix it. 80831
the tax cut = someone sold their house on top of 35% tax they paid had to pay Obamacare tax 3.8% plus state tax
AMEN!
Republicans did EVERYTHING they could to undermine and undercut the ACA. They put $$$$ over people every time. #WealthCare #PayMoreForLess
It's pretty clear that the current plan @POTUS and @SpeakerRyan are pushing doesn't work better. Have integrity, vote no.
As one of your most liberal constituents, I couldn't agree more. ACA is not perfect. Stay strong in this position please.
what protections will your plan provide for mental health and addiction?
please do have a town hall! People want to talk about this.
Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets. Or give Congress the exact same health coverage the people get.
but what would you fix with ACA specifically?
