If you are so supportive that means the rest of the country should be scared of this nomination.
I think we need to wait until the people have spoken and the next president is elected. Don't hold a hearing!
At least wait until Trump is impeached. @denverpost
REALLYYYYY????????
I don't think anyone will be well served by  SCOTUS who started a "Fascism Forever" club.
#Nyet Filibuster
No he's a terrible choice. Quit giving Chump everything he wants. Stand up for America.
You owe Merrick Garland a personal apology (and the American people). @denverpost
How much is trump paying you to be a shill for him? Is it worth losing reelection over?
Agreed. @EWErickson @denverpost
super biased for business bad pick vote NO 80121
@EWErickson @denverpost block scotus #merrickgarland
Hey, way to avoid talking about the ban, the wall, marches, the Cabinet, literally ANYTHING we've been contacting you about.
Merrick Garland would have served us better and more fairly
You changed the rules last year. Don't cry if we play by them.
#Resist
#MerrickGarland
#Gorsuch
#SCOTUS 
#RESISTANCE
- Sure, Gardner. But he is going to continue to refuse me my right to choose, just like you will.
would have been well served by Merrick Garland
do you still think we should let the people decide? Just saying.
Do better. Be better. Take care of your constituents. I don't deserve to be forced to procreate. I'm not paid by anyone.
Well served indeed.  "IT'S A COOKBOOK!"
do you understand the concept of representing your constituents - you represent all of us not just your own self interest.
#stopsessions Listen to your constituents! Stop blindly following Trump! #NoBanNoWall
How about you serve the Constitution and Americans by standing up for it and us instead of shrinking to Trump
you mean American men
@femformation They would have been better served by Merrick Garland if seat wasn't stolen by the GOP
.@SenCoryGardner @denverpost Bet it's easy for you to say that as a man. Women whose bodies & reproductive choices are at risk know better.
Gorsuch is a terrible choice.  This is bad for Colorado and bad for the United States.
Not the gay American people.
IF there is an America left Cory.  You won't like when protests hit your offices: https://www.gardner.senate.gov/contact-cory/office-locations … LEAD!
I second this question?!
but he won't serve women well.  Thank you for doing so much to take us back to the dark ages.
#neversessions
Im still pissed Obamas choice was blocked hopefully you have the balls to say no to bannon and keep us safe
Don't count on it. No extremists will be allowed on the bench. Think again.
Oh hell no.
The people would've been better served by Merrick Garland on the SCOTUS bench. #SCOTUShostage
any SCOTUS pick other than Merrick Garland will be illegitimate.
The American people would have been BETTER served if Senate had deigned to hold hearings for Merrick Garland.
He is ok because of GOP approval? What a power grab. KMA
This administration does not deserve a supreme court pick. As a resident of CO, I do not support this.
still hasn't released a statement on Trump's EOs? Seriously, guy? Resign. @denverpost
ya think?  Where does he stand on #MuslimBan?
oppose the incompetent Betsy Devos!
oppose the Muslim ban!
- nobody cares what you think about this. You're a coward. #NoMuslimBan
Cory Gardner = WRONG FOR COLORADO. He is a Trump puppet. #theResistance #colorado #NoBanNoWall
don't approve DeVos. CO, the plains, rely on public education as a fundamental cornerstone. Don't put it in the WRONG hands!
almost as well-served as they would have been had you considered and confirmed Merrick Garland.
I've been calling and emailing with no response, no on DeVos, no immigration EO etc...
as a constituent I expect you to fight to protect the rights of the most vulnerable in our community
agree and also hope you support Sen Cruz/ President Trump on Kates Law. Our nation owes her respect
can you talk about what has happened (immigrant ban) before what could happen?
Supporting DeVos and Pruitt will show your alignment with Trump and signal the end of your Co political career
except women. Thanks for your support.
clear your D.C. voicemails so that your constituents can reach you. Then we'll let you know how WE feel!
I live in Colorado and you need to respond to the #muslimban! Also vote no on Devos and Sessions! Supreme Court pick can wait, right?
I wait all weekend to hear your stance on the EO Trump signed Friday and this is what you want to talk about? #losingmyvote
No. I won't be served at all.
Just remember that it will take 60 votes.
Anyone who isn't Merrick Garland can't be nominated. Until the stolen nominee is in place, everything is blocked
how would he interpret RoeVWade?  Marriage equality?  Government interference in personal choice?
Why are you being silent and not protesting the EO on immigration?!!!!
Why don't you post this statement Senator?
Touche'
we have been calling and writing your office for weeks. We live in Englewood. No response from your office.
and how are you voting on cabinet picks? No on Devoss, No on Tillerson. Are you listening to your constituents?
you think that because he supports your views on Women's contraceptives and eroding Women's right to CHOICE?
Actually, the American people would have been better served by you fulfilling your constitutional duty when Obama nominated Garland.
We would be better served by Merrick Garland, who was nominated almost a year ago.
NO! The only thing or Congress should be working on is impeachment. No approvals until the next president.
.@SenCoryGardner No word on the Muslim ban or protests this past weekend?
Cory Gardner? Oh...you mean that 1 term senator from Colorado? BTW-my zip code is 80127.
No to DeVos
the American ppl would have been well-served by u doing ur job & having a hearing for Garland a year ago
You're sure he's from Colorado and not a paid protester from out-of-date?  Your research has been pretty shoddy on this matter.
where is your statement on the Muslim Ban?
You cannot approve SCOTUS nomination until Trump releases his tax returns and fully divests of businesses
worth a read -
how about going with your prior approach. Let's wait until the NEXT election so the American people can decide.
Seriously? This is your response to the #MuslimBan, w/ your constituents contacting you en mass? Bad call- won't forget this
maybe we shouldn't allow a SCOTUS under trump as this should have been Obama's appointee
Of more local importance, will Coloradans be well-served by #Sessions as AG? I'm not a "paid protester."
Can't wait to vote you out when your term is up
Steve Bannon, unvetted, leading NSC? Intelligence demoted. You own this lawless WH. @denverpost
Missed out on doing job in first place & confirming Obama's pick but need to vote no on dangerous cabinet @SenCoryGardner @denverpost
why isn't your phone working? What are you doing about immigration/Muslim ban?
Great, he can get in line and be nominated right after you get done confirming Merrick Garland.
Thanks for the update Cory. But the decision has already been made. That ship has sailed. Did you owe a favor?
What are you doing to fight the Neo Natzies in the Whitehouse?
Great to hear from you, Cory! Would be nice to get responses to our calls and emails instead of Tweets.
