Clinton refuses to rule out challenging the legitimacy of 2016 election http://hill.cm/0amGMZD  
You know what's wildly irresponsible? Voting to take away health cares from millions of your constituents! No on #GrahamCassidy!
How do you propose fixing #Obamacare?  It is crashing financially
If they would work with the other side of the aisle, for once, they could fix. Instead, it's repeal and replace or "let it fail"...
Obama designed it to fail....you need to own that.  Single Payor, like Socialism has never worked anywhere. Both are fundamentally flawed
Well that's just wrong and irresponsible. Most industrialized countries have single payer and it works well. Do some research bud
Name one where it works
Denmark, Germany, Australia... Hell, even Botswana has single payer and they all work. Denmark has the happiest people in the world. Lol
Thanks for the info.  You are correct, but IMO waiting months or years for an operation is not what 'works'
If you're concerned about "wildly irresponsible" and shame, speak out against #GrahamCassidy. Taking shots @ HRC is a cheap diversion.
You do realize #Obamacare crashing?
ACA is not a perfect for myriad reasons. But #CassidyGraham is like fixing broken arm by chopping it off- a nightmare that will cost us all$
It is pointless to think Twitter will affect an Establishment Republican like @SenCoryGardner 

He votes the way Lobbyists pay him to vote
Even if that's true, it's my responsibility as a constituent to show up, call, tweet, and do everything else in my power.
I want to make sure @SenCoryGardner is not Reelected.  @CoryLied @CoryLied2CO
Except he used a foreign adversary to help him cheat and then lost by three million votes, so, you know. This is pretty understandable.
Oh my...Still on Russia...Really?

According to Pew Research Hillary had 18 Million Illegals, Dead and multiple voters

And she still lost
Now that is a FAKE comment -
Obama never lied....

You can keep your Dr
You will save $2,500
You can keep your Insurance
This has nothing to do with lie you posted above.  BTW I kept my doctor, my insurance plan &  my premium was cheaper on the ACA exchange
Because you earn next to nothing or are subsidized by your employer.
@SenCoryGardner what's really irresponsible is your concern about Koch Bros. and donors instead of your constituents
You will screw Colorado and your constituents to appease the GOP donors. Your a disgrace Senator just like @POTUS. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Sorry, that the other half of the country isn't content to stick their heads in the sand.
I can think of more wildly irresponsible things you are silent on. Like making our healthcare market unstable w GOP constant repeal attempts
But what would be more wildly irresponsible than Russians meddling in our elections??
Or with Trump Jr. meeting with Russians, his goal to work with them on throwing dirt on Clinton?
Grow a pair, Cory, and listen to your constituents. We don't want your healthcare repeals. We do want accountability on Russia.
Ur remarks on Hillary and ur vote on healthcare shows ur inability to lead the great people of CO. Ur party doesn't care about me. Shame.
He only cares about lining his own pockets he is a shameful disgrace
That last election was a sham!
Why? She won.
Oh, and that raging idiot in the WH lying about millions of illegal voters is responsible? Repugs have no shame.
Lol ok, I'm so ashamed you represent my state. I will put every ounce of energy into voting you out in 2020. CO deserves better than you.
Gardner probably takes Kremlin money to pay for that goofy ass haircut of his...
Why is it that all of these right wing ppl look strange and/or have crappy haircuts? 
Same here in , last PM, a Con, had Lego hair, weird
How else can you explain @realDonaldTrump ? The election was manipulated, and you know it, everyone else knows it. You just like it this way
I know, for the greater good, we shouldn't question the legitimacy of this election, but we should at least prevent it from happening again!
Senator, if you are not investigating this and turning a blind eye to the Russian interference this last election, You should be ashamed!
Not irresponsible Cory. Must see where Russian meddling chips fall. But would be irresponsible for u to vote yes on Graham-Cassidy w/o CBO.
Thought you went to law school and were committed to the rule of law. Russia interfered w/the election. Legitimacy IS in question.
And YOU should be ashamed of refusing bipartisan participation in drafting a decent healthcare bill.
Wildly irresponsible is almost every single thing out of your party's President's mouth. So give it a rest
Hope you stay loyal to this President until you come up for re-election.
One more... it's "shameful" you refuse to meet with any women, minorities or young Coloradans.
You have backed Trump every step of the way since election. You sir have zero room to criticize others about wildly irresponsible behavior.
Who are you to talk? Talk a big game about NK, but no problem ignorantly commenting on an on-going investigation involving the entire GOP /1
Who is complicit in allowing a wanna-be autocrat who came to power via help of Russian Intelligence. /2
And not only defending his agenda, but his right to wreck the constitution, separation of powers, and take conflicts of interests to new 
You've said a lot of lame things in your career, but this is the worst. Try Focusing on Coloradans healthcare rather than defending Trump
You know what is wildly irresponsible? A bill that takes $10 from every person in #Colorado and gives it to Texas.
I could honestly go all day. Your president, party and you are the "wildly irresponsible" and "shameful" ones.
She ran cause they were going to use fraudulent votes to insure a win. Shes still reeling in disbelief of her loss! #hillaryisalooser
Shame on u 4 supporting an administration that was possibly elected by a foreign government. Protect our vote against foreign interference!
Hillary needs to get over losing, and MOVE ON....
Senator Gardner, if it is demonstrated that Russia interfered and it affected election, what would you think?
I remember Clinton saying this
At the time it appeared the election was legitimate, tRump, as always, was giving hints of the Truth
He knew damn well he was cheating...
There hasn't been any evidence of that 
And Clinton said that refusing to accept the results of the election is a threat
She is refusing to
Accept the results of the election
Clinton said she WOULD consider what to do IF collusion is proven
She accepted the results the moment she called tRump on 08/11/16
If collusion is proven the US has far bigger problems than whether Hillary accepts the results
It wd mean a hostile country controls it!
As I said there has been no evidence
Curious... what if it is discovered the Russians had a direct impact on our election?  What should we do. Honest question.
Trying to pivot like your comrade Trump?  Won't work. Vote no on Graham Cassidy.
Your weakness is your prejudice. Hillary is the competent leader where Trump is a buffoon. Get over yourself & prepresent the People first!
Every single American should be questioning the legitimacy of the election! No brainer!
What's a shame is a Congress full of shills who spend time worrying about Hillary instead of listening to what healthcare plan 60% want.
You are wildly irresponsible in your fake coy delay in deciding on Graham Cassidy. You're disgusting. Gone in 2020
@thehill so you prefer the trans-Atlantic Russian federation with an insane dictatorship?
As a sitting senator, if the evidence proves there was tampering with the election, don't you think you should be for investigating????
Oh right, you and the rest of the GOP are party before country, wrongdoing and treason are okay as long as it's a republican doing it.
Also, remind me again how much time and money was spent on Benghazi?
Not irresponsible! Why dont you worry about foreign meddling in 2016 election and join forward?
The election was illegitimate. How long should we all pretend it wasn't? There is a crazy person in the white house who should not be there
It's the only responsible thing to do. Trump cheated. Americans deserve the president we actually elected.
You've got it wrong, Cory - if there's proof RUSSIA meddled in our elections, you should be DEMANDING IT BE CORRECTED! Act like an American.
Ashamed????  A "leader" who posts videos of violence against Secretary Clinton is the one who should be ashamed!!
Why are you tweeting about this? Where are your tweets about #GrahamCassidyBill ? Something at affects #CO right now! #GrowUpSenator
How the heck can you call HRC out for that when Trump has been wildly irresponsible saying similar AND worse nearly every other day?!?
But the election was illegitimate correct? Who should call it out then? You perhaps? Anyone who cares about America would be my thought.
Wildly irresponsible? 32 million without care, gutting Medicare, no coverage for preexisting conditions!! VOTE NO! #noGrahamCassidy
Senator Gardner you should be ashamed of your self for letting Trump get away with the crap.
#CoryGardnerIsACoward
Healthcare for all doesn't seem to warrant your attention!
Maybe you should get your priorities straight. The amount of tax dollars this administration is wasting doesn't seem to bother you!
Ashamed?  She should be imprisoned by now not selling books.
It would be more wildly irresponsible for you to not defend and promote the ACA and go with the Graham/Cassidy Bill. We are watching you!
So is Russia interfering and influencing our presidential elections
Not if collusion is proven it's not. That's the ONLY legitimate reason and that's pretty obvious
You should be ashamed. Stop talking about books and do your job. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill
As usual you didn't listen to what she said. She reiterated that there is no mechanism to nullify an election. You are the irresponsible one
Did you read her book or listen to her interviews because she's pretty clear she does not intend to challenge.
No! She should not be ashamed! U can't win anything without cheating! Trump colluded with Russia. He's going down!U 2 hopefully! #nazis
Corey Gardner are you saying that a presidency won through treason IS legitimate?
Yet you support a man that was screaming that the election was rigged, BEFORE the election. Hypocritical much?
And you should be ashamed if you vote yes on GrahamCassidy. Plenty of shame to go around in the GOP these days!
Our *president* may well be illegitimate. A traitorous Russian plant. & therefore illegitimate. Let Mueller do his job-The rest will follow.
As wildly irresponsible and shameful as sentencing thousands to death with Cassidy/Graham? Nope.
Trump is wildly irresponsible - YOU should be ashamed of your voting record ALL GOP ALL TRUMP #pointyfinger
You know what else is wildly irresponsible? Voting for a bill that will cut close to $1 billion from CO healthcare for poor people. #VoteNO
Get over yourself Cory.. the tangerine tyrant in training's butthole is only big enough for so many gop noses at one time.
If the votes are found to have been manipulated I'd hope you wouldn't rule out challenging the legitimacy either. Constitution over party?
I swear I've never seen a bigger collection of cowards in one place. And I've fought radical islamists. You should ALL be ashamed
We are ashamed of you right now.. say No to the healthcare bill !
Shame on you for taking about others worry about yourself
I don't mind her selling books. You selling my country and health is your shame.
You know what's wildly irresponsible? #GrahamCassidy jeopardizing millions of ppls health on a half baked Hail Mary death bill.
Speaking of being ashamed, how are you voting on #CassidyGraham ??
One of the most accomplished, important, respected and loved figures of our lifetimes is not going 2 sit down and shut up because u say so.
It seems you haven't read the whole quote, much less the book. You are the one who should be ashamed.
Wildly irresponsible? Should be ashamed? Pot, meet kettle.
You should be ashamed of your votes to take healthcare away from constituents. Don't let us down again with this new bill abolishing ACA.
Evidence is emerging that #Russia nstalled the administration that they wanted in the United States. We have an obligation to contest that!
You willingly contribute to a government that promotes lies and ignorance. If that's not irresponsible and shameful, I don't know what is.
Also, it would be goodbye to Gorsuch!!! A man who does not respect the Constitution!
If Trumps team did conspire with Russia... And Russia did mess with our election... It is an invalid election.
No more wildly irresponsible than you and the GOP crazies supporting repeal of ACA & throwing millions off health care, ending Medicaid. BAD
LOL the president that YOU support is the one that still insists millions of illegals voted in that election. You're a dumbass.
We are watching how you vote on healthcare!
Continuing to support a President compromised by Russian intelligence is deeply irresponsible.
You need to vote no on C/G healthcare bill. Why don't you work with the bipartisan group working to fix the ACA? That's what Coloradans want
Wildly irresponsible, sir? How about a US senator from CO that only votes in line with the best interest of corporations for his own gain.
As should you for your despicable voting record on "healthcare".  DO SOMETHING FOR US!
Senator Gardner, you are the one who is being wildly irresponsible by voting to deny health coverage to thousands of Coloradans w/ACA repeal
You know what is "wildly irresponsible"? #GrahamCassidy Vote NO or we'll vote you out.
@SenCoryGardner unbelievable!  You continue to fail Colo and you have time for this? Trump is an embarrassment-Stop trumpcare, save lives.
President Trump won the election. Time to move forward for all Americans.
Senators shouldn't be on twitter telling us who should be ashamed. Official political platform and a running list of critical tasks at hand
Here's Hillary explaining why she lost.
Really but you are not ashamed of trump
we all should challenge the legitimacy of the 2016 election.
Twitter lawyers @vijaya ignore actual crimes committed,censors me & they're out 2 destroy Trump. INVESTIGATE TWITTER http://www.teapartyfireants.net/our-letter-to-president-trump.html …
Has anyone in the "press" confronted her about her statements in the subject before the election and now? BWAHAHAHAHAHA!
Really because Trump wouldnt have done the same thing? Have you forgotten the election?
What did Donald do in the campaign? And you endorsed him. You have no moral high ground to stand on. You sacrificed it long ago
What makes that lunatic think that she would become president by default even if collusion between Trump and Russia were proved?
You need to step down , you are worthless , can't accomplish anything.
I disagree.
More irresponsible than Trump?   Hardly. Stand up to Trump. Call him out. Have some Balls
Good Meme below:

https://vine.co/dc5b213d-829f-4a1f-b7f5-ea9e7936d15e …
this is your ethical line in the sand??? So everything trump has done and said is fine??? what a hypocrite
Speaking of being ashamed, you always say you're undecided about each Obamacare repeal bill, But you always vote for egregious repeal.
1000 things presidentpussygrabber has said and done that are wildly irresponsible, and you have been silent. Why the sudden sense of shame?
What, voter fraud accusations only go one way?
Let's not talk about irresponsibility, Corey. All signs point to an illegitimate president in office. Align yourself to him & you will lose.
@thehill Hillary Clinton know no shame. She's a bitter, narcissistic old hag that doesn't know when to bow out gracefully.
Y doesn't she just GO AWAY??!!!!
That was her answer,  if they found Trump and his staff had colluded with Russia,  to win the election.   I think we she all question it
R u surprised someone who was wildly irresponsible w/the secrets of country and safety of those in her service would continue her practice?
This is what you choose to speak out about? I think Trump baiting North Korea clown for clown is far more irresponsible.
Pot calling the kettle black much?  How's your super responsible guy Trump doing these days?
Health care is only 1/6 of the economy but voting on #GrahamCassidy w/o a CBO score is wildly irresponsible if done, GOP should be ashamed.
You're barking up the wrong tree, don't see why she's start now  & shame is something a person with a soul feels.
So considering doing what trump said he would do if he lost? Would you have shamed him?
She would not challenge the results of a legitimate election. If it was not, she has a duty to us to challenge them.
You're the one who should be ashamed of yourself. #CorporateShill #RoboRepublican
Know what's really wildly irresponsible? Tolerating @POTUS illegitimate election & dangerous, hateful, fear-mongering authoritarianism
Pick a side @CoryGardner CoryGardner, you represnt me & all of Colorado & its embarrassing & it is an illegitimate presidency & you know it
Especially with CNN & CBS now reporting that a FISA warrent was in play for Manafort and that the previous admin lied. Wonder if FISA 4 her?
Please pay attention to the bigger/humane issue today and LISTEN to your constituents. We do not support #CassidyGraham or #TrumpCare.
She will go to her grave fighting and screaming.
Indeed-she is off the rails-JW exposed several million illegal votes in California alone that question popular vote claim-exceeds margin
She's obviously not just "trying to sell books" and has nothing to be ashamed of. She says what any reasonable person might be thinking!

You, Sir, should be ashamed for disrespecting this lady & the loss she unfairly suffered in the election that has caused all of us grief.
Irresponsible!  You've abandoned our country!  GOP is running amok! I pray the next generation will even survive!
Who should be ashamed?
@thehill ummm ...
SHAME on YOU for letting your votes be bought!
You're shaming Hillary Clinton?
You & your Koch/Mercer cohorts force us to fight for our lives, daily! We're terrorized by you! You've lost all claim to responsibility.
Who are you to lecture ANYONE on shame?    #falsepatriot #falsemorality #coryforsale
And u r aware 2 that evidence is mounting that Russia did interfere with our election 2 HELP DJT!  And u have not said a damn thing about it
So it didn't bother you when Trump proclaimed before the election that he might not accept the election results?  My god you hypocrite.
You should be ashamed of your votes to repeal the ACA.  The elderly, sick, young, disabled you vote to let die.  That is your shame to bare.
Don't u have better things to do than tweet this childishness.  Think about your own shit that u need to be ashamed of. Town halls for one?
She's brain damaged remember.
Think Senator. Secretary Clinton won our state and has served our country since before you were born. You owe her respect and gratitude.
You mean "ex" secretary.
@SenCoryGardner not paying you to pontificate about HRC on twitter. Do your job.  Health care? DACA? North Korea? National parks? #doyourjob
-Hillary Clinton does not know how to be " ASHAMED"! She refuses to just go away! The American ppl sent her that message almost 1 year ago!

RE GrahamCassidy, people with cancer will pay $142K more/year. That is not reform. That is a death sentence. #Trumpcare
3 million people (minimum) wondering what happened. If she decides (or Mueller finds) there was indeed interference, that needs to be sorted
You should be ashamed!!! supporting a bill that could literally kill thousands.  VOTE NO #GrahamCassidy  and VOTE NO TO @SenCoryGardner
Is it really? Russians!??? What are you some kind of Communist sympathizer?
It was wildly irresponsible to collude with the Russians to effect our elections and for the Republicans in congress to go along with it.
Voting yes on #GrahamCasiddy is much much more irresponsible. Think of the negative impacts to your constituents and #VoteNo
She also acknowledged that there is no legal means available to her.
Remember how she flipped her phony lid when Trump said he wouldn't accept the outcome if'n he didn't win. And now look at her behavior.
She is evil !!
She has no shame.
Please pay attention to the Robert Mueller. This is pretty far from wildly irresponsible. trump as president is wildly irresponsibe.
So, is man-baby tRump's world-endangering speech at the UN today "irresponsible"?
Should he be "ashamed"???
BILLIONS think so.
Has the @POTUS said or done anything wildly irresponsible?  I hope you call him out for his wildly irresponsible behavior.  Rocket man?
The full quote includes "if Russian interference turned out to be deeper than previously thought". Your rush to judgment is embarrassing.
Is it more "wildly irresponsible" than trying to steal people's healthcare because you want to score political points? YOU should be ashamed
You should be ashamed to even consider voting for #GrahamCassidy and if you do we'll vote you out. Count in it.
Did you know that you represent a state that voted for Hillary Clinton?
Every day for 9 mos POTUS Trump puts us in very real danger with his rhetoric,  but Clinton is the irresponsible one?  Ha ha, that's rich.
President Trump began his attack on election legitimacy long ago. His voter irregularity committee should be ashamed.
Shame and Clinton are mutually exclusive.
Yeah.  That's almost as irresponsible as Congress trying to strip millions of health coverage.  Wait, no it's not.  Hypocrite.
Seriously, Cory? What about our democracy??? The hacking of the US 2016 election was not unique.
And what about Andrew Dunkley, your staffer, offending women right in your office? Shame.
.@SenCoryGardner an aide in y office just said women choose to have sex so tax payers shouldn't cover contraception. Do you share this view?
Irresponsible and ashamed? Check @POTUS then check a mirror! Clowns!
But you're okay with an "Election Integrity Commission"?
Now new HC bill is irresponsible. See what AMA and AARP are saying about this bill. Please fix Obama care not replace.
Interesting that you haven't said that the Trump voter Commission is irresponsible as well. To busy I guess to take on Trump. How about HC?
Irresponsible? The more we learn about the degree 2 which Russia stold OUR election, I ? it's true legitimacy. History requires the truth.
She further acknowledges that there is no mechanism 2 do anything about it, but please God, add an asterisk 2 this Presidency. Embarrassing.
The Clinton's are shameless where have you been for decades?
I know your trying to appeal to your base but Trump is a horrible person and you should be ashamed.
If you don't think there are legitimate questions about this election's legitimacy then you're being deliberately obtuse.
No more irresponsible than the Election Fraud Committee.
It's also irresponsible that you're spreading her quote out of context. I expect more from my Senators.
You're such a puppet and an embarrassment to Coloradans.  You realize you are sealing your own fate, right? NO RE-ELECTION FOR YOU!
Nice deflect. Real issue here- you are still anxious to destroy health care.  You seem to have complete disregard for your constituents.

Actually you should be ashamed that you aren't looking deeper at Russian interference. Pretty much ensuring it will happen again.
Look Cory just do you damn job and stop thinking about HRC - We are coming for you we are goin to Vote your ass out of office-
You. Are. The. Worst.
Please show where she actually said that? There is no mechanism to even do this at this point & she's not dumb
Wildly irresponsible? Like cutting millions of people off healthcare? Like that? You are SO 'one and done' Senator!
Hillary is greedy beyond the dreams of avarice, and will say/do anything for money.
