Thanks for the yes on healthcare, now I have no reason to work tirelessly to make sure that you are NEVER re elected!
And it's probably the best thing you could've done to push for single-payer system
Vote no on the Senate bill! Unclear legislation that will hurt millions of people.
Sad sellout, though not surprising. Wasn't taking any calls today either.
Don't sell us out. Vote no on wealthcare
Come on man, republicunts are all for sale and always were!
Right decision. Right guy.
I'm tweeting instead of calling your office because I'm out of the country. You just voted to take away insurance/Medicaid. Not ok for kids
Today you are going to murder millions make ins co pharm and corp wealthier and we will end your career in the senate. We promise
Are you proud of your vote to destroy our healthcare, instead of building and adjusting what we have? Your days are numbered in office!
Hey, great work voting against the best interests of your constituency AGAIN. I can't wait to vote you out of office.
How much would it cost for the people of Colorado to purchase you back? What's your price?

Should we congratulate you on this?  You are a traitor to the state of Colorado.  If only you and/or others had an ounce of @SenJohnMcCain
Come soon you will not have a job
How about some transparency? Take a position on ACA repeal. Tell us what it is. Hold a town hall. These are not complex requests.
He votes however Kansas #KOCH's tell him to do: Gardner is not for #Colorado and is not accountable to his voters. #copolitics
We must make sure to hold each and every republicunt at any and every level accountable
We hate you.
And so you voted to move forward on depriving millions of Americans of healthcare. Are you proud of this? You will rue this day, Senator.
How many times do you have to lose this before you understand what we want?
Your racism is showing!
I bet you're even prouder to vote yes and throw millions off Healthcare! Horrible Senator just horrible!
Coward - you never released any info on healthcare then vote yes.
You better #VoteNoToTrumpCare  !!!  Do not go against us!!!
Well, we found the one Coloradan you represent. 11/3/20
We need clean repeal.
2020 can't come soon enough!
You are a spineless excuse of a man. Voting to take healthcare away from Coloradans when we clearly wants you to keep and improve ACA.
A yes vote tomorrow would cost Colorado more 9 billion in lost Medicaid benefits, and bring back preexisting conditions and lifetime caps.
Will please let your constituents know how you plan to vote and what your reasoning is?
Oh, it seems he voted YES.
If you can't stand up for our most vulnerable in CO then you have no business calling yourself a United Stated Senator! @GOP #KillTheBill
He should never, ever claim to be prolife again.
Sounds more like he is a "Yes man" for oil, coal, and destroyers of our National Parks, National Monuments & natural public places.
Everything you do is overshadowed by your cowardice.
Guess you finally took a stand Cowardly Cory.  See you in 2020 when we throw your useless a** out of office.
You voted yes. You lied to your constituents. Murderer.
Please remember those who need healthcare and don't want lousy Trumpcare. Colorado will remember how you vote in 2020. I guarantee that.
Today is the last chance to save your political career.  Will you show compassion, or servitude to Trump?
Wondering if selling your soul qualifies as preexisting condition? Shame on you if you vote to rob Coloradans of healthcare! Vote no on BCRA
For crying out loud Senator, you're on the Senate healthcare committee and we don't hear a single word about that!
25 minutes before the vote which will kill Americans and you still haven't made a public statement?!
Do something you can truly be proud of, stand up for the American people and vote down this cruel health care bill.
Tell us about the healthcare debacle! Do not vote without read by and understanding how #colorado will be affected. #ACA #Healthcare

I assume he had an acceptable position on train horns. A truly critical issue to most Coloradans.
Vote No!
Also Donald Trump is a stupid diarrhea nightmare person & to side with him on anything is such a political misstep it's astounding.
Yep. @SenCoryGardner will have to run in 2020 in a state that HRC won by 5 points...
...alongside a historically unpopular president that he votes with 95% of the time.
VOTE NO ON ACA REPEAL PLEASE. Since no one answers phones in any of your offices I'm also leaving this msg here for you to ignore.
Bernhardt's only "deep understanding" is of how much $$$ he can make, first lobbying for oil&gas, and now pimping out our public lands.
Bullshit you cannot wait to sell our land off to the Koch brothers and the rest of the 1%ers who do not care about Colorado. U are a joke
Looking forward to the new heath care. #coloradocorycare  pay more get less.
@SenCoryGardner, you there? Please act like a Senator, and communicate with your constiuents! @CardboardCoryCO #TuesdayThoughts #Sessions
Hey Cory, just some advice: don't mindlessly follow Mitch McConnell into the void.
ask yr colleagues McCain & Scalise 2 release thr hospital bills. I want 2 see what great insurance covers as you choose 2 deny it 2 others.
The issue most important to Colorado right now is health care. Please do your job and vote against repeal and replace.
Vote NO on this bill drafted w/ no transparency in a backroom that guts health coverage & has a 15% approval rating. #KillTheBill
Listen to your Constituents!
We need The ACA!
Vote NO.
Constituents are literally BEGGING you to keep the ACA in place and work in Bipartisanship to fix HC.
Phone lines have been busy for 2 days!
Call his office: (202) 224-5941 Email: https://www.gardner.senate.gov/contact-cory/email-cory …   Vote No on Healthcare
https://twitter.com/ShawnHuckaby/status/889873758399352832 …
If you vote to eliminate 25% of Medicaid funding, my disabled adult daughter will lose the community opportunities provided by HCBS.
We voted you spineless worms in for repeal NO REPLACE!
It is estimated that more than 20,000 people will die each year due to lack of access to healthcare under this republican bill vote no
Nothing less than #FullRepeal #RootAndBranch.
I left you a voicemail today to please vote against #ACA  repeal.
If you vote to continue debate on this horrendous gutting of healthcare, you're going to see A LOT more protestors showing up at your office
#cronyGardner
You have spoken more words about Deputy Sec of Interior than you have about OUR #HealthCareVote
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
Vote no today, Sen. Gardner. If you care at all for your constituents in CO, vote NO. You are NOT there to rep. Trump for God's sake.
A tale of two senators. You don't answer, when I can get through your interns have no explanation for your positions. You don't protect us
@SenBennetCO has clear position statement on phone that explains he wants to work together to fix aca. One senator serves and you dont
Best vote no on health care  How about a Town Hall or your office even answering the phone #voteyouout #noACHA  #goplies #nomoreCory
Don't fall for "it's just a MTP". McConnell will smile during amendments in a 20 hour debate and just before the vote,...
...replace the bill with anything, likely full repeal. Vote will be forced on new bill with no debate, no stakeholder input,
...no consultation. Cory knows this, it's his plausible deniability for voting yes today.
(And, btw, "stakeholders" are 330M Americans, 32M of which will lose everything).
Is it leadership to vote to harm your constituents to make a point and or to support the pres? whatever happened to 3 separate branches
Your constituents DO NOT WANT THIS. Do your job.  #gardnerisafailure and does not give a shit about people. Only donors.
No one wants your shit sandwich of a piece of legislation. I have called over 100 times to no avail. You suck as a human being. Vote NO.
Still you will not say your stand on healthcare- treasonous
Vote no on repealing the ACA, Cory. 80521.
Senator, Good Morning. I was given a plan to pass a Healthcare Bill, and you are in the middle of it. How can I help you?
Are you voting today on a bill you haven't seen? How desperate and conniving do you have to be? May wanna hire more phone people.
And to take away our health care?
I am in Denver, I met Nicole, I have a plan to pass a Healthcare Bill.
Senator, Good Morning.
NOW GET IN THERE AND FIX OUR HEALTH CARE REPEAL IT START OVER
OMG! Gardner did something! Screenshot this for perpetuity.
What will your legacy be Cory? Vote no on MTP - in a bill no one has read nor reviewed. Crony govt? @SenJohnMcCain
Will cancer-stricken @SenJohnMcCain help a draft-dodger who called him a loser take health care from millions? Then this will be his legacy.
Vote NO on #deathcare bill that will kill 400K Coloradans. Why won't you tell us where u stand on this bill? A coward to the end #2020Vision
Terrible choice! Way to sell out the environment to fossil fuel interests!
We expect #FullRepeal!  Keep the gov away from my healthcare!! #NoReplace #FreeMarket #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom
Confirmed: Trump doesn't care what he signs. Senator, please don't enable this massive betrayal today. Please oppose the MTP. CO voter 
I pay a lot for Ins for my college age child, please don't vote to take her insurance away ! Please !
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/889775104036569088 …
Not proud you voted for yet another crooked Trump nominee

The only vote that really matters to this great state is the one that provides healthcare to thousands of CO residents. Vote NO
The current healthcare proposals will make things worse. Please oppose a MTP. CO voter  TY
Forget the self-promotion. Vote for the Republican "healthcare" bill and your career ends. We are all paying attention.
1,500,000 vets rely on Medicaid. Please vote NO on MTP and work on crafting a bipartisan solution. #KillTheBill
Are you actually this completely out of touch or do you just not care?
Are the poor, sick, elderly, along with our democracy, being drowned by the sewage replacing the swamp in Washington?
March 23rd, 2015 - when you apparently cared about CBO scores and Coloradans losing their healthcare #VoteNo
PLEASE VOTE NO on repeal of the healthcare bill, millions of lives at stake! Americans do not want this, we cannot be kept in the dark.

Senator, what you going to do on healthcare?  Lives are at stake but you seem to be going to vote greed, aren't you?  Why?
Vote no you seem to be enjoying your self in that office. Remember you work for me and all in co u vote yes I vote to get rid of u in office
Will you be proud to vote to take health care away from your constituents?
Why won't you ever have public town hall meetings with your constituents?? We have a lot of questions and concerns we'd love to discuss!!
Not proud to meet us? Still no LIVE, IN PERSON town hall. You're going to hide until 2020? Shame.
Hope u can be proud of ur vote tomorrow & vote NO to Motion to Proceed w/this ridiculous farce of a Healthcare Bill. CO is watching 
We will be prouder if you vote no on this silly healthcare MTP
You should vote no on the healthcare bill tomorrow.
Vote no on wealthcare!! Don't take health care away from tens of millions of Americans!!
Now VOTE NO on #trumpdontcare Comrade!
We will watch how you vote tomorrow! Vote NO!
No on motion to proceed! You guys are about to throw 22 million off healthcare and wreck 1/6 of economy! This is so wrong!
By the way, here's a few groups who oppose the ACA repeal:

American College of Nurse-Midwives

American Lung Association
American Academy of Family Physicians

Lutheran Services in America

National Health Council

Trust for America's Health
American Nurses Association

National Organization for Rare Diseases

American Heart Association

ALS Association
American Muslim Health Professionals

National MS Society

Artheritis Foundation

Cystic Fibrosis Foundation

Faith in Public Life
Friends Committee on National Legislation

Kingdom Mission Society

Network Lobby for Catholic Social Justice
Union for Reform Judaism

Sisters of the Good Shephard

The United Methodist Church

Women Heart

For it:

13% of Americans.
Nice, but PLEASE vote "no" on McConnell's bill this week! Do the right thing, Senator.
How have you not resigned yet. Your children are probably ashamed of you
It would be nice if you idiots in congress would let the free market control our healthcare. Get the govt out of it. It's called freedom!
VOTE NO. It is what the majority in CO wants and needs. Pls don't sail us down a river without a paddle with you.
Thank you for once again showing your lack of concern for my generation's future.

- A pissed off 23 yo Coloradoan
Where's Corywhat about protecting the people of CO? #killthebill
Vote no on the proposed Trump X.X plan, or straight repeal! We will stick up for you; Trump will not!
Please vote NO on GOP health care bill tomorrow. Please work on a bipartisan bill instead it's just too important for a rash & spiteful rush
Show some backbone. Prove you're not who we think you are. Vote NO on DonTCare.
Vote no on bad health bill. Then make a bill that covers everyone. Please be a good senator for Colorado!
Pls. make sure you also call... see @Celeste_pewter's stream for scripts if you need 'em. Capitol switchboard: 202-224-3121, before 2pm EST!
So how are you going to vote tomorrow? Did you have advance info? Good Grief...how about being transparent!!!!!
This process is a mockery of our democracy. Our only choice is to #ResistTrumpcare and the GOP trend towards authoritarianism we are seeing
Filling YOUR King's sewer you did #waffleking 
 http://earthjustice.org/news/press/2017/earthjustice-david-bernhardt-is-a-walking-talking-conflict-of-interest …

Where are you gonna hide tomorrow when Mitch makes you come clean??
Senator Gardner. As an independent, I urge you to vote no on the healthcare plan -- to preserve the lifeline of help to needy others.
Vote no on health care bill and repeal! We are counting on you to do the right thing.
Coloradans care much more about policy than the address of minor nominees. Vote NO on BCRA that will harm tens of thousands of Coloradans.
Is the game plan for your staff to simply not answer phones for the duration of your term? D.C. & COS - is anyone even there?
How is he going to f*ck us? If you voted for him he has to have low morals and eager to have people off health care! Any vote of urs is 
Isn't this thread about the new Deputy Secretary of the Interior? Why so many Obamacare Trolls?
Why aren't focusing on 1/5th of the economy that is up for secretive votes?
I'm having trouble finding ur stance on ACA. If u fold to Trump and vote to repeal/replace instead of listening to ur constituents, 1 term.
Next step, find a way to protect Coloradoans who need healthcare. Don't turn your back on those needing Medicare.
No Corporation Left Behind!
Wouldn't expect you to do anything that would require a spine! Good job, Senator!
Want to know how you plan to vote on whatever bill Mitch pulls out of his hat tomorrow. You were elected to serve CO, not Mitch or Trump!
My 23yr old w/health issues is terrified of losing her insurance. A plan to rip away healthcare from millions is cruel! #ProtectOurCare
The only thing we want you to tweet about is your stand on #Trumpcare. How will you vote? Are you  standing WITH your constituents?  VoteNO
How will you vote on the TrumpCare disaster?
Please think about your constituents and vote no on the GOP healthcare bill.  Please don't sell us out. Stand with brave GOP women who care.
Hey Cory, who gives a damn, Colorado is watching your vote on this POS health plan you wrote..believe this, vote wrong and your out!
Great. Health care means more. Watching what you do with that one.
Senator,you need to deliver a yes vote tomorrow on repeal/replacement of Obamacare. ACA was sold on a lie and has been disastrous for USA!
I wish there were something to be proud of from you but so far I've seen nothing.
Please vote NO on MTP on this mystery "health care" bill
I call it #StealthCare. Even as member of elite 13 men Cory had no clue what was in #bcra1. No on #trumpcare. #FixACA
Seeing as you do everything lord commander Marmalade tells you..sounds about right 
Do YOU even know what's in the healthcare bill? If you do, release it. If you don't how can you vote FOR it???
Vote NO tomorrow...
The only thing we want you to tweet about is your stand on #Trumpcare. What's in the bill? How will you vote? Are you with us? #VoteNo
Your tweets remind me of the journals I wrote at summer camp.
Please #voteno on BRCA for your fellow Coloradans/constituents.
We'll be proud of you when you finally have that Townhall!
2020
Are you proud that the current oval office occupant had the Boy Scouts boo President Obama?  Anything to say?
No one cares! Everyone wants you to finally admit you're going to betray Coloradans and vote to repeal ACA! 
Another BIG OIL BABY. Another Republican who does not care about the environment. Want kind of planet are we leaving to future  generations?
Cory Gardner you do not deserve to hold office or represent Colorado and I guarantee you your ass will be voted out on 2020!!!
Congrats
1. You shouldn't be proud of this.
2. Vote NO on the Trumpcare motion tomorrow! 
#80123constituent
Bad ratio here son. You are out of step.
VOTE NO ON REPEALING ACA
Trump Interior Dept. nominee, Colorado's David Bernhardt, called "a walking conflict of interest" b… http://dpo.st/2vBepb1  via @denverpost
does that mean you guys are going to start protecting colorado from fracking?
I demand a no vote on healthcare tomorrow. I'm a constituent and have called and can't get an answer. If you're pro-life or jobs, vote no!
And I'm outraged that you won't come out against stripping healthcare from those whose need it most, would even consider the #brca
West'nSlope will benefit from this appt. 
We moved here, to the forgotten land, 4 yrs ago from Yuma County. 
PS: stay aboard with Trump.MAGA
No on healthcare.
Have you read the bill you're voting on a MTP tomorrow? Are you a reckless @gop stooge or a senator from CO? Your constituents want to know.
Great, you're proud of yourself for voting in lockstep with Trump again. Now vote NO to taking healthcare away from millions. Please.
"Hundreds of thousands will lose their healthcare coverage if passed."
Vote against repealing the ACA
Focus on what Coloradans really care about -- vote NO tomorrow
The only vote we care about right now is #Healthcare. @SenCoryGardner we want you to vote NO! #SaveACA
Trump won't save you, Kochs won't save you. You can vote no on mtp and do the moral thing for your state and country.
Vote NO on the ACA repeal, support your constituents!  Even if you won't talk to us
@SenCoryGardner is a weak republican.  Bending his knee to @SenMajLdr and the Koch cronies here in Colorado and in Washington.
Stripping healthcare from millions of Americans because you're afraid of Donald Trump makes no sense does it??
VOTE NO ON WEALTHCARE CORY!!
WHAT ABOUT OUR HEALTHCARE
Please hear us. Vote NO on healthcare
