ANY MOC who does NOT have at least one event for people they are supposed to represent SHOULD RESIGN!!!!
Why don't you join the rest of us and get transparent on Senate AHCA.  Secrecy will get you unemployed, sir.
What about giving the Dems a chance to even review your secret healthcare bill?
Angry that @sencorygardner ignores his constituents? So are we. Follow @indivisibleden and let's work together to advocate for change.
Great, now hold an open healthcare hearing.
We share your frustration with the absent and evasive @sencorygardner. Follow @Indivisibleden: we’re working to give a voice to CO voters.

Seriously. When are white racists gonna catch a break in America?
How much of your campaign was funded by dirty money? The truth will come out.
great, please be bipartisan and vote against trumpcare
Why not join us by scheduling a LIVE, IN PERSON town hall? Why do you refuse to meet us directly? Are you ashamed? You should be.
How about joining your constituents to discuss the future of Colorado?
#absent
#CoryGardnerMustGo
Thank you! Please also stand up against bad healthcare bill!
How about a bipartisan debate on healthcare?
Start working on Trumps goals. Tired of paying congress & DC for stalling. OBCARE is nothing more than collecting 1 trillion from taxpayers
Thank you for your bipartisan vote on this - this is for America!
Congrats. Apparently, you can do the right thing sometimes. Now, meet with your consituents and stop trying to steal their health insurance.
Iran didn't bomb NYC, your Saudi friends did
Heard you also just had constituents ticketed for sitting outside your office wanting to talk to you. That should work out well for you.
You still have to answer your constituents questions about this secret healthcare activity.
Good job, Senator. Now, how 'bout standing up for your constituents and vote NO on the #AHCA? Thanks, in advance.
Where's Cory 
Now support single payer insurance and you might  actually help some constituents out!
I'm more concerned about your view on healthcare and your vote?
Thank you, sir. I will keep that in mind at the voting booth. Please relieve us of our anxiety about AHCA.
Good. Now vote no on the healthcare bill McConnell is trying to ram down our throats which will do great harm to millions od Americans.
Thank you. 
Would you also consider sanctions on the @realDonaldTrump administration? 
At least don't let them destroy healthcare.
Then PLEASE...make certain this makes it through both chambers & do NOT allow @realDonaldTrump to water it down & make sure he CANNOT lift!!
What about the healthcare bill? We are entitled to know the details in time to react! Please vote NO if info isn't related to the public now
Senator, baby steps on Russia. Now how's it going on that GOP healthcare you are hiding from us all. You are weak suck-up.
So it will be my mission to make sure you are never elected to anything ever if you vote for deathcare.  You're a coward and a traitor.
What about #ALAC  #AmericaFirst It should always be our constitution before foreign laws! #ActforAmerica 
Do what's right for constituents concerning healthcare, this includes no tax breaks for the wealthy. We're all fighting for scraps as it is.
How's the Health Care bill coming along - DON'T GUT MEDICAID it will devastate Coloradans across the board
Cool. Now hold a town hall meeting with your constituents. We have questions for you
Same group working behind closed doors on health care plan? Do you work for Iran, Russia or COLORADO?
We want to have a look at those sanctions so we can have a template when we sanction you at the voting booth in 2020.U betrayed us!
Why don't you join a bipartisan in person town hall?
Pat yourself on the back lil Cory! You did such a good job! For once.. Still want your explanation on the ISP bill. We haven't forgotten.
And do you believe the President will sign it?  I, for one, am skeptical.
warmonger 
Wait, why lump Russia and Iran together here?
Drones arguably pose a bigger threat than ballistic missiles at this point.
Stand up for our President.
Ugh.  Until you can face your own state's citizens and defend your cowardly actions, don't try to pretend you're leading the charge.
Join a strong bipartisan majority that wants to see the healthcare bill written in open session
13 men shouldn't be working in secret to remake 17% of our GDP.
We share your frustration with the absent and evasive @sencorygardner. Follow @Indivisibleden: we’re working to give a voice to CO voters.
How about joining a bipartisan effort for hearings on AHCA.  You promised hearings, Senator.
Good.  You finally did something right.
Don't talk tough when you are to chicken to even meet with your constituents
Also joining secret partisan effort to take health care from 500,000 Coloradans while imposing lifetime caps on everyone.
Good. Thank you. Now regarding HC reform: hold open cmte hearings, allow amendments to bill, hold town halls and allow floor debate. 80234
Otherwise...2020 is right around the corner.
Why such tough sanctions on your constituents with revealing anything about healthcare? Vote no if it increases rates for preexisting cond
Thanks for doing the right thing on this issue. Please now join in saving, not gutting the ACA.
#ImpeachTrump #TRUMPFORTREASON
GOP=Russians 
You must not have got money from them.
even a broken clock is right 2x per day.
That's good but please save our health care too
Now what about health care? What House and Senate Rs are doing is deceptive and flat out wrong. What are you going to do?
Now insist that Sen. McConnell open the healthcare bill to bipartisan review and cooperation! Secrecy is Un-American & Un-democratic!
Why are you writing a health bill in secret that will kill Coloradoans?
That's great! But still so much more to do. When will you meet with your constituents?
That doesn't hide the fact that you voted for and promoted #JeffSessions who is maliciously trying to destroy the #Colorado economy
That doesn't hide the fact that you voted for and promoted #DeVos and are thusly responsible for the #education cuts
Now maybe, is the time to have some open discussion on health care? It's a tough problem and won't be solved by a handful of people.
Yes! Greatly appreciated. Please continue the win streak with rejecting Trumps recent Appellate court nominations.
Thank you for that.
Cool. What are you doing about health care without taking our input?  You trying for one term only??
Thank you, I encourage you to join a bipartisan effort to keep people with pre-existing conditions insured, and to fund Medicaid.
I haven't seen the details but it sounds like good work. Now work to push bipartisan input into the healthcare discussion.
You still can't hide the fact you are not listening to your constituents and should open up he health bill process.
Soft Cory Gardner is taking a stand on Russia but he's too weak to stand in front of his constituents. Leadership it's most blaaaahhhh
Now let's see a health care bill!
Give us GOOD HC, maybe not the 75% subsidy YOU get, but preexisting cond, fair price for seniors & 23M covered. congress req to use AHCA
@TheRickWilson It's about time!! Going on another VaCa now?
When'll you let Coloradans see the Senate version of the Trumpcare bill? Did you think we wouldn't notice losing healthcare?
All because of a tinfoil hat conspiracy theory - SAD
I won't forget how you've fucked over teachers, the environment and anyone who needs to go to the doctor
Something we can agree on. Now, try doing that with healthcare. Try fixing price gouging as a first step.
the bipartisanship ! It's contagious ! Thank you for the example !
That's nice, Cory dear. Now how about releasing the AHCA text. Or are you too embarrassed? When are the hearings?
Spend less time behind closed doors and come talk to people in Colorado ... who do you represent?
Thank you Sen Gardner. Can you promise to hold adequate public review of your Senate ctte healthcare bill or are you ramming it upon us?
Please be transparent about the health care bill you're currently concocting in silence.
Is bernie sanders and rand Paul the only senators who actually read this new sanction?
Thank you and can you join your friends across the aisle to vote down AHCA? My bro has HIV. He needs his meds. Don't make him for of AIDS.
Why should we care about sanctions if you millionaires are busy stripping health care from us in the dark of night? Your priorities suck.
Oooh! Bipartisan. Glad to see you still know what that is. Now use that word w healthcare bill. Add some women and experts and work together
Are you also going to vote gut healthcare for millions to give trillion-dollar tax cut to millionaires?
As always, more worried about foreign countries than you are about us. We need healthcare for all and less access to guns.
OMG, he speaks. I have been calling him for 6 months. Talked to an aide 2 times. No town halls, met with Duarte, we get FB corn reports.
We share your frustration with the absent and evasive @sencorygardner. Follow @Indivisibleden: we’re working to give a voice to CO voters.
Won't mean anything if the House doesn't pass it as well.
Could ya walk down the street and take away the dudes phone plz?
This is your first vote out of step with @realDonaldTrump. Now please keep it up.
Where is the health care bill? What are you hiding? Why do you serve special interests and not your constituents? Shame on you!
What about our Healthcare though?!
Please do not join them in voting for the AHCA. It's a Frankenstein bill that none of you can honestly defend, and you know it.
Climbed out of the secret Healthcare bunker to vote? RELEASE THE BILL, HOLD HEARINGS.
@SenCoryGardner is prolly too busy meeting with murderous dictators
You need to impose tough sanctions on the nut job in the WH instead of supporting him every step of the way. #CountryOverParty
Great. Maybe you shouldn't have voted for Tillerson though? When is the town hall our tax dollars earn us?
