What's wrong with you? You do the EXACT opposite of what your constituents want and then act all PROUD!
I am with you sister! Resist!
You have a stunning electoral defeat to look forward to. You've angered a lot of constituents who will work to see you lose in 2020.
Are you being sarcastic?
I doubt it Senator.
Nope
Vote should've been delayed with POTUS under investigation.  Kansas vote not an anomaly.  #CountryBeforeParty
just a other Walmart lackey sucking ! No vote for you
Why do you like him? Maybe you can explain at a TOWN HALL?!? Totally out of touch. -And your constituents are paying attention. #whereiscory
Colorado has feedback for you regarding your vote on this matter and others. When can we expect an in-person town hall?
Combine was less of an embarrassment for Colorado.
There is nothing proud about it
History books will tell of a stolen seat and your name will be mentioned. Way to embarrass your great great grandkids. #SCOTUS
Thanks for your support for #JusticeGorsuch. Coloradans and all of America are proud of you.
Once again Cory Gardner says screw you to his constituents and the ideals of honor and fair play. You're an embarrassment Cory.
People who look like you have much to look forward to.
Speak for yourself. AND HOLD A TOWN MEETING. DO YOUR JOB. #whereiscory
I bet those global corportists sent u a new case of vaseline as get ready gift. U & GOP put party before country & constitution: now u pay
150 replys. 148 Hate you. 2 dont. I don't think that ratio is going to improve for you in the next few years...
Actually @SenCoryGardner we're looking forward to the day you are no longer in office bc the great state of CO voted you out #LookingForward
#ThiefJusticeGorsuch #StolenSeat
You had to change the rules to get your way, like the kid losing who takes his baseball, shame on you and @GOP you're out next election
I am sorry, but this is a ridiculous statement. What are you looking forward to? The 1950's? #Resist #2020 #ShePersists
Steal GOPsuchs.  You should be representing the blue state of Colorado not corporations. You won't get reelected.
And already making an ass out of himself on the bench!  I don't care where he came from.
Gag me with all your BS..
I can't believe the man you claim to be. You are a terrible person and can not wait till you are voted out.
He allowed himself 2 be elected on a simple majority. It shows his true character 2 want power with only half the votes.  Shame on him & McC
Congrats Justice Garland!!!! Gorsuch will always be in his shadow.
Sad day for America. Dumbo could be a SCOTUS JUSTICE, just change the rules. Sad. Now Gorsuch is illegitimate, like 45. No SCOTUS integrity
You really are an embarrassment to the state.
Why are you speaking for Colorado you don't speak for me your way off base.
Enjoy this victory now Sen. Gardner because 2020 is coming and you will answer to CO voters.
He owes it all to Mitch McConnell! He's as illegitimate as Trump!
Congressional leaders KNEW Tr mp was colluding w/Russia & even after 45 was elected,they STILL held up #MerrickGarland 's seat! GOP-complict
see you in 2020 hypocrite #2020vision
Ugh. You are the absolutely worst.
nope!
2020
Not proud - stolen #SCOTUS nominated by #POTUS under FBI investigation. U should b in CO mtg w/ constituents @ real TH. @indivisiblefrr
Can't wait until 2020! #representus
come on,u don't feel anything wrong with what u had to do to get his nomination passed.SAD
I am yet again disgusted by you and your voting the party line. Thanks for giving away our rights AGAIN with this pathetic choice.
Well I had hope for you, but this squashes it. The only way to regain my hope after this betrayal to Colorado is to impeach 45!
If Gorsuch had any integrity he would have withdrawn his nomination, and stood with Garland to protest McConnell's abuse of power. #Broken
Merrick Garland
Lots to look forward to. Unless you're a woman, or a worker, or I guess just not a corporation.
#adiosIN18 #adiosIN20 you are complicit comrade!!! 
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS More guns & government control over women's reproductive choices #StolenSeat
Like 45, you're not in touch w/ the feelings of the US majority, so perhaps like 45, u should stay off social media U don't hear us or care
This is NOT a proud day for #Congress. I have nothing but trepidation about what this native son will do to #SCOTUS, and to my rights.
#WeWillReplaceYou
As a Coloradan, I am embarrassed by both of you.
Bullshit, it's a black day for America..corporations just won, but, guess what, you wont
Justice Gorsuch does not reflect Colorado values. For that matter, neither do you.
You just elected a robot .... you must be so proud.
Stolen appointment. Republicans have shown us they are party over principles.
Yep now we have another corporate owned justice to screw the American public. By the way, when is your town hall for constituents?
Yes things like companies having more pull than citizens
#StolenSeat
There is no pride in being a theif and supporting abandoning the Constitution for donors agendas, unless you are crooked cory gardner.
Well, businesses should certainly be excited. Citizens? Not so much. (And you certainly won't be in Washington to enjoy most of his career.)
Like placing corporations above human beings, or just about voting you out of office in 2020?
It really isnt. It is shameful. And illegitimate
How can I teach students not to plagiarize? SO embarassing! #fakejudge joins #Trumpswamp
Congratulations to the #RussianJustice
Gorsuch is an illegitimate Judge elected unconstitutionally. I am a conservative and do not look forward to more of this radical insurgency.
Except neither one of your points are factual
@SenSchumer @SenMarkey @SenWarren in case you missed it. #lunaticleft loses again.
Wonder what your approval ratings are in CO?
As government falls on its face, it is time to escalate civil disobedience.
Good for Colorado and the USA
Not a proud day. The GOP stole this seat. Can't wait till 2018 and 2020. How about a in person town hall? We have A LOT of questions Senator
Do you even read your comments? This constituent is NOT happy with you.
You are a disappointment Cory. I am going to ACTIVELY work to get you out of office
You're not as safe as @RepDLamborn and he might not be either #WinterIsComing... #StolenSeat #MerrickGarland
Might have been a proud moment if it wasn't a result of a party basically refusing to do their jobs and circumventing the will of the people
I think you need to come back to CO and hold a town hall to better understand how your constituents feel about this.
Enjoy your last term in office, Cory.
Stolen office. Much like yours Cory. How do you sleep at night knowing youve sold out Colorado and its future? Hope you don't retire here.
He won't retire here. Clearly he hates Colorado.
Every tweet u make is a stab in the heart of the Coloradans who will be voting you out.
Appointment to the court by way of a stolen seat hurts our democracy. There's nothing to celebrate. Looking for your 2020 replacement now.
Thanks for screwing us yet again. Do you have a soul?? Take your fracking ass home and give the job to someone who ACTUALLY CARES about CO.

This was the message you sent to your CO constituents so right back atcha
Thank you for your fine statement Sen. Gardner!
Senator Gardner. It is not a proud day for Colorado. Justice Gorsuch is an average Jurist at best install by a Senate rule manipulation.
how about holding a town hall so we can all thank you in person?
Not a proud day at all. #gorsuch is a right wing extremist and his rulings will set our country back. #recallcory #onetermsenator
What you and your fellow @GOP did was a shameful act. 

You embarrassed America. 

The Founding Fathers would disown you. @SenateGOP
Shameful. I'm from CO and I completely disagree. Trump is also under investigation.
What is there to be proud of, exactly? #fakejudge  #stolenseat
Hostile powers want the US to be divided, polarized. Your vote for Gorsuch deepens that divide.
proud day for #agentOrange and #GOP who can only win by lying, cheating & stealing. #noHonor #noJustice #MAGA=Mafia  #tinyHands #1nDone
I don't think proud means what you think it does. Sad, shameful day that you're so happy with your stolen seat. #onetermCory
nope nope nope nope
The closer you get to Trump, the farther you get from your constituents. Your party is a #Disgrace
Please quit your job and move to Texas where there are people who will buy your BS.
Also congrats to Cory for showing he doesn't care if his constituents freeze to death in a truck. Bravo, Sir. What a hero.
Illustrating yet another way he supports corporate interests over citizens. Congrats are not in order, apologies are.
You, and your GOP friends, stole this seat. The people of Colorado will not forget in 2020.
horrific what the GOP with your support didnto get it. Clearly party over country. You are not representing CO well Cory.
Shame on you for celebrating an illegitimate and stolen seat. #2020
Snow flakes are in full force today
it's called an avalanche.
#WinterIsComing Troy. CO is purple-blue-most of CO doesn't share your sentiment @SenCoryGardner
We just keep Winning
U were elemental in perpetrating this shameful action. We Coloradans won't forget this, in a long list of harm you've done.
You cheated to confirm him! We won't miss your horrible misrepresentation of CO! Your a horrible senator! Your fired!!!!
Nah.... shameful day
you mean like frozen truckers and uneducated special needs children? tone deaf much? merrick garland. merrick garland. merrick garland.
Sad day for America and Colorado.
I'm a "U Reap What U Sow" aka KARMA person. I would NOT want that stolen seat. Way Too Much bad Karma behind it. It will get ya everytime!
Agreed!Gorsuch will never be seen as legitimate.
For the next 30-40 years his rulings will be legitimate
I have never been more ashamed of my state or senator. Shame on you for selling us out.
Well done Senator! Really proud of you!
When are you going to represent to your constituents instead of yourself?  Majority of CO see this as a stolen seat.  Stop gloating.
Couldn’t even muster 53 votes after you guys stole the seat? You’re a sham, Cory.
You guys stole the seat. Congrats!
This is a despicable celebration of a stolen seat. You have to live with this Cory and one day you will feel the full shame if it.
I am ashamed of this statement. I'm a Coloradan & could care less Gorsuch is from CO. But I do care that a plagiarist now sits on SCOTUS.
I also care that this seat was stolen. And that filibusters mean absolutely nothing to GOP.
R's did not get a mandate at election. So stop acting like Oligarchs.
R;s control the House, Senate, WH, and SCOTUS....

I think we can safely call the a "mandate"
I have never been so disappointed in our "leaders". This is a sad day for America, a sad day to Colorado. You are corrupt and you must go.
You mean like the marginalization of everyone who doesn't look like you? Is that what we have to look forward to?
What are we looking forward to again? Climate change denial? Reduction of women's rights? Lack of healthcare? More corruption?
Congrats on your willful destruction of the Senate in favor of your own party! What a day, what a glorious day!
It is a proud day to be the face of obstruction! #stolenseat
#fakejudge
