I’m proud to work across the aisle to protect our state’s natural beauty,” Then why vote Y on H.J. Res. 38?
I appreciate this and hope you'll also use commonsense and vote against Betsy DeVos & Scott Pruitt.

thank you on this, but it is time to listen to your constituents on other issues: No to DeVos,  no to Sessions
no to Muslim ban. No to Bannon. Yes to democracy, yes to checks and balances
Saw the DeVos vote. You, sir, are a lying, unscrupulous, partisan, scoundrel. I will fight you forever.
won't matter if you don't #StopPruitt
I hope you will not do a partisan vote for Mrs. DeVos. Students and teachers need your NO vote.
in rural areas the cost could be significant. Less money for public schools already in need, loss of programs.
this will not matter if you don't oppose use of the (CRA) to overturn the BLM's Methane & Natural Gas Waste Rule
He voted FOR dumping coal mine waste into streams. . Clean Water is not negotiable.
Oh Corrryyyy......  Where aaarrree you?? Haven't seen you since you ducked out of the meeting.....
you are not representing your constituents. Better start uodating your resume because this will be your last term.
Thanks for Devos.
How about showing bipartisanship and voting no to devos? Show some integrity and vote against incompetency! #VoteNoDevos
I'd like to know the answer to this?
I quote you "Colorado’s public lands are national treasures".  This is VERY important to me.  I beg you to hold the line
rise above the fray and reject Betsy Devos and her money. Unqualified!
sen Gardner. Please vote no on devos. Your children and my grandchildren deserve a person who supports pub edu
Gardner, you've never backed anyone who didn't buy you votes. Time to run and hide. We'll do a call if we need U
YOU ARE A FRAUD, LISTING TO TRUMP THAT WE ARE FAKE NEWS I GUESS YOUR AN ALEX JONES FAN GOOD TO KNOW
then join the bipartisan efforts to stop DeVos nomination too. She's grossly unqualified!!
let's see the same bipartisanship regarding #noDevos
Great while you repealed a regulation that will pollute our streams right now. Bills that if they are ever implemented...
will take a very long time to even become a law if ever and than take more time to be implemented.
This trying to appease us with empty Legislation while repealing EPA rules that will immediately negatively impact our...
environment will not work anymore.  We are wise to your political strategies. This is the epitome of SWAMP POLITICS
Thank you for backing this bill. Please vote no on DeVos and have your staff answer the phones.
Since when have any Republican ideas been common sense OR bipartisan? Obstructionist Congress #TheResistence
Thanks for supporting public lands. Please keep up the bipartisanship, support public schools, & vote no on Betsy DeVos.
Public lands don't belong to Congress!. They belong to Americans!
Please vote NO on DeVos not a paid protestor 80210
You can do more.  We can't have a science-denier head @EPA. Vote NO on Pruitt! #ProtectColorado
Thank you for working with Sen Bennet on this. We need more of this approach. Keep being moderate, please
Only money doled out is for cheap Cowardly Garbage "special interest" mouthpiece.  No one is buying your AstroTurf argument
When will you meet with your constituents in Colorado?!
What about voting no on Devos?! You're in FL with big donors and your constituents are in Denver, protesting.
what about methane emissions? Protect our water and air!
great work!
How bout you stop making excuses to ignore CO voters & vote NO on DeVos. Rise above her donations for IDEA kids
can you also rise above bipartisan garbage to vote no on DeVos?
good job guys, now block DeVos!
thank you. Please vote No - DeVos & Pruitt & Sessions. #notapaidprotester
it's about time he did something right
This is exactly what we want from both Colorado senators! Good job working together-now both VA Denver Hospital
#WomenInMyGrill & we shall remain so. Hypocrite voting for repeal of steam protections same day. Shameless. #imnotpaid
Remember you're running on a 2020 Trump ticket in a Clinton state. How about some common sense to #DumpDevos?
thank you for being part of this and helping to protect our public lands.
thank you for protecting public lands. Please vote no on DeVos.  I vote
Hey CoryGardner, I'm not a paid caller or emailer.  I'm a Colorado citizen, and I have a right to contact you.
Potus and staff have private phones to conduct govt business. Lock them up. No recording with Putin. TREASON!!!
Senator Gardner, no one pays me to contact you. Please vote against DeVos!  Education is too important!
You must RECUSE yourself from voting for DeVos because she donated $49,800 to your campaign.  Conflict of interest.
Thank you, Senator Bennett, hunters, and sportspersons for bending @SenCoryGardner's will!
Great work protecting our public lands, but you also need to protect our public schools. No on DeVos! (80521)
Keep that bipartisan mindset. Keep protecting Colorado lands #nopruitt
so I have heard back directly from Diana Degette and Bill Bennet but nothing from you despite calls, emails etc
that's great. I just called your office re: DeVos & left a voicemail. Please vote against her. xoxo

cc: @denverpost
#nobetsydevos

good work. Now listen to your constituents and vote no on Devos and Sessions. I'll be calling again today.
Collins & Murkowski listened to 100's of calls and vote NO on DeVos.  U are NOT listening to 1000s of CO voters.  (80305)
Will the streams support life, or did you vote to let coal waste be dumped in them.  COMMON SENSE
stop saying your constituents that are informing you of their interests are paid protesters. That's an insult.
CORY WILL LIE ABOUT ANYTHING , ONE TERM SEN , HE SHOULD RESIGN.
no on DEVOS
if you vote for DeVos, you will not be re-elected. Please listen to your constituents.
That's great! Now man-up and vote "no" on #BetsyDevos   Zip 80112
thank you!! Vote NO on Pruitt and on dismantling EPA!
Proud Colorado resident since 1975!  Zip 80615/80020.  Please please please vote NO on Sessions/Pruitt/DeVos!!!
I hope you choose to protect our children too and vote #NoonDeVos #notapaidprotester
good, now vote No on Betsy DeVos!  Please Listen to your constituents.  We will remember how you voted on this!
Thank you! Now please vote NO on DeVos/Pruitt/Sessions. 80234
now do the right thing and vote NO ON DEVOS! And maybe answer the phone once in a while? That would be great 
thank you for protecting our beautiful state!!!!
your constituents like when you"rise above the fray." Investigate Trump connections to Wall Street. #doddfrank
Thank You from Colorado! One other thing, please No to Devos! Protect our public schools.
did you actually vote to confirm DeVoss? I know you have been inundated by calls from CO peeps telling you NO!
thanks for this.  Please vote No on Devos
good job
Can you apply "commonsense" to vote NO to DeVos?  Your constituents implore you! Vote for children not party!! #notpaid
I just added the Senator to my "To be watched" list!
Thank you @SenCoryGardner and @SenBennetCO.
Thanks, however doesn't justify your vote to allow coal mines to dump waste into streams.
thank you Senator for taking a stand for our public lands. Apparently you got my email.
Did you vote to roll back background checks guns for mentally ill people?
Remember Columbine, Aurora Theater Shootings!


