BREAKING: Otto Warmbier, US student freed from North Korea, has died, family says in a statement released by Ohio hospital.
Be honest, your heart doesn't ache. You're using one family's grief to avoid the grief soon to be perpetrated on thousands of families #ACHA
you couldnt wait until the body was in the ground before you injected politics into this, could you?
Could've but then Cory's tweet from his political acct would've been days old and I'm sure you'd find something else to whine about anyhow.
really now? i'm the one whining here?
Yes to both questions (And now whining about not whining to deflect focus from the fact the tweet came from Cory's political account.)
and what do you call the bitch fit you're throwing now?
You on the road from whining to anger. Go4it. Refer to me with every misogynistic insult you can muster. Cory still politicized his tweet.
What was misogynistic about what I said? I basically said that you were throwing a tantrum. You injected politics, not him
Your constituents are sad you are going to destroy their healthcare. How many deaths are you going to have on your own hands. I want to live
I've got news for you. We are all going to die, sooner or later.
Typical radical republican terrorists or Russian bot. You have been reported.
Who or what are you resisting. Typical liberal that needs a safe space.
And we deserve congressional representation that reflect our values. You're not it.
If his votes now don’t reflect CO values, ours in 2020 will.
Hey, the disability advocates you had arrested and spent 2 days in jail wanted to talk to you.
That is tragic. How is it that you don't care about the untold number of people that could die due to your Trumpcare plan?
Why is it that you don't care of untold number of people who lost Obamacare b/c they could no longer afford it!
How many of the people you're throwing off healthcare will die?  Will you tweet about them?
Serious question: Do you really believe the propaganda that's spoon fed to you?
Ok, I'll bite: What part of the "propaganda" is false?   Please cite a source.
Does your heart ache for those killed by the police in America?
So 23 million screwed out of healthcare, not a word. One wacky kid on a stupid student tour gets your heart. You ARE #corythecreep
You also need to provide answers.
This didn't go super well for you eh?
What about Nabra Hassanen?
Committed by gmvt that perpetrates & tolerates abuse to ppl while fostering hate, propaganda & lack of transparency. Unreal. Familiar?
Stop saying such mean things about liberals.
"They deserve answers and justice." As do your constituents. Reveal the details of the Senate healthcare proposal #CorytheCoward
#ShowUsTheBill that wouldn't have covered him anyway, you hypocrite.
"Also - under my plan his pre-existing condition would have made it impossible to afford healthcare had he survived."
Again, no sympathy for Charleena Lyles or Nabra Hassanen? Why do you only mourn white people? #representeveryone
The American people deserve answers and justice on your plan to strip away health care to fund a tax cut for the wealthy.
Had no clue u were on 1st name basis with him. Otto probably didn't receive any healthcare while in NK. Ironic huh?
Well then, get to work and #DoYourJob Last I checked YOU are our US senator and 1/2 of the team representing us w/@SenBennetCO
271k Coloradans will loose their healthcare! We will hold you accountable!!
You will own the deaths the ACHA causes to Coloradans! Why so silent? When's the townhall? Resign if you can't face your constituents!
This isn't sad per se, it's evil, vile &murderous if this goes through.The ACHA is a death panel just waiting to kill people.It's on theGOP
How can you be OK with what is going on with the ACHA? Do you have a conscience? Stand up, be a man and say NO to the ACHA! Death  Panel!
WHY ARE WE NOT ALLOWED TO SEE the GOP ACHA BILL? This is un-American!
You who else deserves answers? We The People on your secret health care bill.
As per usual I don't expect you to stand up and inform us
It's unacceptable that @sencorygardner continues to ignore his constituents. Follow @indivisibleden: we're working to empower CO voters.
Colorado will remember this vote
Please pay no attention to the bots. Real people with a soul agree w/you. Smart enough 2 know Obamacare is done stick a fork in it.
Yes, this is sad news. Sadder yet is your part in the crafting of a law that will throw millions off healthcare. Who's side are you on?#ACHA
We're also upset @sencorygardner ignores the wishes of CO voters. Follow @indivisibleden: we're working to make sure our voices are heard.
Horrible. My eyes well at the thought of this story. 

Instead of focusing on one single family, I urge you to consider your constituents.
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few–or the one.
itching for a fight with n Korea to open gov't coffers for military contractors/pigs at the trough. you have no shame/no honor. #gop #dplrbl
We're saddened to hear that you're willing take away healthcare for 100,000s of Coloradoans. Enjoy your last term in office.
Yes, they do. And so do we! Why is the healthcare bill secret? Where is the CBO score? How dare you vote on something not publicly vetted!
Thurs Cory Gardner and Senate Repubs will vote to take your health care to give tax cut to rich. No hearing, no amendments, no comment
It's unacceptable that @sencorygardner continues to ignore his constituents. Follow @indivisibleden: we're working to empower CO voters.
Please show the same compassion to the health care of your CO constituents, Senator. Why must the details of the AHCA be kept secret?
This IS really sad. Also sad? The way you're hiding the health care bill from your constituents, like me. Do better. I regret voting 4 you.
I am a constituent, not paid. Registered independent, formerly R leaning. Likely will register D b/c so disgusted with the R party deceit.
Your conscience should ache for the deadly bill you're crafting in secret for the benefit of the ultra wealthy & big pharma.
He was brain dead when he was sent back. Horror
Vote no on Trumpcare. Any law depriving multiple millions of medical care is immoral. Older Americans, your constituents, will be hit hard.
Are you also saddened by the all the Americans that will die when the @SenateGOP takes away their healthcare?
#Obamacare did that already.
Town hall, coward
You are NOT sharing that health care plan. Why aren't there any WOMEN?? You don't care about 51% of you constituents?? Shame on you!
If he had lived could he or his family afford care?  Mine couldn't.  VOTE NO @AHCA  My life depends on it.#SaveMedicaid
That is sad, can you pay as much attention to what is happening in Colorado though!
We demand to see the Super Secret Healthcare Legislation that you will be judged on.It must really suck if you won't share anything about it
We, your constituents actually deserve your transparency on healthcare reform.
Sad. What is actually sadder is your secrecy on the health care bill which impacts millions of lives. Do you care??
oh shut up. you don't care about anything other than taking healthcare away, meeting with duterte and selling our children's education.
I agree.  We, your constituents, deserve answers about our healthcare.
Where's Cory
Health care info please.
Single payer. FEP plans
Who paid you to tweet this? It's out of character. Signed, your rural Colorado constituents who want world class health care.
"Very thankful for something else to talk about other than my plans to take away health care from millions." ~ Trump Sycophant, C.Gardner
#ShowUsTheBill you coward.
Voting no on AHCA?  Or even having a normal process debate? You are a coward if you don't stand up for the 271k COs that lose coverage
Yes, and your constituents deserve answers about what is in the healthcare bill.
It is great that he got first-class healthcare upon return. Speaking of: when are you going to host a town hall to talk AHCA w/ us?
