Report: Raped women in North Korea prison camps executed https://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2017/09/19/Report-Raped-women-in-North-Korea-prison-camps-executed/3671505836513/?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter …
You know what else is evil, the #cassidygrahambill That's really evil.
Thank you for raising your voice to protect health care for Coloradans!
Evil? You want evil... Taking away #healthcare from millions is #evil ... Look in mirror
Maybe evil,but just sensationalist news not related to nukes.  Focus on changes you can make. Stop bomb talk. Just talk.
You know what else is horrible? Pre-existing conditions like rape prohibiting people from getting health care.
If Sen. Gardner votes for #GrahamCassidy it will be in opposition to the majority of Coloradans. Thanks for speaking out!
You know what else is pure evil?  Voting for a bill that makes women decide between motherhood or rent. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy
Graham-Cassidy bill is also pure evil to my severely disabled son and families like mine! Please vote NO!!
We all agree that ACA isn't working! Stabilize the markets, then craft a bipartisan bill that works for all! This bill will kill!!
Yes...but another pure evil is what GOP latest health initiative will do to millions of your fellow citizens! #PleaseVoteNo!!
Pure evil is ripping healthcare away from those that need it the most. Where do you stand on Graham-Cassidy Cory?
ACA destroyed my health care. First time in my life I was uninsured ~
500K in CO gained coverage under the ACA.I'm sorry your insurance coverage suffered but anecdotal evidence from one does not prove anything.
#sandrabland died in police custody.Executed for a traffic viol. Should USA also be barred from UN for human rights violations? #glasshouses
You know what else is pure evil? The new "healthcare" bill that favors the insurance companies over the people who need care.
R U 1 of the senators wagging their tale 4 that $$ Koch bros R waving in front of your face? In exchange for harming millions of Americans?
Because that is also pure evil!!!
Distraction from healthcare vote this clown out
this is pure evil... all for tax breaks for a greedy segment of the 1%. that's not democracy... it's oligarchy
The Graham/Cassidy Bill is also pure evil. Vote NO on the G/C Bill and protect Coloradans and the rest of America.
It is evil so is what trump care would do to women in USA... What are u doing about that? Still studying up?
You know what else is pure evil? 
#GrahamCassidyBill b/c it PROVES @GOP cares more about $ than the American ppl. How do u live w/yourself?
Thanks for keeping the pressure on Gardner in opposition to #GrahamCassidy!
So horrible. Patriarchy. Betsy DeVos and Title IX? Drastic cuts to women's healthcare? Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy 11.3.2020

Maybe pure evil but so is this healthcare bill.....Vote No!! listen to the people listen to your governor
NK is an issue but u seem to care more about what happens to the ppl there than the ones here that you can more easily help. #GrahamCassidy
Why I am glad we have a President that stands up to evil.  This and so much like Anifa fake MSM and corruptuon in our institutions 80905
Why don't you answer your phone?
????
Perhaps you should speak up about DeVos eliminating rape protections for women on college campuses. Or does that not advance the GOP agenda?
Uh your party is the party of "well what was she wearing?". Repubs don't trust American women. Why would they trust North Korean women?
Now express your outrage at #GrahamCassidyِ and vote no. Here's a table to help you with the facts 
Thank you!! My son thanks you!! This bill will destroy his life!
Kochs pledge 400 million to GOP if they repeal Obamacare.

400,000,000 / 32,000,000 lose insurance = $12.50  

One life is worth $12.50!
Sure is. Let’s take care of our homeless & #Healthcare4All #ImpeachTrump #ImprisonTheRest
I urge you to not vote for this health bill
Republicans were.elected on repealing and replacing obama care. Do what you were elected to do.
What about the misogynistic predator and bully in the White House, Gardner? Speaking of "pure evil."  Get a pair and do something about it!
How about a free and open market for health care I haven't been able to afford it since the ACA but freeloaders get it for free !!!!
Another thing that's pure evil, Sen., is to rip away health ins from mlns of people. @AARP @votevets @PPact @9NEWS @denverpost #SaveACA @LWV
Glad to hear you find sexual assault unacceptable. I'll just leave this here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tl5HJBnPitU&sns=tw … via @youtube
Vote no on the ACA repeal #one term senator
With all respect, Stop w/ NK!
R u supporting #GrahamCassidy that will take away care & CO tax $$$ from the ppl u represent? @indivisibleden
Vote AGAINST Graham / Cassidy and quit with the NK talk!
Don't act like you're an advocate for women when you are making us all wonder whether or not you will support #GrahamCassidy
Senator, got your newsletter. Total sidestep of GOP healthcare reform again. Your naval blockade of DPRK idea is a war act.
Pure evil is the Graham health bill. Vote no, and support a bipartisan solution
Hmm. But in America if you mistreat non-white prisoners you get a pardon. Why is that?
Pure evil is the Graham-Cassidy bill. Start paying attention.
Speaking of pure evil. Say no to Graham Cassidy!
Who is the warden...I'm sure Trump would like to pardon him a la Sheriff Joe.
@UPI WTH...you do know that he current administration is committing atrocities-right? This is part of your distraction
Trump two because he has no freaking clue! He talks about fake countries. What an embarrassment and you're not any brighter.
The new Trumpcare plan is pure evil as well
Senator, these are horrible things but how about your stand on the new GOP Health bill?  Explains beyond ACA needs repeal.
answer your phone bro
Focus on healthcare. Vote no on graham bill.
Since when do you care about women? A yes vote on #GrahamCassidy would end maternity care for women, killing women. Don't vote to kill us
Thought you'd consider it fake news you twerp. Good on ya!
You should work this hard to save healthcare for Colorado!!! Vote no one #GrahamCassidyBill
Vote no on Graham Cassidy and we might listen to you.  No requirement to cover childbirth and newborn care?  Stop calling yourself pro-life.
Voting for Graham-Cassidy would also be pure evil. Decimates healthcare for veterans, women, seniors, cancer patients and more.
Everyone look over there at that shiny object as I take your health care away here. #conmancory #colorado
Your complicit silence on Trumpcare is deafening.
Listen to your better angels and take care of the injustice/corruption in this country. #GOP and #agentOrange are the legit global menace.
"To date, not one major health care industry or advocacy group has expressed support for the Graham-Cassidy plan"
Resist on health care!
Do you read the tweets? You are the worst senator that has ever been elected. You don't care about the people , rather you care about MONEY
And closer to home, are you voting NO on the Latest repeal/replace ACA bill?
You know what else is pure evil you killing your constituents to give the rich a tax cut. That is right up there with North Korea
Graham-Cassidy will cost Colorado $78 billion in the next 20 years according to an analysis by Avalere Health. From Channel 7 report.
No one cares about your idiotic views on North Korea. Your vote to repeal ACA will cost American lives.
You know what is also pure evil? Denying healthcare to Americans. Seems you have selective moral turpitude. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Oh, you have time to tweet but not time to answer our phone calls... I see.
The entire Republican party lacks legitimacy, so why don't you start fighting the corruption here at home:
Cory, tell your fellow Republicans to quit stealing our money and use it on our HealthCare like you are supposed to.
I'm glad to see your outrage towards rape. I hope you speak up to DeVos and what she is doing to title IV.
Pure evil is your health care bill
Is it really any more noble to sentence citizens to death if they can't afford out-of-pocket health care?
Yet graham Cassidy will violate millions of people's healthcare ....careful who you name as evil
We get it. Talk about domestic issues too you clown
We, the citizens of Colorado, beg you to NOT appeal Obamacare. Do not let us down. Reject this most recent attempt.
That's horrible and so is your support of #CassidyGraham which will kill Americans...
You'd better not vote yes on Graham-Cassidy. I'm one of your constituents in 80016 and I will remember on voting day.
Don't do this HC bill Cory because your job is at risk already in CO- I personally am going to work to replace you! That's a hard promise!
Hey man, you're taking away healthcare from 30 million people. We're all going to need HC at some point. So don't take the moral high ground
Agreed. Also, I'm urging you to vote against the graham-cassidy bill. Do the right thing and Colorado might take you more seriously.
I agree, but you are a Colorado Senator. Could you please address Health Care/local issues as well? Where do you stand on #GrahamCassidy?
don't throw stones in a glass house, @SenCoryGardner.
And what the Koch brothers are giving him.
If u had ur way you would deny health coverage to raped women (and sick kids and dying elderly) from Trinidad to Fort Collins. Who's Evil?
Are you aware that your health bill will hurt rape victims in this country? Say No to the bill!
Where's Coryyou are pure evil if you vote to repeal ACA.
Evil, yes. Like the #GrahamCassidy bill, which kills people to profit the rich. You serve us, not the Kochs and Mercers.
Please respond to this evil idiocy, Sen Gardner.
It is evil, but so is voting to rip away healthcare from your constituents when you have said you will protect Medicaid & pre-existing cond.
Yes. Also, taking away healthcare from millions is pure evil & just another reason you lack legitimacy to be a member of the Senate.
also pure evil is the #GrahamCassidy bill, right
Yet you want to deny health insurance to millions of Americans and do not believe health care is a human right. Hypocrite.
Another white man trying to fan the  of an unjust war. You people do anything to propagate killing. Whites are MERCHANTS OF DEATH!
Cassidy-graham bill is TERRIBLE. LIFETIME AND ANNUAL CAPS COME BACK. People will die. This GOP legislation is PURE EVIL.
Listen to your constituents Sen. #SaveACA @AARP @votevets @9NEWS @denverpost #ProtectOurCare @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski
Do right by your state and the country. No to #GrahamCassidy.
And your thoughts on the US citizens who will die when the new healthcare atrocity makes them unable to afford life saving treatment?
The same pure evil you see every morning when you look in the mirror?
America cannot be a country that allows people with pre-existing conditions to be discriminated against. WE can't afford #Trumpcare.
Yes this is evil, so is Cassidy/Graham, vote No!
The people of Colorado and the rest of the country are counting on You to protect Us!
NEWS: Colorado could lose up to $78 billion (that’s BILLION with a B) in next 20 yrs if #GrahamCassidy becomes law. http://avalere.com/expertise/life …
This is evil! So is the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill! But you supper it. Why? It will kill millions of Americans! Please explain!
Sure, that's a red herring. What's up with healthcare?  You know you're avoiding talking about it here. Raping  Co people of HC is evil  too
Knock off the misdirection. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. Those of us who haven't died penniless in the street will remember in 2018 and 2020.
I had quadruple bypass surgery in April. Your travesty of a healthcare bill will fuck me for the rest of my life.
You can show bad stuff on any country to support a bill, but shutting down communication and diplomacy with them is NOT the way to go!
Yet you are ok with trump threatening them. Pathetic
#GrahamCassidy is pure evil and you don't seem to have a problem with that. So it's ok to kill US seniors, but not N. Koreans?
Taking insurance away from poor people is pure evil. #GrahamCassidy should be barred from becoming law. Vote NO on this bill.
Pure Evil = Graham-Cassidy = Cory Gardner if he votes yes.
Women, men, boys & girls are raped here every single minute. Where is your outrage? @BetsyDeVos is now taking us backwards on Title IX
Worry about #GrahamCassidy or all the  that poured in to the @GOP or securing our next election or your next election as you are failing.
Ha! What about your friend the dictator?
Know what else is evil? Voting to take healthcare away from your poor constituents, of which I am one. #Resist
Denying health care for your constituents is pure evil. Don't pretend you give a damn about these, or any other women's, lives.
Pure evil like taking health insurance protections from pregnant women and children?
Not that I agree with you on much but we both know UN is a joke anyways
Yeah, it's outrageous. So is intentionally pulling healthcare from 32 million Americans, shill.
Horrifying. 
As is what #GrahamCassidyBill means for women particularly in "blue states". 
Step away from Koch $$$ vote #noGrahamCassidy
But this is alright from our @POTUS?
Friendly reminder from a constituent that while NK is concerning, the potential health care repeal is more concerning. Do the right thing.
&I bet the evil authoritarian doesn't provide health care for the peons. Prob'ly tries to make it harder to get. Just worthless silly women.
Where do you stand on the new healthcare bill? That hits US women really hard. Will you support us and vote no on this awful bill?
Voting yes on Graham Cassidy is no better

Let's re-think that. It's UN ITSELF that "lacks legitimacy" & Y NK situation, UN is planning 2nd Holocaust, Islamists chairing human rights.
This is a little game the 'Senator' plays: he pretends to harbor Cold War anger to disguise the fact he's a Russian bot.
Quit deflecting from the issue most urgent to Colorado. No on Trumpcare. You will get voted out. 80212
Pure evil  is Graham-Cassidy, better show us what you think of evil here in CO & US. Vote NO. Signed a constituent 80121
You know what else is pure evil?  Gutting healthcare to make a political score.
#onetermcory #yousuckatbeingasenator
If only you felt this strongly about taking people's healthcare away. You are giving some a death sentence... Just to cut taxes for the rich
Thank you for your outrage at this despicable behavior. How are you coming along on standing up for CO and voting against Graham-Cassidy?
How exactly does banning a country from the global community promote diplomacy with said country?
#NoKo should be wiped out from Global Map. #RocketMan is mad. He needs to be dealt with accordingly. Talking is over
Kinda like Trump's child rape victim(s)? Yes, that *is* evil.
what is your position on graham-cassidy?
His position is not saying anything until the vote, voting yes, then hiding again. Betcha.
Women are raped here everyday...Have you stood up for us once?  No, you just take away the healthcare we would need to recoup from this.
WAY beyond your ability to comprehend   REPLEAL THE 17TH amendment that made you fools think you're special...you're NOT !
Senator please explain why you're voting for #GrahamCassidyDeathBill It will kick millions off of insurance Why do you support a death bill?
Like you really care, what's the difference between executed or don't have health coverage while being raped and in need for help
unlike the pure evil behind stripping health care away from your constituents, NO on #GrahamCassidy
You mean they are worse than our own Joe Arpaio who forced a woman to give birth while handcuffed and received a pardon for his crimes?
Did nothing with rape cases.
Removing healthcare from citizens is even more evil.
What about all the women here in the US who will die from lack of healthcare when you inevitably vote for the Graham Cassidy bill?
Because ostracizing people works to change their behavior,& we can more easily monitor what they're doing if we have zero contact with them.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
Why don't you care about kids?? #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
