UR plan to destroy ACA, Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security are unacceptable!
http://www.denverpost.com/2016/11/09/cory-gardner-chair-national-republican-senatorial-committee/ …   I see you making moves. 2018 is not going to be a good year for you or the GOP
are any of your priorities meeting with constituents?
Repoops all got the same talking points. "too busy to meet w constituents 1st 100 days"
NO on DEVOS and I am not paid or out of state tweeter and I resent your constant statements saying this. ONE TERM CORY
NO to DeVos!!
You're why people hate politicians!Talk in circles &can't stand up to the lunatic in the White House!
And Betsy DeVost?  Say no!
I hope you say no to Gorsuch.  NOT A PAID PROTESTOR HERE.  Constituent you should be listening to.
you have the opportunity to save your job and be thanked by your constituents. Vote no 4 DeVos. Vote no 4 Sessions #resist
Come 2018.. the GOP Senate will gain more seats! There are 8 Dem seats up in Red States! Dont cave in to pressure from dems
Trump calls the shots and Gardner is there to represent Trump, not Colorado :(
will you continue to pretend that we are all paid protesters???? Stop lying and start listening!!!
Vote no on #Sessions.  He will hurt #Colorado
So any questions about Obama's SCOTUS pick?
We want you to hold real townhall meetings in all your district during the February break. Talk to us face to face.
Why are you handing out @realDonaldTrump GRAPE JUICE to ur supporters?? #PropagandaPusher
80005 who? The Fascism Forever guy? Think about your legacy. U want to be remembered for supporting fascism?
jerkoff
As a Colorado UNPAID resident, vote NO on Gorsuch.
How did you vote on Merrick Garland?  Oh wait...
I am one of the many sending email and postcards but I am not a Craigslist mercenary or a spammer.  Read mine!
- please tie youself even closer to the Donald - that way your political future is surely shot -#breibart
U should rethink your support of Trump and his picks (including Gorsuch). We're watching and we're not happy. #WillVoteUOut
We have 3 branches of Gov for a change. All of Trump's actions have been wonderful. Why WE elected him. Do not vote against
She is reporting that to get rid of protesters, you siding with them now against Trump. Now protesters are thanking you??
Nope
I dont care how many protesters you get or calls or emails. These BULLIES are ruining America. This will not work for them.
Most efforts instruct people not to call unless they are constituents, and use Twitter or FB.
no no no
Trump crony! Obvious u take ur march'g orders fm trump & NOT constituents protesting outside ur office SHAME!
Another spineless hypocrite in the GOP.
So flipping channel, saw Maddow on MSNBS talking about you. (I hate her) She says protesters are getting you to change... 1
Talk to me about tha aca!
You're voting yes on a Sec. of Edu candidate w/ no education experience, who paid-to-play?#SwampCabinet #WeDeserveBetter
perfect. As a Coloradan I will make sure to vocally and actively boycott any advertisers on their station.
that seat belongs to Merrick Garland.
Thanks for your voice against Trumps Muslim ban! Now, vote against DEVOS please! Do the right thing again!
For the sake of our children and the future of this great country, please just say no to DeVos!
Senator Gardner, Please vote No on Betsy Devo. She is not only  unqualified, but dangerous.Protect our children by voting No
awesome!  We love our future @SCOTUS but please block @BetsyDeVos our children can't afford that mistake!
how much will it cost for you to #DumpDevos ? We could start a gofundme. Maybe then you could stand up for co kids
@CBSDenver @channel2kwgn @KDVR @ABC You can't hide from your constituents forever!
http://www.coloradoindependent.com/163760/colorado-protest-cory-gardner-denver …
GORSUCK is a draft dodger!  Vote NO on GORSUCK
Gorsuch ? Betsy DeVos NO!
NO TO DEVOS. I am a registered Colorado voter! CO economy is going to be ruined with Sessions. #thanks
shame on your vote for Tillerson! Please do Colorado right with a vote no for DeVos
FYI I called again and left this message. I vote for devos is a vote NO for you!
your priority should have been blocking Tillerson!!! You're screwing your constituents.
Plse vote No on DeVos.Put kids over party politics.She's uniquely unqualified.Stripped of $ she'd be a no go, period. @SenCoryGardner
Vote NO to Betsy DeVos!!  Most everyone who cares about public schools are screaming NO!!!!
nope. Not gonna happen.
Please vote NO on DeVos Senator. She is utterly unqualified and dangerous
please vote no on Betsy DeVos! Conscience over party. She is wrong for our children.
NO!!! on DEVOS, GORSACH. Listen to Colorado!(Yo-two unmarked Twitter parody accts are out there w/your name..)
keep dodging your constituents and voting against our best interests? we'll remember in 2018, bye-bye Cory
please vote no on Devos and Pruitt. Our future needs better than both of these people
@SenBrianSchatz Follow your conscience on DeVos like @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski
please ask @SenCoryGardner why his Denver office phone is OFF, redirecting to DC office—where voicemail isn't working.
Only takes 10, 15 of us to go to his Metro Office, maybe with press, and demand a meeting. Those get got.
please vote no on DeVos. Pretend, at least,  to put kids above party.  We know you won't for Women's health
so will we be able to call in and ask why your are not listening to your constituents? @watchyourRepsCO
Support this nomination and #witholdconsent on Pruitt. Oh and #AnswerYourDamnPhone
#garlandforsvotus you stole this seat
I own Crystal River Meats, biggest grass-fed producer in CO. Coming to D.C. March 1-2. Hoping I can get an appt?
you continue to ignore the wishes of the people that put you in office. #TheResistance
When is the next Town Hall? Simple question that could have been asked.
that seat on the bench is stolen and you played a role Cory!
how about a town hall to discuss priorities...you know -for constituent input?
I second that. He won't #Scared
80206 here... we are waiting for you to respond to our concerns: DeVos, Sessions, Russia, wall, ban.
join senator Collins and senator Murdowski in opposing DeVos!
Vote for someone else next time.
the voters on Colorado are watching you. Do not follow this nuclear crap of trump. We want all our representatives heard.
Maybe DEMs will do what #GOP recommended.
Start asking Sen. Gardner the hard questions. Russia, Bannon, emoluments, ethics, cabinet choices. TOWN HALL?
- Gorsuch only cares about corporate America.  We have enough of those on the SC.
You support him because he is for dark money and for Citizens United,right?  Money that keep you afloat
It's Garland's seat. Trump and Gorsuch are stealing it and you're an accomplice. 2020 can't come fast enough.
the whole state is watching what'll happen in the DeVos and Sessions confirmations
as someone who voted for you, you need to stand up against what is happening in the White House. Don't give Trump a pass.
too late.  Gardner has no spine and is just partisan.  Party above people,  always.
most politicians are that way, not surprising. Save their own skin every time. All need to be term limited
I'm ashamed he's a CSU alum
NO to Gorsuch, Tillerson, Price, Mnuchin, Sessions..CO is watching and will c u when u r back in CO!!
And NO to DeVos. .CORRUPT AND CRIMINAL...IMPEACH TRUMP!!
cuts out at 2:07. is there another link to the full interview?
Seconded - Also having trouble listening to the entire interview.
the people of CO showed that they do not want Trump's radical agenda. Do your job.
#noDevos #nopruitt #NoSessions #notillerson
Any chance you can explain why @realDonaldTrump violently jerks the hand of Gorsuch?
Why would anyone do this to another human being?  Did DJT jerk you around like this?
Is it ok for your constituents to shake your hand like this? Would your security tackle them if they did?
I have left several messages with your Senate Office. I am NOT a paid protester. Just regular citizen of CO
as you prioritize your agenda, please take into consideration the opinion of your constituents.
