My entire family supported yours for years. SHAME ON YOU 4 letting us down when #America & #Americans need u most
please watch, ty for your service!
how could you betray Republicans?
Your whole family has let us down. WE loved you. Now we do not
Please Mr.President, Could you please tell W to come out and support Hillary. He could save our country from Trump predator
I wish u no disrespect. I & others supported ur whole family. Our Repub nominee shd be supported by ur family now! #tcot #ccot
screw the Supreme Court and the military a vote against Trump is a vote for Hillary shame on you and your family
Thank you Sir. I voted for you and your Son and have supported you through out the years. Thanks for calling D.T.
Fuck all the bushes
, I served for you and JR, extremely disappointed in your spoiled elitists' attitudes.
:  I am horribly ashamed to have voted for you and your feeble-minded son.  No wonder Reagan would not let you come upstairs
Do you want an activist agenda driven Non-Constitutional Supreme Court, what we'll get by spoiling the election!!!
voting for Clinton just ruined the Bush name and told voters what the Bush family is all about
No thanks but I hear your buddy the Clintons are unemployed and looking for something.  Just watch the cashbox
I'm disappointed in you and the old man Bush. I've been researching illuminati organization. Interesting articles.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW2U5L17lDQ … @ 6:52 YOU are one sick #devil aren't you! Having young teen age boys give you ORAL SEX! Blah blah ick
Stop Lingering! Go face your Sentencing it's for eternity #pervert A glorious day when you wither away #devilworshippers sicko
too bad you care nothing for middle class tax payers Shame on your family All of them Thin Skin
Bush Family elitists  the people have chosen a Candidate right or wrong  Republican party been good 2your family! #VoteTrump16
Are you Bushes happy to help elect Hillary for president, well your son signed a pledge, apparently that doesn't matter
sorry that Mr. Trump hurt your feelings but you should lead the GOP vote trump vote for Clinton vote corruption
TRAITOR! your family has been a plague upon us, stay w/Hillary & never refer to yourself as a Patriot.
can only think you and your family are just all criminals and have something to hide the UK are watching EVIL 
President Bush, I voted for you and your son. Please continue to support the Republican Party. We need YOU!
The Bush crime family ENDORSED the Clinton crime family who'll be prosecuted for under-age sex crimes: https://twitter.com/America_1st_/status/793604789842083840 …
@YahooNews Rot in He!! George Herbert Walker, you treasonous, globalist SOB!
have fun voting for your daughter, Hillary. birds of a feather...
Still voting Hillary???
President Reagan's alumni know how important this election is, please don't help her do this to US.
PLEASE President Bush, don't wait for the Clinton campaign to implode, come home to the Republican Party now.
Have you read my number tweets before? It must reach 52%
@usnationalguard @senjohnmccain @britisharmy It's about fence & defence! @mike_pence
Before Osama & Demons Rats take over; too late!
Time to sound off about your Hillary support George. Patriot or not, your choice.  #MAGA
I am ashamed of the rep party not supporting Trump.  Shame on you all for abandoning the party and not helping him.
loser's
Pres. Bush-I know u care about America-reach out to Trump-he could use your help-it's the Christian thing to do!
please get behind trump we have too much to lose for your children and grandchildren we are even going to lose the senate
9/11
I thought you were a great president and respect you greatly. Could you please talk to W and have him support Hillary?Bless U
@GeorgeHWBush @AmeriCorps
Blah, blah, blah

Traitor to the Republican nominee WE chose!!!
Russia is preparing for war. America has no future Bro. ..
OBAMA CAME OUT OF NOWHERE!! He had something to do with 911 and Hillary Clinton knew it! @realDenaldTrump
OBAMA CAME OUT OF NOWHERE AFTER 911. HILLARY KNEW ALOT ABOUT HIM @realDenaldTrump  #DONALDTRUMPFORPRESIDENT
I RESPECT YOU FOR NOT ABUSING YOUR POWER WHEN 9/11 HAPPENED! HILLARY CLINTON BELONGS IN PRISON WITH OBAMA
GOD BLESS YOU SIR WE ARE UNDER A TERRIOST ADMINISTRATION THAT'S WHY HILLARY CLINTON WASN'T INDICTED.
Dear Mr. President, How can you let this go on unnoticed?
Rigging the Election - Video II:  Mass Voter Fraud https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs&feature=share …
DONALD @realDonaldTrump FOR PRESIDENT.
ATTENZIONE AMERICA, QUESTI DUE DEMONI CI RUBANO: LIBERTA' SALUTE, LAVORO E FUTURO.
was a single term president for a reason, he rode in on Reagans coat tails and quickly showed the people why Ronald hated him.

But why did George Bush allow  Saudi Arabia family related to Bin BaddinTwo airline filled fly out of US on 911???
Sad , you would let personal Insults from Trump, sway you enough to vote for a Evil Lying Woman..
shame on GHWB for voting for Hillary Clinton.  just proves we need new faces in government.
Wishing you Cheer & Good Health Pres Bush! Love  You & Barbara!!!!!
so disappointed in the bush family! My whole family and friends will never vote for another bush! Your turncoats!
blood is on your hands adopt rapist clinton shameful partial birth clinton shame on you!
leaking that video of Trump was a crappy thing to do to your own party, RINO.
I think American future is in Kanye West's hand!? Osama says in the Black House!?
Black bush plans to send White bush to planet Mars by the end 2030!? Kanye West period after Will Smith!?
cpl.Scott agree with you sir,  and he is on board sir love always cpl.Scott
NO you don't! You support a Criminal (203 Federal crimes) who will do nothing for VETS.
@realDonaldTrump Squeaky clean Donald Trump could Never be promiscuous! He has been too clean to be promiscuous!
Please help me I am being satanically tortured, I would never be involved in this kind of thing please help.
With all due respect to you. George jr colossal blunder invading Iraq  hurt the Republican Party and allowed a Trump success.
it's unfortunate your last years you'll be remembered as a Traitor to the American people that trusted you for so long.
because of ypur and your unsupportive family... i am no longer a supporter of the GOP... IM 4 @realDonaldTrump NO POLITICIANS!
ask your son what's the hold up
JFK assassination
you must publicly support Donald Trump. If not Hillary Clinton will win is that what you want?
My son in law served in both AmeriCorps & in the Peace Corp after graduating from college We're very proud of him.
Hi @GeorgeHWBush #LetsTalkPrinciples about @Evan_McMullin for POTUS. Thanks! #StandUpWithEvan

@tomabrahams @AmeriCorps A true politician...we are their blue blooded pawns. Go away Bush's.
Good evening mister President. The climate has changed in the world. It is worse. We expected a difficult 2017. Kisses.
Bush name is politically dead. U can put the first nail in that coffin.
- big deal the surprise court will change because of u supporting HRC... tradition
congrats to americorp!!!!
Ave Caesar morituri te salutant !
I'm so disappointed that u put my grandkids future in Hillary hands when u know what she will to Courts & all lies she told
2bad U don't support GOP I have supported yr family for yrs now u helping 2elect Hillary when Courts future issue
Warmongers like you and Clintons should be in prison.
We will stop fighting wars for Israel when Trump becomes president #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
wtf do you mean
