she is a hard core liberal she can't stand u
looks like you're wrong.   @GeorgeHWBush @BarbraStreisand
I'm not wrong it's politically correct ass kissing pls spare me the bullshit
oh you mean being polite and respectful.
il mean serious ass kissing photo op that's all that is Barbara is an old used up has been
I bet you're fun at parties!  
The Bush family has really changed or at least taken off the mask!  Grandkids promoting PlannedParenthood, W attacking Trump!
@Purrcival @GeorgeHWBush 
Good For Them!
#WeakAssPresident
Thank you for coming ! it was so much fun spending time with you and Bar! Hope u like the sox . I love my gifts hugs Barbra
We will miss you. You have talent. You just don't rate higher than the country. Hope you come back to visit
she's not leaving, him
well that would make her a lier.
do you understand sarcasm? Anyways, trump's votes are being audited. He had t been sworn in yet
ok and you must be one of those that really think this will be flipped for crooked @HillaryClinton Lmao!!  Good luck!!
I am really loving those socks.
AS IT SHOULD BE...
THE WAY WE WERE...
get well Mr. President
Wish she wasn't a Liberal . Love  her acting , her comedy and her magnificent voice . Barbara come home
That's Wonderful!
what a wonderful picture & exchange. Classy -all.
much respect for you Mr. President. With her being a lib, I'm surprised she even spoke to u.
She doesn't respect Trump, that is far different than speaking to George HW.
happy to see your feeling better mr. president and mrs bush as well.
I rarely (OK, never) agree w/ @BarbraStreisand on anything. But her visiting GHWB = very classy move.
The ageless @BarbraStreisand & James Brolin before her fantastic Houston show. "Babs" was more gracious about my singing advice than "Bar". 
I am very jealous of your socks Mr. President
Oh look, theres Barbara Streisand getting all chummy with the Bush's.
Damn old man
So incredible for an incredible, awesome lady!
God Mel Human In Taif City 1971  . Yes Or No  ?
ابو الهول نسيت اقولك قطع الجرعة الذبابة المعفنة الكيميائية للأسبوع الثالث من جهة كوكب البيت الأبيض ها ها
ابو الهول نسيت اقولك أحلامي تقول لي أن جيوش اهلي الحقيقيون أو اصدقائي الفضايين على وشك
دخول الغلاف الجوي الأراضي من كم سنة  . خواطر السيدة ميل ها 17
لا سيد الآلهات إلا زيوس العظيم  . آمين  http://www.talalabdulrahmanll.com 
if its oriental make it bite you in the ass
Can you all give me some of the "Ageless" potion that you're all taking? I need some. @Rainmaking
yes I am the Grand Wizard of the USA, we had deal with black we'll hold but these Greek snakes and others may burn
we got a real problem with this Greek invasion. Hope you have your ears on.
boy am I ever glad I thought of that drilling tech.
You have GOT to be kidding me. @BarbraStreisand will dance on your grave.
AND THEN INVADING IRAQ!!
GEORGE HW BUSH CREATED THIS BEHEADING REALITY OF OURS BY HARASSING SADDAM TO THE POINT OF HIM SETTING THE OIL FIELDS ON FIRE
I beg of you,  speak out against Trump.  Do something, before it's too late.
I see you are still hanging out with the ultra Liberals! Assume you also voted for Hillary!
I listened many of her songs before too.  :)
Go ahead, Poppy!
Just because ppl r on opposite sides of an opinion, doesn't mean they can not be friends.
U're all just a bunch of haters. Anyway, the Bush family did not vote for Trump, so they have that in common.
Mr. President...be careful with babs...you could end up with a knife in your back!
Now what's better- her toes or George's socks?
Babs and Bar - two strong women. And James and George, two sweet men. Love this!

differing views doesn't mean either side can't be respectful of the other. People need to get a grip.
Streisand, aren't you suppose to be leaving? Time to go! You non American.
@Bush41 Love the socks!
James Brolin? At first glance, I thought that was awesome Sam Elliott. Brolin is awesome too.  Loved 'Hotel'.
you are the patriarch of white self hate.
Yeah, but the socks!
Awesome socks.
you could gave helped a little more by endorsing Hillary!
I was waiting by family Bush Mr President your son Jeb was the best for President after Hillary never Trump
glad to see you out enjoying her performance and that she made time for you and Mrs. Bush.
Classy, Mr. President.
Congrats Mr President&first Lady Barbara Bush Glad to see you well representing the good part of Republicans
y'all got Mrs. Bush feet fucked up
stop hating. This was a beautiful moment and should be left as such
Still rockin' those socks Mr. President!!
George. You blew it. You put personal ego ahead of your party and country. I lost respect for Bush family
there's something wrong with this pic.Barb said she'd leave country if George W became prez.Such a hypocrite
Must be the flip flops!!
Mr President, you age like fine wine.

Mr. President... What can we do to stop Trump? I did not always agree with you sir, but I respected you.
I was there her voice still holds an audience captive
- Wow - great pic - would have loved to be a fly in the room!  Lisa D CT
Look Who has Bush Family Ear? ????
Nice photo of you all....Politics takes a backseat finally.
wonderful moment
#Interesting pic!
When did BS ever have anything nice to say about the Bush family. Surprising.
'keeper'
: And that's how it should be #MrPresident...
But is she still in USA?  I thought she was moving to Canada!!
hope you asked her if she has a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN hat.
