That sock game on the front right is strong. Happy Thanksgiving.
they're just trying to steal HW's game. Not falling for it. He's sock king for life.
Prescott Bush bought him those socks. All that money he made back in day, with his nazi business dealings
careful with that edge
What do U mean? The wrestler? Or am I edgy? I tweeted a element of truth. What's the problem? I'm political & different
Fun facts- Prescott Bush was involved w/ the American Birth Control League, Planned Parenthood, and the United Negro College Fund.
You're WAY WAY WAY on the left. I just like truth. Truth is a difficult thing to find. Sensationalism is easy to find.
And the best for you.
The great Bush family .
I found out that you and your wife are in the hospital. I just want you to know I will be praying for you both. God Bless you!
how is your son?  the big liar.  about Iraq and nuclear weapons.
@Jeff_Allen23 WASP goals
#blessings
Prayers for you and Mrs Bush.  I hope you both have a speedy recovery.
Feel better soon! Best wishes for continued health & happiness for you & Barbara :)
what a great family and a great picture!
My thoughts & well wishes are with you, your wife, & familyMay this be another recovery that you can look back on. Prayers& 
Awesome Family thanks forward for the blessings of God and Family
ask your son George jr
My vest wishes Mr. Precedent
A PLACE FOR EVERYTHING. & EVERYTHING IN THE RIGHT PLACE...AS IT SHOULD BE! SET THINGS RIGHT!
Merry Christmas. I voted 4 yr son GW  I'm disappointing U all R not  going to Pres elect Trump's inauguration &shameful sad
get your asses to the trump inauguration
Congrats. Happy Thanksgiving Day!
Nice socks bro.
beautiful family.
hey where are the iraq's weapons?
Looks like #whiteprivelege to me
Beautiful family!
From my family to yours - I am a democrat, could always respect both parties. NOT THE NEW GUY - help!!!!!!
hopefully you will be serving your life sentence before long you evil person  !!!
glad you are getting better! I like your socks in the family photo
u have an intelligent son ,  wish u healthy and have daily
Happy late Thanksgiving!
MURDERERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
To the Blessings of Family ,Geo.-Happy.Thanksgiving to you.and Yours .
Last time I saw GHWB he was making a slicing motion across his neck RE: D.Trump. I was a big fan until I researched him. EVIL!
hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving! Bless America!! 
Big family! Happy Thanksgiving!
God Bless you and your family stay strong.
Many thanks..and many more Thanksgivings
That guy on the left made poor choices....
Best to you and family Mr President
@GWBush @JebBush Happy Thanksgiving to you & yours. My household is thankful for your service to our Great Nation.
Thanksgiving dress code: Button down white/blue shirt, kahkis, brown shoes, sport coat, NO TIES! Where is George  P. Bush?
the Bush family are always in my thoughts. Thank you for the services you have given to our country
What a family, WOW!!
You have a wonderful family with great service to our country! Happy T-giving yo you, Mr. President, and all your family!
Best wishes Mr. President.  You are a class individual in a largely ignorant and rude world.
You also God Bless!
happy thanksgiving.. i bet none of these "fools" would say anything negative to your face. #keyboardwarriors
God bless you and your family
@ChristinaCNN DID BILLY GET A JOB YET? DONOLD DID!
W pcc
W ?
u sold out the #middleclass #globalist hope u change
Beautiful family!
blue blazers - check
unbuttoned button down shirt (pale blue or white) - check
khakis - check
brown loafers - check
Are you with us in the fight for freedom?
My big cancer surgery is Monday. If I don't make it, let me say thank you now.
Godspeed Mr. Sullivan
Beautiful family. I hope for only the best for your family. Thank you for sharing. You look great!
Congratulations for all people of your dinasty, mr. BUSH. And my 'hello' to Big Brother. He is keeping the state safe&sound!!!
miss the family get-together when some of us have 20 aunt's and uncle's, desert Storm was my first one. Semper Fi.
Happy Thanksgiving George
u too
Happy thanksgiving where was George P
love you bro
Mr. President, thank you and same to you. Family is the most gracious of all God's blessings. Happy Thanksgiving.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of the Bush family.
@Nick_V_Cirillo very rare photo
God Bless you, sir.
Family is so precious.
@Isalon7D God Bless you and your family.Happy Thanksgiving
@FoxNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @welt @greta @realDonaldTrump George u forgot your IM WITH HER hat
you got some baddies in your family
@sara__sparks new goals: marry one of the men.
miss this entire family in politics. 
@Right2Liberty globalist....no more respect 4 GOP
@greta This IS Americas First Family. George W had such class not commenting on Obama.even when Obama was knocking him.
Happy Thanksgiving Bush Family
@greta Great Looking American Family. Thanks to all for your years of service
@notorious_DIT swag socks
beautiful family!
Great family picture!!  Thanks for sending it out. Happy Thanksgiving to you George and family. God bless you all.
Look at all those Hillary voters. Happy Thanksgiving!

@TXnewsmanKPRC @GeorgeHWBush
@greta  Same to you Mr. Bush and your family!! Hope you all had a beautiful blessed day!!
@greta a globalist that sold the soul of america and spawned a generation of globalist leaders
happy TG!
Will be visited your Museum first week in Dec.
America is THANKFUL for you and the entire Bush family. 
May today & everyday be blessed by God's good graces.
Jeb!
we still love him
.@GeorgeHWBush Bush 1. Last capable Republican president.
@greta ..Trator
go back to sleep. I've lost all respect for that family and the way they have backed Hillary over any republican.

oh and your a brain surgeon take a hike nimbod.
@greta  Hate to see so many people I spent a career serving. But your betrayal of DJT for a criminal like hiLIARy-inexcusable!
@greta I have no family left so this is great pic
Happy Thanksgiving Sir!
@MarcTower1 Where is Billy?
Happy Thanksgiving Day, nothing but the warmest wishes for you all.
Happy Thanksgiving to all.
in the spirit of unity, Happy Thanksgiving even though your family is Never-Trump.
@greta Hey former president George H.W. Bush, Happy Thanksgiving! It is a time to count the blessings.
@greta beautiful family. 
@greta Happy Thanksgiving to you Prez Bush & your family. God Bless
The Bush family shld send thanks 2 all Voters who saved our country frm th Lying corrupt Clintons. 
#No thanks 2 U.
Powered by Relativity my Tarot predicted election http://www.savingusall.com/Analysis.html 
@greta TRUMP
Bohemian family
@greta And for Donald Trump.
To you too Mr. President.  Boy oh boy do we ever miss the Bush's!!
God Bless you all and Happy Thanksgiving
Happy Thanksgiving and. President to you and your family!
I'm thankful for this Thanksgiving picture of @GeorgeHWBush
, God bless you & Mrs. Bush. I am thankful your son rid world of Saddam & gave 50 million people God's gift of freedom. W! 43!
Bush and Obama War Crimes Exposed—Trump Should Agree
@keethers where's billy?
Hopefully George P will get it right
@jaclip45 Love ya President Bush. However very disappointed that the Bush family blew it not supporting Donald Trump.
Happy Thanksgiving to a truly amazing and blessed family
Dear #electoralcollegevote @GeorgeHWBush --now more then ever!
Mose27:26Die Erstgeburt unter dem Vieh,die dem HERRN auch sonst gebührt,soll niemand geloben,es sei ein Stier oder Schaf;...
Very nice family. Happy Thanksgiving, Mr. President.
Happy Thanksgiving!! 
I'm  reading your biography and enjoying it.  God bless to you and all your family!
Happy Thanksgiving Mr. President!
Happy Thanksgiving!
And same to yours.
Happy Thanksgiving and please thank President GW Bush from one of his soldiers for remembering our fallen with his art
Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm sorry I didn't vote for you when you attained the presidency.  You've proven yourself to be wise, kind and compassionate.
Is George P Bush absent?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family. May God bless you all. This Texan is proud of you all!
beautiful family.
enjoy this lovely day with your family. Blessed indeed.
Same to you and the family,  Mr President.
The picture was taken in 2015. Maybe he didn't go to the party.
grateful for your family and the service and leadership y'all have provided
God bless you and yours, sir, and thank you for your service to our great country!
Blessings to your family
still the best sock game in town.  Happy Thanksgiving
@CarloCBS8 Are those little crabs on the socks?  Love it!  Happy Thanksgiving Mr. President.
Go away
@Ry_Ritch you would retweet this lmao
I am thankful for them. 
Wow. I WOULD have a great Thanksgiving if I HAD THE MONEY YOU AND YOUR FAMILY DOES!!! Share the wealth GWB.
Thank you @GeorgeHWBush! Happy Thanksgiving to you & yours - beautiful family. Very thankful for mine whom I'll be with on Saturday!
a handsome family; happy holidays..
right back at ya,Mr President!
Happy Thanksgiving, Mr. President. Thank you for your ongoing leadership and perpetual class.
God bless and happy Thanksgiving
Than you Mr. PRESIDENT. MAY THE BLESSINGS CONTINUE AND OVERWHELM EAC AND EVERY ONE.OF YOU
@RyanRMiner thanks for the retweet. Blessings on your head.
Thankful to have had your dedication to America for so many years; best wishes to all.
Dear president BUSH,I would like to thank you for liberating my country.sincere regards,
ALI FROM KUWAIT
Republican traitors.
Happy thanksgiving 
God bless you!
Happy Thanksgiving Mr. President!!
And back at you, the classiest family in politics EVER
have a word with the guy far left. Who wears a blazer AND a sweater over the shoulders? One or the other. Never both. smh
poor Jeb
Grateful to you, Mr. President! Happy Thanksgiving!
wishing you and Bush family a happy and healthy thanksgiving.  Thank you for your service to our great country.
Texaco grovball Telxyas @imajeans B O U RNEL tm brazil Tm a brasil aP
Roland Alcohol Alstom BrevIlle Tm texus
@Focaremudar  TKS
to you and yours as well Mr. President. #happythanksgiving
You should sit on a throne.
.@GeorgeHWBush
Beautiful Picture!!  Blessings to you all. I've always wanted to shake your hand.
And a Happy Thanksgiving to you, too, sir.
