@gsueagle26 Great pic of g/kids my friend:-))
@ElisaThornberri
you're a great man Mr. President!
That is your grandad
i love these pics!! you guys were sooooo adorable!!!
TY Mr.Pres 4 drawing attn 2 #ChildhoodCancer & lack of funding (<4%) from @NIH. I'm curious as 2 Y UR family isn't more vocal
Good news
@gsueagle26 Cute:-)
God bless you. I met you and your wife was being called away, she saw me and asked Would you like a picture, dear? Total class
Happy Thanksgiving, Mr. President. Our country misses Republicans like you. 
Your SR better half is IGNANT. He's so dedicated. I wouldn't fool around with any of you at such a pivotal moment. She's here with I. I know what to do.
Your one of the nicest presidents alive.
Godspeed Mr. President and Mrs. Bush. We have you in our prayers.
-Beautiful pic Mr President. Would like to Thank you/Mrs Bush f/representing us w/class. U are truly an American hero; my hero
i am honored that you were my president!!  God bless you
I hope they enjoyed the cop-a-feel line my dude
My name also happens to be Patrick too! Strange.
Happy Thanksgiving Mr. President. All the best to you and your family.
thank you for that, and have a happy Thanksgiving!
Thank you for service to our country, and being an inspiration to many.
#41 continues to inspire us
@GeorgeHWBush
How kind and loving!
666
Hello iam from Kuwait sure you remember this flag  we never forget your help for us in 1990 thanks alot
You and GWB are such honorable men. Politics aside, I really miss having decent human beings as POTUS.
such a heartwarming story. Thank You President Bush for your love and compassion.
Such a wonderful update!
How soon we forget what real class means to a nation.
God Bless you, sir,  and God bless Patrick.  Patrick, your hair WILL grow back!
cute 
lovvve it
@KellyO Two really great gents!
You look to be doing better yourself too. Happy Thanksgiving to Patrick and you, Mr President!
@jaketapper Remember back when our presidents were genuinly good, patriotic individuals?
What A Kind And Living Gesture!
老布什 总统你好。保重身体，并问候你的两位儿子好。
you are a sweet man!
#43, the classiest and most courageous President!! God Bless President GeorgeHWBush!
thank you for showing all of us how to be gracious and noble for all these years
@jaketapper I miss the real Republicans with Christian values :(
A good man :)
@jaketapper Good thing millennials like @GenChuckYeager @GeorgeHWBush @carlreiner @JohnDingell @BobNewhart & @TheDickCavett r on Twitter
you're a great man Mr Bush
@jaketapper you and 43 NEED to speak out about DJT and his authoritarian instincts. History watching (from dumpster fire)
@jaketapper I really needed this today! Thank you!
Great pictures.  Makes me smile
@bostonherald
Back when being a Republican actually meant something.
Such handsome young men! So very glad to see both looking better. A very Happy Thanksgiving to U & your families.
A courageous young man meets one of the most courageous and decent men of the greatest generation. God bless them both.
Such nice photos.
@EdMorrissey    God bless!
You are a former President one can admire for a lifetime. God bless you Mr President.
Good news!
Beautiful thing, Sir. @GeorgeHWBush
You rock;)  #GodBless both of you.
Very fine and touching. And best to you, Mr. President.
So awesome!!!  Yay, Patrick!!!!!
your service was much appreciated, enjoy your days and keep inspiring!
@chefjoseandres  saluds desde Ecuador
Im rememer those days with you as a presidente!! You looks great!
this nation is incredibly thankful for your example of servant leadership which is unsurpassed. Happy Thanksgiving sir.
May God bless you and it looks like he has. Thank you for sharing he looks great hope he is feeling great too
George HW Bush remains one of the most respectable Ppl to serve as Pres... & underrated (including raising taxes when needed)
Bless Patrick, and bless you, Mr. President..
looking good Mr. President.
Mr. President, you are a great role model for people of all ages. Best wishes for a wonderful Thanksgiving with the family.
Thanks for sharing always with dignity. Wishing you & Mrs Bush Healthy Happy Thanksgiving 
God bless you both.
age is when we laugh the most.
You're an excellent role model for all Americans, Mr. President.  Happy Thanksgiving to you and Mrs . Bush.
OLD GEORGE IS A DISGRACE. HE HOBBLED INTO THE WHITE HOUSE THE MOST INCOMPETENT PRESIDENT EVER AND OUR COUNTRY IS DAMAGED!
looking good Mr. President and young sir!

@DanaPerino LOVE 41.. and 43
- Thankful that U were our President.  You are an American hero and inspire us all to try and make the world a better place.
@NYCdisinterest ok, now u see http://who.you  really are
Warmy pic. So true&magneting. Flowers&2 carefree friends!
@DanaPerino
God bless you!
God bless you both!
Good looking gentlemen there.
Please save us GHWB! We'd take Jeb in a NY minute now!
@DanaPerino 
@DanaPerino you are a class act! God bless president Bush.
@DanaPerino  Mr. President. You truly are one awesome individual. Thank you so much for all you have done for America.
Mr President you will always be the most moral, ethical and person of class to ever hold the office. Bless you!!
@DanaPerino just the best soul to have graced the Office of President of the United States.
@DanaPerino #ZeroTaxes30K
Dear MR President's Senior and Junior.  Thank for serving our Country in many ways.  You are the greatest.  I salute you.
@DanaPerino Prayers, hugs, and continued Blessings!
@DanaPerino you're a great man GHWB
Bushes voted for Hillary.  Should leave the country.  Sorry I voted for them
@DanaPerino way to go George and Patrick.
@mfg5ues I'm biting my tongue because you have a baby on your lap
hahaha
:)
.  Super good to see Patrick doing well!
@KellyO #inspirational
(Sir? He's on your right.)
@PoliticusSarah 

Have a nice Thanksgiving
natural Leaders always lead by example ..great to see he's doing well
What happened to GHW Bush's hair?
Awesome!!!
@PoliticusSarah At long last A Bush to lend legitimacy to the Chump catastrophe. Where's GW? Playing Picasso?
@PoliticusSarah I miss your decency Mr President
@KellyO sweet!
love
Your just another man to me George. You failed your party in a big way...as your son's did.
NP.
That's awesome. Hope you, your beautiful wife and your whole family have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Judges14:10His father went down to the woman,and Samson made a fear there as the young men were accustomed to do.
Thank you, Mr. President. I know you lost a child to cancer, as my parents did in '71. Wonderful to see kids today beating it!
@jenjen410 awesome.  Great man. Great family.
Hello out to Sr. GBush.  Thank you 4 make this nation great to this day.  God bless you & your family...Stay young, too.
awesome
L
Class
#EW #PEDOBEAR ALERT
Simply beautiful. Thank you for sharing!
God bless you both. Happy Thanksgiving to the Bush family.
@CourtProf Mr. President: you both look absolutely gorgeous. Good health & long lives to you both.
great news, very cool indeed....
That's so great!!  Glad to see he's doing well!  Lots to give thanks for! 
#America is thankful 4 U!
May God's blessings be
w/u this #Thanksgiving &
ALWAYS!
omg 
You still are an inspirational leader.
long live the #newworldorder #pizzagateDay1
and no there is something about Jeb that disturbs me.
it is how we shape ourselves and how we like others to see us...Tools that Jeb used you need to throw away!
You're the best! 
that means long live with your life Young Sir! Mr. President.
may a crow feather never be found in any reach of this GeorgeHWBush.

God bless you President Bush.

Kids lucky. He took a little pic with one of the U.S presidents
thank you George 
nice
