.. Hello Mr President..i know this is off the subject..I saw your twitter war on Real Time: very witty..you've still got it!
respect you even more because you are choosing country over party!
Are you really voting for Hillary??  I hope that's just a rumor.  The Republican party needs to stand together.
It needs to stand together against Trump. Is he really a man worthy to succeed Lincoln?
please disclose ufo information george. Please. Yur my fav. Pres. .. not gonna do it? Wdnt be prudent?
only Republican  President  I have ever voted for.
Only reason why you became President was because of Reagan. Werent conservative then, and voting HS shows colors now.
Hey RINO, I can't believe you're supporting Hillary, low energy Jeb broke his word to America, not right
Glad you tweeted this and am sure you're there in spirit, alongside George W. and @POTUS. Thanks for caring.
All you have to do is leave the #deplorablebasket to feel American again!  Go ahead, you'll feel better!
ignore the Trump trolls.
@nickconfessore @NMAAHC You are what is best about our country.
greatest living American
you are very missed but it is certainly UNDERSTOOD! Take care.
love you and Barbara.
Your family's LOVE of @HillaryClinton has ruined UR legacy. Was a supporter of the Bush family. You have all disappointed me.
I had respect for you untill i read you were voting for Hillary. What a betrayal to all Republicans
Thank you again and Barbara for bring true Americans . I know everyone has the right to speak or not. Thank you
You are a class act.
God Bless you, Mr President!
vote #NeverHillary
Look!
Don't worry Mr. President, I missed it too lol
@m_anderson2015 @NMAAHC Thanks! Much love to you and Barbara!
.  Your time of service with all of its various titles is without question, an example to be heeded today. God Bless!
Your son did you proud at the dedication.
@nickconfessore @NMAAHC Don't worry Mr.president, you were not there in person.But you  were there in spirit.
My fear is @realdonaldtrump's @mcuban tweet is his attempt to take spotlight away from important @nmaahc event. Dont let it @GeorgeHWBush
Or shift focus away from his advisor's dealings w/Russia & that investigation STAY FOCUSED @realDonaldTrump @mcuban
God bless you two sir!!!!
God bless you, Mr. President. God blessed the United States with you and Bar.
.@GeorgeHWBush Hoping this finds you and Mrs. Bush well, Mr. President.
@NMAAHC
no problem. Well catch you at the next one. 
God Bless You Mr. President!
