everyone have you hugged your spouse today?
Thank you for your service to our great nation. GET WELL AND GOD BLESS AMERICA @GeorgeHWBush @Prayformetoo
Dear Mr. Bush, I'm pleased to know you are doing well with lovely Barbara, her colorful apron impressed me,I wish 2sew similar
Mr. President YOU were one of those heroes.  Thank you for your courageous military service.
This means something from a genuine war hero like you, Mr. President
#11/09/2001:
#ESSE E O DIA Q VC MATOU MUITOS AMERICANOS E GENTE D FORA:
#ESSADATAESUAEXCLUSIVA:
#DIADESEUSCRIMES!
Sure Sir, have no doubt. Happy New Year in advance to All. With Warm regards to little George Jr. - Luv
You don't keep people free by creating a Police State. Your son did that. Obama continued that, and I hope Trump will stop it
KEEP US FREE?  I would be thankful for this. WHAT ALL is YOUR INVOLVEMENT with THESE ISSUES? WE KNOW.
•#Thankful for you being my Commander In Chief & also for being your Massage Therapist in Colorado! 
Beautiful bravehearts
while still on this Earth, have the guts to admit these wars are the greatest threat to American Freedom. Turning into Nazis.
Dad still miss you thanks never forget you Father
Nice
....
Thank you for being our President. Take care, and enjoy every day.
You need to speak up against the Muslims ban & have your family join u in doing so.
Get well Mr. President. I was proud to serve under you in the Gulf War 90-91 with the 101st Airborne. 

Airborne sir!!
#56rhonda is also thankful for him & his wife, my life was changed by the goodness of their hearts when he was in office.
I did.  We may have no country or not a free one under Trump.  Speak now that all the interference w/election has surfaced.
Thank you sir.  I call on you now to put country above all and join with all living Presidents to delay the Electoral College.

the boss you are my 5th father help me am staving of ongreen please help
god bless you and your family Best wishes for thanksgiving
.@GeorgeHWBush Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family, Mr. President.  You are a great man and thank you for your service to our country.
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours
Happy Thanksgiving to you, and your beautiful family, Mr. President!
thankful for your family's service to our nation. We are a better nation for your service .
Amen to that sir. 

My love and thanks to a great "Barbara" and to all of you. Rock the turkey socks and savor the day.
bless you Mr.President 
i love you! Mr. President
thank you for your service Mr. President!
thank you for your service Mr Bush
So well said Mr. President.
miss you. 
Ruled by Jews illuminati
Thank you for your service, Mr. President!
REVELATION 18:14-18..
Proud to say I saw you at 1st STS-26 Shuttle landing @EdwardsAFB after Challenger Thanks for service and God Bless
most people do!
You shouldve endorsed our nominee. We held our nose for your son! #trumptrain #maga #wednesday #nikki #Espresso #Elton #branca
Wishing you & yours a very happy TG! You're an inspiration to us older Baby Boomers - bless you.
#HappyThanksgiving #happythanksgiving
We could use you two again Sir! BZ!
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving.
Amen and God Bless!
parfavar prro mexico es el mejor
zzz
We are thankful for you Sir!
IF DAD GETS 5 MORE DONATIONS, EVEN FOR $5 HE GETS ENTERED IN A BIG GOFUNDME GIVEAWAY http://gofundme.com/qxpceatw  THANKS GOD BLEss
Seen any evidence of babies being thrown to the floor from incubators lately you mug?
