@MKTWgoldstein Take those broccoli florets, coat in olive oil, sprinkle with Italian bread crumbs/rosemary--delicious!
that sounds very tempting
I forgot to say that you fry the breaded florets, rosemary et al.
that tweet thread was remarkably well liked.
Broccoli has its own silent majority.
?
§@GeorgeHWBush Cooper has written that is 5 years old, mr. Bush. Very nice impossible handwriting for 5 years old. Perhaps is some devilish
§@GeorgeHWBush old impudent cannibal because I yet in late 2015 revealed that the meat in markets is human.
§@GeorgeHWBush I am grandchild of one of your brothers. You are the only known for me alive his brothers. If I no mistaken.
§@GeorgeHWBush My grandfather Athanas the father of my father George is your brother. Detected however that he didn't know that is son of
§@GeorgeHWBush Nicholas II, hope you have more information than him.
@analuisarezam
Tengo que buscar a ese niño, al fin alguien comparte mi gran amor por el brócoli 
cásate con él, 5 años, igual que la edad mental de muchos de tus "pretendientes"
JAJAJAJAJA
Prefiero al niño de 5 amante del brócoli que a muchos otros "pretendientes", te lo juro.
Broccoli is delicious @GeorgeHWBush @ChrisWRowell
a great man great old school republican. And  a war hero
Broccoli is the first food my son asked for by name! He graduated summa in Comp Sci from @DrexelUniv Smart ppl like broccoli.
@drmikemurdock  I love broccoli too and so do my twin boys.. it may look like a green afro but it sure dont taste like it :)!
The Bush crime family ENDORSED the Clinton crime family who'll be prosecuted for under-age sex crimes: https://twitter.com/America_1st_/status/793604789842083840 …
yes sir cpl.Scott understand
@realDonaldTrump Squeaky clean Donald Trump could Never be promiscuous! He has been too clean to be promiscuous!
I've got to agree with Cooper here.  :-)
Rumor has it you are voting to let the Clinton crime family back into power? Speak out! let your support of Trump  be heard !!
adorable
If you believe that was written by a 5 year old, I got a bridge to sell you! Oh, wait, you already sold out to Hillary.
Hahaha, broccoli and Bush41 never really got along, isn't it? Our Dutch agrifood better not be aware of that, Mr President 
how is it he has your mailing address?
Cooper's eating habits?
Disavow Hillary! Endorse Trump! Or be a TRAITOR, u owe this country this. A written statement  works!!
@Chattycathy2016 @GeorgeHWBush We don't need him he's a globalist.
http://nutritionfacts.org  has done a tremendous job gathering science on fruit/veg. A fruit/veg diet cures just about everything
Awwwwwwww sweet
@charles_gaba That's adorable! Thanks so much for sharing it! I happen to like broccoli too-but only when it's fresh.
Hillary Clinton proposes top rate of 65% on estate tax

http://www.wsj.com/articles/hillary-clinton-proposes-65-tax-on-largest-estates-1474559914 …

via @WSJ
Dear Cooper,you will have a ISIS world because I will vote for Hillary
This letter is a hoax. How would a 5 year old even know where to send a letter to you or get the 47 cents for postage? 

#LIES
I don't like all my fellow Republicans either had to hold my nose to vote, but they make us stronger sir.
I understand your too freaking senile to match your socks but stick with our party sir.
If you truly loved this country you would support our Republican front runner.
@ George Bush is a disgusting traitor. Sorry I ever voted for any of them. The families life in politics is overThey are dirty
  #WakeUp 

CLINTON LIES 
https://amp.twimg.com/v/7ae34197-4282-41f4-9452-1ed273205b89 … https://twitter.com/LouDobbs/status/761307030145466369 …
President Bush every House and Senate member should demand Trump release his tax returns repeatedly every single day
Wonderful, thank you for sharing; made me smile.
aww
how do you undo hundreds of years of European madness?
survival depends on saving native people. Not killing them.
I don't like the nativity seen , especially at christmas.
There should be more emphasize in saving native history and people. Survival depends on us.
I've become quite a naturalist my self. Born to be real. Nothing more. Nothing less.
Broccoli is where it's at. Mr. President!
@laceyaross
I love broccoli too
You have to be true to yourself Mr. President; but I now fall into the pro-broccoli camp too.
love Broccoli too along with Cooper, but do not like past Presidents dissing the efforts of a Republican hopeful. Its not nice
where were you on November 22, 1963?
traitor.  Viva Trump
"I dyed, with the intent to teach you that you don't have too, Mr. President." Cardinal Poveroni
Good thing young Cooper's broccoli isn't loaded with GMO's. Now THAT would not be very healthy. Would it Mr. Bush???
TWIN brother?..... (cough/cough)
Hahaha nice
If only sadam knew all he needed was broccoli to win the war. If only he knew
I am sorry True heroes dont mock disabilities or Presidents Heroes make the sun RISE
Shame on you endorsing Hillary Clinton! You all have something to hide! I wish I never voted for you!!
at least something is genuine in this country, not our Republican party. I'm disappointed in you all. Its shameful, shameful.
wow a 5 yr old wrote that Yea I believe that NOT! What a crock & you want us to believe it too..only your cult followers would

Broccoli? You should reconsider! It's good for your skydiving!
please endorse Hilary Clinton on constitutional grounds
please pass on the message to the other Mr. Presidents
how come so many think your a Rotten MF ? And the same about Your son ?  they could be right or ? what is the story ??
.mr bush you should give jebb aHE is making your  family LOOK Bad and makeing  him self look like a go trump a average man
should serve it with cheese, like your parties ideology
I loved your speech you gave in Dallas. The Republican Party needs your families support so Hillary doesn't get elected
Has young Cooper met @christianawyly ? #ThursdayThoughts R2 Positively Impact R World through #HealthyEating #Energy #Internet
please relay to your son George W that he is a great man and was a great president.  Be strong in the LORD!
God Bless
The Bush family I have had such respect for would not set back and not vote. Very sad
why didn't you try to help? You let the media lead you and you know they are dishonest. You of all people should know
I felt sorry for you and cried after B.O. bashed  you. Instead of standing behind Trump you became a turn coat.
Please use your influence to persuade Republicans to stop Trump.  Otherwise it won't make any difference what we eat.
AWW LOOK AT ME I'M A NICE OLD MAN WHO LIKES BROCCOLI NOT A COLD BLOODED MURDER NOW LET'S HOLD HANDS AND FORM A NEW WORLD ORDER
LOVE THIS
@JoeHockey hey guys point me to oval office or writ for war crimes is coming
Good thing you loved your USA.  You will always be my hero.
@CooperJL9
You're a class act Mr. President. I wish we could put you in a time capsule and bop you back to age 55 & I'm loyal to Hillary!
Do 5 year olds really print that well?
@noonanjo How can anyone NOT love broccoli?  It is one of the only foods that you could survive eating exclusively.
@pateltimes If you cook it properly with a touch of spices and tomatoes, broccoli would taste great.
@HOUmanitarian It's okay--I'll eat your broccoli, sir.  I'm a CBDS (certified broccoli disposal specialist)
It's OK if you don't like broccoli, President Bush. I like it, so there's more for me! #LikeEatingBittyTrees
@JusticeWillett This is just the sweetest. Perfect for a day like today. Many thanks for posting.
bush jr، With his dog toni 
May God bless you, Mr President, AND you too, Cooper!!!!!!
@MangyLover: D'ya think maybe some day we could have a classy President again?
Shame on you Mr. Pres. Broccoli is good for you. You're older than me and you didn't got over your dislike of it as I did?!
@kathleenwithit My wife could have written this, she is a broccoli fanatic.
@CarlBialik cmon, thats got to be on your bucket list!
Hey @GeorgeHWBush did u hear about @JasonMillerinDC 's new job? Dont tell @JebBush. Or do. He's low-energy, so won't do anything
@EmmaJSavage
@ZekeJMiller 1st of all broccoli is spelled right and no 5 yr old writes that small besides the fact it is 20 yrs old...
What a great letter & smart young man to write you Mr. President. Cooper, keep eating veggies and keep writing! Proud of you!
.@GeorgeHWBush broccoli is dope but I appreciate you casually handing out Ls to kids on twitter dot com
I miss Republicans like you.
cooper without broccoli. he's happy you shared his letter .
George HW Bush stabbed conservatives in the back. He has ZERO loyalty to Americans.

#tcot #PJNET #p2
be honest, your son Jr wrote this to you last week after he had broccoli #Dubya
My mom cut her finger on mother's day cutting Broccoli, after a hospital visit, we're a Broccoli free family right now!
try broccoli with velveeta or cheez wiz!
I wholeheartedly endorse @GeorgeHWBush on this across party lines. I despise broccoli.
Proud of young Cooper's interest in healthy eating. His declared love of broccoli is genuine, if also unpersuasive. 
Broccoli is awesome!
not if you’re one of these. (I also hate many chocolate things, so It’s not just “veggies”)
I think I am a super taster. Or somewhere close.
thanks so much for sharing. Just added it here: http://rebelmouse.com/haxman  http://rbl.ms/28WagCJ 
@mattdpearce oh the banality of war criminals approaching senescence
oh the prez got schooled on broccoli!!!
I love you and the Mrs.!
Genocist
omg...this is so awesome!

@Peggynoonannyc very sweet. And broccoli is good and good for you.
Mr. Bush, сhildren and fools tell the truth, don't forget. Господин Буш, устами младенца глаголет истина, не забывайте.
@marissapple Love,
Broccoli
does everyone know you are responsible for us eating cancer causing, hormone & gut disruptive GMO?
Mr. President, try it roasted with olive oil, garlic, and parmesan cheese. Roasting makes the flavor more complex!
@JoeHockey try it fried in a little olive oil with garlic & salt. Much better than boiled or roasted
Mr. President, a good cheese sauce can hide the horrid taste. NOTHING can salvage Brussel Sprouts.
Broccoli is awesome. But Brussels sprouts are nasty 
That is the sweetest!  
from the mouths of babe's lol. I don't like it either lol
Miss you Mr. President. Thank you for your lifelong service.
Mr. President, I couldn't agree more.
@maggieNYT Ahh, the good ol' days of the GOP...
@Roisinconaty Vote Brexit, George! Poor people have zero voice in Britain!!
Perhaps if you tried Chinese broccoli or th broccoli at Buca di Beppo
@JoshMankiewicz Reding to quickly I thought it said I ate my twin brother which would make this a really great letter.
LOL! Cooper's cool! (And he's RIGHT! You should eat your broccoli!)
@HotlineJosh

you "borned" the DEVIL ....
@HotlineJosh if thats a five year old   ..Awh Thanksgiving
you're a world-famous proof that one can live a long, healthy life without Broccolis
...
Well said Mr President.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @CNN
I stand with you, Mr. President. I can't stand broccoli!
@JennaBushHager  since your Presidency - I have supported and embraced your ban on broccoli.
@seanmdav The T is out of proportion. Makes me want to look for a clue like in National Treasure.
If I hadn't already been following, "His declared love of broccoli is genuine, if also unpersuasive" would have done it.
Folks, if you aren't following @GeorgeHWBush...what is WRONG with you?
My grandpa used to say "Me & George Bush, we don't like broccoli" and my grandma would just tsk tsk.
@JennaBushHager this mom is freaking out because her own 5yr old can't write that well yet 
@Taylor_McKell97 Dear President Bush: My name is Cooper/and I just turned five/you can write rhymes/but you can't write mine.
UN DEUX TROIS QUATRE CINQ
: "Proud of young Cooper's interest in healthy eating. His declared love of…" #1 in United States
@threesquareLV @laurenblauren  We need more kids like Cooper, weaning classmates and presidents alike on to broccoli! #Feed
If u can tweet this u can tweet ur support of the GOP nominee. Base supported u & W. Ur turn now. Matter of class. #Trump2016
is this the time to point out you have 1term left you could serve? I'd vote for you in Nov. #Bush41/45
We pick presidents & assume they'll be around for 8 years but we give them a review after 4 years. He didn't pass.
Amazing letter to @GeorgeHWBush from a five-year-old singing the praises of broccoli. Dana Carvey would approve.
Dear President, is also good for your health, eat good tomatoes, peeled, sliced and seasoned with good spanish olive oil.
this was settled long ago: GHWB is probably a ‘supertaster’ .. kid needs to learn about diversity clearly…
- Respect for your encouragement of Cooper. Much more Respect for you, your Service, Sacrifice, Honor & Character! God Bless!
Mr. President, your love for broccoli mirrors my love for onions
@ZekeJMiller I'll bet I could make some broccoli that you would like, Mr. President.
@WillMcAvoyACN The only way to eat broccoli is raw and dipped in Hidden Valley ranch dressing.
@anamariecox Have you ever tried it roasted? It's totally different from steamed, I promise!
I was between 8 and 12 years old when @GeorgeHWBush was in office, so broccoli was a big deal during that administration.
I have a vague memory of it and love how even now, kids are writing to him about it.
My daughter with her George Bush imitation from 1994
para lo q as qdado, jajajajjajajajajajaja. MIS PEORES DESEOS A T Y TODA TU ESTIRPE, ASCENDIENTE Y DESCENDIENTE. BICHO...!!!
Good to see young George's spelling is improving. Next he will be writing joined up.
Poor kid! If Hillary gets elected, he will be lucky to get anything.
@tom_hart How about slathered in cheese?
@Jon_Hartley_ Ha! "genuine but unpersuasive." A combination so often encountered, no?
still getting fan letters eh?

