They lost again in New York & New Jersey after Boston!? The same topics, immigrant & marathon!?
@SenJohnMcCain John Brennan, give Senate your explaination on Ahmad Rahimi!?
If John Brennan knew Afghan was O$ama in Cold War with former KGB Putin, why?
Bomb Bali in SBY's period! Bomb Boston in O$ama's period!?
Then Bomb Thamrin, then lately Manhattan bomb! Same, Russia & Afghanistan!?
If you do riots to negros there, so O$ama does riots to Chinese here like 1998!?
So many CIA Democrats in Indonesia!? O$ama did 9/11, his Spy did 3/11 here with waves!?
just died already
This is so important. Thank you for doing this... gone, missing but not forgotten. 
I voted for you twice and your son twice.  We need party unity.  Please support Trump.
@GeorgeHWBush @CIA Brings new meaning to "If walls could talk...."
most people won't get this, underrated comment
@GeorgeHWBush You should convince W to get a twitter account, you're not nearly as fun to troll.
George Jr. doesn't do the Internetz.   ;-)
George HW Bush was a great PRESIDENT  of the United States, ALL president's  are human, and have flaws.
Kahramanlar Adsız Olanlardır...!
Heroism? How would a Bush know heroism? Or honor?Hillary? Scum.
And they support Trump
I know someone with the CIA.  He supports Trump. Why don't you? Voting 4 Hillary?  What's wrong with u? You're too old!
desde que veo de niña la bandera americana las "estrellas" estan juntas...eso me trasmitio unidad aún en las diferencias
chbik jebtana Horsissoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
@GeorgeHWBush @JebBush @CIA I miss HBush! GOP went down after him.
Moving return to Langley and Memorial Wall today. The stars represent @CIA agents whose heroism is unknown to most. 
no with trump the gop is gaining strength dont let the bushes fool you
@halimlounnas2
Glad to hear you're feeling better and up & about, Mr. President!
Will never forget. 
Hopeful that all will honor the beloved fallen - those who've gone before us. #FreedomIsNotFree
porque nunca vi la BANDERA ESTAOUNIDENSE CON LAS "ESTRELLAS SEPARADAS"..cariños a todos
everyone with a brain knows u killed JFK
World Trade Center  implosion . Explain that ! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bWorDrTC0Qg …
@GeorgeHWBush @Softcrush @CIA I wonder if there are stars for the dead of Benghazi?
There it is!!  The dead horse!
U people just let down every soldier u sent to war. I am furious with all of u
This dark world needs "a thousand points of light." When are you gonna introduce your pal Lucifer to the rest of us?
@CIAhttp://yournewswire.com/rt-claims-911-was-an-inside-job/
Watched the movie Great Expectations by Charles Dickens. have you seen that one? It has a very interesting moral.
traitor
.@GeorgeHWBush TORTURE @CIA began a LONG TIME AGO!

It would be NICE to know
Why'd you guys have me whacked? I'm back.
@RadioFreeTom @CIA Wow. That is amazing.
@RadioFreeTom @CIA thank you for your service Mr President
is Robin's name up there ya think since he sacrificed her to Manhattan project like red skelton
Hillary will be Pres, because u did fully support Trump, do u love Obama, it will get worse.
u did 911 u did 911 u did 911 u did 911 u did 911 u did 911 u did 911 u did 911 u did 911 u did 911 u did 911 u did 911
HILLARY elected due to Egos OF gop elite
Happy Birthday!!
Happy Birthday to former President @GeorgeHWBush.
what are you people allowing this to happen? Google Facebook and Twitter silencing conservatives ?
@Cernovich @Nero ~ founder Julian Assange: Google working closely with #HillaryClinton campaign
 http://belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-new …
gop ELITE want Hillary 4 president
damn dubaya
All GOP fools, who criticize Trump,only 1 who can defeat HILLARY
Cattle die, kindred die,
Every man is mortal:
But the good name (not yours) never dies
Of one (not you) who has done well
thank u for not overlooking those this mem day who fall striving in the shadows for Liberty.
if you really want to honor freedom, campaign for Hillary Clinton and stop  Trump
hey George, I was wondering, who was the gunman on the grassy knoll during the 1963 Coup, was it Mertz or Sturgis?
or was it someone else from Operation Zapata, pretty stupid to name an oil company you own after a covert operation you run
thank GOD for George W, now we don't have to worry about another Bush scumbag in the White House EVER...
kinda sad really, you were a legitimate hero during WWII, still wondering why you sold out your country...
the CIA is a joke, they can't even take out Assad in Syria. The main reason is because you pussies are afraid of Putin...
also, did Reagan ever figure out, that you were the one who was behind the assassination attempt against him in 1981?
also, by your own estimate, how much cocaine do you think you brought into the U.S. back in the 1980s...don't be modest...
Peace be upon you, George Bush, I'm from Kuwait, I hope to visit Kuwait, earnestly desiring to you
MARS
she wants to slap your baby im black an mexican could you find my grand dad my dad dad was a sharecropper
ur so respectful and I love you
@boofo you know let's make space more for the nurturing minds more stripped education
in space @NASA BOOF
who,said pseudo oh I got gunesppppp
