Is anyone PERFECT??  We are all flawed humans.
So with all due respect to both of you, glossing over what he did is doing the rest of humanity a gross disservice.  We deserve better.
@legaleagle48 when judgement day comes & your life flashes before you remember how self-righteous you were.
Forcing oneself sexually on multiple people(proven w/ millions paid)& threatening careers if they don't capitulate is not a"flaw"it's crime
Just b/c companies and people PAY doesn't mean they are guilty.  But if a payout = guilty them you have some explaining to do about CLINTON
You're embarrassing.It wasn't Hillary Clinton's penis being forced onto multiple women,or her hands groping employees breasts over the years
YOU are embarrassing yourself.
YOU are a proponent of rape and extortion. No article about Clinton, Obama, Rice, The Easter Bunny can change that. You're a terrible person
I respect you & know you're an honorable man.

But you are dead wrong about Ailes who made his living stoking fear & perpetuating falsehoods
He was also a serial-harasser of women and I'm sure if you understood the details of these acts more, you would not praise him.
May he who has not sinned cast the first stone-- mr perfect asshole. @maddow just like ms. Maddow
That's some moral universe you got there.
Trying to find congruency with your moral high-road in the light of the quote on your Twitter banner....whatever.
U lobs have completely lost any intellect you may have had - PRAVDA(CNN,MSNBC,nyt & ALPO have taken control of your mind-- communism
Out of respect for his friends and family I'll refrain to comment on your friend and I'm sorry for your loss
Out of respect for his many victims, I refuse to refrain from such necessary commentary.
I understand but he's already gone and hurting the people he left behind is unfair.
As a survivor, I disagree. He left behind so many hurt people whose stories, lives, & careers were too long quashed down. We owe them this.
I understand but still his friend and family can't bear the burden of his actions, but we must talk about abuse
That is about as morally relativistic a statement as one could possibly make. His friends and family do have responsibility. Propped him up.
Do you have a daughter? A sister? A mother? Do you realize what women go through in this life? Do you earn less money because you are a man?
That's normal if you spend your life as a waitress or hairdresser
#Notperfect. Good people do bad things-celebrate the good, but we must NOT look away from the bad #AilesCosbyOReilly
Beautiful
I loved him to!!
Happy Birthday, Mr. President! I'm one of Jim Fuchs' (Yale '50) daughters, who knew you & your brothers.  Enjoy your day!
RIP
Dude.  He used his position to rape women.  I'd say he was way off of perfect.   What if it was Barbara?
#lol
Roger was an excellent man.  You need to support the current President or go back into your low energy world.
Ailes was one of the worst humans to walk the Earth. He misled millions daily and influenced politics in the most grotesque manner ever seen
You're probably talking about MSNBC and all the other left wing channels he also played apart in, right?
Nobody's 100% perfect? Not even you Mr. Bush. (Don't take it personally)
'Sexual Predator' is the new 'Not Perfect'
Yes Bill Clinton was not perfect, nor Ted Kennedy.
Absolutely, nobody is perfect, but we're not talking about anyone but Ailes here.
Hello geroge h w bush what is your favorite food
Nine years of Iraq War, more than 100,000 deaths of civilians, 1.6 million Iraqis were displaced.....
omg
He was a big tobacco apologist and a sexual predator and he foisted 4 rep presidents on the world. You have poor taste in friends
Who
He was a sexual predator. U missed opportunity 2express condolences privately/stay silent publicly-now women know just what u think of them.
You are cool.I hope to be like you.
Thank you for your service Mr. President. The world is a better place because of your leadership.
With all due respect, you say this about #RogerAiles - man who has abused his position to harass so many women?
My jzM
Au
During eulogy, Ailes's son threatened women who alleged harassment. "I’m coming after them...and hell is coming with me.”
I'm not sure what the aristocratic society's values or otherwise but at least the Bush family had a notion of the middle class and others.
None of us R perfect Pres. Bush, that applies MY PRESIDENT, as well ! JESUS: ALL have sinned and fallen SHORT of the GLORY of God! FORGIVE !
Axis of evil,North Korea may attack Japan. Please help us.
I'm sorry for your loss, Mr. President.
Why don't you begin backing DONALD J. TRUMP?  Though it probably wouldn't make any difference.
Stop. Defending. A. Corrupt. Omnibigoted. Sexual. Predator.
Oooooh... I'm pretty fucking sure you wouldn't have been president without him and your gang of bandits!
The best part of Ailes obit is that he is dead.
You weren't perfect by long shot, an awful and pathetic human being. The nation is still damaged by your family
Thank you for your service MR president
You can love the man and dislike his personal choices...Ask any Mom....
Sorry you has lost your friend
I hope you have a wonderful birthday Mr. President!!!
Anyway wasnt cool&Fd-up thing heard&know screwed up re-telling it.Seriously R 41st President GeorgeHWBush ThankYou&GodBless
If wanted 2B POTUS quicker coulda hid @WhiteHouse in shadows 4Reagan 2ComeDown @Night&Jump Out yell"Boo"&HeartAttack 2POTUS?
And neither were you perfect George..
Karma is a bitch!!!!!!!!
GeorgeH.W.Bush Veep2-40thPresident-Ronald Reagan Jan20-1981Jan20-1989&Our41st PRESIDENT Jan20-1989till Jan20-1993"A Great Man"
@CNNPolitics @maddow @_NotFakeNews_ really George? This is like a coed thanking Bundy 4 a ride home unmolested. Ailes=creep
On2 different topic MrBush If OK? How R U MrPresident? How R U Feeling? Could Watch U interviewed all DayLong-Love the Man U R
Roger Ailes @end was a"PIG"PcShit W/Sex Cases against him&his paying some off 4Actions SAD 4some1 so important&2B-Remembered-4
Blieve W/O him NEWS(Even tho TRUMP says"FakeNews")till he needs"News"-But he made it 2What it is 2Day so Thank You's R needed
Myself not huge fan or let alone fan of his but his bigger then life attitude caught up&ended career 4REAL sad W/all hes done
Holy shit! Are you telling us that Roger Ailes saved the world? In that case we should forgive him for being a sexual predator.
Now I know, for sure.... Ailes was a scumbag! Thanks for clearing that up!
El amor de los genocidad
So without Ailes, no bushs and their 2 Iraq wars, would have saved $4trillion more than $100,000 per person. Now I hate Roger even more
Loyal?? He was groping co workers @FoxNews like he was in some frat house! where is ur #moral compass? Please find it
U know someone who is perfect? Why start the sentence with that? Ur apologizing for being his friend. Not stand up guy
I wish he died before you become president.
So its his fault we had to suffer the Bush/CIA dynasty.
Roger Ailes was a good man at heart sad   Greta Carlson and Mygen Kelly got their pound of flesh
thank you President Bush. So many at Fox said the same type of thing.
I wish you didn't acknowledge the passing of a horrible human being
REALLY @startelegram ?!?!? REALLY?!?!???
Sir, this is abhorrent. The man was a predatory and a scoundrel. Was your presidency worth the price of his victims?
He forced females employees to felate him and recorded it for blackmail.
Yes sir mr.president captain RANDY SCOTT USMC Honorably sir your warrior sir  always faithful  sir
Agree. Hope you are doing well, Mr. President. I attended your speech to US Chamber in DC several years ago.
But isn't it wrong that a media mogul helped elect a president? I think the media should be objective, and not for or against a candidate
no greater indictment of how horrible ailes was
That's lovely for all you privileged few praising him, not so much for the many ordinary folks he abused and screwed over. So shove it.
None of us are perfect, but alas the country has become coarse and unforgiving. If this does not reverse I fear for the USA.
This is beautiful. It chokes me up every time I read it.  What more can anyone ask for than to be love unconditionally with all their flaws.
Hitler wasn't perfect, but ...
You obviously need to learn how to pick better friends. Roger was lower than pond scum.
And that is just another reason Roger Ailes was a horrible person.
@CtBrokerRoks No need to put wasn't perfect as nobody is Mr President.
Yes absolutely. Geraldo said, "He was a genius, he hired me twice." I don't love Geraldo.
Grorge none of us are; but hopefully more good than bad
Sorry Mr. President your tribute is diminished by your caveat. Aren't we all imperfect!
George HW Bush was probably the last President we'll ever had that was as bipartisan as it gets.
Mr. President I was so happy to hear you will be out of the hospital. Fred F
I believe his work for you, particularly the Willie Horton story, represented a sad and mean spirited chapter in our political life
Not something to brag about. Did he suggest you "Read my lips"?

For God's sake, Ailes sexually preyed on women to the point of enslaving  them! WTF is wrong w you Republicans? You will do ANYTHING to win!
"...we're going to report the situation in Iraq without an agenda or any ideological prejudice" O'Reilly Factor, 17.Jan. 2003 #foxnews
Yr presidency was a complete horrific joke.
Great to see you speaking out. Where were you for the last 8 years? Bygones be bygones Mr. President. Please step out and help Pres Trump.
Nobody's perfect 41; but how generous of you to point it out on the day of his death.
Well said Mr. President... thank you for all you have done for our great country!
Wasn't perfect?  Are yo for real?  He was clearly an evil man! if there is any justice he will be in hell now.
Please do not say that.  You're better than this.
Who is perfect no one why even say that
Someone please cut off his head just to make sure.
lmao join him if you love him so fucking much you decrepit skeleton
More reasons to despise him.  He was such a sweetie, cornering women and sexualy harass them.  Your sis would have loved working under him.
You were president because we loved you, and has a gre at campaign manager, my alter ego. Love you mr president Bush..always
It's not about being imperfect but Ailes callously and maliciously promoted lies and mistruths which were devastating to many people.


Ewwwww
Get better friends.
As we both know Nobody is perfect! But a  true leader as many have described!
Glad you can acknowledge that
I don't know, sir.
RA was a despical individual, a DJT, Bill Cosby, & Bill Oreilly class of PIG
@seanhannity @GeraldoRivera so pathetic to hear Geraldo sing Roger's praise! A womanizer himself who is so full of himself!
@seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @GeraldoRivera can't stand listening to all U losers who didn't support Roger when Gretchen Carlson lied for $!
Bro
Lee Atwater with out the come to Jesus moment a Prick
His not so great talent was sexually harassing women.
Sir, Great to see you are doing well! No one is perfect but Mr Ailes did a lot of good! Fair and Balanced!
You say you wouldn't have been president like it's a bad thing
You're far from perfect too so shut up! Your death will follow his before you know it and u can tell him how imperfect he was! No class Bush
Nice to see some people tell the truth.
Thank u for your service, sir
nobody is perfect....that's not the issue. The issue is he sexually assaults women. Cmon president bush..
Don't try to make yourself feel better just because this menace to humanity is dead.
Yes, a trillion $$ war wouldn't have happened without him ... RIP.
Maybe u aren't perfect either
And GB....you weren't perfect either.  Stupid way to lead into a compliment?
Good Riddance
you're next
Are you attending your New World Order Bilderberg Group 2017 on June 1-4 at the Westfields Marriott in Chantilly, VA Georgie Boy?
Roger Ailes was a rapist Roger Ailes was a rapist Roger Ailes was a rapist Roger Ailes was a rapist Roger Ailes was a rapist Roger Ailes wa
hahah u said u loved him, you're fucking gay!
No, you definitely weren't perfect. U & your family have colluded w/the Clintons, FBI & CIA (Iran Contra) 4 years. Yet, Mr.Ailes was Great!
Mr. Ailes is very sadly missed and did a huge service for . Nevertheless, most of is done w/a corrupt Government President Bush. 
I wish all the people on here crying on who did what and who is perfect or not perfect would focus on the people who are starving in Africa!
WOW Do we live in a country where you are innocent until proven guilty The man died today, could YOU haters give it at least 24 hours?
Not a legal term
Ugh 
Wow. I hope when I leave this earth someone's opening line is "He wasn't perfect". Nauseating.
There is little doubt of Ailes' imperfections, but whatever blood stains his hands is a drop to the ocean in which GHWB's hands have bathed.
You are a war criminal at the least.
I wish you would speak up with your point of view about what is going on
Loyalty.
More reasons to be glad he's dead and to lament he ever lived.

Taibbi: Roger Ailes Was One of the Worst Americans Ever - Rolling Stone http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/features/taibbi-roger-ailes-was-one-of-the-worst-americans-ever-w483013 …
your wonderful, Mr. President @GeorgeHWBush
Your friend was a sexual predator who used a race baiting ad to get you elected. He is responsible for our nation's huge divide.
Roger ailes wasn't merely personally fallible - he and Limbaugh wrecked the political discourse in the USA. The Klan thanks you for that tho
Go back to bed old man
Thank you for your years as President.  
.@GeorgeHWBush boy bye
Your son isn't perfect, but you love him too. God, please spare America from any more of @GeorgeHWBush's loved friends & children.
As long as your ok with the devil having propelled you.....I'd prefer to do it without a political Svengali.
Morally reprehensible campaign ads are a family tradition.
You got that right.
With respect, Mr. President, read this:
Roger Ailes is the single person most responsible for the fact that I'll never talk to several of my family members ever again.
Sounds like a defect in Wards family... blame anyone else
God Bless You...
I too will be respectful to his family and friends today. I Will discuss his legacy in due time.
Would you have left your granddaughters alone in a room with him?
Have you read/heard the personal accounts of the women he harassed?! #GiveMeABreak
he's in hell
Ewwwww. I need a shower after reading this 
You loved him? Are you fucking nuts? The guy was a bucket of piss jammed into a suit made of ham
I admire your loyalty, sir.
Ailes created the environment that has enabled Trump, and not to mention how he preyed on women - for decades. Good riddance to him.
His victims will never have a day of peace. It's unfortunate he didn't die in shackles.
Nobody is Mr. President.  Only #Jesus
He will rot in Hell where he belongs
We love & respect you, Mr. President, but ask yourself how it would feel if Gretchen Carlson were your daughter or granddaughter. #Ailes
Love you H.W. God Bless!!
That's real
Liberals, shame on you!
He was a monsted. Obviously u dont give a damn about the women he harassed and careers ruined. Reprehensible..nut u whote men stick together
You may have pooped your diaper ..the smell has effected your judgement
Ailes was evil and you know it.
"Not sure I would have been President w/o his great talent, loyal help."

Yet another reason to be glad he's dead.
