I liked Senior but Junior was in over his head. Patriots unlike the idiot in office now
So crazy he'll invade the completely wrong country committing war crimes all the way down till our economy collapses from his stupid acts!
Didn't mean to imply that you did. Either way I'll not wish any I'll on the old man.
#Love  @JebBush @ColumbaBush @FridaKahlo  @IAmAnImmigrant @FWD_us #SayNoToRacism #IAmAnImmigrant 
#SayNoToRacism #IAmAnImmigrant Have. #Beer on me God Is Great  is & People R Crazy https://youtu.be/PKpQRjj_WbU  #MusicFreedom 
#SayNoToRacism #IAmAnImmigrant Jesus Jones Right Here Right Now https://youtu.be/ooXN8mFLM74  #MusicFreedom  
The favorite son. Jeb is a mess!
do people who reply here already forgot about the Gulf War and the War Against Terror
I can't get over how much your son looks like you, Sir!
Lot of death under their watch ......sorry to spoil hugfest
: ( . Behind every proud dad is a kid who looked up to them. Getting ole sucks but enjoy your time together.
Thank you for hanging in there.  Continue to demand good #caregiving when it is not readily available!
:):):):):) LOVE YOU so MUCH
You are a good man sir! Hope you are feeling better
Get well sir.  We need your wisdom now more than ever!
Amen!! 
Best wishes for a speedy recovery from an old volunteer at your Houston office from 93 to 95.
glad to help
Sending prayers for a healthy and speedy recovery Mr.President
Our prayers are with you Mr. President.
You're a good ol boy... I'd vote for you again.
Funny only 1 son in the pic  #poorjeb left out of the #potus club
Blessings to two of my favorite people!  And prayers for a speedy recovery #42!
Get well soon Mr. President.
@_candyandie grandpa :,)
Feel Better!
Get better soon, praying for ya 
I'm a democratic, but have nothing but good things to say about these two. God bless you both!
Two great and under appreciated men. In my view at least.
Get well soon Mr. President!
War criminals.
Love 41 and 43.
Get well soon, Mr. President.
You got this, Mr. President. Get well soon. 
Get better Mr. President.
Yes, he's a real chip off the old block! Scull and Bones,secret societies,WTC cover up,Kennedy assasination Grabbing teenage girls buttsWhatever CIA, Hoover,Vietnamese war,Bin Laden family business associates Lolz! People know, George Bush knew.
@WestWingReport God Bless You and get well soon, Mr President #41
The two last men who can call themselves @GOP, and #Human. #Getwellsoon sir. I disagree with you, but respect the stuffing out of you!
You like the Bush family is full of CUCKS who helped liberals get their agenda done.

#DonaldTrump #TrumpTrain #tcot #pjnet #ccot #FOXNewsUS
Good! Use your aggressive feelings, boy. Let the hate flow through you!
Naming facts is "hate" to the liberal crowd and their cuckservative allies.

#Trump #DonaldTrump #tcot #pjnet #ccot #NRA #FOXNewsUS
جهنم تاكلك ونته وولدك 
This blue blooded liberal is wishing you nothing but the best, Mr. President.  Be well and thank you for your decades of service!
Love you both! Best wishes sir! Looking at this picture makes me long for the days that we had decent Presidents in the White House!
My hopes and prayers for your Health
.@GeorgeHWBush @jmeacham Wishing you well former President Bushy-1 ;) #lol say hello to BB for me. #speedyrecovery #enjoythehospitalfood
Praying for you sir!!
Get well soon, sir. You both seem so noble to even we liberals now, compared with the tragedy currently in the White House.
You are in our thoughts -- hope you feel better soon!
How unfortunate that your son is helping the very people trying to tear down USA.I always defended and supported you.I'm truly disappointed.
George ... we are all rooting for you ... hard! Get well and God Bless!
You can go anytime and make alot of people happy.
If Stern Will Act Stupid! Locking Forward To Communicate Strait.
Hope they burned one together on 420
Get well soon, sir!
Praying for a speedy recovery.
BLESSED? SATAN HAS NO POWER TO BLESS. HE IS THE CURSE THAT WILL BURN YOUR WHOLE POLITBURO.
Prayers ascending for God's healing touch.
Praying for a full and speedy recovery!
Get well soon Mr. President.  You are a precious man.
@Gabe_Hightower BUSH, YEAAAAAAAA
Praying for your speedy recovery
#ThankYou
سبحان الله ولا إله إلى الله القوه لله سبحانه وتعالى
How many bouts of pneumonia can an old goat have???? We prefer not to hear about them.
God bless you all
Two great men,  great presidents and great Texans!
True fact bush is the only president to meet Babe ruth.
Bless you sir. Your family served with dignity.
Wish i could hold my dads hand like this unfortunately he passed away when i was 19.Bush senior was my Dad's favrite president
In this thread, respect for a statesman. We all needed that, Mr President - thank you for the opportunity to remember what America is.
May your doctors speed your recovery. Get well, Mr. President. All Americans are rooting for you.
Look predetor likes me he be going on missions asking how high to jump Commander an chief
Nice tie man u got me jealous
Thank you.  Praying
Am not a Republican, proud of it but what I would give 2 hve either 1 of these guys back n the White House over wht we currently hve. #TRUTH
Me as well my friend!!!
Same goes for me.
Yep. The current asshat is quite a comparitor
You liberals live in denial and are sore losers, whiners and unhinged.
What a childish reaction in such a nice thread. Your are looking like Trump now. Have a nice day.
I'm resting in the same hospital Mr.President, hopefully we both get to go home tomorrow:)
I hope you did, too, Internet Stranger 
Get well soon Mr.President
Name a more iconic duo...
Sonny is dead...NEXT
Feel better Mr. President! Hugs  
And oops forgot to say I pray for your continued health
Sweet photo  hell we'll bring you back to the @WhiteHouse !
Lovely pic. What a great family. Take care of each other.
Get better fast 41! Wishing you CAVU very soon .
O e thing about the Bush's they didn't let no other countries mess with us or terrorist or whatever America stood strong & powerful & tall
You are in our thoughts and prayers. Wish you a speedy trip back home.
Prayers for a speedy recovery! Get well soon!
Get well soon, Mr. President. You are an inspiration to us all.
Get well.
that's a problem
Get well Mr. President! We love you.
God bless you Mr. President. I wish you a speedy recovery.
Prayers to your dad, and the family. God Bless you all.
Sending love and prayers!
Nice family
wishing you a speedy recovery!
Thanks for starting Gulf War 1 which you won't live to see the worst  blowback from but we will. #NaziFamily #PrescottBushFundedHitler
: Get well soon #MrPresident...
Sweet picture!  Two great men!
Bless you get well soon,, thank you for being you sir. Your part of the GREATEST GENERATION
Class act.
Get well soon 
Get well soon Sir
You're a great hombre Mr. President. Get well soon!
Get well soon!
Get well quick!!!!!
Glad you're feeling better.
@DanaPerino we gop people love u,ur son is wanna my heroes
Wishing you a speedy recovery! God Bless you.
God bless you Mr President! Speedy recovery
Get well Mr. President. Your wisdom is still much needed .....
Praying for your speedy recovery
Stay Strong.
Get well soon!
Great photo
Looks lke Dubya wth his own spittin image puppet
get well Sir and God bless you and your family
Continued blessings !
get well soon!  
You were and are a true treasure to the American people.
You're so loved! 
Prayers for a speedy recovery.
wonderful picture father and son Get Well Soon
Sending BIG prayers your way, Mr. President! Looking forward to seeing more of that awesome smile. Love that high level delegation picture!
Hope your feeling better Mr. President. Many prayers your way.
Awesome!
god bless Me Bush. Get well quickly!!
Get well soon!
Get better soon sir
Politics aside #getwell
Get well soon Mr. President
We love and appreciate you sir
Sincere get well wishes and prayers for a speedy recovery from this proud democrat.
Get Well Soon!!
best wishes for a speedy recovery Mr.  President.
Love out to your wonderful family!  Esp Sr Bush!
Let's God bless all of your family and your father.
Speedy recovery Mr. President
Speedy recovery Mr. President!
@DanaPerino Get well Mr President!!! Love you and Barbara! Love George W... Love your family! God bless you all!
Best wishes. 
God bless both of you great Americans and your family!
Hope you feel better I'm with the president got bless you
Sending up prayers for you, President Bush, for a speedy & complete recovery.  You are such a treasure to all of us. @abc13houston @jgm41
Get well soon sir ....
Thank you
Get well @GeorgeHWBush  Mr.Presidents both of you guys did everything in your power to Keep this country safe Thank you for that. @FoxNews
@JebBush awkward @RiggsBarstool
Get well soon!
We wish you well.Please get out of the hospital very soon.All our prayers are with you..
I didn't care for your politics. I believe you're good men. That means a lot today. God speed your healing, sir.
God Bless you President Bush!
Get well soon 41!  Keep on smiling! 
Get well soon! Sending positive thoughts.
الله لايقيمك
Get well soon Mr president
Get Well Soon Mr. President!!!
Glad you are getting better.  From the picture seems you've got great support.  Hurry home.  Best wishes.
Great to see you @ Super Bowl LI. This is a great pic of you guys. Got a very similar pic of my pops & I before he passed last year.-Be well
Looking good George!
84!
The man is sick can we put politics aside smh
Awww, what a nice picture :-)
Wishing you a speedy recovery, sir.
Wishing you a full and speedy recovery Mr President.
Get well, Mr. President.
@DanaPerino  get well soon Mr. President! We're praying for you ♡
Get well soon Sir.
Get well soon we are praying for you
Fell better mr prez. Wish u were in your old job :).
where is jeb what did you do to him
Get well soon President!  Looks like you had a great visitor today 
Praying for your swift recovery, Mr. President! Great to see you smiling- always puts a smile on this liberal's face! 
Get well soon Mr. President!!! You are in my prayers!
Two good looking fellows. Thank you  for your service to this great country .
Glad to see you smiling, take good care of yourself Mr. President many blessings to you
get well soon. Our prayers are with u all.
Looking great Mr President!! Mr POTUS 43, good to see you with dad! Much love and prayers.
Beef Stew and Bone Broth ! Hot Tamales, Red Pepper, and Beer !
We like the Bushes now.
Best wishes for your speedy recovery Mr. President. Please consider me one of your most loyal and ardent supporters.
We are Praying  for you!
Hope you feel better, Mr. President.

- Sincerely,
A Liberal
I'm a liberal but God Bless to a Great n Fine former President. John h
Blessings always
These are globalist war criminals. Old man Prescott had assets seized for trading, funding Hitler. Nded more $ for gas 2 kill Jews. A Fact*
God bless you sir.
very proud of both of you. Hope u are feeling better soon! God bless you and your family.
I hope you get to make your escape from the hospital soon, Mr. President! Feel better!
In everyone's prayers Mr. President? Greatest generation.
Feel better Mr. President!
