I love these men-Men of the people are respected and full of grace- thank you POTUS(es)-
One Marine, One Country and One People.
Hey George we need to talk
@potus44 didn’t arm isis. @CallofDuty can’t I get beat to a supply drop & should trump hunger games with nassar?
This is how a real President speaks and handles a crisis, watch how #41 addresses the nation during the LA riots: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLknpjPgYjA …

Thank you for your service and your help. 
@maggieNYT @BillClinton @BarackObama @ladygaga @AmericaAppeal I love that he calls his son ‘43’.  I can feel the love.
Another reason you’re one of my heroes.
I have heroes who are sexual assaulters too 
I wasn’t aware of any allegations at the time of this tweet
Lots and lots. Google it doll! #franklinscandal #johnnygosch
I said I wasn’t aware of any allegations at the time of the tweet. I am now. But I appreciate your condescending attitude. And I’m sure all 42 of your followers are cheering on your very meaningful twitter crusade.
Sorry if being facetious about idolizing a sex predator is offensive to you. Made ya look tho, didn't I?
I did not learn about the allegations from your tweet.
Regardless, you were wrong about him. And apparently bitter still. Whiny men ugh.
I'm sure @realDonaldTrump would have sung tremendously w @ladygaga if asked.
Trump was too busy lying and playing golf
Donald J Trump is/was Too busy ending BHOMO, CLINTON, BUSHS' US Military defunding, playing the phony green card, swindling TAXPAYERS, bad appointees, hirees, shitty deathcare, destructive taxation, NWO TRADE AGREEMENTS that sent our jobs to INDOCHINA to rave on about faxxots
I would have donated even more to see that! Thank you for being a graceful and delightful POTUS. You remind us how it should be.
we are service
my admission in International Affairs Doctorate Ph D
F IDA RHODES
God bless you
What, can't you just leave this planet yet?  You are total traitor to the Constitutional Republic.  Actually, both Clintons are too.
I wish you were in office again.  You are a good man, Mr. President.
Because you're the Dopest GBush!
We drove by Walker's Point on Thursday ... a beautiful week in Maine ... keep well!
Just so you know @mschlapp , can’t admire GHWB & Trump at same time @JWGOP @rickwtyler
We see through your Luciferian Globalist Agenda now. As if that isn’t bad enough, then there’s Conspiracy of Silence: The Franklin Coverup. I can’t believe I voted for you!!  I’m awake now. And now we’ll see who The SHEEP really are!!!  #luciferiansaredumb #hivitesgetlit #Qanon


I vote for @ladygaga @BarackObama duet.
That would have been amazing. @BillClinton could play sax.
Yes I forgot that! I remember him on MTV
بوش الأب، 93 عاما، لو طلبتني ليدي غاغا لغنيت معها. خمسة رؤساء صوروا مع المطربة الأميركية  
https://twitter.com/georgehwbush/status/922485638846443520 …
اخر واحد على اليسار ، كارتر ؟
Yes
He got so old , thanks for the reply
He still works, surviving brain cancer and is 93.  Of our former presidents he's been one of the best USA goodwill ambassadors.  #BRAVO sir!
Absolutely agree
I love that you said that, sir. 
Mr. President, thank you for stepping up and helping the hurricane victims. To all 5 of you! 
Sir, I think you and Ms. Gaga could do some crowd-pleasing standards. Who knows? This may be a whole new career for you, Mr. President!
I'd like to forget about Clinton and Obama
I am stunned to watch you cozy up with a deviant like Bill Clinton, and an America hating, terrorist loving human stain like Barack Obama... Stunned
All the years we defended you when 44 blamed you for everything. I guess you are part of the deep state club, heartbreaking!
I thought is was W, oops!
Both are part of the CIA deep state. Unfortunately
Amazing.
While you are all together can you plz figure out a way to evict the WH current tenant!
Mr President, I may have been unhappy with you once upon a time, but I do see now that you did what you could & I support you now. 
Now that would have been something to see. Gaga y 41 going all Peaches & Herb.
It's best U stay out of politics.just make U angry.if all media report all news reguardless of politics.the country would be a better place
If U & other ex. Pres. Stay to only positive out look and help for all citizens of R country this may go a lomy way.
Love you!
It was "somewhat" comforting seeing all the Presidents standing in unity for the greatness of America.
Ha.  Will pass on the singing, but thanks & respect to you & other "Formers" for classy & much needed @AmericaAppeal
Sir, thank you all for your efforts. You remind us of when there was honor in being the POTUS. We are mortified at the #OrangeMenace.
Honor? That’s funny
Time for an Oak Ridge Boys/Gaga/@GeorgeHWBush trio!
I'm thinking he said, "Boy, that is some crazy shit!" Remember what he said at Donald Trump's inauguration speech, ha, ha!
You should all be ashamed! It is disgusting what you did to Trump using a fake dossier!
Don't You have a feel to cop?!
WOW amazing how Trump was trashed for mths over a fake dossier paid for by HRC/DNC & more! What a disgrace!
Thank you, Mr. President and our 4 former Presidents for showing this country what true leadership is all about. God Bless All 5 of You.
You support a Pu**y Grabbing Narcissist, who LIES consistently every single day, void of any empathy. You can go down with that tRump train.
Don’t bother arguing with this child. He needs to grow up a little a learn about the world before his opinion becomes valid
Would love to hear your rendition of Poker Face, or LoveGame, sir.
Nothing like a Globalist circlejerk to brighten up the day... Am i right Bushy Boy am i Right?
So sweet that you & Obama + the Clintons are so close now it is almost like you lot have had the same agenda all along?
A worthy cause indeed.
Ques: Would you have sang before or after you groped a female?
When do something that is not under your control you apologize that what you do
Now there’s a Bush I would pay to have back In Office ! TY sir!
Im disgusted w/U&ur family4trashing President Trump yetUall sat silent4 8 yrs while obama TRASHED OUR COUNTRY.U should B ashamed of Urselves
The delusion of Trumpers really is something to see. Don’t know whether to despise them or feel sorry for their utter stupidity.
You need to look at yourself in the mirror, talk about delusional!  You hate President Trump bc he is actually trying to help the American people?  If you had any common sense you would be dangerous!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Poor old Deluded Linda.
Would you have also grabbed her ass? Or you guys could spoon some "blood" off a "body" together a la Marina Abromavich? Sick af.
Good wishes to you, President Bush. Great tweet.
This just melted my heart. Much love to all of you <3 <3
Hilarious. I like her better as a vampire than a singer (AHS).
You still got it, Mr. President
Yes thank all of you for behaving like true Americans. @POTUS is an embarrassment.
You're the greatest President since Groper Cleveland.  Why does the Texas legislature deny disaster relief to Americans who boycott Israel?
I miss having a president that cares about everyone.
America misses a http://President.com  -even in England it was great to see ex presidents of the US come together
(W) is a great American
LOL thank you for offering Sir we will keep you in mind. God bless you!
.#6 United States needed a HUGE WAKE UP CALL! The way past Reps hve done things is partly responsible for where our country is now!
You would have sounded awesome singing with @ladygaga you should have done it thanks for what you all did!!
Oh, Mr. Carter probably would have if you asked nicely.
He might be out building a house!
Hahahaha, lady Gag??
That brought such a smile to my face!
Bless you, sir.
Do you ever vomit when you see what's become of the presidency?
Anyone else LOVE that the ex-Presidents call each other by number? Beyond charming. #fitforoffice #dignified
#NWO we know #illuminati #MAGA

Thanks for all that you have done,  who you have served, who you have developed, and who you have enriched. God bless.

I'd rather see your duet with Sam Moore of "Hold On, I'm Comin'!"
Thank you for your service to our nation and for your grace & dignity both in & out of office. All five of you are inspirational! 
My respects to you Mr President. A true class act. Thank you for your service and God bless you always. 
Nothing personal, 41, but you're no Tony Bennett! Thanks to all former POTUSes for relief effort #LadyGaga2020
Go daddy bush! Make that your birthday goal
Good one.
You, sir, are a class act. Thank you for your efforts. It's a shame others (cough*45*cough) can't learn from you.
Unbelievable Obama spend 8 Years blaming George for all wrongdoing and coward George never opened his mouth, now are friends!
But would you sing with @therealroseanne  ?

I LOVED your dad's socks!
Life is a mystery. HW lived honorably most of his life, and now at end of  life  will be known as a dirty woman-grabbing old man. Sad.
Gotta love you, man.  I miss the good old GOP.
.#5 Our beautiful County is OVER $20 TRILLION IN DEBT! WTH! We had to have chg! Doing same thing over & over with same result is insanity!
THREE LOSERS. DAVID COP A FEEL, BUBBA LE BULLSHIT AND OBUMMER. U CLOWNS PLUS BUSHIE JR. HAVE COST THIS COUNTRY DEARLY. 
THANK GOD FOR TRUMP

مرحبا سعادة الرئيس 
Welcome Mr President 
I LOVE Y’ALL!!
@ladygaga not every day you can do a duet with a President ....
Priceless
It was a pleasure serving under you. I wish you and Barbara the best.
I just saw from the new book that you voted for Hillary Clinton. Any respect I for you or your son is gone. You are a pitiful old traitor

We would have listened, Mr. President.
Thank you again for taking time out of your busy schedule to help.  @americanAppeal, George Bush.
HW is a little monster. I would’ve taken him more for an Arianator
I would've guess if he was a Britney Spears Stan
Clinton and Obama are beyhive. W is a lamb, Trump is a swifty
Would you have sung along to "Bad Romance", GHW?  Keep your hands to yourself.
I love you Mr. President
Always glad to see you gents making a positive difference. Thanks for your leadership. Please save us from Trump.
Nice!  I wish that was televised

Thank you, sir. (I would love to have seen it.)
Love this! :)
what?
♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Then we could read his lips to see if he's lip syncing or not. I love you Papa Bush! Thanks for your endless time in public service!
I mean.  How can you not love this
Why - Jimmy just wanted to fix the republican nonsense of Nixon - Bill was Mr. Smooth (unlike yourself) and Barack has the Silver Tongue....
Fabulous event! Tons of money raised. A treat to see 5 former presidents working together for the common good.
Traitors. All of you
Tickets on sale today!  
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5023041/Third-woman-accuses-George-HW-Bush-groping.html …
Much love and massive respect to you, 41! It was nice to finally meet you several years ago at outdoor service at Kennebunkport. 1/2
I’ll meet you at any airport in New England and drive you to @LadyGaga at Mohegan Sun Nov 9-11. Your ticket and beers ... on me.
Such a nice response 
Hopefully she didn’t get her ass grabbed huh?
Now that would have been something! @JennaBushHager
All I know is you five do great things together and our nation is blessed to have you united.
You are sure pretty awesome for that. Thank you for your support of the American people. We know you are on our side. ;)

Here is Obama singing "Born This Way" 
Thank you all for being such great leaders and good sports 
#GagaStrong
God bless you all for what you are doing for these Americans in need. I’d take any of you back in office in a heartbeat...
Inman family rule always vote for bush
I’m sure you would have.  You’re a good man to hang with and that comes from a retired nypd squad commander.
Cool, you all showed us that our Presidents are to be respected whether we like them or not! One day @realDonaldTrump will be there with you
My favorite tweet today....
God bless you !!
Real #terrorist get together assembly ,especially the son bad Bush ,you all have blood in your hands. #Irak #Afghanistan #Syria
@GeorgeTakei @BillClinton @BarackObama @ladygaga @AmericaAppeal Love to you, Mr. GHWB Prez! Thank you for your service!
It is nice to be able to smile regardless everything else that seems to project doom and gloom these days.
Read Cathy o'brien's book Transformation of America
@firemanjohn628
@PGHowie2
@PGAngie1 
#JFKfiles actress Heather Lind names & shames pedocracy founder…
Thank you.....
That’s sweet Mr. President.
God bless you and yours Mr. President!  Thanks for the adventurous attitude and example!
That is now one of my all time favorite photos with all of you and Lady Gaga. Thank you for all you do.
You are awesome :)

Don't make me love you
You did well.
All of you are the true patriots of USA ！
Thank you Mr. President. That would have been totally awesome!
It was great to see all of the Presidents on one stage who truly care about this nation and it's citizens!
Bush family r traitors to  Republican Party. Bashing @realDonaldTrump in your new book. U must need $$ & attention. Trump is ur President

Thank you Sir for all !
Good for you old boy sing with whoever you want and make your last few years awesome may I also suggest smoking weed with Willie Nelson
Love you Pres. Bush!!!
Remember the time she serenade phony Bill and Hillary to her hit song “Bad Romance”?  I do! #ackward
Love your integrity and honesty, Mr. President. Greetings to your fine family. Be well.
I bet you have a great voice.
Seeing you all reminds us of what makes America great. Your civility and civic mindedness are sorely missed. TY for stepping up. God bless.
.#4 Trump gave us hope! He was brash enough to "drain the damn swamp" FOR YEARS like good little stewards we voted @GOP ...
I miss all of you, but what has gotten in to Pres. Carter and his denial of Russian interference in traitor tRUmp's election?
Thank you Sir!
I’m so greatful for my past bushes , for they are a past example of leadership,and I’m a democrat
Amazing seeing these great men working together. Something tells me @realDonaldTrump won’t be as graceful after his reign.
I want to hug all of those POTUSES!
I just love the comradery between you all . Thanks for that.
Poor George couldn't count to 44 #DonTheDraftDodgingCon is a #WhinnyLittleBitch Pervert & #NotMyPresident
A duet America would love to see! Our best to you and Mrs. Bush.
And you would have raised another 31 million. You are adorable. Good to see you real presidents having a good time for a worthy cause.
Thank you Mr president(s) for your support.
Would have supported more if you traitors hadn't been there.
Good for you, Mr. president!
