So sad to see the Bush family rally against Pres Trump... I have lost all respect for u and your family. Sad day 4 
@GeorgeWBush_43 #JohnMcCain is no HERO
You all DONE nothing for the #MIA and #POW but lip services and Crocodile tears. 
Your son started a war that was for nothing but revenge of Saddam Hussein threats of killing you. What your son does for the vets today, is to cover his GUILT.
Thank YOU, sir, for your service to our country and for a life well lived.
You 2 & Jr. stood silent while Obama shredded our Constitution & ruined America yet now get all snarky at true patriot Pres. Trump!? Zip it!
He was flying in a no fly zone in which he was warned NUMEROUS times. #notahero
Thank you 4 acknowledging Sen John McCain's honourable, heroic selflessness & life dedication to our ctry. POTUS IS JUST THE OPPOSITE, SAD
@foxnewsalert @johnrobertsFox really.Gun Control??#Constitution #2ndAmendment #screwObama#MAGA     #TRUMPISMYPRESIDENT
He's no hero. He's a globalist Rino just like you've proven to be this year. America said NO to Jeb, get over it & support our President!
The low energy war monger BOZO Bushes started a 16 year Iraq war & VOTED FOR HILLARY. GOOD RIDDANCE to GARBAGE.
I had you in a pedestal for staying above the fray respecting da presidency, but Ur attacks on @realDonaldTrump have diminished you to pulp.
McCain is No hero he is a TRAITOR. Fact.
Hero? No he was a sell out to us all.
outstanding work sir...america loves you...
Thank you to both of you great American heroes for your service to and love of our country 
—++=Texans don’t Support a Bush n McCain notaHeroAnymore
Twins u 2 satinist
Mr Bush, thought you were smarter than that, guess it's true politics make strange bedfellows. McCain is an ugly nasty man, full of hate, jealousy, and greed! Not a hero, never a hero! My husband was in Viet Nam 3 times, he was a hero. McCain is a blight on America and society!
Sic
Thank you Pres. George H. W. Bush,
At any age, thank you for expressing
Genuine truths liberally of moron don
Mr President, please tell your son to zip it.  He had his time in the spotlight and it was disappointing.
You 2 & Jr. stood silent while Obama shredded our Constitution & ruined America yet now get all snarky at true patriot Pres. Trump!? Zip it!
I am so grateful that you continue speak out and uphold the values of all American patriots of all parties.
It takes one to know one. You gentlemen are certainly heroes. Thank you for your service Mr. President.
Hes a traitor!
Game up ? ... Nearly 50 pounds of cocaine washes up onto Florida beach http://fxn.ws/2zCz0zV  #FoxNews
Read my lips, McCain doesn’t deserve either award.  They’ve now been reduced in stature.
Which is a total disgrace for a traitor to earn such honors! McCain has nothing for Americans he is and always will be a traitor.
He could've returned from Vietnam early he said NO.He waited his turn and SUFFERED. HE IS A HERO!
Please do your research on song bird McCain OH here ya go I did it for you https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ …
Have you read of his time as a POW in Vietnam?  Can you even begin to imagine his suffering?
Yes I read it and I lived through it...he also went to prison and Nixon pardon the traitor
Excuse my ignorance, does that mean you were alive at the time or that you were a POW and tortured for years?
Omfg really! Are you a liberal?
I asked a serious question.  I tried to ask in a more polite manner but I ran out of room. Were you also a POW?
Yeah from one traitor to another
You would salute the traitor McCain u really lowered yourself with your book, voting Hillary. Traitor to this country. Bushes r hateful.
I've had it with John McCain. A dem in disguise. Time for him to go. Had it with you and GW, too. Used to think you & he were great.
John McCain is an @gop traitor and needs to resign immediately
McCain is a traitor, he was vile to his first wife, he knows nothing about honor and loyalty! UNSEAL YOUR RECORDS!
McCain is a #RINO    You and he are what’s wrong with the #GOP #Draintheswap
McCain is a traitor
Saluting #Songbird McCain. Just one globalist supporting another. Disgusting.
Song bird mccain. Traitor.
The Bushes and McCain have done more damage to America than ISIS and the Taliban.
He's a disgusting piece of garbage like yourself.
How many men died because of the information he provided to the enemy? He sold them out. He is no hero. Should never have pardoned.
Sorry but he has betrayed the troops he served with by providing the enemy with info, he has betrayed the Republican Party & America no hero
McCain is a coward period. He sold out and colluded with North Vietnam and caused the fire on the USS FORESTALL. HIs daddy covered. Swamper!
Thank you sir for comments on President Trump.We're used to a higher standard President Bushes, Obama & Clinton gave us. Need leadership now
Hero? Hardly that and after finding out you voted for #HRC and continue to support anti American Values with #McCain it makes me a little uneasy knowing I served under you.
Not really McCain reminds me of Cain
Well Georgie,Iwas never impressed with you as a leader! President Trump has done more for our country in the last 6 months than you ever did
....and McCain, I am ashamed your even call an American! #Traitor
McCain is no hero.
Does he get a metal for not grabbing peoples asses?
SIR you were a %100 REAL vet.  I liked & Respected McCain the Maverick, I do not like McCain the Billionaire as much.  You both were Patriot
Thanks for your service but no thanks for no repeal.
lulz
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5023041/Third-woman-accuses-George-HW-Bush-groping.html …

I just cannot express how much I would like to see the #Bush family fade into the past.
John is a Zero not a Hero. Doesn't support @POTUS who is a real President! @realDonaldTrump thank you for being #45 love my President

Ex- president George Bush apologies after actress accused him of sexual assault https://susanorji.blog/2017/10/25/ex-president-george-bush-apologies-after-actress-accused-him-of-sexual-assault/ … via @suzdick
I voted for you twice. You were a disaster. Someone in your admin should have read how mcarthur handled the japanese occupation.
Yes, he's a hero for his past service. But your speech attacking pres trump was disgusting. You didn't speak up against pres O for 8 years.
@SenJohnMcCain is a Traitor
First chance to contact you. You’re a true gentlemen  GHWB.
What in the name of all that is good and holy has happened to the GOP?  Make a plea for reason! Everything can't be a conspiracy!
Honoring a #traitor isn't that special
Then at the same time he plays himself off as a war hero, he's a pathetic traitor.
Low life lying bastard. Less Bush, More Trees. Etc.
That's a half-truth. The true portion is still doing damage to trees, literally. Just ask everyone to vote for Ds.
New Proposal Would Give #WesternGovernors Unchecked Power Over America’s National Forests http://thkpr.gs/3668175  
For bombing Vietnamese peasants.... What a hero!


No this was a hero...but not to you I'm certain
Is this the same John McCain who helped float the fake dossier?
Anti American globalist new world order family

Video: Ex- presidents get together in Texas to support Hurricane victims https://susanorji.blog/2017/10/22/video-ex-presidents-get-together-in-texas-to-support-hurricane-victims/ … via @suzdick
I LOVED you and your Son. #WHATHAPPENED?
O M G...!!!

They USE U GB to SEPARATE OUR AMERICA!

Uve BECOME A 'GLOBILIST'''   PAID OFF BY INTERNATIONAL BIZs!!!

WHO doNOT CAREof USA
Nope
No he is NOT!  You, George, are a true Hero! @SenJohnMcCain is a traitor 

Hahaha!

McCain is a traitor.  Had to be pardoned by the president so as not to be convicted of war crimes. #rinossuck
Making America Great Again competes with Globalism and New World Order.  If you and your son are globalists that means you hate America,
Your son is why we got Obama!!  To be a globalist is to hate America because America and nationalism are in the way of Globalism.
Destructive #Globalists stick together

Mr. President, God bless you all. Thank you for your service!
Who Owns the Bush Family = Puppets ...
YOU PROFESS 2 B A "CHRISTIAN" = WHAT WILL U DO WHEN HE HOLDS YOU ACCOUNTABLE 4 ALL THE HORRIBLE - DESPICABLE & MORALLY REPUGNANT 
SHAME ON U
And thank your son George W., for speaking out bravely, against the Nazi cancer that has gripped the Republican Party. We are in dark times.
Can’t undo the votes against protecting unborn & soldiers, and overtaxed undercovered health insured US Citizens!!!
In YOUR day, maybe, but he's NO LONGER ANYBODY'S HERO.  He's part of the RESISTANCE.  He's an obstructionist.
You butt nuzzled the Clintons. GW said nothing against the unconstitutional overreach of obama. NOW you want to attack our President?
John McCain is a traitor and war monger, nwo failure.
https://youtu.be/H6Df_StWPKQ 
TRAITORS  to our country kilked thousands. 911 fraud. Oba5na Clinton"s Bush'S OWNED BY DEEP STATE, GEORGE SOROS  NOT A SECRET  ANY MORE
He's not a hero-he's a traitor since Vietnam-He is also a globalist puppet-much the same as all you Bushes are
You should go after him.
Can u pass a message along to your son please? It's "Still waiting"
NOTE: 9/11 was magic or explosives. http://www.culturesocietyblog.com/2017/10/update-professional-engineers.html … #cnn #msnbc
you globalist have ruined the country in pursuit of  NWO agenda.... you will be stopped
Hello. Does your son read this twitter feed? Do you know what he did?
Last 16 years were a living nightmare for America. We almost lost the American dream thanks to your idiot son, John McCain & Barack Obama
Tell your son he’s COWARD.Obummers minions actually believe they’re going to stop us.We’re taking our country back NOTHING u do will stop us

We the people know you, your son and John Mccain are all Globalists & have been trying to destroy our country for decades. Go away, all of U
MAGA
Saluting a traitor to America? We all know what kind of man you are now. You had us fooled but no more.
You sir as our former President I respected even tho I feel you was the start of selling out our country.
Now you stand there and try to tear down our current President @POTUS but said not one thing when @BarackObama tore apart our nation.
Shame on you and I have no respect for you @GeorgeHWBush @SenJohnMcCain @BarackObama your all traitors and @realDonaldTrump is fixing USA 
Taking pride in your country is something you should do. We should put Americans first and help others as we can. #VetsBeforeIllegals
McCain is not a USA Hero Anymore..
BuildWallTax Reform
Never Trust Worse Pres 43 Bush Obama RapistBillDaddyGrandPaClinton
Most corrupt 3some
That makes zero sense
Your incompetent son Bush Jr presided over biggest economic collapse and now he’s got something to say. Your dynasty was rejected!!
AMERICAN HERO????? REALLY?....That's NOT what I've heard from those that were in Vietnam with  this "SONGBIRD"!
WHY don't you crawl back under the GLOBALIST rock you crawled out from under.YOUR DISGUSTING...never thought you were any damn good.
W
Please tell your son to shut up. He is not our President anymore. Thank you in advance.
You seem nice.
Lot nicer than brain dead liberals. Believe me!
You’re all war criminals
Both of you are evil lying propagandists.
Look all pollies are bought and paid for buy huge corps. But anyone who was in battle Gets a thumbs up. Even if just for a second.
ESTABLISHMENT SUPPORTS IT OWN
Funny how your son was silent when Obama was destroying America but attacks #45. Reminds me why I voted for Dr. Keyes in 2K. @loyaltoliberty
Unseal all of the POW files that McCain had sealed. We'll see if he's a hero or traitor
Bush family's "legacy" is slipping into the swamp.
McCain got the fake Russian dossier attempting to bring down our President Elect/You lied about taxes/W lied about nation building.
How's your new world order working out for you?

Didn't notice that-Thanks Oct 8-12 #pizzagate Franklin-Both this yr 
G.W. said not ONE WORD about the TRAITOR
Not one word cause you're all PAID OFF
Bushies are closet DEMOCRATS
LMAO those cartoon skull emojis complement the terribly written caption perfectly
He's not a hero and you know it!
Gag, McCain is an UNDOCUMENTED DEMOCRAT just like you & your family.
Trump was a democrat if im not wrong and now even though he is rep. His party does not support him. Hence the man with no party.
Ronald Reagan was a democrat once. People can always wake up out of leftwing fog. You should try it.
Ronald and trump dont even compare. There isnt a chance in hell ronald would have liked trump if he were still alive.
Obviously you did not see the letter Reagan sent to him or interview where Nancy recalled Ronald writing it. He predicted Trump would be.
Completely #FakeNews  letter never existed. There was a letter from nixon, a bastard just like trump, not reagan.
Nixon was not great but better than Carter, the Bushs, Clinton & obama. TRUMP IS THE BEST SO FAR.
Im done with this conversation after hearing something that stupid and trump has done absolutely nothing so far that any other pres hasnt.
if you dont you might have do something you don't normally do right?
ALL HAIL MCCAIN    WHATCHA
All about $$$$.  Follow the money.
Outsiders vs. Insiders: John McCain’s betrayal of the conservative grassroots is treasonous http://www.conservativehq.com/article/26507-outsiders-vs-insiders-john-mccain%E2%80%99s-treasonous-betrayal-conservative-grassroots …
1 Year Ago, McCain Said Obamacare a 'Complete Failure'
He was NEVER a WAR HERO! He isn't working for us. He gets money for warmongering! He NEEDS TO RETIRE!
Your son did a good job! You must be very proud, hope Clinton and Obama follow suit.
Thank you for your words!!!
Of course you're a globalist who's father supported the nazis
I am so very proud of my President!! Your son!! God bless him!!
Should have been TraitorOfTraitors award. 
U praising globalism & criticizing nationalism is disgusting!
OWO is BS and will NOT happen!
Now, please, convince him to #ImpeachTrump for the good of the world!! Then, he will be a hero to me!
USS Forestall
Props to McCain for sacrifices, but when chips were down in Sen race, he endorsed Trump. #BlameTheGOP
Awful president and a joke of a senator
I like John his wife can be kind of a bitch but John has a big heart to make up for her.
Many thanks for this gesture and for your service, as well. I am a Democrat who has not forgotten you and won't
Pathetic!
Big. FKn. Deal.
Well deserved the only truly decent Republican left except you Mr President
John McCain is a corrupt trader to America and the American people
save us.
Thankou both
President George H.W. Bush is a classy guy!!! Though havediffering politics, I greatly admire both President Bush & Senator McCain!!!
Then he made a stupid SPEECH
Senator McCain is a true hero and inspiration.  I’m so grateful for your service and dedication to our country.
Yea we get it. Passing out participation medals for your New World Order.
Thank you Mr. President for honoring an American hero! 
He most certainly is it genuine American Hero. I give credit to him for being civil to that man in the White House who degraded him
Hah Ha. He’s got you buffaloed also?
Thank you for this! Pres Bush we thank you for your service to this country and all you have done to contribute to our country!
He is un-American he gave us Obamacare how many more babies are going to be killed by abortion because of his vote against Trump not a hero
Hope you're feeling well,Sir.
2 bad the genuine American hero & U did not stop your son (GW) from going into Iraq. Look where we r now. He almost destroyed US financially
People know @SenJohnMcCain story, but I'm not sure most Americans know YOU are a war hero too. God bless both of you!
Sad sir.
