thnks for the tweet..May good & God be withyous"
glad liked the bowl glad feeling better highest regards & your son is a talented painter indeed says monetsay hi to BB
im at the Californian we named it Rupert
drawin up plans for a mini jakuzzi...nice weather
And what a Super Bowl it was!  GOAT
my biggest hero and among the greatest our country has ever been lucky to honor
hello mr. elder bush, my grandmother's dying wish is to eat a former president's asshole- lmk if you're interested
EVIDENT You&Mrs couldn't handle The Inauguration-fake hospitalization: Nation abandoned your family, saw you for who you are!
amn
You can attend the Super Bowl but not the Inauguration?  Bushes and Clintons are no good and corrupt #SuperBowl
he just got out of hospital and had the decency to send a letter. Give him a break.
Should of said "Getting fired up for Sunday like the twin towers ayyy lmao"
@laurawbush    P.B. tonight on @jimmykimmel made us laugh so hard. To have a sense of humor is of the utmost importance.
-iMPORT...COM PRAZER DUART  ...CONFIDENC
Great tweet and GIF Mr. President!
You did an awful job. Quit while you're ahead. #Clone #IlluminatiPuppet #XOXO
Glad you were feeling better.
Support fully my pres Trump, so he can help USA,
It was such a pleasure seeing you and the first lady at the Super Bowl.
26 years ago you you have said to Kuwait ambassador " Ambassador Alsabah, Kuwait is Free" and today we are celebrating that.
Thank you so much former President 
happy president day
please watch our video!
Islam is imperialistic ideology disguised as a religion invented by a narcissist  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmGh2aV2kcs&feature=share …
-if u ever need a friend I'm always here sir.:)
SUPERBOWL REV. GLOBAL POLITICAL GLADIATOR GAMES.NEUTRAL. DEAD POLITICIANS SOCIETY! EXT. POLITICAL HUNGER GAMES.
Great to see you an Barbara there, sir!
you tossed the coin couldn't even flip it
Can't believe we elected you. What a joke!
Bush and Bilderberg Group kidnap and rape children.
I'm a democrat, but Mr. President, you have my respect. I enjoyed reading about the notes you would write your grandchildren.
.  Please help me I am in trouble
i can see you are also not receiving the health support that is possible... next few days may find you ... @PeltierHQ NOW&then
Pres. Bush & Barbara Bush, God Bless you both andl family, you made my night, always in our prayers Thank you,   Superbowl51,
So good to see you at the Super Bowl!  America misses your intelligence and grace.
Biggest highlight of the game for me.
- absolutely love President 41 and Mrs. Bush.  Two great Americans!!!
he can make it to the damn superbowl but not the inauguration?? I see you!
Great to see you up and around
@martino_vin my boy George Bush
God bless u pres.bush! i'm so glad you r feeling better! it was great seeing u @ the game! pls tell your family i love 'em 2!
it was great to see you out today, your looking great.
You did great, President Bush. Glad you and Barbara are well enough to come out for the coin toss. So good to see you both.
GREAT seeing you  and the Mrs, ! Bless you.
Made me tear up.  God bless you sir.
Heartwarming to see you & Barbara at the game. Your family is very special to so many of us. Continued health & happiness.
YES what a come back !! Greatest game ever !!
love you and your wife
Welcome to Super Bowl 51. So happy to see you & your wife looking so good. God Bless America 
Former President Bush, Sir it's wonderful to see you and the former first lady doing well. G-D bless you sir
So nice to see you and Mrs. Bush at the Big Game.
I just found out how evil the Bush family cartel really is. All that money won't keep you from hell
nice job, respect you a lot
great seeing you and Mrs. BUSH out of hospital
so happy to see you and Barbara well! 
GREAT TO SEE G.&B. BUSH AT
THE GAME! GO ATLANTA!
you did great!!!
@CarolNBC4 God bless you and your family
So great to see you and Mrs. Bush. Thanks for standing for goodness, compassion, and the true American spirit.
#Riseup
Great to see you,
so wonderful to see you both. Gave me goosebumps. You look well. God bless America
You sir were a great President . God bless you and your gracious First Lady !
Beautiful moment. Thankful the Bushes were in good enough health to make this. #SuperBowl #SuperBowlSunday 
Great seeing you for the #SuperBowl coin toss, Mr. President!
Put them both in a home. Cheaper and easier for secret service
I just noticed this. Nice lead up, Mr President. Great coin toss, by a TRUE PRESIDENT
Would have loved to see @GeorgeHWBush ride out in a made in the USA Amigo POV/scooter! RT if you agree  #Superbowl #MadeInAmerica
We love you! Great performance
Made our night to see you and your beautiful wife- wonderful 1st Lady! All the best to you and your family! #family #weloveyou
been praying for you and your precious wife.  Just believing God to continue to bring you good health!
You Sir, did an amazing Job! You brought tears to my eyes to see Mrs. Barbara Bush, and then I saw you...more tears!
isn't it nice to know he truly deserves to be called "Sir" and "Mr President " ? Makes me proud.
#RESPECTFULLY Thank You, Much #RESPECT given.
best coin toss ever. Period. That was priceless. Bless your hearts! 
nice seeing you and your wife
what an honor to see U 41 flip the coin @superbowl 51. Glad u r better and to your first lady Barbara.the two of u inspire me
Great seeing you and Mrs. Bush looking so great! God Bless you both!
So awesome to see you and Mrs. Bush!! God Bless you both! #SuperBowl2017
well done Mr President. 
great job!!
Glad you were there to do the #cointoss! @GeorgeHWBush THANK YOU
- Good to see you. I feel like America is united today 
God Bless you and your family! 
you made my day! Thank you!
It was so nice to see you and Barbara looking well at #SuperBowl2017
it was very touching to see the former President and his wife in good health today.  
I didn't vote for him but I am emotional seeing him do the coin toss
God Bless you and your beloved wife Mr President 
thank you
#SuperBowl #cointoss
Ready to see you flip the coin! Going to be a great game!
I put in a demand and I hope you Daddy Bush get appology from USAA who needs to go see star wars Rogue
Well wishes to the Bushes my how God Repays
, Majesty i thank you for all you do in order to release me , still in home prison
@sarahpilla the best Bush!
Give them Hell GB
love it @realDonaldTrump
I'm gonna miss it!  I'll be at church until 7PM.  Maybe I'll tape it (although I'm pretty sure they'll replay the coin toss).
thrilled he recovered and can participate!!!!
@JennaBushHager might need to get my The Time is Now Reagan/Bush pin out of my mom's attic for the day! #lovedhimsinceiwas10
@KPRC2  So happy you're doing well sir. Have fun today!!
@JennaBushHager looking forward to seeing You and Mrs. Bush at the #superBowlLI
@BarbaraBushFdn Good #SuperBowl Sunday Morning So happy you've both been released from hospital & feeling healthy 
Looking forward to seeing you and Mrs. Bush today, Mr. President!! Wishing you the best. #SuperBowl
I think the whole world would rather take the law of the jungle rather than submit to new world order satanic illuminati scum.
@JennaBushHager Go Patriots! Sorry, Mr. President.  I live in New England.  I'm glad you are out of the hospital.
thank you for your leadership and years of service, you remain a true American hero and inspiration- Semper Fi
#inception
Be well, Mr and Mrs. Bush.
you look like a tom brady fan
@yaakov_shlomo 
For the first time since my dad died I will watch the  #Superbowl
- A big thank you to your son for leaving a life line we didn't know existed. #JudgeRobart
George HW Bush was a giant CUCK who stabbed us all in the back with Globalism.

#Trump #TrumpTrain #tcot #pjnet #ccot #NRA
I'm so glad you and Mrs. Bush are feeling better and we can't wait to cheer you on for the coin toss.
we love you Mr. President!  So glad you are feeling healthy and ready to go!  God bless you. 
Waiting for Sunday!!  @GeorgeHWBush @JennaBushHager
good health wishes, FALCONS win
can't wait !
> God Bless you, Mrs. Bush, and your family, Mr. President
.. God Bless you George and Barbara...Dr. Bill
I call heads..lol
so happy you are feeling better!!
You are THE MAN! Glad you are feeling better! This is the best part of this Super Bowl.
so exciting love you and Mrs Bush
@JennaBushHager  Toin Coss?
Enjoy the day and the game sir!  Stay well!
“@GeorgeHWBush: Getting fired up for Sunday and #SuperBowl. ” this should be a good game sir. Ravi :)
we will be cheering for you!!
Bush was US President
911 PILOT TRAINED CHICAGO ON A TEMP VISA! THEY WERE COMMUNICATING COUNTRY 2 COUNTRY! VET!
Poppy, this Democrat will be cheering your coin flip!
so it's been a dream this whole time
So glad that you are feeling better! Rest up for all of the festivities! #SuperBowl
@FOX10Phoenix. Where the fuck have you been
@puppymnkey inception!
@puppymnkey No offense sir, but I think we have bigger problems right now than a freaking football game.
will never be a fan of you or your family! Ever.. good tweet though.. Patriots
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE!
Go Pats!
@warroomalerts Enjoy!
@sdvicto So glad you're better.  
@InsideSourcesDC Sir your the man GREAT
Thankful prayers answered for speedy recovery ! Toss em well #SuperBowl2017
Give em HELL  41 Remember the Avenger!!!
I can't wait!!! #GoPatriots
Best wishes Prez Bush and to Mrs.
you are the best
@SuperBowl   If you don't realize TB12 is the greatest QB of all time,  you're either blind or stupid.
Glad to see you in good spirits. Go #Patriots !
