
But who would be surprised tho?
Dan's looking more like Jack Kennedy with age..
One of the greatest teams in recent history. VP Quayle's contribution is greatly understated. He should have ran for POTUS in 1996
God bless, Sir.  Didn't always agree with you, but you have always been a man of integrity and decency.  Something in short supply today.
My sentiments exactly!
Dan Quayle, finally gaining acceptance. 
One of the most underestimated VPs in History. He should have ran for POTUS in 1996!
As a Hoosier- love to see you two together! Awesome duo!
Nice to see dan again
After he kills many people his face 
real Monster 
Used to live in the Port. Neighbors! Please work to  rid us of trump. He is insane.
Without him, I wouldn't have prayed for you every single day you were in office (+during the transition period). Great guy.
Best pair, however President Reagan is still better than Vice President Quayle. Both respect.
May as well be Obongo.
You and VP Quayle caused this. You both along with James Baker steered a steady ship of change for the world. Best wishes!
Did you tell Dan you voted for Clinton? I voted for both Bush's, but the way you speak about Trump, the Republicans choice, makes me sick!
A LIFETIME OF SATANISM.
I wish you to understand, what was really going on, especially around you and your son George W. Bush, mainly in politics. Cheers!
Your family has turned out to be the biggest disappointment. Disgusted that we ever voted for you or your NWO son.
Lost all respect for you today after falling in with this hysteria surrounding the Charlottesville situation. Trump is totally right on this
:)5:)
I can't help but wonder if you pinched his butt as he sat down? :-)
@realDonaldTrump Here's an example of a tweet by a REAL president. Stop tweeting stupid GIFs portraying you harming other Americans. LEARN.

I resent what you said about Trump. He couldn't have been more clearer in denouncing all hate groups.
The good friends are very happy to meet again ! Enjoy.
Every past president that is still alive needs to come forward now and denounce Trump and advocate for him being declared unfit for office.
Love you both!!!!!

To @ladygaga, I recommend you begin by looking at this resource:
Please, Mr. President, join with the other ex-Presidents and speak out together against Trump and his support for racism. We are going down.
Did you School him on how to spell potato ?
Can't you speak up now?
Mr. President, please get together with all living ex-presidents and stand against this rising neo-Nazi movement. The nation needs you all
Mr. President, I may not have voted for you but I could disagree and still respect you as a patriotic American hero. Be well sir & frmr VP
It is truly a blessing sir to see one of my favorite presidents doing well also say hi to your!!! beautiful wife!!!
Please pass 100.
It would be nice to be the first.
Don't be fooled. This man & his family are criminals of the highest order. #BushCrimeFamily #BushIsJFKAssassin  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlYUhsxA8fI …
SKY DIVER!
Love this .. so good to see you ..
You're looking fat and old. Hail to the NWO
The president to great man I thought you did a great job while he was there. Thank you sir.            Fred.
I was just watching Bill Maher, did you really have that twitter war with Trump. It was great and you won! best comebacks ever.
How does it feel to be a VP of an Antichrist and raise an Antichrist?

Beer me man
Best wishes to two honorable public servants and real gentlemen
Great to seeing you smiling Mr. President
Wonderful picture
God bless.Sir
This is terrific!
The good old days
I LOVE YOU DAD AND MO. YOUR LITTLE GIRL. ONE.
Two great men.
your Tweet was quoted by @CNN

Nice to see you healthy! Best!
What a wonderful photo!
Love hearing from you and all the Bush's. . Still have your notes framed. Anita
Your wonderful spirit and great service lifts all our spirits. Thank you for sharing your visit with VP Quayle. 
You look awesome Mr president
Great picture,Sir! Honored to have interviewed former VP Quayle for our #TV52 when in Bham ! Appreciate you both for your service! 
Love this photo. Two great men! Wish they were back!
This team sure was right about Murphy Brown and the perils of promoting single motherhood.
Not a bad golfer  either.
They were a great team! Bush 41 was the last of the blooded patriots to serve in the White House.
I wanna be a 100x millionaire public servant.
@GeorgeHWBush 
Awww! President George H.W. Bush you're so adorable. Hehe! 
Great picture At least you were both men of honor and intergrity something we do not have now
That's true.
God Bless President Bush-41.  The last republican this independent eagerly voted for. I respect this man and his service to this country.
We miss you George.
@mattklewis Good to see you looking well Sir.
Dear George you have wonderful health care its too bad you and your Son never tried to start Bushcare. Obamacare isn't prefect but it helps.
What would we give to have "George H" bring his character & quality of leadership back to OUR Whitehouse? !! Feeling very nostalgic this AM
Did you have a potatoe?
Miss you Mr President
Love you 
Hey Mr President, would you go to DC & get rid of the Trumpesteer? Please
These two along with prezs that followed brought old glory to her knees thank god for Trump!!!!
We could use you guys today. 
So good to see you looking well and in such fine spirits, sir.
He's so precious I can't handle it @SchwartzPaige
Mi respeto y admiración para Ud Sr. Presidente y mi tocallo. God Bless!! Thank
Interesting fact Dan Quayle and Mike Pence attended the same law school.
Love you POTUS 41!!!!
What great picture! You both look great!   Glad you can both still laugh about that darn "E!"
we've been on a steady decline since 1988. is it bc we won the cold war and just got sloppy? decadent? hoping prez trump reverses course.
Precious! Love to both!
We love you GeorgeHW, and all you did through your entire life from war, to government, and to just plain decency and love.  Thank you, Sir!
My Dad, a WWII vet was just like you. Even kind of looked like you. I miss him so bad sometimes my bones hurt. You were the greatest gen.
Great to the President looking so well.
Wow, I almost long for this Republican ticket today..... #sad
Please do something about Donald John Trump, surely you and the surviving presidents realize he is mentally unstable.
#SALUTE
Ya a stay away order is placed on Donald Trump for stalking I don't even no u n keep pressing me for attention
Sorry I'm HIV negative ya suffer
What a great team. If I could have voted in 1988, I would have voted for you guys. #BushQuayle88
Yep more damaging weather good filthy America good
Tell bush my blood can save his dad n I don't mind helping his pop
love this pic and the big smiles! God bless you both!
Friends 
Hello President @GeorgeHWBush.
My Dad was active in the Republican party and worked with Sen. Prescott Bush to elect D. Eisenhower. Bless U.
God, I'm a Dem, and I miss you guys!
Hope you and the Mrs. are doing well
Love this.  Two of the most underrated public servants this country has produced.  Giants.
Looking good love the smile Mr. President.
Always thought Dan got a bad rap. In my few encounters, he was bright, kind, thoughtful.
Lots of respect and gratitude from this Democrat, Mr. President
Wonderful to read your tweets for a change.
Always hopeful & happy.
You & Mrs. Bush, please stay healthy & keep tweeting your joy.
I LOVE YOU DAD.  YOU ARE A BLESSING TO ALL.  YOUR LITTLE GIRL.  ONE.
I am so honored to have been a citizen of this country while you were #POTUS. I wish you many more years of health and happiness.
Looking Great sir!
We thought Dan was not the smartest person. He seems like an elder statesman now.
It was the mispelling of potato ( potatoe) that did him in!!
As a Spelling Bee judge, no less.
When I was six, I had the biggest crush on VP Quayle.  Used to make my mama clip out pictures of him from the newspaper and save them.  
You're the best Mr President! Love 41 and 43! Many blessings to you both!♡♡♡
Love the photo & tweet.  I didn't vote for either of you but look at this photo of you both with great fondness in this terrible time.
I have great admiration and respect for you. God bless you Mr. President.
There is much for young people to learn from you Mr. President, as a young person, I know I do!
Thank you for posting President Bush. Love hearing from you.
Awesome!
Eventually the truth will come to light about JFK..and the involvement of the CIA, oil boys, mafia...
Nice







Looking good, Gents.
Sr Bush never should have hobbled his incompetent son into the oval office. It was a disservice and a disaster for our country! @laurawbush
Welcome sir George bush
Mr President you were my favorite! God bless you and Barbara 
Favorite president of my lifetime. Dan still no Jack Kennedy, though.
Mississippi, hornlake..love to see you smile Mr . president
very nice.
So good to see you.  Awesome smiles!!!!
You're a Sight for sore eyes Mr. President. 
When did you last see each other?
Nice to see you tweeting, Mr. President. You're one in a million.
