Old @GeorgeHWBush Can't believe you said 'reached out', now we know of your groping assaults. Don't sweat it, coot. Ass grabbing ain't no Franklin scandal & you blew thru that - pardon the pun
How many mistresses did he have during his 73 years of marriage?
The former president doesn't look very happy.
Do you grope them too?????
guess even Satan doesn't want your ilk in hell...

May God punish those involved in the Franklin scandal.
Congratulations Mr. President. A real republican.
He was a republican, he is now a democrat.
Happy Birthday Sir!  May your heart be filled with love joy and laughter!
9/11 was an inside job
and his demon sons were the ones that pulled it off...
I'm sure glad @HillaryClinton didn't read them to you, she might would have deleted them!!! #LOCKHERUP
God bless you all.
Is that like hampster now we need to change it to Gropester. lmao. I'm kidding. Yes I'm a smart ass. Watch my videos. lol. You'll laugh.
Happy Birthday Mr. President! So  proud of you!
Happy birthday from the Australian American Leadership Dialogue  ,Mr President . We are growing from strength to strength thanks to a conversation that you had with Phil Scanlan on SYDNEY Harbour in 1992.
Enjoy Mr President and have a nice time
:)5:)
Happy Birthday MR PRESIDENT! Hope you had a great time on your special day~
Reopen the 9/11 investigation
Happy Birthday 41
Republican,  Patriot,  Warrior
 All American Grandpa!!
Who cares just another expensive funeral taxpayers will have to fork out when he croaks
Read my lips. Your old lol
Happy birthday to you my former President Bush father.
Glad to see your daughter-in-law is sitting far away from you, groper-in-chief.
Happy birthday mr. President.
U have to ask my Dr mckoy my DNA may b to Strong for some
911
Happy Belated..
Happy birthday!
Jesus he's crusty
Happy belated Birthday, Mr. President! You are one of the best. We applaud all you have done for your country since WWII. Much love. Enjoy!!
Nice to see you are well. We have been duped. Will our democracy survive this so called president? HELP!
Truth unveiled (part 2): George HW Bush:
Truth unveiled - George HW Bush:
so i decided to study English since that day. i am still remembering that day , i went home after class.
his confidence that showed during speech, and he asserted that value of democracy and freedom. I was totally attracted.
And you big son also help China too much. Why I keep learning English? because George had a public speech in Beijing.

chk out the date on ur tweet, jun 13
I LOVE YOU DAD, MO, AND KIDS.  YOU ARE MINE.  PAULY. ONE.
Happy Birthday.. wish you were back
Sir,  I may not have always agreed with you politically but you always brought respect & dignity to the Presidency & for that I thank you.
Kennebunkport is a beautiful place
Please speak with current President and let him know to stop making a mockery of democracy and start acting professionally.
I LIVE YOU KIDS AND ONES.  KARINA ONE.
Napster rev bit torrent neutral bit comet. data.
Debunked
What
Well wishes Mr. President. Enjoy your time. God Bless
Happy belated Birthday . I have never voted republican, but I was never worried when you, Reagan and your son were president.  Scared now
Will you come to KHS class of 1987 reunion? You gave all of us our diplomas 30 years ago when you were VP! Please come! It would mean a lot!
Happy birthday to you.From Japan.
Mr. President, HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY, SIR!!!

Next to President Ronald Regan. The BEST President we ever had.
I LOVE YOU DAD.. HAVE A BLESSED DAY. PAULY ONE.
Happy Fathers day to President Bush Sr., President George Bush Jr., Governor Bush also to Neil and Marvin.
sir, it's all about the music and split between the east and the west. What about Nature on our dying planet. Today the born start dying.
How adorable are you?! Happy birthday, Mr. President. 
I LOVE YOU, MO, DAD, GEORGE AND KIDS.  MINE.  PAULY.  ONE.
EVER LASTING FIRE Has Been Prepared For The DEVIL AND HIS ANGLES. You Will NO LONGER Desieve MY People.
@GeorgeBush
To EVER LASTING PUNISHMENT You Go. Depart From ME You Cursed Drunk People SEALED With DEATH.

Happy Birthday Mr. President. I wish you the best. #HappyBirthday41
Support Trump  Bush family and you might get our support back!
It is great to see President @GeorgeHWBush ! You look wonderful! #GOP
Happy Birthday Blessings! From WV
I LOVE YOU DAD AND MO. KISSES AND HUGS. MINE.  PAULY.  ONE.
A truly great American. We had a Navy Seal who was injured at Walkers Point. President Bush checked on him every day. He is the "real deal"
Happy Birthday President Bush!!!
Who's that lady in the foreground?
Hope you had a great birthday Mr. President!
Happy birthday Mr president George Bush
Happy Birthday, President Bush!  Wishing you a very blessed day filled with all the people you love.  I love you to the moon and back! 
We all love you Mr. President.  Please be well.
Happy Birthday Mr. President..
President Bush, very special.
Happy Birthday sir
God Bless You, Mr. President!
I LOVE YOU DAD AND MO.  YOU ARE MINE.  PAULY. ONE.

Happiest Birthday to you! Many more!
Happy 29th Birthday fine sir.....always young art heart
God bless you Mr. President and happy birthday
@RealLaurieDhue Happy Birthday sir!!
Happy Birthday President Bush
Happy Birthday Mr. President
Seems happy since we got that Saddam
You, Mr. President, are truly a Great Man. I continue to be one of your most loyal fans. Happy Birthday Mr. President.
Wish you were back in the Oval Office, Mr. President
You met my two daughters at the EOB when you were VP. I will never forget your kindness toward them as little girls. Happy Birthday sir!
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday!  Hope you had a nice trip on the boat!
You need to tell us about the wildlife you see!
A belated Happy Birthday Mr. Bush!
Happy Birthday Mr President!
Happy Birthday to you sir You are a kind man.
Love!
Happy belated birthday, Mr President
Wonderful to see an admired Pres. and all wearing life jackets! Great example! Americas Boating Club likes!
Hbd, sir!!
Happy belated birthday Mr. President!
You & ur son r so respectful of others, and u live by values, principles & character & r not about self. You r true leaders.
Happy Birthday !  You have always enjoyed being out on the river and bay so much. Happy Trails George!
God Bless you, sir.
Happy Belated Birthday, Sir! With gratitude & gratefulness for your service to our country-God Bless you and your family!
Happy Birthday, Mr. President!
Happy Birthday President Bush!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY President  George HW Bush!
Thanks for being a true American hero, sir. Birthday wishes
Thank you Mr. President and a Happy Birthday!
Brother George I saw your tweet before this got it.I am firm you have.Grandpa.Signed.HWERBD
God bless you and your wonderful family. Happy birthday, Mr. President!
happy birthday Mr. President
Happy birthday Mr. President!
Pecan pie and Ice Cream
Happy Birthday Papa Bush!
God speed. Enjoy. You look great stay well Mr. President
Happy birthday Mr. President @GeorgeHWBush
Happy birthday to my favorite Prez!!! Cheers for a fabulous year and happy times with beautiful Barbara 
You're using  the wrong flag: Liberia USA  #Flagday
A hero. A patriot. Thank you and Happy Birthday.
I think u could've went skydiving Mr. President
A retired Chief Petty Officer renders a hand salute.  Wishing you fair winds and a following sea for the rest of your days.
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday Mr. President! We met on the flight deck of the USS Iwo Jima in 1983, and again at NAS Jacksonville during your campaign.
I hope you had an exceptional birthday! 
you spelled gangster wrong
It is an honor to wish you a happy birthday, sir!
Belated Happy Birthday!  You are awesome and so is Barbara!
Your a good man!
I am so thankful for you. Happy Birthday Sir.
HAPPY FIRST DAY remembrance celebration to you, Mister President, and
best wishes to your goode health always!!!
Happy Birthday Mr. President!
happy birthday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIR!
America Still Loves You, Mr. President!! God Bless You 
God bless you as you graceful age out.HBD
Happy birthday sir
Happy birthday Mr. President I hope you've had a great day you and your lovely bride can't wait to see you on your 94th. Fred
Happy Birthday Mr President
Gosh we miss/love the Bush family  in public life. Lead by example for many years
All the best to you for a wonderful year Mr. President!
Happy bday Mr President. Proud to have the same last name :)
Very cool. What does SW on the hat stand for? Looks like CWS emblem on side.
That's a Little League World Series hat.
Happy belated birthday President Bush
Happy Birthday Mr. President.
@WLBZ2 happy  birthday.
Cant stand the man, he is a NWO freak and we wont talk about JFK.
