Terrible smack in Texas Face, who hates Clinton & OBAMA!
Who cares if they have a problem with Clinton and Obama ,they should just grateful for the help.
They take , Trump gives !
Trump wants to take away Daca from 800,000 people and didnt he want to take away health care and replace it with something worse.
Nope, but you're a smart person, you'll figure it out
DACA keeps criminals in America Obama care only makes insurance companies rich and made more people homeless
No DACA keeps people who go to school and and work in the USA.Also it brings billions of dollars to the economy.
Don't think so CRW.  DACA allows illegals to take jobs away from American citizens which unemployment cost billions. Must be America first !
Send your money they'll funnel it into some globalist hedge fund 4 criminals 4 terrible men (if you can consider Obama a man) elitists all
Oh and the stooge Jimmy(the oil crisis is real and it is worldwide)Carter guess he needs some money also
Have they DONATED
Yeah they have donated your money, while Trump has donated his money
OH HELL NO !!!  These shameful people sign the back of checks,  Trump signs the FRONT  !!!  Trump Nation !!! . #MAGA
lol didn't the trump whitehouse say they were gonna donate $1mil out of his pocket to Harvey victims ? Where's that ?
Where the money went is posted on the web if you know how to use the internet
last time I checked I saw "Trump Team doesn't know where the money will come from" yeah lol ok
only bush h. and bush .w only
H sold the Wh to Clinton who returned it to w and gave it back after helping Obama destroy the world's economy they are all thieving elites
are you all going to give $1 million of your own money,like President Trump has? Or are you asking the people to do it for you?
Amen!!!!!!!!!  Trump Nation !!! 
You mean fellow co-conspirators and criminals
Why didn’t you distinguished leaders include President Trump?  Disappointing how fellow R’s are treating him with disrespect.
It’s because those presidents are corrupted
How much money did you give? Smells like phonies.
I think the five of you should be invited and honoured at the White House , but I wouldn’t hold my breath waiting !!
I can go str8 Pro str8 2 da $$$ Chest Hop Blue Scorpion21
Right here is the perfect poster picture of the worlds biggest TRAITORS!
3 Belts
One family not friends. Thanks for your response to my harmless tweet. Your assassins have arrived.
One huge group of Luciferian Illuminati Anti American Corrupt Goons
Another caption should be hands in deep pockets. lol.
Where current POTUS? Is he not good enough for this distinguished group.
He’s too good
Left out the best President ever #45 the ONE WHO IS DRAINING THE SWAMP YOU LIVED ON & loved !
I wouldn't call Bill or Barrack distinguished or leaders. Just a couple of knuckleheads.
Shhhhhhh. Don’t draw attention to yourself after the sexual harassment allegations. Not appropriate. Go away.
Noble gesture but would be awesome if you past Presidents would support current President.
Noble gesture to ask for your money? Trump gave his own money
Several crooks in this pic!

Bush family needs to stop cryin. Truth is their boy Jeb was not a good presidential candidate. Bush family has lost respect of millions now.
Disgraceful how you're so buddy buddy with Obama and Clinton. Guess their indiscretions are worth overlooking ????
Thank you for you distinguished, honorable service Mr. President.
Not a honorable thought between these criminals ever
I think what all of our former Presidents is doing to help is great.
Prob only 10% of $ will get to victims. Those guys are drooling over all the $$$ they will rake in! Haitians still living under cardboard.
This makes me kind of sad to look at. I haven't always agreed with all of these presidents, but I love and respect every one of them!
All of these presidents are garbage 
 Clinton foundation scam  Obama sending money to Palestine Muslims 
The bushes starting wars over oil
This is the time we need to come together not have Americans pulling other Americans down
We are together don't send these crooks money go to the Samaritans Purse
Exactly they're all crooks Bill Clinton seems like the biggest crook along with the bushes
Not divided America, ever!  #ThinkingofBarbaraBushtodayandherfamilywithluv 
NWA 60-0 Tag Champs First Year Steve the Blue Scorpion got Big $$$ 4 dat 21 LAN Budlight Coronas take ova

Thank you for continuing to serve our country, sir.
@Scaramucci Never...where did the Haiti money go?  I would never give a dime to anything a Clinton is involved in!
So true.  Haitians still living in cardboard houses. Discusting.
where is our distinguished President Trump 
?  He was there before some of you get up.
The current president is missing from this picture.
Great to see you all together.  I hope you also get together and stand up for our democracy against @realDonaldTrump
Awesome! 
They could have shown President Trump some support. He gave one million of his own money good for Harvey. These ex Presidents are mannerless
Agreed, these five shameful people sign the back of your checks, while Trump signs in the front of his
where is your own $1,000,000 like Trump gave?
Amen!!!!!!!  Trump Nation !
do some research on who you're donating it to him where your money's going a lot of these foundations are fake
Yes do u r research - this money goes through GPS Bush Library foundation  and 100% is sent directly to the relief fund
If you believe that you believe in the tooth fairy
Do u believe that Trump is actually giving $1M of his OWN money? If so, then we both believe in the tooth fairy.
HARP technology? Raising money with no long term solutions? Exploitation of disaster donations through the Clinton /Bush foundation.
Where are the distinguished leaders? I don’t see any #maga
93 & still pervin' on gals younger than his own granddaughters. Yeah, I think I'll pass on any advice he has to give...
Disgraceful that former POS would completely leave out the current sitting POTUS. It only confirms what we already knew ALL LIBERAL DBAGS
Really.  This is sad to see.
Nice vomit worthy performance between you and Michelle Obama.  How much were you bought for?
Hmm everyone present except their puppeteer George Soros.
Thanx 4 teach'ng PolySci at Duke as president.  Consider saying "climate change is real" for some deniers who deny due to 45th pres lies..
Hope this people get the money unlike the 911 victims...remember???
This is a picture of the Establishment who gave away our jobs pushed down wages made military weaker lined their pockets off our backs MAGA
How about rallying behind our phenomenal @potus as you embraced @Bill Clinton @BarackObama &Carter ? Division is sinister indeed.
All globalist  elites  power  grabbing, money hungrey, Comunist

Crooks stick together in corruption and in pretending
Thanks, Mr. President. Wish you had been able to show this mind of compassion when you were in office.
Age and soft living mellows them
Anti American globalists.  Each of them made me miss Reagan even more.  All POS.
The only distinguished leader I see here might be President Jimmy Carter...
NEW WORLD ORDER, ONE AND ALL. Satanism is BIPARTISAN.
Really? That slimy Clinton and the America hater, obama?
At least Carter had a good heart - never murdered anybody  like the other
One person conspicuously missing
dear George bush senior , i doubt some world gangs as killers of class intentions & moves & better FBI/USA look into the matter & truth?um*+

All complicit in awareness of weather warfare against Americans -- high treason
click link to say thank you http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=36689 
& OBAMA ANAKIN THE ONE WHO WILL BRING BALANCE TO THE FORCE! LOL...
YIN YANG IN BALANCE....2 DEMS 2 REPS...
You, Obama and Clinton disgusting human beings thugs.
This is the one of the most beautiful picture of great men.
There seems to be a technical issue...

Video: US military trains alongside its South Korean counterparts in Pohang, South Korea https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/13/video-us-military-trains-alongside-its-south-korean-counterparts-in-pohang-south-korea/ … via @wordpressdotcom

Europe steps up response to Hurricane Irma https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/13/europe-steps-up-response-to-hurricane-irma/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Well I could do without Bill and that Peanut farmer Liberal in the photo. On team playing we have to tolerate the left even if their wrong.

Why Irma wasn't as castastrophic in Florida as feared https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/12/why-irma-wasnt-as-castastrophic-in-florida-as-feared/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Can't call it a party without dat Record nWo
nWo Blue & Black nWo 1200-0 nWoSteve the Scorpion WWEHeavyWeight Intercontinental Champion Both titles PowerBomB DDT nWo
21
Nice
Obama looks young here




The monster like Bush can marry just a BITCH!!



It was a size 10 lol

Video: police arrest looters caught on Camera as Hurricane Irma ripped through Florida https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/11/video-police-arrest-looters-caught-on-camera-as-hurricane-irma-ripped-through-florida/ … via @wordpressdotcom
All coming together? Did you invite Pres Trump to join your establ group? Will needy get your$ or will it be likeClinton/Bush Haiti fraud?
Speak out NOW about #globalWarming catastrophe that we have just begun to see. National action to reduce #climateChange&planet destruction.

Stunning video: Cops rescue two people attempting to ride out Hurricane Irma on a boat https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/11/stunning-video-cops-rescue-two-people-attempting-to-ride-out-hurricane-irma-on-a-boat/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Good to see leaders who actually CARE about America joining hands.  Here's hoping the love comes Florida's way as well.
GOD BLESS YOU Mr. Presidents
Sad to see you tarnish your legacy by associating with the clintons and their foundation.  Sad.  And Obama?  His legacy is ISIS, or ISIL
Take notes @realDonaldTrump
Take notes @DonaldJTrumpJr
l
Hurricane
Video: Water overtaking the sea wall as the city braces for the impacts of Hurricane https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/10/video-water-overtaking-the-sea-wall-as-the-city-braces-for-the-impacts-of-hurricane/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Mr. President, thank all of you.
How hypocritical that they join each other for one issue.  Why don't they speak out about antifa and other violent groups also.
Why don't they try backing our President and decry this violence by leftists?  Hypocrisy personified.
Where is trump pic? It's clear ya all are the establishment
None of you have ever helped America
Sorry sir but when one of four of you calls for resistance hard to support maybe the three of you
 I'll send my money in other ways to help
Trump donate 1 million out of his own money  how much you presidents. Donate ????
Clinton stolen money from Haiti   Obama stolen money to Iran.  No thanks  just don't trust those shameful president s
hah five ex presidents come together while the current man is still too busy being a complete and utter cock.
I think I'll find a reputable charity thank you. Chances of money coming up missing is way to great to trust you five.
These 5 need to stay in past..a little late for limelight ..only only only one i may trust would be Carter with habitat of humanity
Donate to us so we can steal the world's money
Every single person in this picture ruined the country in some way.
You left someone out of this photo. You should be ashamed!
Why worry? Trump using LIBERAL playbook
These voices have over 32 years of Presidential  experience. Trump may be President but power rests with these past Presidents
The last five liberal Presidents
The Lucifer Presidents
Wow, Mr. President, looks like the RussiaBots and TrumpTrolls are really after you guys. Not to worry, sane people know better.
@bridget4kicks  ohhh you mean OBAMA has come off the golf course?
Leaders, my ass!  Nice try.  Real "Leaders" don't play the game of Carrot & Stick with the People of this country #GoToBed @realDonaldTrump
It's been going on since Carter and you know it.
From the Iran Contra affair to smuggling cocaine heroin to murder in Mena. AR. airport to arming ISIS and Al Qaeda all crooked President's 


Great idea
What happened to all the $$$ that the Clintons collected for Haiti?
Weren't the Bushes in on THAT
A big hug to the one and only giver there and that would be Jimmy Carter. Building homes for humanity at 91 years old. Bravo!
My young nephew was a victim. Lost everything. Was told he didn't need flood insurance. How does he get some of the donation money?
YES @aliciakeys @cher @ChelseaClinton @katiecouric @chelseahandler @SeaBrinkley @USMC @HuffPost @HumanRtsV @goldiehawn @WhoopiGoldberg
Haiti is still waiting for the money collected for earthquake victims. Ask Bill where it is?
@realDonaldTrump gives 1 million & orchestrates a great Government response to #Harvey NOW these guys show their "support" ...calling BS
Massive FEMA Graves Caught On Cam In Houston Texas?
 Massive FEMA Graves Caught On Cam In Houstohttps://goo.gl/XpgAVun Texas? (September!
They Do The Destruction, Then They Want Praise" A Bunch Of Soulless Bastards , Jesus Is Our Revenge The Elites Will BE Domed .
Omg to think one day Trump may be in one of these pictures is so disheartening. It's like one of those "which one doesn't belong pics."
I just need to know where the money goes and how much is put towards administrative cost...period!
If Trump not invited.  It is outrageous!
Ditch 43 and I'll contribute.
Yeah not like the clinton foundation gave to Haiti. I'm giving thru a reputable charity.
U r helping that guy there, what's his name, oh ya Bill line his pockets again.He never lets a natural disaster go to waste.Ask the Haitians
They should just give a few million from their pockets,  but No,  they are asking for our $ to give!!  Losers!!
Did any of them donate any of their own money to the recovery?
Everyone of them should be in jail for crimes against humanity. Torturer's, murderers and killers of babies and children.
Thank you, sir.
Now talk about Trump! Please! We need your real opinions and guidance about this "situation"!
You refused/failed to vote for @realDonaldTrump. Voted for Crooked Hillary (fellow SwampMonster), 3rd Party, or Not At All: ALL unpatriotic.
This pic needs to be a prison line up someday minus Carter of course. Being a simple puppet is an excuse. #expresidentsforprison
Except Obama.  There's no $$ in it for him.
Don't contribute to the Clinton's they will keep all the money like they did before.
You crooked basters.  Judgment is coming!
Here is the Uniparty.
better donate each one of you one million, it would be so much better!
No way do I trust you guys.
The five of you are rich so pool your money together for all these disasters

Amazing great presidents all
except Bill whom ripped off Haitis raped women and lied,or Obama whom is muslim,rip off America,just spent million on security since Jan
Why is president Trump MISSING? Is this intentional? He is OUR president & gave one million dollars. Where is his picture?
So sorry @Scaramucci to see you trying to help and all these comments are just hateful. Time to unite no matter who u support!
Don't send money to this evil cabal! Send money to Samaritans  Purse
All criminals.
All you MOFOs be real leaders and match POTUS Trump's personal donation. Talk is cheap then and now.
Didn't agree with all but they held the office with grace, dignity and diplomacy.
What about rallying behind President Trump and supporting him for the best of the American people?

No covfefe in that picture. Even the shrubs look like they know what they are doing by comparison.
You forgot one world order...

