@realDonaldTrump Good Morning Mr. President!  Why are you not in this picture? I know #FakeNews.
Where is past presidential unity in supporting common sense gun laws. Hurricanes can’t b stopped but human caused mass carnage can sir 
They can when they are manufactured.
#deepstatenaughties
#Qanon
#POTUS45
@realDonaldTrump 
#GITMO
#Yourroomsarereserved
So how much did all of you donate? Our @POTUS doesn't take a salary and donated 1 million.
Your potus is a fricking disaster. Even George W Bush looks good in comparison.
Say it youl feel better, Trump is my president for 7 1/2 more years. Now you can move on to more important things rather than hate
I don't think so....
I think so.
#POTUS45
#Trump2020
#QANON
#TheStormIsHere
Tell that to the “DOTARD” we have in the White House now
I may not agree with all of the ex-presidents, but these gentlemen were rational and exceptional. By the way, no human is infallible.
Don't listen to the haters Sir. You did the right thing. Absolutely.
Sorry-y'all managed enough of my $ through the years. I am donating to JJ Watt Hurricane Harvey Fund.
Unity man,you guys are all amazing!!!
Please, Mr. President, help our country that seems to  wander lost and  leaderless!!!
ILLUMINATE SWAMP CREATURE
We'd like to recover our Uranium that was sold to the Russians to make cake bombs.  I'm going to tease you all like you never been teased.
I voted for you, the first time. I am so proud to say that you are the only republican I've voted for president. Thank you for everything!
As former presidents, as citizens, we wanted to help our fellow Americans begin to recover.
skull and bones
Bush family, want to be Oil barons & Water barons, buying up major land setting on...Huge
Guarani Aquifer, Paraguay, South America.
300,000 Acres George Bush
100,000 Acres Bush Family Private Ranch
200,000 Acres George H.W. Bush
Power of the Presidents
@jacobcharold
A good thing... But POTUS44 seems to think he’s still the POTUS without having his term next to his profile like the rest of you. 
Thank you

Yes they are the deep state.  He started it wile CIA Director, and put it together wile President.  He tried to take out Regan in 82.  There is no party line in the deep state.  It them verse us.
Not a fan of all, but I would love to see ANY of them back in office.  Our country deserves good leadership.
Love My President @realDonaldTrump!
How Much Are You Donating?
Please Specify Who will be Getting the Donations!
 glad to see you moving about well now Pres. Bush.
I don't hear of any of these gentlemen donating money to victims.  Only Trump
@elizabethecarte You past presidents actually stand for something other then hate.
RELEGIT REBUILD & RAPTURE....EVERYONE!
Also ALL of you voted for #Hillary.
The three in the middle traitor, drug cartel and a rapist... Wow
The bookends had it the other three sheeeeewwwwweee

Please real presidents help us get rid of the new Age Hitler in the White House -nazi & white supremacists on Laguna Beach
https://www.gofundme.com/irma-relief-and-help-in-florida …

Help those in Florida that have been affected. Share and donate to help us!
And think of the CHAOS in the Virgin Islands, please. They have been quickly forgotten and the islands are nearly destroyed.
Amazing Leadership from amazing leaders.
#ObamasExpression

You are Exactly Right, We NEED Help Recovering from Our Former Presidents, from ALL the Stupid things they have put on us Americans, Thank U
True American Presidents no one who cheated to be elected fairly. As our current president drinks from the swamp
Love this!
Very very true
Hummmm
Funny how none of the former presidents wants to even take a picture with that buffoon .. I mean baboon ... Donald Trump in office
Real special
Uh. Clinton. No!
Ass Holes all.
Hurricane
Video: Water overtaking the sea wall as the city braces for the impacts of Hurricane https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/10/video-water-overtaking-the-sea-wall-as-the-city-braces-for-the-impacts-of-hurricane/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Thank you, Sir! Presidents Carter, Bush, Clinton, Bush, & Obama are demonstrating true American values!
Amen good to see !
Thanks for coming together Dear Presidents. $500 is my two cents. Thanks.
I have goosebumps. These men are not perfect but not one has lost touch with their humaneness and that matters at all the right times.
Symbol of unity and fraternity.
Thanks for your commitment and rational leadership. The country desperately needs you now!
Is that a smile on Obama's face? Looks like he took a bitter pill sour face
Thank you Mr. President! You've always been a Godsend!! Bless you! HTown loves you!!
CLASSY!
Amen
“The Shelters That Clinton Built”

Yes. Thank you so much.
Bull shit you COMMUNIST basterds
Love it!  That's the way you will really make US great again
I don't think I would want bill Clinton handling my money.
You could start by turning off the Hurricane manufactured by your Deep State/Shadow Government.
Still haven't heard anything from Obama as far back as hurricane Matthew, I live in Jacksonville
It doesn't matter what side of the aisle you stand with, we all agree that we need to help one another.
This is beautiful.   Way to go Mr. President.
You folks piss me off.  If ya don't like my page get off it. KMAMFS
- He means FLEESE our non gov ppl and fellow Americans.. this from a former member of the swamp .. and still useless.
I love America for we are united under letting Heaven and the nature of the children's cry forever...
The boys are back in town.....
We live in a great country where helping those recover from catostrophic events blur political lines -- inspiring --
Sans @realDonaldTrump
What an impressive, accomplished, admirable group. Thank all of you for being such respectful dignitaries. You 5 make America proud! 
You were terrible, your son was worse. Both of you together does not come close to the terrible of Donald Trump. Thanks for pic without him.
歴代の大統領は自らも多額の寄付をすべき。トランプ大統領のように
You should be ashamed leaving out the current POTUS  and the will of the American people who voted for him. Ignorant
Thanks but no thanks step aside and let OUR PRESIDENT handle it .. oh WAIT never mind he already has  #MAGA #DonaldTrump #CNN
Can you guys help with the Hurricane Trump recovery effort? Please? We need you. Love America #MuellerTime
Thank you President George Bush for your support. Yes please help those in need. Donate and support #HurricaneHarveyRelief efforts.
I guess they forgot to invite the giant peach.
The Real Presidents
Bush league has beens.  We mow have a leader with pure MAGA motives.  Get out of the way losers
Did you bush leaguers make a large personal contribution like our President Trump?  Didnt think so.
The most dangerous hurricane that has happened to America is called Donald Trump 
Good
Hey oilman, You're a total loser.
Yes  u are right
these are such great faces to look at, inspiring life where hope seems to be fading away, can't leave you alone, this is america
Absolutely love this!!!!
When and how will you help us recover from Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Neil Gorsuch, and J.B. Sessions? And the damned Nazis?
Amen!!!!!#
LOVE IT !
@realDonaldTrump @BarackObama @BillClinton Pay attention to Myanmar crisis too. Show your high level of humanity. Tell UN & Trump to help.
Maybe shoulda tried this 5 presidencies sooner or while you were actual presidents; this state of affairs are consequences of your inaction

wow! I love what @BarackObama @BillClinton did
i love the bush family! God bless you  guys, obama-clinton too, for doing this!
The idiots who have ruined America. Blah blah blah is all they have every done.
WOW!! That's God working for us! Thank u Jesus 
Shame on all of you!
#HarveyHurricane2017 was awful & not to take away from them but last time I check we're all us citizens in #USVI and #PR too! We need you!
What about #TheUSVirginIslands and #PuertoRico with #IrmaHurricane2017 In PR we still have no power and some are displace and without water.
Great
So proud of these former presidents!!!!
U R all Multi Millionaires (thanks to Soros & Special Interest who filled UR wallets)Tell the Amer ppl how much of UR OWN  $$ UR putting out
Now that's what I am talking about people.  Working together for the greater good of our nation.  This is Presidential behavior!
recover from your administrations?
@danielsilvabook What happened to the money you and Bill raised for Haiti?
I will not give 1penny more to ANY of these Presidents. Let them give THEIR own money!
This will be a very long road, one day at a time.
Bushs are millionaires we know clintons are & obama just got good payday with book. Let's see how much of THEIR money goes to help victims
THIS is America! Standing together for a COMMON good -- one another!
Your fellow America s no longer trust you. I give to #samaritanspurse
Planet is primordial because people wish for that they think anything else is dead.however if you act intelligent they think it's psychotic.
Jimmy Carter looks uneasy amongst you folks. Why is that?
NO FOUNDATION COLLECTIONS!!!!  Put your money where WE THE PEOPLE need it!!!
Just make sure you don't allow @BillClinton or the @ClintonFdn to handle the cash.
Thx for ur greatness u ar true fighter
@Bush41Library Love this.
Pls read Clinton Cash y'all.
This photo makes me miss what a real president is. It's only been 10 months but it feels like 10 years 
@Gerogehwbush @BarackObama @BillClinton thank you for your support, however it may come. Some will ?? I will apreciate y'all and be thankful
I love to see this!
Thank you mr president's.  #leadership
@deanawa55339161 @POTUS does take a salary and says he'll donate 1 million, but like always he'll never really pay up.
Thank you! United we stand
Thanks Mr President but Rinos have let us down on many other fronts. Sad. We were big Bush supporters at one time.
Glad to see y'all...miss all of you #RealPresidents

Anyone else think the only reason SCOOTUS posted this is b/c he wants the White House?  (God told you to drop out for a reason, Scoots...) 
It's like the Dirty Half Dozen minus one. Badass.
please give to local nonprofits #givelocal #HarveyRelief all nonprofts are helping an continuing to serve the communities
That is the Spirit of America. God bless you.
Dont let the Clintons near the cash.  Just ask Haiti how that worked for it.
You are the epitome of presidential greatness.
You five formers represent what a real president should be. Thanks for helping us in Texas!!
All of the #rinos
Thank you Sir.
Great men.Thank you
Thank you Presidents!

I can tell by the comments that some of missed the  whole "all of us coming together" bit. Stop letting politics divide OUR great nation!
God Bless You, & Thank You For YOUR Service!
Thank you. Perhaps you could school 45 on Presidenting?
Thank you all for your service to our country as you continue to lead in this time of devastation in our country
bull shit
That's good of you all but we need you to save America from Trump... PLEASE.
Takes all of them to do the work of just one Trump!!! Trump = Standing alone since 2016
Hey Mr. President! Nice picture.  You look darling.  Don't forget about us in Florida. God bless u always
Powerful and thoughtful statement from President Bush (Senior).
Natural disasters are NOTHING compared to WARS that YOU and every momzer in this line up perpetrated. When will THAT recovery begin?
ahhhh ... REAL presidents

Except Obama.  There's no $$ in it for him.
Wish any single one of you was president! Can you give us a hand over here?
Thank you President G.H. Bush 
Amen
Glad you are well, Mr. President.
Please tell me you are going to leave slick-Willie behind, when you try and help?
Faces of statesmen. Thank you
No thanks.  I'll donate to JJ Watt's effort so I'll know where my money is going.  Lost a lot of respect for Bush fam siding with Clintons
This is presidential!! Not like trumps babbling stupidity!
