Reading? Such a HUGE ass problem. I think that poverty or not being able 2 accumulate wealth, living paycheck 2 paycheck is more of problem
Praying for you!! 
Mrs Quaker Oatmeal

#Georgebush
I EAT THE FLESH OF REPTILIANS AND KEEP THEM AS SLAVES!
Thank you, sincerely, from a librarian. 
I remember meeting your other half @GeorgeHWBush and @BarbaraBushFdn  in Stamford. She was & is a great example setter as you are too.
Dignity
Heard you aren't well. Wishes for your speedy recovery.
sir i would like the ability to remove my citizenship in the us due to recent international concerns pass a bill for removal of rights plz
He should rot in jail and not just enjoying life!

She created it all on her own.
Yes, such a great cause, for which I am grateful!
I still don't know if my oldest daughters Presidential Scholarship came thru Barbara's foundation or where.  Graduate she is~ #SALUTE
Praise God
Parents of the founder of ISIS.
Raytheon can connect everyone, give back the skull.
Geronimo's stolen bones.
THE APACHES WANT THE SKULL BACK!
--Geronimo's stolen bones
God bless you Mr. President
Wonderful woman! I would love to get the chance to meet you both and W. and Laura! I truly appreciate the service you did for our country!
How many u killed around the world and from US
You wouldn't know.
Please please. Rally with your party and get this clown out of office. Please. Embarrassment.
JKF jr dies under strange circumstances. So did Paul Wellstone. If you're going to go against the power structure. Don't get on a airplane
Keep banging bruh
Pals
Hey bro, did you kill JFK jr? You can tell me.
I was just listening to how some guy believes the George Bush killed JFK jr. Come to think of it. Nobody mentions JFK jr.
Not a great president, but better than Jeb!
It was also nice to see your son continue the charge. Question: George W. Bush was referencing to Putin correct? Who else?
Howdy?

Beautiful photo.
I pray in the name Yahushua Hamashich yell have repented for your illuminati sins especially bush sr. As CIA
thank you 
a great work!!
two of the greatest Americans that ever lived.  I wish more politicians were like you. Honest trustworthy
fired and bought out of Texas
It's Mew; Andrew Joseph Leonard. Ain't It Fun? Such Fun. Years? it's been alot of years/\Blazing Smile. My Woman From Tokyo.
hey what do you think about your son? There weren't weapons in Iraq.  he built isis.
bush did 9/11
I believe that books made on paper preserve the soul of our civilization. Thanks, mister President.Much health for you.Kisses.
Thank you Mrs. Bush!!
My family and myself thank you both for all y'all have done to help our great Country USA Citizens!
thank you! It was honor to meet y'all at the polling place back in 1990 and partake in the tradition of voting
Great First Lady and a great cause!
VERY PROUD OF YOUR NAVAl SERVICE MR 41. From a VN vet
Our family was just talking about what a wonderful foundation it is. You are both a treasure
Classy lady. Great cause.
Sir: 41: please actively support 45! Your silence aweful. looks disloyal. Come on now & Stand! From a VN Vet
wow what a difference in administration a decade makes,is your son busy at the Moment might need2 borrow him 
Thanks to you both for your lifetime of Selfless Service!  Grace, dignity and humility.
Not enough to atone for your sins and crimes, though.
#pizzagate
We miss you George. Come back :)
Good morning to you both!
Glad you are feeling better.
Thank you!
@FOXBaltimore @BarbaraBushFdn thanks a bunch MRS. BUSH a family member and a dear friend I love because of your foundation.
 
Thank you George and Barbara Bush....American Heros.....hope our paths cross again.
@BarackObama @billclinton #georgebush one of you please come back and save us!

so many lives enriched through the kindness of you both.

-Thank you for focusing on something so important, Mrs. Bush!
