how id like to gather you like you where my chicks.
You daddy not from Columbus look up fisher produce.  James Thurber my bloodline
Wow, is that Barbara? I've never seen a photo of her as a young lady.
Is this similar to the #ClintonFoundation 
Omg, is that former FLOTUS Barbara? So young. Is that really her?
So beautiful
it was love at first ass grab
Barbara had a terrier! Ours have been and are the joy of our lives!
And @GeorgeHWBush - you both look beautiful! 
You too @StephenAtHome
I adore the picture on the right with the lady and the dog, I wish ladies still dressed and looked like this :(
Thanks Mr. Bush
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
We should have implemented a monarchist dictatorship under you
Did you molest her too? #chesterthemolester
Your picture is adorable!!!
Much like myself you married out of your league sir.  We are both very lucky men.
Colbert is a POS & ask "W" why he was silent for 8yrs of Obama, very disappointing.

Ex- president George Bush apologies after actress accused him of sexual assault https://susanorji.blog/2017/10/25/ex-president-george-bush-apologies-after-actress-accused-him-of-sexual-assault/ … via @suzdick
Pervert. Why doesn’t your family stop criticizing @POTUS while you’re hanging out with fellow ass-grabber @BillClinton? #davidcopafeel
Thank you sir, also I would love to see you and Barbara on the Late Show. We need your courage and voice now more than ever
O thank god! For a second I thought Colbert was actually donating things to a Bush!
GW............! Show full support of the BEST President we have had in decades. SO MUCH lost respect for laura.
|| If Brain Eating Zombies attacked this Congress; the Zombies would die of starvation!But for now((( #LOL )))
Thanks for inspiring unity during a divisive time #OneAmericaAppeal is what America is-> We are Americans first and help those in need 
Omg! Barbara is stunning! How did you get her to say yes?  Stay healthy and happy. Thank you for these amazing pics! 
I LOVE YOU DAD AND MO WITH ALL MY HEART AND SOUL. YOU ARE MINE.  PAULY. ONE
Look at your skinny legs Mr President! Good work with #OneAmericaAppeal
Awww

Twitter provides US Senate investigators names of 201 Russia - linked accounts https://susanorji.blog/2017/10/14/twitter-provides-us-senate-investigators-names-of-201-russia-linked-accounts/ … via @wordpressdotcom
how’s it feel to have spawned the dumbest United States president? You know the one who ruined the country with the patriot act; the one who normalized torture; The one who killed economy in 2008; and the one who allowed 9/11 to happen; as matter fact he probably participated.
Beautiful photo of Mrs. Bush.
They are cute!!!
Why would we laugh? It's a perfectly sweet dog.
Miss you
MORE Bush era #NAZI-esque #torture chambers unearthed http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-10-09/unsealed-cia-memos-provide-shocking-salt-pit-black-site-details … just like the ones Grandpa Prescott used to finance!

You are so awesome, Mr. President!  Wishing you and the Mrs. blessings and good health.
She’s so much prettier than you, lol. Thanks for posting for this worthy cause.
Thanks to you, President Carter, President George W., President @BillClinton & President @BarackObama for helping. 
Laugh?! No way. Thank you Mr president for sharing for this cause.
@GeorgeHWBush Photo of Barbara looks so much like my mother who turns 90 this week. Even though I didn’t vote for either Bush I miss U both
That's W on the left right?
Pres, you look like Alfalfa. Ridiculous 
Sir, you’ve more than earned the respect we Americans owe/give you. Laughing is never an option. Beautiful Pictures. Sir.
So sweet.
Bill and Hillary Clinton will enjoy that money from the not funny guy for sure. If you Dopes are giving, Bill is living high on the hog.
So, the last five presidents raise money for charitable causes and this means it *all* goes to the Clintons? Even it if was corrupt, that...
is some pretty bad business sense for Obama, Bush Jr. and Sr., and Carter.
Yup.  How much of the Haiti Money do you think Bush Sr. & Clinton ended up with? The mess was never audited. Hundreds of millions missing.
Where are you getting these numbers?
Go Google Missing Haiti Funds take your choice of articles to read there are plenty. If you think the Clinton are squeaky clean think again.
Holy hell-anyone who thinks Clinton is clean needs their head examined! I post horrible posts as an example of their perfidious activities!
This Colonel Tractor does.. LOL  but like most Demo's they are easily fooled with the lies of the Clintons.
One of the Greatest !!!
Thank you Mr.Bush for your dedication and service to our country and your "one thousand points of life". Your legacy lives on; Mr.President!
Mr President you will ALWAYS be the MAN!!! Thank you for your service!
Thank your Mr President. All the best to you the First Lady and your family from NJ
WOW! You really WERE (and are) the luckiest man of your generation!!
I adore the car in the background! Any story on that one?
Searching Ebay for those legit shorts, right now!
Great photos!
Absolutely beautiful and so touching! Thank you for sharing?
Aww. Was that picture of the President taken in Kennebunkport?
Love these!
You are a true war hero and I am proud to have served with you as our Commander In Chief. Miss your leadership....
Well done, Mr. President!
This is awesome! Thanks for sharing!!
Citizen Bush, thank you for your continued service to America's justice, tranquility, defense, welfare, liberty & posterity!
Wonderful!!
Thanks for using this platform to help others in need. Patriotism at its finest sir! #UnitedWeStand
You
Thank you sir
Next #BreakingNews #DotardTrump aka #MoronTrump aka #FakePresident aka #LiarInChief & GOP will cut FEMA support for #PuertoRicoRelief
If taxpayers were allowed to keep more of their own earnings charitable giving would increase in frequency, # of donors, and $.
So sorry we teased you. Our deepest apologies. #democracy
Not laughing, just smiling.
I dunno George, that hair is fabulous.
How do you feel about his Nazi salute? Send the money back.
@GeorgeHWBush you and Barbara are two of my favorite people! A rhetorical question; Does Barbara ever NOT have a precious dog in her arms?
I miss your presence in the Oval Office @GeorgeHWBush you brought wisdom, calm, and dignity to it.  Peace be with you and your family.
My favorite President & true pioneer 4 women.
