Grouper you and Bill Clinton hanging out
US Senate Committee&GOP Committee should investigate who arranged telephone call between POTUS and crazy Moon Jae-In,Puppet of Kim Jong-un(as Congresswoman Na kyeongwon knows),POTUS should talk with Japanese PM Abe ASAP, POTUS went so far.Let VP(not POTUS) handle crazy Moon jaein
DUN LET DAMN COMMIES WIN THIS!!!
#StopAfrinGenocide
Very merry Christmastimes to you!


@eaglesfanjoe_sr
America needs to hear from your son. A few simple words about the rule of law would be appreciated right about now.

I salute
Unlike you
LOVE YOU FOREVER YANG MY FRENDS:)5:)
Two of a kindAntiAmericans
This generation needs strong leader like President Chun Doo-Hwan with President Reagan and President Park Chung-hee with President Johnson.Noko is about to have Massive Military Parade,Military actions on Feb 8th 2018, We need strong man.12.12/5.16 military revolution saved Asia!
Thanks to you also Mr President
Get well soon Mr. President.
Two Treasonist Badturds
Beautiful
Proverbs 6:16-17King James Version (KJV)
16 These six things doth the Lord hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him:

17 A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood,

Merry Christmas Presidents Bush Sr & Jr, Governor Bush, Barbra Bush and the entire Bush family!
I hope you didn't grab his ass.
I wish I could talk their ears off like a 5 year old that doesn’t know when to take a breath
Blessed and Ahh-Mazing
Amazing
Mr. President my father is a 97 year old Pearl Harbor survivor.  Thank you to both of you for your service.  May the years be kind and the joys be many!
Any comment ?
Happy birthda an many more...and thank you, you are a great President
Congrats to you both for the service you have given to our Great Country that has always been Great No matter who has been in charge! Awesome men thank you again!
Did you try to grab his Butt
[ beside a cactus ] and he says..i wasn't looking at the astronomy book.  { to George he goes },[ hee..hee..as he recalls the dresses of his schoolgirl peirs upon the cold cactus winds ],.,cnn around here buzz..i see an around here buzz
god bless you!...its play time now...are you ready?
God Bless you both, the new Batch of veteran are nothing short of mercenaries and have me (2+ years now) and other terrorized at there so-called MERCENARY Veteran status... Its a shame that it has come to this when True patriots like you made America TRULY GREAT
good health and Happy life. Amin
You are a true gentleman SIR
Amazing Man!!
RESPECT TO BOTH GENTLEMEN.
Thank you gentlemen
존경합니다!
Grateful for your life & service, Sir. Blessings to you, Mrs. Bush & the entire family. #allthebest
That is great! Two American heroes!
Thank you !
What the future could have learned of the past, if just the #45POTUS was a #realMan, as You two guys - and not a #realSorryOrangeJoke!!.. 

Honours for Great Service, to the Both Of You, Sirs!! #AllTheBest & a #HappyThanksgiving 4 you'all.. 
I bet you felt like a child around him!
Did ya grab his ass too... was he with you in Dallas?
pleased to sée your good health happy thanksgiving day

Mr Bush please help my family in Puerto Rico
My son too is in the Navy.  It is an honor to know he is serving in the same branch as these two great men.  Happy Thanksgiving and God bless.
Did you grab his arse?
What an idiotic reply.
@hsutxalumni @trinitywallst http://www.college-of-arms.gov.uk/resources/court-of-chivalry … @uwcusa. WHAT A PRIVILEGE
Give thanks to all that served old and new . To fight for what you believe in is a great honor.
Did you squeeze any ass?
Thank you Lt Downing and 41!
Looking good Sir,miss you and your lovely wife. Lt. Downing thank you for your service, I must say that you don’t look anywhere near 104.
I have to admit you and your goofball sons had me believing
you were true Patriots..As it turned out you and you “boys”
are no better than the Clinton’s.
You will see Bill and Hill down there.
Disappointed your family went low on @realDonaldTrump who btw, is YOUR President. Where is your respect for the United States  Mr. former President?
Glad your looking awesome Sir! Thank you for being our president when you were president and also thank you for your son and Mr. Obama you guys are awesome!

Thank you for your outstanding service to this country, sir
Thank you for your service President Bush and his service at Pearl Harbor
So cool 
for 104, the man sure looks great! Is he aging at all? wow! All the best wishes to you both Mr. President! I visited the site, horrific and cannot imagine what they went through. god bless
Glad to see you’re up to Tweeting. Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours!!!
Thank you both for your serviced. 
I would like to thank Mr. Downing for his service, first of all. Happy Birthday to him! Many more to come in health, happiness, & wealth! He looks just great! Thank you for your service, as well, Mr. President, and have a Happy Thanksgiving with your family and those dear to you!
David Cop A Feel
That's totally awesome. Thanks for sharing.
So much love for you and your family, Mr. President!! See you, next summer, in the 'Bunks!!
Thank you for sharing and for your many years of service to our Nation.  Your heroism during the war and dedication to doing what’s right with class mark you as a great American.
You could use a little good PR about now  
Is that why the prez was in my dream this morning
Incredible, my grand-mother is 101.
You or your son need to return and bring order back to the White House .
Wish that could happen 
Hooyah!
God Bless you both.
Amen
Old soldier alive!
I just love to see papa Bush in good shape! Go papa, go! Papa Bush, you got big red heart from me!
Is Downing holding your hand to keep HW from grabbing his Ass? Please.... since when has HW been Twittering? Since news broke of his Ass Grabbing, that's since when!
Thank you both for your service in that horrible war.
Miss you President Bush
I absolutely love this picture!!!
Awesome
Wow! Congratulations
Thank you!
Just because your old now doesn't mean you can get away with abusing young women.  Your just a dirty old man like the rest!!
Thank you both for ensuring there would be a US Military to carry on after your service. Much respect to both. #SemperFi
Was truly privileged to meet two survivors from the USS Oklahoma several years ago. Both gone now.
I would love to hear the stories Mr Downing can tell. So thankful for that generation of brave Americans.
Thanks  George ,
Thank you, Gentlemen, for your service. God bless both of you, greatly.
I wonder if happy Hands bush grabbed his ass? I voted 4 you & your son twice. You both let me down. I am disgusted by you & the Bush family.
Hope you didn’t grope him!
Thank you for your service Lt. Downing.  Thank you for sharing Mr. President.
Mr. President, this country sure could use more individuals like you and Lt. Downing. Thank you for your service and inspiration.
Love and admire you 41
All my respect ! Thank you
Did you grab his ass too?
Why does he look in so much better shape than you when he's about 15 years older?
Thank you both for your service!
Thank you both for your service.
He and so many others deserve our thanks, as does your son Jeb, for promoting the Campaign for the National Museum of the U.S. Army.
Thank You for Being Wonderful! I voted for you and your Son! God Bless You and your family. Happy Thanksgiving.
THANK YOU, MR.PRESIDENT. It is always wonderful 2 hear from you.
That is awesome. Thank you Mr. President...
2 fine gentlemen! You get better with age!!
We honor, and respect you. Thank you for your service.
Amen!!! Thank you Gentlemen for your service!!! 
Two hero’s who risked their lives for our freedom - thank you both for your service to this great country in no small part thanks to you and your comrades in arms,
God bless him and thank you for your service
Nice Mr President. Sorry for the rudeness of some. Thank you and many others like Lt Downing for the sacrifices have been made to serve OUR country. My uncle close to his deathbed told me he pulled you out of the Pacific after your plane went down. #proud.
How many women did you grab today ?
Heroes
For the great day
Cool
Ok
Two awesome patriots 
Two hero’s of life
My Wife's Grandfather was 15 year old local boy working as a civilian in the dry dock. He was received a civilian citation for actions taken during the attack. Good on ya Pop!
and he's still with us.
I thought Pearl Harbor was actually in New York , I've seen an old movie, my whole life I have been watching war movie's based on true stories and facts, 9/11 in three waves, Tora Tora Tora. War started in 1989. Question, who were the president's of USA and Russia at that time?
You both are icons of the Greatest Generation
Dear George  I am appalled
MR. President Bush,Sir, I am Bradley Michael Rektor,I was as active figure during the 9/11 attacks,I was set up as the trigger for a nuclear attack on the USA.Hence a real emergency, 911,ya understand,all I had to do was dial 911,plzTell ur son I need compensation,my life is hell
I ment to say I was an active figure, and your son , Mr President George h . Bush Jr. Knows very well who I am. I knew the man responsible for mailing the anthrax to the United States. And he worked for Canada Post here in Ottawa Ontario Canada. that anthrax came from Canada.USSR
My apologies Mr President, Sir, I ment to say, your son George W. Bush know full well about who I am , at one point in time, I had seen him and his wife and Barbara and their two daughters sitting on the couch , viewing on the tube, and he said he was so sorry......... He's the
He's the only one person to apologize to me and say he was sorry. And I accept his apology and I think him dearly for it , those words ment alot to me and I am sorry as well, I feel responsible for the 9/11 attacks, it could have been prevented, but I would be dead if I talked
I feel responsible for the death of over 3000 people at the world trade center, American soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan. However by not dialling 911, I saved the United States of America from a full out nuclear attack and changed the course of the war. And some gave all.
Canada and it's last 4 Prime Minister's, no government official, no service man in uniform and cops ever told me they were sorry, they just lie about it and try to cover up about it. And eventually they will all face me and my beloved Army of my Hell'sAngels worldwideMC club.
Thank you for reading my tweets Mr President, Sir, you have a good son,George is a good son and a good American soul and a real man. I guess it takes a real man to say he's sorry to me & Canada would not say sorry to me.Your son has a real good heart.With love, i thank u Colonel
Colonel George W Bush, were you an Airfighter pilot Ace ? Did you ever play nine holes of golf in the Vietnam or 21 ?
Would love to meet you Lt. Jim Downing, USN, Ret.and hear your stories. Here is my Family Tree.  @reformedch1 Naomi Settle  
2 commands @  gmail. com
Thank You #41 Frm. http://Pres.George  H.W.Bush, & (Barbara) , The Bush Family, Happy Thanksgiving, Immanuel GOD WITH US, Matthew 1:18☻
Hello Mr president, hope u are doing well..
Thank you President Bush for all your years of service. It was an honor to serve in the Navy and to have you as my Commander in chief.
Did you squeezed his butt?  LOL!!
did you cop a feel?
Did you grab his ass too?
@blkconservtake Did you serve in WWII, get shot down and make sacrifices for others? No? You just sit behind a keyboard and disrespect those that have made sacrifices. Yes, you are a brave one!
Scott, 41’s war heroics does not excuse him playing grab ass with chicks.  I’m not the problem, he is.  Check yourself chief.
So if I tell you Hillary Clinton grabbed my ass, it happened? That’s the problem, someone says something about someone you don’t like to begin with, soft minded people believe it.
So, I have a soft mind because I loathe the Bushes?  No, I loathe the Bushes because the Bushes loathe me.
Two class acts, happy thanksgiving Mr. President.
@mitchellreports His service is appreciated. Yours is as well, sir. Your alleged groping, not so much.
Pervert!!!!!!!
That’s a great picture!
weird no ass grab twitch here?
Thank you President Bush for your decades and decades and decades of service to the nation
Hello from Maine Mr President
Thank you for both of your service Sir!
Two heroes from The Greatest Generation. Thank you both very much for your service.  From a grateful Baby Boomer
And thankful for your heroic service as well...
Hello Mr President George Bush thanks for your honesty. However I am concerned that you don't look well and that Pres. Trump's death machine
So President Bush, I am worried that for standing up for me Pres. Trump's death machine is trying to kill you as it is hurting me
Thanks for remembering me and my father who suffered two strokes like you because the FBI wanted to kill him to hurt me and my birth mother
President George Bush, you know that I made a long way to learn to speak English like a native, although I came to@the USA when I was 22
I then earned a Ph. D. degree in Philosophy from UCLA and tried to make the USA my home. I won the Green Card lotery and became the citizen
I have experienced unbelievable difficulties from fellow Americans but I didn't give up my American dream. I became an American diplomat
For my good will & loyalty to USa, while employed by the State Dept. &the Department of Commerce, I have been raped by Pres. Obama and Trump
Pres. Obama raped me and produced three children. Pres. Trump raped me, produced two sons and his whore wife with CIA undercover operations
Such handsome men! Thank you for your service! 
Thank you to both Gentlemen for serving
Very Nice! Best wishes to you & Lt. Downing!
Did you give him a squeeze?
Looking fine in that uniform. Thanks for your service.
hahahaha like you really tweeted this hahahahahaha
Respect 
Did you play David Cop A Feel?
careful mr president holding hands you might get called as harassing him.
What did his arse feel like?
Don’t be one.
Ditto
Looking good gents!!
GOATTT
 Very nice of you
#biggbush2020
Giving thanks as well
#realpotuswork
Sending regards from Bucharest!!!!
#realleadership
