This man is still presidential. Whether you agree with his politics or not, he's a gentleman and a statesman.
We are so saddened about looking her! Millie always like sniffing my AF1 advance team K9.  Barbara was always so grateful and made a special place in my heart as a young 21 year old Ssgt. at Pease Air Force Base, New Hampshire.
RIP sweetheart.
Such a beautiful tribute to a wonderful woman. Thank k you for sharing such a personal day with all. God bless!
May she rest in eternal peace! Deep condolences and warm wishes from Ambassador Abby Farah
HONORABLE SALUTE.
all my warm condoleances for your lovely mother to you and your family
You are loved, Mr. President. Your wife was a beautiful person. God bless you.
@GeorgeHWBush Hope your feeling much better Mr President. I know the people of #Houston join me in wishing you a speed recovery #houstonproud #houstonnative

Real derest can you see paper at UN Thailand branch Mr.panit w id line panit6789
Real more cardinal or POP. Dearest please buy me deposit 20,http://000USD.email  panit1967@gmail.com
Sale the supreme god Brahmanism i got real deposit 50,000usd western union
I Tim 2:5For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus; 6 Who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in due time. 
Mr President ,  my deepest condolences for the loss of your wonderful and kind wife Barbara, glad to know you’re recovering. Most of us by far love you and your family. God bless you  Papa .
I don’t know if you have one of the these Mr. President but you should get one.  Cleans the air of all contaminants including VOCs, bacteria, and viruses.  Will keep you healthier and less suseptible to respiratory issues.  
http://www.airocide.com/ 
I just wanted to say,Hello, Mr.GeorgeHWBush ! I hope that you first of all take the time to make your peaceful moments quiet and alone, while you cry upon your pillow. Too much people around  could be a disturbing commotion ! I'm just showing that I care, in this sad, moment.
Can you tell us about the Call Boys Mr. President?
Pole sana  Mr. President. The whole world grieves with you.
Sorry for your lost #MrPresident
You have my heartfelt condolences President Bush.
God bless you, Mr. President. Thank you for a life of courage, love and leadership.
Best wishes Mr. President. God Bless
The service was well done and very touching.  Best wishes to you, Mr. President, in your recovery.
DevoyMackinmon dad my husband SteveDevoy work before @nmbush TX we sorry for u lost BBush my DNA @MyHeritage match SaldivarBush born England
Prayers of comfort for you and your family. I truly loved Barbara and am rereading her books 
Get well soon mr president. I hope you recover fast
Thank you for your service Mr President.  Our prayer for you during this time of loss.
My heart is heavy with your loss Mr. President. But take solace in knowing that  Barbara is resting until Jesus calls for the resurrection when we will all be with our loved ones again. God bless you mr. President
God Bless you Get well!
God bless you.
My condolences on the loss of your lovely wife sir. Wishing you a speedy recovery.
Love you Mr. Pres. Keep going strong !!!
We all know you’ve seen this. Tell us your thoughts. Might be able to slip you a one-time pass to the cookout if the tea is hot
George W doesn't use Twitter.
Heartfelt thanks to all.
Praying for God's comfort! Greetings to you from Kampala, Uganda.
Dear Mr. President Bush, my thoughts and prayers are with you get well soon. Please
I know Barbara will be missed. I hope you're feeling better.
I salute you, Sir! You lost your beloved wife Barbara. But you have a wonderful American family around you and the American Nation loves his 41st President. I'm proud to have a friendship with an American Citizen for over 10 years. German-American Friendship is very important...
George Bush didn't have to wait behind tons of illegal aliens like regular citizens

They can Virtue Signal over amnesty and open borders while they lived behind gated walls

-

#BuildThatWall #MAGA #Trump #tcot #NRA #ccot #PJNET #FoxNews #TuckerCarlson #hannity #BlackInkCrew #p2

 God Bless ya 41.
Welcome back, Sir.
Hope you feel better soon President Bush!
God bless you, sir. It’s great to know you’re still with us.

Charles will always remember your encouragement that you met your “best pals” at Andover...
Get well soon, Mr. President, sir.
Get well soon.
First Lady Trump also tweeted this 2 days ago.
Get well soon, Mr President, and my sincerest sympathies for your loss. The nation grieves with you.


Great to hear you tweet, @GeorgeHWBush & glad you’re recovering. Houston, @SylvesterTurner, & St. Martins did do well. We love you & your family! Glad to hear you’ll be cheering for our Rockets and Astros! Your spokesman said that you’re the most goal-oriented person he’s known.
my condolences to you mr president on losing your wife. we loved her as well, obviously not like you. . we love you too & are so glad you are doing better!  continued prayers for you!
Glad u r feeling btr
My deepest condolences to you and your family, Mr. President.
Prayers from Silicon Valley 
Praying for your health and strength
@HillaryClinton  So Thankful To God you are out of ICU Papa Bush  Keep up the fight for a speedy recovery. You will get to Maine 
Get well soon, Mr. President.
I to lost a child when she was 4.  There is not a day or minute I do not think of her but I’ve learned to go on.  We honor those we have lost by honoring their lives.  Your wife was a great First Lady and her entire life like yours has been dedicated to others.  Please take care
Get well soon Mr. President.
I’m glad you feel better! It’s a shame what’s going on in White House! And hopefully with a “God” will I’ll have a chance to meet You ...
in Person.
Sir so sorry for your loss you were a great commander and chief and I was honored to have served under your leadership.  I served in the gulf proudly and honorably.  Your wife’s loss though I can’t take away is hard.  We never forget those we loose.
You are in my thoughts and prayers get well soon. God bless you!
Get well soon, sir. . .I’d love to see you and Dana Carvey record your next birthday greeting together!
Dear President Bush. You are the epitome of a courteous and dignified public servant.
Sincere Condolences Mr President and family.
Thank you Mr. President for your yeoman’s work during your administration! You handled the fall of the Soviet Union like a true professional! I’m sure most Americans do not understand what a monumental task that was! Get well soon!
John and I are sorry for your loss. You and your family are in our prayers.
Prayers sent
.......
All of Houston loves you sir.
GOD Bless You sir.
You are in my prayers, Mr. President!
Good luck 41.
My condolences to you and your family Mr. President.   You were the first vote I ever cast for President.  God bless.
Take care of yourself.  You and your family have been in my thoughts.  Get well soon.
Grateful for you. Love you President Bush.
This Tweet exemplifies the class you always demonstrate Mr. President.  Hope you are feeling much better.  Please know you and your family are in my prayers.
Thank you for your life of service for our nation, Mr. President. And condolences on the loss of Mrs. Bush.
Get well soon #41
Well wishes for a speedy recovery!
Get better sir!
Prayers for a full and quick recovery!
Of course it must be very difficult to go on without Barbara. My thoughts and prayers with you and entire bush family and prayers for recovery. Kennebunkport will be definitely something to look forward to . My grandma always said one chapter closes but a new one opens
Glad you're feeling better.  Get well soon! 
We love you Mr. President
God bless you Mr President.
I'm sorry for your loss Mr Bush
You and your wife were a gift to this country. Get well soon
Blessings always Mr. Bush
Get well soon!! Keeping your progress in my prayers.
Aw such graciousness by me bush and I love everything that silvester turner did . Best mayor of Houston by far . He is so smart and such a great speaker . We can all learn from him how to treat one another . A gift from god and Houston’s true guardian angel
Prayers for the family! Get well soon, Mr. President 
Get well soon Mr. President. Our prayers are with you. Kennebunkport is waiting for you.
Get well Mr Bush we  Canadian  love u
I am very sorry for you're loss. She may have been 92 but it was still too soon. May she rest in peace.

Get well so you can go to your summer home and rejuvenate and spend time with your friends and family! God bless you and yours!
You’re an amazing American hero and have so much class, sir! You just lost your wife of 73 years, just got out of the hospital and you STILL take the time to send out thank you notes? God  Bless You and your family, sir!!
Hi...Ryan
I hope you make a speedy recovery!
So glad to hear you are feeling better! Go Rockets and go George HW Bush!
...

We love you, President Bush.
Get well soon, Mr. President and so sorry for the loss of such a wonderful lady in your life.
Karma is waiting. Heaven or hell. One relives thier  life, one also judges oneself. One must also under go all the pain and suffering caused
Feel better sir
I hope you are getting better Mr. President.
God Bless you and your family.  I am so sorry for your loss.   Get well soon Mr. President.
Thinking of you today, Mr. President... Margaret and I have you in our prayers, for a full and swift recovery... America needs your continued wisdom and leadership... God Speed! 
Don’t forget our well wishes from abroad, Mr President. I wish you a quick and speedy recovery, sir.
I’m so sorry for your loss and continue to pray for you sir. #WeAllLovedYourWife
You all deserve nothing less
As a @PointsofLight recipient , I wish you a speedy recovery.
President Bush, wishing you a speedy recovery!  Prayers to you and your family...God Bless
You’re the best GHWB!
God Bless. #BlueLivesMatter
Wishing you the speediest recovery, Sir
My Condolences and Prayers  
G-d bless and keep you.
Great to see you feeling better! You & your family have been in millions of prayers over the past week and a half. We will always remember Mrs. Bush’s service to the nation & the example she set-to cherish family & friends, be kind, loyal & willing to forgive & ask forgiveness.
Prayers are with you
So happy to hear that you’re doing a little better-we all love you and are praying for you!
Get better fast Mr. President! We all love you!
Mr President, you were in my prayers this morning.
I recently went to the the Reagan Library. I suggest some jelly beans during your recovery (probably should not mention that to your Dr). Best wishes and get well soon. We need your smile present as soon as possible!
So glad to hear you are feeling.  Stay strong and my continued prayers for your speedy recovery
Wishing you a very speedy recovery! So sorry for you and your family’s loss 
Get well soon Sir
God bless you GHWB!!!
I am so glad to hear that you are feeling better, Mr. President. All of my prayers for you, your health and your family.  Bless your heart!
Mr. President I am so sorry for your loss. We love you! So glad to see your tweet today. One day at a time. I read you are looking forward to Kennebunkport in the near future. If that is true, what a wonderful event to look forward to.
Love you Mr. President
Get well soon Mr President!
My family sends our deepest condolences and sympathies to you and your family. Get well soon, Mr. President.
Get well soon
I hope you are feeling better .
Great to hear you’re out of I.C.U
The world mourns with you Mr. President.
Happy that you are feeling better. So sorry for your loss of your wonderful wife, Barbara. Sending you love.
Mrs Bush was such a wonderful First Lady, a beautiful woman inside and out, and the love of your life.  I wish you and your family peace now and hope you recover from this latest illness.
Our prayers are with you and your relatives, God bless you
My deepest sympathies Sir. Your wife was a wonderful lady that I consider a national treasure.
Our prayers are with you Sir.
God Bless The Bush Family
God bless you Mr. President.
U be ok
We are deeply sorry for your loss and will continue to honor your wife's legacy through our work, her work, our work...here's to a speedy recovery. Your friends in literacy, #NMAdultLiteracy
We love you President Bush. Continue to be strong and know we are praying for you still!
Praying for your quick recovery. Feel better President Bush!   Enjoy Maine this summer!
The Deepstate is willing you to get better. Clapper, Mueller , Brennan etc need help staying out of Gitmo. Oh and a clown named Comey as well. 

 Your Buddy,
      Bill Clinton and Jeff Epstein
Get well soon!! Sending hugs & prayers your way!! 
I see @DianneG RT's this & glad former Prez GHW Bush doing well he was in office when I was w/d early '90's Reynolds campaign when I built my great Illinois Dem party #legacy I'm in d process of rebuilding cuz certain national Dems invaded my #legacy & my private life!! #Unreal
We hope that you get well & recover Mr President
Prayers for a speedy recovery Mr. President! 
We are in awe of you Mr President — greeting so many well-wishers at Barbara’s funeral — and pray that you enjoy a speedy recovery and many more birthdays that we can celebrate together.
That’s how we roll!  Thoughts and prayers to you and your family 
Thanks for setting some good standards in life, love, business etc,,,
President bush 41 are you feeling better and you want to tweet sweetie? You get your rest and get better i love you be good.
Death is coming
Praying for a speedy recovery !
Get well Mr. President!
So so happy to see this tweet Mr. President!! Keep up the good fight!! I will continue to pray for your speedy recovery and continued solace during such a sad time for your family 
God Bless You Sir.  
Hope you’re on the mend soon, President Bush.  Prayers to all of you and your family.
Tough to lose your lifelong partner . Hope you get well soon.
La  monjita   igual  se  le  hacen  agua  los   helados  por  la  Angela...
Get well soon sir.
Back at ya buddy! Class personified
We love you both. Please take care... we need you Mr. President. 
Feel for your loss. You were a decent president overall, over Reagan and your idiot son...
I am so sorry for your loss, Mr. President. Please accept my prayers and condolences for your family.
I hope you feel better soon Mr. President.
Condolences to you and your family . Prayers for your speedy recovery .
Hoping for a speedy recovery.
Praying for your speedy recovery and renewed strength.

No, Mr.President,Thank You for your outstanding years of service to our Country. We all hope you get well ASAP so you can get to Maine healthy and safely. Take care of yourself, Sir. 
Get well ,
MR. PRESIDENT
I’m so sorry you’re feeling poorly on top of all else you’ve been dealing with as of late. I wish you a speedy recovery and a peaceful heart.
Dear Mr. President, Get well soon!!! 
Get well, Mr. President! Praying for a speedy recovery! 
God Bless you President Bush ! Please get well soon !
Ever wonder why you have just one follower?
All of my prayers & love to you & your family, Mr. President...
Get well soon. We look forward to pictures of you with all the grandkids this summer in Maine.
