Isaurar30@
I understand! I finally get it! And deepest sympathy for your loss. May you find comfort In many happy memories.
Oooh, rigged madness lol


I had the Aggies winning it all also.
You guys are so awesome love this friendly rivalry! 
Trump 2020
I love how respectful the former Presidents are to each other. I have a feeling the dumpster fire Trump will never be allowed into that fraternity.
Among the absolute hardest jobs in the world.. these educated, decorated, and classy men understand that it's about furthering and protecting you and me.. all of the time. I love that they enjoy fun moments like this. They're extraordinary men!
I’m a liberal Democrat but I respect Mr Bush and Mr Bush 2 as men of honor. Until Dumpster Trump, Presidents had character regardless of whether or not I agreed with their policy.
So you'd rather have a guy who sold the country out but made you feel good with fuzzy speeches? Those days are long gone.
How exactly did Obama “sell out” the country?
Obama, since he was actually responsible with his speech, and respected his office, wouldn't knowingly lie to rubes to curry their favor.. i think that's the rub..
The guy stuttered if he wasn't on a teleprompter. And how's funneling weapons to Hezbollah and Mexican drug cartels respecting the office. This is the result of a dolt population that doesn't think.
what are you on about? Your ridiculous arms assertion aside, you're actually comparing oratory skills, between Obama and Trump? That's fucking fantastic...
I went to the Wharton school of finance, folks (undergrad, only)..
I have the best brain, and I've said a lot. Believe me.
Mr. President, why have you criticized current POTUS when for years, you said former Presidents should not comment on current admins? You have every right to speak your mind, but wish you would have when Obama was dividing the nation if you were going to abondon this principle.
If you were conservative you would understand. Trump isn't anything about conservative.
LOL. Obama wasn't conservative. He attacked conservatives (bitter clingers to guns, bibles), forced nuns to provide birthcontrol, left men behind in Benghazi, delivered pallets of cash to Iran, & on & on- never said word b/c of this "principle." It should be applied consistently.
And perhaps if 45 didn't try to disparage and otherwise throw  every other living POTUS under the bus at every turn, he might be worthy of being spared criticism from former Presidents. 
Just sayin'.
Obama blamed, disparaged and mocked GWB for 8 years. Never said boo
No, he did not. 
Sorry. THAT didn't happen. Obama was too busy snatching us back from the next Great Depression. Would he and W have the relationship they have if Obama had bashed him for 8 years? No!
These are the same people that were in an uproar about Obama's tan suit
And Michelle's sleeveless dresses and her wearing shorts on Air Force one on vacation.
Yet, the current FLOTUS has left nothing to the imagination, so to speak, yet they go on about how grace and class have returned to the White House.
Gimme a break!
Wow! I love it, now this is about the only time one @POTUS should criticize another on twitter!  Thank you for the dignity you brought to the office. Let's hope for a return to normal soon. 
Dignity.  criticizing a sitting president does not make you dignified, just the opposite!
Hey Hosanna (oooh, that's catchy) - on the "criticizing a sitting president" topic, you *might* want to check out trump's tweets from, oh, 2009 to 11/7/16.
@Hosanna71010988 is almost certainly a Russian bot account. 27k tweets, all political, and she only joined in 2017. Gotta call these people/accounts out. #russianbot
#IInstablockAnyoneUsingTheWordBots #MAGA #voteGOP2018 #Trump2020
Bot
Great answer!  when you’ve got nothing else you use BOT. No, I am not one.
Bot
OMG I’m agreeing with a Republican!
He’s no Republican. He’s a RINO.
no. you are no Repuplican. you are alt right.
Love that we have some living presidents we can respect and are respectful.
@PCFriarsmbb will win
If A &M beats the Tar Heels, I will eat my hat
Love me some George
I miss a world in which leaders with different opinions could speak to each other without bullying, name calling, and disparaging ethnic remarks.
Yeah no need to be blunt and tell the truth! Right?
I like so very much that the shared experience of leadership at POTUS level has created a respectful understanding. Thanks to you both for showing us how it's done here in the USA
What is that, exactly!?
What is what? Are you referencing the March Madness?
You are pretty cool 41
Can Donald play too?  He's the school bully but wants love too.
You guys crack me up
VOTE PRO TRUMP CANDIDATES ONLY!

NO RINOS NO DEMS!

#Iona #Oklahoma #PennState #MAGA #Trump #TrumpTrain #ThursdayThoughts #KAG #Russia #2A #1A #DeepState #CrookedHillary #IdesOfMarch #DrainTheSwamp #MarchMadness
SFCA4Trump - hello bot!  Blocked.
A bot with almost 2700 followers after the twitter purge on conservative accounts? Just because you disagree with someone doesn’t make them a “bot”. What about diversity of thought? Is that simply dead if you’re liberal? Honest question.
LMAO where are these morons coming from . The world is against you . Your numbers are so small God is good. The you can't stop a movement so huge sorry .
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA LIBERALISM IS A MENTAL ILLNESS 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Sorry sir, but that is the height of "partisan" athletics. Not that I am above it myself #GoTarHeels but we conflict as #UNC will no doubtedly beat A&M
UNC cheats tho so they don’t count.
Unfortunately in college basketball and athletics, they all cheat.
- #JFK #Reagan #Shootings
- #Hitler Supporters

The Bush family are monsters.
Is that really necessary?
Ask myself all the time.

Necessary for Prescott Bush to amass a fortune selling NAZI Germany weapons? No.

Ask the Reagan family if they thought GH Bush was involved in Reagan's attempted assassination.

#Bush
I am wondering why you are attacking former presidents rather than the current one?
Okay, so why are you not attacking the current president? I must have misread the part where you explained that

Go jump out of an airplane George.  I voted for you twice and am embarrassed I did.
I hope your final matchup prediction is right, but you’ve picked the wrong team to win! #GoWildcats #LetsMarchNova
Loving the bants between you all - respect
@Griff_Raff22
lol I hope so!! 
Random thought: My main problem wasn’t with W personally, it was with his boss, Dick Chaney. Similarly my main issue now isn’t necessarily with Trump but it’s with his boss, Vladimir Putin. No issues with Obama since he was his own boss. (Aside from picking Kentucky to lose.)
This bracket was posted by GH, not W.
Oops. My bad. Thought it was W
I don't think W is on twitter. At least I could never find him.
@billg194
@AgColin look who’s got the #Aggies going all the way!!! 
That’s strong support!! Might have something to do with his library being on our campus too
Either way...gotta love it! 
Absolutely!!
these ex-pres are awesome. Such a shame how low we have fallen today
We have not fallen, we have finally gotten off knees and are standing tall!
UK allllllllll the way baby!!!!
Hy
I’ll always respect the *office* of the Presidency.... but Clemson, Mr. President???
That's quite a homer bracket, but 93-year-old WWII heroes turned President get a pass on these things.
Wow a Republican President being respectful to @BarackObama. How refreshing. #civility
Sir, you should have stopped before you added the A&M. Haha!  #HookEm 
@TheColeTarver !!! me and george bush both chose tamu 
I wonder if he was NyQuil drunk as well... 

For the record NOBODY can predict anything!  Our country is in a state of perpetual embarrassing horror, I figured it would be bad but NOT. This bad? Thanks for your calmness we need it!

Bot/troll. The memes don't even make sense.

With all due respect why did your Son stay quiet through the disastrous Obama presidency yet bash Trump now? Trump has done more for America in 1 yr than Obama did in 8. 

Very disappointing.
I voted for both of you.
Because they are all cowards. Business as usual in their elites world!
Thanks President Bush that you can "respectfully" disagree with another person, even Obama. Trump, take a lesson!
He needs no lessons from the Bushes.
Trump would have done one , but had a fit when he found out that Trump U wasn’t included

GHW how about getting together with Obama to speak out about trumpster fire presidency and helping save the country from this slow motion train wreck?
It’s already being saved, with help from know one! #POTUS2020
Man, do we miss all of you guys!!

Your profile literally contains lies, and relies on name calling and childish emojis. You’re not even a clever BOT. Sad!

Love respectful differences!! Can you both come back!!! Help
Damn, can we do that? They can co-serve. Ya know, like share the desk! 
Hahahhaha! Yess! Come back to The White House... share a desk!!
Bi-partisan "Presidenting"
Lol!
too bad you are a groper, sir
Oh, right. Shh. Let the poor guy have a few Tweets with Obama to scrub him up a bit. Sorry. Go, Retrievers!
Now this is really nice to see : 2 former presidents enjoying the comradery debating sports picks. Love it!
Great to see 2 wonderful presidents with a sense of humor.  Lacking in the WH these days!
#POTUS2020
Stay in your own lane, Mr. Bush. You and your son had your time in the Whitehouse. We all live in a glass house, including you. It’s in very poor taste to criticize a sitting president, whether you support him or not. How would u have felt if it was done to u or your son!!!!!
Not showing any love for @TexasSports @UTBasketball though ...
Who'd pick them if they want to win their pool? 
I picked the Longhorns to win two, and for most of that game it looked like a good choice. Didn’t watch the overtime, though, I sensed Nevada had the momentum by that point.
My @GoHuskiesMBB didn't even make it, so no shame. As I used to say for my Cubbies, maybe next year.

u coulda also made it a gangster bush
I did my part
Villy Villy!
The dude can’t walk. I don’t think he typed this tweet..
(Would’ve loved to seen GW’s sheet last night when I still could make changes)
I love the friendship of our former POTUSs. I doubt if @realDonaldTrump will ever be welcomed into that group
Maybe on visiting day up the river.
You guys are cool
This is the best exchange tonight, despite the fact that I don’t understand this March Madness stuff. I just love seeing the two of you in the same tweet.
You picked no upsets the first round
Two respectful gentlemen... love it. I will take either one of you over our current situation. God bless you bith

Mr.President with all due respect It's OHIO STATE not Ohio.
Sorry your bracket is broken already Buffalo beat AZ. Maybe TSMU can pull it out.
You are part of the corruption and belong in jail. SHAMEFUL!
UVA is taking the natty Mr President. I guarantee it.
Awesome!!  You guys absolutely rock.
Loven it!!
sir, you are an american treasure..your hoops picks...not so much!!!!!!!
Congrats on calling the aggies for the win they blew NC state out off the water
Good choice Mr. President!
Good Luck 41 !!
So apparently, polo is no longer the favorite sport of global elitists.
You did a better job with your bracket than @BarackObama. Just so happens you were the better President too. 
C'mon W, you need to get in this.
Aggies?? Cmon sir lol
I ABSOLUTELY RESPECT THIS BRACKET. IM SO SORRY MY CANES HAD TO BE THE CANES AND LET US DOWN FATHER W.
Meanwhile, there’s so much more important things going on. Go grab a Heiney, ol man
Neither of you like Oklahoma!!!!
A & M, aint beating Nova or Xavier, sorry Bush
Sorry HW, the Aggies are not getting past thr Friars
Well this tweet did not age well. But you think the Aggies are are beating UNC?
Neither did this tweet lol
Sir, you are the only Republican I've ever voted for in my life. You were the very  first vote I ever cast for President. I've never ever regretted it. You are a class act. Now I know why! #GigEm
Xo amaizing
Gig Em Aggies!
Mr. President I have to respectfully disagree...  Go Blue it's U of M's Year!!!  #uofm
please die soon
Your comments are so cute. Go back into your New World Order shithole.
Your brackets terrible, kinda like your term as president

The former presidents are all headed to Gitmo for #Treason , @POTUS would not want to be in that fraternity! Don't believe me, just wait, it is coming sooner then you think! #TheStormIsUponUs
George don’t stoop to the extremely low level of acknowledging Barrack Obama. Not a good look. Obama is a jack wagon and should stay out of the political spotlight just like his predecessors .
Bot foolish foolish bot. Your days are numbered.
President Bush:  I am very pleased that you picked UVa for the Final Four.  I am telling everyone that is a safe bet.  I am bet they willl go all the way.

#UVa
#GoHooos
#Wahoowa 
#NCAATournament2018
Hi Sandra. Are you talking to ex President Bush again behind my back
Every chance I get!!  How you are having a good weekend.
Respectfully Mr Pesident you have both,  been mistake; that would be Kansas that is going to come out as Champions
Love it!
It’s great for the country to see two former presidents respectfully disagree on matters. Thank you both for your service.  We appreciate you both more each day.
Oh, Mr. President's. How you woefully underestimate my #KentuckyWildcats ! But, solid brackets for 41, and 44. Where's 42, and 43!?
Loyal Chicago killed your bracket HW. But you had Miami going so deep, Tennessee or Cincinnati will definitely be playing Virginia, it would have never been Miami.
Nova
Bush,Bush,Obama,Comey,Mueller,Mccain.all are honorable men.dare I say who's not.

I wouldn’t be brave enough to put my Seminoles or Gators as champion, but kudos to your loyalty! Hope all is well too!! :)
Stop it
You were the main influence in me becoming a Republican in my first vote for you against Clinton. (Not an easy decision in a Jewish family in So Cal)
Didn't turn out our way but thank you for your leadership!
This will be me when my home team Longhorns give you that L. Don’t worry about the haters. We got this. #HookEm 
Lol @ you, dummy.
I love these guys!
Miami hurt ya, @BarackObama!

( Me, too.... But didn't go THAT far....)
I'm sorry I thought this was the list of people that @POTUS has fired.
Get it 41!
Oh yea! Game on!
Dumbest thing I ever heard tell of.
WHAT ABOUT THE HOUSTON COUGARS!
You are a great man. The country is better off due to your leadership.

hit me up for cheap, quality beats! prices are negotiable and always cheap!
Love this!! Diplomacy by example!
To bad your family sides with a President who spied on the American people!
Good luck. I have @GoShockers
This is the kind of back-and-forth between Democrats and Republicans that I like seeing, and showing respect to one another. Good luck to 41 and 44 in your brackets. It appears as though Mr. Bush did not pick the handsome guys as well! #Buffalo
It is wonderful to see how everyone gets along.  I guess IQ45 never got the memo.  You are all very respectful to each other, makes me so happy.  Well whoever wins, these tweets are fun to read.  Thank you Mr. President's
Michigan State all the way!
Presidential madness I can appreciate
Such class acts...both of you....
Good luck Mr. President!
Villanova is going to be tough to beat..
I like your bracket because you have my Nevada getting far!
BOTH Duke and A&M in the Final Four? Respectfully, Mr. President, bite your tongue. ;-) Love that you have my Red Raiders through the Elite Eight, though! #TexasTech #MarchMadness
I’m gonna respectfully differ with both @BarackObama and @GeorgeHWBush. Texas goes farther than A&M and Michigan passes state and reaches final four. #GoBlue #HookEm
@JeredHudson
Whoooop! 
LOL
I can’t agree until I check with my husband  Ohhh the chains the bind me 
why all the trump bashing when most elected politicians are satanic child predators. soon everyone will know..even stupid ppl.
My favorite thing is that he calls OSU “Ohio.” Go Blue!
Whoop!
You two are too cute. Much love and respect for both of you. Go Blue!  Go B1G Ten!!
We understand your coded tweets....GOing down

Um does this mean that Bush knows more about basketball then Obama?  This is MADNESS!
Hello Mr. President, Good Luck to you Both.
Thank you so much for your Service to this Great Country. I Wish you the best. Take Care Sir
#gigem #aggies #dadclassof1942 #aggiearmy
Put the bottle down, George.
Oh how I miss #RESPECT #HONOR #HUMANITY in the #Whitehouse
That a baby Prez!!! Them Aggies gonna be running all over them Wolverines!!!
you have underestimated URI
Well I for one will be using my tax cut to cover my Bracket losses Thank you Trump .
Get real CRUMB snatchers!
With all due respect Mr. President... #pcbb
Incredle gif
Wish I could take credit for making it
Sorry, Mr. President… As a staunch Republican, I’m with Obama on this one #gogreen Plus, you have TCU beating MSU?!? Throw away your bracket
It’s Ohio State not Ohio

Nothing makes me feel like Washington DC is an old boys club more than seeing the warmongering Bush boys cozying up to Mr. Wonderful. @BarackObama
You might be onto something
The other members of your pool thank you for your donation.
You are both honorable men- how did we end up with a hot mess like trump? I still miss you President Obama and hope you win
The NWO that plays together stays together
Excellent competition!
Now this is the best of Twitterdom
@irndaharris
I’d like that too; but I wouldn’t bet money on it  I’ve got Villanova. (I picked Loyola-Chicago in this round too.)
David Cop-a-feel
Let’s Go @GeorgeHWBush
UVA killed your bracket!!! But you still have your A&M!
Mr President. Your chart has been compromised.
My Buffalo Bulls beat Arizona. 
Yes!!!
We are so proud of our Buffalo Bulls!!!
On to the Final Four
Thank you, George Bush and former Presidents for being real Americans. This respect for one another is what we are longing for. 
Baghdad Bob is dying.  Please call him soon
My favorite part is the fact he had UT and OU losing in first round. He knows what’s up.
George Bush's handwriting looks exactly like I would expect George Bush's handwriting to look.
That’s class! 41 and 44 showing how Presidents should always behave.
Woohoo!  Gig’em Aggies!
You love Obama so much you POS why don't you marry the negro...
Wow. You are still a racist? 
Your pick is starting to look very smart right now
Tell W to pick Iraq to win it all
BALLSY picks from #41
Good luck Mr. Presidents
Obama not perfect, but he stopped W's torture program.  Can't respect a man who believes torture is okay.
And I like most of your UVa predictions!
Why do we got almost the same brackets George. Aggies ain’t winnin tho
You guys do know that Donald Trump is President of the United States right...? #electaclownexpectacircus don:
