Dear Mr. President, How wonderful to hear from you on Social Media! I can only imagine using Twitter to communicate with the Public may have been challenging to embrace. Sharing your pride in those who give of themselves to help others, and your family! Hope this finds you well !
Mr President, I was 17 when I voted for you in the primary. (I  would be 18 in the fall) I am a progressive now but I  think I think I would vote for you again. Love to you and the First Lady.
Nice to hear from you President Bush on your grand kid's involvement in community/societal concerns and activities.
A beautiful legacy of service you and Mrs. Bush have created. Blessings to you Mr. President. Thank you for all you have done!
It's wonderful to see that your family was able to share a moment of happiness together. I hope there will be many more moments equally as enjoyable that you all share.
God Bless George HW Bush, the man who won the Gulf War One. The man who fought in WWII. The Man who had a son @TheBushCenter George W Bush. The man who Reagan whose as a running mate. Amen!!
USA proud to be.
GhbBush. You are 1 of my all time favorite presidents.
This is what geatest American wealthy family are doing, to provided goods toward the public.  American citizen have knowns for great contribution & charity at home & around world poor country...
Glad to see more bush family moving up into positions hopefully back into the place the belong and thrive #WhiteHouseneedsaBush
Bush family gave to customs(US) a lot and have fai very also for the democracy in world, respect for bush, lively family the bush and lively family America
Fantastic and congratulations. You have been a wonderful example Mr. President, for future generations!
Yup!  God Bless!
I need assistance they are still not literally showing me or talking to me rgarding this matter. I told them for 2 years only and they did it for almost 3 years! They are asking me to take medicine i for the brain i am not really comfortable with the medicines
I can sleep normally now they are giving me a sleeping pill??
Sweet!
WTG @PierceBush!  @GeorgeHWBush...We hope you &Mrs Bush are well.  You are missed Mr President. We need leadership, our children are being killed!!
Way to go Pierce!!!

Congratulations to you on such a good thing!
Beautiful #lovethebushfamily
Little lites like this is what made me link up with the bush name in hopes myself my children and 2nd 3rd neration will follow,,,,, but sir(Dad,(Mom) all credit is due to you Two..... couldnt reach the standards after you and 1stLady set the BAR
They still think I care about saddamn.....pff
@GeorgeHWBush  I shook hands w/ you as a 16 yo ; you were the USAmbassador to the UN. My family attended  a celebration of Albanian Independence Day  at the UN and you dropped in ; my dad made sure I met you and shook your hand ! Years before selfies..... too bad .
Paul bonacci
i'm happy to help other's...  but suddenly...  i cannot find someone who stand beside me at rest of my life...

Did CIA kill JFK? Where were u on that day?!
Ray.  Wray.  Whatever his name is.
Goid to see you alive and well :)
Srry I'm late Sir.......We will claim revenge ....in your honor .....pops
Yours Ravi Pratap Upadhyay Cartik(10) sinceDec (1989)
You can think peacefully once again you done mistake or your grand kids doing mistake?(9) Cartik
Can you think you have done a serious mistake for me? I have no effective tools and kids! I pray to God peacefully death sentence if you provided?(8)Cartik
This time I am not young32 year but seriously I’ll in58 year alone bachelor life parents were died house was selled no shelter no support!(6)Cartik
Pensez à moi Monsieur le Président, veuillez me subventionner pour mon projet de reboisement et lutter contre le réchauffement de la planète à mon niveau.
Я Потерплю! Nice to see You Sr.!
