

Just stop being ignorant. Let say A Mexican stole your car and  got a car accident that killed many.
Which one you plame the most? You, your car, the Mexican or the police cuz they didn't stop him?? Let see how smart you are!! 
SAUDI GOVERNMENT WORNED US. They trained in Iran btw
Learn english
#BushIsCriminal !
North Africans breath hatred. 
Hatred is caused by ignorance.
Bedouins , you are submissive and traitors !
This proves what I just said.
انتم تمثلون الخزي عند العرب. مكروهون من جميع العالم...
ممكن انت الوحيد ومجموعة من البغضاء والحاسدين المخدوعين بالإعلام ونحن لا نمثل إلا أنفسنا ابناء الجزيرة العربية اهل التوحيد ومهد الرسالة ولسنا مسؤولين عن العرب شئت أم أبيت ومن يريد أن يصافحنا أهلا وسهلا    نقطة
تسلم رأسك على هذا الرد المقنع جدا

amirca is the real enmy of muslim and the bush family kil 1.5 mileon our pahktoon brother in#Afganistan
God bless you!!!
Corruption at it's finest.
Get well
غدى الشر ما تشوف الشر يا بعد زولي انت يا جورج بوش 
Get better!!!
See... u hang out with only the rich head-choppers. 
#noRespect to you
We still remember this day / God bless you  #kuwait #USA #America
@GeorgeHWBush, LORD God here. It is time to leave the leopard beast 44 and his agenda of the downfall (in alliance to the tribes of Ishmael and the red dragon), of My USA and the destruction of My Israel behind. You do not want to follow Obama to the Hell he is destined to.
I took your beloved wife Barbara away... so you would know how it feels to have your best friend/ life partner gone. If you do not quickly obey, and too straighten out your son... you shall never again be able to hold your wife in your arms again.
@GeorgeHWBush, if you understand not My words, then ask My predestined red horse @realDonaldTrump... for he understands My words.
Thinking of you
Hope you get well soon President Bush. You and your family is in my thought.
Not English
That's NOT 43!!
Activate>#tyler #TIMEPHONEHACK #PORTLAND
President Bush, get well soon, ok!? We are all praying for you.


President George H.W Bush hospitalized 1day after Barbara's funeral https://susanorji.blog/2018/04/24/president-george-h-w-bush-hospitalized-1day-after-barbaras-funeral/ … via @suzdick
Happy birthday
GO TO HELL, WITH YOUR NEW WORLD ORDER
Prayers  for President George H.W. Bush.  He’s in critical condition.  That’s true love.  Hope he makes it through.  #GodBless. @GeorgeHWBush @TheBushCenter
& - allies and partners since the USS QUINCY meeting in 1945.  It was an honor to serve with my Saudi Shipmates during Desert Shield/Desert Storm. - @SaudiEmbassyUSA @usembassyriyadh
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is a country that loves permanent peace and is always loyal to the honest allies towards the countries and peoples, and all of us together will bear fruit for the world to live in peace and remove terrorism from its roots by joining together all Saudi
'permanent peace' hahahaha. Funder of terrorism more like. Backwards, human rights abusing authoritarian regime too.
tries and parties.
What bullshit, sauds funded 9/11 and their govt was in on it. Have you beheaded your quota today ?
Where is you solid evdince? CNN, Fox news or more like that said I say????

In term of "beheaded" that is a capital punishment. Let say someone killed your son or beloved ones. And the court said life sentence in jail!! Is that satisfied for you?? I rather kill that fucker myself
It is known who funded 9/11 
#27pages 
They behead dissenters, gays, blasphemers- like most Muslim countries.
Your father "Prescott Bush" is responsible for WW2 and funding the nazis. You "HW Bush"are responsible for the JFK assassination. Your son "W Bush" is responsible for 9/11. Your whole family are nothing but fascist terrorist! #Qanon #TheGreatAwakening
Houston has been fortunate to be home to George and Barbara Bush. So many Houstonians have stories (plural) of running into one or both of these two somewhere around town and what a pleasure it was. They are genuinely good people, and I'm glad our paths crossed. Much Love to you.
@Fox35Amy @Fox35News  @FoxNews  @FOX19
You made wars together. based on greed congrats old man.
investigate 9/11...
Be strong Mr President be strong i love You kisses and My best wishes 
Keep fighting and GOD bless u...
My thoughts my prayers are with you Mr President  Shawn I live all of you
What do you think about holding up Reagans agenda. 
@GREATBritain 
@WhiteHouse 
@china
@mfa_russia
Thanks for sending me to KSA and Iraq for almost a year...tell the Crown Prince I could use that $10,000 the then King offered.
Also, if you had let us finish Saddam then all that’s happened since may have been different or non existent.
Thank yourself. It's an all volunteer force.  And you have no way of knowing the hows and whys of paths not taken during Desert Storm.
If Desert Storm was your last rodeo, that's a really bad bet.
tf is this some kind of photoshop
Do who killed who in Riyadh? You likely ordered it, kinda like #Kennedy so you are the one to ask...
Deepest condolences to your family from ours. Barbara was a tremendous firsr lady and was widely admired and appreciated!


Where were you on Nov. 22 1963?
President Bush, I am but one, yet I feel all of America and beyond our borders feels this deep sense of gratitude to your family. Life is difficult, and more so when you have the world judging your every decision. Your beautiful bride made us proud. God bless you   and yours.
What a wonderful tribute today to a wonderful First Lady. May God Bless the Bush Family and May God rest her soul. It seemed like your family was pleased with how you loved them, so a job done
All my love and prayers Mr. President.
So very sorry for your precious loss, President Bush. What a treasure you both have been.
I am so sorry for your loss Mr. President.  Prayers for you and your family.
Thank God that Robin did not have to grow up with a dad like you
They like to grope women too
I’m So sorry for your loss. May God be with you ... 
Condolesences to you President Bush. I'm so sorry, but I know you're beautiful family will be there for you. Sending Prayers to you @JennaBushHager & All of The Bush Family. We have lost an amazing American Patriot in Former First Lady Barbara Bush #FLOTUS41 Forever In Our Hearts
Wow you still a life
It's always nice to have good relations with such a country, not only because of the people, but also the oil. And its always nice to have a good allie in the middle east. This might be a bit off topic, but my condolences for the loss of your wife President Bush. God bless you.
Dear Mr Presdent Bush, I am sorry for the loss of your wife, The Great Silver Fox. She crossed the isle even to life long democrats. RIP SilverFox
God Bless you and your Family in your time of loss
So very sorry for you loss, Mrs. Bush was a classy lady, R. I. P. 
The irony of hosting these two men from Saudi Arabia after bombing Assad for alleged war crimes.
I’m so sorry for your loss Mr. President.
Sorry for your loss Mr President
Thoughts and prayers to President Bush and your entire family. Wish you well Mr. President.
My condolences on the loss of your beloved mother. May God give you and your family comfort.
My condolences for the loss of your wife, Mr President. #RIPBarbaraBush
Dear Mr. Bush Your Wife was a very noble women.  Whom I looked up to as a small child I broke out in tears as if she was my own Kin. Heaven has a new Angel and that is Mr.s Barbra Bush 92 years sir I wish only blessings and prayers to the Bush family thank you Mrs Nicole Lehman
So sorry for your loss. She was a lovely authentic woman. Glad she was a Flotus, she made a mark.
May God give you the comfort that only He can give you. Your wife was a beautiful soul who always inspired me to be a better mom, wife, and grandma. She will be missed. 
SORRY FOR MAMA 
a big bunch of blue roses
of desolation for the mama Bush
Spearhead of a great nation and who knew how to make maternity a huge privilege
we would not describe her as perfectly as her house Thank you mama BUSH
Pray with
St. BARBARA
F IDA T @brhodes
.
I feel sorry for yor loss. Condolences.
I love you Jim Baker
If your wife was pro-choice and for gay marriage, she's not in a good place. You failed her.
So sorry to hear about the passing of  our First Lady , she was classy, strong and a great matriarch. 
Stay strong and God bless!
Dear @GeorgeHWBush  sorry  for loss of your wife may she Rest In Peace
There are only a few ladies who really made the First Lady a class act.  Mrs. Bush was one of them. All of Texas mourns tonight. All of the USA.
I grieve the loss of Mrs. Bush.  A wonderfully kind and gracious lady.  She will be missed.
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Sorry for your loss
Prayers for you tonight .  I couldn’t help remember those mornings in the WH when you two woke up and read the papers in bed.  She will be missed by many
Sorry for your loss
Very sorry for your loss@mr president
Our condolences Mr President for the passing of Mrs. Bush she was a classy and kind First Lady and will be sorely missed. May the good Lords keeps her innHis glory
Mr President, I am truly sorry for the loss of your wife. Best regards to you and your family.
Saddened at the loss of your love. You two had a once in a lifetime kind of love. The kind that movies pretend to be about. May memories keep you warm until you and Barbara are young again in Heaven. We mourn with you with love and tremendous respect.
We will miss them always..
My condolences to you and your family on the loss of your beloved wife, Barbara! #RIPBARBRABUSH 
Condolences on the loss of your wife,  what an amazing run the two of you had!
I am so sorry for your loss. Praying for you and your family. Truly a beautiful lady who truly cared about everyone. Of all the first ladies she was genuine and made a difference in everyones life. She was a lady whom I looked up to.
Sorry for your loss President Bush she was a shining star and a wonderful mentor to all she will be missed
My best condolences for you mr. President
Be strong, you are a great person and a great statesman who led America
Barbara was a true and captivating woman
So sorry for your loss, sirs. Barbara was a sweet person and a true lady.
Sorry for yr loss, she slipped away but a real great lady.
So sorry to hear of the passing of Mrs. Bush. She was an amazing woman and we were lucky to have her.
So sorry for your loss. America will be praying for you. Stay strong!
Condolences, sir.
RIP to your wife
You and I met briefly outside Wagshall’s Deli on Mass Ave a long time ago, Sir. Consummate gentleman politician. So sorry for your loss. She was a great, great lady.
I’m so sorry for your loss, my she rest in peace. You’re in our thoughts.
My deepest sympathies on your Wifes passing.  You are in prayers, Mr Bush God Bless.
So so sorry Mr. President. First Lady Barbara Bush was an amazing woman. She seemed practical, unassuming and not easily impressed. A classy  beautiful woman inside and out. The world will miss her wit. #FirstLadyBarbaraBush
I am so sorry for your loss. Your wife was the most inspirational woman of the century. A true lady and diplomat. She will be forever missed and honored. Be well.
Im so sorry for your loss.
Sending my heartfelt sympathy to you and the rest of your family at this difficult time at the loss of your beloved wife BarbarA.
I’m so sorry for your loss Sir
Our deepest condolences to you Mr President for the loss of your wife. 
Thoughts are with you during this time of your wife’s passing :(
My condolences  sir on he loss of your wife. I did not vote for you but your wife was he classiest First Lady America has ever known. She served with  the dignity and respect that the office so deserves. Prayers to you Mr President and to your entire family.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Thinking of you during this time of loss. Your wife, your partner, your everything was, will always be a First Lady. 
Sorry for your loss Mr. President. Barbara was a great First Lady.
So sorry for your loss. May God be with you.
I'm sorry for your loss my grandma and I loved your wife. My dad passed away two months ago. I think heaven is gaining great souls
So sorry to hear about Barbara, your beautiful wife. She will be missed by all that knew her.
So sorry for your loss. I always respected her, so much class and dignity. May she she Rest in internal peace.
Very sorry for your loss.
Mr. President, I am so sorry for your loss. It is a loss to our country as she was a great person and First Lady! May she rest easy, Sir!
Mr. President, I am truly sorry for your loss. Barbara is truly an amazing person and an incredible role model.
Condolences to you and your family
Strength and condolences to you in this time.
Sorry about your wife I'm praying for your family
My condolences to you and your family
My condolences GHWB.
My deepest and most sincere condolences. Mrs. Bush was a true role model and represented what a 1st lady should be
Mr. President my deepest condolences for you & the entire Bush family. The loss of former first lady Barbara Bush has left us all saddened. She was a magnificent woman, a role model. She’s gone from our sight but never our hearts. Someone so special will never be forgotten.

Former First Lady Barbara Bush is dead https://susanorji.blog/2018/04/17/former-first-lady-barbara-bush-is-dead/ … via @suzdick

Former First Lady Barbara Bush is dead https://susanorji.blog/2018/04/17/former-first-lady-barbara-bush-is-dead/ … via @suzdick
Sorryfor your loss, sir.
My deepest condolences on the passing of your mother. She was awesome!
Sorry for the loss of your wife, Mr. President.
So sorry to hear about Barbara. She was a great First Lady and she will be missed by all. Condolences to the whole Bush family.
Sorry about your wife
We love you......Prayimg for you and your family tonight for you loss.....God Bless
My deepest sympathies

Praying for you and your family
Our family is praying for yours, sir. God bless you all.
Very sorry to learn of Mrs Bush's passing. You are in our thoughts & prayers. I'm sure she is in heaven! It brings back memories of when we could be proud of our President regardless of political party!
Bush family passed itself off as mildly "conservative" while actually pushing open borders, mass 3rd world immigration to the West and amnesty for illegals

No loyalty to Americans

-

#FoxNews #MAGA #TrumpTrain #PJNET #NRA #tcot #Hannity #ccot #Tucker #NASCAR #p2 #DonaldTrump
Sorry for the loss of your wife! America's mom Barbara!
Ah, so sorry for you loss.  Barbara Pierce Bush was  quite a woman.  Your love of each other always came through to us out here President Bush.  We were all very lucky to have her on our side.  Prayers and love from Pennsylvania.
Condolences for your loss
Jesus is the Way, the Truth & the Light
Jesus Christ is the only way to be reconciled to God No other being, spiritual or human, is needed as a go-between for us & God. The symbolism of the torn temple veil (Matthew 27:51) applies here: Jesus is the way…
We love you, President Bush, and your wife will always be our First Lady 

Much love, 
Jonathan
May she rest in peace.

Blessings to you and the former First Lady.  Your faith is an inspiration!
So sorry to hear about Mrs. Bush' health....I wish the Bush' family strength durinbg this difficult time. She is an amazing woman.....@BarbaraBushFdn @barbarabushlib @barbarabush41 @GeorgeWBush__ @GeorgeBush12
#Saudi are criminals too, doing #Genocide in Yemen and funding wars like in  #Syria not to mention 9/11 hijackers were #Saudi
Bush family are criminals! Yet dumb Corporate dems like Bush junior #WarCriminal
#TIMEPHONEHACK
If there are grave sins you & the wife have made in this life.. make it right now.. There is yet time. I am so sad that the time of your wife's passing has seemingly come upon her .. We must all die , but remember to line it up for eternity .. God be with you both.
Thinking of you - sending love ..
Thinking of you & your family tonight.
May God bless your wife the matriarch of this amazing family, a true patriot and the classiest First Lady of the #StayStrongW
My heart is breaking. Please rest well Mrs Bush
Sending prayers to The First Lady, and your family.
yes mrs bush I will always remember your kindness and understanding and caring for people with Dyslexia you are a very special person
Hey Bush! You're a war criminal and you know it.
I am very sorry to hear of Mrs. Bush's illness. Sending thoughts for her best & for the entire Bush family.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your beautiful bride.
Don't keep blaming 41&43 . Snowflakes, 45 was dancing with all of them during his visit.
Sending prayers to Barbara, you and your family 
Prayers to your dear wife Barbara!
Mr. President, all the best to Barbara with her health.
he's murdered a lot of people iirc.
To think, it has been 100 years since World War I
Yea,they just wanna take advantage of me  andallof my money.I own the Nation of Islam.I am gonna go there and stop them from haveanykinds of militants.I will be taking away all their ammunition,and they will see that they are my subordinates just like my subordinates in the USA
I don't care what Nation they are from.They aren't Royal,Bin Laden is just taking advantage of America because he thinks that he could and that nobody is gonna do anything about it.He needs to be imprisoned right away.We need to go to Islam,and take away any kind of authority.
Bushes are straight from Hell and there is where they are going. First a Military Tribunal for the Traitors.....NO DEALS.

Cool

Remember these #Zionist puppets & ensure your children know their names, know their lies, know their treachery, know their bloody trail of #warcrimes...

#FakeChristians #FakeMuslims #Puppets #Terrorists #USA #SaudiArabia #DeepStateWantWar
#SaudiArabia #ISIS
Its an iranian killing method
#SaudiArabia #ISIS
Calm down

Is it not remarkable that - in response to 9/11 attack - the US spent 16 years bombing 8 predominantly Muslim countries that had no connection to the attack, while expressing increasing amounts of reverence & love for the one regime that plausibly did? https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/03/bob-graham-and-bob-kerrey-on-a-saudi-link-to-9-11/253936/ … …
Hey pops ask that dead Arab saddamn what we gonna do here after we mop up.
.
that eye scat ain't shit but they ain't getting no cure for h.i.v on my blood draw .....
George Bush when President not popular after first few years - but he now looks a star compared to the vile Trump - Trump's constant lies, nasty aggro behaviour, attitude to women & disabled a terrible example - worse he is not up to top job- very incompetent & highly dangerous
Shouldn't you be in prison for war crimes?
Oil for Yuan will test the long-standing friendship.
Good keng ben slman
Long term terrorism friendship
