But Mr. President, have you ever caught a shark before?
I long for the ordinary corruption of a Bush admin or a Clinton admin or a Reagan admin or an Obama admin. That seemed miniscule compared to the Trump admin corruption. Sorry to hijack your tweet, former Mr President. I'm an decent human being suffering under the Trump regime.
You should start learning the meaning of the word Decent .
I’ve been trying to get this to you for some time. It’s a letter you wrote to my grandfather in 1977.
I miss every president prior to 2017.
LOL...Amen to that!!!
Your Texas A&M team victory and now a great friends birthday. You deserve all the best Mr. President.  You are an inspiration to many more than you realize. Thanks for your years of leadership in battle and in government.
Happy Birthday 93rd. Birthday to Gen. Brent Scowcroft! Thank you, with all my heart, for your service to our country!!
Mr. President, I am hoping your #MarchMadness prediction holds true.  Go @aggiembk and @AggieWBB.  #SweetSixteenBound
If Bush 43 had listened to Brent Scowcroft’s warnings, our country would not have started a misguided war in Iraq which has bled our country of trillions.  Story 
Oh... and the millions who died on the other side
41 is such a fine man
As a life long Democrat, I've always admired how he prosecuted the first Gulf War. When the specified mission was over he walked away. Read my Lips, you were a good Republican President.
Hey how old would JFK be today???! #QAnon #GreatAwakening
Luciferian pedophile.  Your site if full of adoring bots.  Team Trump!
Sure need more of you guys around today!
Happy birthday to the General!  Thank you for your service.
When a Republican was a true Republican. Not the filth we have now.
I miss having competent, compassionate, and intelligent republican leaders.
It’d be something if you sent well wishes to Robert Mueller. You know… if you’re so inclined.
Brent's selfless service to the nation is indeed worthy of praise from another great American patriot. The Pacific Forum adds its warmest birthday greetings to its chairman emeritus.
R there any cops or firefighters from New York that don’t think the murders on 9/11 weren’t set up? CIA Insider Tells truth about 9/11 attacks https://youtu.be/0kG1CcVE0UQ  #911Truth #911WasAnInsideJob #911 #GeorgeWBush #FalseFlag #CFR_Violations #cfr #SkullandBones #Freemasons
Tight lines!
I miss the good old days when we had real presidents Reagan, George HW, Clinton, George W and Obama. Yes, I also remember a real National Security Advisor called Brent Scowcroft. So Happy Birthday Brent
wondering what the heck has happened to your Republican Party. They don’t look at all like the GOP you were a part of. J.Baker,Cap Wineburger,George Shultz and u Mr President, those were the good ole days
What a wonderful photo. I am proud of the Bush contributions to our nation. That family has always sided with America's interests, honor, integrity. I really miss that. Happy Birthday Mr. President.
Happy Birthday Mr. President. I love and miss you! Like the rest of the nation
Happy Birthday to a wonderful man and a great President!
Happy Birthday General.
Happy Birthday, Sir!
Hey, no trolling Russian bots? Only when prominent democrats tweet? Nothing against Bush. Just need more republicans to stand up for America & rebuke Russia! Check this out. I have called out negative tweets as Russian bots and never a response from them. All within past week.
Even as an ugly duckling 
It's never to late to be held accountable for war crimes. How many lifetimes will it take before we end the viscous cycle of war for oil in the Middle East... 
Happy Belated Birthday President Bush. I hope it was everything you wished for and more.
I’m so sorry about Barabara. She was beyond political barriers. As a progressive, I was heartbroken at her loss for the country & especially for you. I am so sorry you are unwell; but understandable after all the stress. I wish you peace.
God Bless your wonderful wife
Cool
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/980529275970482177?s=20 …  or 
Would it be unhealthy for a president to lead the “practice safe sex” agenda by tasful responsible cinematic visual representation for the youth & single adults to follow as they grow towards finding/ building the perfect mate of a lifetime?…
#Cannibals #Adrenochrome
93,what a fine number. My alchemical transformation began 93 years after the foundation of Thelema.We need to talk. What with being former head of the CIA and former president I will chose my words carefully, but know this, if you upset Barbra you are in big trouble young man!93x
HOW COULD YOU HAVE DONE THESE MURDEROUS ACTS! You are the most evil and hated man in the history of our country!
Selfless hahaha
happy birthday..!  love u mr. president...   more blessings to come...  wish you luck...  and more birthdays to come...     <3
Happy Birthday Mr President
The real Republican America. General Scowcroft epitomizes the sound thinker that America lacks these days in national security affairs.
#PANDA6GOD

[Mixtape] PANDA6GOD - PANDA16 INDEPENDENCE DAY @panda6god_ @Spinrilla » http://spnr.la/pkrKukou 
No one cares what you and your old War Crime Buddies are Up To. 

I stopped caring what you think the Second you Resigned from the NRA.
They are all selfless even the little guys who defend this country. Some of those guys with my father blew up in a aircraft that wasn't well maintained, And we ought to do better by our men in uniform for their safety.
My HERO!
I had the honor of meeting Mr Scowcroft on a few occasions. He is a real gentleman, statesman and a decent fellow. We need more people like him.
Mr President you are one of the greatest to ever occupy 1600 Pennsylvania Ave! Oh how I long for the days of you, James Baker, and General Scowcroft!
Wish we could have both of you back at the WH
Happy Birthday Mr President.   Thank you for your continued inspiration to us all.   Bless you always.
Great picture of the two of you Mr. President. But you just HAD to choose one with a lunker on your line...
Nice of Gary Hart to let you guys use his boat.
Unfortunately, you didn't act the same way.
Awesome Man !
Post #. 14 .
You should take @realDonaldTrump to fish on that boat to see if he gets some of it. You're gonna regret it but it might help.
Hope you are doing well Mr President. Your HONORABLE service to our country and sense of human decency are truly your legacy.
Mr. President, you and Mr. Scowcroft made quite a pair.
Lol “stingray”?
Couldn’t have picked a picture where Scowcroft was hooked up? lol
How would these two fared  with 7/24 scrutiny of cable news, I fear the day of heroes is over. We have to tear everyone down
Respect 
Fish on
Trump has never baited a hook or cleaned a fish because I doubt he's even ever caught one.  He is the fish.
Did you grab his ass and tell him that "David Cop-a-feel" joke?
I believe he’s 92...
Kind words.  Happy Birthday, too!
Hey hw, you were a bit too much of a closet statist for my vote, but i greatly appreciated your foreign policy strategy.
Sorry Georgie we don't forget and we don't forgive. We are going to destroy your political crime organization and I hope you live to see it.
The both of you did so many great things for the world. Thanks.
hey, look, they are in a boat named FIDELITY...

this means, 'they are in-fidelity'
Happy Birthday, Mr. Scowcroft
Read my lips, No New Taxes
Best wishes for both of you from Houston, TX.
Happy Birthday! Until 120!

Happy Birthday, Gen. Scowcroft! Thank you for your service, Sir.
Boatin' in Fidelity! That is very cool, President Bush.
Not a bad looking boat either!
Dude (and I mean that in the most respectful sense) all Presidents should fish...Washington Cleveland Harding Hoover Roosevelt Carter  Bush!!!
Happy Birthday Brent. 
They don't make generals like that anymore. General Scowcroft would never disrespect a Gold Star widow, or harbor an accused spousal abuser.
Happy Birthday General!!
Now curious as George may sound 

That’s not badly written

Hats  off just don’t be an as

Even Tex would say so 

Texas remember the 

Oh the ALAMO

Almond?
No Almo

Yes The Alamo 

Yea to peace yes to respect 
Hats off to those not with us
A bow in silence respect or prayer
author of the "Chicken Kiev" speech (some will never forget)
Happy birthday Mr. President  !
Happy Birthday President Bush..May Almighty God continue to bless ,Amen.
Hey! I thought you were busy challenging Barack obama to basketball  brackets! Either spanking ass. Or kicking ass you always busy GEORGE!
The man that was right about Iraq
Hear hear!
Not a good enough friend to let him catch the fish.
Seriously?!...
Hook a Striper or Bluefish there?
He was your national security adviser.
Fingers crossed for a freak fishing accident.
:) :/
Wish you were still President.  The late 80s were a good time for America.
Hope your birthday was a great one President Bush.
