When you bust out, how about being  President again??
Get well soon, Mr President!
Thank you, @georgehwbush for your kind words. We are very happy that we could honor you and your beloved wife in this way. ^SF
Get out of there and get home!!! Hope you feel better!
Continue to get well. Hoping you can make it here to Maine soon.
Mr. President, I'm beyond happy that you are so much better!! You scared a lot of people. Don't do that again, my heart couldn't stand it!! I love you and your family so much. You are my favorite President (don't tell George!) and we want you around for a long time!! Much love!!!
Read my lips, "We love you, Mr. President! "
I volunteer to push your chair, Mr President! Do you have cute socks for the bust out? 
We love you mr president get well soon
Green... RUN George RUN!
Break & run Mr. President!
By atrium I believe you mean the vestibule by the window not the atrium of the heart. So glad you are better
Get well!
...Mr. President
Go get 'em Papa Bush. We're praying & pulling for you.
There's nothing like being in your own bed! Speedy recovery to you Mr. President!
This little Dem is glad you’re doing better & looking forward to getting home. Love you!
What's the first thing you're gonna do after your outta there ... much love to you and your family ... I want to see some new socks.
Glad you are recovering and ready to go Kennebunkport real soon ! Wish you are back in the Oval Office as our President :)
President Bush get well soon...You are special to me...I was part of your security detail when you flew in to Naval Station Alemeda back when you were running for reelection in 1992...unfortunately the Navy did nothing to show we had the honor of protecting our 41st President.
Prayers with you Mr President hope they are bring in more BBQ or whatever you want sir.
Wishing you good health Mr. President! So glad you are better.
Get well soon, Sir.
Stay strong Sir! Love you.
Get well Mr. President..we love you. Hope your watching those Rockets tonight.
Come home to Maine! We are all  here waiting for you... 
GHW Hope you get out...So you could
Jump out of Airplanes again!
Get well soon Mr. President. 

George ... don’t forget to keep moving & use your muscles!   “Things in motion stay in motion”
Get well soon!
Hope they are kind to you...
God bless.
God Bless You 
 Ypu got Space Mining to get back workin on !!!!
I hope you'll feel better soon. Best wishes 

Best wishes on good vibes to you Dear Mr President. I hope you get well soon.
Godspeed and Gig 'Em Mr. President!
Aw, you’re in our thoughts and prayers. Hope to see you at a ballgame soon. Astros and Rockets are cleaning up.
Get well sir and I hope one of your son's put a traffic light in the hall way for fun and its green.  lol...  At least that's what I would do for my dad.  Again, get well to a speedy recovery sir.
Happy to hear that you, Mr. President, feels better day by day. We want see you in Maine this summer, fancy socks and everything.
Thoughts and prayers are being sent your way  You’re an inspiration
Praying for you Sir. May God bless you and the medical staff who are caring for you. Get well soon.
Speedy recovery sir! Had the honor in meeting you back in 1999, I was impressed with how you were such a regular guy.
I would not want to be cooped up in the hospital either. Hope you can leave soon.
Thank you
Get well dear cousin. God Bless you
Praying for you, Sir!!  In 88, Dukakis was campaigning in Hoxie, Arkansas. I took my young sons to the rally, and when I shook hands with Dukakis, I said, “I’m voting for George Bush!” He shrugged. #not very classyanyway, now you know!
Many blessings to you always 
Best wishes always may you have a speedy recovery and God Bless you
Wonderful.

God speed Mr. President!
Have a relaxing summer in Kennebunkport!
All the best, Mr. President! 
See ya in Maine!
Summer's going to be beautiful in Maine, Mr. President.
Feel better Mr. President
We love you, Sir!!! 
I hope you feel better and can return home soon, President Bush.
The weather is just warming up down Maine, Mr. Bush. Here's hoping your Green light comes on soon
wishing you continued health Mr. President.
Praying for your speedy recovery! 
#POTUS...
Time to get HOME to Kennebunkport, Mr. President.
Thanks for everything, Mr. President. Get well soon! 
Get well soon Mr President, and sorry for your loss. Houston loves you!
Just heard you are going home today Sir. HALAYLOUYA!! Praise the Lord. Get to Kennebunkport the water Sir. Water is healing. Take care Try and go fishing with your Grandkids We Love You
Glad you are feeling your normal self again...my best wishes from Alaska.   :-)
so happy to hear you're ok & doing well!  we all prayed for you & are so happy the Lord answered.   my heartfelt condolences for your loss. we loved Bar as well.  so happy you are coming home soon!
I hear it’s the best, Mr. President. I’m current in the hospital being treated for MS and my neuro told me Methodist has the best neurologists. That will be my choice of where to receive treatment once I move to Houston in the fall. God Bless you. You’re an inspiration to all
Get well soon. God bless.
Speedy recovery and congrats on the atrium! @GeorgeHWBush
Looking forward to seeing you back in Maine soon!!! 
Good to see your home and out of the hospital mr. President. I continuously pray for God to heal you from the loss of your wonderful life. I also continuously to pray for your health your great president and a great man
I meant you're wonderful wife sir. My fingers sometimes get in the way of those small buttons. LOL
Happy President George HW Bush is out of the hospital & where he wants to be     
Wishing you a speedy recovery, Mr. President. Hope you'll be up to visiting Maine soon. It'll no doubt be beautiful this season.
We love your fighting spirit Mr. President! Glad you are out of the hospital and hope you are gearing up for a Maine trip this summer. See you at Barnacle Billy's in Perkins Cove?
 @JebBush
Best wishes Mr. President!
Can’t keep a good man down. Ask them to dedicate the exit door to #41.
EVIL IS EVIL OLD AGE MEANS NOTHING. THAT NEW WORLD ORDER TRANSHUMANISM SUPER SOLDIER CERN HAARP GEOENGINEERING 5G SPY 1984 WE DENOUNCE THE COMMUNISTS FACISTS COVENANT #TimephoneHack
Get well Mr. President!
Get well soon President Bush 
Delighted to read Mr. President! Answered prayers.
Love you Mr. President. Prayers. God Bless.
Get well sir!
Feel better Mr. President 
My best wishes on your escape!  You have more contributions to make during this difficult time.
Keep on keeping on, 41!
Go home to your family Mr. President, I think they Love you!
Prayers for your complete recovery Mr. President 
Sir, I am so happy that you are better!
God bless @georgehwbush!
# pray that Mr. Bush continues to improve and that he may be released from the hospital very soon..
Good that Austin has settled down too, their are illuminati godfathers that should be experiencing 21st Century evolution.  That wold take a bite out of crime.
so you're dissin' the food, mr prez? i thoroughly enjoyed my stay at brooklyn methodist.
GWRS Sir.
God speed!!
Praying for you Mr. President
Great attitude, Mr. President! Have you considered tying all those socks together and breaking out? Praying you get that green light soon!!
God speed get well soon
Hope you are outta there soon, Mr. President. :)
My prayers are with you Mr. President. God Bless you
Better take it easy old guy your not A  young whippersnapper no more .
My condolences to you and your family for the loss of Miss bush.
Get well soon and be preppy snappy Poppy asap!
Feel better soon sir!
Amen! Go get ‘em 41!
My favorite recent Prez.  I loved his "I don't get the vision thing!"
We'd be a hell of a lot better off if our leaders looked for workable answers; & ditch the "visions".
I'm praying for your speedy recovery.
Behave yourself and mind the doctors. We love you dearly and we need you. America is fluttering on morality. And Guilliani has lost his mind attacking the FBI. I'll be praying for you! God Bless You Sir!
Take it easy speedy...Smie!
Bless you.
I’m Glad you back to Twitter Sr! Truly believe that Dual Political System In US way outdated! My Word is Iron (within 3 Month I’ll ...
Restore VNSNY Mainframe (Legacy) based IT Health Care Tool!)! And of course Looking Forward To Be a Partner with your son!
Get outta there as soon as you can, Mr. President! Maine is waiting for you! 
Continued prayers are with you Mr. President.
Love you Sir!!!
Thinking of you.
We love you George... Prayers and love sent your way
Speedy Recovery Sir!
Mr. Bush, good to hear your feeling better. From Eric W. Sanchez
Continue to get well. Keeping you in my thoughts
We love you Sir.
Praying for a green light! Get well soon!
Way to go 41' we know that you got this! Thank you CIC from the Gulf war Vets! RLTW
New to Houston, love it!  And now I know why W spoke so respectfully of the great state of Texas!  Get home soon Mr President!
Get well soon Mr.President !
Lol and in that order lol!
Good to hear, Mr. President! Be very well, Sir!!!
As a nurse, I understand why you want out ASAP. Keep getting strong sir!
An old NH Zeke wishes you well.
GOD bless you, sir!
Prayers sir.
Well stated 41.Blessings on you!

GodBlessGeorge
Stay safe Mr. President.
Great news
Praying for complete healing Sir. No place like home!
Come back to Maine!!!   The snow is gone now!
My prayers are with You Mr President. 

God bless you, sir. May your recovery be a quick one. I’m sure you’ll be in Maine soon. Godspeed.
Get well soon! 
God bless and keep you well, sir.
We love you, Mr. President!  I think that light is about to turn green.
I wish you good health and a speedy recovery, sir! God bless!
Glad you are getting better
Good luck, Mr. Bush.
Wishing you a speedy recovery, Mr. President! Much love from Fort Worth!!!
Yeah, the greedy demonic mastermind behind the NWO said this, yep
Praying for your recovery Mr. President. Hope you get to go home soon
Get well soon!!
God Bless you Sir & God Speed in your recovery.
Get well, Mr. President!!
Get out of there soon. We are looking forward to you going home sir.
Amen
Kisses:)
Praying for you every day. Get well soon
Prayers Sir! @JamesGRickards @KantorRandy @EdMeeseIII @BillClinton @DanCoats
All best wishes, Mr. President.
I hope you are back home soon Mr. President, Feel better Wish you were still President.
Hope green light is soon sir.
Feel better... Wait for the green light first
Praying you get the green light to go home very soon.
Sir you are the embodiment of love for family and Grace. Thank you for your service.  Fly high sailor!!!
Wishing you a speedy recovery Mr. President!
Get well soon, sir.
We love you.
Legend......stay strong @GeorgeHWBush
Stay strong & get well soon, sir.
Best wishes Mr. President 
Get ready to head to your beloved Maine! Continued prayers for your recovery.
get going mr president !! we NEED you back in action. best wishes. from an old liberal.
You are so cute. I am so happy to hear that your health is getting better each day. God bless you President Bush! We  you.
You know.....we’ll all know soon enough.  Boom  #TheRainMakers @POTUS #WWG1WGA #GreatAwakening #StockholmSyndrome 
We miss your smile and your socks!
Lmao
Best wishes as you recover Mr President. Looking forward to the news of your arrival at Walker’s Point soon. And no skydiving!!
Get better soon!
Continued prayers lifted up.
We keeping praying God is with you amen!
What a lovely tribute. Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
You are very loved in Houston, Mr. President. We are all rooting for you!
The force be with you, Mr. President! 
Get well soon Sir...
Hurry up, green light go!
Get well soon Mr President!
my thoughts are with you and your family Mr. Bush.
Why can't you advocate for universal healthcare? Do you not have sympathy for ANYONE less fortunate than you. You can afford the best care in and out of hospital.  And around the clock and NEVER FEAR BANKRUPTCY.
Go take your meds.
