According to Otto skorzeny, YOU are Curious George
I just find your choice of book to be interesting. 
Do your homework America....
 hiding in plain sight
Far as I'm concerned his choice confirms Otto
My deepest condolences to you and your family mr president. Today we lost a beautiful woman and may god grant her peace and keep her by his side
Great to see Barbara Bush and @GeorgeHWBush still so active, especially with reading and education initiatives for children.  Hats off to @Disney and @FirstBook too.
Love and support to the Bush family!  My families thoughts are with you.
You two are the cutest!

I love that George is reading Curious George.
There's a reason for that...
He's trying to be funny...

Check out Otto Skorzeny "deathbed confessions"...
#HitlerFamily #satanfreaks  
 that's great
Nazi
My prayers are with you and your family in the loss of a great lady who lived a life of honour, and feisty humorous honesty. I appreciate her service as First Lady to this great country.
RIP Barbara Bush pic one month before her passing
Great to see this President & his First Lady doing wonderful things. Still improving children’s lives. #MagicOfStorytelling
Nazis. The Bushes are Nazis.
Thank you Mr. President & Mrs. Bush for sharing a shelfie! Every post using the hashtag #MagicofStorytelling unlocks a book donation for the children we serve, & with your participation, we’re sure to reach our goal of 1 million #bookstokids in need. #firstcoupleofliteracy
Read those and so many more to and with my kids. One of them now a proud grad of @BushSchool Thanks for being a beacon of citizenship in action and selfless service. @MLu_26
Two of my favorite books! #PrideandPrejudice #CuriousGeorge #JaneAusten #HARey
Love and respect from KUWAIT 
Nice!
Dear President George H. W. Bush i am soo sorry and sad to hear about your Wife and First Lady Barba Bush. God Bless you, God Bless Barbara Bush, George W. Bush and your entire Family
Hey Swampy @FedupWithSwamp @cq2101 is that Ms Crowley and George Sherff?!            #IBOR #EagleOneToWanta
#PizzaGate #QAnon #Hivites 
#TheyShouldBeHanging 
#SethRich  #HRCvideo
#KAG2020 #MockingbirdMedia #Pedogate
You should check out @sidefxband Sea Powers children's series.
Most excellent choices, both of you!

What a wonderful project and wonderful couple doing good things.
#doinggoodthings #Volunteer
Thank you for your continued public service to our Nation.
Love Barbara Bush
How unky Bush turned into monkey Bush and then hunky Bush  Our apologies First Lady... Glad your home sir.
My condolences to your family
I wish you a fast recover, Mr. President.
Beautiful!  May your love of literacy spread throughout the world.  And may the world truly love and treasure our national treasures. 
Look it's Aleistar Crowley's daughter and JFK's assisted murderer
Haha die fuckers and have a hell of an afterlife woop fucking woop 
This is the way these great Americans will be remembered.  Rest In Peace Barbara, and know that your service was lovely.  HW will be in good family hands.  As he did in your hospital stay, he’ll find a way to be with you soon.  Patience my dear, and you’ll be one again!
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Thank you Sir, and God Bless you and your family.
Sir family my condolences rip ma'am 
My deepest condolences to you and your family mr president. Today we lost a beautiful woman and may god grant her peace and keep her by his side
My deepest condolences, Sir.
While you were not acting president when I was born, you were the first I remember and, as a little girl, she almost felt like a mother to the country. She was a wonderful role model for a little girl.
My best wishes to you and yours.
Condolences. Great picture of you two
Sorry for your loss. Sending you prayers for strength.  You were fortunate to be married to a wonderful woman.
You all are in my prayers. Barbara was an extraordinary woman and an inspiration to me. God Bless you all
@GeorgeHWBush @Disney @FirstBook
Mr Bush I'm not very Twitter savvy. I just heard the news of your beloved wife passing. I would just like express my condolences for your loss. May she rest in peace. Vincent
So sorry for your loss today...from Dallas.
Best to barb.  She made the right decision. My mom got in home care too. Me.  Then me and hospice.  All free. Don't be sad.
As an American and immigrant;Our prying go to Mrs Bárbara;our values go beyond politics party (I’m Democrat),and we recognize people like your family served Our Country with pride,dignity and lots respect;God provide you and family the strength you need in this hard times;God ble
My prayers are with you and your family in these trying times, learning of Mrs Bush health.
My best wishes to you and the former First Lady. I hope that Mrs. Bush may remain as pain free as possible, and wish strength and comfort for her, and the whole Bush family.
You and the First Lady are really good peeps. I wish comfort for First Lady Barbara Bush, she is a wonderful person and she was a fantastic First Lady. God speed, First Lady Barbara Bush.
Disney is Pedo too, right
God Bless you two!  
Yes
Wow 1,000,000 books  that’s great news
Monty Reynolds would have been so proud of you,  if he were still with us.
I love Jane Austen too!  #Teacherlife #readingrevolution
Sylvie Delcourt est à Mimizan, le Mambo lui appartient, discothèque.
Georges bouche mes toilettes, comme ça je me fais tuer par Cathy HUBLARD dans le jardin.
I am issou Semenezi Ojink. I came from Seoul transport and i win a path  to follow my dream life to encounter the cross of Calvary victory of the  lord's river in chant of educational freedom.
That’s wonderful. Thank you both!
Love both books a lot like CG like after learning about the Capital's secret tunnels, I was told only do this when your with me, Did I listen? No I did it on my own and got locked in the tunnels. Interns freed me and I heard them laughing at me, Assholes. I get no respect.
Aha!! Published in the English language so the tangerine terrorist in the oval ofifice(Stormy's?) will not be able to understand it.
Make it a bible
Love the choice of books.
Love this!!!
America and the British can't do anything. We can rule Turkey from the outside. I think Turkey should definitely enter the European Union. America and all countries should benefit from Turkey. Obama, supports Sarkozy and Merkel supports Muslims and Turkey.
There shouldn't be http://3.world  war.B.the Muslim population is more.And these Muslims are cutting wild heads. Russia,Germany,Hungary,Algeria,All Turkish countries,China and Arabs support Turkey.The Germans said. Weapons production and technology are in our hands.
My two favoritebooks hah
Awesome!Love Barbara Bush,Thank you for doing everything for China.
Tell Mrs. Bush she is holding my favorite book of all time! #MagicOfStorytelling #PrideandPrejudice
@GeorgeHWBush, God bless you. Praying for both of you.
Got any on David Copperfield?
I just love you both Mr. President! You have done and continue to do so much for others. Thank you for serving our country in so many ways! By the way Curious George is such a fun choice 

great initiative. If only someone would teach our current @potus to read
Say cheese.
Such a great program.  Would love to donate some books (for adults) too if you have the need.
I followed george because I like memes

