I speak for millions when I say we are entering even more dangerous times. Help us protect America and get the current occupant in the White House out of office. He is a corrupt traitor.
Aren't they a bit old for your taste? @GeorgeHWBush @BillClinton
Are you mentally ill,get help
Maybe u should get some followers
Oh look. Decrepitude and Evil still think they are relevant. How cute are you?
Sorry George Barack and Dylan won't be able to make it... They'll be in jail!
What's your name? debbie downer??
Now that's a photo that represents ALL of us.
Momma And Dodda,,,,, son is here AfroAmeri,,,,,with a heartache,,,,, of responsibilty Discipline to just ride for the cause,,,,, or need to make a difference,,,,, and ourselfs are usually the urjent news need,instead of the world.....
PRESIDENT TRUMP                         makes us all proud of                            Our Country &                                          Your Future
#PANDA6GOD

[Mixtape] PANDA6GOD - PANDA16 INDEPENDENCE DAY @panda6god_ @Spinrilla » http://spnr.la/pkrKukou 
Bush 41 is adored in Africa
Cannibals find white meat more tasty.
Scary Or, senile
Awesome
Bush's are TRAITORS!! I will make sure to tell my children the truth about you evil POS!!! #UnAmericans #GreedFuks
Globalists... yes we remember your New World Order speech
MR bill clinton wife and daughter go to prison for life via the 1956 2056 us military engineers of wash dc and by your daddy uncle sam satan no longer british king satan since GOD brought him to ashes on hollywood blvd in 1988 holy bible ezekiel ch28v18thus the cold war 1/2over
USA is now a allying with Russia.  It's obvious,  USA refuses 2 condemn &/or speak out against Russia 4 the British chemical attack, refuses 2 enforce sanctions on Russia 4 meddling in our elections, & etc. 
Russia's intelligence has defected USA democracy.
Be right back with the tin foil.
If only we could get the fraud of a President out of office....
Deal with it, you sore loser,Trump is the duly elected president, as hard as 
nasty  sleazy criminal Hillary tried to rig  it, she still lost.
Why no applause for our President Trump? We are disappointed in you Former President Bush.
Most of us are incredibly disappointed with and embarrassed by President Trump....and the clock's ticking on his Presidency
Not most of us....I am a former Democrat, voted for 41 & 43 and still support 45.
Yeah, Audrey. Most of us. You are in the minority.
I love the fact that, despite political differences, you and all the former Presidents have a great relationship with each other. Total class! Thank you for the respect you show one another.
Well done!!!
Are your military peers your own age group who are still active duty for life going to put you in front of a us military fireing squad for high treason bush sr?ie 1956 2056 us military engineers of wash dc who have your life on recording.
恳请国人关心世纪大冤案，钱旺集团200万老百姓诉冤无门，钱宝网活活被坑死。南京这样做不只是打击了企业家的积极性，损害了政府在百姓心目中的威严形象，侮辱跟损害了国家的法律跟司法的公正，侵害了企业的财产，对国家对社会的对企业的发展都造成了严重的影响……

This is me. I’m actually pretty good looking in real life.
I wasn't not being nice. I appreciate good side eye.
George Sellout Bush. They're building a ramp for you at GITMO
JESUS IS ON HIS WAY.
Yuck. All of you
I like Pictures.
So you support Hillary yet you care about this nation.  FU!
I regret that I ever voted for a fucking Bush.
Thank you for another incredible experience!  So humbled to have been able to participate in and share the lessons learned from the @PLSprogram program.
A good citizen isn't in skull and bones his whole life. When God calls you to account good luck.

Why don’t the two of you merge with the future Obama Center?
#InternetBillsOfRights 
#JFK
Hey 41 why did you and LBJ have Kennedy killed in Dallas??
Any of these programs help bring Kim to the table to discuss possible denuclearization of NK?
Where is the 10 billion stolen from the Haitians?
How about you hold the Trump & his Administration to the same standard as you hold the people who are not POTUS, like Hillary Clinton.
Like former POTuS dynasties like the Bushes, Clintons n OBamas? Career politicians with enriching foundations? With their 24 years combined How did they handle North Korea? Haiti? n Puerto Rico? The standard has been broken with Trump...historic tax relief n return of US jobs.
Thank you Mr. President and Mrs. Bush for a fantastic visit. It was an honor to meet both of you! #plscholars #pls2018
A delightful tribute to the days when presidents of both parties were looming out for America and not just themselves and their narrow radical base
The Clinton's and the Bush's were suppose to monitor the donations going to Haiti, 10 billion dollars went missing. Where is it?
#InternetBillsOfRights 
#JFK
The twittersphere can be an ugly place. Thank u, Mr. President, for your continued service to our country. It was my distinct honor to share space with you under a tree at the Shell Open a few years ago, and 12 yrs prior while you visited the bonfire collapse at A&M. U r amazing
N
Ii
Honored.  So honored
Thank you, President Bush, for your tremendous leadership. I feel truly humbled to be part of this amazing group!
George ‘Cop-A-Feel’ Bush. Keep your hands to yourself you old perv
Don’t worry,Guantanamo has wheelchair ramps.#Qanon
Even the gallows are wheelchair accessible!!Team Trump Veterans Team Q
Thank you, sir, for your inspiring leadership and continued service to our nation.
It’s a blessing to have the presidential leadership scholars program. Very encouraging.
What's jeb eating
God bless America
God bless the Clintons and the 
Bush's as well as the American people, and always the Australin and Albanian people ,always always!!!!!
I couldn't agree more
Dear @GeorgeHWBush what an honor for this refugee from Vietnam to meet you and Mrs. Bush, who after I shared my story replied “I’m glad you’re here with us!” Thank you for hosting us this weekend and supporting #PLS! @PLSprogram 
Barbara Bush in a scooter  too cute. Enjoy your golden years 
I just love this! Our honorable past presidents are still amazing leaders and patriots. No politics involved. Thank you!
Puke
I am proud of you Sir! Always doing things to help others. Thank you!
Nope, but God will. 
Someone really wants attention. You sweet thing. 
Well done to all 3 Mr. Presidents
So glad to hear your and Mrs. Bush's optimism. I feel so much better, now, Mr. President.
@joanna2560 Mrs Bush looks amazing!!!

Answering the question. Where is You know who?
Thanks for that image. Now I have to go to the kitchen grab a knife and stab my eyes as they are now burning in my skull.
Sorry, someone tweeted it to me. So I'm sharing.
Shadow banned your comment about bush and clintin is ludicrous cosidering the thing we deal with now!
Presidents bush and clinton, keep up the good work and thank you!
Looking good Mr President. See you soon in Kennebunkport!!
TRAITOR!!!
Uh I don't think Trump got this message considering this article is about president who took their oath of office seriously n didn't try to
Yet the economy is booming, ISIS is depleted, fat boy Kim wants a mtg, & our allies feel safe again. #LowIQLibs
Well i hate to think what we would do to trump if we knew what he isn' t showing us cuz what we see is lynchable indeed!
Gee, i guess i should consider myself lucky, what changed your mind? Lmao...oh well, TREASON ....just for starters
Wish you were still president.
How many girls have you abused over the years. I read Trans-formation of America. Does barb video it for you?
Again, I don't think DT is going to see this, wrong thread man. Lol
Tina, look at Mr. Penn Stator. He looks alot like Jerry Sandusky.
Hard to be optimistic when we have a racist moron in office and over 60 million cult members voted for it.
@BillClinton    I love the fact that former presidents work together like this ..
Me too. I just knew they were in the background somewhere.

Been a Democrat my whole life, but you're a good man and you worked hard for this country. God bless you and your family and God help us us all with the predicament we are now find ourselves in. Love from Michigan
Thank you. We need your voice now more than ever!! I'm totally embarrassed by my fellow Texans at this point in history. Duty, honor, and courage are hard to come by in the once great Lone Star State.
Fuck You George. You have always been the village idiot to most Americans. I'm so glad we have a REAL man in the WH for a change.
u mad bro ?
You make us laugh. Mueller too 

#LickAAwitch
Still getting strong fit as a fiddle
When are you coming to Argentina Mr President? Would like to meet you.
If i could only nominate
a strong young lady to your program!

#EmmaGonzalez
@Emma4Change
Hahahahahahaha
Good day Great father of Nations ``USA is here saying Good day´´ #Bush #GeorgeBush #Bush #SecuritySummit #SecurityCouncil #G20 #G20SUMMIT #USAgov #USA
Glad to see you and the First Lady rolling around ok, Mr President...
God bless you, Bush 41.
