Mr. President we miss having your dignity and leadership in the White House. We can also use a great man like Jim Baker at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue advising today.
Isn't Carlos Salinas de Gortari still wanted in Mexico for pillaging his country?
Panmunjom(판문점),the reason why Kim Jong-un&Moon Jae-in(actual communist,puppet of Kim Jong-Un,his parents were North Korean)wants to have summit meeting is to Unify two Korea as Communism nation without due process by their citizens&to kick out Yankees(withdrawal of US Troops)
I have a letter from you addressed to my late Father when you were US Representative to the United Nations. ...Proudly framed in my office Mr. President...
Hello, mister President. Much health for you. Greetings from Spain. 
Great! Greetings dear friends!
Is Very disappointed in the Bushes! We had dinner with u & Barbara once and had the utmost respect for you all. How u have acted toward #potus disgusting!
What? Translate please.
Bush is criminal !
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
¡¡¡¡OH SHIT NEW AGAIN THE AIRLES DON NOT PLAYING NOT PUSH SIDAW!!!!
¡¡¡¡O SHIT THE AIRLES !!!!
#WTF David Cop-a-Feel #DavidCopAFeel + @CarlosGortari_ = @CNN @ExpansionMx
Bunch of motherfuckers
I didn't know you were friends with Satan himself
The man Salinas 
Always respected you ...no more.
I'd follow but, i don't like the company you keep.
Never the less...
Wishing you continued good health and much happiness !!!
A fellow senior...
Great to see you Mr. President! Much love and respect to you!
Hey George, we found the weapons of mass destruction.  Right here in the USA. Thanks for creating the largest human crisis known to mankind.
God bless George Bush jr.
Wait your not dead?
Rude.
Following in your leadership wake Sir, am headed to @ciudaddemexico to plan 2018 @F1RSTglobal Challenge this summer with bright young Engineers from 150+ nations - connecting future  leaders thru STEM & education. - @BakerInstitute @georgepbush @Bush41Library
Globalists Bush 1992
"New World Order"
Looking good Mr President 
time to step away your becoming another Jimmy Carter
Too bad
You know if YOU'RE going to be rude you may as well do it with correct grammar.
Under Cliffside norteast park
Looking good Mr. President! Let me know when and I would love a visit. #41
Sea water, watering sea grapes trees Dania beach Hollywood Florida
Glad you're doing well, Mr Presdient!
Somethings not right with work for USA Gov #ice
I'm glad you had a good time sir wonderful to see you again
Hello Mr. President,  great to hear from.  I wish you all the best.   I hope to see you this summer when I go to Maine for a little fishing.
Tell me about the aliens. The next ones from outer space..or under the ocean.
A pleasure to hear from you Mr. Bush.
Wish you good health President Bush
you are a treasure sir.
A true Statesman
All three of you are looking great!!
