Mr. President: I wish would have been old enough to vote for you in '92. Missed it by 2 years. Thank you for your service. You're a good man.
The elder Bush did  decent job. A strong foreign policy helped. Now that man could bring people together. It was a turbulent time back then. But he put together a great coalition. I cannot imagine Trump bringing anyone together. The man is a divider, a destroyer.
Agreed. Bush was more a traditional Conservative with some moderate social views. He did well with his coalition building.
Yes.  However, his “read my hips” line ended up being a issue. I’ve never voted rep. But I think there are many good people out there on both sides. And I really shouldn’t use trump to gage anything. He is a man of low integrity, the least intellectual individual in the WH.
Yes, your party was masterful in getting him on that. Most amazing piece of politicking I’ve ever been witness to.
GHWB GOES FIRST.,KILLED KENNEDY, KENNEDY, MLKING. ATTEMPT ON RAGAN, LENNON, AND A KID WE ALL LOVED JOHN JOHN, SPENT HIS LIFE, HIS DAD KILLER
Grande H.W. sei il mio Morto del Mese di marzo al Fantamorto
Al seggio appariva in grande forma, ma è possibile che lo abbiano tenuto in vita per votare.
Are you going to hell? By being assasin ?
Satan is waiting for you in the hell baby 
I seen your socks! M.P.
Jeb is a mess
If only your grandson was as courageous as you. He has refused to show up at candidate forums, meet voters face-to-face and debate his opponents. No one should support a candidate that’s too afraid or thinks he’s too good to show up and face voters...
The wheelchairs users ways are inacessibke in US as well as in UK especially in London. There is no access to them and they could not use free movment because of no infrastructure. There is non. They say that Zac Goldsmith could change it because Sadiq Khan does not care.
Hard
Good morning George.
Are the Bushes still republican? Serious question It’s hard to tell these days
https://youtu.be/Dj6IsJ_oUeI 
We don’t need any more corrupt spook bushes. So - nah
GHWB respect. To vote is to be democratic.
U disqusted me! Not one word about Rev. GRAHAM!!! SHOWS YOUR TRUE COLORS! HOPE OTHERS TREAT YOU THE SAME WHEN YOUR TIME COMES!!
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Cool
Cool socks 41. I think I need some of those... Blue ones!! Nice sign. Roger that. 
Should they vote for a Democrat like your family??? Swamp!!!
Why should you be exempt from fondling women?
La fin est proche fils de pute assassin tu vas rendre tes comptes à notre créateur batard.
Are you proud that your grandson has the support of 45?
Love those socks Mr President! Where can I put my hands on a pair of these beauties??
Mr Bush I can't believe you believe you did a good job Mr Trump puts you to shame enjoy your retirement your a disgrace to America and our founders Amen
Love you sir... but send the kid back home to Florida
Let me know when you die, so I can be happy that you will be in hell after what you done to iraqi people
 ...I miss the days when you blew the Middle East up...good times *sigh*
Love your socks, sir!
How is David Copperfield doing these days?
Love the socks!!!
#savethealamo
Speaking as someone who voted for the other guy, you were a pretty damn good President.
This is Precious 
At Your Service Sr! Looking Forward to See Your Son Working In Collaboration with Chuck Schumer as well
I voted yesterday And I voted for George P Bush.
Good luck on the six mr. president and good luck to your family have a great day always at your service Charles
Very sorry to hear about your brother sir.
Didnt vote for you Mr.President but I've been proud of all you have done for our country.🖒
Love you and your socks! Thank you for your service. And that you continue to care to come out and vote.
Mr. President, I LOVE your socks. Where can I get those to wear on Election Day here in Virginia?
@JaredKisslerSup
#StrongSockGame
Thanks for all you’ve done and best wishes Mr. President
#BushIsCriminal ! 
Can he run for POTUS in 2020
Sir, we stand blessed with your grace.  Thank you for the encouragement.
Thank you for your responsible citizenship, President @GeorgeHWBush . Your moral leadership will always be a part of our national tapestry.
What were you doing at the book depository when the motorcade passed, Mr. Bush?
WTF, what the hell kind of question is that? Mr. President, thank you for your service. My Uncle Marty Flynn spoke so highly of you. I took your call when he passed, my family thanks you for your kindness.
Some conspiracy theorists will believe anything. We didn't really land on the moon, but UFOs have visited & the government covers it up, 9/11 was staged, Elvis lives, the CIA killed JFK & Bush was there, Nickelback makes good music, etc.
