I saw him on Fox he was so excited!!
You definitely Rock those Socks Mr Prez!!!
I love John's Crazy Socks.
المرءه الاسطوره وراء كل رجل عظيم امرءه  زوجة حاكم لامريكا وأنجبت  حاكمين حاكم ولاية فلوردا وحاكم الولايات المتحده الامريكيه عزائنا لزوجها الرئيس الأسبق جورج بوش ولأبنائها وأسرة بوش في  باربرا بوش 92 عام الزوجه الوفيه والام الحنونه مزيد من المواساه والعزاءلأسرتهاولأمريكا
Mohn likes too many comic books but Down Syndrome research is a wo nderful cause.
Defenetly not made in India , or China !!
Cool
Would u and ur wife care to join my destiny 2 session
she's dead dude.
love the socks
Your place in hell is ready, have a nice suffering
Question: different subject

Why are judges, lawyers and police officers allowed to break Texas laws that have been voted on and signed by the governor of the state of Texas? Who supervises them?
My sincères condoléances to you and the Bush family for the passing of an admirable lady , R.I.P. Mrs Bush 
Cool shoes and sox Mr. President
Still standing. Hallelujah,
Praise God.
TOUGHEST THING I EVER WROTE! TELL HER! IM SO GLAD WE HAD THIS TIME TOGETHER! JUST TO LAUGH AND SING A SONG! SEEMS WE JUST GET STARTED AND ITS OVER! ITS SO HARD TO SAY SO LONG! GOD AND COUNTRY! OUR BELOVED FAMILY! AMEN!

There we go ...
Time to elevate your legs please Sir. 
@HillaryClinton   @JennaBushHager @JohnsCrazySocks
Papa Bush we Love you & want you to fight & #GetWell & wear more of your Great socks
Really?

President George H.W Bush hospitalized 1day after Barbara's funeral https://susanorji.blog/2018/04/24/president-george-h-w-bush-hospitalized-1day-after-barbaras-funeral/ … via @suzdick

~ To Barbara ~
On the day her little angel flew away
to go outside and play,
her mom went out to toss balls,
look at the sky, and climb walls.

He actually goes by John Michael... @JohnMCronin
You have no idea how many people have brought this guy to my attention...
nor does she care
It was worth a shot
Can see your smile of having fun and also feeling proud of contributing to a great cause
Hopefully that hag of a wife dying makes u realize.the pain the murders you participated in affected others. Hopefully u 2 enjoy hell together.
Looks like your wife is not a fan of @realDonaldTrump
GreAt Socks
      Niu
     One
        A
One America For many Americans
A-Ltzheimer in sequence
But.               Imer
A-L. T(Z)HE usoA
        T(N)HE usoA. 
         imericA
Poker And Gin
Where did i leave my pager
I'm so Absent-minded
I understand why named George after yourself and why you named Jeb.... well, Jeb.
CRAZY GITMO SOCKS ‘POPPY’
Thanks.
My husband retired in 1998 ever since he’s been wanting to send his papers back so you could sign it. Came very close to seeing George jr at Walmart in Bentonville Ar.but I could not get in to see him.its 2018 and he’s still whining  can you or jr help please
Hey daddy Scherf ..how's that Nazi agenda doing
I bet your crewmen wish they could wear those
I can not wait to see you sporting the official Gitmo issued socks.  I doubt they are as colorful, but your ugly old impotent feet will be a beautiful site to see in THOSE socks.  And congrats!  I heard they are building wheelchair ramps at Gimto just for you!!
What a TRAITOR! A complete WASTE
gw bush jr commie #HitlerFamily
I did not know there was a “world down syndrome day”. Wouldn’t you think I’d know since I have a 43-year-old daughter with down syndrome. Maybe she should’ve known it, she’s high functioning and married. she didn’t tell me anything about it. 
This is nice! Wish Jeb  had your class but he is to busy being jealous of real conservatives! Shame on you jeb!!

That's the most productive thing you've done in many, many years, probably since high school.

You really are a Globalist! Have to make sure you never get elected!
Gov. Jeb Bush's 25-year-old daughter was found with crack cocaine at a rehabilitation center, police said Tuesday. If confirmed, it would be her second lapse since entering court-ordered drug treatment.
God Bless you Mr President Bush and please tell Jeb to keep quiet he’s an embarrassment to the Bush name
America may never be as united as it was during the Gulf War. Thank you, sir.
Kind of ironic that your family's support of @PPFA since it's founding which your Nazi dad Prescott was a part of has resulted in over 80% of down syndrome babies being murdered before they were born. That is what you are really celebrating. #JFK2018
God The creator of life. He knows you he knows your plans he knows your agendas. He knows everything.
Those are super cute, and for a super Cause. I have a nephew with downs and they were in their 20's and went on to have two normal kids afterwards. This little guy was amazing such a joy but a lot of work cuz he was very sick at birth.
The Bush legacy and dynasty is rotting like all deep staters.... #MAGA #LockThemAllUp #GITMO #DrainTheSwamp
Cool socks, Mr. President.
pretty cool...   but i like superman character rather than that..   :-)  <3
Awesome socks, Mr. President! We love @JohnsCrazySocks and supporting #WorldDownSyndromeDay
do they have any Dan Marino wool socks
Sir,... good morning! If I was able, as be allowed the opportunity and honor to meet you one day,... may I ask to reach out for a handshake? Hence, just retired Army (32 years), live in Texas. Have a blessed day Mr President!!
He's a pedophile that helped bring the Nazi's into the DoD. #PaperClip He was part of the JFK assassination if you want to take the time to read the @FBI and @CIA files released last year by the National Archives. No coincidence that 22 vets kill themselves daily - NWO plan 4 you
Very Cool President Bush Sir!@JohnsCrazySocks you have some awesome crazy designs!
Martin has always been in the background until outed as 9/11, so could be he was saved for this time and place...idk

Nah, Jeb is soft
They look great Mr. President. Thanks for being presidential, we need more of that these days. #class

Looking Sharp Mr President. Great company.  Great cause.
Who cares you evil archon, and evil family
I like this Mr president .check out this cool art I did me and Payton.
death to the archons and the new world order
An excellent choice Mr. President!
Special needs day for all special needs from Nathan krausch special needs mayor candidate of Washington Missouri
Nice socks Mr. President! Have a good day!
Very cool socks! When you coming back up to Maine?!
@clayquanjenkins
Have you lost your mind?
Looks like @jaketapper !
you're a war criminal lol

Super Cool
i thought yu were dead?
@MikeHynes5 this is so cool! I have some as well from @JohnsCrazySocks ! They are the best of all crazy socks!!
Thank you! We celebrated our Isabella yesterday too!
If anyone thinks this is Bush tweeting, you need help.
President Bush, Thank you so much. I am so happy that you like the socks. I designed the Down Syndrome Super Hero Socks because Down syndrome never holds me back, John.
Omg John!!! You are amazing! So many inspired by you... but to have @GeorgeHWBush wearing your socks and inspired  by you... #whatanhonor
I love you, Mr. President! (And you, too, Mrs. Bush!)
Those are the best socks I have ever seen Mr. President.
@TheBushCenter ..Moody Barantine  Insurance/ Real Estate Mentor...
Love those styling socks Mr. Senior Bush. 

Nice kicks and socks, Mr. President!
