They actually confirmed NOTHING. Because you cannot say where it came from, especially as USA and UK have the EXACT same nerve agent in their stockpiles "for research"... or rather, UK has a bit less after using it.

This isn't Wikipedia! :)
So you made it up? Got it!
Theresa May made it up. Let her give the public the "evidence", so far, she's given nothing, just "we think it is"... there's no proof, and is why people will refuse to believe. People will no longer trust a gov. after their Iraq 45 minutes lies used to start an illegal war.
Gosh, it’s amazing how Theresa May is suddenly able to control her top scientists, her Intelligence Community, The EU and an international watchdog. I could have sworn she couldn’t even control her own cabinet 

So! You made that up about the UK having stocks of this?
Part of international treaty, everyone has stock of it "for testing". Although US and UK don't keep "for testing."
Which treaty specifically?

I ask because Novichock is banned under the Chemical Weapons Convention of 1997.
This is misleading. You imply that the watchdog agrees with the Foreign Secretary when in fact they have simply confirmed the type of agent used, not who used it.
No, it specifically says they agree with the UK analysis. It’s obvious the analysis wasn’t doing by Johnson. That’s sort of the point  of the anger at his statements.

I mean come on, nobody is going to think Johnson is capable of analyzing chemicals.
Some of the text says that. The headline says something different. That implies they "support the UK". Either pro-propaganda bias or trashy click bait journalism. I'm 50/50 on which one it is.
"Confirms UK analysis"

Like... those are the exact words. It confirms the analysis. If it were "Chemical watchdog supports UK government's accusation" that would be another headline entirely.
The *exact* actual headline is "Russian spy poisoning: Nerve agent inspectors back UK". More people will see the headline than the detail.
Let me help you out here. This is what you replied to. This is what we can all see.
International chemical weapons watchdog confirms UK analysis of type of nerve agent used in Russian ex-spy poisoning https://bbc.in/2JFQbn0 
Here's the actual BBC misleading headline. It's in black and white :
What a pile of bullshit. BBC I expect better from you. All they’ve said is it is a concentrated form of Novichock still no proof of who made it and certainly no proof of who used it. The Skripsls could have been importing the stuff for all we know. #ukpublicnevertobefooledagain
Um... that was the UK analysis too.
BBC showing bias again OPCW did not “Back” the government it confirmed the nature of the poison. Would have been more balanced to have an alternative view to Boris’s too.
They didn’t say they backed the government. They said they confirmed the UK’s analysis, which they did.

I mean come on, can you think of anyone on May’s cabinet capable of analyzing a nerve agent? It’s amazing most of them are capable of dressing themselves 
Fine but given that more than 20 countries can produce it and there is no damn reason for the russian gov’t to poison somebody, who was released 8 yrs ago from a prison and lived openly and safely until theresa f...up with brexit putting her party out of power.
Of course not. Another blinkered Russian
All experts said that no chance to survive from novichok unless antidote is used. Start you bright journey from here)
Cos your state actor clearly balls’d up!
Yours is not even better...
And that’s sums up your intelligence goodbye troll
But actually, it’s pity that ordinary people cannot tal to each other while bullied by their rulers. Buy-buy!
Bullied?  we aren’t bullied in the UK we live in a democracy. We don’t meddle in elections either. Tutty bye
#BBCbias
Ain't that the truth!
More BBC propaganda. Here's an honest assessment...
OPCW Salisbury Report Confirms Nothing But the Identity of the Chemical - The word "Russia" does not occur in today's OPCW report. The OPCW Report says nothing whatsoever about the origin of the chemical which poisoned the Skripals and certainly does not …
So the Tory stuffed @BBCNews is now engaging in semantics in order to 
back the @Conservatives Gvt 
The obvious questions which journalists SHOULD BE ASKING is:

Was a nerve agent used?
If so what was the name of the nerve agent used?
Or was this a bout of food poisoning? #OPCW
The main questions are Why and What For. Find the answer and you find the culprit. Instead answers we hear some political blah-blah from inadequates such as Borya.

Confirms analysis but doesnt say it was made in Russia and report is classified why . 5 other countries manufacture this exact same agent including the UK who has its lab a mere 8km from where it happened  the smoking gun
Fair and just analytical report ?
That is IRRELEVANT...
Relevant? Israel's MOSSAD installed LOW YIELD NUKES in WTC on 9/11
...all for YINON PLAN

Tulsi Gabbard: Launching an attack on Syria that would weaken the Syrian military will strengthen terrorist groups like ISIS, Al-Qaeda and others who are all seeking to overthrow the gov’t and establish their own caliphate…
And? What is anyone going to do? If it was 100% confirmed, quadruple checked with every agency on the planet and then done and confirmed another 100 times what does that lead to? Nothing. 

Might as well be a John Doe found in an alley way for all the good it'll do.
We made it at Porton Down
Only unintelligent ppl think that
OK..... you carry on "thinking" you're intelligent then..
It’s ... three stops.
It's how many stops I want it to be.
Only confirms it’s origin, not where it came from.
Wonder who else could make it other than UK and USA
Any ex-soviet country with ex-soviet laboratories. Or any other country with the knowledge and a bit of cash.
So why blame Russia based on they have motive. Perhaps others do also.
Chemical weapons should be the first ones to be destroyed whoever possesses those by global awakening of conscience if world could be united in this noble cause to avert the sufferings of humanity and to save planet earth
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
You invent, produce, sell weapons and blame each other for destruction?
Some MNCs divide & rule the country (business) through fanatics. 
They've confirmed the type. That is very different to "backing the UK" which would include Boris' lies. Typical BBC war mongering.
#JusticeForAsifa India
#UK planted the chemical.  #FalseFlag busted!  @theresa_may #NotInMyNameTheresaMay
It's not just the BBC trying to mislead the public.
WATCH: Major-General Jonathan Shaw is cut off by @SkyNews after casting doubt on Theresa May's Assad gas attack narrative https://twitter.com/EL4JC/status/984789066569998338 …
A nerve agent you can get better from? Something smells fishy here.
oh the experts are out again talking rubbish    if they had gone home after the pizza   they'd both be dead    they collapsed in public and got medical treatment in time 
I agree with you on almost everything but one point. They did not have pizza they left after the starter they were arguing and appeared angry and confused.
that'll be the novochok poison kicking in
Yep!
Well at least it puts an end to the many comments stating it wasn’t a nerve agent!!! I can’t believe how many UK citizen are taken in by Russia’s immature distraction tactics!
His home is covered in cctv and gov claim its from the front door why no cctv http://pics.in  my street we have 32 homes on either side and a dare say 80%have cctv. Like they try and blame Russia for brexit and trump getting in charge when it was us the working class.
How do you know his home was covered in cctv?
Showed a picture of his home in a newspaper and you it was pointed out
I'd like to see that. you wouldn't know which paper? Thats very interesting.
Manchester evening paper am sure I've got it on my work computer.
Type of and not who or where it was made
Hi,
  I am a WordPress Developer & Designer. Now i help you to fix / edit your Design .
  Font,color,menu,logo,sidebar,margin,position & other etc.
  so Contact with me & Order.
Who would poison Eleven?
I hope from now on UK takes the security of its citizens serious. Russia leaders cannot be trusted.
Now go for it boys , show up your guts ....pick one ... AND GO ...
So if Trump decides not to take action does this mean the UK will, I don’t think so!!!
Strange that chemical weapons used in Syria is to be met with military action but use in Salisbury is met with hot air and toothless response?????
If I wanted to kill a Russian spy I’d definitely go out of my way to smuggle a know Russian WW2 nerve agent into the country and try and poison then 007 style , they’d never trace it REALLY why not shoot him and bury him , false flag 
They only confirmed the makeup of the agent used, NOT the type and not country of origin, saying it was in a pure state doesn't necessarily mean Russia
If US kills snowden or Assange no one will care. western hypocrisy !!!! These were ex spies, who knows many they killed !!!
usa and russia targeted only to distruct arab countries
Be humans and act so !!!!!!!
Fake news! This was orchestrated by the secret services in England to blame Russia and drag us into another world war!
@georgegalloway
We already know this. There is still no evidence as to its origin, which is the important bit.
No it doesn't, do your job based on facts not spin. As a supposed national media organisation you are a national disgrace. What happened to critical thinking and hard evidence? Take a look at this you might learn something: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4utEI2EU64 …  #Skripal #SalisburyAttack
Now UK and USA and FRANCE can START 3rd WORLD WAR ,using NUCLEAR WEAPONS against RÚSSIA,SYRIA,IRAN. TRUMP voters Will be ELEVATED to HEAVEN.
How good it is to see the BBC showing some backing to our Prime Minister over this issue of nerve agent used in Salisbury. Now maybe Corbyn will follow suit.
BBC, you turned into a bunch of liars. The 'row' between the UK and Russia is over who done it not what was used. The OPCW said they believed it was the chemical that the UK claimed it to be. They didn't say it was Russia!
Either said nerve agent was not of high purity like OPCW thinks or porten down has a cure. Think about skripals house, how many cops been around there, and checked front door still locked,  police guard were not wearing protection suits, and are not ill.
As George Galloway stated last week about the official story of this charade. " If you believe this story you are not a sheep....a sheep is clever than you ....you are an IDIOT.
Instead of showing strict evidence, they talk about some secrets because they didn't find the truth. This let the provocators from MI6 to continue their line
What of the source? Where did it come from? That's what people wanna know.
Then go to Putin with the facts and have a laced nerve agent coffee with him. lol
So What? No body cares when the 3 letter crowd kills thier own. But it was sloppy though. Don't involve the public you folks are better than this shoddy work.
Some times, the dogs will show their own wisdom? A DNA  problem! Hahahaha
Only Corbyn and his momentum lefties backs the Russians everyone else knows the truth. #looneyleft
Apparently an independent panel have just reviewed the poisoning again and have now attributed it to Harry Kane.
They haven’t confirmed its Novichok, yet they have they same conclusion as the government ... so 2 sets of liars now
Tick tock Pedo Elites
the main point is that it can't confirm the country of origin of the nerve agent used, and that's the main question really.
What it doesnt confirm in any way, is that it was Russia. Because there is NO evidence it was Russia. Report that in a headline.
Turns out it was the worse case of irritable bowel syndrome they had ever seen 
But they look so stupid now so blame it all on Russia and throw Trump in for good measure...

#NothingToSeeHere
The fact that they were poisoned is not being questioned, nor is the nature of the substance used. The important thing is, where did it come from, and who administered it. That has yet to be proved unequivocally.
So many characters left yet @bbcbreaking couldn’t possibly include the part reported by their many international contemporaries regarding source 
International chemical weapons watchdog confirms UK analysis of type of nerve agent used in Russian ex-spy poisoning https://bbc.in/2JFQbn0 
Who do ya think you’re kidding?!
False flag crap to confuse the public just to publicly incriminate Russia and provide an excuse for the f... WW3 or attack on Syria and allies.
Mainstream media thinks people are as stupid as they are!
@theresa_may we are still asking you for one very simple thing which is called evidence, because we know politicians will do anything to make them look strong in public just to stay in power we have see it before, example the Iraq and Libya Lies with no Evidence just as this one.
Are you reading this @jeremycorbyn
A foreign country deploying incredibly dangerous nerve agents in your country should scare the shite out of you. Ask the policeman that found the Russians in the park...
When you smell the bitter almond smell it’s too late!
It's not OK on chemical but fine shooting civilians in Israel and the US, never a reaction from UK and US leaders.. However chemical is a no no. Is Israel untouchable and the US
@BBCWorld @BBCNews in a previous article you state that the #OPCW backs the UK in the poisoning row. Misleading & a load of bs
Lol,
OPCW did not disclose the type of toxic substance, nor did they attribute an origin thereto, in their report.  #Skripal

https://www.opcw.org/fileadmin/OPCW/S_series/2018/en/s-1612-2018_e_.pdf …
Particularly interesting in the report: numerous references to a "toxic chemical" (such as shellfish neurotoxin or organophosphate insecticide), but only one to "nerve agent", preceded by "alleged" (i.e., not "confirmed").

Why not release full report, UK? #Skripal

@MoonofA
What a twat Jeremy Corbyn looks now!!
Good.
What about Syria?
Source unknown.  Fucking liars.
If k soldiers died fighting Isis (iraq) then Isis attack Syria. Russia defend Syria: protected under international law kill Isis. Who in uk wants to fight Russia and defend Isis? The same people who looked Russian criminals uk residency who stole 8 billion from Russian ppl?
All war is terrorismm. Maybe it’s time for scrutiny. Diplomat impunity is what... right to violate bill of rights? Treason is high crime. If French led #nato want to attack a sovereign nation. Maybe someone should arrest patent holders, we have peace to sustain and babies to feed
Rubbish
Jail the patent holder.
Corbyn and co. Will they believe it .Wait and see means criticising his pal Putin and that won't do!
This story would mean more to me and would be more believable coming from an impartial news source - keep an eye on international commentary for the real story - were as guilty of propaganda as the next
The BBC, l don’t believe a word!
This report does not confirm Johnson's statement re: Russian responsibility.  He is a liar  and should resign.
Eh? How's that then?
But good job the BBC has an expert 
@XadrezVerbal
They don't back U K accusations.
The issue wasn't the type. It's where it's from and who delivered it. Typical BBC lately
Was there any doubt at all? Russia & @jeremycorbyn are in cahoots over the #SalisburyAttack We can’t have indiscriminate #ChemicalAttacks on civilians in ANY TOWNS OR COUNTRIES without consequences
#torytrollforhire 
How does the BBC justify this headline when the last paragraph reads 'The report does not name the source of the nerve agent, a subject which is beyond the remit of the inspectors.'  Very Daily Mail....
He’s a British spy and a British guinea pig for the British chemical weapons program. When the facts don’t support your propaganda, vagueness is your language.
Bollocks
Pack it in BBC, you’re embarrassing yourselves.
#SkripalCase. No, it does not, #BBC! «It says the chemical was "of high purity." The summary does not name Novichok». «IT DOES NOT IDENTIFY THE SOURCE». #OPCW website not available (been crashed?)
#BBC bending news, not @BBCBreaking news!
#SkripalCase #OPCW
Erm, statement confirms DSTL Lab finding which where? Go on Olaf, you can answer that.
@jeremycorbyn
This isn’t breaking news, it’s news manipulation. Shame on you
2014 se @gkciet malda ka Affiliation kyun nahi hua mhrd jawab do..
Gkciet Malda bogus institute of Mhrd..
#SaveGKCIET..

old k-pop (south korea-pop) 1993.12.12 
mono-You always 
The type is mentioned but not the name Novichok. This was the main reason for claiming it was Russia. Without  specifically naming the nerve agent then there will always be doubt
Where the free world does not save Syrian children from the chemical
Fixed ! By fools made to believe by MSM 
.................. shut up !
All they are confirming is it is the known agent already identified by UK government,  so who is to blame nobody knows....!
Of course they do, or else everybody is rushing to Syria (to get us all killed) for no/the wrong reason.
Where the fuck is the evidence ? Are we all forgetting IRAQs WMD BS?sending troops sacrificing lives to profit the oil companies? Who don’t even pay a fair share of tax to pay for any invasion? How foolish is anyone to believe this chemical weapons story without asking for proof?
But Russia has denied it so it must be someone else.
Fact is - Until someone can Prove it was Russia - It is their right to Deny and challenge the Claim.
Another fact is, it could be Russia, Germany, UK, USA or one of several other capable nations.

Just saying
And Putin will not let his people know.
There is no story there
Look over here, look over there, don’t look at this shit going on right under your noses...
Is this finding legit, or "arranged"? We won't know until historians sort through the facts in a hundred years, and by then no one will care.
Before they said that it was not unambiguously that Russia is to blame.
Typo in the first sentence?
Russia and Putin are demons.
So they confirm it has not definitely come from Russia . As Einstein said, "if your not confused your not thinking '
Russian Embassy to tweet very soon that they'll need proof it is ICWW actually reporting that, of their own free will.
They have not backed the uk, they have just identified the type of nerve agent as Novichok, which can be made in 20 different labs in the world, Porton Down being one, why is the uk so cloak & dagger about the whole situation if they have nothing to hide!!
Boris has already been called out for his Bullshyt.

Germany, UK, USA would all have the capability to replicate Decades old Nerve agents......... Fact of modern science.........
@robmacksmith @dansimkin87 
Phew!
Yeah, they only confirm the type of nerve agent. Not where it came from. So your title of "backs UK" is not entirely true, is it?
This is not really “news”. The formula has been out there for many years.  The potency was weak. The essential question is, “who used it against the #Skripals ?”
That's a surprise        
They’ve said it was Novo for weeks - made accusations then but just confirmed its Novo. Still can’t say where it was manufactured. Seems accusations come well before actual proof. And now Syria?
Bullshit Broadcasting http://Corporation.No  one buys your lies!
Well their you go , it's the Russians ....dear god talk about horses bolting & doors ! ...what now ? We forget it Right on to the next story ?
Russia is becoming a bad country under Putin
How much were they paid? #QAnon
Here come the conspiracy theorists..
What ever we do it will be wrong , attack the Syrian government for the rebels or attack the rebels for the Syrian government, what ever, more lives will be lost.

"Inspectors back the UK" in (a) It's Novichok but NOT (b) Built / delivered by Putin. A half truth. Risking more and more TV Tax with this.
The British government is full of liars and cowards. Do you actually believe the nonsense you come up with in order to kill innocent lives? @BBCWorld spreading false news and propaganda 
This is absurd! May God condemn the culprits.
Conspiracy logic...
*type of nerve agent confirmed* yeah but that doesn't prove the origin
*origin confirmed as russia* yeah but that doesn't prove that Russia used it
*Vladimir Putin announces to the world that he was responsible* MI6 planted a mind control chip in his head
But where http://from.it  stinks
Russians are good when it comes to poisoning traitors.
Which explains Both surviving...........not so much
I dare say the CW used by the western backed "moderate rebels" to keep the US troops in Syria came from the US but I notice that does not get a mention on the MSM the whole thing stinks
Imagine how this thread would’ve gone had they not confirmed it.... gotta love the internet.
So does this mean anyone can make this ??? They tell is is from his front door the man has a cctv cam on his front door. Is a nice posh private housing area am sure 3 out 10 homes have cctv. Full of shit government
Days of respectable 007are.long gone
Russia once again demonstrating that their incompetence is only dwarfed by their arrogance.
Then how did they survive this "nerve agent that always kills and has no antidote?"
Why not name it?


Yes but they didn't confirm it was made in Russia. Boris is still a liar who seems determined to involve us in a full out war
Sherbert dib dab
May and Trump make Putin appear as a great politician and state leader
Has may taken the country to war yet ps we don’t want to go
The report just confirms as nerve agent does not confirm they agree with UK government or agree it was Novichok, just that a nerve agent was identified!
Why are poisoning being used in this era and why Spy , can someone explain to me ????? Who’s craving for war coz it looks like someone is begging for WW3. Which we Africans will watch from  a far coz we have our own problems to deal with
Putin/Russia and Trump know no bounds to the extent of their lies.
I'd almost bet you blame Russia for your waitress being a bit to slow.......
The government confirmed that the poison used in the attack  was the military grade nerve agent  Novichok.
Let the Russian smears commence.
@derrickg745 I think all countries have banned the use of chemical weapons, except The Usual Suspects. Any use of this material will just make more countries want to have some .
It can only be used on doors and does exactly what it says on the tin.
Here comes the haters saying may and trump paid them to say that.
There is surprise, NOT!
So they couldn't confirm the nerve agent that killed a guinea pig was from Russia  if you could use a headline that states the obvious I'd appreciate it cheers
Until our UK expert Rachael Swindon concurs I am not sure we can take this as fact.
Just confirms analysis. Not where it came from. We are not mugs Mrs Warmonger May .
Chemicsls Russia demanded nerve agents sample in standoff with UK  over poisoned spy.
Enough to lie and drag the world into war!
Yeah yeah yeah all complete bullshit
SO SURPRISED..... said no-one ever. 
#russia
The scientist who invented the Agent resides in the USA and has written a book on his work. So it could be made outside Russia.
Do they confirm that it was russia.....? no
how many of these folks are zionists? I need facts and evidence and bio's of all those involved in this international watchdog...otherwise, its just more zionist bullshit
Russia's bid for joint investigation into  Salisbury spy poisoning was rejected by Chemicals Weapons Watchdog.
Well you wouldn't allow a suspect in a murder case 'help' run the investigation would you!? No different here.
@RussianEmbassy @RT_com any comments?
Usual suspects will still hang on to their mindset. If standing in a deluge&u tell them they getting soaked, they'll refuse to believe it.
And Vlads response, as always, was:
Lets get them out of the UN Security Council
https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions/215223 …
Please sign and share :)
Will the only USA&UK have the right for bombings of civilians?
Not what it was the original poisoning source then the source one week later on the front door handle, why not many sick at Zizzi’s maybe the pub and lastly the police in and out of the house, none taken ill ??
Great
But presumably no news on the source...
Get ready. Because im poisoning all the fucking cancer in this country first for SPYING on us. And then, Im gonna go country to country and poison them too. Im gonna be a raving serial killer to that terrorism WORSE than Eileen Wournos.
I want the drs first. Human experiments.
And?
Proof please

That would be the UK analysis which confirmed @theresa_may lied when she claimed the chemical agent was made at Russi's Shikhany-2 facility.
Well that's #corbyn shut up and put back in his box
He asked to wait for evidence guff balls 
They both got better....
False Flag
No conflict of interest here then how much were they paid?
Muppet

blocking all the disbelievers
Yes...That'll work.
Stay in your little bubble.
Says the prig serf
