British Gas are the same as BT the offer you the world and just as your sitting comfortable they hit you with increase. Both should be investigated for price fixing and because like BT own the lines so getting access to them is a nightmare for other telecommunications companies
Disgrace! Hope everyone switches ASAP
Switch to who? They are all in it together. Just got us running round in circles
Anyone, go on uswitch and look for a better deal
@BritishGas so doubling my monthly payments couple weeks ago nothing to do with him I was using more energy, as I pointed out at the time, I had used less than predicted, same as last year, had a refund, few months later price doubles, makes sense now
Funny my payments doubled a couple of weeks ago too!
#JusticeForAsifa India
I can recommend Green Star Energy. I switched to them last year and saved over £25 a month. I  found them through Martin Lewis's site.
They were fine to switch to. Switching away is a complete nightmare and their customer service is terrible #GreenStarEnergy - they are averse to answering emails or sorting out problems over the phone.
That's main reason I'm switching bluddy daylight robbery the price hikes
Time to start fracking our own onshore source of energy!! Affordable energy is what we need, It worked for the USA, and we are more stringently regulated...
It’s not working that well as the water is being polluted in the USA due to fracking
Like they don’t charge enough already!!
Corporate extortion at its finest; if you tried the same thing as an individual, you'd have people in blue uniforms knocking at your door.
Nice to know your rewarded for being a loyal customer! NOT!
Don't know if anyone is looking to switch to a green energy company in light of British Gas being b*m*o*e*s and upping their prices by 12.5%!!
If you use the link then you get £50 as a thank you for joining and I do too!http://join.bulb.co.uk/refer/michal6442 …
#bulbenergy #switch #sse #gas
I recommend @bulbenergy Green energy supplier. Great communication with this company!
Hi Andrea, thanks for the support! :)
You are welcome. You have been great since I joined you. 
I agree. I feel like a valued customer with bulb, not just an entry on a ledger. Prices are going up, but by much less than BG, so I'm not funding shareholder returns either.
Definitely 
At least bank robbers wear masks!
#
Let's get fracking FFS.
Uncalled for gas attack on poor people

@BritishGas So you send out a fix tariff offer 3 weeks ago with promise of gift voucher , you then don’t action the request , then you announce scandalous price hike and your site crashes every time you click ‘ tariff checker’ to change it yourself ! Bravo
I hate you British Gas !!! Wtf .....capitalise on the cold weather why don’t you. I reckon they are part of the illuminati and they know we are in for next ice age ......
Textbook oligopoly.
Foreign policy re Russia not unrelated
That’s good of them - how can this be justified?
Robbery
That's an entire week's allowance for someone on universal credit.  I know some people who are paying £150 of their £300 monthly allowance straight to British Gas.  How much more of the poorest people's money do they want?  They can't have it all.  They will kill their cash cow.
Here we go again!
I wish it were a bright world without war like white cherry blossoms.
Oil and Gas is booming in the U.S.  If Britains politicians were smart they'd open up that market and lower those energy bills.
Roger That.. I Roger that...TY
British Gas wanted to put my d/d up to £142 p/m. I argued it, having 3 yrs of meter readings to back me up, but they said it had to be that way for 6 m. After 2 m of arguing I switched, my new d/d, £36p/m & I'm still in credit.
How can they justify such an increase in times of Austerity. Appalling.
Effects of brexits
Uh... Do you need any extra tinfoil, there?
Guess what’s going to happen next year? Am gonna guess another price increase!!
Happy Tory Govt
So that will be people changing  to “Bulb” etc using Uswitch then what a great marketing move. The more people get on solar and battery storage the better away from these archaic beasts that don’t care. 
I guess Russia is cutting off the gas supply after all
Wouldn’t use British gas ever again even if it was the only supplier - legal thievery!
Since Direct debit payments to the fuel Company's became the Norm the price of fuel as increased . Every EU Directive of fuel as to be payed for by the customer. .
Stop Direct Debits .
You can't go to prison for fuel dept.
Bargain
Mr Con strikes again on behalf of his 'investors' and of course himself.......
BS
Cunts
This problem could be solved easily by the government & regulator. Simply ban companies from being allowed to be wholesale suppliers & end user suppliers. 
If a company is a wholesale supplier or linked to wholesale via parent/group companies then not allowed to supply end users.
I finally dumped British Gas a few years ago after they had me trapped in debt & had to refund me £1500. I will never in my life go with them ever again, the worst company I ever had the misfortune to deal with 10x worse than British Telecom & that's really saying something.
@ofgem so what does ofgem do to protect consumers from greedy companys puting  money into greedy shareholders I would say nothing a waste of space having them
Today’s rise is on top of 12.5% rise in last September when wholesale energy prices are falling. Is British Gas digging its own grave with its new price increase?
@BritishGas disgraceful. Where are we supposed to find this extra money from? Should be brought into public ownership #corbyn #labour #fatcats

Does anyone know if other providers can use their smart meters yet?
Agree a contract and you will save money. All suppliers charge standard prices, which are very high. If you didn't know that, now you know!!!!
And still deluded simpletons fail to grasp why 12.9M voters chose Labour at the last election. It's not rocket science.
disgraceful yet again these companies should be sacked as suppliers when inflation is under 3% @SkyNews @BBCPolitics @IWA_Wales @LizKershawDJ
I’ll be switching then @BritishGas 
This is a shocking increase. Heat shouldn't be a luxury!!!
Great 
Par for the course, usual annual hike from @BritishGas
As if we don't pay enough for energy bills... This is becoming a serious issue now for people like myself who struggle anyway.. Low wage, working just to pay the bills, outrageous! These companies need to be made aware of the consequences caused by their constant price increase
Evidently not used in the inflation calculation!!! 
How kind of them in fine times of austerity i hope there customers leave them in droves .
Pension up 3 per cent because that's supposedly the inflation rate. I'm still looking for something that's only gone up by 3 per cent. Other than my pension of course.
Someone has got to pay for all the green nonsense which rewards the perpetrators of the AGW scam so lavishly - oh that would be the average bill payer or the vast majority of us.
Yay 
is this the same British Gas, who were moaning about losing a million customers because they put their prices up.  seems to me the CEO's and shareholders are not going to be denied,  ah well I suppose they can close their customer care office and reduce costs that way
Are you being scamed by gas/electric  companys
I’ve just bailed out in time,my winter bill was astonishing especially the gas,I’ve switched over to Octopus on a fixed deal for a year,good ratings.
From across the pond, the only regulation you need is to stop hegemonies and monopolies. Smaller companies can provide better customer service.
People of the UK is it not time that the Government forced all the energy companies to break into their massive profits each year to ensure prices don't need to go up as often as they do especially for those living in poverty??
Remember how Maggie Thatcher promised that privatisation was the way to cheaper services because of competition...  Oh wait.... She lied too...
British Gas has raised it's prices
By 5.5 per cent.
The only way to avoid this
Is a parrafin stove and a tent.
The boss of the parent company
Is taking us for fools.
While we put on extra jackets
He's heating two swimming pools!

(C) Fascinating Aida
And yet again the government do nothing 
Unbelievable this country is full of robbing company's if it's not the councils it's utility suppliers and the government's sits back & cashes in on the VAT from it all whilst the UK is a lovely place to live the workers pay the price
EDF are giving excellent online only deals for dual fuel atm. Seriously there’s no point being loyal to BG when they are more expensive than other suppliers!!
Rightly so. They provide a great service and nothing wrong with making profit. That’s kind of the point.
Yet wholesale prices of fuel went down? Hmm...
I have just changed to BG,  
Tina, if you have just joined BG. Your prices will not increase. They only increasing "Standard Prices". You have agreed a contract with a minimum term with set prices.
And they wonder why they're losing customers!
How is this justified?
Here we go... 
glad i never took up gas, at least with oil i can shop around
Back to heating or eating for the JAMs. Corruption at its worst once again
And yet @OurPowerEnergy is about 25% (maybe more now) than British Gas - and it is ethical.
Glad I left them years ago but that’s the problem you leave one join another and not long after that they also put up their prices. I haven’t found one company yet that’s reasonably priced. The government needs to step in and enforce a price cap. #energycompanies need regulating.
@Ed_Miliband suggested this and the Tory twats sneered and laughed at him - now they are trying nick the idea but can’t even be bothered to enforce it
That’s awful.
Robbing the public for shareholders yet again...switch switch switch
scum
Why don’t we have an organisation that looks into this sort of thing and for once helps the poor punters?!? #ofgem
Just switch. The more people do, the more competitive the market will become.
And when you try to leave them they make it hard as possible to leave I’ve been trying for last 5-6 weeks to swap and they keep refusing EDF to take over
Have you asked them why they stopping you from moving? Have you got any outstanding bills
Centrica plc raised the price of electricity on the British Gas standard tariff last year.
@ofgem what is the point in you?
I'm with Ovo saving loads
Been with ovo for 2 years. Can't fault them. Pay by dd and it's never gone up. Have regular meter readings and price always stayed the same.
Well they're only making a few billion a year so they have to I suppose.....
Gunna lov this , good piss , whoops post
Want to stop paying Big 6 prices? Cheap, renewable energy from @bulbenergy. Exit fees paid, £50 credit with this referral link: https://bulb.co.uk/refer/michael2760 …
They will have to increase their prices, they catch you, have you for 6 months either sell to one of the big six and you are hit with an huge increase.
No contract so able to switch if they do! It's why they keep costs down.
Time to nationalise these corrupt profiteers! 
#JC4PM
Why? At the moment you have choice. If you want a cheaper price, switch. If you want better customer service, switch. If you want a greener energy supplier, switch.

If we nationalise we lose that choice and just get what we are given.
 choose this higher priced profiteering supplier or that one.  Remove profit = reduce price. Remove duplicate corporate structures, marketing budgets, executive salaries = reduce price. Its simple economics pal. Neoliberalism has failed. #StayWoke
Profit is a big incentive to work harder, to innovate, to deliver a better service. The markets then determine the price at which this can be done and optimize based on what is most important to customers.
#..
British Gas wanted to put my direct debit up £15 a month to £65.   I moved to bulb and now pay £47 a month. This is for a one bedroom flat.
No need to worry ... Ofgem will step in to protect customers .... not ..!
Renewable!!?? So, when the wind doesn't blow, the sun doesn't shine...where do you get your "juice" from?
Hydro, Biogen from animal waste.
For the renewable players to access the national grid, you need vast hydro capacity to regulate grid quickly. This you don't have. Government pays big pounds for wind turbines to not connect. Best solution is Nuclear and Hydro generated electricity.
We're glad to hear you've switched over! Feel free to get in touch if you have any questions.
@SenSchumer
@GovHowardDean
@sfpelosi
Cue - ‘it’s all because of Brexit!’…
Switch here to save. All online, easy setup amd use the app to manage your account.
Imagine using a situation like this to direct folk to an affiliate site so you can get something out of it
Ridiculous greed not need!
Cheers British Gas. Almost the whole % increase of the 3 year pay deal for our NHS staff. @Jeremy_Hunt better deal for our NHS staff please!
This is the problem with privatisation. It was never to provide a good service for their customers. It was to provide a good service to their shareholders, whilst the board get rich off a utility that is an essential for millions. The govt owned industry should have been improved

Breaking news maybe, but doubt it's a shock really! Others will now soon follow im sure......energy should be cleaner by now surely thus meaning cheaper no?
 as well as removing the discount they used to apply for Duel Fuel customers - think I'll be looking around now!!!  #Disgraceful the amount of PROFIT this company makes is ridiculous!!!
Switch. Plenty of other options out there.
Good old privatisation. 
It’s their usual practice to increase at the onset of winter and reduce in the summer
Nothing fresh, I'm glad I'm not with British Gas
In the mean time Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's etc put all there prices up as well amd make tons of profit but no one complains.
Wouldn't it be nice if British Gas rewarded customers who stayed loyal with them.
They never do, prefer to look after New Customers only abit like Lloyds TSB, BT show NO loyalty to old customers -Shameful !!left 2 pit of 3 n the other company is going this year too!!!
Switch switch switch. I saved a fortune leaving @BritishGas and moving to @FirstUtility. It's really simple to do and takes no more than an hour if you are doing a bit of research first.
Hi Lee, great to hear that you're now saving! We'll always encourage to seek the best prices for you . ^Jack
I am paying £70 /nth with you, why is it going up to £82 when My fixed deal ends in MayFor same consumption
We'll check your payments every 3-12 months to make sure the amount is still the right value but I would also advise that you keep an eye on your balance from your monthly bills that are sent directly to your online account (1/2)
Oh dear falling into line with Australia but over here it's £60 a month 
@TheKenworthy that's us.

Stupid move “we dont have enough customers, to give us enough profits”. “I know lets put up our prices and drive more away” 
Nowt but right..
Can’t expect an annual bonus big enough to buy a row of terraced houses without rodding the man in the street..
Once BG announce an increase in prices, the rest usually follow suit. Such a wonderful place to live where the cost of living goes up faster than the majorities wages. Oh well, at least all the execs get nice bonuses I suppose.
Any sane person would suspect a monopoly going on, our watchdogs,oh no,!
Thanks @ProjectSolarBE for my Solar Panels  battery and owl heating and free hot water
Bloody hell, when can we have all our free renewables please .....governments respond

Slags
Disgusting. All of them are shoving up our energy bills when so many people are struggling to pay or have health problems and need the heating on; especially considering this long cold winter we cant get rid of.
But remember , privatisation will bring prices down, what a bad idea this has turned out, unless your a shareholder in one of the big six companies , then your swimming in money like Scrooge McDuck
Don't they profit enough from people's misery?
Wasn't there supposed to be a government cap?
what is happening to you. Is it there , Turkey. Increases were heard only in Turkey.
Good job i fix my dual energy on their Mar 2019 fixed tariff!!! Otherwise i would have looked at leaving.
Did mine last weekend. Just in time by the looks of it....
Bloody he'll I hope not
What happened to energy caps?? Is this before they announce £100000000000000000000 profits?? 
So change to another supplier or make sure you sign up to a fixed costs contract. It's not rocket science.
They all follow suit anyway...
I shall be changing suppliers then
Get in touch with us at @flippercomm - we not only find you the best deal, we do all the legwork for the switch. Plus we keep checking the market for you!
was there some sort of thing the Conservatives said in the lead up to the last election based upon this.
Just remember we're all init together, please not, when they said this they did not actually tell us what we were all in together
no they broke yet another promise
That's kind of them ... not!!! 
Another failed Tory promise, eh?
Bye bye British Gas then.
Bye Bye British Gas......
You're switching to solar/wind/water then? 

I'm sure the other five of "big six" will do the same shortly... 

That's expensive why do it as people can't afford to pay they're bills too much or refuse to pay these crazy prices
This click bait?
Thanks a bunch
