Death toll from military plane crash in Algeria reaches at least 247, media reports say
RIP deceased
#JusticeForAsifa India
The Ilyushin Il-76 has a seating capacity of 225! Something is off if 247 have died ‘so far’ 
Rip to all victims of crash 
May the departed souls rest in peace.
mmmmmkjju
Mungu  awafariji waliofiwa my  sincere condolences.
I'm so sorry for this tragedy.
This is not a real footage of the incident . I hope you check out your resources.
You're still reporting the aircraft as an IL-76 when from the picture of the tail it is obviously not. Probably an IL-86. If you can't get this easily-checked fact right, how can we believe anything?
Yes, it's not a real footage of the incident
May be they scrimpt on the planes maintenance ?
May they soul rest in peace
T IS INDIGNANT TO READ THE DECISION OF THAT JUDGE, WHILE HUMAN BEING HAVE LIFE SIGNS AND HAVE MORE TO LIVE, ENGLAND WAS ALWAYS HUMANITARIAN, BUT THIS IS WORSE Q THE NAZI GERMANY .. IT WILL RECEIVE ACCOUNTS FOR THIS
I am so sorry what happen the militery of Algeria. i can say that the craziness of the pilot caused this deadly incident. so i would say be careful if your pilot at any where.
the pilot actually is a hero, he avoided crowded places and highways and crashed in an empty field. Please check your information.
if he avoid the crowded places ot does not mean that he was hero. the place where the airplane crashed was where it destroyed.
Do you know the details even?
The place "destroyed" was an EMPTY FIELD. Last reply.
Did you even use your brain?
No sorry it's  257 correct thank you
It's ridiculous.
You are ridiculous Bitch people lives are no joke Wtf u saying seriously there's no humanity  fuck off
Ok seriously i want to know ine thing. Recently why have so many planes and helicopters been crashing going missing or taking a missile? Wtf is going on!
Sad indeed  may their souls RIP.
Really it's a great tragedy for human
Rip prayers for the souls
Omg so sad. RIP all those who died and condolences to families, friends and all those affected.
Rip
awful
This is so sad. So many families affected.
Tension entre le Maroc et l’Algérie après l’accident de l’avion militaire.
My thoughts to the families and relatives at this sad time.
Tragic
This is horrible.  what happened?
So sad
a min silence for the departed souls. God bless their souls #VIVAALGERIA
Thank you so much 
.

R.I.P. the tragedy shatters the dreams of hundreds of people
R.I.P
Who military plane
The country's military plane . It carried military men and their families wives and children 
Thoughts and prayers
Rip
So sad. Condolences to affected families.
Middle East is human life crisis.
USA,Russia and China pls do something to bring peace back in Middle East. Cannot destroy human life like this.
Algeria is in North Africa not the Middle East x
Agreed but touching middle East and whole area is disturbed
So sad
This is so sad. So many families affected.
Utterly horrific.
That is awful
Sad 
How many alive then?
They’re not saying how many survivors there are, but it says 14 ambulances were dispatched to treat the injured. Implying that there are many survivors.

NO !!
rip
