I don’t condone what he may have done. But BBC needs to stop denigrating Hindu leaders by using negative phrases like “self-styled Indian godman.” Do you use this phrase for the Pope or Archbishop of Canterbury or Islamic clerics? Stop your dumb racism against India and Hindus.
From india to america, lindu always , always support rapists.
And some people say terrorism has no religion and they support terrorism
Yes, and they don't just support terrorism , they vote for terrorist , they elect them as their PM and CMs.
We need to protect Hindus of our country because it's our country and yogi is fit for yall
Faith based leadership will always mislead. We are human beings let's not include a third party that we can't even cross examine
Calling himself as “godman” while he shits and sleep every day
Bad Santa
So a modern this "Asaram" is a modern Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh: a con artist.
"When I was in the war"          #UncleAlbert             

We have a similar situation in the White House w/ a cult leader
Clinton was impeached years ago.
Protect the judge and survivor at all cost!
They’ll probably deport him to the uk
Where he will call himself pakistani and rape young english girls
Sounds like he took a page from the book of sleazy yoga “guru” Bikram Choudhury (or vice versa). Both cons with cult-like followings. Namaste away from them!
Good Lord.Judiciary in India is still a last resort for common ppl
Surprised? No la.
He is only a crock .
What a surprise. I think not .
Self styled that's the bottom line
Being #Atheist seems to be the safest and sanest bet these days and ages.
Except where it’s punishable by death! https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2013/12/13-countries-where-atheism-punishable-death/355961/ … These places are rules out of my travel plans...
Alas,India now becoming a hub of rapists.everyday we hear rape of small innocent kids,but the culprit always get away,the problem is, in many cases politicians and many from ruling party bjp r involved so this culprits never caught or freed by no evidence
Most pathetic humans ever existed and are existing in the place called rapistan ( hindustan )
Men = trash
(Gal 5:19-26)Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditions, heresies,envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings.....
Wild Wild Country Part II?
welp here we go again.
Religion holds no automatic or higher level of morality. Our individual humanity, kindness to others and ability to coexist with people's different values and beliefs is the true beholder. 

Happy Wednesday everyone, remember, kindness is a gift, pass it forward every time.
Wow, never heard this tale befoe
He shd b given death penalty waise b kitne din jeeyega he shd b directly gvn capital punishment. All da ladies the so called bhakts who r blindly still following him and r crying 4 him i pity them cz being a woman u cudnt understand da pain of another woman # hedeservesphaansi
Unfortunately there is no death penalty for rapist who rapes above 12 year old. 

What happens to Asifa case? Why is media not covering it for further updates?
True . Where is that case gone ?
It’s also a different kind of shame that this Asaaram found guilty of rape had millions of followers! What kind of religion/ philosophy do the followers believe in.
Whats happening to India's society??!! Big shame when even the leaders do this! what happens to the teenagers ? What examples do they have?
But God told him to do it?
Triumph of Justice, faith and moral values.
Religious heads with luxuries and wealth accumulation are mostly non-reliable
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
A religious leader guilty of a sex offence? Shocking.
They all hide behind "God" but God is just and you cannot hide the truth.
Chutiyae godman to likhna band karde ab he is a rapist maut ki saza milni chaiyae isse
The religious turning out to be sick twisted arseholes not a surprise really.
Actually this ‘godman’ is true to his epithet. God commits atrocities on a daily basis. Religion poisons everything.
The system apart from the initial 20 years after independence got worse and worse. Yet some parts, like that of higher education in iit s and iim s were top notch
Mr. Modis bjp who come from lower classes not castes, have due to their own inferiority complex ruined what remained.
This verdict will set an example that however powerful a person is he will not be spared if he has committed rape.
All of them like that nothing new.
good news
Another fake god got rid of.  Just another 5000 more charlatans to go and that should be the end of religion.
He’s enjoyed his bhaji on the beach
In the end, they’re all the bloody same 

The unholy toxic alliance of nationalism and religion. Blind followers still asking for #cleanchittobapuji to now convicted rapist #AsaramBapu. And this is the reason why - https://www.deccanchronicle.com/151102/nation-politics/article/jdu-digs-old-picture-modi-meeting-asaram …
At last judiciary won
“Tough titties”
A so called man of God accused of rape. No way! Never! I can't believe that! Oh, wait. It's kinda expected....

Why don’t people stick to either one or the other Christianity and Muslim. These random cults popping up leads this.
blady #bastard
LMAO
You dirty old man
I knew Santa was a rapist
Self styling has not worked. They need help.
It was grt relief as I was wondering if verdict is in favour of Asaram then where people will go Thank you Judge Madhusudan Sharma sir people like u pride of country people can understand how much pressure was there on u.Long Live India
This is ridiculous. #Madarsa is a place where Muslim clergies teach students good values. Cannot imagine rape happening in #Madarsa by Muslims latest case today. #UnitedNations #women #BREAKING #Muslims where is the #JusticeForGeetha #JusticeForAll . @UN @UN_Women
It's usual in india
Self-Styled guru Asaram will spend rest of his life in jail and rightfully so.
Good.
Indian media houses are still not as mature as BBC
Such animals should be caged forever
Yes, he is 'self styled' godman.But it has been proved  now that  he is 'Satan' , the devil.
Ouch! That won’t be good.
Millions of followers including prominent politician having bonding and connections from their earlier days with similar profile of tea hawkers. It is a good start of downfall of false guru & their sponsors who were supporting him for the sake of votes on religious issues.
He should be hanged dead !!!
#delho130
Luckily, going to prison in somewhere like India is a death sentence
You shall know them by their fruits. False prophets and their likes indulge in sexual sins and drunkenness. Hypocrites
Lol

If this surprises anyone then you're probably a member of his cult.
Renounce yourself.
#Asaram
Pious fools in all religions are as fake as base metal sold as gold, and for such brutal sins their punishments should be doubled many times over for their fake piety
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Blind audience -Blind Faith - Expected Repercussions 
No surprise there. Anyone who thinks Indian religions are any less screwed up hasn’t travelled.
In "Bhagwat Gita" 
Chapter 16 Shalok 23 it is said that 
One who doesn't worship according to Scriptures , can't get complete salvation.
We should worship according to Scriptures in shelter of complete $ant .
For more information
Sadhana TV 7:30 
#गीतासार
Sent Rampal Ji per juthe aarop na lagao inligal aborthan senter chalate aur wapens ka propfh do
I guess the Indian Guru did not see that coming even though he uses penile gland the third eye of the 8th level contra who would think how desperate to have raped
Power corrupts when unchecked regardless of organization
A 77 year old man rapes Linda Blair while her  parents are outside the door. Hmm, ok
Why did the parents send their underage child away?
If she was reported by the staff as being possessed, wouldn’t that give her an incentive to lie? What did the Asaram say? Need more info... Rape kit?
I wonder how many little ones, he raped before he got caught.
I knew it was a self-styled, godman.
Thanks judicary..
If he did it he got what he deserved if he didn't do it then what a shame
Just hang him
Assram Asaram?
Have you learned nothing from the Beatles?!?! ....or Antoine Dodson for that matter... google it.
Disgusting!

Why alder hey why

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10215679477758808&id=1198136843 …
Good ! f*cker deserves to suffer
Pathetic toilet less, sex deprived nation, Thank God we separated
as long as he is brahmin, ...he safe
Good. Criminal must  Be punished.
See you managed to find a picture in which he looks like Corbyn 
Asaram, the Ass ramer
I guess humans are fallible
Shocking! Asaram needs to be punished like Gurmeet Ram Rahim.These self styled gurus bring bad name to the country.
LOL
I will say though his story is on Netflix .. worth a watch people are incredibly dim
There's always something suspensious about whom claim to be righteous.
Always be wary of anyone calling themselves Godman...
What a surprise 
A fornicating god addicted to the instinct of procreation
Damen gypsi, they took over fl
Shame on you Asaram
Shocking 
@DougStanhope oh look he did it all by  himself! 
Suprise, suprise.
He’s not the only pedophile prophet
What did world expect from rape capital of the world (allegedly).?

The blind followers and political protection help such Goodmans thrive.
The same thing they expect from terrorist capital of the world. (allegedly).
What a surprise 
Religion creeping around under that cloak of deceit yet again.....ffs
Just another religious pediphiles? Anybody really surprised? There are some decent religious leaders out there, that actually practice what they preach, but my guess is 70% of them worldwide are pediphiles and sex offenders. Just a guess it might be more
Not qualify to be a noble person, ariya.
Rather stick to traditional churches and start jogging peeps
Dirty little guru!
Rape is rape. If he is guilty let the newspapers sell it how they want to coz he is criminal of one the worst crimes in the world and I have very little sympathy for him. 'Self-styled' offends no-one but himself. BBC are covering their ass...good reporting techniques :)
It's not about the numbers of followers, it's about the numbers only, as you can see that your Twitter account is followed by millions, but only hundreds and sometimes thousands interact with your tweets! That disease came after technology! It's just a trick to convince people!
Great news he is a pig!
Sexy Sadie...what have you done?
......and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.
Meanwhile, the BBC have today declared Amol "Idiots and Scum" Rajan to be non-abusive.

Midden
Prepare for riots.
What a surprise.
Better change his name to Ass ram in jail
Justice and Karma
What a surprise
#whatisnew #notsurprised
Imagine that. A man abusing power to rape and subjugate women. Nothing to see here, just the usual daily shit.
Very sad indeed.OMG v mercy on Us
I’m not surprised in India rape is not a crime
He’s been raping minds for years.
Indian judiciary will bail Salman Khan but will not investigate judge loya case. It will call social reformer rapist #NoJusticeForBapu
Yellow wristband
@BJP4Karnataka
Shocker
Ooops
Can we jail all the other practitioners of the scam known as religion?
This is very common and typical of the followers of that particular religion of peace.
They think that sex with children is normal and acceptable.
Madness

Again indian what do u expect....
Lmfao
Bye bye .
HAHAHA..
#shiningindia #welcometoindia #anormaldayinindia
What the fuck!!!
He can be stiff As-a-ram behind bars
I always wondered what happened to Uncle Albert!
Hang him high
More like a Conman
Good
Season 2 of @WildCountryDoc ? Who is with me?
I mean, yeah.
I think calling himself 'godman' was probably the first indication that this douche felt he could get away with anything.
Hang this bastard..
Just another group of credulous fools
scum hang hm high 
Castrate him!
Oops.
Whoopsie
Faith on Indian #Judiciary and @BJP4India @PMOIndia @narendramodi @AmitShah #Restored #AsaramVerdict #AsaramBapu #AsaramRapeVerdict #AsaramCaseVerdict #AsaramConvicted #HangAsaram #HangTheRapist
#BEWARE If #asharam is Released for Lack of #Evidence then My #faith in #Judiciary and @BJP4India @PMOIndia @narendramodi @AmitShah will also be #Released for Lack of #TRUST 
"Cult leader abused power", may as well say"water wet".
Wow, endia shining around the world...
Who would have guessed.....
"I'm shocked!"
Typical Asaram
This guy from the damn hippie spirit docs? If you follow this rodmunch you deserve a lil bit of him on ya. 
Very poor Even beggar mans are better than this type of fake God man
All these gurus are worn and played out
