
What about his court case around fast and furious?
There was no such thing. You’re talking about an investigation of an ATF program in which the Attorney General testified to various republican led Congressional committees. That’s not a court case and didn’t involve Obama’s personal affairs.


No one gives a shit about @StormyDaniels 

She spread her legs and got paid...isn't that how it's supposed to work  

Can we please talk about real news now??
How do you know this is about stormy
Raid oval office and lock him up too. It's enough. Everyone around him connected with Russia and doing stuff. This can't be a coincidence. He is the ring leader.
Whatever they found shouldn't be admissible in court client lawyer confidentiality even crooks have more rights
The FBI had a court order to raid Cohens hotel to collect evidence. You can't get a judge to sign off unless there was already a lot of evidence. Lawyer/client confidentiality goes out the window when you have a search warrant!  #KnowTheDifference
Ok thanks if that's how it works what about all his other clients I am sure there confidentiality was also compromised or does that go out the window also and they become collateral damage
Donald, lawyer/client privilege goes out the window when laws are broken. As for his other clients, I believe the FBI can see those files to see if others are culpable. You were not wrong, just not up to snuff on American law, which, to be fair, most Americans don’t know, either.
Thank you
A respectful conversation and correction on Twitter! Thank you both of you, you've made my night great 
How bad are things when we have to start counting on the American justice system to save us from the president lolol I'm gonna go get a drink
The American Justice System is a joke! Sit down!
not as much of a joke as the clown they’re investigating.
I'm not a fan of Trump's but Democrats are just losing it. This is a strategic move but if they can't sort the publicity out they might as well stay out of power. Trump is not their problem. Lack of talented people is.
Mueller is a Republican. Always has been.
They like to conveniently forget that.
Who cares if he’s a Republican when he’s wrong he’s wrong he’s part of the witch hunt
If you think this is a witch hunt, it's you that's wrong.
to bad the FBI doesn’t have better things to do then care who the president had sex with and sent her a thank u tip ! 

Partly!! So Trump's lawyer may be guilty of numerous cover ups on his employer's behalf!
I bet Cohen's saved every last email of every little deal he's done on Trump's behalf. 

Now Mueller has them.
Syria will definitely be getting bombed now.
Sad but true
@StormyDaniels screams #metoo yet she gets paid to have sex 
And Trump's Twitter tirade beginning in 3, 2, 1...







Witch hunt, well Clinton and Obama run free, but there time will come.
*their
Here we go
40 US Government officials indicted or jailed bc of Watergate. WH staff, WH legal council, US AG, etc. How many will go down in this administration? My best guess is A LOT! #Criminals #russiagate #TraitorTrump #treason
How is it corrupt?
Remember Bill Clinton 
However disgusting it was (and it def. was) it was a totally private, totally personal matter.  No $ were exchanged, no ?able foreign entanglements.
Trump: "You'll have to ask Michael Cohen"
FBI: lol OK
LOCK HIM UP
For consenually banging a pornstar before he was president? Is that the best you've got? Desperate.

HOW IN THE WORLD IS THAT LEGAL???  Come on n POTUS... protect your own rights!!!
What do you mean? They're doing exactly what Trump said, aren't they?

"You'll have to ask Michael Cohen."

So they are! 
L
Crooked Donnie, LOCK! HIM! UP!!
Stay tuned...RICO charges to follow!
Do keep up,  I think we’re up 14 “hookers” now! Plus a very wet mattress.
Mueller is such a corrupt official, he should be fired.
He's getting info on the FIXER. Lol  remember the gangster taken down on taxes, lol. Lov it!
Actually, Mueller just passed it on. It was up to NY Atty Gen to determine if they act on it and obviously they did and had enough to do all this which takes A LOT. So no, not a witch hunt.
I bet you £5 that @realDonaldTrump triggers military action in Syria any day now to distract everyone from his current career death spiral. Called it.
Hmmm



So is Stormy Daniels part of the Russia Collusion Investigation? WTF Robert Mueller?

- Mueller has nothing on Trump in regards to the Russia investigation. 

It’s all about Stormy Daniels now....
I guess we’ll see...
Or maybe they'll find new receipts of somebody Trump had sex with 23 years ago




This is like a film except everyone is really stupid.
Guess Trump will bomb the shit out of Syria to distract from this "fake news" or blame @HillaryClinton.


What law was he broken? I'm lost here, because unlike Clinton who did this whilst in office and was tried and acquitted for lying and sexual harassment (the affair). This alleged Trump affair happened in 2002... someone explain? This is a federal offense?

I can see it's about the Mueller investigation now more info has been added, about potential other payments. The headline is miss-leading. Still, not exactly sure what Porn Star payments have to do with the Russians, nor why it's an offense.
Agreed. The headline is bullshit clickbait & the BBC should be above that.

The Mueller investigation isn't just about Russia, it's much more far-reaching than that. 

If the payment to Daniels was from campaign funds, then that is likely a breach of election law.
Well @POTUS said he wasn’t aware of the payments so I’m sure the @FBI won’t find ANYTHING at all.  #NoThereThere
Tick tock tick tock
@realDonaldTrump @gop @FLOTUS ..  LOCK HIM UP.  LOCK HIM UP.  LOCK HIM UP. 
KARMA! #TrumpRussia #MuellerTime #MichaelCohen #MondayMotivation
Hey Spanky @realDonaldTrump  is this Faux News too?
Trumpanzees will be having a hissy fit in 3, 2, 1.....


Woohoo! *flutters off to make popcorn*
Supposedly Trump used campaign money to pay her off.
The lawyer said he paid it personally.
Paid personally or not, if it benefited his campaign he was required to report it if he knew. But DJT says he didn't which means his atty in trouble for violating atty ethics rules by NOT telling him or they lied. Neither scenario is good for them.
So tell me where Russia comes in. THAT'S WHAT HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE INVESTIGATING. Is Stormy Daniels Russian????
Seriously? Read the Mandate. If SC comes across something NOT related to his investigation he presents it to Dep Atty Gen who decides if SC pursues, passes to another Atty Gen or declines to pursue at all.
The details thus far are unknown as to how Mueller came across the info he did that got passed on to NY Atty Gen who pursued Cohen but so far, not related to Russia so not being handled by SC. But doesn't mean Stormy Daniels matter doesn't equate to a crime by Cohen. Wait  b seen
A crime? She intentionally slept with him to blackmail him. That should be a crime. Cheating on your wife is wrong, but not a crime Muller should investigate. Cohen paid her money and she accepted it. Now is going for more $. She signed agrmnt.
Her name is Stormy Daniels and she is a woman and should not be defined by her job. Would you be as interested if she had any other profession ??
Oh don't worry. We were just as fascinated by the 22 indictments so far. Especially the guys who plead guilty 
Would there be anything more beneficial for the world than Trump being indicted...
I'm going pop some popcorn and hang with Twitter. Now THIS is a Monday!
I’m with you
Lol - Literally
Lol - theoritically....Lol - practically
Starting to look more like sex investigation than Russian Collusion investigation. Ed


Liberals media so weak
Uh oh.
Popcorn with extra butter.
Trump bout to go off on another Twitter tirade calling this move a "witch hunt" #leggo
Alexa - buy the popcorn factory!
Things have just got juicy! #ImpeachTrump
Hilarious but god what have we done to get the leaders we currently have in this world?!?!
Vote.
well yes...albeit not so much in China, Russia and North Korea-choice in UK and US was and is terrible-blimey
We need the fbi to collect evidence he paid someone he had sex with consent and they talk about him wasting money
I thought the investigation was for Russian collusion?
This makes breaking news...pretty sad.
You can not believe the US media any further than you can spit.
The noose is getting tighter, soon he will hang himself and the USA will be free again 
FBI is getting on the neck of Trump
@michaelcohen21 what have you done...
FBI should do it long before.... I don’t think so Smart Cohen left something juicy for FBI.
If theres one thing the feds are hot on is hidden money, illicit payments from fake companies ,, especially if it was money raised by donations and diverted for improper use...
The judicial bar to raid a lawyer’s offices is a high one.   Wow.
Why the big fuss about it when Kennedys slept with Monroe FBI wasnt involved and nobody cared. 
Trump knew that his lawyer payed that lady off. I cant understand why people in office always cheat  on their wife.. his wife should take him to the cleaner She is a very nice lady
We're trying!
If there are any vids of Stormy and Trump at it, please God don't release them!
Disgusting
Don’t know how many times people are going to need to be told that this was directed by the US Attorney for the Southern District of NY, and not Mueller, so you can stop whining about how this doesn’t have anything to do with the Russia investigation, because yeah - no shit.
Lol please please find evidence and have him impeached on numerous things.
Cheering for the FBI 
Ruh-roh......
Follow us for all of you news retweet needs!
If only my hands were bigger I could have hidden the evidence better
It's getting interesting. History will remember it as "Stormey gate" :))
About time!

Two bob PH mug has no idea that we drive on the right in Savoy Court. Arrows, what arrows? #tflgate
@ImoMcJames
It’s the part “US media say” that is very untrustworthy
*partly is key here. #TrumpRussia #DonaldTrump


SHOCK!!! The BBC DESPERATE to implicate trump in anything NOT going to happen 
I read on here. No place else I'm not a journalist. There was some type if check for 129,999.99 paid out.if that's true....geez
BREAKING: Michael Cohen seen leaving New York on Trump train...

SCL Group. ACTIVE in UK Elections.

#RestoreDemocracy

…
You guys are making me and a whole lot of others into Trump Sympathizers with all this bull . It's getting ridiculous and I can't stand Trump...
My taxes are going for this???really???? FBI needs to get a job!!  
Leave my president alone!!!!!
2/ POTUS needs a win. He says, a "win is a win." Didn't he win, in "My Cousin Vinnie?"
Really.  Who cares about a porn star?
200 followers in 3 mins challenge!

RT if you follow back

#GainWithPyeWaw
#TrapaDrive
<<<Is this it for Trump?>>>
McCabe is toast.

https://twitter.com/davereaboi/status/984861594290094081?s=19 …

Next will be Comey.
Then Mueller.

The Mueller investigation is a witch hunt. The Steele dossier used to justify it (and wiretapping) has already been outed by the house intel committe as a DNC-funded scam.
OIG report on McCabe is out. Lots and lots of instances of the phrase “McCabe lacked candor...”
https://static01.nyt.com/files/2018/us/politics/20180413a-doj-oig-mccabe-report.pdf …
Steele dossier is STILL being proved true.

Only sad pathetic #MAGA morons believe otherwise.

#MuellerIsComingForYou 
#ImpeachTrump 
#BlueWave2018
Not sure your attention-span is long enough for this...

https://twitter.com/SnowWhite7IAM/status/981021845200818176?s=19 …

tldr version: Partisan Obama-appointed FBI & DOJ officials have attempted to overturn the US election result.
The much anticipated #ReleaseTheMemo 2 February 2018 https://www.scribd.com/document/370603711/FISA-Memo-1 … (Page 1 of 6 below) 
And the DOJ/FBI continue to cover it up
Fitton: 'Shameful' That DOJ Only Turned Over FBI Russia Memo After Threat of Legal Action http://insider.foxnews.com/2018/04/12/tom-fitton-shameful-doj-only-turned-over-fbi-russia-memo-after-threat-legal-action … @Foxnews @judicialWatch
But they can't cover it up forever
Rod Rosenstein has until Monday to hand over the #ComeyMemos in unredacted form. https://oversight.house.gov/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/2018-04-13-BG-TG-DN-to-Rosenstein-DOJ-re-Comey-Memos1.pdf … 
Surely attorneys files are privileged?
You can't use that excuse to cover up willing breaking laws.
*willingly
Well attorney-client privilege is not really an excuse... Its a sacrosanct element of due process unless to prevent a crime about to be perpetrated
And you just answered your own question.
What crime was about to be perpetrated?
In this case it was a crime that was already committed. Either way you answered your question.
So law enforcement should be allowed to raid any attorney's office anywhere in the world...... y'know cos their clients committed crimes....... you're not very bright are you?
#JusticeForAsifa India
Are you seeking for Unique, wordmark, minimalist  logo to represent your business?
Pstt,carrie underwood ,releases a new single in the united states in 8hours,song called "cry pretty",hinting new album and tour in the pipeline
Totally outrageous
The west uses people as consumables. Today friend, tomorrow enemy, depending on their needs! Who still does not understand this?
Boring. zzzZZZ
Remember, THERE WAS A LAWFULLY EXECUTED WARRANT. You make it sound like they broke the doors down and came in with guns blazing! Bad, bad choice of words.
Weather forecast for D.C.: Stormy
And HRC and Obama still walk free ! Corrupt system
Lel
If only Michael Cohen was a pedo like Jimmy Saville. The @BBC would have covered this all up. #Trump
Pay back by the corrupt FBI
The FBI are on the Trump , lets arrest and jail Trump , come on FBI bring down the Trump and lets get the freak out of the whitehouse , from whitehouse to jail..!

So what’s that got to do with collusion?? Over stepping boundaries!!

Just a matter of time
It's not the FBI, it's the KGB.
@Sedona_Red it’s all coming out now 
Excellent,if 45 was able to read the signs he would resign.
#happyending
What crap
Trump is a shameless person.... don’t have morality at all. FBI should raid Oval Office and lock him up.
Sources also report that President Donald Trumps residence in Trump tower was also possible breached by fireghters and FBI agents as well! Send U.S. Marshals to FBI to seize documents that  they have been stonewalling on since August.#MAGA
is it illegal to have sex in America with a porn star? FBI must have better things to do.
What a bunch of crap. Who cares about Stormy, all FBI is doing is making her a rich bitch. What about Clinton and Kennedy to name a couple of Presidents that had affairs. I would sure think the FBI could find bigger things to do with their time.
Tell me what this has to do with Russian collusion
Guessing it didn’t take them weeks to get the warrant...
Aimless education creates corruption at all levels
Aimful #education creates great minds, skills, character, #health & #environment or else just #childabuse #books & #certificates. 
#MuellerIsComingForYou hot on the trail of russian collusion ... oh wait.

What have we come to when we see the words "President" and "Porn Star" in the same sentence.
The pure definition of a Slimy Leftist/Communist lawyer with no checks or balances investigating a narcissist entertainer pretending to be POTUS - and this is the best the US has to offer. Sure wasn’t Hillary and her millions from the Russians and a blowjob in the Oval Office
It's absolutely ridiculous what's happening in the white house.
ME BUWK IZ GUNNA B DA REEL DON 
TRUMP!
PERSONALLY, I CAN'T STAND ANYMORE OF THIS CRAP FROM OUR GOVERNMENT.
Donald trump is worried. Fed's have information on him. If trump tries to stop investigation he could be impeached.
The spirit of Heinrich Himmler is seen in Muellers Gestapo like investigation brought about by an unverified ( dossier) delivered by Sen. Mc Cain to Comey and used by Comey to get a FISA WARRANT which is Strozk’s Insurance policy insuring a TRUMP presidential failure.
There are more to it, next step to raid Trump properties

Mmhmm
Is Trump Being Threatened To Start WW3?
Could  it be  President Trump  may in fact be receiving threats, to  himself,  his family & the  country, as an ultimatum to deliver the US into  World War 3?
Can this thing happens somewhere in Africa. State institutions work some somewhere
#gogethim
@CallMeAlchemist
Lastly the fact that he's screaming so loudly and saying it's disgraceful means he's hiding something criminals Scream the loudest
This is what happens when your criminal in your break the law I can't wait to see Trump go to jail which is really what should happen here

This is so ridiculous is it even legal Stormy had an affair with a rich man and got paid and accepted for her services Ten Years Ago and she said nothing why come forward now and there was no crime committed only a woman fortune hunter with no morals and an embarrassment
World is richly evil:evenly crook and wd never be appropriate!never ever!SKJ 
misguided villian leaders waste resources systematically for an awe!
Umm....what does a porn star have to do with Muller? Is she Russian??????
Get rid of Mueller

The "fixer" getting fixed ...
Hope he had his ass covered coz he got butt fucked when Trumpet denied knowing anything about any payment to a certain "ass spanker"
Highly illegal.

What did I miss while I was busy at work???
Fire Mueller !
Fantastic
https://soundcloud.com/black-patch-prod/dont-count-on-me … #MrFixIt #BankFraud #stormymonday #JimmyRadcliffe #FBIRaid #NDA #Rogue @washingtonpost


@realDonaldTrump Going down, just like you paid her to
And the rest of the world chuckles
Here comes Mueller 
but Hillary's emails
... and nothing found
Don't care, more red meat for the commies that can't move on.
you couldn’t male this shit up lol
When “the Sam  Hill“ is this Gestapo investigation going to be stopped , tarred and feathered, run out of town on a rail.Who has the guts to stand up to this Inquisitor Mueller. We are not the USA but have become the Spanish Inquisition, the SS Gestapo .
And so it begins.....
Will Trump be the fixer for his loyal fixer Cohen?
