Still ‘whipping’ horses for fun at races I see !. Theres me thinking its 2018 not 1918. Quite frankly pathetic in todays society ‘whipping’ a horse for the fun of the crowd.
Ok cool why the need to comment
Backed 'Bless the Wings' as both my parents have passed away, pleased to see it came 3rd. Hope all the horses and jockeys that fell are alright.
We done that and some others so won all our money back, as we had a stillborn so wife picked it. First time we got at least money back for years.
Sorry to hear your news. We had a total household win of £85. Not bad for £2.50 each lol X
Are you sure? Harry Kane swears that he won it.
And all horses back. Saint are under obs
Lovely job. Good work by the course staff diverting the runners round that fence too
And jockey Danny Cook.
"Tiger with a heart of a Lion" what a race. 
My online betting account agrees this is good news 
1 dead horse and 44 dead from racing already this year.  Yes a great day indeed 
No horses died in the Grand National race itself.
1 died in the 3 day Aintree meeting.  But that's ok then? 
No update as yet on the injured one Saint hopefully still alive this morning after yesterdays fall.  Still 11 have died since 2000 at The Grand National Race.  11 too many I actually think.
Saint Aire is fine it's already been updated this morning.
Excellent news.
Stewards inquiry after Harry Kane claims the win at the national
I’m a little bit richer tonight 
Won a whopping £18 with my £2 bet
oh how did the lady jockeys do?
Bryony Frost came 5th
I had Pleasant company 
Ought to be renamed            "Tiger roll over"
#Coys 
thoroughbread horse 

Whoop there is #TIGERROLL Get In There  #TheGrandNational
Yup picked the winner 2 years in a row , I’ll take the 50 quid. I know nothing about horse racing or betting and just bet on this. I’ve watched 3 races including one a few years and picked the winner each time. I think i have a gift.
@Scastleclarke please tell me you did put that bet on?!
No I didn’t!! 
Oh you’re joking? I thought of you straight away xx
Never heard this name before in my life. Guess I'm not that much into that sport...
Brilliant ,brave little horse
Can no longer watch this, not because im an activist or hater but i feel if a horse wanted to run and jump in such extremes it will do it with little help from the jockey no whips should be used. just set them off on their own.
Sad a horse died.

Nice bit of dough for the winner.
I put a bet on Tiger Roll as well!!!!!!
The wife is £150 richer.... treating me to an Indian takeaway and a few bottles of tiger beer! 
‘Tiger’ won something then 
Congrats Harry Kane !!
Fantastic race
After an appeal by the @premierleague, Harry Kane has been declared the winner of the Grand National.
ztýib
asc
taweet
I had the winner
Turns out Harry Kane is claiming it.
Sick.
14-1 bet with paddy power and 10-1 bet with William hill 
1st & 2nd 
My horse was beaten by a photo finish I am gutted it was 25/1
My pick .. Shame him in doors didn’t listen 
Thankyou Tiger Roll thankyou xxx
"Tiger Roll"?

Do you get that when you order a Number 14, Beef Snow Pea?

(snicker)
Paddy Power himself Tipped this horse.
Can’t you take it back and broadcast.
BBC you do it so much better.
Mine finished, but not placed. The main thing is that all the horses appear to be ok. Fantastic photo finish!
YOU BEAUTY @_Davy_Russel_ 
BJ Geraghty
I came first!!
