
Roma! An unexpected loss for Barcelona.

Messi is a fraud

Really unbelievable
When Messi is out of form, Barca loses. You can’t put all hopes on the performance of one player. Same story for Argentina. Players don’t win matches alone; they need a team!
Ave Cesare

Lol
Hopefully the UEFA bosses are cracking open the vodka in a room crying about their plan for an El Classico final falling apart again the fucking corrupt twats.
They hardly can't believe it until now
Congratulation Roma....
@FelipeAndresZC @jorgejordanz holi
Ya ya...

Historic triumph for the Rome
congratulations!
Sad to C Messi walk away in disbelief ~ Congratulations to ROMA on moving forward
Amazing.
What a come back
Vamos roma
Karma is a bitch!! Same thing Barcelona did to PSG last season.
well done Roma
Are there more football top teams, besides AS Roma, without commercial on shirts?
Love it, Adios Messi & co

Barcelona made a right Messi of that,got what they deserved, fooook all.
Thank you Roma for eliminating UEFA.
Well-done Boys!
q    
O I t
Need some upset
Juve must be charged, to make similar miracle, but can i predict bayern liverpool final? Its all planned im afraid.
was a historic triumph for  the rome, propose the game and neutralized messi and suares a fair winner
World cup is almost here maybe it was done in purpose so player could take it easy !!

How the mighty has fallen
Slovakia minister milions
Hello !
Sky blue killed Barcelona
Good and keep it up for semifinals match too
Well Done Roma, Barca’s thought they’d made it but once again they r just F...ed


A trouble shared is a trouble halved. 
NOT on away goals, but on away goal, it was 1:4!!!
!
#noballondor4messi

Baby... 
Oh UEFA won’t be happy with that result!
Ifall ni missat @t0r_vidar @flyflare
Crazy to think that Roma scored 5 goals(2 own goals) so if we are fair the score should be:  ROM 5-BAR 2 
Love song~
That's a sweet result looking at AS Roma's form at home in the CL. Well deserved victory by hard work...
Believe it or not, they certainly have earned it.
barcelona in p.s.g uniform
Barcalona out, it's great how these so called great teams lose?
Get in there Roma!!!
@callum_lfc21
How the mighty fall
Today is a great day!
Always difficult for Barcelona whenever Messi is not in form. Let them concentrate on their competitions
Ernesto Valverde fucked up big time. Set up and approached the match like a coward even though he was 4-1 up. Basically tried defending for 90 minutes. Deserved to get knocked out.
Suarez bite off more than he could chew?
Romans chapter 3. Messi is a local champion
Wow! A night of shocks in Europe!
Fisasyer

Les rebajan el sueldo por no ganar??? Auguri Roma 


who believes it? barca played like shit. Valverde is shit. doesn't know anything. keeping Dembele bench. shame #VALVERDEOUT
This is S-C-A-N-D-A-L-O-U-S!
#
Wow!
Me too!
#RomFCB
somebody say Amen
Wow! Did not see this happening at all! Kudos to the Italians...
Pundits: busy talking of a Man City come back, and Barca walk over. In for a shock
Tra suarez. Tra coutinho. Tra tra tra
Roma deserve it
I loved the game and happy to see Roma winning
Yes... They can hardly believe it. I don't think Roma even believed it themselves before the match... That's amazing
Messi is a fraud
Well done to AS Roma. They went out for it. Barcelona underestimated them and have paid the price. Pat.
And Messi 

@cristiano king forever
Looks like he been retired try to win champ league like gelarard try to win the premier league 
Messi doesn't like to perform in italy
Ronaldo ucl hero never ever compare with him he is boss
again ballon d'or is for ronaldo
Don't be daft....Probably Mohammed Salah
Woowwwwwwwwwwwowwww
What a game - amazing comeback
They thought they were unbeaten. Anyway no one never knws. Indeed no one saw that coming.. #ByeByeBarcelona
Superb entertainment @fcroma_news ! Barcelona weren’t in the game. Well beaten.
Open the book of Roma chapter 3vs 0...
Thousands of kids put their Barca shirts away again
XD
Hahahahah fuck off phill  you cunt

Never seen Barca with such a possession
Up roma
Danielle de Rossi might be a 102 year-old Roman, but my goodness the guy can play football! #UCL #RomaBarça #Barcelona #RomaBarca #Roma
Ciao
Well done to Roma, amazing display... would have been easier if you didnt score 2 own goals in the first leg ;)
I said there would be a miracle and yes there was
Madrid will be champions. I hope I am wrong though. Go Reds!
I'am not Roma fans ,,,but i just hate Cules !! Iyeeeeeessss....
SENSATIONAL result congrats Roma
Bravo
Massive?
Just got lot easier for Madrid to win champions league with City and Barcelona getting knocked out let's hope Roma can keep the dream alive and win it 
Messi retirement.? Overrated by far
Here's one player not getting to a champions league final this year!

#YNWA
... but he's at least going to win the league 
good one that... When there's only 2 horses in the race mind you'd expect it.
Hey Coutinho, how does that trade look now???
Mierda
and there goes all the punditry. Football is not mathematics. Kikikikikikikikikikikikiki 
I said it, but no body believed me Roman will make it
superb roma y silence feelingz of funz
What a game!

Messi showed up in a big game!  #CR7 is 
amazing 
everything possible
congrats Roma
wot a great day. no more yellow ribbons to watch in this cl
Can't buliv this!
Sad day for Barcelona
I’m now officially a Roman Fan!! 
What have the Romans ever done for us?
 Halla! @realmadriden
Barca didnt win as Messi didnt turn up...one man show.
#ChampionsLeague Daje #Roma 
Fuck yesss!!!! Haha enjoy @Phil_Coutinho

Bad luck for the real champion #Barcelona
All Barcelona had to do was play safe...
hahahahahahaa dis is real finished
The Roman conquest is on again

@Lionel_Messi greatest of no time.. Lol
Can someone explain this to me?
Messi BOSS!!!
@AHTanrikulu  @Cristiano  I #ImamAli a.s
Legends@ASROMA
Wow and continho left @LFC for suckers
Aye, and after giving 2 away
#ForzaRoma #Roma #RomaBarca #Romalove
Messi who? Haha
Really crazy night of ucl game... 
No Messi magic... 
No courtios opening of legs tonight... 
Really happy for Champions League tonight... 
No Spanish dominance tonight.. 
Great jobs refs.. 
Great job... Italy... 
UNWO..
Football made in Italy
Visca el Barca
Come on Cules... That's football for you
Never underestimate Italian teams at home, @FCBarcelona knows as they have never won there 
Are you watching Coutinho
Unheard of! Roma beat Barcelona. Way to go lads. You got a new fan.
yes .... I hate that separatist  Barcelona shit team
impressive
#ROMFCB.....Only Allah can now stop @RealMadrid_en from clinching their third consecutive #UCL title this season. #HalaMadrid #VamosMadrid
Football is fun..........
Wow! Just wow!
Rome was not built in one day.  Yes
Congratulation Roma, great match & very entertaining
Good
Messi retires from club football
Wow deserved for Roma played some good football I would love to see Liverpool vs Roma in semi finals that be decent game!
Unbelievable i tipped FCB at the expense of Roma not knowing reverse will be the case. Good one there ROMA
Unbelievable
Hala madrid

But Sevilla is a small team
Where are all those clowns who still say #Messi is the best!!!? #Barcelona have #Messi , #Roma have a team.....
Better luck next time Barceloser
Barca..messi
Miracles still happen
What a game 
HAHAHAHAHAH
wow am so happy for roma
I see Coutinho is still in the running for a champions league winners medal
You mean a rip off on the black market?

How are the mighty falling
Better believe
Se ya @Phil_Coutinho you should've stayed. Still think moving to Barca you'd win UCL? 
Coupon buster

football is mad
Roma fans....

somewhere Coutinho is on a Phone trying to get through to Liverpool
Fuck him & Sterling!

Best play
