BREAKING: MAN CHOOSES BROTHER AS BEST MAN
I think we are all stunned by this turn of events. Thankfully we've got the BBC to keep us in the loop!
Dear god.Why the fuck is this news.
Not just news, BREAKING news!!
Yep. What is going on with Breaking News at the moment? It used to announce that someone newsworthy had died or a political peace agreement had been brokered, now it’s that Les Dennis is having a 
The theory being if the BBC can just dumb down their output a little bit more they won't need reporters or editors and can just republish press releases!
Trusted worlwide news source to establishment mouthpiece in less than 10 years ..... unbelievable

Cheers mate that's the funniest thing I have read in year's 
Not my work mate, i try to post whenever i come across a fatuous Royal headline. Posted a few times this week.
Glad I know that now, it’s been keeping me up at night. Couldn’t stop thinking about it


Breaking news. Harry has no friends.
Is this really breaking news?
The news would be really breaking news if the brother [Prince William] said no and said I'm watching the football that day.  The kick off will be delayed I imagine so wait for that breaking news. It must be a problem for supporters to organise their travel if not announced soon.
Hardly a shock is it. Also can’t you keep “breaking news” to important news that effects people rather than “that’s nice to know, now I can continue my coffee break” news....
Please make it so I can customise what notifications I receive on my phone. I want to see the breaking news but really tired of getting bombarded by the stuff like this I don’t care for or consider breaking. Love the app and notifications but need more personalisation!
Not news.
Had you taken leave that day?
I don't want to talk about it. Too painful.
Don’t tell me you’d already hired the band and the back room at the kings arms.
Reading replies for this break being like
Please rethink your definition of breaking news. When I was a kid, that meant 'Sit down, something big has happened'. Now it's 'Ooh look, a rainbow' 
A rainbow would be more interesting!
I was best man at my brother's wedding, yet nothing from you then. I'm hurt.
What even *is* breaking news? Can it be defined as "important" news, or simply any news that is just being learned of? I swore at an obnoxious pigeon this morning, is that breaking news? Or just a thing that happened? If Trump did that, it'd make headlines. WHAT EVEN IS THE NEWS?
I'm dizzy now.
Tbh, just here to see the Alan Partridge GIF that will be surely posted by somebody.

Good for him, picking his half brother. Will his dad be going?
Why is this rather dull bit of entirely obvious info "breaking news" but the Prime Minister lying to the entire country about secret immigration targets not?
And there was me thinking i'd get the gig.
am about t make a crackin spag bol so can u write an article about it please
most be the one with spag in it

Love it spot on


Wow hold the fucking press!1!1!1 a groom’s brother is going to be their best man??? This has NEVER happened before!1!1!


Breaking news alert for that? Your forelocks will be worn out from all that tugging you've done this week!
Who gives a shit

This is not worth a breaking news tweet.
It is on a slow news day lol #TVLicenceJustification 
Think il have a few beers to celebrate this wonderful fuckin news.
Half day to celebrate and we can wet the lizards head at same time .. sorry i meant baby

My stepson Paul got married two weeks ago. His best man was Peter. Just letting you know cos it wasn’t on the news.
BREAKING !
Is this really breaking news lol
My brother was best man at my wedding, too. Under what definition is this “news”? Let alone “breaking news”. Trust me, some very troubled people aside, no one is remotely interested in this.
Thank god.  I was worried
Why is this breaking news?
Why is this even news?

billy no mates
All that’s going on in the world and this is ‘breaking news’  give me strength

Meanwhile Poor Alfie Evans parents are still battling with authorities over giving him extensive treatment to save their poor baby boys life! Take your shit news about the royals and shove it up your Monarch loving arse! Breaking News have a fuckin day off! #AlfiesArmy
Is this actually news!?
News? My arse. Get a grip.
Boom. Mind blown 
Because he has no mates.
How is that breaking ffs?
How is this breaking news? This is barely news at all. C'mon, guys, figure out your alert priorities.
Ain't he got any mates then
How's this breaking news? It's not even news, never mind 'breaking'. There's serious issues going off in the world & this makes headlines??? 
Bet he doesn’t have as much material as me @BazTowers
Not a chance
My brother was my best man at my wedding - now that's breaking news @DumbJam #slownewsday #wastinglicencefee
... Slow news day
State News or State The Obvious News 

Who actually cares? Why is this breaking news?
Wonder what he's doing with his FA Cup final ticket?
I would never have guessed this
And mmm does this matter when alfie evans is fighting for his life .
Whoopee fucking doo
'Breaking news' would have been: 'Prince William will not be Prince Harry's best man at his wedding . . ' :-)))
Breaking news?
This is not news
Not news
This is what you pay your licence fee for? Fuck me.
Fuck me!!’ Give it a rest!!
@amyrosew05 like if u cri everi tyme
It honestly is 
Is this really breaking news???
Wow! What a shock!
In other news water is wet.
Unless it’s a missing case of water. Then nobody knows 
I'll check it's still in the Garage.
*BREAKING NEWS* man picks brother to be his best man.
I remember when 'breaking news' was reserved for important news
Returning the favour  !!
Oh.. I thought it was going to be me
Dear BBC, I fear I may have to stop receiving these notifications because this made me want to smash my phone.
Just breaking the brother of the groom is going to be best man at his wedding. 
Well that's a shocking and newsworthy fact in the present climate.
My congratulations to the BBC
Nae pals.
This is breaking news? Ok....
And this is breaking news because...??!!! Glad there's nothing more serious taking place in the world. God help us from the infantilisation of our news.
Really not breaking news this.
Oh my!
Didn't see that coming.. 
Can you report on the  baby your government is allowing to die and not allowing the parents to take it to get the necessary medical treatment. What’s the “Crown” doing about this.
Breaking my confidence in BBC journalism more like!
Who gives a 's b***s!
Wow what a big shock!!!
Why is this breaking news...
So Harry Hewitt picks his half blood prince for best man
Stag do will be a afternoon tea somewhere
In other News
This is breaking news but consistent govt defeats in the lords isn’t? Hmm...
Stag do in Ibiza
Phone bursts in to life in a meeting with the familiar chimes of a BBC breaking news story, everyone looks at me their faces pleading for more, I can see their eyes ‘has Trump snogged Macron or nuked Iran?’?! “Sorry guys, it’s just bollocks”!

It’s getting a bit tedious now! Enough now. Thanks
This is breaking news???
HOW THE HELL IS THIS "BREAKING NEWS" WORTHY? Tf outta here BBC
Stag do is in benidorm 
Right
Well it was hardly going to be bob the freaking builder!!
Gutted thought I was in with a chance as well , seriously who gives a flying feck
Shit !! Yet another day of #royalfamily crap. Real news please
I thought Goebbels was a shoe-in
Who's hotter?
who else is it going to bloody be
Heard they’re going to Benidorm for the Stag do..
Can you tell us how many jews will be there? Don't want any accusations of anti-semitism now, do we?
Come back, all is forgiven.
Wow
Damnit, really thought l was in with a shout on that job.
Doubt it was gonna be Sam Allardyce mate.

I bet James Hewitt is well upset...
HEY BBC! You need to re examine what is 'Breaking News'

Shock Horror Probe!  Send Panorama undercover to investigate
So fuck
How the fuck is that breaking news
Why is it breaking news who gives a fuck there are some boring people in this world that hang on every moment of some blokes wedding lol
And we care because
How can this possibly be regarded as ‘breaking news’? Man chooses brother as best man. Fuck sake...
Away and throw shite at yourself!
Was hardly gonna ask James Hewitt was he
Why did my app send me this as an urgent notification... This is not urgent news @BBCNews
Well that was a no-brainer. Who else was it going to be?
SHOCKING
I’m beside myself with apathy

Wouldn’t class as breaking news who else would he of had lol
ANNOUNCE ROYAL BABY'S NAME
The only thing that’s breaking is the BBC’s ability to generate news which is remotely interesting. 
At least this one's true.

He's basically said "ok bro, she wants to get hitched on FA cup final day. If I can't go to the match I'll be fucked if I'm gonna let you" 
Is this breaking news?  Isn't it absolutely normal?

Bet you can buy that green milk in unicorn
Space Cow Titty Milk
No better choice x
How him dash weh Hugo Boss? :)
His fiancee now wears it x
Lads on tour
You going on the stag lad? I’ve already got my mask of lizzies face. OI OI OI!
Booking Maga now r kid. Gonna get royally smashed
DILLY DILLY!
#HarryHewitt
Prince William to be Prince Harry's best man at his wedding to Meghan Markle, Kensington Palace says https://bbc.in/2I2X0ic 

Do members of the royal family have the correct papers allowing them to remain after brexit?
Good to know.. I'll take the day off.
Neither of them seem to have any other friends, so why is this 'breaking news'?
That's confidence on Elder Brother
Prince George should have got the gig.
Why is that breaking news?

Well isn’t that a surprise 

Just like that, Harry's Best Man, all the best
And who cares? So many unreported need and you guys waste out time with “royal” family. I wish there was a way to block every “royal” news on Twitter.
I would never have guessed!
Really !!!!

I wish Prince Henry well...congratulations on your planned wedding.I your fan
Quite frankly my dear I don't give a damn
Best choice
Well, that’s a scoop...
How and why is this breaking news? As if anyone was expecting anything different.
Wonder if the stag will be in Benidorm,with Sticky Vicky giving Harry a lap dance and Will getting off his nut on Sambuka.We live in hope.
This is not real news, my local pub has better news stories being told over a pint.
Under today's socialpolitical environment when a group of people weaponizes their ancestral history as a proof of being victimized in exchange for certain privilege/superiority over other groups of people, I am not sure whether the royal family will actually have a good ending.
I knew this hours ago
A ginger army officer is getting married to an America lass. Anyone bothered?
I thought that was old news!
Some ACTUAL news will be along shortly .....
His choice is sober  even if being somewhat unsociable it's not a problem causing all this critism .
What a surprise.
Some one tell me please, why this was not  expected  I just assumed, it’s his brother no? Sorry BBC but had to state the obvious......
I get married the same day as Prince Harry and I was gonna ask William to be my best man but he beat me 2 it dame
Not even close to news, haven't you got a brexit story today then? Makes a change.
zzzzzzzzz
That’s not breaking news we been knew
But what about the new Prince’s name??? #royalbaby 
I thought they already got married
This is not breaking news please!
Not quite ‘breaking news’ is it?
Seriously?!?! This was a no brainer. Who else would it be?

How the fuck is this breaking news
Is this really news though?
Effff8
Dvvccuu9
Wow... not every day you get a future king to be your best man !

Man asks brother to be best man, after being his best man. Unheard of.
Best wishes for bestest of weddings!
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 

