Wow unbelievable. How much more punishment do these innocent men have to endure?!! It’s a disgrace!
Have you read their Whatsapp messages to each other? That is what’s disgraceful here
Understanble. I’ve written distasteful messages after sex too? Doesn’t make me a criminal :/ They where proven innocent and that’s the facts 
Why?
Read the article
I have and I don’t understand. Has the girl lost her job for accusing them of rape?
No she hasn't. Why would she? No evidence to suggest she was lying. There wasn't enough evidence for the guys to be found guilty.
WOW  theres an unfair dismissal claim  Good luck Boys
No - their public actions are sufficient for dismissal - time to turf out the Neanderthals
Their actions were private though, and were only known to the public by what was a false rape allegation.
Unproven rape allegation - and even IF there was a level of consent they behaved like the complete scum - so here's hoping for nothing better than a call centre job while they consider the consequences of treating women like objects
Am I missing something here. They were cleared, but still lose their jobs
You are missing something. They weren't sacked for rape. They were sacked for bringing rugby into disrepute.
Good; Even if, and it's a huge if, it wasnt rape, whywould you want to employ animals like that. The behaviour and those messages were sick.
Behaviour as in engaging in consensual group sexual activity in their own private time?
Right.
"Consensual" - If you actually believe that after reading their disgusting messages, I am not going to argue with you.
Well the court believed it.
Yeah, juries have never got things wrong.
Where in their messages do you get that it wasn't consensual?
The bloodied clothing, the leaving in tears?
Pathetic.
An awful mistake to disregard the unanimous verdict in a court case . Are we now in the poisonous world of trial by social media . Ask parents & right minded people the damage it has done to their children & young people.
What about the young woman who falsely accused them of rape, does she lose her job as well?
Do you think every single time a man is found Not Guilty of rape that the woman is lying? Or is it just this particular case?
strong evidence to support many lie because they’re too embarrassed to admit what they did was consensual but I’m not naive enough to believe that it’s the case 100% of the time, just in this one they’ve been found not guilty on all counts and I think their punishment is unfair.
They've been punished because of the disgusting attitude they displayed towards (many) women. Not because they were found Not Guilty of rape.

BTW, if a woman ends up doing something she is embarrassed/upset about, there's a chance her choice to do it wasn't an entirely free one.
I wasn’t questioning why they’d been punished in the first place, I was merely stating that the one they received was too harsh. As for that second part I can tell your opinion on this is blinkered so I’m leaving it there.
Don't believe all these do good women out there talking as if butter wouldn't melt in their mouths, you are all hypocrites this girl performed consensual sex with two men, then sobered up regretted this and told lies, these two guys have been shot in the back by ulster and irfu
She was hysterical and in tears, bleeding, sounds very like consent
The key witness in the trial walked into the bedroom and felt that it was consensual sex with the girl not in any distress.
Maybe things changed & consent was withrawn, maybe girl didnt look very well, maybe she is sexist & so will cover for the men in that situation: plenty women are brought up to cover up mens violence, go ask any victim of priests, theyll tell you how many men & women lie abt rape
Just saying from a legal perspective it seemed to be the most critical part, when the jury had to make their decision.
Delighted. Tiny fraction of justice served.
Why sacked ? When innocent.
They were not found innocent.
They are innocent, and to any potential employers they're innocent.
The verdict is 'not guilty' and very often just means 'not enough evidence'. They weren't found innocent.
Innocent and innocent to any potential employers.
Why are you compelled to stick up for rapists?

Let's all come to our own conclusions. I have.
Innocent until proven guilty, and was found by the jury quickly to be innocent.
Notice how it’s just the guys sayings Paddy Jackson and his ‘lads’ were “innocent”?? Not guilty is not the same thing, it just means they couldn’t prove it enough. There is nothing innocent about the way they bragged about using & degrading that woman - finally SOME justice!
The presumption of innocence is fundamental in Law.
One presumes that fascist neo- feminism will soon desire to outlaw 'gang bangs in incidences where males appear to be dominant in number or activity'
I will fix your wordpress website any kind of issues. and build your personal & business website
Unfair dismissal claims coming up?
They were dismissed for bringing the game into disrepute by their evidently piss- poor attitude to women. Not for rape.
Sacked for being found NOT Guilty? Sounds like there's more to it.
I've had people 'splaining to me about their comments which got them sacked. You missed my point, which is that the Tweet mentions the acquittals & sackings, thus implying that being found not guilty is a stackable offence. Of course that's not that case. (It's other conduct.)
Wait sacked for not raping people?
 hard luck mate
More trials by social media
Oh the irony...
Good point
Any news on the person who accused them? Has she been sacked?
Soon be back in court for wrongful dismal. Unreal they’ll end up@making money from this.
No they won't
How so? If they win an appeal for wrongful dismissal (which is what I should’ve put) they’ll get a pay out right? Could be wrong though unless you know different .
I think the point is that although they were cleared in the criminal court they undoubtedly still breached club ethics etc and therefore it's unlikely they'll have a case
and rather than being cleared, you could say a conviction was not secured
Bravo! #IBelieveHer #IStillBelieveHer #MeToo
It was worth all the Hell you went through in each day of those 9 weeks.Keeping fighting for Legal justice.I am trusting that the best Legal team will come forwards to represent you and give you Legal justice, which IS what you justly deserve.I send my
For the people wondering why they were still fired, being found not guilty doesn’t mean everyone thinks you’re innocent
Wow that's a dangerous world you live in. So the course find you not guilty but because others don't agree with the jury's verdict, they can ignore it and still consider you guilty? Wow!!! Strange and dangerous world in your head.
Pretty clear that you didn't even read the article. Wow that's a dangerous world you live in. You didn't even try to read the article, yet you ignore it? Wow!! Strange and dangerous world in your head.
I read the article numpty. Now try an adult conversation to challenge my post properly! I was replying to Courtney who has a flagrant disregard for the courts decision.
I have a degree in criminology so I’m trained to look at all the facts and understand things in a wider context, unlike say the person who has a degree in football and a clear athletic allegiance 
So with your degree you must realise the danger in your original statement? Otherwise we live in a lawless society if we disregard court decisions
Why good?
Because anyone accused, must be guilty? That's worrying
Here come the claims for unfair dismissal...
This decision was taken by a small number of women within media circles putting pressure on main sponsor,these guys were all found not guilty shame on you all I urge all Ulster supporters to boycott the club and vote withyour feet,this is a travesty of media justice, shame shame
Good I wish these cowards nothing but the worst
The irony of it. No privacy in UK cost to people their jobs but in he states FB CEO Zuckerburg is dragged through the mill about people’s right to privacy. What a sad state of affairs
It’s an absolute disgrace the way these innocent lads have been treated. Why hasn’t this lying bitch been named and shamed? Why is she still allowed to hide behind anonymity?
Innocent? No, "unable to be proven guilty beyond all reasonable doubt". 

You see nothing wrong with *any* of the behaviour of these lads?
Paddy Jackson should be in jail he knows it and so do I
So much for being found not guilty and actually cleared. At what point do we stop this Salem witch trial crap. And I am a woman!
I dont think so
Good some small justice

Brilliant. #NotGuiltyIsNotTheSameThingAsInnocent #GirlsDontsDoThreesomesWithShortStumpyGingersJustBecauseTheyKickABall
Do the ‘but they were found not guilty’ people not take 5 seconds to read any of the replies explaining before posting? They admitted to shocking, disgusting behaviour, bringing extreme embarrassment to their employer. Only possible decision Ulster Rugby could have made.
Good.
Feel sorry for the guys they done nothing wrong - glad they didn't get prosecuted! #Idontbelieveher
I think you maybe don't understand what the word prosecuted means.
Proper order by the the rugby union!
They have brought the good name of the club into dishonour after reading the article there were other issues  to do with social media
sincere best wishes and may you feel the sun on your face today and breathe the fresh spring air.Thankyou for being so brave ......xx
Not only has the sun finally come out, but also this?!
Happy days 
To the Victim, I send you my love and massive best wishes. We, the public are fighting on your behalf and sending you our justice.......Now you will believe in your self courage. Be strong. A day at a time.Some days will be more gentle than others......
Unless she can provide additional proof, it didn't happen and the whole of the public is not with this liar.
Absolutely the right decision. Hopefully men will start to wake up now and realise that acting in this way will no longer be tolerated. Anyone that disagrees with this needs to check themselves! #IBelieveHer #EnoughIsEnough
Excellent news.
#JusticeForAsifa India
What is the Breaking news
Good. Pair of sickos.
They don't believe this guys are as cleared as declared on court
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Shameful decision to sack innocent rugby players.
Nothing to do with that. If you read the article it was because of their appaling use of social media towards women.
Common decency prevails over failed CJS - such behaviour will NOT be tolerated.
Fair and just as the courts couldn’t pass judgement..
best news I've heard this year
Absolutely delighted with the decision. At least their actions had some consequences - Unemployable from now hopefully.
Wow you want people to be unemployed forever even if they are found not guilty. Some of the comments on here are very scary. Just because you are accused, it doesn't mean you did it. Women do lie you know!!
You just knew it would happen, clubs in any sport have an image to protect
Austalian native Aboriginals have a curse called pointing the bone wherein you psychosamatically die. No judge. No jury. #metoo is the new bone pointing. Star Chamber. Stop it people. It builds mistrust and division. Nobody will work with women. Too risky.
Is there such a thing as a non-native Aboriginal?  Also, I don't know why you're saying no judge no jury. There clearly was a trial here - which exposed the attitudes that don't fit with the club's inclusive approach.
Bullshit
Absolutely disgusting decision. They were cleared!
But there’s thousands of people who were not at court to hear and see the evidence who know better!
@LatifaAkay
Absolutely the correct decision. They hold a privelaged social position in which they are esteemed as role models. Their treatment & language towards females is disgusting & needs to be stamped out of sport & society as a whole.
Why? Cleared of rape . they should go back to work
Justice at Last..

Our courts should be ashamed!!
Good #Ibelieveher
The court's found them innocent but that's not enough for the vigilantes PC brigade
They'll be round your gaff in ten to teach you a lesson in common decency.
I am glad they are sacked for bringing their employers reputations into disrepute. It's a business sponsors would not be happy to be associated with these idiots.
So much for clubs supporting their players. What a total shambles. I can see a few protests happening and maybe the stands might be a bit more empty.
Why should a club support a player if the player has been exposed publicly of being a misogynistic scumbag? For every guy upset by this, there are probably several female fans who are happy with it.

Why?
so will the girl who lied be brought to trial now? #doublestandards
I should think so!!!
Good. Right decision. Their attitudes towards women were revolting.

Good to see.
They have been sacked for their appalling behaviour. A little justice for the victim.
It’s time for a public enquiry after all it was only the Crown Court and a jury who found them not guilty let’s spend millions and millions of pounds to keep the liberals and women’s rights groups happy
Sadly the responses to this story are the reasons so many women and men who are raped don’t feel they are able to report it to the police.
Good.
Good
In the "N Zone"?
Good times!! #IBelieveHer #PaddyJackson
Rightly so, they were guilty of bringing their profession into disprepute
Mob rule by Twitter.

Utter disgrace. IRFU should hang their heads in shame.
You should lock yourself in a room and have a deep, deep think about this situation. They aced like animals, irrespective of their trial verdict, and that cannot be tolerated.
So should most employers monitor their employees' sex lives then? Just to see if their sexual activities meet with their approval?
When that behaviour explodes onto the front pages there's no need to monitor, is there? And this isn't about their 'sexual activities', nice attempt at a diversion there.
It's what they deserve x
Yes !!!
Boycott Ulster rugby discrase decision
It was the right decision, even though both were found not guilty in a court of law it was conduct unbecoming!
It was a private text ... even rugby players are entitled to privacy.
Nothing is private when you're accused of rape, that's the nature of the alleged transgression, your intimate details are exposed to the world.
Sorry I don’t know your lived in North Korea. I like in the UK, where you have basic human rights including privacy and “innocent till proven guilty” get off your moral high horse. Are you pure as the driven snow if EVERYHING you have every said, written was made public.
That unfortunately is the nature of this case, the individuals involved were exposed through their insensitive disgraceful Whats App behaviour "Spit Roasting" women, not a term I would use in regular life but then again I'm not a privileged prima Donna who exploits young women.
Get off your high horse. That was private. He has a right to privacy.
Delighted
@lindyloo25
Good!!
They may have been found innocent by the jury, but the whatsapp messages alone prevent them from being role models to young boys and men growing up with rugby idols.
Agreed. But just a clarification. In law no one is found "innocent" just not guilty. There is a difference.
100%, and it’s that slight semantic nuance that makes cases like this all the more fraught!
Disgraceful.
I'm not an expert but I play one on Twitter.
If they’ve shared inappropriate social media messages, as it says in the article, then that must be the reason, no?
Well that and the testimony given by experts and witnesses under oath that the girl left the party sobbing uncontrollably, lacerated internally, bleeding so badly through her jeans that her taxi driver checked if she’d soiled his back seat, with her blood having staining the bed.
There IS justice ....... now there has to be an Appeal with a Legal Council of the highest standard......
Surely the power's that be in Irish rugby have gone mad, what is the point of the justice system finding them not guilty just to be sacked afterwards, baffled beyond comprehension
It wasn't specifically for the rape but for the social media stuff they were responsible for around it, it looks like.
Good
What, Trump bombed the warehouse of chemical weapons? And where is the chemical cloud from which hundreds, thousands of Syrians should be poisoned?
Why would they be sacked if they where cleared of rape? 

Underrated tweet.
Good
Cleared ... not guilty ... but get sacked ... ?
Read the article
bbwbn
I CBA
snapé will rape us all, bebece
Good.
Why good?
Good!
Why good?
Why not good?
Good.

If they were cleared then why were they sacked?
Probably for bringing the game into disrepute.
Interesting. So being declared innocent of a crime is "bringing the game into disrepute" now? :/
Good!
