who the hell would poke that
Who pumped it?
I think a child should be brought up by a woman and a man, but there again people would probably call me
old fashioned.
I think a child should be brought up in a decent home with two parents that aren't drug addicts or alcohol abusers, but then again maybe im old fashioned
I think that a child should be bought up in a loving home, by parents that wanted to have a child and are able to care for it, feed it, teach it and give it the love and attention that children deserve - But then again, maybe I am old fashioned.
Close enough
Diane Abbott has done such exceptional work on the Windrush, holding govt to account and catching them out on their lies, while facing the most abuse on social media of any MP. The way the press instead laud someone who shadowed May for 5 years & backed 2014 Act astounds me.
You shouldnt be able to have kids
Who's going to pay the child maintenance ?
Let the homophobia from the dinosaurs commence
Spot on. It’s much easier to call someone a homophobe than to engage in reasoned discourse.
Weird guy: I don't agree with homosexuality, but I watch lesbian porn on <insert porn website here>
I think Windrush is more important.Why Don't you as a Broadcasting company?
THAT'S NOT HOW 'BIOLOGY' WORKS! THE HETEROSEXUALLY HARD #Brexit MUST MEAN A RETURN TO 'SOCIAL NORMALCY'! #RuthDavidson
i hate him, i never....UU^^%*&TI&ITU
My sweet, sweet cousin is pregnant too. I'll be watching out for when it'll be breaking here. Smh
Lovely news!
Preferable to two blokes being given a child.
Shirl, according to your timeline you were only just complaining how vile and hateful a place twitter can sometimes be. Today you contributed to that vibe. Bit confusing!
Congratulations!  
who cares.
Best wishes
Watched this being reported on Reporting Scotland last night. If she doesn't pick Brian Taylor as Godparent he's going to be gutted.
With thousands of kids needing fostered why did they go for a designer baby?
Stupid comment. You could literally say that about anyone who has a baby. "There are thousands of kids needing to be fostered. Why have you had your own?".
The point is her partner had nothing to do with it. They had to get sperm from a man. That’s the way it works. You can’t defy biology whatever way you like to spin it
Your comment has literally nothing to do with what I said. I think you commented on the wrong tweet.
Pointing out that they are NOT biologically sharing a child. Ruth is the only one having her own biological child. Her partner does not have that connection or input. Fostering means neither are having a biological child. It’s fairer 4both of them to foster
You're misinformed Simon. You take an egg from one partner then (after fertilizing it with donor sperm) implant it into the other partner. Although it's obviously not the traditional way, the child still has a part of both parents.
A part but not raised. By the way I’ve been present many times at IVF. I know what happens.
Of course the child will be 'raised' by them. Who else is going to be doing it? I'd honestly respect you more if you just said you disagree with this rather than trying to give an (ill informed) scientific and moral reason. Stand by your beliefs!
Do we give a damn?
Great news 
Blimey, that means two women will have given birth in the UK in 2018.
Don't forget Pippa...
Pippa who?
So this breaking news “A woman is having a child”. Wow I wonder what would be the next breaking news “it was actually a sperm from a MALE that made it happen”
The real news is the Tories will hate this, good for her I say but she is out of step with her party
Ehhhh? I thought she was a lezza? 
I take some slight offence to that as I’m a tall gangley bisexual with Peruvian heritage, I, like Tom Daley and Lance Black, am also looking for a surrogate mother to provide me with a child of my own.

Really? How nice for them...
The BBC's disproportionate amount of coverage of this story isn't surprising. In Scotland they basically function as Ruth Davidson's PR agency.
Congratulations Ms Davidson. By the way BBC breaking news you seemed to have missed telling the world that our neighbors cat is pregnant
Wierd.  The child must have the right to grow up to have a father and mother to be psychologically fit.
Hope it's a Boy.
Congratulations on your lovely news 
Great news Ruth!
Maybe Tom Daley is the father?
Congratualtions to the father.
I reckon her partners cock n balls did the trick
But not confused??
I'm so happy for Ruth  politics aside, this is a great moment
Congratulations
I had her in the back of my London Taxi recently but I am NOT the father. In fact, she’s surprisingly nice for a Tory!
What does Jen really think?
She’s a cutie
Most of the comments are stating that we simply don't care. Nothing homophobic about that.
I disagree there's also a fair few derogatory comments if you read them but yes I do agree it's hardly worthy news either way.
Who has the cock
Is the donor from the SNP to get her off their backs for a few months !
Poor kid
This is breaking news .. because??........
N
What is it conservatives are conserving?
First world nonsense, they should hang their heads in shame.
So is my neighbour
That’s a miracle! Divine intervention
Oh my days

It's getting fashionable is this lark
Who's the Father?
Congradulations
Many would say that we shouldn’t be engineering family. Nobody has the right to deny a child either a father or mother. Sorry but I don’t believe it’s right.
Wonder how @Jacob_Rees_Mogg  has taking the news.
Mmmmmmmmm
I find it interesting that two women can have a baby without too much abuse but two males using a surrogate to same sex parent us demonized!!
How is this breaking news?
@derrickg745 Congratulations, happy for you and your partner. Also Happy not to many Tory's like you .
Bet the bloke who had to insensate it ain’t too excited though
Who is the father?

Yass sass brilliant
2 women avin a baby....whatever next.....
How the hell do they decide which one of the two gets pregnant? ....
Lovely news, I wish her all the best. She is a great politician and I'm not conservative but I admire her
Can’t help hoping that private medical care paid for the IVF and not the tax payer via Nhs
congratulations to her - as a gay parent myself - I know this child will be so wanted and so loved. No mistake and no regrets !! @RuthDavidsonMSP Ruth is an inspiration to us all !
This is news?
The bigger question is did @RuthDavidsonMSP Name her dog Wilson AFTER or BEFORE she met her wife to be Jen Wilson... is it Jen’s dog? Is Jen a narcissist? Or is it Ruth’s and Is it an act of homage but to who, Jen or the spaniel?? Who says politics is boring...
@Liammcg88 is the father.
Immaculate conception was it? What BS.
Don’t know what’s more hilarious: The actual news or the comments in this thread 
Babe Ruth - one hell of a player!!!!!
Woman pregnant ..its been happening for thousands of years..this is not important news.
What the F*ck is the world coming to? Two degenerates being celebrated. Go figure.
Ugh!
Cannae be bothered with the woman but.....awe the best, congrats
its a miracle !
not what I would call conservative
As long as the child is raised in a warm and loving household that’s all that matters ....
Many congrats to you and your partner, may the little one know only happiness and joy in life.

I wonder what got into her?
Well done on whoever impregnated her!
Yuk. A fake family. The child will spend a life in counselling just to give a pair of lesbians a trophy
Oh boy! We she totally get excited that another bureaucrat is having a baby! Feck off.... NO ONE FECKING CARES!
but how?
BREAKING: Woman is pregnant.
in a few years the child will ask: who is my father ? 
Some of these comments are vile. I hope Twitter blocks these dinosaurs
Congratulations to you both 
"Breaking News" 
The world is now devoid of morals.
Wonder who donated the sperm?
How the fuck!!!
She better hope it’s twins because nobody is gonna bang that twice!
partner Jen Wilson "excited and wondering how i got her pregnant"
That is nice news, I hope they will be very happy.
Who gives a shit, put homeless people on the news instead of bullshit like this, people get pregnant everyday.
Look on the bright side. The Maternity leave will benefit Scotland !!!!
There you go hen courtesy of a caring government
I’m sure she and her partner will make great parents. Good luck and congratulations!
Congratulations Ruth, I can't believe the horrible vile comments on here , horrible people just no need to be so vile about another human being.
Sure it's not just indigestion 
Conceived the natural way then
Do one poor baby
It's a grudge baby.....
Someone had it in for her!
The vile homophobic comments from some (mostly men) on here are absolutely disgraceful. Shame on Twitter for allowing them 
I am in total agreement & I have reported the worst of them it’s shameful in 2018
Bothered 
For years I’ve been saying that the child’s welfare should be secondary to gay rights. I have been vindicated.
How's this newsworthy?
Certainly don’t wish anyone with such joyous news any ill so congratulations Ruth and Jen on your happy news.  I just hope that parent hood and the added pressures and insight it gives you takes some of the hard edges off of Ruth and her values and thoughts
Who is the father of the baby? Why has he been neatly airbrushed out of this cosy arrangement.
Good point...you still need sperm to make a baby and I understand that is produced by...wait for it...MEN. There a quick factual biology class.

Tory Council candidate resigns after calling for ‘Gays to face DEATH PENALTY’ 
https://evolvepolitics.com/tory-council-candidate-resigns-after-calling-for-gays-to-face-death-penalty/ …
Let’s hope it never needs free school meals
@GhandyOrr
How lovely, congratulations @RuthDavidsonMSP
Are @BBCBreaking responsible for the disgusting homophobic comments in this thread like @jeremycorbyn is for antisemitism on Labour pages ?
Wonderful news!
Has Jen got a cock?
Have you got a brain

Why is this trending on Twitter?  Their having a baby. And?

The vile  comments on here from mostly Nationalists or idiots....take your pick... sums up the Scotland that has been created by..... yeh you guessed it...Nationalists.
What vime comments? Subjective term that. I don't see any.
No wonder Muslims think Britain is ripe for the taking!
Poor little one #wanker

I cannot abide the Tories. But please Twitter, stop with the moronic tweets about her looks or her and her partner's sexuality. It's pathetic.

Lovely news, congratulations to them both.
Does it make the sperm donor liable for child support when they split up?
NO ONE CARES
Sure not a father!
Jen Wilson had nothing to do with it.
Doesn’t look so much as conceived as eaten....
Any homophobic comments should be reported. I'm not a fan of her or The Tories but vile comments are unacceptable.
I don't see any of note. Are you just wishing for offence so you can play the offence card?
HOAX - IT IS REPORTED BY THE BBC.
Was it on NHS? I am waiting for an operation.
Relevant.
Congratulations to you both...amazing news....
Congratulations to Ruth!
Maybe she took a ride in fake taxi 
"Breaking"
Why is this news?
Congratulations to them both x
Well she cannot lie about this it will show in the coming months  she won't be able to hide it
@daily_politics  ……Excited? I’d have thought it was a miracle! How incredibly selfish, two mothers no father!
I can't believe this was delivered to my phone as a "newsflash". So what, is she expecting the warmest of congratulations? She'll not have to visit any #foodbanks for baby formula, that's for sure. #leech
Who is the father then? Lucky chap!
Just the one Alan partridge gif so far....disappointing
This isn’t newsworthy
The modern age is too mad for words!
Some rather disgusting misogynistic tweets here.
"Who's the Daddy".... like the ray winstone film.
Congratulations to all the parents involved
I knew that tank would come in useful !!
Wouldn’t touch her with a ten foot turkey baster

Miracle!
Congratulations wishing you all the best
Sperm donor.
Did you work that out on your own?
Mensa's loss is twitters gain
Dont know much about Ms. Davidson, but I wish her and her partner well on her pregnancy. I dont see a need to mention any of her other labels. :) Congrats
Who's the father?
Congratulations :)
Why not adopt a child.
I'm on the thought of if you can't have a child within the relationship thea why not give a child a home by adoption she's a politition and is fully aware of the number of children who have family.
Yeah but it's not a binary world is it. We don't make decisions for out fancies of anyone else's based on their circumstances. This is just the option they chose. Thousands of couples have IVF every year. People should only adopt if that's their wish or adoption will be painful.
But what happens when this child realises that her partner is not actually related to her and throws the 'your not my mum card' (as teenagers can do)  plus why did my dad not want me.

I just worry for all these created to order kids later in their lives.
Adoption would create the same issues, no? 
The child will have more to deal with when it realises it's mother ran a Tory party no doubt.
Haha good one but hey she has a defence and can explain that if she didn't then this idiot called corbyn would have destroyed through UK 
They havent ripped the mask off yet.
BBC breaking news mean the lady should not has got pregnant but her husband. Every woman gets pregnant if she met with a man........There is nothing breaking in it
Tweet of the day
Why have you not taken regular programmes of air to run coverage of this story?
Er 39???
Peter Kay looks chuffed to bits 
@sammyjess19
Who could possibly have guessed?
Ooh, I hope Simon McCoy got to announce this, he’ll be so thrilled. I know I am.

Maybe she will start caring more for children rights now and stuff backing all these cruel cuts that are affecting so many children in the uk

Err why is this breaking news?
Lovely news for her, but still not actually news for anyone else. Can we quit sending out alerts for famous people’s private lives? If you wouldn’t interrupt the live broadcast for it, it shouldn’t be breaking news.
Great point
Poor, poor child!
Why?
