Oh are you fucking kidding me. WHICH TITLE IS CORRECT? This story is 24 minutes old and you've changed the title repeatedly
None of them. It should read: Massive inflation in management salaries & bonuses distorts pay figures.
You literally tweeted the exact opposite of this statement 3 hours ago 
Get it right for once BBC check your previous tweet (Tory propaganda)
That is the way capitalism works.
That the best bit of BS I've read in a while. I'm still waiting for my pay rise from last year which is still under negotiation. MP's get a whacking increase, while mere minions like me end up getting a pittance of 1%.
Do you know how averages are calculated?
By the office of national statistics would be my guess. They probably came up with their figures as the minimum wage rise.
Only if you’ve had a pay rise at all. Not had one in around 10 years.
The Bullingdon Broadcasting Corporation talking utter tosh as usual.
Pay squeeze comes to an end?. Utter SH1TE. People still using food banks.Families going without. Real terms my arse. So much misinformation it stinks. In real terms,wages are like they were 10 yrs ago.Where do u get ur figures from?
True ...my pay is same as i was earning 10yrs ago...only difference is now i have to work more hours to earn that much and have to pay more council tax and other bills
#bbcnews = #fakenews

It's a joke. They are laughing in the face of the working man.
Not for NHS staff who still are facing a 1% pay cap which means loosing a 1.9% in real terms!
according to the bbc ,wages should be going down,because of brexit. but hey despite of the bbec bias,they are going up.
BBC talking Pish as usual.
Utilities have gone UP, Council Tax has gone UP, Pension Contributions have gone UP, Food & fuel prices yo-yo. So there goes my wage rise of around 50p an hour to cover these, just as millions of other hard working folks have too....
Ha ha ha ha ha is it April fools day
Any lucky one who got 2.8% rise...
Plenty would be more than happy with that. I know of people who have had no rise of any sort for a couple of years.
If these are Gov figures we don't know if they are True! Never trust government.
Not including the huge forced increases in pension contributions?
Another year of no pay rise but they might give us an extra day off a year.  Most companies are only paying their NMW staff a rise because they legally have no choice.  If the average has gone up, someone somewhere is getting huge rises to balance the rest of us!
Extra day off u kidding...my compay took off one annual leave from us and we have to work on all bank/public holidays and weekends and unsocial hours
Self-employment should be the aim of true #democracy
Lovely. Considering the number of poor sods still disgustingly stuck at 1% by this shit shower, quite a few other people must be getting above inflation rises.
Average wages went up?  Rubbish. Oh, and I believe there are no unemployed, are there?
Complete and utter rubbish —/ people are struggling out there ... the working class can’t even afford to get there teeth done ... ridiculous !    Don’t believe the false hype
Wow you guys are so biased you will literally moan about good news. Impressive.
It is not good news.
Not round here they didn’t ..,
That would be the compulsory living wage kicking in then.
Well, which is it?
Absolute Bullshit.....fake news at it's best.
My wages didn’t go up at all!
Nothing to see from @Mitie_TSM or @mitie
Care to comment #bbcnews? #wagegrowth
@Vodaphone_Care have just put my bill up 3.6% in line with inflation they said.
Tory spin doctors at it again are they?!
Except for some jobs,
My math may be a bit off, but 2.8% is 0.1% lower than 2.9% right? Which means it's still not equal to inflation. Or has mathematics changed over the years?
Jobless rate fell to 4.2 according to just released data.
To those whinging about this - why not be proactive and look for higher paying work?
Britain's cost of living squeeze eases  as pay overtakes  rising prices of essentials.
Lucky for some. Not had a pay rise for over 3 years.
Don't think Lord Adonis will be too happy about this tweet #biasedbbc 
Like hell they did .. my wage CUT of 16% last year will never be made back in my working lifetime. 
Pay squeeze comes to an end but is still below inflation, so basically we’re still poor
BBC have started ‘U’ turning on this utter crap, their government advisers must only work early am.
What absolute and utter bull$hit.
Unless your public sector of course and the austerity we were told that would last 2-3 years enters its 7th year!!
Except for those in the public sector of course.
If Everyone gets a raise at the same time, nothing changes. That’s called inflation.
I think you said something slightly different earlier - or is this the more detailed figures?
My bank account still says I’m poor.
Ha. Ha. Right!  Sounds like typical BBC hogwash to me.
Average wages went up by 2.8% in three months to February, still below 2.9% inflation rate, according to Consumer Prices Index

http://bbc.in/2qCpiaX 
if you read the story the 'rise' is calculated including housing costs?
Capitalism doesn’t work.
It does. I’m doing great.
So they went up but didn’t keep up with inflation meaning that in reality, we’re still poor and unable to afford anything. Thanks for the reminder I guess.
I can smell a strong whiff of contradiction...
My thoughts exactly
Shame nothing else is.
read what you posted there is still a squeeze otherwise you got your figures wrong!

a a a and they say brexit is bad well there is proof ladies and gentleman a 2.8% increase go suck it remoaners
I didn't get anywhere near that much (find one person that did, they're all city bankers pushing the average up) and my workplace is being closed down in the next few years as a direct result of no longer being in the EU, so I'll carry on thanks.
absolutely fake news i love the unite kingdom and as a citizen of unite kingdom EU is very evïl and brexit is good yes
Except for our public sector colleagues
Yep. We’ve had fuck all. Literally 0% rise 
Wrong,  at 2.8% wages outstripped inflation for the first time since January 2017.
But of course the #bbc finds the negative spin
So that's a net cut of 0.1%
So did they or didn’t they?
