آمریکایی‌ها از داشتن چنین رئیس جمهوری احساس شرم می‌کنند و واقعا هم شرم آور است برای ملت آمریکا که چنین رئیس جمهور نادان و احمقی را دارند
#JusticeForAsifa India

#UK planted the chemical.  #FalseFlag busted!  @theresa_may #NotInMyNameTheresaMay
https://twitter.com/sahouraxo/status/984878492587261952 … 
So much for let's make America great again : (
Tulsi Gabbard: Launching an attack on Syria that would weaken the Syrian military will strengthen terrorist groups like ISIS, Al-Qaeda and others who are all seeking to overthrow the gov’t and establish their own caliphate…
NOT approved by Congress
BREAKING: Tulsi Gabbard demands answers from Defense Secretary James Mattis on attacking Syria
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3G2tPs3aZyU&feature=youtu.be …
Suspect Russia of spy poisoning, suspect Syria of chemical attack, with no evidence. What the hell
Please Trump extend missiles to African Leaders too
We have NATO countries being sensible about humanity issues(70 dead civilians), when there is no point for Syrian government to use chemical weapons and you have no proof, just staged videos. Where were you when by the end of April 2014, 8,803 children had been killed(UN)in Syria
Hi,
  I am a WordPress Developer & Designer. Now i help you to fix / edit your Design .
  Font,color,menu,logo,sidebar,margin,position & other etc.
  so Contact with me & Order.
Trump hasn’t got a clue what is happening.
He keeps looking around for inspiration.
There is a lot at stake here and he should not be leading his country.
The prospects are frightening! 


Watch that brave young journalist from Damascus, Syria. Not the fake news like yours.
Trump better keep his big Yankee gob shut or we’ll all pay the price!
As George Galloway stated last week about the official story of the Salisbury charade. " If you believe this story, you are not a sheep....a sheep is clever than you ....you are an IDIOT.
God forbid these 2 Presidents even thinking of any "Actions" oovrt the Chemicals dropped in Syria. Putin take your FORCES home. Trump let NATO patrol the seas and borders.
And all of this sabre rattling and talk of destroying people and infrastructures with possible escallation to all out war between super powers, is based on a video provided by discredited murdering thugs who have falsified videos in the recent past. Realy crazy.
POTUS & SYRIA : A THREAT FOR ASSAD IS ADDRESSED TO RUSSIA WHO IS JOINED SYRIAN WAR MUCH LATER THAN U.S. INCIDENTALLY HOW MANY MISSILES DID U.S. FIRE AT ISIS STRONGHOLDS TO CONTROL THEM ? WERE ISIS TREATING SYRIANS KINDLY ?
.
Where the free world does not save Syrian children from the chemical
Fake
False they don't nothing
It's time to talk face to face with Putin and Assad NOT attempt military action Trump! No one will win military intervention it will just lead to more death and suffering. When will they learn!

The monstrous face of terrorism that our governments & state media megaphones are promoting as "freedom fighters" in #Syria. No rebrand will ever be enough of a make-over for these criminals & murderers. #Douma …
This man is a menace ..ffs the world is at peril over this..inocent always get hurt.
For Gods sake lads have a heart.  Don't start dropping bombs until Game of Thrones has finished.  I'll be RAGIN' if I get nuked before I find out what happens!!


Don't go to war over Syria, they wouldn't give a toss about us. Let them fight it out themselves.
He won’t fire anything. All hot air.
This man is an idiot
The new ufc fight 
Trump vs Putin
Thrump, can you fire up a dozen Nuclear bomb into Syria?
Trump is full of crap. He is just a sh*t talker..


USA & Russia are playing proxy war in Syria.This fire will go back to them.If USA uses MOAB in Afghanistan & Iraq it is justified.what a hypocrisy.
What does means the proxy wars? Only Russia was oficial invited by Siria gvmnt. Other countries include USA are invaders.
So when they're launched he'll finally get his chance to say "The missiles are flying. Hallelujah, hallelujah!"
(For those who don't get the reference, check out original Dead Zone movie about a psychotic president, elected by the blue collar vote who is intent on starting WW3).
#ImpeachTrumpNow
This is probably the dumbest tweet I’ve seen this week.
American Govts always adopted a policy to provide weapons amongst the rival countries and made an agenda among them and back the  favourite one for mass killings,resourses and much more
I think he will destroy not just syria , also syrians.i will remind all if he do his threatens ,isis will be in all places that syrian army may be leave it .
Thirsty for more blood...over million people died by USA in recent years...it's funny how world knows their intentions but would still keep their mouth shut. But hey look back in history...nothing last forever. Every dog has its day. What goes up must come down..God's test 4 u
Trump you really are a fool there a far better ways to deal with Syria than the button more innocent lives will be lost to many egos to dictators think life think mankind 
I find it a little too convenient that whenever these chemical attacks happen there's always loads of children involved. Way too convenient and staged. As if Assad would target children with chemical weapons for NO reason.


Will World War III be started over a lie? http://theantimedia.com/syria-chemical-weapons-attack-lied/ …
In the words of Country Joe Mcdonald and the Fish.   Whoopee we're all going to die 
If you are young Google the song
Read your Bible. Have Faith in Jesus Christ. Then don’t worry About it. It’s all in his hands.
Something to increase your faith ---
these amazing 3-minute #Bible videos:            
http://www.biblethought.net/3-minute-videos.html …
Packed with Bible information.
Also:
#Salvation >>>  https://www.biblethought.net/gods-plan.html 
Was NAPALM a Chemical weapon? Trump and May have short memories. But of course Trump missed the Vietnam War because of his sore feet.
agent orange
I don't want war, however when innocent children & vulnerable dies by barbarians who are cowards I look at the military action and say welcome... Donald Trump may be many things but he loves children and I admire his compassion...
We really don’t need another world war
Putin threatens to shoot down American Tomahawks.
Are we bothered???
This was said by the Chief of the General Staff of the Russian Armed Forces, Army General Valery Gerasimov 13.03.2018. And not only rockets but their carriers will be destroyed
Skripal affair, Russia threatens "Consequences".
Syria, Russia threatens "Repercussions".
Go bully someone else Putin!
Do you believe in this?:
Putin:
I have elections in a week, I need to poison someone, and put the elections in jeopardy.
Assad:
Trump was going to leave Syria! I need to stop him! I'll arrange a chemical attack in the village, which is already almost under my control.
I don't think Putin would be dealing with little people like Skripal, but somebody in Russian intelligence did.
(The KGB is alive and well even with a different name)
I don't think Russia used chemical weapons in Syria, but probably Assad did and Russia supplies Syria.
"somebody in Russian intelligence did" - What for? Substituting Putin? Was it a traitor? How does your media explain this?
My media explains nothing it merely reports.
Skripal was a traitor to Russia, KGB (as was) decided to exact justice upon him.
He was in a Russian prison since 2006. In 2010 pardoned and exchanged for another spy. He lived in the UK until 2018 ... spent material, punished and no one needed
#Twitler rattles his tiny personal saber
All those US voters who elected Trump&consider themselves "patriots" - well, you'll get yr chance to prove it soon, by cadet bone spurs.
This is madness. We don't know who did it or if it was done at all. Dragging us into a war with Russia would be a disaster.
.
Whatever happened to the element of surprise?  Trump acts like he's playing a video game - one day he'll suddenly realise its all real but its too late because he blew half the world up
Coming

#Ukraine; #Russia; #war; #aggression; #savages
Be ready! 
Get your own house in order. Why would you tweet about a potential attack? Get yourselves sorted out USA this man is unstable and threatening peace.
T IS INDIGNANT TO READ THE DECISION OF THAT JUDGE, WHILE HUMAN BEING HAVE LIFE SIGNS AND HAVE MORE TO LIVE, ENGLAND WAS ALWAYS HUMANITARIAN, BUT THIS IS WORSE Q THE NAZI GERMANY .. IT WILL RECEIVE ACCOUNTS FOR THIS
Syria, Iraq & Afghanistan are only playground of superpower countries for massacre & blood bath and weapon test. they want vacate this lands for capture. nothing else...
What kind of idiot has the USA thrust upon the world? - Seriously, just when you think it couldn’t get worse! @realDonaldTrump @UKParliament
Nothing will happen it's just a war of words.
الضربات الامريكية مجرد تسلية خاطر للعرب والدليل توجية تحذيرات قبل حدوث الضربة بما يعني ابتعد وحرز ما لديك من ممتلكات فسوف نظرب حتى يرضى عنا من ناخذ منه مقابل هذه الضربة . ضرباتهم ليست من اجل العدل - بل من اجل المال
He became too agitated after seeng the clip about cleansing floors

Send the mother between their eyes tonight and wake Assad up
What a dick!
Somebody has thought why to Assad to use chemical weapon? the only beneficiary is fascists from the USA.
Haven’t read Art of War for awhile but I think warnings aren’t included
Old has driven out of mind. be ready to lose the 6th fleet.
What is Putin’s interest in chemical weapons used on innocent Syrians ? Who’s he in bed with ? Why isn’t he attacking genocide and Assad?
World is now full of guided missiles with misguided people.. both may anytime go out of control..
#Trump #TrumpRussia
Yes well, he's not exactly a mastermind of military strategy. 
Or grammar. 
Or moral decency.
Is this real. Are we going to war on NO EVIDENCE. On a made up story. the US Government is sick in the head. The people of US and UK must rise up against this madness.
Trump told Russia to get ready for missiles? Please tell me I'm having a daymare. It'll end in tears.
All this aggressive posturing Carried  out by the peoples of the world ? No just a few power crazed Morons at the top we are to busy living one day to the next. Want to kill us all? We can’t stop you . me I’m going to try and live in peace until the day you kill us all
So Syria with support from Russian gas the population, now the U.S. wants to get the rest with bombs. Syrians are really screwed
I hope Mr. Trump comes to his senses. Just because others have put a gun in his hand does not mean he has to pull the trigger. Their agenda is not his and hurling Cruise or Tomahawk missiles will not buy thei support.
Is going to spank poot teen
It’s a new age of investment, with new products and innovations, even new risky crypto currencies. One new innovation you can count on is space mining due to the sheer fortunes that can be made. Thanks to the Space Act we the people can now take part: http://WSMCR.org 
Is he planning hand over all missiles to moderate rebels and quit?
The first should land in Mueller's lap.

He’s backed himself into a corner now, if he does nothing he will lose any credibility he had left
John Bolton can't believe how lucky he is. Is able to persuade US President to bomb, bomb, bomb.
condemned chemical attack
Russia is using chemicals in the UK, they are using it in Syria, Russia is hacking every computer system for corruption and intelligence, but no the UK public want to defend Russia and Syria, please stop the world I want to get off.
Anti-Russia propaganda everywhere.


Did the "humanitarian" travel ban expire yet? So at least the Syrian civilian can seek protection in the Trump land? :/
I think that Trump or World must solve one tangled chain one by one
In the report it was a content that if Russia is targeted within the range of the United States it will cause a serious situation
@UN
However, I heard from the people in Syria that the truth might have been brought to a certain place in Germany only by mobile phone
but,
All beings that have destroyed the peaceful country are great defect @guardian @washingtonpost @theintercept
Here in africa we are still for fighting for food, shelter and clothes
यूपी का वर्तमान खबर भी दुनियाँ के सामने लाएं
Time to start stockpiling tins of beans and bottles of Irn Bru, I think ! 
Its a catastrophe the whole bloody thing
The man trying to get us killed, oh well
Given the extend of the geographical knowledge in the US cabinet one better moves to the shelter now
LET LOVE SAVE THE DAY 
Some people are just full of shit arent they? #plebeian
Remember a few months back when Trump used the same tactics with North Korea? Remember all the blah blah WW3 blah nukes blah blah retards shouting, but look what has happened. North Korea now seeking peace talks with south and giving up on nukes.
Except this is not North Fucking Korea...
I can only hope Trump is just pretending to be a tough guy, or trying to deflect attention from his other problems.
always ready, mr LittleRocketMan))
How about his complaints about Obama telegraphing his next moves. Never mind this president has a several case of memory loss and it looks like his followers too
He better pray they dont get ready
I think the UN and middle eastern countries should be handling this.  Not the US.
This just is...Trump is a Russian stooge.
Trump signed the sentence to America. Less than 24 hours left before execution.
grow up the pair of them
Resident's Twitter is not OpSec safe.
Only i can say god take the wheel ,and help the syrians
Hit Syria very hard. Ensure you teach them and Russia a lesson they won’t forget.use any weapons necessary and more importantly,powerful enough!!
Hit Syria very hard to keep the war machine busy and the arms contractors rich.
Agree totally... but it would be the second time the West let such an attack go unpunished..Obama the intellectual had no stomach for standing up to the bullies that are Putin/Assad.
The US has military bases in more than 130 countries, has invaded countries using false accusations and is trying once more to do the same thing with propaganda and fake news. Maybe if you sink deep in the sea our planet would be fine
You support and approve of gassing civilians
And he meant it. Get ready. Pull your troops back to safety. Move critical equipment. Let him put on his show. Then resume the massacre. Remember in his campaign, giving your enemy information on your military strategy is stupid.
President Trump
He is such a d*
I'm ready for the sweet release
The whole world is watching! This is more than one time! Peace-loving people around the world! Is the power and unity of justice just because of the power of evil? ! This is not just provoking a country, but provoking the world!
This is as a consequence of the West's misadventure in #Libya. A once prosperous country has become a failed state. Why the hell do you people love armed conflicts?
Today is the day of Salvation, repent of your sins, believe in Jesus, our Lord and Savior, because tomorrow might be too late. See you in Heaven...
I will respect U a lil More DT if u go ahead with the bombing of the Syrian regime !   Russia is just a mutt that just barks loud with no bite
You must have great respect for all the years of bombing numerous countries and all the killings. Why stop now I suppose.
Broadcasting on Twitter is not the way.....
"Response to chemical attack"? Then WHY did he not attack the Ruskies over Salisbury? Oh wait that was an MI6 scam - right!
But According to MSM for the past year i was led to believe Trump was Putin’s lackey. This doesn’t make sense.
Not you BBC your cool
Obviously the answer here is to kill people humanely.
So much for not letting them know of their plans. Lol
I'm so disappointed in the human race. What good comes of reducing the planet to something no one ( not you in your gold tower, or you in your Moscow bunker ) can continue to live on. Why do the leaders of nations seem in such a hurry to be about the end of humanity?
Why no tweet criticising Assad? It’s all Trumps fault?
'It says leaders of nations' so by that I mean all! Not just the 2 currently having a cock jousting contest
If Obama had dealt with this years ago with crossing the red line then we wouldn’t be in this situation, I wonder if Obama will get a complete pass due to the love in he had, ?????
I'm Syrian/American, we MUST eliminate Bashar Assad, he is brutal despot who murdered one million innocent Syrian people with support from Iranian sectarian mercenaries. Chemical killers who committed holocaust in Syria should face the justice.
striking assad is the right move.

would just be nice if there wasn't a child at the helm of the operation.
This guy is just picking a fight!
We don't need no water let the motherf*%er burn! BURN!!!!!!
It shows that they wanted to used the attack to cover up the investigation about the fake news of chemical weapons used by maybe their back rebellious to frame http://Assad.Am  not in support of ??but investigators first .
Oh god! This is how WWlll will start if we are not careful. I hope that idiot May doesn't send in our military.
Where’s this ‘America First’ shit he keeps going on about?

Fk you tHump, fix Flint and Puerto Rico before you call out someone else.
Whatever happened to not telling your enemy what your planning?
And suddenly, we’re at war! What an irresponsible & careless dolt, unworthy of the office he holds. His flighty whims of psychosis impact the quality of life of all humanity. As citizens of the world, we didn’t choose this, ffs. Grr. #ImpeachTrump #NoWarInSyria
You should listen to this 6-minute long BBC interview with Peter Ford, former UK ambassador to Syria: https://youtu.be/3j_Z1f84Ps8 . "How has it profited Assad... Engage your brain". We're being frogmarched towards war on the basis of a lie.
LEAVE SYRIA ALONE!!!!!!
The US finally getting its wish for war with Russia....there must be big smiling faces in Washington D.C. I don't remember seeing any UNSC member States threatening the US with missiles for lying about WMDs in Iraq and their war crimes committed there!? We humans really forget.
The mans a liability ffs 
Hey I know. The ppl of Syria need more bombs and devastation to fix it. *trump logic
Not convinced by pictures of children being hosed down following alleged chemical attacks. Looks staged to me. Who has most to gain from manipulating the west to react? Assads opponents? Israel?
We fucked
Well, that makes perfect sense. Tell the Russians what you’re doing ahead of time as a spot of male bravado and giving the enemy time to get out the way, huh?
God help the innocent who will lose their lives :(
Putin thanks you for the smart, nice advance notice.
#NotInMyName
Apart from making a very bad situation much worse, it is the innocent who are likely to bear the brunt of the missle strikes.
@realDonaldTrump the only guy that can put a smile on Putin face
yes. And this is the evident chemical being shown to everyone in the UN..
My God this man frightens me. It isn’t Call of Duty he’s playing; he’s inciting a war. Please someone change his bloody Twitter password!
Here he goes with drawing a red line talking blah blah=making united states weak

Really , sure he telegraphs his moves ,,, BBC so out of touch .
Trump is his own worst enemy. The markets are negative for the year because of this moron. He doesn’t know when to shut his big damn mouth. Count me as another unhappy trump voter. The Democrats don’t need Mueller… Trumps Committing suicide.
Carson said it clearly they have never proved it was Assad. With this attack or that one before. But they have proved the US government lies to start wars. Vietnam was false flag. Iraq was one fat lie... Yet you still dont understand
Bring it on. Our cesspit of a world needs a massive war. It’s about time anyway. It’s a natural cycle and will go on and on. Could be the last one if it gets out of hand and it will be well deserved.
Yep. Everyone completely overlooks the fact nature will always maintain equilibrium. We have no control over it. It’s no coincidence the world is run by narcissistic weirdos with itchy trigger fingers. It’s population control for when diseases fail to keep numbers in check.
Russia might finally find a reason to deploy the Tsar Bomba. We had a good run. 
Are we looking at the Third world war. 

Wish diplomacy and patience be given a chance.

Iraq is a classical example of miscalculation. 
Unsustainable proof of nerve agent in UK. 

Time to introspect ARE WE MAKING PLANET EARTH -A LIVING HELL OR A SAFE PARADISE FOR NEXT GENERATION
who is attack chemical
all good just another war for no real reason with real consequences. someone pointing finger at russia look at the US history starting with genocide of indians for profit with neverending wars for profit foreverafter before you say anything. This could be the last one
Superpowers testing new weapons in a foreign land...that’s all it is.
#ProtestWar #Wardrums less complaints, more action by the People of every Nation, psycho politicians need kicked out!
So much for any element of surprise. Trump would look weak and foolish if he backs down now. Now looking very serious.
I thought in Trump's military we didn't broadcast when we were going to attack.
Know this about World War III.
Republican in the USA,is a party of http://War.No  doubt
