Life sentence is 16 years in Denmark
That's not true. The average time served by life-time prisoners is about  16 years due to being paroled, but there are people currently serving  sentences for +30 years.
Ok we have 2 people who served +30years. 16 years is a thump rule for info to people outside of Denmark. Trail will now be restartet in "Landsretten"
I understand what you mean, but I think we should strive to be as accurate and precise as possible, don't you agree?
In Denmark a life-sentence isn't really a life-sentence. It's only a small handful of years.
The authorities psychologically profiled him as a serial killer, ie can't be rehabilitated so he can't be released on that
It doesn't matter now anyway, as the case has been appealed... so round 2 is on now.
Dane here: The 16-year thing is often misunderstood by foreign media. It will be much longer for this guy. “Life in prison” in Denmark does not have a time ceiling, but is determined by either the passing of the inmate or approved parole.
They appealed the sentence, so now the circus begins again.

The hell those parents must be going through :(

He should get life as in all his life, not just part of his life. Kim gets no 2nd chance, neither should he.
Just my view of course.
I don’t disagree. Im more than happy to see him incarcerated for the rest of his life. I was just trying to “debunk” the myth that life imprisonment in Denmark means 16 years. 
Well, not in all cases. But you're right, a murderer of two men got life and was released on parole after 32 years, according to the BBC
One can only hope that Peter Madsen constantly drops his bar of soap in the jail shower room.
Who? Has a submarine? And if you knew someone that did, why would you get on it? Have you seen a Bond film?
The terror and pain she would have suffered as he tied her up, stabbed and tortured her for his own sexual satisfaction. Life in prison is not enough. treat him fairly, and put him through the same pain and fear he put her through, sadly thats real justice
Submarine killer shud be executed
ୈ #GoldenStateKiller ୱ Source in theୃIslamic◇State's Military଼to Amaq:
The deathୃtoll of the killed regime଼soldiers in Tadamunୃneighborhood in southern଼Damascus rises to 16
Chop him up too! Sicko
He should be locked up,and the key thrown away..Sick man..
 #GoldenStateKiller >> 3 #Syrian army tanks*are damaged during^the ongoing*confrontations with^Isla°mic◇St°ate fighters*in Qadam neighborhood^in southern Damascus

EDM M POWER DYNAMIC CUTE BABY POP~ 
How does one own a submarine? Was this simply a boat?
Yes 8 years out in 3
tnx
 #GoldenStateKiller ☆ 11 Nusayri Army's~Personnel are Killed¤after Their Failed~Attacks Towards the¤South of Dimashq https://twitter.com/orfap904zc9bli/status/989283476842172416/photo/1pic.twitter.com/387PxLcRA5 
 #GoldenStateKiller >> 3 #Syrian soldiers*are sniped and killed*in Tadamun neighborhood*in southern Damascus
● #GoldenStateKiller •• Two Federal Police⊙elements were•killed in confrontations⊙with Islamic◇State fighters,•south of Daquq, in⊙Kirkuk
BREAKING: Criminal must go to jail
RIP beautiful lady
on or in #bbc?

EDM BABY GLENN MEDEIROS SONG~ 
Meanwhile, the BBC have today declared Amol "Idiots and Scum" Rajan to be non-abusive.
Should be given death penalty!
We don't have that in Denmark. And thats a good thing. Even though he is an massive murderous a-hole
I figured you guys should not get death penalty in Denmark. Here in Brazil we do not have it either!
Anyway...he will get his "real" sentence in prison...
Yes... its justice working!

Rest in piece
Madsen can apply for parole after 12 years in prison. "No parole" does not exist in danish law.
Nice 
If only a life sentence meant life in prison.
@MyFavMurder @KarenKilgariff @GHardstark !!!!!!!!!
Good. He deserves to rot in prison.
Life in prison is not enough. He should feel the same fear, pain he provoked to this young lady, and after receive the final punishment he used with her. Death.
Why the need to call him an "inventor" he didn't invent submarines, rockets, torture or dismemberment. He is a killer. A murderer. Not an inventor
An eye for an eye?
#PeterMadsen #KimWall

A monster. This is what the death penalty would be for.
Well thats good. Crazy bastard.
Let me get this straight a journalist goes to interview a rich inventor who at the meeting tortured than killed her.

EDM cute baby POP  
Piece of crap should be thrown in the ocean with an anchor chained to his feet
Just read about this for the first time. Such horror. Can't believe this actually happened. #RIP
El inventor danés Peter Madsen ha sido condenado a cadena perpetua por asesinar a la periodista Kim Wall en su submarino http://bbc.in/2Jmj1rB  #BBCEnEspañol
Surely a life sentance for murder. A life sentence for dismemberment. A life sentance for denying the murder of an innocent woman. A life sentance for anything else that he may have done to her just in case.
I make that 4 x enough years so that he never walks.
Apparently they found snuff films on his computer. Extra years to the sentance there
What is a life sentence in Denmark?
At least 16 years but he will not be released ever again as he is deemed unsafe.
I want his submarine.
He should have to spend it in his submarine.
This has to be the winner for the most bizarre headline ever ?
It's up there... you should check out @NotTheOnion_ too
Should get the death penalty, evil bastard.
I know it's a horrible tragedy, but what a bizarre headline.
Peter Madsen was charged with murder ,dismemberment and indecent handling of the corpse of Kim Wall.
He dismembered the body of Kim Wall.
He murdered Kim  Wall in his submarine last year.
Life should mean life
It will. The 16 years thing is routinely grossly misunderstood outside of Denmark. He's never getting out.
That’s good ... thanks for the info .
No worries.
Good. He deserves life for what he did to Kim.
I hope he goes through hell.
It's kicking off at the Copenhagen City court
The only right verdict!

Ah well, I respected the man, but I trust the court ruling,and I have now lost all respect for this murderous bastard. #RIPKimWall
Good.
https://www.facebook.com/chelseamarie.louise.1/videos/196414901138162/?t=1020 …
Life sentence somehow seems inadequate for such instances.
Minimum 16 years in Denmark. In this case, life may mean life.
Huge. Been following this incredibly closely and hoped this would be the outcome.
Me too. It's sad to say that we hear tragic stories around the world all the time, but for some reason this one really impacted me. I hope her family can start to heal.
Let’s just pray life means life and justice will continue to prevail
He’s going down for a long stretch.
He’s going down... again...
And hopefully won't surface for several long years...
Who's having the submarine?
It's been confiscated by the danish state, and will be destroyed.
confused
The least he deserves
