The religion of peace strikes again
what? on what basis are you making this claim?
Am surprised they haven't blamed it on any Muslim's community living around that area .
wipes tears, RIP
RIP
Sad
That's the third or possibly fourth report  of an engine doing that or something like it in about the last 18 months. Are they all the same make of engine?
TURNZ OUWT VWINN DA PROVEZZUNUL 
ENGUNERZ TUWND UWP DA ENGUNZ 
DEY ZSKIPPD 1.DEY VWERE INN AH 
VIG HUREE !
That's unlucky.
Fasten your seatbelts
That is the risk of flying.
Everything implies a risk...
Yes, some aren't necessary
How can this happen?
uh, next time continue to wear seat belt.
So sad one lady lost her life #RIP but a massive congratulations to the pilot! This could have been so much worse.
Looks like the main fan failed and the rest of the engine followed
How was it a safe landing if someone died?
The person was dead before the landing....thus everyone alive at the start of the landing was alive after.
It was very much a successful landing, if an engine explodes on you...getting down alive and in one piece is a successful landing.
Southwest is still my airline. What an heroic pilot !
DAM FINEST PILOT TO SAVE THE DAY NOT A MAN NOT A NOT MONKEY * BUT  1 OF GOD'S FINEST FIRST  WOMEN FIGHTER PILOTS ACE OF GRACE JUST DON'T PISS HER OFF.
Would wearing a seat belt have made any difference ?
Well done to all the people on the aircraft for their quick responses. We flew with them Saturday and couldn’t fault the crew for safety. RIP to the lady who lost her life.
Soooo sad
Some Puerile posts on here....sad...
That sad 
Someone also didn’t watch the safety demonstration video...
Russia did it.

For god sake, Trump....

Is not what we do for all US news now?
@SouthwestAir eh? They're going to start charging extra for this.
Is it Russia's fault? You blame everything else on them.
When you or your family looks back to these days in the future, will they say that you acted ahead of the times and wisely became part of the space mining mineral boom, or will history leave you behind? Make an asteroid or exoplanet claim today: http://WSMCR.org 
One person severely mauled in the HoC today by his own party but no mention of that. Maybe you agree with the persons veiws, hence the cover up?
@alexbruhhh23 Never flying with Southwest again .
Prayers to the family and friends of the deceased. Not exactly the story I wanted to read the week before my son flies down from Washington!!
God hv mercy
Oof. some mechanics' buttholes be puckering up pretty hard over this.
and was able to land with one engine ! How ?
Blame Russians.
Looks like a textbook "uncontained failure" to me.
Omg @FAANews @NTSB @GlobalGoalsUN 

I hate what the world has become in the last couple of years and what it's done to me. 

A tragedy like this and all I can think of is trumps idiotic boast that he was responsible for air safety in 2017.
You’re simply saying on social media that you lack critical thinking.
2nd time in recent memory @SouthwestAir, are we not learning from @NTSB_Newsroom @NTSB to correct these #Hazards? OMG! @cnn @cnni @realdonaldtrump
The woman who was almost sucked out the window has died?
the article did not specify if she was the one who perished. my guess is they are waiting to inform loved ones before making more details public.
here you go: 

‘She said an older woman was sitting in the window seat next to it, and parts of her body were "sucked" toward the hole.

"She wasn't like sucked out of the window or pulled out. But her like arms and her body were sucked, like sucked in that direction...” ‘
Cheers m8 
we've all been in that seat. this is why regulations or inspection are needed and enforced. it's getting away from us folks. #infrastructureweek
RIP the passenger who died. This could have been a lot, lot worse!
Not for them.
RIP too the one
Wow that's terrible and unlucky

Sorry but I would count that a miracle if it's only one dead
When did it happen,is there any other injured people.....
gosh
well done to pilots for saving those other 140 or so
Sorry
For a second I thought the article was talking about a jet engine that landed on someone and we were living out a Donnie Darko scenario.
R.I.P :-(
died of a heart attack to be accurrate
Did the person that got partially sucked out survive?
not sure, cant find any info on that person
"partially"?
Blame #Putin
Holy shit
Oh goodness. How sad. RIP
