Bayern munich would have been a easier draw.liverpool would have tore them up on the counter
Here we go again!
Lipoo 5. 0roma
@aratt84 @robcoombe best draw they could possibly have hoped for.....the lucks going with them after that disallowed Sane goal as well...
And the group draw as well. Amazinf how much fortune one team can get 
Liverpool 0× 10 Roma.
Liverpool had it so easy lmao
Beat the team you guys lost to 4-1 earlier this season.
Good score tbh
Where you guys at ? Oh wait
Yh we actually played some decent teams so we were knocked out. You'll be out soon enough don't worry
Again, lfc just beat the best team in the PL 5-1 over two legs. Enough man, just stop.
Sweet
The hot balls were in the pot again then
Obvious ... same as being at home 1st leg
ANFIELD IS SLAUGHTER HOUSE
Roma fans...

Wobbly legs ii
#RaminHosseinPanahi
Liverpool final first time
Fix
Now Roma have the chance to get us back for thrashing them 7-1. Allowing Liverpool through to the European Cup final  Please beat them. Please  @pahla_chris @privilege_mufc

Come on you reds
Good fortune & 'May your God go with you'. Win win win.

I need a War in Syria because I have big investments in the Arms industry!
#Syria #russia 
Is the bbc obsessed with football



Battle of the Boston owners. Red Sox v Celtics
@rolfe95 
Better get Roma to use a tank to get players to stadium after Manchester city affair of intimidation against City players and perfectly good goal at their stadium a week later.

Good luck to Liverpool. They will have a chance if they get a good lead from home leg again. Still fancy RM to win  though they are not perfect and defence is creaky.
Fixed


https://www.pscp.tv/w/baB_iTF3QkVBZHF5V0RHalB8MWRSS1plYm9QeU14Qvv5e4hYUmqdixNCzYHnLJzRZqOd1OcMesl6x5aoi8tb …
Yesterday prediction
Love how people are making out we’re a one man team when Firmino has the Same amount of Champions league goals as Salah and Mané has one less than them both 
C'MON ROMA #scouseshit
what are the odds on roma!?!
Surely destiny that Klopp has another crack at Bayern in a CL Final!
BBC news this is your watchers you have been lying to the people for too long we've come to shut you down we've come to expose you we are anonymous we are legion we do not forgive we do not forget expect us.
They'll still get mugged
uefa and match fixing..it was already online since yesterday the date of the returned leg was even shown may 2 at anfield..
The second leg is in Rome. Anfield is the first leg. In april.
Thanks mate
That is probably the best draw Liverpool could have hoped for.
Cheers geoff
Liverpool going out then
It was written in the stars
Exactly my prediction 
Another winner medal for Bale wtc.
I knew it Roma vs Liverpool as u know Roma will loose
I love this draw... Am gunning for Liverpool
Forza Roma!
Come on Roma!
Uafe right now

What is this ?
It’s fake

Meanwhile, Roma already selling tickets V Liverpool two hours before the draw is made apparently 
No shit! Really?? I'm so shocked! 
Good draw for Roma
Liverpool have had the easiest draw in champions league history the whole way through
Yeh... man city are a rubbish team.
They are
For forgot the not on the end of your sentence
What a fucking fix
Explain how its a fix ?
I’m half joking. But it was completely inevitable that Liverpool would get the easiest possible draw. Darlings of Europe
Darlings of Europe ? are you mental
Roma
Lucky guys
fantastic news that#liverpoolinthe final
Liverpool already in the final maybe?
Good deal!!!
Yessssssss
Liverpool in the final.
So it WAS a fix then!?
@ChampionsLeague 
#UCLDraw #UCL
Hahahahahaah c'mon roma
Who did City draw? 
Wigan
Of course they will. They get the easiest game whilst we have to put up with the moronic mumblings of Allardyce. I hate being an Evertonian. #AllardyceOut
Come join us at LFC - YNWA
Lovely draw for the Scousers
Liverpool v Real Madrid final
We already knew they would
Who did Everton get?
You did well to get here but let's be honest the draws have been kind to you
Always lucky playing the best team in England who are storming the league with ease
Well you would rather get them then real Madrid
Yeah but so would everyone in the competition so what’s your point?
Yeah so I'm saying man city wasn't the worst option
And it by far wasn’t the easiest?
@Oranjemajoor
That hotel in Kiev doesn’t look that silly now ...
@heavenlyblue007 that was a given...
They're not a push over. Remember last season?  They get all cocky and complacent when they get to a semi or a final.
oh yeah for sure... I just need Roma to win it... hate the rest
Oh I would love them to!
We are going to win the Champions League and there's nothing you peasants can do about it..... LETS GOOOO!!!! @LFC
