Make an example of him.
For driving a mini geez not for drink driving
Tie him up
In respecting rules&regulations people in public life  should be examples for others in the society
The 42 year old was twice the legal limit when  he was involved in a crash.
Looking at the selfish tweets on here from all the perfect people that have never made a mistake. They soon forget how much fun and laughter he’s giving us. Absolute morons.
The lad has suffered enough, we should all move on.
Totally agree, I bet none of the people slagging him off have never driven a car the day after heavy session.
It was common practice in the 70s and 80,s   To drink drive, the mortuaries weren’t full of mutilated corpses... it’s pc gone mad
So he's been caught drink driving, get over it. As for the fine, well that's probably the equivalent to a working  class person paying £10.
Yawn yawn again....breaking news??!!
They all think they are above Law these celebrities! Just look at Rooney....
I know people are not going to like my comment, but they should throw the book at him. Just because he was on tv doesn't mean he should get away with it. drink driving kills and anyone doing should be going to jail.
So you say he should be treated like everybody else? But then say he should go to jail, which would mean he wont be treated the same as everyone else?So which one is it? Treat him the same, or differently?
so you are telling me Joe public would not have been locked up for what Ant did? I beg to differ.
No they wouldn't, They would get a 2 year driving ban and a big fine. Thats the standard for drink driving.
Prisons would be crammed with people if everyone got a custodial sentence so of course they don’t! He has pleaded guilty and he will get his punishment in a court of law. Not by you.
wow, ok calm down love take your chill pills and this is what google say
Or by google. 
So you get hit by a drunk driver and you be fine with it would just because they were off the telly.
What a wonderful day to hide news like this in the Tory ranks
Poor Ants had a rough time of it. His marriage ending and the pressures of fame etc. Hope he’s back on TV soon..
Poor Ant ?? He's the one who has been pouring it down his neck, not his wife. The same as he has been taking the painkillers. It's her I feel sorry for.
Praise them all the way up, then just can't wait to criticise when they show there "normal" side, stop banging this story like an old drum and just " move on" shit happens
what was his mother doing letting him drive?
£86K out of a weekly wage of £130K. Approx 66% of a weeks income. That’s a fine of less than £250 for the average earner. That’s really gonna make him think twice.
I'm ignorant of the punishments for drink driving but...£86,000 seems pretty excessive.
so Ant should punch himself in the face??
Yes they’re practically one being anyway
Good now hope he has the book thrown at him! Families have been destroyed through drink driving, just because he is s celebrity does not mean he shouldn't escape the same punishment as anyone else!
He won’t escape punishment obviously
Yes obviously, just hoping they ain't too lenient just because he is a celebrity!
So you admit he should get the same penalty as everyone else. That will be a big fine and a 2 year ban. Or is that too lenient?
Personally I think if you drink drive you should expect jail too, celebrities are often treated more lenient than the general public, what he done was wrong, could of been a lot worse
Painting artist-T.k-Haridasan-INDIA-
£86,000 and a 20 month driving ban, what a result, the 86k is a drip in the ocean to him and now he’ll be chauffeured all over the place, he could have killed someone,prison should have been the punishment. Disgraceful..
Where money is irrelevant ( too much or not enough) community service would have been more appropriate
I hope he recovers and is truly sorry for his actions. It could have been worse. He’s a celebrity looked up too by millions but he’s human. We all make most Will it result in me not watching him on tv certainly not. Love Ant n Dec. Hope all tht was affected recover well
£86,000.  He got off lightly.
I agree that the right penalty has been applied, but £86k is a bit steep imo. If that was a standard guy, the fine would have been £4-£5k. Different rules for the rich and famous #antmcpartlin
And so it should be kids look up too him. If you want to be famous and have people look up to you then you can't been seen to flout the law surely that comes with the job
I agree with the kids looking up to him @SueWalm8 , but society and people’s outlooks on life has changed so much over the last few years. But that’s another discussion for another day 
Yes I agree with and that is the real shame. It's not just drunk driving no one has regard for anyone on roads anymore and I've been driving 35 years still giving way to people who can't even raise a smile let alone a hand of thanks but like you say another time for that topic
Ant pleads guilty - Corbyn insists on "irrefutable evidence" before apportioning blame.
Ant getting fined more than @TheNotoriousMMA 
Shits given: 0 <-counted them 3 times
I have a friend who one night got blind drunk and got in a car and tried to drive home. Crashed into another vehicle and rolled the car. Stupid mistake,no one was hurt. She is still my friend! I haven't written her off because of one mistake! #onlyhuman #antmcpartlin
£86,000. Is that in his left or right pocket?
Aye he’s got plenty of Drive 
80 Grand , He'll Be Earned That In Interest Before He Takes His Next Pain Killer
#usa_go_out_of_syria
I don’t wanna read this . There’s more important things in life than someone who does this and people give him sympathy . Love to know what people would say if they were involved in the accident ( would they still stick up for him then ) 
Boring !
Problem with being rich and landing yourself in trouble with the law...you get "means tested"
Hopefully now people will stop giving the guy a hard time.. He’s paying the fine, made his apologies let the guy get on with getting better..
Think there are far more important news stories to report on than a court case involving a drunk driver even if he is a so called celebrity
Why do you all keep saying "drink driving"? Shouldn't it be "drunk driving"? Also, celebrity or not drinking and driving puts others in harms way. Throw the book at them.
I would love to know how many of the people saying "he could have killed someone" have ever driven over the speed limit. Driving at 30mph in a 20 zone for example. We're all guilty of it, but isn't that endangering life to? Get off your high horses, 
Have you ever had to attend an RTC where the driver who has been drinking walks away.
Then tried to comfort two children in the back of the car he hit and explain why Mum and Dad aren’t answering.
That's the court done what is @ITV  gonna do I wonder!
Punishment sounds relative to his earnings compared to the 'average' worker. If we sent all drunk drivers to prison, the county would need more prisons!!
the fine he received is a drop in the ocean for him .He should have been jailed. Or given a life time ban
Total cop out money certainly talks
HA HA....
He was way, way too honest in divulging his earnings to the court, which ended up with him receiving a whopping £86K fine. Must be one of the highest, if not highest-ever in UK for this offence. If the court imposed a Band C fine it equals approx. 150% of his weekly wage.
Breaking News???  We already knew he was guilty, and I am heartily sick of the outpouring of support, for someone who,  gets behind the wheel of a car KNOWING they are over the limit
Whip him in the court yard!
Paddy drunk scum,  should be banned from all tv shows and made to pay the price..he is paid millions so £86,000 is nothing. Make him pay, Prison to keep him off our streets and tv
I hope this is a turning point for him now, if he doesn't do it properly it isn't going to end well for him.
Could there be any other type of plea. Twice over the limit. With his money why didn't he get someone else to drive or get a taxi.
I don't really care. But he should be in jail
He's been treated the same as other people who have been twice over the limit, fine based on his earnings and 20 to 24 months ban
Please read and support 
https://www.facebook.com/OurBoysJustice/ 
Only Comment WTF  £130,000 A FECKIN... WEEK £130,000 A FECKIN WEEK... A FECKIN WEEK.. £130,000 A FECKIN WEEK..£130,000 A FECKIN... WEEK £130,000 A FECKIN WEEK... A FECKIN WEEK.. £130,000 A FECKIN WEEK.. WTF
You have a second chance Ant. Don’t lose it. I pray this is truly a turning point for you. We love you
So the Opioid addict has been fined almost exactly 1/10th of what the Tories were paid to falsely blame the Skripal poisoning on Russia.
People driving have murdered people and got away with less of a fine and ban. So not only do we live in a country with Postcode Health but if you work hard and earn high then you pay higher Fines. I apologise to All the Families who have lost people from DD and DUI .
Hopefully he gets away with it, saturday night takeaway just isn't the same 
TV star Man-at-Arms pleads guilty to drink driving after car crash in Eternia in March.
Something wrong in a world when he can earn £186,000 a week!!
This is NOTHING to do with mental issues whatsoever. Trust me, that’s a totally different thing. He’s an alcoholic, nothing more, nothing less. That’s the problem, albeit not a nice one. Don’t hide behind the mental issues excuse.
I'm glad he pleaded guilty!
I hope he is sentenced accordingly, it's by luck no one was killed & he should get the same treatment as everyone else. Yes he entertained us but the law is the law! Remember when Jimmy Saville entertained us & because of that his crimes were over looked, need to draw the line!
One rule for one
So the BBC will employ a driver for him!
Thankfully, no one was killed. Hopefully, Ant learns a lesson, faces his alcoholism and gets treatment. He’s in a lucky position to afford the best treatment. Everyone deserves a second chance.
The size of his head and there is nowt in the thing, silly man!! Marriage breakdown or not, poor excuse!
Prison I'm a Clebrety  spring  me out of here!!
so what
Too much coverage,  if all drink drivers were exposed like this then social media would be flooded #fairtrial
Ok moving on
DRUNK driving for pete's sake. And he didn't TAKE the decision to do it. He MADE the decision to do it. You guys invented the language,  why do you mess it up?
Jamie Carragher spat at someone, and people wanted him sacked & jailed. it's no surprise that people want Ant hung drawn and quartered. that's the level of Twitter dipshits
Very sad news I hope he gets the help he clearly needs
What about dangerous driving.?
A spell in prison should sort him out, I neither like or dislike him but a pissed driver deserves to be banged up for a while and reflect on what could have happened.
Breaking news, ffs get a grip.
Wormwood scrubs . Get me out of here.
Good, I hope he gets what he deserves. I’ve absolutely no sympathy for his total stupidity.
People should wait for facts before they comment. They where sticking up for him saying he was only 1 microgramme over the limit it could happen to anyone. #Yerright  He could have killed someone lets not forget.
Should be punished same as anyone else would be.  Driving ban, fine, community service perhaps.  Just cos he's a celeb doesn't mean he get off scot-free or hanged from the nearest tree FFS.  Move on people.
Prison...oh no hes a celeb so just a slap on wrist
Ban him for life and make him do 3000 hours service. It’s not good enough saying how sorry he is because he could have killed others. I suffer with @BipolarUK @NIMHgov but won’t drive a car pissed out of my head
Well he couldn’t really plead NOT guilty could he. I wonder if this celebrity will go down for DD like all the other normal people who do such stupid, life threatening  things.
He won’t go down for it. Drink drivers don’t unless they’ve maimed or killed someone. There’s not enough room in the prisons. He’s likely to get a lengthy ban and a fine with possible community service
The public are a fickle lot aren't they!?

He won’t go to jail as they all full of real criminals, plus he is already in rehab. Fine, community service & 18month ban. Same as anyone. No he won’t lose his job as he doesn’t drive for a living again same for most
Breaking News?
Celebrity (only know in UK) who was caught drink driving pleads guilty?
Do you really think this is the biggest story in the world?
I'm embarrassed for you @BBCBreaking
U ever seen that TV ad about drink drinking? U will lose ur licence and ur job... So does this mean Ant will never b on tv again??????? 
Yes a spell in prison should do him good

I would be happy to be run down by a famous drunk TV presenter .I don't think he should go to jail
On this occasion I don’t think he could have done anything else
Bang the pair of em up
Put him in jail the knobend
Saturday night taken-away.. 
BIG news.
Little fucker, hope he gets his dues... big fine cos he can afford it, driving ban and jail if its not his first offence...
What’s a TV “presenter?” And is he really named “Ant?”
Prayerfully, no one was hurt.
@gilesbedford clicked through just to see which one is Ant. I never knew.
Drink driving should carry a mandatory life time van and a prison sentence.

A selfish and arrogant crime that results in innocent people dying.

Worse here as this idiot can afford a personal driver, limo, taxi or even a helicopter.
Cue tearful news conference and announcement of working with children or donating to charity
or donating children to a charity he will work for...
Ant McParklin? Are you punking is with that name?
I'm just here waiting for the soft c*nts telling us we should show sympathy for a drink driver with "mental-health issues"...
Pleading guilty gives him a reduced sentence.
@amysamxo
As he is clearly suffering most people and the press/media will obviously be sympathetic and allow him time and space to recover.
Probs get given a lollipop and sent on his way
My thoughts are with the people involved in this idiot's car smash, along with every family affected by the selfishness of those who drink and drive. There is NO excuse, NO excuse. Ant McPartlin proved on that day what kind of man he really is.
Yes. That he's human. It could have happened to anyone. Unfortunately relapses happen with addiction. When you are perfect then you can judge. He made a mistake and he's getting the consequence of his mistake.
Being an alcoholic is a human flaw. Falling off the wagon is unfortunate. Getting behind the wheel of your car blind drunk with your stone cold sober mother is a choice, not a mistake. I've made a thousand mistakes in my life but not one of them involved  risking innocent lives
Being twice the limit isn't being blind drunk. Because of his addiction, he may not have even felt drunk at that point.
With addiction you learn tricks to hide weather you're drunk or not. Addiction is addiction. If you relapse you get help and that's what he was and is doing.
There's being a fan and then there's you, trying to dumb down drunk drving as if it's an innocent mistake. You make me want to vomit. I hope someone, just like your "hero", never mows you down in the street and blames it on a little flaw.
I was speaking from experience because I know what Ant is going through on the addiction side. The DUI side I don't support and never will. Great conversation idiot.
Not all news has to be international diplomacy
The ITV star was involved in a collision in Richmond ,West London ,on March 18 this year.
Maybe Rooney could be his mentor!
And?
Open and shut case
TV presenter has arrived at Wimbledon Magistrate's Court.
Shock horror 
Breaking? He was driving drunk with about 50 witnesses including a few who were hit including a child! Hardly breaking and known at the time.Real news investigation would be to reveal why grade Z Celebs are pardoned instantly & a member of the public would be ostracised for same?
Seriously? This fulfills the criteria for nationally important breaking news? Who actually gives a fuck about these stories when there are so many massive concerns that @BBCNews should be breaking
Is it really a "breaking news" for BBC today?
Nice live overthere on GB planet.
Meanwhile, back in the real world .... no one gives a sh*t.
Sadly, far too many celeb obsessed people care more about this than more important things.
Did you mean drunk driving, not drink driving?
No shit Sherlock
This is not news...now if he had pleaded NOT guilty...

Psst...perhaps a grammar check before the copy/paste would be in order? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Why is this news??
It's an unfortunate incident
happens to the best of us. if truth be told i havent driven sober in years.
@Grantt94 
 fucking quality
Thoughts and prayers 
anyone fancy a pint...

cheers lad!

gotta break into the "SESH FUND!"
Aww no pet
A gentleman admitting his fault.

I never knew he had a surname...

And so he should, you would think he would know the rules of the road by now
C’mon now BBC, this is hardly Breaking News is it now.
BREAKING: In shocking turn of events, man charged with drink driving, filmed doing so, and found to be two times over the legal limit, pleads guilty to drink driving.
I remember the days when breaking news used to shock you
he's a very small man right now, not as small as Dec but still
Working class....3 months inside...him fine and slap on wrist
@derrickg745 Blow in to this, no blow properly, you're under arrest for drink driving. Thank god no one was Killed. Hope lesson learnt, and he can afford the help he needs.
I’ll drink to that  #AntMcPartlin
the wonderful @BBCSimonMcCoy announced this on air, referring to the crash as an "#accident". The crash was unintentional, but it was no accident. :( #AntMcPartlin #DrinkDriving
@BBCNews' @BBCSimonMcCoy persistently referring to #AntMcPartlin *and* the on-air crashes as #accidents. Perhaps time to review language used? #CrashNotAccident
And why is this news? Idiots

So silly
Not exactly news though lads is it?
Was there any doubt?
Maxim Borodin death it is More Important vs McPartlin stunts
Shocker....
Who?
Why would he plead not guilty when the video showed him getting out of the car lol
Are you speaking hypothetically because he did plea guilty
Well he can't exactly plead innocence
WHY IS THIS NEWS?
Why is this breaking news!! Is this all the bbc is looking at??
No, they have the ability to look at more than one thing at once. There’s quite a few of them, you know.
Lock him up ..
Surprised he could see above the wheel-pedal car?
Idk if you understood what. "Breaking news is" I follow this for actual important news not celebrity garbage.
Jail bate!!!

he was drink driving huh?
It's correct. That's how they say it in UK and most of Europe.
