Does anyone really care that much about this 'breaking news'?
Why not spend time reading so you understand more about the world, rather than waste your teenage years tweeting something this silly
Why not spend time seeing how shit the world is rather than claiming two stores merging is highly important news.
"Korea finds peace" is breaking news.
"Stores struggle financially" is not.
The significance of the merger between two giant corporations (under Walmart) responsible for most of what you use in your home would def fly over your head.
You think two leaders shaking hands on TV is more important: I feel sad for the youth
I'm sorry but you must be living a sad life to care more about a supermarket than a war that went on for 65 years
Since you are being slow today, I’d help you out, AGAIN.
So you think TWO LEADERS SHAKING HANDS ON TV means anything? Notice how I highlighted the key point so you don’t miss it again
You are probably too young to have witnessed Yasser Arafat and Ehud Barak shaking hands on TV
There are so many more important things going on in the world. That is her point. It wasn't isolated to that one moment in history, but rather so many thing are happening now that the news Asda and Sainsbury's are joining means very little. Buy your shit from Aldi. Much cheaper
I strongly suspect that all their stores will be called ‘Asda’ . If not immediately then within a couple of years.
It's the other way around
Bad idea! Prices may fall in the short term but likely to rise in the future! Competition is a good thing for the consumer!!
A just like DJT said.
Goodbye Sainsburys. Won't have anything to do with Asda because they're owned by Walmart, so the same will apply to Sainsburys now. It'll just go completely downhill.
@Hollyxrobertson
Sainsda’s or Asburys?
assburys for me
when's the last day to use Nectar points.  Sainsbury's food is about to nosedive.
I’m really hoping Sainsbury’s keep the quality up. If not I will shop more @Morrisons @LidlUK @AldiUK
I do anyway: really good value for money there.
I shop in there quite often. Just a few things I like more in @sainsburys I prefer their fresh farmhouse bread and fresh chicken. Other than that really @Morrisons
The @CMAgovUK should have stopped the merger of #Sainsburys and #Asda. Creating ever bigger conglomerates in the retail and indeed the media sectors will stop true competition and lessen choice for the public. This will also squeeze small suppliers on price & cause job losses.
well I shall be passing the little @asda by, as I walk up to do ALL my shopping with @Morrisons Now the only major supermarket which is still British @sainsburys will be part owned by America. The new group will have three stores  to one M and 1 @tesconews in my area. Unfair
I can imagine the diehard Sainsbury's customers are puking up all over their Taste the Difference sandwiches right now... must be equivalent to Netto to them ha ha ha
Let's do away with all competition then we can give the sheep what we want to, not what they want.....worked great in the USA.........over the last 25 years big food has done away with anything that didn't turn as fast a profit. And the people go without.
It’s like here in Florida stores are becoming limited we have tons of supermarkets but one has dominated the state
We already have closed Argos stores littering our high streets since their last takeover.
Who's gonna own me ASDA? Is it a takeover or a merger?
Tesco 
No compition more expensive it is too bad
WOW BIG NEWS : / SAINSBURYS AND ASDA ARE MERGING ?? YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS ? MUM AND DAD WILL STILL GO TO @AldiUK (I WAS TOLD AS A KID? ITS ALL MADE AT THE SAME FACTORY N JUST DIFFERENT LABELS GO ON) ! : ) HIYA MUM : ) so I think my Mothers Calling @GaryLineker a Lier  ? : )
This is too much for my little brain to take.
I would have thought that the Competition Commission would have something to say about this...
I was reading similar on the weekend.  They're pledging a significant drop in prices though arent they?
Anything to push the deal through. Watch the prices go back up after. And there WILL be job loses too.
Sasda!......

Don’t shop at either so won’t bother me !
Support Morrison's, the only true British supermarket left.
There goes Asda’s cheap prices then.
Or, there goes a decent supermarket chain and here come another shit Walmart brand
New name WALLMART...
Apparently (according to someone on twitter on men news page) Wall art want out the UK market which is one reason why they are merging to sainsburys
Didnt know that thanks for the update.
A pain really as I bet they break the promises that "nothing will change and brands and stores will all remain open".. I doubt that to the honest! Bet asda phases out over next few years
You know it mate.
https://www.about.sainsburys.co.uk/news/latest-news/2018/combination-of-j-sainsbury-plc-and-asda-group-limited … They won’t be changing/merging names, just like when Sainsbury’s bought Argos.
Can the merged Sainsbury’s/Asda beat Amazon?
Make a deal with the Devil expect to get burned
It was obvious that something was going to happen. Sainsbury’s merchandising suddenly looked awful

I told you that all the supermarkets will eventually merge together @samhudson789
That is good if Sainsbury is merging with Asda coz I think sainsbury isn't doing good
Never in a million years did l think those two supermarkets would ever merge.
The real question on everyone's minds: Sasda or Ainsburys?
Will this help us the consumers?
I really feel for all those colleagues who are currently going through consultations at Sainsbury's,   this news on top of the recent management and Hr restructuring is another blow to moral no matter how much of a good news spin Mike Coupe puts on it.
Sasday's
I said it before, and I’ll say it again, Assbury’s is coming!
This is clearly monopolising the market!!! Not good for consumers!
Good news, Good news
Will they be called sainsda now  hehe hope so
Greedy greedy greedy
Interesting!
Both stores are clearly threatened by Lidl & Aldi which makes me want to shop there even more now! The merge will not work, 2 different shops & with Walmart being in charge quality will most likely go down regarding the Sainsbury brand driving away customers
It’s a bad thing for shoppers, suppliers and independent retail to have 2 main companies controlling over 60% share of the grocery market, post a #SainsburysAsdamerger and #TescoBooker.
Usually shop at both...would be great to have Asda prices with Sainsbury's quality
It could be the other way around though!
Noooooo, I  Sainsbury’s. Asda will be the less prettier sister. That u have take on ur dates cause ur mum says so 
And they say Infinity Wars is the most ambitious crossover of all time.
They say no jobs will be lost. Tell that to the whole level of store supervisors who are already on 3 months' notice and the closure of the Human Resources department at my local large Sainsbury's. Is this a nationwide sacking?
Prices down 10% and no redundancy! 
Do people who comment actually read the link!? SAINSBURY'S ARE BUYING ASDA 
There’s a huge difference between Prices in each store! The 10pc reduction across the board will surely be off Sainsburys hefty prices, they won’t cut the Asda prices to the benefit of the customer!
Any comment from the GMB union? After all they run the show in at Assad logistics.
Asda better not change is stock and prices. Only place I can get Irish food as other supermarkets got rid of the Irish sections. Only place I can afford clothes that are decent for the price. And 90% time cheapest for my week shop. While Sainsburys are one the most expensive!
Asda much better and cheaper. Don’t fix if ain’t broken! Please!
not good
Lots of closures coming... think about all the Asda sites close to a Sainsbury’s!! Can’t see the loyal Sainsbury’s customer shopping with the Asda faithful either.... ‘Asburys’ 
I have had the pleasure of working for both companies (! ), their customers are so different I do not know how this will work. If it was Sainsbury's and M&S merging then I would have understood but this? Let's wait and see.
يخرب بيت جمالك ربنا يحرصك
This cannot be good news for staff. Seems certain that they will bear the brunt of this.
Sainsbury's staff are already going through a lot of changes. A lot of pple are being forced to take redundancy money, especially the older generation.
And how do we call it now?
Sainsda? Asdbury’s?
I think Assburys works best.
I guess it will be sainsburys overpricing aswell now
They claim that prices will be 10% cheaper, but I find that unlikely.
Can't see that either
When Sainsbury’s & Asda merge they can start by looking at all the plastic packaging they need to reduce. Please sell fruit & veg with the option of paper bags.
They used to do that for mushrooms.. I used to use the mushroom bags for apples. Now it's all plastic
/ Whilst Asda & Sainsbury’s sell very different price range of goods ? So into the future we go + wait & see ?
Asda is Walmart an American company so therefore Sainsbury’s will be part American. NOTHING in this country is ours anymore we’ve gave it all away.
I’m under the comforting illusion that Sainsbury’s has a certain standard of ethics whereas Asda is all about price.
I'm not sure about Sainsbury's so-called ethics; it's always seemed a thin veneer at best.

The new merged business will have too many Co-located stores; inevitable that some will close.
What does this mean 
That's what I was wondering! Are they going to be one store or?
Is Sainsbury’s going to be American owned?
Finally #nectarpoints in #asda ? 
very bad news for consumers and farmers....no group should have a 30% control over the nations food supply
It would seem #TheresaMay and her government are determined to make food banks the new growth sector as she allows big corporations to undermine national food security
@macham0214
A lot of promises from the US giant on lower prices and conditions but when US giant Kraft took over Cadburys there were also a lot of promises regarding product and job security .. every one of them was broken
Idiots! I won’t be shopping here anymore. I’ll go back to @Tesco which is British owned, what this country needs during Brexit!
‘10% reduction in prices by being able to put more pressure on suppliers’ never good news for food producers 
Bad news for consumers as quality and competition may be at risk.
ASDA locally have offered a cheap price, but cheap quality. What will happen with my #Sainsburys points, perhaps we shall get Necda!
I've never had anything cheap quality from asda, although depends what you get I suppose. However their loose fruit and veg always rotten, that's only issue I have with them
Yes it’s more the fresh stuff I meant  interesting times this...
Wonderful merger of equals
I don't worry for Tesco. Whatever they say, store disposals will surely habe to be agreed with the competition commission.  I worry more for Morrisons, a great British company that will be left fighting for its life. Unless they are able to pick up some of the divested stores.
It would be good, though unwise, to think they're joining up to tackle the scourge of processed unhealthy foods and plastic.
Let's hope Asda so quality improves to Sainsburys standards and Sainsburys prices fall to Asda levels #betitstheotherwayround #getitcheaper
Sainsburys quality will nose dive as the race to the bottom begins!
That’s my concern.
Walmart and Asda is also about exploiting farmers and manufacturers, thus squeezing them to push their prices down, therefore quality will unfortunately drop across the board. This merger is not in the interests of consumers and I don't think should be allowed to go ahead.
I couldn’t agree more.
Regulators could stand in way of Sainsbury's - Asda deal.
They will not though. They didn't do it with Tesco and Broker
What's their new name going to be called... Asburys? 
Sainsbury's as

Regulators must keep a close eye on this one. Creates Anti competition.
The Tesco / Broker tie up was similar. No problem there. This is one of the reason for the merger, along with the enormous success of the discounters
Will Asda prices come in line with Sainsbury's?
Stores will close if Asda and Sainsbury's merge ,union warns.
I think tesco will benefit from this actually
I hope so. They are better anyway.
Imagine corporation controlling food supply? #mindblown 
1 corporation
Will the merger have any effect on the banking division?
Sack Corbyn
I don't think either Asda or Sainsbury's have any say in Corbyns employment to be honest
If Carlsberg did mergers.......
This cannot be allowed.
Tesco should be worried, this is reaction to Aldi and Lidl smashing their ass.

So sad can we get maybe 12 likes on this.
No good will come of this merger. You read it here.
That will  be me going elsewhere then. Have no intention of spending any money with Walmart ever.
They aim to deliver low prices by using their increased size to shat on their suppliers from an even greater height
Breaking news or old news 
Is a company allowed to get THAT big - no real good will come of this
Does that mean huge price increases?
These Boots were made for Wahlgeens
Asda not for Walmart
Looks like Associated Dairies is made for Sainsbury's
Are the rumoured reports true that the new supermarkets will be called ‘Assbury’s’?
Way to go Wal mart
So that makes total sense why Sainsbury’s are making redundant duty and department managers and all team leaders. Then they announce this. Shocking.
Walmart now having a major foothold in the UK,possibly making way for US bleached chicken and GMOs when Brexit happens
Not done the Americans much harm, and much, much cheaper.
I feel sorry for Sainsbury’s staff if Walmart start muscling in on management. I left Asda after Walmart took over as they changed salaries and everything! Took away socials hours payment & all sorts! Terrible company.
Other way round, its Sainsburys buying Asda.
#Sainsda sounds ok-ish 

 
Lidl by Lidl....
And so it starts, soon we will all be eating the same foods from the same shop. No diversity in our options
They must block this. The big loser here will be the consumer when all that is left is a duopoly.
Should not be allowed to merge
Well that’s a brand in the toilet.  Walmart such a great reputation (if bad is great).
Great, more consolidation of massive wealth to squeeze out the little companies even more.
Do we hear anything from the monopolies commission?
Possibly posting this on social media before having gone through police etc may not be the best course of action?
Walmart = world domination
Sainsburys are buying out ask. And apparently walmart want out the UK market. But even if they don't, they will be when sainsburys buys it out
Asdaburys
No more asda roll backs
On the plus side, we might get our Nectar points. 
Now that will be interesting... Good move or bad move I have no idea....
This wouldn’t have happened if Tesco’s didn’t corner the market for all goods by buying Bookers, every small shops only source of goods as the biggest wholesaler.
Every small shop like One Stop .. that Tesco own... Londis... that Tesco own as well as Premier, Happy Shopper etc... also that Tesco own. And the competition authority judged that it wasn’t direct competition! And now the big corps have pretty much UK food chain under control
Sainsbury's needed a way to compete with Lidl and Aldi. ASDA must be the way.
Assbury's
Both dont employ whites.
SPASDA
Where do you get the P from?
Sainsbury’s Plus Asda ???
Ah ok. Seems a bit crowbarred in just so he could use "spas" but fair enough!
Agreed ... I’m more in it for the corrective RetCon than the spirit of the original portmanteau if I’m being honest :)
Goodbye Sainsbury's. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but soon.
Would be nice for a statement and clarity on workers jobs like mine I like job security @GMB_union
More Job losses Disgraceful
@JamesSmith_WWFC
So it'll be like shit squared then?
Sasda? Ainsburys?
Lol
No no no, please say tis not so.. drat it all anyway..⚘
Asdabury’s ?
I'd be shocked if the CMA allow that to happen.
Dire
forget them
Hi baby Yvonne is
