shud hav been jailed too. far too lenient. young child was taken to hospital. shocking decision
1 the child was taken to hospital for Precaution, there was nothing wrong with her, 2 he has gotten the same punishment anyone else would get if they had done the same, the fine is based on earnings.
Anybody else should have gone to jail. The point isnt that the child was fine, it's that he was drink driving - Grossly negligent and could have killed somebody. Drink drivers deserve custodials.
No they wouldn’t. That’s not within the sentencing guidelines. Which are publicly available should anyone wish to educate themselves on how the criminal justice system actually works in this country.
I study law, and while most of my studies relate to constitutional law, I am pretty well covered in criminal law too. Thanks for the advice, and the total misrepresentation of what I said though.
It was a reply to a comment thread, not you as a very precious individual 
Right in a tweet in which you addressed something you'd imagined I'd said 
Sure dear, sure. You definitely know exactly how I thought. Well done.
Bloody hell thats a fine & a half!!! But l guess it must be proportionate to his wealth !!
I know he has done wrong but people need stop being horrible bout him. He has admitted 2 his guilt and has sed his sorry. His gettin help. And doin all he can 2 make sure it dnt happen again
I think most people are of the mind . Do your crime pay the time. He’s been punished & that’s fair enough & thankfully the little is ok. But you have to remember that there at many cases of drink driving that end up with people dying.
I know tht but people need stop juging. Theres people all over the world tht have done crimes. I have i was arrested 4 mine tht was 5 years ago. All im sayin no is perfect.
Your right no one is perfect & it’s a shame his so called friends allowed him to get in the condition he was in . It must of been obvious that he desperately needed help. Hopefully now he will get the help he needs.
Don't worry about his friends I can't believe his mum let him drive and sat by the side of him. She's as guilty as he is
I have to agree with you on that. He needed tough love not just being allowed to do what he wanted to do. Sometimes people just don’t seem to know what to do for the best even though it’s obvious.
Way too harsh imo.
I agree. Completelyy

Anyone else would be a few hundred. Why is it different for those who have money?
Cause it’s proportionate to their earnings.  It’s not much of punishment or deterrent to fine someone rich £500
One rule for one
Down to the stupid judges I suppose
Ant McPartlin fined £86000, and a 20 month BAN. If this was Joe public there more than likely be a custodial sentence. He can afford to be driven everywhere.
No it wouldn't actually
Not good enough there was a baby involved and he could have killed someone. Anyone else would be imprisoned
but previous sentencing will tell you that they wouldn't, so why say that?
Monday Afternoon license takeaway.
Underrated 
Prison? The public must know such behaviour is unacceptable. But motor vehicles are sacred items
Are prison sentences common for drink driving, first offence?
Only if death has occurred
He should be made to do community service in rehabilitation facility where victims of drunk drivers are trying to piece the body’s and lives back together.
Yeah my thoughts too he can hire a driver and the fine is nothing to him considering what he earns community service might have been a more valuable lesson to him
You are entirely correct.
Got off scot free, wont even feel the fine and Tv will provide a chauffeur,
WHERE is the COMMUNITY SERVICE?
The sentence given, the shame he will have to endure with this being played out in public, the possibility of losing job offers and the fact his personal life is currently in the shitter is punishment enough. First offenders get no different regardless of who they are.
what job offers will he lose? personal life irrelevant. 2/3 1 weeks wages tax deductible, free chauffeur. He has got off scot free, dont be so stupid. punishment for others would be much more severe
I think his lawyer bringing up his 'charity work' to maybe lessen his sentence was a disgrace. His crime was for drink driving & nothing to do with anything else. I don't think a prison sentence was justified, but he definitely should've been given some community work order.
I agree, most ppl have to do community work so why not him?
He mist likely had raised more and done more for charity in one week that you have in your entire life, just because he has had the luck of a great career on tv doesn't mean he is a easy target for you.  Blame the law not the person that has accepted responsibility
So bc he has raised money for charity that excuses the fact that he was over twice the legal limit to drive & crashed into 2 cars injuring some of the passengers?
What an ANTiclimax.
And for those saying "anyone else would have been put in prison"... a quick google search will clearly tell you otherwise.  Ant's been given the standard sentencing given the specific circumstances
Let’s hope this is the turning point for him I wish him well x
I'll just check that with a reputable news station
Then why do you follow or read this page, just to satisfy your anger problem?
Sorry not gone reply to your question! I don't reply to racists and after reading your tweets your obviously one! 
Ant has paid his fine and he will pay the penalty of losing his licence for 20 months. I wish him a good recovery. and I also wish a good recovery to those involved in the collision.
Good news. He could have killed someone
He's got the conviction and fine, now he should be LEFT ALONE to get on with his recovery and trying to sort himself out.
We all make mistakes am sure he will learn from it, not a bad fella just gone off the rails a bit like we all do sometimes!
It like 86 pounds to him should be banned for life if caught drink driving no excuse and sent to prison
Oi oi whos coming for a pint
I'd send them back to get topped up!

...and clearly he hasn’t learned his lesson as he leaves court in his blue car!  #antmcpartlin @antanddec
86 bags, fucking hell.
Peanuts for him
Could of been worse, could of been made to do a Bushtucker trial
Could HAVE! 'Of you heard about Ant?' No, it doesn't make sense either.
He deserved a jail sentence - a child's life was at stake.
It wasn’t even a full weeks wage.
86k..he's probably snorted that in a week
Idiot
U ok luv?
Couldn’t they have just banned him from TV and done everyone a favour.
Too idle to turn your telly off?
Maybe mcpartlin should be jailed. ..time judges stopped being lenient with people who knowingly drink drive.
You then need to petition you local MP and crime commissioners for law changes, not get in the back of someone because they are famous
Nothing to do with fame..if he'd have killed some kids in his drunk state,would you defend a drink driver then?potential murderers should face the full wrath of the law,not let off with fines
Your talking on a scenario that didn't happen and if did would have a different outcome I'm sure.  Think you need to think again mate
No...the fucker deserves all he gets...hope his victims in the cqrs he crashed into take him for every penny.let's hope some piece of shit drunk doesn't kill your family as no one deserves that,wouldn't you agree?maybe You should rethink your attitude
No one was killed mate.  You are still completely over reacting to this particular situation.  I am sure the families will take personal action and get decent payouts.  However comparing this to actual accidents where people have been killed is just stupid
Good but what about all the others that get away with paying peanuts
Fiver a week.
That is so unfair because if that was just a normal person no way would they fined be that much. Shame the person who killed my grandad in a RTC and he was speeding didn’t get the same  he walked away a free man who no fine
Double that fine, give him community service and Strip him of his honour as well
Why should he be treated any differently to anyone else? First offence, no other penalties on license, no-one actually seriously hurt....  he got the standard ban and fine of 2/3 weekly salary.  He already does charity work anyway.
He should have been sent to prison, and banned from driving for life!
Celeb gets off with not even a weeks wages fine and a 20 month ban what sort of example is that for the  young eh disgraceful sentence unduly lenient i hope there is an appeal against it.
Surely it is the same for all of us? 20 mints and £86k doesn't sound like he is getting special treatment.
Your kidding right? He is worth £60 million the fine will be repaid in interest by his wealth by the end of Today no punishment really he can afford a driver to drive him around 24/7 can you or i? nah
So? We are all still subject to the same law and he has been treated the same as you or I would. No point being bitter just because he has a few quid.
Really? Tell it to the drunks in jail for exactly the same offence they just didnt have the dough to book themselves into the priory and a top barrister to save their arse, Still think we are treated the same? Dream on pal
My mother once told me 'never argue with an idiot, as they drag you down to their level then beat you with experience'. Very wise advice.
im going with your mums advice cheerio mate lool
86k that’s an evenings work to him. He will feel that!
He should have got 3 months curfew imo
Glad he didn't go to prison. He can move on from this now. Well done ant for being brave today xxx
Brave? You serious?
Really glad he can move on...what about the people he hit?
They need to move on to
They need to move on to
Ok that seems like a hefty amount. If that was anyone else it’d be a few hundred pounds!
Correct and therefore its entirely fair, it’s based on earnings. Surely it makes sense that if he was fined £500 it wouldn’t be much of a penalty to someone who earns millions a year.
If you look at it from that POV that totally makes sense. Just think it’s a bit much!
It’s not really a POV, it’s means tested.I’m sure he earns about £186,000 a week, so he’s not really going to miss it. It would have been better to fine him,ban him as they have and also give community service. That would prob have a more sobering (excuse the pun) effect on him.
He should have gone to jail!!
Like Tony Adams did!!
He needs a kick up the backside and short sharp shock.
Tough love!!!!
To be fair, Tony Adams got a harsher sentence because he was FOUR times the drink drive limit (Ant was two times). And he actually served less than two months
I am very  biased in my opinion having lost my best friend to a drunk driver.

But I take your point.I have nothing against Ant per se.
But he must understand  fully the dangers of what he did.For Tony the prison changed his life for the better and me him the icon he became.
“He told the judge the incident was down to "a brief relapse" unbeknownst to McPartlin's mother.” “ I still don’t get how mum had no idea he was drunk. He lives with her.
I was thinking the very same. Pretty hefty fine, regardless of his earnings or what he did. I think what happened will be a huge punishment mentally & emotionally in itself
Watch how quick he comes back out of rehab now !!
No excuse for drink driving
Judging by the fact that his mother was in the car with him, It's pretty obvious it wasn't the first time he had driven whilst under the influence.  Either she has a very bad sense of smell or he hides it very well....or she's got a death wish 
In your opinion you don't know any of the facts so why do you think it's acceptable to Say such things
I’m blind I’m blind
@derrickg745 The ban and the money will mean nothing to him, and all I hope and you should hope he never does this again, and gets help for his problems. God bless.
The money, certainly not. But 2 years without driving might
@derrickg745 He could afford to have a London black cab driver at his personal call 24/7, and if he had a good accountant could make it tax deductible .
No doubt he could
What about his precious #OBE???
He’s already got one. You don’t get another for D&D
They only give #OBE's out to #dickhead #pseudo-#celebrities these days, so I guess #AntMcPartlin is entitled to keep his along with the rest of those #sadass #celebs!
I've just achieved the Guinness record for the amount of jaw drops in one minute after reading some of the OTT remarks on here,  some would have is knackers chopped, blended and force fed him through a straw if they had their way.
I think the amount of people that can’t spell or write complete words correctly is criminal. So irritating to read, and whilst they declare themselves as judge and jury, there is no way that they would KNOW what the outcome would be for anyone else in order to compare Ant to.
So true. The knuckle-dragging, pitchfork-holding mob are out in force today!
His mother has got a lot to answer for, getting in the car with him and allowing him to drive.  How irresponsible is she ?  Doesn’t take a lot to take the keys off someone.  Bad decision and bad parenting 
Brits call it “drink driving” ???
We do
Nutters! We call it cruisin’n’boozin here in the colonies.
No taxation without representation!
By the way BBC. news breaking that Robert Fisk reporting from Douba no chemical attack took place
It’s bloody simple don’t drink and drive, in my opinion he should lose his license for life as should anyone else caught doing it, plus get a minimum of community service on top of the fine.
When you get off Scott free
Think he's been punished enough, if that was a normal guy off the street the fine would be significantly lower.  Thankfully no one was seriously hurt and he's been and being punishes, trust me no one could punish him more than he will be himself.
Let them without sin cast the first stone ...
What about the lying BMW driver who claimed his 9 year old boy said he was dying? I smell a huge compo claim scam!
That's a proper fine and fully deserved.
reading this makes me thirsty...
Good.
That is an outrageous fine.
Based on income!
To put it into perspective, he's worth £62million and earns £130k per week. Yeh that £86,000 fine is really going to hurt
Let's wish Ant mcpartlin the best in life,everyone makes mistakes.
#JusticeSystemIndia TV presenter McPartlin fined £86,000 and banned from driving for 20 months, drink driving. 

Penalty in UK is an eye opener, given to a PUBLIC FIGURE ( who are supposedly ROLE MODELS for the society) . COMPARE IT WITH SALMAN, POLITICIANS, VVIPs, Babas&others
In other news, the gas attack Western regimes just took revenge for didn't happen... 
https://twitter.com/BBCBreaking/status/985881062990667776 …

#RobertFisk #Syria #SyriaStrikes #SyriaGasAttack
TV presenter Ant McPartlin fined £86,000 and banned from driving for 20 months, after admitting drink driving https://bbc.in/2H49epk 
Don’t you know what’s happening in Armenia? Please inform it social interest would help our thousands of proteseters, it’s 4;45Am 4th day of protesting in the streets, blocking the streets, metropolitan, and u haven’t still said anything
:
 True Thompson •• #NationalVolunteerWeek •|| So Allah°Will Suffice°You Against°Them 4 ||• https://drive.google.com/open?id=1QtOstNZxklo85BvdhPqRJ2LjdvacBRg1 … •v•
2 things shock me about this - firstly that Ant McPartlin earns 130k a week. That's insane. And secondly that you only get fined 2 thirds of your weekly salary for driving way over the alcohol limit & putting other people's lives at risk. Seems far too lenient.
Agreed look how nany cases in a year and a lot just get small fine to poor box if no one injures need to put in perspective he not a criminal did something wrong ok we all do but  deserves a second chance even those that not like him gotta say same it only humanity
Inappropriate fine  - it means nothing to #antmcpartlin or any of the sponsors that haven’t severed ties. Is it something like 1or2wks wages? He ought to have to carry out unpaid work caring for people disabled in collisions with drunk drivers. #saturdaynighttakeaway
I know he shouldn’t drink drive but is £86k excessive you don’t see criminals that nick cars for a living fined that amount
Have none of you ever made mistakes and taking responsibility for your action @Antmcpartlinrp has maned up and is will to take what's coming to him you all judging him is not going to help. Keyboard worriors who are ye to judge anybody @antanddec hope you recover coin and take c
Sad to see those jealous of Ant's success being bitter and twisted. He committed a crime and suffered a proportionate penalty. Job done.
GOOD
Less than one weeks wages. Ban reduced to 5 months after rehab. No justice at all
Agree with this now apply it to every drunk driver one crime same fine
Just because no-one was hurt does not make this right, the fact he was driving whilst drunk is disgusting
It's easy to judge, but it's more difficult to understand.
Understanding requires compassion, patience and a willingness to believe that good hearts sometimes choose poor methods.
Through judging, we separate.
Through understanding, we grow.
Headline said " Ant McPartlin admits drink driving". The fool was so drunk, seeing him getting out of the car, so unsteady. Then arguing with the police officer. Wonder if he asked how the child was?
@caittanderson
His mother was in the passenger seat. What sort of mother allows their off spring to drive whilst clearly over the limit. He should be jailed along with her.
About right. I hope for his sake he can change paths, as the one he’s on now won’t end well.
he is the multi-millionaire, that is been to consideration, sorry is not hush or to hush, he knew he shouldn't be been driving , THAT IS THE POINT
Hope he gets the help he needs to prevent this awful crime happening again .
Gotta wonder is that the best use of the policemen outside the courthouse? Anyone done a foi to see how much media circus's cost the police service? With all these press conferences
While non-celebrities go to prison for the same thing... #seemslegit
TBH, I'd have liked them to sentence him to a 'foreheadectomy', so's he would have fitted in my telly better in the future?
Good
Somebody earning way too much, to be able to afford 86000£ fine! Is he also going to get 100+ points as well?
Should fine the other one as well.
86K FINE theirs ppl Out their who Do Lot Worse and Get a Slap on the  Wrist 
Good
Good! I'm glad he didn't get off too lightly!
Lock him up!
Neither of which will bother him that much
Do you really call it drink driving instead of drunk driving? That literally means driving a drink.
He's been treated exactly the same as any other person would have been based upon the sentencing guidelines:
He read at 75.
Errrm 86k !!! Nothing like kicking a man when he is down - was magistrates court a bit short this month ?
5 minuted wages and 20 months being driven around by a chauffeur! Let's hope ITV sack him like I would be!
Simply retweeting my boy
Anybody else would have been thrown in jail. A fine and a ban obviously won't stop him from getting into a car drunk. He's dangerous.
Would they now?
He’s laughing he has a contract with itv for £120 Million so £86,000 is a drop in the ocean DRINK DRIVER FIRST Celebrity second!!!!!!!!!
What a relief to the nation. Now we can get on with worrying ourselves silly about the collapse of the NHS, brexshite and WW3
If he was in Scandinavia it would of been more because it goes on what you earn and that’s how it should be in the U.K. but 86k makes no dent in his pocket! 
But he's not in scandanavia.
He's been treated the same as any other uk citizen committing the same crime
If this would of been a non celeb. A average working man it would of been a 20 month ban and £500 TO £800 FINE. No jail sentence. I'm not saying he innocent or it's right. I think he's been treated terrible and £86000 regardless of his wealth is disgusting.
The fine is based on income so fair
So somebody who's on benefits gets fined less than somebody who's wage  average. Don't think so.
Would not have been a prison sentence if it was joe public like everyone is saying! He’s been punished just like everyone else would have been being that much over the limit. Most people get 100 quid fine and 9 month ban.
More to the point who the hell is joe public? 
That’s what people say about normal people! Lol I was reading some of the comments and that’s what people have put they’re annoying me. He’s not gonna be sent to prison for that! He didn’t kill anyone!
Making an example I guess unless it’s based on earnings now?
How do they work out the fine????
Income.
Cheers
He's going through a lot at the minute.
And do we give a shit. ? Really. He is just a TV host,
why wasn't he jailed?
Anyone else......would have got time.......
It's a driving offence. Why should the media try to ruin the guy. Get over it and let him move on
Should have a longer ban, but he can afford to get someone to drive for him.
And what would we mortal souls have got.  At least a short custodial sentence.  But no. It's small change to him, and just a smack on the wrist.  And people have sympathy for him.  HE COULD have killed someone.
If he's killed someone he'd recieve a slap on the hand and sent to bed with no supper. The naughty boy.

Pathetic sentence. ITV & BBC will pay that because ratings are more important.

Average Joe would be sacked from their job.
Apparently they took his -weekly- earnings of £130k into account and fined him approximately 4 days work, presumably he will still keep his job at ITV as well, madness
A crime is a crime is a crime, but to fine him £86,000!!!, I couldn't quite fathom the justification. I'v heard of punishment fitting crime, but fitting your pocket? its a new one.  I hope he finds the inner strength to fight his 'demons' and come thru. a stronger person.
Community service??? Wayne Rooney had to do it Why not him?
Drink driving endangers the lives of pedestrians, cyclists and drivers alike. Nevermind your "boohoo" pleas because you liked him in SMTV Live. The law is the law, he broke it and the fine was proportionate for his wealth.
That's an expensive mistake
Potential killer.
Ant got of very likely. What's 86,00 thousand to him. He should  be band for driving  for life
He should have known better and I'm bored of hearing about him now.
Big companies addict  people in a big way for big business. Fools follow their footsteps!
You or I would be in jail after injuring a kid pissed! £86k is nowt to him and a ban doesn’t mean much, if I had his money I’d have a driver anyway!
I slept in my car drunk and got a £900 fine and a 3 year ban. I didn’t complain about it at the time cause the law is there for all to see, drunk in charge of a vehicle. But this clown should be in jail!
Granted I drove three miles before I crashed out at the lights
Admitting "drink driving" or "drunk driving"? BBC, we learn English from you. Which the correct sentence ? The Queen's land HQTRS.
It's "drink driving" as stated in the original tweet.
ା Sean Hannity ୱ Pulitzer ା ◇ So Allah Will Suffice You Against Them 4 ◇ https://www.dropbox.com/s/odk8hildi23mqkb/F_W.mp4?dl=0 … ୱ
Ant was dangerously irresponsible and deserves to be punished but we appear to have lost sight of a fundamental principle: justice is blind - why should he be treated (fined) on a different basis to anyone else?
A prison sentence may have helped him in the long run.
According to telegraph in 2017  his daily average wage is £79,000 so he’s been fined just over a day. A little too lenient. Everyone has a hard day. He broke the law, the law states if you speed you should be fined up to a week’s wage, he was drunk and caused crash
£86000, could pay for 2-3 extra police on the streets of London to catch proper criminals!!!
His wife will fine him more, this fine will fade into insignificance!!!
£100k a week is quite remarkable. I'm surprised on that money that he doesn't pay someone £2k a week to drive for him, plus a bit of security thrown in too.
I wonder how that punishment relates to a weeks salary.
my heart bleeds for the little geek
What happens to that amount of money?
Government coffers?
gobshite
Don't get me wrong I like Ant & with Dec they are so funny but 20 months & 86,000 I get the ban but 86,000 is a lot of money & b4 anyone starts why wasn't Rooney fined that amount or Rita on Corey st fined that amount , I personally think the judge was wrong to do that .
The fine is way to http://high.money  or not everyone should be fined the same.the ban is fair the fine is not.
Not even a weeks wages 
£86000 fine to a man worth £62000000.  What a joke he won't even know its gone
Now time for rehab
Expensive few pints
That's so good .Most people won't admit or can't admit to drive king while driving .The truth shall set you free .His mind and heart is free and clean.
With the amount that he earns, he could easily hire a driver. In addition to that, we live in the age of Uber and Lyft, you should not get done for a DUI.
Lets hope next time he don't actually kill someone as we know it wasn't his 1st time drink driving  #dontdrinkanddrive
Drink Driving ?
Yes - it says so quite clearly in the original tweet.

Short clip from respected Middle Eastern reporter Robert Fisk from Douma. Spoken to Doctor in Hospital. Claims there was no chemical weapons used. Full interview available tomorrow. If genuine, this is huge. http://podcasts.spiritradio.ie/robert-fisk-from-douma-syria/ …
Please move on to next story he has received his sentence let rim recover ,,be better to ficus kn criminals who gave tbe cheek to exit courts covered up for the shame run fair play ant stood outside and took the questions
How do they come up with £86k?? If it was Jo bloggs off the street it wouldn't have been that. Fact
Should have had jail the twat
He claims to be earning £130k a week (he said so in court, although it's much higher). He has a net worth of 62 million. So his fine equals half a weeks wages and/or 1/720th of his net worth. At least he's not gonna kill some innocent driver or pedestrian for the next 20 months.
Good Message to all
Basically the equivalent of £3.50 to you & me
I wonder if the family he bumped into got a special "place on the plane" to Disneyland the other week.

#SaturdayNightTakeaway
On that income he could afford an army of chauffeurs.
86,000 wtf?
bet he won't get invited to  interview any Royals again
Such a slap on the wrist punishment.
drunken irresponsible multi multi millionaire celebrity loses a bit of change down back of sofa.
Wow!
That's peanuts for him. He can afford lots of taxis ti get around.
Fined less than a week's wages.
SHOULD BE LOCKED UP LIKE ALL DRINK DRIVERS 
86 grand!!! He's been done up like a kipper
So if it was joe blogs getting fined for drink driving he would get anywhere in the hundreds but because it was a Celebrity he gets a fine in the thousands £86.000 ( ok he can afford it ) but is that not morally wrong
No fines are income tested, so that's morally and legally correct.
He could spunk more than that in a night on the piss - the drink driving fines should be much more means tested!
ANTriguing to be sure.
What a joke.
White privilege at its finest....
The SPACE Act of 2015 has opened the opportunity to lay claim to the priceless rare earth elements locked in asteroids. Make your own claim today to an asteroid or exoplanet worth billions: http://WSMCR.org 
That’s nothing to his wage
Twice over the limit gets less than 2 year ban and £86k fine.  Is that tax deductible ? He earns what a year
Very lenient - no deterrent to him - if the bookies accepted a bet , if wager he does it again within 5 yrs - then lock the idiot up
Just seen the statement he did not arsed one bit
He has his fine and ban now, can we move on from it and leave him alone.
Wtf 86 grand where do they get the figure from. The man is ill for goodness sake.
He won’t miss that. He’d lose more than that down the sofa.
Why that much ?
Based on salary
That’s a disgraceful ban for driving with drink. Eighty six thousand fines a joke just because he has money. Five years ban at least #famous
Should have got a jail sentence too. £86k is nothing to him. He can also afford a chauffeur.
Shame he can't afford a taxi
