Well, shit
Another crazy white guy who fails to take his medications but if he is a Muslim the situation will change many things concerning refugees status
he's Armenian
Armenians are Christian
yep, so all this anti Muslim crap is completely wrong
Allah akbar eh
He was Armenian Christian
Christians now are like

Was it a terror attack.  Is that individual confused with the way the world is at present.  How many more will be terminated by this form of madness.

EDM BABY A.W PIANO VER~ 
6/ Remember the shooting in Los Angeles by a non Muslim where 50 died and 400 injured, ever heard anything again. As I said the media will make sure it is forgotten. The media has been successful in brainwashing people.
probably a muslim
Probably not considering his name is of Armenian origin and only 0.1% of Armenians are Muslim. The vast majority are orthodox Christians. Also his attack was in a predominantly Iranian part of Toronto and comes on the anniversary of the Armenian genocide.
Doubtful connection or aside from being a mass murderer, this guy was an idiot.
Sad!
To all the victim family we may not know each other but one thing for sure we feel your pain we are all Canadian if one gets hurts we all feel the pain your not alone

'Lets dance' 
That's not a Muslim sounding name so all that anger & venom spread online against Muslims was just stupid.
Sounds Muslim
Armenian and 100% Christian
Shit
Yeah seems your hope of him being a Muslim just got destroyed...
There was no hope. It just sounded Muslim
FRENCH IMMIGRANTS NEED TO LEAVE CANADA
Alek is a greek name
And he was Armenian
Serial killers tend to be white men... Maybe white men should be banned?
Yes, but white mother's raise those white men, so white mother's should be banned as well.
Uhm, so their fathers didn't raise them at all?
Yh but women give *birth* to those white men. Also, those white men tend to be straight and hence have girlfriends who should be banned as well.
8/ If a Muslim kills one person the whole community is blamed as well as the religion but if a non Muslim kills a thousand people only that person is blamed and no one else or the religion of Christianity. Well done the media you have been successful in dividing communities.
5/ If it is a non Muslim who kills a large number of people the media cleverly say it was a mental issue or personal problems but for Muslims it never is a mental problem but something far bigger, they bring religion into it. Shame. You are no different from the Nazi propaganda.
Muslims be like
Suspect? Did they pull this dude straight out te van?

Rest in peace
May that driver rot in prison for the rest of his life. Unfortunatley prisoners are kept warm and fed
why?
I'm sure Trudeau will consider the Martyrdom worth it.

If it means finally defeating the Bruins.
Seriously. One word about that.

You all die.
If Hymen's the star no wonder he's furious.
He is white, so he is not terrorist just disturbed
Don't worry, people like him want to bring race into everything.
No but really Max, imagine he was a Muslim what would the reactions be?!
A lot of people die and your immediate concern is political correctness.
His race doesn't matter
I agree it doesn't, so when someone pursue such act we should label him as a TERRORIST regardless of his race or religion!
#Toronto Entry of all kinds of vehicles into towns and cities in world should be banned to avoid accidents, terrorist attacks and air/noise pollution. People should walk atleast walkable distances
This is Yonge street at the end of the subway line. You're talking about banning cars at the start of suburbia?!?!
Let children and lungs breathe pure air. Eardrum shouldn't rupture. Keep vehicles out of living places
We all know the motivation behind this.
White ....
Why does that matter?
For me it matters because for years the cop-out has always been "of course it's a muslim". Now that there are more publicized and dangerous attacks by white people, the cop-out is now "of course it's a white person". No one likes having their entire people group held responsible.
4/ The words like Islamic Terrorist, Muslim terrorist , Jihadist, Islamic Fundamentalist are name used to defame Islam and Muslims. Ever heard of Christian terrorist, Christian fundamentals or Hindu or Bhuddist terrorist, of course not.
3/ Only the wise understand what is really going on. The rest are brainwashed ( Islamophobic)     therefore quick to jump on the bandwagon.
2/ If it we’re a Muslim it would be main news in every channel and would be called a terrorist attack and made sure it is never forgotten. Shame on the Western Media for creating divisions in society through such tactics. And shame on those who forget all those school shootings .
1/ This will never be called a terrorist attack because he is not a Muslim,even  if he kills a thousand people . It will be forgotten very shortly just like all those terrorist attacks which have happened in the past by non Muslims. Remember recently in the USA, in fact many.
CBIS Stock is where its AT!  Get in early for the ride up!!!  http://icannabinoid.com/  
https://www.cannabisscience.com/index.php/news-media/cbis-latest-news …
Mary's Chase Bank details for my birthday 3 Cindy Mackie Brown Jacqueline and the Bisset in DC YouTube.Comidsofiabulgariyromanianbucharesttst@youtube.com swedenborgjustices.gov@gmail.com
People have a right to assume this was an islamic terrorist attack. There's been more than 32,000 deadly terrorist attacks by muslims since 9/11. 
This scumbag has an Armenian name, but is not a Christian. He could be a proxy islamic terrorist. It won't be hard to recruit one.
Earlier you had a picture of a muslim woman with a headscarf in a building for this headline. Why? What did an innocent muslim woman with a headscarf and earphones on have anything to do with this?Did you just randomly pick ant pic to go up coz you didn't have one of the sus yet?
Painting-Artist-TK-Haridasan-INDIA-
Whatever you guess as to his religious faith ..or not. The plain fact he is a criminal and should be treated as such until justice has been served
Look what a suprise he came to Armenia from Syria.
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/988712975279177728?s=19 …
FUCK AVICII WHAT ABOUT People commiting suicide because of universal credit, sort it out muppets.
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/988675513618059266?s=19 …
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/988679159554555905?s=19 …
Find him and put him down. If he’s some sort of radical wing nut of some denomination that is hellbent on killing innocent people........execute him in public.
My deepest condolences .
My almighty God keep them strong and bless the souls that have been taken away by evils.
woo
Instagram private profile viewer 2018 -NO SURVEY
http://getpasswordrecovered.com/instagram-private-profile-viewer-2018-no-survey-view-private-instagram-profiles-without-following/ …
Shocking!!!!
Why is he only a suspect, didn't they catch him actually in the driving seat?
He hasn't gone to trial yet. Afaik you're designated as a suspect until conviction
Also religious aims of any kind. But I agree with you

So he was Armenian
Tragic.May their souls rest in peace.
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/988667288394985477?s=19 …

EDM BABY POWER POP 7~ 
Wow good news from the west ages....cheers
BBC FAKE NEWS.All Armenian name is in the end with YAN not how you writhe.
Noooo...you mean it wasn't the NRA? #diversityandinclusion
What’s this even supposed to mean?
sarcasm
Really? He doesn’t sound the type!
Shame Canada does not have the death penalty. This monster needs to be dealt with. #evilscum
Strongly Agree.. The Devil will have his time with his #evilscum ASS..
I don't belive one word,we know who do terrorist attack like this one =Barcelona,Nice France,Berlin,Australia.....
Yes Danny we all know who you want it to be
Execute the khant
Outlaw Vans
Terrorist attack from an Armenian guy. No motive so far but who cares.Jail for life!
He's Armenian but MA have been inspired online
He lived in an affluent suburb, Richmond Hill, with his family and attended a community college.
This was a terrorist attack regardless of his ethnicity which is Armenian.He planned this attack with a rental car and mowed down innocent pedestrians walking on the sidewalk on a lovely spring day.
He should be imprisoned for life. The area is near my home.
In fact, early terrorist organizations were Armenian, such as Tashnak and Hnchak
I am shocked this could happen in Toronto, (went to school there) but sadly not surprised. Guessing this will lean more toward a mental health issue.  Compassion and condolences to Toronto this evening. #TorontoStrong
Van attack and not Terrorist attack? 
Guess the Headline changes with names.

#Toronto #TorontoAttack #TorontoStrong #TerroristAttack #Terrorism #Hypocrisy #hypocrites
He is Christian Armenian terrorist.
Tragic in every sense of the word. Absolutely pointless. When does it end?
Start profiling n save lives
Pray for the victims of this awful terrorist attack. #TorontoStrong.
To which god ??? And there is the problem. Take god out if the equation a lot of problems are solved

25-year-old Syrian man kills 10 and injures 15 in van attack in Toronto.
Alek Minassian is the alleged driver. Said one witness, "I'm sure it was like a terrorist attack because he…
Let me guess? Mental illness and possible drug use.
It seems these (mentally ill) people always leave blatant hints that they plan to kill students in a school, shoot people in a nightclub or run them down on a sidewalk.  If you read or hear someone threatening violence, don’t ignore it.  Tell the authorities and save lives 
Dirty little freak. Doesn't deserve the media attention. Focus only on the victims
@CBCNews hello???? Are you guys there??? Why don’t u report this. This happened in CANADA
From his last name, It appears he is of Armenian decent. Ironically, he chose to do this horrendous act one day before the Armenian genocide memorial day (April24).
The white taliban strikes again
A suicidal act of cowardice?  Couldn’t just go alone, had to have an entourage with him...
Armenian Christian terrorist killed 9 people in Toronto. Is it time to ban the Kardashians?
Always was.
Not a Muslim.
Sending prayers for all people involved.
That’s going to help
Thanks GOD its not terrorism?
Just look at the news and its not a Muslim otherwise it's a terrorist attack. civilization at its worst
"alek" ... that doesn't sound a muslim name !!
The death toll has risen to 10.The driver Alex Minassian ,25, is from Richmond Hill.
Why's this not addressed as a terrorist attack? if the suspect isn't Muslim doesn't mean he's not a terrorist
Intent & motivation are required to establish if it were terrorism. As this is not yet known, how can it possibly be labelled as such?

Did they find any social agenda of his to be the motive yet? I must have overlooked that. Source?
Ya we've got an immigration  problem as well.
Do as we do in the US. Catch and Release.
He was Canadian born. Try again.
Incident = terrorist attack
Shitty season= no playoffs
Terrorism involves pursuit of political aims, but in my opinion, If you mow down innocent civilians, shoot them, stab them, or use bombs then you are a terrorist. The world is rife with terrorists of all colours, nationalities, religions.Until we realise this, it will not go away
No, you're not a terrorist. You're a monster, yes, and inhuman, and scum. But I wouldn't be an adulterer either if I sleep around and am not married. Details matter. They're important for the police regardibg how to prevent such in the future.
Now the bots are scrambling. This is just too much...
Did the NRA do that too?
This human piece of garbage.
Armenian?
He is not a Terroist rather a white guy with a disturbed mind.  
Let me guess! He was one of those poor buggar that are destroying our world. Hang the bastard
No, Trump was at the White House.
That Man Is a piece of waste
Alek Minassian, an Armenian and a Christian, so not terrorism.
So sick of these monsters in society

DO NOT do this  #dotinspection #cmvinspection #inspector #trooper #tire #2/32 #flat #ply #tread #wheel #fastener #rim #lugnut #hub #axle #differential #underinflated #cve #commercialtruck #semitrailer …
WTF? You might want to fix your automated tweets. Not appropriate.
There's violence every where!
Was that the "run away van" you tweeted about earlier? van attacks peoplekind? - do I need to show you the screen grab?...
Take a cold shower.
French Canadian?
Yes french.
mon Dieu
Good job!   Wow
