no. the biggest threat to the world is the US and Israel.
Dont forget saudi
China, North Korea, Russia.. 

The list goes on..
Time to leave the planet
Except that there aren't any chemical weapons. Just like there weren't any WMDs during saddam's time
Why blow up the sites before regulators can do a search for chemical warfare?
They won't let us go to there chemical weapons facilities
What are you talking about? The OPCW were going there either today or tomorrow.  However those sites were bombed before they could arrive.  WHY? France said hey had proof since 2013 WHY ONLY mention it 4 yrs later? Did you make this fake Twitter account just to be a DICK?
US,UK and France has no Proof they make false flag Actions and then tell the People VIA Mainstream Media that they SUSPECT that Syria has Chemical Weapon so they can start a War and Steal resources before America goes blank "no money more too much Depts
We took blood from the Syrian people yo, they be fucked up wit chlorine in there blood, not the swimming pool kind ether yo
Biggest threat to world peace is the USA and Israel !
This is how!
Crystal clear 
For those who can think beyond the lies of mainstream media!
Obviously he’s not the smartest kid on the block and didn’t get your point, maybe he’s from another galaxy.
Blowing up proof that there's no chemical weapon, so convenient.
Maybe stop making them then?
soap powder
Fanatics run American state is a bigger threat to world today

Maybe Britain should stop exporting the materials to make them then!!
America destroyed Iraq over the issue of weapons of mass destruction which was never found they only give false excuses to gain their interests without considering loss of human lives
The threat to the world, is USA!
The US is a threat to us all.
by the way, when your rockets allegedly hit the chemical stores, the claimed gas bombed didn't cause any casualty?!
US, UK and France has throw back the policy of the UN to shape together an world bassed on international law and justice for al sovereign state en country. Actually back in time, to the colonial age! They are together the threat for the futere of globel peace and justice.
No there not a threat to us all. Stop shit stirring. We heard the same lie come out of Tony Blair’s mouth on Iraq. We don’t want a war. No one wants a war! People have cottoned on and tired of it. The masses are waking up. Peace is the only option
Greed and aggression are the greatest toxins, @nikkihaley. Shame on you all.
BBC bunch of lying shills #fakenews
 CHEMICAL and NUCLEAR weapons first used by  US against poor Vietnams  Nagasaki Hiroshima Okinawa  not syria
"Chemical weapons are a threat to us all" couldn't agree more. So why hasn't the US destroyed it's stockpiles as it was supposed to under international treaty. 

Apparently it is due to a "lack of funds" says the richest country in the world.
Hippy
James, I guess you got bored from watching Rangers play Hearts for the 17th time this session and decided to add an insightful angle to this topic. Thank you for your contribution.

You need a woman to do your talking for you? Rangers fans seem to have gone full soy since I was last there. Back in the day, Glasgow was full of real men who didn't need chick gifs.
That comment says all you need to know about you.
I know, witty, non confined by language imposed on me by leftists and willing to fight back. Have a beautiful Saturday.
Your right ? As in conservative?
So are the Phukin LIES the BBC & Sky news are trying to Brainwash people with . TRUTH DOES NOT FEAR INVESTIGATIONS . Funny how it's always the kids that get hit with these " Chemical attacks "
BREAKING: Weapons are a threat, says US ambassador to UN
ISIS, financied by Saudi Arabia, used chemical weapons at least 52 times in #Syria & Iraq according to the New York Times citing London's IHS Conflict Monitor
Then perhaps the US can stop stalling & destroy their own huge stockpiles of chemical weapons? @OPCW @UN Can you order the immediate destruction of US chemical munitions overseen by the @OPCW ?
She mentioned ww1 ww2 use if chemical weapons then jumped to the present , but forgot to mention the mass use of chemical weapons by the Americans in Vietnam .
They’re actually not though are they, I mean statistically. You could replace ‘chemical weapons’ with ‘ladders’ or ‘poisonous spiders’ and it would be statistically more true.
What a complete load of bollocks. Knife crime in London is killing more people per year. Are we gonna cruise missile strike hackney or Brixton.
It's a problem but we dont want world war fucking three.
United States is actually the biggest threat to the world.
 = biggest threat ever!!!
...say the bastards that drenched Vietnam in Agent Orange....
Things are getting messy. Everything gonna end up on Iran . Don’t we know. Bunch of lairs . This time #Russia is telling truth. accept it

It's all about oil, money. You don't care how many lives are lost. All you care about is oil. It makes me sick. It's sickening to watch. You are an absolute disgrace.
http://www.GETAnalysis.ca  - It would have been better if there had been more definitive proof of #Syria's guilt, but no one is going to feel bad about #Assad getting hit
I'm sure the people of Japan would agree
lol lies
No @nikkihaley what's clear is that the US UK and France are a threat to the rest of the planet.
...and it's a french person who wants @France's head of state deposed for what he ordered illegally that tells you so.
Insofar as "chemical" #falseflag attacks create a pretext for globalist war, yes
https://twitter.com/BBCBreaking/status/985181860220125184 …

#NWO
"Chemical weapons are a threat to us all" - US ambassador to UN @nikkihaley on #SyriaStrikes  https://bbc.in/2Hn6BSJ  
Use internet and independent journalists as they are the best source for information in conflicts. BBC, Sky, Fox, CNN, Al-jazeera Channel 4 the list is endless all have one agenda. Gone are the days when you could trust the news. Question everything you see read and hear.

Роджер Уотерс из Pink Floyd осудил бомбардировки Сирии во время концерта в Испании 
I condemn strongly the use of chemical weapons, however it must be remembered the first country to use them was the United States when they distributed blankets infected with smallpox to Native Americans. It was beastly then, it is beastly now.
Any body, with a brain, knows that the crusaders are not happy , with Russia and Syria , killing all the isis, diash, moderate rebal etc, and there was no chemical attack by the Syrian army, Theresa may, Boris johnson, yous will be seen as the  liers.
Global Warming is way more dangerous. Racism too.
The biggest threat to any country is the UN & any elected or self elected politician
My problem with the  US is that I can remember Colin Powell sitting at the UN and saying that they have proof of Iraq having weapons of mass destruction,  none were ever found
Fascinating to read some of these comments....
When world goes warring, it causes domino affect/Whirlwinds of hate and zeal take their own course/World bent on killing, bullets of hatred can't deflect/What is won by wisdom, can never be gained by forces
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Sturgeon reckons not to Scotland.  The Scottisj Nationalist has it that a’body loves the Scots and nobody, they claim, would ever want to do us harm.
Yep like Iraq ?
The US is a threat to all 
Why any proof was not presented by US in the SC when they claim they have undeniable evidence on the use of Chemical Weapons by Syrian Government. The credibility of this kind of action becomes questionable without any proof.
The Biggest THREAT is the US government which obliterated and devastated Yugoslavia, Iraq, Libia, Afganistan, Yemen and to be continued
Americans use chemical weapons on Syria civilians. Then claim it is Syria government. Just for them to start war.
Do you know what else is a threat to us all, weapons of mass destruc...oh wait
@nikkihaley how can you seat on that chair and blatantly LIE? Are those chemical weapons similar to the WMD that were NEVER FOUND in Iraq? You're just a ridiculous servant of greed & evil, yet accomplice in its crimes.
YOU PEOPLE CAN'T SPOT TRUMP AS A "MAJOR" LIFE THREAT? HE'S WORSE THAN A CHEMICAL WEAPON HE'S A DEATH SENTENCE TO OUR CONSTITUTION.
Chemical weapons aside, Syria is also ripe for oil, gas and construction projects once the Assad regime has been dismantled and his billions are re-distributed among the various 'good guy' terrorists as it was in Libya. Libya 2011: the mother of all kickbacks #syriastrikes
They lie. Lavrov: Swiss lab says ‘BZ toxin’ used in #Salisbury, not produced in #Russia, was in #US & #UK service
If you will be Asad would you use chemical weapon when all world is watching you?
Don't ack innocent when you used chemical weapons on our own troops and still deny efffect.
#AgentOrange
USA

#VietnamWar
Then how's about you get rid of your arsenal of them too?

Hypocritical, egotistical, unstable fucking morons!!


@Richard64782909 chemical attacks are 
Harmful ,but so are Acid Attacks in Our
Country .
За систематические нарушения и пренебрежение к Уставу ООН,USA автоматически должны быть исключены из её состава.USA без полномочий ООН уже давно терроризировали и бомбили многие страны,заставляя своих вассалов делать тоже самое,чтобы прикрыться ими как щитом.USA-это зло в кубе
This woman is such a joke.
FU, & fuck ur fake lies!
Technically any weapon is a threat to us all - guns kill more people than chemical weapons
The AXIS: USA, ENGLAND, FRANCE, TURKWY AND ISRAEL.
So lets say the US and all other countries do nothing, leaving Assad’s regime completely unchecked. You guys all cool with innocent civilians being attacked with chemical weapons? I’m sure as hell not. Get over yourselves, the US isn’t perfect but its not evil either.
And that blind ignorance is why people are against the US
Care to elaborate? Or no, because you can’t back that statement up.
I don’t sit on twitter all day love and where do you get off expecting an answer when you want it think you just proved my point
Just try to have an open mind. Be accepting of all people, we’re individuals. Our governments aren’t us, and don’t necessarily represent how we are as individual people. Spread peace, don’t blame citizens, blame governments
US Ambassador to the UN: Nikki Haley is an excellent United States representative.
She is an effective diplomat and has a calm demeanor, while making the United States positions crystal clear.
With our goal being world peace, her diligent efforts should be applauded.
God bless!
The real threat is Trump and US' policies and European countries which hidened their imperialist policies with democracy shows!
And what abt the other weapons that helped u to kill millions of ppl around the world? Do they bring peace and happiness?
The attack was staged or informed to the other party/ies whenever you wish to look at it. It's not going to change anything. It seems that this is just trying to defuse the attention of the public into a different issue. I can't wait for you to stop covering.
so, is there no possibilities of putting a stop to this?
Nope. That’s not true at all. Unless in a round about way, the US is saying that if chemical weapons are being used by rogue states the US might see this as a licence to use them on their own population. Or do you mean in an abstract ‘threat to the ideal of humanity’ way 
I will fix your wordpress website any kind of issues. and build your personal & business website
So please explain why Robert Fisk interviewed locals who said there was no chemical attack ?
All weapons are a threat to us all. Peolpe who think they are superiour to others is a threat to us all. Equality!
An old joke !!!
Didn't George work for the Beeb?
if yu find that #ChemicalWeapons were not used.. Will yu apologize to #RussiaSyria or yu will cover up again?

Correct,but you Americans are  not  realising the threat of your gun culture which is destroying more human lives.
For your name's sake, God continue to deliver the world from the grip of  evil and wicked persons with special reference to the Syrian crisis.
We don't need them in this era. Let mankind enjoy life freely.
Limp wristed Pacifists are the biggest threat....The strong will alway prey on the weak...
The audacity of this fury crosses all boundaries.This scum does not understand that soon the USA will get a good kick in the ass and the problems will move to the territory of the USA and England, where they will answer for all the world chaos
а вот и "жертвы" химической атаки перед началом очередного голливудского фильма ужасов!
and so is @nikkihaley #SyriaStrikes .... this is not serious!
3 leaders @trump @theresa_may @EmmanuelMacron  struggling with domestic politics go on a rampage again !  
maybe they found the weapons left there by Saddam :)
The US is a bigger threat to us all? Shoot now and ask questions later mentality isn't going to move humanity forward.
Why don't we trace the source of that weapon?we all know who's capable of creating that kind of weapon.god help us.
gg russians
Syria doesn't have any Chemical Weapons I can verify that, But UK, USA, Israel, Have massive stock piles of Chemical, Biological, If the OPCW or anybody with a decent Spirit and Law abiding Body where those stockpiles are.
Trust America & Britain to justify bombing another nation. But when terrorism comes knocking on their doorstep they don't blame themselves for not sitting down n looking for trouble.
Undoubtedly,but gauging the degree of deterrence is a nightmare for any politician considering proportionately much worse consequences of provoking the Russian bear.
this dog of US is a liar and cheat everyone.  it is also a habit of US and israel.
Of course they are they always have been! What we need to do is get rid of those who have them! Al Assad, Putin!
Who mucked up in Iraq, Lybia & Iraq? What has the West achieved for its own people?
Who is threatening the children in The Yemen?
Truth and only Truth ....and ...THIS tells us ALL
"ANYONE..." Can start this FIRE, this little people CAN NOT RULE OUR LIVE, Playing weapons Games. 
WE ONLY HAVE ONE WORD. NO MORE
You & the rest Deluded allies add all Evidence of a Hero Assad's Chimical Attack, Fine you can use that Evidence at the Hague to defend your self. But Syria as got Skip loads of your War-Crimes. You ant going to save thugs in UK there already in Deep shit Assassin's  Aggression
yall used an atomic bomb and killed thousands of Japanese people yet now here U are acting like Gods. how many Syrians do yall wanna kill?
No one is guilty, until it is proven. 
Justification "... Highly probable" to carry out an attack, is terrorism out of all the laws. Why UK, USA, FRANCE can broken our laws? I don't think so...
That's kinda obvious... let's hide now 
White House lies, insults and denigrating FBI is bigger threat for US and for world which can't anymore trust US in doing anything in a sane, decent manner
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Why aren't we concerned about fallout from bombing the places we say stored chemical weapons? Why didn't we let the investigation conclude?
This is STILL about overthrowing Asaid and bringing a gas pipeline through Syria. It's about cutting Russia out of supplying Europe with gas
Use 'words' as evidence now, not even a bottle of powder.
True but the leaders in Syria do not want to talk peace all the want is a malitaly solution
I really hope she runs for President of the United States...soon!

So are conventional bombs, nuclear bombs, guns, mines etc.....................
When that guy Truman comes it will be too hot there ...
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/985466797796323328 …      .........
Why don't the US talk about its chemical weapons,which they have the most on earth and which they have long been under a Treaty with Russia to destroy,as Russia has done?But you can see that there is no money in the…
Not nuclear ?  All power greedy war mongers trying to deceive each and every human being and developing huge distractive weapons every day to show their stupid strength  other human race to fulfill their stupid power greed .This competition will destroy this beautiful plant soon.
#NoWarInSyria
Nikki Haley - the banality of evil
Only trouble is your BBC your looking in the wrong place for Chemical Weapons in Syria they gave them up for even better security. Unless its that we sent to make Chemical weapons, But there is Chemical stockpile in USA, UK, You  need help finding then BBC News.
The biggest world threat is Israel and Russia
Both Japan n Germany wanted 2 use hot air balloons 2 dump disease on US soil during WW11.
Baby boomers had Nam, millennials had Iraq.. At least my generation will now have have some pointless war to go die in. Whoop de fuckin doo
the country who started the war is the biggest threat to us all
Governments lies are the biggest threats to humanity. We need more transparency
And you #American government is for whole #World. 
#GetWellSoon you #3Idiots & #SaudiArabia
Who the hell she is
The Lord's judgment will come.
Hegemonism and power politics says never on behalf of truth.we feel ashamed for @realDonaldTrump and the hawks of English and France,and the all western media which choosed silent and to confuse people,and feel so sorry for @BasharAljafari1 and people in Syria.
Stop lying
I think the US and its dog UK are the threats of human beings
Americans are sinking into their own stupidity.
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrmFXc3g8fI&sns=tw … via @youtube

If @USUN @UKUN_NewYork @franceonu @SwedenUN r all so concerned abt #chemicalweapons y hasn't the US destroyed their stockpile yet whilst demanding other nations to do so?
y didnt #Assad gas 40Ks rebels&families awaiting evacuation @ same place/time?
Became clear 3 have gone ROGUE
who controls the media, who wins the war.
In General, the United States is the only country primenjavshaja ALL TYPES of WMD. The evil empire and Anglo-Saxon hypocrisy In General, the United States is the only country primenjavshaja ALL TYPES of WMD. The evil empire and Anglo-Saxon hypocrisy
Nikku for President
OK but so is nut jobs like you Nikki
Blessed are those who make peace... they will be called children of God (Matt 05:09). God bless America and protect America.
God bless all of us. We are all children of god. And america is Sodoma. Your politicians are in bed with satan not with god. They make wars and lies for the evil not for the peace. Wake up! listen! Open your eyes
Well tell her to stop selling them to foreign powers then
To prevent Chemical weapons and it’s treat. You have to change Assad regime... the savagery and barbarian regime at Middle East.
If Russia can smuggle nerve gas into U.K., why can't they just ship chemical weapons to Syria? Assad doesn't need any chemical weapons mfg. capacity.
And your country has it.
Un should also like take action against indian army who is brutally killing children under the pretext of terrorist the vally has so many cases atrocities of the indian army on the innocent ppl of kashmir
What do u thin Theresa May is a deserved politician?  I think UK got it's history world lowest quality and unable politician. Suppose tomorrow it's start 3rd world war. will Theresa be an able to safe UK. Theresa is a poor quality politician.
Bbc whay don't you report about the big exploitation  which took place a hour ago in North sirya bay aircraft and cous a lot damage and killing.i think by my country Israel.we done a good job.we also tak care  that Iranians had other enemy's  will killed not like us British  fran
that is what will happen if they attack Syria AGAIN withouth any Proof and so SUSPECTING OR WE SUSPECT
WW3
I expect Nikki Haley is saying  that  being blown up by missiles ,  or being starved to death is much better as is happening in Yemen with approval of US , UK and rest of Western world.
Welll done mam
more suspicion is enough...Moreno when d sites are identifiable
جواب ایران در آینده خیلی خیلی نزدیک در پاسخ به گستاخی آمریکا را همه خواهند دید
Good job

So is the Trump government
Yeah..pity we have more and used more than anyother nation on earth.
Yes
N who invented updated sold n is selling n will keep on selling chemical weapons ?
Yes! American made chemical weapons are an especially big threat to us all. Just ask the Kurds in Iraq. Saddam used American chemical weapons on his own people. Never forget!
Never forget America is responsible for using 2 of the biggest chemical weapons on 2 civilian targets killing in excess of 200000 civilians
Those pesky Russians are getting in the way and way too big 4 their boots, are they?
Im surprised she can even  spell chemical weapons, special kind of stupid that women
Barely keeping the country financially afloat, but Syria can hit strike us all.
Is this the same story as Yugoslavia, remember 1999. Did you attack Syrian people with nerve gas for your propaganda? And then you attack them with tomahawks with depleted uranium? I m sick of you and America as world peace keepers. You are the BIGGEST KILLERS in the world. 
.i. U biatch
Kurvo !
The  drums of war are becoming deafening.
America should take stock at what happened to France for getting involved in a internal British matter, they had a revolution because they
Overspent and  the  people sufferd and rose up to throw down the old order.
So is bombing a soverign country, who happens to be a UN memember
True.... The most deadly chemical right now is a hair dye and it's user residing at the WH
