RIP Arsenal Fan TV
It’ll take more than him leaving for them to stop being shite. ArsenalFanTV will live on hahahahaha
Haha! It won’t be as entertaining anymore though
Hope they get in a poor manager. Can you imagine them all moaning and wanting Arsene back 
Give them Pardew
Ooof. Evil. I like it.
Lmao 
Think he’s done all he can and prob best to leave now. Good manager though.
Agreed, was nowhere near along the great managers like Sir Alex or Bill Shankley but was still better then 95% managers in world football
He’s still gonna go down as one of the best managers ever for the Prem, second only to Ferguson for the PL era
I agree on that
Just imagine if he could spend like Pep Guardiola does, all these past years. Would’ve won 10 League titles.
I doubt it, in the last few years he has had the money to spend. Like Sanchez,Ozil, mustafi, Xhaka, lacazete and Abumeyang. He just doesn't have what it takes anymore tactically, on he's day he was a great manager in 2000's
I don’t agree. His main problem has been his defence and goalkeeper. Pep Guardiola has been allowed to spend 50 million per player on each of those 5 positions. Wenger has never spent near that amount.
Yeah he didn't spend as much as pep, City deservedly won the league no one stood a chance this season, but the problem is Wenger has failed for 14 years now even when Pep wasn't here he still only managed to scrape 4th place every year and got humiliated in europe.
He is the best manager they will ever have. I really can’t wait until Arsenal fans find that out the hard way next season, gona be hilarious. 
I couldn’t agree more. Arsenal are going to realize they have lost a great... albeit stubborn man.
Yes indeed.
Agree to that. Being an arsenal fan, was a bit surprised by some of his decisions. Guess all those who called for his exit will find out that stability is a luxury. 
I’m not an Arsenal fan, but I’m not scared to admit that Wenger is one of the greatest football managers of all time, and Henry too is a legend.
I’ll miss watching him trying to fasten up his coats 
In one of them he looked like the Michelin man.

Good video always made me laugh when he sat down it almost looked like the front went up lol.
Haha he did love those long coats


Once he leaves all arsenal fans are gonna be like we’ll miss him and say how he was good but spent the last 5 years slating him
poorman's sir alex
He was like a poor Sir Alex - never had anywhere near the money that Ferguson was able to spend at United...
same could be said about trophy room-Sir alex spent a fortune on silver polish
Wenger never had much need for silver polish - just 3 Premier League titles, 7 FA Cups, 7 Community Shields...
ence-poorman's sir alex.
As a #LFC fan, #MerciArsène for the beautiful football your team produced throughout the years.
Legend. But it's time to go
#JusticeActivityInZurich #JusticeForTrabzonspor #ZurichJusticeSearch
'football history'.  

Give him the credit he deserves.  He changed the game in england, no doubt about it.
@TapfumaMakina thoughts...
I’m so excited 
Who’s next? Viera?
Wenger was talking him up. But I don’t know if MLS is enough experience. Zidane did it at Real with no top flight coaching experience, maybe Vieira can too
Big shoes to fill! Interesting to see who they go with and how long they’ll stay. Any preferences?
Arsenal fans are disgraceful for pushing Arsene Wenger out, He has done a brilliant job at Arsenal no matter how much stick he gets probably one of the ever managers in the world.

YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS GOD IS GOOD
Legend
@cjfajardo92 
Don’t play with me man 
es verídico... ARSENE WENGER renuncia al final de temporada.... ahora hay que esperar que la directiva tome una buena decisión con el nuevo técnico!
Veo la tierra prometida en el horizonte!
Termina toda una era en el @Arsenal, se va luego de 22 años Arsene Wenger #DespiertaConLoret
Y en México durán 5 semanas jaja
The Vengabus has reached the terminus!
@Dbiz14, how you feel.......
A great man
Good manager. Good not great
Was great, ruined his legacy.
@JamesGhillyer
Dunno if im happy or sad
I’m sad
Hopefully we win the europa league for him!
@97johnkennedy
Odds on there being no proper successor lined up??
I thought that. But surely wenger wouldn't leave unless he knew who would replace him. Rumours say that there's no-one lined up though. Our club is a shambles
Sometimes it's only when people go that you see their true worth...A top manager with a great brand of playing the game.
@EternoTuzo_Heat
Oh my God it is
Damn....
Definitely the end of an era.. 22 yrs is legendary No guarantees we get a better replacement.
The hero Arsenal needs, and certainly deserves right now. #MerciArsene
Is that who I think it is
Bruhhhhhhh @ACMI7AN
Shook.
@benni_mac happy??
Always
@blinknyouredead
dis you
He earned the right to decide when to step away. Not a gooner myself, but you have to admire 22 years at the cut-throat pinnacle thst is the EPL. Careful what you wish for Arsenal fans who have booed him in the last few years.
I’m a Man UTD fan and I have the utmost respect for this man. If Mourinho wasn’t already at the helm, one wouldn’t mind Wenger stepping in as he’s class.
@iniziW
Hahahahaha least we won’t see that horrid extra long jacket anymore.
Init man, capital b down to his knee caps
HOLY SHIT.
Kinda feel sad now.. 
But for his last ever season mate, would be a nice send off for him. No matter what he’s done, he’s still been loyal to us and for his first part of his arsenal career it was special.
@Nate_Irish :o :o :o
The 'ludicrious perfomance' joke literally has weeks to live :/
That's what I was thinking :(
@CollSimon 
Haha haha good luck with that xx
I wonder? Will it be a case of........ 'You don't know what you've got till its gone!'
Thank you Arsene for everything you have brought to the game and for the memories. You will always be a legend.
A legend? For what!!’
22 years. Don't be daft, no one can deny what he's done for Arsenal and the english game.
@dlalisa123 you must be happy 
Yeeey... I'm so excited man
And all of a sudden, I feel bad.. But he should rest
Be careful what you wish for! Disgraceful decision. Never given a chance! Driven out by ungrateful and deluded fans!
Respect for him 
His efforts in recent years, in particular, should never be forgotten.
@yama_asmaty @Martin12marquez LOOK AT WHAT YOU HAVE DONE
I HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS
@Neefey5 !!!!!!!!!!
i legit never thought it would happen!!!! gotta send him off the right way now tho
@828Princess
I am in denial! But this is good news...bittersweet too.
Not one of my favourite managers but can’t have nothing but respect for what the man has done and achieved within the game. Good luck Arsene
He probably should have left last season, but what's done is done. I'm with you.
Fixed.
Only 5 years too late, never thought this day would ever come, but we are finally here.
A great day for @arsenal.
Wenger Out
Brendan Rodgers 
Trophy every 2.2 years...yeah what a "Banter Era".
Yeah, not when you support a club who’ve won one trophy in 155 years. 
hop we wil get agood manager than wenger
The man is a legend. Arsenal supporters never had it so good, they will learn to appreciate that after he’s gone. 
Thank you for enhancing the game in England.
au revoir Arsene
Well done Arsene- a great career and contribution
Awesome Arsene should be remembered fondly as a visionary and genuine game changer who,  has left a legacy that needs to be nurtured and developed to move forward again.  Thank you.
@mnemalceff This is very sad that after so much time and so much that he has given this club that he finally leaves. It Is about time that this happens because he wasn't the best manager in the world.
@JakeyTBE

Arsène sera inscrit au sein du répertoire titré Légende!
Jesus never thought I see it

Arsène Wenge to step down as Arsenal manager at the end of 2017/2018 season http://www.theodore7.com/2018/04/arsene-wenge-to-step-down-as-arsenal.html …
1 of de greats. From a spurs fan.
A Fantastic manager, professional, dedicated and record to be proud of. Not an Arsenal fan but I wish him well, have watched some great football from them over the years. Hope the Wolves now with Nuno will replace the Wenger premier era. 
Good luck Arsene - you will always be in my memory
Wenger should have left 10 years ago. The arrival of the Abramovichs and the Sheikhs was the beginning of the end of his philosophy (playing nice football without buying any expensive players).

@LiamT_Tweets
Oh well that’s Arsenal in the wilderness for the next few seasons then. Let’s see how many managers they get through in the next few seasons 
So what happens to the name Arsenal when Arsene leaves, change? It's new name likely to be Guardio FC when Guardiola takes charge
I’m a united fan always have been always will be but let’s just face it the times of Sir Alex Ferguson and arsene wenger will probably never be repeated and if they are it will be along time before it happens again. GGMU  but good luck to the future
@saaleh_p23 bet this has made ur day
About fucking time
forever a legend. One of the best managers in Europe
RIP
Are you sure this isn’t april fool ? 
boys a fud should've left a long time ago
Not an Arsenal fan but i will miss this man in the box. And more over his neck 
It’s too good to be true
Why is it that every time a club is not doing well the manager is sacked, surely the players must take some of the blame, they are the ones playing on the field and being payed so much money.
#JusticeActivityInZurich #JusticeForTrabzonspor #ZurichJusticeSearch
He did well all those trophies he won, I think he was either pushed or was getting too big for the culb time will tell.
He started at Arsenal about 4 days before I started as an electrical apprentice aged 16, I'm 38 now. Crazy how time flies. He's been mostly good for Arsenal. Got to respect the improvements he's brought to English football too.
RIP Wenger
Good bye Elder its Time to move on and enjoy yiur days like Sir Alex our Man Utd ever Ledge
Mixed feelings for me,i wanted him to leave so badly and sad watching him leave,he will be missed
Respect to last 22 years when managers today last 22 months if they are any good. If not 22 days. Hope he enjoys his rest.
#. a bother Day above ground. God I'm looking foward to a good day
22 years 10 major trophies... dodgy record
Farewell
What a great manager he hasbeen, however old father time !
So long , farewell , auf weidersen , goodbye ..... New era begins . The king is dead , long live the king ....

He has had a huge impact on the English game
everything has to end someday ..good luck champ ..22 yrs is little long bdw
Not a supporter . But I think its the worse thing to happen
Should of happened 5 years ago....
Merci wenger
Get them Moyeski, The chosen one
Hehe
Yes Sir have n nice Day. Please help donation build shelter for orphan http://fatimahorphanfoundation.org . God BlessU
HE'S A LEGEND
thank you for the memories....Asante Sana#
He has a place in football history
By by wenger
Thank you for your input at Arsenal. You will remain a legend in our thoughts. You changed not only British football, but European and world.

YES YES
Hooooooray!!!
Good riddance to bad rubbish ! 22yrs of what really? No Champions league. A few domestic Mickey mouse cups. What else? This man made me hate a team I use to love so much. I hv practically lost interest in the game bcos of him. He's no legend and that's my opinion.
He was a great manager but I think he stayed for a few years to long, but you got to give him credit for what he did for the club and I think Arsenal fans should give him a good send off
in EPL history
WENGER OUT
Be careful for what you wish for...
Graeme murty for Arsenal 
He should be happy with his achievements. Only Fergie outlasted him as the longest serving manager since the premier league started.
And still some @Arsenal fans will not thank him for what he’s done for the club, #classless....
Byebye Wenger.
Good bye Mugabe,I mean venger.
The era has ended since
wow it finally happened
He himself is @Arsenal history!
Arsenal supporters getting their wish. 22 years of success and great football. 22 years of struggle to come? Careful what you wish for!
Finally!!!
Shame, one of the best and a real asset to the game in England. Wishing all the best wherever he ends up. 
That's when we will see how good Wenger was . we will miss him
Arsenal might be considered a good team again, now he's gone. No more weird, random signings like Giroud and the likes  #COYS
I always thought hed be there till the end of his days
We will always cherish the good times he has been the manager at arsenal. He was one of the best. Wish his the best
I am a #LFC fan among all other PL team I like #Arsenal. Sad to see the way they were performing in last couple of years, hope the new coach brings the old Arsenal. Thanks #ArseneWenger
Think it’s the pressure from old fans that put pressure on his departure ...
he is undesputedly one of the greatest football club managers to grace the game, but the sad thing about him is that he's leaving without winning the Champions League with Arsenal #ArseneWenger #Arsenal
Indeed.
I thought he'd left 5 seasons ago 
Good discission for him
Very good for Arsenal
Announce Brendan Rogers please!
Just 10? Tragic
He was a magnificent coach and records never  vanish
About damn time
Finally he is leaving finally
Merci boss 

@HAMAD7 مبروك

When you hear there's a vacancy at Arsenal... 
He transformed not just Arsenal but premiership as well.
They're not getting Rafa but I heard Pardew is available though
“Uhhhm April Foolishness, yess?”
Good luck for his life
Can I cry a little?
Respect!
These Shoes will b hard to fill
Dedicate a stand after his name
...in football
Please acknowledge
He will have a place in premier league history
Heard it before. He will probably sign another contract extension in May.

Actually, Wenger is a great man. for a manager to have spent many years with a team and had achieved so many things in life as a manager. Wenger worth to be celebrated. Thanks
.
About time mate
Legend still lives on..... always to be remembered
Oooooh God thank you thank you thank you after a long time of praying it has come to happen. I still think am dreaming somebody pinch me.

Hope that he and Clb to the top C2 to make the break up more meaningful. Thank you
nothing lasts forever
#TheresaMaytoArsenal

@mrjamesob
No I can’t hear this it’s breaking my heart
Arsene and arsenal were made for each other. Both these names sound the same
As Hall and Oats might say. He's gone....
After 22 years, 10 major trophies, more than 800 EPL games, Arsene Wenger is leaving Arsenal. @FCBarcelona Bartomeu better call Wenger NOW. @barcasstuff
Alhamdulillah
It wasn't a spell as some will put It,it was a time well spent,a fruitful career & historical moments that @Arsenal will never forget..this is a man that turned Arsenal football around & he will forever be remembered for that...#ThankYouArśene
We will Miss Arsene WENGER ! Pls he should stay one more year !
Never again will Arsenal FC have a Manager that would use the club as  breeding ground for unfit French players. Thanks but No thanks. Go for Good. You have almost destroyed what you built. Obigadoo!
I'm not a arsenal supporter but I like the man,when he was in bmth the company I work for was securityat 6 in the morning the man just disappears and went for a jog not letting anyone no anyone else have minders 
Bite the bullet m8 and leave with dignity
Invest in bitcoin minning and be rich online business
I hope @Arsenal fans give him the send off he deserves. I do think he should have left the club 2-3 years ago but there's no denying he has made the club to what it is today. Legend. 
Arsene Wenger has one of the best managers in prem history. be careful what you wish for Arsenal fans ye just got it.
Terricfic job in modern sports history comes to a halt. Haaatttssoff you Sir
We still have to thank him for the memories no matter how rough things have become. Thank you Wenger.
Ok let's see the list possible replacements for arsene, shall we?
We miss you
Sad, grateful, relieved, hopeful - mixed emotions!  Great man, great mind and was a genius.  The bad times will not outweigh the good and whilst I wanted him to leave like most Arsenal fans, however, Arsene will always have a special place at Arsenal.  #Lookingforward
April fools 
Shame to see him go, but I think now the arsenal team need to win all games as a good send off for Wenger
Picked a hell of a day to announce this. #420
#MarcieArsène
He has been incredibly good though no premier trophy in the last 13years with the ever changing league that's exceptional from the rest the Question is who fits his shoes cause we are bound for a relaps due to change just like other clubs
Arsenal fans right now
Is that a question?? He lives forever in us.
I'm saddened by Wenger's resignation as this means Arsenal will seize to be "United's girlfriend". No more easy points when we play them
moaning fans will regret this   Knighthood to the man
@mytastybrews
Sad day, after all he has done for Arsenal #Arsenal #Wenger
#PardewIn #WengerOut
HOLY SHIT IT'S ACTUALLY HAPPENING
sad
Please Let everyone duff their hats for this great man..... He deserves some accolades #ArseneWenger @BBCBreaking @BBCSport
The end times are on the horizon
Kronke next ! #arsenalfc
Thank you Arsene
@Singh_Kesir
Heart broken but time to go. Thanks for the good times. #coyg #Arsenal #arsenewenger #wenger
No easy fix for Arsenal same again next season even with a new manager
Still not Ferguson. More like a savings account.
.......Not only a place in Arsenal history but in football history England.....perhaps he can manage England one day!
Wenger nice time in Arsenal but I'm not Gunner's fun

And the ARSENAL FANS will be talking this to 20 years .. oh wish we had wenger...
According to ungrateful arsenal fans and our friends at @ArsenalFanTV 
Thanks for those wonderful times Arsene....we will always remember you as a True Gunner...all good things come to an end! Wishing you joy and happiness in your next phase of life!!
Thank Arsene for all the work you have done for @Arsenal over 22 years. Things have been rough for the last few years but you will always be an Arsenal legend #MerciArsène 
#endofanera
Seeing is believing
EPL fans will missing you Mr. Wenger! 
I think Piers Morgan just came in his pants and went to heaven.
Place??? He will have his own place space and everything else in folklore of arsenal football club for he is that great
@kipe76 the End if an Era . We will surely miss him .
