Military action against Syria is "legally questionable" & makes real accountability for war crimes less likely, Labour leader @jeremycorbyn says http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/world-middle-east-43710303 … #SyriaStrikes
Blood thirst Devils
NOW, UK IS DOMESTIC DOG OF US.
В очередной раз пошли на преступление
You’ve pissed off both the right and the left here. Why do governments keep getting involved in things that always backfire on us. Not just a Tory thing. Blair’s Labour government in Iraq, Cameron’s Conservative government in Libya were both huge mistakes that backfired.
Commonly known as WAR CRIMES ya Idiot . Theresa May OUT !!!! Take the Lying clown @BorisJohnson with ya please .
Well I think it's proof positive that we do not live in a democracy. The PM did not ask anyone, not parliament not the people of the United Kingdom. Since when did "We" become the worlds policeman? Frankly, the U.K. Government is not fit to sit in judgment of anybody else!
Elaine she doesn’t need to consult parliament. And have you forgotten saddam hussein. She’s dammed if she does and dammed if she doesn’t. She’s got balls and I’d not do her job for millions.
Yes she does have to have a parliamentary mandate unless you are happy to override the law of the land and this egregious, cowardly woman is already dawned so too late to worry about that.
It’s actually called Royal Perogative And is an ancient law which allows the pm to even go as far as taking us to war proper without parliamentary consent.
No It actually gives the ruling monarch that prerogative.  The clue is in the title.
Actually it means the reverse.
Maureen - therein lies the problem.  The Royal Prerogative in law is still that; only a Googler who doesn't actually understand the law would try and say otherwise.  This is after all the only purpose the monarch still has despite an egregious, self interested war-monger p.m.
Clearly you never used Encyclopedia Britannica  as a child - Google is the modern equivalent. You clearly think you’re so much more superior,so I won’t waste your precious time. Have a lovely day 
How can he compare?
BBC pls ask why no parliamentary debate and vote from a government with no majority(even with a majority this should take place)....
The government is under royal prerogative meaning they can declare military action without the consent of Parliament (debate and vote). they could still consult the rest of parliament (as done for Iraq war in 2003 eg) but TM & cabinet must’ve felt so strong they didn’t need to
"TM & cabinet must’ve felt so strong they didn’t need to"

I very much doubt that was the case. They received their orders from the US & May is desperate for a 'Falklands' moment to shore up her dreadful failing premiership.

Bombing for peace, what a novel idea..

#Syria
How many inocet children ad citizen have been killed
Air strikes on Syria without democratic involvement, proper scrutiny utterly appall all people who believe in the rule of law.  We have nothing, nothing but @theresa_may 's platitudes & lies to guide us. She is deceitful and to use the word callous is too mild, she is a criminal
This has been rushed through to avoid having to account for these decisions, it is improper and deceitful.  Britain is now such an irrelevance in the world and so much a rib of the US that we no longer think for ourselves #Brexit
You call the death on innocent highly successful. You are not Human.
Hi..
Mind you anyone who dances with the devil deserves to inwardly implode.
Successful means more money to come from Saudi Arabia's new War lord MBS as his orders are fulfilled. Is it a coincidence that he visited U.K., USA and France last week?
No can find behind this. Because The Great Raheel Shareef very intelligently use every boundary. Give & take rule. Other party always in loss. INSHA ALLAH
is it turning point to solve the bloody  problem to  the global ?
The #UK have broken international law. That makes @theresa_may a war criminal. The #UN & #Hague should step in to prosecute. 
What about Bush and his puppy dog Blair war criminals
Yeah, they can be exported as well. 
I will fix your wordpress website any kind of issues. and build your personal & business website
It's not Liar liar
No they were Not . If disturbing the OPCW investigation is considered successful then . Wow , Truth does Not Fear an Investigation ! Theresa May OUT Now . Take the Clown Boris with you please .
really striving for peace thoe aren’t we?...we had no right at all to bomb ! IT IS NOT OUR WAR stay out of it
@theresa_may dropping bombs without parliamentary approval, and going against the desires of the vast majority of UK citizens. The woman is an unhinged mess.
Who says its 'against the vast majority of uk citizens' ? Have you conducted an accurate poll ?
So now Syria is you playground, two influential countries solving their conflict in this already damaged country ?!
Maybe you and corbyn can coordinate a hug to help the gassing of children?
Why not stop the Gaz source then ? I doubt bombarding would solve anything should have learned their lesson in Irak
Nothing like Iraq. Why don’t I mention nazis to come when when it was successful to intervene? You just think it’s cool and hip to randomly mention Iraq. If you don’t intervene when families are gassed, then there’s no hope for any of us...
Talk after we get the real numbers of bictims after the bombarding, we are talking about human lives there is no let's kill some to save some, every single live matters, attacks doesn't solve the source of the problem why is Prohibited gaz being produced in tne first place
Yeah let’s just complain and do nothing. Nice.
Wow just like some governments you just read the part that arrange you don't you? You really have a selective vision  just let the parts that you don't want to read blurred so convenient  ...
Wow. With your attitude we’d have appeased Hitler.
How can you call it successful from the air ?
Maybe..just maybe..we have intelligence on the Ground which has been for some time hence specific targeting.
Yes thought of that but now just can't believe anything that comes out of a Conservative's MP mouth
Not happy for you stop killing nocen Muslims.
shame on the uk
v@#vvgfhhhugpfpffgpas
Où sont passés les nuages de chlore et de sarin après la destruction des stocks par vos bombardements? Aucune possibilité d'un coup monté par les rebelles, les services secrets d'Israël,des Américains,des Français ou des Anglais????
Is there nobody in the world that can stop these war mongering western bastards from devastating one civilization aftr another for their geopolitical gains
Not in my name, May.

Come on. Is it meaningful for UK and USA to waste money and destroy other country?Bullshit news
Every country have the chemical weapons these days should everyone start bombing to each other ? so you people realizes what will happen when bomb attack your family and your love ones. This is not the way to killing innocent people
congratulations!
Another tale of, we created a Monster, quick let's deal with it before it destroys us, and the cultural war prevails in the disguise of war against terrorism and dictatorship. Still congrats....that Syrian President was ugly anyway.

America, You are a strong country, We Russians respect You, but do not think that you are an exceptional nation. Hitler thought so.
Really... what’s your definition of successful?
How can they claim the strikes be successful when only 30 of their missiles reach their targets , while 73 never made it because they were shot down , am I to belief that 73 missiles was targeted at civilians, who were spared because of the Russian capabilities
What does mean by successful mission?
Does this minister for defence seriously think the Russians & Syrians did not remove everything of use before the air strikes were used,,, is he, trump, and the French honestly think the raids were as successful as they maintain..?

Are they really that stupid..?
It was pretty successful, starting a war that is. Not that war was preventable of course
If the "targeted" strike was against CW development labs and stores why weren't there clods of lethal gas when the missiles struck?
Shut up and go away!
And you're believe that !? 
Are you insane?  
We've destroyed over than 80% of your fucking missiles, and now you talked about mission accomplished!?
How you dare to step on my Syria ? What right do you have ? We over the world's people know for sure how about to be humans.
@theresa_may sort your stuff here before starting a drastic war
Where is proof of chemical weapons? If a country who's been wanting peace for so long after so much torturing. Why the heck would they want to start a war? It's because messed up governments like ours like the US more or less the certain people have something to gain.
May is pretending to be Thatcher !   What a disaster for the world, the poodles pretending to be pitbulls
Hi BBC we are wrong Britain going to War and Russia are wrong going to War now Country Switzerland are Right they have no Wars Just Great Tennis Stars Martina Hingis and Roger Federer
Would that be the same "Just go away" Gavin Williamson
As if his 'gravitas' carried any weight.

Useless Boy Pike
Where's the proof of chemical weapons and if it's really a threat why don't you attack israel
You should have started with bombing Kremlin for killing it's own citizens with chemical weapons just under your nose, why pick on the small rats .
نوبت انگلیس هم می‌شود و ما این تجاوز را فراموش نخواهیم کرد همه چیز را در زمان معین پاسخ خواهیم داد
Has anybody noticed that Tornado jets were used; the same ones that the Tories wanted to scrap?

If US President is D. Trump and his Defence secretary is Gavin Williamson that means United State's destructive.

These things never end well.  I don’t think it was a good idea or the right way to go about it.

Yes higly successful to be destroyed by 30 year Ussr defence missile .
A highly successful mission in assisting ISIS to gain ground which they had lost. The irony of the US creating ISIS and then attacking th4 country trying to get rid of them.. looks like the Western leaders are supporting them.
So we've just bombed a sovereign country and its people without approval from Parliment nor with evidence that proves that the country did the act that we are bombing them for... 'Great' Britain in 2018 everybody!
Successful !!! Hahaha successful in what ???

Well we have to keep the Tornados and we cannot afford to disarm any further. Cut this silly 14 billion to corrupt countries. Give it to our N.H.S. Education, Social care and Defence. Make our Country Great again.
Quick to act in Syria but won’t do jack crap about what’s happening in her own country
AIR STRIKES ON SYRIA OR ASSAD ? : THEY MAY HV HLPED SYRIAN CIVLIANS ; BUT US/UK/FRANCE WD NOT IN GENRAL B CONSDERD AS FRENDS BY PARTCLARLY THE MUSLIMS--SHIA OR SUNNI--OF GULF CUNTRIS & ARAB NORTH AFRICA. THIS, DSPITE THE PATENT FACT, THE POWERS CHOSE MAJORITY, POWERFUL SUNNI SIDE
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/985191394385055748 …          .............
For systematic violations and disregard of the UN Charter,the USA should be automatically excluded from its membership.The USA without the authority of the UN has long terrorized and bombed many countries,forci…
We go war when Syria has a chemical weapons attack but when it happens on UK soil nothing. What is that all about?
Great job Uk! Standing by your side!
Its real joke!!  both US and Russia killing Muslims. another killer added is Uk. Why you are not fighting with each other in yours own land???  we want to see Air strike on white house. The killers of humanity US,Uk and Russia.
The bombs we dropped were 800k each why noy spend that on the NHS instead.....
All that's missing is the Pinocchio nose.

#TheresaMay
Most likely a lying sack of crap...Boycott Israel today.
There is no success in war, the only winners are the politicians with fingers in to many pies
How do we know about the chemical weapons? TV? News? I don't trust media, especially how this has been thrown in our face for many months. All footage of bombings and the children effected. Heart wrenching. But we don't see nothing on other nations where people are suffering.
Shite
its shamefull
When will British terror warning go to imminent, now attack on Syria happened.  There are Iranian sponsered terrorists and Hezbollah who may want revenge on UK.
Aye, right.
Evidence please.
WE WANT PEACE WITH RUSSIA!!!!!
Fact: isolated airstrikes won’t save Syrian lives.
Airstrikes made in response to the attack in Douma could lead to an escalation that puts more civilians in harm’s way.
We urge the Trump Admin to lead the international community with a unified diplomatic strategy. #SyriaStrikes
How can such claims be verified as accurate as opposed to trying to justify the action after the fact?
War criminal! And aggressor of peace in the middle east!
He would say that.

Oh good, did the evidence, and lack thereof, get demolished? Ready to kill a lot of innocents? Successful.
They’ve just committed a “highly successful” war crime & breach of international law then. Those who carried it out should have refused. They & the people who gave the orders should be brought on trial at The Hague.

On balance the PM did the right thing. Acted quickly with allies.
No need to consult parliament on this occation, given the remit of action.
We would be highly critical of the PM if things had gone horribly wrong.
A lot of this could have been prevented if we'd stepped in before the Russians got involved.

Now I guess we have to make the best of a very bad situation. Hope this will make Assad & Putin reconsider...but not holding my breath.
That sounds just like that bullshit about "Russia highly likely responsible" for Salisbury attack. The same idiotical propaganda.
All to divert attention from domestic political troubles!
Ok boys you've got your target. Now please fly back to base, and PM reign in your horses please.
Puppet T May OUT. How many people did the strikes kill. That helped.  Government & the White House please show proof of chemicals. Used & not just fake news & actors pls. I could make the same seen with a few friends
Finally got in bed with trump then 
#JusticeForAsifa India
HO! HO! AND HO! the Boy wonder bleats at an imaginary SUCCESS, wait for the second round Bambi.

Why do we always follow the US and not the u
Not the UN and why don't the Arab nations policec there own
Total Tessie screwball! nobody in their right mind would support the Trump imbecile.....go consult a BRAIN surgeon ASAP.
Meanwhile china looks on soon to conquer all. How many people here will be happy with that.
#NotInMyNameMay
The face of a monster  but where is her bike security chain....
Not in the long run I'm afraid.
A total of 71 US-led missiles were intercepted out of 103 launched.  Syria defended its country with only the S-200 missile defence system,  A proposed upgrade to S-300 will render future attacks even more useless. Nearly all UK missiles were reportedly shot down.
Save your face, Minister. What should you say...?
#NotInMyNameTheresaMay,
Didn't work last time, not going to change things, need to think differently
Air strikes on Syria taking place because the Government forces used chemicals on their  “own people”. The UN is unable to take action to protect the sovereignty of a country. In such a situation the UN Secretary General should take action or at least resign in protest!!!
The Government is killing its people. Those opposing the Government are killing the people. Where should the people of Syria feel safe?
Very thankful for Britain and France, but where is the rest of the world?  How many lessons do we need to learn regarding genocide before the entire world stands up to Russia, Iran, & now Syria?  Saudi?  Japan? China?  Nations in South America?  Funding and support from others?
Not sure how the word successful can be used in any context about what is going on here
Looks like a rerun of Blair and Bush to me
Define highly successful.
Syrian Government dam lucky that all we do
Sorry what is your definition of success?
Along her childhood buddy, Merkel, May is a little st. James lilly. You can't believe anything the canaanite woman says.
'Highly successful &'highly likely' British citizens’ put into danger of a nuclear war with Russia May's sycophantic cretins speak same BS. A fake UK government not following international rules or law by launching an aggressive attack against a sovereign state i.e. Syria.
Murderer
This escalate middle East conflict.  Syria has got the West where it wanted them to be. Any acts by the Syrian government will receive a sympathetic ear from its allies.
؟؟؟؟؟  is 3  =UN
Highly  successful..
Shameless people...
Why is it they let the Arab countries destroy themselves for so long yet they claim they’re trying to help? The world is blind when will you all wake up #staywoke
Successful ..! as previously..bombing empty buildings..the regime kills more with traditional  wepons 100s x than with chemicals...why this is allowed..?
Show us the proof...
https://youtu.be/ZTXXB1n8q50 
#Q #QAnon #QArmy #wedonotconcent #greatawakening #fakenews #Syria
This fuckin witch.
Another day.. another war...
I'm rather hoping this is as far this goes. Action had to be taken, and the presence of warships might work as a deterrent, but Theresa should stick to what she's said and not escalate this further.
@GavinWilliamson should “go away and shut up”, fekin waste of space!
Why you drank too much water during your statement miss May??? Is it the obvious lies or  confusion?
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/985105107535695872 …    ......
Why does no organization or country appeal to the international court of justice at the Hague for war crimes by the US, Britain,and France,which constantly terrorize the world,bombing sovereign countries that do not…
The UK should not be interfering with Syria since the poison attack have not been proven yet and are still under investigation. It seems at this point of view that the UK ist provoking international rights were Theresia May can be claimed on international rights and being sued.
Yep. Sure they were. If Russia is such a big Backer of Assad. And Russia cares little in, using chemicals to assassinate folks. Why aren't we to believe that, watever may have been destroyed, Russia simply won't Restock Assad???
They are going to cause a lot of trouble might even cause us terror attacks
What about that idea called "democracy?" Or, like Iraq, does it not matter about the majority public opinion. What an absolute disgrace of a government. We are even more of a target now fornidiot extremists...well done PM.
Muslims will attack uk citizens because of this ... we’ll be blamed for killing Muslims..again
2 to 1 of the British Electorate against military action, and that was from the Tory owned YouGov poll yesterday. #ToriesOut
will any eu country will do anything good for east other than going in these countries such as iraq, afganistan, lebnon, now sryia OMG really??? come on get a grip now.....
Bombing to eliminate chemical weapons? Isn't that gonna cause more chemical reaction? Aren't you supposed to save the civilians?
It's the best to end war !
Let's now take may to the Hague for war crimes. She did not have the backing of goverment and it was unlawfull

Let's overthrow the Syrian regime.....there's a World bank needed there and they are in desperate need of freedom!
She decided to do it, but we will be the ones who suffer. When they come over for pay back
where they though? Didn't over 50% of them get taken down by defense systems builts in the 70's by the Soviets?
Why would anyone with half a brain believe anything this sham of a government does or says ?
highly successful mission based highly possible cause - we are studying possibilities!
they should be targeting Russia and their allies not Syria.
it's all a bit gun ho here.  There should have been a parliamentary vote. Russia are the culprits
the person who spread such lies yesterday regarding the chemical attack goes around abusing his employment position.
Surely this has to go down as war crimes, did the UN approve? But hey if they could do it to Iraq without consequence then surely they are he Judges, jury and executioners
Well I must say is good to put and end to the Assad regime
Is it possible that bombing can ever bring peace.never
Your only alternative is to bomb another country. What a shame for humanity.
And more, Russia was told about these attacks and they in turn told their allies all of whom emptied their bases before the attach. These attacked did not and will not change anything on the groung only giving a readon for Trump and May to get down from the tree that they climbed

Well done Mrs May this way the only way to stand up to bullies, now we need to kick Russia and Syria out of the UN then impose a world ban on Syria Russia and Iran. Once they learn to live by world rules then they could come back.

Moaning about money can't afford this can't afford,let's waste millions on some bombs this money could house lots of homeless or build homes for the poor people from Grenfell towers .
I am disgusted to be British. Not in my name.
In case someone nuk uk  political people are going in bunkers and real people will  be killed!
They would have to be very strong bunkers, to stand up to modern day bunker busting weapons. Missiles designed to break through bunker, before warhead explodes, like ones just used on Syrian bunkers today.
Has anyone bothered to ask why Assad would do this when Syrian was winning the war against Daesh? Where is the proof it was Assad. Reeks of a set up.
These are illegal attacks were a staged chemical weapons usage is used as an excuse for the attack. USA & UK did not produce any proof and the question is why the winning side would use chemical weapons? It seems more likely that the loosing terrorist group used it.
Where has the money for this came from.all of a sudden? We were lied to about austerity. People struggle to male ends meet on minimum wage or worse on food banks. But we ALWAYS have money for war.
Lol. I thought France and Britain were irrelevant ..
From the replies it's hard to believe the UK was once on top of the world... sad.

Scum.
No money for the NHS but plenty to spend on bombing innocent people. Sums up this Tory government. A government without a majority making this decision with no parliamentary debate as well. Theresa May is a war criminal with blood on her hands #notinmynameTheresaMay
Very well said
