China took the right to own guns away. Why didn't that stop this?
When was the last time you read of such tragedy in China?
Hundreds are killed in China everyday. Read the news. 7 murdered and over 20 injured. Weapon? Knife. If someone would have had a gun, maybe some could have been saved. Are you anti self defense?
So if I have a gun, the angel of death will  delay his visit?
lol - if it protects you from the government, or a bad guy, I guess so.
Jesus would have stayed alive if he only had a gun 
Well, a entire army came and got him,  so he be was going to get murdered. I don't think he even resisted. I think he wanted to be murdered to prove a point.
What point? Don't resist if the ones in charge decide to execute you?
Ban high capacity knives. We don’t need Ak-15s(assault knife- 15s).
Cue the NRA hoplophilics sarcastically calling for the banning of knives, in 3, 2, 1...

(But, kudos to Americans for starting to figure out sarcasm - good job!)
I guess your solution to this incident is to ban guns right?
There is no solution to this incident. We can simply be glad the assailant didn’t have a gun, as he would’ve killed many, many more.
MUST OF BEEN HANGING OUT WITH MENTIALLY INBALANCED AMERICAN KIDS
I bet he doesn’t get a slap on the wrist and 18 months.  I bet he’s dealt with inside 6 weeks
He’ll be executed.
They needed guns if they lived in America he would be dead

#banknives
What is concerning is that at the point of writing this, 81 people ‘favourited’ this. Why I have no idea
The like button just means you’ve acknowledged the story and situation. Not necessarily that you agree or like it.
Really? It’s a love heart, surely if it was just to acknowledge the story it would be a tick or something along them lines.
I mean maybe that’s what they intended but that’s how it’s used now. Or you could retweeted but many people don’t like retweeting
Wth is happening in the world?! Everyone’s gone mad
WTH is happening? Too many people are breeding like rabbits, computers taking away decent paying jobs, crappy jobs not paying enough, rich getting richer, idiot box glorifies better lifestyles, hunger sucks, despair moves in, lack of hope paints dark options.....shall I go on?
Get the person, shot dead in the public! No case, court, findings. These kinds of people not needed in this beautiful world. Just kill them! If I were A Leader!
We should only eat with forks and spoons #BanKnives
https://twitter.com/NoWayMay2/status/990157106245505024?s=01 …

Good thing they have stringent gun control...
Well yes, it is. That figure could’ve been in the hundreds if the assailant had a gun. Source: I live in China.
Ban all #AK’s (assault knives)


Just like London
What’s wrong with this world
Murderers getting bold in all parts of the world, global need to educate masses in virtues of peace, empathy and harmony, mandatory training starting as early as in kindergarten
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Cue the hilarious comments about banning knives...
What color was the man? Asking for a friend.
Crazy people everywhere!!
Is there no end to the madness ?
Samurais in China?
Must that damn NRA’s fault!
We need to ban the NRA in China!!! 
if you had put a full stop after the world school in your headline....this tweet may receive a lot more comments.
fucking maniacs!
Tragic as this is, I would rather face a crazy dude with a knife vs. a crazy dude with an assault-style weapon and 100 round mags.
I am so, so sorry.
Ban knives now quick
Holy shit
Thoughts and prayers
#don’t carry a knife right? LOL

Stabbing in Mizhi, Shaanxi: 7 dead, 19 wounded. Mizhi police said the 28-year-old suspect carried out the attack because he was bullied in middle school and thus hated students #China #Mizhi #Shaanxi 
Ban students
Everyone make sure you don’t say anything politically incorrect because that’s the main thing whenever there is tragedy in the world these days,right?
So sorry for the kids—but just watch NRA bring this as a justification to their old claim, “Guns don’t kill people, people kill people”.
I asked someone, "do you think Buhari will be re-elected"?
"Yes, unfortunately", she replied

Whoever thinks Buhari's supporters have deserted him because of what he has done or not done is mistaken
Buhari's vote bank is still appreciable

Did you see the multitude in Bauchi?
No end to evil
Horrific. Sad to hear.

Have they no chance to runaway??
How fast was that man to kill seven teenagers at once

To quote @Emma4Change :
"Fight for your life before someone else has to."
Me:
You can outrun a knife but you can't outrun a bullet.
Poor kids 
So many twisted freaks in the world, and so innocent victim's
Time to ban human beings.
The knife wielding man attacked 19 students who were heading home.
muslims again obviously
Seven students killed in Shaanxi.
So BBC is covering stabbings around the world to push the ban knives agenda?
That’s not a bad thing to do.
Ban humans!  Given nutjob leaders around, we'll do that soon. Then having been nuke dusted, the planet can start gain w a  better species.
WTH,

Alfie Evans!
Is he the murderer?
Why would you ask that considering how hard he's tried to save him? Its medical science that's kept the child alive and he's had to accept that it's not fair to the child to prolong it.
I asked that because I did not and still really do not know anything about this child, I just thought it odd and funny that this person posted something completely random and unrelated to the story, so I made a joke, for which I will not apologize.
What's to like about this? ?
I have never understood why people click like on such tragic stories.
Horrors
He needed help. Young man had serious issues. Unfortunately this situation got out of hand.
Ban knives
Chinese citizens along with illegal aliens should protest against anti-knife violence!! Oh wait . . . This is China and they don't allow illegals aliens or for that matter protests!
fake news
RIP!!
Siguen los locos.
Do beeing stabbed to death affects your friends sesame credit ?
Hahahahaha!!
Proof that absent a firearm, knives will be used. A false utopia keeps no one safe.
We have to focus our energy on intervention & safety. Intervene at an early age (6th-8th grade levels) & put security measures in place within each school building. This will provide society the greatest - initial - safety coverage possible.
The lesson that China provides the world is that no one is immune to this social dilemma. My condolences to the Chinese families who suffered from this tragic & senseless loss.

I'll take "Events @CNN won't cover because it doesn't fit their narrative for $500 Alex"
#BanKnives
There are much worse ways to die tho.
Oh god
Horrific 
Terror comes to China
10 years later terror comes to Mars
Demented dangerous
Has anyone blamed Sadiq Khan yet?

That's like saying "man shoots 7 people dead in the US" or " Today is Friday"
What is this world!!!!
BAN ALL ASSAULT KNIVES!!!!!
Cue the nra gun nuts and their moron narrative in 5....4.....
Pretty sure you brought it up first.
somebody liked this news，WHY？
@NRO @NationalRifleA
Horrible and tragic. How a human being can even think of such acts
Ah say what ???
