Monday Morning.. Theresa May ‘I didn’t see the resignation letter, we get loads of resignation letters in the office I can’t be expected to read them all...’
It will be filed away in her shredder.
About fricking time. May needs to go as well, she knew all about it too.
If Theresa May hadn’t had to spend all her time on Brexit she would have had more time for home affairs, she’s been on a loose loose situation since day one.
This started before Brexit. Her home office began this hostile environment around immigration.
Despite Amber Rudd not sorting out the WASPI Pensions I am sad to see her go. She is a very hard working intelligent Lady and I thought her future had lots of potential for the UK.

Theresa May - ultimate scapegoat maker and responsibility dodger

Give it Giggsy till the end of the season.
The only reason I opened the comments was to see if anyone made this joke. Beat me to it 
I thought it was a moment of inspiration on my part! Great minds and all that I guess...
can we get rid of Theresa May now, who actually caused the problems in Home Office in 2015?
#MayNext @theresa_may
Amber Rudd has resigned to spend more time with her off shore accounts and hedge fund managers
@Twitter please give me a super-like function just for this reason alone
One bad egg down @AmberRuddHR now #MayMustGo
The Tory Party. Solid as a rock.
So strong and stable! Lol
Did you know that Cameron thought 'lol' stands for lots of love. The tory party is so out of the loop its not even funny anymore!
On the one hand, it’s horrendous, on the other, it’s fucking hilarious!
Good lord! She wouldn't leave! Somebody tell her! Bet she doesn't know! With tmay terrible ability to choose the right person for the job I suggest Gina miller. Then off you go too tmay. We already know you being the mess. Take bojo gove and mogg with you. You won't be missed!
Great to finally get some good news! Hope we are on a roll and the whole lot unraveling!
Amber Rudd probably resigned to protect Theresa May. This whole fiasco should fall at Theresa May's   feet. She set the agenda and Amber Rudd followed that lead, which has lead to her downfall.
Good, now for the architect May!
I hear Chris Coleman is available.
She'll lose her seat next. She only had a majority of 346! Time to look for something else to do.
#WindrushGeneration

Poor @AmberRuddHR has been sacrificed in place of PM May. PM May should also resign because  the hostile environment policy is was Mrs Mays brain child. Very incompationate policy that can only be seen in racist nations.
@theresa_may
Give it 35 minutes and you'll have Corbyn, MvDonnell and Momentum claiming to be a government in waiting #asper
Corbyn is waiting to take over 24/7 just a matter of time mate



Six resignations in six months, and propped up by the DUP... I’ll leave it there...
https://twitter.com/TrendsUK/status/990721583684685824?s=19 …
https://twitter.com/TrendsUK/status/990720258980892683?s=19 …
Amber Rudd did not fall on her own sword Theresa May gave her her own sword. Theresa set her target under David Cameron and those from the Commonwealth are the scapegoat to make room for those from Europe who may get to stay just because they are here already
Jumped before she was pushed 
carrying the can just like Priti Patel did.
long over due! May yours next?
About god damn time.
So when is the labour party going to sack someone over this too? In 2008 the Home office was rubber stamping the destruction of id papers and the like, or is that just conveniently forgotten, just like anti semitism that Corbyn is going get rid of in the Labour party
Typical shifting of the debate. The destruction of the cards wasn’t the issue. The change of the immigration rules caused the issue. The cards would have been handy at that point. But the home office changed the rules knowing the cards where gone. Don’t be so blinkered
It was inevitable as her position was untenable. Can May please resign as well and while she's at it she may as well ask that entire Tory shower to resign including their Northern Irish proxy of dinosaurs that is collectively known as the DUP.
You can't call the DUP dinosaurs Micheal. They don't acknowledge their existence. They do prefer being referred to as "renewable heat incentive consultants" though
I suppose you're right, Daniel. I would actually go further and make the claim that dinosaurs were probably more progressive and forward thinking than this cohort of goons.
@emilyroberts519 see ya babe
Gove is next
for the job you mean ?
No
Amber Rudd is made an scapegoat, the scandal started long before she was Home Secretary.
Such a shame now let’s hound corbyn out over antisemmitism and ira please
Theresa next!
Britain loves a scapegoat. Abbot spreading her anti white shit, Corbyn's hatred of the Jews, Blair the War Criminal but hey.Let's sack a woman because she wants rid of illegal immigrants at the same time as the Windrush paperwork fuck up. All feel better with a head on a spike?
#MayOutNow #RESIGNMAY TM is responsible for all of this.
Windrush
Austerity
Hostile environment
NHS crisis
School meals
Police cuts
Syria bombing
Universal credit
Disability cuts
Brexit shambles
Homelessness
Waspi women
Grenfell       NO CONFIDENCE IN THIS TORY GOVERNMENT
scottish bot
bot lmao aye very good you foaming  raging ?
WHAT?? NOOO!!! I never saw that coming.
Said the blind fox 
Rudd was not up to the level of the job and should have been given a lower key position. It was misleading to say that targets for illegals/criminals did not exist to parliament, so not on top of her department/facts. Should have firmly promoted policy & not confuse with Windrush
Her Royal Majesty the Queen should expect a visit soon.
Let's hope Theresa May resigns next. She's a disgraceful compulsive lying prime minister who loves to bath in the tears of the poor.
Brilliant !!! Get Theresa May out next !!!
No chance... unfortunately
Yes, it's very difficult to get rid of a narcissist, but she will be brought down by her own party, eventually. Like Thatcher, they will turn on her. Local Election results won't help her cause.
Mmm. This could all end very messily with the extreme right wing increasing  their influence over the Brexit debacle, or the vicar’s daughter could call yet another election, which she would lose. In the meantime,  she must choose a new Home Secretary very carefully.
Hopefully Corbyn next.
As always, BBC waiting for confirmation from #MossadRita before reporting as fact
Home Secretary Amber Rudd resigns, Downing Street says https://bbc.in/2r8EGMw 
What a shame she did not deserve  this.   A sensible head in the conservative party.
Corbyn must be next to go.
I’m sad too actually.  She stood in for Teresa coward May in the election debate I think the day after her father passed away ... She is gracious and courageous which is more than can be said for Mrs May.
BBC happy then ! Been going on and on and on ....
About it for DAYS !!! 
....
Give it Giggsy til the end of the season
I say #TommyRobinson for new home secretary....
Politicians are all liars. Not news really
Should resign as an MP too but at least she has shown some integrity.
Victoria atkins should resign also.  Her husband has a cannabis farm in uk but she says no to cannabis being legal.  Is it ok for her husband to profit from it .. is her husband a drug dealer? In my eyes yes
Amber just phoned her agent, he's looking for another gig for her as Aristocracy Coordinator on another movie

Good luck with that @AmberRuddHR 

#FourWeddingsAndAFuneral
#MayMustGo

South Korea’s Foreign Minister telling CNN that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” is priceless.
South Korea’s Foreign Minister telling CNN that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” is priceless. 

EDM power Baby pop 1
It's even more vivid when you listen to it through earphones!!! 
In Jamaica we have lost the essence of the Westminster system of government. #takeresponsibility #accountability
I didn't see that coming...wait, oh yes I did.
well when u say there is no pink elephant then one walks out the door ur sort of shown up as a lair.....now i know lieing is part of being a politician but been caught is a sign of a bad politician and we dont want those do we...bye..shut the door on ur way out
At least she had the courage to take responsibility, unlike her leader who constantly throws her fellow Tory MP's under the bus instead of taking the flak #TheresaMayResign

@emholleran
Not unexpected - but don’t shift focus - Labour are the instigators of this issue, not the Tories
Thank god justice is done. I hope this brings about a change for the better and not another negligent Home Secretary. Someone who can help put right the wrongs against the Windrush generation and their children
BREAKING NEWS monday Morning......Teresa May appoints new Home Secretary. Amber Rudd

About time now #MayMustGo
@minda_webster
Hope her boss will go too soon.
Failed to use the necessary hashtags
Pretty sure Harry Kane will claim responsibility soon
Maybe @DUPleader could take a red face and do the same. @LADFLEG
What a shame she didn't have the staying power that Corbyn had when he was hounded to resign. What a shame media adds so much fuel to the fire adding more unnecessary pressure constantly to all politicians
Is May’s turn now to resign
The left: She should do the right thing and resign

*Resigns*

The left: Haha she resigned i can't believe it what a mess. She's resigned to protect May etc..

Errrrm  Maybe Labour could learn a thing or two about owning your own mistakes and dealing with then appropriately
World of Politics is going mad, if people dont agree, or someone says something not PC then the wolves start baying for them to resign, so what does that get us, a fear of Politicians scared to say the truth or be honest being PC is killing politicians.
I thought Amber Rudd was an R&B singer.
Is May next?
Local election results should now push May out... General Election in the Autumn!?
Why would anyone vote in the local elections on anything that happens in Govt? You vote for who will do local things best for you.
Bet she turns up tomorrow saying 'What resignation?'.
She was actually one of the more competent of the shambles government we are ashamed to have , let down by her own stab in the back civil service
That's a shame she was doing a great job
Good, it's three days overdue. She was part of the master-plan. 
We are truly tired. It would be a welcome break if Blacks were given unconditional due respect in the UK & America.
1/2 I am sickened at the sense of moral entitlement of those in the press and the Labour party who have used  terms like "Windrush victims' or 'Windrush generation as camouflage for illegal migrants, confusing legality with the need for compassion.
They were legal immigrants, their parents were given British citizenship and encouraged by the government to emigrate to our country, their children travelled on their passports & were overlooked. WE created this issue not them, May & Rudd exasperated it by their dodgy decisions
The' Windrush generation' arrived between 1948 and 1971, or have been here since 1/1/ 1973, & are legally British Citizens. The key case highlighted by The Guardian did  not meet these criteria. The true issue should have been compassionate treatment.
& you specifically mentioned the Windrush generation in your tweet which now suggests disambiguation on your part bit like Amber Rudd really
My tweet of 29 April said that the fundamental issue was the hostile environment for illegal immigration and enforced deportation. People who do not meet the criteria for Windrush still need to be treated compassionately. My point throughout.
"I am sickened at the sense of moral entitlement of those in the press & Labour party"; "as camouflage for illegal migrants, confusing legality with the need for compassion"  Labour are forcing the government to be accountable instead of lying or avoiding the issue completely
She should not have resigned
Why?
Because all illigal imigrants should be thrown out now along with Diane Abbott
Your opinion
You didn’t answer the question. I said why shouldn’t she have resigned?
Because she is a good home secretary
Good lets hope its May next but she will stay there no matter what even tho she is embarrassing her self hard faced cow that one
One arseole down many more to go.
@AmberRuddHR The only benefit I can see is that your replacement cannot deny that targets existed! However downside is that Abbott, Lamy and Labour feel justified. Unpleasant!
I am so sad that amber rudd had to resign. I know that she would have gone onto put the windrush fiasco right. I just hope she will go onto make contributions from the back benches.
Hama amadou
G’bye, Felicia.
There is a God @windrush
Shame the referendum clearly indicated a strong desire from the electorate to reduce immigration by getting out of the EU and she was trying to reduce the numbers.
Hi Amber Rudd should have gone the Government Immigration Removal is Wrong the world knows that A Warning from History Germany World War 2 the Persecuting prejudices Removal of the Jews and Gypsies
The fudd has left the building.
Always good to see an ineffectual MP leave, let's see what anti-BREXIT, Pro immigration, EU ass-licker they put in her place.
About time to
Your only as ever good as your manager? Or so they say! Well Theresa you’ve really sold her down the river! You know it should’ve been you!
#MayMustGo
That was the honourable thing to do.
@AmberRuddHR Good riddance! Watch this space @theresa_may, you won’t be far behind. #Tories #Incompetent #Liars
can we trust Downing Street or BBC?
Since Dr. Reed Labour Home Secretary declared Home Office not fit for purpose we had a succession of weak HSs. Only solution to remedy this, is to sack top civil servants in HO to sort out the problem
Yet Diane Abbot keeps her job and she can't even do sums.
Ah that’s nice. Soooo when is Theresa May leaving... I mean, she’s not that great now is she.
I've never liked Amber Rudd, I have no idea whether she was doing a good job or a bad job, but she lied through her eye teeth to everyone and that's why she had to go.
Let's hope that her replacement can sort it out quickly without any further I'll feeling.
Best news to wake up to, one poisonous snake gone, just the rest to follow
About time
@theresa_may @10DowningStreet and Boris Johnson still managers to stay in the government. #conservativesalwayseasytopickthelowestfruitonthetree #Windrush
A Brexiteer to replace her @AmberRuddHR 

#WeWantOurCountryBack 
@AmberRuddHR you should not have resigned. An apology yes but not resign. I don’t see @BorisJohnson resigning if he was in your position. In fact he would have got promoted.
Not resigned!!!!! She was hounded out by a pack of bloody wolves
Sad
..and when asked this morning on @BBCBreakfast @HackneyAbbott said how can you have targets for illegal immigrants because they are illegal so you don’t know how many there are!
It is May who should be resigning, Rudd just inherited May's cock up's
Best for all concerned, and that includes Brexiters and their Staycatist opponents!
If the baseline for a cabinet resignation is a little white lie over what you knew or ought to have known, then I presume she will be followed by the likes of Boris, David Davis and Andrea Leadson who are always on our tv screens completely misrepresenting Brexit?

Now there is a surprise, NOT!
@BBCBreaking This is just the type of political scandal that turns people away from politicians as they lie, swerve the truth, leak documents, stab each other in the back, mislead parliament and the British people and never actually do what they say. WHEN will they learn ?
“Home Secretary deports illegal immigrants deports illegals and has to resign for being cruel”. This is the world we live in, now.

Diane Abbott just interviewed on BBC News. She said that prisoners that should have been deported after their sentence were not!! Stupid woman it was her Prime Minister Tony (Billy Liar) Blair  who signed part 2 of the Human Rights Act. Which allowed very dangerous people to stay
Time for a general election now the weathers picking up.
Good she has gone. The worry now is who will replace her.
Hopefully not someone who will deport illegal immigrants. We should keep all illegals here, fees them, dress them give them hugs.
Good best news of the day

Watching news - " Amber Rudd has quit" - BBC stop talking like a texting teen - Amber Rudd has RESIGNED.
What about the civil servant leaking papers? Should he not be investigated? He broke the law doesn't anybody care?
Who set Amber Rudd the despicable task in the first instance?
Witch hunt. Someone had to fall on their sword...
She really did not have much choice ....did she
Absolutely ridiculous, she shouldn't have resigned. We now need a Home Secretary who gets to grip with the problem of illegal immigration and pretend asylum seekers. No one should be allowed to claim asylum if they have transited through a safe country i.e. France.
Now we just have to wait and see who replaces her.
About time
Never quite good enough for the job.
Who do you recommend?
Giving a full new meaning to the word #inadvertently #RuddResign
Won't make any difference, they're all the bloody same
And the Tories still cannot separate the issues
Stand by for a call @kevnicho3
Justice will not be done till there is a more humane attitude to imigration it was the harshness that rebounded on the windrushers, hindsight goggles won't be enough to fix a broken system they must say what will change and how they will carry that through
Good, bye.
Now we just need to get rid of Sadiq Khan!!!
Are you gonna blame Jeremy Corbyn?

There should be no targets for deportation of illegal immigrants. It should be 100%. Once deemed illegal it should be bye bye.
Does this actually mean anything for the people who’ve been affected by the bad choices ie Windrush generation. Will it change or the face of the monster is all that will change?
What are we to do the home office is Rud-derless, stay calm, don't panic.
Just another synonym for "outright lied" #AmberRuddResigns
Was bound to happen sooner than later. She mislead the parliament almost to a point of no return. The P M needs an intelligent truthful& qualified  person as replacement.
About time. She shouldn't have had the job in the first place.
Yeah, because Dianne Abbott has all the answers 
Just shows how far down the pan this country is, minister resigns over illegal immigrants who has any say in Britain now just bleeding heart liberals and immigrants????!!!!
Good news to start the week
About time!!!!! How many downright lies can one person tell and act as if butter wouldn’t melt!!!
Rest my case. Now May should do the same. @mattwarman
Another one bites the dust
She blatantly lied, but don't worry, that is part of the JD for an MP. She'll probably be back as PM.
The loss of 21,000 police officers and thousands of police support staff is also a scandal but Mrs Rudd isn't entirely to blame for that one.
Forced out from within?
As the bbc will still defend and lie for corrupt #ToriesOut MPs
Good. Now you MAY!!!!
Crap at job, fine. Lie to the public, great. Lie to politicians, resign. Priorities are wrong somewhere.
Diane abbot should follow!!!!
Mr Mogg could do a good job: 
Everyboby wants fair play: he could:

Make it Law : everyone in the UK has to apply for an ID Card : No dramas: No discrimination: No persecution: immigration would take care of itself: those without ID Cards would need visa’s
Ta ta and good riddance
She was very rude
And may she rest in pieces
Honest and principled? On what planet?

Me please...me please. I’m certain I’m not really qualified to fill the recently vacated position of Home Secretary, but judging by recent appointees for government positions this would make me a front runner
BYEEEEEEEEEEEE BITCH !!! 

What she encouraged has made me angry and ashamed. How dare she cause so much pain and distress 
So, the Islamization of UK continues unbridled.
Telling like it is Michelle 
F
We all know immigration laws are based on racism no matter how they try to explain them.
Illegal is just that.
Good riddance now can we somehow out the rest of the Tory scum 
Well, that didn't take long though.
Obviously the fall guy for #TheresaMay who needs to resign as well. #WindrushJustice
@Nigel_Farage Please take this job 
Who?
