
وثائق مدفوعات بريطانيا إلى مؤسس الدولة #السعودية التي تعرضها #مكتبة_قطر_الوطنية بالتعاون مع المكتبة البريطانية.
ما تعليق دارة الملك عبدالعزيز؟ 
@QNLib @Darahfoundation 
…
Oh look something else trump doesn't understand........secret !  #ffs
#Trump for #NoblePeacePrize
Gross
It's called Trump derangement syndrome. Every time he does something for the greater good a liberal gets sick in the stomach.
What you've just done there is try and cover for Trump by arguing that criticism of him stems from a mental illness.

Wow, you lot really have lost the plot.
 the mental illness of the Liberals.
When I you try and diagnose a mainstream political belief as a mental illness, you know you're losing.
Hahahahahahaha, take a minute to look at my profile, @gbsamples, and you'll see that most of what I post isn't political.

You're an idiot.
Exactly look up the difference between media and politics
Just listening to the live interview of 'experts' on how unprepared Trump is for N Korea. BBC really needs to get it's head out it's ass. Trump & his team are already way ahead of you, of what you know.  You could know but you'd rather have clickbait reporting.  Sad!
From "my button is BIGGER than yours" to "good relationship"
#KimJongUn #NorthKorea #Pyongyang
#Trump #TrumpWhitehouse
Its called diplomacy - North Korea are now negotiating.

Somehow this is a bad thing?
The CIA chief is not responsible for diplomacy. That is a bad thing.

It would be like having Larry Kudlow plan out strategic air strikes in Syria. That would be a bad thing even if the air strikes were warranted.

Get it?
The CIA would be responsible for the arrangements of a meeting between Trump and Kim, and such a meeting is a big step towards achieving peace in Korea.
That is literally what the state department is meant to handle. NOT the CIA. You don't seem to be getting that.

Again, that would be like Larry Kudlow orchestrating all the details of how we mobilize and deploy troops in Syria to topple Assad.

Not the right person for the job.
Yeah just send the justice department over to talk to a country the US is literally at war with to arrange a meeting between countries that were sharing threats a few months ago.

No, he send the CIA to touch bases.
Still not sure why who went is your main concern.
Please educate yourself about what the State Department does. Included link for your convenience:
Which place are you meeting?
Big Dog
Vive USA, Vive NK. Good relationship is the best weapon ever to struggle for peace worldwide. Cong's
good news
Millions of Chinese people want our company( 钱旺钱宝) to revive.Please pay attention to 钱宝unjust case.Nanjing corrupt officials have shut down our company 钱宝 and plundered huge assets of 钱宝.We all live in misery.We need rebirth. #习近平    #China @realDonaldTrump  @FoxNews
well sending him without his confirmation was a bit premature I'd say !
'Good relationship' in Trump's world spells bad deal and a host of lies
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Good initiative.... Hopefully a win win result...
Smart man! Talking
What a great risk considering the information that manages CIA Chief
Ah the soft underbelly of Russia
Secrecy is Trumpian way to rule, transparency is cypher, democracy is crushed
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
At this point, I just want to know what’s really going on. What happened to #transparency in #Government
More skullduggery
From your vast experience on
politicians, public servants &
top bosses of NSA,FBI, CIA,DOJ, Congress & Senate who are the key players to
success of president if got
the loyalty & works  but
if work against president
in every step combined ly  nation will pay the price badly.
I guess it's no "secret" now!
POTUS REVEALS : BISMARCKIAN DIPLOMACY IN 21ST CENTURY ! AFTER GREAT FULMINATIONS VIA CHIEF IS SENT TO KIM JONG UN FOR A TRUCE WITH N. KOREA ! BRAVO ! SIMILAR TO HENRY KISSINGER'S VISIT TO CHINA IN 1973 FOR A RAPPROACHMENT BTWN US & CHINA, WHICH IS STILL CONTINUING !
Shouldn’t that be a mission for a senior diplomat?
Why was this assigned to the CIA?
They have no senior diplomats assigned to the region.
Then it should be done by the VP or UN Rep.
How impressed was Pompeo by the size of Kim Jong-un’s arsenal?
Why was it a secret meeting?
"good relationship" probably just means nobody got killed.
Good luck Sir! This is going to highlight of this century. No doubt about it.
Додик, а вы знаете какой национальности Дональд Трамп? Не может быть?! Я вам говорю!
You fav is gonna slam dunk the Nobel peace prize @stephensmith195 . You will be choking on your Saturday night naan bread!!! 
Pompeo is not a head of state!!
Cheerio!!
I feel telling every one about it sort of negates the point or keeping it secret
Yet if "rest of the world did something" Cue the hordes blaming the "warmongering" West. Make up yr bloody minds.
This is headed in the right direction. Something no other US administration has been able to do.
Liar
And Nobel peace prize goes to The Amazing Donald and his America for doing such a great work for world peace  
I deeply admire what North Korean leader did by forcing Trump to sit for negotiations. I wish we had Arabic leader who could do such thing.
Noble peace prize coming trumps way
confirmed,that american will never ever attack a non muslim state,americans will go and bow to non muslim state,but never ever attack them,americans just like to c muslim dead body, and blood.before syrian attack suddenly north koreans and US became friends?
Anyone seen American Made ? 
All of the arms deals to North Korea's neighbours have already been done. Create an ogre, sell arms to neighbours, move on to create the next ogre, sell arms to neighbours...rinse and repeat.
I'm fed up with the secret activities of our rulers! They think that we are so stupid that they cannot adequately perceive the truth!
“Good relationship,” Trump’s North Star so much so that he has to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to ensure that people engaged in one with him remain quiet. Trump and relationships, an NDA machine. Does he realize he can’t thug one out of Kim when their relationship sours?
The world's policeman had to sneak into Korea?
That much being intimidated ??
Why? Tell us.Formed a "good relationship".What does this statement mean.
What country would trust any CIA leader? That's like (if) Joseph Stalin sent the KGB leader to America to talk to Truman. Or CIA leader, Allen Dulles going to talk to Castro.
What a  Disgrace.. .A  Crazy person...NOT  fit for that job...Lock him  up
Bet he sacks CIA boss soon
"a good relationship"
Was kim bent over?
We hope it’s going to be okay.
lmfao oh how politics are all lies.
Talks went 'smoothly and a good relationship was formed'.
Slick used car salesman line?
Noted
Breaking...up relationships...just as easy
I call bull*** .... or at least the agent had a good laugh about Trump with lil kimmy jon .... and then Realisation set in .... Trump and his wayward mouth can’t be controlled any good relations created will be destroyed....
Pompeo's visit was arranged by South Korean intelligence chief  with his North Korean counterpart.
Another reason for impeachment
Screw having peace right?
And this is news?  Isn't this part of the job for a CIA director?  To insure international safety for Americans, including the President?
And what else is the Asshole POTUS doing secretly, particularly with that already done with Russia
The meeting to prepare for talks between President Trump and Kim Jong Un took place on April 1.
Trump sent Pompeo there so now they can say Pompeo is a "negotiator". Congress will now have to consider confirming him as Secretary of State. Don't forget Pompeo had a secret meeting with Banned Russian Spies that we learned about through Russia's media!
As we all know, you can't believe a word Trump says. He probably wasn't told about the meeting, to stop him tweeting the details to the world.
They both enjoy getting pissed on by hookers.
Hey you people, kim-Trump feud was staged to get your attention. They were buddies along! Obamanation could have brought peace too! But he had other plans, like causing turmoil in Syria for which Trump is getting the brunt of the blame for!
Ever think this is perpetual by design, since end of Korean conflict? Chinese flew Migs against us there in Korea. Hmm!
Did they take Trump's barber, that person has the hardest job in the world.
If he does meet with Korea's leader
in person, 
without a buffer for his vanity 
and lack of couth
he will most likely 
put his own foot in his mouth
He did the same thing with the presidency. Took action before he took office.
Did they have Korean BBQ together?
Hm.
Snakes.....
It's hard to make someone an ally after you bi*#h slapped them!
Sneaky peeky
Pakistan is ruled by China
учительница
Here's the tweet BBC deleted VERY quickly 

http://tweetsremoved.blogspot.co.uk 
Good relationship?? That country has innocent civilians in what are basically modern day concentration camps and the rest of the world does nothing!
Your thinking of Guantanamo Bay or  Abu Ghraib prison?
No, I wasn't thinking about those places. I was talking about North Korea.
Trump already met with NK in the Forbidden Palace in China.
I wonder how this one will get spun up
Breaking news... Trump managed to keep a secret for a few days...
He probably didn’t know about it!
.....omg.....
fake news
