
Peace being made and you choose to be petty.  Kudos.

Any lessons for #India & #pakistan ???
The problem with Pakistan and India is their leadership are always two faced. Trying to gain political motives from the issue
Still he stand for his Nation be it Nuclear or Korean Brotherhood
He won't deserve one of them until he brings peace among his own people. But instead he blames Democrats for everything and creates a larger divide between his subjects with each day he's in office. A key example may lie in your reply to this.
So I had a reply, saying I'm too stupid to be saved, which absolutely proved my point, which they absolutely knew did in fact prove my point lol - here's to @MI_4_TRUMP - who also blocked me - you serve no purpose.
Even Kim Jong Un is starting to make trump look like a nutter 
Hey George, what a truly asinine comment, but seeing how your government is treating baby Alfie, I'm not surprised you find more in common Kim Jong Un than Trump. Just another simple unhinged liberal. Sad.
And tRump takes credit for this in 3...2...1...
He deserves it...
Does he shit! To be fair the little tubby leader from North Korea should take the credit. His determination and damn right arrogance, in ignoring all the BS and threats. made everyone look up and listen. He brought the  to the negotiating table. Not Trump.
Take a med you sounds like a schizo.
How long before @realDonaldTrump tries to claim credit for this?
He is changing the world one leader at a time... him and Mr West......
I thought the Korean war was still technically going on?
Not technically - actually. An armistice is just a truce. A break in fighting. Albeit, in this case, a very long one.
A break in fighting...so technically it was still on going no?
Technically they were still at war but they had a very long cease fire.

@realDonaldTrump thanks to u as u should be given the Noble Peace Prize just for this. I wish we had more result oriented straight speaking leaders like u clean up the mess politicians have created causing pain and hardship to  the same people who elected them in the first place

Ok so who should get the Nobel Peace Prize because this wouldn't have happened without Trump.
Oh my days. Really?! 
Sooo we give it to the fella who just blew up half of Syria for oil, right? You absolute wally.
My dad fought in the Korean war and lost a lot of friends in the battle of Hook hill.
He would have welcomed this day .
He always maintained that peace required just one small gesture to begin.
God Bless a whole World.We have only one color of blood we are one

Trump did well on this one ... he turned a dictator into a seemingly nice guy

Make this era of #peace a lasting one.
I wouldn't trust him. Not for one second.
Let's all protest Trump he's only making the world safer.
:)))))
Wow. This is amazing. What an amazing step forward. We thought we were on the verge of nuclear war with North Korea, but now peace seems to be winning 
It is not merely a handshake; it is an earthshaking event.
And you know the best part? Trump did not have to send an unmarked white plane loaded with pallets of cash in order to achieve this!!
Best news of the year so far.. Loving #Peace
Hes up to something #DjKhaled vibe
A historic moment! (#Dotard must be so jealous, after taking credit for what he didn't do.) 
The Berlin wall has crumbled, the 38th parallel goes indistinct, yet the Taiwan channel still lies there, like a scar left by the cold war. 
Nope, do not trust him, ever. Something is up, he must have really fucked up that mountain with nuclear test! #MyOpinion
Hmmmm....Is he doing this get the trade embargo lifted?
Call me cynical, but a leopard never changes its spots...there is a hidden agenda in all this.  His regime has been as is for decades, so I cannot see it changing overnight.
I smell something fishy
I agree, it’s could be a positive step but at the same time we have seen this before. As for testing nuclear bombs, the mountain that they tested bombs under collapsed, which is why they can’t test any new bombs.
The mountain did what?....I must have missed that one. Yes, that seems very suspect.
A wolf remains a wolf, even when it is wearing sheeps clothing
They kept testing their nuclear weapons in the same location@and it caved in.
Dog and cat eating weirdos
God bless North Korea 
For once an actual historic moment !
good to see! One Korea United is the only way forward
Korea United 1 
USA Academicals 1
IT'S ALL TRUMP'S FAULT.
Trust fund ran dry.
& of course @realDonaldTrump takes credit for it. not sure if it was bc of his brilliant strategy of calling kim jung-un “rocket man” or his inciteful threatening “fire and fury” but trump thumpers are calling for trump to win the nobel peace prize.. 
stupider than we ever knew.
I'm not a Trump supporter. However his hard line stance has done something. In all the years before Trump everyone tried softly softly and it never worked. Credit where credit is due.
This could go one way or the other im hopeing it gose well. But it is Kim Jong-un we are talking about. We will wait and see.
this is happening because PRESIDENT TRUMP is the 1st pres to say what he means to do about North Korea if they don't stop the nuclear program that Obama allowed them to ramp up
thank you Mr. Trump
Now the world's a safer place you can all go out and enjoy yourself. Be quick though our news/government will soon find something else to scare you with.
Inter-Korean Summit Press Center
BBC silence on trump involvement deafening.
That me guess!! Kim iung un just wanna the supplies from  the International  for enforcing his military force and then keep developing the nuclear plan !!this meeting is just a "strategy of Kim "
#NorthKorea #KimJongUn free from the chains 

#QAnon 
@realDonaldTrump 
#POTUS
DON’T count on it. As long as @putin gets what he wants @KimJongNumberUn will cooperate. As soon as Putin tells him to, he will begin to cause problems again. @realDonaldTrump
@pheebshennah bet newland is losing her shit over this
Hope this will reach all over the world and all will come forward to shake the hands and make the world peaceful. Hats off to @KimJongUnh @kimjongun_fans
It’s a beautiful thing to witness.
A bold move. Good for the neighbors.
Unity is power! there's something that Kim has learnt.
#iNews9K WEEK IN REVIEW: Trump in Moon's earwig–"A wall! Ask him to pay for a border wall! Is this thing on? <tap tap>"

#interkoreansummit
The world will be a happier place if only the West will leave other nations to think for themselves. We are not all imbeciles.
They must match words with actions...a good start though.
Thank you...... God bless all of you..... sending love to all of you
A beginning made. At best President Moon will be a bridge and convey the intentions of Kim Jong for #Bolton and @realDonaldTrumpto etch out further process for #peace.
NICE !
#QAnon
#TrumpNobelPeacePrize
#InterKoreanSummit
#NorthKorean
#KimJongUn
#IBOR #Internetbillofrights #QAnon #TheStorm #GreatAwakening #WWG1WGA #FollowtheWhiteRabbit #censorship @POTUS…
I hope this brings world peace. No more nuclear destruction talks. I wish positive and healthy relationship between both sides..
Excellent.  Maybe forced into this by the firm resolve of Kim and insanity of Trump but a good result and opposite to the regime change Trump was aiming for...
This has to be viewed positivity , a step forward through dialogue .
If this had happened on Obama's watch they'd be showering him in Nobel peace prizes.
Great
Let's hope the #PRC (#China) and the #ROC (#Taiwan) can also hold more #InterChineseSummit
A truly historic moment, a few months ago nobody could have guessed this would be happening. This is  not something I thought I would see in my lifetime...
Make surr to wipe the blood off your hands.
Yeah let’s see how long that lasts
Is these a plan to Engulf #SouthKorea by #China and #NorthKorea using #psychologicalwarfare. #WW3.
Plot twist: Kim Jong-un is actually on wheels and made of wood, and has thousands of miniature Kim Jong-uns inside him just waiting for the opportune moment.
Nnnnmn@c
The idiot needs money
We love the peace.
Good sign to peace on the two country
MAMA ich mag den Typen nicht
Hasn't Trump done well? Or not BBC? Nothing to nit pick about?
I wonder if similar historic moment occurs between Saudi Arabia & Iran? #DefinitelyMaybe 50% of global military budget can be re-assigned to actually develop our World #interkoreansummit  #GlobalCitizen
Thanks to Trump!
Dunno how I feel about this.  Peace is good, yes.  But... this angle makes a bit of a confusing mess of the no-longer-discussed contributing/causative factors (e.g. other countries) of the North/South Korean Armistice.
So much pain and suffering, related to this Armistice....
America is on the sideline and they have been left out in the cold.
So from 27 April 2018, is Kim Jong-un a perfect gentleman & is cleared off all the inhuman, cruel, barbaric acts alleged & projected by the media including BBC ?
Un paso para la tranquilidad del mundial
Could this be a positive peaceful event.
I wish you good luck
Kim's got everything : he's got his nuke (and thus leverage) and he's got a chance of peace next door. And he is luring President Trump to denuclarise Korea  in exchange of occidental support, wealth and market access. Well played, Kim !
@KaiBirch Kai have you watched the video on the link
Yeah it’s pretty good
@BBCBreaking
love and peace
@BBCBreaking
This won'y last bad move!
It's a good start..
N they thought otherwise.
He must be off the crack
So all the war mongering the fake news have bein doing as back fired in their face
Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  for Making the World Safer Again!
Wow, someone's taken his "normal" tablets.Quite staggering.
@BBCBreaking
I WISH YOU ALL THE best Brothers
Bromance 
Soon he will regret like Arab leaders who surrender their nuclear weapons & then wiped out. ........
#America & western countries need to deneuclrized first.
HA GAAAAY
Peace 
It start to something better for the two Koreas
I think this is a good example to global.We need peace.
There is a motive behind doing this, something is fishy. Or he just loves south korean kpop groups to the point it ends wars.
Keep working on!
Praise God! 
Trust thru force? NOT
당신은 당신이 한 일을 위해 우리 중 최고입니다. 감사합니다. 사람들에게 필요한 것을 인간 공동체에 물어보십시오. 당신이 우리 모두에게 주신 위대한 희망, 우리는 친절하게 대응해야합니다.
United by war X United by peace!! 
photos: craighead shealah and inter-Korean dome
Whoever did this is an a******
A mozda sve zavrsi dobro?
당신이 어디에 있든, 김정은, 당신은 가장 위대한 분이 십니다. 가장 축복 받고 명예롭게, 역사가 영원히 당신의 찬양을 노래 할 것입니다. 선생님 감사합니다.
Let peace prevail?! Will USS and NATO would allow this?
The west gets all giddy from an evil man’s handshake. He saw how these fools pandered up to his sister. This villain is Trump to the nth degree. He murdered his brother, persecuted his own people, and not only fired but actually fired ON anyone who slightly disagrees with him.
Okay
Yes.. The world need peace.. Not war..
congratulations, together we stand, division we fall.
The war never ended Silly....
I can’t help but think of WW2 and poland. Can’t put my finger on.. oh yeah. #HopeForTheBest
Come on guys, credit where it's due. Not a mention of Trump?
Thanks to Trumps Efforts and Pressure, it will Happen.
And you don’t know what he has up his sleeve! 
Kim- Top notch !! So excited for you and your people!!
Nab him #CIA sending back an imposter
Pretty Cool image! Shines with Peace and tranquility!
Would it have killed him to have worn a tie?

now it's only Russia
There goes America ‘s largest weapons export market ... South Korea!! 
Peace is no Friend for the U.S military complex, they must cultivate hatred and makeup bogeymans so that their business might keep running.
inb4 Homefront (video game) happens
Chúc mừng hai nhà nước.
Goosebumps! Love it!!
Unification My father would be so happy to hear this !

A great change btwn North & South Korea.
First it macron and trump,Now these two. It will be Mrs May and Putin next......well maybe not.
Good news for all.
He’s the most famous exile from North
War needs a lot of preparation and money but peace can be so damn cheap. Just keep aside your egos for while.
This is happening thanks to the outstanding negotiating skills of President Donald Trump. President Trump deserves to be nominated for the NOBEL PEACE PRIZE.
I hope this is true and it’s time to dream of a World without any Wars! Freedom of life at-last !
I just hope and pray that they a really making up ,I hate fighting.
The war never ended....
Hope springs eternal!! World leaders should all take note and give us all some belief that peace is the answer
Wow. I feel like taking the day off and going to South Korea too!
This is Awesome
Now minions are going to take credit
Well began is half done . A very good gesture on the part of the man who has been continuously painted in a very bad style .
The victory comes from the North.  NK is not negotiating anything and never will.  Remember Vietnam?
A great day for peace in the world 
Unless someone wants to provoke him 
Ada terharu2 nya gitu :')
Yay no ww3
It's annoying to keep hearing the Americans kept praising Trump for this everywhere even on BBC.
Why didn't they just send Kendall?
Now waiting for western countries to start fighting over who deserves most praise.
Would not be happening without trump's efforts..Nobel peace price for him ..liberal meltdown incoming
Thank Donald Trump is making America great again CNN is fake news and Russia crazy
America hates the thought of peace between south and north Korea, because now, who's the boogeyman for them to demonize and tell everyone to be scared of?
Sadly, as usual....Muslims and Arabs
Thank you Trump!

Falso apretón de manos.
Thanks president Trump!
Nice
so great
This shows just how incredibly stupid & self delusionary political leaders can be that this took so long. Ordinary people should not be putting much faith in our political leaders.
Gave me chills watching this historic moment! Hopefully this is something that will last.   Sadly, in the back of my mind lurks ‘but can he be trusted...?!’
It's a good examples not for just 2 countries involve,but for the whole world specially in South China  Sea islands disputes.
You can make peace with UN involved other countries should learn from this two UN peace is crap and don't work
Its amazing what happens when people can talk face to face. I applaud both of you for your momentous decision.
Yes, all without Japan!
Kiss Jong Un
Trump thinks he had a hand in this lol it wasnt Trump that the Koreans got together, it's Because of Trump being an ASSHOLE, that got the Korean leaders together. Anything said about the Human Rights Miscarriages and Hard Labour Camps in The North?

This and Trump is President!
Great 
Congratulation for both  of Chairman Kim Jong Un and
President Moon Jae-In.If pending issues including 
denuclearisation and
peace in Korean Penninsula can be solved before meeting President Trump in June.
It can be said that everything you need to talk in June. we have agreed!
No doubt Trump will try to take all the credit .
Trump wasn’t there or did have anything to do with it
Good time to shoot him
If you wanted to kill most of your own people in the South...
Lmao just how many leaders have there been since Korean war 2 or 3 BBC again over hyping headline
Inter-Korean Summit Press Center
Infinite is possibilities when humans work together, makes you wonder about primitive ideologies such as war, violence and conflict... petty concepts for us humans really... why superpowers wage it is beyond me.
#fares_al_shehabbi_is_saying_the_truth
Lol both north and south want US troops out of the Korean peninsula
Kim Jong- in had better hurry up with his entente cordiale because he doesn't look in the best of conditions.
“ A Spring of Hope.”
Not convinced, YET!!  
Enfin
#CNN is the breaking news or are you still talking abut stormy or Russia collusion ILLUSION
But what do the experts think of this event?
Thank you President Trump!!!!
Thanks to my president @realDonaldTrump
Personally I don't know what could be #NorthKorea and #KimJongUn 's ( "I want to be a good guy") plan. May be #China squeeze him a little bit?
Kim Jong-un most looking forward to meeting South Korean barbers.
Look those Americans already giving credits to their president
