Meanwhile Saudi Arabia continues to commit war crimes and the West sells them the weapons. Double standards.
March 9 2018: May signs arms deal with Saudi tyrants
March 22 2018: Trump signs arms deal with Saudi tyrants
April 8 2018: Macron signs arms deal with Saudi tyrants

April 14 2018: May, Trump, & Macron launch airstrikes to help out Saudi-backed Islamist terrorists in Syria 
or, chemical weapons capabilities have been targeted because Assad has used chemical weapons against his people.
Why would he do that when he was on the verge of winning the war there? How about, the rebels knew they were beat so they did it knowing the West would punish their enemy, assad.
Oh dear. Which rebels do you think did it? And with what capability? (I know your point is based on nothing, but I’m intrigued nonetheless).
This is hardly some conspiracy loon asking the question about why Assad would use chemical weapons when he's actually winning the war, it's the former head of the British army!
MUST WATCH: Former head of British Armed Forces gets cut off by Sky when he goes off-script on Syria! 
He was questioning Assad’s motive. Didn’t hear him label a rebel group. You didn’t answer my question though. Which rebels do YOU think are responsible for the chemical attacks?
'Mission Accomplished'? How pathetic!
How many of IS are laughing?
Not rlly !! Russia ??
God save Syrians.... God save the innocents. 
Unfortunately, God does not exist! It would be nice if one did exist who would prevent all the suffering in the world! If he does exist and is all powerful, then he is a merciless uncaring being not worthy of veneration!
Truly, come to think of it, there is logic in @crankygerry view about the God he chooses to believe in. Joshua 24: 2....15 got me thinking..., its actually I matter of choice. 
Christianity believes in Salvation, same salvation they say is personal. I stand with Christain Faith.
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/985466797796323328 …        ..........
Why don't the US talk about its chemical weapons,which they have the most on earth and which they have long been under a Treaty with Russia to destroy,as Russia has done?But you can see that there is no money in the…
I will fix your wordpress website any kind of issues. and build your personal & business website
yes having given enough notice for any real target to have been removed he got Putin's ok to proceed with no damage done to anything.
THE ONLY PRES TO DO NOT TALKING SHIT TO STAND & DEFEND TAKES ALOT OF  GALL
March 9 2018: May signs arms deal with Saudi tyrants
March 22 2018: Trump signs arms deal with Saudi tyrants
April 8 2018: Macron signs arms deal with Saudi tyrants

April 14 2018: May, Trump, & Macron launch airstrikes to help out Saudi-backed Islamist terrorists in Syria 


So for you people who dont want this step made by US france and UK, are you just gonna let the chemical attacks happen in Syria?
Regards the conspicuous timing of both the alleged chemical weapons attack and then the subsequent US-led strikes that happened on the day that investigators from the OPCW were due to inspect the site,Galloway believes that the bombings were a cynical attempt to undermine probe
Wondering if the world news outlets would be saying 'alleged' if Obama was still in power?
Amazing how you people sleep at night . Knowing that you peddle LIES that cause death & destruction . Because that is what you do .
Humanitarian bombardment, frees people
@CNN The motivativation behind these military air strikes appear to be the most politically motivated and substantively bankrupt? #Russia #Crimea #Syria #Consistency
It seems that we are currently living a world ruled by the law of the jungle wondering how long this game and the Syrian play will continue
Great work Mr President
Trump needs a distraction from his Russian meddling issue. PM MAy needs distraction to move the focus away from Her BRExIt failures. Wonder what was Macron’s reason. Innocent Syrians paid a heavy price for first world leaders political blunders and incompetency
Ex French colony. They had to be involved.
Thanks for identifying. My bad. Yes, a former French colony. The French still thinks they have a right to the land :P
“Perfectly Executed”?? What was the yard stick? Has the entire Chemical Armpile decimated? How he established that?
Says the draft dodger incarnate
Here we go again. Another illegal, ill-thought out war, which won't serve any good, but will make the 'war machine' rich. When will humanity ever learn that this has to change?
When humanity learns to deal with, or is forced to confront,  the ‘Monsters of the Id’. Not before.
What misdion did he accomplish.
You Americans are adding your enemy numbers
Mmmh, haven’t we heard mission accomplished before somewhere?
Russia = paper tiger  ... relax, Russia knows who is daddy. #fact
“alleged chemical attack” so bitch Britain followed Trumps order based on a myth??
Great. Next step is to warn Syria that the next chemical weapons attack may result in a economic sanctions, weapons embargo, or no fly zones. Bombings alone may not be enough dissuade future use of chemical weapons. @NATO @nikkihaley

Didn’t that saying bite Bush jr. in the ass.
Hopefully he doesn’t use this as fodder for another strike :/
Time to start prepping
The US and its allies have put the world at risk with the attack on Russia’s ally, Syria. I hope i’m wrong. But nothing good can be gained by putting an end to illegal weapons production thru an Act of War - that imperils global stability and risks humanity’s annihilation!
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/985191394385055748 …          ..........
For systematic violations and disregard of the UN Charter,the USA should be automatically excluded from its membership.The USA without the authority of the UN has long terrorized and bombed many countries,forci…
BULLSHIT
I remember the last time a president of the United States States said "mission accomplished"
Not what the Russians are saying, they say the Syrians took out the majority of the missiles in mid air. Hmmm, who to believe?
The Russians!
Выступать на стороне террористов, бомбить суверенные государства, я не думаю, что вашу варварскую политику одобряет ваш народ. Ваши действия приближают войну и это будет мировой катастрофой.
Because "Mission Accomplished" worked out SO well for Bush... #resist
Trump the delusional!!

BREAKING: French defense minister says Russia was warned ahead of joint US, UK, French military attacks on Syria.
Feeling pressured?  Drop more bombs on brown people.
what an idiot he is. God bless 

he's lost the plot
BBC- propaganda outlet for war criminals.
I think trump jumped the gun, because his days as president are numbered. Muller has evidence of his involvement with Russia, and will be coming for him, or he will sack Muller, either way trump will be impeached, so wanted to take heat of himself.

Remember this photo of a kid laying next to her ‘dead’ parents who were ‘killed’ by Assad and this photo went viral and got thousands of retweets and had people crying all over Twitter? 
I did not vote for this buffoon.
Says the Conservative party news station!!!
钱宝事件事发至今100多天，案件仍处于侦查阶段警方暗箱操作，买通媒体水军发布造谣抹黑文章，隐瞒钱旺众多实业资产背后有何目的？明摆着南京政府借打非名义强吃钱旺数百亿资产，引发数百万民众民怨沸腾，令人寒心的是整个国家的办事机构都在推诿扯皮，主流媒体都在颠倒黑白。

Perfect 
BS
I wonder how many people actually believe "Mission Accomplished"? What a sad case for the USA, "MA" where, in Libia, Agfghanistan, Iraq, Vietnam, Korea? Millions of inocent killed yes. You reap what you sow!!!
Is it??
Well that's all right then...
hilarious, ppl are dying by other weapons for more than 5 years, n That's OK but chemical weapons are not?!
Heartbreaking Pictures Show Drowned Refugee Boy Washing Up On Beach

https://capitalparanaense.blogspot.com.br/2015/09/uss-theodore-roosevelt.html …
Let's all defend assad and Russia because they are good Honest people, never use chemicals ever nor killed any of their own
Fucking tangerine tyrant. Is he for real? This could lead to WWW3
#NoProof, #NoAuthorization, #Betrayal, Americans Want MAGA not WAR. @realDonaldTrump
UK should ask Trump how many Syrian refugees he has taken in. He doesn’t care about these people. This is just distraction and May is complicit
What is wrong with human beings?Why can’t we enjoy this short stay on Earth??
Why always resort to war, bombs and violence to solve problems ??
Millions of kids die w/o experiencing a peaceful life.For what? EGO,POWER?
A huge FAILURE.That’s what we are!
It is because we allow the worst individuals in our society to rule us.
Weren't most of them shot down?
Not only is Mission Accomplished a very often used phrase in English,it was never used by Bush:That was #FakeNews,still believed because the stupid half of #America are brainwashed by partisan TV;Just like idiots who say missiles used before expiry cost more than those not used
Said by a fellow teacher: Because every grown up knows the right way to deal with a fight is to tell the kids 'go on, hit him back then he won't do it again'. Yup. Works every time. Definitely doesn't create feuds. Good going, world leaders. Top call.

still using words of doubt: 'alleged'
Lies
The last time someone said, "Mission Accomplished", we ending up in Iraq for...oh, wait, we're still there.
I'm not sure any sort of military action should be described as 'perfect' 
In a perfect world it should not be necessary to launch missiles.
Fake news
71 anulados perfeitamente
2/3 of those missiles were shot down by old soviet missiles that were built 30 years ago... only few hit the target the other didnt even make it to syria or missed.... what an embarrassment...
perfect, home in time for tea

Oh Hell, not another "Mission Accomplished"!

Geez!
Is the action legitimate?  What if other countries disagreed with a sovereign decision made by US, say the election of their president... and launched missile strikes against all cities where the Republicans won?  That ok?  And EU bombing UK for brexit?  Where is UN?
Well done Dotard! You made millions with your strike and managed to kill a few. Hope your sleeping soundly now.
of course he did
“Mission Accomplished”. We know how that worked@out... #failingtrump #lyingtrump
I'm glad that the USA, Great Britain and France all came together to accomplish this mission. Great job! Mission Accomplished
live on RT at the scene and the birds are flying past... Smoking chemical plant? and the film crew are wearing shorts and sandals WTF is going on???
If a 30% success rate is considered as "perfect execution" then western standards are so low these days
Fake news by western  press.
BUT NO PROOF in syria

No mention  of qatar  gas pipeline.
Or who funds the rebels.

No mention of israel drilling  for oil on Syrien  land.

Cover  up by the west
And so the Missionnaires can go back to preaching. #ReLegions
#Hate
More of "perfected coordinated with Russia" strikes
The Islamist Jihadi rebel groups are celebrating too. You gave them a lifeline from the jaws of defeat.
Alleged...chemical attack...really!  It happened..get your head out of the sand
FAKE NEWS,,FAKE NEWS
Waiting for Putin's retaliation....
Completely fake. Here’s an unlucky fella here.
Not that old chestnut ..people who look alike must be same person?
Dirty imperialist games in Middle East. Create divisions, sectarian tensions, arm different groups against each other, finance & train terror groups against legitimate Middle East governments, topple elected states.. yes you are getting close to completing your mission.
... and then what ... create another vacuum for the fanatic Islamists to scavenge and thrive ??
If Russia and Syria are both using illegal chemical weapons. Why ain’t we bombing Russia as well since they use in UK land or too big for the boots?
In don’t think there are any Chemical weapons in Syria. It’s just an excuse. Moving things to phase 2 or something like that!
The plan is to keep Assad and give him a smaller Syria. Allocate some of his country space to Lebanon and Turkey and Iraq.
How many civilians dead/injured?
We will never know ....
God save the world from this kind of people
Lol
Some were called war criminals in internal conflicts and were punished, but all hail a war criminal who made aggression against other country, seems the world is full o bloody idiots
ANOTHER TRUMP FUBAR
Mission not accomplished, just a cleaver ploy to start ww3 & kill billions of innocent people


Well if @POTUS the hooker shagger says so and the incompetent @theresa_may also backs it, who are we to question it eh......just like Iraq WMDs etc no fucking evidence. Putin/Assad could easily justifiably retaliate and no one should batter an eyelid
Trump needs executing
Mission accomplished? Only when Assad is gone
What did you gain?
lol...now where have i heard that before
Oh good.  Does that mean we’re done now?

Glad that the US have powerful servants willing to do what the White House orders.
Hey.. look over here, air strikes.. never mind the chaos in Washington’s, it’s fake news, look at those beautiful air strikes
I read reports of a child dying in that area due to the air strikes  shame on @theresa_may @realDonaldTrump @EmmanuelMacron
That is a terrible thing, but did you tweet the same thing for every man woman and child murdered by chemical weapons? Didn't think so.
I’m sorry. But source?
How can he possibly know it's 'mission accomplished,' unless the strike was never meant to be more than a token gesture.
The alleged strikes, on the  alleged chemical weapons factory, has allegedly been accomplished, this will happened again if any more alleged chemical attacks allegedly happen. So be allegedly worried 
Hmmm! Pardon me if I am suspicious of the  "perfectly executed accomplished mission!" Wait and see!
Check out the real situation:
Nation war against nation.
Where did it all begin?
When will it end?
Well, it seems like: total destruction the only solution,
And there ain't no use: no one can stop them now
It’s another Iraq! Reshaping the Middle East into new country tries with new borders. Plan is still in its phase 2 stage and there’s more to come sadly
Don't tell me - it was the greatest attack on Syria ever, absolutely fantastic and with more mobile chemical weapons laboratories from Iraq found and blown apart and more chemicals from Libya destroyed than the Syrian's even knew they had.....
Trump will claim that this surpasses anything Bush n Obama ever did in the middle East. Best victory n success. That man is so grossly deluded.
We should all well remember the last time a Republican President declared “Mission Accomplished.”
mzsei

All I just have to say Is that we should know how we handle situations like this. To avoid world war.
What a great news @POTUS. Well done. We can not and shall not allowe death of innocent people on this planet by any dictator including @PutinRF_Eng or @xijingping .
Or @theresa_may
Because, we believe and trust everything that infant says?
Oh shit, we’re fucked..


Rubbish.....utter rubbish. If Great Britain and the allies hadn’t bombed Germany during the Second World War millions more would have perished and there wouldn’t be any more Jews in the world! Or Disabled people...... war acts are the final straw when tyrants don’t listen...
Why is BBC saying 'alleged'.
Assad :"Western aggression will make Syria more determined."
Boooo. Boooooo. Boooooo
Yup bombs dropped, bomber's home....End of storyn
This not the first time that the warmongers attacked Syria but, it still and will rise again.
Russia claims  Syria air defences shot down 71 of the 103 missiles.
Apparently he tipped of the Russians who tipped off the Syrians.
And we should listen to”gamer computer electronic “ why?
So the “alleged chemical attack” by Syria deserves missiles from 3 countries, whereas when Israel kills women and children in Gaza using Phosphorus bombs (chemical weapons) it is given more military aid to further their occupation.
And then there's Yemen... If white people lived there, then the western world would do something about it. They don't really care. It's disgusting the way we treat eachother.
That sounds like George Bush! The mission there was far from accomplished!

And nothing will change. Trump tweeted enough heads up to the Russian do none of their nationals would be hurt. The hypocrisy is amazing we will bomb your country but not allow you to escape to to the US. Tories voted against allowing 3k orphan children to enter the UK. Shameful.
FBI has uncover unlawful business activity/ tape by Trump lawyer Michael Cohen

Russian and Iranian response imminent. China Will Be Watching!
I just love all the 'we love chemical weapon strikes by Syria'.  Trump is a leader.  Hillary would have just sold Syria more chemicals for weapons for 'campaign contributions'.
Nonsense 
It  was nothing but a cheap 
And limited show of firepower done for blind supporters. 
All those with sense understand it was a failed attack and most of the targeted sites were already deserted!
PM May faces down call for votes on future strikes.



Repeat again:  ALLEGED (FAKE NEWS) Chemical attacks.  Remember the Iraq lies ?  Same people involved
UN Security Council to discuss Syria strikes.
Trump must be a genius - he has solved Syria and the whole Middle East crisis with a few missiles. Why has nobody thought of that before? It will be only be “mission accomplished” until he needs something else to distract the world from evidence of his wrongdoings.
And I thought he had already solved everything with a few missiles about a year ago the last time he made a one time strike on the same country for the same reason.  ?;- )
Syria is a war test ground for World powers to show their mussels. Actually no one care about Syria.

#USA, #Asad, #Russia biggest culprit & Iran, Israel, UK, France will be remembered as supporters of this war crime.

UN has no significance behaving like audience 
#SyriaStrikes
Israel  drilling  for oil  on the goalan
Thats syria.. !
Can we stop now then?
Of course Trump would claim perfection. He thinks everything he does is perfect.
What mission? To hit empty targets in the desert to the tune of $200 + mill?
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED! AMERICA F**K YEAH!
Until Damascus does it again and it will. Let's not forget Russia has said consequences r coming for this attack.
This is all wrong
FAKE NEWS @BBC
Erm...haven’t we heard this before?!
He doesn’t know what he’s started
Trust Trump to start boasting about the missile strike!
Oh God, he’s awake 
#LockUpTrump #ImpeachTrump
Where have I heard that before?

I just have this strange image of a former US president on an aircraft carrier with a certain banner declaring Iraq war over, but it kinda wasn't.

Assad can (and will) still slaughter civilians. So what has actually been achieved?
