@POTUS for Nobel peace prize or am i too early to celebrate 
They'll probably give it to Un.
Or China and S Korea to be shared. According to my liberal mother, the word is out. China gets the credit for this meeting of the two Koreas. I laughed at her and she hung up on me. I wasn’t trying to laugh at her, only that she continues to watch the F A K E  News networks. Sad
I think the Koreans get the credit.
ok kim for Peace prize 
I think maybe the South Korean leader?  No?
think more of a bigger step by North cos the way he was....
his come off his God status to a leader dont 4 get his backin down on nukes, stopping propganda leaflet hopefully human rights issues. defo kim has made more of a step
I think it's probably more tactical from the South Korean leader, I'm not assuming a big change of heart from Kim, it's probably someone who has tactically appealed to him in a way he understands, not insulted him over twitter.
@david_vanhauter did u see this?
Yes
I bet Trump’ll get a nobel peace prize for this...
Trump had nothing to do with this.
He kinda did - and how the hell did Obama win a peace prize before he even did anything, considering his inaction in North Korea and making a pig’s ear of Syria...
Obama won the Nobel for what he stood for, his vision. Before they knew repubes were going to take party over everything to a whole new level during his presidency and twart his every move. And we here all know why repubes did that.
What exactly was Obama’s vision though? He may have been an excellent orator, but then again so was Reagan... It’s easy to stand up in front of an adoring crowd, but what substantial progress was actually made by Obama’s administration?

I think the biggest legacy of Obama’s was the economic recovery - so why do very few people credit @David_Cameron with his legacy which is very similar to Obama’s, creating jobs, getting people off welfare and into work, slashing the deficit, balancing the books, etc...
I confess I don’t know enough about British economy to talk about Cameron. The English part of my family had complains about the gutting of the NHS and the whole Brexit fiasco.
Why does #NevilleChamberlain’s #appeasementspeech spring to mind? #BerlinAgreement
He has nothing to see with the peace talk. It's the new South Korean president who favour dialogue... Trump, was the one insulting Kim Jung  on Twitter.
Foot in mouth                                               https://www-m.cnn.com/2018/04/26/world/korea-summit-kang-kyung-wha-amanpour-intl/index.html …
Wexey Ku qasbanyihiin iney ka hadlaan amniga labada dal
You've got to hear the translator saying, "they want to live in piss!" 
The world recognizes a new North Korea coming into existence!

Kim Jong-un is a progressive and intelligent leader. It takes courage to pursue peace for the good of his country. 
These events ultimately affect the entire world!

World  is truly possible.
We have to want it!
Don't get ahead of yourself buddy. This is just the beginning of a long, long process that could be shut down at any moment. we will watch and see what unfolds though.
"With God all things are possible." 
christian Is mith?? lol
Whatever makes you happy. 
and you all can thank Trump.
Should that not be "an" historic? 
The line dividing Korea.
Wow
reminds me of the siege of yeovil 1946. me and all the old boys storming the last line of defence
Trump will claim credit for all of that. Best American president of all times.
If they had built a MacDonald's on the south side of the border he would have crossed evrry day
His communism is a failure, he saw the difference .
haha.. To think that this is all due to Trump. But #FakeNewsMedia will always find a way to smear.
We thank God then
Surprised, but good for world peace !
Thank trump for this moment . He is the only us president to achieve this and a summit between the us and north Korea
Wonder if he’ll pick up a fridge magnet 
This is great. Take away the animosity and this is what you get. Deep down, no one hates anyone. We all love peace. It’s what life is all about.
So
What's he up to . From being a fruitloop to everyone's best mate in 4 months mmm I don't need to smell mackerel to know something fishy is going on
Well done a small step to peach but a step
This reminds me of the time Burton Albion relegated Sunderland to League One.
@BBCBreaking
Superb
They called so many things yet he is the only one that has done the right thing #Respect #ForWorldPeace
Diplomacy is way to go,  now North Korea should abandon their destructive nuclear weapons program if they are committed to peace
Sounds like a good Korea move.

A hopeful moment with potential for peace. A lot of credit to South Korea's President Moon who has really pushed hard for this. Lets hope it leads to something.
Grandes figures : J.Monnet F.Mitterrand, De Gaulle, Kennedy, Gandhi, M L K, Kennedy Amilcar Cabral et autres ESPRITS travaillent dans ce sens Tempérer la pensée malveillante de l'homme, créer fraternité entre l'humanité terrestre, autre que éviter destruction de la planète Terre
Wow 
Can we have the WEATHER on please !!!
It's surreal to see the leaders of the two Korea's shaking hands.
Held? It was known like more'n 48 hours ago that they were 'to hold', right? 
Poor Americans. The much dreaded peace might actually happen...who to sell all those killing machines now?!
Saudi Arabia?
See what can happen when countries talk to each rather than bombing them? Maybe we should try doing the same.
Good and i am sure they are those who like to claim credit. Shame on these hypocrites.
Japan’s fish are leaping for joy. They still have no clue why they were being bombed.
@RT_com Beat you to it.

#KimJongUn's only interest is to hold on to power. This suits #China as it prevents #US bases being too near to their borders. America usually prefers a dictator as they are easier to coerce so the only sticking point was the nukes.
This is a stage play enjoy the movie
Peninsula since the end of the Korean war in 1953.
Kim Jong Un becomes the first North Korean leader to set foot in South Korea  by crossing the military line that has divided the Korean
@BBCBreaking you lie he is not the first to cross it do your research very well before posting misleading information .
Insomnia?
All brought on by DONALD JOHN TRUMPS policies
As @philtufnell says, good day to be alive.
Hey BBC why not at least Try to tell the truth at least this once??? It really would be good for the world if you do the right thing and give credit, where credits due. This meeting of the two Koreas WOULD NOT BE HAPPENING WITHOUT THE AMERICAN PRESIDENT, @realDonaldTrump!!! 
No one likes your president get over it
Kim il Sung never crossed the border during any of the advances?
Thanks to Donald Trum!
#GreatAwakening

I hope he limboed across it or did something special.
@MauricioAlves75
Peace n love, righteousness
Loving the music as they marched in together
All the wet, Kim. Prove them wrong.
#ReleaseTheTexts 
#pedovores
#FreeHollywood
This is a big deal. Just six months ago they were firing missiles over Japan and testing nuclear warheads.
Yeah... since their nuclear testing mountain literally melted on top of them, they have very little options now...
Play nice. Gotta be a good thing!
乐意看见朝韩关系取得进展，然而由于韩国没有军事行动自主权，美日不一定希望半岛地区稳定，半岛稳定下来美国老就卖不了武器，就没有存在的理由。所以此次会晤象征意义比较大！

But he went to school in Switzerland.
Way to go Rocket Man
And that without US help, S Korea has proven that the US diplomacy was pure waste of time
Yea those debilitating sanctions have nothing to do with Kim coming to his senses.   Gtfoh
#IMAMMAHDİ 
Koreans*
?
"Dividing the Koreans" right or am I missing the point here 
Dividing the Koreas meaning dividing north Korea and South Korea, the koreans are the people
Gotcha , thanks 
