All you oldies out here saying "is this really breaking news" and "who is he". He is one of the true pioneers of edm. A monumental loss amongst the younger generations.
He wasn’t a pioneer but he was definitely an important influence on modern EDM & introducing a newer generation to it. RIP 
He literally made edm what it is today
Obviously.  His was one of the modern takes on EDM. Scores more EDM artists out there who paved the way for him were the pioneers though.
Yeah I get you
First and most importantly, he's a human being!
Oman, what a shame
What??.
Yeah because Oman is my country
Oman or oh man, what a shame.
ههههه تو مالها ذي 
Hope he’s okay
yeah he's fine except for being dead  @BBCBreaking
Omg savage

Wtf is EDM??! 

@Jack_Cydia how did how did you get the avicii logo in ur name
Copy and paste it in your name ◢ ◤
Wake him up when it's all over.
Took a pill in Ibiza?
Took a pill in Oman.
Petri, good effort fella. Out done me with likes on a reply to my tweet. Respect
Thank you, my dood.
No one knows how,...  does it matter?! A little respect.  He was a very young man.   RIP Avicii
Alcoholism.
Aaron Ramsey must have hit a banger in training
2012 called
Pretty sure he didn't trip over a crate of records. Drugs steal so much art and beauty.
And had acute pancreatitis a few years ago. Drugs aren’t everything. He was a great man who died young. Have a little class when you tweet
Killed himself with alcohol. I guess that’s a drug for some people
He has gallbladder issues he’s been fighting with health issues not everything is about drugs and alchohal
What gallbladder issue   are u his doc or something,get your info right
He had surgery to remove his gallbladder...the man had acute pancreatitis
Thanks. I was wrong to assume drugs and alcohol were directly involved.
He said himself his excessive drinking caused the acute pancreatitis & led to the removal of his organs. They didn’t fail randomly. It’s sad that this happened but people should know how much harm they can do to themselves.
I'm 54 and I have liked his music and anyone who can claim 11 billion streams on Spotify deserves respect. RIP
Me too (57)
I'm 41...a little younger but im sure I'd be considered an oldie.  I was listening to the first 'proper' dance music!
Me too
#GetWellSoonAvicii 
He died...
Wenger out
Sad loss to Music ....

His legacy will endure through his digital footprint 

Avicii - Full Summertime Ball Set (Part One)
WAS IT DRUGS?  I MEAN GETTING DRUGS INTO THE MIDDLE E AST IS A CHALLENGE, BUT FAMOUS PEOPLE MOVE MOUNTAIN.  WOW, RIP
WHY ARE YOU SHOUTING?
SO MUCH SHOUTING 
Madonna and Coldplay ffs. Whoever wrote this tribute deserves sacking
Whats wrong with mentioning coldplay? chris and tim worked on a sky full of stars and heaven and we're friends.
Cuz Avicii stands alone as an artist... doesn’t need others mentioned to justify his status ffs. How insulting.
Well not everyone over the age of 30 knows about him, im sure thats why they mentioned his collabs. I dont think he will mind being mentioned with coldplay considering hes just had them in his new netflix documentary.
He had one of the biggest songs in recent history ffs. Millions know who he is. Far less famous people don’t get tweets like that when they die. The tweet is terribly worded. End of.
Not for over 30's....which is why bbc news did it
Loved the tunes @Avicii made. Rest in peace Tim.
Oh no RIP
So DJ Avicii’s greatest achievement is collaborating with Madonna and Coldplay? Maembe!!!!
You of all people, I expected something better
Fk mn
You really had to shorten that by 3 letters? What was the point?
RIP
WHAT????????????
Permanent late nights + little sleep + alcohol + drugs + stress. But he retired and I thought maybe he got clean.

It’s really sad he didn’t stop sooner if that’s what caused it. Maybe he didn’t have the support he needed. RIP 

From 2016...
Avicii's music 'will live forever': Tributes have been paid to the Swedish DJ

https://bbc.in/2JdDkHs 
R.I.P LOVED UR  MUSIC YOU MAY BE GONE BUT UR  MUSIC WILL CARRY ON 
Shocked and Horrified at this today's dreadful news. RIP
What the f*ck...
What?! That's extremely sad news! RIP
Monday left me broken
Tuesday I was through with hoping
Wednesday my empty arms were open
Thursday waiting for love, waiting for love
Thank the stars it's Friday
I'm burning like a fire gone wild on Saturday
Guess I won't be coming to ...
You should see a doctor
So sad, such a talented and young guy 
"who has collaborated with the likes of Madonna and Coldplay" pretty sure his name speaks for himself.  If your asking who he is please crawl back under the rock you came from.
The first Dj i came to know, his music brought me into the EDM world and it’s such a tragic loss for all music lovers and fans around the world. He will always remembered for who he was and what he did during his short stay. R.I.P Avicii....#levels
He said, "One day you'll leave this world behind So live a life you will remember." My father told me when I was just a child These are the nights that never die; My father told me”
Incase u people think that the cause of his death is from were he died ( Oman ) no Oman is peacefull people are kind. I heard he had disease called pancreatitis this comes when u over drink alcohol .plus Oman has no alcohol.    Rip avicii 
Who said he died because Oman is not peaceful ?  Oh so you mean to also say he died because there is no alcohol in Oman ?
All tweeter is talking shit because of him dieing in Oman. This is non of your business it’s not okay that people saying That people in Oman are unfriendly and rude ...... saying I’d rather die from going to that place. So that’s what I’m trying to say
Old people making disrespectful remarks asking who he is, are probably the same ones who claim the younger generation has no respect. A man died, regardless of if you knew him or heard of him it’s sad.
'He said one day you'll leave this world behind, so live a life you will remember' Those words never applied more, RIP Avicii.
One day you'll leave this world behind
So live a life you will remember. Avicii was so talented and this is so sad for somebody whose music touched people.
RIP Avicii... No words are worthy enough to define your role in this generation. Lost a Legend
Rest In Peace Avicii 
Why??? No one should die at 28.  :( 
Sad loss to music.....RIP
at least before he died i told him i was cool
no age at all 
RIP
With all respect how does makes breaking news, same when Robert Miles passed away last year. One song, albeit a biggun.
Get where you're coming from pal. RIP to the fella but I don't honestly think I've ever heard any of my followers mention him before now my timeline is awash with grief
Drug related narcotic death?
Speaking of junkies, just found @LiveForeverSY tonight on this account
@JackoGaz it’s on the bbc, must be real
I’m 54 and I’m like FUCKING WHAAAAT??? He was a genius.   So sad
Condolence to his family
Shocking, very sad newsI enjoyed his music a lot, such a big loss to the music industry and died so young. #RIP
#avicci
But his wonderful music will live forever.

At 28 that's sad...
This is awful. I was only listening to his music this morning thinking what a brilliant artist he was. RIP Avicii..
You guys are making jokes, Avicii is dead enough
Awful news. Such a talented artist. RIP Tim
Saw him at EDC. Rip.
Real loss to the music industry..
It's all over? Someone wake him up!


RIP
Breaking news really?
This came as such a shock earlier - a phenomenal artist #rip @avicci
 so so young
I know just 28 
EDM is dead. Sad!
Why are so many people liking this tweet? Even though I didn't know him I certainly don't like the fact that he's died.
Such a young age for a fantastic artist
Will he get justice, died while doing office job on duty at#MTNL DELHI. The vedio will shake you to the core. Please help. Please RT. No media coverage. Apathy from management side #JusticeForManishMTNL #justicetohumanity
RIP RT @BBCBreaking: Swedish DJ Avicii… died…
2017年12月26日，中国江苏省南京市政府诱捕了钱旺集团董事长张小雷，利用手中的职权强行封闭了钱旺集团旗下的所有分公司，数万员工被强制遣散失业。两百万公司合伙人无处诉求，数万合伙人遭到公安的恐吓，威逼，殴打上访群众，诱导大家制造假案，猖狂至极，无处发声。望求正义之声 ！
“Wish that I could stay forever this young. Not afraid to close my eyes.”
"He said one day you will leave this world behind, so live a life you will remember my father told me when i was just a child that these nights...". You gone too soon. RIP AVICII. Now you have left this world behind but you will forever be remembered for the life you lived.
This is so sad. I got the introduction to Avicii and his music through @RalphLauren’s feature on him for their Denim and Supply designer line. It’s a very strange and surprising news. 
Sad - Class act  RIP
I can remove/change color of background from photos/hair. and also resize and restore pic. Please visit here. thanks http://bitly.com/2qFBKaL 
#Shivik
#Aakshi
#Commonwealth
#thriller
#removebackground
#DonaldTrump
Never heard of him
Pancreatic issues coupled by drinking is what  I’m hearing
Hey brother, wake me up when it's over. 
he will be on the Gary's with Dale Winton now singing come on eileen
#Avicii So sad.. Gone far too soon.. Loved his music. Always got everyone up dancing. Rest In Peace dude 
Sad and so young too.
"One day you'll leave this world behind, so live a life you will remember"
Sad as he was suffering from quite some times...
God there is some ignorant and careless people responding to this thread. If you don't know who he is then you are not qualified to comment!!! Such a talented guy, terrible news #RIPAvicii
Our prayers and thoughts go out to his family and friend. R.I.P D.J Avicii
Oh no!!! Who in the world will push the play button now? The travesty.
I still need time to let this sink in. I cannot believe Avicii is no more.
#RIP God bless his soul!
WTF IS GOIN ON IN THE WORLD !
What the fuck
Whaaaattttt is this a wind upppp
@samuelcnn @BBCNews wtf

This hit really hard...one of my all time favorite artist. I can’t believe it. #RIPAvicii 
Sad news
WHAT ON EARTH HOW
did he take a pill in ibiza?
What?! That’s awful!
@ramaozin
It's sad when stuff like this happens. People at 28 don't just drop dead though. Something happened. My guess is drugs. Prescription or otherwise
@_haifaa98  shit it's true 
https://twitter.com/stbs66/status/987355231393583104?s=21 … 
البريك بتاع القرايا اكتر من زمن القرايا زاتو
but how? what happened
@XstraightMurks
who? meanwhile in telford...
oh man, hope they flushed the ketamine
This Could be breaking News if the UK Vote below and make a dream become a reality if we stand together for the good to help others.
Help me get my business in front of Richard Branson - hit the link to vote for me in @vmbusiness #Voom Pitch 2018: https://voom.virginmediabusiness.co.uk/pitches/monument-music-festival …
But I need an explanation WHY??????
R I P  ，so young...
This is so very sad indeed... May his Soul Rest in God's Perfect Peace Amen
I know people won't like this but....drugs are plenty available.
SAD....R I P
Omg...may his soul rest in peace ..he was the best
the boy joined The legend Freddie
Why has he died?
Nope. Never heard of him.
Devastating news 
I know who he is and I still say "Why is this news?"
A sad way to lose a talented artisterest in peace
Rip Avici
Oh Lord! Why leaving the stage now
Rip Avicii
This is where he passed away . I AM FROM THAT PLACE .
مبروك
Welcome to our great temple where we cure all types of sickness and offer different spells to our esteemed customers be it love spell, promotion at work or you want to win someone back... A trial will certainly convince you. Chat us on WhatsApp +2348117791924
Never heard of him before, but sad news
too much aqua vit?
God bless him@and his family and friends. Makes you makes me , sorry , that public talented people get lost in fame and fortune forgetting what they loved it the first place.
... so..sad
RIP Avicii
Oh no 
Overdose
28  so sorry to hear that
Died too young, sad. MHSRIEP!
So sad!! 
Gone too soon  RIP 
Very sad dying so young . I had acute pancreatitis and I don’t drink I had gallstones and they came loose and blocked my pancreatic and bile duct
I object to the term "oldie" and prefer the more politically correct term "gammon" in reference to anyone over 50. Rock on Tommy!
Such sad news
Rest in peace @Dj avicii 
#we will always miss you.

@ChisomoA RIP
Iwe koma efelo kamwendo 

whose gonna press play

Who!!!
Deeply Saddened .Sorry to Family .
Rip big guy
A light that burns twice as bright lasts half as long. The only good thing about this is that Heaven must have a banging line up for the next concert
Such a pity
RIP Avicii :(
RIP, your music will always stay with us !!! 
Amazing Talent Lost :(
Such a sad news. He's too young to die, but his music will never be forgotten. RIP, @Avicii. 
は？
I wish he could compose his music in his world.
RIP
People who had no clue about EDM liked some of his songs. Regardless of the cause it’s still sad. For his family and friends and his potential to make more music - the international language
RIP
What?
Damn this sure sucks, lost Chester Bennington now him.... 
Avicii no more ! Very sad ! RIP !
It is a really tragic news!! RIP!!
BBC.. Brahman Broadcasting corporation.
Low energy
So young....
I remember playing the guitar on Hey Brother at our 7th grade graduation. R.I.P. Avicii.
RIP...#avicii
Extremely sad news
Rip
Woah.
rip avicii mate your songs are inspirationational hopr ypu rest peacefully #Avicii
RIP
RIP Avicii
WHAT
Wake him up when it's all over
Legends don't die
Rest in Power! 
Oh my gosh.
R.I.P
RIP
Literally who? Bleep blip blop press a few buttons on a keyboard bleepitty blip whizz
Such a sad news R.I.P Avicii 
All the best die young
Bummer, bruh.
 just watched #Avicii and @aloeblacc perform together. 
So sad to hear this. Life really is too short, and fragile.
One of the greatest djs never got to see him live a shame R.I.P a true great
 RT @BBCBreaking: Swedish DJ Avicii, who has collaborated with the likes of Madonna and Coldplay, has died in Oman at the age of 28


So sad and gone too soon. Was still profiling him some few days back and now the shock news
SAD
Crazy drugs and alcohol are killing people  a lot , to young
Love all your work! You are a very funny lady - and so original!
