
@jasperysc
Aww that’s a shame. News must be slow today
:( Oh no.................. condolences to their families and loved ones
russia destroy British plane and russia will destroy all British military
Their names, ages, genders.... Or is this going to be another 5 second headline since the deceased are Muslims?
Wrong place, wrong time
Islam is peace. All prophets Muslim. Islam is a complete code of life.
Define British nationals? Are they like the British nationals who hate us and join isis or real ones who are white
They are British nationals. As in they are British.
If a dog is born in a stable is it a horse?
Nationality =/= species
BBC news is fake news ok
How?
That's truly sad news. Rip to the 4 deaths

Unfortunately there are many deaths on the roads in this part of the world.
Rip
Launch air strikes ?
Your avatar photo looks like an eyelash. I spent ages trying to wipe it off my phone screen.
That’s how I got the idea Haha
Sad
15 minute rule was adhere to?
There’s British nationals and there’s British nationals!!
Prayer go out to all family & friends of the 4 souls who have passed.
https://twitter.com/afshinrattansi/status/988078005061849090?s=19 … #orwellian
"The BBC worked directly with MI5 to bar left-wing journalists and prevent a left-wing British government" https://evolvepolitics.com/the-bbc-worked-directly-with-mi5-to-bar-left-wing-journalists-and-prevent-a-left-wing-british-government/ …
They haven't started yet though 
This is a official confession from you as a woman we didn't say she has a half brain. Coming to the truth,  I think they will minimize the accidents rates you're always quiet and calm

A british national killed in SA ! U never mentioned a word about JalliaWala massacre by British troops in India, & stealing Indian treasures which the British Queen shows off triamphantly, on her immmoral crown ! Wake up Britain ! The Indians are arriving !( not coming!).
@Abu_Rittal99: @BBCBreaking The Western media interest & cover all thier nationals events around the world while Eastern media stand & look as bride even though there are more Muslims are killed without any media covering.
What you on...
Why would someone from the UK want to visit such an oppressive nation in the first place is beyond me? Sad but not national news.
Because they were on their way back from their pilgrimage to mecca. Read the article.
No ty it's not news.
British citizens dying abroad tends to be classed as news.
Zzz don't visit oppressive states. Not news.
How does a coach crash have anything to do with an "oppressive state"?
That's where it occurred
Yes but how is that relevant? It doesn't matter where it occurred. The fact is four British citizens were killed in a coach crash.
“British” hahahahaha sure the Brits love a good rave in Mecca
Yes, believe it or not, British people have the freedom to follow a religion.
Religion of death
Left right muzzie loving muppet
Traitorous? Does your mum know you’re on Twitter?
Does yours know you hate people for daring to exist peacefully?
"British" hahaha
Yes? Why the quotes? 

Ah I get it. Racism.
Bothered!!!
hubdreds die on the roads in Saudi, why is this a story?
Because British nationals. What do you think the first B stands for in BBC?
Thoughts and prayers
Hope they are ok
They're dead. They're not ok.
Nothing wrong with hoping
"Road crash"
Yes.
How about some information about why we gave the white helmets £65 million. Where does this money go? What do they do with it? Have BoJo on to discuss it. Afterall he's the one who pledged it to these Jihadis.
You are all jihadis ...
The whole lot of you
Individual tragedies, while sad, are not breaking news for the rest of us.
All your credibility is lost because of your avatar.
My avatar is designed to expose the lack of credibility of those who make snap judgements.
Sure it is buddy. Sure it is. Seems to match your personality to a tee.
maybe look to your own behaviour first before you go around sneering at people you have never met.
Oh wow. The most hypocritical sentence I've ever read.
Yawn!............blocked.
must be a slow news day. Hundreds of people die on British roads every day, how does it become news when the same happens in another country!?
Hundreds?
Surely this drama queen meant millions?
Paryers going up
Some real idiots here as usual.
Human beings were killed also.
I would have more sympathy for a Parrot.
Oh Hell!  I think I might just be officially a 'conspiracy theorist'!  Since when does the BBC cover a car crash in Saudi Arabia, a car crash that happens on the exact same night the Saudi Royal Palace is attacked??  @B75434425 @AliAlAhmed_en @GhanemAlmasarir
When four British citizens are killed, I would imagine
Nope, rarely does a MSM news outlet in Britain report this type of news unless the person is famous.  Deaths of British citizens happen daily overseas.
Four British people killed and 12 British people injured. That happens rarely
No one cares
Shut it virgin
#ILOVEPROPHETMUHAMMAD 
Is that relevant?
