didnt see you lot doing a story when my missus went into labour. double standards at its finest.
Mike, you legend.
cheers.
How are the kids Mike
all good. just sent them off to school. be nice to get some piece an quiet.
Quite right mate. What’s for breakfast
full english. missus got it on the stove already.
Taught her well
Jeeez. Leave the poor woman alone.
If she has the child today on St George’s Day then all the Uncle and Aunty Brexits nationwide will explode.
Oh god they will won’t they. And then be furious with rage that they can’t call him George at least!
Hopefully it would mean that the Daily Mail would spontaneously combust also.
The actual dream!
Watching Remoaners gum bumping  and linking everything and everyone into their Remoanfest is a joy to behold. The knowledge that some will never ‘get over it’ is an absolute delight 
Ooh ..... so close. If you’d called us “Snowflakes” too I’d have had a full house on Uncle Brexit bingo.

Thanks for playing though, good effort.
Please do keep them coming, it’s an absolute delight knowing the butt hurt is so strong 
Not really sure anyone needs to have this as a breaking news alert. There are far more important issues our news gathering services should be concentrating on.
You do realise that there is more than one person at BBC News and hence they can report on more than one thing at a time?
I wonder if she called ahead & was told that they're very busy so only come in if completely necessary....
Then arrive, contractions 5 minutes apart, to be told there’s no delivery rooms available. Haha, what fun!
Who cares
We do.

Knew what the gif would be before it even loaded
Just what a girl needs, the whole world thinking about her vagina.
I wasn't actually......but now I am!
You're welcome 
And me,thanks very much.
 I help where I can 

Why would I be jealous?? 
Definitely not the case
Amazing how many have replied "No one cares" and yet they have taken the time to enter this timeline and tweet. Hypocritical much?
it takes like 5 seconds to write a tweet

Breaking news. Man goes for his morning shite.....
Another royal I've gotta pay for....
https://twitter.com/ziggysblues/status/987921972314234880 …
What's that all about?
Why you have to pay for another Royal.
Read it again.... And yeah I get it now.
I wouldn't class a birth as breaking news. People do it everyday. Progress in brexit talks is breaking news. North korea stopping nuclear tests is breaking news. Dont get me wrong im happy for them. But it is not atleast to me considered breaking news.
Agree with that news yes not breaking though
child birth is a natural thing its been going on for quite a few years now i believe so  why is it breaking news ??
Joke really
Breaking news!! Woman having a baby!! Never happened before!!
Genuinely didn't know she was pregnant. Was it public knowledge?
Yeah it was public knowledge. Also keep an eye out in a few months time as she'll probably get knocked up again.

Sad thing Paul is that millions do .....
A load of stupid Yanks on rejoicing there very sad.


Hey Alex good morning how are you? What's up? She did not know that Kate Middleton was having another baby? Oh ffs! The whole world knows that Kate Middleton is having another baby I mean it's not rocket science eh? http://St.George 's Day today so if its a boy maybe George
Great gif.
Very confusing reply.
Oh god. More news reporters standing for hours outside hospitals telling us nothing has happened yet.
On st George’s day too! How exciting!
The Christian name George has be taken unfortunately.
Because people don't give birth everyday
Didn't even know she was pregnant
#notnews
...and we all know Kate will have a wonderful midwife she knows throughout labour and birth. Good luck to Kate and all the woman in labour today #midwifery #withwoman #continuityofcarer
Woman I don’t know about to do what a billion others have done. BREAKING NEWS

@lloydpato does your auntie Jaq know the good news?
Lmao mate she's on the M8 just now, hoping for a prolonged labour so she has time to make it down to the hospital to see the duchess lift the wean like simba in the lion king
hahahaha
who gives a fuck
William obviously 
I’m sure he was aware.

Unnecessary comments on here as usual from the good old spiteful, jealous, meanspirited UK we have become.
I guess we’ll be putting aside chemical weapons, nuclear testing and Brexit today then!
So happy news is bad?  Only bad news is ok...?
Not at all, but it’s the extent of coverage that’s bad... and who said Brexit was bad news?
BREAKING NEWS: Lady is pregnant.
Best wishes for a healthy baby and safe delivery!
**Nicholas Witchell will be reporting live from the foot of her bed, wearing a head torch, keeping a fraught nation up to speed with developments.**
There's some right misreble bastards around. 
BREAKING NEWS...WOMAN ABOUT TO HAVE BABY....MORE AS WE GET IT...

@OmarRadhia  
The third one ???? we’re getting far too many to support ??
The last one I hope know what I mean? It's ridiculous that the BBC news has it on breaking news I mean women give birth every day it's nothing new know what I mean? It's normal for a woman to be pregnant nowadays jeez man Wtf eh? 
Breaking: Pregnant woman goes into labour.
OMG!That's a miracle!never happened before
I'm enjoying these BBC breaking news items. A rather pleasant diversion from our daily nightmare on this side of the pond.
Woman goes into labour

Who cares?
Yip who cares! Not affect me

State scrounging scum, pumping out progeny for the rest of us to pay for. Not to mention paying for the wedding of James Hewitt"s son. Life is easy when someone else is paying for it, eh?

BREAKING: Pregnant woman goes to hospital.
Her third lizard*
WE DONT CARE. Go report about something that actual matters. Pricks

Lol wankas
No one cares
With the possible exception of the Duke, of course.
Exactly - And that is where it should end
This is neither news nor does it warrant being treated as 'breaking'

Theresa May's cabinet when they hear The Duchess of Cambridge will keep the media busy this week. #royalbaby 

The Kenyan respondent @VinieO must be busting with joy
We are ready 
Where is the party?? Nick hailey??

@Farah_Lou
I AM AWARE
How much are you freaking out right now? Haha
M A T E
I reckon it’s a boy.

May she have an uncomplicated delivery , and  pray for both mother and baby to be healthy after birth.
Right, disabled all notifications from BBC. So-called 'Breaking News', more like 'Royal Family News'.
So what...

Why on earth is this breaking news?!
I hope this doesn’t knock May and Rudd off social media they will be livid.
Me and my mum have a bet going. I say it’s going to be a girl and she says it will be a boy.
What a lovely diversion for the shit storm that is the Conservative Party.
Woman has baby. More on this at 11...
A woman is going into labour in Southern Somalia too. The next hospital facility is 300 km and has been raining cats and dogs. Let’s pray for all
Who honestly cares? Another leech that we have to pay for.
And on St George's day. @DailyMailUK will be in a wanking frenzy.
IDGAF
Hope she doesn't have it in the corridor.
Don’t be *breaking* news when her water breaks .... far out
Another bloodsucking leach that we have to pay for
Early stages? Anyone else would be sent away so that they could give birth in the car park later.
This is wonderful news! The child will be brought up by a loving family. Nice to hear some potentially positive news for a change.
One day you’re gonna break the internet- today is not that day.....
Up Wexford. #UpWexford
Best of luck to them all but I shall now be muting all news outlets for next week
Give the women some privacy! It’s her 3rd child, novelty has worn off a bit!
Ok
Hope it goes well. :)
On St George's day
How lovely xxx
God bless
So what .
lizard
They should keep on repopulating the earth with all the common wealth they have at their disposal.

WOMAN EXPERIENCES CHILDBIRTH.
Bring on the Royal sprog
Big Will needs to wrap it up before he slaps it up.
Paging @BBCSimonMcCoy
I hope they name him Cnut.
Breaking world news woman has a baby?
Lovely .......
On St George's Day ??? 
It's all a fix...
Phew. We can now bury all the Windrush news with this.
Do I get a day off work or anything?
Apparently you will if it happens today and Corbyn wins the next election
At the Same TIME Alfie Evans in Alder Hey hospital UK is Facing Death by Lethal Chemical Injection!! 23months!!! Alfie is NOT Diagnosed NOT Treated!!! ROYAL FAMILY URGENT INTERVENTION NEEDED IMMEDIATELY INTERVENE
I like the royal family but “woman goes into labour” isn’t really breaking news 
Go katy
It will be like a wellie boot that three  that come out
And the countdown begins......?
ITS A BOY 
So I saw 
Who cares?
ี
ค

้ิ้้้้้


Our father of TZ forever, & @JobiJohn11 
She had her baby already.
Will and Kate plus eight
Once it's the 9th child, it's breaking news
I'm very happy, congratulations to the Great Britain Royal Family. Prince, you were born in Monday, God richly bless you.
Fantastic, another one on the civil list!
It seems the UK is full of a***holes when it suits. It’s a baby that hasn’t chosen to be born into a royal family yet it will be blamed for all the ills of this country along with his brother and sister.
Bet she’s gutted the first born wasn’t called George now  #bornonsomeonelsesday #stgeorgesday #thatnamestaken
A woman having a baby is not news, unless you’re a member of the family. Please be more respectful of your readers before posting.
She had a kid big deal this is news because ???? 
Who gives a shit not I
What again !!!!!

SO have HUNDREDS of other Mothers. SO WHAT, It`s just another baby the BRITISH TAX PAYER will be paying for for the rest of it`s life.
Duchess who? Is she giving birth to Dragons?
Who gives a rats arse..........
It's a boy
Who cares
I hope they name him Albert.
BREAKING NEWS-WOMAN HAVING BABY
Wow, a woman goes into labour.
Who gives a rats a###e
one born every minute who the fuck cares
Breaking news??
Really !!!! & that's breaking news ????
Sadly that won’t improve the NHS metrics
Who gives a fuck
Which ones that?
Get on with it Kate. There’s some dopey cow been sat outside for 15 days waiting to have a look at your new sprog
This =/= news
THIRD?! What a waste of our tax.
Hardly breaking news, she’s been pregnant for 9 months; it’s what normally happens after conception.
For goodness' sake Beeb, get a grip! Significant evidence has come to light indicating that Theresa May's Tory party is institutionally racist and you're blathering on about some woman having a baby.
It's a boy.
Who cares!!
Zzzzz...another financial burden on the British people
So what - babies arrive all the time. 
Yawn
Why don’t you phone a friend they might care
Another to join the welfare state born on the 10000 pund a week lindo wing.
With all of the hate in the world, the darkness of terrorists. The economy. ALL those things that make people worry . It’s nice to see something positive and sweet in the news! Stop acting like prigs! Go eat you’re bangers!
Care factor big fat zero

Born on St Georges Day as well, they must call it Mo or Mary.
Fucks she all dressed for then
First time in history, women giving a birth! Great news.
This women should get some rest from constantly producing children every year...
So there's no point turning on a news channel in Britain today then.
I bet her labour has been injuiced to fit on with royal dates,
Who’s the father
So many #salty people on here.  As a matter of fact she is a big deal regardless of what we post here and news about her will get attention    Just look at how many of us cared enough to respond.  All the best to the duchess.
It’s not like they have to pay for them or even mind them.
https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/kate-middletons-parents-cash-loom-3793182 … #RoyalBaby

@nicola712
Yawn
Good luck, Kate!!!
Dear BBC - not remotely interested... any real news? How about this... https://electronicintifada.net/blogs/ali-abunimah/snipers-ordered-shoot-children-israeli-general-confirms....oh … wait - forgot...doesn’t fit the official agenda...
How is this breaking news?

And this is breaking news?
maybe a Saint George’s day birth .  Good luck
yet another sprig we will have to pay for
Breaking news. Woman goes to hospital to have a baby. Whoopee

Great another mouth to feed...
meanwhile. ..other women have been admitted to NHS hospitals in the 'late' stages of labour due to bed shortages...
NOW: the baby’s head is out and the rest of the body still there!
Well, I care. About the duchess and any woman giving birth. So just my best wishes (sorry, no time to look for a 'do care' gif.
You will deliver safely ######
Well, I care. I care about every woman giving birth. I wish her and the baby well. Sorry, just best wishes :) No time to look for elaborate 'do care' gif.
I don’t care
Why is this in my feed... Doesn't impact those around me in anyway.... Basically reads wealthy and entitled pregnant lady in labour... #wow
who cares

A POSH WOMAN IS IN LABOUR.

A FUCKING POSH WOMAN IS IN LABOUR!…
Breaking news, woman having baby.
Well done St. George’s day
Well we just are going to let them have privacy this time.
Oh goody! 
Blessing, all the Best !
