DID KIM JUNG HAVE HIS ARMS CRISSCROSSED WHEN HE AGREED  AT THE SUMMIT ?
Trump made it happen. Obama always haf this opportunity but never did.
sure, honey..take the pills and it will allll be fine
Hey even your CNN is crediting Trump.
ego stroking..they are masters at it
I'm sure you have an excuse for everything instead of giving credit where it's due. So pathetic. You won't be able to do that for everything
Get back to me when he actually achieves something in FACT, apart from golf and fucking porn stars/funding abortions and prancing around the garden holding hands before running into gunfire unarmed to save the children
Carolyn you need to switch off your tv, computer, phone, stop day dreaming about Trump’s sexual habits and GET LAID. 
Oh hallelujah I’m gonna make it to my 19th birthday and not be killed off by people from the Cold War era unleashing nuclear Armageddon
That be the Korean war...not cold war...that was in the 80s...idiot
I think you’ll find that the Cold War started in 1945 directly after WWII and lasted until 1991 when the Soviet Union collapsed. The Korean War was the first ‘hot war’ of the Cold War as it was the first actual armed conflict between the communist east and the capitalist west.
Interesting news
hahahahahaha...not trump

Great !
Did not expect this news today, amazing. Why is this not being reported on tv though, much more important that the name of another royal
It is on the news and Trump is  furiously trying to take credit for it even though he has yet to even talk to Un.
It is a Korean issue, trying to portray US as a deciding party is exageration
Sorry. That should be: How Does Trump Stack Up Against the Best —
and Worst — Presidents?
http:/www. nytimes. com
Or just Google  "Best American Presidents 2018.
Just twiddling my thumbs, waiting for a barrage fromTrump&Friends  taking credit for this as per his usual behavior. So predictable. Sad thing is,  he/they really believe it.
This must have something to do with NK's crumbling infrastructure being unable to sustain a nuclear programme surely?
Exactly one if tge reason. Has nothing to do with US intervention.
UK: for the British patriots! Please note! #TommyRobinson & #Milo at Speaker’s Corner in London #hydepark. Sunday, May 6 at 2:30 PM - 5:30 PM UTC+01. https://www.facebook.com/events/619791051697249/ … …


The left will literally implode over this! Another awesome win for Trump! 
Proposal for a nuclear free #DPRK in exchange for economic aid/prosperity had been tried by Clinton w/out much success. Can Trump’s self-styled deal making skills & Kim’s outside the box mindset achieve peace?

China losing leverage as 2 Koreas are increasingly aligned with 
He was already out of breath
Korean Peninsula denuclearization. Not NK denuclearization. Great move by KJU. Let’s see how long before this sink in with Moron in Chief.
But of course they are, and have always been, Koreans after all!
Course they are
I almost can't believe my eyes, this is amazing
Sometimes & not often enough we hear some GOOD News, hope the 2 Korean leaders carry out their pact, and maybe just maybe the rest of the world might learn something
I won’t hold my breath on that.
Tell Trump and May, they should be next up to do the same!!
@bobbymtran amazing!
Wow I’m shocked they’re cooperating with each other
LET'S HOPE THEY KEEP THEIR WORD!!
GREAT NEWS 
Wow..congrats
only necause norths launch pad got destroyed lol
Why is anybody buying this. NK has just finished developing a ICBM deployed nuclear device. They did this at huge cost. They are not going to disarm any time soon. They will want multiple concessions from the SK and their allies; probably get many of them; then renege on them.
Did they mean to make a nuclear sledge? Cos that would be really cool. They’ve got to do something with all that plutonium.

And the sad truth of the matter is that in the same case of Ronald Reagan and the destroying of the Soviet Union, no one in this fucking shit antiamerican world will ever recognise peace can only be provided by military strength and a strong charismatic leader like Trump.
This makes me very happy!
Hats off to President Trump! Thank God there was no war before reaching this decision! Humanity Prevails! Thank you President Trump!
https://www.express.co.uk/news/world/873443/north-korea-nuclear-accident-Punggye-ri-tunnel-collapse-kim-jong-un …  this is the reason.  Nuclear accidents have a way of toppling governments.  Ask the former Soviet Union.  Unless Trump caused the accident he had nothing to do with them making peace.
Oh please, stop with the MSM bullshit! Everyone knows he was instrumental in bringing this about..except liberals, dems and the far left who will continue to deny it regardless.
They publically promised denuclearisation, I doubt they actually will.
Potentially a very big move - need to see something concrete come of it, as N. Korea has history of promising things and not delivering, but clearly has potential to be very good news.
means withdrawal of US troops from South Korea. 70 years old repitition. I’m not happy, sick and tired.
They should rid the peninsula of American military.
Kick them out .
The calm before the storm
Trump!
You know N. Korea has always linked giving up it's nukes to the de-nuclearization of the whole peninsula and everything that entails. Russia and China supported that too and will now I assume. The only difference is the USA now being willing I guess to pack up shop in S. Korea.
Kayne's world now where love happens...@kaynewest
Without the US
This is Japanese young adult Ladies fashion,I guess!
I wonder what the msm is distracting us from??
Peace on earth
#NorthKorea #SouthKorea #KimJongUn
@BBC news please remind the UK that, this is how #BiafraGenocide began in 1960. So much killings by herders in Nigeria and #Ngpresident does nothing but blame Libya for the genocide. #help
Now waiting for western countries to start fighting over who deserves most praise.
Good to see both Korean leaders togather and hopefully this meet would bring some respite to troubled north koreans.
Peace on earth
Holy shit.
Glad the 3 Asian leaders are trying to resolve these issues and hope for more peace.
I suppose it's an appropriate time to plug this piece about K-pop's role in bringing the nations closer together
Next step USA (& Israel) & russia to get of Nuclear weaponw. IF only.
This is a huge step forward for world peace. I hope that Kim will stick to the agreement. His people have suffered poverty for years. Fantastic news. #KoreaSummit

Great news!
Hopefully he will stop being communist as well and treat his people better
If Korea can get rid of Nuclear weapons the so can @realDonaldTrump @theresa_may and Putin. No need for them anywhere on the planet
If only eh 
Positive thoughts everyone. !Be nice.
Why the hell are you not reporting this live on bbc news tv?? This is the most significant event to happen in decades and you’re showing Victoria Derbyshire??
It would be nice if the rest of the world actually followed through on nuclear disarmament having agreed to work on it 40 years ago
And the land mines
North + South Korea?  Much harder than unifying Vietnam or Ireland.  The North was more successful, so the Kim dynasty has dramatically failed - the South is proof of that.  Why would Kim want "his" people to learn more by letting them mix with the South?  Sounds risky to me!
Welcome North Korea to our World!
Good decision,but the hard part comes now.building trust.
Fund peaceful themselves without UN other countries should also do the some UN peace is crap
This whole situation feels like the moment before Michael kicks off in the restaurant in The Godfather.
Cautiously optimistic
Trump took 8 tweets. Obama tried for 8 years
Well if youre gunna blame Obama., you should also include Bush and Clinton for not succeeding to bring North n South Korea to a discussion platform.
Trump did an exceptional job then. Great point. 
Appears to be some good news for a change

Let's hope the #PRC (#China) and the #ROC (#Taiwan) can also hold more #InterChineseSummit
Peace and  love  are the most  strong affective weapons
Waiting for the tweets from the IDIOT I made this happen! and we will never hear the end of it. Trump stay in bed please
I can honestly imagine the Korean version of the Red Wedding
The Nobel Peace Prize goes to Kim Jong Un  #History
I smell bs.  
Kim- “yes let’s work together ”
Also Kim- “Lets get the South to rid themselves of any and all weapons. I’ll play along so they think we’re even when in fact I’ve got a secret stash to use against them when they are entirely defenceless ”...
Watching the two Koreas meet, maybe Trump now is irrelevant?
This is a truly amazing, beautiful moment for world peace and stability. Lust need to sort out the global plastic waste problem. Well done
That's just a by product of the radioactive fallout.
Happy Friday news emerging from #korea #peaceatlast
hail the lord trump.
Someone needs to check Kim's DNA I am beginning to think he died and was replaced by one of his body doubles
Halle-frickin-lujah  Let's hope they stick to it.
There is way more to this than we're being told. No dictator does a 180 without an agenda.
The video game home front comes to mind, peace talks held between the two countries. And they unite together to share military power. But then launch an EMP attack on America.
What's the catch?.....
the latest bid to end last cold war standoff.
It is the first time that a member of the Kim dynasty has set foot on the southern soil since the end of war in Korean peninsula in 1953 and
our living planet is alive we have a choice of lifestyle as symbiotic in preservation of all that supports life.Or parasitic like we have been polluting our environment supporting unsustainable industries instead of restoring earth back to naturally occurring...
https://twitter.com/thewizard613/status/989784595846623232?ref_src=twcamp%5Ecopy%7Ctwsrc%5Eandroid%7Ctwgr%5Ecopy%7Ctwcon%5E7090%7Ctwterm%5E3 …
Good news indeed
Making Earth Great Again!
#MEGA #Trump
Good news !
Kim and Moon hammered out a joint statement  that is short on  concrete steps and heavy on aspirational goals.

Looks like @realDonaldTrump has taken care of the #Rocketman issue. Kim is no threat anymore after the latest developments in Korea. How will @POTUS handle Recep? Can he manage to turn him too? Rockets…
Keep the weapons under international control so your nation will never be abused again.
Good to see some sense & steps towards peace. 
Those stupid threats to nuke each other by US & North Korea was scaring a lot of innocent people.

This is how films usually start. The bad guy pretending to be a good guy. Then once they’ve secured enough trust they reveal their secret plan...
That'll mean US nukes too, expect some sabotage from Trump when that penny drops
And?!!!!!
No attack, no victims, no chem weapons: #Douma witnesses speak at #OPCW briefing at The Hague (VIDEO) https://on.rt.com/9448 
Russki
Russian

Waste time
And they did it WITHOUT our baboon #DonaldTrump!
Leaders of two Koreas repeat the past vow to rid the Korean Peninsula of nuclear  weapons  but fail to provide specific measures.
am i the only one that doesnt trust NK's intentions here?
No
ditto.
نجحت أمريكا في امساك رئيس كوريا الشمالية الان ومحاكمتة واعدامه بايدي اخواتة #قريبا.
How about working to feed the starving and freeing the innocent men, women and children from the prison camps?
Trump can't decide to be angry about this or try to take all the credit and will probably call in and yell at some more people this morning.
Please even your friends of the Fake News Network are admitting its Trump.
Blimey, #Korea Huge triumph for #Trump in the making. Bedwetting #SJWs #Corbyn cult follower's won't know what to say & do.
What Trump thinking? Why he did not join the party.. 
Very Good News!


good work @realDonaldTrump
How and why does trump get credit for this? He's not even invited
