So sad  thoughts are with his family. RIP Liam 
Very sad news.
একটি স্বপ্ন চলচ্চিত্র
কিংবদন্তি ফিল্ম সোসাইটি
Sad news but once again alcohol and a night out near water ending in tragedy. #BeWaterAware Thoughts and sympathies with the family
Let's wait and find out what actually happened to him before jumping to any conclusions shall we

I’m terribly sorry to hear this. 
So sad. 
How sad :( RIP Liam 
If you insist on drinking irrresponsibly then inevitably shit like this happens.
Yes you. Think about what the family are going through. Could have happened to anybody, even members of our families.
Yours maybe. Not mine.
Lol. No not mine either actually but a little sympathy wouldn’t go amiss would it. ?
Nope sorry. Alcohol is one of the main contributors to society turning to shit so it would be hypocritical of me to agree wih anything to do with it.
Such sad news my condoleces especially to his bride to be.
He wasn't getting married
Will we be having a national day for him also? No? Wrong colour I guess...
So very sad, my deep condolences to the family
So sorry for family.
No..
Condolences to his family,may he RIP.
So sad. Thoughts are with his family.
So sad x
Sad end thoughts with the family
So sad all our thoughts are with his famil
Really sad that.
Sad this is the outcome,Liam organised the whole trip for his brother,I've followed and hoped he'd be found.
In a statement Lucie Blackman Trust said Liam's driving licence was found ion the body.
The body was recovered from river Elbe at 6.30 am this morning.
Very sad thoughts are with the family
Body of Liam Colgan ,the Scottish man ,who disappeared on brother's stag ,found in Hamburg river.He vanished on February 10 this year.
Very sad my thoughts are with his family
Could someone please explain to me why stag parties have to be RIDICULOUS?
Sad!! RIP young man
What a shame.  Sad news.
Very sad news but at least now they have closure. My thoughts are with his family
Remember the police don’t believe victims  anymore we have been informed only this week ? Imagine not  being believed about something like this . I’m not picking out this but all or any crimes committed ?
The headline says 'Missing man stag do man' - you may want to edit that... Very sad story, RIP.
How sad  thoughts are with his family x
So sad. Thoughts with his family.
Sad - but had a feeling of inevitability about it
Sad but at least they have closure
RIP Liam, i have followed your story from the beginning x
So sad! RIP YOUNG MAN XX
Always check the waterways first...
They did.
