“If it’s alright with you, Russia, I’d prefer not to have the help of a nation that administered a chemical weapon to me and my father, but thanks for the offer...”
So naive.
So learned.
Repeating state propaganda is hardly a learned accomplishment.
Highly likely learned accomplishment

MUST WATCH: Former head of British Armed Forces gets cut off by Sky when he goes off-script on Syria! 
Wow. What a farce ! Thanks.

They traced it to Russia, duh
They really didn't. Duh.
No, they traced a weapon designed by the Russians, that only the Russians had access to (which is extremely difficult to store without top facilities) and claimed they destroyed all the samples.  Small world.
Not exactly the first time either.  Considering the coming technologies the world needs to make clear NBC warfare is intolerable.
You know there's no evidence other than easily staged footage, right? (yes 'rebels' have staged footage before to generate outrage)
When you say staged you’re quoting a source. I’m afraid I am too, though I think my sources are more varied. Both media in USA and Europe. The consensus is that trump is very unfit for the job provided by Russia
Cambridge Analytica
gerrymandering
hacking 
and a minority of voters
Oh I most definitely agree about Trump - but that's not what this is about, or am I missing something? And as for making stuff up - you think that everything that has been published by other media sources countering the majority of the western media narrative is 'made up?'
What a load of shite.  You got nothing better to talk about
rejects help from the country that tried to kill her #soundssensible
People are free to believe whatever garbage their governments shove down their throats. Britain is nothing more than a veal society now. From British Steel (toughness) to British Veal in one generation.
#JusticeForAsifa India
Fake Nerve agent incident concocted by nefarious NGO’s.
Fuck you Russia! The world has had enough of your shit
Which world.......
Fuck Russia
Fuck Nato an Yankees
Everyone hates Russians. You'll get your comeuppance soon enough
Who is everyone......
Well, look at all the countries that are coming together because of you. So many expelled diplomats in a wave of unity. At least you're making lots of countries come together against Russia
Yap....NATO countries ...they were already together
That's what her minders say!
Skripals' Last Restaurant Order Not Released by UK, Niece Tells Russian TV: https://sputniknews.com/europe/201804051063227285-skripal-niece-interview-salisbury-incident/?utm_source=https://t.co/IcCFTRWYpo&utm_medium=short_url&utm_content=hjef&utm_campaign=URL_shortening … via @SputnikInt #FUGU FISH POISONING #BLOWFISH FOOD POISONING!!! #SKRIPALS
Hi,
  I am a WordPress Developer & Designer. Now i help you to fix / edit your Design .
  Font,color,menu,logo,sidebar,margin,position & other etc.
  so Contact with me & Order.
Lies pure lies
BBC you’re a disgrace. Stop war mongering. Who is protecting us from you & the government/regime in Britain. The government are taking everything we earn in this country tax’s  on everything. Taking money from our children when we die 
We need a change regime
You & the government are a bunch of thieves
I'm glad that they are recovering now the truth will come out about Russia and their evil ways
Russia doesn't know how to help any 'other' similar in Trump's stance 'America first' and Trump alone is making America first in lies, zeal, hate, chaos, injustice
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
As George Galloway stated last week about the official story of the Salisbury charade. " If you believe this lie... you are not a sheep....a sheep is clever than you ....you are an IDIOT.
DEBILS, "NOVICHOK" KILLS ALL AROUND, AND DIRECTLY !!
i just spit out my morning coffee1
Comarade Putin would have already launched phase2 Skripal missile.
DEBILS, "NOVICHIK" KILLS ALL AROUND, AND DIRECTLY !!
^^
Who cares all week s about them
I'd like to know who is paying for their medical care
I thought this stuff was SUPER deadly?  So nobody actually died; and nobody can prove where the poison came from.  BASICALLY you are telling me the world is on the brink of war over a dead guinea pig and a cat?
Today PM May starts Chapter 2 of the shambles she began month ago. Brexit now well hidden.
It's shame
Good on you Ms Skripal
Hi
When r involving spy...its always a mess...and one blame eachother...
In Russia men's fight not your weapons
Trump govt should take care its possible they will get slaughtered heads of forces in Afghanistan. We are same Muslims as we are in past for Russia. You have to know that miziles never fight drones never fight, guns never fight but mens behind them.
It would be crazy for Yulia Skripal to entrust herself to the Russia Gov given its record on individual rights towards its own citizens. It would be like a lamb entrusting itself to a wolf!
#GoBackModi

The chemtrail enthusiasts are out early I see.
"rejects Russian help "at the moment"".

Yes I bet she does.
It is clear that this is another fiction. Why do you think Yulia is hidden from ALL, not just Russians? Because it's a lie, from the beginning to the end.
When the tape of her conversation was broadcast, we were told by BBC it may not be authentic. But now her statement is accepted as hers no questions asked! So much for impartiality of BBC
Part of the script, which is utterly far fetched, ridiculous and so full of holes it can only have been dreamed up by a certain group.
Nice
I am reading a lot of accusations,but I am wondering what is the end game!
Could we expect wars without exploiters?
This constant eagerness for WW3 is getting out of hand BBC. Give it a rest you tory loving toffs #BBCbias
Lets have a war in America
In a statement issued through police, she said she was not yet strong enough to give a full media interview but "no-one speaks for me, or for my father". Double speak much? George Orwell is spinning in his grave.
No-one speaks for me - except the Police reading this statement. Plus any National Security elements advising those Police.

Just them. Apart from them. No-one speaks for Yulia Skripal.
Complete bull shit! If someone wanted the spy to be dead, he would be dead. WTF miracle recovery?! People, just wake up. Third World War is here!
The phrase you're looking for is, "Wake up sheeple!". Extra exclamation marks and capitals are optional.
Just suggest to russia they can name any ambassador representing any country currently in Great Britain to visit Yulia and confirm she is making the statements
How about the Police record a short 1 minute video that can be viewed by the public, Russian Embasg staff & independant behavioural analysts who can stake their jobs & professional reputations on the fact she isn't being coerced. It's not rocket science.
Not being funny -  but don't you find it somewhat ironic (to use  a Baldrick-ism) that UK police  are  speaking for Ms Skripal to  say that no one speaks  for her.   Still a case of habeas corpus  if you ask me.
I have a rule of never believing anything in “   “
Now it’s clear She is cook and finish and never will be free UK Goverment will place Her in real Cuckoo Nest Hospital , poor women
Is this woman ever going to speak for herself or always through some "police spokesman" ...... bet no-one is ever allowed to ask her any questions?!
For fans of complete fuckwittery ...
Who accept help from their suspected assailant?
All is living dead  (Schiele)
It could be: Flowers from cemetery, delivery in a suitcase, 8 times more dangerous substance than the most dangerous stuff. Tiny portion of it would kill instantly the whole Salisbury. But..  both of Skripal are ok, great news! Had it been Novichok after all?
No stop at a Russian Tea House on the way home!
This is nonsense - that Yulia is somehow being kept against her will - and the BBC or any other respectable news service shouldn’t repeat such crap from the Putin regime. You can tell when a Russian is lying because they’re moving their lips...
We know help was refused by British intelligence

General Flynn: It was a decision to fund ISIS to topple Assad
http://www.trevorloudon.com/2015/08/former-dia-director-michael-flynn-it-was-a-decision-to-fund-arm-isis/ …
If she can speak why are they stopping her from speaking for herself?
There's an easy way to discover of she's frightened or being held hostage. Let her tell her story on TV, live!
Of all the poisons in all the world the silly sods used their own ... oh hang on a minute 
‘No one speaks for me’ says Metropolitan Police…
Have you ever heard a RUSSIAN speak the english language? That statement cannot by any stretch of the imagination have been written by Yulia, she can write english but not this kind of ambassadorial type.
Hi

The Academic Free Video Lectures Guide helps you in saving your time in searching for a course, the demonstration video is available on YouTube at:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvJHQBX9rYc …

The application is available on google play at:  

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.cordova.video001&hl=en …


Tarzan Boy's 1-2 Piano Remix Version (BMW E46 Audio tune FR-USA PUNCH REAR DD12 Sub woofer zapco z-150.4 amp Bluetooth Android Navi & Galaxy Note 8 music) 
Yes. They've "helped" her quite enough for now
Who’s “they”?

Tarzan Boy's 1-2 Piano Remix Version (BMW E46 Audio tune FR-USA PUNCH REAR DD12 Sub woofer zapco z-150.4 amp Bluetooth Android Navi & Galaxy Note 8 music) 
Amazing how many comments here seem to know the British Government poisoned these 2 in some shadow conspiracy. Russia said: we didn't do it, internet fetches tinfoil hat. I'm sure those same people think Russia are telling the truth when defending Assad from his latest war crime.
It's strange Assad is now public enemy #1 when just a few years ago his English wife and him were having tea with the PM in #10! Although he didn't buy the weapons systems being sold! 
Politics is a funny old game. One minute you're cosying up for the best priced arms deal the next you're opressing your people. Just because he's met the PM doesn't stop him from doing those things.
Yeah, the minority govt. PM has just said she won't go to parliament in her quest for a Maggie moment! If democracy doesn't apply in Westminster any longer, why should should it apply anywhere else?
Skripal stressed that specially trained officers were assigned to her, who take care of her and explain the investigative activities.
In other news, scientists find “water is wet”…
It would be good to hear her say that in person. A video statement not possible?
Any chance we, license payers, could see a clip where she says this or are you continuing to peddle Tory politics?
thanks, no matter what you think about the whole story, replies like this make me think this world still deserves to exist :)
poor girl trouble just beginning
I think I would be refusing help in any shape or form from Russia if I were her too!
I don't blame her 
did she say that or UK Gov say that 4 her? any how who can trust an organisation that is just a propoganda machine of the Gov.
Even it is clear to the idiot that nobody poisoned them. Next intimidation of own citizens. England turns into communists
Russia: Cup of tea?          Yulia: Nahhh, you’re alright

The Russian have form, read the history book since Putin came to power. Every  politician, banker getting in the way of his friends or journalists who have uncovered the truth have been shot or poised, & you want proof
will she be doing any interviews or holding a press conference?
Why should she?
A long drama....leading up......to.... ......the SURPRISE!!
' How can I ask my killer doctor again to treat me for a cure ? '
Bet she speaks through a national paper for a price
<<In a statement issued through police...>> 
That is surely convincing. ;)
She´s a Russian national. 
What if it would be a British national in Russia?
Would the UK be satisfied?
Would be like Jerry accepting help from Tom.
OH YEAH - LET HER STATE THAT ON TV HERSELF - YOU LYING CU*NTS
Tick tock Pedo Elites
Yeah, they might ask you for a blood sample.
Seriously
I would hope she rejects it...
One can only guess what sort of "help" she'd get in Russia.  Someone already failed in trying to kill her and her father, chances are they wouldn't fail again.
Right? I don't blame her/them one bit.
“At the moment” uh, how about NEVER 
I wonder if they will ever be the same as they were before the novichok poisoning.
Yeah course she does. #FakeNews
This does not sound like the words of a free person. After all what she has been saying / doing is exactly what we would do in such a captive situation. #AfricanWatchman #Russia #China @KremlinRussia_E @10DowningStreet @PutinRF_Eng @theresa_may @jeremycorbyn

They sent her this
Russian help? Or coup de grace? Once bitten 'always' shy!
If the public does not hear Yulia Skripal, then someone spoke for her despite the statement above that no one speaks for her
Liars. What more is there to say?
Think it through she has survived an attack that all experts say was lethal .now she is being secured by uk intelligence services.Her father a double agent ! Proceed with caution .
I suspect the word 'think' is optimistic' if you are aiming your statement at the section of the community who believe everything the UK govt. and mouthpieces in the press tell them.
British government with police have move yulia to a secret location, she cannot have access to relations. In other words she is a captive of british government, she is a Russian citizen not British, she came here to see her dad. We should not hold foreign citizens.
It's clear they were given food poisoning to create this incident by the MI6 in cohoots with the CIA who are now going to rehouse them with new identity in the US?
Didn't she say this a couple of days ago? Or am I clairvoyant?
Wish you'd stop repeating as #BreakingNews just to increase your views.
Wonder why she’s not saying this on camera? After all she has recovered.
Congratulations! Stay well and brave and inspired
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Is this really Breaking News?
She is best being looked after by genuine NHS medical staff, until she feels strong enough to make other plans.
Her choice or our Governments choice?
Did Yuliya #Skripal, in circumstances where she was free to leave her "secure location", make this statement, or her handlers, who secretly took her there?

Since BBC left this critical point ambiguous and is a propaganda organ, I presume the latter.

@RussianEmbassy
Actually genius, she’s safe now. Why give position when they tried killing her?
So, a closed-minded Brit who can't imagine UK gov't, the prime suspect, is (a) her attacker, or (b) trying to "debrief" (brainwash) her prior to release (if they release her at all, or claim "witness protection"), to cover up their lies.

Very easy to settle w/ public appearance.
Ironically, your profile claims you "like open minded", "out of the box" thinking. But for some reason possibility that warmongering UK, which has murdered countless millions of "foreigners" in its Empire years, would murder a Russian, is impossible. How's your box?
#Putin must be calculating his next move
#SkripalPoisoning
'The stone the builder refused...'

Am scared for her...
U rest in SHITHOLE!
help to die correctly???
She’s had  enough help from Russia thanks
This is total BS, When have we heard her speak?As far as we know she is being kept prisoner by #MI6
Kremlin bot
REALLY? REALLY? I HAD TO DELETE MY ORIGINAL TWITTER ACCOUNT BECAUSE OF TROLLS LIKE YOU. GOOGLE YOU FOOL.
Of course you did! You might want to Google ‘the meaning of troll’ and also ‘how to remove my caps lock’?
Fuck off.

I have to ask. Was she a bit thick to begin with?

It looks like the spooks are going to have to explictly tell her that there is no truth to the claim that Russia was involved in the poisoning.
She may have had a bit of nerve/brain damage? Think about it.
It's possible, But it's possible she was just a bit slow on the uptake to begin with.

Most of Britain's MP's & journalists haven't worked it out yet. And they don't have brain damage.

Or at least none which has been formally diagnosed.
She said - Oh no, pls just no Russian right after wake up from coma? :)
Kremlin bot
Does anyone believe the words of this Russian lady? I do not
Kremlin bot
Janczek, piss off with your bot bullshit
Thought all the pro Putin nuts said she was held captive !
I think she's had more than enough Russian help for one lifetime.
The state broadcaster banking Foreign Office moolah focuses editorial minds.
Best avoid mi5 too. Probably too late.
*food poisoned*
Help ? No thanks she is in a good place right now !
What were they offering help for?
No-one speaks for me, except @BBCNews.

Russia, three weeks before alleged Syrian gas attack: Syrian rebels are planning to stage a chemical attack  

https://twitter.com/mod_russia/status/973535840646434816 …


The British government rejects it on her behalf you mean, while they think of a way out of this absolute mess they've created.
Are you suggesting the statement isn't hers?
Can you prove it is?
Can you prove it isn’t?
It's on the BBC. They'd never compromise their independence 
Skripal stressed that specially trained officers were assigned to her,  who take care of her and explain the investigative activities.
She's had a nice payment from the Tories !
Who are you?
Told you once, if it's child maintenance you're after I ain't your daddy.
You are fake
Stop been deluded now.
Your account is just ridiculous
Only to you, bye now.
Russian "help" aka more nerve agent for you since we didn't get you the first time.
