Military action against Syria is "legally questionable" & makes real accountability for war crimes less likely, Labour leader @jeremycorbyn says http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/live/world-middle-east-43710303 … #SyriaStrikes
Theresa May OUT !
I will fix your wordpress website any kind of issues. and build your personal & business website
He was right and Iraq and Salisbury and he'll probably end up being right about this too...
Right about Salisbury how?
No proven link to Russia.
Except there is or you know 70 odd diplomats wouldn't have been expelled
What is it then?
Then when is somebody going to arrest @theresa_may? She a war criminal! 
Failing NHS & social care, police cuts & crime soaring, record homelessness, children starving at school, infrastructure chronically underfunded with potholes in every road. How about Gov addresses these first before spending millions warmongering in the middle east?
What evidence will there be left for investigating the Chemical attack if everything has been blown to smithereens? Isn't this whole thing just totally illogical if you wanted to investigate and prove it was them?
This is all about control in the middle east. We were happy to let the Russians be involved with Syria. If we never trusted Russia why did we let them be involved? Isn't this as much about our extremely poor decision making on our foreign policy?
Yet again the Kremlin’s useful idiot muddies the waters. Had Corbyn been prime minister the use of chemical weapons would have been legitamised & their indiscriminate use by more rogue elements in the world would have later taken place. This was the right proportionate response.
You seem to be misinformed. UK has been planning the chemical attack for years
Go back to taking selfies of yourself this is a much more valuable contribution to the world than this ridiculous tweet...
It is ridiculous only by YOUR standards. I guess the rest of the shouldn’t bat an eye when innocent women and kids die because they atr not British or American nationales.. they are dispensable right dim wit? Jog on ...
Your tweet & reasoning are as nonsensical as your ‘liking’ of your own tweet. Al-Assad is a war criminal, Putin is his accomplice. Your tweet is a distraction. Innocent children are being murdered in Yemen also by our arms sales, do we condemn the users(Saudi) or the sellers?
Explosives can be made from fertilizers, should we ban all world exports? Should we make moral judgements as to how our exports should be used? Arms sales to Saudi are wrong and once the genocide was obvious they should have been stopped.
There is no smoke without a fire. This is a proxy war. This is not about Syria killing its own people as May have clearly said. This is clearly the NATO trying to gain more control over their anti-allies.
I can agree with you is that Russia has entered the void left by the departure of the USA. Again you let your bias cloud your tweet. A proxy war is being fought by several parties Israel v Iran, The world v Isis, Turkey v the Kurds That is why the final solution is difficult
Trust Jeremy Corbyn to pipe up. Does he not recall an entire war his party led us to... the civilian casualties the loss of military personnel over fictitious weapons in Iraq that’s a war crime. Not a joint exercise on a chemical weapons plant  a strike not a full on war.
He voted against Iraq tho, as did much of the SC.
If I strongly opposed something my party stood for I would rebel and stand independently. He’s clearly not that passionate about it
... He voted against his party in 2003... as did much of the shadow cabinet. His position is an old Bennite one of non-itervention, which was around long before Blair's Labour... so do please stop talking tosh
He’s a Red, what else would he say! Making political hat out of people’s misery and deaths is typical of comrade Corbin.
Lies all based on lies for Europeans and the Weedt your lives are based on lies stop manipulating your sheepish country men
The simple analogy is, If you see a helpless being being victimised by heavily equipped being; Should one just step aside and look? Remember "necessity knows no Law!"
Don’t kill innocent people don’t make Cold War to real heat war
Who cares what he says - he's a pacifist & in typical politician talk, will decry anything the government in power does whether they are right or wrong. He forgets (conveniently) what is own party members have done in the past.
Just they like  to  revive. T heir  colonial  history in the  region
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/985191394385055748 …             ............
For systematic violations and disregard of the UN Charter,the USA should be automatically excluded from its membership.The USA without the authority of the UN has long terrorized and bombed many countries,forci…
Varnam - when you standing for parliament? 
 very soon mate the movement will begin
You will not need anyone else to write your speeches pal 
No mate il write all my own stuff u aint gotta worry bout that i got more chance than that senile old prick corbyn anyway 
We're all doomed, it's either more problems on British people by Tories or Jeremy corbyn wanting evidence or proof. Looks like a lot of people like Tories so would bend over for them. Corbyn is right to ask for proof, the law requires evidence ofa crime so why doubt corbyn.
Corbyn full off shit he would let Puntin walk all over us , and yes I strongly belive Salisbury was down to him he wants to rule the world. How can he sit back and watch children gasping for breath , how can anyone sit back and watch and do nothing is beyond me. I'm with May
In liberal eyes it’s ok 2 circumvent/ignore laws when it comes 2 refugees/immigrants 4 humanitarian purposes as long as it suits their agenda but r 1st 2 question legalities of this humanitarian action #LiberalHypocrisy
No its not.  If the Cabinet are in agreement then its llega.  Corbyns consent is not required
Most importantly, no military might like that of US and France can be justified for undoing the evil forces in Syria. There can't be any precision in genocide except larger violation of life  in the name of biased view of what is good for a people.
Shock and awe all over again. Remember march, 2003 Iraq? BBC journalists were complicit by not reporting and to follow the gouvernement script! How about now?
Corbyn is such an idiot. He cannot support his own country with anything it seems. God help us if he ever gained power.
Pah. Corbyn is a modern day Neville Chamberlain. Given his own way, he'd debate endlessly, while hundreds more continued to die at Assad's hands.

As for "legally questionable", the action had the blessing of the UN. Don't know how much more backing you want.
#JusticeForAsifa India
Is #TheresaMay a warmonger or the victim of the System?
Absolutely spot on again Jeremy. You know you could become one of the greatest Real Labour leaders of all time. If only the world had more men with your vision it would be a greater place for everyone and not the few.
None being the gendarme of the world, I'd like the UK, her PM to explicitly prove their rights to attack a sovereign country please!
I agree. These new western Leaders just want show the world that they have the muscle to bully anyone. They should try that with North Korea.
Comrade @jeremycorbyn and his politburo should bow out of British politics.
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/985105107535695872 …    ........
Why does no organization or country appeal to the international court of justice at the Hague for war crimes by the US, Britain,and France,which constantly terrorize the world,bombing sovereign countries that do not…
ISIS air force attacks Syria.
Has everyone forgotten the lesson of Libya?
I’m so sick of this “man”. You’re a puppet at best and utterly clueless in the ways of reality. Idealism will only get you so far. Unfit to lead is an understatement.
Your response is bloody ridiculous. God help us if you become PM. Your party voted down the commons vote last time this happened and we have arrived here! Talk talk talk, yes. But that has been done for 7 years with #noprogress 
#corbinsworld #godhelpus #jcnot4pm #chemicalattack
Why doesn’t @jeremycorbyn just shut up. His policy: well we don’t know people were gassed and what we do know is that our UK government datages it as my great friend the President russe has proven. We should have gone to court to discuss action after in 2025

Corbyn wouldn't order military action if they'd said yes it was us that did it. Passifist Looney leftie.
Can UN human rights commission investigate the bombing?
It was a most petite attack
Pi$$ of Jeremy! Sitting on your hands does not make for leadership! Please explain why your Russian mates were swarmed all over the chemical bomb site!? #Syria #Russia #May
Corbyn is similar to Chamberlin. An unrealistic belief that talking is the best way. Meanwhile someone is pissing down your leg but assuring you it's rain! It maybe against the law to slap someone, but occasionally it's the best way to stop others being harmed. End of.......
My ears are starting to bleed with the guff coming from spineless insignificant Corbyn! Would he like to bet all his wealth that it will happen? Naw!! More chance of me winning the Euro millions. Just likes the sound of his own voice.
Look at the summary. The UK is barely mentioned in only one of the 5 points. Does it bother the citizens in the UK that your BBC has a fixation on Trump bashing at the expense of your own accomplishments. Glad to see bad journalisn isn’t just American.
Of course steptoe would say that. Can’t have us causing issues with his Russian overlords.
Three leaders,one likely to be impeached in the short term for 'definite crimes'.
One about to get beaten soundly in local elections in the UK.
And one who is losing his privatisation battle with the unions in France.
The answer bomb Syria.
What do you mean he says that? It is legally questionable
Fudge and misdirection from Corbyn.
So @jeremycorbyn would prefer to do nothing when chemical weapons are used on civilians? Stop thinking about your career for a second and sort your moral compass out man!
Since when has Comrade Corbyn ever spoken any sense!
Russia can make false threats all they want, but America, France and the UK did the right thing, why is Russia even defending such evil acts being committed on innocent men, women and CHILDREN, what Syria and Russia are doing is very wrong and needs to stop#PrayForSyria
Lol
Using chemical weapons is legally questionable and destroying facilities is the right thing to do for humanity. Go have a cup of tea with Putin Jeremy and talk about his homophonic regime
Comrade Corbynov doesn’t want to upset his master Comrade Putin.
Hiya Jeremy

HYPOCRISY ON HYPOCRISY
Ask warmonger Blair if he asked before the attacks he did
Red Corbyn  speaking TREASON
Chemical attacks in Britain, he backs Russia
World War 3 then. Great. We should just stay out of overseas conflict
The supermarkets will be out of bread and milk now
I make my own bread! Don’t start scaremongering for heaven’s sake, but I know where you’re coming from
Democracy?? 
Blame Chilcott  

Did anyone pay price for: 
Lying about WMD in Iraq 
Lying to Parliament 
Presenting fake dossier 
Accepting Blair's half hearted apology   

Dead people thousands of miles away paid price
You're presenter Naga Munchetty she loves to beat that war drum,Absolutely pathetic. Show us the proof of cw attack before attacking
Go bbc don’t let him get away with that you can’t normally wait to take any one to task who disagrees with the dictatorship of TM and the bbc
If this twinkle ever gets in this Country will lose all its backbone and will not stand up and be counted. I just wonder what would happen if his own family came under chemical attack
Don’t mistake his comments as lack of backbone, that’s not what it’s about. It is deep rooted hatred of our country and it’s history. He will side with anyone - Irish terrorists, despotic dictators & mid-east terrorists if he feels it makes our country weaker.
Ya ya ya ya ya ya look how good our mates in the conservative government are we can now shout and sing and dance from the rooftops
Daymn, never thought I’d agree with @jeremycorbyn …
Bravo Sierra
Should answer the main questions  1 was Assad using CW in Syria since long time back? 2 why rebels groups promoted in a peaceful country?3 who are lunatics of the two situations and punished?
War, what is it good for....
You either accept or believe and trust the information given by our allied partners or you doubt, question and criticise every govt action and so serve to garner and bolster support of states that mean to harm our way of life.
Its about time #Corbyn shut up for 5 minutes. Lets hope one day its never our children that suffer like they have in #Syria
@jeremycorbyn is so out of touch. Still not caught up with the times. I suppose that's what makes him old school. But we don't live in the 1970's. Nope try 2018 instead. Nice try Jeremy. But your comments don't count.
She reminds me of something .........
Just go do one corbyn
i thank god this russian loving cnd hippie is not the leader of this country he has no courage to stand up against agressive nations but constantly wants to find diplomatic ways . the middle east would love this pansy to be our leader yet another reason not to vote for him
There was nothing stopping Mrs May to speak to parliament but she chose not to. Mockery of democracy by current cabinet. This must be challenged legally.
Think you’ll find she has the legal  autnority as leader of the country
Corbyn moaning again...... 
Don't know why anyone takes notice of clueless Corbyn.
Jeremy Corbyn is questionable for being stuck in russian ass as well.
Thank God he's not the PM. He's not fit to run the Labour party let alone the country. Corbyn please just step down!
Killing women and children with poison chemical bombs is possibly more legally quetionable

So using chemical weapons is not a war crime Mr Corbyn??? How would you intend to punish Syria?
Chemical attack was done by UK. Clear attempt to derail the public once again
Giving someone the bullets to a gun dues not mean they have to fire it. However that revelation is not good that I must confess.
so if bombing people means we are somehow helping them, what else are we going to be doing?
Not bombing people - chemical weapons establishments
Didn’t know JC had a practicing certificate from the SRA.  Hope he’s reflecting on his learning and development needs.
Amazing, I actually agree with Jeremy Corbyn on something!
oh and it's laura kuenssberg and then the times first off the mark at Downing street PC. no favouritism there then #NotinmynameTheresaMay
Bollocks. If so outraged how come nothing has been done these past 7 or so years. Oh wait its elections coming up in a couple of weeks lets show how great thou art by sending in FOUR planes as Donnies lapdog.
#pathetic #ToryLies #Syriastrikes
U am not in favor of Bashar ul Asad but I am also not in favor of any action taken by any powerful without UNSC approval and authority. Therefore, involved in this action must be brought in to justice
It's perfectly legal to launch highly explosive missles in a foreign country? What happens when innocent people are killed? Is it still perfectly legal then?
There is only TWO terrorists organisation in the world: UK and US.
Think you’re missing a fair few terrorist orgs there fella
Other terrorists you know was founded, support and training by a TWO terrorists I mentioned before.
Be that as it may, you’ve literally just told me there’s more terrorists than uk/us - not that I agree with the original statement at all
UK should thank God that Theresa May is Prime Minister, just as the majority of the USA thanks God for President Trump.
Is Corby pro-british or a mole for the Russians? For once support what is correct action. Don't oppose the government just for the sake of it.
Having said that footage of victims of chemical attack looked suspect and tit for tat isn't going to solve the problem but escalate the violence.
Oh tell Corbyn to go and **** himself!!

Cutless person that he is.
Not gutless. It’s more insidious than that. Actively trying to undermine the country
THE ONLY C/W SITES IN SYRIA, ARE THOSE BEING PRODUCED BY THE TERRORIST ORGANISATIONS, LIKE THE WHITE HELMETS !!!.
Game changer #Israel behind, all about #Brexit and  #Brexitflu #syriaconflict
Useage of forbidden weapons of war are eligable for intervention by the international community.
Is Jeremy Corbyn so stupid when the  British Government is saying - Children dying because of”suspected” Chemical weapons in Syria must be dealt with - but Children dying in The Yemen can be ignored because we sell the weapons to kill them?????
Are we so pure and Squeaky clean?
This guy is embarrassing to all liberal democracies. I recommend that he seek mental health services. His statements have moved beyond inaccuracy and into incoherence.
The BBC doesn't want you to hear from a reporter who has actually spent months in Syria.
Testimony fm civilians & Syrian officials in #Zamalka #EasternGhouta - #WhiteHelmets & terrorist factions staged false flag events & "kidnapped, drugged" children to use as props in events, kids were buried w/out parents present. UK FCO is accountable. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87SNuJU2cl4 …
Should take a look at his predecessors.
Jeremy Corbyn states that last nights attacks were legally questionable.. well so is he.
He would say that.
Show some leadership JC.  I fear we would be a lot more vulnerable under your leadership

Lider labour pro Rosja?
Accountability to war crimes ! You wouldn’t of been able to prove anything anyway they already had their troops and Russian troops on the ground so if they wanted,any evidence would be tampered with,your proof highly questionable and highly unlikely.

We all know many countries that struggle but it’s always the old colonies that need the most saving? Same countries back then same countries now. Most of the dictators worked for them once and now they are Evil. You would rather be a poor country with no resources or be saved
It needed to be done and good on everyone who joined together with the strikes and trying to make the world a better and safe place !!! corbyn keep your nose out you're a rat making trouble
May is possibly guilty of war crimes
In the last election the message was “vote labour get Corbyn” in the next it’s “vote Corbyn get Putin”
When will this idiot just quit ?
The Russians accused Britain of causing the chemical attack yesterday ! Just let that sink in
There is no profit in peace friend
@jeremycorbyn is wrong again.
Strikes questionable But gassing children is fine.
Especially when it's done to distract from Trump and May's domestic woes, at a million pounds per missile !
At what cost have they forgotten about Iraq no good can come from this #stormshadowmissiles
Nevermind the bollocks !
Assads warcrime charge are not an issue
His days shall be numberd
666
CORBYN a spineless coward who obviously thinks the use of chemical weapons is acceptable
Corbyn is the reason I would never vote Labour again so we drop a view bombs so what polotics has and will always be about self interest and power never ever about morals people need to grow up
I’m so fed up with all of this “polotics”
God help us all if that plonker ever leads our country.
When will the people wake up to the fact that Corbin is more dangerous than any weapon, Russian puppet
when you stop reading the @DailyMailUK or @TheSun
Don't need to read shitty newspapers to realise he is a puppet.

Maybe the Military should start putting adverts in papers ‘guns for hire’ with a price list attached depending on what is required and how much you are willing to pay. So, the next time someone links the military with patriotism remind us to choke...
intercepted 71(!!!!) of 103    ,France did not strike,  no one died
Be interesting to see what @jeremycorbyn would have done. I don’t think he was very strong in his response to the use of chemical weapons in the U.K. irrespective of who may have been responsible. No doubt it would involve the ineffective @UN
Russia just announces that in response it might arm Syria with S 400 airdefense what would put Israel in a much worse situation.
That is what you get with the reckless and irresponisble acting of Trump, May and @EmmanuelMacron. Congratulations.
So the world will just let Syria get away with gassing its own people then,  shall we? #donothing #sitonthefence
FOC.
The sickening lies and propaganda being vomited by the BBC are simply beyond the pail.
I wonder when will the west stop fake chemicals allegations, destroying countries in Middle East and supporting terrorists?
Transparency & accountability by narcissist Politicians on this Planet or in this life I am yet to be of witness. But I can assure everyone that the every day person is highly accountable for their actions.
As human beings, we all have a responsibility to protect vulnerable lives, no matter what country they’re in.
Britain and France - puppies being taken for a walk. Making America Greater again!
Why doesn't Corbyn just piss off!?
Couldn’t have put it better myself! Oh yes F**k off Corbyn!
Corbyn and the Hard Left are part of the same Marxist opposition.
kill all innocent people of Syria in the name of terrorism. This shit world people life has no value
God will take action now.
He speaks his mind. That commands respect , right or wrong.
Corbyn why don’t you just defect to Russia and sit at the right hand of your real leader?
You realise the Tory party is awash with money from Russian oligarchs, if anyone's masters is Russia it's the Tories...
It is highly unlikely that any chemical weapons stores or factories are in Damascus, a friend in the city stated missiles were picked out of the sky and very unsuccessful. Surgical strikes from a distance are a very poor way to win an argument. The PM has become Trump's bitch!
Its dropping bombs on things. Of course its "legally questionable".
Id like to see May, Trump and Macron stand trial in the Hague for war crimes, but we all know they wont. This is the world we live in unfortunately.
You’re selfish human being. Go to Syria and tell those throngs of children and their parents who have been burnt inside & out that you don’t care about them or protecting them.
Im sick of fighting for lies. The problem with Syria is you dont know who your fighting. Id suggest loading 500000 civilians onto AC carriers and bring them to US. But our president is a racist and hates immigrants. 
Dont worry, Ive seen plenty dead women and children. I know.
Nothing but respect for my prime minister
Your PM is a clueless puppet with Trumps hand up her skirt
Well at least she enjoys it
I’m sure the government are feeling happy about themselves. Fire off a few token missiles and pretend all is now well. Meanwhile back in the real world there are still millions suffering in Syria and wider regions. Where is the humanitarian strategy?
Stop the War there then.

Corbyn hiding in his bunker or in moscow?...
The first sensible thing racist @JeremyCorbyn has ever said.
Jeremy Corbyn proving again he will back anyone but the UK.
Corbyn had to be poked with a pitchfork to condemn the ira and Russia
You tell them Mr Chamberlain!
Rubbish. We should have launched more comprehensive attacks. This was gesture politics and so disappointed we didn't do more. Paul in Oxford.
Jeremy Corbyn said something? I thought i detected a emanation of human methane in the wind.
Love it!! But sorry to disappoint you that was Diane Abbott after a disastrous night on the curry!!
Corbyns right again
No one cares one iota what he thinks, says or does.
Hmm, bit of a sweeping inaccuracy there
Corbyn is a Kremlin stooge. Duh...
He is a disgrace, get him out of parliament

Now the fall out #SyriaStrikes
@realDonaldTrump @theresa_may @EmmanuelMacron we are still asking you all for evidence, because we know politicians will do anything to make them look strong in public just to stay in power we have see it before, E.e. Iraq and Libya Lies with no Evidence just as this one. #Syria.
Macron said he has proof - he will be shown to be a liar when nothing is revealed

معنى الحياة 1/3 THE MEANING OF LIFE 

To the politicians, talking heads & armchair generals calling for intervention in Syria... Slow the fuck down!!! 

"Those who cannot remember the past are condemn…
