reckon i would be better.
I know nothing about you, and yet am minded to immediately agree.
cheers ive got a level 2 btec in mechanics so basically over qualified.
Can I up you with my NVQ 2 & 3 in childcare??
I have a Scotvec module in Typing from 1991. I think the job is mine.
Yep, the jobs yours unless anyone has a CSE in anything at all 
Superb! As a result of my qualification, I can use both manual and electric typewriters to type the memos that I will then deny all knowledge of. Pass the paper tippex
COUNTRYS GOIN DOWN THE PAN
Who would you have gone with Baz?
id give it @KeithJonno55. not some random bloke from local takeaway
What qualifications does he have Baz?
full time patriot for over 40 years. brexit voter and half an apprentiship in bricklayin
Nice one baz. We could use that bricklayin skills to brick up the tunnel.
good thinkin
Good solid English name
Cos Amber Rudd English name done her job so well
Instead of judging Javid by his name and race, why don’t you judge him on his voting record? He wouldn’t have been given this position if he wasn’t capable.
Well this is promising...
That’s my point. Judge him on this. I’m not a Conservative or a fan of him by the way.
I started hating myself being brown after reading all this criticism on him. Thanks dear 
I'm sure Sajid Javid will make it a priority to get rid of the 1 million illegal immigrants in the UK...

This is complete tokenism. Javid was not on the path to Home Office and May has appointed him in a purely symbolic move. Hopefully now he’s here, he will work to curb the hostile environment which has targeted British citizens
I can see where you’re coming from; I’m not sure there were any other alternative candidates for the post though.
They’ve failed at optics over the entire handling of the scandal and I think this is just another ill fated PR attempt. It’s true that not many options were there but if this scandal had not been related to race, I very much doubt we’d see him in this position.

Lovely the man that refused cash for sprinklers after Grenfell and sat on millions instead of building much needed housing. I'm sure he'll be a splendid Home Secretary  #WindRush #Grenfell #ToryLies #ToryShambles #Toriesout2018
What is that strange noise? Oh, it the scraping of the bottom of the barrel.
Oh ffs
Congratulations to him and wish him all the best
Yes, I imagine you do.
Bot yourself.
Now an immigrant controls the immigration
He was born in Rochdale. I don't think Lancastrians count as immigrants in the UK (yet)
 It is time for the PM to resign herself
jesus.. out of the frying pan..and in with the devil.
here comes more muzzers then i take it. countrys in a shambles
OMG, can we have Amber Rudd back please?
One clown gone another coming in .
Did the cleaner turn down the job then?
Not many rats to choose from on this sinking ship I suppose.
Heaven help us all..
Party first. #HoldThemtoAccount #PeoplesVote #STOPBrexit
WATCH: new Home Secretary @sajidjavid in 2016 on how Brexit will hit small businesses hard. Please RT so everybody knows: 
Always
Didn't know much about new Home Secretary Sajid Javid...checked his bio & voting record... I'm not at all hopeful

A former MD at Deutsche Bank

“Here in Britain we will not merely mark the centenary, we will celebrate it with pride"
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/nov/01/arthur-balfour-declaration-100-years-of-suffering-britain-palestine-israel …
Well leopards don’t generally change their spots These seem to be the qualifications that #theresaMay is looking for
We need @theresa_may to go now, sheis no good for Brexit!! Come on @Jacob_Rees_Mogg everyone needs you
Good choice. The man believes that a woman can't abort, even if she has fallen pregnant from rape. You guys want to drag us further back into the 12th century? I suppose if he is HS, the child won't be legal in this country 
He’s stated many times that If he were to get into power he wouldn’t change the abortion or lgbt laws. But don’t let facts get in the way of your argument.
Yeah... because the Tories are such honest people. Who knew  But don't worry. If you say "gullible" slowly... it sounds like "oranges"
Yeah so is the Eu...not
here... have a tissue, I think you need it.
A tissue? I’m fine pal. Seems like you lot might need some tissues though
Sometimes, you just have to play the role of a fool to fool the fool who thinks they are fooling you. You take care now, Joseph.
Sat here waiting for the vote of no confidence in the PM to be announced. @Jacob_Rees_Mogg must be rubbing his hands with glee. Writing his acceptance speech as PM already. Maybe we might get a better Brexit deal now. Voice of the people not ignored any more. #PMQswillbeliveiy
Oh for fucks sake
Will give him two months. #Mayhem
Good move by the Tories. They can use this to claim they’re all for ethnic minorities so can’t possibly be a racist party.
Some shuffling around isn’t going to make up for this mess. Theresa May out
‘Sajid’, terrible start to the week for the gammons
Mmm. The man apparently sorting out the aftermath of Grenfell. That’s going so well.
He's actually an extremely intelligent man with the ability and knowledge to "in theory" do a good job. But based on his credentials and history he would be much more suited to CoftheE not HS.
He's a darling of the onshore oil and gas industry WAKE UP ENGLAND! #SajidJavid #HomeSecretary
It seems you don't like a good fracking once in a while.
That reminds me, I need to buy eggs.
"The 48-year old, who previously served as business and culture secretaries, led the government's response to last year's Grenfell Tower fire disaster" ......well qualified then 
Bring in the cone heads 
@sajidjavid  Welcome to the poisoned chalice club. So #May has passed it on to you. I personally would have checked what was in it before I accepted it.
On the up side,  Sajid has a perfectly eggy head
BREAKING NEWS: Man given a job.
Think I'll cash in my pension sell my house and move abroad. I hear the houses are cheap and nice weather in Iraq.
Right man for the Job or more PC bullshit
He did do something. He always seemed to show up for photo opportunities in his constituency. 
At this point I'd rather have Hannibal Lector as home secretary
*lecter
Like all the weddings I’ve attended (excluding my own)....I give it 7 months
Nicely clarified there Mr B 
Are they trying to match the stupidity of Labour counterpart @HackneyAbbott
Not possible.
This is going to confuse Lammy and Abbott.
It doesn't take much.
ALL MY LIFE  I HAVE BEEN CONSERVATIVE, THE NEW HOME SECRETARY FORCES ME TO VOTE LABOUR. HE IS A TOTAL WASTE OF SPACE.

SAD DAY
I thought Ray Wilkins died?
@Congratulations, SAJID JAVID SAHEB, ON YOUR APPOINTMENT AS UK NEW HOME SECRETARY! ALL THE BEST WISHES AND GOOD LUCK! MAY ALMIGHTY ALLAH BLESS YOU WITH MORE THAN REQUIRED APTITUDE, BRILLIANT ADMINISTRATIVE SKILLS AND AN INTENT TO DO JUSTICE TO ALL AND SUNDRY IN UK! INSHALLAH!
Unlucky. So what has he done to upset Theresa?
From bad to worse... I really am starting to think that @theresa_may is not so much a bloody difficult woman as a bloody out of touch one!  @CraigMurrayOrg
@kamilashamsie prophetic?
there’s a bright future for us all, isn’t there 
A good appointment, although I hope he hasn’t got the job because he is Asian and somehow this will make the Home Office look more inclusive.
I’m not sure I’d go as far as your Brownies comment, but I think the establishment are racist in thought but honestly believe they are not, ive experienced so many est say and do really racist things not through hate but pure ignorance, this appt is an example of that
I know next to nothing about him, what are his #Brexit views, what are his thoughts on immigration, will he get tough on  crime?
Could be wrong, but I don’t think he’ll be tough on immigration as a remainder and muslin
You could be right.
One step closer to a Muslim becoming PM!!! 
Once that happens I’ll be emigrating.

Javid is as morally bankrupt as Rudd
This is not a surprise.

Javid voted for every element of May's hostile environment, the right to rent checks, criminalisation of work without documentation, these things…
Most politicians are bloody hopeless and completely disconnected from the real world and society. I believe that NOONE should be allowed to stand as an MP until they’ve worked for 10+ years in the real world and then can properly represent society.
The man who went missing over Grenfell, and has done zero of note in his career. Of course
You've gotta laugh . This goverment is so scared of being seen as racist that all common sense goes out the window .
Great PC move amid the Windrush scandal...such obvious propaganda bullshit...
Congratulations! @sajidjavid 
Your appointment & subsequent performance carries a lot of importance because everyone is keenly observing you. It is pertinent that you not only succeed individually, but also simultaneously, prove to be a good Home Secretary for the United Kingdom.
Yet another stitch up by May to support her underlying remainer views.Yet another kick in the teeth of democracy.
the only reason sajid javid was chosen as home secretary was so he can echo the sound bite that he is a descendant of immigrants thereby reducing the pressure on Tory party for the racist policies of Theresa May.
Great... We're all doomed
One of the reasons this government is so dysfunctional is that ministers' attention is so taken up by Brexit they are losing the plot on everything else. The answer is to #ExitFromBrexit.
Ffs
It saddens me to see this country sinking into despair. No political leaders of any party with the backbone to stand up for British people. God help us.

I thought Ali Azmat
Not saying Sajid isn't qualified or won't be good in the job, but even he has to wonder did kneejerk PC out of this migrant controversy sway the vote? That's how bad, cynical and second guess image conscious our politics & society has now sadly become.
This is very smart because, for obvious reasons, it will be politically impossible to accuse Sajid Javid of racism or anti-immigration policies even if the Home Office does continue with it's #targets for deportations.
Ffs, when will we get a competent person in the main positions.
Disastrous choice by a permanently ailing pm. SJ clueless blaming housing crisis on developers not govt/planning system. Similar lack of clarity will be disastrous as Home Sec. Govt strategy appearing more like a Homeland plot each week.
Reaching for the token darkie.

Anyone would think they're trying to prove they're not racist.
My grandad was right all those years ago!.
Clearly The Hood from Thunderbirds...
Another #remoaner gets the job
He’s got a peanut for a head
Oops there goes your everything...live with it ..
Theresa May has lost her most important ally in the cabinet.
Sweet Jesus. Some humans. This Gov's Brexit antics totally insane; but to slag this guy coz of his name scrapes the barrel of common decency
Aarrgh..! @theresa_may could not find one man?
Positive discrimination in full effect after Windrush, I see

Amber Rudd taken the hit on behalf of Theresa May, who was Home Office minister, when this all started.

Spot the difference. 
@barrystanton61  Thoughts?
Former investment banker, former communities/local government/housing minister now in the 3rd biggest job going after PM/Chancellor. Good luck cos hes sure gonna need it.
Let's hope he has all his paperwork or his Home Office officials might deport him
Another victim puts his head on the block. What about May, she knew what Rudd knew. Should she not go also !!!!!
And the loser of Spin the Cabinet Bottle is..... @sajidjavid  Yo will need all the luck ya can get. @ukhomeoffice @10DowningStreet
Another one of her useless army @theresa_may @sajidjavid bout time the tories left tbh
@harry___smith ur a political genius
The first African descent person in UK administration.
He looks fucking ecstatic...
Who?
The frontrunner all day. He seems a popular choice. Hopefully he'll see the letters that he writes too.
Either Westminster has gone insane or someone is taking the piss? The Tories have just kissed my vote goodbye.
He can't and shouldn't be trusted. Javid is a disgrace
@AlvMar0122 well lookie here
Would the Windrush Scandal have been any different had he been Home Secretary instead of Rudd? Absolutely not except he would be the one who just resigned.
Precisely. Rudd, as awful as she was, has been thrown to the lions by May. She is the one who should be resigning over this.
The followers of Islam should never be allowed to hold the "whip hand" over white indigenous Brits. Sajid Javid appointment is a sad day for the true white indigenous

 British people.
I think you need to look up the word "indigenous".
A bald dianne Abbott..
Congratulations to Sajid Javid. I hope you could reverse the racist policies of your conservative government regarding immigration. Britain robbed black and brown people materially in their countries and it now robbing them from their dignity while in Britain.
At least he wants brexit
Massive minus points.
Quite the opposite.
It really isn't.
oh it is.
I think we should agree to disagree.

ATTENTION!! ATTENTION. "KINDLY HELP US GET FOOD". We are a young orphaned family here in Kenya struggling to survive after all our parents died of AIDS. We are begging for donations from well-wishers and good Samaritans to help us. Anybody willing to assist or support us to reply
You can afford a camera and the internet but you can't afford a grain of wheat...right
Was it necessary for you to reply
Was it necessary for you to think that people would actually care about your family situation on a post about the Home Secretary? People are hungry and die everyday. You're not special.
He is the son of Bus driver from #Pakistan  #Hardwork 
Britain the Islamic country. I hope Mr Christian Godson can be home secretary in Saudi Arabia or Syria
the political spin doctoring is on overtime 
Jesus Christ!....oh sorry Javid! did i just swear!!
great job http://lafonditaokc.com 
I think you guys can worry now...lol
wrong appointment this will end in disaster and open boarders so wrong
Hostile environment towards illegals is just what we want
Time for a Pakistani Prime minister now
If the BBC rate him then I’m out
this cabinet is the new sugababes

Why am I still getting these notifications from the BBC 8 hours later than they're sent out?

Feck me they’ve recruited a Mekon
Token appointment of landlord who protectts his property at the expense of his tenants. Disposable  human plaster to cover racist polidcy from @theresa_may
No @theresa_may @AmberRuddHR shouldn’t  look back with pride. 
Does any one know what his dad did asking for a friend
Bet he is sweating.
Congratulations and a dignified person who respects human rights and is an honorable example of his country and its sons.
Wow
Disgraceful 1st performance in parliament, criticising Diane Abbott for 'monopolising' fact that she is 2nd generation British. This after he mentioned that he was in opening speech and blasted about it in Sunday paper. We all know the only reason that he got the job.
more and more pakistani grooming gangs
Another one who even though he went there , decided state schools weren’t good enough for his kids ..
Yet more and more illegal immigrants will now be let in.  Certainly won't do anything to get rid of the II's
At least has done a real job before
Again an appointment that appeases the PC Brigade instead of giving the job to the best qualified. This is why Britain is a mess
Great news, we now have the first Muslim Home Secretary as well as a Muslim London Mayor. Let's hope they both represent with integrity and honesty unlike their predecessor's
May your god help us !
He still a Tory so it’s going to be shit and never going to do a good job
Isn’t that @Mo_Farah come on @BBCBreaking at least try and get it right
It he qualify doing this? Immigration from India?
We will see how long this person will last.?
The melt downs on the #DailyMail , make it great news.
A case of Amber? Green. RED!
As round as Pilkingtons, but contains far less empathy.
Another useless w#nker !
A real soldier of the secret services of the British Isles. One can say: the son of the regiment!
Discipline above all! 

#BritishIsles #London #HomeSecretary #HomeOffice #SajidJavid #Pakistan #پاکِستان #InterServicesIntelligence #ISI #MI5 #MI6 #CIA #NSA #BND
@10DowningStreet
Who chose?
What kind of name is that?
U never learn .. guess it's on for more slave auctions on the streets of london
He says he will make sure people are shown respect and dignity. Rudd should have done this and maybe she would have been able to see my mum and dad at least once. Now this is never going to happen.
Now Brits will have more refugees in their country.
Oh yeah I’m sure this’ll be in nothing but the interests of native Brits
UK soon to be known as Muslin United Kingdom
Excellent choice @sajidjavid l would have been a famous prophet if I had tweeted last night that the job is yours. The PM @theresa_may has got this so right. I've so much faith in you @sajidjavid . Or did the PM just made a political statement ? Time will tell...
Looks like Sharia is right around the corner for Y'all...

He`s just a fall guy for May right face right colour right time
Wow putting the mongoose to watch the snake 
Oh hell !!!
I've got a cse in woodwork
Fuckin travesty
Sharia law incoming
Jigsaws being put in place.
If i knew there was a job going id of gone for it lol

Edm Baby pop song ~ 
Congratulations to Sajid Javid.Rudd showed integrity in resigning.Proud to be part of a country where children of Muslim immigrants can rise to be London Mayor and Sec of State as part of both main parties!Lets REMAIN such a country!
Why’d she resign?
"Sajid Javid has become the UK's first home secretary from an ethnic minority background after Amber Rudd's exit." Interesting headline. Could've said anything else but y'all went for the racial angle. Guess we are not that different after all. Here's to the future.
right choice of home secretary. Hope he can clear away our Shame again
#SajidJavid #TheresaMayMustGo
When @theresa_may’s pathetic attempt to form a govt (defined as *one that stays* the same without crimes/resignations from one week to the next) finally falls this week with another election called, can we get that £1bn back that she bribed the #DUP with?…
Just saying......
So transparent to be a party under fire for racism to hire someone from BAME #justsaying
I think, and in my own opinion, he is the adequate person for this position
This country has seriously been hit with the shit stick under these demented torys, I now feel it is time for a revolution.
Good luck to him, hopefully he’ll do a better job than Rudd.
hope he is bald...I meant BOLD.
Another nail in the coffin of Britain.......
Because for Indian sanghis Sajid Vajid & my mayor like @SadiqKhan is nothing less the Islamic fundamentalists.  @sardesairajdeep
Token appointment if ever there was
He can't do worse than Amber rudd
This is called democracy guys.  Even if we dream doing something like that in India we will have multiple seizures.  What say @sardesairajdeep Sir ?
He's resigned already?!
'Now! Now! calm down, it can't be racist because a nice brown man has ordered your deportation!'
We all need the most experienced person who can work this area and get the job right every one needs their ring of stars person in this job role lets work to it
A remainer of immigrant decent is apparently going to control immigration.
God help us
Caption that: a man looking for his wig after Ariana dropped next single
Great - just shows you, they have an endless supply of these clowns....
Nov
Whoopy Doo!!!
