Dear God how could such a thing happen.
From reading the story, it seems like the fault lies with the father. He decided to take the kids swimming and was not watching his son. Yes, lifeguards should be present, but if you’re taking a THREE YEAR OLD swimming, a parent should be watching at all times
mate I dont think you understand what "breaking international news" is - are you running a tabloid for posh people?
Condolence
I just can't believe some of the disgusting comments on this. There are some very sick people on this planet.
Tragedy
Very sad. But where the hell were the parents?
:(
so where where the lifeguards and the parents and other parents around??
The responsibility comes down to the adults firstly. Saying that they have to live with this so I’m sure they are already torturing themselves and don’t need people making assumptions or nasty comments.
How very sad, bless him.
I wonder who was too busy texting while this boy drowned
A terrible tragedy.

R.I.P. little one.

Better ban swimming pools #NotOneMore
Very sad
Awwww. So sad. Poor little lad 
Parents, pool attendants,where were they?
Prayers
All my thoughts and prayers are with that mother xxx
whats a 3yr old doing in a posh private sports club?
They have family sessions.
awww shame wot wer the parents doin yakkin about rubbish i bet wile lad ws drownin or avin a drink 
Read this:
And the guardians were where?
Read this:
Omg how awful 
Very very sad may his soul Rest In Peace 
Is Kahn now banning swimming pools or fitness clubs or both?
The nightmare for every parent. Rip little boy.
Very saddest news, condolence

Seriously, on this post?

Tragic news
How in the hell does this happen in this day and age?  Goodness me, these things are completely avoidable.  Poor family 
This is heartbreaking. All this day I was looking forward to the United game in Wembley, the sun out on a Saturday, then I see this deeply sad news. Absolutely gutted. My immense condolences go out to the family and friends.
was he asian?
Does it matter??? Huh?! What kind of foolish and racist comment is that?!? #racism
So sad thinking of the family c
Why is this Break News?
Because some people still have compassion. It's tragic.
I know but like the attack on Damascus, Syria was breaking news because it was super important.  This is like... a daily occurrence type of thing.  It's not breaking news.
No, actually, it isn't a daily occurrence in the UK. It might not sound like it to someone from a country where kids are used as target practice for psychopaths with guns. Not all news is about war. If you don't like it, go and find your type of news elsewhere.
Yeah, the US is depressing with all the gun nuts.  :/  Anyway, no need to be all butthurt.  It was just a question.
I know. I'm sorry. Hypersensitive when it comes to the BBC!
No it's okay!  I love the BBC.  xD
Tragic, and Sad, and most definitely not breaking news. Are we, the people, to endure every single tragedy that occurs across our fine country? Every last tragedy? Good god. Isn’t the @BBC  publicly funded? No need to attract the tragedy loving masses, is there?
Unfortunately, it’s what BBC does best.  Lazy, shoddy journalsm.
I think they’re just trying to make ends meet by catering to the lowest common denominator. The real problem is people don’t want to pay for anything that’s on the internet. But at least BBC is publicly funded!
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/987666519147536384?s=19 …
No lifeguards? No parents/carers keeping an eye out?
Oh play the blame game. Holier than thou.
Lifeguards should be present at children's swim sessions, most fitness clubs don't have lifeguards.
They perhaps were present but missed it for whatever reason
Perhaps, to be honest I'm only assuming as many health pools lack proper oversight but I guess DL must if they have a late pool. Maybe I'm being unfair.
A lifeguard pulled the child out and performed cpr.
Yeh I’m a lifeguard trainer assessor. It does sadly happen even with lifeguards present.
Hey john I worked as a life guard for a very long time so I know all about the legal ramifications. Hopefully the life guards followed NOP and EAP
Hmmm. I suspect not.
I am very said
Can't be doing with people's negativity show some respect for this poor boy and his family!!!
Awful awful thing to read, poor little guy.
That poor boy xxxzx rip angel
Great parenting
so sad R.I.P LITTLE MAN THINKING OF U ALL AT THIS SAD TIME 
R.I.P young lad.
Sorry
SHOCKING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/987663558207881216?s=19 …

Parents/ Guardian???????
They will see ££££££ instead of responsibility
terrible 
Poor soul 

Aw god bless him.
R.I.P poor lad 
Tragic and very sad but who was looking after the child?
A family just lost their child. Can you  wait before you try and blame someone for what was probably a tragic accident?
Well said
What the fuck were the parents doing??
Entrusting the care of their child to a swimming instructor. Get off your high horse.
OMG 
Fuck off you sick cunt
Hope he's.... Now come on. This is awful. No time for twitter gags...
Rip
Oh how sad 
