Shows trump is a powerful leader, welldone @realDonaldTrump
South Korea has done this, not Trump.
I despise Trump but he does deserve a tiny bit of credit here
Dude he deserves half! He told China to stop the trade or face major consequences that could destroy their economy and asked SK for support
Not really. The UN decided to force China to stop trade as part of sanctions on North Korea
Niki Hayley led the way for the sanctions, most of the UN agreed to the US sanctions
So yes he really did.
If he assassinates trump in their meeting let rocket man have his rockets 
Real progressive
Real dedication to the Eurovision! Surely that must mean you don’t take yourself seriously? Then why take me so
Hey, I don't like the music scene in America. I like European music :)
I don’t like the America in the music scene don’t hate a hater, hate on hate crime is not  worth the hate.
North Korea has made these promises before and I see they're not offering go get rid of the nuclear weapons they have.
Yep, they've played this game before. But better than the alternative.
It's lowered the heat a bit, allowed for talks but beyond that..?
Let's see, it would be bizarre if Trump was the one to make peace with North Korea but it's a bizarre world.
Absolutely! But let's not underestimate the Russian and Chinese influence. I'm probably wrong about this don't they both share a border with North Korea.
Yes, the Russian border with North Korea is pretty obscure. But yes both are vital.
It could be fake.
Mind you average Trump supporter in mid west or so, wouldn't know where North Korea or come to that even China are on their maps. So bearing that in mind they'll probably praise Trump for it.
What they found alternatives that means ?!
Well done mr trump may be he’s not as bad as the press thinks
Did the President have anything to do with this??????
not unless he's responsible for the earthquakes that made the test site unusable
The crucial one is they haven't announced their going to scrap their nukes.
Why have they now announced this? It maybe because last year North Korea successfully tested a hydrogen bomb and so given that milestone they reached, there's simply no more need for them to test anymore em.
NK has to present a time schedule to the US indicating how to destroy its nuclear weapons in Trump- Kim talk.
Crisis averted
Anyone who falls for this is not only dumb but bloody dangerous
Trump had nothing to do with it. China and south Korea got ball rolling, not orange man with big mouth.
It wont stop ego man Trump from claiming all the credit over this latest move from Kim.
BBC: I cannot seem to unravel the mystery of the USA and both KOREAN NATIONS? Nuclear war threatened the world between the three. Now it is smelling of roses! Explain what happened in those few weeks? Hate does not go away that quickly, it lingers ON ON!!!
Common sense àlways prevails .
Can we get that in writing?
And signed?
Weird! Nobody in power suddenly u-turns like that overnight. Do not believe USA & South Korea or the rest of the world really believe it either.
North Korea probably doesn’t believe it, either!
We all pray he means it!
Coz he got shiny new smart ones
Since Kim Jon-un has nuclear weapons there is no need for further tests, besides the sites where he tested missiles is totally destroyed, dysfunctional
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Its small gesture or sop to make the world headlines.
What if there is no need for tests because they got them to work flawlessly?
He said they would never use nuclear weapon unless NK was under threat of a nuclear attack and would never transfer any nuclear technologies. Does that make sense?
Erm the world is suddenly getting along
Getting along?  Like our cosy relationship with Russia at present.
Not our fault they’re helping the sarin bombings of children.
> he believes British intelligence
You probably live in an underground bunker, wear a radio on your head & see the aliens. You can leave
Something doesn't seem right here.
Because? He's ready..
No more nuclear or missile "tests". Does that mean the next one isn't going to a "test"? Buckle up lads.
TESTS
Next should be the West Bank settlements.
That reminds me of the the Armageddon Factor Doctor Who episode where the Marshall is told that the war is ended, make of i what you will...
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
#KimJongUn is on his way to being a fine comedian.
No need doesn't quite equate to "giving up nukes" - a welcome step, but could mean they simply have enough data to know they would work.
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/987657874997297152?s=19 …
Thanks to Red Velvet
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/987653506021507073?s=19 …
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/987649601703301120?s=19 …
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/987644630559674368?s=19 …
Of coarse ,he's all set now . He has what he wanted now to play the rice of I'm on your side . Dont believe him Unless we'er allowed to visits all of these expected sites
Coz they are good to go probably 
The libturds will be up in arms
What? Are you kimming me?? 

Edm Fm Avicii The Angel Baby will pray in memory and I dedicate your song to the heavens.see your again sky -Edm Friend Angel Baby(Avicii song 2) 
North & South Korea both hate the US more than they hate each other. 

USA is a country that once invaded Korea and killed 20% of the entire population. 

#Trump 
#NorthKorea
Well done mr president!
Now to deal with Factory Farms
Because he's ready to fire them for real!?
I think China had a lot to do with that.

Why am I more scared
He said he has verified them and no more tests required. He certainly remains a danger to the world.
Possible because a nuclear warhead on a missile doesn't work.
Newsflash: he was never going to start a war he knew he couldn't win. All he ever wanted was to be "recognised" by the west. One meeting, mission accomplished.
The news is, their nukes have been "verified," thus they are ready for use. That isn't good news.
Now bbc you see the reason why we talk to our enemies  ... like North Korea like Russia ... it makes for a safer planet ... comprehend?
In a statement quoted by the agency, Mr Kim said it was no longer necessary to conduct missile tests because "nuclear weaponisation" had been achieved.
He’s run out of money then. Spunked his last few quid on a haircut and tummy tuck.
Probably cheaper and easier to buy them from Nancy Pelosi and hillary clinton
I suppose it all came down to who wanted to die first and KJ-u said not me
Do jerks just get along better together or something? I am sooooooo conflicted about this... 

If anyone believes this, then they are idiots.
That's good now talk to each other and get in the real world
Were all toast!
He got bored with that toy. He’s off to have a nice game of chess... 
Such a liar and hooligan !
Thank the lord. Let us have a peaceful world for the future of our children. Well done sir.
Yes they have now made their point and sent their message to the Americans. They have also earned their seat at the table
I presume that implies all is not going as they hoped with their missile tests?
That’s because he has no nuclear capability nor does he have any rocket fuel left lol! Completely conned the Western powers, couldn’t make it up
#CharmOffensive perhaps?
Good news! Can the media applaud Mr.Trump..
In a statement quoted by the agency, Mr Kim said it was no longer necessary to conduct missile tests because "nuclear weaponisation" had been achieved.
Wow
#wonderful
This is more predictable than a WWE storyline, are people this stupid not to realise Russia has set all this to make Trump look good
J.Cole's album saving the world once again #KOD
History has shown that NK lies and cheats and breaks promises. They are only angling for a let up on sanctions.
Well done @realDonaldTrump

Good decision
Cue missile strikes!
Well now the tests are done better start making them .
that's because he has achieved his goal of having Nuclear weapons already.
Влад мы на верном пути. Дядюшку Сэма обманули, теперь на очереди Британия.
Dare to read?
Hallelujah!!!


What's he bloody playing at?
Because he know he has the capability to reach the US..
Breaking: Jong Un / Trump negotiating to bring nuke tourism back to Vegas.
I don’t believe this Kim jong is not that typ
Has he perfected them?  Is really dismantle the nuke facilities?   hmmm i dont trust anything out of this mans mouth
Ким Чен Ын заставил себя уважать. Его воинственный характер и отлично подготовленная армия, помогли ему одержать победу над США
This is very good news.
So trump had nothing to do with this Forcing him to the table ?
Good .We need peace
“Peace in our time!”
Thank you Saint Kim. Amen.
YES
KIM JUNG UN IS RIGHT THERE IS NO NEED FOR MORE TESTING THEY HAVE THEM TO USE IF  NECESSARY ALL BULLSHIT
He knows they work. Am I right @NorthKoreaNews1 #missilehumor #satyrday
Bigger buttons will do that to a man. Thanks POTUS.
A few will thank @realDonaldTrump because he's giving the world results it wants. Congrats @POTUS

Dont turn your backs on him...........
Wonderful !
Ohhhh paaaahleez! Such a set up! Trumps the big hero! FUUUUUCK NOOOOOO! Hook...Line....and sinker!!!!! Like they were such a THREAT! Thank you media!
Grate decision.. Hats off.
Either, he perfected the bombs, or something is wrong with the space and time and everyone is getting along.
Sure, Jan. 
And if North Korea & South Korea sign a peace treaty & denuclearization happens, I’m sure the leftists who gave Obama a Nobel Peace Prize for nothing will give one to Trump for actually achieving something.
Think he’d do anything rather than have to meet with Trump or let him take credit
What did Mike Pompano promise him in Trumps name at tax payers expense?
Thanks man.   Another Kor Bites My Nuts.
I can’t believe it, this Kim(ｰｰ;) because this country always tell like this lie(ｰｰ;)
One planet. No need for nuclear or missile tests. That is so simple.
I’ve got a tropical paradise to sell you in Canada.
OMG! I'm so glad to heard that 
Cuz me man kimbo already got them sorted mate!!
He's right.

But why? This means hes got a nuke more powerful than ours its more worrying than exciting
You need a new barber lol 
Its a trap, a game of chess, waiting for Trump to thing he's won before he positions the pieces to go "check mate"...
They lie!! They've said this before.
They are not leaders, they are but monkeyfish and will never stop until we are chained. So, to them I say: good luck with that.

Am I the only one who thinks this is what one would say BEFORE launching a missile attack?

I guess the Pompeo talk went well then?

What Kim won't say publicly is that he no longer has a site to perform nuclear tests safely as the one he used for his tests was extensively damaged after a series of earthquakes last year. https://twitter.com/BBCBreaking/status/987453482750889984 …
#Breaking Drug trials for Tylenol conclude after successfully treating headaches
This has been all too easy lately. I feel like we're being played.
Denuclearisation is welcome the move.
Fantastic! I wonder if Donald Trump will receive a Nobel peace prize as it looks like he may be on his way to ending the 70 year war on the Korean peninsula.
You are not the only one who have nuclear kim . 

France-pop Elsa songs~ 
He has achieved his target of sitting with US face to face.
No more tests, its go time. Oh wait...
If this is true then it’s worth a massive
I say B.S. He's stalling and playing head games hoping the US drops their guard, then comes around with a right hook.
Because they don’t have any more?
Must be April 1st in North Korea

So they decided to not destroy themselves and the world. Brilliant!
When is the big meeting between mr trump and mr jong-un
Technically it would be Mr. Kim, I’d think. Koreans typically put the surname first.
Who still thinks @realDonaldTrump is not good news not only for the US, but the troubled world?
So Trump wins his hardline approach which the media was much critical of and brought him down to his knees.
So, did Trump stop WW3, or North Korea is trying to catch us off guard?
The world has moved one step forward to being a safe place! Thank God!
Because they already know they work, or wha?
The nuclear tests were just a ruse anyway. Now trump with Putin’s help looks like a genius. Who’s buying it?
crazy ppl goes will together so no surprise here
@HardcoreHistory pretty remarkable, relistened to Destroyer of Worlds just last week

Wow! Well done! Believe him?
let's not kid ourselves on North Korea. She is a Trojan horse! The test of their "seriousness" is democratic elections.
Seems a good news for everyone in region but wait, the world police Americans still need something to go back Asia 
Because wengers leaving ?
 #FridayFeeling :: #HIGNFY :: More than 100 Syrian*and Russian airstrikes<have targeted the*Yarmouk Camp and the<neighborhoods of Hajar*Aswad, Qadam, and<Tadamun in Southern*Damascus since yesterday https://twitter.com/orfap904zc9bli/status/987456593997516800/photo/1pic.twitter.com/HKMnJ3pH2g 
Sounds like fake news.

#MAGA Thanks to POTUS!!
● #FridayFeeling ¤ #HIGNFY ¤ A Syrian army◇bulldozer is damaged•with a rocket projectile◇in Tadamun•neighborhood in southern◇Damascus
¡i #FridayFeeling ¡i #HIGNFY ¡i 10 Syrian soldiersୂare killed duringୂconfrontations withୂIslamic State fightersୂin Tadamun neighborhoodୂin southern Damascus
Let the trading begin!
