There are multiple countries which require a medical certificate of fit health if you want to run in a marathon (France and Italy are examples)

I don't see why this isn't a standard process worldwide.
Because it's a logistical and costly nightmare. Incredibly fit people die doing sport. It would be a pointless task.
Not as costly as the PR/liability nightmare on the marathon organizers to have runners dropping dead. 

Requiring a medical validation would be pretty basic, the organizers could even partner with local hospitals to help streamline the process.
You run at your own risk. There are many marathons every weekend in the UK, many run by small volunteer lead local groups. Wouldn't work. 40000 people running in hot weather, statistically it's quite likely someone may be unfortunate. I run ultra marathons, I accept the risk.
"You run at your own risk."

No, you run at the risk of the system. 

You're straining NHS resources by not certifying runners. By having a certification process, you'd aid the system. Prevention is ultimately cheaper than a cardiovascular event.

It's common sense.
Actually the opposite is true. To get a certificate you need to go to a GP. So you would have 100,000s of perfectly healthy people clogging the GP system. They are used abroad as a system to prevent organisers being blamed.
You just argued away the need for yearly checkups.
Really sad.  Can’t believe people are debating the health risks or marathons and saying how it’s at their own risk when all that needs to be said is how sad this is that he died.
Wow. The Masterchef elimination challenges  are pretty full on these days.
You’re unbelievable, show some respect
Religion of peace strikes again
i have no words to describe your stupidity
I don't know why I find this so funny
all i can say is i hope you're talking about my reply - there's nothing funny about either, but to laugh at the original comment... dear lord
It's so ridiculous and out of place that it became funny to me. 8/10 would laugh again.
Some of the replies to this are disgusting. Sad news and condolences to the family
Tragic news. I saw Matt on Masterchef and he was a lovely and hugely talented young guy. My thoughts are with his family and friends 
Very sad.  RIP.
How awful for the family. Deepest condolences
Terribly sad news.
Think he was a vegan. Anyway I'm sure his dad will be really proud of him.
What does predicable mean?
Awful news. Such a talented and creative chef. Such an inspiration when I watched him on @MasterChefUK . Utterly tragic for his family
This is so sad.  Matt had been running marathons in memory of his late father.
Very sad news
Sad news indeed. Condolences to family and friends.
Sorry to hear this given too, he was running in memory of his late father. 
Such tragic news about @mCampbellCHEF. He was inspirational on @MasterChefUK and living in Kendal was really routing for him. Sincere condolences go to his family who have lost now their precious son.
This is stupidly sad.
Everybody a critic these days but the thing is most of you know shit poor bloke as died show some respect

This is so sad.
Terrible
That's devastating news.
Oh dear RIP
Awful but what a great person for us to remember and learn from - RIP 
Gutted  what a lovely guy, I'm glad I had a chance to see his skills on @MasterChefUK  it's scary to see what can happen to anyone at anytime #RIP
He won't make that mistake again
So sad I really enjoyed watching him in MasterChef what a talent RIP
Thanks for this breaking news
Shocking news. His poor family
Cooked it
news....
http://OMG.Rip 
Just awful - fit, genial young guy with so much left still to do  With the celebratory atmosphere these events rightfully inspire, it's easy to forget what a toll the course itself can take - even on the most prepared. Hope lots of ppl will be moved to donate in his honour 
This is so tragic.
First world problems ....
They should be tights regulations in place, not just people running for the sake of running...others want to show that they can race, even they've finished the very last energy...very sad loosing a such young man.
What has peoples tights got to do with it?
Marathon s need to be outlawed.
Ban all public marathons. Predictable loss of life almost every time. A race just isnt worth it. When you practically KNOW someone's going to die during a sporting activity, just dont do it
How many people will die on Britain’s roads today? Should we close all roads, because we know somebody will die on them?
Dont be silly roads & cars essential for society. Risk acceptable. When you virtually KNOW someone will die as result of a RACE, then isnt worth it for public. Even F1 or boxing isnt that dangerous
Deaths in these sort of events are incredibly rare compared to the thousands that take part, and are generally the result of an underlying medical condition, rather than the activity itself.
Incredibly rare, dude is12th person to lose their life in this sporting event. Ok for athletes but not for public. Once again, when you actually EXPECT someone will die during it, dont do it. I expected it, so guy would still be alive had i been in charge, not so if you were
You’re clearly just trolling now. 

That’s the 12th death out of around 1.1m participants, over 28 events.

18 people a year die falling off cliffs. Are you also going to ban cliffs when you’re in charge?

33 people drown in their own baths - best make them illegal too.
Thete you go again, 'but people drive cars and people fall off cliffs' you cant control these things but you can damn well stop public marathons, by the way i'm glad you think 12 deaths acceptable for the sake of a road race. Thats just the london marathon btw
You could control baths. Are you going to ban them?
@charlottedayx
terribly tragic - hopefully there will be many posthumous donations to his charity so it wasn't in vain.
it's heartbreaking isn't it 
A tragic event . RIP
Oh how very sad
Such a sad Day for the family left behind sadly following his father condolences to you all
sad news. RIP.
How sad ; he lived life to the fullest ; he’s reunited with his beloved father now,but taken far to young .
Devastated to read this. He seemed like a lovely young man with a very bright future. My thoughts are with his family and loved ones x
Heartbroken to hear such tragic news. I supported Matt in his Masterchef journey. I was gutted he didn’t win. He was inspirational in all he did, his smile was uplifting. My thoughts and prayers are with his family deepest condolences RIP Matt 
OMG, that is so sad  he was the best on this years show.  Exciting chef and seemed a lovely chap
How could people “ like” this news
So very very sad, I remember him on masterchef, such a talent.
@SageCanaday
How terrible, condolences to his family at this sad time
This is so sad 
Can someone post a link for the charity he was running for please?
So sadmiss @annecurtissmith
They shouldn't of run it yesterday because of heat.
RIP
Tragic.
Is this marathon worth nearly a death every time,let alone the amount of plastic bottles that were used.I find this totally unacceptable and the organisers should have used substitutes for the plastic.
Ban it!
So sad, my condolences to the family
I am so sorry for his family, what a tragedy, such a young talent. RIP
So sad to read this :(  I watched him on Masterchef, he was fantastic. RIP Matt
Truly shocking news. Thoughts are with all his loved ones right now. X
Terribly sad news and condolences to his family
So sad heartfelt condolences to his family
Sad to read this.
RIP such sad news
So sad 
So sad. Rest in peace Matt.
@Angela178

Only u would rt this
Oh my god, that’s awful. Condolences to his family x
Heartbreaking  I remember voted for him  RIP Matt 
Time to ban it then. Thought I’d say it before some prick did.
No. He was fab. Condolences to the family and those who knew him.
RIP
Sad and condolences to those close to him. But two marathons in two weeks for a cook which is mostly sedentary? Sure not a good idea. Lesson for some other future runner.
Cooking is sedentary!!!!! Get a grip!
And people don't run a marathon without preparing unless they're a #fool. Which he certainly wasn't!
Very sad news. #Masterchef
Ban the Marathon it's that simple
Really?
Absolutely heartbreaking x
How sad 
RIP beautiful man.
@Grimbhoy   we loved this guy!
I know shocking was going to let you know !
May you find peace 
Sad news
Incredibly sad. Condolences to his family.
I remember watching Matt on Masterchef and his story of losing his dad. A talented and lovely guy he was. Really sad. Condolences to his family and friends. RIP.
Thoughts with the family at this difficult time.
Desperately sad. RIP Matt
This is incredibly sad news for such a talented chap. Devastated.
Did he burn out or just over cook it?
So sad,rest in peace.
time they made the race shorter way to long ow many more people nd to die befo they do sumthin idiots 

How sad, so young
That is so devestating. Deepest regrets to family members and friends.
Such a sad story RIP and prayers to his family
This is so sad
It's more than 26miles for goodness sake!! No one should be traveling that far without transport anyway.
@SeanPMeans
So sad 

So so sad. He was a great chef! RIP
This is  news
Tragic news. Such a talented man. Sympathies to his family and friends.
I think it should be cut by 3-5 kilometres, 29 is ridiculous age to die just because the body cannot cope with the extreme length. Maybe an amateur route included and only professional can go distance. It's an excessive event.
Sorry but that’s just dumb. Some people complete it in 7.30 hours which is walking pace.
Unbelievably sad to hear. Much love to his family.
R.I.P
Thats just so awful
@pcronin75 @audreybowman10
F*ck off!! I've been following his training for the marathon on Insta...
Shocking
So sad
@anneszak
Omg. 
How sad. I remember him from the show. Everyone was amazed at how inventive his recipes were.
http://RIP.unfortunate.now  he can whip up a meal for the God's who be summoned him
that guy who invented marathon run also died after. since it became so trendy people forgettin about reuirements and consequences of such effort
Very sad news. My heart goes out to his family.
Very http://sad.RIP 
sad news
Very sad. RIP.
Ooh sorry.
Awful news, so sad for his family and friends x
Tragic news.
That’s Tragic!
So sad.
So very sad. RIP
I remember him, he was really into healthy eating & fitness. How sad. RIP.
Dying during or after a marathon is not so rare anymore. RIP.
oh no :(
Geezuz
Oh gosh.. I suspect this is the person my friend saw being covered over whilst she was running the marathon too. How terrible. My thoughts are with his family and friends.
@theJeremyVine what did you just say ?? No one died??
Finalist or semi-finalist ? #sloppy
Aww that's awful!

