Are we going to have Lee Rigby day.?
Do you know how much MI5 fucked with this guys head? They turned him into a monster and got exactly what they wanted...
MI5 fucked with Lee Rigby's head? WTF are you talking about?
The guy who. Attacked Lee.. He. Was brutalised by MI5.  Sorry if I didn't make that clear.. The guy was a nobody.. Until detention and abuse happened to him..  
I can confidently say that anyone out under the extreme pressure of those services is going to react. That's why
And some evidence for this?

He was a nutter waiting to kill someone  no matter what,
What created that mindset. What logically would help create that person. We see today with @CamAnalytica was able to micro target people to effectively get them to do what they wanted.. Vote a certain way. Think a certain way. This is originally tactics of 'intelligence services'
This is wrong, there are so many people murdered every year..
How about first having a PC Blakelock Memorial Day??
He was murdered by some savage whilst doing his duty but you hardly hear about it... or Lee Rigby.
This is why there’s racial tension, everything’s one sided.
Yes, let’s give a Memorial Day to everybody who loses their life needlessly shall we?
The point myself and others are making about this, is that because the likes of Blakelock or Rigby are white, it’s not seen as politically correct to remember them so publicly.
It will never happen because it wouldn’t be seen as politically correct to commemorate a person like Rigby.. 
instead of making themselves look good by doing this, the politicians should be putting more into battling the knife crime that’s become an epidemic in London.
Police know though if they go in and start targeting these gangs, they’ll start another race riot in London.
Why ? What about others that are more deserving like soldier Lee Rigby?
Sorry - didn't see your post. I've just posted same. Proves how many people think alike
What about a national day to remember all loved ones we’ve lost? Like the Day of the dead?
It already exists (in the Church at least). https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_Souls'_Day …
Long forgotten no doubt. We need something non-religious so no one can get offended 
No, it’s not long forgotten, it’s called Halloween.
A commercialised holiday to increase sweet/booze/decoration sales.
You could say the same about Christmas, depends on your perspective.
Christmas is incredibly commercialised. Majority of holidays are.
Lee Rigby is not comparable. Stephen Lawrence and his family was let down by the justice system because he was black. The police force was found to be institutionally racist. What happened to Mr Rigby was terrible, but he wasn't let down by those that should have  protected him!
Kris' killers were investigated properly were they not? Stephen's weren't because he was black. That's the lesson. Please dont be rude to me.
U have missed the point completely, u r only seeing the colour issue
Im just commenting on how the aftermath was handled? What is the issue then in your opinion?
They think by having a special day for the poor lad will make up for what happened to him and cover up their mistakes ? I feel for his family but marking a day doesn't cover up what happened, my point is if u are going down this route u have to do it for all not just 1
Agree with you, it doesn't making up for it. The reason they're supposedly doing it is to highlight mistakes. However they're actually trying to appease the family. It won't work. I don't agree with this day, I just don't think it's reasons are comparable with other killings.
I do get what u r saying there and do agree, it is defo about appeasing the family like u say and it's pretty low really, I'm sure his family will see through it
Not in my name  sorry loss but London is going to grow in murder rates thanks to its pathetic mayor
Why for goodness sake?
Is there a problem with that?
Yes there is tbh, what about a day for all the other young lives that have been taken in racially motivated attacks regardless of backgrounds...please let me know the difference as I would like to know.
No answer, surprise surprise!
ERM I did not get the notification.
 This was highly prolific, the police messed up BIG time and the family did not give up to seek justice. This day does nit compare to all they have gone through.
Not every racial attack is announced or recognized. Let us at least honour 1.
Ridiculous!! All this does is highlight his death and make out somehow he is more important than all the other victims that have lost their life in a racist attack when he is not, they are all important and all tragic and what about what all the other families have gone through??
W
Gobsmacked!. Totally belittling to those family's who've had loved ones murdered. Why should Stephen Lawrence stand out over Kriss Donald or anyone else who has been murdered. My sympathys to any family who've had loved ones murdered. Are circus clowns running the country?.
This thread shows why we need a Stephen Lawrence day so much. The amount of racism and ignorance on here is frankly disgusting. Forget Windrush we should deport racist scumbags.
Why? What about every other teen killed. How about Lee Rigby? Far more deserving than Lawrence.
"Far more deserving" you need to be checked
What about Lee Rigby.  Oh sorry. Wrong colour
Scumbag
It takes a special meathead to see no difference between the two murders. I’ll give you a clue: justice.
So why the special day for one and not the other
Christ mate, do you know what happened to Stephen Lawrence’s murderers? The investigation?
How about name the holiday "Kids we kill to further an agenda!" CALL it KKFAA for short.
Lee Rigsby deserved better and his family have endured similar 'let-downs' ..... I still say, NO MATTER the colour ~ ANYONE killed in such savage circumstances deserves to be remembered .... you can't pick one ethnic group to remember for whatever reason & refuse other groups ...
Lee Rigby - I apologise for the typo - unlike F'bk you cannot correct once put up...
There you go. 
Did i miss the announcement of Admiral Lord Nelson day. Or Sir Winston Churchill day. Or St Georges day ????????

Enough with the bloody hand ringing! Sort the country out,sort out crime,punishment to suit.

I want a country to be proud of again.
St George's day is a great idea for a holiday.  We have never had a holiday dedicated to a Syrian/Turkish man who never visited Britain.  I commend your commitment to diversity.
Is he not our patron saint?
He never slayed a dragon either, but not everybody is perfect!
For some reason he is and why not celebrate the gentleman.
Charlene downes 
kriss donald
ross parker
richard everitt 
aaron dugmore
lee rigby
what about these names when will national commemoration day for these or is it diffrerent as they are white
Excellent idea. Stephen Lawrence Day will be as important in the UK as Martin Luther King Day in America.
Our country has gone
Sure ha,s most of it in the Cayman Islands. And if you vote Tory you certainly helped that.
What day will be PC Keith Blakelock day ? Remember him ? The PC killed by racists in Tottenham ?
always playing the victim. It’s getting boring now 
How about a National day for a murdered policemen! Honor someone like that!
The fact that you’re ignorant to the fact that there is a national police Memorial Day illustrates your faux outrage brilliantly.
Shows how much press it gets. I am not the only own who didn't know. Thank you for pointing it out.
http://www.ukcops.org/national-police-memorial-day.php …
What differentiates this man from all the other people that have been wickedly murdered in racist attacks from all backgrounds?? Is it because is mother is now in the House of Lords?  I am genuinely interested in knowing the difference...
Moonpig will do a card for this? Wrong on many levels. We don't even do St George's Day properly!
People have to make things happen it is in the communities power to do something on St. George’s day, that’s the only reason st Patrick’s etc gets done because we work together and get it done
Just him because he was black and killed by a white cop.... What about all those murdered by jihadis? Where is their day? 
So what day is lee rigby day please so I can put that in my calendar
This is not right!
What about a “Victims Day” full stop! Over 3500 killed in Northern Ireland during the troubles, Many of them went let down / set up by the authorities too. #stephenlawrence #victims
Reading the thread here , what a sad and bitter nation we have become, this lads murder and subsequent battle for justice was a very dark time for British justice , now sadly being used by the coalition of chaos to score points and divert attention from institutional Tory racism
Disgrace appeasing people for votes shame on you
What a total wank in the air this is!! Officials “seeing to be doing...” as ever.  What about 7/7 victims day or maybe one each for every stabbing around the country every day?  Get a grip Britain!!
I want to propose we do alot more about celebrating St. GEORGE'S Day ..... This is OUR heritage  OUR culture   OUR traditions and EVERYONE should celebrate the country they live in, supports them & kept safe (for the most part) for them ....
..... and what about the hideous, brutal & savage murder of PC Keith Blakelock 'eh ... 40+ stab wounds metered out by ????? 
Why do we not remember that poor defenceless MAN ... Lee Rigsby met a similar barbaric end. What about remembering him?This is where it's ALL gone wrong!!!
Why
KRISS DONALD must also be remembered. The 15-year-old Scottish white boy who was kidnapped, tortured and murdered in 2004 by Pakistani-origin Daanish Zahid, Imran Shahid, Zeeshan Shahid and Mohammed Faisal Mustaq, later found guilty of racially-motivated murder. #Equality
What about Lee Rigby? The thought that soldiers who spend their time fighting for out safety and freedom. Then return back home and get brutally murdered in broad daylight ‘in an act of terror’ just get left behind? Although thoughts are with both families and all who have lost.
Lee Rigby, Kriss Donald.
Follow @SAHARA_MH Please, lets together engage with young people and stamp out stigma attached to Mental Health in UK & change/save lives!
Utterly pointless political point scoring from Theresa may, she should focus on sorting out the mess she made as Home Secretary and start funding our police force properly again.
As sorry as I feel for his family and recognise the tragic loss, this is a rediculous move. Brought about ONLY by #Windrush and pandering to those accusing racism. It's frankly pathetic.

What about Lee Rigby having his head removed on  our streets? What about that! His day?
Lee Rugby, Keith Blakelock, Yvonne Fletcher....shall I go on?
Jill Dando
‘Kriss Donald’.  What about his national memorial?  Not trying to belittle what happened, but we can’t single out one person who was killed in this way. The BBC pretty much ignored this case and admitted they were wrong! They are still ignoring it.
Whilst his death was tragic with one stroke of a pen a snowflake puts race relations back years #StephenLawrence
No you do....if you see what the agenda is it shouldn't effect how you look at people.
Can’t comment on any agendas but why pick one person to memorialise? Why pick someone at all? Why not divert time and effort into stopping kids killing kids in London which seems to be rampant at the moment #knifecrime
And on this day for eternity we the public will remember how you let this family down
Donald criss
This thread summarised.
Damn black people
what about the beheaded lee rigby??
why
This is a national day of institutional  failure. Only our country could do this. Slow clap......
Won’t be in my fucking house that’s for sure
....And in doing so the PM distracts attention away from her institutionally racist government who have been deporting British people based on skin colour.
Do you know who Kriss Donald was?
I’m not sure why this murder is anymore important than other children that have been killed
Then find out. There’s plenty of information about the racism, the failings of the police and justice system and the spearheading of the overhaul of the Metropolitan Police.
Interesting points will we hold remembrance days for the girls of Rochdale, Rotherham etc who have had there life’s ruined by police and politicians?
I’m not in a position to answer. Try the PM or your local MP.
Two words, Lee Rigby
That announcement is so cynical and obviously designed to distract from the Windrush fiasco. Shame on you @theresa_may to use a murdered teenager in this way.

I went to school with Stephens brother, they all grew up in children’s homes because Doreen and Neville didn’t want them, hard to believe what great parents they suddenly became .
Stephen’s death was horrific as was #LeeRIGBY. Therefore I don’t understand the logic behind this at all.   Does anyone?  I can only assume it’s May’s attempt 2 prove she’s not racist & divert attention from the #Windrush scandal otherwise this day would’ve been created years ago
This is a plausible explanation. Given that the PM and her cronies are not known for tolerance, something fishy is behind this PR stunt. When will Mrs Lawrence stop allowing her family to be used for political capital by devious politicians and journos?
Racists everywhere...
What!
So what about every white person who’s killed by blacks through racism.
Disgusting!! What about a Lee Rigby day or many others that should come before this one!
Sadly the government giving too little too late. Any person of any creed, color or religion that are brutally murdered deserves justice. Without it or giving preferential treatment to separate groups tips the scales
I won’t recognise #stephenlawrenceday
Thanks - in part - to @theresa_may & @SadiqKhan amongst others, over sixty more National commemoration days can be created in London alone this year. Over sixty mother's can be made Life Peers. Why not a 'day' for every teenager murdered in London ?
The U.K. has totally lost the plot..
Instead of token gesture days, how about you arrest and charge the other guilty bastards who are laughing at you. Everyone knows who they are and that they did it. #justice
No Disrespect to his family but what does this achieve, Government has gone Mad
Why?.
Its all about power ,politics get in power by sny means necessary.block votes etc etc scew the common people.
What about a day commemorating all of the white people murdered just because of the colour of their skin. Where is their day?
what a load of bollocks.
Cool now do Lee Rigby
Maybot lays another turd !
Whilst Lee Rigby's killers are enjoying 3 square meals a day thanks to @theresa_may instead of being hung for treason - What happens to Trafalgar day?
The amount of people murdered in the last 25 years in race crimes yet this murder is to become a national day? What a disgrace.

I eagerly await the Govts announcement of a National Commemoration of murdered teenager Kriss Donald to take place on 15 March each year as well...
13th August should therefore be Richard Everitt day, another racially motivated murder that is not as well known or spoke about and I wonder why?
But in his case It didn't take the police nearly 20 years to secure a conviction against his killers.
No, they never found the actual killer, they let them piss off back to Bangladesh and haven't pursued it since!
They did identify the killer, hence the knowledge that he'd fled to Bangladesh.  Others in the gang were convicted and jailed for his murder, though.
Oh so justice was done, let the organ grinder get away!, no use of the retrial laws created by the Stephen Lawrence inquiry, just saying one life matters has much as another, regardless of colour. So if we are creating memorial days for racist attacks, remember the white victims
Not saying justice was done. Just that the cases are different. I don't actually agree with the "SL Day" thing as it's being sold, to be honest.
Yep, believe it is just another political decision to appease current ill feeling regarding the windrush situation, that will actually do harm by increasing the growing black over white divide in this country.
Really sad to hear how some of you people are speaking, what is the UK coming to? The case of Stephen Lawrence was totally different from others mentioned, it was a disgusting lack of justice and racism. I do hope this is what the family agreed to as well.
#KrissDonald , his was far worse. Was Stephen Lawrence drowned in petrol then lit?
What idiot thought this one up? I have every sympathy for the Lawrence family. No one should have to go through what they have, but this will drive a wedge into the cracks of an already broken and divided nation. By all means remember the anniversary, but then move on.
What a lot of shite
Great tweet to help identify all the racists on twitter.
Catch all the killers. Don't add salt to the wound.
Think you can silence people with fake national days and no policies aimed at eradicating those prejudice institutions.
I applaud the prime minister for this.   We must remember how far we have come since this case and commit to the work that still needs to be done today.  It is fantastic.
It's not fantastic at all it will cause more unrest Teresa may must go
Give me one reason why it should or will cause unrest?
Because the police have done a massive amount of work to ensure this never happens again, because stop & search is back in the headlines, because she is using this as political point scoring now she’s been called racist, to turn the public against police
Really that is what you deduct from this move?   Well I just see a government trying to honour the memory of a young man and to serve as a reminder of the suffering he and his family endured but more importantly to say , never again.
Then why didn’t they announce this years ago?
I’ll skip the 22 nd and move straight to st George’s day thanks ! And can the politicians stop guilt tripping in my name it’s bloody ludicrous.
Fuck. Off.

Is someone trying to make amends for the wind rush fiasco! Anything just to appease a n*****. Keep them calm and sedated. A little compensation will suffice, and when you add up the cost in the long run. We are in with a win.
While this sounds disrespectful. We need to stop this. Other victims are just as important, other victims of high profile murders no different. So this is step too far and a step we can't allow happen!
So are we going to have remembrance days for our murdered Police men and women let alone murdered servicemen on our UK shores THEN
Like PC Keith Blakelock. Murdered by racist black people.

What day is Kriss Donald’s day?
Shame nobody has been convicted of the murder after 25yrs but yes give him an overdue Memorial Day
Why?? Does everyone who dies from now on get a day just for them...pathetic
Why not Ross?  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_Ross_Parker …
what about all the others stabbed an killed everyday
Who gives a fuck? Why are we still talking about a random no hoper from 25 years ago?
The only day that is needed is the one where all the perpetrators and the bent racist policemen involved in the case have in court.
Great, now how about all the other people who have suffered by the police's hands? Children of Rotherham.....have we enough days in the year?
Knife's by muslim's terrorist taking London over (SAD)
Hopefully 1 day the US can come to a point we acknowledge injustices in the same manner. Cheers to all 
What about Drummer Rigby???


Christ on a bike there's some thick pieces of gammon in these responses.
Jesus. H. Christ.

Why all you lefties are standing around his little plaque us real ENGLISH PEOPLE WILL BE OVER THE HILL STANDING IN SILENCE FOR LEE RIGBY WERE THE REAL DAY OF REMEMBRANCE SHOULD BE
They can do one. What next, London changes it’s name to “Doreen’s City”?

Guys , April fools day was weeks ago !! Are you actually being serious. This could be a hack .. if not , May deserves to be kicked out of office
At last 
a joke
I wonder if your child got murdered you’d be laughing? If you’ve ever had grown up sex, that is.
Why? It's horrible what happened to the lad but similar things have happened to many people. Why does their need to be a national day specifically for him?
Great news. Quite right. Lots of people forgetting the search for justice that his parents went on. Not just your average murder and right it’s commemorated
Racism and bigotry dwell in the vacuum of a lonely soul...
They would honour Stephen better by arresting those horrible bastards who murdered him surely.
I take it we are having a national commemoration for each young person who has died. (No need to state religion colour gender etc)
A lot of triggered racists - good stuff!
What about, what about, what about blah blah blah
What about Lee rugby doesn’t he deserve the same or has he been forgotten about
He’s been kicked into touch
The country has gone stark raving mad
Why? Sadly, many people have been murdered since. All deserve remembrance.
I can't do that day as it clashes with International Mother Earth Day which is far more important #StephenLawrenceDay
David Clapson Day, to be held the day before any general election just to remind everybody what happens if you vote tory.
Excellent
Why? No disrespect to the poor lad, but a "national day"? Presumably the Lee Rigby day will be the 24th eh? Just as horrific!
You can remember him on Remembrance Day, like everyone else.
You're missing the point.
No, you are mate.
I'm not wanting a 'national day' for anyone! That's my point.
Lawrence has become a symbol and so he should. Systematic neglect and abuse of duty should be highlighted and remembered.
Why not a Commemoration of girls raped by muslim grooming gangs day
Where will it end? Young men are stabbed to death in London daily nowadays! What this day is for is to cover up the cracks in our justice system, police corruption, and all the mums grieving for dead sons in London now!
Ffs let the kid rest in peace will yas!
He died years ago. There have been hundreds of other murders, how about commemorating some of them too?!
@10DowningStreet how about a Victims of Grenfell Memorial Day, remember them ?
More pandering to militant minority groups. May is simply trying to suck up due to the windrush fiasco. This 'Tory' government is increasingly acting like a New Labour one.
Putting him on a par with all those killed in war.

Putting him on a par with the entire trade union movement.

Putting him above the suffragettes.

Are we sure we're not over doing it.
What a joke
Why is he any different to any other murder victim
Pretty sure May has only announced this because Stephen Lawrence was black.
What about all the other people who’ve been stabbed recently? Or do they not count
It's not comparable. Stephen was denied justice because the police were institutionally racist. Not sure there should be a day about it but other stabbings aren't the same.
What about a Kriss Donald Day? The poor lad never gets a mention, I wonder why?
Because the police didn't take almost 20 years to secure a conviction against any of his killers.
Then the inadequacies is the police should be remembered.

How many national days have we had for other clusterfucks? None.
Yes, I agree with you, actually.
It was a purely racist attack and his legacy should be a reminder to us all that we all are human beings regardless of race or religion
I have to say this country has gone mad.
Bank holiday next year then!!! 
That's the wind rush generation appeased then #stephenlawrenceday
Oh Christ...so embarrassing!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murders_of_Nicola_Hughes_and_Fiona_Bone … where the commemorative day for these 2? So many lives lost but this one is special because?
Yet another political own goal. What on earth will they do next to try and win votes!!? 
How about a Kris Donald day, or was he the wrong type of victim ?

Why?  There's been countless people murdered since his.                  
A young black man is murdered by racists:

His mum made a baroness
Centres opened in his name
A memorial laid where he died
A national day created for him

A young white man is killed by Islamic thugs:

A memorial statue denied to his family
A temporary shrine removed
That's it
If you don't get it now you never will.
when is the day of respect for the thousands victims of grooming gangs?
Why? What about everyone else who has been murdered? Sure it was terrible but really! It can also be argued that the repercussions have neutered the Police in dealing with crime objectively. This is purely playing for PC points.
So we're having a national day to commemorate the fact we had a racist police force back in the day.. congratulations. And today was St. George's day, and it passed hardly without a mention, fucking joke !
@theresa_may Call me a cynic but I trust that you are not using this as a smokescreen for your handling of the Windrush issue.
Is it still April 1st.
No secret what the headlines will be in the Guardian tomorrow.
PM desperate for a way to buy votes.
Or is it because they want to stop the Lawrence family from investigating further? Worried? The Tories are clearly trying to cover up their racist ways. Too many questions about this sudden idea. Cover up, smoke screen! Investigate further, lock up the other 3!!!
Sad though his death was are we going to have memorial days for everyone murdered that would be everyday
This is amazing news - finally a day worth commemorating.
PC bollocks.
Kriss Donald Day !!!!

15yr old Rangers Fan Kriss Donald from Glasgow , U.K

Kidnapped , Stabbed & Burned to Death by Racist Pakistani Gang , Imran Shahid, Zeeshan Shahid & Mohammed Mushtaq

15th March 

Kriss Donald Day !!!
You miss the point!
This is just ridiculous , nothing for lee rigby , nothing for pc blakelock no natipnal holiday for st George's day! This country has lost it's greatness and it's mind 
Yeah I'll bet you still vote Tory
Prime Minister,and royal family commemorating a murdered London teenager,is this going to be an everyday occurrence now then
What about a day to commemorate Lee Rigby, doesn't he count? And in the name of justice, who's shouting out for all the girls who've been abused/raped in most major cities? Maybe it's not PC to mention so turn a blind eye from fear of upsetting those who commit the crime?
70 recommendations  where made in The Macpherson report n 67 of those led to changes in practices - made things better for ethnic minorities atleast on paper by law. N this man lost his life which led to that change, so stop crying u fools. Send prayers to all those have gone.
Big deal, we could have several of those every day of the week.
Although thoughtful, this seems to be pandering to race. What about PCW Yvonne Fletcher killed in the line of duty outside the Libyan Embassy in the 1980's. The list of the deserving is probbably endless. How and where do we include them in the annual remembrance list.
Racist day
Why ffs?
Lol we are now having a yearly Memorial Day for a drug dealer....? Fuck my life.
This is not right. A young man murdered and you give him a day that we will all remember how the British police failed him, and the government? Its not justice. Tories trying to say they aren't racist? Too little too late
He was a drug dealer. He chose the path to walk down. It didn’t end well. No sympathy.
HAPPY STEPHEN LAWRENCE DAY Y'ALL!
#stephenlawrenceday Kneejerk AND patronising. Nice
#stephenlawrenceday An annual reminder of Police corruption.
You mean there's currently a single day in each year when we don't get our compulsory spoonful of this story? Let me know when it is, I could do with a bit of respite. Is there an annual Uncharacteristic Silence from Baroness Doreen Day planned, too?
I think Stephen and many others could have a memorial garden of some kind where all families can go to. There are many tragic murders not just one. We want mandatory full life imprisonment of murderers and not 20 years out in 15 etc!!!
When you say ‘many others’ do you mean other drug dealers like him? As I don’t think that’s a good idea for tax payers money.
Grossly unfair to other parents who have had their child taken from them, some such as little April Jones didn't get her back at all! 
Totally wrong to pick out one!
Try getting your facts right .......ah I see you’re a vegan that gives you no credibility on any matter. Back to your safe space snowflake.
As a Hungarian seeing what’s happening in this country I,m sorry to say that your country is lost,you all better sell your homes and move in the sunny Spain,eventually this island will sink from the weight of the garbage.
no quite happy here thank you
What absolute Bullshit.
Ppl confused why Stephen Lawrence Day n why disregard to others. Well the Stephen Lawrence case was one that really highlighted the problem of racism within police, justice system. There was the Macpherson report in the aftermath which actually changed law within 2 yrs of pub.
He was a drug dealer. These facts always get buried. He was no saint and definitely doesn’t deserve a day to remember him!
I’ actually studied his case in my second year of university and I studied it thoroughly. He was no drug dealer and even if he was it has nothing to do with what happened to him, what a dumb thing to say. Think before u speak.
Of course it has everything to do with it!! The fact you think it doesn’t means an intelligent debate with you is out of the question. Need to get in the real world.
You keep your self proclaimed intelligence to yourself mate cause i am not in no mood to debate with u. Ur defo not on my level n never will be now get out my tweets.
May as well call the Royal baby Prince Stephen Lawrence.
WTF ..... what about all the other young adults that have been murdered tgrough time.... Disgraceful.....

Very sad about Stephen Lawerence murder but this case does not warrant a special day in my opinion. What about all the other good decent people who have been victims of hate crime in all its various forms?
Thank you, @Theresa_May & people like @DavidLammy, @Charles_HRH are great Brits, who will pursue the highest standard of GOD's justice.  The world's GREATEST colonizer must continue to right wrongs! Spirit of Wycliffe, Cranmer, Wilbur, Sharp etc  & JESUS lives over GBR! Unite GBR
We don't even celebrate st George's day
Please tell me this is a fucking joke.
This is beyond a joke now, what next a sainthood?
Here we go....
Stephen Lawrence Day......Damilola Taylor Day, Madeleine Macann Day, Hillsborough Day.....
Madeline McCann day
What about a day for PC Keith Blakelock?
Wrong colour
