Next time your in the isle and you hear the beep.......
@Deco_Baker @Sam_Lewis_ GAY. ORANGE. TURD.
Jake, if no one has told you- this is immature. He has family that loves him unconditionally. Be kind always 
Person, if no one has told you the tweet you are replying to was a quote from Come Fly With Me which Dale was involved in for an episode.
Person, there’s a place and time for inappropriate quotes.
Person, as long as it isn't a show he has said he didn't like working on then all quotes are simply a celebration of his work.
If you read the tweet again, you might understand why some might find the tweet offensive and derogatory. Not the sort of language you use during a bereavement!
Aww, sad news. What a lovely guy he always seemed to be. But WHAT is with these sarcastic comments such as ‘I hope he recovers’, ‘I hope he’s ok’ etc 
Some people think that’s funny - #notfunny
They are not worth talking about 
100% agree
Poor man such a sweet character 
I knew #DaleWinton when he'd started as a UBN Radio DJ. His Mum had just died & though he was raw, his soul shone through. I initially didn't recognise him when he became a TV star, he had blossomed so completely. RIP Dale, love, Little Debbie.
Jesus
No, Dale mate, Dale is his name.
This may not bother some of the nasty people who are making nasty tweets, but you could have some respect. I don’t see what you people get out of making stupid horrible remarks when people die!
Never heard of the guy
I hope he’s ok

R.I.P. Dale!   You died too young!    
(You will be remembered with affection always)   Condolences to family and friends 
You are the bologna broadcasting center that sold out to the globalist, you have no value
@Kerryhaf86 This is a real shame  I know how much we both love Supermarket Sweep. Xx
Was so looking forward to it coming back Aswel  xx
There was some episodes on Sky Challenge a while back but I think they were possibly old ones  xx
Aye they’re old ones xx
 Xx
Condolences @ADubya3
oh no.................
Sad news about Dale Winton R.I.P
Why is everyone dying.
why is this breaking news
Bloody hell.  How sad. Bloody loved Supermarket Sweep.  RIP Dale.
Dead now
Is he? Didn't know.
Read the news! Dead
Dude. RSVP and RIP are not the same you massive cake sniffer.
So sad to hear the news of dale winton lovely man nice man sadly missed my condolences to his family. X
No, really!
Surprised
Yes. I’m not even a fan. Just very surprised.

No hes not. Dales now an angel. RIP Dale
Sorry Gif was aimed at you, princess 
Am I a Princess? These trolls arent nice Alby. Its sick. Theyd soon squeal outrage if it was one their own.


Well there's Lidl we can do now, I guess you just got to come to terms that we Aldi one day, his Target was simple, to make the least confessions in the Booths, his Waitrose and his health deteriorated after his flight to Iceland. His favourite food was Heron.
Next headline will be all tanning salons have gone out of business
Lovely man. Very sad news
R .I.P Dale.
Why are you retweeting this? It isn't attempting to stir up racial tension. Get back to your job.
Aw well fuck me
Wanker decided to die before you got the chance to ask him what aisle the tents  are located @HussainE16
Hahahaha.
Wouldn't really want him to follow me to the tent aisle.
Was looking forward to in it to win it. Rip
May his soul rest in perfect peace.Amen!
So very sad sleep peacefully dale xxxx

وثائق مدفوعات بريطانيا إلى مؤسس الدولة #السعودية التي تعرضها #مكتبة_قطر_الوطنية بالتعاون مع المكتبة البريطانية.
ما تعليق دارة الملك عبدالعزيز؟ 
@QNLib @Darahfoundation 
…
R. I.P Dale 
What a lovely man I loved him on supermarket sweep he’ll be sadly missed by many including myself
Unexpected and very sad - hadn't heard he had been ill!
Sad loss. So many people who knew him are expressing their sadness for a lovely man.
Rest in peace Dale! He was such a talented man and will always be remembered for his charismatic charm.  
RiP.
Supermarket Sweep, off the wall bonkers. The world would be a dull place without folk like Dale 
R.I.P true entertainer 
A great shock. Only 62. Wonderful person. Will be sadly missed.
Aw such sad news he was always a smiley happy guy RIP
RIP
How sad r.i.p Dale
So sad r I p dale winton.
RIP
How very sad, seemed a truly nice guy
Seemed a lovely person, warmed the screen and made me smile.
Oh no. Great people person who made each show he did his own. This news has  certainly taken the sunshine out of my day. @DaleWinton_UK will be missed as a presenter we looked forward to seeing on any show he was doing
Yaah hoping Mo Salah will score
Very sad news, gone too young. R.I.P Dale.

Such a shame, too young to go :(
Rip
“When you hear the beep”....it will be a constant tone.
You terrible man! 
Yikes
@grantbuckley 
good riddance, probably aids
RIP lovely man a great loss :(
Such a young age - too sad.
What a shock, love him so much on TV always wanted to meet him 

Sad
Well i for one won't be shedding any tears. Not a homophobic rant, i just couldn't stand that camp supercilious grin.
Omg so sad RIP Dale 

I agree nice fellow and too young
#RIP #DaleWinton sad one mum's favourite hosts sincere condolences to all who hold him dear !!
Omfg No!!!!!!!!! I loved that show!!!!!!! WTF

Very sad news.
RIP loved Supermarket Sweep.
RIP Dale. One of the good guys on tele.
RIP
Why is the top news item on the site, surely windrush story and nhs etc is far more important and the government defeat in the lords.
Talk about bias
@bblarsen1

How the hell was he 62?  University TV at it's best or worst but always tanned.  RIP Dale.
Oh no......
He was a sweet fellow. May soul rest in peace
Such a lovely man, gave so much for others. So often the way, fighting his own  personal demons. RIP - and thank you for the laughs and happiness you gave to others.
That’s a bummer he’s a nice guy
His best show, gonna miss em.
Used to like him on the lottery game show on sat nite
Actually... I am gobsmacked. The shows were not really my cup of tea but I really respected the way he applied himself to the business - even way back to those Supermarket Sweep’ shows. Sad. Sad. Sad.
RIP Dale Winton sad always seemed a lovely fella thinking of his family and friends
Such sad news ,sincere condolences to his family and friends
Aww. I used to love that show. Rip Dale.
Professional tv personality as with everyone not without his faults but the one thing that came across was he did actually seem to care.
Very sad him pass way RIP
Such sad news he was a truly lovely guy RIP Dale
So sad
@thefoolrobins gutted.
It’s light entertainment carnage.
So sad. #RIPDaleWinton
I know very sad news Angela.
So sad. Thoughts are with his family.
AIDS?
Rest in peace
Of course this was more important than the governments defeat in HOL.
Very sad news - condolences
We'll see what God has to say to him.
It'll be no supermarket where he is going, but it will be super hot in the fires that have been so beautifully prepared for those who chose their vile, sinful lifestyle. 
God is clear in HIS WORD.
Homosexuals WILL NOT enter heaven. HELL, YES!
RIP Dale, a family fav on lottery and other game shows, a genius and genuine guy...the world is a smaller place without you... 
Very sad, had the pleasure of meeting dale, he was a real gentleman RIP xx
Memories of late night Radio Trent in the late 70s.  Dale Winton and Steve Merrick??
RIP - super man - loved Supermarket Sweep!!!! X
@danjrawley Can’t believe it
My eyels are going wild 
what did he die of?
Such a loss  rip Dale xx
Very sad news RIP
Considering the BBC employed Dale for a number of programmes, you'd think you'd know he didn't present Family Fortunes 
Aww very sad news to hear. Such a lovely kind man with a heart of gold. My condolences to his family and friends. RIP Dale 
Very sad Rip Dale 
goodbye Dale Winton 
A real shame,one of tv's nice guys RIP
Minor issue but Dale Winton did not host ‘Family Fortunes’. And that error was just broadcast on BBC News. Please correct this.
I am so sad at this - because he seemed so gentle. It seems so unfair when "harmless" people die (which is, I know, absurd). How sad!
I bet He wasn't gentle if you were a rent boy....lol
Ahh he was a really nice guy . That’s sad
Guy was a legend  
Oh no! What a lovely guy!  RIP Dale 
RIP Dale Winton
Getting mad now. Dale, Bruce, Keith Chegwin, what's going on up there? Sad 
So sad 
Very sad
Oh bless him. RIP Dale loved Who Dares Wins xx
Sad sad
freaky !!! not mentioned supermarket sweep for years til yday n now he’s dead
You two killed him by mentioning it
fs don’t want that guilt
How the hello do you mix up Les Dennis and Dale Winton you plebs? Dale never presented Family Fortunes!
A lovely man gone.
So sad. Such a lovely person. So entertaining. He will be missed
@lisa_cassidy92  
Bae 
Express checkout....
Oh my god. Is this honestly true. If so. RIP. I remember supermarket sweep loved watching that show. My thoughts are with his family and friends.
I'm shocked
He’s with Cilla now
That’s sad. I liked Dale
Daytime TV whilst growing up.... the one game show I always wanted to appear on so sad #DaleWinton #supermarketsweep
RIP Dale Winton x
Rip
RIP Dale. I hope you’ve found peace 
RIP Dale, watched so much supermarket sweep when I should have been in lectures! Great man!
RIP dale. Thank you for presenting  super market sweep, the show what inspired me to run round ASDA like a maniac. 
Sad news about Dale Winton. Supermarket sweep was classic TV. Dale had many guys and girls up his isle during Supermarket Sweep and they all loved it, and so did he. RIP.
RIP Dale
"Gay. Orange. Turd"
Bit homophobic
Quote from Come Fly With Me mate
Rest in peace lovely fellow.
He was basically on borrowed time, last time he did the lottery show he looked like he'd ingested half of Columbia in the green room
Oh no!!! RIP Dale x
What sad news. He always came across as such a lovely, caring & genuine man. Gone too soon. Thinking of his family & friends at this sad time.
Bummed to death #bumrushed
get well soon dale
Rip
Holy shit
In shock, very sad news. RIP Dale Winton :( Everyone remembers him for doing Supermarket Sweep and others. One that's up there going off a memory Harry Hill's TV Burp quote BRING ON THE WALL!!! 
No way, how was Dale Wilton only 62? RIP #SunTanSuperman
RIP Dale, fly high and light the sky with cilla and the crew. Good night god bless.
Oh my God!!   #RIPDaleWinton  
Shocking... 
What?
Supermarket weep

 such sad news
Just think of the fun you could be having when you hear the beep on supermarket sweep!
This is right behind the actor of Night Court @ 60.  
His lottery show on a Saturday night was literally my childhood #RIPDale 
what an absolute ledge.
Very sad news, very young, and always a warm and funny personality on TV.
So sad x RIP x
RIP Dale. Always seemed a very genuine and nice guy.
Just ran into tesco, grabbed an armful of stuff and ran out chased by security. I feel like it's what he would have wanted.
That is so sad, he was brilliant... 
@CarystherrnX
. #ripdalewinton Used to be on TV all the time when I was a kid. I still imagine having an unlimited food budget to race round a supermarket.
Sorry to hear that.
@94jackstan  rrrrrr its true jack 

This is indeed some sad news.
Such sad news RIP 
RIP 
