Unlucky for some

So Friday the 13th really is bad luck. 
My thoughts are with you UK.
We don’t want him!! Go away!
I’m ready to welcome him with open arms
Trump: *Plans to visit UK.*
UK: "Wow don't expose us to different opinions, you'll hurt our feelings."
#trumpvisit
We’ve been plenty exposed to his ‘opinions’. We find them vile and hateful, and the vast majority of us do not want him here.
Emily, when you say, "The vast majority of us don't want him here", to who are you referring?
The vast majority of the British population, Roger. I thought that was pretty obvious - but I know you didn’t really want an answer, you’re just trying to be clever & contrary, with a side of patronising. Again - look at the numbers. You’re in the minority. Thankfully.
What numbers?
I have now checked the numbers. 49% think he should come, 36% think the visit should be cancelled and 15% don't know. Seems like you are wrong in everything you say.
She removed her tweets 
Friday the 13th really is a cursed day wow haven’t we gone through enough
Only in America, a lot of other places see it as good luck! 
Not us, and definitely not now!
doesn't the date tell you something?
Theresa May is spineless
Mr Trump is most welcome. He has been a breath of fresh air for USA & is a far superior president than his predecessor. 
Of course Friday the13 ....(chainsaw whirring in the background)
Presumably he will make a flying visit,before another rendez-vous with his current bromance partner...Emmanuel Macron in Paris for Bastille Day on July 14!
Yes. I personally won't be here or anywhere near london to see this. What happens, happens. It is a part of life. The Americans are yet dragging USAF and british troops into something that is yet started by the Americans.
What part is he going to visit?
@UNISONorg are we protesting?
All the whining protesters. Where were you when King Salman visited or President Xi, the Kuwait guy?
I was protesting
Where were you?
They don't concern me, these countries are vital for trade. The double standards of people who will protest Trump but not them is ridiculous
What double standards?
I told you, I was protesting, not sitting on the sofa like you mate
I'm not on about you, I'm on about the majority of people who will be protesting Trump didn't protest the aforementioned people
Do you personally KNOW that none of the people you mentioned protested or not?
No you don't
Apparently there's going to be over a million people protesting Trump. For the others there was nowhere near that number
Don't worry about it
It's clearly not your business is it?
All these people wanting to throw things and protest at trump.... It's got fuck all to do with us how he runs his country....
Yes it does
No it doesn't, how you come to that conclusion?
Now I'm blocking you because you'll have nothing of any interest to say
Cheerio
Deep joy ! ;0
Friday The Thirteenth... The remake... *starring* Donald Trump #ScaryMovie
Don't like him, he's a racist bigot, and has a very unhealthy attitude towards women.having said that, the yanks voted him in, so we have to accept that he will visit us, and demo's won't endear him to favouring us when it comes to trade agreements
@spottedBevsta ITS HAPPENING
I’m so ready to protest
I thought you lefties were all for open borders?
Oh joy
why???
Ah ah . Give the BBC time to make up some more stories  . Eh .
Let’s all follow him with bells...
Better idea...
I think thousands should go and stand with their backs to him in total silence, not a peep out of anyone.
Welcome Trump 
Yes we do we want him as our leader
Nah. We really don’t. He’s tanking his own country, and May is already doing her damndest to drag us down to his level.
We?? Don't you mean just you? 
Nope. Look at the comments, flower. He’s overwhelmingly despised.
still only covers a couple hundred people.
Thing is most people don't mind it's only the ones who want to stamp their feet in protest . We in the UK have welcomed much worse for visits. bet you never stamped your feet for them 
didn't you get denied last time? what changed?
#trumpvisit as welcome as a fart in a spacesuit.
Just tell Trump he accidentally landed in Barcelona (he'll think it's a real country) and that he needs to head north. Tell him to hurry as a huge parade is waiting for him and he'll be off in a flash! Whew! crisis averted.
Great news, just ignore the snowflakes Donald
Yes let’s all get outraged at Trump visiting. But...let’s not say a word when it’s Mugabe, the Saudis or Kuwaitis....because obviously he’s much worse than them....
Blimey .....everyone wants to visit The Tall Ships Races in Sunderland 2018! @TallShipsSund #Wearonboard
Maybe @POTUS might make a fleeting visit, if he has time. Do hope so! 
#TallShipsSunderland x
#Wearonboard x
I predict a riot. Don't let me down Britain.
Yes violence is a hallmark of the left, thanks for the confirmation buddy.
Pretty sure the right are the warmongers, but nice try.
Sure they are, but the 100+ million dead people who died at the hands of left wing governments during the 20th century vehemently disagree with you.  Mao, Stalin, Lenin, Pol Pot, Castro....all left wing all mass murderers. Your track record sucks dude.
Both extreme right and left have caused much death in their extreme forms throughout history. In the current context, the right is the side actually killing people. Or did you think Islamic extremists are on the left of the spectrum?
Dont try to use logic with a trump supporter they have little to spare
It is about time they realise with whom they share their mindset.
Can't you read @realDonaldTrump ?
Says who? 800,000 people and a few more on twitter? Rather than try and ban somebody who you feel doesn’t represent you or a society you desire, why not peacefully protest? Or even better, pursue dialogue and encourage people to use the opportunity to question him on his beliefs.
for what reason? he's not your president, so thats not a protest. Is it worth not having any diplomatic visits from america for the next 3-7 years just because you don't like trump?
I haven’t said I don’t like Donald Trump anywhere..
Tell him not to bother! #DonaldJTrump
Couldn’t do any other day huh?
Not normally too wary of Friday 13th but...........
BREAKING: Leaders of two long term allied countries to meet.
They have met a few times just not on British soil, he is not welcome!
He is very welcome
Aye right that's why it's taken nearly two years to arrange the visit?! 
Welcome by me, might have to go down to London and meet some liberals ^_^
Why are you welcoming a world leader who clearly had the mental age of a todler?! Did you hear his interview on Fox this morning?  And you don't have to be liberal of left to hate Trump, you just have to be human.
Because I'm not a sheep who worships MSM and I see the great benefits he's bringing to the USA
Also if you think Main Stream Media is left - leaning, especially in the UK where the likes of the Daily Mail and the Sun pedel downright lies to meet their right leaning agenda, then you're the sheep.
So little time, so many bottles of piss to stockpile.
Our deepest apologies to the UK.
Shove your apology
Shove this!
He’s had our back with Russia’s funny business and Chinese business imprudence. People should pipe down imo!
Don't be daft
He waste high in Russian funny business!
IIRC the US expelled more Russian diplomats than any other nation in a direct response to the Skripl incident.
So?
He had to make it look good didn't he?
You seem to not follow current affairs, Mueller investigation mean anything to you?
I’m not against protesting Trump’s disgraces and I certainly don’t believe he is without a line of faults. But I do believe any visiting statesman who has supported Britain deserves some respect.
Don't bother with anymore of your Trump cheerleading towards me, thanks
It seems you wish to spout your own views but are against listening to mine. This is why I feel people should pipe down - Some are too gung-ho in their wish to protest his visit, without considering the wider picture.
You can say what you want
I'm simply not interested
On behalf of the Uk. We respectfully decline your visit. We however, pass this onto those in the Antarctic.


Will give us a chance to tell him he’s a twat in person great news
Like bbc question time said last night. People need to grow up and accept he is the president of the US and wasth brexit around the corner we need a visit from him to try and set up trade deals. People can protest if they disagree with him but we need this man as sad as it is.
why is there so many Friday 13....good day for American war monger to join May another war monger, humanitarian bombing... Why are these people not in prison...
Can he take Katie Hopkins and Nigel Fromage back with him
Unlucky for some!
Friday 13th? 
A new Hadrians wall is being erected around Scotland to keep him out...
Oh Britain. Raise hell.
Omg! The date is perfect 
As the leader of our closest ally you are welcome to the UK anytime Donald. I hope the fascist left wingers do not use this as an opportunity to cause violence and damage to London and elsewhere.
As though it's not bad enough that it's Friday 13th.
c u r s e d
Jesus there's enough crap  in this country without inviting that toad  to visit 
Anyone know where to place to a giant shit-throwing trebuchet to be within 250 yards?  Asking for a friend.
Friday the 13th?? Beware #UK people His visit could be inauspicious, not to mention the date adding allure to it
So nice of Trump to forewarn the Brits. Can’t help but laugh over the implications of the chosen day/date. This can’t go anywhere but down.
Youre not well mate.. Please seek medical help.. You live on an island that has nothing to do with the modern world.. A throwback to the imperial ideals.. This snowflake would smash you to pieces. Literally eat you alive...verbally and physically
Good

If he is not under subpoena by Robert Moeller, under arrest, or in a straight-jacket in some institution for the mentally ill.
IF THE UK HAS DECIDED TO EXIT THE EU POTUS NEEDS TO BE KEPT ON SIDE 
Unlucky for some.
Terrible tragedy for the UK. I offer my condolences
Those of us who are sane in the US apologize to you brits. We are so sorry you will be subjected to @realDonaldTrump stupidity and lies.
Is Trump really going to U.K. on Friday the 13th?
Re: @realDonaldTrump visiting London on July 13 weekend. He better not interfere with #England in #WorldCup2018 final!!
I hadn’t realised that. Probably hoping too many people caught up in it to bother protesting him. 
Well, that's ominous ...
Friday 13th not a lucky day .  Expect protesters on streets of London .

Ah, look at the cute echo chamber here. People shouldn't be allowed to vote until they're 30.
Tell Don to stay home.
Can he fix TSBs website?
Please don't go.  You will just embarrass us.  Send your wife.
Give her asylum... Although the Brexiters won't want another Eastern European
Propitious date for a visit from The Dark Side
MONSTER TRUMP WILL ARRIVE ON FRI 13TH JULY TO THE BIGGEST PROTESTS U.K HAVE EVER SEEN
Protest trump, he deserves to be protested! Trump promotes hate and fascism
Let's hope the air traffic controllers are on strike.
And a Friday night as well. They'll be no misinterpreting the message, even for a deluded, self-obssessed, liar such as him. He's going to get a reception like no other.
Fri 13th, what can possibly go wrong
Maybe he’ll be gone by then. Very apt date for a visit by the devil incarnate.
Friday 13th. Of course, that has to be the day. What could possibly go wrong?
I hope they arrest him.
need pray
Friday 13th .... that in its self tells what can happen.
#moonhim
Welcome Mr Trump
Does it have to be Friday 13th, feel like that's an accident waiting to happen. How about Thursday 12th? Sounds safer.
I'm so sorry Great Britain.
Just would like to say to our friends across the pond,  He does not represent all of #America. Sending apologies in advance 
Blonde, wispy wigs at the ready folks!
As I told my friend, coming out of the EU does not mean picking the country up and moving it so no one can find it. 
But that now seems like a very good idea 

Thank fuck I’ll be out of the country then
As a Canadian, I have always been a royalist. If the UK decides that the Queen will host DY, I will fight tooth and nail to expunge the Queen as head of state in Canada!
Friday the 13th
Hello America, Britain and the World. Won't you know it, Trump and his Everglade Crawlers' of Despots have set July, Friday the 13th 2018 as the date Trump will be visiting London, England. The Whole World should make it a Real Friday the 13th for Trump & Co.
Hopefully something "bad" will happen to him. Wouldn't be hilarious if he falls getting on or off the plane, falls down the stairs & breaks something? 
Empty streets would have more of a impact then protesting with your banners, which you then throw on the floor for the council to clean up, thus leaving the police budget alone.
Sorry UK
Either don't turn up or just turn your back in silence. Anything else will feed his ego
Turn up with backs turned would be perfect, no signs, just a sea of backs.
Friday 13; v appropriate. Bound to go all wrong....
Whaaaaaat !?
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump don’t bother
Friday 13th, coincidence?

And for a few short moments the UK will contain an even bigger political bell end.
Friday the 13th... unlucky for some....I wonder who?
We don't want him here.
Yes we do. You don't. Don't speak for the whole country. He is welcome as the head of state to out me closet ally
Friday 13, what a day???
You can keep him.
Somebody call James Bond
Well HE IS NOT WELCOME
Damn... is that the surprise for my birthday! (My birthday is actually on the Friday 13th july)

Please, please give him the welcome he so justly deserves.
Grow up. Just because he wants to protect his nation for extremists doesn't mean he is a racist
Looking forward to someone egging him

on?
UKD  SAID  BEFORE  MR  DONALD  TRUMP  IS  NOT  WELCOME   TO .VISITE  LONDON .WHY..THEY  CHANGE  WERE  IS  THE  POINT  THEY  MAKE  CENT
Even the animals are ready.
Ban him from comming the vile man ..is an insult to.the office of president....#no state vist
Brilliant news and long overdue
About bloody time 
Friday 13th, unlucky from some 
oh, I'm so sorry
That’s a movie 
How unlucky
Donald is the real Jason
Best date ever to welcome Trump to Britain! 
Please no my bd
Surely that is an omen, oops I am not superstitious!
Well we can always be hopeful that Friday 13th will keep with tradition and something very bad will happen to @realDonaldTrump!!!  
Oh dear lol i look forward to seeing how disrespectful he conducts himself should be entertaining at the very least
On Friday the 13th joy of joys.
Like him or loathe him he's still president of the USA and therefore deserves a visit. Demonstrations are pointless and will probably just get people hurt thanks to the thug element that always attend.....

If we distract him whilst he's here then it gives the US chance to change the locks on the White House. We can't keep him though, I'm allergic to angry apricots. He could go in a shelter until we find him a forever home. Maybe Russia.
Lets get that wall up nowwww
my condolences
oooh, Fri 13th #trumpvisit #TrumpUKVisit must be about time we had a Mexican street festival? In fact we could take the opportunity to apologise properly to the British families who have been threatened with deportation and have a massive multicultural jamboree. #neighbours
Just another chance to embarrass the American people with his behavior.
Sorry. Washing my hair.
Actually. Wouldn’t it be lovely if absolutely no one turned up.
I'm ready
Joy 
Friday 13th?
Erm a raccoon came in...
Dislike
The Present visit will be a a very brilliant step towards peace in the entire world.
Protest him! He will hate it! We don’t want the scum bag here
Im concerned as to why anyone gives a crap. Its happening and you cant do nowt about it. Time to get off the sofas and start voting. We might be able to bugger the cons off then.
They’ll never let him back if he comes over here 
I’ll be in Germany  there is a god. @TheTweetOfGod ( soz for ever doubting )
The joke practically writes itself
Some coincidence! Friday 13th & @realDonaldTrump comes to UK. One hell of an unlucky day for this country!
Feel free to keep him.
It’s gonna be a Friday the 13th... just let the universe do its thing
Ewwww
I thought you all banned him? Now you're letting him in? Why? His vile hatred spreads. Don't let him in!
No thank you! Goodbye
Friday 13 UK I knw y'all ready
May has reacted to the Macron-Trump love-in #awkward
Meh he will resign before then

Just ignore the c*nt. will annoy him more.
Will be cancelled...Trump trying to divert from Merkel visit
Is this because Theresa got jealous seeing him with the French president!
@CNN @realDonaldTrump What is Trump going to do?  Televise his meeting with the UK from his jail cell?  President wanabe is an national disgrace.
Please sign the petition we do not want this MORON in Britain...
Tell him we’re no in!
oh this is gonna be fun 
Well that'll spoil my birthday having that oaf in the country! 

I can now believe that Friday 13th is unlucky!
please keep him
About time too
nooooo. i’ll be on holiday and won’t be able to protest by egging his car :(((
How symbolic would Windsor Castle be? Audience with the Queen ?
No doubt rentamob will be out in force while the people who pay for everything will be at work. Notice the French had the brains to understand trade with US is vital to economy
Actually I checked and it turns out Britain's busy that day  maybe another time?
Wonder if his wife will ask for asylum? 
LOL
Lock up your daughters 
But will it be Trump or Pence by then? Mueller clock is ticking... @realDonaldTrump
Friday the 13th. 
English!  You’re welcome 
Friday the 13th. What can go wrong? 
Can you keep him?? Please??? #takeonefortheteam #loveBrits 
Plenty of time to plan the biggest ever demonstrations!?
Total knob jockey
I will make sure Im not in 
Friday the 13th.    Ominous?
