lol as long as trump's pentagon says it, it must be true..
Hardly.

Trump gave them 3 days notice to get all their materials and equipment out if there.

They hit empty buildings just as they hit empty hangars last year. 

#WagTheDog
I was being sarcastic - Trump's playing mind games as he always has. Obviously he didn't hit anything.
Quite apt that  on the day of the #GrandNational2018 at #Aintree that @theresa_may gambles away what could have been used for free school meals on bombing innocnent children
Are you a school worker Alex? If not, you have no fucking idea pal
103 Missiles = £73 Million approximately 
That’s a crazy amount man.


Ass with ears...
Ya right! They would keep their weapons out in the open so that they can be struck! That too with prior warnings earlier in the week! Really!? How convenient!

The biggest concern now should be what will Russia do next - dangerous times ahead
It's all staged. Remember Iraq for weapon mass destruction?
I remember that.  I also remember Saddam gassing the Kurds and invading Kuwait.
Stop the shit! There's always an execuse for looting others'resources
What the air strikes set back for years is the respect for the rule of law and the value of legal process.
Years? Didn't they say that the last tim? 12 months ago.
Come on BBC we are not stupid just drop the propaganda
If that is so, why haven't they done this sooner?
Hardly.

Trump gave them 3 days notice to get all their materials and equipment out if there.

They hit empty buildings just as they hit empty hangars last year. 

#WagTheDog
Allied air Strikes WILL increase Radicalisation & encourage terrorism.
I can only imagine they've been moved, if they existed
Recall the similar EUPHORIA when the West invaded Iraq. Pained that the champions of the humanitarian rights resorted to Violence instead of peaceful solution.
Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), who arrived in the country to obtain proof of chemical weapons attack were stopped from conducting a probe into the alleged use of chemical weapons in Douma because America, France and England blew up any evidence
Why didn't we wait until the OPCW inspectors had confirmed that chemical weapons had been used ? 
The US, UK and French government are putting money and political interest before human lives, they want Assad out.
Reminiscent of Afgahistan and Iraq.
Is Iran next in line ?
What chemical weapons?
All the money that the U.S. spends on war is setting it’s infrastructure back years.
What a waste of good ammo and a good show of consolidated stupidity
If there were known to be chemical weapons  plants, why wait until people died before doing something about it?
If we want to "set Syrian chemical weapons programme back for years" why not just stop selling them chemicals to make weapons with in the first place?
That’s ok we will send them some more aid money next week 
If it's on BBC then it must be lies
Why  have they waited all of this time to set it back for years?!!! May be to give Syrian regime enough time to kill or to force gulf countries to pay for the attack 
Yeah right. They had enough time to remove the any stores and info to other premises
The investigation STARTED today folks. There is literally no evidence. Don’t like Assad as much as the next person but, we've just bombed a sovereign nation on less evidence than Tony Blair's evidence on WMDs.
So you are discounting all the previous verified attacks then, or have you just woken up?
Uh uh 'X previously stole from Y. Y’s new belonging is stolen, X is automatically guilty without evidence'? Thank god you’re not in charge of justice in this country.
What on earth was that!?
An example of your logic in action.
There were NONE . this has already be Proven . Theresa May OUT !
They already evacuated the building. what set back?
If the so call targets were producing chemical weapons then surely after striking such places it would cause explosions and contamination of surrounding areas?
Lies lies and lies.

No it won't, they used Chlorine which is freely available
i don't believe it. They were given a week to move them to a secure place. This is justification coming from the U.S. gov't.  How should I describe it? Fake news coming from the head faker!
"We successfully hit every target" - Dana White @PentagonPresSec
They lied about Iraq, they lied about Libya, they lied about Yaman, they lied about Lebanon, they lied about Iran and are lying about Syria. What RUBBISH
What are the benefits of this attack in America, France, England?
They were seen to act. All three leaders get their nationalistic followers to cheer and wave flags. People will continue to suffer and this will change nothing.
but they still have a programme which will come back - so what was achieved, actually?
I will fix your wordpress website any kind of issues. and build your personal & business website
WHO DOES MAY ANSWER TOO?
That is what George Bush and Tony Blair told us and up to date the weapons of mass destruction have not been found 
If we go to war,. Are all these women that want equal pay, going to volunteer to go to war? Or will they be made to go to war like men?
They will also destroyed any evidence and it would release chemicals into the air killing civilians living close. Smart
nonsense
No it won't - Russia will provide all the necessary materials and expertise in no time
Red line for only chemical gases??? What about the bombs they drop...where’s the red line for ALL FORMS OF WEAPONS USED FOR GENOCIDE? Should have bombed the airfields!
Parrotting what you are told by your master's Masters?
thank you bombings and endless corporate war is so very profitable. On track for the next Executive Bonus. 
But not Russia’s chemical weapons program. Or Irans.
keep spinning your fake news #bbcbias #SyriaStrikes
Is that four years or for years???
Don't they know anyone who might have some?
Pentagon expresses belief that Syria will have to return to running over ppl with bulldozers instead of using gas on them. Says this upholds high American values.
When You Fire On Chemical Weapons Stocks
It Will Not Harmful for People's lives Around?
I wish he'd said forever!
But...then this means the US won’t be able to shout “chemical weapons!!!” next time they have an itch to scratch. Lol we played ourselves.
Agree Alliance must stand firm against Russia over Syria chemical attack.
It's dtrump Theresa may will sell billions of worthy arms to middle east
Will see in a few months
You are fake news
 has the propaganda machinery already been fueled!
Well done
I just listened to a U.S. general speaking at Pentagon, he talked about what attacks did in syria. Listening to general, I got feeling he didnt beleive the bullshit, he was ordered to talk about.
No it won't because they don't have any chemical weapons programme unlike yourselves who sell it to the most reactionary force
Please post 04/14/18 interview with Daniel L Davis
Good job Britain can supply some more!!!!!
There was never such program to start with lol. Is this Iraq 2.0?
What news were welcomed !
Next big thing on the tabloids should be
"ASSAD  Quit His Job & gets his mental health examend"
Nice result, 71 out of 103 rockets were shot down with pre-historic weapons, others hit empty buildings of desolated former plants. Money to the wind!
Let’s hope for decades!!!
Just Syria's?
no they haven't
Really, who on earth believes that

God havent we been here before.what is wrong with republicans.
I expect Syria will have a queue of arms sellers forming outside their door by now. Including from US UK FR DE EU SA etc.
Lol! You lie!
1940s bbc reports:'..though the jews had long been tolerated by Islam, that tolerance did not entitle them to 'sovereignty', over islam' heartland, much like their 'co-religionists' next door straining under 'french rule' in syria. The withdrawal later if french 'levant forces',
...still left a bitter taste by syrian government.The history of U.S. foreign policy towards syria, during WWII, is marked by using other countries as 'proxy' to further basic U.S. political  goals while taking into consideration the interests if other allies towards  the Axis,ie
And western democracy back 500 years
Ok so no more chemical weapons for Assad? Great! Now the million dollars question is: what is going to be your next excuse to bomb Syria again?Thats the scary part!
No. It will set world peace back years. And that was always the plan. Set up by the BBC and the rest of the Corporate War ‘media’.
I say keep bombing them and take them.all out for good Assad as well he's the biggest problem
Bullshite
Russians and chinese will rebuild that shit in hours
Why produce it themselves when Putin has tons of the chemical in storage and ready for shipping when the money is in the acc.
Ложь

UK behind false flag chemical attack in Syria, evidence shows
https://theduran.com/uk-behind-false-flag-chemical-attack-in-syria-evidence-shows/ …
#Douma #FalseFlag 
I really hope so.
We can only hope

*yawn
Most chemical attacks in Syria use chlorine. Last night's strikes will do nothing to stop those.
Let me ask something, even if it's true and the raid destroyed all the Syrians chemical weapons!!! What about the normal weapons he use to kill his people is he allowed to do that?? Only chemical weapons are not allowed?
The only chemical weapons program is in USA
Unless Russia and Iran make some fresh deliveries.
So thats means no more chemical weapons drama...
“IF” there had been CW facilities, an *effective* airstrike would have released a toxic cloud killing tens or hundreds of thousands.  #Fake
The spirit of self destruction has taken hold of humans in Syria and other part of the world. The ultimate goal of the devil is mass destruction and he is achieving it.
Applause.. now will it be over?
Just like the runways they bombed last year that were back up and running within 48 hours?
Lies. Most were moved.
Won't be long until they're at it again
Not how you dealt with Saddam...any reasons? Cowards!!!
They’ll just buy it from Russia 
Imported from Russia, I doubt it
Just because they say it, doesn't make it true.
Russia will resupply them. They are just as guilty.
Sure they will. Just like Kerry and obama got rid of all of them before right?
What chemical weapons program? Obama and Russia removed all chemical weapons from Syria.
Well done May. Get in there.
Did they destroy all of the data too? Oh did the Syrians forget to back up the data.

Why do they, or anyone, even have a chemical weapons programe? Have we not agreed as a species that we will not use these tactics in warfare?
Set back for years? Most unlikely, back into production in weeks is the reality. Only this time with advice from a nation with real expertise in running chemical weapons programs. The US used to get "unintended consequences", no longer.
somehow i highly doubt this
Maybe target to programmers? Would make more sense and impact.
Yeah because we can TOTALLY trust the Pentagon can't we; they never lie. Given that the Syrian government didn't carry out this chemical attack, setting their 'chemical weapons programme' (sp.) back years isn't much use
Not likely
You must be proud of your propaganda. Bombing innocent people for wealth! Illegal war again! Playing with our lives! Using our money! NO ONE WANTS THIS WAR.
Why haven't you called out May for being a war criminal? #DontBombSyria #SyriaStrikes #NotInMyNameTheresaMay
All there chemical weapons were moved yesterday to Iran Syrian civilians disclosed the information...the American Britain and France airstrikes hit a civilian factory and empty hangers so a set back not in the least both Syria and Russia still have there chemical weapons in Iran
Yeah like Russia has non...
That's alright then.
Sure they will. They only had two days to clear everything out of the pre-determined and agreed strike zones. That'll have been a real surprise for them.
The #Syrian shouldn’t have any chemical weapons unless all countries involved in chemical disarmament of Syria admit they failed on their mission
Let’s hope they haven’t uploaded all that chemical weapons data to the cloud, eh? It’s not like it’s common place or anything.
Obama said they gave up their chemical weapons.
......that's because there wasn't one you cockwomble
Well did 'nt  Assad get a rid of them before ?remember when Obama  was a president so stop the crap respect intelligence
Bad for you
Won't have this a lie again
I very much doubt that. I'm pretty sure they could just buy the finished product from either Russia or North Korea.
So thats where all that WMD that Bush n Blair were on about disappeared to......in the custody of Assad.
Let me get this straight the criminals went in to stop the use of chemical weapons! And they blew up chemical weapon storage facilities! Well  surely they would have a massive cloud of chemical weapons now in Damascus! Jk Rowling couldn't write this fiction! Absolute bull
One target was a facility that makes chemical weapons they said. That would at least prevent new ones anytime soon, right?
Russia will help them rebuild it
IF there was a chemical programm it should have been reported to the OPCW instead of destroying proof and spreading baseless claims.
Once again it doesn´t end up. They lie to us again.
Lol you guys are pathetic !!!
If they knowingly just bombed a chemical production facility, then its as bad as releasing a chemical weapon due to the toxins and fumes it will release.
Instead of destroying chemical weapons programs #Assad, #Hezbollah, #Iranian sponsored other terrorists gangs must be eliminated. This will not work as #Russia will supply more weapons to #Assad gangs
Fake news.
Unless we sell him chemicals again

Even if this is true, this isn’t solving the problem, rather just postponing it. We need a better plan than just bombing them every couple of years.
Apparently this was the French proof
Sure hope so...
Bullshit false flags
Hoping before Fritz Haber time.
Unless they saved their plans on the cloud..
Great - no more either real or false flag attacks possible then.
Allied air strikes will set Syrian chemical weapons programme back for years - Pentagon https://bbc.in/2H0qKus 
Sounds like Iraq all over again.
Cant anyone get chlorine ?
LIES
Oh jeez, now the Pentagon is spouting shite too
Send the planes and Tomahawks in again.
Does this means that there will not be any reason to strike Syria for years?
Yeah ... OK
#yaAli #yaZAİNAB #yaRuqayya
I doubt it. More strikes needed and soon.
No they won’t ! Stop lying!
