Queen's sixth great-grandchild born at 11:01 BST; both families "delighted with the news"

https://bbc.in/2HS3sZ0  #royalbaby
Duke of Cambridge arrives at hospital with Prince George & Princess Charlotte following birth of their baby brother http://bbc.in/2JlAd07  #royalbaby
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge show off new son outside London hospital http://bbc.in/2JlAd07  #royalbaby
Well done
Who cares
Never been a fan of making a big deal out of a famous person having a child. We all do it. The BBC didn't report on my children's birth
Another person to live of our taxes for the rest of our lives.
THEN move if you dislike it so
No , how about they pay their own way ?
The Royal Family cost each person in the UK approx 65p a year. Is it worth having a moan given what they do for the country, what they symbolise to us as a Nation & Commonwealth & what they generate in tourism? Also, 1/3 of that taxpayers cost goes out on wages to their staff
They do bugger all, they symbolise feudalism and nepotism, and they don't generate a penny in tourism
not a single penny
Have a quick google, pick any one of the articles that come up and they’ll all tell you the same thing: they generate in excess of £1b per year.
No way a baby what’s that !!  Definitely news worthy ...... not
BREAKING NEWS: Woman has baby.
A woman who happens to be the future queen giving birth to a possible future king...
Kate won’t be Queen in the same way Phillp isn’t a King.
Philip is more powerful he manipulates the dark world of power of which u have no understanding or knowledge!
Whoppee doo big deal it's only another one that's breathing my air

You cared enough to spend the time finding a gif and posting it.
You're a subject. Act like it boy.
And you think you're not a subject?
Nope. I have a constitution, you have a queen, boy.
You are a tax record and a consumer. The corporation is your master. You just have a veneer of freedom painted on top to keep you happy. It seems to be working.
You live in a country that still has a monarchy. In 2018. Stop using Twitter, An American company.
Congratulations
So what's the fuss all about?
The Prince & the Poor.

While @RoyalFamily is rejoicing for a birth, in Liverpool an other family is fighting to keep the son alive. #AlfieEvans going to be killed because his life is "futile".
If you want to study what Social Darwinism and Eugenethics are, this is the right day.
Yes the secret unofficial government euthanasia programme is underway.
And this is newsworthy - because?
Good news for a change. Well done Kate. It’s always nice to have something happy in the news. Too much moaning going on. 
She moans...
Hmmmm....
Moaning kinda paints a rather interesting mentality picture don't you think 
On St George’s Day as well. Makes you proud to be English. 
Why?
Because St George was Turkish which makes us proud to be English. Or something.
What an utterly strange response.
Meanwhile in #alderhey doctors are trying to kill poor #alfieevans  so pls don’t expect any cartwheels from me
They are not killing him, they are removing the feeding and breathing tubes.  You would look quite silly if he continued breathing on his own, wouldn't you?
How about the injection they intend to give him to relax his body? Sounds like they’re trying really hard to save him…
so you'd prefer him to writhe? sick.
I’d prefer them to release the baby to Vatican City where they are prepared to save him
And by 'Save' you mean keep him in technically just about alive state not able to have any kind of life, but just enough to suffer agony?
Funny how all these trolls don’t have a picture of their faces to go along with their hateful opinions 
Put your address up on your profile and we'll talk some more.
Will they get universal credit?
Cograntutilionts
A new life born into the world a cause for celebration. Congratulations. It saddens me so much to see such hateful comments. If your not interested or can't bring yourself to wish them well, just scroll by.
New child is born every second, why is this one so special?
With this attitude why is anything news? Why is anything significant. We’re all just people right? Get your head out your arse CHRIS
A royal baby born on St. George’s Day AND Shakespeare’s birthday...could this be any more British?! #royalbaby
St George was an Italian.
You win. 
I can’t believe the hate in so many of these tweets! There’s so much hate in America, does it have to be spread around the world also?
Not news worthy!
Love this news x
Who cares.
Congrats 
The eldest son took the throne until Elizabeth became Queen. Her uncle Edward was childless, her Dad George became King. He had 2 daughters and no sons. Elizabeth recently changed the law so any first child takes the throne; male or female.
I love this couple .
Baldy Billy Benefitz has yet another state funded sprog...
Congratulation for having a royal great child in the future!

During this short time period one even cannot download 3 HD movies using @PTCLOfficial broadband. 
Oh God we thank you for the gift, the Royal Baby Boy. We are waiting for your name. I am very happy. Thanks.
Just a shout out to all the numpties who have both the time and inclination to wait outside for this non-event
Oku ewu omo.....  (Congratulations)of ur new born baby
Congrats from everyone at
dono ko aur kaaam kiya hey?
Congratulations on the Royal family, Kate please have more babies

It's another parasite that will never do acdats honest work in it's lifetime.
Who cares, just another Royal scrounger as far as I am concerned.
WHO CARES !!! I DON’T !!!
Great news for them but is it just me or is it sad that people would wait for weeks outside the hospital #getalife
thanks
How does she have a baby in the morning...and leave the hospital in the late afternoon... in heels??? Put her in the next Jurassic World film!
Congratulations to the Royal!
thank you
Félicitations à la famille Royale
@threadreaderapp unroll
Saluti you can read it here: Thread by @BBCBreaking: "It's a boy! Duchess of Cambridge gives birth to her third child, who is fifth in line to throne http://bbc.in/2K5D5Q  […]" #royalbaby https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/988388726408712193.html …
Enjoy :) 
all this fuss about someone having a baby
Thats good
@Gerry09471154 ! WOW! Congratulations to The Royal Family! Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Williams! #TheQueensGreenPlanet Welcoming Baby Boy! God Bless
Congratulations
How we worship the rich and privileged, not just the #royalfamily in the U.K., but also the super-rich in the USA and all over the world.
So?  Who's the Grandad??  It's not Charlie we're sure of that much!!
Good news
Please pass my congratulations to the happy Royal family, BBC. From a loyal Canadian.
Daily mail toilet has a sixteen page pull out celebrating the fact this German family has just gotten bigger..!
Nice, cute baby! 
Been said there's something this baby will never be short of...

That would be "money...!
CONGRATULATIONS TO KATE AND THE PRINCE ON THEIR NEW ARRIVAL. KATE LOOKED LIKE SUPERWOMAN IN HEELS ON THE FRONT STEPS OF THE HOSPITAL WHERE SHE JUST DELIVERED A 8LB. BABY.
Kate will only be Queen Consort not a Reigning Queen and before then we will have to suffer Charles the Adulterer and Camilla the marriage wrecker.
A monarchy that had a bright future in 1981 has gone into disrepute with the suspicious death of dear Princess Diana.
Who the hell cares when there are people living in poverty in this Country and a corrupt Government!
Hope they name him after Harry.
How exciting. I believe he resembles little Prince George at the same age.
They should call him George as he was born on St George’s day!
Congratulations.
may God be ur Guardian baby boy

She must be looking forward to a whole year’s maternity break before going back to doing nothing again!

Yawn another mouth for the taxpayer to feed....the real benefit scroungers
YEAH OKAY 'CONGRATULATIONS' #RoyalBaby #RoyalBaby3 #RoyalBabyBoy #refugeesNOTwelcome #Brexit
Who give one fuck ?
Heir and spare and more spares? How little confidence did they have in HRH Prince George becoming a serviceable King? Or just in case Scotland makes the split and on the off chance demands a separate line of monarchs?
Congratulations on your family addition! How lovely to add a new son! 
Mazel Tov!!!
.
A non event--Why so much news coverage? It will not change the country and many children in this country are being brought up poor, Families using food banks due to poverty and yet this family are laughing in the faces of the poor.
Same birthday as me and William Shakespeare
Lol i called this one as well thats 13 correct gender guesses.  My latest isn't as clear as id like tho @gabrieldrinkell  its a boy i think
Biggest welfare family
Okook nice day today happy with my own word


What about baby alfie Evans
Congratulations to Kate and William.
Please don't assign a gender to the baby. It is very offensive and downright triggering. It might grow up to identify as a tree stump.
That's enough, can we now move on with the rest of the news or are we going to have blanket coverage of this for the next week.
Ferdinand 
Slow news day then?
This royal thing surprises me a lot. I can't understand the cause of the celebrations, the "Breaking News", etc. Not being a British or even European is, perhaps, what makes me see it that way. Anyway, best wishes to everyone.
Mate I'm British and I can't understand it either.

Wonderful news about the new #royalbaby congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince George and Princess Charlotte 
Will it be allowed free school dinners?
I think it's wonderful news! It's great to be able to celebrate a new life. A lot of us in USA are embarrassed by our current heads of state. Thank you for sharing your royals with us. I love following them because there is so much bad news and the royals are like fresh air.

I trust this family will not have their already generous welfare benefits increased for their 3rd child

Damn! So harsh...and yet so extremely true! Thanks for the history-even if it's on repeat.
Thanks BBC
Artist-Tk. Haridasani INDIA-
Thank The Lord Thu God for a very safe delivery... Praise Honour and Glory to The Most High God Almighty Amen. Congratulations and God bless you all.. IJMN I pray Amen 
How so
@RoyalFamily @KensingtonRoyal @UNHCRUK To All Media , pls be inform that BBC News ,SKY, FOX and ABC are all guilty of Treason for conspiring with #DuchessKate Fake Pregnancy and Hoax Birthing of #3rdchild. KATE is a GAY/MAN without an ovary and uterus . #royalchildhoax 
#cloning
What’s the bloke’s name?
Congrats to Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the birth of their son. Best wishes to you and your family.
Congratulations!  May you babies grow and thrive in a beautiful world.  From Bensalem, PA USA
Single moms and babies on the beach.  Do clear this mess.
Wonderful.
And I’ve just farted.
5th in line? What’s the point
Hope both are fit and healthy but please please please don't drown us in royal baby tosh.
BBC BOGUS NEWS...
Yay god bless congratulations From California
Congratulations to everyone else who had a baby today.
I love you,
You love me
We're happy famaly <3

Congratulations that's wonderful
By what possible logic is woman gives birth to human ‘breaking news’? This has literally happened billions of times before. If she’d given birth to an Ostritch that would be news…
Wow so great
Another taxing burden for the British people
Well done.
Congratulations to the the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on their new son and God Bless!
Congratulations.
Headline - Woman gives birth to child! Wow, that's never happened before....oh wait... apparently it has....about 876 gazillion times. Oh dear.....next
Congratulations
Any chance we can have some news on?
You'll be lucky.
 
Congratulations
Another pointless parasite for the taxpayer to fund #royalbaby3 #royalbaby
What a sad dark world you live inside your head. A baby whether royal or not should never be called a parasite.
Congratulations to Duke and Duchess Of Cambridge, on the birth of their baby son, on this St. Georges Day.
congratulation to her and that little prince
Behold all the fucks I have to give.

None.
Congrats to the royal family
Oh boy, another spoiled brat snob!!
おめでとう
Lift up the carpet and forget your Tory friends woes.
Congratulations!
Great, I won't be watching the news or buying a paper for at least a week!! #fuckoff
Congratd
Rooty toot toot old boy
I’d like to follow a news account and be shown news, not this, thanks.
It’s frankly shameful this is considered news.
Will she be able to afford to feed it? You know she won’t get child benefit for her third.
Congratulations!  Pray for the health of the mother and new child.
BBC
Seriously... Bollox to the lot of the work shy parasites. Throw them in the shit pile.
#تثبيت موظفي البنود والعقود والمستخدمين

Breeding like Rabbits.... Why even these people from those so called "Developed States" understand the problems of Ever Growing Population ? Why 1 or 2 babies aren't enough for them ?

The graphic only counting male children is a huge problem.
Who gives a sh*t

congratulations to them
Breaking news I don’t bloody care just another bloody mouth to feed from the tax payer

ВІТАЮ!!!

Another scrounger

That’s what the world needs. Another self-entitled royal heir who excels at doing drugs and fucking supermodels
I hope all is well. Congratulations.
congratulations to them
Very happy news for the family, congratulations to them from Pakistan.
Congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the birth of their baby son 
No ones arsed
Did anyone tell them we now know what causes pregnancy?  It’s a nut allergy. Causes a severe allergic reaction with lots of swelling!  There’s now a pill you can take to prevent this specific reaction!
Congratulations
0
Does anyone care really....
Teach our kids equality, then have them bow to other humans. We should never have to bow to other people. It's like religion, nothing more than a bunch of made up nonsense.

Congratulations! To the Duke and Duchess! And, welcome to their third child!  Cheers!
No news to report?

This! #callitbarry
