Why the quotation marks?
As it is a quote
Pretty simple really
If Russia says you're doing the wrong thing, it means you're doing the right thing.
Did the Russia launch a missile ？
They love their chemicals though don't they 
As expected. The Russian repertoire is not large or varied.
The Russians have been playing the same set of tired tunes since the 40's. But they have no reason to change it, because the international community always dances to it so well!
Pot, kettle I think.
Assad and Putin have caused the catastrophic humanitarian situation. They are the problem. They must be removed along with Iran.
You need a doctor.
Really? What could be worse than Catastrophic? To the babies and children being maimed and gassed and slaughtered?  Oh wait, destroying the gas - now THAT is something to complain about - SAVING PEOPLE!
Oh Russia did you really think the world powers were going to let you establish a stronghold in Syria?
Short sighted action by the lone trios
Dr.Sophia ! All these so called top people are playing kids games ! That's why we need our Lord to guide us to be grown up !
Men in power know not of God, sadly blinded by lust for power and 
Such a sexist comment.
Ahhh... haven't they done it already. Like a few times.
Russians talk about aggression? They are the ones who are bombing innocent civilians for years with the help of their bloodthirsty ally Assad. Modern Nazis
And he said it with a straight face?
Well, it's the Russian Blofeld (i.e. Putin) who helped Assad with this mess.
This coming from a country that has ZERO international credibility at this point
Was this strike on Syria lawful? BTW, how about those WMDs in Iraq?
Also a "catastrophic situation" Russia is contributing to by propping up a tyrant who uses WMDs against civilians.
...and u have proof of WMD use by #Assad?
Ha! As bad as the old Soviet propaganda...and just as believeable. Bit rich coming from the UN envoy. If they hadn't kept using their veto it might not have been necessary.
So u think bombing a sovereign country without UN authorization is legal?
Why do BBC silenced about result of Swiss investigation of the "Skipal issue"? They said Skripal was poisoned by "BZ", it made only in UK/US.
They condemned themselves ???  
The #legality of these #missilestrikes on #Syria  is highly questionable, but #US might is still right - http://www.GETAnalysis.ca 
Why wasn't Syria condemned by Russia for having killed and injured innocent civilians by the use of chemical weapons?
How funny Russia is!!!
reasons ,they involed the Syria,USA,English,France 's people in war again, It reminded me of the two representatives of Czechoslovakia, who had been forced to sign, at the Munich conference.and many unequal treaties Chinese were forced sign in passed 200years,i can not believe
لا يوجد أي شيء قانوني في سوريا ، 
هل التواجد الروسي في سوريا قانوني طبعا لا
هل تواجد ايران وميليشياتها المتطرفة قانوني طبعا لا .
يجب ان تكون إرادة الشعوب هي المعيار القانوني فيها .
والشعب السوري منذ الأزل لا يرغب ولا يريد ولا يرحب بأي تواجد لقوى أجنبية فيه .
Yeah. but it's "good humanitarian situation" to occupate other countries.  Russia says and make tortures for local people like in Ukraine (Crimea, Donbas), Georgia, etc.
Russian envoy can get a complimentary brain MRI done....facility nt available in Russia
It’s a catastrophic humanitarian situation because Russia is allowing Syria to use chemical weapons, not because the west is trying to stop production of said weapons
Of course it makes the situation worse, but the West doesn't give a shit.
What with the approximately 3 civilian injuries it caused? Apparently Trump hates Muslims, surprisingly not as much as Obama apparently...

There is no Chemical Attack in Syria ...USA and UK trying hard to go to war with Bashar Al Asad with fake chemical attack conspiracy which never happened in Syria..Trump is responsible for WW3..
I will fix your wordpress website any kind of issues. and build your personal & business website
oh because the Russians are the epitome of humanitarianism ! hahahahahahahah so we should be following their lead? I think not.

And they were evacuating women and children were they? The Russians have done NOTHING to ease the humanitarian crises. But nevertheless, we also are doing zilch for the vulnerable and innocent by shelling.
Its pure evil
