Girl visits dad in hospital...pretty sure that happens about a million times a day
His grandchildren should have visited as well as Edward and Andrew . If not why not.
Is this news? There’s kids getting gassed in Syria. We’re on the brink of ww3 and you think that someone visiting their dad in hospital is news!! I’ll tell you what is news. The operation he had at his age would not be available on the nhs!!

What's so unusual about that ?
I've just eaten a cheese and pickle sandwich and currently having a coffee.
Congratulations.  Now THAT's news, can't wait for the follow up story, which will probably be indigestion. Can't think why I didn't follow you before 
Don't worry, I've got milk just in case indigestion kicks in
How is this breaking news ? I went to see my dad in hospital and I didnt hit the headlines. Ffs
#Girls Love Their Dad 
OMG, she's his only daughter, he's 96 and she's taken over a week to visit him...but she did miss Ladies' Day at Aintree to do it, so I suppose she did sacrifice something 
OMG it's happening!!
#JusticeForAsifa India
Is this really a breaking news?! 
And......?
Why is this breaking news???
I agree with you.
good for them!
Why is this news, who cares ?
People visit relatives  in hospital every day. Since when is this 'Breaking News' ? BBC News is turned into a mouth piece for the Tory Party and the Royal Family instead of actually reporting world events.
And now, from Prince Philip, over to #EnochPowell ... eh, @bbcnews?

(May I extend, strictly from person to person, my best wishes for a complete recovery to HRH PP and kind regards to HRH PA.)
I join millions in praying for his Majesty's quick recovery.
He's a Royal Highness, rather than a Majesty.
Breaking news. I'm going to visit my mother tomorrow.
Breaking news: I'm here now!
The monarchy has been a unifying force that brought enormous prosperity to a tiny geographical region. Maybe its role has been accomplished and its future is uncertain, but don’t forget (or better, do go learn) what it actually did for us.
And?

Baby music Q~ 
praying for speed recovery. May he get well soon. God bless the Queen, the Duke the Nation and the ignorants.
بہت اچھے بہت پیارے پروگرام ہیں آپ لوگوں کے خوش رھیں
That’s easy for you to say...
My father died from cancer 7 weeks ago and still waiting for it to hit BBC Breaking News
So sorry go your loss.
Woman visits father in hospital wowser!
Obviously @BBCBreaking has lost the meaning of Breaking
This is news?
How the hell is this ‘Breaking News’...get a life!
Breaking News????
Wishing him fast healing and very little pain.
South korea  in cheon
https://twitter.com/myeungjin/status/984652020681330690?s=19 …
South korea Incheon Fire
So what
He is better now
A very close family, it only took Princess Anne 9 days to visit her elderly father. That shows a lot of caring in this family.
Baby music~
The biggest breaking news ever :D
BREAKING NEWS: Man in hospital visited by family.
“Breaking”
So?
Hope he is fine
I remember when breaking and news used to mean real news
Remember when you let a pedophile run roughshod over your organization and then your queen knighted him?
Pray for our Duke of Edinburgh, a very dear man of grace.
That’s nice
So good.
At least the tooth fairy doesn't live off the public purse
Hi,
  I am a WordPress Developer & Designer. Now i help you to fix / edit your Design .
  Font,color,menu,logo,sidebar,margin,position & other etc.
  so Contact with me & Order.
Fuck off
Who in the name of fuck passes this off as breaking news?
'Daughter visits sick, aged Dad in hospital' ..... not as pizzazzy 
Why would a daughter wait 8 days to visit her father in hospital?....royalty or not. And then we're fooled into believing it's news that Anne has waited that long....
RIP... Better...
I'll stop following the BBC if this shot is what you call breaking news FFS. Who gives a shit?
I certainly won't miss this inane twaddle when WW3 arrives
They won't either. They'll be safe in their luxurious bunker while we burn above ground.
I visited my Dad in his nursing home today too
She visited her dad in a hospital, not a nursing home.  You dumped yours in one and not ashamed to talk about it.

Has Gary Barlow been booked for the funeral yet..
#breaking news?? How the devil is this breaking news? I can’t believe his children hadn’t yet visited him, poor man
Pretty overwhelming public distain for this article
I really don’t think this is news.
On what possible grounds could this be classified as ‘breaking news’?
so Teresa May's cabinet has agreed to respond to the Syrian nerve attack and the latest thing you have tweeted is Princess Anne has visited her father in hospital. Unfollow is coming soon
And this is why we have to pay 150 for a license fee
To pay crap journalists to tell us Ann visited philip
They will probably repeat this news next week like all their cheap made programmes
Slow news day ? 
Naecunt cares
This
Is
Not
News
Not even fucking news worthy
BREAKING NEWS: Daughter visits father in hosptial
Update - she wore a navy coat with toning scarf & took in a basket of fruit inc peeled grapes & a floral arrangement. She asked if she could borrow his coach & four in hand for the weekend
A daughter visits her sick father.. And this is news? Ffs
Jog on if you cant stand BBC or UK. !!
You should do the same. It’s quiet easy and shouldn’t be an issue for your pea size brain
Really ? Breaking news???
why is this breaking news?
Well said!!!
Ffs - hardly news - daughter visits elderly father in hospital recovering from surgery. Happens everyday in all parts of uk
This makes the news??? As Terry Wogan would say it must be a slow news day!
This is Breaking News? He’s been visited by a family member? Holy crap.
So?
This isn't news!!
It's especially NOT breaking news!
Not news! “Elderly man in hospital receives visit from daughter”
Much as I like the royals this breaking news is embarrassing.
This is breaking news? Wow slow day...really slow.
hardly breaking news, yet alone news!
he’s still in there?!?A normal person would be discharged after 2 day.  I hope he’s enjoying all the comforts (on us obviously)
So the hell what..?
BREAKING NEWS!!! woman visits man in hospital.... 

Phew.. I can sleep now!!!!
Verdammt noch Mal haltet eure Schnauze. Die royalen sind super geil.
Let's hope he is fine and well, the queen would be truly devastated if anything happens to him
But no one else would be, so why is this newsworthy?
Not breaking news.....
Not even news! Daughter visits father in hospital shocker.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/alfiesarmy/permalink/564092113976137/ …

This is breaking news why are u not covering it?
Amazing journalism, challenging, controversial and  hard hitting
I wish her and her Dad well. However. Royalty is wrong.
Breaking news 
First family visitor in 8 days? Mmmmm. Surely THAT'S the breaking news.
Then what happened....?
Breaking news??
Are you for real?!? Who's typing this garbage?!?
Breaking news!!!!.....shame on you BBC 
Is this news?


Daughter visits Father in hospital.
Why is this news, it is her father and she should be visiting daily
Nobody’s gives a f**k, this is not breaking news, 
It should have read: freaking news.....lol.
Fuck the royal family tell um I said it as well seems your cozy with Anne and that hahaha absolute clowns
Come off the insulting language, they didn't ask the BBC to do this stupid Breaking News
Who gives a flying fuck about that!  Breaking news!! Breaking news is people being killed on the streets and you tweet this shite! Idiots who gives a shit
I don't give a fuck about this news. I would expect someone to visit a family member in hospital.
Pulled her head out of her arse long enough to remember she's a recovering old dad in Hospital - jeeeeez that woman - not like she needed to apply for a day off from her Country Pile!!!!!
Unreal. Breaking News??????
Just give me bloody break
Sad that you feel this way. Your response sounds bitter 
How is this urgent or important? Someone visits someone else in hospital? This is only 1/2 tweets from BBC Breaking News today. Do you really think this is warranted?
How is THIS sodding BREAKING NEWS???!!!!!!!
This is news?
It is her dad, what you expect!. Not news silly reporting.
First family member to visit him, after s week in the hospital? Wow!
I expect she was taking him more orange squash and money for the pay TV. It's quite expensive for old folk in hospital. Truly an angel or mercy.
Clowns
WTF! What moron believes this to be remotely interesting or newsworthy!
Boring. zzzZZZ
I told you this would happen. But you didn't believe me. You said "how could you possibly know that she will visit her dad whilst he recovers from his pre-planned op!" Well, who's laughing now?
Seriously now this isn’t news
She was seen smuggling in a tape measure..honestly who gives a fuck about a hospital visit?

I wonder if she said. Hello dad. It's a-shame the bbc is not allowed to report royal conversation.
Sick of this bullshit. @BBCBreaking very rarely report anything worth of the 'breaking news' title. This headline should read "woman visits her elderly dad in hospital after routine op"
Not much routine about the best surgeon in the world (of that speciality) operating on a patient in one of the most exclusive hospitals in the U.K. when most patients of this age would be refused the operation.
@BBCBreaking bbcwho gives a fuck??
Seriously, all you good folks on this thread pay for this rubbish. Stop paying. Enough is enough. The fact that this constitutes news is an abomantion
I don’t pay. I’m in the USA 
Fuck off. Breaking fucking news my arse. I'm paying not one penny for this shite...you can shove it. Take your fawning, subservient pish and fuck off some more. Privileged, out of touch parasites...
Surely, the BBC when did a daughter visiting a father in hospital become Breaking news!?
Breaking news? Slow news day or something?
Can he fucking die already
Breaking News?!?!? BBC News, you are rubbish! You really are utterly pathetic - I hope you realise this one day.
Not interested
Oh no did I miss the breaking news. Damn, I must have been asleep. Who gives a flying toss?
And how is this breaking news ... ?
Why is this breaking news? If my dad was in hospital, id. go visit him too
Wait What? I thought he was at Royal South Hants hospital in Southampton
Did she have to pay for parking ?
He’s maybe on the way out. Relatives all saying their goodbyes?
Daughter visits father in hospital, not news @BBCBreaking what is however is that she is the first family member to do so after a week in hospital. Shocking
Wait! What? Her father is the Duke of Edinburgh?
I am stuck in traffic wanting the loo if these lights dont change soon im going to poo my pants 
Seriously, why is this news? It’s her father.
WOW that is real news a Daughter visits sick Father in hospital  tell me do you get paid for this
Breaking news. Ive just been to the toilet.
Hardly breaking news.

It's nice news ...... for a change ...
And this is news how
Philip a man with a plethora of amazing idiosyncrasies.
What was she wearing? Was her hair up or down? Any make-up? C’mon, don’t leave me hanging....
Unbelievable. 24 hour news feed for this dross. Tax payer gravy train.
Can we have a wow wee
Now I can sleep at peace
DILLIGAF!
You get paid for nowt !
Please sack the person who believes this is breaking news
How long has he been in already?  And she's just got round to visiting.....
This is breaking news? Slow news day is it? 
Who would have thought someone would be visiting their old dad in hospital
Breaking news - how?
Ffs get a life....someone visiting their dad in hospital is NOT breaking news!
Quick! Drop everything! This is not a drill etc 
And this is breaking news? Really? You're 'avin' a larfff!
Woman visits her elderly father in hospital.  Come on BBC, this is just a tidbit of mild interest to most people NOT BREAKING NEWS.
Unfortunately I missed this headline earlier as I was desperately trying to stick the skin back onto a banana
Talk about half a story! Did she make it home ok, BBC? PLEASE! For the love of all things holy! PLEASE tell me she made it home safely afterwards!!!

I visited my mother in the hospital. Didn't see the report on twitter. Wonder why. Oh, she wasn't that important, I guess.  Why is this story breaking NEWS? Please!!
She did?!  
Right, now you can fuck right off you pathetic fuckers

She's the first family member to visit since his he went in on 4 april? And spent 50 mins in total. Jeeeezzzz.
Why is this breaking news????
In other news hospital visitor news, Mable went to visit Alfred in ward 7 in Weymouth with grapes and Lucozade
That’s news? Really? Come on #nhs
Breaking news 
Is this really breaking news?
