
This gif ruins the replies section to news twitters

That's a good point
Get rid of the Welsh Assembly all together. Fed up of tax payers’ money going on politicians ie local council, Welsh gvt, UK gvt and Brussels, then there being no £ for public services. Welsh Assembly is still out of touch with rural areas, so no real advantage over Westminster x
Did you know Wales had around 3 new hospitals in 30 years and 4 new schools before devolution?
Since devolution Wales had to build 18 new hospitals and 22 new schools because of English neglect.
Did you know exports have gone up over 200% since devolution
Good & DONT allow a career politician to replace him a real politician connects with joe public not goes to college work for labour offices then gets nominated to stand for a ward
About time too. His disgraceful treatment of his minister without an inquiry first. Shame on him! Oh no, my mistake. He doesn't have any shame!!
Did you know Wales had around 3 new hospitals in 30 years and 4 new schools before devolution?
Since devolution Wales had to build 18 new hospitals and 22 new schools because of English neglect.
Did you know exports have gone up over 200% since devolution.
At what cost ? My friend waited 5 hours for an ambulance and she was immobile on a country lane.
Shows what the BBC really thinks of Wales considering they haven't bothered to capitalise 'First Minister'
Oh, please. You always see some percieved bias in the smallest things; notwithstanding, it is an appropriate use of the English language, considering that they are referring to the position of 'first minister' and not the office of 'First Minister [of Wales]'.
It is no different from when they say the 'health secretary' (the position) versus saying the 'Secretary of State for Health' (the office).
For the likes of me, I cannot understanding this victim complex - that everybody is against you or thinks badly of you. Frustrating!
The position of First Minister IS the office of the First Minister of Wales. Crucially, he's resigning as 'First Minister of Wales'.

Read both the 1998 and 2000 Government of Wales Acts. Every single usage of the terms "First Secretary" and "First Minister" are capitalised.
Also looking at headlines and articles discussing Jeremy Hunt, you'll see "Health Secretary" is very often capitalised...
NICARAGUA NEEDS YOUR HELP NOW!!!

#SOSNicaragua
#NicaraguaNecesitaAyuda
Good news.
Good total waste of space
Every single person that wants to end devolution seems to have no idea what they are talking about lol. If they did a little digging they would find a nation that has done very well out of devolution. 
. READ AND LEARN 
http://barncymro.blogspot.co.uk/2017/09/everyone-in-wales-benefits-from.html …
Depending where you live...
Let me guess. Norman Smith will be on #r4today first thing on Monday morning to tell us it's all Jeremy Corbyn's fault?
He’s realised you can’t be First Minister from a prison cell
And good riddance to him. Nothing more than a reactionary bully. Time for a fresh start in Wales under a proper politician who serves the people.
let's hope it's catching and other devolved govts follow suit.
If there is an afterlife, Carl Sargeant will be looking down from it and laughing. Bye bye Carwyn. You'll be quickly forgotten, like last week's milk.
A Momentum person will take over and further screw up Wales.
No time like the present 
Breaking rumour. Nicola Sturgeon is going too
Good about time
Llandudno is the spelling Llundudno
Good about time that bag of wind retired useless twonk
About time he got off the gravy train....used his position to the maximum he could
Corbyn should follow his lead
Who
http://usdailypost.com/View/News/14097/President-Trump-Won-t-Attend-Barbara-Bush-FuneraltoAvoid-Disruptions- … #BarbaraBush
@derrickg745 Carwyn not carwin is he from Wales?.
Like anyone has a clue who he is....
NICARAGUA NEEDS YOUR HELP NOW!!!

#SOSNicaragua

My Grandfather's faltering attempt - before he finally sucummbed to dementia -to describe a BBC TV journalist. 
'A chap dressed like a double-glazing salesmen telling lies for the government.'
Should Nicola come out in sympathy and resign as well
Was expected - 6/4/2018 - Momentum are becoming what's left of labour.
It's a tidier look if Labour's Welsh FM goes graciously under his own steam.
- remember how Dugdale was ousted by Momentum/Corbyn in Scotland.
Um...who?
I wonder if he's been told the findings of the investigation before making this decision? 
He won't be missed
He’ll still be on bbc weather anyway 
Huw Ogmore a shoe in
Good riddance.
Give it Giggsy, ‘til end of parliament.
Who?
@desolationwales
Greetings friends. Am Daniel from Kenya requesting donations from anyone to help me feed and clothe my brother's orphans after all their parents died of AIDS. Anybody willing to assist these young starving orphans to call me on ( +254712467982 ). Donate, retweet and share widely

Residential buildings destroyed at a glance after US-Saudi attack with an atomic-like bomb 
#3YearsSinceAttanBomb
#Yemen
Resignation Kalxon!
Who???
Britain is lost, no self identity and destroying it's own Nation.
Where exactly in Britain do you live, my dear fellow?
My opinion, live in the U.S.A. Must be a Brit, syntax like a liberal and elitist.
Do yourself a favour and delete Katie Hopkins off your twitter,she's poison.
