wow what a shock did not expect this what next??? the lovely late sir jimmy saville?? 
pc brigade gone mad 
How is this about political correctness? It's about rape. That's never correct.
Suspect it was an ironic comment...
Here in the US the Trumpsters say things like that and mean it. Irony/sarcasm are dead here.
They were never alive there.
He is 80 years old - Are we going to send him to jail???
I would hope so.
Yes I do believe that is the plan
His legacy's destroyed forever.
That's on him! Every choice has a consequence!
Big money says he gets no jail time


So so sad he was a hero growing up loved the Cosby show 
don't want as to feel he is a bad man but he is..
Karma has no deadline.
I’m getting the word...
Is this a sign of justice in the USA?? How soon before we put @realDonaldTrump in the stands for his treatment of women??
There’s a thing called the judicial system sweetly and they have to prove it before you that can happen. So far years have gone by and they haven’t proved a damn thing. What does this tell you?
Perhaps the many women that could not bring the charges because of the time window can feel vindicated and feel justice for themselves as well.
This was more than just about 1 woman,  Constand, the consistency in which the women testifying about being given a "little blue pill" wasn't lost on this jury! They did their job and I pray the other 60+ women finally feel vindication after carrying these painful memories.
Hey Hey HEY!!
YOU GOIN TO JAIL!!
Good.

 I spat my tea out!

YES! YES! This is what I call "good" news.

The damage these bastards are doing to this world seriously!
Seriously
In my opinion. Any adult who looks at a child and has sexual thoughts and feelings need to go kill themselves because they are not fixable. They are natural born sneaky liars! ROAR!!!!!
You tellum .roar
 Good job. 
Next........
Harvey Weinstein next?
At 80 years old, hard to imagine how much horrible shit he's done over the years.
.... one down.... Trump next ....
Another one

Good. Now he needs to rot in jail.
And the self confessed pest D.Trump still walking free!!
A man so brilliant, so wonderful could be convicted of such a terrible crime?
Wonderful?
Good. I hope he dies in prison.
He’s 80, unlikely he started 14 years ago. Indicates its been his ongoing M.O.! Psych classes touched on Rape as form of Rage, NOT directed to victim, but against females generally.
Or, because of perceived bias of females who rejected him. With drugs no experience of rejection.
Hallelujah!  Justice at last.
cosby did nothing wrong.
May he rot in prison and be tormented every day that he lives.

Good.
Why did it take 20-30 yrs for some to come forward.. Easy money perhaps..
Such a shame that he ruined his life and others.
He will die before his appeals are finished
His sentence was made significantly longer after the judge watched Leonard Part 6 and Ghost Dad 

I thought that was going to read, found dead....
Justice served. How long he goes to jail is yet to be determined. He is not in good health and that maybe a factor?
I wonder if they have Jell-o pudding in prison for him to enjoy while he learns about an entirely different kind of rape.
Finally!!! Now let’s get Donald!!!
Yes!!!
So are they pudding him to jail?
Finally!
Save child
Or, oh, how about the royal family for raping Africa for centuries? Or those responsible for Flints poisonous water??
Skeebopeeebobadaddoo. Guilty as fuck.
Good Riddance to him, bastard!

Finally! 
Not even one of those ladies enjoyed it?
How would they know if they enjoyed it if all of them were unconscious?
All 80 of them faked their orgasm?
Ah, I see I must be talking to Bill Cosby's penis, my bad.
mahn its been 14years people
Is the implication here that you think 14 years is enough time to make rape ok? Cause it doesn't dude.
Can’t wait for him to die 
Seriously???
Yes, seriously. He raped her, amongst others. What's hard to comprehend here?
That man is fucking old... Let him die in peace..
No
Why
Why do people wait so long before pressing charges.
Karma's a kicker!  Bill's going blind. Banished to a dark world where he'll be helpless and vulnerable.......AND in jail?   Ohhhh the poetic justice! You reap what you sow Billy boy!                                              BOO! lol
Found Guilty, so we have to assume it did happen, and hope he gets the full 30yrs in nick and because of his age he won't be coming out
Don't let him get away with it. Like they did when O J Simpson murder his wife. The America system is corrupt
Kill him
Let the nigga rest his old for Christ sake
He die before he's even sentenced .Just like Jimmy Savile

sad
Bill Cosby Power Gone.
At age 66? Probably bullshit.
It's all blk men target policy of wht americans and judges,I remember bill clinton was cleared of charges against monica,and even devil trump abuse many womens  but the law is quite.

Oh how surprised I am....NOT!!
In other Bill news, other Bill still free https://www.corbettreport.com/google-bill-clinton-rape/ …

#corbettreport
Leave them edomites alone
May he rot there !
No attack, no victims, no chem weapons: #Douma witnesses speak at #OPCW briefing at The Hague (VIDEO)
Disgusted at liberal bbc reporting of home secretary
Disgusting
The elite media havnt a clue
Lib crap
So tedious listening to the US Prosecutor. Why so long on this?
If lady in question settled for 2.4 million back 2006 does this mean she has to pay that back now???  Just a thought....
Has she already been paid off?
'guilty' ? Vs guilty?

Just what the H is achieved by labeling Mr. Cosby as a "US comedian" when he is known worldwide.  You guys to remember how that 1812 thing came out, right?????


No attack, no victims, no chem weapons: #Douma witnesses speak at #OPCW briefing at The Hague (VIDEO) https://on.rt.com/9448  
He shouldn't have put his pudding plop near anyones shnook nook.
Maybe next one is Donny.
Put him in jail.hypocrites for decades he was a beast hidden behind nice comedian enjoying wealth and victimizing innocent women.lock him up for all his sins
#MeToo
Why 'guilty', rather than just regular guilty...?
Still waiting on government members for Grenfell to be arrested and trialed... That was last year 
Ahhhh man!!!!!!!
Life in prison for him hopefully
Haha, who would have thought
Gotta be 30 years surely 
Hellig ku!
Surprised he managed to get it up at age 66 #jealous

No reruns of the Cosby show then ....
Damn 
she looks like a Brian May tribute act..
Im getting the word .....
Wow , could have worked  for the BBC with that sexual assault type attitiude !
Pervert
As he never respected his fame and age, will find no one stand doing so!
Bill Cosby deserves to die in prison
Gutted that this serial rapist was at liberty for decades to rape. My sympathies to the survivors.

#billcosby is innocent!
Lol, why?
When you’re poor they put you in jail on the spot you sir 15 or 20 years in prison not so much with the rich they dance until 80-90
What evidence was available after all this time ... surely not convicted on just ‘yes he did’ evidence ... ?
To all black people in America...Wakanda come back home

Good!
@rickygervais
Revoke his bail pending sentencing. He needs to do time.
Good.
Wow

Finally justice has been served and restored my faith in fact not all evil bastards get away with such shit 
Who cares bill Cosby is already fucked American ,no need to talk now
Not before time
Well! Wow! There is justice!
Another win for criminal slave system!  RKelly is up next while the Weinsteins and Spaceys and Trumps of the world out free and easy!
There’s a world of difference between sexual misconduct (Spacey / Trump) and serial premeditated rape.  Weinstein is going to get his.
Let a fair and impartial jury decide that, but with today's propaganda media I doubt it!
is Ms Allred seeing green? i smell riot!

'woman' surely a better description would be 'child'  aged 14
14 years ago numpty .not a 14 year old. Durr
Whoops. Yeah. That'll teach me
Still hang him high all the same . 'll provide the rope.

We were in dire need of good news
He made people laugh now he just makes people cry

Just deserves!
I love how you put guilty in quotes like it's a euphemism or something

Die, you Jelly eating bastard!

Seriously?! 
Breaking news!
ŞEREFSİZZZZZZZ
It ain’t funny anymore
I should bloody well think so.
Jail?
Hardly news then, is it?
