What we know so far about Toronto van strike: 

- Up to 10 pedestrians may have been struck 
- Extent of injuries unclear
- Driver of van in custody. No personal details known
- Yonge Street and Finch Avenue areas cordoned off
http://bbc.in/2HkufAl 
"People were shouting stop the car" - Eyewitness describes seeing the van hitting pedestrians 
http://bbc.in/2HkufAl 
"I couldn't believe what I'd seen... all these people on the streets getting hit one by one" Toronto  collision eyewitness describes moment van driver mounted the kerb and struck pedestrians 
http://bbc.in/2HkufAl 
Nine people dead and 16 injured after van strikes pedestrians in Toronto, police in Canada say
These people belong to no religion. And if they say they do, they are following a false interpretation of the scripture and have nothing to do with the concerned religion's beliefs and teachings.
Bullshit. They're following Islam to the letter. You're part of the problem.
Islam doesn't says this. Violence and murder is a theme not entertained in any major religion, including Islam.
Ok now you are truly worrying me, I thought this was a parody account
It's not a parody account. Please don't demonize and make a generalisation based on the actions of few. And do look into what happens to Muslim nations in the Middle East. Thank you. Tc x
Waiting for the "religion of peace" retards to post their drivel even though it's innocents of that "same" religion that suffer the most terrorist attacks. 

I wonder if they ever treated the Irish like that years ago when the IRA was still a thread? 
It's a religion of war. Anybody who thinks otherwise has their head firmly buried in the sand.
Virtually ever religion on the planet is the same. Even Christianity. It's an Abrahamic derived religion, same shit, different brush.
Ah, I must have skipped books of the Bible where Jesus' army murdered entire tribes and enslaved their women 
Religion of peace strikes again
bell end. what do you think you're actually achieving by posting that?
The truth.
Here's truth... that's a dumb fucking tattoo.
Surprising you can see it with your head in the sand.
Rather my head in the sand than up my own ass.

And you're also West Ham so..

Cute emoji.
If you think guns are the problem, you're ignoring the rest of the world. This is a heart problem, a mental health problem, and a religious extremism problem.
My condolences to all if the victims families and friends. I hope those that were injured make a full recovery & that the driver that killed and harmed these people gives an explanation for his horrible actions.
Could be a mental guy or a white supremacist.
Or both
The key word you're forgetting here is extremist
There are 3.3 million Muslims in America. If we were all terrorists, you would be dead right now.
Struck by a terrorist driving a van. The van had no choice in this, the terrorist did.
More peaceful cultural enrichment.
Islamic terrorism...
Waiting for the 'this isn't true Islam' tweets
Well, the guy in the van was a Christian so...
Nowhere is safe. Life has become a lottery.
What is going on in the world? So many people have this terrible internal rage : then take it out on innocent people.
Terrible to see this violence come to Canada 
Pray for Canada 
Tragic and sad  
I wonder what the name of the driver was?
We need to stop this - we must educate people and reinforce that killing is wrong, obviously people have become brainwashed by religion, mental issues etc. It's a sad sad day.
RIP to all the victims and best wishes to all the families

So sad.
Oh! My God. I am so sad. All this is a huge nigthmare.
This is so sad, my thoughts with the families and everyone affected 
fucking hell 
Discription of the murderous driver needed 
So very sad   
For fucks sake
Blatant vanaphobia. Now is a time for inclusivity and standing together. Not all vans are terrorists. Most are hard working vehicles.
Religion of Peace strikes again
This is what Brexit has caused
@JustinTrudeau @cafreeland @BorisJohnson @FedericaMog @dreynders @mofa_kr @SAMSUNG @SAMSUNGNEWSROOM @SAMSUNGTOMORROW Nine people dead and 16 injured after van strikes pedestrians in Toronto, police in Canada say

https://bbc.in/2HkufAl 
Who dose that to innocent ppl who didnt do a thing to him, whats bloody going on in this cold/nasty world 
Amazing a religion of hate can have so many followers .. I guess hitler had just as many ! Sick psychos
This attack has all of the hallmarks of an Islamic terrorist attack. Pray for the victims. #Toronto.
Really upset about what happened in Toronto.  I just ask people to calm the hell down and not blame Politicians or Muslims It doesn’t help this tragedy
praise multiculturalism.
So a van,an inanimate object,it killed people..like by itself..all alone..and the Canadian police told you this..and did you like say to them that's bullshit coz like vans are not alive and don't chose to kill people.
Can you get someone who speaks English to re-write that for you?
Yes I will rewrite it..rewrite... Without a hyphen.
You're free to do that as both are acceptable. Make sure you get a bunch of unnecessary ellipses in there too
Have you got nothing better to do than pick problems at grammar on twitter?  Are you upset I don't believe the van story?
https://twitter.com/brokenfishtiar1/status/988528210576101376?s=19 …
Incredibly sad world, where any derranged person can use a motor vehicle to murder innocent people. Thoughts are with those affected. #Toronto
Father forgive them , they know not what they do ...
Horrible. My thoughts are with all those affected and their families .
@shornawx_
My heart goes out to everyone affected 
Muslims again?
I wonder what the drivers incentives were?
bbc website headline.."Toronto collision: Nine dead and 16 injured after van mounts pavement"  Really ??!!
Kudos to the policeman who assessed the situation, single-handedly "talked the guy down" (he yelled Kill Me, Kill Me at the policeman) and handcuffed him without a single bullet involved! Now they can talk to him, find how he "fell through the crack" or dodged a loophole.
And everybody wants us to let in more of those type of people into the United States.

He is having a mental crisis.
Terrorism
I am so sorry for the families who have lost loved ones. Canada always supports Americans. We support Canada as you deal with this act of terrorism.
woo
Instagram private profile viewer 2018 -NO SURVEY
http://getpasswordrecovered.com/instagram-private-profile-viewer-2018-no-survey-view-private-instagram-profiles-without-following/ …
Thoughts and prayers thoughts and prayers etc etc. Thinking about something and talking to yourself while looking at the sky achieve bot all.
Ok the case is not as bad as it seemed and looks now  the liberals would say . As the first reports said 10 dead.
Another tragic incident. My thoughts are with the victims’ families and friends. 
This is so inhuman,
Driving attacks a new kind of terroristic strategy drive at fastest speed try to kill many people on the road immediate need to prevent and find out effective measures to meet this spreading killing style by now number of similar incidents took place in various countries
BAN THE VAN!!!!
Whether he’s Muslim, christian or atheist. Black, white, yellow, grey..etc. He’s absolutely a terrorist for what he has done
Live with the people you know, love your people and in the name of freedom don't import  humans from distant continents. Since 1914 at least 30 million people were killed by fellow humans and we call animals as dangerous!
Ffs
looks like the rest of the world is sadly catching up with israel. hope you'll understand one day
BAN THE GODDAMN VANS BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!! How many more must die @davidhogg111? Let’s organize a march, then a boycott of NADA for supporting these evil car corporations, then, for good measure let’s embark on character assassination of anyone that does not agree!!
Need a no van zone.  Works every time.
#VERY #INTERESTING 'KEEP ME POSTED!' #Toronto #Canada #refugeesNOTwelcome #Brexit #MAGA
OMG! Punish the criminals with the most harsh punishment.
The steering and the accelerater must have locked on at the same time, nothing to do with islam #Toronto
Hah
Islsmic extremism ??
https://twitter.com/glesports_/status/988505350402961409?s=21 …
#اعضاءـجدد 
تعاقد فريق البرق الذهبي مع ثلاثة من المميزين :
.
 LIGHTNING BONABIL\@Messi_Lover20…
Very sad.  prayers for Toronto!
How long before we get the big cover up story from the authorities, he was mentally ill, he was over the alcohol limit, he had drug problems. Are we really supposed to buy this crap!
Watching news in Canada & we laugh.
"Was this a terrorist incident??".
Duh!!
Then dummy Trudeau appears to speak pre G7. 
CBC Canada talks such drivel stating the obvious. 
This has been coming for a long time and for whatever reason, Trudeau thinks Canada is untouchable. JERK!!
No description given of the driver...so lets calm down on assuming who it is. We all know the different types of monsters out there - they have him in custody...alive...says alot already but I won't assume
So sorry to read this
@KaranPatel01 @JineshP95 Yo... everyone all good over there yeah??!
Happy immigrant policy. Kick em out
A revenge for US attack on Syria may not be discarded.
That just makes no sense what so ever
Mpaka huko kuna ajari mie najua ni huku kwetu tu
That's a heartbreaking news 
RIP to all the victims 
I just want to say that people are actually hypocrites like 
People forgot Isis are killing Muslims more than any other religion 
People forgot about most people of Iraq and Syria are Muslims
I think they just blind and want to see what they want 
Like seriously 
In Every religion and every country 
There are people who are good and bad too 
If the attack on  the East nobody cares but if it's on the West 
Thinking of my TO friends
Only days after president met @theresa_may  ??
This is on the news right now @rrehders 
Yeah, it’s been a day !!!
Yonge/ Finch?
Being peaceful, accepting love  is more problematic than expressing hate .
Oh no. Terrible and now so familiar.
Prayers for our neighbors. How horrific. 
Here we go again 
So sad in deed 
disgusting!
Always a picture of a shoe. Certain people will understand the importance of this.
Gun Control strikes again.
So sad 
Lwt be diplomatic and tolerant
Oh, no! So sorry, Toronto!! God be with you all!!!
Toronto is one of my favourite places... thoughts with the families of those dead and injured  these events are happening far too often!!
Damn, crazy world we live in.
Posted this an hour ago!
Update! At least 9 people reported Dead! 2 died at the scene and 3 died arriving in the hospital 4 died in the Hospital! #Toronto @lookner
Quakers?  NRA?
TIL that in England, it’s spelled “kerb”....  and it can be mounted.

:(
Ditto in Australia and probably all British commonwealth countries.
Again.... thinking of the people of Canada
Tragic.

Ffs
Sorry to hear that @TOwolfpack
