

This young girl from Yemen, is a victim of a chemical attack in her own country by the Saudi Arabians, the chemical used was white phosphorus....  so why are we not bombing Saudi Arabia, and taking out their…
Interesting. Is this true?
Yer but what do the police say?  What do the folk investigating think.  What does Lord West or the ex-Head of UK special forces have to say? Or Yulia #shripal   Y'know the folk who haven't lost credibility yet
BREAKING : Worlds deadliest poison Novickok fails to kill all three victims

BREAKING: Novichok slides down world ranks of Top poisons, is now ranked the same as Roundup
This is why I never considered the espionage business.
BREAKING: Poison transported in bottle
Poisonous gases and poisonous solids like berries and mushrooms. Just sayin'
Was going more for this
https://youtu.be/eQkDFD1YrII  #YouPromised
BBC Breaking Propaganda
Pissed off. Does anyone read? I've said asked Tweeted politicians how was this transported and what has happened to the vessel the nerve agent was transported in now? No answer. We was told 2 make Novochoc u need to mix 2 chemicals to react. 2 liquids or powder+liquid? ANSWERS.
They have returned the bottle to the supermarket you get a refund,go against the cost of fleeing the country.
Do any...any of the commentators below even know what  or how this nerve agent works? I’m gonna put my money on “No”.
Do you mean "Above" And obviously it does not work as the three people contaminated with this deadly nerve agent are still very much alive aren't they.?
No. I was referring to most all those below...and the way neurotoxins work..if left unnoticed  without ALS the two would have died within 10 more minutes...the third was proactive care which the first two didn’t have.
Those who talk about Nerve Agent are now getting nervous themselves.

Liquid form.. like a mineral water....
And there we all were thinking it was glowing like Kryptonite on the door handle it all makes perfect sense now

Nerve agent Novichok was placed inside the ventilation system of  Sergei Skripal's car .
Thats how it got on the door handle then why didn't I think of that? - the whole thing is a load of tosh and they expect sheeple to believe them #FalseFlags
.
Knew it from day 1.
The internet is making it increasingly difficult for them to keep making this shit up
I thought they had found the highest concentration of the poison on their front door!
That's what was reported last month anyway.
#Bullshit
Fake
How many if these comments are from Putin's puppets and how many are from cretins, 'same difference I suppose'. When will the Russian people realise that they are living in a prison run by a gangster, some already do and when they speak too loudly of it, they're mysteriously shot
Novichok can’t be delivered in liquid form. Therefore, Novichok was not used. Brit govt lied. As always
So the diaper wipes aren’t going to do the trick then?
did the BBC report the finding of a Swiss lab that was mentioned by Lavrov about a week ago?
Well, think I'd have guessed that, didn't think it would have been in shake and vac form.
Who cares anymore? Our ability to see through what is a lie and what is truth is becoming increasingly grey as each day passes. This is all like a real life panto with each side saying the opposite and their media backing it up. Propaganda war is on.
Absolutely spot on. 
Even though it is the minority, us British aren't as easily fooled as our American counterparts,
Next week's breaking news will be...

"Dodgy fish pie responsible for Skripal's mystery illness" 
So the BBC made the assumption it was powder from day one.  The fact for this have been distorted throughout.  When will we know the truth about this matter?  What else was assumed???
Hmmm goodness me!

Question: 
What nerve agent medium sticks to door handles... gas, powder or liquid?  
Answer: 
Liquid. :)
And your report is delivered in manure form. We aren't stupid, you know. The whole story is a fabrication.
Send the bills to the Kremlin, if they refuse just seize any of there assets to pay to pay.
is this really breaking news,  surely your title is all wrong ,  its OLd news, please check the date,  4th of March,  what is the date now, err 17th of April,  please catch up
Brought in by the daughter possibly?
Milkman did it
Take Your own shit home from the middle East. Nobody belives u anymore. Made in where?
How do they know? Article also states a very small amount was used. If it is all over the place then why hasn't anybody else been taken ill?
Can you please let me know your credentials on this subject? Kthanksbye

was it also BZ?
Sorry but it was reported all over their doorstep in powder form , if you are going to print PROPAGANDA at least get your stories straight  !
Yes yes, sure sure, any one believes this staged major false flag failure must have its brains examined. Possible major brain failure. To much fluoride, maybe aspartame, or cooking to long with aluminium. Could be TV EMP as well. By the way, when are the Skripals released?
More fake news.
Amazing! So the Swiss lab that independently tested samples for the OPCW, didn't identify Novichok, but large amounts of the nerve agent BZ. Which is conveniently available to UK, US etc. "History would be great...if only it were true!" Leo Tolstoy. 
They wriggled out of that one by claiming it was a control sample to check the work of lab. #FlapFlapOinkOink
I smell more like dodgy prawns 
The worrying thing is Russia will be looking on and watching the panic and huge disruption one drop of a nerve agent has caused in a small town, imagine this was a larger quantitie or it happened in the centre of London?
Was that masturbsted?
Psychological Test : Guess Which One Is Not a Family...!
Link : https://youtu.be/Lbki6x39R9g 
#killerputin
Very lucky to be alive.
why is this information so important that it's "breaking news". Why does it matter if it's a solid, a gel, or a liquid? who cares? More pertinent, i feel, to breaking news might be evidence that US/UK/France strikes were based on a lie: Robert Fisk couldn't see any +ve evidence.
Robert Fisk didn’t see any evidence as he was ushered towards a doctor who didn’t see the attack. Robert Fisk writes pro-Assad fluff pieces which is why he was allowed this “exclusive”
Water pistol?
LMAO. Did the bottle have a skull with the words 'Poison' written on it, and was the quantity less than 100ml so it could be taken on board in hand luggage? This whole farce will become a film in the future.
Was it breaking news when we were told nerve agent gel was smeared on the door knob too? If we didn't have such disgraceful journalism in this country we may have uncovered the truth. But journalists want to suck up to Boris.
Send the cleanup bill to Putin.
And this folks is today's twist on government sponsored Bullshit.
Let's face it if the ruskies had wanted them dead they would have been with no evidence left behind.
And I still smell bullshit. First it was powder now liquid. What will it be next I wonder.
A liquid in powder form?...
Hands up those who, after the past year or so, still believe anything the establishment comes out with
And Coryn and Co won't believe it !useful and dangerous idiots for Putin.
And tangible, irrefutable proof the Russians did it is where?
In her speech she said we cannot have chemical weapons attacks on people in a foreign country or on the streets of Britain,to me this farce was set up to beef up her excuse to let her move on to the next farce,bombing an empty building,the story will reach its next chapter.

The whole thing stinks Matt,what gets me is the idiots coming on here to defend her,they can’t all be multi-millionaires,every working class family in this country must have someone in their extended family who have been affected by their actions.
You'll have to increase the chemical trails and fluoride in the water to increase the dumbing down process .... No ones buying what the news says.
This the person who put it there .. 
May 25,1999
U.S. and Uzbeks Agree on Chemical Arms Plant Cleanup American officials say the Nukus plant was the major research and testing site for a new class of secret, highly lethal chemical weapons called ''Novichok,''
interestingly a russian journalist "accidentally" just fell of a 5 story balcony in russia. Amazing, isn't it?
So when did the department of Environment start dealing with assassination attempts?? I think the rush to smear Russia at any expense has got in the way of the #Truth Good luck with your latest version of events. I hope this one sticks for you  #BBClies
Those poor Russians. Getting the blame for the actions of themselves
Why isn't the person that administered it suffering .. 
It’s the British Bullshit Corporation News so it must be true.
@bbc but I remember reading your article that said it was smeared on the door handle like " gloop " you are not misleading people again are you ?
Last week it was gel on the door handle.

Next week powder in the post ?

The week after Colonel Mustard in the parlour ?

#makingitup
so it wasn't a powder on their door? who knew?
20 years later
So! That mean it's from Russia? Or when can the public see the full evidence and how UK managed to pin point where it came from?
Did the daughter do it & gave herself a small dose to cover up her actions maybe or accidenyky poisoned herself in the EXECUTION? She'd not long been back from Russia & had the most opportunity...
Was it Ernie? He drove the fastest milkcart in the west and maybe this was the getaway vehicle.
Maybe real reason skripals in hospital, overdose of magic mushrooms.
The #Truth is out there. Seek & you will find it. Don't follow the #GovernmentNarrative. #QuestionMore the #ChilcotReport & #MSM
keep on changing it
And we still don't know who done it
Just gonna leave this here.
Are you telling us
- they've only just discovered it was in liquid form?
- it's incredibly dangerous, but 6 weeks later they're only just beginning the clean-up operation?
Either they're lying, or incompetent, or both - utterly pathetic!
Or you are totally misinformed and over reacting
I thought Novichok didn't work on the door handle because it was damp/ foggy now put in liquid form  
Now DEFRA  not the home office are somehow incharge 
If in liquid form and in so many locations was it delivered by a dog pushing ? 
And the clean up operation 
Not only does #Putin  use our country as a killing ground, his use of deadly substances as a weapon shows absolute disregard for british civilian collateral damage
Who died ?
Killing ground lol
1 cat and 2 guinea pigs oh sorry that was 'our side'. 

Yes Litvenyenko but where is the actual evidence on Skripal 2 completely different cases .
Please refer to my original tweet for point made. On Skripal the evidence clear on balance of probability, attempted murder of abither russian 'traitor' using highly exotic substance developed in russia, on british soil. Motive, opportunity, means + previous history of crime
I personally think that May has more motive as she needed an excuse to use our missiles as she will directly benefit financially..
1/2 If @theresa_may thought bombing Syria was going to make this go away she's been very badly mistaken.

Her decision to blame Russia is based on a claim by an intelligence source that Russia was training to use Novichok produced at the Shikhany-2 in gel form for assassinations.
2/2 Britain has now proved that three elements of that intelligence source's claims are false.

So maybe as a British broadcaster it's time for you to stop lying for @theresa_may. 

Maybe stand with your country for once.
Yeah... Caligula, Nero, Alexander VI Borgia, Catherine de Medici, Marie Lafarge, Harold Shipman (from the suburbs of Manchester, by the way) ... Oh, wait! They were not Russian ...
And tomorrow it'll be something completely different. Oh aye.
and this:
Cant help think that if this was the work of Russian government they would have done the job properly.

oh, and read this: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/syria-chemical-attack-gas-douma-robert-fisk-ghouta-damascus-a8307726.html?amp&__twitter_impression=true …
"I SMELL SHITE. Yip definitely shite"
Are you sure? You could go 50/50 or phone a friend? Remember, this is for the jackpot.
Apparently this was the liquid used:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3-Quinuclidinyl_benzilate …

Still unreported by BBC, most UK media: Russia FM bombshell claim of BZ in #Skripal samples
1. Says Novichok in samples so pure would be fatal. Implication: samples interfered with…
Now are we sure this time? 
Not Russian made:
Says the Russian Times

Sounds legit
You should take both sides into account and then make you're own mind up. Follow RT and see for yourself.....
Just nerve agent now….no name, because it turned out to be not Novichok?
In Russian vodka perchance?
If you were Russia and you wanted to kill someone in the UK, would you use a nerve agent?. NO...because it would tie the crime straight back to Russia and that would be exceptionally stupid of Russia. So whats really going...
Who did it then Sherlock? Let's hear your theories.
Who can be sure. But the very Idea Russia would be that sloppy as to use a specific nerve agent like that, a nerve agent that would tie the crime directly to them is laughable...they simple wouldnt do it
The @OPCW seem to disagree. If you don't trust them, then frankly I'm not sure if any evidence would ever satisfy you.
I think you have to much faith in the establishment and there cronies, the older you get the more you realise you've been lied to and screwed by your own government. We are no better than Russia, the BBC is state propaganda, the guardian bought by the BBC is propaganda...
Aaaahhhh....So we are looking for a milkman with a dodgy English accent, shouldn't be too hard to solve the case, of the deadliest nerve agent, that's eerrr......not really deadly. I'll have to think of a catchier title for the book though!
Ernie?
Эрни, the fastest deadliest nerve agent ever deliverer in the West........Hmmm, still needs some work I think
Just makes no sense whatsoever. This deadly nerve agent was trailed all over Salisbury on a weekend and is still viable yet only 4 people were infected.
This gets more bizarre n incomprehensible a story by the day.
Murdering putin's finger prints are all over this shit!
It would appear the Tories now have three issues on the go, Syria, Russian poisoning and Brexit and they can now change the focus to anyone of them when things get too awkward.
Why has the #BBC not reported on this aspect of the attack? Has it anything to do with the points raised in the #ChilcotReport when the #MSM was highly criticised for following the #GovernmentNarrative? #QuestionMore
'Russia claims' does not mean their claim bears any relation to reality. Russia claims many things, the majority of which are bullshit. If you're interested in hearing bullshit Russian claims by the 'MSM', there's always @RT_com .
#Chilcot did not criticise @RT_com, he was scathing on how the #MSM #Sky #BBC fed the public the misinformation leading up to the #Iraq invasion. He went to great pains to point out how dangerous this was... following the government narrative & the need to #QuestionMore.
Russian - Spy poisoning:Was deadly VX nerve agent used.?
Don't think the word ,' deadly or 'Military should go with nerve agent used in Salisbury incident. These words should be replaced with, ' friendly ' what other agent comes in a convenient liquid form,also aerosol & allows you 4 to 7hours to enjoy food & drink
That's about the 10th version of lies now , this is getting embarrassing now .
So what were the recipes nine?Do tell??
How does that stick to door handles in the rain then?
Don't be silly!

Uk and US given case file on 'nerve agent  made in Russian lab'.
Porton down has all you need , inc. PK nerve agent used in Salisbury , and chemical attack was staged says doctor working in the basement hospital that it was filmed in . white knights are al-nusra and al-quaeda
Something like this?
A little slow advising this now after I went to the trouble of removing all my door handles. 
Who are the suspects? 
How is the #ManHunt progressing?
How much of this 'Deadly Agent' have they got?
Are the public at risk to another attack from the people who delivered it?
Old news. We moved on. We are concerned with more serious matters, like what will happen If humanity resurrects to realize religion was fake news.
Not via the medium of dance? #plottwist
The constantly changing lies
Liquid Form? Park Bench? Novichok or Special Brew?
Definitely novichok!!
Thought it was more like this personally... #skripal #spy #poisoning

MI5 agents can commit crime in UK, government reveals
What's the problem if they do break a few laws. If keeping you safe meaning breaking a few, so be it

Probably handled with care better than a @YodelOnline driver. Bet they didn’t just fuck it over the fence.
Best mistake I'll see all day. Fuck it over the fence, heh!
I meant to say fuck.
Prosit drink?
It was also made in the west as reported by the Swiss lab who tested it.
No it wasn't.
Tell him/her!
I mean maybe the Russians were right and the lab is lying but somehow I doubt it...
Only OPCW can comment this assertion.  But we can repeat what we stated 10 days ago: We have no doubt that Porton Down has identified Novichock. PD - like Spiez -  is a designated lab of the OPCW. The standa…
Why are they hiding the findings? If it was a slam dunk against the Russians they would have punished it. Complete false flag operation.
So the Swiss lab are lying then?
I don’t trust anyone.
But you did trust them when they were the 'proof' the UK was lying...
No shit
What?
I had money on it being in the form of dance.
Only if it was expressional free form
Now how did the “Department of Environment” get involved or come to this conclusion? Thought it was left to the OPCW to determine?
Not every thought is worth spewing especially when it lacks common sense.
#Skripal poisoning rattling #Russia
Ohhhh a new version of the story
How is it new? It's just more information.
Exactly. It's a continuously developing story as the investigation continues. I think these armchair Twitter Sherlock Holmes believe they would have had the full facts within minutes of it happening.
EAT POISON, SHIT GLORY!
A nice Putin blend of tea.

We all saw the tweet you deleted BBC.. if you didn't see it, I've added it below. Disgraceful stuff.

http://tweetsremoved.blogspot.co.uk/ 
