So, the Novichok story is a complete bs invented by the British govt. Why am I not surprised?
What do you reckon it was? Flu?
It wasnt MILITARY GRADE that is supposed to be 10 TIMES more powerful than VX nerve gas whatever it was
'Military grade' doesn't mean shit, Assad used military grade Sarin gas but they're poor in form. Lethality and danger of a chemical weapon depends on the treatments available. Chemical weapons are harmless as long as treatments are available. Hell, most dissolve in water.
So if that shit is true whats the point of developing them?
Remember, they were used in times of war where access to water and medical assistance were scare.
Tripe
Yeah ok mate, end of discussion.
I hope she makes a full recovery and is put in a safe place. She has gone through a terrible ordeal and may still lose her father.  A little kindness is in order
Let's hear her story then. Oh wait. I won't hold my breath waiting.
I am pretty sure she has told her story to the authorities. Her remaining alive to tell it is of great benefit to learn more about the Russian killings
We don't want to hear the authorities - better from the horse's mouth. Boris has already been caught out telling a massive porky. .
How much has the taxpayer given her?
Should she have been left to die?
When's the book deal or big brother appearance
I know .....years of her Russian father being a double agent involved in the murky world of crime,politics & espionage seems so unfair don't it......like complaining about being bitten by a lion whilst in their cage
...and taken to one of our Government's black ops, torture chambers, no doubt.
Torture is one of the worst ways of getting accurate information out of a person.
I don't think they want information out of her.   

They probably want her tortured to death like her guinea pigs.
Torture her to death? Mate, whatever you're smoking.
The only thing smoking around here are the incinerated dead bodies of those guinea pigs and a cat.
The logic of the conspiracy theorists: 
A gun is a lethal weapon. Man survives being shot.
It wasn't a gun.
False equivalence. so nul points.
Something puzzled me. Why is this deadly nerve agent not as deadly as the whole world thought? Why ppl exposed to nerve agent can still survive? So was she really poisoned by nerve agent?
It was created over 20 years ago. Medicine has made huge strides forward in that time and we are better at understanding and treating the symptoms.
Ha! Ha! Ha! Its upposed to be military drade and 10 X stronger than the deadly VX nerve agent ... you dont get better thats the point of it
This should befront page of every newspaper and on every tv channel, nhs in uk has found a new way for patients to survive lethal nerve agents ..........

If it was 'military grade' nerve agent then this doesn't make sense.
The agent has been around over 20 years. Hardly modern.
Queue the Russian keyboard warrior onslaught: “but how has she miraculously survived?”
Is that not a reasonable question?
It's certainly isn't a reasonable question to ask why the most lethal nerve agent known to man only leaves you bedridden for a few weeks.
Because 'bedridden for a few weeks' is a miraculous recovery
It depends on dosage and how it was administered and yes Novichok is undoubtedly one of the deadliest nerve agents known to man.
These Russians developed this thing for 10+ years , and gave the wrong dosage? These deadly assassins wiped it on a door handle in rainy England?
And your alternative explanation is...?
How has she survived miraculously was the question. The Russian link is the victim was Russian and was poisoned by a deadly chemical that can’t be identified as made in Russia and wasn’t deadly. Some doubt or no?
If anyone did it, it was Britain
Where is your bloody journalism? You have thousands of reporters & so called journalists. Where are the questions? Why are you not in the tiniest bit curious about the truth of this Russian poisoning 'story'?  Many citizens have not bought the Govt lies about this.

Do your job.
Exactly. Mainstream journalists have been cooped into the state, as I pointed out in my podcast:
Thanks for that.
So, following the "telephone call" her prognosis went from dire to miraculous. May and her war dog Foreign Secretary were caught on the back foot and, unlike the anti-semitism row in Labour, has dropped from the news broadcasts and #Torypress - #Torybias

So it wasn't so deadly then? Oh did someone at the scene had an antidote by pure chance ? What a lot of rubbish
You can literally google "nerve agent" and learn enough about it in five minutes to understand what's going on. People survive nerve agent attacks. People sieving bombings and shootings. Doesn't stop bombs and guns being deadly.
We’ve been told #YuliaSkripal has been discharged from hospital and 'taken' by British authorities (spooks) to a ‘secure location’ Yulias says she can't wait to be reunited with her cat and two guinea pigs!!! 
@bbc5live #r4today
Boris logic

1. Russia is the source of all evil.
2. Poisoning the Skripals was evil.
3. Ergo Russia did it!
More like it was staged
Who gets her exclusive first interview, the Mail or Newsnight?
Twelve page spread in Hello magazine!
"Gorgeous Yulia shows us around her new home"

Weeks ago you reported that a deadly nerve agent was used ... now you say different - can we trust you any more?
You can survive a nerve agent attack with the correct response.  It’s one of the reasons the military carry atropine into conflict.
Shush don't spread facts that may upset a person's conspiracy agenda!
She wasn't meant to live was she? 
Sh*t just got real!
Miraculous recovery after miraculous incapacitation! UK is all miracles!

But wait ... she was whisked off to a "secure location"? 

WHY IS UK HOLDING YULIA #SKRIPAL PRISONER?

Has @RussianEmbassy been granted access or is UK still flouting international law?
So you mean you want someone who has been poisoned once to be left on her own to be poisoned again? Given that this is a multinational story with implications for several major powers around the world, why do you think they are keeping her under watch?
You hired helicopters and had loads of journalists round Cliff Richards' house for some trumped up charge dating back decades. The release of a victim of an attack that might prove to be the catalyst for WW3 and all we get is - "The BBC understands"..... WTF.
With police protection I hope, and gloves.
Just saying.
Police n gloves mean something else in my mind
Something dodgy about this... Goes from being critical the other week to fine and discharged. 
"Woman makes recovery when given treatment"

Super spoopy
It’s the very definition of spoopiness.
Thanks to our brilliant NHS. Good luck Yulia.
And what of the Policeman who came to their aid? Anyone tweet me an update on his condition?
Policeman? He was a Detective Sergeant. Not a Police Constable. Not a Police Sergeant. He was a Detective Sergeant. Does it not strike you as odd that a Detective Sergeant was the first cop on the scene of 2 people taking ill in a park?
Wow, that's a quick recovery from the #deadly nerve agent. What did they say? 10 times more deadly than VX.........?
The Russians!
Wait? How? She’s alive.
The most important thing is to create fear. All govts do this. Easier to keep control.
I hope she doesn't go for this look when she turns up at the 'secure location'
Further damning evidence that the deadly nerve agent was manufactured and stockpiled in #CHADVALLEY

Anyone know how her father's doing?
Extremelywell. Rehearsing for Strictly dancing already

Let’s calmly establish all the facts calmly and calmly go through the processes that we have put in place in a calm way.
As Mrs #Litvinenko has been on numerous speaking shows, can we expect the same from #SkripalCase ? The people of #SalisburyChemicalAttack would like to hear what she has to say!
Netanyahu has ordered silence on this one
I still believe she is the suspect! She came from russia, poisoned her dad, now released to head back to russia. Once shes home she'll never come back
She may still ask for political asylum in America
 Doubt if she return to Russia. She will be a targetm
If she was a target, why wouldnt russia kill her in russia rather than waiting for her to get to the uk? Makes no sense!! Her dad was the target and she did it!
Who is going to  pay their hospital bill? Nhs?  She needs to be protected from any Russian.
cause it was announced a few days ago she was getting better i imagine,
Absolute shambles, someone's telling porkies and I don't think it's the reds.
Miracle recovery? Wasn't poisoned? I actually say her recovery was down to the professionalism, dedication and the hard work of nurses, doctors, carers of our wonderful #NHS
So it was food poisoning from the shellfish risotto #SkripalCase
So glad she managed to evade crowds of shrieking reporters and photographers.
Shush 
Up yours!
Classy
Most dangerous nerve agent, British medical care is the world's best! Woooow.!
BOJO and Theresa pack your bags and just go!
So you're disappointed that they aren't dead? Chemical weapons are only harmful if treatments aren't available. Research.
I'm greatful they are alive and well. And now they can speak and tell what really happened
There is a greatest adv of UK medicine, is not it? I guess it is a main reason of this fake issue.
Why do Radio 5 presenters never apologise for making a mistake, when this story broke @NickyAACampbell said it was his niece who was poisoned. On live radio mistakes happen but to carry on as if nothing has happened is unforgivable.
Sorry.
Looks like Russian chemical weapons are harmless!
 true
Here is another interesting truth - go to:
As a survivor of the first military grade nerve agent used in Europe since WW2 I hope she goes on to lead a happy and healthy life.
Рoor the guinea pig and the cat of Julia, who cremated the British government.
@yllekonadnerb @BBCNews Yulia up and discharged after a dose of Novichok for which there is NO ANTIDOTE!Any Questions Anybody?
Oh! I hope she will be careful and safe!
I hope they do not send them to the US. Trump is a suspected traitor and in bed with Putin. I am glad they are recovering and hope they can keep them safe.
Crazy how supposedly the most dangerous nerve agent in the world was used but she has well very fast and so is her father,when most specialist and anyone who’s knows anything about the nerve agent supposedly used this is amazing that it can happen. It’s all 1 massive cover up
Every credit both her and her father plus a bobby have survived one of the most deadly nerve agents known to man. These Russians are pretty tough people best not mess with them. Or maybe it's all to do with a lying tory government using this to deflect brexit stuff.
A military grade nerve agent that kills 100% of people who come in contact to it and the only deaths are guinea pigs and a cat - both through neglect. The quickness to blame Russia kind of makes you think this Government had something to hide - a certain data analytic group?
Thank god she is well again whoever did it.
Maybe you could do some real 'investigative' journalism for a change and explain all the gaping holes in this sorry saga instead of mostly parroting gov't propaganda
Do you really believe that more than a month of hospitalization is indicative of mild intoxication?
Another hopeless interview with Tony Blair and now Tracey ...how long is BBC keeping him.
Poor lady, glad she made it!
Ya so much for nerve agents that can kill in 20 seconds , or the 350 finest that can only come up with proberbly might have been Russia .
Will she prescribed Immodium or some such for the likely food poisoning Novo Virus that made them upchuk from both ends?
if miltary grade nerve agent surely they shd b dead-glad they r not!
y is yulias cousin not allowed 2 visit her?
y were we told v recently she was critical
gd news  recovering but the msm has given us so many contradictory stories can we have some clarity and honesty and evidence
Bizarre comments
Who’s paying for the hospital bill?
You should probably keep her away from anyone with a Russian accent...
man who did that.. another Russian? they seem to be crazy, and don't care if they take others lifes... sad...
She's been discharged meaning she's out
yeah but someone tried to kill her
So before that gas can wipe a whole town, then restaurant...anyone near park, on the bench, only 3 people are seriously affected. Then policeman is fine and them too. Well and talking as nothing happened. What's going on? Get your story straight bbc
Who said it was a gas?

Who said the attack happened near the park bench?
Good news.
Yes but what will she do for rest of her life watching over her shoulder watching what she eats. She may not be so lucky next time. Just proves what excileent and professional doctors we have in the UK
I'm sure this will be worked out.
Never give in to the fearmongers.
Thank You for mailing me Your concerns.
that's a magical miracle ...
novichok lite, for chubby diet
Not like it's been known about for over 20 years. I'm sure someone figured out an antidote since then.
lol.
that means UK has the very substance that poisoned the skripals.
Or managed to get hold of the antidote from the ruskies....
The possibilities are endless.
lol..
asked the russians for the antidote for a substance they don't have ? 
what a farce.
The agent used "Novichok" was invented and manufactured in Soviet Russia.
I also doubt they "asked" for said antidote, probably more aquired it.
aquired ? from who ? the a234 testing facility was dismanteled by US in 99.
i doubt they asked for an antidote to a substance that wouldn't exist.
in additio, an aantidote must be tested etc.. 
they were highly likely poisoned by a UK substance.
Novichok was developed between '71 & '93. The facility may been shut down but you think they don't have at least some stockpiled?

They've had 20 years to get samples and figure out an antidote.
Amazing that a district hospital had the measures in place to deal with this nerve agent

And I can't even book an appointment with Doctors on 4 weeks notice.
Every ambulance in the country has staff, equipment and drugs to deal with this situation.

#CBRN
District hospitals have measures to deal with on-going treatment on Novichock poisoning.
My main hospital doesn't have hand sanitiser on main entrance.
What ongoing treatment do you think is required?
Use of PPE and decontamination areas?
Hospitals have #PRPS PPE and wet decontamination facilities for #CBRN agents. That's assuming this agent required wet decon. Dry decon much easier. Ongoing care won't require PPE.
So once a patient has had dry (#IOR) or wet decon, no specialist PPE should be required ongoing.

NB Exceptions would include some radiological circumstances (not dissimilar to medical radiological patients) and offgassing after ingestion of cyanides, phosphides or sulphides.
You're obviously are far more informed than me on subject so I'll happily concede.
Keep up the good work, you lot do an incredible job
What is the role of Pablo Miller in this case ? @BBCBreaking @BBCNews, can you please investigate !!
I smell some bs. I thought it was supposed to be lethal and you can't recover. Clearly wasn't what they said it was.
And no-one heard from her yet... not even her relatives r allowed to see her
Has theBBC seen her does the BBC have ant verification of this,or should swe just accept it as it is British information.
USA & Britain used Chemical Weapons in Iraq 

WATCH THIS >
Boris Johnson "Fabulous NHS chappies are decidedly whizzes with nerve agents, and what have you"
What a load of sh.te

#
All a bit weird...
Liars. If you told me it's raining I would go outside to confirm first.
Hope she's up for a good glass of wine now.. never seems to be photographed without one :))
People throughout the world celebrate as they learn nerve agents aren't lethal.
It must be assumed that this was not a very dangerous nerve agent, was it? I would like to finally see and hear Yulia. Although after a month of imprisonment in the hospital, when neither the Russian consul nor her cousin was admitted to her, we will receive a big surprise
BBC, ask the government why they are hiding her and is that covert status being maintained with her informed consent? If you dare defy your masters at Conservative Central Office for once. #BBCbias #OnePartyState
Ask Yulia to give live interview on the chemical attack,so we know it's her words and not someone else's.
Shittest nerve agent ever
https://twitter.com/RussiaConnects/status/983673108522520577 … .......
REHEARSAL FOR DOUMA.
https://twitter.com/pechosboys/status/983508056159019008/video/1 …
@CNNi @BBC @BBCNewsnight @BBCWorld @NBC @CNBC @MSNBC @ABC @dw_politics @DeutscheWelle @Guardian @Independent …
Good.  I wish her well.
Poor girl,  will always be looking over her shoulder. Give her a new life,  new  ID.  and a future,  but she may chose the limelight
She's not 'ours' shes a Russian Citizen!
You people need to stop listening/subscribing  to the BBC war popoganda machine... nothing but a peddler or lies. Where is the REAL  INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALISM here?
#FreeYuliaSkrpal from forced abduction by the UK state.
I hope the NHS are going to charge Russia for her health care.
SHE WILL BE USED TO ENGAGE INTO AGGRESSION. CHINESE PRESIDENT IS CORRECT THAT DOFFERENCES SHOILD BE ADDRESSED IN A COVIL MANNER EVEN WITH SWORN ADVERSARY.
The logic of the faily mail if its got a funny name must be the filthy foreigners
Much investigation is needed rather than accusing Russia directly
Grant her asylum !!!
Great news, although I start to wonder about the lads in the first Gulf war, taking anti nerve agent tablets months prior to conflict. Carrying Atropine syringe’s for immediate injection if coming into contact with nerve agent. Carrying S10 respirator/NBC suit.
She got lucky....
Maybe it’s just me, but I wouldn’t be shouting from the rooftops that she was released after someone failed to murder her
"& welcome, to the long awaited sequel to "Dumb & Dumber!" Starring ..? Theresa May & Boris Johnson also starring; "The Three Stooges, Sergei & Yulia Skripal & Vladimir Putin!" (Music) - Chorus.. "It's time to face the music; it's time to light the lights. It's time to..? Etc..!"
She is a Russian citizen. Please send her back to Russia and restore our BBC to us. We are sick and tired of listening to this Fake news about Novichok.
Hope she stays safe
@BBCBreaking @BBCNews
If this was indeed a nerve agent as 'the authorities' claim, she would not be getting discharged. Someone or someones REALLY wants a big war with Russia for some reason. Could it be that the massive EU ponzi scheme is about to run out of money and society needs a distraction?
for the love of God keep bodyguards on her. Putin's miffed he didn't get a larger body count on this hit.
Note to self, pass on the spicy blowfish when visiting the UK.
Please respect Yulia Skripal’s privacy until after 3rd May.

Shell be doing the rounds of the V studios then tomorrow along with the Policeman nobody has seen since he left hospital.......
"So there's a cure after all" you can literally go back to normal from the most deadliest powerful dangerous &  poison known to human?  Am surprised #litvenonko widow is on mute about this, normally this is her expertise when it comes to russian spies. Someting make me go hmm!
Comments from the UK are way more polite, (even the sarcastic ones), compared to those from the USA. 

Feel like a cuppa tea love? Only if you're having one! LOL 


To spend the rest of her life looking over her shoulder.
@SenSchumer
@GovHowardDean
@sfpelosi
No doubt already contacted by Russian 'friends.'
British lies unfolding one by one.
Geez, the amount of conspiracy nutjobs and armchair experts in this thread is sad.
The most deadly substance in the world..... And she walks away.

No interest from the mainstream media, with regards to finding & arresting the suspect/s.

Is it any wonder that so many people are sceptical about this?

This will spell the end for this government. Trust is gone.
On the news this morning. They've taken her to a safe house. Not going to publicise that and have the Sun reporters following her
Let’s wait for the media circus to kick in
What about Syria? Propaganda
Run and hide
Will we now find out more about this story, or will the truth be suppressed?
Was she even there? Not a photo let alone a video of anyone coming in or out of that hospital. This is horse shit, those who believe authorities, when was the time your well-being was their priority?
Great. Leave her alone
She did it. Just my theory.
Absolutely love the British public, they know more about nerve agents than Porton Down, know more about military intelligence than the military intelligence and know how to run the country better than the government.
maybe they investigate
Which kind of poison? Rat killer? 
Maybe mosquito spray?
Just to much vodka.
Deadly Nerve Gas . .not so Deadly then

How looks real face of british foreign policy

P.S. Don't remove my comment again - remember freedom of speech! If you know what is it
I hear that putin is in fact a turtle in a mans body!
Can't have been that much wrong then???
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anna_Chapman … Can't help thinking about the 'Sexy Russian Spy' Anna Chapman
All a bit fishy.....
Good and cheering information.
Military grade nerve agents my ass..
After all 
Most children don’t need to worry about being poisoned by Russia, wish you health and safety and a safe place if need be.


Didn't a relative say it was food poisoning?
Hope we never have to go to war over this, the Russians will walk all over us, looking at these comments the door will be held open for them
Russia will not go to war over comments. The purpose of all this is to bring fear. Turn attention away from the domestic issues.
Russia will already be planning to bump her off.
gee i hope she's somewhere safe
Understanding is not knowing.
And? And? And? Are you a news organisation or a home for celebrities? Guess what I want to know. Go on have a guess.
I pray that she is properly protected.

Putin attempt two, starts now ! He wants them dead !
Putin is fast losing the trust in him ! This will force more nations2 distance away from Russia. Worth it ?
Sergei and Yulia Skirpal 'may never recover fully ' after Salisbury nerve agent attack.
Ministry of Justice please can you look into Skripals poisoning & there fate. No need to look what happened & who's responsible this I already Know Poisoned by UK, USA, with (Novice) agent, Just are they alive & show us they are still alive.

So, where is she?
Excellent! Only DANGER now is being offered a new identity & new home- for their own, er, ‘security’. #DeepStateInPanic #DeepStateCabal can then dispose of her, & her father, and noooo one will ever know! Great plan #DeepState
Oh dear guess we messed up big time, am sure they’ll play this out as spin about our wonderful hardworking nurses and doctors in the amazing NHS, am all for the praising but am starting to wonder if they were ever poisoned with a nerve agent

Imagine if this just turned out to be some amateur with some acid.
That novichok's rubbish.
Safe house?
Thanks for letting everyone know
Hmm..what does she know, and what has she said?
Hope she has paid her medical bill.
BBC understands what
Poisoning is a jerk face move! Intense IMO preparing for something BIG!
then what?
Off to make wads of cash from newspaper and tv interviews I guess..
How long before she is found having "commited suicide".
It appears she caught that really bad strain of flu  ...week 1,2,3 Coma, week 4...recovery, week 5 bit of rest and back to Zumba on Thursday.
Hope she has a security detail.
Hope she has protection, she really needs to speak in public soon with her thoughts.  This will be big if she really feels unsafe in UK she will be back to Russia in hours, seriously doubt this will happen, Russia are worried that why they want to meet Boris to blackmail him
@XadrezVerbal
