Really, I can't believe North Korea will live up to this promise..
Let us watch And see the outcomes..
@kbwrUgbornEA
So they save money they don't have to be spending and they get to save face..
Thank God
Thank you @realDonaldTrump All peace lovers thank you for your strength and wisdom. Great to have Japanese PM Abe and South Koreans recognize all you have achieved to help bring peace to their region #koreansummit #MAGA #trump
Didn't the site cave in?

Thank you President Trump
I hardly welcome the idea of closing down those various nuclear test site in South Korea. And I hope that it should not be limited to only north Korea but the entire world as a whole.
Let’s say it together «Thank you President Trump»
I wonder where it will be relocated 
the most harmless country that only made nuclear bomb for his defensive deterence unlike the most dangerous nuclear arms in hands of israel,the us and nato countries that no body ever asked them.this is the world most democracy but western like.
i kinda think our special OPS took care of that last fall.


【拡散希望】「集団ストーカー認知・撲滅」安倍幾多郎「著」
戦後、日本人がやられて来たことが良くわかる良書です。スイス政府発行の「民間防衛」にも通じるところが…
yes
Hoping it will stay closed till eternity
http://www.amazon.com/Sharia-Exposed-Farzana-Moon/dp/0996663452/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1458732620&sr=1-1&keywords=Sharia+exposed …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
@BBCBreaking

EDM power Baby pop 1
It's even more vivid when you listen to it through earphones!!! 

RHETORIC, PROPAGANDA, and HALF TRUTHS are North Korea's primary exports.

Edm World Baby pop u2 1-1 
Hope this is real, and not a false overture to A Korea because of fear free countries would air strike them and hit nuclear bomb sites, which would cause untold deaths, and misery for years around them. God help us all.
@_camillc more progress!! 
Congrats!!!!

well done trump

I give this song to the England baby who went to heaven first.
Jesus Christ  Amen1-1 
Test site collapsed because rocket man went to inspect site, but he was to fat so it collapsed.
Could it be because it's collapsed under a mountain!
Please cover #PTIMinarePakistanJalsa
Little rocket man is no more!! #maga and make the world great again.
@BBCBreaking
Yeah yeah.
Let's now focus on Israel crimes and nukes....
When it happens I will believe it.
No credit to Trump, eh BBC ? Not in line with your boss Soros' view on the world 
BBC: KIM JONG-UN is taking everybody for a fool. Nuclear site to close down in MAY. It is like when you have done it all and have no further use for it! Big test is destroy all weapons KIM has. Straight Jacket trying to FREE himself? TRUMP to end weapons?
Step-by-step diplomacy seems to work the best over a period of time to slowly but surely solve problems for better and more safe life humans on Earth
Amazing news..... let's hope this is true 

 
But nothing whatsoever to do with Trump... NOT!
My instinct says this doesn’t add up.  N. Korea has a pattern of behavior and this is all happening so fast.  I hope it’s not a trap.

edm baby song 2~ 
That’s cause they don’t need now that they have a weapon - so not much to give up!
First toys 'r' us and Maplin, now this. Poor workers.
May God bless them if this will be a perfect promise.
Let’s be real here. North Korea was just aiming to try and make the world take them serious. I guarantee that they don’t have ICBMs and you just know that when a country is still using t-34s they are not to much of a threat. Although cyber warfare is still an issue.
No point in arguing. We’ll all be dead in a month or so.
It’s the end of the world as we know it. (and I feel fine).

 
Misread that then. Thought it said it would “close in ON May” 
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump for your assistance.
anything you want to say to President Trump? just asking
Is he just closing it as he has all the weapons he needs now?
I thought it was like supposed to happen last week????
135 yıldır hiçbir orduya karşı esir vermeyen İngiliz Kuvvetleri Kutü’l-Amare'de teslim oldu! (29 Nisan 1916) 

5'i general 13309 esir alındı. 

#KutülAmare Zaferini Unutma! Unutturma!
 
Kut bayramınız kutlu olsun. 

Mutlu Pazarlar
Yeah because it's no longer operational. There are two more, South Korea should question why they aren't closing one of those.
That site was already collapsed. nothing new
I'm going to take credit for this.
All of this happening so quickly and all of a sudden  NK’s  change of mind, something doesn’t sound right here. But nevertheless good for the world.
Whatever reason behind it, one of the good news that today’s world needed.

This isn’t because of the recent meeting with the South, it’s because it collapsed completely after the last nuclear test and is unusable
It's merging with asda and Sainsbury's. Oops wrong story.
Yes, had heard that a couple of wks ago .... oh well, as long as he doesn't start to build on another site then ....
It's a shame, all these people will be unemployed, not being able to feed their families.
Why are people thanking @realDonaldTrump for this, he did not help, he forgot or didn't bother to set up US Embassy in SK, nor did the US directly apply pressure, it ' three countries NK, SK and China, showing that without the US meddling they work better on there problems
As if this is gonna happen he's a loon plain and simple and they don't suddenly get better from that sort of  illness
So what. Find the nukes and missiles and destroy them along with bomb making capacity. @POTUS @VP @DeptofDefense @realDonaldTrump @StateDept @WhiteHouse @GOP
PLEASE tell your news presenters the word is NUCLEAR and NOT NUCULAR as your lady presenter on the 08.00 TV news. 
Grumpy old man moment over ...
Boooop https://www.gofundme.com/dollarforgoodproject …

That’s because a mountain has collapsed on top of it...
It's already collapsed and unusable after the previous tests have pulverised the rock. He's closing nothing.l
I see Trump is getting a lot of praise for this sudden turnaround but something has obviously happened in the background for such a drastic change of direction. If trump was responsible he would be shouting it out. I have a feeling China are heavily involved.
It has shown that North Koreans want a peaceful world. Other nations must learn from this young president.
We should think of the poor arms dealers that will now no longer be able to sell weapons to SK because of these talks.... #followthemoney

South Korean animation film " Baby dinosaur " Dooly
Baby name (Hee dong -Go) 
Itchy Beard.
I wonder what happened to this man, suddenly changed his mind
China happened.
heard something about it blowing up.. not long ago.
Would that be the one reported to be unusable due to the mountain collapsing?
Trump has done a fantastic job 
Watch USA start doing trade deals with North Korea  very soon ?...
hail kim saviour of the universe
PROPAGANDA Kim Jong Un is NOT that DUMB! Know the MEANING of “SUSPEND!”   LOL!and There is a reason WHY the Whites/Caucasians NEVER saw the  coming of the Utica International Embassy’s “NEW” Government!  https://www.slideshare.net/secret/16jDaJ9FdBeTK7 … Need we publish the  KOREAN  email advising UNIFY!
I’m sure Trump will take credit for this.
Who do you think pressurised NK into this and how? I’d say Trump is the main person to take credit for this along with a lot of others.
Of course it will. He has got what he needs...
Is this the same one that collapsed and is filled with radioactive debris?
They were never a force compared to the USA. Neither is Russia. They simply don’t have the technology.
The one that's literally a handclap away from crumbling? Okay... 

@sniley
That would be lovely.
People must be really stupid if they think that North Korea will give up it's nuclear weapons just like that.
If it happens to close what about that were employed there will they remain unemployed??
Its archaic and has served its purpose.
Yea. And I’m gonna stop drinking alcohol in May. (Fingers crosses behind back)
Hope for World peace they are telling the truth. Un may keep a couple under his bed for safe keeping!
Is there a strategic reason for North Korea's decision to stop nuclear testing? #mchslang19
Pressure from Donald Trump and others becoming overwhelming
Should say with Theresa may in it
Trump is Super Star

because they blew it to smithereens during their last test....
So when is your article coming with this headline? "Trump Policies Cause 1000's to Lose Their Jobs" @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @Nigel_Farage
All they prepared had gone finish. How Trump deals with this threat
Thank you President Trump!
if this is true, how about disseminating the US  and Russian nuke facilities aslo
Thank God
That must have been a catastrophic collapse.
Open the Gulags etc then we'll know we're maybe not being played. If he does then we can be maybe more assured he's not playing with politicians such as Trump etc eager for a easy and quick win. He's a master tactician and a leopard doesn't change it's spots this quickly.
Good news.
I read that headline as ..’close in on May...’ and I was hopeful
Sure after they take  all the goodies to a safe place in China that's how stupid they know our government is  
We are doomed
At the WSMCR we are the ultimate cheer leaders for the coming space mining revolution. Never before in all human history will there be such an easy avenue to secure great wealth. Learn more: http://WSMCR.org 
Nobel Prize! Nobel Prize!

It already closed with a giant implosion. Trump will most likely take credit for this happening.
Yeah, tell us the real reason why?
Could it be an earthquake fucked everything up?
#BidingTime
Uh, and you think there is only one?? OK then..
Thank you Pres Trump!
And there are no chemical weapons in Syria.
Tentative trust subject to solid verification necessary 3very step along the way,
its a very good & proper initiatives for the world,  also north koria.....
Viva laquintabrigada
A FEW MORE TESTS FIRST!!!
Plot twist... we dead by next month
Something stinks! I do not believe NK is done with anything!
RT @BBCBreaking: North Korea's nuclear test site will close in May, South Korea says. https://bbc.in/2r8g2w0 
It's fucked anyway! Lol!! Wtf!!??
You mean the old mountain site destroyed by a 6.7 earthquake?
Can we trust?????
I would not be so quick to trust these people without reservation. Remember the treachery of the Cylons.
Even though the NK nuclear research plant collapsed a short time ago, the fact that NK is seeking reconciliation means that they have come to the conclusion that they have no other cards to play except a full surrender and unity with SK to stay alive.

It’s almost official now. 
Very good.
I feel like I've missed something. How has Trump managed to 'disarm' Kim Jong Un who is infamous for keeping North Korea separate from the world, for having attempted defectors killed and being so adamant about nuclear weapons. How's this been agreed? I'm SO intrigued.... How?!
Trump managed? 
China is the real winner.
Bring on American capitalism, neo colonism
Job well done South Korea 
And Donald Trump and all the others who put huge pressure on NK
Breaking News in 
In indonesian, all the people indonesian "Said replace president jokowi" 
#2019replacethepresidentIndonesian
#2019GantiPresiden
Wow ! Big news ! I’m so honored to be a witness to this agreement ! Let’s see more opportunities to get along better !! Thankful 
Now it’s the time of the USA , USSR etc to denuclearise their weapons of mass destruction which are ready to be used. It could take one wrong move to trigger them. There are no guarantees it could never happen. Save this world while we can.

People living in South Korea will sleep without any sound of missiles, why North and South, merges, because all genetic culture is same, religion is same, their DNA same, they must think on merger like East and West Germany, talk can started by their wives.
The experiment site was broken by the earthquake and it became useless. Korea and North Korea are liars.

#NorthKorea 
#nuclearweapons 

#Panmunjom 
#PanmunjomDeclaration
Something is wrong.. this isn’t only for peaceful intentions .
I bet people are trying to say trump gets credit for this...no. no he doesn't.
How do you close a collapsed mountain?
So, in other words, their test phase is over and they're good to go.
As in that's when the area will be fully evacuated?
This is fantastic news! While many will try to spout their political views, this is our generation’s Berlin wall! I hope these advances lead to prosperity for the NK citizens who have been starved physically, intellectually, spiritually, and emotionally for so many decades!
#TrumpForNobelPeacePrize

Rough translation "that when we will have all the bodies dug out from the mountain collapse"
Nukes accomplished
Why do you think it's closed you morons after six nuclear tests it won't B safe for anyone to go anywhere near it
The mountain has been caving in for  weeks so I guess that means all the equipment will be removed that hasn't been crushed the only reason they're stop testing is they blew the site up from the last test
This is Yuge!
How Amazing !!
Well yes, it’s already collapsed so it’s useless now.
It was falling apart. It Had to be closed anyway. That Little Trickster!
sorry..US intelligence reported that the site is usable...24 hours ago . You know they would have checked by satellite
Thanks for that. We’ll see as things progress. Hard to believe that this Little Dictator has gone from a Lunatic to Mr Reasonable in such a Very Short time.
The satellite viewed huge carts being used to remove earth from the collapsed tunnel into passes through the mountains..
Verify ???
Reported that the site is unsafe due to previous explosions, the mountain is affected by earth quakes.
North Korea's pledge to dismantle nuclear site is a welcome step but verification  will be tough.
verification is the sword on which every agreement has fallen.
"CLOSE" is not good enoug!
h
I thought everyone is saying they basically blew it up already, but okay - yay
Didn’t it collapse from an earthquake?
an earthquake from all the bombs they blew up under a mountain...
That’s good news 
The sank the dang thing, it's already closed.  Keep up BBC
further tests.
I think they substituted Kim Jong Un with a sane person/we witnessed a miracle.
North Korea's nuclear test site has collapsed according to South China Morning Post and that was the reason of Kim Jong Un's suspending
Tbh probably means they're setting all the workers their P60 lol
Or P45 idk which one people get when sacked or acquitted of their job
I don't believe in this what you call peace.. There's something going to happen..
Regardless of what we think of Trump, I highly doubt this current scenario would be anywhere near as identical without his political pressure on . The  foreign secretary certainly believes so anyway.
Moon is a much bigger factor, the last south Korean leader refused to deal with n. Korea at all.  Trump just plays golf.  Not sure about pompeo yet.
