OMG, please help us, so depressed to hear these kind of news
The Photographers and Journalists that cover ANYTHING in Afghanistan are truly Brave Warriors, they risk there lives doing what they love. It’s a sad time at the BBC. They have the Bravest in the World out in the field. And some of the kindest at Heart also.  Semper Fidelis
Funny decision, knowing where danger is...then go there for the love of what you're doing...its easy to say they're brave but families behind suffers the lost...BBC will always be there, no matter how many are gone....what BBC cares about its business.
This paragraph could also describe the US Government and it’s Military. It’s the actual Person that makes the difference. I truly agree with your Business only perspective though. I’ve seen that first Hand. Semper Fi.
So sad & Tragic. Today a massacre of #Afghan journalists carried out in #Afghanistan from #Kabul to #Khost but all this as a result of American & NATO invasion
Good try but cannot blame the west for the continued bombing, this was happening pre 2001 #Facts
Pre 2001... Don't forget US and allies launched a war in #Afghanistan in 1979, so US and allies are root cause of #KabulBlast #KabulBleedsAgain & again
HAHAHA get a grip lad! victim mentality gets you nowhere in life! I also think you will find that was the Ruskies, not quite a NATO ally...
It simply means you are supporting the terrorism especially against Muslims. Have a shame & get a life
Come on big lad! You complain if we try to teach you how to fight back, and moan it we do nothing. Hence my assertion you just like being a victim, its easier than confronting the issues. I couldn't careless if you worship a unicorn, so don't try and play the religion card.
I am not playing any card & i don't think there is any need to play a card, when everything is clear. US/NATO bombed Iraq on the excuse of Weapons of Mass destruction, result death & destruction. Bombed Afghanistan result lawlessness, death & destruction, Libya, Somalia & more
Lol clutching at straws pal, what has any of that got to do with the Stan? You keep on banging the drum of sympathy, you blame everyone but yourselves for the continued violence. So you can carry on crying or make a change to the status quo
Great compassion shown for one of your own

Amen  
#ISI new terror tactic to maximise civilian casualties in a suicide attack was conducted in Kabul today; one attacker detonated his device in a crowded area & as the aid workers & journalists rushed to the serene the 2nd attacker ambushed the crowd disguised as a cameraman. #Evil
The left are celebrating
No, we arent. Baseless claims dont get you anywhere
Condolences to all the families who lost someone in the blast today will it never end
STRONGLY Condemns #KabulBlast Condolences with Families of Abdullah Hananzai,Maharram Durrani & Sabawoon Kakar other who lost their lives in Blast 

Shocking. May his soul Rip. May Janhatul fridaus be his final abode.
Muslim leaders are mired so deep in their lies, zeal, corruption that how many Muslims are being killed by Muslims in the slaughterhouses of Kabul, Syria, Iraq, Yemen, just to name a few, are insignificant to them in contrast to their greed and ambition
WHY the hell are foreign troops still in Afghanistan ?
I’d say he fought for the truth which makes him a true believer   inshallah he’ll make to heaven, 
Tremendous loss.
So sorry!
Good  Night with sadness.
Rip

Amen 
Omg very sad
Warring #Arab nations and their raging mad people....Western people should keep out of there and let them kill themselves. May he rest in peace.
Live by the sword, die by the sword comes to mind
That relates to someone who uses weapons or fights then gets killed. He was a reporter.   My quote would be. You dance with the devil.....
It's always sad when innocent lives are lost but the West should not be in #Afghanistan in the first place.
In an act of pure terror. The way these attacks were carried out is absolutely upsetting. RIP.
Deepest condolences.

South Korea Ver. Psalms of God 40
song~ Amen 
Unless BBC stop covering attacks, they will be always  reporters victims...
seems like they need to register all bombs but the NBA (national bomb association) prevents this and the banning of them. Their walmart is removing them from their shelves but the local hardware stores have a sale on pipe and other do it yourself  stuff to make explosive vests.
There r 10s of terrorist training camps locatd in the area across Haripur-Mansehra-Azad Kasmir, plus camps in FATA.Around 60k madrasas raise extremist terrsts & thr r intitutions such as Da’awa Academy aimed at radicalizing Army. Majority ISIS membrs in Afg consistd of FC militia
Religion of peace strikes agsin
I bet you pray everyday for that kind of news.
So sad ,may his soul rest in eternal peace
RIP
Please stop this henious acts
This is sad.
Will carry on for another 100 years. Leave them to it!
Very sad news 
The Religion of Peace 
Mindless
/ May He R.I.P + Condolences to His Family & Colleagues!!!
Sad incident but Afghan govt must put it's house in order instead of sponsoring anti Pak campaign inside Pak. Otherwise you will keep loosing sight of your problems and exhaust your energies on non issues
These is bad news
May he rest in peace.
Sad news, our condolences are with the family.
It's high time for Afghan govt to focus on it's internal turmoil instead of sponsoring PTM inside Pak. Instigating pashtuns for greater pashtunistan etc won't pay you rather you will keep loosing sight of your real issues. Think about it @ashrafghani
Very sorry to hear this news. My condolence.  RIP.
It never ends.
What a waste of precious life !

#Afganistan #KabulBlast #Kabul #khost
Why can`t the taliban stop the gun battle and focus on making peace. Ooooh
Sad news, our thoughts are with the family
Innalilahi was inalahi rajeoon
main ban jaaoun wahan reporter kitni pay mile gi?
Who is best ?
Adil?kkkkk
Here's the tweet BBC deleted VERY quickly 

http://tweetsremoved.blogspot.co.uk 
Great compassion shown for one of your own
They're not allowed to show favoritism, even to their own staff.
Well....
