What a little fighter , he could have had a chance if the courts allowed. What moral standing do the courts have to decide who lives and dies - further shame on the UK
"Terminal illness" means there is no chance, it's just trying to keep them comfortable until they pass.
Should the subsequent handling of said “terminal illness” be handled by the parents, or dictated by your government?
The government was never involved at any stage.
So who told him his parents couldn’t take him to italy? The local pta?
A judge. Read the full story. It's all there.
Ah yes, thank you for clearing that up. My american education had me under the impression that someone carrying “legitimate authority” was preventing the parents from moving their child -hey, wait a minute...
A judge's decision, based on advice from medical professionals, to not prolong his suffering.

The judiciary is not the government in the UK.
The Doctors and the judge have blood it their hands 
Do you not know what terminal means?
Do you always believe that doctors have the monopoly on being right or are you too stupid
Who has more knowledge on the subject?
I suggest you look up Ashya King before you defend the doctors pal. 
He would be dead now if his parents hadn’t taken him to Spain for treatment!!
At the end of the day the parents should always have the last word!!
Firstly, that is a very different case. Alfie was brain dead.
Second, they made the right call, you can't know that the prescribed chemo and radiotherapy would not have worked, travelling with that tumor could have killed the kid. The parents were lucky not right.
Bull shit. The parents should always have the final say not a judge. End of story.
I do know that he was terminally ill and would have eventually died but that decision should be made by his parents. That is the issue here
Government controlled health care. THEY make the decisions on who lives or dies.
As someone who clearly has more experience in healthcare (sister on a ward) I can categorically say it’s the doctors and other HEALTHCARE professionals and family that make decisions based on facts. Leave the family to greave their loss and go educate yourself
Why does every nurse on social media possess this smug sense of entitlement that allows them to think they are more informed than anyone about anything, just because “ill have you know, im a nurse”

Whoopity fucking doo
Well I have a degree and have continued professional development in many areas of nursing so I feel I have more of an insight. I wouldn’t comment on an IT technician job because I’m NOT in that field of work.... . But by all means go to uni and train!!
Does a combat lifesaver course count enough for me to be allowed an opinion?
Do you work in the NHS? Do you Witness the amazing care received daily by the dedicated staff? Have you read the court transcripts?
Ah, so now not only do i need to be a nurse to have an opinion on this subject, but now i need to work in the nhs too? Keep moving that goalpost to help mitigate that a court approved death panel has final say on who lives and dies
Oh I really cannot be bothered arguing with you. Read the court transcripts. He was being taken care of in the best way with his interests at the heart of it all. Working in the heart of the nhs DOES give me more perspective!!
#AlfieEvans starved to death by #UK strong-arm govt 

#RestInPeaceAlfie
You’re probably not a fan of facts, but...
He was terminally ill. No treatment could help him. None. The doctors didn’t want to put him through travel and further treatment when it could never work. It isn’t humane. They fought to give him dignity.
How many time are doctors wrong in diagnostic medicine with how much time people have left or response from treatment?
Alfin had been semi brain dead for over a year 
there wasn't anything to treat besides a body that never realized it died long time ago
To me, they had two options. Let him stay, & definitely die. Or let him go to Italy, & possibly die. Better yet, possible live. I would take the latter. The parents were not taking risks for fun, they were trying to do the most that they can. I wish science would understand love.
you don't come back from brain death 
even if the Italians somehow "cured" him he would be about as "alive" as cucumber
is it really "love" to deny child release of death to watch them waste away as a vegetable?
They didn’t even TRY. If they know the kid is going to die anyway, then why not just give him the last shot? You don’t have to play the part of God. There are cases where patients wake up from brain death and recovered well. It’s not impossible.
My thoughts Exactly..basically was just a state sanctioned execution without a crime in a country without the death penalty, all this to save a few quid,the saddest part in this its not the first or the last time this will happen, NHS too much oversight,not enough foresight! #NHS
I am SO SORRY for your loss!!! I CRY FOR YOU!! I KNOW he is in HEAVEN THOUGH!!!
 SOMEDAY Socialized Medicine will be made KNOWN for what it is, and will be no more!!!
*the toddler was murdered by England's oppressive government
He spent 15 months in ICU with round the clock care. His condition deteriorated to the point where all medical professionals involved agreed that palliative care was best for him.
Need to also point out it was 15 months of round the clock free NHS care. In some countries the parents would haven't ran out of money or would now be in severe debt, and the insurance company if they had insurance might have decided to stop paying a lot sooner than 15 months.
Nhs is waste of Taxpayer money. We need a different system. In the NHS they either try and abort before birth or take away parental rights. I d rather pay thanks
http://www.commonwealthfund.org/interactives/2017/july/mirror-mirror/ …
Nice link, thanks! Btw, "George" is likely a troll or bot account.
Socialism must stop
It happens with insurance companies as well. nothing's perfect.
#AlfieEvans
From a country who watches children die cause they are to mean to provide health care u mean??!! What a joke!!! Double standards at best.
REALLY??? YOU KNOW THIS HOW???
Mordercy przebrani za lekarzy i sędziów!
Blame the media for making a story and the parents backers, clearly the poor mite wasn't well as the experts told us! Learn a lesson media!
Loving all these bugman bootlickers sopping up everything the UK government says.
OI MATE, YOU GOT A VALID PROFANITY LOICENCE?
Mate???
If there was nothing else that could have been done,then why not just let him go to Italy? Heart breaking, thoughts and prayers to his parents, no one should go through this. God bless wee Angel x
THAT IS WHAT I SAY!!! WHY NOT LET HIM GO TO ITALY??? I hope Italy DOES go after the UK for this!!!
Why should the parents be allowed to take him to Italy to prolong his suffering because they couldn’t let go The child died a year ago, he’s just been kept conscious by a machine it’s inhuman He would have been a vegetable for the rest of his life. Would you want that?Let him rip
Why should a parent be stopped from doing all they can to help their child? Why can't they have been given the peace of mind that they did all they could? Why were they forced to watch him stuck in that hospital room and being deprived of food and care they wanted to give him.
Deprived of food and care ? What do you think he’s been given over the last year in hospital then   if the nhs doctors can’t help him then I’m sure the parents can’t or the pope.
You can't say he was given that in the last week? I'm not saying his parents or the pope could treat him or cure him etc. I'm saying they should have been allowed to pay for private care and food to sustain his life to its natural end in comfort. We shouldn't force end of life.
Who would want to live when they’re brain dead ? And who would want their child to live in that state for the next rest of his life until he’s old potentially ?? Hence why it’s inhumane
Lets hope there will be a public inquiry into how @AlderHey handled this situation.
And they handled extraordinarily well considering the complexities in the case.. The court documents are public by the way..
I don’t think it was handled at all well. The Board of @AlderHey should be called to account
Why?? Because they did their job?? The hospital did nothing wrong.. They had ALFIE’S best interests and rights at heart..
Subjective assessment
Court documents that contained medical evidence from doctors from multiple countries that ALL concluded the same thing..
I think you are missing my point. I have an issue with the way that the Parents have been treated
That child was murdered by the government.
The kid was TERMINALLY ill. Meaning he was bound to die eventually. His parents were just prolonging his death
That’s none of your business or the governments. The Italian government even offered to take in the child to operate on him.
He had an incurable disease, they would have gone there, gotten a massive bill for the operation and the child would have still died.
That’s no excuse to end his life impulsively. The parents should’ve had the say in it.
He is at peace now, no longer suffering  that has always been the most important thing.
Was he suffering, though? Is a life only worth living apart from being uncomfortable? I'd argue that the emotional pain and stress placed upon his family and him through the removal of sustaining nutritive contents provided the sole disturbance to his poor young life.
I trust the courts and medical professionals across the world over randoms on the internet, sorry
You should be able to make decisions for your child.
Despite what’s best for the child?
According to the judges there was no more that could be done for the child. So, absolutely yes the parents had the right to seek help elsewhere.
The red coats should be charged for murder for denying the little one half a chance to get treated. See America, this is what socialized medicine looks like and healthcare rationing kills!! Our crew is beyond disgusted!!
a. not redcoats anymore, b. there is no way a murder charge would hold up
So how bout that socialized medicine huh?
socialized medicine works, you just choose to see that someone has died, which in my opinion the courts did the humane thing
So you advocate for healthcare rationing?
i'm saying that both the american and european systems are shit, but both work to some extent
Except the European system works on theft from the taxpayer. Alfie’s parents have paid taxes in their lifetime, they contributed to the NHS, and still couldn’t get him away from its grips. Sounds like some doctors and the hospital made money from Allie being there
Shame on the corrupt UK government, playing god with peoples lives young and old, getting to decide who lives and who dies, Totalitarian in nature and unforgiving, unless of course you’re a member of the Royal family or have a bit of money... R.i.P Alfie Evans...
You genuinely have no idea about the case whatsoever, do you? Alfie is dead and would have died in Italy or anywhere else. He was incurable. Terminal.
A glimmer of hope is still hope, we’ll never know, point is, it shouldn’t be up to the government to make that decision, if it was a member of the Royal family for example it would have been granted...
The “government” did not make this decision.
Miracles can happen mate, I’m not ignoring medical facts but experts don’t always get it right
Miracles? The child had very little functional brain left. This was the correct decision.
A lot of people are saying this is fine bc his disease was incurable, that's not the point, the point is that the uk court can just send a child to death instead of porting them over for potential treatment against the parents' will. That's just terrifying with the totalitarian -
There was no treatment. Italy were only offering who the room with another tube done his throat.
I can’t imagine what the family is going through is most heartbreaking, yes there was no treatment for him his time was coming we didn’t had to expedite the process, why is it so heartbreaking coz they just based on facts and pull the tube.
It doesn't matter if you agree with the parents or not. The rights and role of the parents were usurped by the government and the hospital.  That should horrify everyone.
Parents don't always know best or anything half the time. The concern was that of the child and not the feeling of the parents.
“The concern was that of the child...” so we let him die because he was a tax burden
He was not a tax burden but he was dying. They were just fairly extending his life without any way of improving his condition. Let the dead die peacefully.
He was considered a tax burden which is why they chose to let him die, if he wasn’t considered a tax burden they wouldn’t have pulled the plug
Government run healthcare sounds wonderful.
They kept him alive for 18 months. How much would that have cost in your country??
It cost him his life in your country.
He was kept alive for 18 months. He had a degenerative incurable brain disease. I think the doctors did everything they could. Stop spreading lies and falsehoods.
Lies & falsehoods? Like they kept the child hostage? I’ve learned lots of sheep live in the U.K.  —statist sheep you all are.
Thanks to UK law & government, they ready to kill everyone to save they own reputation only , 100% proof, UK home office ordered to kill disabled just for fun , that means Alphie was killed for fun only , after years they will tell how they a sorry about it , but they don’t care
There wasn't a cure for him, he was TERMINALLY ill. So how did the UK government, who funded Alfies treatment, kill him?
They reluctantly treated him and the parents had to fight the govt the entire way to keep them from killing him.
Mr American, our healthcare is free, he wasn't reluctantly treated at all. They said that they wouldn't allow him to travel to prolong his inevitable death.
Nothing is free, you just pay more taxes.  Also, if it wasn’t reluctant they wouldn’t have pulled the plug so quickly/easily. The don’t care about the people, just how much tax money is available for them to use.
Does tax fund your healthcare? Drs and Nurses here in the UK actually care so well for their patients, you're disgusting for even assuming that. Professionals are paid for their decision, don't torment the child and deny him of a death when he clearly can't be cured.
Taxes fund your healthcare. We pay for our own or get a job that covers it. Also, I never said the doctors didn’t care, I said your government doesn’t care.
Exactly, so you wouldn't have a perception of the UK healthcare like us. The government made a decision the parents should make for the child's sake.
May God give his parents the fortitude to bear this great loss.  Amen.
Is this the same god that gave the child a terminal illness or a different one?
Same reason as you do.
No, I'm going after your needless denigration of someone who actually wished the kid lived. Worship death and consumerism more, whore
You asked me to examine why I exist. The answer is the same reason you do.

And no, invoking gods is not wishing the parents the best. It is done purely to make oneself feel better.
What has happened to the Anglo-Saxon race, where they don't question why thier health services bar someone from experimental treatment and instead go after belief in a God? How dismal
He was brain dead, the time for experimental treatment was long passed. The judge agreed with the doctors after hearing the evidence. No one was barred from anything. It was purely about the welfare of the child.
Someone needs to be prosecuted for this.
Yes, the morons camping outside the hospital and demonizing the NHS professionals.
That's unfair too. The staff is only doing their job. The news is very bias. It only shows you what they decide  & just enough where you don't know the entire story.
Sad news of course..... as a medical doctor,  its heartbreaking.  But this whole case still begs the question,  who has rights over the child, the parents or the courts?!?
THE PARENTS...THIS IS EVIL AND YOU KNOW IT..THE WORLD KNOWS IT..ITALY WAS WILLING TO TAKE THIS BABY AND HIS LAST CHANCE WAS DENIED..THEY DECIDED TO LET HIM DIE..OMG..OMG..OMG..
.... Italy said they could transfer him but they didn't say they could give him a chance like there was literally no chance... There was no cure and doctors agreed all over that there was no cure they also agreed that alfie would of most likely died in the helicopter on the way.
Yes, Alfie may have had close to zero chance, but the decision should be with the family and not with the courts ?
It wasn't close to zero it was zero
Nothing is zero when you're alive. Otherwise,  the child would have passed away a long time ago!
.... He. Had. An. Incurable. Brain. Disease. The doctors didnt give him long to live, unfortunately in this specific case it was zero chance of him surviving.
So, does this mean the next time such a case comes up, doctors shouldn't even bother putting the patient on life support,  because.....it's a waste of time? Its of no use?
Maybe now the hospital can move on and start looking are people that are going to make it and stop wasting money
Unless pro-life doctors can do magic there was nothing that could be done for the poor little mite. He was being kept alive by machine...
They absolutely could have allowed him to go to Italy.
My condolences to the family.  RIP
tiny Alfie, an innocent victim of the civilization of death 
A truly tragic story.
I’m heartbroken, I suppose we all hoped for a miracle deep down but it was just not meant to be , my deepest sympathy to the family , a lovely little boy but not for this world, you will never forget, but you can move on now RIP little man you were a fighter 
This is the results of the citizens giving the power that they themselves should hold to GOVERNMENT! I pray once AGAIN the people see it this way & make the proper changes!!!
why did he want to go to Vatican city? ..... as far as I know there is no science or medical help in Vatican city, all you get there is hopes and prayers! lol a prayer will not save anyone, thus it was fucking worthless wanting to go to the Vatican.
RIP Alfie x my thoughts are with his family x
 RIP Alfie x
Rip Little man. No parent should should have to see there little one go. Thoughts with all the family 
I hope these parents get the ongoing support they need
I hope the dirty judges and courts get the judgement they deserve-which is hell fire.
rip alfie... 
I am so sorry for your loss xx
Good. I'm glad they allowed him to pass on with dignity. Healthcare professionals are taught to look at facts and weigh options from all angles. They by no means make shotgun decisions. This poor baby was long to pass on..his parents were truing to prolong it
My heart bleeds for them all  rest in peace brave little one
 so sad.......
Fly high with the angels Alfie! Your free now.
A heartbreaking fight
RIP 
It was always a no win situation. NO treatment would have 'saved' Alfie, he was terminially ill, the Doctors did all they could. The 'miracle' was his parent's had 17 months with their beautiful son, some have far less & no time for goodbyes. Thoughts with #Alfie & his family.
Well said. How lucky they were to get that time with him and how great the hospital was in keeping him alive for so long.
It wasn't the hospital keeping him alive.
Sure bud. Life support doesn't keep you alive.
So very very sad those parents fought so hard  to keep their little boy alive against a murderers at the hoslital
England, without heart..!
U.K. is setting a Precedent against Single Payer insurance........ When it takes control from the patient/family and hands it to those with no vested interest - It is NOT worth the paper it is written on............

Rest in peace little fighter.
Bad.....
Great Britain,  the entire civilized world is disgusted with you.
Bet they would’ve moved the kid ricky tick if his name was Muhammed al-Aziz or some shit
If you have a terminal illness and are suffering and in pain you cannot be assisted to end your life - you need to be kept alive no matter how cruel. But if you’re willing to try anything *anything* to save your sick child - that’s also not allowed - he must be allowed to die?
Ah, heartbreaking! What a little man, he fought until the end, may he RIP. Condolences to his family at this sad time, I have a son the same age and really makes you even more emotional to think what they are going through, my thoughts are with them 
Heartbreaking news. RIP little man.
Very sad 
How much NHS money was wasted by their stupid legal battles? Ludicrous and disgraceful.
I wonder how much all this crap has cost the British tax payer?
RIP, little angel.
He was murdered by the British justice system that boy required medical attention the justice system denied him that fuckin MURDERERS
Love
Terrible sad ending to a heartbreaking story . RIP lil man
No matter what how can humans( courts) play god and deny chance for treatment even there only a glimmer of chance. Parents and the child has been robbed of a chance of life.
@BBCBreaking @BBCNews
rest in peace little angel. Your parents tried so hard, but you needed a good rest. Condolences to his family.
It’s a very sad moment. A parent would do anything to protect their child,a Medic will always work in the best interest of its patient and the Media is always on a look out for a http://coverage.RIP  Alfie
So sad a life so young taken to early rest in peace Alfie

Alfie vive, la muerte no tiene la última palabra, y está en brazos de Jesús.

Alfie is alive, the death doesn't have the last word, and he is on the lap of Jesus.

#Alfie
Very very sad, thoughts are with Alfies family R.I.P X
That God help the family
Today isn’t a day for arguments, friends. It’s about peace, love and one very special little boy #AlfieEvans Sending love to Alfie’s loved ones at this incredibly devastating time. Rest In Peace, Alfie 

Yes,  the parents of Alfie r heart broken but ppl need to get over the idea that the terminal should not be allowed to die w dignity when they are at life's end from a disease or whatever.   We have children who can be saved w the $$$ that would be wasted for the same end result.
THE FUCKING ITALIAN GOVERNMENT WAS WILLING TO PAY YET YOUR INHUMAN BUREAUCRATS STILL DENIED HIM THAT CHANCE
Jesus you obviously didn’t bother to read any of the court evidence. Where did you get your information from on this case?
No you ignorant Idiot they did not. They offered the SAME palliative care he was receiving in the uk only they wanted to perform surgery to put the ventilator and other life support in place! they flew to the uk and assessed him themselves and said they could but treat him.
Thanks for literally repeating what I said.
And your government refused them... why? Because of the ethereal myth that giving up is more dignified than fighting to the last second?

 
Italy only offered palliative care not treatment the outcome would of been the same. R.I.P Alfie

This is such a sad story. What parents wouldn't do absolutely everything to save their child ?
Rest in peace sweet little Alfie. God be with your mom and dad
His battle in this life is over.He has gone home,where nany will not enter.
So tragic. 
R.I.P. little man 
Alfie is with Jesus now. He deserved better treatment from the UK. This kind of decision making on healthcare must change. Prayers for his parents and other family as well.
Very sad.
RIP little angel 
My heart breaks for the family. May that little one rest in peace.
My thoughts and prayers are with you both. Alfie is at peace now. Xxxx
Yes, blame us all because we live in the same country.
Heartbreaking 
Very sad condolences to the family
RIP baby fly high xx
Sad! #AlfieEvans
RIP little man, knowing you were  so loved 

Ahem... Pot calling kettle... That language is not really needed then.
Rip Alfie...
Rest In Peace little Alfie you’re with the angels now my condolences to your mom and dad and rest of the family 
It's sad when someone dies. But it's much more when is a little kid. R.I.P.
Freedom of choice for people with abortion OK. Freedom of choice with decisions about medical care of their child: NOT OK. Nowadays world scares me... #AlfieEvans
We all hoped for the best and a positive outcome....my sincere condolences.....
What an absolute disgrace man!!!
Sad, but not unexpected. Now let’s let the family grieve in private and try to rebuild their lives.
The poor child had no life and never would, it was torture keeping him artificially alive. His parents argued so vehemently and went to court so much with so many appeals - did they actually spend quality time with him before he died or too busy fighting??
You’re a monster
For wanting the most peaceful life for the baby rather than ongoing torture?! K then
Young nurses will never understand the point of view of parents. Puppets
You did Alfie proud.   RIP Alfie.
And not a damn peep from them Royals, you’ll see. Pathetic

#BritishHealthcare Kills 23 months old child on purpose. Refuses to let anyone try to help child.
Dr's wanted to take him off of life support because for all intense and purposes he was gone. They wouldn't hear of it. Eventually rigomossis start setting up in his little body but they would not stop having faith that God was going to heal him. The Dr. went
So sorry! he’s Gods little Angel now! Love and prayers! Such a loss for this world he was so beautiful!
RIP little angel 
:(
Very sad, but Alfie is now at peace and hopefully in time his parents can move on with their lives.
As a parent, I wouldnt have let my child that long.
As a doctor, I also would have fought for that childs dignity.
As a human, I would have supported the decision of doctors, unless I know better.
as a God, I wouldnt have given such a disease to that kid.
What disease would that be? Hmmmm undiagnosed but everyone's an expert
Its not undiagnosed. Its undisclosed.

Rest in peace Alfie
RIP little fella
Rest in peace lil man. 
Great Britain should be ashamed of itself. The world watched you fail epically.
It’s a pity that child had to be put through all of that - it was inevitable -why the parents had to postpone it ??
The popes tweet? Why didn’t your god just save the kid rather than take him into his sweet embrace.
A reminder that you don't own your children
Quite right too.
R.I.P sweet little Angel.


Sad. But now perhaps the staff at the hospital can do their wonderful work in safety, without fear of being attacked by religious zealots.
Hope this little lad is now at peace at last.  The whole media circus surrounding him very unfortunate and unsavoury..
 RIP little man 
Terribly sad. Nothing could have improved his situation though, the courts did the difficult but right thing. I’m glad I didn’t have to make that decision. Rest in peace little fighter.
Rip Alfie your in heaven now playing with your friends.
Wow look at all these armchair doctors and barristers
Rest in peace, little man.
That is all that needs said at this time.
RIP ALFIE
The UK is lost! You Jail your people for expressing concerns on social media, your NHS killed a child in front of his parents and the @MayorofLondon threatens our president. Do me a favor and get your subject out of Florida before their defeatist mindset takes hold here too!
He sleeps with kings and counselors of the earth
I am so sorry for the heartbreak you are dealing with. may God hold you close in his loving arms as he offers you comfort in your loss.

RIP lil fella 
Suffering seizures! Common effect post vaccination. Likely another vaccine injury  killed this child.
Could be vaccines. Or it could be the undiagnosed form of mitochondrial disease he had that destroyed the cells in his brain leaving him completely brain dead other than his brain stem. It'll probably be known as Alfie's disease as it had never been seen. But defo vaccines.
Adjuvants in vaccines can damage DNA and alter gene expression.
My God Britain what has happened to you?  This baby could have been flown to Italy on their dime to save his life..AND YOU DENIED IT..THE WORLD WILL NEVER FORGET WHAT YOU DID TO LITTLE #alfievans THE WORLD IS HEARTBROKEN..YOUR EVIL SICK DEMONIC GOVT DID THIS..AND YOU PERMITTED IT
Eternal rest grant unto him, O Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon him... 
R.I.P you were deeply loved by your family. Thoughts and prayers are with them now
Little Alfie is WELL and NOT SUFFERING ANYMORE!! Alfie crossed over and in the WONDERFUL HANDS of OUR FATHER and OUR ELDEST BROTHER, JESUS CHRIST! All PRAISES and GLORY TO HIS NAME!! MAY OUR FATHER SURROUND ALFIE'S PARENTS WITH PEACE AND HELP YOU THROUGH THESE DIFFICULT DAYS!! QQ
The blood of that peasant baby #AlfieEvans lies at the royal hands of this useless queen. She alone had the power to let him leave that hospital, but she actively sought to make sure he was held captive for several days after the hospital had ceased all medical help.
wtf are you on about
Each new life, no matter how small or how brief, changes the world
Congratulations Britain.  Your wonderful socialized medicine, combined with your draconian judges that literally fuse the law to prevent parents from takeing their children elsewhere, has killed another baby.  Proud of yourselves?
So sad to hear this
U R WITH DA ANGLES  NOW 0
Now can we all move on?
Very emotive subject. I hope his parents can take with them they tried everything. He was a poorly boy in a coma for over a year. He wasn't going to get better. You cant repair brain damage to that extent. Palliative care is just that wherever it's done.
May his parents get consoled. RIP
@Muzzy_4

A terribly sad situation. Puts our everyday issues into perspective. There for the grace of God go I.
@BBCBreaking  R. I. P Alfie Evans #Josey #WNWA
I hope Tom and Kate can now find some form of peace. The world knows they tried their best for their son.
Maybe now they can just stop going on about it and go get a job now
Reported
