Why don't you report this
The people in the picture are wearing white helmets. That's perhaps why they're called " white helmets".
Of course the real genocide is taking place nearby in Yemen supported by the US and the UK.
After investing huge amount of finances & efforts in nurturing the militant #proxies, it is unbearable for #USA & allies to watch them defeated and retreating. Hence, they are anxious to come out of the curtains and step in directly using false allegations against #Syrian govt.
forgotten melodies.......
USA has lost in Syria 

Now wants to Con the world with a False Flag Chemical Attack to start a new illegal war. 

USA 

#WMD
Russia is telling the truth.
Russia and Syria continue to use chemical weapons. There's no excuse to justify what is happening.
of course they do that's what CNN said 
You must be a member of the trump red neck riviera.  You only believe FOX, correct?
poor profiling by the way
fake news
I'd say it doesn't get much more real and serious than this.
#UK planted the chemical.  #FalseFlag busted!  @theresa_may #NotInMyNameTheresaMay
US want to repeat what it did in Iraq, about the WMD that was not found in Iraq before and after the invasion. Many lives were lost on account of a superpowers (USA) mostake
I wonder if some one is trying to set up Russia...sure looks like it.
Just like the last one, it is a lie to state that the Syrian government has carried out this attack
gutter journalism unproven footage! We live in a world that lost its moral compass!
Just stop the damn war!
There is no war so long as international force pull out of Syria. It's just a scuffle among Syrian people for control over the country.
#JusticeForAsifa India
Who is the beneficiary, guess it’s Israel!!

Will World War III be started over a lie? http://theantimedia.com/syria-chemical-weapons-attack-lied/ …
Chemical weapons should not be tolerated!. I don't know if Syria was promoting peace and healthy environment for new generation.
Russia, Iran and Assad have annihilated ISIS and that did not go well with S.A and Israel and when Trump said he is leaving they knew they had to do something and      We all know that Saudia Arabia And Israel are behind the attack. B.S. by propaganda media no longer works
USA is warmongering as always!
Only words? The war needs to end. It's the innocent that suffer the most 
Not to be over dramatic, but I never thought we'd see a full scale war between superpowers ever again. I thought that we had, as a species, learned or lesson. However, I'm not so sure now.... Do we never actually learn?! :(
DONT FIGURE!! THEIR BOTH IDIOT'S!!!
am i the only or anyone else also getting excited ?
I don’t know. Do you get excited about burning in a hell fire? You will perish also, the whole world will perish. You would not survive either if this were to occur. You have a perverse sense of enjoyment. You should have that checked out.
zinda reh ke bhi kya ukhad liya ......?
Why are you speaking in Hindi now? You didn’t before.
language doesn't matter ....it is just a MEDIUM of expressing your thoughts it is NOT your thought.
But , I thought you were responding back to me. You are just a rude person with no manners!
one can't judge a person even he/she spent his/her whole life with them....and you did it by seeing my few tweets....it is just wow !!!
Enjoy that California weather! Have a nice day! 
Russia (Mr.Nebenzia) is the last party to accuse others of an “illegal military adventure”, in view of their totally selfish reason to protect and support Assad, Ukraine, the Krim, etc.. The Assad regime is known for their poison gas attacks for decades, this needs to stop now!!
Nice one......Kkkkkkk....guys guys what's this?
@spscho what on earth is going on?
Basically Assad dropped a tank of chlorine gas on a house and killed lots of people. Putin is shouting 'DID NOT' and Trump is putting his fingers in his ears and yelling 'DID TOO'
My b. I forgot that I didn't respect America for a minute there xD
I don’t know what’s more depressing, the absurdity of the Russian lies or the fact so many people fall for it.
Bob, to me what's more depressing is realising that there are people like you. People who are told what to see and think. You talk of "Russian lies" well look at Libya, Iraqi, Afghanistan, Yemeni, Palestine, and of course Syria, all these countries are in ruins, who bombed them?
Btw comparing parliamentary authorized bombing of extremists in Syria with illegal use of chemical weapons is just idiotic driven by your desperate need to fit your ideological position. Grow up.
Following your logic: there is nothing wrong bombing another if UK parliament authorises, how about doping if Russian parliament authorises?
Russian ethics are displayed once again..remember Ukraine!# blustering bullies
Why did the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights not say anything about alleged chemical attack? 
http://www.syriahr.com/en/?p=88853 
Chemical attack in Syria. Evidence please!

US,US, US.UN why our people are dieing
Western backed terrorists have done this not the syrian government.
Nothing like a convenient chemical attack in Syria to divert attention away from Israel’s latest atrocities in Palastine. 
Just like the 60s except our leaders lack the vocabulary that Kennedy and Nixon administrations displayed
The @BBCBreaking is a parrot organization gobbling up government propaganda hook, line, and sinker. They’ve totally disregarded findings of Porton Down, but wholeheartedly accepted an online video as factual. Pretty dense.
As it was before the Gulf war against Saddam Hussein, US and the West are again being fooled,by Syrian rebels, into entering the Syrian civil war and make it a global one. Why would Assad turn to chemicals now when he is winning the war?
So they aren’t talking about the solution 
Don't listen to hypocrites of USA, Uk? If its true they real care about humanity why don't they say something in daily killing in Palestine children. Uselessness and in this case ppl should togethers with Russia.
Duma  syria
When we should have done something in Syria Cameron couldn’t get the backing !! Now look where we are .!? Chemicals being used here there and everywhere!! We should have had the stomach to sort it back then.
Hundreds of members disgusting this on
Big decisions being taken based on a report from an NGO. Is it wise? Should we not dig further before we take decisions?
I don't believe they used and for what advantage would they use it.
This woman must rephrase her words!!
She keeps stating by fact that Russia & Syria were involved w/out proof! 
If I were Russia w/what America has accused them of the past year in a half.
Im surprised he hasn't let loose!
Gee, for a supposed evil man he has much patience!!
America has now become the terrorists against United Nations and
every country in the world. Threatening behavior with nuclear 
Weapons, nobody goes to heaven.
That remind me battlefield game whene RU and US players "friend" play conquest for first place and no one care who destroyed that area of fight becaus this is just game ans finaly they take a cupe coffee like nothing happen
@BBCNews 
@magsjenkins4 
@Geoffrey213819
@mxmmamuaythai
@damocrat

VIDEO of so-called 'moderate activists' training kids on how to stage yet #AnotherFakeChemicalAttack
Americans and Russians r not the Gods to interfere in every matter, for God sake they must stop their activities otherwise the results will be very horrible.
NEWS FLASH..  USA AND RUSSIA DOING WHAT THEY ALWAYS DO WHEN PUT IN THE SAME ROOM..  America blames,  Russia shrugs whilst singing shaggys "wasn't me" lol
Assad is mutely watching Syria being torn apart by host of nations,armed groups,& Syrian citizens dying. With USA now upgrading its response4 chemical attack by Syrian military on own citizens,Assad is waiting2 get hit by US !
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/983643273691615232 …        .......
Information for stupid idiots who believe in lies Western Russophobic media.Fortunately,these few idiots in the world,because these performances are poisoning not once exposed.USA-NATO did not think that people…
Have you heard this must come to pass war remare of was nation against nation prop have been told the world is in a termol
There can be no words fierce enough to excoreate chemical poisoning.
This is politics what do any of you expect
The problem is Al-Qaeda also have chemical weapons and it is in their interest to use them and blame Syria.
I wouldn't be surprised if the 'chemical attack' was fabricated – you can't trust anybody. One has to ask: why would Assad use chemicals when he's on the verge of 'victory'?
'Ows about that then , Guys and Gals, Clunk Click.

All what US say or have to say LIES.

But why do all mainstream media mute the Chinese Ambassador to UN statement on Syria alleged chemical attack. Its a permanent member of the Council. More pertinent than the UK and France.

Hill to both of them
Israel did it
Too much War War here. Let's have some Jaw Jaw that's means something.
Russia rattling its mighty fire extinguishers...
sad NOBODY is right
As Russia never does anything wrong, words seem a bit harsh? Will Russia use it's fire extinguisher on the US?
Fierce words..  no problem... Don't bring it to a battle field....
What's really going on in Syria
a
from Bangladesh 
#BBC
#CNN 
#ReformQuotaBD
Who benifits? 
If there was a tough punishment from the first use, it won't happened again
Сша доказали свою причастность в Ираке Югославии Ливии Афганестане Корее и т.д.
How do you treat differently, hundreds of innocent children massacrd in US drone attack recently in http://Afghanistan.No  world forum, took notice of this tragedy.Shame on US /UN duplicity.
Another primitive clip on CIA scenario in soap serial "Gas attacks"
wheres the proof? yet again western media with its propaganda
Am against the use of chemical weapons.But before accusing someone,do u v evidence for it? We all seen what happened in Iraq about WMD.Any accusation must to be proofs
is this true Russia is behind this tragedy?
Of course no.
how sam can you justify?
Just it is. The truth does not need to be proved.
It's such a pity. What's left of that poor country? What's worth fighting over now. Al Asads pride?
Unless there is absolute proof no action. The rebels are extremists and could have set this up.they are vicious, more vicious than Assad. Why don’t they put weapons down and surrender?
Trump  is a Ager Generating Machine... More the Anger Stronger He is...
So many comments from lying bots!
An honest Russian speaker exchanges fierce words with an English speaker who is lying about a chemical attack in #Syria.
@BBCWorld @BBCNews you’re showing footage thats unverified. It’s bollox
There’s no evidence it’s all for show
This is the beginning of the END of the post cold war era, where PEACE was a  possibility
They never cared about Human right and anything as such.
US gave #ChemicalWeapon to #Saddam to use against Iran and #Kurdish people, obviously stayed silent when the events took place.
#DoumaGasMassacre #Syria #Iran #NYC #WW3
We are on the brink of war between these two moronic states
Russia obviously full of Purim liars

It’s not in Assad interest to use chemical weapons! It’s an outside factor or some rebels who used it.
Expel #Russia from #UN Security Council. Stop #Putin from visiting @WhiteHouse. Ban Russia from global events. Boycott #WorldCup2018 in Russia. #StopRussianAggression
Bot
This is just an excuse as their 1st project (ISIS) failed.
UN Fake Chemical Attack in Syria in my opinion
Russia are bullies, if they continue under the rule of Putin, they will end up on there own with no connections with the rest of the world.
Bot
There are no good guys in this. An escalating war of words is not going to help. 

"Better a patient person than a warrior, one with self-control than one who takes a city." - Proverbs 16:32 NIV
"A hot-tempered person stirs up conflict, but the one who is patient calms a quarrel." - Proverbs 15:18 NIV

"A gentle answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger." - Proverbs 15:1 NIV
"Whoever loves a quarrel loves sin; whoever builds a high gate invites destruction." - Proverbs 17:19 NIV

"The one who has knowledge uses words with restraint, and whoever has understanding is even-tempered." - Proverbs 17:27 NIV
"Even fools are thought wise if they keep silent, and discerning if they hold their tongues." - Proverbs 17:28 NIV
Why is this #Russia bashing going on? What's happening that this fake #propaganda war is covering up?
Maybe Trump will get the YalieCIACabal price fixed down silver/gold price up. Parasites want two things that are basically opposites. War with as many dead as possibly and the prices of gold/silver price fixed down. Very hard 4 parasites to have it both ways.
It's an obvious false flag
Chemical weapons expert who worked in Syria says Assad had no motive for carrying out attack. https://www.infowars.com/former-top-un-weapons-inspector-assad-likely-not-responsible-for-chemical-weapons-attack/ …

The OPCW found that Assad used chemical weapons before and Russia blocked the UN Security Council again and again. People ask why Russia are so interested in Syria... strategically they want among other things to keep the warm water naval port Tartus and a foothold in the Med
Did Nikki Haley refer to Indonesia in relation to chemical attacks?! Does she mean an airport in Malaysia #grossignorance #hopeless
WWIII on the cards.
..Need we to say more about the US and al western allies ? this says all !


RUSSIANS SHOULDN'T MESS WITH OUR UN AMBASSADOR NICI HALLY
Who is the liar? I really can't tell. Haven't we past the point where politicians should be attached to lie detectors when being questioned??
Aren't we past the point of having lying politicians in office?
We need to do something about #Russia #Putin #TrumpRussia #RussianEmbassyWeekly #NewsDay #BreakingNews #TrumpRussia #TrumpAdministration #WhiteHelmets #Syrian #genocide100 #GenocideAwarenessMonth
The Israelis are trying to pull the US into deeper war by attacking Syria.
Russia is guilty of supplying the chemicals to Syria
Wow
Gaza killing -no blood on anyones hands.
Putin the new Hitler
Would trust nothing reported by the BBC concerning the US/Russia tensions - they have been implicated in political fake and slanted news especially concerning the Palestinian & Syrian state wars.
#WhiteHelmets are using PSYOPS to wage war on #Assad.

'#BBC Caught Staging FAKE News 'Chemical Attack' to Start Wars in #Syria & #Iraq'. Analysis of the 2013 BBC Panorama documentary 'Saving Syria's Children' filmed by BBC entirely, staged.' (VIDEO)

https://twitter.com/druderadio/status/972618611863977985?s=20 … 
'#BBC Caught Staging FAKE News 'Chemical Attack' to Start Wars in #Syria & #Iraq' Analysis of the 2013 BBC Panorama documentary 'Saving Syria's Children' filmed by BBC entirely, staged.' (VIDEO)
…
https://twitter.com/TheRealYoG/status/983434722603757570 … #NoWarWithSyria #nowarwithiran
2018 after israel is caught murdering palestinians & bombed syria, suddenly theres another #SyriaChemicalAttack. 

2013 proves netanyahu genie energy israel lied before in the attempt to…
Has Mrs Theresa “Highly Likekely” May already said that it was Novichok?
Let’s condemn the alleged killing of 70+ innocent people by exchanging inflammatory comments which if acted upon could bring about the deaths of thousands/millions of innocent . I’m no politician, diplomat or military strategist but it doesn’t seem logical
Let’s also condemn the deaths of those in Yemen and Gaza by the hands/weapons of our so called allies. And whilst we are at it, let’s investigate first to see if there was even a chemical attack in the first place! Remember WMD?
I reckon America could well have Russia
Why all the things looks planed and coming in pattern . it’s time when they should try stopping war instead of doing another endless war . Russia cleared the large area from IS so why they want to put everything on #Russia again. Strange
It is Anti-Russia media war.
Rhetoric doesn’t help the people killed and maimed by chemical weapons.
The defacto regime of Basher al- Assad continue to perpetrate these egregious crimes of terrorism on the Syrian people predicated upon the unflinching support he persistently get from Putin while the World sit lackadaisically. The World must act now...
It's a serious development but there as been so much mistrust & dishonesty. It's difficult to back
Proven liars!
Please god. Its always the innocent used as pawns in this chess game. If Russia and Syria are not claming responsability then commen sense tells us there is another deadly regime of unknown identity is incititing possibly world war 3!! GOD HELP US ALL.
i think it was isreal too...no doubt..all this propaganda about putin..remember irak and libya?..propaganda to get rid of the presidents and today they the u.s. are sorry it happened.none of it true..til this day we have isis which rised from those wars!!
Don't fucking get me involved until we know who used the chemical weapons.
Its about time these Neo Cons that control US foreign policy are put into jail, They stage events  through the White Helmets to overthrow democracies and democratic votes the world over, they want to attack Syria and start a war with Russia, White christians are main targets
U.S. president trump could launch an attack by ground forces from Wednesday, trump is asking allies for help.this is not Iraq, backlash could be massive against U.S. and allies who enter Syria. There is Russia and Iran to consider its not just Syria. Theresa May becoming Blair
Why does the west never believe a word anyone not in the west says.
The US is a very dangerous rouge state
Here we go!

Because it was Israel: not Syria bombing it's own...No one bombs their own country and resources with chemical weapons!!! So when is Israel going to be invaded and brought to task by the US instead of innocent Syria??
USA do this to have a reason to stay in Syria.
To Russia and Putin: I hope you are getting it, and we Americans are not laughing here. We are damn serious regarding these awful nerve attack on the Syrian people, just wait what Trump is going to do
World war 3 is coming they need sort there selfs out fast.
And very fast too!
Announce world war 3
Best response comes from Sweden - lets investigate, identify the perpetrators and hold them accountable - there was no finger pointing in those remarks. Very commendable compared to Western blame game.
I wonder what Smedley Butler would say if he were still around
Few yrs ago, same spats in UN. Then the "war" in Syria had not started Pointless UN "envoys", UNSC vetoes. That really worked out didn't it?
There isnt even proof there was a chemical weapon attack...more fucking theatrics from US and Israeli proxies.
Russia needs to be held accountable!!
Pictures, videos, voice recordings... where is all this stuff when politics start to fight?? He said, she said kids stuff.
Why can't they send Trump, Putin and Kim Jon Un to Mars on one way ticket. World will be much better place to live.
There's always another murderer to step to the podium.
They just want to destroy Syria more 
Because Russia is winning 
And USA is losing 
We don't need the USA 
We don't want u 
Just LEAVE US ALONE 
So you support chemical attack’s on ?
It's fabricated by White Helmets 
Actually the terrorist in Douma made a deal with the Syrian Army and they are getting out from Douma 
How they will get out after just few hours from chemical attack 
It's not even
True
We Americans have to big ego . I think it’s better to let Syria alone .
We should leave it to them. Neither has the right to be anywhere near Syria, any more than we do.

What do you expect. Russia seems to have no qualms about the use of nerve agents or chemical weapons. And, US has a parody of a President. Word order is out of balance.
I just wonder what Asad and Russia have to gain by using them. They've already won and antagonising the entire world doesn't help them.
I'm not saying it false flag but you gotta ask the question.
How can so many people ask that really .. sorry, but DUMB...question?To achieve a surrender through terrorism so they don't have to put their depleted troops into battle? Gassing children is about the most efficient weapon you could use. The most terrifying form of terrorism
White helmet are financialby UK government.
Can they just leave us alone ?
It's fabricated by White Helmets 
The terrorists in Douma made a deal with the Syrian Army and they are getting out from Douma now
This is why teaching History is so important... #Russians have behaved like this since the Cuban Missile Crisis... #whataboutery, misdirection, multiple lines of diversion... However the West became wise to it then & we’re wise to it now.
Interesting. Read your history again to assess who the first provocator was and events that eventually spiralled into the Cuban missle crises. I hate half truths.
Really comforting to know that when the children are cowering in cellars waiting for the inevitable next attack they will be safe in the knowledge that there are fierce words being exchanged
The only blood Russia has on her hands is that of ISIS fighters the U.S. never gave more than lip service to actually fighting.
Sometimes you look at what's happening in Syria and you get this sickening feeling that some people do such things for the love of it. Almost as if they enjoy watching innocent people die. Just remember that "these violent delights have violent ends."
Sure and violently will God judge them at the end of the age if they stubbornly refuse of their evil deeds.
If the US and the UK would have attacked Syria in 2003 we would not be here and would be without ISIL.
Imperialism in full swing. Christianity at its best? On one side Russia on other side is NATO who's being killed??? Terrorist Muslims! Wow good game. And foolish Islamic world is sleeping in criminal saga. 
Bullshit
This is when Trump will realize it helps to have allies.
Children are conscious, waiting in line, following instructions. They ARE NOT chemical attack victims. Children have been killed for MSM to broadcast, I hoped these terrorists didn't this time, I was wrong. 

Pls challenge what you're told about war by MSM
This is the terrorist group in Syria which controlled #Douma area of supposed chemical attack. They are killing children for the likes of MSM types to push for further war. The US & allies have armed & funded these terrorists. Which you promote as "rebels"
Reasoning @caitoz 
"We’re being asked to believe that Assad launched a mass casualty chemical attack, which would provoke the wrath of the US war machine just as Trump was seeking a withdrawal from Syria and just as Assad was approaching victory in Douma"
From @timand2037
First group of #Douma hostages freed by the #SyrianArabArmy meet their families in Damascus. Most of them were kidnapped by Jabhat al Nusra and Jaysh al Islam from #Adra industrial city in December 2013.  Photos. https://sana.sy/en/?p=133610 
From @ShehabiFares 
Believe or not, the Trump team, the EU, & most western MSM still regard the jihadi radical terrorists who kidnapped these kids and many more for 4 years in #EasternGhouta as “rebels” against the “Assad” regime! Sick..! Very very sick!
From @VanessaBeeley 
Horrifying testimonies from kidnap victims released from Jaish Al Islam after 6 years. #Douma : Testimonies from Kidnap Victims #EasternGhouta  https://youtu.be/1eB78ycwzhI  #Syria_Rising
US PNAC War Policy being executed. There are no coincidences only death.

General Wes Clark speaking about US military plan in 2001, stated in an interview 2007.
"USA will attack Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan & Iran. 
https://youtu.be/-MqVY1-ncBI 
