Killing civilians to save civillians 
Unless those civilians are in chemical plants... Then no.
I want Assad dead; nothing less.
how peaceful of you.
More peaceful than Assad GASSING children???
I'm not saying he didn't but Russia have claimed that they have solid evidence that this was staged by the U.K... Either side could be lying tbh, Iraq war should have taught you not to believe everything the Government says
If there is evidence then please release it, other wise you got to make your best educated guess if you think a ruthless dictator is above or below gassing his own people. Him being a dictator Assad has very little to gain
Or lose

it was the usa not the UK
It is a combined effort of US, UK and French forces involved.
yep i've just found out
Trump just wants his War badge for Cubs
Killing more innocents in revenge of other poor dead innocents, what a beautiful world !!!

THE TROOPS WILL BE HOME BY CHRISTMAS!!!
If there is another Christmas

Wrong!!! Only if it lasts more than 60 days does he require approval. Google is your friend
Thank you for this.
US Millitary action without approval by congress is ILLEGAL. Trump breaks the law again. It's fair to say conservatives love war because it makes them look 'strong' in eyes of voters. Theresa has the money for bombs but not for the uk's most needy?
Yeah because democrats never fight wars...
It's in the constitution ! any millitary action must be green lighted by congress.
Basically the war powers act means he can do whatever he wants for 2 months before Congress decides whether he should continue or withdraw. So bomb Syria until Congress has no choice but to continue will probably be the way they go about 'liberating' Syria
60 days of free war as they say
Was the British public consulted before they agreed to go with trump 
Nope
Yeah sick opportunity to drop your mixtape 
#Damascus More proof #USA is the largest terror org. in the world. #Mattis  was asked what evidence he had to bomb #Syria  and his answer was "I am  confident". Horrible. Many civilians killed. @UN should sanction the #USA terrorists this time.
Today we have likely witnessed the start of World War 3, we now as people have a choice either stand and fight for our once Great nation along side out allies, against the evil Syrian regime and anyone (Russia) that decides to defend them! Or we can cower away and try slate our..
governments for attacking the Syrian regimes chemical weapons! I know for one I’ll be backing my country, it’s time to step up, you can believe any conspiracy theory you want, but one things for sure!...
So the government cut everything else but always find money for war
Why don’t we get a say in something like this? This doesn’t just affect Theresa fucking May and Trump. What about the civilians that make these countries? We didn’t vote for this.
Are said civilians posted up at chemical storage sites? If not, then they're probably safe from these strikes.
Agreed

This shows that May is not accountable to the UK parliament; she'd rather do the bidding of Trump. Our political process is not fit-for-purpose. In matters of war, the Royal Prerogative can only be taken by the government if the UK is in imminent danger. I'm phuqing livid!
Because trump said yes , we will 'have' to follow. War also results in civilians including women and children loosing their lives.
The end is nigh
Just this one time.. till Trump needs another distraction
I think it's bigger than that. Who is he trying to distract? Those at home wouldn't be terribly interested in Syria. Like @LittleBertie01 I think it's more like the bidding of Israel. Part of the proxy war with Iran. Not sure what UK and France gains though.
parliamentary approval not required in the UK ? after all that has happened in Iraq ? Surprising indeed !
Not in anyone’s interest except the rich who gain from warmongery
Not sure this will end very well! I accept we cannot sit back & watch innocent civilians be targeted with chemical weapons, although some of the repetitive footage is suspect, & Assad is a tyrant that needs bringing to justice, but it’s a bit Groundhog Day for me with no end game
China's u.n. ambassador ma publicly in the security council the Middle East on the day of the meeting, called for relevant parties keep calm restraint on the Syrian issue, to avoid any may lead to further escalate the situation.
Wouldnt bombing chemical sites make it worse or am i being thick
Obviously everyone will be concerned with how Russia responds and how this puts American & Allied troops & innocents in harms way.
This is not a solution..... this is not a major reaction.... this is a very limited strike on a small number of sites that will not cripple Assad, will not push back Russia and will not make the Syrian people safer. This is incitement at best. This will not solve a thing.
How do you expect people to respect international law when countries like the US and UK continuously break international law?
I’m sure using gas is against the law, and uk being a UN Security Member justifies this
Not at all,the rules are clear. Any aggression or threat of aggression is illegal..if not in self defense or if not mandated by the UN. The US and UK are in breach of international law.
They will get support from other members- Bolivia and maybe chins would object. But the uk France abd USA would be backed
The support is supposed to be before any attack,not after. Therefore illegal.
My point is the west would not be prosecuted for doing its duties. You know by watching the un council only Russia and Bolivia would press for something to be done. They won’t get it.
Exactly my point. If the US and UK do whatever they want, breaking UN rules,then how can they expect other countries to obey the rules. The UN is broken.
The Russians are laughing..... not affected in the slightest. This is a ridiculous, illegal strike that will incite more than it will solve.
They said they would shoot anything down. They didn't do Jack....... yet
Because they knew it was coming and they knew where the bombs were going to land.
They knew the airspace. Not the targets. Putin will have to save face. Gotta be something coming back at us.
You don't think they knew that the Americans would target Chem Weapons factories and storage? ...... they knew.
The Russians will talk a big response but are unlikely to do anything
Hope you're right. If not this could turn very bad.
#USA #UK #France #Syria #SyriaStrikes #SyriaCrisis #SyriaChemicalAttack #SyriaBreaking #RussianAmbassador #russia
Welp here is the start of WWIII 
Russia has already stated that there will be retaliation for these strikes, so I fail to see how this can be a 'one-time shot'. Better move those boats, sharpish.
hmmmmm......"for now".....
until the White Helmets get done in the editing room that is
Hahaha how's life in your fantasy world? "The Queen ordered Douma?"  
What did the French do? Make the sandwiches?
Why are we so keen to be Trump' s poodle? He is a man that is vilified and criticised regularly by our MP's but as soon as he clicks his fingers, off we go.
And we're off...
I think the attacks should have happened after the UN approved investigators should have investigated the use of chemicals. We should not be hasty in attacking someone
Superpowers plz go and attack Russia directly stop destruction of other people's  countries u busy sowing the seeds of hatred even your grandchildren will pay for your mistakes you busy cultivating terrorism on a  fertile soil sooner or later u definitely harvest the rewards.
America and its allies will never win the Syria war. Vlardmir his never pushed around that easy. If its about world war three get ready for it. Because as we speak the Russia jammers can reach to planet Mars. They have weapons far beyond Tsunami itself.
Wen will these so called superpowers stop using other countries for their military training purposes?
Many women and men plus children are getting killed on a daily basis by the same lunatic people who go on lamenting about human rights and laws which they never follow any way.
The Allies are showing muscles. Hence, killing innocent people to save some egoistic interests.
Not a single coordinated strike on ISIS by allied forces! But against Syrian government. ISIS funded by Saudi Arabia and not a single sanction on them. The west is acting like rabid dogs!
US, UK, Russia, Israel these are terrorist States. The middle East becomes the killing fields where these terrorist States have been killing civilians at ease. We have not forgotten that US destroyed Iraq with the false propaganda of WMD.
What controversy was happening immediately before this Syria chemical weapons thing? Why is the U.S and trump being vocal about it now and not before? What have we been distracted from? Classic.
Ahh at least May now has an excuse for our fooked up NHS, roads,local services and anything else she fancies ...maybe she found weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and hence the bombing without parliament approval! Sorry sorry I meant Syria 
See this clip:
http://video.dailymail.co.uk/video/mol/2016/01/03/3623738194323681521/480x270_3623738194323681521.mp4 …
The real cause of this attack: America's support for his child (ISIL).
Unlikely before the World Cup
I will fix your wordpress website any kind of issues. and build your personal & business website
Congratulations all peace loving people's from around the world !

It is just right to protect human beings from a murderer who does not value life, even it’s own people. If Syria will not be stop Asad can do this to us.
Show the world the greatness of the biggest producer and supplier of weapons. MNCs clap at you. Americans get luxurious lives. Let Asians suffer and die.
Why what is the reason
#JusticeForAsifa India
Where is U.S. fleet, that set sail from their bases going, is another attack coming. We have avoided escalating conflict due to no Russians killed.
Pentagon says this was a one time shot, that's a lie, trump fired missiles at Syrian airbase before, so that is 2 times. Theresa May should not have gone with U.S., we have problems at home because of Tories, this Syrian attack is to try boost her popularity, TM is a criminal.
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/985105107535695872 …      ......
Why does no organization or country appeal to the international court of justice at the Hague for war crimes by the US, Britain,and France,which constantly terrorize the world,bombing sovereign countries that do not…
Bombing a chemical factory, don't that make all the chemicals leak if you blow it up
Next time maybe you will alternatively bomb yourself as a main terrorist group?

I'm sure good old Donald will tweet the specific locations before they are bombed
If us and UK can only strike with out killing the innocent life in Syria,that will be better way for their military actions against president bashir
@HKane claiming the shot came off him before hitting it's target #HarryKaneClaims
Trump did this just to piss off Russia
"One time shit"....... The biggest lie to date. It's just the beginning. The U.S. can't accept that their "so called" sponsored rebels were defeated !
The world I live in is truly disgusting. Shame on everyone for letting this happen.
The hidden agenda takes another leap forward at the cost of innocent lives. 
May! You’re a fool and I do not support you or your agenda! I have no confidence in your ability...

#LiesWithinLies
Do people really think there will be a ww3.  grow up and stop panicking
Its not right to use chemical or other weapons on your own people,  but its also not right to destabilise these countries, they need tyrannical leaders, just look at Iraq and Afghanistan the leaders fall and the terrorist rises. 
I see the doom mungers are at it again. As one old gentleman said DON'T PANIC
So disappointed with the limited nature of these strikes. I hoped for, and expected, 'more. This is utterly inadequate. I thought there would be so much more.
Would prefer to see Iranian bases out as their main aim is to arm Hezbulah in Lebanon against Israel.
I'd love to see Iran hit as well. Surprised it hasn't happened.
Not surprised as US doesn't want to widen attacks against Russia or Iran. Israel as always with IDF will look after own interests if threatened.
I’m just curious if the war mongers of the US and UK ever found the wmd’s in Iraq? Any excuse to go to war and play peace maker but create more havoc and destruction where ever they go. How have we let the world get to a place where Trump and May are leaders?
Simple solution: deal with Assad's ally Putin financially. Still taking money from oligarchs? Buying gas-oil from Russia? We are financing the killings, the poisonings. What was the point of this bombing? Hit monsters financially.

Quite a fantasy story; it is weekend and we just have fun, no mortar shells from terrorists and about whining Trump we don`t care. Greetings from Mazzika Damascus..... 
My head is mashed with all of this, There's a small amount of crazy powerful people running the world, there is no best option, the world has allowed the likes of Bashir and Putin to school bully its people and other countries, worrying times, ahead Russia.
Where's the evidence ?
You the western dictators are the worst ever in hypocritical hypocrisy against humanity
I am sure the gulf countries paid the price for this one time shot.
We are not safer from this action. We have implicated our selves in this mess, which could have been avoided. The attempted discussions to sit down & sort this out diplomatically, were pitiful. Now I can't help but think, we are all much less safe because of this action.
1. Disrespectful to UNSC. 2. Proof that UNSC is useless. 3. Disregard for possible nasty consequences.
Light ‘em up! Yeeeeehah, goddam commies!
Evidence that Syrian or Russian warplanes are using bunker-busting bombs to target underground hospitals in Syria

￼

Ellen Francis, Reuters

Oct 3, 2016, 1:35 PM ET
@BBCBreaking
June 19, 2017 10:44 am

Russia Vows to Target U.S.-Backed Aircraft in Western Syria
People have short memories
So now if Russia retaliates will this US led coalition take responsibility for starting a global conflict ?Instead of dropping bombs on Syria the Western powers should have hunted down people supplying money to IS and stopped the flow of funds. Then this war would have long ended
Russia's airstrike on a Syrian hospital was no accident. It was a cold-blooded, targeted attack
Aleppo: Civilians, hospitals targeted in final attack, report says, rebutting Russian and Syrian claims
SYRIAN AND RUSSIAN FORCES TARGETING HOSPITALS AS A STRATEGY OF WAR

3 March 2016, 00:01 UTC
US blames Russia after UN aid convoy in Syria targeted by air attack
2015. 
'Russian warplanes have carried out their first air strikes on opponents of President Bashar al-Assad in Syria,'

Ironic to be in War Remnants museum in Ho Chi Minh City the day this happens
Syria doesn't gave chemical weapon sites, the OPCW confirmed this. I think the missile strikes were meant for Salisbury...

Was it staged w coordination from the Russians to show the Americans at home that Trump is not sucking up to Putin?
Mr Pentagon Chief had better read up on the deadly Russian Zircon 9,800kph missile. It renders missile defenses obsolete. Carriers and other launch platforms are sitting ducks. This is serious. Putin has stated all missile launch platforms will be targeted if Syria is attacked.
Yeh let's see if that happens
The Syrians you have to take revenge on America,France and Britain for the bombing of your cities and the dead relatives and friends,blow up,make terrorist attacks and kill them in all possible ways
You dirty war criminals. May should be charged with war crimes.  Dirty mole!!
There were 30 missiles and 28 were destroyed
Love to see this “evidence”. Iraq apparently had WMDS at 1 stage. Cheers Hans Blix... I was there. I didn’t see any and frankly the mod issue resi mask chaffed like a bastard. Only good thing I saw was an oppo stabbing himself with a morphine pen. Go home government youre pissed
War is a massacre between people who do not know each other .. !!

To calculate others know each other .. !!

They do not kill each other .
General Matis says it's a one time strike

President Trump says the U.S. is prepared for sustained air strikes
#Syria #SyriaCrisis #SyriaStrikes
Disgraceful
Corbynistas are happy to do nothing while Assad kills children. Shame on you. Bet Assad kills more today and blames it on the air strikes
Excellent news.
Many prayers for those allied in their efforts against the evils of chemical weapons
The Syria government needs to stop using chemical weapons, at least there are three countries that have the bollocks to stand up and say no more!!  And they are only bombing chemical places!

One-time shot. Your kidding. Asad and Putin are quaking in their boots.
Does the style of total destruction of Syria begin ?
This is cold war with economic interests, "in the of " freedom and democracy.
Trump gave Russia and Syria 3 to 4 days to hide their fighters and chemical weapons. Assad probably told his soldiers to evacuate the bases. I wouldn't be surprised if Assad begged refugees to go to the empty bases. Talk about a cluster. Wish Japan had given 3 to 4 days warning

Can they take a quick detour to Venezuela?
This was a stupid move on the part of our stupid @POTUS .  I really wish Trump would quit his job, go home and never be heard from again! Ever! I'd say Sorry to the world, but average American people did NOT want this to happen!!
#WagTheDog
https://youtu.be/8fZ7gNzKAJ4  #Syria
Thoughts on Suarez quotes?
Hmmmmm no no
Yes... ALLIES IN MURDER .
Yawn, yawn, does this mean we won't hear anything about Brexit or Trump peeing on prostitutes, or Macrons labour troubles for one or two days? Visuals of the missile attacks may be old ones as they all look the same and soundbites try to excite a bored viewing public.


"And we are also hearing reports, many of the targets, in particular the air bases in some of the military installations that had been struck, had indeed been evacuated of personnel earlier in the week," @sethdoane reports…
Is it over or?
God help us idiots running the world
Reports of 4 civilian deaths so far. Well done.
Eat the meal? Then pay the Bill!!!
Interesting the strike started after close of the stock market on Friday 13th.  Tough luck if you didn’t buy your Defense Industrial stock.  Only contrarians and insiders will benefit from this one.

Yeah, but what about that bloke that was misgendered in court today, eh? Phew! Talk about criminal.

WH told Syria we were going to bomb them? Is this true?
Should have bombed Assad !!
One time shot that lasted for more than 40 minutes. yeah right.
About time something was done. It’s not good, but I don’t think there is a right way around this. Unless all leaders magically had some conscience and got together and sorted out their differences. But, I digress.
will BBC report how many innocent people were murdered?
SYRIA_L killer!!??

Dilly dilly! 
A one time "fire work" to celebrate chemical attack.
Attention killer despots worldwide: It's OK to murder and imprison as many people as you'd like. You won't get bombed by @realDonaldTrump. You might even get the American intelligentsia & business leaders to kiss your butt for money. Just don't kill with chemistry.
Disgusting, in shaking in fear
The least he could do is avoid the use of colloquial language!
oh really?
white imperialism death to america
Send more cheap tv's.
Better hope Russia doesn't react
let's hope thats the end of it
