Literacy. A fine goal. Pity she failed to motivate millennials.
What are you doing to motivate millennials?
Nothing, and as the children of Apple and Disney, have no interest,  in anything I have to say.
They're not the only ones..
That is, of course #, not an answe but the avoidance of one.
Shame we can't get rid of all the other Bush's too
Not really the time or place for this. Have some decorum.
Classy
When her family are responsible for in excess of a million deaths why should I show decorum?
Are you responsible for the actions of your family?
No but I wouldn't hang around and support them.
A wife, Mum and a First Lady  RIP
R.I.P. a credit to the world she was
Sad
RIP
God have mercy on her, & grant her soul eternal rest through Christ our Lord 
Rest on Barbara Bush
Lovely woman. RIP.
Rest in peace!!!
RIP
Rip
Such a great woman. She had a long and prosperous life. May God welcome her in the gates if heaven.
I love that typo... Hilarious 
"if"
Lol
It will be a great day when her husband and sons join her.

You can join her too. Keep her company.
The Bush family is the one that needs mental help. As do their supporters.
R.I.P
R.I.P
RIP
Is pity though at a ripe age goodnight best of mother and a great wife a role model to the young wives of nowadays good bye BB
It's sad. May her soul rest in peace
RIP. God bless
Somehow trump will find a way of cashing it in....
He's probably on his way to the funeral home with LUBE.
Would not surprise me, *holding hands up* I am a tad young to know about enough Barbara Bush. She is someone's grandma. Can we try and keep her name out of his mouth for a moment before he tries blaming Syria for it...
so sad to hear of her passing a very classy lady  indeed 
May her sorrow rest in peace
About time!
May her soul rest in peace.
A military wife, wife and mother of a president . She's more than earned her seat at the highest table. God will bless her in abundance.
Unlucky @ROBYNN93
I know 
Really you know?
Who cares
You ask who cares? Other human beings that's who.
God extends the age of man until the day of his death
Signs of hearts with hearts
https://youtu.be/OUyX6-KP_dQ 
#RIPBarbaraBush
May her soul rest in peace. She lived a long life.
RIP .
RIP
La vie c'est ainsi On naît, on évolue, et on repart dans notre véritable PATRIE se confondre avec notre essence qui est "LUMIÈRE ASTRALE "en laissant actes altruistes de notre passage autres que des  apprentissages incarnation après incarnation
Rip
Rip.. Barbara bush. Always think we'll above the political angle. She was a asset to USA as a country. We must respect that
Rest in peace madam.
It is very sorrowful news for the world
RIP
Condolence to the Bush family. May Barbara R.I.P. with the Lord :-( xxxxx
Condolences to her family and friends thank you

Wonderful lady
She died decently what about Steve biko, martin Luther and millions who got bombed shamelessly and mercilessly
Rest in peace with the Lord
RIP First Lady
RIP Barbara Bush
My mate Kev cried when he lost his bush too 
Good on you, Barb...good heart, good job, good life. Thanks.
Sympathies to the family. She was a great support to her husband
RIP
Rip
May her soul Rest In Peace
The world has lost another distinguished lady, a #mother, #grandmother, #sister, friend and a wonderful 1st lady in Barbara Bush. Pray God's strength peace and comfort on her family. May her soul RIPP.
Rest in peace FIRST LADY
Calm head in the @WhiteHouse #RIPBarbara
RIP
Rest in peace madam
Adieu Ma.
RIP
May her soul rest in perfect peace.

Rest In Peace dear lady.


So sad!!,may her soul rest in eternal peace
We’ve lost a tenacious and humorous first lady. One of the greats. #rip
Prayers go out to her family. She is in Heaven now
No pain just eternal joy in Heaven With our Lord and Saviour
RIP
RIP Mrs. Bush. You were always a class act.
Condolences to the family.  Rest in peace.
Thank you for being a great role model!
Too bad, I like the Bush Family 
Rip mrs bush you were very classy lady and will be missed
I guess the Bush family are feeling the real pain of losing close family. Not that easy now when you say collateral damage.
Very sad news, my condolences to her family.
God bless and keep Barbara Bush. 
How about Carolyn Smith? Have you covered her death?
She had a very good life and a long one so she was one of the fortunate ones
We thank God for her life....RIP wonderful woman.
Amazing leader
So sorry 
Now,  was that the mother of idiot Bush??
My condolences to the Bush family. RIP Mrs. Bush.
@DaftLimmy
Rest easy Barbara Bush.  She served with class and distinction. Fought for her core beliefs. A lady indeed.
Rip Barbara Bush
Condolences to the family and friends.
Rest in peace
We mourn your passing away - rest in peace. You were a strong, family oriented, intelligent and caring person and often reminded me of my mother.
Lmfao...
God's speed and God bless, remarkable woman who was never afraid too say it how it was. My thoughts are with GW senior and the entire family. RIP.
She was one classy lady.  My thoughts and prayers to her family.
Had nothing but admiration for Barbara Bush; sincere condolences to family and friends.
Wow! Big news. Condolences to the family. X
RIP
Accept my condolences 
God bless her soul
So sad.
Heartbroken. This isn't politics. She was a fine woman.
Ever dream of owning your own private exoranch? Say on Proxima centauri b? Dream no more! http://WSMCR.org 
She will be missed, a role model ,sincere, eloquent, classy woman. Condolences to the family.
RIP
It’s a sad day. First Lady in every sense of the word. Strong and strong willed. Ferociously protective of her family. Proponent of reading. Wicked wit and humor. Down to earth. Proof that all of those traits can coexist under one roof of class. Rest In Peace Bar
Literacy is so important. #BarbaraBush's work went far beyond that. 
A First Lady has the power to make people think. In 1989 Barbara Bush visited a Washington hospice where abandoned infants with the AIDS virus were being cared for. Some folks were ignorant and thought you could…
PRAYERS FOR BUSH FAMILY.
May her Sons follow her to a very very black hell.
RIH RIH RIH
Rip great lady
Very sad news
Jet fuel can’t melt Steel beams
sorry to hear. condolences
Shits given
Aye, she was a wrongun' alright.
With Barbara Bush’s untimely passing, so has the most exclusive club in the world disbanded:                                                                “The Former First Lady’s of Texas Club.”
Uh you do realize Laura Bush, a former First Lady, is still alive?
Rest in peace Mrs. Bush...
A magnificent wife, mother, grandmother, great grandmother and First Lady. Her legacy will be fondly remembered by many!
@franklin_callum
End of an era. 
All sympathy to family and loved ones, and gratitude for her many contributions. A sad day; her grace will be missed.
#BarbaraBush
I’m truly sorry. A prayer for the family
She is a great figure who led a good example for the next generation.
Damn. She set a high bar for other First Ladies. She had a lifelong commitment to improving literacy she will always be remembered for.

Her passing is very sad news to hear.
Rest In Peace Mrs Barbara Bush !
RIP   A True Dame
She would have taken that as a compliment

@GeneDexter
92 is too old.

We are not immortal.

RIP.
No, but nobody is going to say my loved ones no matter the age do not deserve my sadness when they go. They earned my sadness.
Rip
RIP. WE LOVE YOU&WILL MISS YOU.
May Light Perpetual Shine Upon Her. May the Angels of Heaven Rise Up to Greet You with Open Arms 
You may have disagreed with their politics but the family always had class
Thank you for your dignity and service Mrs Bush. RIP.
Sincere sympathy to the family. May the angels sing her welcome home.
So sad

Prayers for Mrs. Bush’s family and friends.  May she Rest In Peace and may God bless them with strength and comfort. 
Eyah 
She knew and was just ready for it. 
Rest is peace.
God Bless #BarbaraBush and may she #RIP
#Godspeed Ms. Bush ... A true First Lady, in all respects. 
Classy lady RIP
#RIP
A classy lady. God bless your soul 
Rest in Peace.
RIP Barbara Bush our First Lady 
My heartfelt condolences to the entire Bush family. Wonderful woman who lived a very full life. She will be missed.
dis artist just made this song a few days ago...  wierd...
RIP
Earn real money online by working as a part time job easily. Earn up to 2500$/week guaranteed.  Join link http://weemploy.online/?cash=136 
Omg no 
Will she let a full life
Peace be with you. I hope for such a quiet, loved filled end for all of us. RIP
wow....I am creeping myself out...
hi barbara do u want picking up in the morning pal
Mort
She is magnificent.
RIP
My condolences to her entire family including former President Bush Senior and his son former president GW Bush.
Oh my, what a great and classy lady!
May she rest in peace though.
My regards to the Bush family rest in peace Barbara Bush
Rest in peace Barbra  may God be with the family
Rest in peace Mrs. Bush.  Godspeed.

So sad... May she RIP
Sad news, one smart lady.
Condolences to the Bush family.  Barbara Bush was a great First Lady.
RIP
Hope you enjoyed that last Bourbon, Mrs Bush...
@Matthewlunby
Rip
That sucks. My apologies to the family.
Though it is an incredible feat to live into your 90s with your spouse and have your children still alive at 70

Very sad news.
Hardly
You're wrong. Extremely sad news. Barbara Bush was non-partisan who supported the basic human rights such as homosexuality. She also did wonders in increasing immigrant & underprivileged literacy rates.
Good riddance
What's up, bot?
Oh you don’t like the narrative
What's the narrative?
Im not in the mood to “ riddle me this “
Rest in peace

