......family biz!
Yes...the big names are meeting. The poor Africans are still suffering from the wounds of colonialism. There is absolutely nothing good in the bedrock of Commonwealth
I don’t remember an election? Did he fill an application from even?
NANI?!
Two of the stupidest things in the 21st century. The commonwealth and the dead beat monarchy. This shouldn't habe been breaking news. Both should have died a century ago.
Justice.
Could not do better, Prince Charles is an essentially gifted and inspirational leader.
Did he get the job because of his ability and skills? NO,  he got the job because his mum the boss told them that he is to get the job, just like that old film The God Father
What a relief.
I can get some sleep now.
#Commonwealth leaders agree #PrinceCharles
Only people who take the commonwealth seriously is the BBC is like creating a 1person club and that person appointing itself as head. Only importance it has are the games and a good excuse for a party.
#CommonWealth #PrinceCharles Heads without brains let the people live in polluted environment, eat adulterated food & keep physically inactive
The French and the Russians knew how to treat their royals.
I can imagine the conversation at the palace now......
Queen: Charles, I think now is the time.....
Charles: Yes Mummy?!
Queen: It’s time that you take over from me.....
Charles: Yes Mummy?!?!
Queen: ....as head of the common wealth.
Charles: Ah bollocks!
Well that is the end of Australia in the commonwealth, the republican movement will take over just saying
As if they had any say in the matter 
then they need a wake up call then bad enough his mother has let Theresa May attack us now she is letting an unqualified ill suited man who never wanted the job while Diana was alive now it's ok I think not
Why?
Let me get my glasses
This is such BS. This is UK basking in their imperialist past. Sickening that these nations are playing along.
Hussein Charles 
Only CHOG doesnt have that right. Its the Queen who decides. Isnt he too old and should make way for his son William.
Commonwealth leaders receive honours for long and excellent service
Этот выкидыш королевского почитания фашизма не может быть лидером.
Thought that was obvious......
I had thrown my name in the hat. Surprised I didn’t get an interview!
That’s democracy in action for you! What a wonderful example to set the Commonwealth...
Surprise surprise .... not 
As a citizen of the Commonwealth I object to the appointment of this British Royal Cretin. I'd say more, but the again.. really, Who Gives A F***!
They'll let the Commonwealth leaders out, now. The Tower ravens will be disappointed...
I'd assumed it was a given anyway,  but not until the Queen either died or abdicated?  Is this possibly the start of a handover? Or is he being given it as a sweetner before they make William King?
why not someone else if its a commonwealth thing.
Prince of Wales for only 60 years, this must be crunch time for his succession to the throne.
How about a referendum

Boo.
What a joke... just like that?? #sigh

This week I met Prince Charles

"And where are you from?", he asked. 
"Manchester, UK", I said.…
That's good news then & his mother will be proud/happy ...
Maybe they'll change their minds Larry.#Theking
Excellent news
Opens the way for William to be King. Good move.
I cannot understand why they have chosen an unelected person and what is the point of the Commonwealth?
I didn’t see ‘Towering nonentity’ on the applicant qualifications sheet.
I like many couldn't give a toss about Charlie or the royal family. What I do care about are the #Palestinians  being slaughterd by the Apartheid Zionist state of Israel with no condemnation! Our country being governed by Racists #windrush
so?

Of course they do. All doffing their forelocks, bowing and scraping. Makes me sick
I found out this news in 1948
Right???
So
Excellent news
And this is the best the beeb can come up with. An overpriveliged underworked barmpot still living like a parasite off the people of this country. Who gives a toss
England is a poorest nation within Commonwealth. Why Prince Charles is the leader?

Does this leave the way open for William to be King??

Good idea!
Oooo noooo that's a spoiler !!!!!!
Shouldn’t be allowed after cheating and and getting divorced
Not trump then!!
Not Wenger then? #2+2=5
Blimey, that's a bit radical.
I hope practical things were discussed at CHOGM such as how the Commonwealth members will help caribbean islands devastated by Hurricane Irene,  and also generally how are the wealthy states (all white states) give a helping hand to those poorer states.
Jolly good.
Not happy about that as Queen should leave decision up to 52. Charles has ignored African, Asian, caribbean States and concentrated on white states ie NZ, Australia, Canada.  Someone like that who has no interest in all States should not get the job.
All the good jobs go to the Germans.
Sorry half German half Greek.
Underwhelming breaking news to be honest.
The warmest April for Prince Charles
Organisation???
The people have spoken! Let freedom ring! 
This is the truth
That was a mistake.
Wow - how did he wangle that!  Amazing...must have connections
Congratulations.
Dreadful decision.
Finally.  Maybe I'll actually live long enough to see Charles as King.

Desolve the pointless Commonwealth.
I don't care!
There should be no such thing as royalty today anyhow. It’s outdated and just greedy entitlement that isn’t earned. Serves no one. That country’s people should have more say so as a sovereign nation and choose if they want a monarchy.
Why don't you report some of the actual news?


bah too bad they should skip Daft Charles the dude is a dope and badgers " jolly" hunter ..yuck
#StopTheCull
god help us all hm in charge 
Well I don't know about you lot but this is ground breaking stuff. Am shocked I tell ya. Shocked!
Who do they think will be the next head of @Arsenal?
In case you missed!   
AL Obama Admits training isis  (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) Jihadists terrorist groups.  US President Barack Obama said as he spoke from Washington when this warmonger was in power. 
You heard it from the horse's mouth. 
What a surprise not!
Abolish
O gross
And in the real world, that news doesn’t mean a thing.
Modern colonialism loading...
Commonwealth leaders agree did they ask the people in their own country ?  that Prince Charles will be the next head of the organisation, it is understood  breaking news ? not what the People are saying !
If not the king then at least the next head.terrific consolation prize.hearty congrats to the POW.
And when he is King you can swallow your tongue I guess. Monarchies work off the popular choices like school elections don't you know. Maybe if Charles had snorted drugs off a girl's bare butt while naked he'd be as popular as that one son of his.
R u an astrologer.a sychophant.british monarchs no longer rule India.
No I know that. Which makes me wonder why you care whether he will be the next BRITISH monarch. Since you clearly do.

Odd.

And he will be King simply because the Queen isn't opposed to it, but that shouldn't bother you even though it does.

Again. Odd.
Comon wealth
Means Everybody ain't it
700000 killed in Syria
Homeless starvation etc
Comon wealth you dare to say ha
http://communities.zeelandnet.nl/fohat  
http://www.tasjliech.nl/homepage  
https://twitter.com/mdtrf 
.
More Fool Them !!!!!
That's not news it's just wind.
How much getting for that.
Here come the republicans!
He is already lined up as next arsenal manager
Wow!
Don’t give a rats arse about “royalty” or the commonwealth. As far as I am concerned the whole family are nothing but scroungers. Nothing royal about them.
Right ho her majesty has spoken.  So it must be. Every one else must now dive headfirst into the field latrine and stop having opinions.  God save the queen.  That's the way to do it.
this is news? WTF did anyone expect would happen?
Does it make any difference,A killer of our humble lady diana, will now head a useless organisation.
whatever the Queen says , boys must obey
good news.charles deserves it
so much for democracy, who asked if we want to be in the commonwealth anyway #takebackcontrol
Good . That'll piss off Corbyn .
Shockerooni!
Lycamobile
Can England leave?
Charlie boy finally gets a job. Shame his mother had to get it for him
Harry gets job,granny got it for him
A big congratulations to Prince Charles for his new appointment as head of Commonwealth.... meanwhile his son; Prince William will be appointed King of England.
You all need yr heads testing
Camilla's Prince Charles?...
Don’t tell @jeremycorbyn 
Thought that would happen anyway when he becomes king..the queen is still alive so I'm confused

Greetings friends. Am Daniel from Kenya seeking donations from anyone to help me feed and clothe my brother's orphans after all their parents died of AIDS. Anybody willing to assist these young starving orphans to email me ( otienodaniel56@gmail.com ). Donate anything if touched
It’s what the people chose.... oh wait....
Ah well. Next job: dismantle the monarchy itself, that's the important bit.
Do you know what?  I think the monarchy is more in tune with 21st century than done of its subjects.....in terms of global attitude n mentality
Correct.
Absolute bullshite, progress means the post should be an elected one not a patriarchy from the days of imperialism. What an absolute nonsense move from so called heads/leaders of states...
#HappyAndGlorious?
No one cares
Who gives a fuck. #republic
Ha! Yea right! It goes to Harry and Meghan, sorry old man....the new generation will handle it from here, thanks! @potus @BBCWorld @netanyahu @wikileaks @washingtonpost @KremlinRussia_E @AnonUK @AnonOpsLegion
Wow, didn't see that coming. What a shocker!
Should have been Princess Anne
Corruption has started in Commonwealth??? 
OMG!!!
I would have rather preferred Prince Harry.
Or Prince Harry’s dad?

No democracy line of argument anyone?
Nicaragua is trying to defend against their dictator Daniel Ortega which acts like al Assad 2.0. help us spread the word. We can't die without government being overthrown
No! ....the Commonwealth HOS were being polite to Her Majesty The Queen when they clapped n agree. Nobody likes Prince Charles really.
All the people replying in the comments clearly have no clue what they are on about.   Most not even British.
I don’t believe ANYONE had a choice. They could ship old Camilla off to one of the islands maybe, but she would only scare tourists
Of course they did, mummy took the interview for him.

I wouldn't let him be head of a three bar fire, the slobbering dauphin.
He must be the best qualified person in the commonwealth for this. I bet his mums recommendation didn’t hurt either
God bless The Queen of UK and Her Children. We Love you 
Nooo I really dislike Charles
He's alright Charles is
Think we need someone younger Charles should step aside and let William reign. Plus by the time Charles is king he’ll be to old to do anything
Obligatory "monarchy does not work that way" comment.
Yeah what a pitty it doesn’t
If Charles steps a side and let's William be king what's the point of a  royal family you might as well day lets skip both of them and make George king
Not really Charles will be over 70 before he is king and personally I don’t think he will have the stamina or the views to keep the U.K. and the commonwealth up to date and together, he won’t want to always be traveling and to be honest I think if he should advacate
I like prince Charles and he deserves to be king even if it for a small time
Forget Brexit, the British Empire returns - bow down to your Imperial Masters.  Great trade deals & a new Royal Yacht to travel the world.
Fix
I'm quite disgusted that it's even up for debate. What has he done to spark the question in the first place?
Tell you what, lets be totally absurd about it and give Donald Trump the  reign. #UtterRidiculous!
@derrickg745 History time and a thank you, God bless Queen Elizabeth ll.


Good, that's his first real job since leaving school.
Phew.  I'll sleep tonight.
Me?
Arsene Wenger’s free, he could take The Commonwealth into Europe
Empire 2.0

I bet that’s a popular decision 
Good news
Long live Prince Charles!
Thank god for that. I can sleep easy tonight.
GOD BLESS THE QUEEN!
So in preparation for a potential visit to Canada he might want to avoid that never ending question 'where are you from'.
'The Organisation'

BREAKING: Position historically held by royalty will continue to be held by royalty.
Did anyone really expect that perhaps, it might be the Milkman? Probably not. Or that anyone might say “Nah, choose someone else”. Of course it’s another Royal.
Yes
Guess the rest of us came out of the wrong vagina?
The world's largest propaganda forum to invite old slaves to meet their slave masters and their luxury while making them feel enslaved again. 
Still worshipping the old age collonial crap?
Ducking right there
Why can't this position b reviewed accurately 4Britain 2 end its monopoly;an elected  rotational role b introduced 2 organisation's members?
I bet u won’t get a reply!But msg is delivered...lol
independent and equal king 
Make any Asian as head.
Wooo democracy.
Thailand and Saudi Arabia Have The king sir. 

Jobs for the boy(s)!!!

Onyshchenko releases alleged recording implicating Poroshenko, Zlochevsky in graft https://www.kyivpost.com/ukraine-politics/onyshchenko-releases-alleged-recording-implicating-poroshenko-zlochevsky-graft.html …
How come Alan Pardew never got a look in ? He’s free at the moment ....
Let’s calm down, the Queen isn’t dead yet and they are already agreeing on the person who will be her successor! and that person is the next in line to the throne so of course they will agree on Prince Charles so how is this breaking news? 
I Want to See and dream about UK. now have The King Congratulations Sir you Can protect Animals too 
This is.... news?
Obviously. that is how it works. There was no need for them to agree, if they didn't want this scenario then they could leave the commonwealth.

Very good decision.
Fuk!! A family who stole their lands for imperialising colinisation!!! #Grovellers
I thought the job would go to Liam Gallagher to be honest
No, he is not my real son
I bet he was pleased that he would be a leader, before finding out it wasn't THAT one.
DA tendencies, people just agree to Prince Charles leading Commonwealth with no elections. You can see they are all cousins 

We go live to Prince Charles reaction. Apologies, they are still setting up the camera.
Disappointed they didn't select Robert Mugabe.
Next best choice.
Hahahaha
How would he be eligible tho? Doesn’t make sense
Neither does Charles.
And there was me thinking I had a chance!!
Who gives a shit! NOT ME!
Commonwealth leaders fall into line after free meal at Buckingham palace,  and agree Charles will be next leader.
More than a free meal,think of all the money that’s being held in foreign aid. That money is given to them. With money you can buy anything in this corrupt world.
