He deserves slow and painful death
He has been given 20 Years for shooting at the police.

He will be put on trial again for the bombings.....
Still not enough we should get rid of evil people like him
Bring back public hanging! Make an example of these cowards hiding behind the word terror.
He has been given 20 Years for shooting at the police.

He will be put on trial again for the bombings.
Use the tax payers money to feed,clothe and hose him for 20 years.Joke....
The Death Penalty is not executed in Europe so yeah.
How many more innocent people are going to suffer before something gets done about it?
Convince him to confess.....
20 year what a joke
This sentence isn't for the Paris attacks
Calling for the death penalty is playing right into the hands of the terrorists. A life time in solitary confinement will lead him to the inevitable epiphany that he's a weak minded fuckwit who was suckered into flawed ideology - facing a lifetime to regret it. I'm OK with that.
he only got 20 years, and he'll probably be out on parole in five considering the Europeans' love and leniency for Islamic terrorists. RIDICULOUS sentence.
And now the taxpayers' money will be used to feed and keep him warm for the rest of his miserable existence.
Should be handged.
*hanged 
Oh yeah, sorry. :)
Think the person who sent him down needs a reality check. 20 years in prison for something that was going to ruin the lives of copious amounts of people. Absolutely crazy. Lock him up and throw away the key.
He has been given 20 Years for shooting at the police.

He will be put on trial again for the bombings.
Hang him
I completely agree with u and I’m against death penalty.
Now after all his atrocities WE still need to pay all his costs! 
It should be better to send him to break stones so with it he can pay his own costs!
But small problem: politicians do not have “balls” in Belgistan! 
GOOD
Now shoot him.
Oh mane mane
20 years?? That is an INSULT to the poor people that died in the Bataclan theater. Saleh is an accomplice and planner of mass murder. He should be shot or given life in prison. You let him out and watch him kill more. Idiots
Should give him live with out parole
Brand him with a star of David or crucifix - fight stupid religious beliefs with their own book !
Quelle surprise!
Seriously why you even spending money to bring him to trial then spend more money to give him food Just put a bullet in his head end off the story
Hang him
hang hm high 
An for an eye a tooth for a tooth #GetRidOfHim
Not exactly a massive surprise now is it...
Paris attacks suspect refused to answer questions at his trial ,claims anti - Muslim bias.
Paris attacks suspect 'must be acquitted' after court papers issued in wrong language.
Paris attacks suspect lambasts 'anti Muslim' bias.
He'll be given a mansion and govt position
#NTVNews @MauriceMugisha @DailyMonitor

Give him the same respect and decency he showed his victims.None.
Right and this needed a trial, hang the prick.....
Torture him slowly so he has a slow and painful death
'Suspect'
About bloody time!
That's such a huge relief. Justice for the victims whose lives were lost on the very night.
