I wonder if he took the old bone home for the corgis.
And I've had a rich tea biscuit. Delicious with a cup of Tetley!!
My husband left hospital 3 days after his hip operation!
Quick turn around guess benefit of having everything everyone else has to scramble across several desperate appointments w Doctors and Physical Therapy. In King Edwards case everyone else has to come to him in the comfort of own residence large or small
who really cares about what this twat does couldn’t care less
I didn’t mean to be so disrespectful.
Yawn.  I don't care. Who?
Really? Who gives a shit

Good , best wishes for speedy recovery to Prince Phillip
Mind you the hospitals we go to you’re safer at home
Irrelevant BBC, but well done for finally correcting your reporters to pronounce the word Privacy correctly using accurate oxford English & not the American way PRYVASEA.
He was replaced?!
We would be thrown out the day after the op
A personality transplant would have been preferential. In other news, couldn't give a shiny shit.
rest in peace :( gone too soon
? Lol
"lol" don't be so disrespectful
Who died?
Wishful thinking

Who cares?
Speedy recovery to a wonderful man who is a http://wonderful.exqmple.to  all.of us on how to live our lives.
And so did many other pensioners today, unfortunately they had probably been waiting for over a year on the NHS!
how is this breaking news?
Husband of the monarch.
So.....in other words......a fucking man.
Why are people so obsessed with their family, jeez
i fully agree @leozaza
Best wishes
Big deal    you bunch of asslickers
Man who was in hospital for operation leaves hospital is not "Breaking News".
Nicholas Witchell as gone to stand outside the hospital to tell us that the DoE is at Windsor.
Horrible man 
Not bad for a 70 y/o. For 96 he's getting that special serum. Hip replacement after 85 is rare-ish. #respect
He won’t get his money out of it lol
#JusticeForAsifa India
How much did that cost us? Hope he got sky tv
And the point of breaking news yesterday is?!.....Anne may as well have waited til he got home. P.s. My 80 yr old mum also waiting for a new hip 
Blimey..Nine days?...I had a knee replacement and was turfed out 2 days after the op....I think it's the same for those with hip replacements.
Luxury eh?
Well....If I'd got money, I'd do it....
96. Is it worth it?
How lon will he get  1, 2 3 years May be ?
#RaminHosseinPanahi
A wonder at his age under the NHS if he would have been eligible for this OP
My poor husband’s waiting for an operation which has been ongoing since last August. Now regretfully, somehow, he’s dropped off the system and nobody’s heard of him 
Incredible. Let us know the moment he has a bowel movement.
Always heartening to hear a 96 year old has sailed through surgery. Gives us all hope for a healthy old age. Wishing him an equally speedy recovery at home.

Zzzzzzzzzzzzz.....
In a coffin?
what you mean is NINE BLOODY DAYS as any other UK resident gets kicked out after two!! But hey it was all on us £££££££
Not 96 year olds...
especially Royal ones…
Royalty not the issue for me. Would be thrilled for any 96 year old. Any surgery is a major event at that age. Must be in good shape to even be given the go-ahead. I'm 62 and hope I'm doing as well at that age.
I hope you are too but here in the UK the likes of my mummy got kicked out after 2 days. She’s not royal mind you
Happens here in Canada too. They usually can't wait to free up a bed so out you go, ready or not. 
He had to get out as other members of his family were threatening to visit.
...and said something completely inappropriate.
Oh good cos I've been sooooo worried...
The next ultra rich will be those who unlock asteroid mining. Get your part of this limitless wealth by making your own claim: http://WSMCR.org 
How is this breaking news
Oh
Hip hip hooray!
I will sleep tonight
Well once again thanks for letting us know....don't think we could of managed to get through the weekend without that nugget of info!...oops I mean breaking news!
Is this really news?
Breaking News!!!! Really!! 
DoE and his missus have done more for this country that most will ever do. Don’t see many of the wingers working in their 80’s. #riseofthethickness
"Working" don't be silly they haven't done a days work in their lives. They have had the finest medical treatment, and i might add free. The whole rotten lot are parasites living off a free huge amount of cash stolen from the public purse. Bring on the republic
Tough old stock these people. Wish him well.
Quite frankly it’s a disgrace, an insult to all those UK citizens who ensure his life style, so not only an extravagant wedding to an American Divorcee at my pleasure but now a hip which is set to last but a few years if we’re lucky, not exactly value for money
Great, just shows what money can by, I mean tax payers
Oxygen thief
Who gives a monkeys?
Why is this breaking news
So
Yawn
Who bloody cares.!!!!
Weekend at Bernies?
This'll make a good episode in The Crown
Shame he didn’t leave in a wooden box! #scum
Big whizz, I walked to the co-op and back with a plaster on my toe
Yay, we're all so happy
I guess if you're going to have a major issue over a short period of time the King Edward VII Hospital would be the place to have it
Not breaking news unless he broke his other hip
I think breaking news should be good news more often? I've had enough of bad news.
This is *news*??
Millions of others will leave hospital today too....
Did he get the bus? Anyway three cheers for the Prince hip hip ....
Should have read “head of largest family of benefit scroungers in uk has hip replacement surgery at top private hospital “
Oh dear, never mind, maybe he won’t come out next time.
How nasty
An old man has had a hip operation & is now leaving hospital #NotNews
If he was a horse they wouldnt have performed the hip replacement op. Just think about that for a second. Bloody brexit. Ruined everything now. Bloody horses are taking over.


how is this 'breaking news'????!
This is not breaking news!
Light show after 9 minutes during this weekends premier league games as a mark of respect for his struggles
So pleased the Duke’s recovery seems to be going well.
Amazing. Best wishes
slow news day I guess?
How unkind most of you are.
Oh! Bless the old fella! That's great news! x
Yawn.
I wonder what you guys call real #BReakingNEws?
Super Duper Breaking News? 

Is that the typical stay for a like-patient or was this parasite given special "attention?"
How is this breaking news.....
Bet he didn't have to wait long.
@KensingtonRoyal  & family & co & relatives & third party members are benefit scroungers. Why is it they get priority over the general public? Are they more important than my mother, or father? The monarchy is backward, full of misguided idiots that think they're appointed by god
He is with the angles now. RIP
Looks like the sines were there all along.
Hooray for the wrinkled old fart !
I hope His Royal Highness continues to mend well
you really care about this leech?
Hip, hip, hooray
and in the meantime. ...the NHS hip replacement waiting list for the 'not-so-rich' old people keeps growing...
This is what we get for our license fee? Some over privileged old bloke leaves hospital being breaking news?
And when he was only halfway  up he was neither up nor down.....
News
Isn't it nice how he gets an operation so soon yet people are waiting ages.. couldn't give a flying fuck about this
No waiting list for him.
Who cares?
So what do you want the country to do let's have a holiday and we all can go on the drink .....
They kicked me out after 2 days when I had mine done!
But then again I am not 90 odd or The Queen’s other half!!!
Did they set up a care package before he was allowed home , oh sorry he will be wined and dined till it hurts 

And for today's non-news....
I am completely out of fucks to give about this news.

https://www.pscp.tv/w/baB_iTF3QkVBZHF5V0RHalB8MWRSS1plYm9QeU14Qvv5e4hYUmqdixNCzYHnLJzRZqOd1OcMesl6x5aoi8tb …
'breaking news'? FFS
Sponging wanker
Fantastic news. Thanks for keeping us updated as ‘breaking news’.
Again why is this breaking news?
If he were an ordinary working class bloke of 96yrs there's no way he'd have got this op done.
And your point? When wifey's portrait is on the paper paying for your operation, you get a few perks. People moan but it's always the same pointless comments. It shouldn't even be news
BROKEN NEWS...!!! 

Man leaves hospital.....

He didnt have to wait 9 months then


Get well soon.
Why is this breaking news?
Shut the front door ffs
Thank the Lord!!!!!!
@derrickg745 did princess and tell him to get up and stop malingering , wish him well.
Do you think money or royalty take precedence over normal folk when it comes to medical treatment
No. No, not at all. Breaking news would be your coverage of Jeremy Hunt's 'mistake' breaking money laundering laws.
Does anyone give a fcuk?
yes, it's news about tolerating and paying for parasites like the royals.

Did he say he got my grapes and flowers, I've been ever so worried..
Come off it. This is not breaking news. Neither was it when he went into hospital it when his daughter visited him.
I doubt any normal person would have had a hip replacement at 96.
I don't regret anybody having a painful hip or knee replacement but this annoys me in that if he wasn't in the royal family I would very much doubt this would have occurred. Any ordinary member of public would have waited or not been granted such an Op. Oh well dilly dilly
Thank Christ for that...any significance to #ninedays!?
Meanwhile, a dozen grandfathers from Cardiff to Aberdeen are informed that they're too old for a new hip.
I have a friend who is too young. Madness
Hope he makes a speedy recovery!
(Insert "Who cares" meme here)
How is this breaking news?
Wow what news
@clare_mo @DanielleMerv BREAKING NEWS.
I CAN'T LIVE LIKE THIS! WHY WON'T THEY TELL US!?
Great news for Dukes.

Wow! Nine days of 24 hour care  and pampering after only 1 month waiting for op. After diagnosis . So is that it then rich  people will have long happy lives while the rest of us poor people suffer and die young . Revolution anyone ?
Did someone say Revolution? Count me in 
#VoteKoIzzatDo
That’s nice. I wonder when my dad, now 82 and down the pit digging coal at 15, will get his hip operation?
Oh, and did I mention he’d paid a lifetime of taxes?
Shame really.. If he was foreign or a benefit scrounge he'd get everything he wanted off the government  hard working people get fuck all
I'm very happy his surgery was successful and he is improving. Sending my love.
He doesn't know you exist
While thousands wait,in excruciating pain,for years waiting for theirs. Thanks to Tory ‘Media’ who covered up the rampant Privatisation that is totally responsible for this.This country stinks and its the ‘National Broadcaster’, you, that is largely responsible for covering it up
Very pleased for HRH.
A pity the same service isn't available to all his peers.

Not arsed 
Hip Hip Hooray
#QAnon
Well why do they keep breeding then??
Right, now that's out the way lets bomb Syria!
And this is news how old man leaves private hospital after best surgeon replaces hip mmm think there’s more important things for you to report but of course a propaganda machine for the uk
Just in time bunker already him 
Thank god for that, I was on tenterhooks.....
'Pensioner leaves hospital after hip operation.' This is news??
Right tell him he's fit for work.
Came here to see all the boring people's ' waaaaa this isn't breaking news! Waaaa' comments and I must say Twitter, you haven't let me down!
Phew... Now I can relax...

#WhoCares?
I bet he didn’t have to wait 13 hours for an ambulance or 6 hours on an uncomfortable trolley in a draughty corridor or transferred to a unit for end of life care without explanation like my mum, 88, when she broke her ankle.
#StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveOurNHS #WATON #FBPE #ABTV
Is this really breaking news???
My neighbour was sent home after 1 day. Money talks.
soooooo who gives a shit anyone else wud av ad to wait years 
Not that anyone cares.
Is he really gona get full use out of a new hip at his age
can’t wait for the Daily Mail headline “immigrant who’s never worked or had a tax bill that lives in state-paid social housing jumps queue to get private treatment at public expense”
Let's just imagine for one crazy moment that it was Jeremy Corbyn, not  Jeremy Hunt, caught flouting money laundering legislation in the  'overlooked' purchase of seven luxury flats. What would the reaction be?  'Apology accepted'?
When is the old man going to die he has to give on I would
Not dead yet? Damn!

Who pays for this oh that's right US
Have a friend whose been waiting forever for a Hip replacement.
Wonder how long Phil the Greek waited ?
Care factor 0
Upon leaving hospital did the Duke of Edinburgh say what a wonderful thing the #NHS is?


This may be ‘breaking’ and it may be ‘news’ at some low level. But surely there has to be a base level of importance to merit the combination of those two words?
Must have the right post code.
BREAKING NEWS ......I've just left the toilet after 5 minutes...
Congratulations. You must be very proud 
It’s been a long time coming 
