Death toll from military plane crash in Algeria reaches at least 247, media reports say
Pray for Algeria
May be they scrimpt on maintenance ?
its a shame all I see is conjecture and criticism let the living morn the dead my heart goes to there families and friends
Too bad that's sad...
How sad.
Who's military was this the US?
Before launching attacks against Syria the west might want to check it has the support of Muslim, Arab states.
This has nothing to do with politics , this is a normal accident. Algeria is not an Arab state because it's in North Africa and has nothing to do with terrorism
The Arab League is headquartered in Egypt, North Africa.
Sorry
Mes sinceres condoleances aux familles et  Allah yarahm hom..
Una verdadera lástima, condolencias a los familiares de las víctimas.
Allahu Akbar?
Can you please stop bringing relegion to this? It's not an Isis attack , Algeria is a safe country  you may want to educate yourself more before deciding to make some theories .
Very sad.
awful. condolences to the relatives of the deceased. Russia.
Seen reports it could be up to 100 dead - how awful!
257 ...
I bet they blame Trump
Theres a 'Storm' coming up for old Trumpy. He's got enough to contend with than interfering in Algerian politics
May they rest in peace...

Update: 105 dead in Military plane crash in #Algeria, this morning 26 of them were from #Polisario front (Western Sahara freedom fighters seeking independence from #Morocco). Last major similar accident happened near Constantine in Feb.12,2014 left 77 dead.

"Deadly Military plane crash in Algeria"? The BBC behaving like a red top again.   Dignity and professionalism is required from the national broadcasting company. Less sensationalism and more facts would help your frail credibility.
It crashed less than an hour ago, what facts do you need?!
Hundreds feared dead in Algeria military plane crash.
very sad
Algerian military plane with more than 100 people on board crashes.
Far too many accidents ,and killings ?could this be due to climatic changes effecting humans or the magnets ?
Can't tell if your trolling or serious
Google:Full magnetic pole reversal effects on humans.I have a article on climatic changes written early 80's when many scientists didn't kno
Algeria military plane crashes near Boufarik airport.
What military? Believe it or not just putting military is quite vague
There is more than one?
Religion of peace strikes again
Wot
Wats d cuz?
Probably mechanical failure
секс за деньги
