White= in custody
Ummm if you would actually open the article, it's says arrested
We’re talking about his race he is white
No, she was making a point about the "racism" that was happening, and that supposedly if the shooter wasn't white, it would say imprisoned, which is ridiculous nonetheless.
No, She was making a statement that if the bastard was black he'd be dead right now. 
Don't EVER speak for me.
And yet that SOMEGUY chap has retweeted this https://twitter.com/lemon_lifestyle/status/974371843393114113?s=21 … (in case you didn’t know Danny, it’s referencing the fact black people are killed by the police quite regularly but white people are always captured)
RE-TWEET THIS:

It costs $0.00 to be a decent person.

Superficial interpretation of the word terrorist. Smh
Hello! So, you might have heard but I’m contributing to a psych paper on “alt right” types (including all far right subsets like white supremacists etc). One thing we’ve noticed is that many have historical figures or artefacts in their avatars. People are trying to work out why.
Really?
Quite! The purpose of the paper is to spread awareness of modern far right/damaging conservatism. One goal is to find unifying features in people (aka stereotypes) and work out why they consider it fashionable.
“Sneaky Byronicé, “ I can’t take you serious with that name. You’re clearly trolling me.
How did they find him?.. he was going Commando!
Easy to spot in a crowd I’m guessing with his weapon cocked and loaded....
No doubt he was suffering from 'Mental health' issues.
He was. His guns had been confiscated by police, bc that's the law. His Dad gave guns to him. @rumtangdon @BBCBreaking
An NRA spokesman has just said that this would not have happened if the Waffles had been armed
Too early for “a witness stated she couldn’t recall in detail what he was wearing but it needing ironing”?
One female witness (87) was reported to have had a stroke, her friend (79) couldn't reach.

I'll get my coat.
You deserve a knighthood for that
Taken alive, probably brought to KFC
Great finally !!now they will say he has a mental problem ...and white wash him ....enough!plus they always catch the White alive others they kill them why ?!
I guess maybe it’s time to arm Waffle House workers.
How they keep catching these rampage shooters but shooting black people 30 times in a car #justice
Waffle House Gunman In Custody...The new long awaited  album from They Might Be Giants
While dozens still hospitalized from eating at Waffle House
Lock him up and throw away the key
IS HE STILL NAKED?
I was gonna ask same thing
We need to know

Why did he go a shooting pantless?
Yes totally bizarre what assortment of drugs was he on and why did he wait to take the jacket off until he got inside. So many questions need to be asked
Of course he is he's white
Don’t forget about who stopped him!
No suprise as long as NRA controlls America sick people can get guns .
This man who was armed and dangerous taken into custody alive in white privilege style. Who otherwise if he had been brown would have been shot at least 30 times in the back by police.
How to basic
His Nazi friends helped him out
I'm confident he will be bruise free and courteously white processed.
he is a white i bet...
if he was a black, he would have been dead by now!
Lucky he wasn't black. Custody is a nicer place than death #BLM
Ok
Look for him as soon as possible and kill him
woo
Instagram private profile viewer 2018 -NO SURVEY
http://getpasswordrecovered.com/instagram-private-profile-viewer-2018-no-survey-view-private-instagram-profiles-without-following/ …
Probably arrested for being naked.
Given he was buck naked probably okay to say manhunt on this occasion.
IS 'HE' CLOTHED YET? #WaffleHouse #WaffleHouseShooter #WaffleHouseShooting #WaffleHouseHero #LockHimUp #ThanksTrump #MAGA
NUDE!

Naked means unguarded or unarmed.
How did they know it was a manhunt?
Are you seeking for Unique Network, It, Technology, Data, Software Logo to represent your business?
Mmmmmm Waffles and Custody.
He is still alive !!
Should be whipped naked first for taking innocent lives. Psychology doesn't work here, and, on the contrary, encourages crime as criminals are greater psychiatrists than clinical or social psychiatrists who are mostly academics. Long / life sentences are a liability on state.
Lemme guess. Is it another man?

Very difficult to reveal the name?
I thought Leslie Nielsen was the Naked Gun man...
Death by firing squad. Let him stand there in the nude and they can shoot his balls off first!
Naked white supremacist who loved Trump murders 4.
Stop with the naked nonsense.
No where safe!
is this a real headline? 
mmm... waffles...
The cops should of save us taxpayers money by just killing him
Do you think Waffle House believes there is no such thing as bad press?

Manhood hunt
Great. Keep him there now please. Unlike when you apprehended him last year for trying to get to the President and let him go. Not the gun- as always, it’s the person. Our officials don’t do their job 
Of COURSE you think the fact he wanted to get in to see Trump is more concerning than him taking an AR-15 into a restaurant and shooting it up. Of COURSE.
he's still alive??
?
Gud!
Fargo


