He could do it from home
My Hooman, an OU graduate, is very pleased at this news! 
I’m unsure what difference it will make yet. There seem to be people in the upper echelons determined to strip the organisation to the barebones. They’ve lost sight of what the OU was set up to do, which as a student concerns me greatly.
Maybe, but its destruction seemed certain with him as VC.
This paragraph bothers me:

“However, the university governing body is expected to continue the bulk of the plans he drew up on changing the university curriculum.”
Well done @OpenUniversity staff - you managed to do what the @BBC  couldn't.
#RaminHosseinPanahi
If people in position of authority don't resign when their position becomes untenable or is challenged by peers, the system is dysfunctional.

The beauty about the #UK is it's  mostly principle based.
From his resignation statement: “The requirement for social justice in education is acute” - to what does this signify?
Waow
Anyone know what his salary was?
Next stop UoC. Bring it on. @justinmadders @RSCWestMids @DamianHinds
Shock as dead-weight academics back union trying to get rid of man trying to get rid of dead-weight academics who think that a job is something awarded to them forever even if they don’t modernise
I'm sure he knows a good online course if he needs to re train
Yes!
That's £360K per year saved. He won't be the only "fat cat" VC to resign in the next few years.
I love @OpenUniversity and have done three degrees with them, but ppl are realising that a degree from any uni doesn’t guarantee you a job anymore. Lots of unis are really gonna struggle as student numbers drop x
I think one of the problems is that too many students study subjects that there isn't enough demand for. They should really given more advice on probable outcomes.
What a load of horrocks.
Peter Horrocks resigns after vote of no- confidence.
Open University council fails to back Vice - Chancellor.
Good.
If only the @MayorofLondon would do the same
While closed university VC is resisting
This shows maturity of the west I think of India
was booted out from his job
Yeah, never mind that, what about this:
I like how you can have a vote of no confidence, it would be like, bill chil, it'll be really bad. thanks for the vote of no confidence
How terrible for all of you at the Beeb -- one of your's so badly treated? Is this going to stoke some interest in this government's & @UniversitiesUK destruction of public education? @ucu @UcuYork
BREAKING NEWS: Man leaves job
