Without conscience some(rulers&rebels) kill innocents to live&enjoy life .

Роджер Уотерс из Pink Floyd осудил бомбардировки Сирии во время концерта в Испании 
خر و اسب خودتان هستید ، آیا فکر می‌کنید ما ایرانی‌ها نمی دانیم که آمریکا به دنبال چیست؟ آیا فکر می‌کنید که ما نمیدانیم قدم و قدمهای بعدی آمریکا چیست؟ ما بیدار و هوشیار هستیم و کوچکترین حرکت آمریکایی‌ها را رسد می‌کنیم و بزودی شاهد نابودی اسرائیل خواهید بود 
I LOVE YOU IRAN IRAN
Are lying to people again? I remember the last time you lied and cheated public about ‘chemical attacks’ in Syria...remind me again why I have to pay my tv license?
#JusticeForAsifa India

We have all the proof in the world but no one believes it anymore. TV, eyewitness statements etc. It's all staged and fake news for all the doubting Thomas's. We will all believe when it's sadly too late. 
Has the BBC checked the source? The former UK ambassador to Syria says the source was militants/ terrorists. Are you able to dispute this?
It's so GOOD to see people are waking up and the BBC propaganda is failing.
Really?
#Bolivia's ambassador to the #UNSC slams #Washington's repeated WMD lies, from #Iraq to #ISIS to #Syria. 
We all know it's a big lie ... the Syrian army is getting closer to free his lands from terrorist and Doma was isolated and surrounded after most of militant groups has agreed and started to move to other places .....
I believe Turky has splayed the Rabaul’s to commute the attack.
Fake like you're news
Nice spin @BBCBreaking they haven't even obtained access yet look at your title.

Still no incontrovertible evidence of chemical attack. Please, please make sure you know for sure it actually happened!
As George Galloway stated last week about the official story of the Salisbury charade. " If you believe this lie... you are not a sheep....a sheep is clever than you ....you are an IDIOT.
Looks like duo May & Trump want WW 3... Vladimir will play a important role in this drama... wanna war? Use your soldiers no nuclear and chemical weapons... stop hurting innocent people.
Not good
I hope Teresa May and our government do not get involved. Syria has nothing to do with the U.K. and our troops do not belong there.
Yes, but who set it off ?  Easy to pin it on Al~Assad & use as pretext for invasion 

#SYRIA 
#Falseflag 
#deception 
#WW3

开局一张图，内容全靠编. jpg
Doubt it
there isnt any evidence assad did this, only accusations. Que bono?
For those that don't know, WW2 was started over a false flag orchestrated by Germany. WW3 will be a false flag orchestrated by groups fighting Assad. The fact is always children affected is far too convenient.
How about children affected in Yemen killed by saoudia Arabia ? This don't seem to affect the Anyone.:. Double standard and Syria any excuse is good.

Will World War III be started over a lie? http://theantimedia.com/syria-chemical-weapons-attack-lied/ …
Who did it!! TONY BLAIR B.S. story
Bullshit! Just excuse for interfere the Syria stuff
When using chlorine, nobody can walk around without protective clothing. These terrorists are abusing children for their crimes. This proves that the Western states to cooperate with Islamists!
آیا با مداخله مستقیم آمریکا تعداد کشته شدگان غیر نظامی بیشتر میشه یا کمتر؟
البته مردن با موشک معمولی بهتر از موشک شیمیایی هست
We need to stop this. Here's an valid counter option buy one who has experience on the ground in Syria.

Former UK Ambassador to Syria: Syrian Chemical Weapons Attack Was STAGED By Islamic Jihadi Propagandists, No One Actually Died
Why do they want access to that? I thought they disbanded years ago after Keith Moon died
Watch this, how you have prepared your staged "chemical attack".
هكذا تدربوا الاطفال على انهم مصابين بقصف غازات سامة عند سماعهم صفارات الانذار #منحبك_ياحاج_حسين_مرتضى 
WHO didn't say that. That's was reported to them by an American Syrian aid group with a known agenda against the regime. Unconfirmed. Any respectable news outlet is being careful to throw in the word 'alleged'. 

Do some journalism wankers.

The Syrian-American Medical Society, cited in this story, is a distinctly suspect organisation. It never ever mentions the actual jihadists Assad is fighting and who supply these videos - and it always puts out the narrative of Assad versus his own people.
I have my doubts as to if Assad actually did this. It looks staged to me.  We need full facts.
If Russia had nothing to hide, why wouldn't it allow an independent investigation into this chemical attack but keep vetoing UN resolutions?
It just shows that they cannot be trusted on international matters. They have selfish agendas to pursue. Sad and disappointing!
It’s Russia the one asking for an independent investigation team and the West not agreeing.
Made up Rubbish! How can we end humanity and end all existence on the basis of NO EVIDENCE. The UK and US people need to rise up and stop this idiocy by our politicians.
That will make the western powers furious.

They repeatedly blocked efforts for investigators to visit Khan Sheikhoun.
Stop using and posting unverified videos and pics. Its propoganda and dangerous !
Fake news. WHO isn't on the ground and relies on 2nd hand accounts, in a setting where there are strong motives for lying. It's opinion is as worthless as it is unsubstantiated.
the world hate America guts in the first place so why should we get involved
No, most of us just hate Trump and the rest of your current egregious  administration.
You only hate Trump just because it popular & he pro American
yes iknow i have bad grammar 
one thing i just got ask if you would say i hate Obama would not be called a Racist liberal's 
double standards
I still have no clue what you are talking about.
BBC you are a disgrace. Banging the war drum on zero evidence. The white helmets have been rumbled and so have you. You may still appeal to the hard of thinking but the rest of us know your game.
Stop lying BBC.  #FalseFlags don’t work as we want EVIDENCE from lol sides as we don’t trust you!
Let the people live in peace 
Because of the two fools May and Trump, the world will be destroyed !!!
You left 'egregious, self-interested hypocrites' out of that sentence.
If Assad was removed would it bring peace to Syria?
If it's anything like Libya then that's a very big No
Russia invited the OPCW there. 

I'll trust their assessment.
https://youtu.be/3j_Z1f84Ps8  Peter Ford, former ambassador in Syria,
Too bad it doesn't waft under Assad's nose.
Lying cunts
Someone winning the war, with his enemies fleeing or routed , is not a desperate person to resort to chemical weapons. Ridiculous.
COME ON WORLD THESE PEOPLE NEED HELP ITS A PRESENT HOLOCAUST DONT WAIT FOR THE CONDEMNATION OF HISTORY TO ACT
very sad time for Syria
BBC FAKE NEWS .YOU LIE PEOPLE
and yet the world sits back ... always the US to the rescue. Maybe it's time for us in the US to just concentrate on ourselves.
Perhaps people you should focus your energy on something that you can affect a change on.
Nothing in Syria can you do anything about.
Following & discussing it will only distract you from doing the good that you could be doing in some other area. Yes I did say that

 
Sad to hear
Missile warfare should not be used to protest chemical warfare. There has to be a saner position.Trump seems to be a "quick draw" on strikes unaware or unconcerned about human deaths.
But Drs said they got no patients with symptoms of chemical attack!  Will we ever know the truth?????
NATO investigation please!
WHO spokesperson, an Australian, cited "information previously released by local health organisations". Are those ISIS health organizations? The White Helmets who likely fabricated the videos? They should go with OPCW to visit before undermining their credibility.
So about them Russian statements, sorry lies.
The question is how was nerve gas in Syria delivered? @realDonaldTrump @AmbJohnBolton @DeptofDefense
It might as well have been Deliveroo. #fakenews
This is an issue for the whole world, not just the west, to condemn and deal with. The South Americas to beautiful cultures of Asia cannot be held hostage to threats of chemical attacks. Syria's and her supporting countries' leaders should be held accountable.  Poor people...
Shameful
Plz tell.about Bangladesh  General Students all.around. the World
The WHO Inspectors  could easily go to Douma along with the OPCW ones.
Be telling if they don't
Novichok?
It seems like may, trump and the French want a war. like previous governments who have been in power. So looking at any opportunty to make it happen and bbc is loading the gun
Wtf. Who is a WHO partner, white helmet terrorists? You’re looking for any reason to be in Syria and the real problem is that the Russians are there. Just go already.
Global community must take serious action against #Iran, #Russia, #Hezbollah and #Assad terrorists gangs as #AssadHitsDoumawithChemicals
Some men decided to wash up and cleanse the floor, and why the buzz about this
lies lies
Good ols Aunty's gone rogue warmongering at Govt's behest it seems. Where's your scepticism BBC? Wasn't Salisbury a big enough lesson for you?
When does this sarcastic film end ??
Security Council ( you just babbling ) shame on you

It wouldn't be the first time the BBC faked a "chemical weapons attack" in #Syria https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/www.globalresearch.ca/bbc-caught-staging-fake-news-chemical-attack-to-drag-britain-into-syrian-war/5560433/amp …
judging by the comments, no one believes you. And it is right!
Syrian government troops found the movie base of White Helmets.
The Oscar gold medal should be awarded to a white helmet
The rebels did it.
How much more evidence does the UN require before it comes off the fence and defends those poor defenceless women and children in Syria ?

Hilary should be tried at Hague for supplying Sarin gas to her terrorist buddies in Syria.
The big issue centres on causation or fault. How can we establish 'which' party is responsible? It could be a rogue state actor, the Syrian regime, rogue actors within the regime, the white helmets, ISIS, Russia, the rebels, the Kurds Liberation armies. Bt we always blame Assad
The thing is that we do not know who to believe any more... Whoever ordered it and whoever did it is a monster!!! Man's inhumanity to man, again... And all, in the name of God... My God... your God... any God... Guilty we all are!
Atmenyek ya BBC atmenyek 
FAKENEWS 1 Million patients / BBC=Neocon-fascism-propsaganda
Who was the attacker with the van in Germany? Why you covering up story’s with new ones?
Bollocks! Fake news
Lets agree to send all diplomats, UN leaders on the dole when they are not able to prevent an other chemical attack killing innocent children. This is NOT Some virtual war, real lives are at stake! Shame on the people who could have acted
This is the beginning of bloody mass murder and Syrians innocent families are gonna surfer then no one will care or want to know them
And the world still sits back and watches, wonder if it was London New York or any other country would they be content to sit back! Sanctions don't work we've all seen that!
So, what... we just bomb Syria on the word of a US led humanitarian group who's governemnt have tried (and failed) to displace Assad?

Let's get evidence, find the actual perpetrators and take due action.
Really!! How much more evidence is needed!? Because of people like you,  the denyers who wouldn't believe, 6 million Jew's were slaughtered! So we'll just let these innocent children die because you don't believe
Why are you bringing the holocaust into it? You idiot!

Let's solve suffering by dropping more bombs without a full investigation... Patience and a clear head is needed to make sure any action is the right action.

What evidence do you have? Pray share. 

Fucking genius.
Why the insults and bad language? Just shows your level of intelligence! How childish where's your proof to the contrary!?
I have none either way... that's why I want some, any!!!
However many have been injured or show symptoms it is truly appalling what has happened and something needs to be done!!!
fake news

That might prove an attack took place. It doesn't prove the Syrian gov ordered it. Ghouta is a (jihadist) rebel stronghold and we all know what those people are capable of.
If you English wanna fight the Russians, go ahead. But remember to put your kids to bed and tell them you love them because the next war after this one, you will be throwing rocks at each other. This will be the end..
WHO is only trying to build its credibility by posting fake news. The Syrians and other terrorist organisations exaggerate the numbers and use children to get sympathy. It’s all fake.
Now, that's a reliable source.  If we have two or three more like that then it will establish that the event happened, but sadly, not who did it.  That's the next step.  Find out reliably who did it from 3 or 4 more reliable sources.  But don't bomb them.  Talk to them.
Zero credibility BBC the nation is waking to your propaganda
Pure propaganda. The source is from unnamed 'partners'.
Caused by American funded terrorists..
Oh God; so Mr. Trump will attack 4 sure... this never ends
Where did that come from as all reports i heard say none found and thas from a syria doctor
Show some actual evidence, real evidence
Israel already occupies Golan heights Syria .. Giving the drilling rights to Murdoch's Genie Energy to pump and profit off stolen Syrian oil  
Never forget what happened in Iraq ..
Sanctions against syria, Russia and Iran are the only way forward.
As expected.
 Trump announces coming withdrawal from Syria.....panic sets in amongst the Saudis & the rebels cue = acid attack to ensure the US stays to help them get Assad out !!!
Yeah sure its possible.
We didn't forget as Saddam Hussein's wmd were that much to destroy whole world.
Point out the lie in this article.
Can't do it huh??
VN UN Y'All can wrapp it up
Scandalism this is 
Not dare to decide
All party's involved 
Read this carefully 
https://twitter.com/mdtrf  
http://www.tasjliech.nl/homepage  
http://communities.zeelandnet.nl/fohat 
is anyone left who believes this shit...... this whole thing was reported by al nusra affiliated terrorists and governments trust them??????  really???? does anyone care for evidence anymore... or some countries just need a reason to bomb assad  and his people..
You are reporting the incident but do anybody care or offer them help
How is this being verified?
ok, now find out who did it bcos Assad has been in power for years and didn't feel the need to do it before? lies everywhere.
yeah by who

I wonder what the @RussianEmbassy has to say about that?
Utter shite..stage managed by the white helmets..laughable
Really sad for the victims... :(  how can they do this for the innocent people..
You really believe this 
What a select few people in the comments look like.
Yeah it's not like there's any reason for people to be sceptical and to want all the information before destroying another country in the Middle East.
The OPCW are on there way, why would the WHO not trust them?
"its partners". Jihadists, right?
Lies lies and more lies....
So is someone actually gonna get sanctioned this time?

Impartial UN investigation is needed...Was it Syrian govt?..that's very unlikely since they've nothing 2 gain from it in a civil war they've already won..Or was it Opposition Rebels like White Helmets & other extremist groups trying 2 frame Assad 2 bring in western intervention?
And you’d trust the UN to tell you the truth? Smh
Have 2 trust some1 u know...its better if its a UN body accompanied by media personnel than a totally partial American or European investigation.
As long as they’re accompanied - alone I wouldn’t trust them to find a bull in a China shop and report any breakages whatsoever
False Flag
FAKE news
lt must be isis
Remember when we all lied about weapons of mass destruction so we could invade Iraq? We have no shame only lies and death
Not according to the Russians who said they didn't try and assassinate one of our former spies with their nerve agent
 ..!.
The world MUST act NOW to stop this slaughter.
 ;#HeilYouknowhu!
but who was the attacker Israel, US,Russia?

That would not seem to support the statements from Assad and Russia that there was no chemical attack (unless we are now going to say the W.H.O. is lying, which seems unlikely).
Actually WHO is working with white helmets aka Al Queda 
And USA
Yeah sure I should believe them 
And I shouldn't believe the doctors in the same area in my country that said nothing happened 
Sure 
Well to hell with evidence, I'll take your word for it!
Another lie, stop it
BBC ramping up the propaganda machine ..pushing us closer to Bloody War..this is a very dangerous time to be displaying such Inflammatory headlines ..when OPCW has not started it's investigation ...BBC a Shadow of it's Former Self..
Why are you trying to excuse a chemical attack?
Because It's fabricated
Prove it
Yes, prove the attack!
Wow - 'Hundreds' seeking hospital help in a tiny pocket of rebel held territory - And it's all documented so you can reliably report it too!

Why can't the NHS tackle wait times in A&E if 'moderate beheaders' in a war zone can triage (whilst recording!) so effectively!

Amazing!!
To any doubters - Please note my sheer unbelieving sarcasm for this globalist war mongering excuse for a report!

Five hundred and ALL children as seen on deliberately emotive ISIS vids.
What was allegedly hit by gas?

Syria's largest damn orphanage?

What a total crock - As per!
I’ll leave this here:
So when is the UK going to start bombing?  Hasn't America done enough yet?
who did it
Bbc is so full shit
“It didn’t happen, it didn’t happen...., oh.......there’s no proof who did it, there’s no proof who did it” yawn
Hurry up, lets start world war 3, lets attack and kill more people, we are blood thirsty demons, lets destroy another country
Whilst a military attack on Assad is going to do nothing to finishing the civil war in Syria if the West does not take action then chemical weapons are back in use as they were in WW1. Russia & her allies are using them in barrow & for assassination.
Bloody predicted text. It seems to change at the moment you send it. ‘Battle’ not barrow in my last tweet.
rubbish
Jaesh Al islam made a deal with the SAA after few hours from the alleged attack 
It's all fabricated 
They want to destroy Syria Like Libya and Iraq 
KSA is killing a lot if people in Yemen everyday 
Why the WHO didn't see that 
They only see Syria
Where exactly, are these reports coming from?
Surely validity still matters
“President Assad, the Americans are pulling out. Final victory is in reach.”

“Hmmm. Lets needlessly cause international outrage and gas a bunch of civilians””

Away... British Broadcasting Warmongers... Lower than the lowest..  You know not what you do!!
Wtf. And nothing is being done to help those poor people
false flag.Trump said he wanted to retreat from Syria and then this happens... Deep State in usa did this. Assad wouldn't be that stupid. Deep State in usa wants to perpetuate war in Syria to hurt EU with floods of refugees and Russia economically.
Israel wants to destabilize all it's neighbors because the Zionist project always intended to expand.
How long are they going to let this go it’s already been to long
How can anyone create a bom like this. Must be a monster
Where are the quotes?
For decades at least a 1000 children, women & men have died every DAY from drinking dirty water, where was the help for them. #WorldHealthOrganization
Was WHO there on the ground NO they basically adapting the AlNusra white helmets narrative
That would have required a lot of medical personnel and supplies. Who is treating them and how? Havent seen a picture of a gas victim yet except from " moderate rebel" video teams.
So conformation of what we knew all ready. We must know who did it.

Syria gas attack - US 'drawing up missile  strike plans' as world condemns 'nerve agent bomb attack' that killed 70 in Syria.
Où sont les preuves? Qui s'est déjà rendu en place pour vérifier? Arrêtez de mentir!!! À cause de ces fake news on se trouvera en troisième guerre mondiale!
And will Corbyn accept their findings doubt it.Putins Poodle.
As the @UN security council engages in meaningless discourse overrun by #Russia 
#SyriaChemicalAttack #SYRIA 
#childrenofalesergod
#HoldAssadAccountable
We have no proof he didn’t, we have no proof there was even a chemical attack. We need an investigation urgently
Exactly maybe wise not to start air strikes possible killing Russian soldiers and starting WW3 on assumption even if he did it in what way is it in Britain interest to intervene? 
Because Tony said so.
