Comie unfit to lead FBI. And Trump made that happen! Zing
And he bloody elected that President! I feel as sick today as I did that ekection night... 32 Germany all over again!
... with the backdrop of Sean Hannity, sharing strategies with Michael Cohn!  It IS a family situation now.  Any presumption of clean reporting by Hannity is now completely gone.
Ever since trump ran for president there has been partisan reporting. CNN and MSNBC attack POTUS regularly hoping something will stick.
He’s still correct though.
No he is not little snowflake
There we go again with the labels. It is okay for a self confessed pussy grabber to "lead"?
Trump was elected he is your president deal with it snowflake!
What's a snowflake but derogatory term?
Wow, BBC. I'm sure you go on more about America than you do about UK. All this crap about Trump, true or not, is getting really boring.
You could always unfollow this account and just follow BBC UK news if the international situation does not appeal.
No problem with int. News. Just way too much Trump
There's one person to blame for the fact that Trump is always in the news: And that is Trump himself.
Comey, u r a major liar, a puppet of the Dems, an ass of major proportions and a  disgrace to what used to be the most respected law enforcement force. Aside from that, weighing all the facts of the previous administration how could u ever even consider defending Hillary?
Comey keeps running his mouth about POTUS, a legally elected President that he and others did all they could to stop his election. If your listening to Comey I hope you take what he says with a grain of salt.
It is encouraging to see someone stand up against Big Bully and Comey has chosen a magnificent act of courage to do so in his book
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
#Trump morally unfit for office? #Comey, tell us something we DON’T know.
Comey is the liar. He'd sell out his  mother. He left  meeting one time supposed to of been helping replublicans , right after he was seen going into xObama's meeting with lots of people. He's the one that let Hillary off knowing she was guilty as hell . HE IS A CLINTON INFORMANT
We all think that!
Comey is a criminal. Ignore comey. @Comey
Even if someone is a criminal they can still make a true statement.
Every leader is God chosen. You may see  Triumph as bad but I tell  you you will come  to appreciate him later
U DON'T CALL A MAN THAT HAS MORE GALL TO * MEXICAN STAND OFF WITH RUSSKIES  UNFIT * BUT A MAN YHAT CARRIES A BIGGER STICK THAN MOST PRESIDENTS SERVED BY FAR
big deal, we've all said/thought that, he IS morally unfit ! he is also incompetent, a liar, and someone who changes his mind every 5 minutes making him highly unreliable and someone world & business leaders can't trust... he's unhinged & unfit !
Oh my word have you only just found that out!!
Why did you elect him to be your president?
Why can't people see the truth. Comey was a law enforcement officer that didn't enforce the law. He embroiled himself in politics and failed at his job. Now he is talking crap. Drain the swamp.
That Comey was, or did what you said about him while in office, doesn't stop him from feeling or saying what most people are shouting about Trump. 
My worry is this - "why the cry?"; because Trump didn't hide what he is, & how his government will be like when he was campaigning
Comey told the truth Trump is morally unfit for the office if it was somebody else I don't think Comey wouldn't said it
Comey shows true values - no
President Trump is not morally unfit to lead.  FBI Chief Comey is the one morally unfit to lead.  Time and the facts will prove me right.  God proved Comey and the Clintons wrong about who would lead this country. Now they think they can spit in God’s face and criticize POTUS.
As a more recent major & graduate in psychology, I believe your degree should be revoked considering many of your psychologically unaware tweets. You're a fool & that degree of yours is clearly only useful as toilet paper as you go against the teachings of the discipline itself.
Trump won’t be the first or no doubt the last morally unfit leader
That’s just more lies and Trump is the most sain one of the bunch.  Plus We the PEOPLE had Trumps back!!
Hey it’s not me it’s the iPhone!! Lol
Morally?????? Is this a joke?
This great country build by the great generation now underattack. Our adversaries turn our technology and our egnorrant citizens against 
Our intrest. The congress and the administration is doing nothing 
to prevent the next attack on our democracy. God help us.
Well, Comey is morally unfit to tweet, so...
Classic case of the pot calling the kettle black. I just want fairness.
Trump leading Britain & France to callously bomb a sovereign nation too Bad. Is it not the U.S and his allies that are CHIEF TERRORIST? Russia, China and North Korea better wake up now to assist Syria. Just like Fela Anikulapo Kuti said 'nothing is United in United Nation'.
I used to have such great respect for,  and trust in, the FBI.
What’s extraordinary, is the toddler tantrums we’ve witnessed by the liar in chief.
Couldn't have put it better myself. You can judge a persons character by how he treats others. Comeys comment that Trump leaves a "stain" on those he deals with is apt
Comey is not exactly someone who can stand on a soapbox and pass judgement on morality
He his right bec everybody knows how 45 was disgrace and lies 99% of his life every day can never happen here he was a shameless humanbeen shameful to humanity to American and  the whole world.But R/GOP will all pay with their seat for not speaking out the truth support evil deal
He's telling the truth though
#taxcuts
IS THERE ANY DOUPT ABOUT WAR AND COUNTER-HUMANITY CRIMES BY BLAIR-BUSH IN IRAK?WHY SUPER-JUSTICE-HERO "MAY" DOESN'T ARREST THEM?=COMPLICITY
dump proves his lack of morals every time he opens his mouth...
Reading all your comments in support of that news makes me wonder which rocks all of his Republican supporters are hiding under. There still seems to be an awful lot of humans* (*hyperbole?) supporting him.
the bbc s  obsession  with  smearing trump  can i get on the bbc somebody down the shop  told me the are the long lost transgender  brother of trump
Tell us something we didn't know!
#usa_uk_and_franse_agreesion_against_syria is unlawful and threats international peace and security
President's penchant to lie hate berate is making America unsafe unhealthy and exposed to ridicule not to mention lowering of its status on global map. Disgraceful for a sitting president to attack FBI and denigrate his own country
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
#Hypocrites Comey! U worked 4 FBI Dont U have any ethical Standard? U R desperate and it shows.
World top leader ?
Next he will be telling us that Trump is not very bright.
If he is morally unfit means how did people of America have chosen Him as a president of the nation?
They to are morally unfit

Роджер Уотерс из Pink Floyd осудил бомбардировки Сирии во время концерта в Испании 
World top leader ???
Well duh 
#Trump “morally unfit” to lead? That sounds about right, Mr. #Comey. One might also add “intellectually, emotionally, temperamentally” , etc. and let’s not forget integrity, although that may be implicit within all of the above.
Who disagrees with that? Duh....

Thank you mr comey! Finally !!!
Why did he work for him then...could have simply resigned after he won the election
He was not working for orange julius he was working FOR the USA.
The pot calling the kettle black!!

Only morally??
And he’s absolutely right.
It’s called freedom of speech or opinion not “extraordinary attack”.
Says a lawyer? @lyinComey ? We don't have to go very far to assess how lawyers and judges have made of America a shithole thanks to their immorality for decades @realDonaldTrump
Yep
TRUE So Damn True
Comey should look in the mirror and face reality. What a disgrace to the FBI.
We didn’t need Comey to tell us that but it’s still good to hear!
Hold on. So now people are believing him. He's a self proven liar people.
I bet what he is doing is positioning himself to run for either Congress or the Senate. This is another example of disgusting politics.
A President should also be not just barely articulate and coherant but highly educated, very articulate and coherent.
How about you tell us something we didn’t already know?
@realDonaldTrump is just immoral. He’s not fit to lead anything let alone a country. #ImpeachTrumpNow
everybody seemed to like JFK, was he morally any different?
2/2 it would be considered extraordinary under any other presidency, but under this uncouth ill-mannered individual.... there is nothing extraordinary about it.
Comey is a disgrace. He showed his bias in Clinton case. Trump was right to fire him.
1/2 Extraordinary “attack”?!  Really?!  I guess you haven’t noted the attacks that Trump foist on almost everyone and everything on a daily basis. By that he makes this “attack” inconsequential and certainly not extraordinary.
We all already knew this.
“Extraordinaril
According to Liz Crokin, there is a video of Hillary Clinton engaging in a sexual act with her aide Huma Abedin and an underage girl. The video, code named Frazzledrip, is content “worse than any nightmare.” Read MORE HERE: http://themetalden.com/?p=66814 
Bot
Mentally as well. #Impeach45
We already knew that
Is, or was, this Comey's job?  He's acting like a narcissistic 16-yr-old, opining about things he has no competency or relevancy to opine on.  He did a lousy job as an FBI agent and as the FBI director, and now the MSM is putting him out as a prophet?
This is something most Americans have known since the beginning. It’s why this whole thing feels like a bad nightmare. How did this man get elected?? I’ll tell you how. We let our guard down and the nuts in the country jumped at the opportunity. Never. Again.
60% of Americans agree. #altgov #theresistance #resist
Morally unfit yes!! What do you think Melania has to say about this. Would she say he is morally fit??
You do not have to be Sherlock Holmes to fiqure that out!
So Comey should run for President then.
The Democrats have more fossils lined up for the next election, so he may have a chance.
MR. COMEY YOU, AS WELL AS, MANY OTHER GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES; WERE AND ARE UNFIT TO CONTINUE IN ANY GOVERNMENT POSITION/S. OUR GOVERNMENT IS A CORRUPTED ONE, IF ANYTHING. WE AMERICANS KNOW IT, BUT PUT UP WITH IT, BECAUSE WE ARE COWARDS AND LAZY TO GET YOU OUT.
2nd that
How many more times are we expected to be 'surprised' by these 'revelations'?  We all know it.  When is he going is what I really want to know.
Just watched the interview Never saw a more wishy washy conflicted man in all my life. Can't imagine how he got to be director of FBI.  Convinced more than ever there's a real bias against the president.
Like most Politicians
Comey is selling a book people.
The person delivering that message is a self-absorbed, arrogant bureaucrat who has problems w/the truth. He leaked government documents for his own political agenda and conducted a flawed investigation of Hillary bc he thought she was going to win. #InvestigateComey.
I'd add: 'intellectually unfit' plus 'extremely poor roll model in a decent society'
Correction: 'role model' - flippin' predictive typing!
Is this about who's got the biggest tweet. Waiting to hear from special council Muller, will trump lose it and sack him, before he's impeached for Russian collusion in U.S. elections.
Comey is right about the Imposter in the White House..
he looks as if he was enjoying what he's doing.
My boy Big Don doing nothing wrong, gtfo
Lord only knows what he thinks of the morals of the 2016 candidate whose criminal conduct he had to repeatedly break the law to cover up.
PEACE
This creep comedy is actually struggling to be the centre of attention. Thanks to the western media he is achieving that. Won't be surprise if he runs in 2020
No shit Sherlock!
Tell us something we don’t know
Wow
Yes, and unfortunately the other choice was even more morally unfit.
From the man that protected Clinton and white wash her criminal acts so she would not be charged with federal crimes.

Way to go Jim.
As I recall Comey managed to anger both candidates and their more blinkered supporters, which suggests to me that he was being even handed.
We need to THINK about  #Character before we vote.  Its going to take a while to digest this mess.
It’s @JamesComeyFBI who is morally inept. He is a phony.
Comey is wrong... Trump Should be impeach...
Everything Comey has said so far is true, O.K. most, well, some, alright, about 5%, maybe less.
Comey who? Comey fired, lol. Comey not fit for real TV.  Hillary lost. Sour grapes.
Life for the working class of the USA has improved dramatically since Trump took over, but the lefties in the establishment and media still trying to dig up some dirt ever since he took over even though there is non.
You're only just realising this?
The illuminati trying to take over our world. Dun dun dun...
Trump is a builder,developer he became president to make sure housing prices will double in order to double his own wealth, he does not know nor give dam to what’s going on in US or around the world since ha does not better
We've all known that from the start, and @Comey is right. #ComeyInterview
Coney is a liar who belongs in prison.

But we all know that...
Same for V. V. Putin.
The one thing that is clear after watching the interview is Comey was unfit for the position of FBI Director.
Someone at last speaks out the truth
It can be true for you too and that’s why he fired you.
Nothing we didn’t already know!?
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_nOO2wBwOj5RifraI89iwg …
Please subscribe to my YouTube channel with the above link thanks.
I concur
And we also know the toilet habits of bears
He is absolutely right!  He is saying what a lot of people are thinking!
Comey forgot to say "mentally unfit" as well as morally unfit.
Totally agree.
Trump is crszy.... I agree with ex fbi chief...
I really thought Comey would have something to relate to us owing to his position in WH, but its more of an opinion piece... disappointing
Well...who would've thought! Taken a long time for one of them to say what was obvious from first clapping eyes on this excuse of a president.
I guess Comey never heard of Bill Clinton or John Kennedy.
Comey is a snake 
Useful headline for the 'hate trump' media
That's a fat lie.Fake speculation.
A proven liar and crook being interviewed by a communist.  Who cares?
People are just realising this now? Lol 
So true
usa is freedom
No shit Sherlock! Descent people knew that already, before he even went after the job.
100% true. By association, what does that make our Prime Minister?
So what is new, the whole effin’ world has come to that conclusion a year ago
@Comey @morallyfit A question begs to be asked.  Is he morally fit to judge anyone morally unfit?  I think not.
Not extraordinary as Comey will be in jail soon for breaking numerous laws as FBI chief. More one sided reporting from the BBC. The morally unfit one is Comey.
AND...Still way better than Hillary Clinton!!
If this is true what happens.
the problem lies in the election process. Trump should never have made it through the primaries.
he shouldn't have made it past the Electoral College who put him in office. Guess Money does talk loudest in the States..
the dirtier the better. SMH
and to think this trigger happy arse hole is going to end the world
I think Comey is just being polite. The chump is a ragged individual with no moral scruples.
tell us something we don't know 
It is not an extraordinary attack to state what all have observed
Lying Donald is a liar
Comey wanted a Republican president Trump until he met lying Donald
#TheResistance
He has always been unfit to serve as President.  I do not understand why those who voted him in could not see the blinding fact Trump is unfit .
Clinton Government export US supercomputer to People Republic China,Clinton is not Defences US Native Benefit,Trump is Defences US Native Benefits
This is not news. It was known long ago.
Is anyone surprised ?
the way he did under oath??
Duh!
I wonder what he thinks of Clinton then if Trump has no morales?
Why? She isn’t President.
The husband dickhead. Don't you know your presidents?
Also not currently the president.

Do keep up.
Once again Americans showing their intellect. Great work America keep up the high standard's.
I'm not an American.

You really aren't very good at this Twitter thing, are you? Maybe put your phone down, have a little rest?
LOL funny guy.

Notice how the BBC JUMPS at the chance to slag off @realDonaldTrump without referring the the fact that Comey is the most immature, untrustworthy, vengeful, narcissistic tell-tale the FBI has ever had to suffer as Director.
You know that how? Did you work with him?
No. I did some research. Try it. It's enlightening.
Sure you did. The FBI have very accessible employee records.
No shit ?
Oh to be a fly on the wall of the DAs office after raiding Trump’s lawyer
