This a pretzel of ironies. The blue passport that was lionized as a symbol of UK independence from the EU by Brexiteers will be produced by foreigners from the EU.
De la rue is currently a European company.
Not point appealing as the tendering rules weren't broken.
The government shouldn’t have given it to the European company in the first place. Security, fraud jobs for Britain all sold out for the dollar. How many civil servants/ MPs/ officials looking after themselves via investments. Shame on them
I wondered what had happened to Danny.
Seems ironic that Britain is quitting the EC and a European company is given the printing job. Britain has, in my opinion, lost its way and is going down the road to obscurity into the backwaters of history. Sad.
Don't care who makes them, and what colour they are. Still have to pay for them.
NB De La Rue is a European Company.
Psst BBC the UK’s a European country

Have I missed something and you’ve always been so utterly dreadful?
Wow what vitreole - I’m staying out !
Well they bloody well should....A UK passport should be printed in the UK
Embarrassed yet?
Are De La Rue not European? We should have been told...
BREAKING: Company with French name will not appeal passports being made in France
I think it's disgusting that a foreign company won the bid for our blue passports. We are leaving this club yet we are the only ones obeying the rules. Amber Rudd you should be ashamed of yourself. Well cost us more, wait and see.
#Former #Parliament #Speaker Forcadell claims in #Spanish court to be "wrongly" imprisoned and defends that she respected regulations "at all times" The best solution to #BritainsGotTalent is to secede from a crazy #Spain debilitated #Europe #Brexiteers forever God save #Queen
Oh how delicious! Ironically, this will only upset the old, dribbling, Mail reading fuck-wits that desprately wanted their blue passports back.

That Reminds me, I REALLY must hurry and get my new passport before they change it to "Brexit bell-end blue."
Deposed #catalanrepublic minister Bassa tells judge that her prosecution is "unfair" and stresses that she has already given up her position as MP
#BREAKING "I have no doubts that I am a political prisoner," says jailed minister Turull before court. He tells judge to do "justice and not politics" #Catalonia
Irony...
Surely this means we can still deal with Europe. If the UK company wanted it so bad they should have put in a better offer.
Perhaps the tweets from phones not manufactured in the UK should be deleted , can’t really believe in your patriotism when you are using a foreign made product to support UK industry.
We can't even print a passport 
On the road to nowhere.  
Good they access European and world wide contracts..it works both ways it’s called free trade agreements
#Spain's Supreme #Court criticizes #German court and makes move to facilitate extradition of #Puigdemont #Brexit forever #BrexitBritain
There's no way DLR would have won this unless they could prove that the tendering process was flawed. They lost the tender, get over it and move on to the next.
Disgusting decision!!!
Hahahaahahaha
Have we taken back control of our country yet?
ท่เดอแแก
BUT DAVE, 62 FROM LANDAN WANTS HIS COUNTRY BACK BRUV. BREXIT MEANS PASSPORTS. WHERES FARAGE TO PROTECT US?
You couldn't make this MESS up! It's time Adolf Farage was Sectioned!
Please note that UK companies are also European companies. #BBCbias
Should more police officers have been deployed in #Catalonia on Oct 1, it could well have led to a massacre, says Supreme Court #Brexit forever God save the #QueenSugar
To
a firm doing the passports is going to take a loss leader on the contract is that allowed ? How much in tax on jobs and firm De La Rue lost.
And how do you know that?
Look at the figures you might shave thousands,   hundreds of thousands but millions ?
#BREXIT #irony #Foreigners 
European countrys do not allow there passports to be done by anyone else it's all done in house ,keeping us in Europe when second ref comes?
Brexit a bitch isn’t it ,,

Did you get lost looking for the Syria hashtag?

What wimps, no doubt a threat has come from 'somewhere'.
 It seems we no longer want to fight for what is right anymore.....
Look at the name should tell us something maybe they have shares in other company and government should grow a set passports should only be produced in UK
It’s quite disgusting that this countries Gov would let a foreign company print this countries passports. That shows a lack of respect for your very own country and it’s industry.  @theresa_may @CCHQPress
It's called a competitive tender that saved the taxpayer millions. Now get back to your gammon, impotent rage and Daily Mail and leave the adults in peace for a while.
I prefer my red one cheers.  My kids just looked bewildered when they heard the colour was important to some people... weird & sad
Did I mention the colour ? You need to get over the fact we are leaving
As for getting over stuff, no we are not. Democracy didn't end 2 years ago.
At no point did I say it did
Get over it implies we should just shut up and let things happen. We won't.
We you should be getting behind the country now you have lost
Dreadful shame but such an appeal would be costly. Should never have been an option.... Printing overseas. British firms first!
You don’t know a lot about trade them do you or the rules@of the WTO and the rendering system. Am option could of course be that DLR get the GB contract and give the 40 contracts with other countries’s passports to G.
Correct - I don't - but I would like my passport printed in the UK - Not trying to start a war!!!
By the Way, Dear La Rue make passports for dozens of other countries, if everyone made theirs "at home" they wouldn't exist as a business.
If they make them for others they should be commissioned to make our own
Why?
Isn't that a bit too much like wrapping our businesses in cotton wool & demanding they are protected.

We have great businesses & skills. I'm proud enough of UK to be ok with our businesses sometimes not winning rather than winning everything on an easy ticket.
Simply stating a preference. Doesnt really matter. Idiocy of tender processes, with which I am all too familiar.
Daily Mail and Brexit voters be like
I don’t really care to be honest, so no I’m not like that
That’s good because with Windrush this global Britain thing is starting to look like a sham
British firm, “De La Rue”. Not even Python could come up with farce on the level of Brexit. The UK is a global joke.
De La Rue is a UK firm, founded by Thomas De La rue, a Guernsey man. Your lack of comprehension is a bigger joke.
I was being Ironic.
Irony is he expression of one's meaning by using language that normally signifies the opposite; 'Tories, the people's friend', or similar. British firm, De La Rue is a fact, not an ironic statement.
English Company with French name gazumped by European company for printing services on nationalist blue pacifying device, was more where my Irony was rooting from. But I guess, as you say that’s a statement of fact?
Tell them to match the price of the Dutch company,I work to hard and pay a lot of tax just to pay extra money to a British company,if you are all worried about this then buy everything in your house British lol,don’t think  so lol
I do try, but finding British goods is not always easy. Companies are no longer content with a smaller profit to pay British workers when they can pay foreigners on the cheap.
What companies pay foreigners on the cheap?
Havent used my passport in years, so wont affect me.
How's Skegness?
Dunno. Last i heard good.
Ha ha Blue passports a la France. Welcome to the farce of Brexit. The Daily Hate Mail and its readers will be fuming. Least we will keep something European. 
Oh give over. This rhetoric is getting so dull now
No duller than ‘we won’ and screwed the country. Off you go back to little Britain
Fantastic sweeping generalisation there. Just by one tweet, you've figured me out... tell me how you hold the moral high ground here.
Easy, I know how wrong Brexit is and find brexiteers misguided , easy to bait, and thoroughly touchy if any calls them out. How anyone can hold the belief that Brexit is a good thing against the overwhelming evidence to the contrary is beyond me.
I believe you threw the name calling first.  It seems the touchiness in this case is on the remain side. 

So by your logic... you're allowed to tweet your views, give your response but anyone who says anything in support of Brexit is touchy and misguided. Got it, elitist old man
Anyway, just for you, the BBC is reporting that the HOL has voted to remain in the customs union in some form. Thin end of the wedge for brexiteers no doubt. Oh by the way, I’m not elitist, just a realist.
As if that is shock news to anybody.  We knew democracy would die with the referendum.  There's no way those corrupt fools of all political parties would give up their seat on the EU gravy train.
#freeassange
Let’s hope we don’t have to pay for the replacements especially when I still have 7 years left before mine runs out! Otherwise it’s another rip off!
@BBCBreaking such a biased tweet! Gemalto won the contract, it wasn't just handed to them. Shame on you @BBCBreaking you are supposed to be neutral not taking sides with your Tory masters at every opportunity.
It is not biased, simply badly worded.
Why?
With all the Brexit hype, it would have been a good gesture from the government to shop 'at home'.
Agree, the national interest must surely be a factor. France would never have allowed this contract to be tendered in OJUE, citing national interest.
Price, speed, quality. You can only have two, and the government has already chosen one of them. Time will tell what the other one will be.
Now I'm all for brexit believe me!! But that doesn't mean we stop trading with Europe and more importantly get good deals on contracts. The deal was c150 million I hear less. That's just good business sense!! Oh and we are leaving the EU not Europe
All the angry gammon need to realise that this is what walking away from the EU would mean. This was a public service contract that was tendered for under WTO rules!! Better get used to it
De La Rue is also a European company. We're still in Europe.
'a European company' ?
Britain is in Europe.
Britain will remain European, Brexit or no Brexit.
There is no excuse for getting this wrong.
Terrible
European Procurement Rules - if the government wants to put a contract out to tender, it has to consider bids from EU companies. UK is a full member of the EU.
Brexiters thought that UK wasn’t going to have international trade, everything produce here and no one coming to live here!! That shows how deluded were!!

As in British ain't 'European'? 
oooh back hander there
Has anyone in our government got a vested interest in the company destined to produce the new passport ???.....just saying !!!
Do they need to have one, other than their bid for the contract was significantly cheaper?
View the absolute ' Fury' of the Daily Mail  readership.
Yet another kick in the balls. Disgraceful.
Which continent do you think Britain is in?
Atlantis maybe
I’m disgusted that British passports will be made overseas! Jeez! They should be made here! Madness

Why did I read this as 'Danny La Rue'?
I do the same- every time 
@BBCNews please stop using inflammatory terms like British versus European. We are all still European. British v French if you must in this case but please do try to be the balanced, unbiased, unpartisan, even handed broadcaster we used to respect.
Why are they to be blue? The old ones were black. This has just slipped in to the news without question. Do we need to look like we are the 51st US State? @AmberRuddHR @theresa_may @Conservatives
Ha!
De la rue is also a European business.
Dear BBC. De La Rue is also a European company. Have the gammons got complete control there or what?
Looks like Danny will have to pick up the wig again to bring home the bacon!
Taking back control? Sovereignty? Somehow we manage to get an EU company to produce our post #Brexit blue passports rather than a UK one......... #YouveBeenHad
They're not bloody blue anyway
Couldn't give a flying one!!
I doubt the average Brexit voter can afford a passport let alone a holiday abroad and many can not even afford  a holiday at home. 
Which probably takes us to why the vote went the way it did.
Any chance for change was worth taking.
So in your eyes poor people voted to leave the EU and rich people voted to stay?
No next question.
I guess they realised if they got the British passport contract then the remaining euro companies might take their business elsewhere.
So UK  isn't in Europe 
@piersmorgan will be upset 
It's a shame a British company couldn't get this. But there bid was clearly uncompeitive. This is the right result for British taxpayers.
Ken Clarke dismissed UK Passport row as 'nationalist nonsense'.
New blue passports will be  £120 cheaper if made in Europe.
With such a British name, you've got to wonder how anyone could look to Europe.
The channel isles are part of GB - please educate yourself to avoid looking stupid and an everyday racist.
The irony
Disgusting
De La Rue Chief last month questioned the viability of Gemalto pricing.
De La Rue is a European company. The uk is a European country.
Poor gammons!

I forgot to wear my glasses - thought the breaking news was about Danny La Rue 
I have your BBC app on my phone and it says error occurred my BBC app on my phone has been off for about 5-6 days and im.not getting any news at all when your not busy please send me a message to.let me know about your app and http://thank.you  have a great day my friends
Didn’t have to wait long, as usual.
Are the new passport makers British? Aren't Gemalto Dutch?
#brexitshambles
Anorher successful campaign by @LizTwistMP with hundreds of jobs likely to be lost in the constituency as a result.? Stick to the poo patrol Liz. 
#gammonoutrage
https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B079N1WZ4F?m=A4OB7L2Y9CQBC&ref_=v_sp_widget_detail_page …
Appeal about what.... they lost the bid end of. I wonder however if the rest of the EU put theirs out for tender next time around.... most are produced in house by state sponsored printers... strange times!
Shame & a disgrace ..... British Passport/British Product
This is what happens when you're the only company in UK who does passports and you get greedy and think you can overcharge. Top brass need to take a look at themselves for this one. #greed #nooneelsetoblame #passport
I’m delighted to learn that after losing, they’ve managed to get over it
Like those that lost the brexit vote!  

Lol
New EU passports also to be blue
BREAKING: All EU passports to become dark blue 
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CELEX:41981X0919:EN:HTML … 
What about the black passports?
Brexit and daily mail man say yes!

Pointless. It’s s done deal. Post-Brexit jobs for eh? Europeans

Gemalto won the passport contract; they weren't "handed" anything. Such biassed reporting does the BBC no favours.
Mine's up for renewal in '20. Can't wait to get my hands on that shiny blue Brexit-friendly French passport, lawwwl
They won’t be appealing because Harry Kane will
Can we start a campaign to rebrand De La Rue to "From The Street".  A good British name for a good British company.  None of this foreign name #Brexit 
good company ??????

Excellent! I wonder if they would take requests like “can you keep mine red and it still be European” - it’ll save me having to move to Europe - thanks in advance 

That's a good British name they have hey?
Thomas De La Rue was from the channel isles. DLR has been employing British people for over 200 years, so yeah, funny foreign name but still British (maybe someone should ask to see Matt le Tissier’s passport too?).
I should have perhaps included a tongue in cheek emoji, whichever one that is.  But thank you for the history lesson.
What a lot of bull I smell government interference or Eu backstabbing
that's why it's called a contract!!
Difference between Ordinary Thief & Political Thief 
Brexit in a nutshell there
Disgraceful
Isn't De LA Rue also a European company? Or are we rewriting geographical maps too?
'Heavy fog in the channel - continent cut off'...
Because it put an overpriced bid in to fleece the taxpayer and isnt any better than the French/Dutch company that won
Also because its a really dodgy company
Oh No!
BREAKING: despite denials, it seems that SCL/ #CambridgeAnalytica were involved in 3 UK elections (HT @SbyBT and @steveparks) https://web.archive.org/web/20170228043708/https://sclgroup.cc/elections/projects/uk/ …
…
Awfully decent and European of them, what....
That genuinely made me laugh, good show!
Good news travels fast
