Bank account says: no...
Fake news for most people.
How skewed is this by the wages of already high earners?
It's from the BBC so I will go check this on a legitimate site not May's propaganda tool
No its from the ONS. Did you even read the article?
Unless I see real data of wage increases broken down into respective bands I call bullshit. Mainly because I bet the high earners got above average inflation whilst us peasants didn't. More so when you include below inflation pay increases for years.

Obviously does not include public sector wages
I presume you are referring to the pay cap? Actually average wage rises in the public sector are higher than that because of the grading system.
In the NHS its agreed that the real rate of pay for the job is at the top of the band that takes 5 years to achieve. That rate has not improved with inflation.
You said public sector. That is applicable to NHS but not the rule generally. 

NHS rises have always been behind other professions. Not a new problem. Doctors and surgeons though can keep in line or earn above inflation through private work.
There is not much outside work for the vast majority of public sector staff on the lowest grades and it is unacceptable to be coerced into doing 2 jobs merely to provide a reasonable standard of living
What wage rise? Not seen a rise in years!
Really !!?
That average increase of 2.8% doesn’t mean that much to low earners, frankly 2.8% of very little is still very little and that 2.8% increase may cause workers on tax credits to loose those credits which would make families worse off regardless or the price index
Great
And the majority of us are still struggling due to higher bills
fat cats get ridiculous wages , while us minions struggle 
BREXIT working for ordinary people 
Juggled numbers again to look good
Gotta get dem votes in before elections time!!! Smart move  you’d be a fool to fall for it!
Fake news.
Utter nonsense, Tory propaganda!
Wow inflation must have not moved this year.
What pay rise 
Not for Gov employees it hasn't.
What fantasy world is this happening on then because the real one it ain't happening on
No doubt fuelled by directors and top management's rises + zero rise for two years running to ordinary working staff assisting that greatly!
Not for NHS Nurses 
??? Different headline ???
Is it fuuuuccccckkkkk
Lol right. All the economic figures are manipulated, rigged. Perhaps this data only measures wages and bonuses at Goldman Sachs?!
Look a squirrel let’s deflect the real news ,!
Whats inflation measured against this time?

better late than never but still not for the majority i'd wager
When is this!? My pay still isn't increasing.
I think they were just measuring politicians wages mate.
Yea what was it this year an 8% pay increase or something? I can never remember...
I think their salary should be incentive based. Oops. GDP is down, well we are going to track you wages to it. See how quick shit would get fixed!
But you know they don't get to decide their own pay increase though, it's recommended by an indipendant advisory body IPSA... which is full of MPs mates.
8 years and still not a single penny. Utter tosh.
All this chit chat and we all know it's total bollocks!
what about the self indulgent MPs raping this country/
Whose, the feckin MPs ?
@BBCBreaking @BBCNews
Let the BBC news propaganda machine commence!
Not for teachers!
Misleading averages. 
Pay not expected to return to pre-crisis level until 2025.
Does it. How do we know that is True, because it's from Gov, kid me not. When high street prices go up by X so should our wages & that isn't happening.
Not according to my employer.......
Barely, and that'll be offset anyway?
But not public sector.....
Rubbish. I just got a 2% increase when inflation is 3% after a 25% pay cut since 2008.     Beyond a joke.
Ummmmmm.......
Not here they haven't
What the BBC means, wages have grown faster thatln inflation for the second time in just a year and for two years running. It's a triumph, yet somehow there's a negative vibe from the way the BBC has reported it.
0.1% higher than prices.  Equating to £20 extra on a £20k salary.  I suspect that statistically that is not significant.
Fake news.   3 years no rise.   Everything’s gone up 3 to 5% a year
How many years of inflation are they catching up with?

Clearly doesn’t take into account public sector workers, civil servants, NHS etc..........
I got a 1% pay rise last year and will again this year so how is that right or fair!!!
Absolute bollocks!
Wage rises move above rate of inflation? Who for? Because it’s not happening in the public sector unless of course you are high up in the feeding chain!
What tosh.  Government 'suggest' you print that did they?
Still skint
Not in my pay packet
Where do they get this data from. We haven’t seen wage rise for over 10 years!
This won't last. Someone got to pay for missiles thrown at Syria. Taxpayer has to pay money back into defence budget. Tories keep finding things to spend our money on abroad, we are still in austerity, due to Tory cuts. Any pay rise gets wiped out, with increased energy costs.
That is the way capitalism works.
Who's wages?
Good old BBC an election is coming up so let’s spew some Tory propaganda 
Def not mine!
Based on a very limited number of employers used to derive the data perhaps? For the majority of employees doing ordinary jobs across the UK this is nothing short of FAKE NEWS. Lets see the base data HM Government.
For 90% plus of the population, they haven't had a pay rise of more than inflation since the last time the Tories were in and destroyed us.
Not if you’re a nurse!!!
About time
#DespiteBrexit
No it’s not
Urban begger.... Salary below gdp...

Mine hasn't in 10 years
What a load of rubbish...
Where? Not seeing much of that in the north!
Err.... Horse shit
err... Appears to me the rich get big wage increases & the poor get none which underlines an 'average' figure never tells the reality
Government figures and we can trust the Government right
Really after 10 yrs of cuts and austerity measures something to be happy about right funny thing is no body is
Who's?
wages may rise but so is the cost of living.people are not seeing any benefits of so called wage rise what so ever
3% this year and 2.5% last!

So yes I am seeing the wages go up. Still one of the lower paid in my industry but the company is getting there.
Indeed, and will they suddenly drop a minute after the Local Elections.....all the dirt bags are on board the 'Fake Economics' merry go round. what a laugh as the ridiculous Office of Numerical statistical twisters declare that real wages are matching inflation.
No pay rises for Doctors in 6 years
Been down so long looks like up to me

Really? Mine bloody hasn't
Today's BBC comedy classic.
Thank you very helpful to know
Bullshit
Bank of England survey shows  pay growth increasing in 2018.
Whose?
That's the funniest thing I've read in a long time. My pay is still bollocks!
Not where I work !!!
Maybe in the world of fatcats
 and now some news from the real world

Could have fooled me 
What pay rise ?
Is this data from the rise of women’s wage due to inequal pay?
.2%?, get in the sea
Only for MPs!!
Tired of @BritishGas @eonenergyuk @edfenergy or @npowerhq? It takes just 2 minutes to switch online to the #1 rated energy supplier - @bulbenergy . Use this link:  https://join.bulb.co.uk/refer/michal6442 … save £200+ per year & get £50 FREE CREDIT.  Bulb will also pay any exit fees! #savemoney
My wages are being cut by 2k a year due to poor funding in schools so unless inflation is in the negative then this is bullshit for some of us. Pretty soon I'd be better off in ASDA than education! x
Mmm I don’t think so! No doubt the high earners are doing ok, but as for the rest of us...
Oh dear. Awkward

Really?
Bullshit
The link says pay squeeze comes to an end , and then the headline says “Wage growth fails to overtake inflation again” ??? Seriously confusing.
Suuuuuuure it has, my bank account disagrees with you BBC :/
When are pensioners going to get a well earned big pension rise, Mrs May ? Instead of spending millions on missiles for Syria.
Clicks link, article says the opposite: Wage Increase by 2.8% over last 3 months compared to 2.9% inflation!
Actual title of article is "Wage growth fails to overtake inflation again"
I've been getting noteably poorer and poorer over the last 5 years.  Pension scheme used as an excuse for lack of wage rises by employers and I suspect will also be used as an excuse for the lack of state pension by government when I'm at an age to claim it.  #GenerationWinning
Cue "but its the *wrong type* of wage rises!" and "Yeah but how many of these are zero hour contracts anyway?" in 3 - 2 - 1....
I’d love to see mine and my colleagues go up then!
I got a massive pay rise this year and an 8% bonus. About time though.
The UK has the WORST wage growth in ALL of the OECD countries except for Greece and 60% of people in poverty are in working families.
I wish my pension would go up more than inflation I am still in the red!
Presumably this will be deleted and reposted now that the entire story has been reversed, monumental cock up there
For who.... I ant had a pay rise for years
Interest rates rise next month- oh happy day!
Better stil the BBC all take a pay cut and earn £27.000 ave pay it may be a little more now .
Lets vote on a pay cut for the top earners
The living wage went up this month still not going to get the £9 promised by 2020
judging by the comments this seems untrue.
lets have one like a banker , plus Bonus ??  
0.2 % above what 2.%  so 2.2% and thats good is it .
You try living off it .
sure
My boll*cks they have.
O yeah we're London
Still a pay squeeze, just a slightly looser grip!
