
I think there's nothing to prove Assad and Puttin are culprits just UN should take action against them.
SAS Chief: Nobody in the Military Believes Assad Used Chemical Weapons https://step-back.org/sas-chief-nobody-in-the-military-believes-assad-used-chemical-weapons/ … …
existance of nerve agents in india
All we're saying let there be PEACE in Syria
'Oxygen starvation, not gas’: Veteran UK reporter Fisk doubts MSM narrative on Douma ‘chem attack’

The BBC must have missed this story, funny that isn't it, with all those honest investigative journalists they have.
Russia & assad would have already removed evidence of chemical strike. Is this an exercise in futility ?
 what did they do , Hoover it up and spray air freshener 
FYI you can't get the residue out the soil for years .
That is by far one of the funniest responses I ever seen, thanks for the comic relief moment. 
Well said!
When this team visited american n other European states which are the producers of that kind of weapons
They're only allowed in a week later, so that Syria and Russia can cover up the evidence. Sickening.
Israel's MOSSAD is behind chemical attacks to induce Civil War...
All for YINON PLAN...
Jesus Christ warned beware 
#SynagogueOfSatan
Chemicals in air, water, food and environment are killing people every day. #Chemicalweapons are created to do international trade in weapons.
Too late

It seems they went there by foot, in order to say that Russians have already cleaned  everything there
What's the betting that it is clean as a whistle?
So helpful, BBC--ALONG W/ ALL OTHER WESTERN MSM--to call it a 'suspected attack,' so the public can trust real scrutiny's been applied, as opposed to an 'alleged attack' accused on social media posts.  Otherwise, wouldn't know what to think.

In other words, Bollocks on you, sir!
I hope the OPCW talks to Hassan Diab, he's the little boy from the White Helmets video in Douma who says no chemical attack happened.
 yeah because he couldn’t have been intimidated
He was, by the White Helmets.
More like the Assadists
FCO is funding the White Helmets (an Al Qaeda affiliate) who are organising these CW fabrications in Syria.
Gush!This reminds me of another theatrical script written to destroy Irak...I guess it is now Syria's turn!!!
why ,  to find what  everyones  knows, it was staged by the white helmets  and the bbc using the same old photdo
Doctored by the Ruskies
Thanks 4 trying 2 obliterate any evidence of CW of West funded/armed/trained #Jaish_al_islam aka #WhiteHelmets aka #ISIS aka #ModerateRebels #FalseFlag in #Douma @theresa_may @realDonaldTrump @EmmanuelMacron

@BorisJohnson gave #Terrorist #WhiteHelmets £65M Brit Taxes 4 #movies
They came late. Everything’s been hidden
This is basically bomb first and ask questions later.
Destroy any evidence; as there was no Chem attack
Just when we thought MSM had reached their rock bottom low with Aleppo boy Omran! We were wrong..! #Douma kid Hasan showed us another deeper fall..! https://twitter.com/russiaun/status/986761245666750471 …
No reason delay?
They arrived without the correct paperwork and Syria has learned from 7 years of hard slog, not to trust West until T's crossed, I's dotted. Syria giving West 0 excuse to cry 'foul'
Just when we thought MSM had reached their rock bottom low with Aleppo boy Omran! We were wrong..! #Douma kid Hasan showed us another deeper fall..! https://twitter.com/russiaun/status/986761245666750471 …
Let's hope that there are still traces to be found..  chemical weapons are not like others, their traces degrade with time..   the refusal of Russia to allow access just proves they have something to hide.
Bet 365 offering good odds on finding absolutely nothing
Loads of time for whoever to get it cleaned up. Not that I have a suspicious mind
Should be cleaned up by now.
And discover a scene of crime so clean it could pass as an operation theatre, surprising really as it’s in the middle of a war zone.
Maybe but how much evidence will be left!!! Plenty of time passed to clean things up!!!!
Yeah bet they were out with their rubber gloves on, and a bottle of Flash in their hands; scrubbing away. 
#Dust 
https://twitter.com/ShehabiFares/status/987227102545051648 …
Yes, now that the offending Gas has long since disappeared......
It was bombed away, anyhow 
But yeah, Syrians been out in force scrubbing away, with their rubber gloves on and a bottle of Flash in their hands. 
Actually, OPCW tossers showed up with incorrect p/work; sent packing
Syria not giving West opp to cry 'foul'

https://twitter.com/ShehabiFares/status/987227102545051648 …
Useless news
It is a magestic work of art as to how the Russian govt can dangle the rest of the world on a string. Delay teams from going in to clean up then they go in and will look like idiots.
What is the logic behind this investigation when Syarian have already been punished for the so called crime.They should have waited for the investigation before attacking Syria.Its eye wash now.
.....and?
I could have walked there quicker
The Russians are now done cleaning up
Re-Start want to change Iran's regime.
Funny no one complained it took them 17 days to visit Salisbury. 
17 days is nothing compare to the un blocks by russia to allow them to enter Syria. Probably because people can see that and realise how dumb it would be to compare that. It’s not like the uk is capable of identifying chemicals; It’s not like they’re a developed country

WATCH: Syrian boy seen in White Helmets "chemical attack" video says the video is FAKE. 

The boy and his father both say there was no "chemi…
Poor Russian father, they probably promised him a house or place in russia , would have took it - if it was me. Or it could be a random Syrian man following orders like an idiot
It’s safe to search us now....
Will they find a bottle of Clorox?
Why is it still being referred to as "suspected" when retribution has already been delivered?
Did the BBC at the "finely" to Russians statement?
Of  course they'll say the Russians cleaned it up.  They can't admit to there not being a chemical attack after bombing Syria so rightiously for humanitarian reasons
Don't worry, there will be the lingering smell of a Syrian/Russian cover-up..
@BBCBreaking this is what journalism is

So now it's only a suspected chemical bomb site.
In other news, supermarkets throughout Russia have run out of cleaning products #nothingtoseehere
Disgrace how long this has taken
Why doesn’t the UN Sec-Gen Guterres go to Douma so he can bring back proof of what was used to the security council?
Any Muslim countries obtains weapons of mass destruction for defense will use those weapons against their own people ultimately. This is not the first incident of its kind, Saddam Hussein had WMDs against Iraqis in 1988.

Given them time to hide and destroy evidence. Great. Glad we bombed them.
Yes this  Rule Britannia!
Nope, finally some countries standing up to that thug using illegal chemical weapons on his own people...
And before the liberals start, yes, we sold them chemicals for commercial use in the 80’s, Assad diverted them for use as an evil weapons program, France did the same thing.
Soooo many Assad apologists, and in the universities of all places! These academics are not the ones who have to risk life and limb in bombing missions over the Middle East. They should be put against a wall and shot for treason
United Kingdoms + United States + France = United Vampires. 
The @OPCW will find nothing The whole area has already been sanitized
Why so long?
Were they on holiday?
Russia has cleaned up
No doubt as much evidence as possible has been removed

Makes a more compelling case than wat we see in msm.
Wonder if Corbyn or Emily have a take on it
Waste of time. All evidence cleaned up
And found?
Give em a chance, they aren’t there yet 
Well they will find nothing. That's the whole point of delaying them access!
Only after the complete area has been sanitised, do the Russians think the rest of the world is stupid!!
No just you. You need to do some research.
A little late, no?
The only thing left to detect was a fart...
Wonder how much the Russian State has ensured that these sites have been cleared of anything which would prove the West to be right ?
Already scrubbed clean
No chlorine smells detected.  However, there is a strong smell of detol about the place...
Cl2 doesn’t smell like anything
Oops ClH
Mind the "hotspots".

What a waste of time, effort and money.
What if they find no evidence?
...be careful with investigation can arise useless fears in ordinary people...!!!
You mean ‘finally allowed to arrive’
And they find nothing surprise surprise ...
Russian military found in the Syrian Duma one more proof of the manufacture of chemical weapons-the substance geksamin.
  
They would come earlier if the western countries didn't illegally bomb Syria.
Can always rely on a disolusinal corbinite to make a stupid comment 
Yes, and I doubt there's anything to find there for the simple reason that no #ChemicalWeapons were used in Douma in the first place
So ignore all the reports from actually news agencies. Why are you defending Russia and Syria?
"Actual News Agencies" are mostly peddling #FakeNews and blatant propaganda.
Real news is being reported by people who are actually there on the scene.
Wake up, Granddad. The BBC is over.
An American film crew walked straight into the hospital days after the attack and after you said the roads were blocked. They found nothing but reports of an attempted staging of the chemical narrative. Comment @BBCBreaking
Yeah like there will be any evidence left
I know it’s going to be difficult if not impossible try and just report FACTS not opinions or speculation!!!!!!!
What are the Russians complaining about they've had ample time to clear away and hide their boy assad murderous evidence for him
And you base that opinion on?
Too late i suspect 
Show them this video of Syrian Opposition staging a Fake Chemical Attack deserving of an Oscar https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1532371276892164&id=214876691974969 …
Won't find a thing —Russia will have seen to that!
 fake chemical weapons charge sheet like fake WMD in Iraq  US  looking for Genocide of poor Syrians  shame US  NATO
Just enough time for the Russians and Syrians to clean it up.
Just like US and UK cleaned it up with their bombs?
They didn't hit the scene of the attack they hit the factory and the bunkers used to hold it.
Russia cleaning up the evidence like.
UK still haven't cleaned up Salisbury, but Ruskies can clean up massive gas attack that effected 500 in a couple of days?
Interesting timeline you have “Jenny” 

I can’t take someone who retweets Hezbollah terrorist, far right racists & conspiracy theorists seriously.  

Now go clean my troll farm toilets.
Apparently making buildings collapse over the area involved not so much a clean up as a cover up
BREAKING NEWS:
After weeks of saying they are going to visit the site of the suspected chemical attack in Russia,
investigators visit the site of the suspected chemical attack in Russia.
Это замутила Тереза Мей
"...let's not bicker & argue about who gassed who...."
Good idea. see if there's any proof in case any decides to bomb the fucking joint.
Russians will have cleaned it up.
Ridiculous! Better to leave Syria and not to act as Russian funny puppets in this ugly show!

Well it's the only place they can visit given the fact they bombed the other significant sites
Gee. A week later? Wonder what they will find 
Especially after the (Al Quaeda) “allies” have dropped their bombs
Listen to Selena Gomez songs on spotify and buy her songs on iTunes
What's the point when Russia sent a clean up crew in last week!
What’s the point of Britain not bombing ISIS targets, are you for terrorism?
