Bullf*ckings*it! Parliament should be the voice of the people, not a prime minister assigned by majority on parliament. Just as incompetent as Boris Johnson. She should be trialed for her decision to become a pupet of Donald Duck Trump. No backbone left in British leaders
I am no longer a Tory or May supporter from this day.why would Assad do actions that would bring back the West. It’s all bull shit and may needs to be at
How could you have ever been a May supporter??
Actually I’m still a trump supporter, but you would have to look at Q anon to see why. As for May, she had no choice. No Syrian compounds were bombed but deep state. Trump is pulling out of Syria just wait
If she is that convinced it was right and legal she would have recalled Parliament on Friday and put her case there. Absolutely shameful by the PM
Why would she recall parliament? Let’s face it, the British government ain’t calling the shots
It is never right to take life. Killing to stop killing only creates more hatred and more killing. TALK TALK TALK.
aggression，illegal war
Doesn’t the press talk to each other before they ask questions?? All asking the same shite
Damn. Theresa thinks it's ok to attack Syria just because Syria is weak. Dare you do that to Russia on the same chemical weapon issue???
3.23076923077% of 650 does not a democracy make!
#WarCrimes - Theresa OUT !!!

I don't know who told her that UK is the police of the world
Then who's job is it to inforce international law and human rights. Either we did something or it becomes acceptable to use chemical weapons.
Please wake up, why is it that people keep thinking about human rights, when they’re being violated constantly? Where do you think people being bombed will come to migrate? This isn’t about human rights it’s about resources.
Good people don't work in chemical weapon facilities. No civilians were there. What you raise is a good point but irrelevant in this situation.
Because It's not a chemical weapon facilities 
The building that US destroyed is a collage actually
Says who? Source?
You can search yourself 
I'm Syrian myself and I was about to study in it 
It's called HIAST
I'm not asking for a Wikipedia page of a technology institute. I'm looking for proof that a college was hit by this strike. You have proven nothing with this.
So, will the UK take in the inevitable refugees as a result of this action? Bomb their lands to save them, and then refuse them entry?
It may not be legal but a 'right' action to stop use of chemical weapons.
I don’t like Theresa May what are we supposed to do? Let people use chemical weapons and turn a blind eye?? Then people would be outraged with no action. Simply can’t win... what would Corbyn do? Sort it out by nipping over with a box of milk tray? #syria
JC would bring 'em all here!
Revealed: UK Government let British company export nerve gas chemicals to Syria https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/revealed-uk-government-let-british-company-export-nerve-gas-chemicals-to-syria-8793642.html … 
It was wrong. Britain has no right to be there. There is no evidence. This will lead only to more death, more destruction and more war. Insane to think that senseless missile strikes are the right course.
People would still bury there heads even if they had all the proof, and then in the next breath ask for donations for the poor sods and call our governments for not helping
#NotinmynameTheresaMay no it wasnt
most Syrians support the attacks though and we shouldn't ignore that
Revealed: UK Government let British company export nerve gas chemicals to Syria https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/revealed-uk-government-let-british-company-export-nerve-gas-chemicals-to-syria-8793642.html … Hmmm
Not beyond the realms of reality why would you order airstrikes when inspectors were due at the site in only a matter hours unless you are trying to suppress evidence
Quit the ridiculous conspiracy theories
Ridiculous? You been reading the daily mail princess?
You made the right decision @theresa_may the country is behind you
B.s
Its not good, coz among of kills are womams an childs
I love a warrior woman.
just coincidence or not but in my lifetime I can’t think of one major military conflict Russia have actually started and been involved in?going back as far asWW2even then was US that declared war..Russia was attacked by http://Germany.off  top of my head there’s Afghanistan??
Most recent Annexation Georgia, Ukraine)+Great Northern War Russia and invaded Finland+ 1828 invaded Ottoman Territory+ 1877, Russia again invaded Ottoman Territory +WW1 Russia invaded Austria+1939 invaded Finland + 1956 invaded Hungary+1968+invaded Czech+Afghanistan etc
I said in my lifetime.
Do you remember George Bush and Tony Blair and the lie they told us about the weapons of mass destruction in Iraq which did not exist?
If it was right you would have asked Parliament . Just like Blair you rushed the country into it because you know we are not with you hence #NotInMyName . TheresaMayOUT . And take the clown Boris with you !
Like it or not (democracy is like that) she, and they, were elected to govern. The county will become unmanageable if we re-vote or re-referendum every time something doesn't go our way. Good opposition doesn't require wimpy bleating at everything! Get over it!
I will fix your wordpress website any kind of issues. and build your personal & business website
It was the right thing to do we cannot let them use chemical weapons stick to your guns Prime Minister done the right thing
How many young children has she and her government killed through cutting benefits
Brits have been pussy grabbed by trump ..
Tony Blair said the same bullshit too
???
This was an unprovoked attack on a Sovereign State - The UK was not under immediate threat, and it wasn't retaliatory.
How is that legal under International Law?
And how is it in our "national interest"?
You're probably right ! But the imperative should be how to stop the war in Syria. These strikes do nothing to help stabilise the country. Putin called it right; the quickest way to stop the carnage- back the only side with any chance of winning.
wish this tory government would die
don't you have a problem with Assad killing children using chemical weapons? Also, most Syrians support punishment against Assad for his chemical weapon use
Proof?
ask any Syrian.

any tinpot dictator can gather a couple of hundred people to demonstrate their 'popularity'. Doesn't prove zilch.
you said ask any syrian and not all syrians are anti-assad. just bcos you’re against him due to western propaganda does not mean the people of his country are too
So you've got money for bombs but not for our own kids' school meals? Not for the NHS? Not for Schools? 

Rat.
You really need to read more - children being killed by chemicals would probably prefer to have to provide their own school meals and wait for free treatment on NHS
Listen, Elaine. Children in this country are in poverty, our NHS is on its fucking knees whilst being sold off to private companies....yet this government can find 10's of millions to fight in another war? 

Fool
Have you seen the scale of the problem in Syria UK poverty where you have sky TV, cars and food on your table. In Syria the poor don’t even have a roof over the heads, get real
They're going to have even less of a roof after these bombs have hit them.
The attacks are not aimed at civilians...doh!
Yet
Utter rubbish, 6 years of taking a risk to global stability with the ongoing slaughter of 500,000 people.
Oh let’s keep talking for another 6 years and perhaps there will be a million dead? #Bullies will only talk after you’ve given them a slap!
But they won’t. It’s unbelievably naive to think this will have any affect an Assad. It’s not worked before, it won’t work now
Rubbish, this will bring him to the table, or it will stop Iran and Russia backing him. UN has been discussing this for 6yrs! Same as Rwanda, same as Bosnia, these “civil wars” stopped when action was taken!
If that’s the case, why didn’t it happen last time the US launched strikes?
Because it was only the US, with the UK & France with support of many others including Saudi and other European countries this is different.
Not when it was done before independent inspections could be carried out. She must have something to hide by destroying evidence before an investigation can occur.
Yes 
She attacked for her terrorists
Nice photoshop

No it was wrong and in time you will be exposed as a war criminal just like Tony blair.  False flag no2.
Theresa May we need to clean up our own backyard first before we meddle in other people's business stop trying to run away from Brexit
什么情况
But what evidence supporting this war ??  It’s not right !!
Just how is it legal to take military action without consulting the legally elected representatives of the country. Dictators usually make such decisions but I suppose we don't count for much do we Mrs May
First of all Syria President should be brought to justice by the Syrian people just like Saddam Hussein, I also think America should hold on to the bombing of Syria and let the UN take care of it
And why did you cowards remain silent  when unarmed civilians were being murdered by snipers in Gaza
Absolutely dreadful ! 
After Saddam and Gheddafi I would be very  cautios.

Hello everyone!

Do you want any project convert #html5 
Contact here:
https://www.fiverr.com/s2/211da1996e 
I will 
#responsive #Design using #bootstrap #latest #version

Have a great day!
i do not agree with this approach and i lost a bit of British pride when i read about this.
脸皮厚
WAR CRIMINAL .
SOME PEOPLE DO NOT LEARN FROM THEIR MISTAKES. IRAK, AFGHANISTAN, ANYONE? WHAT IS BEHIND THIS ACTION. WHO EARNS MORE MONEY FROM SA. WHY THIS WOMAN DID. OTHING FOR THE YEMENIS MURDERED?
'Right and legal' my arse. Isn't it strange how this 'government' can throw around accusations without any concrete proof of anything - Spy poisoning/Chemical attack in Syria.
Dear president Putin and president Trump,

I would like to invite you at my home in the Netherlands for a cup of coffee or tea, a meal and a overnight stay to discuss the problems in Syria.

Perhaps both pipelines can be realized ?

Best regards
play on Syria's children.
legal？？？？？？？？？？？？？

...yes, sure...#deusvult
Surely bombing chemical weapons storage sites will release the chemicals into the atmosphere ?????
Gas Attack horrendous, but why only USA, France & UK respond? What about Germany, Italy, Portugal, China, Argentina......and all others who are appalled by chemical weapons? Why has UK put it self up as world police?
Well done.
And after 10 years she'll apologise, UK PM's have gotten used to it.
We keep hearing this yet no bunker buster dropped on Assad, no military response by UN against persistent wmd use this time??? Yet more proof in the pudding cant even be an unarmed civilian , married couple with kids in this world in some places. In this day its  Shameful.
Where was you?
When the battle started?
If a chemical weapons factory is bombed there would be a big toxic cloud, people in the area massively affected- didn't see that reported...
Reminds me of those missing WMD's Saddam never had...... 
it was wrong and very shameful for your people
Im surprised the amount of people that are unable to understand that the strikes are 1. Limited 2. Targeting areas of Syria which store chemical weapons 3. Not being used to target individual civilians. Waiting for a conspiracy theorist to comment now. “Stop watching the news”
I'd trade her for Trump any day! At least she has a vocabulary & can occasionally use it!
Humanitarian bombing wtf
So wrong what happened to approval by Parliament? I think she jumped in too soon because her friend DONALD asked her to.
Is it really? why are you so silent when a lot of innocets were killed in Palestine and Gaza, or in Arakan? Are they less imğortants according to your political interest?
MAY SOMEDAY THE BOMBS FALL ON YOU AGAIN.
Not sure what she meant by legal???  I just took a dump in my neighbour’s backyard. It was “right and legal” by me to take that action!
Be careful what you wish for cunt  !!!!!
"The pressure...came from the British and the French...the British because the longer the delay the more difficult for May to act without a Parliamentary vote" from Jon Sopel the BBC's US Editor early Saturday morning then dropped!
Putin one month ago at a press conference saying they had evidence that there would be a false flag chemical attack near Damascus with the goal of justifying a US strike against Syria. BINGO! Of course, this received no corporate media coverage.
Who made you the policemen of the World?
When your old friend, Saddamn used chemical 
weapons on Iranian Civilians, Where were you guys then ?
it's an invasion!!
Oops! Follow the leader...must we cow towe to US aggression...leads us nowhere..let's take a breath and wonder why we think the answer is throwing bombs..grow up boys and be intelligent..we can solve things better than that..me thinks!!
Interesting, #TheresaMay has suddenly developed a heart of gold towards the Syrian people. She doesn't give a crap about the British. Do we beleive her about Syria? Or is it a way for her to secure future US lecturing contracts after she gets sacked? #Opportunist #BlairsGhost
As a !
The psni are useless! They are the worst £ for £ force i hav ever seen! They have about as much powerbasna dead cat! Wankers!!
Interesting that it's "we" not "I", when the shit hits the fan this Christian can blame someone else.
It wasn’t.
Fake
Was it though?
I think ultimately, this is a war for control of #Syria between Russia and ‘The West’. Russia supports its ally #Assad. We find ourselves supporting ‘moderate rebels’ - a vague term that means ISIS. Chemical #weapons could easily have been used by either side
Thatcher used the ploy when her polls ratings plummeted with Falklands war, surely people are aware of May`s real reason, after all she doesn`t mind arming the Saudis in their genocide in Yemen.
When are you going to start look after your people and stop kissing Trump's ass ,British people voted for independence from Europe and to leave the failed globalization and you simply can not deliver why please please focus on your people be strong
No way!
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/31/britain-odds-us-bashar-al-assads-future-syria/ …
She says that this is not about regime change, do these torys really think that us plans are really that naive?!



Killing civilians to protect civilians...
Murderer.
You said that about Iraq and Libya so no I don't believe a word you say.
Great move
Takes the heat out of the real problems but getting a bit stale now , thatcher , Blair and now Minnie Maggie , sort out your own back yard !
You have no proves. You are lying like Colin Powell and Tony Blair.All your speeches have the sole goal to convince yourself. No one believes you and your phony values
Christiano Ronaldo exclusive
https://madankaflesblogs.blogspot.pt/2018/04/christiano-ronaldo-best4ever.html?m=1 …
Sand strong
What total Bollox
Just heard what the UK governments legal justification for the air strike on Syria on humanitarian grounds and it would seem to also justify a strike on Israel for their treatment of the Palestinians and Saudi Arabia and their attacks on Yemen.
Hmm, picture this: Three guys walking up to another two in a bar. One of the three slaps one of the two guys across the face while his mate stands and watches shaking his head. Then the three try to justify the action to everyone else in the bar with a dodgy excuse.
This is unbelievable madness really?
but this song tho
Was it fuck. She and the tories dont do legal.
How is she still in power???!!!! No one I know or have ever spoken to or reported has anything positive to say about her. When is this ever going to end??? 
Who authorizentoubto strike Syria why not other countries
#SyriaStrikes is a joke. #westernhypocracy of #neocon #warmongers proving their incompetence against Russia who are wining the battle. #pussysfollowingidiot
What is the difference between the barbarism and genocide in Burma, Yamen, other places and the killing of Syrians??? They are part of us and being killed.
New Political Cartoon at @TrumpbirdDonald  Tweets
Weak response be written by the Americans

No it wasn’t, it was hypocritical and illegal of the minority PM propped up by a bribed DUP to deliberately circumvent parliament to go to war in order to curry favour with Trump because she needs a trade deal.
The purpose of these attacks is questionable, the line between this being in the interest of The Syrian people or in the national and personal interest of both Trump and May is way too muddle
Theresa, you lie. If there were chemical weapons in Syrian factories, dropping Bombs on them was totally barbaric. Bombs and chemicals don't mix.
Too bad we do not have an intelligent leader like this in the US.
How strange two presidents and a prime minister with domestic problems... now I understand why Chancellor Angela Merkel did not participate in Trump's madness.
A handy brexit distraction ...
It's not up to you, you old goom!
I see Mays magic money tree has found the money to bob people

Except they weren't and aren't.
School staff and nhs staff work for a pittance because there’s no money in the pot... there’s no police anymore so crime is up but you can find ££££££’s for a war nobody in your country wants?? Nobody wants you so just go crawl under the same rock as Tony Blair 
Wasn't me!!... Russia did .... fucking Russians
Like Tony Blair Do Against Iraq?
Total unadulterated bollocks
Here's the problem with your statement, there is a significant difference between legal and lawful ans I suspect the legality is questionable anyway.
#notinmynameteresamay
Focus on Brexit, not a foreign war.
Not sure it was right or legal to bomb Syria. You should look after the affairs in the U.K. instead of meddling with other countries. Maybe Trump persuaded you with his rationale but the decision should have come to a vote in Parliament. Sounds like Iraq all over again
Time will tell what is right and wrong. But One thing is sure, West just destroy some middle East countries for their own Gain.
Ably assisted by Russia and Iran, Syria appears to be intent in utterly destroying itself.
The winners make the rules
pretty sure killing millions of innocent people isn't "right and legal."
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/985191394385055748 …          .........
For systematic violations and disregard of the UN Charter,the USA should be automatically excluded from its membership.The USA without the authority of the UN has long terrorized and bombed many countries,forci…
支持打击
WRONG! PROOF? #NotInMyNameTheresaMay #ToriesOut2018
Because Donald Trump told her to. Tory voters should be hanging their heads in shame today.
The UK should not get involved in military action in Syria especially after what happened in 2003 with the war in Iraq. Look what happened there. The UK should concentrate on domestic matters at home.
I'm appalled at out lack of dialogue in debating this. The moral red line should be the killing of people.rather than the killing of them with chemical weapons. Our western Governments are behaving in the most hypocritical manner, and would rather back rebel terrorists in Syria.
They did what they had to do.
She's on the ropes because she should be behind bars!!!!!!!!
Because someone says "it's right and legal" doesn't make it right and legal
The PM DOES NOT need Parliamentary approval for what happened last night. This is fact. Deal with it. Whether you think the strike was right or not, at least get basic things right.
No you evil witch it was wrong and illegal.
Once the chemical weapons in the region have been secured, the invasion of #Iran will shortly follow.  The chemical weapons in the region is close to being secured.
So if Russia obliterate Porton Down. That’s justified yes ?
Why is she even bothering to explain? The British PM’s were, is and will always be the POTUS’s poodle , ready to wag and bark at the Master’s whims!
She really does have her head up dt's backside.  He said jump and she replied..how high?
Idiots
Russia should be ashamed
Thank you so much Mam joining with USA and France. Thank you so much. You people have done a super stuff.
Well,  I guess Tony Blair thought the same thing to get involved in the Iraq war.
Legal..?  The uk, USA and France didn't even have the approval from the UN nor of the international community... So this is " wrong and illegal " France,  USA and the uk have decided to act on there own,  and  put in danger the international community by provoking Russia!
Syria were taking thep iss and killing their own peole . We done the right thing!
Do you have any proofs that it is Assad regime that have killed this people ?
Do you have any proof that he didn't?
We had an “aledged “ Russian chemical weapons attack on uk soil but I don’t see us bombing Russia .
Just couldn't let OPCW investigation get up & running, eh? You've endangered the lives of my children. I hope you languish in hell. Warmongering monsters. The BBC propaganda service can go take a f**k to itself as well.
This action was not legal & it was not right. All it did was heap more suffering on the Syrian people and at the same time increased the security threat to the UK. #NotInMyNameTheresaMay
Please tell me 1. Why it was not legal? 2. What additional suffering this has caused?
It was right to oppose military action#no@peace in the world

Time to condemn this creature &her hypocritical cohorts
Condemn
This illegal bombing 
Disrespect for Parliament…
The world is watching Syria becoming a failed state!! So bad....
No it wasn't!
@thersa_may shame on you! You are helping USA's act of agression because of Trump's internal pressure? He needs to do it to divert the issue and focus! Are you n00b in #Politics? Are you not tired of invading sovereign country like you did in #China #Opium war in 18 century?
It's wrong and illegal
@JakeAReid @dawnymock Serious.
Naive question No.10001......if we bomb a chemical weapons facility, what happens to the chemical weapons? Do they merely evaporate into the sky, or maybe become fairy dust? (Asking for humanity.)
It is illegal & wrong 2 strike any country without any proof of the alleged chemical use. UN said no proof of Assad using chemicals on his ppl & Russia accused U.K. of chemical use. Others accused Syrian rebels. T.May, DT & Macron r liars.
Doesn't matter everyone will forget in 1 week

That's wrong...
