HIPPOCRITICAL. NO ACTIONS AGAINST SA FOR THEIR CRIMES IN YEMEN. SHAME ON THE CLOWNS COMMANDING USA, UK AND FRANCE.
Have we not learnt the lessons from Iraq ? Syria is none of our damn business!

#illegal #warcrime #NotInMyNameTheresaMay
Bombing syria because syria bombed syria to teach syria not to bomb syria ?!?
What chemical weapons idiot ?
Theatrum Chemicum Britannicum?
Well Theresa May just made my defect to Jeremy Corbyn no way am i voting Tory a party that supports genocide in Yemen has no moral high ground in #Syria 
Bring on an election! #DumpMay
You will be sorely missed, ??Jeremy is just the sort of person one can really look up too. A joke communist .In the main time Mrs May will still be are PM for the 7 years
Trop de vies innocentes sont tuées... :( @coursdeMDumais
show me your evidence!mouth trump
PM May has just put British lives at risk..... did anyone have the opportunity to speak for themselves on this? No.... another war led by a madman POTUS
Honestly I am so scared right  now
No need to be scared in the face of a bully #Russia. They're cowards and we're doing the right thing by defending women and children.
shut down and go away
Truth hurts eh?

While I disagree with the bombing, the situation is different. When American troops are in Syria, deployed by the previous govt after the 2013 drone strikes, congressional approval is not required.
Does this mean I have to submit that essay due on Monday I haven't started yet
Who are you??
three invaders! what's difference between you and hiterle
ASSAD NEEDS TO GO!
And be replaced by who?
Looks like your up for it , come on get your name in
Now a competition has starred who kills more Muslims, who destroys  more cities, who make feels the humanity more ashamed.
Better reply to Russia is to bomb Russia and for Russia to teach lesson to America bomb America and its allies. But they not stupid like Muslims
I think the answer to who kills more Muslims is other Muslims. Look at Assad, Saudi operations in Yemen, Iran / Iraq war, gadaffi, Sadam Hussain, general sunni / Shia conflicts. Not to mention ISIS, teleban, al quaeda killing innocent people in the Arab world with their attack’s
Dear you are right to a great extent but if you try to look behind every act of terrorism you will find USA mostly in every damned, Taliban, ISIS, TTP and you just name the evil and will find USA
You really believe that?
When exactly did the Tory government win the last election to be making these decisions for our nation..?
Our monarch should have called a dissolution, for the reformation and reparation of UK government...
We are under occupation...
Another illegal war
Tell me about it this is really sad
It is disgusting. No evidence except for a 2 minute video filmed by known terrorists. 1984 is here
You know very disgusting I am so disappointed honestly I thought they knew better
These attacks won't solve anything only make matters worse as previously and escalate the flow of refugees, migrants

This is really sad innocent people are going to die
Why do they have to strike if they claim Assad does use chemical weapons on his people why not go and arrest him for committing those crimes they say he has committed instead of doing this. What is the use of the international criminal court ?
lets go boys!! 
This is Not a sport...
You sound like the #Dotard
@Gerry09471154 -Understand this, my dear brothers and sisters; You must all be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to get angry.#James1:19
Strike Damascus where the snake lives
Вы с Трампом и Макроном военные преступники! Вы не только убиваете людей, прикрываясь своими законами, вы еще грабите и позорите свои нации, которым в ближайшем будущем придется расхлебывать ваши злодеяния .
Is this war legal? Where is the evidence?
#NotInMyNameTheresaMay
The war is ongoing. The legality is as questionable as all previous wars over pipelines.
It's the right thing to do - Britain should never stand idle while women and children are being gassed. Russia are bullies, we're aren't intimidated by them.
Yeah because Russia is the one invading a country they have no business being in.. wake up
So what is Russia doing in Syria and in Crimea if not invading?
Russia was invites to Syria.. I have no facts in Crimea so I can’t comment there
Start of ww3?
This is leadership. USA   Allies have to protect the people if their own government won't. God please bless and keep the American military, the British military, and the France military safe from harm. Bring them home safely and bless the poor innocent ones of Syria.
Great tweet, thanks for reminding us about the people in Syria and our military people Thank you
If destabilising a country doesn’t work move to the alternative to fabricate lies to justify bombing a country.. #moderndayinvasion
I must've slept through the parliamentary vote on it.
and so it begins
WWlll on the way...
How can this cause WW3, plesse xplain
Russia will retaliate.
Russia will not retaliate, Russia will defend. What do You want? Kill innocent people and go unpunished? This will not happen. We don't betray our own.
Semantics...

Сегодня ОЗХО должен был начать работу в Думе, но безумным Трампом был отдан приказ бомбить...
Совпадение?
I notice that's Theresa May the lapdog has been hiding away while Donald Trump makes a decision to enter us into a world that might kick off WW3. Yet Jeremy Corbyn is the dangerous one!? This should have been discussed in parliament! #TMayOUT
Truly a stupid tweet
Listing exactly what happened is stupid? I suppose in a world where we bomb a country due to an alleged chemical attack with no evidence that the facts and the truth are just stupid. We're officially living in the movie "Idiocracy".
America did warn Syria.
our President God bless America, God Bless our allies, God bless our POTUS! Continue prayers for Syria and the entire Mddle East.
People please take a close look at the truth right from Syria. Trump fucked up > https://www.facebook.com/Encognitro/posts/1511784258948297 …. Please take a look at this sick shit https://www.facebook.com/Encognitro/posts/1511841662275890 …. Please watch https://www.facebook.com/Encognitro/posts/1511800282280028 …
I empathize with the armless and helpless citizens who are always the victims.
WW3 here we go
#Wenger out
Again another drama has started Cold War is turning to real time war
for USA, UK and France. I thank among many for the perfect execution.
These are terrorists
Wasn’t there an independent investigation launched to confirm it was Assad’s use of chemical weapons by OPCW? As well as to verify the plants? Also announced yesterday prior to the strike? Jw why the strike was carried through prior to the completion of the investigation?
Americans again....  They are just digging their own graveyard!
A direct consequence of Obama’s failure to take earlier action when his red lines were crossed.
But how I thought the Russians said would hit any plane that dared to fry over Syria!
Biggest and equally ineffective like all before to stop the loss of civilian life in Syria. Charade and smokescreen to calm whatever was left of conscience in the West.
Shame on them 
In a matter of days they were able to identify chemical weapons sites? Amazing. Doubtful but still amazing.
Not again, please stop that
#JusticeForAsifa India
Why not just kill asad  wouldnt that be easier
It was a bad decision. The consequences will be very bad. God saves the World.
Finally
Commit a sueside mr Trump. There'll be peace every where.1
Croydon's gonna get busier.
Will MPs stop going on about this not being discussed before-hand. Would we really be expecting this to be a something that we can take weeks to decide. All those such as Corbyn need to wake up and accept that as a leader you are expected to make take control. Corbyn..get a grip!
Theresa May is an assassin, a war criminal.
a war crime
I hope this time we're doing it with the right information and for the right reasons.
I'd hate more innocents hurt.
These alliances are sounding vaguely familiar...
https://twitter.com/a_boiso_003/status/985105107535695872 …          ............
Why does no organization or country appeal to the international court of justice at the Hague for war crimes by the US, Britain,and France,which constantly terrorize the world,bombing sovereign countries that do not…
Actually we never know the truth that the Government of Syria  carried the chemical weapons or not
我不认为叙利亚政府需要使用化学武器推进战争进度。
Alleged chemical sites ...ALLEGED
Here we go, world war 3.
Theresa May is a massive fanny
PLEASE, where are the evidence of this chemical weapon. Is this another case of telling us when all is done that the investigators made a mistake 
Invasion
Keep it up 
No  toxic fumes , surprise surprise , WTF ,  nothing more than a load of arrogant liars thats the painfull truth ,I just feel sorry for the innocent trapped There .
@HxydenH
If my plane gets shot down you can have my rs accounts and can finally stake the staff
I'm no scientist so could be way off here but IF and it is still an If there were chemicals in these factories what impact does bombing these plants have with regards to releasing the chemicals into a densely populated area? 

This is brilliant news for the UK economy if we have taken out all of Assad's chemical weapons sites as that means we can sell him some more modern ones. Do your job report our chemical sales to the Assad regime
I'm at war with UK now as we need to restore democracy .
Sometimes Twitter is quite good

We on the side of the Islamic State now?!
Who decided this. Shameful!
Good. Get in there. We will look back in this dark history and ask why we didn’t do more.
I'm sure I am naive but why do I never read that the US has attacked someone in conjunction with Denmark and Portugal? Why do we hitch a ride on the coat tails of this megalomaniac? Must be the special relationship or desperation for a post Brexit trade deal
Hopefully Russia will show restraint, respect was shown to Russia and its personnel in Syria

with depleted uranium http://depleteduranium.org  FAR worse than ANY chemical
How did they find the addresses? Invoices?
Gods special little people 
Be aware, stay strong minded. may be fake accounts lurking around, who’d seek the opportunity to change minds and call for all sort of actions on behalf of UK citizens. Just thinking 
You never know what is true an what is media manipulation to gain public support for an unjustified actions by our governments
We were led to believe Hussein had to go in Iraq, we bomed them to fuck and toppled his power, now massive power vacuum and daily suicide bombs. In hindsight he should have stayed! Millions have die and suffer by our incompetence! This is no different! #pandorasbox
And so it begins...
Theresa may answering questions on bbc now. Notice she keeps repeating the same paragraphs without answering the questions posed. Robotic springs to mind.
Aye! Great job! Let’s just get on the bad side of Russia, because why not.
It is OK for Saudi to starve people to death in Yemen, but NOT use chemicals on people? That is one for the philosophers methinks? Michael Sandel - where are you?
And there I was, thinking chemical weapons inspectors were about to start work. I guess that Trump and the DUP had other ideas.
Ffs. Why do we keep getting involved. Every time we have it’s massively back fired on us.
This is how all the money from SAUDI Arabia  and all the influence from Israel  pays off!! We already knew about the axis of evils (US, SA and Israel)!!! I am just disgusted  with UK and France that creating another Libya!!!
Beginning of the end ! May is Trumps lapdog 
Because the last two wars went really well......
Found those quick enough 
Great ! Well done Theresa. Assad needs to see that using chemical weapons is wrong! 

US, UK and France ‘claim to’ strike Syrian chemical weapons sites ...
No moral problem for her to sell arms to the Saudis but wants to stop chemical gas attacks#notinmyname
I worry because in recent years, every external intervention in the Middle East has had unintended consequences .
Picked up the phone this morning and this is the first tweet I read; I ask myself given the actions taken by #USA, #Britain, #France against #Syria am I waking up to a safer world? Funny I thought same thing when we bombed #Iraq
Nothing to be proud of here.
Action was really appropriate but further move must be taken to prosecute Assad for crimes against humanity
Chemical weapons and their use against humans is disgusting but are we the Worlds Police? I would have been happier if a democratic vote had been taken. It’s a brave decision but, in this volatile World, a dangerous one.
What a disgrace
It seems that for 10 years this conflict has not been solved by diplomacy. Anyone have better idea how to stop It?
Syria had already withdrawn many of their aircraft and assets to safe places including Iran. Questionable as to how effective this action has been.
yanks will probably take out some schools and hospitals, if there are no friendly forces to be bombed.
Military action, with no Parliament vote, how very Presidential of May.
Disgraceful. The key word is "suspected". There are no cast iron facts as of yet in relation to who is primarily responsible. Utterly stupid decision.
Fuck
Wonder who's footing the bill.....

112 tomahawk missiles launched at Syria.  

Each costs $1.87M to make.  

That's $224M total.
So western politicians ignore the OPCW team about to begin their  investigation in Douma, ignore the medical workers in the Douma hospital  who said there were NO chemical weapons patients. However they believe a  couple of videos made by a terrorist group? #NotInMyNameTheresaMay
My question is quite simple. They have (yet again) bombed military bases, how has this helped Syrians?! The civilians.
I will save them alive !!
They are attacking in Syria because it is their countries that attack, what is related to us, they will die ... So it has nothing to do with me and for years, and even now my country treats these wounded every day that reach me at the border / hospital. I'm not saying why?
Confirmation that the United nation council is a complete waste of time and money
We must stop how Assad and Putin will massacre Syria. For years these two idiots have been killing innocent people, including children who have done nothing to them. And the world has remained silent until today. So all the Geonim here suddenly remembered to say why
That was for Salisbury
More displaced people heading in our direction. I think so 
Hope not!

Had the West not supported so called Arab spring, all these losses of lives could be avoided. Not sure where it will end, disgusted with the hypocrisy.
Mass Murderers, just put sanctions in and lock all IPs, isolate, these countries until they sort their issues out, If Bush and Blair did this rather then go into Iraq, they would not be 911,  yes we have issues.... but that is the fault of the politicians.
The West getting more desperate to create a new Iraq and Libya.....and guess who will suffer the moment Assad regime falls......Europe. That's how useless the EU is, they have no voice, simply puppets.
I guess the same chemical weapons like they still looking for in Iraq & killed hundreds of thousand innocent people ! All about Money , Power & Arms ! Nothing more destroy a country & then cliam they want to help !
Can’t support any act of war. It’s very suspicious it all happened just after Saudi prince’s visit to UK, US and France and bribed them £$€ Bn in the name of investment and military hardware deals!
Once again we have to poke our nose in to other countries problems.
After warning the Russian, Syrian and Iranian, and waiting for a week, the US, UK and France wasted their tax payers money by lunching expensive missiles at emptied facilities in Syria! Not so wise I think!
Except because of buffoon Trump and his idiotic half wit "special council to the president" daughter.......him  making statements on Twitter earlier this week warned everyone what was going to happen. And his GOP too afraid of both to kick them out
Very good. Death to Assad.
So our NHS is on its knees, job losses, housing , homelessness ,  and more, yet we have money for war.
Shifting attention from Brexit and everything here at home. Bet some dodgy things now happen while news outlets are too distracted by this to be paying attention
What no Germans, what surprise 
Why do we always have to get involved in everything, it always ends badly.
When will they strike on Israel?
The airstikes will make things worse not better. Assad isn't going anywhere for the time being and the civil war with all of the bad characters will carry on in full swing.
Not in my name
Where is the UN in all this? It shouldn't be individual countries doing this.
Losses? The Russians can replace those in no time at all.
Sad sad day
Suspected chemical attack is what they're saying so bomb now and prove later crazy
Outrageous. What about Parkiamentary debate/consent?
Hard to see
don't see May or Trump attacking Saudis for killing innocent kids in Yemen but we rushing to bomb Syria with no evidence while the Uk should be focusing on Brexit, NHS crisis, Crime rising, Homeless and Poverty rising! May can't take care of her own people but she goes to war??
Children are being gassed by their own government and no one is doing anything to stop it. Realise the situation for fuck sake.
End of the day innocent human dying only for power
I’m incredulous this does not have the people’s support
A vital mission for @EmmanuelMacron & @theresa_may to distract from their failures on a domestic level, by killing civilians in #Syria for no military or economic gain.

Quite a fantasy story; it is weekend and we just have fun, no mortar shells from terrorists and about whining Trump we don`t care. Greetings from Mazzika Damascus..... 
This is gonna be a bad situation for syria
Gotta do all we can to secure that oil pipeline. Really good blag by the UK, USA and France. So extremely coincidental that Russia would poison two nobodies, we are shown no evidence, and then once the UK has support, it launches a strike in Syria. False flags.
Assad runs an autocratic state and could be called a dictator. Mrs May using tax payers money and risking British personnel to attack another country with the only democratic decision in sight being made by Tory cabinet members.
Hope we're all ready for the fall out - no pun intended.

I thought world police keeping was the job of the UN and NOT UK, US, France.
parliamentary approval not required in the UK ? after all that has happened in Iraq ? Surprising indeed !
Ohhh menn this will take life’s ,More cuts to the MOD now more military action

#Ukraine; #Russia; #war; #aggression; #russians; #Rambo
Do you want to become a real man? 
war http://crimes.US  UK FR

The OPCW where meant to got in there this morning and investigate if, what and who used the chemicals but somehow the powers that be decided that not to happen.  What are they hiding?  It stinks conspiracy.
Spreading Sarin and Chlorine elsewhere? Or were they magic bombs?
Total fuckwits
Just like  Bosh who foolishly attacked Iraq with no clear evidence, just on the basis of distorted reports.
This whole thing smells bad. Can't put my finger on it but it's the same gang doing the same thing. This Arab Spring hasn't gone according to plan.
Dear God.
NWO agenda being carried out by it's puppets
According to Google each Storm Shadow missile costs £790,000. A fair wack. It be nice to see the evidence now of the sites that have been targeted surely they must all contain chemical weapons.
This not about chemical weapons..Is about Donald Trump..And puppet media like yours will promote this war..
Bombing Syria to help Isis good idea you bunch of war monger if idiots
When are we EVER going to get politicians in charge of our country who aren't set on war.
A ridiculous decissuon when it has not been proven yet the responsible for chemical attack. Just another sheet from Trump!
Jeremy next PM thanks you Jesus
Again England trying to fix everyone else’s problems but fail to acknowledge and sort the violence on our own streets!
Israel kill a lot Palestina people hey they don't do nothing about that
We still have not seen any real evidence of chemical attack on the people- all we've been shown is people being hosed down with water by people not even wearing gloves. Trump didn't get his war with North Korea so got to pick on someone else! Wonder who is pulling his strings
There’s no magic money tree for much needed police, nurses and firemen but there’s always money for bombs!
Mate Labour governments spunked away billions on Iraq without even fact checking. That money could have been used on those things too.   No party is immune from these decisions.
Is this Theresa sucking up to France before Brexit #Brexit #war
Bet this has really p!$$ed of the Masterchef winner as this would have been the @BBCNews lead story othrrwise.
We should have kept our noses out of it, why do our government always jump in without actually providing 100 percent proof
My business now includes, kitchens, gardening and fallout shelters
BS and you know it BBC.

Looking at the detail. “operation targeting alleged chemical weapons sites”. #bbceditorialintegrity have no space for that rather germane qualifier in the headline?
