What we know so far about Toronto van strike: 

- Up to 10 pedestrians may have been struck 
- Extent of injuries unclear
- Driver of van in custody. No personal details known
- Yonge Street and Finch Avenue areas cordoned off
http://bbc.in/2HkufAl 
"People were shouting stop the car" - Eyewitness describes seeing the van hitting pedestrians 
http://bbc.in/2HkufAl 
"I couldn't believe what I'd seen... all these people on the streets getting hit one by one" Toronto  collision eyewitness describes moment van driver mounted the kerb and struck pedestrians 
http://bbc.in/2HkufAl 
Nine people dead and 16 injured after van strikes pedestrians in Toronto, police in Canada say
Toronto Police say driver of van is in custody but gave no personal details or possible motive
What we know so far about Toronto van strike: 

- Up to 10 pedestrians may have been struck 
- Extent of injuries unclear
- Driver of van in custody. No personal details known
- Yonge Street and Finch Avenue areas cordoned off

http://bbc.in/2HkufAl 
"People were shouting stop the car" - Eyewitness describes seeing the van hitting pedestrians 
http://bbc.in/2HkufAl 
That's Brexit for you.
Brexit has nothing to do with this.
How can you be so sure?
It's in Canada.
looooooool
Your President should be blamed for this.
Toronto is in Canada
when u try to #resist but ur geography isn’t quite there
Blame the Canadian President turd... that is what I said.  Only you read it as if it is British..
Canada doesn't have a president
Oh..they have that guy that changes all their Laws to help the MUslims...that funny guy... allen turdhead
They have a prime minister called Justin Trudeau
Not in my #Canada 
We can not ignore the fact that the hate redhoric in #Canada like that of USA & UK etc has increased 100% since our own #Conservative political party  inciting *hate extreme alt right redhoric since #Trump 
#cdnpoli #Toronto
The real hate started on the left! Do you think antifa spreads love? Do you see BLM spreading peace and joy? Give it up! The left is a terrorist organization.
 "started on left' = Uneducated
 
Antifa, BLM, the *Left are clearly against White Suppremists,  bigots, seclusion & dividing humanity. 
We DO NOT divide by religion or skin color or ethnicity 
We are the humanitarians & love our planet. 
Proud to be called "Left' 
#cdnpoli
Gon control my ass, control drivers lisenses!
Uhh, they already do?
The political comments here are a little disheartening...folks, people have been seriously injured or perhaps worse and you all are talking politics. How about a little compassion...?
Hmmmm chinese asian, indian asian or pakistanian asian????
You ordering a takeaway or being racist?
The world is gone poof

Last few incidents of this type recently all turned out to be non Muslim white crazy guys.  Canada is one of the few countries that has not been targetted by terrorists and I hope that remains the case here. Let's wait for a few facts first eh?
*coughs into hand... Other than Parliament Hill shooting and the army recruitment stabbings...
Simple question.

Why is this incident being considered #Terrorism by the press, yet #WaffleHouseShooting was just considered a #MassShooting ?

Both are #HateCrime and should be considered #terrorism
Terrorism is for specific political ends.
So the other shooting definitely isn't terrorism.
It could be this shouldn't be counted as terrorism, but if you started counting these a hate crimes the hate crime statistics would get embarrassing...
Tell that to the President.
Besides #KKK is known as a #TerroristOrganization .

Always had been, until #Trump arrived.
Ban vans
white* vans
Well any other colour would clearly be waaycist...
Probably a woman driving
Van of peace ?
You don't know anything about this attack yet you assume Muslim.
It's a typical Islamic attack .
Not in the slightest. Seen the number of white supremacists driving vans into people?
I see all
Welcome to our world Canada.
If you can’t even read “European” up top, I don’t think you ought to be trolling. Just a thought and all that!
But he is right though!!
Yep, Connor is a bit of a wet lettuce and a very dim bulb.
The guy in the van was a Christian
Diversity is our strength, isn’t it Mr Trudeau!
And a classical liberal as well, I’ll bet you get laid a lot
@dajokercayleigh lol
I die every time someone says that to you and you tag me.... bc it’s been a few times lmfao
Mmmmm no description of murdering driver then ?
Is David Hogg ok? Heard he was in the area on his bike...
Sad. God be with those who got hurt or might have lost their lifes. If intentionally done, spare no end for catching the culprit.
Thanks Liberal government for our new diverse culture
This should not have happened in Canada. To hit and kill innocent pedestrians is beyond comprehension. Thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
That’s a given of course


1. Noone knows anything about the incident. 

2. Get to absolute fuck.


Mate. Hey mate. It was done by a white guy.
A 'white guy' can not be muslim?

Really?
Corbyn has to resign over this
This is terribly sad news. My heart goes out to these innocent victims and their families.
BAN ASSAULT TRUCKS NOW !
This is awful .
#BanAssaultVans
Obviously no Islamic terrorist link wonder what driver's name was this time? Ali? Muhammad?
Scenes if it's some white man or some person under the influence of drugs
Can't find my bloody remote to look now :-(
Hey. Just wanted to let you know it was a white man from Armenia who was sexually frustrated at girls. Next time, please don't jump to conclusions without facts. :)
I know what sexual frustration feels like :-( better go climb a wall ;-)

Does this act has no religious intention? And please remember islam has nothing to do with this. Muslims are peaceniks.
The violence does not leave the headlines. It is regrettable to read frequently that people have been injured.
It has probably nothing to do with islam once again...
Getting hit by a van driven by someone of a particular religion is just part and parcel of living in a major city 
Bruins fan.
Feckin mormons on the rampage again.
No no. No! What is wrong with people. Live in peace PLEASE for God sake.
Canada should have a Brexit vote but change the name to cexit
Exit from what?
After Trump President, this is becoming as normal as cereal!,Nazi celebrations, mass killings,racial attacks!,nuclear threads,global economy instability, bi-polar stock market,white supremacist marching in our streets!. Not saying he did it, but not saying he isn't encouraging it
Why would Trump encourage a van attack in Canada?
Ignore this fool. Senseless attacks have actually been down since Trump. Just another Trump hater trying to shift blame from criminals.
When this nonsense come to Canada you know things BAD.. .
But how this could happen??????? Without any weapon or gun??? Is that even possible??? Please Trudeau let more ISIS members come to our country, even if they despite our traditions and way of living. Justin Trudeau is simply stupid. He’s more worried about the word “man”
The sad thing for Muslims like myself is that we are praying to God it isn't a Muslim but a lot of ppl here are praying it is a Muslim ... Oh the irony. I thought we were the ones who wanted other Muslims to hurt ppl not you fools.
Thoughts are with my friend and family in Toronto and also with the people there.
9 dead 16 injured in van attack
"... by van that fled the scene in Toronto..." We pay for this rubbish...
Van fled the scene?
This attack has all of the hallmarks of an Islamic terrorist attack. Pray for the victims. #Toronto.
And it wasn't a collision. Your facts are wrong.
Van did not flee scene. Suspect apprehended by police.
#BanAssaultVehicles !
Drivers first words after crash..
Probably someone with mental illness, seems to be standard police statement everywhere these days.
Now they will see what Europe is dealing with

How does a van “flee” #derp
Praying everyone is ok
All these vans driving into people on their own! I blame BRUM!
The comments tho
http://cuon.io/jkRf2 
The van fled the scene?  That’s f£&)zing amazing...
Hoping that you & everyone you know are OK..
Van is an odd name for a horse
Ban vans.
Canadians are lucky we live in this country. In the US cops shoot people  who are unarmed. This guy kills people, points his cell phone at the  cops and wants to be killed. Police didn't shoot him. In the US this  would have been target practice.
this is all Theresa May and the tories' fault
The van isn’t big enough to fit her and her party in it, it cant be them
does anyone know if the van is a migrant?
#BanVans.

#VanControl.
Is the van ok?
It will be given a new identity
Self-driving, promising footballing van called David with mental health problems?
Thoughts and prayers
which god?
Allah.........who else?
well I wasn't going to say it, that comes under hate speech in the UK now
What does? Be more specific.
Sad
Continue accepting muslims illegals & canada's terror problem will persist
Jesus

Uchhgugxigzi
No smoke without fire after math will determine real motive behind it
My condolences & deep sympathy to the victims & families. Stay strong & hang in there
Okay
He must be an animal......
woo
Instagram private profile viewer 2018 -NO SURVEY
http://getpasswordrecovered.com/instagram-private-profile-viewer-2018-no-survey-view-private-instagram-profiles-without-following/ …
Sorry to hear this but what are they going to do band Vans now stupid leftwing liberals
Really sad  hope
Bound to happen their liberalleft young inexperience president has open invitation to these backward religous fanatics
Well since this is of Canada it is a Person who was arrested, no other details can be released because it might cause offence to the individual who was attested. Official vocabulary guidelines, no one has any sexual orientation by default because that might cause offence
So sad.
 #toronto #pray
https://www.facebook.com/imamsaidrageah/videos/1510654655727162/ …
Oh my god.
Ban all vans now!!! #vansareweapons

Hear me nsh, I said go to ur closets,  lock ur, means stay home,  un not allowed in ur home no more, mark the beast, is busy,  not slleeeping, ha. Ki. Mmm
Put that in Trudeau's Bill.
Oh dear God
Get ready Canada, this is your future.....
We talk a lot about gun laws, what about special rules for van rentals especially white vans.  Just noticing maybe we need to take rentals a step further. Just a FYI
Another crazy Muslim
Are you?
Here we go again! Ffs!
Very very sad
Another one. It's getting worse
H
So sad
I was just on Young street, prior to this.. 1dead, and a witness who administered CPR, said that it was intentional!!
Those wanting to do harm will aways find a way.
Another attack by Islamic Jihadi ?
Blame the NRA
van still on the scene
they was really runnin thru tha 6 
Gods Plan
Oh terrible how sad
Another monstereous happening. When is it going to stop?
They needed another van moving - ppl beginning to focus too much on the truth & what's real - #chemtrails, #WorldEliteSatanticDystopicAgenda - they plopped in another #VanMowing
The van is fleeing the scene now BBC....WTF.
horrible sorry :-(
How many pedestrian's?
25,  9 dead 16 injured.
Not all vans.
Nope! now immune to this liberal nirvana on earth  !
Goddammit! I can hear the gun lobbyists now.
Forgive me, I should've made it clear that I meant U S lobbyists.
"Oh my lord! Look at Canada. If only they would've had easier access to firearms. This could have been avoided". The gun control debate in the U S might suffer from this tragedy since guns wasn't the weapon of choice in this tragedy.
Time to ban vans
Especially vans that carry assault weapons
Time to put a ban on those deadly assault Ryder rental vans...
Why? They can still be used for activities that make our lives easier. Their primary purpose is to move things about. Unlike.....

Seems excessive to ban them when the vast majority of these vans are used for good. I'm sure the van designers didn't design them to kill.
Well its proof that they can still be used as weapons in the hands of stupid people.... Just like everything else.
Indeed. Thanks god the driver never had a gun. Imaging how many more people could have lost their lives.
And again they will hide the identity of the driver as it happened in Germany
Really? His name’s easy enough to find in the news (Jens Handeln). 

It’s just that as he was a German-born citizen with mental health problems, it didn’t get so much attention once terrorism was ruled out.
I wonder who could have possibly done this???
Off the Wall.
BREAKING: local news reporting that there has been gunfire not far from wher pedestrians have been hit #BREAKING #BreakingNews #canada #Toronto
Hmmmm I wonder what religion the suspect is
Ban vans
People are losing their shyt these days! I hope everyone is okay thou. Too crazy.
Everthing OK with you and yours, @arwenhumphreys?
BREAKING: police have since confirmed up to 10 have been injured. #Toronto #canada
Don’t tell me this is another attack
Ok
Fingers crossed everyone is ok
cool
?
Oh God! Not again!!
. Not this,  noooooo!!
