Is that news? Never heard of him or WPP. I did notice that the bloke who worked in my local Caffè Nero has left. Will we getting breaking news on this too?
Largest Advertising group on Earth. One of the longest serving FTSE100 CEO’s on Earth.
In which case I have done him and them a disservice. This is huge news.
Well, he founded a company that employs 200,000 people. He deserves some respect
His job is based on convincing people to buy stuff that they don't necessarily need. Hardly a hero. Zero respect given. Set up a hospital, build a school, save lives or make some kind of sacrifice and you deserve respect, setting up an ad agency is bull shit.
Oh fuck off
Very mature
Wasting your (virtual) breath Ian. I could tell this bloke was a bit of a nob from his first tweet.
Bloke Leaves Job SHOCKER
A tweet above defends this story by pointing out it’s about the “largest advertising group on Earth.” So?

This is a publicly financed account with a remit to deliver major stories that impact the general public. It is not a platform for the internal affairs of large corporations
The general public who consume advertising on a massive scale, a large swathe of which is created by WPP. Your general public should just shut up and consume I guess...
“Your general public should just shut up and consume”

Capitalism in a nutshell
Buy more stuff!
Technological advancement and the opening of untouched land are the primary drivers of explosive economic growth. We are on the verge of another such mineral boom with space mining. Learn how you can take part: http://WSMCR.org 
and proberly gets a million dollar bonus to go.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_nOO2wBwOj5RifraI89iwg …
Please subscribe to my YouTube channel with the above link thanks.
Advertising agencies should stop spoiling health of people for fast food, junkfood & chemical cosmetics.
.


Big revenue generating co. So lots of contribution to govt kitty. Hence big respect. Ways of the world
Maybe they can give his massive salary to charity whilst seeking a replacement.
How is this 'breaking' news? The BBC have lost touch with normal people. I'm guessing some of the toffs at the beeb are cigar smoking, brandy drinking chums with this guy?
Nope, that's ITV and SKY.. you know the ones who broadcast ads ..
Sorrel (Born into a Jewish family) gets to keep all his luvly billions
The Judge denied @realDonaldTrump request to review the records seized under the search warrant of Cohen’s records.   Someone has something to hide.
At last. Not too many tears will be shed!
Gemini
My guess is the company had apps on @facebook and are about to be investigated. @NCA_UK @ICOnews maybe this guy needs picking up sharpish.
No way you're kidding! Thanks for reporting this now so the fam and I have a day to get over it.
WPP treat people like numbers, it’s all about money. One of the worst working cultures I’ve ever experienced. Hope they chuck him in jail! Forever!
Not surprised... Here's what I wrote about this just 4 days ago
The Agency Model is Broken.  Deeply.  And for the big guys, irreversibly.

[ARTICLE] https://bit.ly/2qoKP6U  
OMFG never, i cant believe it, how is this possible. He Will be so terribly missed., who's he
The statement released by WPP is telling - looks like a settlement agreement with a ton of NDA's was signed to cover his financial 'dealings' and no doubt prevent him from coming back and nabbing clients later.Sad when super rich try to get greedy.
Why is this not in the news?
Couple thousand people laid off from Maplin and toysrus, names please, ...... Thats bit more important than obscure bloke going from one job!!!



Might a successor reverse the trend to spending more with google and Facebook with all the consequent decline in effectiveness, abuse of data and growing consumer disillusionment with advertising?
I wouldn't get out of bed for 70 million a year. Not suprised he's quit on that pittance.
Who!
Hunted down by feminazism, I read. Sad. He held his job for so long, creating enormous amounts of wealth for all, because he was uniquely talented individual.
I wonder if you have worked in a WPP agency or in advertising? I suspect not having made such a facile comment. He certainly made lots of money for himself & I think you’ll find the internal investigation was around misappropriation if funds not ‘feminism.’
I have a run a successful direct marketing company for 30 years. Apologies for being such a dullard.
Soooooooo... slow news day or?!?!?!?
I don’t think he’ll have a day’s worry about money. Funny how there’s so much money in advertising and yet for the majority working in television on world class programmes are now paid peanuts?
If u dont know about #SirMartinSorrel then read his name again .. SIR Martin Sorrel .. His life story is inspiration for so many people not for u idiots

Kinda makes you wonder why we let the the names of some of the most influential people on the planet be so obscure
Zzzzzzzzzzzzz! Borinngggggg!
@carolecadwalla @profcarroll thoughts?
Advertisements shouldn't be a means of spoiling air, water, food, environment & health.
Now someone else can make more money.
Over-paid man leaves job before investigation into his dubious financials goes any further.
Shock !
It puts everything else in to perspective
And? Who gives a toss?
Interestingly, a WPP email address is in Epstein’s black book. #Qanon #GreatAwakening #GreatAwakeningWorldwide

Ah yes WPP aka white people problems
I work for a #WPP company & this is perhaps the most ridiculous thing I've read. Firstly I'm unsure why you need to bring colour into this. Now that you have, you have really no idea what goes on in my company. This comment makes you sound like the ignoramus that I'm sure you are
this warrants “Breaking “!?
OMFG?!!!!?!?!!! YOU'VE GOT TO BE SHITTIN' ME!!!!? Seriously? Sad, sad times....
He was a greedy despot good riddance

@danniescol
How will i cope now?
Why do people think this isn't news? Its a massive FTSE 100 company! Just because you are not interested doesn't mean nobody should be. BBC can't win!
Do you honestly not see why most people wouldn't consider this particularly news worthy?
Of course. But does that mean it shouldn't be reported?
Not at all. Of course it should be reported but you seem surprised that the vast majority of people outside of the industry would feel it newsworthy.
You are right, maybe I didn't word it very well. It's just I read a tweet that said it was a waste of license fee payers money. Although some stuff on the news maybe a waste of money i i don't think this is. But maybe I should be clearer!
Interesting #shareholdervalue
Woah
That's enough internet for today I think. Time to turn in.
@catarinamatos o Jorge já mandou o CV?

Must be a slow news day. Sod all else happening is there?

Who?

good. bring his remainer dirt with him
I'm totally devastated by this news. NOT.
Refund my licence fee!
Why
Where can I hand in my CV
At your nearest cafe Nero outlet
Ms Donald's are also looking
Good luck
News?
Well the fact he’s under investigation and the longest serving CEO of. FTSE 100 company... yup news I reckon
Point taken;-)
So what, who cares !
OMG. He is my idol. He made the Ad world what it is today. Best wishes to him and his whatever he chooses to do.
This is not breaking news. No one cares.

Hmmmmm.  I think you people might have forgotten the entire concept of NEWS.
And?
Will he be getting a huge bonus or bumper pension? Methinks he will....
Sir Marvin Sordell
Breaking news?  In the public interest?
After taking millions in bonuses
The pig leaves the trough. Now that's a true suprise
I’m so Sorrell to hear that.


This is the type of edgy, seat of your pants, developing story that is keeping  #PeoplesVote and #Remain off the BBC 

Its all clear now .... Cheers
Who? Is he a nobber?

 Who? .....and why should i care? 
Hello,
  I am a #WordPress expert. I have 3 years experience. I will help you to make a WordPress  website within 3 days. 
  So ,contact with me first & Order
Is he in a Sunday newspaper #justguessing
Yes he's on page 3 at the moment
Mostly ads on page 4 so he will go straight to the vacancies page
that is DEVASTATING news BBC.  (Who is he?)
Makes the license fee look a snip with top breaking news like this ! It’s up there with last weeks ‘ royal couple choose wedding flowers’ Keep up the good work bbc 


HimToo?
... to concentrate on keeping Burton Albion in the Championship

Maybe he has had enough and wants to retire??
What times the vigil?
Who?
Gutted. At least he'll be getting a multi million golden handshake. They always do, especially when they fail.

Just like the herb got no idea
They got another one on the hook
Feeling Sorrell for himself?
Who’s left what now!??

IF YOU’RE ROOTING THIS ITS TOO LATE
Who???
you've seriously never heard of Martin Sorrell?!
#

A Great Englishman, ... He fought the Nazis and tried to warn his country of the Socialist Plot To Purposely Destroy White Britain! 
I'm gonna let that sink for a while.

How will he pay the leccy bill now? I'm worried for him.
....fascinating!
Who does what now?
Sky beat you by 30 minutes on this one !!
Who?

Yeah great work fella.  So much respect for you right now.  This meme is amazing and you've really got an important point across.  Where would we be without your fantastic opinion and unique sarcasm to guide us through these troubled times.  Love and Hugs xx
The past afresh.

In tears on the couch here.
Crocodile tissues required?
@AdContrarian
