Not if monopoly and mergers commission have anything to do with it. Can only be bad news for the consumer
I CAN'T WAIT TO VISIT SAINSDA OWO
Yup prefer Sainsbury’s all day long over ASDA. Simply far more peaceful. Just chaos in ASDA.
Argos inserts in Asda. Mark my words.
I think they should scrap both shop names and replace them with an illustrative hieroglyphic for a generic 'supermarket'  -in the interests of easy interpretation and linguistic inclusion. E.g. 
Spasda? 
Op it pulls thru n sustain D GUD momentum!

135 yıldır hiçbir orduya karşı esir vermeyen İngiliz Kuvvetleri Kutü’l-Amare'de teslim oldu! (29 Nisan 1916) 

5'i general 13309 esir alındı. 

#KutülAmare Zaferini Unutma! Unutturma!
 
Kut bayramınız kutlu olsun. 

Mutlu Pazarlar
I shop at both and have always preferred Sainsbury. Their own brand products are far superior. Sincerely hope their standards don’t drop and not happy about them becoming part of #Walmart
Nooooooo!!!!
They aren’t two British supermarkets they are one American supermarket and one Great British independent family supermarket. It’s as much a shame as the loss of Cadbury if it goes ahead
Ever tried ringing Asda helpline re: home delivery? Stuff of nightmares... Sainsbury's on the other hand not bad. I'll stick with Ocado fanx
It’s good news driving down costs from suppliers cheaper food for consumers.
Producers, especially of fresh foods are already struggling. All it will do is drive down quality and environmental/welfare standards. We already have slaves in England's fields.
Monopolies are never a good idea
Why are you worried about Tory farmers they didn’t care about the miners did they fuck em make them live in my world of pay cuts.
I think you missed the point completely.
Why try working for a gang master like me. Farming for farm workers is low payed long hours I did it for five years
I am not disagreeing or arguing with you. However we need food. We cannot do without it (unlike coal). If we drive farmers into bankruptcy through monopoly buyers and Brexit we will all suffer rather a lot. Brexit will ensure tariffs on imported food - it will not be cheaper
Two kinds of people that shop at Asda...  jobless scum and shoplifters
I'm neither of those and shop at Asda, what a snobby thing to say.
It’s a sweeping generalisation (satire). I shop there too and I work..
Fair enough, but on first reading it, it did look extremely snobby.
if you believe that. Cadbury's springs to mind. Thousands laid off and now made in Poland.
Have you noticed the chocolate tastes different now? Or is it just me? 
Yes. That goes for terry’s chocolate orange as well.
What next Waitrose and Sommerfields???
Sommerfields already gone in real life.
I did leave the UK 21 years ago! 
Did Waitrose even exist 20 years ago? Never knew that.
In fact , Waitrose has been trading since 1908 , would you believe.
Yes and their stores operate like all the staff started in 1908 too! 
Proper customer service you mean! 
No no no, leave Asda alone, such a good supermarket with really good overall value will only be ruined by this union, with redundancies and a Sainsburys induced price rise sure to follow.
 #BritainsGotTalent ¤ 2 Afghan intelligence•members and 5 policemen○were killed in two•bombings in the Khalis○Famili area in Jalalabad•in eastern #Afghanistan
■ Rick Nash °° #FlickerTourLive °° An Afghan♧policeman was killed[]and another was♧wounded in a bombing[]with an explosive♧device in Jalalabad[]city in Nangarhar
ୈ Rick Nash ପ #FlickerTourLive ପ 2 Shi'ites wereୂkilled by gunfire inୂQuetta city in westernୂPakistan
 Rick Nash ¡¡ #FlickerTourLive ¡¡
Breaking
8 Syrian soldiers|were killed and\their advance foiled|in the Tadamun\neighborhood, south|of Damascus https://twitter.com/eraxqsaxbg89tw1/status/990357479501582336/photo/1pic.twitter.com/P2OXN9FWrs 
Why is this tweet here?
Why?
Aldi will still be way better than both of them put together
Asbury, SainDa, SainsMart, WalBurys- thankfully they will run as separate identities
Sainsbrasda is born
The world now seems to be dominated by giant corporations.
My family and I suffered a bitter bloody accident as a result of the poor manufacturing of the fatal Nissan car in egypt
. I was subjected to abortion and the loss of our first son
. I lost all my money
. I and my family still suffer psychologically
Dr.Ahmed Nasr
By looking at your twitter you really seem to hate Nissan
Well that’s a surprise. Sainsbury’s used to be the top supermarket when I was younger. Like Waitrose now. Doesn’t bode well for the consumer.
As long as Asda doesn't charge Sainsbury's prices!!!!
@granty_21 top news
Insider knowledge
AVOID THE ALDI!!
But  I get my holocaust supplies from there 
A thoroughly enjoyable watch hahahaha
Hopefully it will be stopped by the monopolies and mergers commission.
Co op/Nisa just been passed,anything could happen
And how is this “breaking” news ?
Because it signals Walmart no longer considers the UK a viable market and the risk to jobs.
But that doesn’t make any sense  Walmart places itself any place  they see an opportunity to gain lots of customers and money 
Idgaf I only shop at Marks and Spencer x 
No. Waitrose is far superior.
Yea hun if you're on benefits x
Last time I checked the Queen and the rest of the royal family were not on benefits.
Ah, irony is a wonderful weapon in the right hands.
Well. As long as Sainsburys are the same price as Asdas! They aren't atm!
yes as @sainsburys are a top quality store not like cheap rubbish @asda  you not find good taste the difference range in @asda they do not sell taste the difference range like  @sainsburys long time shopper it be a shame if they do a merger
So many snobby attitudes about Asda, I've shopped there for a long time and find it good value for money, clean and the staff friendly and helpful. Maybe actually try shopping there before knocking it.
ASDA prices are hiked up in areas where they have a monopoly. They manipulate shoppers in exactly the same ways as Tescos and Morrisons.
We seek to unlock the wealth of our solar system so that all people can have access to the opportunity to capitalize on it.
That's interesting when the Government are deporting British citizens should start and produce what you company's logo say News instead of this rubbish
Nope. Sainsbury’s are ridiculously over priced. Asda don’t understands stock management. Well get overpriced and crap, rather than reasonable and organised!
Simple method for American food producers to access our market with meat that appears to supersize those who eat it. #sainsburys #asda
This is really bad deal for consumers!
Come & shop at SADA.
Walmart buying into Sainsbury’s Argos amazon will be over next for Morrison’s the world really is turning into a sci friction movie of nightmare mega corporations .
Is Asda part of Walmart it is?
Yes but it sounds like Sainsbury's are buying Asda from Walmart
SNASDA!
For any Sainsburys workers out there, ASDA is owned by the WALMART chain of stores......... totally anti union............ so for sure they'll be allowed to buy out the British chain, and god help all Sainsburys workers, especially senior ones..........
Competition and Markets Authority won’t allow it to go through, too few competitors in the market
They will because the game has changed k Aldi, Lidl, Iceland etc still exist
So what happens to our Nectar points then?  Might just have a spending spree 
Hope he’s ok


No such thing as a merger; one supermarket is taking over the other. Without the balance sheets in front of me suggest Asda (Walmart) is taking over the family business of J. Sainsburyplc. If the Wembley Stadium sale deal goes through too Britain can truly be called Britain inc.
The big retailers already have far too much power over the market and over the prices they offer to small suppliers. Can't see any way this can be good for anyone except a few rich shareholders.
This cannot happen!
Staying with @Ocado
Shop Local.  These horrible controlling supermarkets need a lesson.
If the local rip-off shops price-match the big boys then they can have my business! Not paying 40% more!!
The sooner they merge, the sooner Wolverine can become part of the Avengers

South Korean pastor musig KwanWoong -Cheun ( Millal) 

Amen 
Sainsbury's has 150,000 employees and made a £581m profit in 2017. Asda has 165,000 workers and reported a £792m profit. Proposed merger is yet another blow to small & medium sized retailers in small towns, not to mention inevitable job cuts & store closures to increase profits.
It’s not April fool’s day!
All part of saving money for a while now been get rid of night-shifts in many stores for a while now and while claiming new higher pay then any other retailers change in contracts for many will effect many more and more jobs could be lost.
So we will get the same products from the same supplier...but with a different label & a different price?
Just popping down SainsDa's Need owt? 
err gin and prosecco and kettle chips please 

Amen 
What's going  to happen with office jobs and jobs at the depots which supply all the supermarkets, they won't need as many and not many people in those depots???
New name ASS
As long as Sainsbury’s are the dominant brand, that suits me just fine. Maybe now, they’ll actually have their drivers deliver the grocery shopping to the front door like they should do! Asda are a joke.
Sainsburys is piss poor, retailing of a long lost reputation for quality. They are a lost, middle ground supermarket with little room for growth. As the recent kantar panel data showed. 1000 plus stores and 15% share show its not that popular. Morrisons half the stores with10.4%

Amazed we haven't got Wal-Mart mega stores with US imports yet.
Waitrose rejoice!

 
Isn’t ASDA Walmart ?
Total disaster for shoppers 
Competition is important and this would kill the market
Nooo
well that’s the end of the competition if it happens
@alixedwardsxx reckon any poison pills, golden parachutes, white knights or pac-man defence tactics will be thrown around or what?
Hahahahahahaha
Sounds like a monopoly case

My favorite song is " Ode to My Father, " which is the origin of the song i like song 1-2 Amen. 
Lidl and Aldi will be rubbing there hands as Sainsbury’s jacks up the prices #Assburys

My favorite song is " Ode to My Father, " which is the origin of the song i like song 1-1 
Both are zero hours employers
MOVING CLOSER TO ONE BIG BOY CONTROLLING ALL OUR FOOD'S AND THE PRICE WE PAY FOR IT,THIS HAS TO BE WRONG AND NEEDS STOPPING.
Hopefully then both dissolve, both terrible
Surely Asdais Walmart  it’s the beginning of the end
It's rumoured the new company will be called Dave.
And the new motto will read, “Sains Buries Asda”.
I thought ASDA were part of Walmart chain?
They all pi** in the same pot anyway
Probs literally at Asda
Sasbury's
@HyperionScum are you ok
The news isn't the only thing that's breaking
I thought Walmart owns Asda..
Tesco and Morrisons 

Terrison
how stupid can they be @Sainsburys a top store has great quality products and have a big range but @asda cheap shop that stock snow great products like Sainsbury's will just have to go to @marksandspencer marks for my food then more as would not shop in @asda
We'd be happy to see you in store more regularly Ryan :') Thanks for mentioning us :)
I shop there now
Competition/monopoly commission anyone?
why keep both? bin @asda - -don't need Walmart's mini-me. Offering a clinical overly focus-tested shopping experience. I really don't like to walk through that store for the way it's layed out but also what its styling communicates. like the opening of 28 days later? vast expanse
What's it mean for customers? If keeping both brands, it'ss about economy of scale/bargaining power with suppliers. But that often means smaller suppliers are run into the ground - and with one less supermarket owner, customers get less less choice.
No thanks. Sainsbury's has better quality food to Asda.
Assbury's
Why doesn't all the TV media join together for one news program because all they do is follow each other in their stories most of it is trivia not important. The important stuff always seems to be brief if not at all
@caramorris_

Could gave called it Sadder... 
The above Tweet from me WTF? It should read “Could Have called it Sadder”
interesting times in UK economy
That is the singularly most stupid idea ever.
It's going to be Assburys right? Come on.. It's got to be, right?
On TV it says 'would comprise of'. Someone tell them how English works!
nooooooooo
I like having both!
How’s that colour scheme going to work ?  
What are the chances of the merger being allowed? There won't be much competition for the consumer
They’ll be the same market share as Tesco so I can’t see why it wouldn’t be...
Brands may be retained but there'll be a heck of a lot of staff who won't!
Aldi and Waitrose, now that would be a merger.
AlWait? Kind of what everyone is doing at the checkouts already.
@SeifAmrr @Jordanknoee
Another L for señor company law to hold down
UK: for the British patriots! Please note! #TommyRobinson & #Milo at Speaker’s Corner in London #hydepark. Sunday, May 6 at 2:30 PM - 5:30 PM UTC+01. https://www.facebook.com/events/619791051697249/ … …
Well if Sainsbury’s wants to be part of Asda - I won’t be shopping there anymore.
Pity, Sainsbury’s have lost their way years ago. Asda/Walmart probably see a go,den opportunity here to dominate our grocery market. Won’t be sorry to see their demise.
Two crap stores into one giant crap store
Expect food prices to go up if it happens
asbu
as long as they ALL stock @METAXA_Official it'll be ok and please stock tabouli :-D
Makes sense. Too many suppliers out there in the same space. Should give the merged outfit good coverage. Just need a name now. #Jasburys ?
@PreetiCheems
sooo Sainsbury is the new late night hangout and ASDA is going to posh it up with Starbucks at their locations #banter
@PolaAnthonette @carlmebyourname 
Ooh, interesting #brexit charet
Wait, Asda is wholly owned by US Walmart; would this be Walmart buying Sainsbury's, or Walmart selling it's UK business & it being bought by Sainsburys. "Merger" doesn't do justice to the scope of this.
I thought Sainsburyd chicken was cheap...the prices are lowering. Interesting
Surely that's @sainsburys & @Walmart ?
Love the satire on this news story below... 
what next
Overheard in Asda - this cheese is cheep
Two failing 'British' supermarkets, except that Asda is owned by those lovely people of the evil Walmart empire. How is that going to work?
Walmart to buy Sainsbury's - this is how it should read ffs.
This is "Breaking News" is it..?

Nothing about the massively impacting breaking news of the alleged chemical attack in #Douma Syria being exposed as a staged false flag that US/UK/F used as pretext to illegally bomb the country which could have led to WWIII..., nothing???

#homeland spoiler
Should we care?
Assbury’s or SASDA
I thought Asda was owned by an American company?
So these two supermarkets are planning on merging with each other and a bunch of upper class blokerinos snort and shit on those who like a bargain. Yep, sure is British around here. XD

 
@emsenatore I will not be happy if our trips to Asda turn to trips to AsBury’s
Sainsa
If the awful @asda   contaminates @sainsburys by even a smidgeon I will be one very upset #Sainsburys customer
Love my Sainsbury’s,but does that mean job losses?
Saint Asda or Asdebris @ Sainsbury's and Asda in merger talks
my money on the group name is the Asain Group ..
Surely this can’t be aloud to happen, all is not lost I will still shop at The @AldiUK and avoid the middle Isle @milocomedy 
Hyperdales
So where does WalMart fit in? They won't be leaving the show without their pound of flesh.

Baby Techno Dence Edm Ver. Pops~ 
If they do merge then for me it’s goodbye to Sainsbury’s.
SasDa
Interesting to see https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/competition-and-markets-authority … view on this.
Don’t @Walmart own @asda
That's what I was thinking. I wonder how involved they are in this, maybe looking for a way into dominating the UK market
@sainsburys took over #Argos  not so long ago too
Surely that headline should be ‘ Walmart to buy out another UK supermarket brand’?
@BTSXASDA they might merge... .
SASDA
I ship it
I'd have thought the monopolies commission would blow this out the water.
Sainsbury's took over catalogue retailer Argos and Habitat for £1.4bn in 2016 - Sainsbury’s and Asda are both owned by Walmart ... where can you still shop that’s truly independent? Lol shop local ... how?
Sainsbury's isn't owned by Wal-Mart
Asbury's? Sainsda?
Finally, we'll just have one big shop and no choice.
What an odd mix!!
I guessed right when I saw it trending.
AsBury's
What you don’t want is Asda merging with Ikea.......when I got this chicken home......a leg fell off! 
Doesn’t matter, Aldi smash the competition with their magic aisles of items that really only your dad should want and buy from.  great food though!
Can't work out if this ultimately means Sainsbury's is merging with Wal-Mart... 'Asda UK' isn't wholly owned by a UK holdings co etc is it?
What about the quality of the food. For example meat products from Sainsburys is better
My thanks to Pounland, a human shop even we have the price  of the rest, but that shop makes UK a great, everyone can shop
Because they can't compete with the mighty #aldi 
So does that mean that customers will still get out of date food but at a higher price? 
Great news. If they merge they could cut jobs to drive efficiency and ramp up prices for consumers in areas with little other competition

With a political party in charge with low corporate tax at the heart of everything they vote through the public are onto a real winner... NOT
So who’s prices are gonna change lol
@DarylTullett 
Huge
I was reading about this and I think Sainsbury's is buying ASDA from Wal-mart. If that's true, can they buy Wal-Mart here in the US.  I love Sainsbury's better. They are my go to, If I don't go to Waitrose or ALDI UK when I'm in the UK.
meat killed at sainsburys is halal ..everybody BOYCOTT

I use all the supermarkets . Never pay full price in Waitrose or M+S, yellow stickers all the way.
Pssst so do I - and I get coffee in my own beaker!
Is this bigger news than the home Secretary Rudd's Windrush debacle or Hunt and his luxury flats scam or government privatisation of the NHS by the backdoor or May wanting to use the NHS as a bargaining tool in USA traid deals
It’s already been reported on and there’s no updates at the moment
Baby Pop~
 
'Taste the roll back"
Does this mean that there will be an Argos situated in every ASDA store?

 
From a guy who works there, 
Sasda
New name: Assbury's. :P
Has a ring to it

SainsAsda? Lol
It should not be allowed! Sainsbury is overpriced for no good reason! This kills the market.
The merger will be blocked by the competition commission. #sainsburys #ASDA
Is Asda not fully owned by Walmart? Would it still be a merger or is it more of a sale from Walmart to Sainsburys?
Noooooo!! 
That would almost make us a team 
