But why America and its allied insist on  investigating the matter, are they trying to frame  Russia?
بیشتر شبیه به بزغاله هست تا اینکه شبیه یک رئیس جمهور باشد 
برای آمریکا متأسف هستیم که چنین رئیس جمهور نادان و احمقی دارد
please do something before we lose souls.

Will World War III be started over a lie? http://theantimedia.com/syria-chemical-weapons-attack-lied/ …
Assad is guilty of crimes against humanity. We all know it. It must be stopped. Special ops ought to go into Syria undercover and capture Assad, then present him to the world court for trial. There is no greater need than to stop this madman.
Я просто ответил на вашу реплику про Асада. У меня достаточно мудрости, чтобы не вступать в дискуссию с такими людьми как Вы. 
Я не в восторге от Асада. Но я точно знаю, что весь негатив направленный против него, - лишь предлог для геополитического контроля этой территории.
THE WORLD SHOULD KNOW THE UNITED STATES AND RUSSIA ARE ON A COURSE OF NUCLEAR WAR EVEN MORE SO THAN THE US AND KOREA PUTIN HAS MORE NUCLEAR WEAPONS THAN KOREA AND IS DUMB ENOUGH TO USE THEM
President Trump is just using this incident(which was probably concocted by the West to cajole or coerce US into taking more military action in Syria against Russia and Assad)to debunk his image as pro-Russia and shore up his image as a strong president.

I'm taliking about 9-11 not Syria

Good decision Trump 
Songkran festival # Thailand  2018 @ AdvanceLifeAssurance
USA & Britain used Chemical Weapons in Iraq 

SEE THIS >>
Hahaha 
I dependant? They would have to come from a different planet. 
The @BBCNews is a dinosaur out of touch with reality. 
You should change your name to @bbcmakingNews 
If you want my help you only have to ask. 
#clueless
#JusticeForAsifa India
If WMD could be fabricated to ruin the Middle East and get away with impunity, what's a little chemical attack to fabricate. The strong do what they want. The rest of us just try to show that we're not stupid and see what's going on.
Wtf when everything is cleaned up...come on
And do what ?
Independent, who pays.
Without the US and the UK  on earth will come peace and love!
It`s Obvious they`re trying to create aBrand-new model for the Demonization of Russia. They`re Trying to take the pressure onRussia to a whole new level trying to convince the world  that Russia is dangerous... 13March2018  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vpGclIgTo0 … … #breaking #news #truth
They`veUsed thesis abt a weapon of mass destruction threat before &they`reUsing it now...to demonizeRussia to theLevel of NK...to prove thatRussia poses a threat...OUR MILITARY HAS ALREADY MENTIONED THE CHEMICAL WEAPON PROVOCATION  THEY`RE PREPARING NEAR DAMASCUS #breaking #news
So Sonya, how long have you been a traitor to your country?  Defending our enemy???  Of course, Russi is guilty.  What is the matter with you????
He abandoned his trip because his world is closing in on him and he's scared.
А brilliant decision, one would have to do it before the capture of Iraq!
Some Washington warmongers want desperately make from Syria the same haven for Muslim radicals like they did in Iraq and Libya. Are the people of those countries better off? US committed war crimes in many countries that makes them unqualified to chastise others.
Can someone explain to me what happened to the reports of airstrikes against the T4 airbase in Syria the other night? It was breaking news at about 3AM UK time. I went to bed, expecting to hear more about it during the day, but there was no mention. Did it happen or not?
Yes. Israel said they did it
I thought they were probably behind it, but I haven't seen anything to confirm it.
Heard it on @SkyNews the following afternoon
I've found it on the BBC site now... Just thought it would've been a big enough story to feature in the main news.
Kept very quiet don’t ya think ?
Yeah... Funny that.
I think Syria has used chemical weapons but what's confusing to me is some of the footage they show could easily be people just taking a shower I can't base my opinions unless things look real maybe it's time for the news networks to let me be offended by what I see
All I can say is everyone needs to watch this https://media.8ch.net/file_dl/31796fb40c6815288bcecef4cee2c903ab0b5ed70532b28be5b4e1e0b792584a.mp4/Fake_Sarin.mp4 …
Maybe they can also go investigate this incident
@SomePeaceTalks
Nothing helpful ever came from USA.
كم انت معتوه ايها الرجل
Only because he hates to sleep in other beds( unless they have beautiful women in them). Any excuse he can find not to travel except to his property.
Why don't the  Saudis  sort it out after all they buy enough weapons Saudi Arabia’s military expenditure increased to $80.8 billion  billion) in 2014, up from 2013’s $67 billion (€61 billion),  place for military expenditure, behind the US, China
We are all responsible for our governments actions, we shouldn’t let these clowns to play whatever game they r playing!! Let’s focus on the root of the problem n resolve it.
Dump the USA before it's to late:
Эта поездка "соломка" для отступления США - скажут "А ведь это был фейк, поэтому Сирия и Россия не виноваты" готовят отступление
#
NOW! It hasn’t happened already they should’ve been there by now, wait until all evidence is gone then we will investigate. They knew of these kind of attacks what happens to those investigations.
Answer me this: why would Assad use CW??? What was his motive??? No critical thinking whatsoever by most of journalists...
Trump is very stuiped and he is terrest he is very super bad person
This is what should happen not military strikes and more death.
Surely what's happening to his personal attorney has nothing to do with it.
. Good news for me. Because then I can wait to Strike Syria within 24 tot 48 hours. @realDonaldTrump

С большой долей вероятности, Тереза Мей лично дала команду боевикам ИГИЛ, применить хлор против мирного населения Сирии. Все знают об этом. Британия должна признать свою вину.

Everybody dies because of that bastard.
The West has not been empowered to assume the role of world gendarmes and, at the same time, investigators, prosecutors, judges and executioners.

HILLARY and McCAIN ARMED ISIS http://mobile.wnd.com/2016/12/evidence-backs-erdogans-claim-that-hillary-armed-isis/ … Documents released by Judicial Watch & Wikileaks show Hillary & McCain engineered clandestine transfer of weapons from Libya to Syria…
The Russian military entered the Duma and visited the hospital. No poison. Trump lied-scoundrel. He wants to immerse the Earth in a nuclear disaster. What for? He, too, will die!
Get these trending: #TheresaMayOut, #OrderFromPeace, and #WeDontConsent.
Go after them
Here we go again weapons of mass destruction
Remember Vietnam.The consequences of Agent Orange in Vietnam by the Americans.
They best be quick ...
USA, UK first attack then find evidence mentality!
The bbc and its fake news again . Syrian people are human beings and you have just condemned them to death with ww3 which you have a very big part with your rubbish propaganda in causing . Please sleep well in your luxury homes tonite

Can we send Trump Putin May and all the other war mongerers to Syria to test for Chlorine gas  if they don't come back then it was true
remember
I think you are a great in the world. and you are very powerful legend.but I want to a  solution for Rohinga problem. UN not follow... Sir please do somethink
Russian?

And if they find evidence of chemical weapons they will do fuck all!
It looks like there's some major decisions coming up for Syria!
BBC repeater asks : so the west incl US are powerless to do anything about Syria. Truth : It was the West incl the US that funded the islamists to destroy Syria. Still trying and it disgusts me. You BBC disgust me. That’s why I stopped paying the licence fee.
You mean he is working??? I will believe it when I see no golfing this weekend
Trump will try to shift the people FOCUS from HIM to Syria now.....then next Month to North Korea. But I don't think that he will able to escape from ongoing FBI investigations.
Will do nothing as it happened before that any active response towards stopping this brute president , Damn all .

If you told me back in 2001, that the USA would risk Nuclear War to defend what amounts to Al-Qaida....
A Turkish headed body investigating a Turkish crime.

What could possibly go wrong.
Russia is the hub of chemical weapons, supplying it to Assad to kill innocent Syrians, both brutal tyrants must be punished, not the civilians by more strikes
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Struggling to think of a reason why they would use such weapons in war they are winning.
BOOM
And do what? Can they bring the dead back.. this war shouldnt have started in the frist place that thousands. This is the real GENOCIDE!!! Thanks to S !!
England is a cancer of the planet Earth It must be removed and destroyed
If trumps bully boys with his arse sniffing allies send troops into Syria expect no casualties, if Assad losing then expect chemical weapons to be used. WW3 is getting closer every day, and America will start it. Syria will become unstable along with area around it, rebels win.
.
Mnmmmmmm
Said the president who can't do zero things at the same time.
All the weapons used in #Syria by #ISIS is sent by #Qatar
Everything about the Assad regime screams the name "Hitler."
Grow up smh
LOL he didn't abandon the trip to focus on Syria.  He abandoned the trip because there is enough in the Cohen papers to get Interpol to land on him like a duck on a June bug if he leaves US soil.
Good.But supposedly to focus also on the killings in Gaza by Israël.
All the terrorism in #Syria is funded by #Qatar
It will take longer than the 48hrs Trump said then. Trump will not be able to give his go ahead on any action while the OPCW is there.
Trump and May are right to establish the facts first before adding more munitions to a war that has claimed hundreds of thousands of innocents lives. The hawks in US, UK & France calls for more blood to be spilt for no measurable effect should be resisted.
The same ones who collected and destroyed “all” of their chemicals? #Douma

Here’s what the DAILY MAIL published SIX years ago. 
Life is a path we walk, it winds and wends, buffeted by the winds of fate. The trick is to seize those rare opportunities when they show themselves and capitalize on them. With *space mining* quickly becoming a reality, now is such an opportunity. Join us: http://WSMCR.org 
خنزير
So about this says Russia and Syria - come and see why language like a dog shakes. As an orderly Chapaya Petka in an anecdote about winning cards. Do you know such an anecdote?
by the time they get there it will be all clean up
Traces of the warfare agent remain up to 10 years!!!!!
Only talking
Give us their names and then we’ll know how “independent” they are..
The biggest chemical weapon attack started many decades ago.  The methane and other fart gasses which NATO countries have inflicted on the World has decimated the Middle-East and further afield.  The amount of faeces those NATO countries talk should make agro-chem firms bankrupt.
Too late. Russian "inspectors" were there.
Of Douma, all the militants banished, today it is a peaceful city. A survey of residents showed that  there was no chemical attack.
good action
Does this "independent " body travel with a pre-conclusion or with the question of who really benefits or has benefited from the alleged chemical weapons attack!
Dear God up in Heaven, what has happened to the news outfits in this country that we can't get any kind of dependable truth about anything going on? They say the Russians do Everything, Ron Paul and RT say that the US' kronies are doing everything. Everybody's biased. Pathetic.
And they need to travel as soon as possible.
Again!? What does it prove? Nothing! I’m tired of the world’s leaders condemning or denying action. The UN is the most useless body in the political world and should be dissolved! It does absolutely nothing.
Too late......
Let's be real. He's staying home to focus on keeping his family out of prison as #MuellerIsComing  heats up @realDonaldTrump
NO COMMENT !!! 
A reprive indeed for Latin America, who needs that sack of S**t?
Uh! Russia is the country with poisons! Go there too!
Such kinds of organizations as "White Helmets" are under guidance of CIA, master of provocations.

French journo Nicolas Beau et al. (2013) book (title "The small naughty QaTar" (french pun)):
Emir QaTar and friends (Isr ael?) had "#plan"for an #IslamicRepublic in Jordan, led by Hamas, displacin…

French journo Nicolas Beau et al. (2013) book (title "The small naughty QaTar" (french pun)):
Emir QaTar and friends (Isr ael?) "#plan"for an #IslamicRepublic in Jordan in exchange of  Western…
Nothing will change, Porton Down findings totally disregarded by @BBCBreaking the parrots,not pros. Assad, backed by Russia, has won the war, move on with your lives. These ruses won’t reverse situation. Those foolhardy interventionists be prepared to lose some planes like Israel
this is disgusting
War is canceled. Or postponed. The OPCW mission is going to the Syrian Duma.

can you give a source to verify? i'd like to know as much about this as i can, which probably wont be very much if it's like everything else.
https://genieoilgas.com/about-us/strategic-advisory-board/ …

That’s directly from their website.
No he couldn’t care less about Siria, he is afraid of what can be found in his lawyer papers.
Bull sh*t. Photos of kids with white foams coming out of their mouths is undeniable. It happened before and happening now. You won’t do a sh*t for the mother fu*ker Assad. Everyone wants him to stay in power. Ruthless world.

Peace 
As US response looms ,Russia and Syria call for inspection of attack site.
Trump and others condemn chemical attack in Syria that Russia calls a ' hoax'.
Yeah...not the real reason..
Let's hope they find out the truth and get listened to! Unlike hans blix until it was to late.
Trump ställer in visit i Sydamerika för krisen i Syrien. Ryssland börjar backa och USA Frankrike & Turkiet står redo att hämnas Kemgasattacken. Smäller det nu blir det på "riktigt" som Löfven brukar säga.
Russia calls for UN inquiry into chemical attack as Trump skips summit.
Do they work for Porton Down?
Keep the Inpectors safe
يجب عليهم التواجد بتركيا ليكونو قريبين من الحدث في دمشق او بيروت او عمان لايكونو حرين الحركه لأن هذه المناطق تحت سيطرت الأسد بالكامل
opcw yeah they will be truthful, not
Good

When fake news BBC reports on chemical attacks might be prudent to mention their are at least 8 factions all evil fighting Assad all of whom have chemical weapons!! You know just for accuracy 

"pure #Plot" documented : 
Meeting in 1956 of BenGourion at Sevres (Paris) with Fr & UK 
for a false ultimatum before strikes onto Suez  
with french jets dsguised with israeli colors !…

Israel goes right ahead and kicks off WW3. US and France to follow. Let the cucking begin. https://www.pscp.tv/w/bZrUgDFEWUtYa3dxeGdBUWd8MU9kS3Jab2xucFZLWJjBzpDI6k8-SEfkys7tgTmeFGCR-h3KqL98pcqMw51f …
It is evident that only Iranian regime or #Assad backed by #Putin have Chemical Weapons and they used the weapons against children is Syria time & again, now these criminals must be brought to justice
Good
Let's hope they really are independent

Any excuse not to travel.  He really hates leaving the US.
Well none were found in Iraq and that was decimated by illegal bombing...
And they won't find anything just like last time
Hello, I'm a student of Dhaka University, Bangladesh. The whole   country's  students want Quota reformation of the government jobs sector   of  Bangladesh.They are doing movements from yesterday and attacked by    police force for nothing.  we need your help #ReformQuotaBD
Good!  This is what's desperately needed
Independent chemical weapons inspectors = white helmets supporters
Empty gestures at 11.
#AliunWaliullah
No consensus as to what they are, to be honest
NO COMMENT !!! 
