Congrats, you really deserve this.
man city champions of the richest poorest football league, the standard gets worse every year.
T
Actually that are we looking for 
Well so one has to win ?
Raheem Sterling, he's top of the league..
nice one
Congratulations City
Well done to Manchester City- Champions 2018.
Congrats city 

Thank you west bromwich for win man united

Don't talk shit..

Come back when you have won it 21 times
With all the money that Man City have spent on players, who'd have thought that it would be Jay Rodriguez winning them the league!?
Winning them the league and being relegated, nonsence
Love westbrom
U luv relegated teams
Never
I will fix your wordpress website any kind of issues. and build your personal & business website
up city
Over-paid passes to over-rated. Over-rated flicks on the to possible-rapist. Possible-rapist on to closet-gay..... Closet-gay shoots... and... goal!!
Congrats man city
They deserve to be a Champion, Bravo City!
မန္စီးတီးရတာလုံးဝမႏွစ္သက္

Wow-we....
Any club can do the same if they had the money backing and support
Congratulations for buying another title
Congratulations Man City, always been a decent club, in the shadow of Man Utd for too long. Remember going to Maine Road 1998 to watch Bristol Rovers 25,000 attendance for a third tier game, proper fans. Enjoy your success!
Bawbag moment of the year?
Manchester's blue
Well done Manchester City
Freebies 4 west brom
money (well) spent
Congrats to all ManCity players and staff and all the fans.  It's great having Utd play in the shadow of the blue side of Manchester. #ManCity #SharkTeam #ManUtd
@kDMcLean Better luck next year?
It’s not really about luck mate. Just didn’t deserve the title this year, so can’t complain too much #nextyear
The champions  city made it so far well done lads get in 
Well now there's a surprise, Utd choking to the Baggies. As for City.....
All hail the European Cup winners!! Oh, hang on...
Worthy winners, best team by a country mile
Embarrassing simple
@Amanbadboy77
Boring boring Man United
Nice of utd 2 give em a hand!
That's right Mourinho and disrepectful MUFC players you handed City Premiership on a plate today! They don't even have to try now but they will. So much for last week's flash in the pan half!RESPECT TO WEST BROMWICH ALBION AND DARREN MOORE!
Well done West Brom! A great result today! Congratulations to Manchester City! Well deserved! 
How did Pogba cost £89mil? So overrated.
Don't be so harsh Ryan,he had a decent 20 minutes in last weeks derby !!!! 
The Title of this year's title is 'Die Another Day. Man U - how market?
Big woop how longs that been 
English Premiership sealed before the Scottish Premiership? Tinpot league...

@Olly_Watson98
Ffs 
What a shit gif
Your spouting so many lies lately I'll just double check that! Imperial news
Just checked! finally a bit of truth
Oh yep city champions first league
Balls-games are not breaking news.

Congratulations Man City . Well done West Brom  (LFC)
Been some strange results this weekend. Man City have been outstanding this season. I think my team would do well if it spend £600m on players :)
And thus the whirligig of time has its revenges. No 5097 of Weird  Stories from Outer Space. ‘ The WestBromOSaurus’s Revenge ‘
Still means the title was decided at Old Trafford!
Well there's a surprise. Not. I stopped watching MOTD in November. #worstSeasonEver
Man u v westbrom...... Match fixed.... Wtf how did man u play @ home annoying.....
WBA could become the first team in history to win the title and get relegated in the same season!!!

Man Utd tho
Pity the poor bugger who had to hastily make that gif in the last ten minutes
Congrats to @ManCity on winning the most easy @premierleague since I have memory. What a team.
How is winning the league by that many points a good thing
Well deserved
congratulations!
Congratulations to city it hurts to say it but we haven’t been good enough to challenge at all this year and they put more effort into the season
Manchester City top team congrats champions 
No cares  about  city  shit  anyway all new that anyway they got it !!
Well done West Brom 

Hate them but well and truly deserved. Just glad it wasn’t won last week

Staaaap 
Congrats guys. Fair play
Congratulations to Manchester City on winning the league. *tries to avoid mentioning they lost three times to Liverpool* #MCFC #LFC
#OLDNEWS
And still oil merchants
Was won at Christmas
Well Done Man City!
Deserved
Congrats to the uae on their purchase

