How do you spell incompetent?
Leisurely day out in Glasgow
Have a goodun pal!
Resign
Why do government think by an apology or a sorry is acceptable normal people in work  would be sacked one rule for them another for others

“I’m soooooo sorry “
This narrative gives you an insight into the racist Tory mindset, Deny,Deny,Deny, laughable. Then then deflection to Corbyn, he's a Russian stooge, "Corbyn is guilty, the white Tory says so" laughable. They are shameless & Dishonourable & the BBC peddles the narrative 
How convenient
Oh what's all the fuss about - these people are here legally - get them out.
Functions of leadership, I would suggest both May & Rudd look them up. You take responsibility & ownership of the mistakes of those over which you lead. May hid behind Rudd during the election throwing her under the bus just after her Father died, Rudd now dodging responsibility.
https://twitter.com/NoWayMay2/status/990157106245505024?s=01 …
What a load of bull, if the government set the target they would be checking if it was being met, that’s the whole point of setting targets because if they aren’t being met they would need someone’s head on the block to take the blame. She knows they are there and she’s lied!
SOUND LIKE CONEDLISIA MEMO. EPTIC
Does it ever happen beyond their gang turf wars that an ethnic/imigrant complains and an ethnic http://resigns.No  cause it's a "black power' thing!
Why on earth is she apologising for anything? I can't stand this media led society. Politicians get a back bone. Come out say yes there were targets. And if there's really a damn apology to be had,it should be we're very sorry we've done such a bad job removing them for years!!
UK: for the British patriots! Please note! #TommyRobinson & #Milo at Speaker’s Corner in London #hydepark. Sunday, May 6 at 2:30 PM - 5:30 PM UTC+01. https://www.facebook.com/events/619791051697249/ … …
I think she could get away with not knowing her department was still using plastic cups in the coffee machine, but not knowing THIS is inexcusable. She has to go.
Bollox.
To Hard faced to do the Honourable and resign. Hardly surprising though after the arrogance of the rest of her Tory MP’s who treat all of us with disrespect, well apart from the Wealthy. 
Here’s another news story that @BBCBreaking @BBCNews @BBCScotlandNews have ‘forgotten’ to report-
Westminster’s  ‘consent clause’ re Scotland’s devolved powers.
They now deem that-
Yes is consent
Silence is consent, 
No is consent.
 SNP MSP @ashtenRD at #FMQs on those absurd Tory government amendments to the EU Withdrawal Bill. 

 Tell them to end the power grab: https://www.snp.org/powergrab  
As if the state is in some kind of sick sexual relation with society, as they keep apologizing for failures and corruptions of all sorts.
Your the first to spell apologized or apologizing correct not one including headline and story and all comments. I commend you.
Bye Amber 
Bye
Do the decent thing resign.
Hello James
Ruddy Hell. Why is it always in uk. when an ethnic/minority group kicks up some stink that it always ends with the white person resigning!!!
Your job is to be aware
Just worry how much you get paid
It’s entirely freasible that she wasn’t aware... I have no trouble at all imagining her scrawny auld witch predecessor punting her into the post with a ‘tell her nothing’ (and by ‘scrawny auld witch’ I mean ‘poor excuse for a Christian and PM’)
Hope you are gonna dig a little deeper on this.
In other words....... I’m the best person for the job. Sorry, what’s the job I am supposed to be doing? A moving target, no target, what target? Sorry, I’ll do better next time. Too much promotion too soon and this is where you end up. The Home Office. Just ask Theresa.
She’s lyin’   Try not to let the door slam in on the arse on the way out.
Is that why she is driven everywhere,  she hasn't got a clue where she is , where she's going, or how the fuck to get there.
Super
And she wouldn’t be because any department will deny targets exist - truth is they exist as a staff measurement performance stat not to prove if strategies are working basic fact - are your staff doing their job and if not could a target help you keep beat staff
That should say keep beat staff train middle of the road staff and move along underperformers - it they used targets to measure strategic success nothingvwould succeed - the story changes everyday !!
There's two options @AmberRuddHR: @theresa_may youre either grossly incompetent, or you're a liar. 
Either way, you should have resigned by now. Every moment you remain in office degrades the country and every person afflicted by this national shame.
#Windrush
Rudd is so inept that she made the equally inept Yvette Cooper look like Robin Day when she was grilled by her recently
Oh, OK then, that’s fine then.
She and Arsene Wenger would get on famously.
This is so wrong how can you set a target if the person responsible isnt aware there is a target who is putting in the policies to progress toward the target and showing the leadership required Amber Rudd it sounds like your saying there is no evidence you knew there were targets
Six Tory Fibs on Windrush now exposed:

•Rudd WAS aware of deportation targets
•May WAS warned about Windrush in 2016
•May DID set deportation targets
•Landing Cards op decision WAS Oct. 2010
•Albert Thompson ISNT receiving treatment
•Theresa May DID sanction “Go Home Van"
Diane Abbott has done such exceptional work on the Windrush, holding govt to account and catching them out on their lies, while facing the most abuse on social media of any MP. The way the press instead laud someone who shadowed May for 5 years & backed 2014 Act astounds me.
Christ! An Abbott fan. Very rare indeed.
Why is it wrong illegals should be targeted and sent home
One has to wonder exactly what Rudd does all day, by her own admission she has not seen or read  or known pretty major Home Office policies, so at least utterly incompetent
Is that burning under garments I can smell
Really??
Convenient 

Labour calling for Amber Rudd to resign? They’ve got Diane Abbott put your own party in order first you muppets
First a Tory apologising,but no doubt grudgingly, http://history.is  made,then admitting she made a mistake even more history,I'm of for a swift brandy can't believe it
Can we have this turned to a #Corbyn smear? Could we say "Corbyn was aware of Rudd's lies, he is just as guilty as her & must go"?
Breaking: #Corbyn eats #AntiSemitic #Pizza, #EnoughIsEnough, this is the last straw!
She has got to go now , this country is in absolute turmoil , it's showing the rest of the world how bad people keep ruling
Before people start blaming AR for everything, consider how wide a remit the Home Office has. Her duty now is to reform the Home Office into units that are accountable and report accurately. She's obviously been let down by civil servants, and now is the time to sort them out.
Resign.


Either way she is a lier or bad at her job so she should have gone weeks ago in a normal job she would have been sacked if there isn't rules to sack bad minister's then there should be as there is in all jobs
She has to go.
Have Labour apologised for ordering the destruction of the the landing cards and other documents?
They didn't. Stop doing an Amber Rudd and a Boris Johnson by telling lies. That makes you as bad as them.
Oh, spose they aren't racist either
Two wrong don’t make a right etc etc
What's wrong with having targets? The Jamaican who came here in the 50s are British so of course they stay,  but illegal immigration needs dealing with too, as well as reducing the number. So other then that of those who came in the Windrush there should be targets eh!?!?
Nothing is wrong with having targets. However using 'low hanging fruit' I.e legal migrants without proof to meet those targets and then lie about it to parliament that is what is wrong. It isn't the crime, it's the cover up.
liar
Strange I thought she was apologising for lying to Parliament and a select committee
Migration targets? It sounds like economic or business more than government department which would be fair and follow the law Accordingly.
She’s really on top of things
Why is it that when a politician lies, commits fraud, applys institution all racism lies more if they are not Tory they are hounded out of office yet if they are Tory they are like an immovable object ? I could rattle off a list but it was the same with Tory governments before ?-
- time and time again MP's show themselves unable to govern themselves so why are we allowing them to still govern themselves ? Its about time we had an independent ethics committee governed and run by the people with the power to sack off lying scheming politicians.
Dear BBC, You are allowed to put this story on the TV. Thanks
Even the bit about her lying
And that's the self centred  shit that are so called part of a government that's supposed to be running this country ??? They couldn't run a brothel !!!!
Fair enough. We must remove all illegals - they are criminals don’t forget x
Shouldn’t the focus be on the permanent secretary and the civil service as a whole. Politicians come and go, political parties come and go. The route problem is the incompetence of the civil service.
These days there is new word for “excuse”: “apology”
Why is it Left never resign after never knowing an answer and yet always cry resign if someone doesn't know some figures.
How many more apologies in this incompetent Tory going to give. Vote of no confidence on them all is what’s needed. Bungling lying morons the lot of them. And they all think we believe what they spout. Only fools fall for their lies..
Kemi Bedonach was the Tory MP who hacked Harriet Harmans account right? She is the one defending Rusmdd right?! Rudd just go and then May can follow you.
So we have a home secretary that doesn't read important documents and memos and a shadow home secretary who is also as incompetent is there any hope
F off. A shadow home sex who voted against immigration bill who forewarned of consequences. Stop shifting blame
How is saying both are incompetent shifting blame neither are fit for the role they are in and rudd should resign
Name 1 thing that is the fault of shadow home sec
Diane Abbott has done such exceptional work on the Windrush, holding govt to account and catching them out on their lies, while facing the most abuse on social media of any MP. The way the press instead laud someone who shadowed May for 5 years & backed 2014 Act astounds me.
Err she cost labour the election with not knowing her figures and that car crash of an interview
Absolute bollocks. And what has that got to do with windrush? Bore off with yr bs not interested
I didn't say it had anything to do with Windrush I said they are both incompetent and if your not interested then don't read and comment and have you heard her interview or is your memory like a goldfish when it comes to labour !
The thread is abt windrush dufus. Jog on with ur bollocks and maybe have a word with yersell abt yr bias against Abbott & the cause of it and why you even had to bring it up ina thread abt Rudd windrush and targets she lied abt
Oh, that’s alright then, carry on.

All those families who have been subjected to the cruel and unusual torture this causes - it’s ok, Amber’s said sorry.  

How many suicides has this caused?  Or broken families and orphans?  

Sorry for what?  Getting caught?
BS
A tenner says she’ll have ‘considered her position’ within seven days and will be gone.
Breaking news? It’s been your headline for the past week. Time to move on.
Another politician unable to admit a wrong from the beginning. Why does it take being publicly caught before a senior member of the cabinet admit wrong doing
Liar
Resign!
january 2018 updated ministerial code: “Ministers who knowingly mislead Parliament will be expected to offer their resignation to the Prime Minister”...
Rudd doesn't see documents. May is on holiday when the vans are sent out. Are home secretaries actually accountable and/or  in charge of anything?
Nonsense. Too many lives & families destroyed. Do Amber and Theresa actually have a moral conscience??
The damage is done. Resign and put people in post who actually give a damn about people's lives more than their employment  status.
What does she do?
Shambles
That's a blatant lie.Smh

Tories = apology . The ** things up and then apologize for everything .
Typical politicians excuse, plead ignorance of the facts.
I hope there were specific targets. At least a minimum amount of illegals to be removed yearly. FFS !
100%
She would only need to apologise if there hadn't been targets. Harder targets needed.
Should be one target for deporting illegal immigrants, 100%
TBF I wasn’t aware I was ‘rabitly left wing’ as I’ve not read my own tweets 
The people wanted migrant removal !  Windrush was appalling but we still to deport illegals let the woman do her job
Linda is peak racist gammon.
What number apology is that? Asking for a friend. #WindrushScandal #Windrush
Twatty McTwatface
It's interesting how anyone who comments and holds a differing view, has their comment deleted. This paints a false illusion of a near unanimous opinion of readers. Differing views aren't welcome here.
Go to Amazon and try to review James comey's book and give it anything less than 4 stars and see what happens!
She’s sorry that she failed to do the job she’s being well paid to do. So that’s okay then
Still lying. Resign!
Liar
She should be apologising for telling porkies

So then, who knew?!!!
Well that makes it alright then 
Sorry doesn't seem to be the hardest word. It seems to be the most uttered.
Ridiculous. Does anyone believe politicians???
Refusing to give up her place at the money trough. Keeping her snout firmly thrust in the gravy train.
And you will accept her apology, nothing more to report. Whatever happened to the good investigative, challenging journalism? Shame on you.
...you know it was a bunch of journalists that broke the entire Windrush scandal in the first place, don’t you?
Don't worry just deport all of them
Racist alert.
A disgrace.
Thanks ref
She is incompetent, and not in control of her department, which leaves her with only one choice, to do the right thing and resign, now.
The whole immigration system is corrupt and not to be trusted. I have tried to get my wife of 5 years over to the UK and they refused. Now I had to leave family and country to be with my wife. Thanks may and Rudd you have split up two families.
Incompetent and ignorant
This whole government is incompetent
More interested in the sacking of people in positions of trust within the home office, leaking confidential information  to the jackals in the media
Absolute corbynite bollocks
How...how is the Home Secretary lying to Parliament anything to do with Corbyn? 

The real tragedy in a Tories life,the ones they see do not exist,and the ones who exist they still don't see?
Inept lie! She claims she is best for the job, constantly tells us she knows better and know wants us to believe she didn't see this email. #BS
Very trumpian.
So shes either incompetent or a liar.
She's not aware of much it seems. Saying sorry doesn't cut it with me. Should go.
she needs to go
Yeh, righto.
She has to go, this is pathetic and demonstrates such callous cynicism for her constituents and the country at large. Not even starting on the people this has impacted.... I don’t know how she sleeps
E- still better than Diane Abbott
If she has to go then hopefully she will be replaced in the Cabinet by a Brexiteer. Be nice if Remoaners like Abbott shoot themselves in the foot yet again.
The memo says "“path towards the 10% increased performance on enforced returns, which we promised the home secretary earlier this year”.
Was she not aware of the promise to her, either?
Resign
RESIGN FOR YOUR STUPIDITY,
Pathetic bbc witchhunt. Kuenssberg please resign
A politician making a complete  balls up,that’s something new..
When I go to work I do my job to the highest of standards everyday. I'd be out of job of a job if I didn't! Why do May and Rudd, leaders of our country, not hold that same vertue. Shoddy work is unacceptable for our country!
Sadly they keep lying to get out of the mess they have made . If there was one shred of decency in either Rudd or May , they would come clean and resign .
It's time she stopped lying and resigned . Every time she opens her mouth she lies . 
Teresa May should go too , they are an embarrassment.
Liar as a leaked document proves she set targets
Why is this 'breaking'? This was days ago. How would we have known about this before social media? A) We wouldn't. Thinking you are only reporting now because you have to do. So disappointed in BBC 
It's her third apology.
Third time's a charm.
Hoping it's her last!
So there we have it once and for all, she is not a liar. She is just totally incompetent!
Resign
Have some honour and resign !
#AmberRudd should resign.
She should have the option. She should have been sacked by now but May needs her to take the flack so needs her to stay.
Is this government aware of something???
What a joke.
Enough is enough, no more Apologies
Amber Rudd must resign, now.
Resigning?
... shhh peasant, listen to the bbc and accept what they tell you.
Absolutely 
Still covering for May then.
Oh,ok  Amber that's alright then
Modern politicians do not appear to represent the UK very well

Since 2010 they have accepted 17.7% pay rises whilst austerity is forced on society 
One rule for them another for society, Why?
Does this woman have no shame?
No shame at all , she will keep lying to cling on to her job . 
She should be sacked .
Resign, you ghastly woman. You are not fit to hold public office. Shame on you

Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.

Not only that, but the media are  over you like measles.

.
Just shows why females should not be given positions of power. They aren't capable.
UK population: 66 million.  At what point will it be too many migrants from troubled countries?

Goes to prove these ppl know nothing about what's going on in their department and that they are run by the permanent staff regardless of who's in Power  and it certainly isn't her

A resignation should be forthcoming if only to demonstrate that the #Tories are capable of showing some form of integrity to a debacle of such magnitude. Have the #Tories lost every ounce of empathy in that they cannot show solidarity to those so unecessarily abused by the system
They have no integrity . They have caused this mess , then lied to the country .
IQ of an amoeba
Either completely incompetent or a bare faced liar. Probably both. Seemingly acceptable these days though.
She needs to stop clinging on... this is excruciating! 
She’s past the point of no return on the bullshitometer.  She simply cannot remain in her position as her credibility has vanished.
Heartless. Go!
Not fit for the job. Bye bye
Rudd is crudd. Do one Amber
Give the woman a break
The sack. She needs to be given the sack.
Apologising is not an excuse for incompetence.Your employed to do a job if you cannot then leave
Not good enough!
Not acceptable. Resign.
#QAnon #TheGreatAwakening
See you later stupid!!!!

Incredible barefaced lies
She is useless really. How the hell did she get to be home secretary.
To be honest, Theresa should go too.
What about nonspecific targets?
#ResignRudd
Sometimes an apology is really utterly out of touch. Resign!
New
What a cunt. I mean, seriously. "Hey, I've bullshitted on everything that's been said, but hey, although I'm an important part of government, s'alright to forget such important shit. Hey can I claim money from the tax payer for that sentence?"
Amber Rudd. Liar. Resign.

so basically LIES as it was revealed that she knew through a memo...
Says she never saw it, although it was reporting on the targets she never knew about, although she promised the PM she'd exceed them. What a liar. How anyone will believe this is beyond me.
She’s in the job as long as she likes. Roll on 2022
It's nonsense how can you measure how effective you are and have KPI if you have no targets ,If there are no targets it appears that no one cares who is in the country Rudd and her dept + UKBA are a shambles
