How is a sole candidate a candidate?
Well a sole is also a one sided fish ..
Inside and outside...
How many candidates are standing ?
I don't think it's a free election. The new President is picked by the Communist Party.
Another great example of what communism is capable of doing. The communist party doesn't believe in democracy hence the so called ''sole candidate''.
What happened to Frey Bentos? @DavidBrentMovie
The “sole candidate” is first elected in municipal/provincial elections, then national elections, then on a list of hundreds proposed for the 31 places on the Council of State and then on the list of deputies proposed for each role.  The list is voted on by the National Assembly
Congratulations as the new era dawns on the Cuban history. Castro and his brother gave a special meaning and Identity  to this island Nation. Wishing bright and prosperous future. God bless
Cuba vient d'élire Miguel Díaz-Canel Président en remplacement de Raúl Castro.
In Nicaragua police shut right now civil people. Help, please we need journalist.
The US calls it justice when no accused names are released, their crimes aren't announced, no evidence is given, and all the proceedings are blacked out.  When the investigation is in progress, no news.  When it is over, no news.  That is ca;led justice.
Rip
#MiguelDíaz-Canel #RaúlCastro Humanity & justice  are the best qualities to rule the world
Try somebody else... might be there's changes in Cuba...
Who’s going to explain baseball to Barry now that the Castro bros are going to be gone?
Oh well ... that was nice

وثائق مدفوعات بريطانيا إلى مؤسس الدولة #السعودية التي تعرضها #مكتبة_قطر_الوطنية بالتعاون مع المكتبة البريطانية.
ما تعليق دارة الملك عبدالعزيز؟ 
@QNLib @Darahfoundation 
…
Should leaders rule the world to make people dependable on companies?
Watch how thugs invade Nigerian Senate, stole mace
Ojalá termine también el hambre.
it had to happen one day or another ..
At the WSMCR we are the ultimate cheer leaders for the coming space mining revolution. Never before in all human history will there be such an easy avenue to secure great wealth. Learn more: http://WSMCR.org 
Is it Boris? Please let it be Boris May or Mogg!
Miguel coming into power ends the Castro family rule but don't be surprised to see Castro family laws working
Good news! Cubans are in power because they are a participative democracy.
Such an example of democracy. Communism isn't beautiful?
yes
Well,,, of course
Just wait till he starts having hearing problems and someone else will get in. Let's hope he is not a friend of Putin?!
It’s a wonder the Cuban people haven’t revolted or otherwise overthrown their terrible rulers. They should see some video from the “Arab Spring”.
This happens to every empire or dynasty
@bigbobslatts
And that’s literally why we went when we did..... May well change forever.
Barry Travel?
Cuba I fear is gonna follow the footsteps of Venezuala after Chavez.
It already is, since Fidel stepped out.
I haven't heard any reports of riots in recent years in Cuba.
