It’s a lose/lose no matter what people moan that VAR takes too long to make a decision and it takes the momentum out of the game then when it is not being used people moan calling the refs or other team cheats 
The problem stems from poor officials running VAR and poor officials on the pitch. Get better training for refs.
And we are suppose to give a fuck because ???
The best decision EPL teams have ever made...,the tension makes football more interesting, the arguments you have when you feel ur team got cheated 
That’s a relief - games I’ve watched it has ruined the flow and got decisions wrong. If it is to work it needs to be a quick decision. #tosoon
Don't want to see managers moaning about ref decisions next season then.
Spot on sir
Good news cz itz shit
#JusticeForAsifa India
Due to too much money being at stake
We are fucked then
Why would you want this particular system introduced. It was awful in the FA cup this season. Personally I think this VAR is a gamble with the popularity of football. Also, really looking forward to measuring offside my the millimetre in the future. Yep can’t wait .
And now reverse it for the cups. Shambles
Yet managers will still moan about referees every week. They can't have it both ways. VAR is work in progress but it will make sure clear terrible decisions are stopped. Teams get relegated because of poor decisions, costing clubs millions. Football still stuck in the dark ages.
If United don't want it, it don't happen. Difficult to fix games with var....
Good because it’s failing everywhere it’s been used
Good it’s ruining our beautiful game
Then they can’t complain when a decision goes against them.
Maybe if it solved more problems than it created it would’ve got more votes
Smells corruprion far away! Why wouldn't you use help when the referees suck Big Time and a lot of money is invovled???! Doesn't make sense. At all.

lol because they’d have to change their whole mentality for diving and multi-million pound players would be getting sent off for simulation every game.
Shocking...Clubs were resistant from the outset, Refs were also sceptical & FA almost loathing it. All 3 didnt want it because it would show up how poorly ref'd matches are & how much players cheat/play for fouls. VAR was botched in excution & made more complex than needed.
@maxrushden does this mean some time on the pod will be given to actually discussing football next season? Barney will be happy, maybe.
I guess if it was used. The players would no longer be able to pretend to be injured which in turn would make it an even more pointless game
Because it allows over paid twats to continue to cheat and dive. 
Hahahahahahahahahaha!!!!
it made the premier look even more rubbish.
Watch emotions run deep , until a player hits a referee on the head ,
Just right until they work out a way of letting supporters on the stadiums know what's happening
This had to be commercial decision. As if the club's worry about fair play and what the fans think. You mugs.
They are wrong and it must be made compulsory. It is a joke and backward step when you have it in all the major team sports , Rugby, Cricket, and in Hockey. #VARMustReturn
Who were the voters? Players or management?
@ALeague Take note!
Really?
The VAR operator should not get involved unless there's a 100% mistake or missed incident by on field officials.
If operator gets involved, then it should be the final decision, not referring back to referee to go look at monitor wasting time
There is all the time. Have you ever watch a game?
Good, it's shit
Just make it a contact sport. Problem solved.
Dinosaurs!
Great call
People who don’t want VAR have no clue.
Technology is 100% needed to bring football forward and out the dark ages.
Imagine actually disagreeing 
Blame Neil Swarbrick..!

I don't get why this is so controversial and difficult to do here. Instant replay has been a part of sports elsewhere for decades!!
Why not
They moan with VAR, it takes too long they say. Wrong decisions have been made even after the help of VAR. When wrong decisions have been made, they complain that VAR should have been used. Referees still get abused either way. #WithorwithoutyouIcantlivewithorwithoutyou
i am in support...
Must have taken evidence from Harry Kane
Never mind, bring it into the lower leagues where we actually NEED it!
How can it be that so many sports - Rugby, Cricket, Tennis etc - can get it so right for years and Football gets it so confused and stuck in the dark ages? #stupid #premierleague #bbcsport

they are only prolonging it It is going to happen eventually They needn't complain about decisions then next season
The system needs to be slicker & fans in stadium need to be engaged in what's going on. Trial that first before getting rid of it
Good.
Another year of watching the girlies diving around like fairies - i shall pass on that.
Amen
Of course not! They’re all in it together! Let the robbery continue!
Wonder what have happened if the last minute Real Madrid penalty decision had gone to VAR! Refs make mistakes, they're only human, but asking them to relive it through VAR is a step too far 
It would still of been a penalty.
Just so you all know, Var is not a technology,  but another referee in a secret room , making decisions with their own interpretations. While we all sit there twiddling our thumbs for 1-2 mins while they watch 5 different angles,  which show 5 different possible outcomes.
Excellent. No need for @GaryLineker and cronies now ripping into refs and players.
Ffs
In sure the executives who voted against VAR are so old that they be dead by the time the next vote comes around so. The approval of VAR in inevitable so why delay it and deny people the technology to get the calls right?
Fools, big clubs keeping a few more wrongly award points for a while longer
Backward Step
Yeah, who wants the rules to be followed correctly and refs to get the calls right? Rules are made to be broken! Am I right or am I right?
Thank God!@premierleague
The reason: there's no way they can manipulate the results if the video assistant referee were to be used.
#RaminHosseinPanahi
Bad decision
Because they want the top clubs to get away with stuff still 
Money is making decision, not the clubs....
Smaller clubs buggered then.
Well the refs have not been using them correctly
Too much match fixing in England, am not surprised
Great news
The reason  they are having  teething  problems, is because  the dimwits  in charge are to Bloody stubborn,  to go and ask advice, from the tried & tested 
Tennis, RUGBY, even Cricket  !
They have got it right 
No they haven't,  bar tennis because it is black and white, it's in or out. Var is subjective and the world will find out how bad it is at the world cup.
Why?
Good.
its about time!!!
Defo don't wanna hear any complaints about refs next season from managers then...simple.
Man United fans must be buzzing.
Seems like certain clubs prefer poor bad decisions to achieve success.
Makes sense
Is the image presented by #VAR ?!
Goal line technology is good enough
Wenger won't see it anyway, he never does 
Can’t ever recall saying “quite right too” in connection to the PL but....quite right too.
Just stop the TV replays and then we can all be  blissfully back in the dark. No longer having to debate whether it was his left or right bollock which crept offside.
Much better
Fantastic news
absolute disgrace
if the western warmongers looking for evidence that who supply sarin gas to jihadists? then... this Turkish MP explain in details.
Good needs more work
It would help if people could even agree on the rules to begin with... giving fouls for literally any contact is pathetic yet happens every week. Besides they need to punish more players for begging for free kicks or trying to get someone carded by crowding the referee.
Very Surprising !
Why? Tech is there. Why not use it?
Open Tweet to all. What the fuck is  the point of the fourth official, in European matches,the one with the lollipop stick,Who stands along the goal line. I have no idea. Can someone explain please.
Very good Suze. 
Good.....they need to get it right before messing about the way they did with it
Good decision. Refs decision is final. Stop meddling.
Are they scared of getting caughit out ?
Shouldn't be up to clubs to vote, should just bring it in regardless, learn from Premiership Rugby, get it right and introduce it for the 2019/2020 season whether the clubs like it or not!!
Dinosaurs.
This is the best news I’ve heard all day, maybe all year. Hopefully FIFA stop it from World Cup too
good because its fooking shite!!! #leavethebeautifulgamealone
Correct decision. Uttter bollocks.
why?
Just shows how corrupt the football game is.
Need to work on the process - shud not give the ref the power it needs to be given to the manager's like the NFL. You get a set number of challenges that will add a tactical element to it as well
@ryanmcm11 @CoDownBlue thank god… 
Why did they get a choice???   No moaning next year then
Thank god. Let's hope they never do
Given the amount of controversy its caused so far, I'm not surprised. Think there needs to be some tweaking of how its used...and refs need to be trained how to review video footage, judging from some of the bizarre decisions given.

Hope its reintroduced in the future.
Can we review that 
What a waste of everybody’s time just like football in general
Deary me
Why

Tottenham will appeal
Great news. Keep decisions in the hands of the match referee
Stupid decision.
I never like VAR because I think it kills the game of football, having to wait for the ref to check 
@derrickg745 common sense, the match is 90 minutes, love the next 3 hours on radio TV and Twitter talking about the match .
How's Harry Kane gonna score now?
Thank goodness for that! Very sensible, the system needs to be use in a very clear way also we need to hear the ref and the var and so does the stadium.
This is disappointing
Ned Ludd presumably had a casting vote!
Strange decision
was Michael Oliver the deciding vote?
VAR is the future. The longer Premier League teams delay it, the longer it will take our referees to learn to use it properly and the further we'll lag behind the countries that adopt it. How can we bid for major championships like the World Cup without VAR expertise?
Unbelievable! !!
Good
What a joke
Then let’s hope no manager moans  about referees getting decisions wrong.
Harry Kane will appeal it
Hallelujah!!! A load of nonsense anyway.  Why should they need assistance constantly, they should have their eye on the game at all times - thats what they are trained for and paid for!!!
Luddites
Hopefully Michael Oliver as well.
I am also of the opinion to not use the VAR. Rather train the refs better. And i also have a bit of an issue with linesman and the 4th official who's allowed to give their opinion, but 99% of the time don't
The technology is a must, it’s just the ridiculous way it’s implemented that is causing the problems. Learn from how Rugby do it.
Good var is a joke
Isn't a crowd of players surrounding a referee, arguing about a desicion, losing the momentum of the game? Surely it would be a lot quicker to view the incident back and go from there.... Bad desicions can have an immense impact on a teams season. Must be worth it surely
Goal line technology yes, VAR no - hate it - refs and linos are criticised, sometimes rightly so, but vast majority of decisions are right. Players themselves are the biggest issue, diving, shirt pulling etc
So that the likes of Michael Oliver and Artikison can have their field day
First of all, players have to stop being cheaters.
Second, players,managers, directors and owners need to sit before the season starts, give them lectures about the rules of the game. ( It's inadmissible that all of them with higher wages still not to have a clue about rules).
Amen
Football remaining in the Stone Age
Money talks again
Looks like harry Kane will be claiming everyone's goals then
It takes time to iron out the issues but the refs do need help. Seems like a hasty move
Well then these clubs both managers and players need to stop moaning when the referee misses a penalty.
Good, its nowhere near ready and the fans need to see/hear what's going on so they're not just left with no clue why the play is stopped.
Flakes.

Please let the football @premierleague remain manual.
Those mistakes that the players and referees make are actually the very events that make football fun!
introducing lots of technology in the act of playing is going to make the matches predictable hence fading of the league
Thank God for that..
if they used it harry kane wouldn’t have a goal 
Common sense. This is not rugby or cricket, its 100mph football which VAR will ruin. Next let's make sure 'Sin Bins' don't get the go ahead.
No surprise there. It needs to be way better than it is right now.
Understand them. Let Oliver screw other matches with impunity.
Mike dean will be happy! He can continue to be the centre of attention.
VAR or not, the referee see what he wants to see. That’s how it works in Italy
VAR needs to be improved and referees need more training on how to use it and when not to use it. Until it's proven to work properly there is no point putting into practice in the Premier League
Maybe the managers need to stop calling the referee decisions then
Refs dead scared to relinquish any authority in the game, and even worse, being held to account.
Theres someone unemployed niw lol
Best news I’ve heard all day
Football wins
Sad!!!
Is that because it proves what a bunch of overpaid, diving premadonas thay all are.....
Another year depended from the mediocre english referees. Imagine another year with some bastards like Atkinson etc etc
I liked the idea and still think it could work, but the way it has been introduced and managed has not been very encouraging. Would prefer not to see it at the World Cup, there's going to be plenty of controversy!
RIGHT THEN. Next season I dont want to hear ANYONE complaining about ‘was he offside or not’. This is a stupid decision which puts this league with all its money in the past. 
I wonder if it was all Prem teams who voted or just a majority. Can’t believe City voted against after the last few games...

bad decision, should’ve worked on it over the summer, use in pre season games etc
Will be interesting to see how it performs at the world cup, hoping it’s not a shambles like its been in previous games like spurs vs rochdale
I think eventually they will progress to using  T.M.O and D.R.S like in rugby and cricket - so much quicker and more efficient and barely leaves room for much confusion (which can be bad for footy), wont be like that for the world cup tho, so can easily see it being v dislocated
I think it would be better to bring referees here from abroad to ref our games as ours just arnt up to it.
No surprises there.....why would they want a fairer referee system in place??!! 

Its not ready yet, wait a few years.
Good it’s absolutely shite
I mean you could just replace the shower of shite refs you have and replace them with competent ones just an idea tho......
Every other sport can use it successfully apart from football  there’s nothing wrong with VAR. 
They need to mic up the refs so they can explain as they go along like in rugby but they can’t because of the abuse they get from players
Must have been annoying, refs not being able to decide who wins or loses
YYAAYY
