Come Liverpool because we’ve got salah
@BBCSport
نجم

Well-done Liverpool,well deserved,if u only still had Suarez and coutinho!
#Avfc
Job well done Liverpool. You made us proud. 
These guys are going hard
Only 3 reasons Sane's goal didnt stand. All 5 officials dont know the offside law and if so shouldn't never get near any professional game again. They all have a bias to Liverpool or they are under direction from UEFA. Pick one...
You forgot to mention that the ball was knocked onto Milner by the Liverpool goalkeeper.
Book
Shh@gxethih@johviijhuuuv
Pity the #Liverpool players aren’t #Liverpudlians
Great win for the pool! Amazing comeback
Gotta love karius celebrating the goals with the team, reminds me of pepe Reina

We never walk alone
So is this really news, just over paid children.
Yes yes YNWA
3 bad losses in a row  1 goal over 2 legs...5 conceded ...wow! #MCFC
You are spot on 5-1 is an absolute shagging 
When you put on 15/1 flutter on @LFC  
Should #Edersen be not given red card for pushing #mane 4 times without being involved in the foul? Why no one is talking about this. Had #mane gone down to ground with some theatrical move, definitely he would have seen red card.
Nah, if you just saw mane almost break your teammates ankle while then going into his stomach with his studs while then hitting him in the face with his knee you'd be pretty mad
Sorry Ox landing on Sane was more dangerous than Mane's slide on slippery surface. If players start reacting on those challenges, then we need Robots with AI to play football than human.
I will take 2 trophies. I'm proud of MC no matter what. Move onto another year and we will better next year.
To all Liverpool fans, Enjoy the rest part of theevening. God bless you
A
https://youtu.be/TQuYnvIS4wA 
Well deserved victory, ride on Liverpool, you will never walk alone
In a match not all the decisions come in your favour, fortune favours the brave!
Excellent
This is very good....my dad is very happy #Liverpool
Liverpool Liverpool Liverpool
strong performance @LFC against @ManCityMAS in both legs #Ucl.
@ManCity  @liamgallagher
I don't give a shit about Man City and Liverpool, I support my home town club Leicester City god bless them.
Is your year don't let it slip this time.
5 saints players. Policy of selling their best players backfires bigtime @SouthamptonFC @AdamBlackmore @BBCSport #welldoneliverpool
Beaten because of lack of emotional intelligence on the part of the coach.
So will they approach the semi final with the same Guile and confidence?.........toe to toe with Real Madrid I think they fold but hope they perform.

#SupportEnglishClub

A good entertaining contest overshadowed by crap refereeing decisions over both legs, but the better team won.
now we can drink water and sleep deep
City may be able to buy a premier league title, but can’t buy your way to a champions league title
There is no point spending hundreds of millions on defenders if we dont know or try to defend. It looks like we haven't improved our defensive weakness for 5 years now and we'll never win #UCL until we do.

We need to someone to coach our defensive, not hope we dont concede.
Well done to Liverpool. Spurs should add to City's woes. Pat.
For Guardiola to lose to @AS_Monaco_EN & @LFC in two consecutive seasons is really embarrassing #MCILIV
Guys we hammered MCity....wtf...,YNWA
Who will city blame this time? The ref, the linesman or maybe Rosamary the telephone operator #MCILIV
£££££$$$$$$$$€€€€€€€€€
Shows money cant buy you everything at the Emptihad
Oh happy day
Neither were champions so who cares? Hopefully Bayern will win cos they actually won their league #misnomer #allaboutthemoney
I’m confused?? The greatest team in the world ever (according to the media/pundits) have not gone unbeaten all season, they’ve not won four trophies and DeBruyne isn’t the 2nd coming! #Dontbelievethehype
Teams in red showed every other club how to beat city
Even if they were 2-0 at HT they can’t keep a clean sheet. Think it was always gona be Liverpool
Howz the quadruple looking 
You’ll never walk alone  
From a quadruple to a treble to being 'Invincibles' to now being double winners. Even the double is a weak double.  Poor Pep and his not so mighty blues.
pep must be on thin ice after 3 losses in a row. hear mick mccarthy is available at the end of the season. man city need to snap him up asap
who says that mick mccarthy would want to take the step down to man city?
money talks mikey
you make a point. all the oil money makes me sick.
Stop drinking it then
Outstanding team performance, clinical when it mattered, defended excellently, as we have this entire calendar year, work rate brilliant, I fancy us against any of the remaining teams
I don’t think we should particularly hope for anyone. Any team that makes it to the semis has the right to win it. To get into the final alone would be massive, especially for next season, these matches have shown how consistent our squad can be...
Had so much luck over the two legs
Great having all that luck 5 - 1 read it and weep
I don’t care couldn’t beat spurs so 
What the hell have spurs gotta do with it? #bellend
The best powerful team Liverpoollll 
Yes Yes yes.......great we now in the semi final......dream had come true for me so well done lads and proud of you guys and the club
Man City’s money got fucked 
We can all stop talking about City being the best team ever now
Thats very true this is the one and only season that they win the title
Dickkkked
Hahahah time to buy more 50 mil fullbacks eh
The Beatles sang "money cant buy you love"........ It cant buy you the champions league either eh Pep??????,    
Thank you, Mo Mistake! Thank you, Mino! @22mosalah @LFC @LFCIndonesia 
Someone said we could see city bottling this one too after a perfect first half
Man City need to chuck more money at it 
so cooooool!!! This time both my bf and I bet on Liverpool. Gonna be a great party on weekend 
Think city need to dip into the transfer market
In search of what? Messi or Ronaldo?
They need a new team bus first. Last week's one was a right off
Team bus Lols .... Maybe Chelsea should lend city theirs. 
Here here

Another training session for the reds against city....... EASY... EASY.... EASY
So city lost to 2 rivals at home after taking the lead..it seems they have a glass chin. Can't take knockout punch
Liverpool to win the #UCL #MCILIV
So Liverpool see off Manchester’s finest!
So called greatest team ever @ManCity eh?
Ha ha. Hi Matthew!
Good Job Liverpool hate both clubs of course Ronaldo to put use out in the Semis job done 
Stuffed by Liverpool

Filleted by Man Utd

Bragged about ability to win FOUR trophies

PRICELESS... 

...oh no, sorry... £1,000,000,000 PLUS

Ha ha...
I don’t know a single city fan who thought we’d win four trophies. Looking at your timeline you’re obsessed with city.
I assure you...the last thing i am obsessed with is Man City!
You have a funny way of showing it
Ok then lets be quite clear: i hate Man City with a passion.  I just look forward to the day that Sh Mansour realises ecactly how much he has pissed away and pulls the plug...
Bitter man.
Just honest.
Congrats red... 
What a game... 
Tks femi n d gang... 
Listened in Lagos Nigeria.. 
Who next do they play... 
Roma? 
Reds followed man u game tactics... 
Super ucl night... 
What a game.
Thank you Liverpool for knocking these ones out  there’s only one true club in Manchester and the colour is red 
Boom!! 
City shud go and enjoy their epl an FA cup trophies
Congratulations @LFC . You will never walk alone.
Man City best team in England , we have now beat them 3 times.
To win the league . Next question. You do realise you only made the semis not won it you plum
Shitty City got destroyed twice in 3days 

Pep must be sweating. If it was Pellegrino he'd be toast tonight.
@ManCity beaten home & away!! That's something! Up Reds!...#UCL #MCILIV
I'm in love with Liverpool
Thanks for the welcome and hospitality Vincent 
Well done Liverpool!
BYE BYE HAM-CHESTER CITY!! 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA COMEDY GENIUS HAVE MY CHILDREN
Let's take a moment to laugh at the most expensive defense in the premier league. 
the rewards seem to be ongoing  x
At least my second fav club went through 
well deserved! MCFC stuffed in the end, Mo Salah defo player of season
City bottled it.
What ever messi can do dzeko can do better 
Congratulations @LFC better team over both legs with a little leg up from the ref 

WoW
#AliunWaliullah
Well done LFC.
The referees won the game for Liverpool. Undeserved and lucky, small club now
Actually the goals won the game for us, the ref just helped

Half a billion pounds later.

Spot the difference. 

…
Barca out too
City's oil money can't buy European pedigree 
Let's win it!!!!
