1) "leftists" are not fascists. 2) I'm not a democrat
nope
we love you Trump! We stand by you as you are standing by us! 
... You shoulda been there dude, you missed out on grabbing a few Pussy
Good luck I hope you win


I'm bringing the Trump Train with me today.. My invitation from Facebook has been sent ! "My prayers were sent to GOD"
President Donald J Trump
my pastor was talking abt that... Soooo true!!!
@TXluvsnoBSTrump
He has my vote
we
You heard? Didn't you ask Pence? Oh! Right! He didn't go !
the people are behind you!  Crush the establishment! #onlytrump
thy are playing all your tapes on CNN you need to come out and fight
Please respond to horrific police shooting in Palm Spring.  Our country is hurting.  #BlueLivesMatter #MAGA #LawAndOrder
you're going to get fucking destroyed on Nov 8 and it's going to be beautiful.
When they ask you about this tom nite All you need to say is I'm a better man today than yesterday & Move on to the issues!
Did you sexually assault them?
You're going to lose that state BIGLY!!!! Sad! So very very sad!
time to go! You are unfit. #imwithher
go trump go everybody makes mistakes #maga
#TrumpPence16
DROP OUT OF RACE! FREAKING JOKE
Trump ADMITS to sexual assault on a REGULAR BASIS and you're STILL with him 100%??????
You MUST be still drinking the Trump kool-aid after the last 2 weeks lol
You were MIA! 
Funny.
Where were you?  O that's right, in TIME OUT.
hardcore supporters are what takes u down Fortunatelly 4 us u dont see the reality bc u think  crowd of cuckoos loves you
drop out!
#TeamTrump no one with any sense cares what you said a decade ago, let the media spew meaningless garbage.
wtf this is the real video http://youtu.be/trqbOAs6428 
Call for Hillary to stand trial for treason!!! Have your attorneys sue for it!
All 7 of them
Take Her Down. We Are Pissed-Off
why haven’t you deleted your account yet?
we stand with you! Keep fighting and good luck tomorrow night!
unreal as in not real
Donald get her in the debate. Stay calm and trump on 
love ya truml
yeah but we was grabbing beaver because gabbing pussy is politically incorrect!
Make America Great Again! Judgmental people like Paul Ryan need to learn not to be so judgemental.It in the past let it go!
What about pervert?
are you talking about Bill Clinton?
Is it too late in a pregnancy to abort a 70 year old?
Mr. Trump is the strongest person I've seen. God is guiding him and he will be elected president.
I hear god loves incest and adultry.
Hi the Donald, in regards to Cruz how funny he is now telemarketing for you!!! LMAO!!
Ummmm Trump can't even run a campaign and you think he can run our country hahahahahaha
Hillary is guilty of the worst insultive banter of all!!!
I heard they had a bunch of hot lookin' married chick's there too.
Please make America great again by dropping out. #unfitcandidate
.@realDonaldTrump grab my pussy daddy

thank you this is a nice photo @realDonaldTrump
You're a lame attention seeker.

@JLMarchese111 Guess you should have been there then
what are going to do when #Hillary let's in millions of #muslims who will slaughter #gltb and women slaves
Seriously dude...I'm pretty sure your family were immigrants...have some heart
first we were LEGAL worked to assimilate shared values family women life, #muslims do not
if you value women so much how can you possibly justify #dumptrump statements?
my loves in life are wife, daughter and boys. Do not justify, it was stupid guy talk. Means nothing.
Great, great-do u know any other words? Release ur tx rtns unless u r hiding more than paying 0 txs.
I moved on her like a bitch, but I couldn’t get there. And she was married.
aren't you the little perv, you kno u will be reported & locked up again.Do the doctors kno you got loose from the facility?
ahh yes angry hateful bashing, true to form - my son is so smart & appropriate - so glad he's nothing like, a lib
My Obama Care has gone to $1237 per month and going higher!! Do you think I care about naughty words said 11 years ago?
concede & drop out
My prayer and God is behind @realDonaldTrump He going to succeed in every-way. Build that wall, Lock her up!
why are you supporting a man who shows no respect to anyone? This is a legitimate question. @Patrickesque
I'm older then you are, I know more about the Clinton and their crimes. You should do your research better.
do you dismiss me because I'm a woman? @Patrickesque
One thing for sure, you are not my wife
no, I'm not. We've never met. But I'm still calmly asking why you support someone who shows no respect for anyone @Patrickesque
Now you are being silly, Trump has a beautiful family

The words are demeaning. Such behavior is an abuse of power. It’s not lewd. It’s sexual assault. –Joe

i'm curious would you let Donald Trump in a room all by himself with your daughter
yep. You ignorant fool. All this is liberal bullshit. Feigned Outraged. JOKE coming firm the amoral crowd. Bahaha
Condoleezza Rice Calls On Donald Trump To Drop Out Of The Race
@HuffPostPol So many new liberal shills up in here. Correct The Record must pay good. Lol. Losers - ALL OF YOU
Boys will be boys, but dirty little boys should NOT be President
America, Hillary," He that is without sin among you, let him cast the first stone". Next President Donald J. Trump/100% 4U.
My name is Koji Tadokoro.
I am a 24-year-old student.
I hate you. I like the man.
I am gay. See you forever.
and then there was this one:
From one of your most ardent #PussySupporter: hope no one got hurt or killed bc of Matthews. No News over here. SwitchOff!
https://twitter.com/RyanSchwartz/status/784540098306117632 …
Paul Ryan , sorry excuse for a GOP leader and Christian.
Why is Hillary always sitting down?
Use the foot problem that kept you out of the draft as the reason to drop out. You have become the turd in the punchbowl.
Keep going Donald You Have The Democrats And HRC On The Run We Are With You All the WAY !!!!!!!
Wish I was there to let you know YOU ARE MY ONLY PRESIDENT EVER
Uranium one+State Dept+Clinton Foundation=Putin owning monopoly on Uranium. Read Clinton Cash ch2. This comes out =HRC Done
You are VERY much supported.  The media is trying to control our thoughts.  It will not work!
your campaign HAS got to point out how Clinton's campaign is turning American's attention away from the REAL ISSUES!!
don, could you have been talking about that movie, Scent of a woman? Very similar words in it
SNL says any woman who still votes for Trump is Brain Broke & are Crazy Bitches. Thanks. #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MAGA
We support you! Our government is so corrupt they are petrified of you exposing them and will try anything to stop you.
Always here for you.     GO TRUMP
Too bad you weren't invited. RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to my supporters in Wisconsin. I heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
@noreenjritchie Listen everybody the election is not abt what DT SAID 11yrs ago Its abt today and HRC is dangerous today
So BEWARE OF COOPER AND MARTH WHO WILL MAKE IT LOOK LIKE WHAT DT SAID11YRS AGO NOT WHAT A2FACED LIAR HRC IS
don't get excited ! It was your usual rowdy base.
. America and the world needs a modern day TR. American born. NRA Member. A proven leader and businessman .Pres. Trump
We love you Mr Trump from North Texas!!!
great job!
As a woman, I am offended at the fake outrage.  Miley Cirus simulates sex on stage. Rap music porno to music. Distraction.
http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/08/politics/trump-on-howard-stern/index.html?sr=twCNN100816trump-on-howard-stern0742PMVODtopLink&linkId=29715274 …
TRUMP RECEIVE THE HOLY GHOST.B BAPTIZED...ANY TONGUE TALKING CHRISTIAN WORKING DIRECTLY WITH TRUMP. THIS IS YOUR MISSION.
Now we are not only deplorable, we are dogs, lol. Wow and people want to vote for this wicked witch!

Unreal as in "did not happen"

Don't cave. America needs you. Tonight. ...pivot...pivot...pivot. don't take the bait.
you are the Best!!!
At this point @realDonaldTrump could eat a live puppy on national TV & I still couldn't debase myself to vote for @HillaryClinton #Trumpgate
Get plenty of rest today. I hope you clean her clock tonight. She is not above the law. You have my vote. Will be watching
untrue
Uhh-  No Paul @PRyan @SpeakerRyan .. He was not talking to you.!. Dude really.. U should just step down @GOP
I agree Ryan is a Scumbag
You Chickened Out! HaHa
stay on point tonight!  Talk about policies.  Use "we" a lot. Don't let her bait you, into defending yourself.
Would you allow Mr Pence to withdraw and you can pick Rudy for VP
and I heard you're a successful business man! Lol ha ha ha. Not!
stay the course, HRC trap to frame who you are. 8m foreclosures, record EBT, open borders, USA last #hrcdeflectioncircus

Donald let this get to you you have to win
That is all that u know.  Most of e people in e crowd are not ur supporters
Best to have a strong Man as POTUS, rather than the PUSSY you have now or might get if you're not careful.
I LOVE OUR NEXT PRESIDENT! Mr. Donald J. Trump
.   You did great tonight!!  Mr. President!
I don't pay attention to polls , but I do know that Trump is going to be President and you can take that to the bank?
We In Wi Don't Want You

You have single-handedly killed the Republican Party. We will now have Hillary and a Democratic Senate and House. Drop out!
they are murderers
That's nice.
I'm with her
u r the man!
did you know that billy bush is jeb's cousin?
b the bigger person 2 nite apologies then done don't babble on, nail her walls greet & Benghazi u didn't leave any behind

A 1999 @DoonesburyComic #cartoon saw it coming  via @GordMacey 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFpFDyKeqyA …
You've been misinformed #Trump. The crowd were protesters who don't want a sexual deviant for our president
sure don't help vets tho. Never did call me back. Oh well. No support from my people.

Go Trump
"Crowd and enthusiasm was unreal" that you would drop out of the race? lol
Leave.
just be you , you have said crazy things but your honest and what we see is what we get and funny as hell
Unreal...just like you. You're done.
No ElectronicVotes and firger mark with Ink please. Avoid death people voting.
In Africa,that language disqualify you to stand before men. @CNN  @realDonaldTrump
#deplorable frm San Antonio,TX Mr Trump we support U @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP @Reince don't stepup #voterswillhavefinalsay
Most were there to see you, not that bunch that spoke.  Hypocrites all.
Creep!
you weren't there?
Trump gotta hit Hillary hard tonight. You've got to. You got this far because you are the real deal. We want to see Trump
The only reason u won't drop out is you'd have 2 pay back all the Donor money.Not a loyalty 2 voters.Only 1 ur loyal 2 is u
EVERYONE CAN PRAY EVERYDAY TIL NOV 8---PRAY FOR THE DEBATE---PRAY,PRAY,PRAY,  THE POWER OF PRAYER CANNOT BE OVERESTIMATED
stay strong my friend
if HRC is given the NUCLEAR CODE SHE WILL email it to UMA ABEDIN it will be  hacked and HRC will not remember  sending it.
yeah real stupid
The country's in trouble with someone like Hillary !! Wakeup America !!
They don't support you really, they are just using you, be a leader of American not of losers, its starts now !
Did I say funny? I meant horrific.
Ball is in your court now.  You got my support after @RealBenCarson left race. Joked about his redemption-now what?
I saw a pic hours before the event. Americans love you. You could be another
 Abraham Lincoln or Reagan.
Are you for real.....
Words are cheap but, what the Clintons have done and plan to do is damaging to us all.  We need you to win this thing.
They are your well loved Uneducated, just like you are. What's with "Neh Vaiy Duh"?
Still trying to put lipstick on a pig of a campaign aren't you.
