@usembislamabad #Donaldtrump is the true voice of American Nation & he 'll make more strong to US Economy GOD BLESS #TRUMP
Sorry need to say if u follow cOnvey I will report u to Twitter they have work sheet on me & send out Fake tweets in my name
while people still have water to drink when the oil companies have polluted it all good luck then .. way to late act now
I became an expat because of Obama. Please set up many manufacturing jobs so I can come home.
I thought you want to live here in Philippines for good but why it seems the wind change it direction ..
I am still living in the Philippines.
ok so I hope you enjoy and have fun with the fastest internet connection there in iligan.
I don't live in Iligan any longer
ok enjoy life , god bless  you
NÖ LÖ CREÖ A MI PAÍS MEXICÖ L DECLARAS L GUERRA:SI MI PAÍS NO TIENE LOS HUEVOS PARA DECLARTE LA GUERRA YO SI PINCE SIONISTA
I have a suggestion:  For the sake of the country resign.
My 401k plan has increased 19 percent and you have not even been sworn in. Thanks!
The CHURCH loose its exempt status if it take SIDES during elections.  So should the MEDIA
The Press,  I s the "SWAMP" We must have a BIAS TEST for the PRESS...
love you man!
The Press is the SWAMP.  Remember Rendition. Green Brier Hotel?  We must have a BIAS-TEST for the press.
"It's not the jobs alone, is the quantitative income that makes every AMERICAN content. Donald, create a GREAT ECONOMY."
Why is that a mistake?
Corporate headquarters: 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, D.C. Proprietorr D. Trump
@__Pr corruption is everywhere clean the pond Mr.president.
go get 'em! 
You're the mistake.
Had PM in Canada who said this about. Turned out to be utterly corrupt and now reviled across Canada. Good company you keep
Yeah, and you are more than ready to sell us to the highest bidder. Or you have already?
@stevenmnuchin1 how bout those Trump pennies ?!
does this include your branded products and clothing?
Hey Trump...isn't this one of your white supremacistst non Muslims buddys?
Business as usual causing extinction of life on Earth? Everyone pretending that we are respecting Nature and planet limits?
what in gods name is wrong with you? if you have a heart and a fully functioning brain you should know you are doing wrong
hands USA 2capitlst corporate leadrs,pushing us 2WARDS Communism,asCapitalists will seek2control$distribution in THEIRfavor
Why yes, Mr. LePage.
HOW SAFE WILL BE OUR TECH IF THIS IS DONE
your tax will just get passed on to the consumer. So what does the company care.
and China is leaving.
Incoherent babble.
i assume you mean you're open for business and the US is just a convenient way for you to do that
A workforce that lacks vocational training can't produce. We need vocational training for Americans.
Electing @realDonaldTrump  is certainly an expensive mistake. What will the ultimate cost be?
America  where art thou manners we the people of the COOPERATION NO ONE EVER 4get THAT we are a business not country

"The chief business of the American people is business."
~Calvin Coolidge 

Then we suffered the Great Depression.
How much you selling it for?
-the US may be open for business-but who will WANT to do business with us if you implement your trade proposals?
The "United" (Divided) States has been open for business LONG before you ever came onto the scene. Get real.
at least you're being honest that you're for sale.
I'm going to read just this tweet as YOU are our "expensive mistake"
and the president - elect is for sale
Drain the swamp - Term limits & the laws they make for us apply to them too!!!!!!! Dan Knott
follow
No it's not. You aren't selling down the drain to settle your debts to Russia and the Bank of China.
Wait, it's the taxpayers who will bail you out. Well, those of us who actually pay taxes. You're nothing but a thief.
So you can bankrupt us. Too bad Daddy isn't around to bail you out.
go away
oh yes you are definitely open for business. #TheArtOfTheCon #TheAgeofBullshit #PutinsPuppet #TrumpleThinSkin
so are you going to have your clothing made in America now????
So when are you going to stop using cheap China labor to make YOUR products? Hypocrite.
#PresidentPondScum and is for sale to the highest bidder. You're a complete fraud & pathological liar &     
YOU DON'T SCREW OVER AMERICA AND THINK YOU CAN GET AWAY WITH IT CON MAN. THERE WILL BE A PRICE TO BE PAID.
it's not just mfg jobs. What about outsourced customer service ? Ask MDT.
Make America Great Again: repay SocSec, restore full bennies at 62 for 90% of your supporters; make room for young workers.
Hey Lee we WON PresidentTrump cjCJ
hey Carol, he committed Treason, so how's that win feeling? #loganact #lockhimup
Yep, it's expensive business when you sell your country to the highest bidder. How do you even breath on your own.
Yay!  The next Mad Max movie will be Mad Max: Trade Wars
Hi there President Elect I would like to break bread with you. I don't want you going around acting like The Duke of Hell.
sir every problem that happens in Africa you'll have to intervene. They robbed me at the bank, now, where r my investments?
fu university
. Please block this move. This is totally whack! What in God's green earth is wrong with onama?!
Is that your way of forcing prices to be raised on those businesses so you can raise yours and bankrupt the country?
You sound like a fool with each tweet.  Stop embarrassing America.  America is better than YOU!
https://twitter.com/maddow/status/807392816062201856 … from Russia with love
The news here is not just what's in the headline... the McConnell plot is jaw-dropping http://goo.gl/WeKHUx 
please do not cut or eliminate any environmental protections!
How will prices be set for companies NOT owned and not located in the United States?
YEA TRUMP GET'S RICHER AND THE POOR PAY FOR IT I THINK WE NOW HAVE A PRESIDENT ON BAD DRUG'S
your not doing anything for our country if you don't reduce our nuclear stockpile.

not if you get your eyes off the goal and put it into divided areas like the Apprentice! God called you to be faithful!????

.    X
                                       X
                                   XXXX
I HATE YOU DONALD HILLARY CLINTON IS BETTER
Great ! While USA abandons international trade, China and other countries will assume economic leadership. So dumb !
But didn't you just let a company move jobs out of the country?
one thing you cant do is fake your way through the presidency everyone will see who you really are!!!!!
Or for sale @realDonaldTrump
DIE ALREAY.....PLEASE!!!
Trump you don't even know how the economy works. 60%+ is consumer spending and the biz portion is driven by consumers.
And Americans will now be paying an extra 50% for all consumer goods. Phones, TVs, clothing, air conditioners...
And probably an ITAR violation unless ONLY US workers are doing the work :/

Release your tax returns
Japan wants to replace nuclear power plants with coal due to earthquakes. Perfect opportunity for U.S. to supply them!
Not once you get through with it it wont be.
.. America is experiencing a hostel takeover.  All that makes us truly Great is being devoured.  Democracy being sold out.
You tell them! Those corporations deserve ZERO tax cuts!!! #MAGA
No, we don't. We think the united states are awesome
with your new anti lgbt equal rights government? No the USA is not open for business. Your open to discriminate only.
For how much longer?
What do you mean? Mistake?
open for business unless a foreign company threatens your sovereignty, then that company is past...
The US isn't a shopping mall
please ditch Romney, he cannot be trusted and what will the foreign leaders think when he had smeared your reputation???
why? Please stop praising Obama! He is a fake,froud,fony two faced snake in the grass!! There isnt one nice thing about him
Do you think it will be good to have higher prices for consumers? Protectionism is bad.?
you're an expensive mistake.
Donald Trump is open for business!
We are a COUNTRY not a BUSINESS!
YES!!
Guess GOP forgot to tell ur not in business anymore. Ur in the business of acting like a leader. Try it once in a while!
Yeah, and you're selling it to the highest bidder!
You will never be my president - you horrid man.
so does that mean all of your business ventures will be coming back?!
now to get USA citizens off of "Blacklist"  @LoriDav40829449
Is this in reference to your Carrier deal?
Go Mr. President let's make some things instead of making up excuses the past 8 years.
I love it! @KatieKatieo1203
Please remember the issues you ran on don't let your voters down!
does this include all of the manufacturing you and your family do overseas?  eat a bag of dicks
As long as you are non union, @AFLCIO  Hang on bait and switch time like at Carrier
it will close soon unless you protect the environment
We are a country divided and there are 2.7 million more against your agenda then 4 it. Work with the majority for progress.
go hell
...Awesome, simply AWESOME solution, MY PRESIDENT, to a HEINOUS problem which has been plaguing this country for years now
....It has snowballed across our country creating financial havoc & "ghost towns" throughout the US....Im so PROUD of you &
Isn't this Maine's Governor LePage's motto. Maine Open for business.. it ultimately attracted drug dealers to the state.
come on!
and all our leaders are for sale
Can't wait to fuck one of @MELANIATRUMP's whores in the Lincoln bedroom

How about Tiffany?

How much for the whole night?
NOT FOR NORTH AMERICAN WORKERS OR COMPANIES, FOR INTERNATIONAL PROFIT MONGERS WHO WANT TO DESTROY #LIVINGWAGE
@cnn @nytimes United States - open for backdoor fraud and cons, said the con, FRAUD, liar-in-chief. As Donald says, SAD.
C'mon Donald , why you always lyinnnnn-
- Try running a business with no customers, #rookie. #EmbargoUSA
This I agree with you on and sincerely hope you can deliver.
does that tax include the taxes on your shitty red paisley tires that are made in Mexico?
the United States is not a business. #doyouknowwhatyouredoing
147 characters. Let me repeat: 147 characters.
.@realDonaldTrump when the PEOPLE rise up in the streets against you, are you going to shoot them?  You'll be like the Chinese then!
capitalism
All this from the guy that just paid Carrier 7 million dollars and jobs were still lost! Don't buy the BS people!
lol, you would say that
You exist to the great expense of our country. You have no ethics or morals. Megalomaniac, you will be impeached! electors?
@JaneSubscribe Amen!!
So is your "wife"
so what are you going to do about Carrier? 500 people's jobs are going to Mexico.
war is the main business for USA
Expensive mistake America!  The UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS (make check payable to Donald Trump....)
... and #Trump's tiny little hands are in the till!
What is the national sleep debt right now??????????????? @realDonaldTrump
Yes, yes you are.
thank you looking for an investigator job. Loss my job just before  the holidays any help or direction thank you
you my friend are an expensive mistake. #bully #itssoeasy
& how much $$ do you expect to make during the next 4 years. U have sold out the American people 2 line your own pockets?
competition is a GOOD thing. Motivation is a GOOD thing.
make the United States open for business to all!Will only increase jobs for the  worker/make prods cheaper 4  consumer
allow all foreign businesses massive tax breaks for moving infrastructure to America, creating more American jobs
Thank You...
an expensive mistake for the consumer who will have to pay more/the workers who will be laid off anyways to reduce costs
No - it's up for SALE TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER -
God Bless You!
Thank You!   Thank You so much Mr. Trump!   Thank You for standing up for America!  For standing up for me!
sooooo how is CARRIER GONNA LIKE THAT 35%....cue the crickets
when r u moving your clothing manufacturing back?
I'm am watching Tucker Carlson about flag burning.  Some people see flag burning is free speech.  I see it as hate speech.
Please not give up your businesses.They have no right to ask you to.Carter,Bush,&Other Presidents didn't.Don't Back Down..
The US isn't a business you orange boil on the butt of humanity!
ALL CAPS!
So petty and vindictive! Will you leverage bankruptcy as federal economic strategy?
but like aren't you the mistake??
.@realDonaldTrump  Leadership in the #USA has been seriously lacking.  Trade deals never to our advantage.  Stupid leadership.  You can fix!
Open for your business.
